t !,iifcTHE BOURBON NEWS.- x-X.;v::jPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB.1VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 17, 1911.NUMBER 20M3H.,'VT1JVmc -;-i1 iuanoien s.Millinery News.Collapsible Hats will be good ffcrearly spring wear. The big Summerhat will be the thing for later on whilej the new Helmet and Aeroplane designswill be very much in vogue. All ofthe above patterns will be on displayat our Spring Opening on March 23.I Don't forget you are always welcomeand are cordially invited.17 2t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.MaroolenParis, Ky.Just Opened aBarrel ofPUREfyotmltlidt..Bourbon County.SorghumLogan Howa'lMBVC'n'SSS'r-'r-rim -tun ra X?.7-ftIf my Goods are Not the Best I Jam deceived and will thank jfdiiy ui my uaiuiizcis w .me if they detect a sign of aninferior class or quality.Standard Granulated Sugar. 20 lbs $1.00 fftPure Hog- Lard, per lb 12 jjjjf3 lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 can 25 tyIndianola Corn. 2 cans ..15 )Baby Bun ton Corn, 3 cans - 25 ty)Matches, 3 boxes 10 ijffArgo Starch, 3 boxes 10 tyArbuckles Coffee, per lb 23 j)Old Reliable Coffee, per lb 28 tyJVIackerel Fish, large size, 2 for 15 fSantee Syrup, 2-lb. can 2 for 15Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25 )Peas, Daisy Brand, 2 cans 15 SjjjjPeas, Early June, 3 cans 25 $Navy Beans, 3 quarts 22 (H$Blue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65 S.diiic iuuuun r lour, ov w. oach. jl.ou oBlue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack. 2.5dThe Grocery Store of Quality. 3sT. C. LEINIHAIN Prop. WBoth Phones 234 !.;.g.g....i.ifr.i&K.E EI "Sk. Es? ifc K pt8S itt&2&3k.il ? ri?SliJ?5W 5v7J Jvi" vi rA( vam jv7" jvi. '' - '' ".T-VT.3 111AI IVI ffl-IP Si&fig H -:vi P ? IH 1 Axm mIS mB HH & isvk? AflH kH bB MB &mb&& m m B Hjy V B V H Af 4Sr$ v V V F IPi 3SsFor Further Information aggoc Sec -Price & Co.,Clothiers.riyM?V7ABourbon Circuit Court.When Circuit Court convened Tuesday mornins the criminal docket wascalled. Some delay was experiencedas a result of the absence of a numoerof witnesses and several cases werepostponed until later in the term.The first case tried was that of theCommonwealth vs. Dan Andrcson, accused of abusing Maria McGwoan.agedten years. The jury rtturned a verdict of guilty, the penalty being tenyears to twenty years in the penitentiary. The next case tried was that ofCharles 13. Thomas, a policeman ofParis, on the charge of assault andbattery upon William Wright inAugust, 1910. After the case wasready for presentation 10 the jury itwas dismissed until Wednesday morning at 9 o'clock, when after deliberating about two hours, returned a verdict of guilty and Thomas was assessed a fine of $25.Wednesday morning the case of theCommonwealth against Dave January,charged vith detaining a womanagainst her will with the intent ofhaving carnal knowledge of her. Theprincipal witness against January wasMrs. Virgie Gray against whom thealleged oifr-nse was committed whileat her home near Cane Ridge on thefifth of last December.Alter deliberating five hours thejury reported to the court that theywere unable to reach a verdict theywere discharged by Judge Sandidge. The report of the jury showedeleven tor conviction and one for acquittal. Several minor cases wure tried byjuries in the courtroom Wednesday,and finrs assessed in each case. Inthe casp of the Commonwealth vsBrent Iiicks, the jury returned a verdict of not guiky.Beginning Wednesday night JudgeSandidge be?an holding night sessionsin order to expediate the routine business in court.Yesterday the criminal docket waslesumcrs when court convened and thecase cf the Commonwealth againstVirgil Allen, colored, charged withshooting with intent to kill, cuntinuedfrom the day previous, was completed,the juiy returning a verdict of guiltyand he was sentenced to thirty days injail.Uhe case of the Commonwealthagainst Morris Ilutsell under indictment for cutting with intent to killresulted in a fine of SB0 being assessedagainst the defendant.Will Kimbrough. colored, phad guilty to an indictment charging forgeryand wab sentenced to from two to tenyears in the penitentiary. James Ashbrnok.twhite.was found guilty of striking with intent to kill and fined $50The trial of Pres Lannum,. chargedwith cutting with intent to kill wasentered into at the afternoon bessionand after the evidence was heard thejury retired and after deliberating furtwo hours reported to the court thywere unable to reach a verdict. JudgeSandidge did not discharg the jury andit will resume its deliherationa thismorning. The jury to try the case otthe Commonwealth against Dan Menifee, under indictment for carrying concealed weapons was out when courtadjourned for the afternoon.Before the adjournm ent was takeJudge Samuel holmes and AttorneyConley, of Carlisle, made argumentnagainst the motion of the Comonwealth to forfeit the bond of Cleveland Statford, convicted at the Juneterm of court for malicious cuttingwith intent to kill, and Attorney Conley was present to show cause why thebond should not be forfeited. JudgeSandidge had not rendered a decisionin the case when the report was dosed.T he following is a list of cases assigned for trial to date during theterm:Fifth day. Friday, March 17 R. F.Rash, vs. C. W. Turner; Yerkes &Kenrey vs. E. K. Thomas ; W. O. Butler vs. Blue Grass Traction Company ;Mitchell-Finch vs. A. D. Frazier.etc. ;E. F. Rash vs. M. R. Jacoby.Sixth day, Saturday, March 18 Mrs.Willie Wilmoth vs. J. T. Hughes ; N.A. Todd vs. Thomas Tobin.Seventh day, Monday, March 20Nancy Nichols Shropshire vs. E. L.Rose; Burley Tobacco Society V3. L.& N. Railroad Company.eighth day, Tuesday, March 21Oscar Herrin vs. Oscar Hedges ; W.S. Brooks vs. Jeff Elgin, etc.Ninth day, Wednesday, March 22Trustees Colored Church, etc., vs. L.& N. Railroad Company ; Joseph Greenvs "L. & N. Railroad Company; JamesGriggs vs. L. & N. Railroad Company ; Edward Miles vs. L. & N. Railroad Company ; Jospsh A. Vowel vs.L. & N. Railroad Company.Tenth day, Thursday. March 23Bishop Hibler & Bro. vs. internationalHarvester Company ; James McClurevs. J. D. McClintock.i- . - .I"We Know How.951A Suit bought from us has to be right, or no sale. We havetj. 1 if O .1 r r-umpiere une mis opnng man ever betore lor you to select trom.a moreVW9?Black and Tanfor theWell-DressedManYou must set the pace,Get in the Game,You will be a winnerin one of ourSpring Suits.Hats, Caps, ShirtySox,Neckwear, Underwear,t i: t 41bX-LCLVGiilJg )!, kUmbrellas, Canes,Rain Coats,Automobile Gloves,Guaranteed IPatent LeatherandReed's CushionSole Shoes.Dr.A customer satisfied to the extent of telling his friends about us is the bestadvertisement That's what our customers are doinsr.mIVIitcfaell & BSakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Oufcfifcters-to-IVfen.415W'V4MMMHtrvtV-1M-f.V!M?ir3Kr(JiT;eir,",t'ijEMftitTj v - -vv -I'.i'sywwpEimMiiiin!i!iiii;rnnuT!uivin!i!!Hitini!niiiiiiiNii!ii!!!!in!iiiu!niiinininn!uniMU!niu!!)iiniii!iH!iiiii!iiiinnN -Ms:IP:i:FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.PRICES TALKA Few of Our Specials For Every Dayin the WeekHope Bleached Cotton8 1 -3c a yardUtility and Whittendon DressGinghams 7 1 -2c yardThese are sold at other stores as 12 l-2c GinghamsIt is the Best.Seme refrigerators are so rnunhjunk, made simply to be sold. TheNorth atar'is made to be sold and staysold. It is the best made.J. T. HINTON.Paris Corporation Assessed.The State Board of Valuation andAssessment Tuesday assessed theParis Gas flight Company at $20,000and the Paris Electric Light Comuany$20,000 for franchise taxes.Sell Two Interstate Cars.The Bourbon Garajfe & Supply Co.on Saturday sold to Mr. Milt Abner ahandsome automobile and this weekone to Mr. R. Li. Penn. 8oth machines were five-pasenger touringcars of the Inter-State type. Theabove firm are doing some tall huet-linn tKic aaaonn onrJ knita titimLm.customers on the string they expect toland in the next few dayi. What's1the use going cut of town when you ican hay such curs is the Inter-State2nd E. M. F-. fro.ivhoma people.Amoskeg and Lancaster Apron Ginghams7 l-2c a yard81x90 Seamless Sheets, Extra Good,At $1,25 a PairuWe will be glad to charge these goods if you havea regular account with usTHE ONLY RESTRICTION is that none will be sold to dealers.HMHrittttlMHIIllfYOUR TRADE SOLICITEDrRAINK & CO.JHIIIIIIIIIIHIinitlWWMHlUHUIIllMHirrtmttmiiiymMiiiiuimMimmrnMmmftftKKHKKW$IU:K!ft!!iKfiB:i115 2bv. V , -ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH. 17, 1911.utxvuESKBBKwamsaILizzie Lary Wins No. 1185Have Stood The Test.vfettleton Spring Oiyesmar' ".: " -' i.'A'iWT'i''jLjni.sKr 'ore sorsrss5xsuuir33FwjaFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. rVI'WiUams,The Shoe Man.XIWWHKSjglSSgagHTHE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerfEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 19 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.A Poor Weak WomanAs she is termed, will endure bravely and patientlyagonies which a strong man would give way under.The fact is women are more patient than they oughtto be under such troubles.Every woman ought to know that she may obtainthe most experienced medical advice free of chargeand in absolute confidence and privacy by writing tothe World's Dispensary Medical Association, R. V.Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y. Dr. Piercehas been chief consulting physician of the Invalids'Hotel and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo, N. Y., formany years and has had a wider nrncf innl n-ncridnfx.in the treatment of women's diseases than any other physician in this country.His medicines arc world-famous for their astonishing efficacy.The most perfect remedy ever devised for weak and delicate women is Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.IT MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG,SICK WOMEN WELL.The many and varied symptoms of woman's peculiar ailments are fully setforth in Plain English in the People's Medical Adviser (1008 pages), a newlyrevised and up-to-date Edition of which, cloth-bound, will be mailed free onreceipt of 31 one-cent stamps to pay cost of mailing only. Address as above.ONE YEAR,$.00 i SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00A Treat For All Classes Who Smoke.An Idol Cigar in his "mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis p cket for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest,llesort, therefore, all ye whoare fond of a good f smoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisThe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff of Our Coffeewill tell 3ou it is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smells.Iticli. golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a collee fit fora king. 13e good to 3ourselfand try a pound.BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto. cf, Corn zr Seventh and Main and South MainWorking in the Garden'&fc.V3JfSArr.v-,vL'.,fiM?.'k'f I .Amamis a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.The' are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an- outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.Paynter Makes Formal Announcement. United States '.Senator Thomas' H.Paynter. of Greenup, whose term willexpire March 4. 1913, has made theannouncement of this - candidacy tosucceed himself. Senator Paynter hasrefused to discuss the political situation further than to say that hewould make the race to succeed himself. It could not be learned whetheror not he was satisfied with the actionof the Democratic State ExecutiveCommittee in including the matter ofa senatorial indorsement of the primary. Henry R. Prewitt. chairman of theDemocratic State Executive Committeedoes not know just what action likelywould be taken by the committee todraft a platform on which the partynominees to be selected in the primarycan run. He says he had not discussedthe matter with any member of thecommittee nor any of the party leaderssince the last meeting of the committee more than a week .'ago. aMr. Prewitt is of the opinion that a platformshould be drafted on which the successful candidates could go before thepeople, and that as the nominees areto be selected in a primary he thoughtit was up to the Executive 'Committeeto provide some manner of making apiattorm and that lie nau not yet considered the question of calling the committee together for this purpose, butthat some action likely would be takenby him within the near future.Mr. Prewitt says he had heard nothing since the last meeting of the committee, from Henry It. Lawrence,chairman of the new sub committee.and did not know justmeeting of that bodyIt is likely, he said,Lawrence will call asubcommittee for some time aboutAdril 1. as there are a few matterspertaining to the primary to be lookedafter.To Hold Primary May 27.A primary election has been calledi for May 27 to nominat" Democratic! candidate for Representative in Nicho1 las and Robertson countie-. Judge L.S. Rogers lias announced his withdrawal, leaving Editor Green Kellerand Judge Foster Cox the only candidates.Tiny Brides.A dispatch from Frankfort says:"Tiny brides in short skirts and ot thegiggling variety are becoming fashionable and the rage in this city. Threemisses under 16 were martied Saturday to bridergooms under 24. Theyare Lucy Ellen Hargan, aged 15, toWillie Kase, aged 23; Mamie Rodgero,aged 15, to Exie Harrod, aged 21, andMaggie D. Reynolds, agjd 15, to W.H. Wright, aged 2.'.. In all of thesecases the fathers of the brides accompanied them to the Clerk's office toget the licenses."COMFORTING WORDSMany a Paris HouseholdFind Them So.WillTo have" the pains and aches of a badback removed; to be" entirely freefrom annoying, t dangerous urinarydisorders is enough to make any kidney sufferer trrateful. To tell hnwthis great change can be brought aboutwill prove comforting words to hundreds of Paris readers.Mrs. Margaret Nelson, l?,.' E. Mainstreet, Lexington, Ky., &s: "Forten years or more I was lemhled bysevere atfacks of backache ai d it wasalmost impossible for me . u do myhousework. I tried a number of remedies, but did not receive rehut until afriend advised me to trv Doan's Kid-i ney Pills and I procured a supply. ByI the time I had taken the contents ofI three boxes, my trouble haddisappear-ed. That happened over three yearsJ ago and I am today in good health. Ihave oftpn repommended Doan's Kidney Pills to my friends. In one casein particular Doan's Kidney Pills curbed dropsy after doctors had given thepatient up. I consider Doan's KidneyPills worth their weight in gold."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHOXES DAT 137; IflGHT 299.1mS2Z'S9gmS22ttSSiWere you dissatisfied with yourf last Coal. Trywhen the firstwould be held.that Chairmanmeeting of therlolidayjChanged.LOWRY & TALBOTTPails, KZerLtuLofeLV, .to-ftASSASBourbon LaundryArbor Day isone'of the "legal holidays in Kentucky and is specially observed by the rural schools. Ic formerly came in April, but the last legislature changed the date, kand it nowcomes in October.No Enthusrasm. 'Everything points to a big tobacco ,crop this year, although there is but)little enthusiasm manifested. Some Iot our farmers are still undecided, ;while others will plant a crop and jtrust to luck fur a profitable market'this fall. !wBest the earth produces and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.QtS2S3feQt3cSXSr:Sjpc2&sJD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.wOffice Opp. Postoffice. )f(Us(VSA P rticular Service For JParticular People. JKThey are pleased with our Alaundry work the rest of Wcourse. Systematic, thorough yffpainstaking work enables us ci'to get your laundry out the Vday we promise it, and its yfquality is guaranteed. Give cus a trial order. You'll not fregret it. fBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.The Old Wood Fire.Among the "old things that havepassed away"we may reckon the "fireon the hearth." But, in the days ofcur older people, the open fireplacewas the main comfoit of the home.After the evening chores were done,the father would bring in the greatbacklog coated with snow, often ofampler girth than himself, and fullybreast-high to him as he held it upright, canting it one way and another,walking it before him on its wedgeshaped end. He would perhaps standit against the chimney while he took abreathing spell and planned his campaign ; then the andirons were hauledforward on the hearth and the bed ofhalf burnt brands and live coals rakedopen, the joy log wa3 walked into thewide chimney, where a skillful turnwould lay it over, hiss and sputteringwith a cloud cf steam, in its bed of hotpmbers. It seemed a thing alive, andits vehement spattering and protestingmade a dramatic movement in thefamily life. The stout shovel andtong, or pcrbaps a piece of firewoodfor a lever would force it against tnechiirney back; thfii a good-sizeu stick,called a "fire-stick," was laid in froitand in the interspace sma ler stickswere crossed, thrust and piled, and allquickly kindled by the bed of coals andbrands. The flames went up the chimney throat with a roar, and the roomwas flouded with a glorious warmthand light, such as no other heating device could rival, or even approach. Invery cold weather a fire was kept allnight, some member of the familygetting up once or twice to replenishit. In warmer weather, a good heapof coals were drawn together and covered with adhes at bed-time, or thebacklog banked with ashes, and in themorning one had but to rake the embers out of the ashes and build thefire as before In mfcny families thefirfplaci served for cooking, and manya delicious meal has been served fromthe log-legged pots, spiders and baking kettles that were used or the bedof-glowing coals, ur draya from tjjeashes thews el ml where titty had beenbaked fceaatifaflaOhas, S. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.Stallion Advertising.In some of the Central Kentuckyexchanges the owners of stallions arealready setting forth the merits oftheir animals. There is no better medium in which to reach the farmersand breeders of this county than thecolumns of the News and the wise manwill not wait until the breeder hasmade up his mind to the matter. Wehave also a full line of new cuts, type,etc., for printing cards in the higheststyle of art.Prof. DeMoss Tenders His Resignation.Prof. William F. DeMoss, of Lexington, who was retained in his position as principal or Johnson hcnooi by dadicthe Board of Education a year ago in r AKI5,tne face of a concerted effort on thepart of several women teachers tohave him removed, has tendered hisrPsicrnnUnn tn fralrn ptYnnt. in .Tiitip. Tip. iMoss says that he has decided to enter! T I I 1 CsTTT T TWT f TITChicago University for a full college!... I J I I J Y II IJ JlV.J3 vJ W ...year. As a result of their efforts to - V Woust DeMoss several of theteachers lost their positions.KENTUCKY.Both 'Phones 14.womenAfter Many Years.In 1893 B. Whiton. who lived inNnrth Carolina was sentenced to behung for murder. This was commutedto thirty years imprisonment in thepenitentiary. He served two yearswhen he escaped. He came at once toKentucky and, under the name of SamJones, he went into the lumber business in Letcher county and amassedconsiderable property. He went toLexington the past week on businesswhere he was arrested and will be taken back to Nortn C-Frolina.. lie sayshe killed his nan over family troublesbut for years has been living the liteot a good citizen. He claims that anold friend that became angry with himrecently had betrayed him to the officers.Love for the Farm.An agricultural educational ' rallywill be held at Carlisle March IS underthe auspices of the Kentucky Educational Department and the Commissioner of Agriculture's office.Un tht program will be T V. Vinson, Assistant Superintendent of Instruction ; Miss Anna Hamilton, Deanof the Women at State University: 'T.J. Coats, State Rural School Supervisor; Dr. J. G. Crabbe, President ofthe Eastern Kentucky Normal School,and many of the county superintendents. The meeting will be the first gunfired by the educators of the state toiiduce the members of the next Legislature f pass a law to have agriculture taught in the public schools. The'thougkt is to make the farm attractiveto tke children .of the farmers, so that jcney wyi not aesire to sees: eaapioywent in the anttes.That I Build All Kids ofFEATHERS?I DO. I also buy and pay Fmore money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for all kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and Purs.BEEF HIDES. Until further'notice'I will pay you from7 1-2 cents to 8 cents per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St., Phone 374Paris, Ky.LAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TR'It may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families arc using successfully. We have scores of letters frommothersf and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark.f and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mentioa. The reason fhey prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a ratU, gwiWe laxative-tonic that docs not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin., You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample hottle. The, being coivinced, do as others are dwngand buy it in the regular way f yorfavorite druggist.For the llree sample address Dr. W.B Caldwell 4i2 Caldwell ;,Monticello, JH.- v,VU, , ' .M,fSSSkMi,w . 1wV -JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCfl 17, 1911.-J--BMaaHBBBIBaBHaHaHBBBBHnaBMBMBBHBBHHMHHBiu' i mm a i madau CAir lunninccin o aimual mnnun mle inuuuutoA CLEARING OF ALLODD PIECES:-'Vj''' ' v"I ''''''"(ij8Iii ijIIi!1sit BJIt's the Odd Pieces that get the deepest cuts and here comes a bunch that will be a great surprise to everyreader, but the greatest surprise will be when you see the quality of each article we mention here. Come andsee them, We like to prove all our statements. More of value for your money and little money needed inARCH'S ANNAUAL MARCH SALE!MWhite Enamel Iron BedWe have over one hundred patterns of Iron beds to select from, taken from a stock of oyertwo thousand beds. Our collection is one of the best that can be had, made up oi all the,flef ii lotacf ofowc rrm' nnr nfF pnmimr if vnn want to eret a bargain m a bed.A full-size White Enamel Iron Beb with one-inch tube and solid iron fillers. Sold regularlyfor $2.50. March's March Price98cA continuous Post Bed, white enamel finish in full and three-quarter size. Sold regularlyfor $5. March's March PriceGenuine Leather Mahogany Parlor Suit $39.95Upholstered in genuine leather, plain seat and tufted back, Brich Mahoganized frame, all steel coil, springs and steel construction. Always sellsfor $50. March's March Price$39During March'sMarch Salewe will prepay freight to Midway, Frankfort, Shelby ville,Lawrenceburg, Eminence, ParisMillersburg, Mays ville, Carlisle,London, Jackson, Clay City,Georgetown, Sadieville, Williamstown, Versailles, Nicholasville, Danville, Somerset, HighBridge, Winchester, Richmond,Mt. Sterling and all way stationsbetween these points.Railroad fare returned if yourpurchase amounts to $100 ormore.Brass Bed$12.75Two Inch Continuous Post BrassBed, full size. Arched head andfoot board, extra heavy angleirons, making it strong and durable, in satin, polished or silkfinish. If you are thinking ofbuying a bed don't let such anopportunity as this get awayfrom you. This bed always soldfor $20.00. March's March PriceSt$12.75enuinejCeatherCouch $2J. 50Golden Oak or Mahogany frame,solid steel construction, genuineleather, full tufted upholstering.Sold regularly for S30. March'sMarch Price21.50Hat Rack $10.50A beautiful line of Hat Racksand Hall Trees to make yourselections from in all woods andfinishes. The Hat Rack we offerfor $10.50 is made entirely ofQuarter Sawed Oak, Golden orEarly English finish, 14x24French Plate Beveled Mirrors,umbrella pan and box underseat. Sold regularly for $17.50.March's March Price$10.50Quarter Sawed Oak, Hall Setteeand Mirror to match. EarlyEnglish Finish. 18x30 FrenchPlate Beveled Mirror. Plain andneat design. Sold regularly for$30.00. March's March Price-$21.50CHI'sS3.98White Enameled Iron Crib, justthe kind for your baby. Dropsides, full fifty inches long andthirty inches wide. A Sold regularly for $6. March's MarchPrice$3.98Gate End Oak Or Mahogany Davenport$1 4.48Davenport, Early English or Mahogany, has the back supported by a section of the side which folds back in the rear, when let down it makes afull size bed and looks like one. It is made in Quarter Sawed Oak or genuine Mahogany front nicely finished. Is covered with best grade of ChaseLeateher and is full spring edge throughout. There is large wardrobe case underneath the seat and springs. Will cost you anywhere $27.50March's March Price $14.48fieaoy 2'ln. Post Brass Bed$875Heavy 2-inch Post Brass Bed, full size, five and seven fillers,ornamented post, satin or polished, gold finish laquer to prevent it from tarnishing. This bed is sold the country overfrom $15 to 18 , . MMarch's March Price $8.75March'sMarch SalePrepare Yourself, GoEarly, Get What YouWant and Save MoneyWission Library table $3.9$Wonders never cease. Particularly so when you can buy aMission Library Table for $3.98. Such bargains as we offer inLibrary Tables can only be picked up in a lifetime. This tableis made of American Quarter Sawed Oak, top full 42 incheslong and 28 inches wide, heavy 2-inch legs, book shelf andcne large drawer. This table sold for S7.March's March Price $3.98We will hold goods selected now at these special prices anddeliver later if desired.Railroad fare refunded if your purchases amount to $100 or more.GOOD CARPETS;iGOOD FURNITURE!HHLEXINGTON'S GREATEST RUG STORE!a MTM III. ',.' 7 -V rK" .. 'v jj.- ';THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 17, 1911ZmISPECIAL RUG SALE!Our offerings for March I include our entire stock at low pricesfor the purpose of advertising our Spring Stock.THit-VJ 15 '' ! iSc22;-iIngrain Art Rugs, 0x12 feet, $0.00 . $4.00Brussels Rugs 9x12 feet, $15.00 value, atonly $12.00Velvet Rugs, 9x12 feet, $22 00 value, atonly . - . 13.50Erussells Rugs, 9x12 feet, $20.00 value, atonly . . 15 OOVelvet Rugs, 9x12 feet. $18.00 value atonly $14. OOAxminster Rugs. 9x12 feet, $24.00 value atonly 19. SOBody Brussels. 9x12 feet. $27.00 value atonly i9TSWilton Rugs, 9x12 feet, 38.00 value, atonly. .... 2875LINOLEUMS AND MATTINGS.Imported LinoleumCork LinoleumImported Inlaid .33c I Chinese Matting, per yard75c$1.50 I Japanese Matting13c22cTHE NEW BETTER-VALUE STORE,E. H. WHEELER, Proprietor,ROBNEEL BUILDING. EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSiBase Ball Notes.President J. W. liacon, of the ParisBase Ball Club, is in receipt or threecontracts from Manager Ed McKernanof men who he recently signed. Theyare Hemerc P. Ashley, of Loui3ville,a left-handed pitcher and a good prospect: Earl Simon, catcher, a brotherof the Pirate backstop, and WalterMayer, of Cincinnati, also a catcher.McKernan think3 Mayer the best prospect in the Blue Grass League.Several other clubs havu been afterhim but he preferred to come to Paris.President Bacon has about closed ac'ealjfor the sale of "John Scott to ateam in the Southern MichiganLeague.President Bacon is making an effortto close a deal with the Minneapolisteam, champions of the American Association for a game here the latterpart of April. ,Twenty four uniforms for the use ofthe Bourbonites at homa and abroadhave arrived and one each of the roadand home suits are now on display inthe show window of G. S. Varden &Son. The new uniforms are of the !very latest designs, low collars andshort sleeves, and were furnished bythe A. :G. Spalding Company. Thehome suits are of a white materialwith the letter "P " in olack set in adiamond of the same color on thesleeves and on the left of the shirtfront, while the uniforms to be worn Iby the Paris team while fion the roadare of the same zolor as those of lastyear with "Paris" across the shirtfront. The caps are black witli theletter "P." in white on each and thestockings are of tne same color withwhite bars.Will Return in Time for Franklin Court.A dispatch from Frankfort says:"Circuit Judge Robert L. Stout hassufficiently recovered his health andstrength to be able to hold the Aprilterm of the Franklin Circuit Court.Circuit Clerk Ben Marshall has received a letter from Judge Stout in whichhe said he would return from Floridain time to be here on the first Mondayin April and open the April term asusual."Judge Stout was seized with typhoid fever while at Paris lastNovember and has been too weak to hold aterm of court since that time. He hasbeen in Florida for about two monthsand his strength has gradually been restored till now he is practicaly wellagain."Will Can Tomatoes.The lower end of the county in theneighborhood of Abners Mills, is on aboom, says the Carlisle Advocate. C.F. Fisher has equipped a canning factory and will can about 30,000 cans oftomatoes this ye3r. The firm of J. F.Standford & Son has installed a broomfactory and will begin operations atonce. It is the" intention of the farmers in this section to grow broomcorn and raise tomatoes and let tobacco alone.AMUSEMENTS.THE COMET.A Lubin and.Biograph picture will bethe offering at the Comet this afternoon and evening. The Biograpb, fc'AChild's Stratagem," is a beautiful picture. The title of the Lubin is "TheMusical Ranch.THE GRAND.The two vaudeville acts at the Grandtonight and tomorrow night come highly recommended. Paul Gordon, comedywire artist, is said to be a scream,while jWillard & Mitchell, a cleversinging and talking team, will fill thedouble part of the bill. Two new leelsof pictures, "Under the Old AppleTree" and "Two Sisters" will be presented."Pop" Harnett, the star initial isacker of the Blue Grass League, has Isigned his contract for the coming season which has been received by Presidpnt Bacun. In a letter to the head ofthe Paris Club Barnett said he was inbetter condition than ever at this season of the year and will be ready whenthe bell calls the Bourbonites to thepost.President J. W. Bacon has receiveda contract from the Minneapolis Clubof the American Association for exhibition games in Paris on April !0and 31. The Minneapolis club, whichwas the winner of the pennant lastyear in the Association, includes suchplayers as Rube Wadell, Nick Althrockand Hub Dawson, a former memher ofthe Richmond club, and a Blue GrassLeague product.Stallion Sold. jE. K. Thomas & Son sold Tuesdayto O. D. Proctor, of adairsville, Ky.,the splendid three-yeai-old stallion,Sir Beverly by Bourbon King, damSelina, by Bourbon Chief, for $1,500.Sir Beverly promises to develop intoone of the greatest show horses inKentucky.Spring Opening.Don't forget the date of our SpringDisplay of fine millinery which v. ill beon Thursday, March 23. We will showthe ladies of this se&tion some rareParisian models to select from. Nomatter what'your spring suit is we canplease you with a hat suitable to gowith it and won't take all 3ou have tzpay for it either.17 2t MRS CORNE W. BA1RD.You and Your Dealer.Stand by your "local merchants,patronize the stores in your own town.Don't be tempted by catch-penny bargains to sen I your money flying-NaIIover the country ;keep it in circulationin your own neighborhood. When yousee advertised something that youwant, ask your dealer to get it for youor to write for samples. But alwaysbuy the goods themselves throughyour home store. By doing this youwill benefit three parties.MATRIMONIAL.I Curt Williams, the southpaw whoi was with tiie Hustlers the latter part iof Ia3t season, ,haH sent in his signedcontract. There arejnow about fifteen1'iujua uuiiiua 3jk"cu lu ti jijuiiesieicontracts, and Manager Coleman 'writes that he soon will secure theservices of three other men, a pitcher,cather and first baseman.I"Sudds" Baird. the third basemanof the Richmond club, last year, pass- 'i ed through Paris Tuesday enroute to 'I Richmond to report for the early train-1ing. Baird looked to be in excellentcondition physically and said he is i.anxious for the base ball season to be. t'in.We'll gladly arrange terms of payment to suit you on whatever Furniture and Housefurnishings you may need.This little payment plan of ours makes the furnishing of your homereadily possible.It's the way to solve your home-furnishing problem.Kentucky's Tobacco Crop.I A dispatch from Washington states ,that Kentucky, according to the reportof the Department of Agriculture.produced in 1910 081,024.000 pounds of tobacco or 38.7 per cent of all the tobacco raised in tne United States. Thiswas the.banner crop of the Kentuckygrowers, whose production in the lastfive years has increased as follows:1000,252,300,000 .pounds; 1907, 240,-.37S.00O pounds- 1908, 195.(100,000pounds; 1909, 350,S00,000 pounds; 1910,381,000,000 pounds.Increase in TrafficThe local freight and passenger de-1partments of the Louisville & Nash-!ville Railroad is feeling the effects ofthe strike of the firemen on the Queen I& Crescent route according to the'statement of the officials here, in thatthere has h'-pn a substantial increasein rh vol'im" of'freight and passengerj tratli- tniuiih and from this city sinceJ th striU u:i; inaugurated. Since thefirst if Mai eh it is said business ineach uepirtmtT.l hus increased morethan one-third.DEATHS."The Dollar Princess" at Lexmgton."I ho Dollar Princess, "the beautifulViennese musical comedy, comes tothe Lexington Opera 'House Monday,March 20, for two performances, matinee and night. The company is underth:i management of Mr. Charles Frohman, and numbers nearly one hundredpeople with a magnificent scenic production, and with a special augmentedorchestra. 'I his musical comedy ranten months at the KnickerbockerTheatre, New York. The music of the"Dollar Princess" is almost worthy ofa place in grand opera.,. The lyrics areextremely graceful and melodious,and "The Dollar Princess Waltz" isfast becoming recognized as a successor to the famous "Merry WidowWaltz" "The Dollar Princess' is fullof lunmakers, and each of its chai: -tersseems to be the funniest fehyou have ever met until the next onecomes on the stage. Their humor isnot of the slap stick sort, but is extremely merry and witty. The piece,through its music and dances and refined merriment, has a universal appeal. One of the prettiest chorusesthat have ever been seen in Lexingtonwill be seen with this company. Thegowns alone in the piece are said tohavp cost thirty-five thousand dollars,ami it is quite the most extravagantlystaged piece Mr. Frohman has eversent out. Owing to the melodiousscore, special care has been taken byMr. Frohman to secure gills with goodvoices.Mr. Edward F. Smart and MissMaude Eu. Kaysp, both of Gerogetown, were united in marriage at theresidence of the officiating minister.Rev. Dr. U. M. Shive, on Duncanavenue, Wednesday afternoon. Theywere accompanied by Mr. Herman T.Kayse, a brother of the bride and hiswife.Dr. B. M. Shive united ;n marriage at the home of the bride's father, Mr. Edward Tapp.on Eighth street.Miss Fannie B. Ttpp and Mr. JamesDalzell. tfThe following marriage licenseswere issued this week by County ClerkPaton: Mr. Newton Lindsley and MissRose L. Cramer; Benj. N. Shropshireand Miss Louise Huffman: Mr. ChasGarrison and Miss Daisy D. Porter.Private Mail Boxes Necessary.Private mail boxes mii3t be provided at all resdiences and places uf business where mail is delivered by carrieror the delivery of the mail will be discontinued after June 30 under a lawpassed by the last Congress and whichis effective in Paris as much as anywhere else. Many residents of thiscity have already placed suitableboxes at their homes or places of business for receiving the mail, but underthe new law all will have to drovideboxes. The bill was originally drawnto becomejeffective Decembei 31, 1910,but its passage was delaved and it wasnmp..'.. 1 o June 30, 1911.G. J. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting- yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building".920 Main St., 'Phones 586.v f ? ? f I ?t I $? & $ ! ?f f- ' "I '! ! vi ' &? -1 t ?& f ?4GARDEN TOOLS.&wiQi i PSWmM-X5i? VM.IMcJJlUHiffTI Iwmflrw mSUJj.l gjMrs Willa MefTord FyfFe. aged jseventy-three years, died in Maysvillethis week after a prolonged illness. 'She was born in Mason county in lS'SS.She was the mother of Hon. J. P.Fyfl'e, Chief of Police of Panama, and 'two sisters, Mrs. Belle Brady, ofMaysville, and Miss Ada MefFord, ofi Azusa, Cal. Her husband. ColonelJohn r. i1 yite, died iorty-seven years' ago.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESBefore buying inspect our line of dependablegarden tools. We will save you money onHigh Grade Spading ForksAll Steel RakesLight & Heavy Garden Hoes4 Marking and Onion HoesTi Firstclass handles for above tools always in4 stock.Lawn- Garden and Farm' Fencing. Neat Strong andS Durable..A Nice Kitchen Cabinet isWhat You Want, $8.75mlfn tiSolid OakRockerJust Like Cut.Very Low Priceson Brass and IronBeds$1.75 up to $32.00.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Third Sts.CHLS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseUParis, KentuckyJSTALLIOiNS ADVERTISED.Attention is directed to ISie following stalliors advertised on anotherpage of tl is issue :' W. A. Bacon Lccanda, 2:02.! W. A. Dtoon Norab, 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling lliikson Blcck I'rince.' Sterling llir kson Burley.! CARLISLE COURT. The Advo'cate repmts the Carlisle court as follows: "A fair sized crowd was intown Monday. Not many cattle on themarket, a few sows and pigs, a number of medium grade mules and only afew extra nood horses. 11. N. Rankiusold ; mules at S200 each; cne baymare at $275, and one bay horse at$135. Sows and pigs bold tiom &() to$45."C. L. llyley. of Versailles, is backfrom San Juan, Porto Rico, where hewent to attend the Insular Fair. Mr.Ryley exhibited six trotting horses atthe fair, winning twelve first premiums, twelve second and six thirdprizes. He sold all of his horse berore leaving the island. Mrs. JosephAI. Garrett anil Derrill W. Hart, ofWoodford county who sent poultry toI the Porto Rican fair, and, CharlesFord, who made an exhibit of Tam-1 worth hogs, all won blue ribbons onj their entries.Price and Quality Guaranteed.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky,,9.;-.'9-k.-9.-'-4.T-4.9-!..V h & $ f t i fo h i rf k T t i T 1 $ $ 3 3Public Sale of House and LotHaving rented a farm in Clark Count , I will sell, without reserve orby-bid, onThursday, March 23, 1911,at 2 p. m.f on the premises, on South Main street, Paris, Ky., my cottage,containing four rooms, hall, pantry, two porches and electric light. Lot.iOxlB." feet to a 15 fooc alley. Water in yard, stable, hen-house, coalhouse, etc. NThis property is in excellent repair, being newly painted and papered,and conveniently situated, in a splendid neighborhood, on the car line andwithin a short distance of the new L. & N. Yards, and will make a very desirable home or investment. Don't forget the date.TERMS: Liberal and made known on day of sale.JOS. HOUSTON.For further information, call On Harris & Speakes, real estate dealers,PARI3..KYiGeo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; MARCH 17, 1911;Mb H'JURBON NEWS.! personal mention.Horse Runs Away.FIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TlMrDressed Fish.? J Becoming frightened at an approach-Mr. Wm. Taylor is ill with lagrippe. i ing automobile a horse belonging tomibb fri.. D-. u - i Mr. 1 nomas Buckner ran away Wed-friendi in 1 Sim ,? Bebvry 1S v,s,ting ' nesday afternoon completely demolish-tnendb in X'nBton. , ing the venicle t0 which it was hitched, Mrs. E. J. Stevens, of Paducah, is before the animalcould be stopped.trie guest of Mrs. Walter Clark. ' The horse collided with the deliveryMr inn .. . . , . - .. wagon of Logan Howard, overturningandMrvfeT,;heda"ght0-,,Mr-: the : vehicle. The horse also collidedjand Mrs. . F. Turner, is quite ill. :ru n hnwtx nnA un ho;nfr ArV(,n-Mm. J. 0. Marshall, of this city, ! by Mr. D. G. Taylor throwing theis visiting relatives in Cvnthiana. ! equipage on top of the maddened ani-every day.-resh dressed salmonr ne m your oruer.T. LENIHAN.Miss Van Greenleaf, of Richmond,j is the guest of Mrs. E. M. Dickson.' Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry have astheir guest Mr. J. F. Henry, of Mo, bile, Alabama.deliver ( i,ltia c-,r,Qi tj,.i, ,i .m uv.6v. uaiuui;i AXLiiitca iiu mari mal -and wrecking the buggy. Mr.Taylor escaped with a slight shakingup. Before the horse could resume itsflight he was caught by bystanders.Lecture at Ruddles Mills.j jer Carey E. Morgan will.ectures on his tour of the Holy I v ,-Tnn1.1 ,r rim RnrlHloa MSII- nu-i ! . ney Onlh nn thp PVPnintre of MokU on oi I nere yesterday2i. Mrs. Sallie Current is critically illDt.rfe n OaAirrA d-v at ner nome on HX2n street and is notRugs at Keduced Prices. i expected to recover...rgo Axininstcr rug? floor sizpj -J. R. Bcgge, a farmer of thevla.o dmiiK A. F. Wheeler's Hutchison precinct, died Tuesday atweeks March bale. :j tf . the age of J5 year?.- The Ladies Auixliary of the A. O.H. will have a meeting Mondav evening at 7:30 o'clock at the Elks' HallrBrussells Rugs.During A. F. Wheeler's March Sale,v f ,:,:, w V i . curing a. r. wneeier s Marcn JsaieSwC ' a"ended court 9xl2 Brussells Rugs will be offered forAngel Food Cakas.. ave your order early for one of-t; 25 or oO cnt angel food rakes.C. P. COOK & CO..$13.75.tfStonedWrafed CakesThey Sweeten (he Discosinun ui iu nuuie i aimiy.A Scientific Combination of IAll That's Good. IUI j . tir nTiiduueu in wax rayer mI Packages.So to eliminate all that'sbad.lfFJCmBQOI OINEVERmmResidence Sold at Auction.Mrs. Kate George has returned toher home in Carlisle after a visit withAwarded Brick Contract. ,2r mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Gregory.jert George, of Carlisle, has been ' Mr. John Lytlp is in Louisville-..rded the bride work on the new where he. hns nofpnioil nndtin q... nne bhoo and round house to btfi night clerk at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, i-ted bv the L. &. N. in tlu mwmayor j. l. limton lett Tuesdayfor a two weeks' stay at ! Martinsville. IIndiana, for the benefit of his health.Dr. Raymond McMillan a studentuc tue ijuuibvuie uentai .ouege.is tneguest of his mother, Mrs. Sallie McMillan.in tris city.Auctioneer George D. Speakes soldyesterday at public auction for Mrs.Rachel Barlow, her brick residence onHigh street to Mr. J. H. Haggard for$3.425.The Great North Star,j As'usual this great refrigerator isto the front and ahead of all would-be1 competitors. The government's choicej absolutely the best refrigerator, made. Guaranteed. A big stock now(at1 J. T. HINTON'S.t GSeed Potatoes.potatoes, all kinds of garden.n package or bulk and white oatust received. Both phones.LINKS' GROCERY.Military Pickles.Something new and good.C. P. COOK & CO.Called Meeting.here will be a called meeting ofjeur de Lion Commmandery onlarch 20 at 7 o'clock p. m. for woik.i the order of the Temple. All Sir--.ijrhts are requested to attend.HomeMade Sorghum.V'e have just received another barrel of that ine home-mada sorghum,t'none your order early as it will gojfc-t.M21 SALTER.Tobacco Beds Ruined.Two tobacco plant beds of RobeitJaviland in Harrison county, were de-troyed Tuesday night. Mr. 'Haviland ,s an independent grower, and opposed iiJ: 1911 cut out plan. Other beds also ,ere reported ruined by being sown intimothy seed.For That Boy oi Yours. (Djrahle suits of serge, cheviot in 'rrey and tan, and worsted at S5 to '.2-12.50. Look them over. !J. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr. C. D. Young, of Delaware,Ohio, has returned to his home after ashort visit with Mrs. C. N. Fithian, of jthis city.Mrs. S. M. Smith is seriously illat Christ's Hospital in Cincinnati, andit will be necessaryjfor ler to be operated upon immediately.j Mrs. Harry Current, formerly ofthis city, underwent a uurgical operation in Richmond at the Gibson Hos-pitai, tins weeic anu is doing nicely.I Mr. W. E. Simms, of Fayettecounty, formerly of Paris, was operated on at the Good Samartian Hospital,Lexington, Tuesday. for appendicitis.Carlisle Advocate: "Miss Elizabeth Howell has gone to Paris to remain a montn at the home of Mrs.Simms Wilson during her absence inOklahoma."Messrs. Fay Ardery, Hugh and W.K. Ferguson, Quincy Ward, ErnestMartin and Miller and Maurice Burnaugh attended a dance given by theCynthiana Dancing Club Wednesdaynight.i Misses Mattie and Ruby Stivers,j Elizabeth Beddinger. Juilet Gaines, .; Allie Grasty and Lydia Eversole, of jLexington, and Alice and Leona' Hughes, of Muir, will arrive today co 'assist General and Mrs. Louis Mussi-Frame House Destroyed by Fire. , non at lheir reception tomorrow.I c;Cottage Sold.A. W. Cottingham, acting as agentfor Mrs. Tingie, of Paris, purchasedof James Moreland. his cottage atSixteenth and Main streets. PriceS3, 710. Mrs. Tingle will move to theproperty. The sale was made by Harrias & Speakes,the real estate agents.This property was sold publicly March7 to Mrs. Charles R. Turner, but thedeal was not consummated, and theproperty was sold privately as statedabove.Three More Taken.Constable G. N. McKenney arrestedAbe Evans, Woodford Smith andGeorge Davis, all colored, as threemore participants in the crap gamewhich was raided in Ruckerville Sunday nighr. In Squire Fretwell's courtyesterday Evans, who was chargedwith conducting the game was held tothe grand jury in the sum of $200,while Smith and Davis were fined $20and costs each.For the Little FellowAt two o'clock Monday morning aframe house of seven rooms, on the ifarm of Air. J. N. Mason, on the from I to S years we have someThatcher's Mill pike, was destroyed beautiful wash suits in gallate andbj lire. The house is unoccupied and madras in Rusian and sailor blouse,it is thought was set on fire by a ' Come and see them.tramp who had prepared to shelter in J. W. DAVIS & CO. 'it for the night. The house was in- IMired for $700 in the agency of Thomas Contracts for Brick Work.& oodford, of Paris.Mr. George Determan.the brick con- jRre and Tornado InsranrP.ract"r',h.been. awarded the contract- - - - - - - - mm -mm m vv f TnT" Til! nT"irLr 1UHPL- in ma. JA Villi WAJWft "WUV 111 VlWant Body Left at fiardstown.A movement by the Daughters ofthe American Revolution to protestaganist the removal of the hody ofJohn Fitch, regarded as the first inventor of the steamboat, from its resting place in the cemetery at Bardstown, haslheen inaugurated and'promis-1 es to become State-wide.A bill now is pending in the Connecticut Legislature providing for the ji removal oE Fitch's body to that statej for. burial. He died and was buried in 'I Bardstown more than a 100 years ago. Jj It is said Fitch died of a broken heart iI bf cause his invention was appropriat-, ed by another man, after he had spent 'years of experimenting with models on iI Town Creek, at Bardstown. ;JUJU4Have wc had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautif ul'inFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized foulards, - rMadras, Lawns,White Goods,t Embroideries,Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.Never have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearing is believing.Come in any time noobligation-ViclroIaX - $75.00IW. Ed. Tucker.FEES"ICutTRateCash'iSpecialsOnion Sets5c qt.BBHBHSijf Seed PotatoesBurbanks and Snowf lakes$1 btgshelThe latest mode on exhibition inour Show Window.Daugberty DwsILbtf Thomas & Woodford.Low Crown Wide Brim DerbiesSo popular on Fitfh avenue shouldbe popular on Mam street here. Weave them from Stetson and Knox. $l;-nd .$5.J. W. DAVIS & CO."Top 0' the Morniir."and repairing ofon Main street.in the remudelingthe Singer buildingInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfwith those!cauls thatSpring Shirts.iTrice & Co., clothiers, are showing)a large line of new patterns in men's 'shirts at SI and the reliable Price shirt Jat SI. 50.Caster Sale. jMr. James McCIure. a3 agents for . r ,.. ,,,,..:;' , u". :n u' 1,1!u:u Qnlllo nml F1nrpna I nol-hnrt i-ii.y ui uic ymi'i.ii uiuiui, will uuiuurchased of Mr. John C. Morris, hisRemember your friendshandsome St. Patrick postre on sale by thePAPJS BOOK CO.Buys Farm.iarm of 303 acres five miles fromParis on the Clay & Riser pike, and ik'ets immediate possession of all butrhp residence and fifty acrps of grass 'ijnd, which Mr. Morris will retain fort te year. The pi ice paid was $100 piracre equivalent to cash. Mr. Morris'Mects to buy a residence and vill(acte in Paris.Four Hundred in Use.1 ham are over four hurdred NorthMar refrigerators in ue in Bourboniinty. Why; Because they are thean Easter sale on April 15 of ediblesof all kinds. The place where the salewill take place will be announcedlater.Lively Convention Expected.As if anticipating a long drawn oucontest for the Republican nominationfor Raliroad Commissioner irom theThird Kentucky Railroad District,Green Garrett, of Winchester, one ofthe candidates, was in Paris Tuesdayand engaged a suiteTheParisMillinery: DisplayOur display this seasonof Paris Models in Millinery we believe willsurpass any that wehave heretofore shown.The Date for the Opening isMarch 23All the Ladies Are Invited toAttend.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.FOR SALE.THE NORTH STARRefrigeratorThe Best That Isw J -k - A ool-? 4-you under aoabsolute guarantee,Corked Lined, p.jHBgfBQ rCases made inbest Solid Oak.Not imitation.Removable Ice Racks.Removable Drain Pipes.Cork Lined.An eleagnt Brussels carpet.imaged a suite of sixteen rooms. , ne,VT4niTPn7-ffRPiJwconvention, which meets in, MKb. bhK I I.U DEHORS V,. on May 3, promises to bring "-' HighalmosttoELL,street.t made and are sold on an abslolute ' together the biggest crowd of Ken-jarantee.Ask your neighbor.J. T. HINTON.Lost Turkey.tobblar,sonableA fancy Bronze turkeyw-ighs about 27 pounds. Rer ward forTeturn.C. P. COOK & CO.tucky Republicans that will gather to-j geth? r m the state this year, exceptI inir the Republican State convention,i The nomination for Railroad Comi missioner being equivalent to an elecj tion in tne Thiid District, the scram- 'ble to get the job among a half dozent pi eminent candidates promises to be a !i hot alfair from start to finish. 'Kills Plavmate.Lafayette Flantroy, agea 12 years,s ot and killed his playmate, MonroeS larks, aged 14 years, at Little RockMonday. The boy playfully pointed ahotcun at his companion and withoutMillinery Display.Our Millinery Emporium on the 23rdof March will be a veritable fairylandfor the ladies of Bjurbon. The mostexouisite hats ever exhibited in thisBarber Shop for Sale.Good trade, good location. For information call at 120 East Tenthstreet, near L. & N. depot.BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, placa it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 inch 3m E. T. phone 65(..nriwh'ricrp nf thp wpaivm iMiittaininc a ' paction will be on display. The Col-'ad, pulled the trigger, the contents lapsible Hats, the new Helmet Hats,entering Sparks' back, death resulting the Aeroplane and the large Summernstantly. Both were colored. Coro- patterns will be shown. An invitationner Uludoluh Davis held an inquest 1 is extended to every laoy to attend.over the body, tne jury exoneratingI lantroy.MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.See Us First.If you will call en us on March 23'wi will show ycu something in hats jt'at will certainly catch your tye.Remember too you won't nave tomortage your home to pay for it eith-'r. Call in and have a look, the hats Iili sell themselves.MRS. CORNE W. BARD. ,Refrigerators. !The spring showing of refrigeratois jring our luarcn aaie win oe one uj.fr feature and the reduced prices will' a e them more nrnc'ive.- tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Paynter Will Announce thisWeek.Senator Thomas H. Paynter was inthe -city Wednesday afternoon enrouteto Frankfort. In a statement SenatorPaynter said he would this week formally announce his candidacy for theDemocratic nomination for "re-electionas United States Senator from Kentucky , and expressed confidence in being able to carry eight cf the elevendistricts in the State.Senator Paynter stopped off in Paristo attend to some private businessmatters. While here he was kept busyshaking hands with the people and thereception tendered him was'very cordialFor Sale Privately.I I will sell privately my cottage oni Mt. Airy. This cottage is in good repair, has all modern improvements andt is now rented to good paying tenant.Any one wishing to purchase 'can calli on me at my business house on Mainstreet before March 2o.MRS. M. PATON.The North Star is an Ice Saver. A cheap refrigerator wastes enoughice in a year to nearly buy a refrigerator. The North Star is approved bythe U. S. Government. Do you know of another that is? The North Star isnot lined with pulverized charcoal and rags, called mineral wool. The NorthStar is Corked Lined. Cork is the best non.canductor. The North Staris a health preserver.THENORTHSTARIS THEBEST. .If you want cheaperones we have thembut buy the best.e Vt A til HBBb. t gar a whwhw ".PfHHjH.vg?lNOW is the time to buy WALL PAPER.T0B4CC0 TENANT WANTEDWe want a tobacco tenant to growten acres of tobacco on the shares.Good land with three mum house, neardepot and only seven miles from Paris.Good ranee for p ultry. Cal! phone4 o r 33, Paris - lu 3Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.iJ. T. HINTON9 : tSIwaSHe, i. -I, PARIS, KENTUCKY; MARCfc 17, 1911.mmmmmmmmmmmmmm80,000 Tons of Dutch Cheese.The production of cheese in Hollrnuis a large Industry. The latest figuresshow its annual production to amountto 170,000,000 pounds. In addition tothe purity mark the cheese will bemarked to show where and when itwas made and stamped or labeled.(n Kansas."Darn thoso automobiles !" said theKansas Farmer. "Bother you much?ti A Good Thing toasked the tourist. "I sh'd .say so.Wen a feller sees a funnel shapedcloud comin' down the pike he don'tknow whether to run fer a gun of acyclone cellar." Toledo Blade.PEOPLE LIVE IN THE CAFES.HOMES IN ATHENSAs a Rule They Are Clean, butBare and Comfortless.Curtis ,& Overby,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford3 Oliairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The- Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.iSttttHgHyvijkFollow the advice of yourpoultry journal. Build housesand sheds as they recommendthe result of practical exprienceand expert knowledge and thechances are ten to one that yourpoultry will bring better returns.We have the Lumber, Sash andMaterial which they specify.WE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SHSHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FOR(MISBiAmatiteRoofing. Ij TEMPLIN LUMBER CO. jA KThis shows the Sliding CordBack which makes Shirley President Suspenders the most comfartable and durable.SHIRLEYPRESIDENT SUSPENDERSare necessary to your comfort for dress wear, business or hard work. After a few days' wear youwill wonder why you ever wore the ordinarykind.Made in three weights to suit all occupationand in extra leaf ths for tall men.bold by your dealers or trom factory at 5JCSigned Guarantee on every pairTHE C. A. EDGARTON MFG. CO.333 MAIN STREET, 5HIRLEY, flASS.kORKCINALETYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship aro DisplayedIn Our Work.An individuality ditti)njui.he$ our Jlomt-incuts from all otlicr.-s, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams tf Son,1 42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Still Going On!Don't Forget theCash-Raising SaleIs Still Going on atTwinBroClothing and Shoe Department.Harry Simon's Old Stand,.&SAS.KAWhen They Do Get Into Their HousesTheir Principal Occupation Is Looking Out of the Windows The Marriage Customs of Greece.Home life in Greece, particularly InAthens, is peculiar. It might almostbe said that there Is no such thing.In Mr. Duckett Ferriman's book on"Greece and the Greeks" the mannersand customs of the picturesque Hellenes, which are little known to theaverage English reader, are describedat length. Mr. Ferriman states thatthe Greeks do not know anythingabout the art of making a home."One may meet with exquisite cleanliness," he writes, "with beautifullyembroidered bed linen scented withrosemary, but never with what wemean by coziness. The Greeks are farless In their houses than Ave are, andwhen they are at home they appear tospend most of their time in lookingout of the window. They are not givento inviting 'their friends to theirhouses. It is not that they are niggardly, for tliey will gladly entertainyou at a restaurant at far greater costto themselves. But it does not enterinto thelr ideas to ask you home todinner, even after an acquaintance ofmany years."They do not ask each other, so itcan hardly be expected that theyshould make an exception in the caseof foreigners. The cafe is a secondhome to them. There they meetfriends and gossip. That is one reasonperhaps why they dislike country life."It offers no alternative to the home;there the hearth is the social center,while in town it is the cafe. In Athensthose who do not own the house theydwell in seldom remain long in thesame abode. Two or three years isquite a long tenure. Many peoplemake a point of moving every year."The imposing facades of Athenianhouses conceal, for the most part, ahare and comfortless interior, and awell kept garden is rare. A garden isnot made in a year, and a person whochanges his residence every twelvemonths does"not want to be troubledwith much furniture, nor is lie particular as to its arrangement, seeingthat it will be carted away in a fewmonths."Ilome life has no resources for theGreeks, as it has for us. It affordsthem little occupation and no amusement. They like to eat and drink incrowds, where there is noise and movement. Their instincts are too gregarious to allow them to appreciate thedomestic intimacy which we prize."The day chosen for marriage inGreece is usually Sunday, but the dayof all dajs in the year is the Sundaypreceding the Christinas feast. It isnot fashionable now to be married Inchurch. In Athens the ceremony takesplace In the house of the bride's parents. A temporary altar is set up inthe middle of the room."At the conclusion of the ceremonythe priest and the couple join handsand walk three times round ihe altar,the guests pelting them with comfits.The most important part of the ceremony Is the crowning of the bride andbridegroom with wreaths of orangeblossom; hence a wedding is popularly called 'the crowning.'"Love marriages are rare exceptions.The match is made by the parents andrelatives rather than by the partiesprincipally concerned. There are certain established usages which, thoughnot legally binding, are not to be contravened with impunity."Then it is considered wrong forbrothers to marry until their sistershave been wed. Again, girls mustmarry in order of seniority. It wouldnot be right for a girl to be marriedwhile she had an elder sister who remained single. The men of a familyare thus naturally anxious to see theirsisters settled, and as a dowry is indispensable its provision is often amatter of serious anxiety and the fruitof great self denial on the part of thebrothers if the parents are dead."There are cases in which brother!have remained unmarried for yearsand have devoted all their hard earnedsavings to the dowries of their sisters.Among the poorer classes emigrationis resorted to. not infrequently solelywith this object, and many a dowrycomes to a Greek maiden from acrossthe Atlantic."Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions,pure drugs andprompt service.Harden & Son.DruggistJlnnk LatighornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglOlfEast Tenn. Phone GG9Remember.Special Low Pricesinow on wm1 TOBACCO COTTON. ITWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky:&&-Sl!iSS!lfSAtDon't 'et this mostdestructive of allinfectious diseasesget a "grip" onyour flock.A few drops ofHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold hathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Bbo..dON POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, Llrobcrneck, Roup and otherexisting forms of poultry diseases, and putsfowls in prime condition for egg-laying.One 50c bottle makrs 12 gallons of medicine.Ever pink v raider ihoi:M keep a bottlef thj i:u '? ' . ' i Inrd.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.ocWautfProfessional CardsHarry E. Mathers,;dentist,Opposite Frank & Co.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Offers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.What Was Lacking.The ITobo Please, mum, I'm a sickman. De doctor gimme dis medicine,but I needs assistance in takin' it. TheLadyPoor fellow! Do you want aspoon and a glass of water? The nobo No. mum; I wouldn't trouble yer.But dis medicine has to be took beforemeals, nave yer got a meal handy?Cleveland Leader.Fame.Fame is easily acquired. All youhave to do is to be in the right placeat the right time and do the rightthing in the right way and then advertise It properly. ruck.Ennui.Tommy-Pop. what is ennui? Tommy's Pop Ennui, my son, is a diseasethat attacks the people who are solazy that they get tired of resting.Philadelphia Record.Death expecteth thee everywheree wise, therefore, and expect deatljvery where. Quarles.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Lumber M'f q Company,PARIS, KY.IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most Remarkable $Dndurance Feat of the Season of 1910.A stock car left Quebec, Canada, June 6thr and after an uninterruted jurney of 4,128 miles,arrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.One of the first of the 1911 models to reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger "Suberban," won a unique distinction by theLongest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom.The motor was started December 2nd, and was run continuously, not even stopping whenthe car was at rest taking on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,974.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had placedthe figures at a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record was 10,S72 miles. The run was under theauspices of the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night.Flanders Cars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual running'expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent, per mile. For sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co..w . - yrvf- 7 i;r1rs7 ,''V-"X''dl.y - r.7fr"fejfe--?A-1r:"YBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anyvtjige permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingred-t-nts.To prove it we' will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,aching; humors, swellings, mucuspatches, hone pains.offensive pimplesr eruptions, take B. B. B. (Botanici?lood Balm.) All sympthoms healq iickl . Blood is mase pure and richt .mpletely changing the entire bodynto a clean, healthy condition, healmff every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstt s:e of blood poison. Druggists or by. presb, 1 per large bottle, with dfjvtions for hoxae cure. Samples-nt free by writing Blood Balm Co.,rlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleind free"? medical advice given.old bv Varden & Son.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCEFrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c..r-Tonc undine .1 gketch nnd description mayV Jv rjirort'iiti our opinion free whether anr'! unn is probably patentable Oommuniai.i.vF'r.ctljmKfldcmlnl. HANDBOOK on I'ntcnta'i f nv. Oldest nzency for eecunnjr patents.ri'on'5 taksn through 31unn & Co. receivetfirii! no'icc, without cbnnrc. In the$ClettflfiC flttieiiCan. 'A handsome!" illustrated weekly. Jircest ir-ati'Mi f nnr rienUlle Journal. Twins. ?3 atr: f-ir months, $L Sold uyall newsdealer.MUNNSCo.361Bro2d New YorkBranch OHicc. G25 F SU WashiUKton, I). CMISS JESSIE BROWN 1Art Embroidery ,Materials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Fruit and ShadeTrees Strawbery Plants,11Asparagus, Blackberries, Rasp ;berries, Roses, Rhubarb, Etc. j'write for Free Catalogue. We)Have no Agents.!i. P. HILLENMEYER & SONS, !Lexington, Ky.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of I per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Buildinc, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.IjJBjraOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.AVe hare made extra ctfortsthis season f reach tht idea ofevery woman and feel confidenta your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. One Wsm BaW.Not a Word of Scandalmarred the call of a neighbor on Mrs.W. P. Spaugh, of Manville, vVyo.,who said: "She told me Dr. King's!New .Life Pills had cured her of obstinate kidney trouble, and made herfeel like a new woman." Easy, butsure remedy for stomach, liver andkidney troubles. Only -2oc at Ober-dorfers."I had been givenup to die by threeof our best doctors,I could not stand it to be on myfeet and I was so swelled in theabdomen I could hardly breathe.But thanks to Dr. Miles' HeartRemedy and Nervine I am able tobe about the streets, a walking advertisement of the curative qualities of your remedies, although Iam 70 years old."John R. Cochran,Lewistown, III.Better than any statement wecould make regarding the value ofDr. Miles' Heart Remedyarc these words of Mr. Cochran.He speaks from experience, thehighest possible source of knowledge. If you have any of thesigns of a weak heart, such aspain in the left shoulder or arm,fainting and hungry spells, shortness of breath, smothering spells,j fluttering or palpitation of the heart,I you needDr. Miles' Heart Remedywhich for over twenty years hasbeen recognized as the best preparation of its kind to be had.Sold under a guarantee assuring thereturn of the price of the first bottle if itfails to faenef t. AT ALL DRUGGISTS.MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.MARTIN BROEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of Ail Kinds.We Make a Specialty ofHauling Tobacco.Up-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronaere solicited.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 314 Main Street.Office Phones jome136.13(5.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis,KentuckyJ J. WIIjIjIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.Special WinterTourist TicketsVIAi On Sale Daily to Points ini) Alabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida. Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Ten nc3 bee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe "West, South West andNorthwest; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, rotes, fcc, calloa iw-itt 'W. H. MARBf S, Afwtr . I. WMi T. A.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,DEADLY MINE GASES.Their Action Upon the Flame of theSafety Lamp.The safely hi nip. a heavy metal lantern shaped object with a circularglobe of heavy phite glass, is the onlylight other than electricity that can besafely carried Into a gaseous mine.The lamps are lit before they aretaken into the mine and, in addition,are securely locked, that no accidentor ignorant intention may expose theopen flame to the gases of the mine.Over a small sooty yellow flamewhich gives a light less bright thanthat of an ordinary candle are twowire gauze cones fitting snugly insidethe heavy globe, and it is throughthese cones that the flame draws theair which supports it. The presence ofblack damp, or carbon dioxide, caneasily be detected, if not by its odor, bythe action of the flame, which growsdim and, if the black damp exists inany quantity, is Anally extinguished.White damp, the highly explosive gaswhich is most feared, has, on theother hand, a totally different effect.In the presence of this gas the ilaincof the safety lamp becomes pointed,and as the gas grows stronger theflame seems to separate from the wickand an almost invisible blue coneforms beneath it. If the miner continues to advance into the white damphe will pass through a line in whichthere are nine parts of air to one partgas (the explosive mixture), and thelamp will instantly register this explosive condition by a sudden crackling inside the gauze and the extinguishing of the flame. "SVere it an openlamp the explosion ignited by theflame would sweep throughout the entire workings, carrying death and destruction before it, but by the construction of the safety lamp the explosion confines itself to the limitedarea within the gauze cones, and unless the lamp is moved suddenly andthe flame is dragged through the gauzeat the instant that the explosion occurs within the globe it will not extend beyond the gauze. Atlantic.SPHERICITY OF THE EARTH."Parallax" Bet Against It, and He LostHis Wager.The slraightcst canal in the world isin England and runs from Erith, inCambridgeshire, to Delivers Sluice,twenty-two miles away. It was herethat years ago a decisive experimentj was conducted to prove the sphericityj of the P;' At n,Jl V,mc s:!f Vf ".;a deluded gentleman, who called himself "Parallax." w:is obsessed with th?notion that the globe was a flat diskand used to go lecturing with greatvigor on the subject. After thce lectures he invited questions, none ofwhich was able to shake his belief.When asked, for example, "Why doesthe hull of a ship disappear below thehorizon while the masts remain vis-ible?" he would answer. "Hcrausc thelowest stratum of air is the densestand therefore .soonest conceals objectsseen through it." Finally ho showedhis whole hearted belief in his absurdviews by lay ins: a heavy waicer that noone would disnrove them. The stakeswere deposited in the hands of judsres,and the trial, under agreed conditions,took place upon the New river, as partof the canal is called. Three boatswere moored three miles apart, eachprovided with a crosstree of equalheight. If the earth was spherical thecentral cross would appear above theother to an observer looking througha telescope leveled from the crosstreeof the boat at either end: if it was flathe would see both the other cross treesas one. "Parallax" declared that hedid see them so, but the judges unanimously decided against him, and thepoor man lost his money.We're All Actors.Mmc. Alexandria Yiarda, the Polishtragedienne, once propounded the following: "It is a strange thing, but ask a manto mend a rip in his coat."No; he is not a tailor."Ask another to slop the faucet fromleaking."No; he's not a plumber."Or another to do a bit of cabinetwork."No; he is not a carpenter."But ask any one of the three or allof them to enact a little part in a playand each will smile in fatuous confidence and instantly acquiesce."But watch him act!"Snintlir.ess Unpopular.That state of mind which let us callthe ignominy of the virtuous is notentirely confined to boys of nineyears. I have seen grown men andwomen, being accused of saintliness.over whose faces passed an expressionof mortification. They would acceptwith more complacency the tributethat they were getting to be devils intheir old age. Atlantic.Lack of Tact."That man is about the most tactless person I have ever known.""I agree with you. lie would haveno more sense than to ask a barber tosubscribe to a fund for the purpose ofproviding a monument for the inventor of the safety razor." Chicago Record-Herald.She Knew Her Dad.Smithers Do yon know any one whohas a horse to sell? She Yes; I suspect old Brown has. Smithers Why?She Well, papa sold him one yesterday. London Punch.Not Homemade.Defending Counsel (to witness inbandages) Are you married? Witness No; I was knocked dowm by acat) last week.KENTUCKY, MARCH 17,RWIATISf!Cured by the Marvel of the(Century, B. B. B. Tested for,30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured through the blood with jpure.botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica' orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of 'Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with diiections for home cure.S oivD.i s n. free by writing Blood.. n - Atlanta, Ga. Describey 1.11 ti cm: o nd free medical advice.1 1 Of.gi.vn. iii i i.v aruen x son.Wants Lcnger Nights."Have you joined the More Daylightclub?" he asked."I should say not. It's all I can donow fo get home before daylight," replied the old rounder. Detroit FreePress.Forced lo Leave Home.Every year a large number of poorsufferers, whose lungs are sore andracked with coughs, are urged to goto another climate. But this is costly and not always sure. There's abetter way. Let Dr. King's Xew Discovery cure you at home. '4lt curedme of long trouble," writes W. RNelson, of Calamine. Ark., ''when allelbe failed and I gained 17 pounds inweight. Its surely the king of allcough and lung cures." Thousandsowe their lives and health to it. It'spositively guaranteed for coughs,colds, lagrippe, asthma, eroup allthroat and lung troubles. 50c and $1.Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.Unprogrccsivc Spain.Despite th fpet thct it possessesco.il f: c i d 3 covering more than 4,100square miles. Spain imports more than$10,000,000 worth of fuel each ear.A Dreadful Sightto II. J. Barnum, of Frceville, N. Y.,was the fever sore that had plaguedhis life for years in spite of manyremedies he tried. At last he usedHncklen's Arnica Salve and wrote:"It has entirelj healed with scarcelya scar left." Heals buru, boils, eczema, cut, bruises, swelling.-, cornsand piles like magic. Only 25 centsat Oberdorfer.-.Olive Oil for Patent Leather.A manufacturer told me how to1-eep patent leather looking nice for along time. Rub your shoes with oliveoil when you take them off and putthem away. Before wearing them,rub it all carefully oft again, of course.Harper's Bazar.State of Ohio, City of Toledo, )Lucas County. S3'Frank .T. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing bs-tness inthe City of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will pavthe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and suseribedin my presence, this nth day of December, A. D. I88H.(Seal.)A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the systsm.Send tor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold bv all druggists, 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Thisiwis the trademark whichis found onevery bottlemR' iof the genuinebml b ullmhmlthe standard Cod LiverOii preparation of theworld. Nothing equalsit to build up the weakand wasted bodies ofyoung and old.FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend 10c., name of paper and this ad. foroar beaut if al Savings Bank ad Child'sSketch-Book. Each bank contains a,Good Luck Tcnny.SCOTT . BOWNE, 40t Pwl Sc, N. Y.mm191No Need to Stop Work.When your doctor orders you tostop work it staggers you. "I can't,"you say. You know you are weak,run-down and failing in health, dayby day, but you must work as long asyou can stand. What you need isElectric Bitters to give tone, strengthand vigor to your system, to preventbreak down and build you up. Don'tbe weak, sickly or ailing when Electric Bitters will benefit you from thefirst dose. Thousands bless them fortheir glorious health and strength.Try them. Every bottle is guaranteed to satisfy. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Spring is Here.Z One thing that convinces us thatspring is at hand is the iish and snakestories that are appearing in our exchanges. They do not differ materially from those of former years except that locations are changed.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters for Draft Horse.BLACK PRINCENo. 4S.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight Has proven to bo a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The alDove horses will make the season of 1 91 1 at Woodlawn Stock FarmAbou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt i&vfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Ky."ttF LOG AND A 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a roj'ally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:09 '. champion to high wheels and the greatestsre. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcjone, sire of McKinneyJl'.j. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3-15; ; was thechampion racing stalliou of lOOi-l'.JOo; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:M)rt; five year-old record 2:07l; six-year-old record 2:05;(;seven-year-old record 2:03n., ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A;LMNG FOALNORAB 369 1 5, Trial 2. 1 0, Trot 1 ingBrown horse, 1G hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:1S bv Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:074' and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:1)3) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING POALI bW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, Kentuckyr -Tr7""T"iIDaiawin racKing ,0.,"The Model Packing Plant,"ResDectfullv solicits vour Datronacre.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersanddealers.JBaldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.eEast Tenn.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour- $bon Count3r Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, LittleT Rock jumIRuddle. MUls."Whwayo hare East Tennessee terrife yom vHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephac - ClETHE SADDLE STALLION,155 hands high, heavy mane and tail,will make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 To Insure a Living Colt,BEN D'OR is by McDonald Chief.sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy. by Lovely, he byLedger; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colts until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents orescapes.T. B. STITH.It. F. D. No. 1. Paris, Ky.BURLEYBlack Percheron "Vt. 1760$15 to insureB CRLE Y is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the verj' best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both upon the farln and in the cities. They canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is Tyeara old, a beautiful black. He is well-formed and oft he class that catches the eve. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price.Telephone Co.-VOh1HitrlTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 17, 191MILLERSBURGitems!tMit.J. C. Leer was on the Louisvilletobacco market from Monday untilThursday.Miss Belle Judy left Tuesday for avisit to her sister, Mrs. K. R. Vaught,si Parker, Ind.Mr. David Wells, of Mt. Olivet, wasthe truest of his brother, Mr. M. P.Wells, this week.Mrs. Ashby Leer and little daughter, Josephine, visited Mrs. O. P. Carter in Paris this week.There will probably be WGrk inAmity Lodge Tuesday night. A fullattendance is requeued.Mr. S. C. JBascom, of OwingsvillVras the guest of Mr. V. L. Bartonfrom Monday until Wednesday.The ladies of the Presbyterianchurch will give a silver tea at thechurch this evening, beginning at 7:o0.All the congregation is invited.Mr. Thos. McCIintock attendedcounty court at Owingsvijle Monday.He was accompanied there by hisdaughter, Miss Ruth, who is visitingher sister, Mrs. Turner Perry.There will be a recital at M. F. Centertainment will be given an opportunity to indulge in all the laughterthat their physical nature can tsand.The piece is one continual, laugh fromstart to finish. Buy your tickets earlywhen they go on sale.Miss Flura Mason left Tuesday for afew days' visit to Miss Ruth ArderyatC ynthiana.Mrs. J. B. Marcum, of Jackson, isthe guest of her son, J. B. Marcum.Jr., at the home of Mr. 0. W. Ingles.Miss Kirk will leate for her homeat Maysville Saturday alter a protracted visit to her ccusin, Mrs. W. R.Barnes.Pecle Collier & Co., Millersburg,Ky., have fifty tons of No. 1 timothyhay and 20 tons of No. 1 clover haylor sale.The Ladies Aid Society of the Christian church will have a food sale inthe vacant tsore room of Mrs. Sue V.Sandusky on Main street Saturday.Character." Col. Bain is well knownhere where he has appeared manytimes. He always gives somethinggoon and those who hear him never go.away disappointed. It is assured thathis effort in the coding lecture willbe equal to any of the past. Admission35 cents and 25 cents.Mrs. J. B. Cray is amongjthe sick.Master Edward Hurst is quite sick.Mr. Thomas Junes is confined to hishome with largippe.Miss Leona Letton has resumed herposition at Ingles Bros.' dry goodsstore.Miss Ethel Dewitt was given a surprise party Wednesday by a numher ofher young frcinds.The Ladies' Aid Society of the Baptist church convened with Mrs. A. T.Mnffett Thursday.Miss 'Eva Henderson instructor atthe M. F. C. will leave for her homeat Harrodshurg today to remain untilMonday.chapel this evening by the pupils inmusic r.nd expression, beginning atj7:30. All friends and patrons of tne'institution are cordially invited to bepresent.Work is progressing nicely with theIV. rs. White, of Lexington, and MiasiLois Edmonds, of Fort Smith, Ark.,ere guests of Mrs. 0. II. Collier andsitter, Miss Long, during the week., Letters received trom Mrs. J. j. accenting a night poistion.J Martinsville, Ind.. for acute rheumatism, are to the effect that she is imMiss Lucy Robertson is serving asan apprentice at the East TennesseeTelephone Exchange with a view ofMr. Aaron McConnellproving niceb.Col Geo. W. Bain will deliver oneol nis laraous lectures unuer tne .aus- r.ir. Aaron mconnen is gaining apices of the Home Missionary Society decided reputation as an oculist. Hisof the Methodist church at the opera j business along this line is improvinghouse Tuesday evening. His subject every day and he has demonstrated to"Jglmg Owls." Those who attend the is "Among the Masses or Traits of ' these to whom he has fitted that he isMrs. Willie McVey and daughter,Miss Margaret Lee, of Elizaville. arrived Thursday as guosts of Mr.Thomas Jones and family.rCHARLES W.SUCCESSORSvMLLIBAY & 5IPT?ji&J3zLGaniaoe andiAnoST 2 3?i1 llUUrv nnwcillUUill) I oi &, iyloin every way qualified to do the work.He also has the necessary appliancesfor testing and has had in the past fewweeks patients from Maysville, Mr.Olivet and other neighboring towns.If you are needing work 'of this kindgive him a call. Can always be foundat his jewelry store on Filth street.Miss Josephine Leer was bittenTuesday by a dog belonging to Mrs. J.T. Judy. The bite was not severe hutthe dog will probably be killed.The gardening season is now on. Wehave a large assortment of fresh seedof all kinds and are making a specialty of seed potatoes.14 2t LOUIS VI MONT.Wednesday night was the coldestnight for this season of the yeir experienced here in many years. Themercury Thursday morning registeredten degrees above zero.Don't fail to see my St. Patrcik'swindow.AARON McCONNELL.Mesdames Mary E. Pepper and J. 0.Blackerby who have been spending thewinter with their son and daughter,Mr. and Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper, leftThursday for a visit to relatives inBracken.We have a liimted amount of highgrade coffee at 20 cents. Call earlybefore the supply is exhausted.14 2t " LOUIS VIMONT.nir. ana r.irs. j. l,. mwter nave returned to Kentucky from Floridawhere they have been spending thewinter. Mrs. Hunter is at the bedsideof her mother, who is critically ill ather home in Washington, Ky. Mr.Hunter arrived home and will returnto Washington in a few days.The C. W. B. M. held an all daymeeting with Mrs. tannic NortonTuesday. The occasion as also Mrs.Norton's birthday. A ic .htful lunchwas prepared by the lac of the society and the occasion v -, one thatwill always be remember I by thoFopresent. Mrs. Rhoda t nway, ofPans, sister of Mis. .w rton, wasprefer, t.Cut Flowers.Cut flowers and funeral designs oiall kinds and all urices.'ix.JO S. VARDEN.9Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.v.mzmmsYmzmffl-JFSByrsTTnyr p. jrprg:q BMm3!5se gnsiiasMaca iszjo&istijxixa: maayr wroJLf M n if is 3 8 si 7s n sHair Goods,The firm of Curtis -. Ovorhv hnc .n.( ,m-,l U .. V ..! 1 r--un.w me isi.-Ht:. iui ix ijuiumuus nrmfor toupees, wigs and hair goods of alldescriptions. The prices on wigs andtoupees range from S15 up 10 tfHomeMade Sorghum.We have just received another barrel of that fine inme-made sorchumPhone your order early as it will gofast14 2t SAUER.PariiBov is 111 at Harvard.3S Main Street, ParisWALKSHOESOVER!mlySSr- MEM Ifw & JPBESTI BY TESTThe reason the public demands"WaMver" Shoeshave testedthem Com-in Style, Fitis because theythem and foundfortable, Correctand Wear.Spring Shoes and Oxfordsare no arriving.Why not try a pair?I"VpA tei'crum cirt::v-! bv Mr. K. PI Huichcraft in this city Tutsri'iy toldi of tha s-reious illness of i is ,son. Mr.I Reunen Hutchcrafr. win is a fctudenij in the law department of the ilarvnrcI University at Cambridge. Mass.' The telegram stated Mr. Huichcraft' was taken suddenly ill twith appcnJ:J citis and was taken tr. a hospital wheren operation was performed. Mr?.Hutchcraft was in Lexintgon wivn t' emessage came and returning to tr.is !I city left on the arternoon train for hisbedside.Mr. Hutchcraft will corr.Dlete his.caurscin the law school this year.I Last summer he passed a very "(.successful examination in the FayetteLi:cuit Lourt and was admitted to thepractice of his profession. He is anexcellent speaker and labt fall participated in the Democratic campaign inMassachusetts, making severalspeeches in the interest of Democracy.Later messages from his bedsidestate that Mr. Hutchcraft rallied fromthe operation and his condition is suchas to assure an early recovery.Cut Flowers.Cut (lowers and funeral designs ofall kinds and all prices.14 2t JOS. VAliDEN.ROYALBAKINGPOWDERv Absolutely PureThe official Government testsshow Royal Baking Powder to bean absolutely pure and healthfulgrape cream of tartar bakingpowder, and care should be takento prevent the substitution of anyother brand in its place.With no other agent can biscuit, cake and hot-breads be madeso pure, healthful and delicious,Royal Baking Powder costs only a fair price per pound,and is cheaper and better at its price than any other bakingpowder in the world. It makes pure, clean, healthful food.Royal Cook Book SDO Receipts Fvte. Send Name and AddressROYAL BAKING POV.OCR CO., MEW YCRX:Z5330?52ZKE53SaS3&Ec;RELIGIOUS.ToldJJder Carey E. Morgan wi'I be inhis pulpit Sunday morning and evening at the Crhistian church at rhe usual hours.Rev. E. M. F. Li-htfoot. of Lairsville, will preach both morning andevening at the Baptist church. A fullattendance is desired.Rev. J. W. Mnxon, President ofMargarot College. Versailles, will fillthe pu5pit at the Episcopal churchSunday morning at 10:15 and in theafternoon at 4 o'clock.New S. t. will be organized bythe Methodists next Sunday afternoonn three o'clock on Nineteenth street.Thsre arc about seventy-five Methodhtchildren in this section ot the citv a dthe aitn is to bringJJol Many Killings Dunn!career.General May. who is chargedhaving murdered Sninman ftlerido ahis wife in Clay county !ait week, v .arrested in Winchester am! takenMarcr.eitcr whro he will lace "charge. May adruttsd killing Uc: .but said the woman was killed :negro who was shoottng at hinexpressed regret nt not getting tr ;the negro, who escaped after he !shot him In the hel.May told of killing Mart SmithKnox county, two years ago, and 4or tLawson, in the same county last Lcember. He aUo boasted of shoot nthe arm eft Lof Life Lewis, in C .;county several years ago. The la.was a nrotner ot oaiser .loe Leww.i. t.. i i i . -lilt- r innni.' ninca r i r. . .u u:u tii ' t .. .r ' uoiiiiiissic;. otiriiuuii mcuun wnz scu tuu uHiuien. juiis scnooi Will nilnine long feet want in this section ofthe city and it ;s t. be hored th. thp i rent-- and children r:;i cooperatewith the tearhers of the ner; sc'nvi 1 inmaking it a great succesa. The Methodist pastor. U. B. Crockett, will superintend the new school.so half-brother of the Jailer.Mav said he exDected to be kilted .the Manchester jail but if harir. car ;to him his six b-others would 3;efc rrvenge.May Succeed Judge Parker.Cut Flowers.Cut flowers and funeral designs ofall kinds and all prices.2t JO S. VARDEN.CLINTON VILLE ITEMS., Richard C. StolJ. the well known a:-torney of Lexington, i3 the only announced candidate fcr the judgeship, left vacant by tho death of Juc?.Parker. Charles Kerr, Judge Faulkner and Henry 1. Duncan, Jr., are a -aomentioned fcr the place.Serrices at the Clintonviiie Christian church next Lord's day. March J9by A. Sanders, pastor, us fellows: 11a. m., sermon to the children, subject."The Tragedy of Strong Drink;" 7:15p. m., theme, "Easy and HeavyYckes;" 10 a. m., Sunday school.Nekton Shropshire, superintendent;6:45 p. m., aong and prayer service.Saturday at 7:?0 p.m. the Loyal Classes will meet with Brother and SisterR. S. Darnaby and wife. The Presbyterian minister, Brother Gercg? Bell,is earnestly invited to aid in the children's service at 11 a. m.Work Guaranteed.Pick out your wall paper now.rWcwill put it on when you are ready Atremendous stock on hand No slighting work or throwing paper on wallsWork guaranteed and the guarantee'means somethingJ. T. HINTON.Buried in Lexington.The remains of Mrs. Sidney Ballou.daughter of General Ba3il Duke, ofLouibville, who died in Honolulu.Hawaii, four months ago. were buriedin Lexington Tuesday. The bodycremated in Honolulu.Sent to the Asylum.wasParis Defeats Lexington 19 to 12In a fast and interesting game, tgiri3' basketball team representing tr-'Paris High School defeated the Lt -ingonHigh School girls by a score tf19 to 12 Monday night. Lexingtonstarted out with a rush, but as socn a3the Paris team got used to the strangefloor they outplayed tho Lexingtongirls.The Paris team was excellent i,Tteam work, their passes were accurateand they guarded well The Lexingtcrplayers were inclined to bunch nearthe basket but their goal throwingwas not so good as that of the Parigirls. The line-up was as followa :Lexington Misses Nancy Innes ancMay Cornellson, guards; FlorenceHughes, center; Eleanor Brogle anGladys Van Meter, forwards.Paris Misse3 Ruth Chambers anElsie Hsller. guards; Freida Heller,center; Mary Hayden and Neil Kum-l mans, iorwards.. Field Goals Brogle 1, Van MeterJiugnes i. ttayden 1. Kummans d. r.Special This Weekrumps and Uxtords, genuine harm-turned, in buede. Velvet andGun Metal. Other stores sell the same at $2.50 to $3.00.At our store they go atAn offering extraordinaryin Ladies' stvlish twft-tfran$1,99DAN COHEN336 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNPardon Granted Unnamed Convicf.Burbiidge King s-as Wednesdaygranted a full and free pardon byGovernor Willaon foi an oilense committed twenty years ago. when he wasout w years cin. ine pardon wasmade out to King, under which name ,he served in the penitentiary, but!which is not his right name. Twentyyears ago King was sent up from Bathcounty for theft and served-in a con-,struction camp on the Cumberlandriver for nearly a year and then escaped. Nothing more was heard of himULtil he filed an application for a pardon with the Governor.Several months ago Guvrenor VV 111Ron granted King a conditional pardonbut he went to Frankfort Wednesdayand asked for a full and free pardon, iwhich the Governor granted. While jhi3 real name is not known, it is Iknown that he i3 a railroad engineer, tand one of the beat citizens where hejlives. 'After making his escape from theconstruction camp twenty years agoKing went to Illinois and later wentto Mexico, where he now resides. Hisfather lived in Pike county and a fewyears ago King came to visit him, butfearing that he would be found outand arrested, spent only a few dayswith his father.Adam Rheil was tried in the Circuit Heller 1 E Heller 2u.wu .uu.aimiui diLKiuyLiijij to Fouls Huirhea . E Holler 1"3, "'AhJffTA J"" a-"" ? , Referee-"?. 'S.'-JaclSoDMayai.Joseph Kneil, last Novemocr. The Hich SchoolinrdythpUronr01" -URSUnd "i npire-Miss Willie Hughes. Tran-and the court ordered mm committed gvivaniato the asylu-n. , -Time ,;f HaIves15 m!nutBSIcTNOTICE,Jordan Richardson, who was convicted of selling liquor without a licenseen Sunday in the Bourbon CountyCourt at its January term will askthe Governor for pardon and all whoobject will notify the Governor, andstate in writing any objection.P. A. THOMPSON. AttorneyOur Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can nve vnu anvfKmcrj J ,giverrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,I Both"The House rf Quality.j, :Both Phones.for Jordan Richardson.-Av.;.wmmmmmaammmmmmi