,PUBLISHED ETTERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1911,THE BOURBON NEWS.i4lHBHMIWMBsemiweeKiu $P66iaisiAt TheSIMONDep't Store,Thursday, Aug. 17,Ladies' $1 Gowns, half-price, 75c,2toa customer.Sale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE A full line of Chiidren'sSchool Dresses just arrived.LJfSr'ir "&''?''2r!2r2rJ2r2'2' 2? & & 5s JB55?-sS..f.BEST GROCERIESCost Least At The Robneel jWWUninstructed Delegates MayControl.Reports from va majority of thecounties of the State, in which theDemocrats held conventions Saturdayfor the purpose of selecting delegatesto the State Convention at Louisvilletoday, show that the uninstiucted votewill hold the balance of power. Thereis about an even break in the instructed delegations for the extension of thecounty unit bill and against it.While in every county meetingswprfi harmonious, hoth sides werefighting hard for instructions to thedelegations to the State convention,but in the majority of cases the delegates were instructed to vote as awhole on all matters and to consultthe leaders of the party regardingplanks which are to go into the platform. BUROON CONVENTION.The Democrats of Bourbon countymet in mass convention Saturday afternoon and selected delegates to theconvention to be held in Lousiville today. The meeting was called to orderby Chairman C C. Clarke, whostatcdthe purpose of the convention. JudgeDenid Dundon by a unanimous votewas selected as chairman and R. B.HutchcrafL, Jr., was chosen as secretary. A set of resolutions and delegateswere presented by W. B. Ardery. Theresolutions provided that the delegation from Bourbon vote as a unit uponall matters coming before the convention and that upon organization themajority of the delegates snouia rule.To the resolution Hon. CM. Thomasoffered a substitute to strike out theclause for the unit vote of the delegation on question to come before them,the substitute carrying the followingdelegates were named :Denis Dundon. C M. Thomas, C. C.Clarke, T. H. Talbott, D. C Lisle, 0.R. Rankin. W. B. Ardery, R. B.Hutchcraft, Jr., Demilion Robbins, J.J. Williams, Wm. Grannan. R. K. McCarney, W. H. McMillan. J. T. Hinton, Jas. M. O'Brien, C M. Clay, T.W. Current, J. Q. Ward, E. P. Thomsson, Geo. W. Morrow, D. D. Cline,Geo. Batterton, John Wiggins, C. A.McMillan, Jns. McClure.Hi aHHHBBWHMB mi w"WE KNOW MOW99f.sTRAW HATS ATHALF PRICE.'c1 AVK:16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar 1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes , -10Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50Blueing, 2 boxes 05Best Gun Powder Tea, per pound - .75Good Quality Gun Powder Tearperpound . .50Full Quart Can Karo Syrup 10Brooms, 5-Tie - 2Five Gallons Best Oil .. 45s-&MrwBLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack ' .60 WBlue. Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1. 20 WBlue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40 W(. . v yT. C. LENIHAN, Prop. ' $Both Phones 234 SfyWatch this Space Next Week, ty4&1few. r. . ....jrii;2. m aau5mmif.&mSTRAW HATS 1-2 OFFREGULAR PRICEmmPANAMA HATS25 Per Cent OffONE II BOYS' 50C MPS NOW 15cIPsPrice & Co.,Clothiers.fJrt7:vs , ae'tffc'jFirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Canal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal iB nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldbaths and polite attendants to. wait ontheir patrons. tfJSryson PJaced Under Arrest.As a result of the difficulty whichoccurred at Carilsle Wednesday Postmaster Homer B. Bryson was arrestedon a warrant charging cutting withintent to kill, which was sworn out byDr. Hugh Johnson. tJryson expeuteabond in the sum of $1,000. The menwere the participants in a street fightat Carlisle which occurred over a political argument. Johnson received aslight gash un the throat from a knifein the hands of Bryson.Atlantic City and Return.The Chesapeake & Ohio railway willrun a special train to Atlantic CityAugust 17, leaving Lexington at 11:40a. m.. r,ate S17.00 round trip, good lbdays. Liberal stopovers returning.Sleeping car diagrams are now open.Persons wanting space reserved pleaseaddressGEORGE W. BARNEY. D P. A.,Lexington, Ky.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair .cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three first-class barbers. 6 trBourbon County Crop ConditionsIt is conceded that? the early cornwill ho matreiallv cut in vield by therJrrmfrh ntiH whp.re nriianects indicated S8, 10 and 12 barrels per acre, farmerswill do well if they get a yield of halt kthat quantity. The yield of the earlyplanted corn will largely depend uponthe cultivation. Where the .coin wasplowed often and the surface oil keptloose and .mellow, the moisture wasconserved and the growing corn wasleast affected by the drouth and willyield better than where cultivationwas of the haphazard sort.The farmer ,who rwas well up withhis work at all stages of the growingseason and had an ample force of menand teams to handle his crops, hasbeter corn and tobacco than his neighbor who simply overcropped himselfand could not give his crops sufficientcultivation.Tobacdo is'good, bad and indifferent,with but little that is good to bring upthe average ofso much that is bad andindifferunt. The crop was short 20 percent in acreage and the probable yieldnow looks to be fully 60 per cent shortof what was produced in 1910.Refreshing showers Saturday helpedto relieve the parched situation and tocool the temperature which for theweek had been sizzling hot.Farmers are going to sow largely ofrvp. for nasturiacre andsjiline mirnos sas the failure of hay and oats makes itnecessary to conserve f ied or YveStock. Tmm2A number of farmers are builuuigsilos which will help them to relievethe scarcity of feed as there will Lenlenty of late corn for silage.Farmers are beginning to realizethat the silo is the only way to supplyfeed during a protracted drouth orthrough the stormy spells ot winter.If every farmer in the; county had asilo, the effects of a I severe drouthcould have no bearing on the feedquestion and would consequently enable the farmers Xo take care of theirlive stock and gei: bigger and betterprices.We are selling our entire line of Straw Hats andPanamas at half-price.' Plain Straws. Rough Straw?and Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowns, all Shapes and Styles.Come in and buy a hat that will keep your headcool during this hot month, and it will cost you butvery little.Look For The New StoreiMitchell & Blakemore9Outfitters to MenParis, Kentucky4 BUEUimmmimmuiiiiiuii m i in i n i m 1 1 1 n n mi n u 1 1 n n n n mi i n 1 1 1 1 n in 11 1 1 n 1 1 n iiiiim i m nuMiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiinirr& IVgS '79FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.uSSIREDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles in - " -LAWNSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and Stripes, Specially. Priced at JO and 2 l-2c a yardINew Fall Styles in Dress Ginghamsat 10 and 12 l-2c yard.SUMMER SLIPPERSWe have just received several of the very newest stylesin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede atj.95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pairsm iiRemnants of Dress Goods Silks, Wash GoodstCalicoes, Etc, all at Big Reductions5! E:3Frank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckySiiKiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiinTiiirijmKisiiiiimHiiuiiiruiiiiiiiiimmiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiHu-BUImmH-TiI'MSiK1ir;45.v.MLuI?rK!tMM'SIPMMM:si,ut ' vSrK f " i'7r"iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15 1911.rM nnnvmmnn nMKtan laoini JO J CD01 M3UTHE BOURBON NEWSa 1 O !f -.... . ., in,4,nMT ....VCftJ'Fads- for Weak WomenSB pOWnSU0IUUA AfMmi au uu iv .jwwg -'flfiVJ.Q.n-m -.... rn Sl.ru-H ra ICTt fTTAA . 1 " auuiumnj ui e wi -i ui ...ji-looidtajojc SABiradxanjNine-tenths of all the sickness of women is due to some' derangement or disBOTH' .'PHONES, '124. NO. 320 M'llN STREET.ease of the organs distinctly feminine. Such sickness can be cured is curedevery day byDr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionIt Makes Weak Women Strong,Sick Women Well.It acts directly on the organs affected and is at the same time a general restorative tonio for the whole system. It cures female complaint right in the privacyof home. It makes unnecessary the disagreeable questioning, examinations andlocal treatment so universally insisted upon by doctors, and so abhorrent toSJTcdsj p33U I3A3JSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous Publicationevery modest woman.We shall not particularize here as to the symptoms ofthose peculiar affections incident to women, but thosewanting full information as to their symptoms andmeans ofpositive cure are referred to the People's Common Sense Medical Adviser 1008 pages, newly revisedand up-to-date Edition, sent free on receipt of 21 one. cent stamps to cover cost of mailing only; or, in clothbinding for 31 stamps.Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y,Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements. ,Published Every Tuesday and Friday.MILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.ONE YEAR,$2.00 I SIX MONTHS. Payable in Advance1.00.jami a-WH!JUT 9.'-efflHrStfE I I iff1 I I hiW'MB ft1"V&tfnBmKB,W'iwJm&Ua ORIGINALITYsT W ANDHUTincutsreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplaco designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky.combined. Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER.Wm. jRdams & Son,s 142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THE GARDENfp'h 3r irv FLOWEY & TALBOTTParis, KexrtmolcvBourbonasfD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.(ISHISsASSBsiASBourbonmWomParis,KeniucfcypZfrFirst 8treet Tramways.Street tramways were first opendAt London in 1861.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?. We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherikin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we havp found that& simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.' Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.' Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of the. most serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just to, talk over your case with us.iG. S-Varden & Son. '.SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguislics our Jfonu-from all otliers, while pricesNONE CHEAPERis a real pleasure if you havethe, right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. Laundry 1Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. S vstematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get. yoar laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Doa't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other Ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle, will start thscure, and give you instant relief. ,G.vS. Varden & Son.Quarrel Over Primary.Wide differences of opinion have developed between the leaders of theDemocratic party in the Fifth Appellate Court District as to the advisability of holding a primary to nominate a successor to Judge John D. Carroll. Judge Carroll would like to havethe primary held on election day, because it would prove less expensiveto him and the other candidates andwould insure a larger vote in the primary, but some of the leaders thinkthat it is a bad policy to hold primaries on the dav of a state election, andbesides, that the nomination of a candidate one year in advance is too longfor a nomination to be made.It is pretty certain that Judge7 Carroll is going to have the primary onelection day, for i- is known that hisfriends have circulated a petitionamong the County Committeemen, andthat a majority of them have signed acall for the committee to meet August23 in Frankfort to determine the time,manner and method of making thenomination.It is understood that CommitteemenMeaghei and Fitch have declined tocall the committeemen together on thegrounds that such an action would injure the prospects of the DemocraticState ticket.Feast of Assumption.Today is the day of "the Feast of theAssumption, and will be observed byCatholics the world over as a holy dayof obligation. The day is set apart bythe church to commemorate the assumption into heaven of the body ofMary, the immaculate mother of God,after her death, her body being savedfrom corruption, just as her soul hadbeen preserved from the stain of original sin. It is not quite certain wherethe plessed Virgin died, but the common traditions of the church is thatshe died at Jerusalem where her empty tomb was shown to pilgrims in theseventh century. In any case it is certain that she really died and that herexemption from sin oiiginal and actual, did not exempt her paying thiscommon debt of humanity. Still, athough the blessed virgin tasted ofdeath, her body,, was preserved fromcorruption and it was united to hersoul in the kingdom of heaven. Thechurch signifies her belief in this factoy ceieorating tne least or her at-.sumption annually on August 15.His One Merit.A very stubborn man iswrong, but seldom dishonestoftenFixes Date for Thanksgiving.President Taft will desicnate Thursday, November 30, as ThanksgivingDay this year. It always has been thecustom to fix the last Thursday in themonth. This year there has been'sumedoubt because November happened toinclude five, instead of four Thursdays. The White House has been besieged by theatrical managers andthose in charge of college footballgames to settle this doubt so that definite arrangements could be made forthe usual array of special performances ard sports that mark the day. ZPooling Plans Adopted." The board of the Burley TobaccoSociety, in session at Lexington Friday, adopted the pooling plans whichcarry ,a clause recommending the continuation of the Burley Tobacco Company as a shEreholding manufacturingcompany for the manufacture of burley pool tobacco, the day set for closing the pool to be not later than January 1, 1914. It was also recommendedthat the pool may be declared off atany time by a two thirds vote of theoriginal signers or their heirs.The following resolutions wereadopted :First That a separate contract bepresented so that members in the present Burley Tobacco Company, not desiring to pool can sign leaving theirstock instant for ten years unless dissolved sooner by a two-thirds vote ofthe stockholders.4 Second From present crop conditions it would be unwise to dispose ofany of oui 1909 pooled tobacco at therecent low market.Third That we add to the pledge aclause showing that each signer agreesto leave his stock in the Burley Tobacco Company from the 1909 crop for aperiod of ten years unless dissolvedsooner or by a two-thirds votis the only emulsion imitated. The reason is plainit's the best. Insist uponhaving Scott's it's ,theworld's standard flesh andstrength, builder.'all druggistsDEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.Eor United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTH6f FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESIt is announced that James B.Haggin.the New York multimillionaire, owner of Elemendorf stockfarm, will ship fifty of his highestbied thoroughbred mares and foals toBerlin for sale at auction. This leavesonly 100 mares at Elemendorf. Thesewill be shipped to the English salesin September The last shipment marksthe passing of Elemendorf as a thoroughbred horse farm, its energies noware being turned to breeding fine cattle. Elemendorf was formerly themost extensive breeding plant in theUnited States.Newspaper Plant Destroyed.The four-story brick building, occupied by the Louisville Heraid.in Louisville, was gutted by fire, which started at 5:30 o'clock Friday morning,causing a loss of about $125,000 tothebuilding and to the stock. The fire issupposed to hava started on the fourthfloor, which was occupied by the engraving department and its cause isunknown at present. This fire wasthe fourth destructive blaze jn Louisville in a period of forty-four hours.Facts About Java.Java is an island in the Malay archipelago, the principal seat of theDutch power in the east, and, afterSumatra and Eorneo, the largest ofthe Sunda group. It is G30 miles longhv 2K tn 190 iloC o,i a t,j w . .v, uitvvj, anu naj apopulations about thirty million. Thechief articles of export include sugar,coffee, tea, rice and tobacco.The Real Evil.The best way to abolish the divorceevil is to strike at the alimony evil.Persons who want to share one another's money should be willing to livetogether. At any rate, there wouldcertainly be fewer divorces.Loved Gold Better Than Life.A large sum of money was foundhidden in an old garret at Troyes,France, where Josephine Viard, an oldbeggar woman, died of starvation. '$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease requiresa constitutional treatment. ' HalPsCatarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly u on the blood andmucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo. OSold by drusgists ?5c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ,GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBilMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.SQQ9Sb2:y)"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryilSkfiZESHDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.aC&2(fe:X3k3X&SSEip2East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, LittleT RockRuddles Mills."When you have EastHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedII1UIATISICurbed by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood with( nnro'Wnfrininol Ti-krr-Mrl X i-- -. m.i(f(" xxnglculCuta. AuuroveITT. Tr-Q Tin I I aanrtwe will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg, Jacning DacK or snouider blades, swollen muscles, difficulty, in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure pf Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. Has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.SimpiDsrnt free by writing Blood..11 o . Atlanta, Ga. Describevrar trouble and free medical advicegi.-on. -clrl by Varden & Son.Why He Slept,oet (taking his children throughthe art gallery) Good heavens, my little ones, look at that picture. "Sleeper on a park bench." The painter hasactually put my last volume in thefellow's hand!Falls Victim to Thieves.S. W, Bends, of Coal City, Ala., hasa justifiable grievance. Two thievesstole his health for twelve years.Theywere a liver and kidney trouble.ThenDr. King's New Life Pills throttledthem. He's well now. Unrivaled foconstipation, malaria, headache, dyspepsia. 25j at Oberdorfer's.1and be satisfied.anTennesseeservice youA Sure Cure for PilesMr. F. S. Randall ol No. ao East Main St,Leroy, N. Y., writes that Bloodine Ointment baaproven efficacious in a stubborn case of Piles andRectal Fissures where everything tlse has failed.Bloodine Ointment is sold on a positive guarantMto core Piles or money bade.Is the most heilinr salve in the world. It will p4uiveiv cure cuts, Duras, old sores, eczema. Uttrsalt rheum and all skin diseases.Found at Lasta enra for Eczema. Mrs. Charles Blanchard ofPhiladelphia, Pa., writes that she had suffered formany years with this terrible disease and had triedremedy after remedy for it, but could no End acure, until she was advised to try Bloodine-Ointment,and to her great surprise oe box healed upnearly all of the old sores, and the second boxcompletely cured her. 50c. a box by mail.I'.Lodino Liver Pills core Conitirat;n -r ..box. ' -J"-W. T. Brooks, Agent.Freshanlng Shoe Blacking.It is obvious that it may not be adiscovery, hut it was a long time before I thought of It: The moisteningof my shoe blacking (paste) with afew drops of kerosene. I used to throwthe blacking away when it began toget dry, until this occurred .to me.Good Housekeeping Magazine.Origin of Names of Dances.The name "quadrille" Is derivedfrom the position of the dancers, theFrench word "quadrille' meaning a little square. "Country dance," does notmean a rustic dance, but is a corruption of the French term "contredanse," which relates to the positionof the couples opposite each other.Opportunity Missed.A small boy from town was spendinga. few days in the country. One morning he heard the grewn folks complaining of having been kept awakathe night before by a skunk. Willieburst into tears. "Why. Willie, what'sthe matter?" the fond mother inquired."Why didn't some one wake me up"he blubbered. -" never smelled askunk in all my life!"a - -.. 1y-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15, 1911,a3w?m?ww?m?iJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!'ferfTRE JQB RGQfflS OfTHEBHRBNJMlEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.m Bourbon news, -1 04 Issues a Year forf$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftiiWWUWiUUUtfSSSx3$8KeK$$xg$A MERE COWBOYHe Did Not Prevent EdithFrom Keeping Her Vow.By HONORE WILLSIE.eS'$8sx$8x8xesxeTo Edith's eastern eyes the ranchwas a most fascinating place. Thewide, rolling stretches of plain, flatand brown under the autumn skies;the lean cottonwoods, whose scantshade was a mere joke, and the ranchhouse itself, roomy, low and ugly,were all beautiful in her eyes.If you had told Edith that thisstrange fascination was due to the undeniable charms of a certain tall cowboy, who had recently been made foreman of her brother's ranch, she wouldhave tossed her pretty .head at youand denied your insinuations scornfully. "What," she had exclaimed whenher sister-in-law had slyly remarkedon the regularity of Edith's morningrides under the foreman's tutelage"what! I have more than an ordinaryinterest founded on curiosity, for acowboy! Why, Alice, you forget whereI was born and bred."At this pretty Mrs. Alcott had laughed merrily." 'Born and bred,' " she had repeated."My dear child, when you come west3Tou must forget that you were bornand bred. I did so live years ago. Thefact that you are a college girl won'thelp you half so much as the' fact thatyou are unlearning your eastern method of saddle riding. Tbese westernersdon't give a rap concerning your parents or your grandparents. Their interests are all in the present, not thepast. As Jimmy says, 'One man is asgood as another here and a heap better.' So leave off your condescendingairs with Harry Esterly. They arequite lost on him. I assure you."Edith listened in silence to Mrs. Alcott and watched her as she movedquietly about the living room of theranch house, which was as cozy andhomelike as the exterior was dreary;then she picked up her riding whip,pulled the latch of her sombrero underher chin and with a disdainful littlesniff walked out toward the corral,where Harrj Esterly awaited her.Harry watched her keenly as shestrolled slowly toward him."Gad," he said to himself, "sheTs wellput up!"And she was erect and lithe as ayoung Indian, with hair that shonebronze in the sun, with skin thatglowed with health after the morningtub and with an uptilt to her beautiful head that would well give a thrillof pride to any man on whom she bestowed her friendship."Is that Josephine?" she called toHarry as she drew within hailing distance. "Yes, that's Josephine," answeredHarry, patting the smaller horse."Isn't she a beauty?""She is indeed," said the girl, smoothing the soft nose of the pretty mare."Are you sure she isn't part broncho?Brother Jim says that if a horse hasever so little a drop of broncho bloodin him, ever so far back, he's bound tobuck at least once in his life. And Idon't want to be the one to discoverthat one drop!"Harry shook his head. "Well, ofcourse," he said, "it's hard to pick upa horse around here that you canvouch for. But really, Miss Alcott, Ithink Josephine is as safe as a cradle."Edith hung her whip on the saddlepommel and, motioning away Harry'soffered hand, swung herself into thesaddle."This morning," he said, "I'm goingto take you to my particular pet spot.It's only half an hour's ride from here."Out they raced across the dustyplan, the horses taking the barbedwire fences as lightly as birds. Theydrew rein on a lonely little hillock, theonly break in the level of the plain formiles around."Look," said Harry. "See how oneside is scooped out. Some- Indianmade himself a shelter here some timefrom a dust storm. And now standhere on top for a moment and youwill see why I like this place.""Edith looked. The slight eminencegave a surprising sweep of view thefar ranch house, with the distantgrazing herds, the blue line of hazethat marked the mountains and, farther still, the brown of the plain,merging into the blue of the desert.Toward the desert Harry looked apprehensively. "Miss Edith," he said, "I believethat we'll have a dust storm here inan hour or so. The air felt like it thismorning, with this scorching wind,and now I can see it gathering outthere on the desert. I wonder if youwould be willing to ride in to theranch alone while I ride out to speakto Mr. Alcott?"Edith blushed & little. "Why, yes,of course I'll go, but but I wish youwould let me ride your horse back,Mr. Esterly. I'm so afraid Josephinewill buck.""Why, she's as safe as a church.And Billy here used to buck like aJack rabbit. Of course he's, all rightnow, though.""Please!" pleaded the girl.Harry Jumped from his horse andhelped Edith from the saddle."Let me change saddles iquickly," helaid. "We've no time to waste." AndIn a few minutes Edith was canteringswiftly towaf d the ranch house, whileHarry rode out toward the distantherd.Half an hour after Edith reachedvhe house the dust storm was uponthem. Whirlpools of dust were hurledupon the house by a howling windthat shook the very rafters.Hour after hour of intense dry heat,combined with the screeching of thewind, rasped the nerves almost to thebreaking point. Edith strolled restlessly from room to room, watchingthe dust sift in through the closedwindow and under the doors. Finallyshe approached Mr. Alcott, who hadcome in just after the storm broke."Has Mr. Esterly come in?" sheasked. "Would you' mind looking,Jimmy?" 'Mr. Alcott sighed patiently and wentout into the storm. In a few minuteshe returned, looking a little anxious."He's not there," he said. "He toldme he'd reach here by the time thestorm broke. It's letting up a little,and I'll send one of the men out soon,though nothing could have happenedto an old timer like Harry."Edith said nothing, but as the windlessened she stole softly from the roomand out toward the stables. Dusk wasjust beginning to deepen as she rodeswiftly out toward the stopping placeof the morning."If he got caught be made for thatlittle shelter, I know," she said to herself. "But I know that that Josephinehas done something, even if he is acowboy, and it's all my fault."She drew rein by the hillock. Backin its shadows sat Harry, pale, butcalmly smoking, until he saw the startled eyes of the girl. Edith gave himno time for questions. ,"Oh," she moaned, "I knew Josephine would do something!"Harry glanced in an embarrassedway at his ankle, about which he hadawkwardly tied a handkerchief."All my own carelessness," he said."I stood in the saddle to look for theherd, and if the blamed little impdidn't buck without a word of warning and throw me! I'll never hear theend of this at the ranch. First horsethat's thrown me in five years. They'llfind us in a little while. They knowthis place."But Edith could not see the humorof the situation."I was a selfish, cruel thing," shemoaned. "Oh, you poor, poor boy!"Harry looked at her closely. Then heleaned forward and quietly took possession of her hand."Edith," he said softly "Edith, doyou care?"Edith looked out into the dusk. "Acowboy," she' thought, "just a plaincowboy! What would they say?"Then with a deep blush she looked intohis face. "Yes," she half whispered,''I'm afraid I do. You see, I alwayssaid I'd never marry any but a college man.""Is that so?" chuckled Harry. "Well,you're keeping your vow. I have asheepskin kicking around in my stuffsomewhere.""And you never told me!" Edithexclaimed.Harry looked up in surprise. "Gee,"he said, "I'd forgotten all about it!"And he sighed in absolute content ashe felt Edith's face against his coatsleeve.Famous Men Tall and Short.v Among the very distinguished menof the country were some of largestature Charles Sumner, more thansix feet, four inches; Jefferson andAndrew Jackson, considerably morethan six feet in height. Among thoseof six feet and over may be mentionedSamuel Adams, George Washington.Lincoln, Bismarck, Thackeray, CharlesDarwin, Henry Ward Beecher, RufusChoate and' Daniel O'Connell. The listof famous men of medium height islong, including Browning and JohnAdams.55Disliked Cinematograph.While a performing tigress was being put through her tricks recentlyby her tamer Hervemann in front ofa cinematograph at Nice, France, shedisplayed the utmost resentment atseeing the apparatus leveled in herdirection. Failing to get at the instrument or its operator, she turnedon the trainer and mauled him severely.Quick Curtain!She was a very pretty girl and terribly enthusiastic. When the youngnavy officer was introduced to hershe made no attempt to disguise herInterest "I do so love the navy,"she chanted to him fervently, breathing her ecstatic emotion, "Where isthe navy now?"A Boy's Question.At times Johnny seems as if hewere a hundred years old. He has aquaint, bird-like way of cocking hishead on one side, and asking a question that appears to be the result ofyears of study. If I could answer someof those questions, I should solve thedarkest mysteries of life and death.T. B. Aldrich.Unselfishness.Unselfishness is so Inseparablylinked with motherhood that the possibility of overstepping safe boundariesand -thus creating selfish instincts inthe boy or girl for whom you are making all,sthe sacrifices seldom suggestsItself think about the matter sometime.Wasted Hints.A sea captain's wife tells this storyof a maiden lady, sister of one of theowners of the ship on which she oncemade a long voyage. She had verydecided opinions on most matters, andshe and the captain had many spiritedarguments at the dinner table.The captain's wife, a meek, submissive little soul, fearing that in the heatof argument her husband might saysomething'to offend their august passenger, was in the habit of kickinghim on the shins to hint at moderation. Nevertheless all these reminderspassed unheeded.One day she administered a morovigorous kick than usual and noticedan expression of pain flit across theface of the mate, who sat opposite her."Oh, Mr. Brown, was that yourshin?" she asked."Yes, Mrs. Blaikie," said the matemeekly, "hit's been my shin hall thevoyage, ma'am." Youth's Companion.The Why of a Pseudonym.The preference of many womenwriters for a male pseudonym isdoubtless a survival of the old superstition that to engage in the task ofauthorship was "unwomanly," theLondon Spectator says. The Brontesisters set the fashion in appearing asCurrer, Acton and Ellis Bell respectively. Their example was followedby George Eliot. But "George" is aname to which the distressed ladynovelist flies as to a city of refuge.We have had George Egerton, GeorgeFleming, George Taston and a host ofothers. Then, too, there have beenJohn Oliver Hobbes, Ralph Iron,Frank Hamel and Frank Danby. On.the other hand, Mr. Oliver MadoxHueffer shares with the late WilliamSharp the distinction of a femininedisguise, for he was known to thenovel reading public for a long timeas "Jane Wardle."A Suggestive Name."While walking in the south a littlewhile ago," a pedestrian writes, "Icame upon an old darky with a loadof hay. He was standing in the road,scratching his head and looking wor3ried oh, very worriedl" 'What's the matter, uncle? I.asked." 'Well, massa, I done got a load ofhay for a man and blessed if I can'member his name.'"Knowing most of the people aroundthere, I asked, "What does his namersound like?"" 'Well,' said uncle, It reminds me ofChristmas, Fourth o' July an' NewYear's. " 'Oh,' I said, 'you mean Holliday.'" 'Yessah, yessah, that's him!', "And away he went" San Francisco Chronicle.Time for Eggs to Hatch.The eggs of the pigeon are hatchedla two weeks, those of the fowl inthree, those "of the duck in four, thoseof the geese in five, and those of theostrich in seven weeks.Molded by AccidentIn all our reasoning concerning menwe must lay it down as a maxim thatthe greater part are molded by accident. Robert HalLLittle Increase of Spaniards.The population of Spain has increased in the last 45 years by only3,000,00p.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WatCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseasesthat its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheadg, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son." 9Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiccr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B. B B.)tt is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of theprison germs that cause catarrh. At-$hesame tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)"gunnes cue moon, uutss away witnevery sympenom oicacarrn. u. n. a.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving, warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andrn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by 'writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga, Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.j iu r r ,I REMEMBER, I REMEMBER,I remember, I remember,The house where I was born.The sight of that lopsided shackToday would make me mournThe crooked little brick paved walk,-The henhouse In the Tear, ,With cabbage growing at the side -And pigsty rather near.I remember, I remember,The corncob father had.A five cent piece of navy plugIn those days made him glad);The old stove In the kitchenAnd father's stockinged feet.All tnt was ere prosperitySwept us on Easy street.I remember, I remember,The pump in our back yard,Where father watered all the stockAnd found it rather hard. jkBut now he has another way 'And needs no trough or pumpHe waters stock down in the streetAnd makes the lambkins jump.I remember, I rememberBut, oh, the changes wroughtAre queerer than the little dukeThat Sister Helen bought! s vSince father goes to twenty clubs.And mother has her setWe have no use for mem'ry's art"We're trying to forget!-Jacob J. Ieibson in Kansas City Star.To Renew Acquaintance.riL"Goodby, dear boy.us in town."Do come to see-Monogamy Is Explained.A woman missionary in China wastaking tea with a mandarin's eightwives. The Chinese ladies examinedTier clothing, her hair, Her teeth, andso on, but her feet especially amazedthem."Why," cried one, "you can walk,and run as well a's a man!""Yes, to be sure," said the missionary. "Can you ride a horse and swinatoo?" '"Yes.""Then you must be as strong asaman.""I am.""And you wouldn't let a man' beatyou, not even if he was your husband,would you?""Indeed, I wouldn't," said the missionary. The mandarin's eight ladles lookedat one another, nodding their heads.Then the oldest said softly: V"Now I understand why the foreigndevil never has more than one wifeHe is afraid." Detroit Free Press.Too Public For Him.He was a mild mannered little man,short, with gray hair and spectacles.It was noon on Washington street,and, as usual,kthe crowds were shoving and pushing to get somewhere.The little man was trying to worm hisway through the crowds.A well dressed woman, accompaniedby a small boy, was mixed, up in thecrowd. She wanted to cross the streetThe boy stopped to look in a window.The lady reached down and graspeda hand, saying, "Take my hand, dear.'""Not right here on the public street,""she was startled to hear some one reply. Looking down, she saw that she wasclasping the hand of the very inoffensive little man, who seemed to bemuch confused and embarrassed."Sir," said she haughtily, "I don'twant you; I want my son!" BostortTraveler.Making It Legal."We didn't know what to do aboutthe Piute Pete," said the CrimsonGulch citizen. "He was a real goodfeller, but he would be careless aboutshootin' up the populace." '"Did you straighten out the matter?"""To some extent. We elected himsheriff, thereby makin' it look a littlemore legal." Washington Sear.Hubby Gets Orders.Wife What's that white' stuff, onyour shoulder?Husband Chalk, from a billiard que.you know.Wife (sniffing) Hereafter I wish youto use chalk that doesn't smell liketoilet powder. New York Weekly.No Improvements; 'Johnny They're makin' shingles outo' cement nowadays."Dickey I don't mind that so much.but If ma ever gets a pair of cementBlippers I'm goin' to run away!"Brooklyn Life.To Get Facts."I irtsh I knew which one of thosoyoung men to marry. I believeI nhaliconsult a fortune teller.""That's a good idea. Consult Bradstreet's." Houston PostAny One Knows,"Oh. Bill, what's the knigkt of the.Bath?" , v"Why, Saturday, you , boneheadrTale Record. ' "t i4'Mff;'i&K?8',BsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15, 1911.!14!li3IIMKIigBIrds Blown Out to Sea.More than & dozes, birds, includingan owl, wrens, thrushes and chaffinches, alighted exhausted on thedeck of the steamer Caledonia, boundfrom Manchester to Boston. All except two chaffinches died immediately. They had. It Is believed, beenblown out to sea by a gale.9Jasters SaleOFOff Property.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Anna Massie, Executrix, &c.On petition.By virtue of a judgment Tand orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,ot the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., oncredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the property described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit:The property to be sold consists ofa lot and warehouse thereon in Paris,Ky.. adjoining the right of way of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company and decsribed as folllows :A certain brick warehouse and lot inParis, Bcurbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thefront by said street 103 feet beginningat the corner of the brick warehousenow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcratt at a point marked A on theaide towards the Kentucky CentralRailroad and tunning from said corneralong said Main cross street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram marked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked C on the diagram thewall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehousebeing on the line ; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance of 30 feetjrunnmg along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central passenger -dopot to the corner of the housemarked D on Xht diagram given herein ; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of61 1-2 feet ; thence from the pointmarked E at the end of Hutchcraf t'swarehouse along the line of said warebouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedF on the diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches, and thence from saidcorner along the said side of saidwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court.The purchaser will be required toftxecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety bearing interestat the rateof six pel cent per annumfrom date until paid, having the forceand effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be accepted for less than$8,000.RUSSELL MANN,M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.bloodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases!)y curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen:- .Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and f suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly.Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W; T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker goodasnew.SAMUEL CLAY.28 tf R. F. D. No. 3.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, Aug. 20, '11Fare $1.51 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. in.,iwumuj icaves uiuuinnaii stn JSt.station 7 p. m.Excoriion tickets good only onipeci&l train in both directions.For further information apply toW:.H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.IEarly Sunday Morning Fire.Fire of an unknown origin broke oatm the store of Bennie Weissberg at anearly hour Sunday morning and entailed a loss on the stock of clothingcarried by the establishment to theextent of $8,000, which is only partlycovered by insurance, while the building on Main street in which it is located suffered but little damage.The fire was discovered about 2:30o'clock by Patrolman Chas. Thomaswho sent in the alarm and in a fewminutes the fire department wts onthe scene. Patrolman Thomas, -whowas making his rounds, saw smokeemitting irom the windows of thebuilding and made an investigationfinding the entire building filled witha dense smoke.The fire department responded to 'analarm from Box 46 and had two linesturned into the threatened building.At first it was thought the fire hadstarted on the second floor and a lineof hose was run to the second story.This floor was flooded with water before it was observfd the fire wassmouldering among the clothing on thefirst floor.The firemen effected an entrancefrom Main street by breaking out theplate glass in the front door and it wasnot long before the seat of the firewas located. The burning clothes,were thrown out on the floor and extinguished.Owing to the location of the store,which is in the Singer building between the clothing store of Mitchell &Blakemore and the Postal Telegraphoffice and wall paper store of S. E.Borland, which adjoins the liverystable of D. W. Peed, it was fearedfor a time a disastrous fire would result. The timely discovery and theprompt work of the firemen before itgot beyond control, probably prevented a serious conflagration.Most of the damage sustained byMr. Weissberg, was from the smokeand water. Outside of several suits ofclothes and a number of pairs of overalls, nothing else was burned. Thefloors were flooded with water whichran through from the second storygreatly damaging the fixtures uponwhich he carried insurance to theamount of $500 with the aeencv of W.A. Thompson.Upon the stock Mr. Weissberg carried $4,000 insurance, $2,000 withMcClure & Clendenin, and $1,000 eachwith the agencies .of Wilmoth andVarden and C. L. Blackerhy.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Drought Situation Relieved.While extremely warm weather prevails in this section the drought situation was relieved to some extentSunday afternoon when a steady rainfell for about two hours, and whichwas general throughout the county. Inthe vicinity of Millersburg it is reported the rain which lasted for fully twohours, came in torrents, bringing relief to the farmers in, that section whowere despairing of their crops. AtHutchison the farmers were treated toa glorious shower and in North Middletown precinct where there has 'notbeen a precipitation of any consequence for two months a bountifulrain fell.Fine Chance for SfarGazers.A most interesting and speetacularastral phenomenon is promised thecountry Wednesday and Thursdaynights of this week. Mara and Saturnwill be in conjunction Wednesdaynight and the following night Mars,Saturn and the moon will be in conjunction. Mars apparently will pass very closeto Saturn and to the naked eye Wednesday it will appear as bright as adouble star, since the distance betweenthe two will ne only 21 minutes of anarc or about two-thirds the apparentwidth of the moon.Mars will pasTs north of Saturn, andthe moon will be to the left or east ofthe planets. It will be close Wednesday night but Thursday the three will"almost appear as one.EiXcept for thp moon the two planetswill be the brightest objects in thesky Wednesday night,say astronomers.Mars is very bright now, almost asbright as Venus. Saturn also 'isbright, and the two together will forma sight well worth looking at.They will rise about ten o'clock andstay together all night 3ide by side.They will be very conspicious.Division Boards Elected.The following Division Boards andChairmen were recently elected for theschool districts of Bourbun county,division No. 1, D C. Lyle. chairman :Jackson, Allen Rowland; Clay's CrossRoads, J. M. .Leach; Monterey, FrankWhite (appointed by the electionboard) ; Ford's Mill, Grant Galloway.Division No. 2, Wesley Florence,chairman; Eals, Wesley Florence;Kiserton, J. C. Keller; Palmer, T. B.Brannock- Pleasant Green, C. HCuster; Mcllwain. T. W. Current'.Division No. 3. F. F. Hurst, chairman ;Tarr, Letton Vimont; Jefferson, R. L.Tarr. Divisoin No. 4, Mrs. J. B.Ockerman, chairman; Letton. JosephBotkms; Beaver.Mrs. Albert Mitchell.Division No. 5. Stony Point, J. N.Mason, Cunningham, James A. Liter.Division No. 6, Hutchison, JcspehJacoby.Next Friday and Saturday an examination of white teachers for nmintvcertificates will be held in the Superintendent's office in the court hnnspNext Friday at the same place anexamination will be held for applicants to the Eastren Kntucky StateNormal School.! -For God's Sake Do Something?o nave answered tais errSTthe Traffio In YoanR GirlsDistrict Attorney sima'andothers. The moat sensa.hv TOrncuit-- A Roll TT ajianai indictment ot thewnite Blare Trade everjmDiunea. it tells fcovrthousands ot young girlsare lured from their koaesannually and sold into alife of shame. Tho Cincinnati Inquirer eaya, "Of alltba books of th season the WarOS the White Stare Trade U tbenot helpful ; it should bo readW wkt man, woman andchild. IgMts are making frosM to f 17 a day MUIag this book.OrerftOO pafec Maaypictaret.Sea 15c tor fenrardiBg oaarrnce i.w. Best terse togytey wh rfU Bpe reeelBtet prW.IaSMittafcCaSlJLa-gtliQ HMvfe.TYa.iWgtfternHniiqm- A-AAABASE BALL.FRIDAY.Paris . . 23 12 657Lexi'g'n 20 15 571Richm'd 17 18 486Win'ster 15 21 417The last game of the series with theLawmakers was lost by Paris by ascore of 7 to 4. The lacals outhit theFrankfort men but could not connectat the right time, while errors helpedtheir opponents in counting runs,tiaker pitched for Frankfort and wasnot near so effective as in his firstgame on the local grounds. The score :Paris 10020001 0-4Frankfort 40110001 x 7BatteriesParis, George and Mayer; Frankfort, Baker and Kunkle.Errors Paris 4, Frankfort 1. HitsParis 13, Frankfort 11. Earned runsParis 4, Frankfort 4. Two base hitsKunkle, Goodman, Konnick. Threebase "hit Konnick. Bases on ballsoff George 3. Struck out by George6, by Baker 3. Left on bases Paris4, Frankfort 8. Double plays Hoffman, Seeback, Meyers. Stolen basesKuhlman, Nicholson. Sacrifice hitCramer. Time 1:45. Umpire Sinex.' Richmond 7, MaysvilleChester 2, Lexington 0.4. Win-SATURDAY.Paris ' . . 23 12 657Lexi'g'n 20 15 571M'y'sv'e 18 18 500Richm' d 16 21 432Fr'nkf't 15 20 429Win'ster 15 21 417Rain interferedchester-Paris gamewith theWin-atter-Saturdaynoon. Unly one game was played inthe league, Maysville defeating Richmond by a score of 6 to 5.SUNDAY.Paris .. 24 13 649Lexi'g'n 21 16 568M'ysVe 18 19 486Richm'd 17 21 447Fr'nkf't 16 20 444Win'ster 15 22 405Sunday afternoon the Bourbonitesjourneyed to Lexington where theymet theColts in a double bill, winningthe first game by a score of 8 to 2 andlosing the second by a score of 7 to 3.w In the first game the locals hammered Schneider from the mound in thefirst inning and when Robbins wassent in to stem the tide the slug-festcontinued.In the fourth McKernan was put outof the game for disputing a decision ofUmpire McGloom.Hauser again had the "goaat" ofthe Yanr.ey crew and delivered thegoods in the opening bill," but twogames proved too much and after thesecond game had gone two inningsGeorge was substituted.Tafferty hurled the second game forthe Colts and held the Bourbonites tofour hits, two of which went for homeruns. The score; First game.Paris 30031010 08Lexington 0002000 0 02Batteries Paris, Hauser and Mayer;Lexington, Schneider, Robbins andCriss. Hits Paris 14, Lexington 87.Errors Paris 7, Lexington 2. Earnedruns 1 Paris 4. Two base hits Mayer,Harrell, Maxwell, Hauser. First onballs off Robbins 2. Stolen basesChapman, Yancey. Struck out byHauser 8, by Robbins 5. Left onbases Paris 5, Lexington 11. Doubleplay Smykal to Viox to Badger. Wildpitch Robbins. First base on errorsParis 5. Hit by pitcher Goodman.'Time 2:05. Umpire McGloom.Second game.Paris 1 1Lexington 1 5Batteries Paris, Hauser,0 0 130 0 1-7George,Mayer, Goodman, Harrell; Lexington,Tafferty and Criss. Hits Paris 4,Lexington 7. Errors Paris 3. Earned runs Paris 2, Lexington 5. Homeruns McKernan, Chapman. First onballs-off Hauser 1, off Tafferty 3.Stolen bases tiaschang, Yancey 2.Struck out by Hauser 1, by George 2,by Tafferty 4. Left on bases--Paris 1,Lexington-2. Double plays Mawxellto Barnett. First base on errorsParis 1. Hit by pitcher Viox. Time1:23. Umpire McGloom.Both contests were long 'drawn outand tired the large crowd very much.Fully two hundred Paris fans 'wentover on three cars to witness thegames.Upmire McGloom'officiated in bothgames and he showed up as about oneof the rankest officials that ever donned a windpad and mask.McKernan's protest resulted in hisbeing put out of the game by McGloomand George was fined $5 for talking alittle too loud on the coaching line.Hauser couldn't go the full twogames and did well to pull out withthe fitst, owing to the numerous misplajs and decisions of "his umps."Goodman couldn't "come back" as abackstop, and Harrell went behindthe bat in the second game after Mayer was injured.McGloom's vision was extremelybad. Eight decisions at first basehelped Lexington some and deprivedParis of several chances. On ballsand strikes he was the limit.Mayer was struck on the right handby a pitched ball and two fingers weremashed. McGloom saw the injury butwould not permit Mayer to take hisnase as the ball bounded in thediamond and Criss fielded it toBadger. Mayer will be out for severaldays nursing his injured band.THURSDAY.Paris . . 25 13 658Lexi'g'n 21 16 568M'ys'v'e 19 19 500Richro d 17 22 436Fr'nkf't 16 21 435Win'ster 16 22 421Paris proved the best in the contestwith the Pioneers at White Parkyesterday afternoon by a score of 4 to1. Both Sterling and Scheneberzwere on their mettle and hittinghonors between gthe two clubs wereequally divided. The Pioneers, bowever had the better of the long hittingand lour of their sixsafeties went forextra bases.The locals were able to connect -with jSterling when their safeties countedI fir rnna snri nmmln mUt. 4- ..:plays they were enabled to assume alead which the visitors were unable toM'ysVe 16 20 444 overcome. In the third inning GoodFr'nkf 't 15 20 429 nian put the ball oer the left fieldi fence for a home run.Richmond 0 0000000 11Pans 2 0100010 x-4Batteries Paris, Scheneberg andMaffitt; Richmond, Sterling andHaley. Hits Paris 6, Ricbnnnd 6.Errors Paris 3, Richmond 2. Twobase hits Bramlage, .Whitaker, Harrell, Haley. Three base hits McGuire. Home runGoodman. Baseson balls off Sterling 2. Struck outby Sterling 6, by Scheneberg 2. Lefton bases Pairs 2, Richmond 3. Doubleplaya McKernan to Barnett, Baird toOlson, Bramalge to Olson to Haley.First base on errors Richmond 1,Paris 2. Sacrifice hits Chapman.Time 1:30. Umpire Elgin.Good Show at the Grand.The Grand can boast of an excellentbill for the first two niehts of thepresent week. Last night the management presented two very high classacts. Clayton Crouch, a black facecomedian, presented an excellentmonologue while Palmer and Larue amusical team delighted the audiencewith their high class act. Anotherpleasing feature of the bill is the singing of Miss Birdie Wollstein, whosevocal selection charmed her hearers.Two excellent motion pictures completed one of the most meritoriousbills ever presented to the patrons ofthe popular play-house.Petty Thefts Committed.The police are on the lookout for awhite man who has for several daysbeen committing petty thefts in thiscommunity. Friday evenng a bicyclebelonging to Bnone Baldwin wasstolen from in front of his residenceon South Main street and later disposed of to James Eads for $3. Eads tookthe bicycle to Lavin & Connell's forrepairs, and at the store the wheelwas recognized as belonging toBaldwin, who was notified. He cameto the store and Eads turned the bicycle oyer to its owner and explainedhow it came in his posesession. Hegave a description of the man who hasnot been seen since the incident. Early Saturday evening porch cushionsand pillows from a I baby bucerv weretaken from the porch of Dr. J. W.Jameson's residence on Pleasantstreet. The man was seen in theneighborhood carrying the pillows andis believed to be the same that committed the theft of Mr.' Baldwin's bicycle.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was TissuedWednesday by County Clerk Paton toMr. John Klump and Miss Emma,Yarnell, both of'this county.RELIGIOUS.Rev. Camillus P. Maes, of Covington, Bishop of the Catholic Diocese ofCovington, in which Paris is located,is reported to be in a serious conditionat Monroe, Mich.Maysville Buys Holder.President Thomas M. Russell, of theMaysville Baseball Club, Friday forwarded a check f or $200 to Terre Hautefor Catcher Holder. This makesHolder a definite fixture with theMaysville club. The money was raisedby popular subscription.Jail Residence Being Hazed.A large force of hands began workyesterday in tearing down the residence of the county jail and it is expected the task will ba completed today, when work upon the foundationfor the new structure will be begunimmediately. Jailer Joe Farris andfamily moved last Thursday into theHaines.property directly opposite thejail which they will occupy until thenew residence is completed. The newstructure, which will be built to admitthe construction of another track ontnhe line of the L. & N. will be ufgreater depth but much narrower thanthe old building.Bargains in Wall Paper.Look at my bargains in wall paper.Expert decorators ready to fill yourorders promptly.J. T. HINTON.Hospital league to Serve FairDinner.The Bourbon County Hospital Leaguecomposed of a large number of ladiesof this city and county will serve dinner at the Bourbon Fair this year.The league, which is made up of morethan one hundred members of representative families, and as they willhave the co-operation and assistanceof the best housekeepers in this section, it is an assured fact that the dinners will be up to the standard alreadyattained by the ladies of the Methodistand Baptist cnurches, and of the Bourbon County School ImprovementLeague, who have previously hadcharge ofthe dining room, particularly as many members of the HospitalLeague are also members of theseorganizations.Women and Physical Fitness.If women are going to busy themselves with men's work, they musttake the same means to keep themselves fit for it The habit of ageshas taught them to take delight inproviding as good fare as possiblefor their menkind. Now they mustlearn to do the same good offices forthemselves and for each other. Fromthe Lady. , ,Gallery -of Old Roman Villa.A subterranean gallery filled withancient statues still standing on theiroriginal pedestals was the startlingand interesting discovery accidentallymade a few days ago at Genzano,near Lake Nemi, Italy. The gallery lapartially choked with loose earth andrubbish and the statues have not yetbeen identified. Evidently the gallerybelonged to a Roman villa or atemple.Candidates lor Council An-nounce.Thejpresent members of the CityCouncil are announced in this issue asDemocratic candidates for nominationfor election in November.Their management of the 'differentdepartments.deserves endorsement ofthe heartiest kind assuring their termthe city's streets have all bteii put inthe very best condition, many newones, having been made and the oldones having been thoroughly reconstructed. Many new pavements havebeen laid and the general condition ofthe city is as good as can be" kfouud inany city of its clasB.The best feature of it all is that thishas all been accomplished with alowered tax rate and without borrowing money in the present year as hasbeen necessary for a number of yearsheretofore.It would be the proper thing to return the present council without opposition as an expression of appreciationof the discharge of their duties withsuch,faithfulness and eminent success.Transferred to Paris.Mr. J. W. Wash, formerly managerof the Maysvile Telephone Co., hasbeen transferred to the office in thiscity where he will fill the position ofphmt foreman, a position recentlycreated by the local company. Mr.Wash will have charge of the reconstrcution work of the company in thiscounty.DEATHS. ,The eight months old daughter ofFinley Ryles residing on the Dan Peedfarm on the Cynthiana pike diedyesterday about noon. The funeralwill be held at the grave in theJacksonville cemetery this afternoon.The infant son of Mr. Stoll Collins, residing on the farm of Mr. 'DanPeed, on the Cynthiana pike, diedyesterday. The burial took placeMonday afternoon in the Jacksonvllecemetery.Without Naming Names.An alienist says that one out ofevery 279 residents of thi3 city 13 insane. And each of the 279 is absolutely certain he knows which one.New York Herald.Police Judge and Clerk Fight.As a result of the bitterness in thecontest Saturday in Frankfort in theDemocratic mass convention againstthe Beckham and anti-Beckham sun-porters to select delegates to theState Democratic Convention, MayorJames H. Polsgrove and Circuit ClerkPen Marshall had a fist fight in thatcity Sunday.Circuit Clerk Marshall, a leader ofthe anti-Beckham faction, called MayorPolsrgove an attic politician, andMayor Polsrgove replied Jthat he hadthe credential and would sit in theconvention.Mr. Marshall said that he had secured the credentials dishonorably, andtnen the lie was passed. Mr. Marshallstruck Mayor Polsgrove on the nose,knocking off his glasses and markinghim slightly.Friends interfered and there was nofurther trouble.fr? 'idfri Kirfdor mA Rf-C.V J--"-&&vjl aiiu jlulx iiicui JL-jYCiMNINTHKentack.cXOUISVIIXE,SEPTEMBER 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 1911.FIX BE THERE! WILL YOU?THRILLING FREE ACTS DAILYRACING - - LIVE STOCK SHOWFINE HORSES - - GOOD MUSICCLEAN MIDWAY - EDUCATION-HEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MORE GLASSES AND LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information or catalogue write toID)One LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sizeGeo. M'Willams,Nomdre tickets given on raffle until further notice.- iTHE KNAPP IDEA."Punishment Shrtuld Fit the Criminal,Not th Crime.""What do you think of a chief of police who loves Emerson, reads WaltWhitman and believes in the Christidea as a good working propositionevery day in the week?" asks GeorgeCreel in the American Magazine."Well, that's Perry Knapp of Toledo,O., and prominent above all else in hisoffice is this placard: 'PunishmentShould Fit the Criminal, Not theCrime.' That's the Knapp idea! Hodoesn't divide humanity into 'good'and 'bad' classes, nor does he believethat justice is best served by malignant and relentless pursuit of every offender against some law. Instead ofconsidering himself as a millstone forthe grinding of human grist, he actsas a man dealing with men. Whileconvinced that society needs protection against wrongdoers, he rejectsthe usual theory that society must be-L revenged on wrongdoers." 'Golden Kule' Jones took clubsaway from the policemen and gavethem canes. When Perry Knapp waspromoted to be chief he banished thecanes, so that the Toledo bluecoatereally express the majesty of the law,not a mere threat of violence."Of course there are those who believe that vice and crime must bedealt with by force and that theslightest gentleness will encouragewrongdoing. As an answer to thesethe percentage of crime is less in Toledo than any other city of its size illthe country. And many a chief of police, scratching his head in perplexedfashion, has wondered why PerryKnapp has 'so little trouble.' "MISSED HIS GUESS.Commissioner of Patents EllsworthWas a Poor Prophet.In one week recently the patent'office issued 778 patents. The totalnumber issued up to date was 994,104Kin sight of the million mark.In view of these figures the following excerpt from the report of thecommissioner of patents for the year1843 is of interest as showing howwidely a man, even a commissioner ofpatents, can miss his guess:The whole number of patents issued bythe United States up to January, 1844, was13,523. The patents granted for the pastyear (1843) were 531 in number, exceedingthose of the previous year by twenty-four.The advancement of the arts from yearto year taxes our credulity and seems topresage tho early arrival of that periodwhen human improvement must end. .HENRY W. ELLSWORTH, 1Commissioner of Patents.In 1844 there were no telegraphs, telephones, automobiles, electric lights ormotors, phonographs or airships. Antiseptic surgery was still in the dim fu-jture, and doctors were swathing typhoid fever patients in blankets andimmuring them in unventilated rooms,while people still walked ten miles tosee a railroad train. New York Times.TT TP-rComANNUALFBair!StatePERRY M. SHY, Secretary,No. 320 Paul Jones Building(opmJ.Vl-V,tv.vVTHE BOURBON JNEWS, .PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST ,15, 1911.fHls. BOURBON NEWS.twfajpvr(ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGProtect your growing tobacco against hail.THOMAS & WOODFORD,fire and Tornado Insurance.School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland will open. her private school on September 4 for classiiication. Work will beign September11. Number of pupils limited. Yourpatronage solicited. 15 8tFrame Cottage Sold.Ossian Edwards sold last week toEdward C. Gorey, two small framecottages located in Claysville at a private price. The property is occupiedl?y nergo tenants.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper.City Property Sold.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Sat-,urday for Master Commissioner Mannthe livery stable on Pleasant tstreethclnnn-ic to the estate of the lateMrs. Mary-E. Griffith to Jamesdure for $2,915.Mc-Attention.Gee Hinton's wall paper.Colored Campmeeting.K. Quarles, the colored divine, willconduct a campmeeting at Berry'sGrove, mid-way between Paris andLexing'on on the interurban line onSunday, August 20. The meeting willbe held only for one day.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper.Big Shipment of Seed. 'J. B. Walker, of Richmond.shippedrecently to Chas. S. Brent & Bro., cfParis, 10,000 bushels of bluegrass seeuthat was purchased in Madison counly,at prices ranging from $1.50 to $1.63per bushel.School Opening.Mrs. Lizzie Wakler will organize herschool Monday, Septembe 4. Yourpatronage solicited. 11 6tBoil Your Water.r This is the season of the year fortyphoid fever. Be careful about yourdrinking water. It may I be good,possibly it is bad. Boil it and besafe.TheBoard of Health 8 lggests the abo eto all of the people of Paris.Warehouse Sold.Messrs. W. P. Ardery and OssianEdwards sold to J. H. Stivers, of theStivers Lumber Copmany, the framewarehouse on Main street at the intersection of Fifteenth, which Mr.Stivera'now occupies The price paida reported at $6,000.Gasoline Stove Explodes.A gasoline stove in the bouse occupiedby Deck Williams, colored, onbycamore street exploded Saturdaymorning causing a small blaze. Thefare department responded promptlyand extinguished the flames with butlittle damage. The house is owned byLucy Hayden, colored.Large Number at Parks Hill.A large number from Paris andBourbon county attended the ParksHill campmeeting Sunday, fully threehundred tickets being sold from thispoint. In spite of '.he large attendancefrom this city and county the totalnumber of tickets sold shows a fallingeff of that of last year.Immense Stock of Wall Paper.Bigariety of wall paper -to selectfrom,rand it must be sold. Bargainsfor you.J. T. HINTON.Parks Hill Ready for Veterans.Great preparations are being" madeby the Executive Committee of theMorgan's Men Association for theannual reunion which will be held atParks Hill Chautauqua grounds on the15th and 16 of August. The committee is exDectine one of the largestcrowds that has ey,er attended a reunion. Notice."The Paris Lumber & ManufacturingCompany, Inc., announces that Mr.S. M. Smith has tendered his resignation as Vice President and GeneralManager of the said company at Paris,which resignation has been accepted,and that Mr. L. M. Sellier has beenrlaced in charge pf said business asG.neral Manager.We desire to thank the public jorthe favors heretofore extended our firmand to bespeak for the new manager acontinuation of such treatment.No one else has any authority tomake Contracts or to collect money forii ovf pnf-. Mr. Sellier.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO., Inc.Negro Shoots Another Black.Chas. Clarke, a negro, shot andwounded Sam Secrest, also colored, inan altercation which occurred lateThursday eveniig on the farm of L.eeDeavers, a few miles from Paris onthe Jackstown pike.Both negroes, it is said, had neenpaying attention to a negro woman inthat neighboihojd, and ftom this thedifficulty arose, resulting in Clarkemptying the contents of shotguninto Secrest The charge took 4 effectin his cheat, face and left arm. inflicting dangerous wounds and probablydestroying the sight of the right eyeClark. ho Was employed on thefarm of Mr. b. G. Clay, was arrested. -il. . T?rirv nomine andh:ouht-toyjaris,where;hewa8in jail.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. W. E. Simms is at OlympiaSprings for a short stay.Mr. Harry Simon left Sunay for abusiness trip to New York.Miss Katherine Davis, is visitingMiss Katherine Headrey in Lexington.Miss Nellie West will leave Thursday for Cincinnati where she has aposition.Mr. and Mrs.' Robert Goggin leftyesterday for a two weeks' stay atSwango.Misses Editb and Mamie Stiversare visiting Miss Julia Gaines inFrankfort.Mrs. Jessie Ellis is visiting, herbrother, Mr. Chas. Howard, inIndianapolis.Misses Nellie and Altha Lewis, ofGallatin, Tenn., are guests of Mr. andMrs. Ed Turner.Misses Helen Hardin and MarieHowe, of Moorefield, are guests ofMrs. Frank Burns. .. fcMrs. Shaffer, of Springfield, O., iavisiting her daughter, Mrs. W. J.Huffman, in this city.Mias Lucy Lowry, of Cincinnati,is visiting her sister, Mrs. J. B. Wilson, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mr. Evan Rogers, of Minneapolis,Minn , is visiting his mother Mrs.Lou Rogers, on Cypress street.Mi?s Caroline Roseberry has returned from a visit of several days 10Miss Ollie Mae Clark in Lexington.Miss Garce West, who has -beenthe guest of Mrs. T. M. Funk, has returned to her home in Nicholasville.Judge Russell Mann is steadilyimproving from his severe illness andwill be able to go about in a few days.Col. C. M. Clay attended themeeting of the Board of Curators ofState University at Lexington yesterd?y. Miss Marguerite Jurey, who hasbeen the guest of Mrs. J. S. Wilson,left yesterday for her home in PeweeValley.Mrs. Thos. Allen and little daughter are the guests of Mrs. Allen'smother, Mrs. Nannie Ashbrook, inCynthiana.Misses Beatrice and JeromeChapman have returned home from avisit to their grandparents, Senatorand Mrs. W. T. Pritchardin Boydcounty.- M .Miss Willie Lou Jacoby, who wastaken to the St. Joseph Hospital, LexinRton.last week by Dr. Wm. Kenney,where she underwent an operation formastoids, is doing nicely.Mr. and Mra. Ernest Bashford andlittle son, 'Ernest Bashford, Jr., of St.Lcuis, Mo., will arrive in a few dayso visit Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Power andMiss Mary Bashford.Miss Katie Graham Thompson, theguest of her aunt, Mrs. J. T. Hintun,has returned' from Lexington whereshe has been the guest cf Miss Elizabeth Bewlay, for the Lexington " Fair.Mrs. A. P. Allis, who recentlyunderwent an operation at a Cincinnati hospital for cataract of fthe eye,has recovered sufficiently to leave theinstitution and is visiting Miss BettieBallard, in Richmond.i Miss Lena Benton, of Frankfort,State Registrar U. D. C'will arriyethis morning to be the guest of MissCarroll Leer, near town, and togetherwith Mrs. C. C. Leer, they will attendthe reunion of Morgan's Men at ParksHill today and tomorrow.Mr.R. Q. Thompson, who hasbeen the guest of Mrs. J. T. Hinton,left yesterday for Boston from whichport he will start on his fall trip assalesman for a leading phoe manufacturing firm. Mrs. Thompson anddaughter. Miss Katie Graham Thompson will remain here several weeksbefore returning to their home inColumbia, S. C.Miss Anna Wilson entertainedwith a dance at Elks' Hall Fridayevening. The music was f urnishpd byMiss Eleanor Broyle, of Lexington,and Mr. Julian Howe, of Paris. Thehall, which was tastefully decoratedfor the occasion in green and white,presented a beautiful appearance.Refreshments consisting of ices andcakes were served guests during theintermission. Those present were :Misses Suretta Redmon, EleanorClay, Marie Talbott, Mary MitchellClay. Frances Clay, Patsy Clark,Margaret Ferguson, Katherine Marsh.Helen Desha, Louise Steele, AugustaRogers, Margaret Ardery, NannetteWallingford, Elizabeth Brown, Elizabeth Renick, Alice Rogers Clay, MarianAlexander, Elizabeth Clay Alexander,Eliazbeth Tarr, Elizabeth Yerkes.MaryAdams Talbott, Anine Daugherty,Frances Champ, Hattie Hill O'Neil,Sarah Charlana Ball, VirginlaMoffett,Dorcas Ussery.Messrs. Ireland Davis, Harry BrentFithian, Lyons Board, William Taylor,Fithian Faries, Edward Faries, HughFerguson, Charlton Clay, John Price,Harold Harris, Blair Varden, $ WilliamTalbott, Thomas Prichard, John KeithVansant, lEdgar Vansant, SidneyArdery, Fay Ardery, John Ardery,Douglas Clay. .Will Estill Moore,Rogers Moore, Edward Fithian,Harvey Rogers, Julian Rogers, Fielding Rogers, John T. Woodford, ScottWoodford, Brooks Woodford, 'JoeDavis. Landiam Payne, Hiram Rose-berry, Logan Threlkeld.H. B. Fithian,Duke Brown.Miss Eleanor Clay, daughter ofM r. and Mrs. O. p. Clay, entertainedwith a delightful dancu at Elks Halllant evening. The decorations of greenand white were beautifully arrangedand the occasion was one of the mostdelightful. Refreshments were servedthe guests during the intermission.Those present were : -Misses Patsy Ciark, Anna Wilson,Alice Rogers Clay, Charlena Ball,Elizabeth Tarr, Kathryn Marsh,Augusta Rogers, Catherine Wilson,Hattie O'Neil, Annie .Daugherty,ooion npsha. Marv M. Clay, FrancesClay, Marie Talbott, Frances Hancock. Elizabeth Yerkes, MargaretFerguson, Helen Jiutcncrarc, iNeuCrutcher, Suretta Redmon, MaryHutchcr&ft, Louise Steele, NanetteWallingford, Anuis Embry, MargaretArdery. 'Elizabeth Renick, UiliazbethBrown, Marian Alexander, Elizabeth.Clay -Alexander, Rachel , Wiggins,Annette Martin, Lexington, Lucy ClayWoodford, Mt. Sterling, Carolyn Rosetnrry, Elizabeth Whitridge, Sat ahThompson, Marguerite Douglass,Elizabeth, Hinton, Frances Champ,Colate Bascome, Sharpsburg, EllenTowles, Josie Gardner, Marie Collins,North Middletown, Harriett Rogers,Maiy Bennett Fisher. Ella Crawford,Virginia Moffett, Miss Shackleford,Miss Guisriter; Mr. and Mrs. C. C.Clark and Mrs. Juhn Collins, NorthMiddletown, Mrs. C. M. Clay, Mrs.Warren Rogers. Mrs. Thompson Tarr,Mrs. B. M. Renick, Mrs. Frank Clay,Mr. and Mrs. John Talbott, NorthMiddletown, Mrs. Charles Hinkle, Mrs.Walker Buckner, Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Mrs. Lewis Rogers, Mrs. JamesWilson, Mrs. J. T. Brown, Dr. andMrs. D. B. Andersonj Messrs. RobyClay, Lexington, Edward Spears,Charlps Spears. Claud Clark, CharlesFithian, Winn Hutchcraft, Jim Buckner, William Taylor, Stanley Young,Bennett Young, Graham SToung, William" Collins. William Redmon, Stanley Dickson, Robert Jones, FlournoyHagan, William Boardman, EdwardPrichard, Joe Davis, Coleman Renick,John Price, Harry bithian, OscarHinton, John Ardery, Sidney Ardery,Clay Ward, Hugh Ferguson, Will Kenney Ferguson, Charlton Clay, MillerWard, William Talbott, Blair Varden,Curry Martin, Hamilton Roberts,Albert Jewel, Lexington, EdwardFaries, Fithian Faries, Lyons Board,Winn Lyle. Dr. C. G. Daugherty,Keuben Hutchcraft, Fielding Rogers,Harvey Rogers, Scott Woodford, HJohnWooaord, Brooks Woodford, CassiusClay, John H. Clay, Edgar Dodge,Hiram Uoseberry,N Duke Brown, Edwrad Fithian, John Stuart, DouglasClay, Will Estill Moore, Rogers Moore,Edward Myall, Landrail Payne, TornPrichard, Logan Threlkeld,- Nicholasville, William Woodtord and EdwardBogie, Mt. Sterling, Ireland Davis,Harrf-11 Harris, Clarence Barbe, JohnKeith Vansant, Edgar Vansant, TomVansant and Jim Vansant, Mt. Sterling, .James Thompson, George WhiteFithian, Edwin Thomas, WallaceClark, Wallace Douglas, Willam Buckner, Woodford Buckner.Mr. Wm. Shire left Sunday forNew York.Mrs. J. T. Martin is visiting hermother. Mrs. R. J. Brown, at Hutchison.Mr. and Mrs. L. Saloshin havereturned from a visit to relatives inCincinati.Master Newton Taylor, Jr., willentertain with a dancing party at ElksHall Thursday evening: Mrs. T. H. Clay, Sr.t and Mrs.Georgia Stuart il! leave Wednesdayfor a short &tay at Martinsville, Ind. kMiss Pearl Klas, of Frankfort,who has been the guest of MissesHazel and Birdie Wollstein,has returned home.Mrs. W. Hoffman 'Wood, of Mt.Sterling, i visiting her parents, Mr.and Mrs. H. C. Whaley, on SouthMain street.Miss Martha Ferguson was one ;ofthe honor guests tit a dinner party recently given by Miss Helen Laffertyof Lexington.Miss Mary D. Everman, of NorthMiddletown, who has been the guestof Miss Ralph Paterson, at Columbia,Ky., for a month, has returned home.8 Miss Anna, f May Davis and .MissKatherine Davis will leave Thursdayfor Lexington to join the Bowniarparty for a trip to Atlantic City, fNewYork and other points in the East. aa&Cardsreceived by relatives in thiscity from Mr. and Mrs. Jas. H.Thompson, who are on anWestern trip, state they areextendedenjoyingthe climate and sightsln California."Mrs. R. gT" Bishop and children,Misses Ida Mae, Lucille and Virignia,have returned to tfieir home in Corbinafter a visit to Mrs. Bishop's sister,Mrs. Ida Everman, at North Middletown. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Biggs andtwo children, of Huntington, LW. Va.,who have been the guests of Mrs.Biggs' parents, Mr. and. Mrs. E. B.Hedges, left yesterday in their autpmobile for their home.School Opening.E. M. Costello's school, Paris Academy, will open Monday, September 4.Thorough training and conscientiouswork in English, Mathematics, theClassics, English Literature and History. Number pupils limited.aug 8 22 sep 1No Cause for Alarm.The Board of Control, after makingan investigation of pellagra in theasylums of the State, issued a statement which shows there is not muchneed for alarm over the scare aboutthe disease.Farms Suffer from Fires.Fires, many of them along the railroads, probaoly started from sparkslodigng in the dry grass and weeds,have buned over a large area in Nicholas county.NOTICE.Owing to tke ' draught thewater supply is getting low.It is necessary to ask thatgreat econemy be used inthe use of water, especiallywith hose.NEWTON MITCHELL,SuperintendentSTRAYED.From the stables of the Paris Distilling Co., a mare mule 15 1-2 handshigh, hoof of right front foot crooked;sunburned mouse color.PAIS DISTILLING CO.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Councilmen from their respective Wards,subject to the action of the Democratic City Primary September 22,1911:FIRST WARD.J. B. Dempsey.Dr: W. T. Brooks.Louis Wollstein.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton.C. E. Butler.' .Robert Link.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.TAKE AWITH YOUKodak Pictures Will KeepAlive the Pleasures ofOut-Door Days.Kodaks $5 to 111Brownies 1 to $12Daugherty BrosMilVERY SPECIALVfirztfi resswwrswyBfCT.'S!t S8Sfim&mi&m&qacT&rA?K4-!&&S:inI will sell you LAWN andbeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKSj.T.Come, in and GetFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phor.es, W. O. Hihtbr,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286. 'ZIILASTJ Lawns, Wash Goods, Shirt Waists,Hosiery, Etc.2 New Fall Goods 5-M We are showing the prettiest line of Ginghams,m Flanelettes, Kimona Crepes, Outings and Madras, mgCOME LOOKW.Ed0mm mmFee's Cash Specials. IFor This WeekWhite Salt Bacon, nice andJapan Rice" (broken)' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can 5c"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, Californiapack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c W' 'Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only . . 60c mQ Vooi T .anrw Qrvor -fm 9Kf6 bars of Ivory Soap foeFresh Pies, CakesFEE'SLI HAVE SOMETO OFFERYOU ON E3y-?ps" -- -- 1WALL PAPEB.PORCH FURNITURE ' cheaper than you have ever ?left at big cut in prices.KCIITTOlsrCUTTHEM OVER.Tuckerlean strips 12 1-2 per lbMMper lb. 5c' 25c-and Bread daily.IPRICES-3sr?sssa?ssssCarpets,MattinandRugs.VThemrII11i'3liI-)IMuri J89ftA liiUKENTUCKY, AUGUST .1511911.THE BOURBON .NEWS, - PARIS;o-vHaSP"!JHf vJWf1'niM-'. v t -5'Iusli. Valuable Footprints.Aoung Colorado ranchman has soldtwo hardened dinosaur tracks for a college course. Thus, it appears thatwhen it conies to leaving valuablefootprints the dinosaur has the livesof great men treading water. DetroitNews.Cautfe for Thankfulness.If we have enough to eat and toweir and good health, isn't that aplenty to be thankful for.Not Too Big for the Pot.An advertisement in the Continenta religious weekly published in Chicago, asks for a "missionary not over5 feet 6 inches in height and weighine190 pounds' Perhaps it was insertedby a cannibal. Pittsburg Gazette-Times.Draws Heavily on Oxygen Supply.An ordinary gas jet consumes asmuch oxygen as five persons.TJieTHEMillersburg Military InstituteThe Millersburg Militaty Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hoc water heat and electric lights. Athleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year for board,tuition and general laundry..Write to the Piincipal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COt. C. M; BEST, Principal,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.Scrap BookJust What He Wanted.A young minister settled over asmall country parish was instructedby his parishioners to procure a pianofor their use. He did so, telling thedealer to charge the UU for rental tothe secretary of the parish. Whenthe bill amounted to $25, the societybeing unable to pay it as well as thesalary of the pastor, the music dealerdunned the minister for the money,telling him that he assumed the responsibility. The latter replied that henever assumed the responsibility ofanother, having all he could do to pay.his own bills, whereupon the dealerthreatened to sue him.A short time after our friend received a letter from a New York collection agency, to which as well asseveral following he paid no attention until the following short but definite letter came:Dear Sir Unless you remit at once- weshall publish you all over the country asa delinquent debtor.To which he replied:Gentlemen Ever since I entered theministry I have been struggling for thetitle of D. D. Go ahead.InternationalENGINESTWIN BROS.,Clothing Department"We are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the opportunity to come in, do so NOW. ' All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines we have made stillgreater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our New BuildingUnwearied Life.Why should we ever weary of this life?Our souls should widen ever, not contract; Grow stronger and not harder in thestrife,Filling each moment with a noble act.If we live thus, of vigor all compact,Doing our duty to our fellow menAnd striving rather to exalt our raceThan our poor selves with earnest handor pen.We shall erect our names a dwellingplaceWhich not all ages shall cast down again.Offspring of time shall then be born eachhour.Which, as of old, earth lovingly shallguardTo live forever in youth's perfect flowerAnd guide her future children heavenward. James Russell Lowell.Twin BrosLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentL. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.His Precious Decoration.An actor -who had attained some reputation in Berlin once played in a smallGerman principality for a fortnight.The grand duke, to the actdr's disappointment, failed to decorate him. Hementioned this oversight at a courtdinner to a chamberlain, and the nextday he was sent for."My friend," said the grand duke,handing the actor a bos, "here issomething to remember me by."The overjoyed actor departed, buthis cab had hardly gone ten yardswhen, ordering it to return again, theactor was once more ushered into thegrand duke's presence."Oh, sir," he said, "I had to driveback. There are two crosses in thebox." '"Oh, no matter," said the grand duke."Give the other to the cabman."All Types of Eusilage and Feed CuttingMachinery.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Modern Dancing.No one now of course waltzes. Theold trols temps is as dead as death.A strange,, shuffle in which your shoulders shuffle too, you cling sardine fashIon to your partner, who pushes youalong like a perambulator, and neverlift your feet off the ground with asort of apache cum coster cum halfseas over action, is the "dance," ifyou please, of the moment. The Tattler.Get Little for Their Furs.Furs are collected in great numbersalong the upper waters of the Yukonriver. The Indian or white trapper isoften satisfied with a price hardly commensurate with market value, evenafter deducting the cost of marketing.When taken to the United States, aprice two or three times that paid thetrapper is obtained for many of thofurs.H6s.,No.34.134729JO4037312332625913838539830321431Trains A.rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 26 amLexington, Ky., Daily .23 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9-50 amMavcvillP. TTv. Dailv "Excent Sundav 10.02 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.05Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.10Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10Mavsville. Kv.. Daily Except Sunday 3.15Lexington, Ky.. Daily & vKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily - 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily ! 5.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.29 amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 15 DmJacksonville, Fla. , Daily : 6 27 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.17 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pmTrains De-partamamampmpmNo.34-4117401029373313362625383032, 138303113TOamamamamarcamamCincinnati. O., Daily 5-33Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except 'Sunday 7.35Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20Maysville, Kyi, Daily Except Sunday 8.20Lexmeton. Kv., Daily 9.57Knoxville, Tenn., Daily : 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 amMaysville, K., Dary 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily : 3.35 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 5.48 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily t : 6.22 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6.25 pmMavsville, Ky., Daily; Except Sunday 6.25 pmCynthiana, Ky.f Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.48 pmAtlanta, (Ja., Daily 10.50 pmKent on Feeling Bad.Judge W. C. Adamson, chairman ofthe committee on interstate and foreign commerce in the house of representatives, was brought up on a farmin Georgia. One day his father toldhimhe must go to Atlanta for threedays, and he set young Adamson astint to hoe a field of ground peasduring the parental absence, thinkingto keep the young man busy."I went out and looked over thefield the first morning," said Adamson, "and decided I could do the workin two days, so 1 went fishing. I hadpoor luck and came back feelingmighty bad. Next morning 1 wentout and looked at the peas and decided if I worked like fury 1 could hoeit all in one day, and I went fishingagain. I had no luck and came backfeeling mighty bad."Next morning I took another lookat the field, decided 1 couldn't hoe itin a day and went fishing again. 1had poor luck and came back feelingmighty bad. Then father came home,saw the field and led me to the barn.""Well." Representative Hughes ofGeorgia said, "what happened?""Why," Adamson said, "I argued thecase, but 1 had poor luck and cameback feeling mighty bad." SaturdayEvening Post.A Court Fool's Joke.Scogan, the famous court jester ofEdward TV., dearly loved a practicaljoke. Once he borrowed money of theking and when the day for paymentcame was unable to make good hisword. He feared the king's anger anddecided to appease him by a joke.Feigning death, he had his friendscarry his body before Edward. Theking fell a ready victim to the deception and in his lamentations over thesupposed dead fool said he freely forgave the debt. Scogan immediatelysprang to his feet, exclaiming, "Thenews is so revivifying that it hascalled me back to life."The Two Kinds of Widow.There are two kinds of widows,grass and sod. The sod species, sometimes known as the common or garden veriety of widow, is relieved ofthe burden of a spouse. The grasswidow has a husband on her hands,but cannot put said hands upon him.From Case and CommentTWIN BROS.Department Store This Week:Aprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.Pennies Kept in Circulation.It is estimated that on an averageeach penny in circulation changeshands eleven times a week.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores"in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymmmaEST EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.jf Trairis .AjrrrveSo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.15 am4 Frankfort, Ky.f Daily Except Sunday ;3 40 pm8? Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday, 6.01 pm12 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 4. 10.00 pmTrairis Depart,'dfl Fraakfort& Louisville, Sunday 'Only r: . .T. .7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday .7t: . .? 7.43 am1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ., '. 9.53 ama F ankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday 5.55 amMartin Bros.,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS."" It's not made for anv certain olimnfp. Tmf i3 mnr?P fn wifhefand fhweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, ITUParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Everybody Wauls a Home IMutual Distrust.On one occasion Daniel Webster wason his way to Washington and wascompelled to proceed at night by stagefrom Baltimore. He had no travelingcompanion, and the driver had a sortof felon look, which produced ho inconsiderable alarm in the senator. "Iendeavored to tranquilize myself," eaia,Mr. Webster, "and had partly succeeded when we reached the dark woodsbetween Bladensburg and "Washington,a proper scene for murder or outrage,and here, I confess, my courage againdeserted me. Just then the driverturned to me and with a gruff voiceinquired my name. I gave it to him.'Where are you going?' said he. Thereply was:, 'To Washington. I airi asenator.' Upon this the driver seizedme fervently by the hand and exclaimed: 'How glad I am! I took youfor a highwayman!' " .Yet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, lilile home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari. Lamber.fr MTo CompanyIncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main SU.1 J' " Home Phone 12; LT. 530PARIS, KY.iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, .AUGOST lS, 1911.ftBlood Was WrongAll women, vho suffer from the aches and pains, dueto female ailments, are urged to try Cardui, the reliable,-scientific, tonic remedy, for women. Cardui acts promptly,yet gently, and without bad effects, on the womanly system,relieving pain, building up strength, regulating the system,and toning up the nerves. During the past half century,thousands of ladies have written to tell of the quick curativeresults they obtained, from the use of this well-known medicine.. TAKEDMrs. Jane Callehan suffered from womanly trouble fornearly ten years. In a letter froin Whiteville, N. C, shesays: "I was not able to do my own housework. Mystomach was weak, and my blood was wrong. I had backache, and was very weak. I tried several doctors, but theydid me no good. I used Cardui for 3 or 4 months, and nowI am in the best health. I have ever been. I can never praiseCardui enough." It is the best tonic, for women.Whether seriously sick, or simply weak, try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dent. Chattanoom MpdJrin Cn rhiHnnn t-.for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "DR.DOLLE'SFUQTITIITC Where MEN are CURED.IROIIIUIE LET ME CURE YOU!FINEST EQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHEUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, NO PAYFAMOUS FOB 20 TEABS.TJIiUcnlt Sarjjlcal Operations performedwith skill and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGESOf aHy Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cared,YOUNG MEN AKO AMi MEN, COME.0 fTl PERMANENT CUKE, withouta I LiEbW the knife. One treatment cures.VADIPflPCIC NO KNIFE. Cared InAnluUUILIX One Treatment.DHOTI IDE? Stricture, Etc. Curedf U E U 1 EL 9 by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,"Eczema, Bolls, Ulcers. Sores, Diseasesof the Kidney s. Bladder and Prostate4 Land, Rheumatism, Nerro us Troubles.UVnDftPCI C Cured In One Visit. NonlUKUbLLX knife. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the""DollePlan" of not one dollar to be paid unlesscored. Better come thousands of miles to hareDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 pajre Book Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. BookBent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me bo that 1 can write you justwhat is needed in your case. ,521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMP.LE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains.offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquicklv. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blooi Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.WALTERJjiWnjj ImII illjlfmmNEW CENTURY. BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every graincrowing country under theSun it is said to oe tbe bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal mos to its usersNOTare : lightness or dratt:handmess of operation;MADE BYdurability of construction: ability to do perfect work in any kindnf train: accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knotter:absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCoatury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, anfinow trive it itsmost successfulone a binder tbatjYERKES & KENNEY,U I WWc IHome Treatment for Women." sent free. J 53Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent- This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building:, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Announcement:nil have located in Paris for the purpose ofconducting a generalContractingand' Building Business.: I have" been a builder for the pastf twenty years, ;and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T, 136.Home 136.Office PhonesE. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceAdministrator's Notice.All parsons 'having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, dePPHKPrL will have same DroDerly orov-len according to law and filed with theundersigned administrator. I hoseknowing themselves indebted to Jsaidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN.Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more woric,ViAffr work, loncer lifeand reduced repair Dinswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog desAcribing it in full beioreyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardTh Bast todav ask forYmt" 1 Catalog(iSKil)Professional CardsJ J. WELXjTAMS,w - ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Koom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander fi Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.M"ie tmbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,r DENTIST,Up StairsOver Varden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready . to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.0. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See JMKtchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St. , 'PhonesI586.S3SHHWPWBMCJSWKiiftyTortured I orFif teen Ygars.by a cure-defying trouble thatjbalfled doctor,' and resisted all remedieshe tried, John W.'Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Well, Where's the Error?"Many a young lady who objects tobeing kissed under the mistletoe hasno objection to being kissed under therose." A careless compositor made anerror in the above, rendering it, "hasno objection to being kissed under thenose."Unkind Comment."When I got through with my remarks," said one lawyer, "the jury wasin tears." "Yes," replied the other;"they probably realized then that yourpoor client hasn't a chance in theworld."Siamese Stockings.In Siam men of the high and middleclasses as well as women wear longcotton stockings reaching high abovethe knee.Possibilities of Sakhalin.Japanese investigators have provedthat the southern half of the island ofSakhalin is a good winter wheat country. : WASH THAT ITCH AW&Y, It is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief anccure to Eczema an other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters yon could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? "Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home foithese distant springs. Relief is righthere In your own home town!, A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and Jtavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, geiat least a 25-cent bottle today. "We assure you of instant rolief.G. S. Varden & Son. " -MUTILATED COINS.-Rules Under Which th GovernmentWill Purchase Them.Director Roberts, of the UnitedStates mint says in a circular regarding the purchase of mutilated coinsthat such coins of any denominationwill be received at any 'one of themints or assay offices of the UnitedStates and the value of the fine goldcontained will be paid to the depositorat the rate of $20.67 plus per ouncefine or $18.60 plus per ounce standard(.900). Mutilated silver coins of theUnited States will be purchased atthe mints in Philadelphia, San Francisco and Denver at the price fixedfrom time to time by the director ofthe mint for silver contained in golddeposits. Silver coins which can beclearly and readily identified as to denomination and genuineness and whichare not appreciably reduced in weightexcept by natural abrasion will be redeemed or exchanged at the treasuryor at any subtreasury, but subsidiarysilver must be presented in the sum of$20 or multiples thereof. Mutilatedminor coins (the five cent nickel andone cent bronze pieces) will be purchased at the mint in Philadelphia in lots ofnot less than one pound of each kind,and mutilated bronze one cent pieceswill be purchased at the mints inSan Francisco and Denver in lots ofnot less than one pound at a pricefixed from time to time by the directorof the mint. Minor coins which canbe clearly and readily identified asgenuine coins of the United States andwhich are not appreciably reduced inweight, except by natural abrasion,will be redeemed or exchanged at thetreasury or at any subtreasury whenpresented in the sum of $20 or multiples thereof. Bradstreet's.ONIONS AND OLIVE OILFoods That Will Ward Off ScarletFever and Diphtheria.Since Dr. Frederick A. Kraft, theSocialist health commissioner of Milwaukee, made his recent announcement that eating onions and olive oilis a preventive of scarlet fever anddiphtheria he has been testing themerits of his theory so successfullythat the oil and onion cure is attracting widespread attention among medical men.Health Commissioner Kraft has investigated every recent case of scarletfever and diphtheria that he couldreach, and he has found that in nofamily where a case of either diseasebroke out were onions or olive oilused. He calls attention to the factthat districts where onions are largelyused are free of scarlet fever anddiphtheria. Consequently he urged people everywhere to overcome whateverdislike they may have to the much maligned onion and to eat it freely. Youcan slice it and boil it in olive oil.You can eat it raw with a little oliveoil poured over it. The addition ofolive oil he considers important, andthe best way of all is to eat a rawonion with oil at night Immediatelybefore retiring.Carlyle's Birthplace.Carlyle's birthplace, the ArchedHouse at Ecclefechan, is now open tothe public on a permanent basis. InDecember last Alexander Carlyle conveyed the building to the Carlylehouse memorial trust. -The birthplacewill for the future be carefully preserved and kept in proper order andrepair. The house contains many "exhibits," including a number whichwere at 24 Cheynerow during thewhole or some part of Carlyle's residence there. Ecclefechan churchyard,where Carlyle was buried, is onlythree minutes' walk from the ArchedHouse. Westminster Gazette.Tho Largest Loom.At Rodewisch, Saxony, the center ofthe German textile industry, there hasbeen set up what 'is thought to bo thelargest weaving loom in the world.This. huge crank is seventy-seven feetlong and sixty feet wide. It standsten feet high and weighs thirty-fivetons. The shuttle is of correspondingproportions and travels to and fro atthe rate of fifteen times a minute.This machine is capable of turningout seamless disks of felt, such as areused in paper mills, up to 233 feet incircumferance. Harper's Weekly.A Moving Land.One of the broad slopes of MontGringuez, France, is reported to havebecome detached from its foundationsand to have moved over a distance ofnearly a quarter of. a mile, carryingwith it the soil, meadows and woodsand covering up in its passage roadsand bridges that stood in the way. Achestnut grove has traveled 500 feetwitho.ut suffering- any apparent damage, but many small lakes have beenformed by the damming of the waters.Scientific American.Two Colonial Flags.One of the only two colonial flagsbelieved to be in existence was exhibited Flag day in a State streetrrindow in Chicago. The window heldonly the flag and 'a picture of GeorgeWashington, whose aid-de-camp, General Posey, carried the flag during theRevolution. This flag is the propertyof Michael Robinson of Shawneetown,111., the pther flag being owned by theMaryland Historical society.With One Firm Seventy-eight Years.Mr. Mark Godfrey of Carlton, Notts,has just completed his seventy-eighthyear in the employ of Messrs. I. & R.Morley, hosiery manufacturers, Leicesr. Mr. Godfrey, although in his ninetieth year, still works for Messrs. Morley London Express. -LAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TRYIt may be taken for 'granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using; successfully. We have scores of letters frommothers and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxaRights of French Husbands. IA i-Tencnman may oDtam a divorceif his wife goes on the stage with-. , ... . Iout his consent.Drawn Glass In Demand.On account of its great strengthdrawn glass is being used for manypurposes. It withstands sudden changes of temperature, resists fire to agreat extent and is very strong.Blooding Itching arid BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Bheum, Pimples, Kas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodlne Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.IT Hluargoien s.J:Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,Bio oi Paris, Ky. 1' fTHoTlEATESTREMEDjrl&ilN THE WORI&30I r'etnsniv tnBAW 1 2f I STRENGTH TO ELDERLY j 1I M PEOPLE DELICATE WOMEN.' ffki I AW ' TENDERBOYSAN I fk?viv 1 tbUak nxtiinl .tttintt ,!,, 'V I iA cool KIDNEY. UVERmJBLAD. I MV lit DR DBEAiEJ. CATARRH. U. 10 f"9 111 ASTHMA. RHZUHATBMjI P. JII gout, ia GRirre. coruYIJ h mtmS Jl SUMPTION. DYSPEPSIA.! ; -WIII CONSTIPATION, HEARTflj Y.MIX. OBEASfc MALARIA, f &iflfY" NERVOUS DEBILITY. ff", f"ttIbaJEMrHE BLOODINE XOjNI't Vlf uwni wOTS vnumn.riii i iitive-tonic that does not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies caa.take it. Its tonic ingredients inviejorate the body and strengthen thstomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to DrCaldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.Still In Drimlflw. I 1... ... UTE L.IJC.The natives of New Guinea hay.been found living as if in the item!ago.Wife Got Tip Top Advice.'My wife wanted me to take ounboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil,'' writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,Okla. "I said -put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it.' She did so, and it curedthe boil in a short time." . Quickesthealer of burns, scalds, cuts, corns,bruises, sprains, swellings. Best pilecure on earth. Try it. Only 25c atOberdorfer's. 'One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortschis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securincr a satisfactory"purchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Bloodlne Loosens the rjhlecm ICough immediately and per-wnecxer manenuiy, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best, remp.dv forchildren. 25c, 50c and 31.00 a bottle. Imrs. narnene wens Alien, uaffney.b.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twentv-vpar .in)Its the first medicine that has done me much good. IW. T. Brooks, Agent.d i n e)We!Know-BLOODINEWm Help YouTo Regain Your Stregttiuand Energy.'Beport of the He Phykte tet Ltiding New York Hopltlyt on the Cur of Citrrhf "A few years ago we considered thafcwe "were doing "well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughfcto us, but since the introduction ol"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the ctseof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrrx.of the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the large intestines. Catarrh of the Larynx, PelTio.Catarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andrCatarrh of the Stomach are quicldy-cured with "Bloodine." ltbuiioanewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blooa and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by tho Catarrhalgerms."Bloodineis a TJOwerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, cornpoeed of(valuable tonic stimulants obtained'from vegetable drugs. "Bloodina.contains no narcotics or other danger;ous drugs which merely deaden painjtemporarily, but give no permanentirelief or cure the cause of your disease.j"Bloodine is a powerful body builder. and blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynw, rich red blood to the whole body' FREE - To prove the wonditfolmerits of BLOODINE we will mail .large sample bottle for 10 cents la w?er or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodise Cobpoeation, Boston, Maw. :W. T. Bi oo!is, Agent8'i:tif.iiJr3:Si3!;:l.liJ!HIftMIII'! !. iIii ni1IK V,7XIlIu i;I i4 Ar'HfcTHE BOURBON' NEWS, PARIS. KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15, 1911.'STim .i-ki.t'ihwtI3;iJ I1MILLERSBURG ITEMS.'Mr. Clarence Bell, oE Gallipolis, O.,'as visiting friends here.Miss Hazel Duyall, of Paris, is thergueBt of Miss Maria SmithsMr. James Howard was in Cincinnation bJBiness Friday and Saturday.The attendance at the Blue Grass'Fair from here last week was large.Miss Anna Conway was the guest ofMrs. Gertrude Johnson, at Cynthiana,FridayMiss Lydia Brown was the guest ofrelatives at Paris from Tuesday until-Sunday.Mrs. Joe Williams and daughter,Miss Pearl Williams, are visiting relatives at Paris.Miss Anna Tune, of Carlisle, was"the guest of Miss Lillie Dell LynchThursday and Friday.The attendance at Parks Hill on thelast Sunday was good but rather smallduring the week owing to the Blue'rass Fair.Mr. Robert Hughes left Saturday forhis Jiorae at Glenwood, Va.t afterspending a couple of weeks withfriends here.The Woman's Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church will meet in theSunday school room Wednesday after.noon at 3 :30 o'clock.Mrs. Joe Connell and little daughter, Helen, will spend Wednesday atCardome, near Georgetown, whereMrs. Connell attended school.Mrs. Jerry Cole and little daughter.returned to their home at Blue LicksJFriday after a several days' visit toiier sister, Mrs. C. C. Chanslor.Mr. A. T. Vimont, of Eads, Col.,;arrive"d Friday on a' business trip. Mr."Vimont is improving nicely and hiscondition is much better than when heleft here.Mrs. Fannie Norton returned Fridayafter spending a few weeks at thebedside of her sister, Mrs. Rhoda Conway, at Paris, who has been critically111, but ho is now some better.The contract between President C.J. Fisher, of the M. F. C, Mr.Clarence Miller and Miller & Best forthe buliriing of waterworks for thecollege has been closed and work on"the cistern at the Peed & McChntockbarn has begun. This cistern is aoout50 feet deep in a basin of ten feet of.solid rock, with a never failing vein.The cistren is practically full of watermow and the work of pumping it outnas begun. A new engine has been1Our Entire Stock of Summer Shoes marked downfor quick selling : : :YOUHURRYIf You Want to Secure Some of the GreatWe Are Of faring". While Our GreatMark-Downy iIs in full blast. We have marked down our entire stockof Summer Shoes and Oxfords for a quick clearance tomake room for our stock of Fall Shoes now arriving.B336 Main StreetCome to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is on,m cum oavc . cue; uiiiuicncL.m nmamMmKmmm u mmmmmmmKmmaaaBmmmmm piaipurchased by the contractors which isnoj? at work pumping out the waterat the rate of forty gallons perminute." The cistern will be concretedfrom the top of the solid rock basinand completely arched over so that noimpurities from the outside can getinto it. When this cistern is completed it will be sufficient to furnish thecollege witn sll the water needed forall purposes, and the water arrangements will then be as good as that ofany school in the country, with watermuch purer and cooler than that takenfrom the average small stream or anyriver in dry weather.Judge Waddell is among the sick.Mesdames E. M. Neal and R. S.Sanders are quite sick.Miss Cleora Brooks, of Winchester,is the guest of Miss Myra Booth.Mr. M. H. Current and Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson continue about the same.Mr. Hudson, of Ewing, was theguest of Miss Ruth Stirman Thursdayand Friday.Mr. J. J. Peed spent Sunday andMonday with Mrs. Molhe Peed andfamily at Mayslick.Mr. and Mrs. James Hill and daughter, of Cynthiana, spent Sunday withMr. and Mrs. G. L. Hill.Misses Mattie and Lucia Butler returned yesterday after a week's visitto Mrs. Renick at Lexington.Miss Margaret Coleman, of Hawkins, Ga., arrived Tuesday as theguest of Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre.The long drouth which has prevailedin this section for some time wasbroken Sunday afternoon. Rain beganfaling about two o'clock and the precipitation continued without abatingfor two hours. The rainfall proved ofgreat benefit to the crops fwhich weresuffering greatly from the want ofmoitsure.Over-Churched; Upder-Guarded.A citizen of Shirley objects to thevote; of the town authorizing an out-of-townpoliceman, on the ground thatthere are six churches in the village,and that if it does not behave itselfwhat it needs is a missionary, and notan officer. Possibly if there were normore than two churches in the townthere would be enough public spiritto make either missionaries or policemen unnecessary. Lowell CourierCitizen. Human Bones and Muscles.The 206 bones of the human bodyare worked by 522 voluntary muscles.stylespricesALLtiWalk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.DAN COHEN-At The Big Electric Sign. 'Woman With Sail Clubs."In the early days," says Hugh Fullerton in the American Magazine, "awoman with a ball club was a rarity.Now it is common for seven or eightplayers to take their wives on longtrips, and sometimes their children.Managers admit that the women havea restraining and refining influence,but they are not wanted. Often managers make wry faces when notifiedthat some of the men are taking theirwives. The women take the minds ofthe players off the game sometimes agood thing, but more frequently a badone. If there should be a quarrel thewives are certain to take sides. Twoof the Cubs lost their tempers onenight and clashed. It was over in aminute, and both were sorry. Chance,sitting as judge, passed this sentence:Til fine you each $10, and if either ofyou dares tell his wife I'll make it100.' "Counted Ants- For Two Years.A marvel of 'scientific research, saysour Berlin correspondent, has been accomplished by Professor Yemg, whohas been investigating the interiorcondition of ant hills. By dint of patient observation Professor Yemg discovered that an ant hill two feet inheight was inhabited by 93,780 ants.Other ant hills of almost the same sizewere found to contain G7.500, 53,000and 48,000 ants respectively. These observations and the counting of the tinyinsects occupied two years. LondonStandard.A Lottery Romance.There was a lottery romance at theCredit Foncier in Amiens recentlywhen the drawing of lottery bondstook place, dn the winning number ofa prize of 100,000 francs being calledout a woman jumped to her feet,waved a small piece of paper, shriekedand fainted. She Avas a hardworkingtailoress, fifty-eight years ojd, who invested 100 francs against a rainy day.She "bought lottery bonds with thernoney, and the winning of the prizehas made her independent.Uses of Glass.In Switzerland goods are weighedwith glass weights. In fact, on thecontinent generally glass is taking theplace of wood and iron in many directions, for it can be made stronger eventhan stone, and the day is not far offwhen houses will be built entirely ofglass.iK-in Oxfords at cut:::::gainsParis, Kentucky.Sale!4bEw iCome now while the rangeof sizes is still good andthe stvles of the Kp.st.-w rwwi ..J7" Thackeray's Disfigured Nose.The usual account of how Thackeray was disfigured says that Venablesbroke the novelist's nose in a fairfight. John Ward in Notes and Queries supplies another version. Abouta year after Thackeray's death Mr."Ward was traveling on one of themain railways and had as companionstwo old ladles who knew Thackeraywell. One of them said the novelisthad told them this story:"Being one of the youngest pupils(at Charterhouse), he was chosen byone of the older lads, a rather proudaristocrat in his waV, to act as hisfag. Thackeray bore it "as well as hecould, but demurred to some, more arbitrary command than usual and flatlyrefused to obey, whereupon the young"aristocrat caught Thackeray up, heldhis head under his arm and with theheel of his boot used as a hammerbeat the beautiful aquiline nose quiteflat -with his face in fact, breakingand injuring its structure completelythe excuse being, 'You'll clean myboots next time, sir.' "Before his injury Thackeray was,the same authority says, remarkablyhandsome. Westminster Gazette.Won His Supper.Terry is of that class of gentrywhose nimble wit is the only thingwhich keeps them from starving inthis day of practicalities. Terry is agreat coffee drinker, and many are theexpedients he will undertake to get itwhen he is without funds. The otherevening he walked into a cafo and saidto the proprietor:"Good evening, Mr. M.""How are you, Terry?" was the response. "Pretty good, pretty good, barrin' abad t'roat. It's glad I am to see yerself lookin' so smart and yer doin' sowell in yer business, now, ain't yer?It's glad I am, too, about that. By theway, Mr. M., would yer be - afthertrustin' me this evenin'?""Trust you! Terry, I wouldn't betrustin' my own father.""Thrue fer you, Mr. M. If I'd knowed yer father as well as you perhaps Iwouldn't trust him meself !"And Terry got his coffee and rolls.Chicago News.When Nature Was Timekeeper.In the British museum is a largestone composed of carbonate of lime,which would serve perfectly as a daylaborer's calendar inasmuch as it wouldindicate to him every Sunday and holiday of the year, though not the day ofthe month. Moreover, the stone is anactual time record of the work donefor a long period in an English coalmine.The "Sunday stone," as it is called,was removed from a colliery drain.When the miners were at work thewater running through the drain lefta deposit colored black by the coaldust, but when no work was beingdone the water ran down clear and lefta white deposit These deposits in thecourse of time built up the stone.Each day of work left a black streak,immediately followed by a white streakmade during the night. , Wide whitestreaks indicate the holidays and Sundays. Harper's Weekly.Back to AdamA parchment roll over a foot wideand nineteen feet long containing thegenealogical tree of King Henry VI. Isin the Welsh National library atAberystwith. The work is beautifullyexecuted in tabular fashion of the latter half of the fifteenth century and isilluminated with miniatures, rich capitals aid red ornamental letters. Thepedigree is traced from Adam, andthe particulars occupy a red line ofsix yards on the scroll. On the leftside of the pedigree appears the listof archbishops of Canterbury down toJohn Stafford and on the right sidethe list of Welsh princes down to Edward I. Dundee Advertiser.Eskimo Trial Marriage.The trial marriage is an ineradicable custom among the Eskimos. If ayoung man and woman are not suitedwith each other they try again, andsometimes several times, but whenthey find mates to whom they areadapted the arrangement is generallypermanent. If two men want to marrythe same woman they settle the question by a trial of strength, and thebetter man has his way. "The NorthPole," by Robert E. Peary.Helping Dad.Small Johnny ra pa, would you beglad, if I saved a dollar for you? PapaCertainly, my son. Small JohnnyWell, I saved it for you, all rightYou said if 1 brought a first class report from my teacher this week youwould give me a dollar, and I didn'tbring it Chicago News.What She Wanted.Father, (to his daughter) I've broughtyou a zither for your birthday, mydear, and a book by which you canteach yourself to play on it in a month.Daughter But it was the zither teacher 1 wanted most Fliegende Blatter.Honesty.Judge Did you have a partner withyou "when you committed this burglavy? Burglar No, your honor. 1neven works with anybody. You see,you never can tell whether a chap ishonest or notlMan. ,Man is the sun of the world, morethan the real sun. The fire of hiswonderful heart is the only light andheat worth gauge or measure. Emerson. One loses all the time which homight employ to better purpose. ftous-Life Saved at Death's Door."I never felfe so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me dowri to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatmsnt for two years.My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am alive today is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the'best remedy on earth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c and1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Easily Spared.'A German in a sleeping car was unable to rest on account of the snoringof fellow travelers on each side ofhim. Finally one of them gave avociferous snort and stopped still."Tanks!" exclaimed the wakeful German, "von Is det!" The Housekeeper. JWas She Insured?An extract from a popular novel: J"He pressed a burning kiss upon eith-,er cheek end straightway her face became ashen." Judge.World's Deepest Coal-PIt Shaft.The deepest coal-pit shaft in theworud has just been completed atWearmouth (Eng.) colliery. It is 320fathoms deep and 16 feet wide.Solder for Aluminum.Twelve parts tin, two parts zinc, onepart aluminum and one per cent, chloride of sodium makes an alloy withwhich aluminum can be soldered easily. Fine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow'you (we think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Best cash business in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wailingford.I"4On A31 Men's andBoy's Suitsu no nn ua nn nn - nn an- mi, inme weissoerHome For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,; -Our 1 ine ofver is Verywedding gifts.IThel"House of Quality" only car- 1ries the very best in Solid Silver Iand we can give you anything fI from a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,B Both Phones.Bricks of Coal Dust.Bricks made of coal dust are ,,ueedfor paving in Russia. The coaiyiustIs combined with treacle and resii.SThe Truly Great Man.He that Is slow to anger is-Setterthan the mighty; and he that rulethhis spirit than he that taketh a city.Proverbs 16:32.(aster's SaleOFReal Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.W. A. Gpines & Co., - - Plaintiffsvs.Henry ClayDefendant.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911.of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will enSaturday, Angnst 26th, 191at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., sellthe property described in the 'judgment and ordered to. be sold in thisaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaintiff' judgment and costs beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit ofsix months, to-wit:A certain house and parcel of groundon the waters of Hinkston creek in thetown of Shippsville, Bourbcn county,Ky., particularly described as follows:Beginningtat a stone corner to LewisPetprs, running with the road 22 1-j;yards to a stoneon the same side ofthe road, thence west 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thenceS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters' corner:thence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser iwill be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interestst the rate of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, payable to theundersigned Master Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amountingon the day of sale to $86.45, and costsof this action, including the. costs ofsale amounting to the sum of $83.32,amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $149.77.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.OFFim sn nn cm nn .en no uaIFIUTi lUVlii-miuniffprlinor i1Complete.. jBiI seau.- , '-j- ,-