r -'-?THE BOURBON NEWS.-?JTu.2TPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARv -VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1911.itThe Ladies ofParis and Bourbon Countyare cordially invited ,to attend theGRAND OPENINGat theSimon Department StoreThursday, September 28Music 1:30 to 5:30 p. m.9LrSpecials ForWEEKwNominees for Council Selected.In the Democratic fprimary held inthis city Friday nominees for Councilmen were selected from the threewards in the city of Paris resulting inthe endorsement the administrationof Mayor J. T. Hinton, four membersof the ticket put forward by the present administration being elected.The primary passe J off quietly without any demonstration vf any sort, butthe interest manifested was greaterthan any 'that has prevailed in a cityprimary in a great many years. Afull vote of the Democratic forces wasnot polled in the election Friday thereturns showing a decrease of 99 castin the primary of.Septebmer 24, 1909.In the six precincts in the city atotal of 787 votes were cast while twoyears ago there was a total of 886 votespolled. The candidates and theirfriends were exceedingly active in theprimary of Friday.Two of the opposing candidates tothe administration were chosen in theBecond ward, Wm. Kenney and D. C.Parrish, while the administration candidate who received the nominationwas W. O. Hinton. In the first wardW. T. Brooks, Frank Walker andGeorge D. Speakes were the choice ofthe voters, Walker being one of thenew counril,while Brooks and Spepkeswere on the side of the administration.The third-ward gave Harry Baldwin amajority of four votes over his opponent, John McCarthy. Following isthe unofficial vote:DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY SEPT. 22,1911.FIRST WARD.Precinct PrecinctNo. 1. No. 2. TotalBrooks, W. T 62 8a 148Walker. F. P 415 y4 14USpeakes, G. D -53 82Dempsey, J. B 47 87Cook, C. P 44 84Wnnlstein. L. 41 79. SECOND WARD.Precinct PrecinctNo. 3. No. 4. TotalKenney, Wm 70 105 175TTintnn W. O. 73 93 166Parrish, D. C 62 90Ardery, W. B 65 86Wilson, J. S 69 . 69Ttntw. O. E 60 72THIRD WARD.Precinct PrecinctNo. 5. No. 6. TotalBaldwin, H. 45 36 81McCarthy, J.- -47 30 77136134128120r"WE KNOWm HbHOW" i152151138132Buffalo BillPawnee Bill WildWest.iStS? Standard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs . 1.00 Wx(l SirJK Imported Swiss Cheese, per lb 35 ym Brie Cheese, per lb 30jj N. Y. Cream Ceeese, per lb 20 SjffV Boiled Ham, per lb 35 W! ,JTT ,u IK ISw miuceunaiii.ywiu :, ; - AC One of the most interesting series ofK OldReliable Coffee, 2 lbs iw.-jL.--w --i-- 55 K I moving . pictures ever presented inw , T , or w raris win De in pruuuutiuii Ui mcV Arm & Hammer Soda, 3 lbs ' o C Buffalo! Bill-Pawnee Bill pictures atw t n o u in JIv the Paris Grand on tomorrow, Wednes-fi Lenox Soap, 3 bars 10 fiday. night.hi Tflnnv Cnon R Knvc . ... 25 The pictures are in three reels, lastft Lenox boap, 8 bars )K ing one hour and fifteen minutes andjft "Rlnpino- 2 boxes 05 V! shows the entire performance of theW JJluemff, 4 DOXCb greatest of all Wild West attractions,!' ArffO Starch, 3 boxes 10 JI'. ' precisely as it is shown under canvas.I7 - , m o t i. ak w There win be two PerformancesYs 5 gals. Oil, the Best 4D commencing at 7 :30 o'clock and 8:45" )l( ' o'clock. The admission will be tenfk l opntq tn nil narts of the house.BLUE RIBBONfinRED GOOSESWhat is the RED GOOSE? It is a toy's shoethat will never wear out, and will keenhis feet drygoing to school this winter. Our Boys' ClothingDepartment is filled with this special line of Shoes,which We have bought so you won't have to buynew shoes every two months. Take a look at ourwindow and remember the Red Goose.BOYS' CLOTHING """in all the new colors, single breasted and doublebreasted coats, Knickerbocker pants, made withdouble seat and knees.S?Everything For Boysyou can find at our store, as we are the only store in town that has ajspecial depar! ment for little fellows.Boys, Come in and Ask About the Red GooseBanks in the WindowiMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis9KentuckyThe Flour of QualityB1U2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40inT. O. LENIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,1I MN4gni&3t&gvmJ9 s3lite5l7Seiri3&37S3Boys Clothing!We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50to$10.00in all the latest colors and stylesWM3&SIISlife2&71mmwmmWkm&Boys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.mS&if m 5irfS2fSeaiSIGIVE US A CALL vPrice & Co.,ClothiersElection Oiiicers Selected.The Bouborn County Board of Elec-iXt tion Commissioners, composed ofl'd Messrs. B. B. Marsh, M. K. JacobyM and Sheriff A. S. Thompson metSaturiti day afternoon and selected the officersVa of election to serve in the regularelection on Novebmer 7. The officers)f are as follows :Vane: Nn. NP.Wtiin IVR. M. Harris, judge- C. D. Webb,kfti rans ino.i iNewcon miicneu.juuKB,1W t- nr tt : i.,J. . riv k. m. riarriw, junuc j.9i ort ' dan. Reattv. sheriff;j! Pa-is No. 2G. N. McKenney,J judge; Swift Champ, clerk; DouglasEmbry, sheriff. .ito Paris No. 3-W. R. Hukill, judge:V.W P Hump, indcre: R. W. tSecratt,ntrU Rtamns Moore, sheriff.I - ---x - . ,Paris No. 4 Ctias. Lancaster, juage,Pat Kane, judge ;Wm. Crannan, clerk;A W. Cottingham, sheriff.Paris No. 5 T. P. Woods, judge ; J.D. Shy, judge ; M. F. Kenney, clerk ;J. C Day, sheriff.Paris No. 6 Wm. Remington,judge; W. W. Burrey, judge; G. W.Judy, clerk ; Jas. Shea, sheriff.Millerbsurg No. 1 Bert McClintock,judge J. Campbell, judge; T. E. Savutra. shpriflftJ. S. Shootauch. clerk.Millersburg No. 2-C. N. Jonnson,judge ; Ed Waynes, judge ; Henry Bowling, sheriff; J. T. Jefferson, clerk.Little Rock No. 1 I. B. Crouch,judge; Ed Thomason, judge; D. L.Robbins, sheriff; W. B. Thomas.clerk.T.iHIr Rnnk No. 2 W. P. Wornall,judge; B. T. Mattox, judge; J. M.Rogers, sheriff ; Lee Deavers, cierK.North Middletown No. 1 Bert Rash,judge; W. A. Thomason, judge; G. M.Gilkey, sheriff ; Davis ParticK, cierK.North Middletown No. 2 Ben Woodford, judge; Wm. Rose judge; GanoHildreth, sheriff; James Colvin, clerk.Clintonville No. 1 Geo. W. Morrow,judge ; Robt. M. Terrell, sheriff ; S. L.Weathers, clerk.P.lintnn villa No. 2 Joe Quisenberry,judge: H. A. Power, judge; I. D.Thompson, sherifr; tt. H. pepper,clerk. . ,Hutchison No. 1 E. P. Claybrook,judge; J. A. Dudley, judge; J. NSteele, sheriff ; A. H. Sraedley, clerk.Hjtchison No. 2 John Towles.judge; J. L. Horton, judge; John W.ilK"l' ononu., viiu .- -' iyCenterville No. 1 John Shropshire, giudee. F. P. Bedford, judge; Tnan.'wCummins, sheriff; Geo. McLeod, clerk. :Centerville No. 2 J. M. Leach,judge; Chas. Kuster, judge; EwaltHaley, clerk. N !Ruddles Mills No. 1 John Current, Ijudge: E. F. Hough, judge; Paul Hanlov. shnriflFt C. L. Housb. clerk. 'Ruddles Mills No. 2 W. G. Talbott,judge t Riley Dodsan, judge; SteeleMarsr Clerk ; C. H. Shaw, sheriff.EiaiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiminuiruiViimiiiiiim Q(1 l iv-vni oc vvy.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.$SgkmisCORDIALLY INVITEYou to make their store your headquartersat all times. When you come to Paris be-sureand make us a call.Newest styles in Fall and Winter Ready-tc-Weargarments for Ladies', Misses and Chil-.dren now ready for your inspection.Suits. Separate Skirts, Cloaks, Waistsand Dresses.An elegant assortment of Reay-to-Wear Hatsin Ladies, Misses and Children. See ournew White Hats with Veils and have one towear to the Fair.-; nj- s&'". - J,5jmsIe2jiHI ' Frank & Co: '1 Paris, - - Kentucky - -I$fMllliWiOiliWiiKffi0WiUtM WmWmwmfc Mi i 'nr 1 1 1 1 aw : "i'j5 Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFireproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and never Iaeed repairs. For further detailed information apply to EMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.1' originalityMQrwments from all otJiers, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.HOKE BETTER.Wm. Jldams Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.aifi' rj?K Vvtu Itgaga Jpyyft ygcLOWRY &BourbonD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.EHKI I I'lylr-mBourbon Laundry,Paris,KentuckyI LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:DoBi't imprison the disease germs inyour Ekia by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematoua diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Ailmple wash: A, compound of Oil ofWIntergreen, Thymol, and other ingredient as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to tho diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-oent trial bottle will start theere, and give you instant relief. ' .G. S. Varden & Son.A Celtic Revival.Mistress "Bridget, I told you not to Jput these sliver knives in with thesteel ones agaki." Bridget "Sure,mum, I didn't; the silver ones werealready there when I put the steelones in." Woman's Home Companion.and SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are DisplayedIn Our Work.An individuality distinguislws our IfonurNONE CHEAPERwill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove vou ever saw. Prettincss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.TALBOTTLaundry!Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rtictzlar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlatin ir work the vei f;.f w!2Wcourae. Systematic, thvrougpaintakirg work cnahlcfe usto e-t yoar laundr out theday we promise it and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. Yo'll notregret it.Attacks School Principal.A sclvere attack on school principal,Chas B. Allen, of Sylvania, Ga., isthus told by him. 'For more thanthree years," he writes, "I sufferedindescribable turtutre from rheumatism, Liver and stomach trouble anddiseased Mdnys. All remedies failedtill I used Electric Bitters, but fourbottles of this wonderful remedy curedme completely.,, Such results arecommon. Toousands bless them forcuring stomach trouble, female chmplaints, kidney disorders, biliousness,and for new health and vigor. Trythem. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Temperature of Boiling Water.When water boils and steam escapes, the temperature of the waterrises no higher, however great theheat of the fire.Must Have Dined Well:The electric ventilating fan on thewall of the restaurant was whizzinground. A gentleman who had dinedextremely well sat looking at it forsome time. "Walter," he complainedat last, "that clock's fast!" Punch.-- , , - 1. k 'ATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postolliee as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J8&J 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR, x$2.00, Payable inPlaying for the Tobacco Vote.Judge O'Rear has beocme very sensitive. He not only refuses to answerany questions asked by Governor McCreary, but there are certain subjectsthat he will not have mentioned in hispresence, or in his hearing. When hisattention was called to the fact thatGovernor Willson had spent over$270,000 in the last three and a halfyears in calling out the troops he indignantly wanted to know what Governor McCreary would have done undersimilar conditions. Those who knowthe Democratic nominee, and haveseen him face every kind of publiccrisis for more than forty years, haveno fear that he would have maintainedorder without impoverishing the state,and without working a hardship uponthe tobacco growers who for so longhave tottered under the burdens laidupon them by the tobacco trust. Hewould have protected the honor of theState without draining the Treasuryof its funds, and he would have madea criminal trust answer in the courtsfor its offenses.In a recent speech Governor McCreary has stated his position uponthis important question, and it is acredit to his courage and fairness. Hesaid :"I believe the Governor of Kentuckyshould wisely use whatever authoritythe law gives him or that may benecessary to preserve peace and maintain the law, whether the offense benightriding or any other violation ofthe law, and when disturbances occurthe Governor should carefully examineall matters connected with them, andiuc ion oiiuuiu uc cmuitcu ci&clllJBb bitetobacco trust the same as againstnight liciing, so as to protect the far-mers-from"the greed and oppressionof trustF, and maintain the dignity ofthe law. I have repeatedly denouncedthe tobacco trust as an unlawful combination, and the Supreme Dourt ofthe United States has decided that itwas operating in violation of law andin restraint of trade. The Americantobacco trust and all other trusts arethe result of Republican legislation.While in Congress I made repeatedefforts to repeal the tobacco tax andto remove burdens unjustly placed onfarmers and laboring men, but I wasnot successful, because the House andSenate were under the control of theRepublicans, who were the representatives cf protected interests instead ofthe masses."Quilts and Their Uses.Quills are things that are sometimestaken from the pinions of one goosto spread the opinions of another.Trading-on the Court's Opinion.Judge O'Rear hardly crossed the lineinto the Eleventh District before hebegan to remind the mountain people ithat he had written the opinion whichhad perfected the titles to their landsand made their homes secure. That istrue, but it is only half true. JudgeO'Rear could not have put that decision upon the books had not hisfellow Judges, all Democrats, empowered him to do so. It was not apolitical decision, nor was it the resultof personal influence or persuasion. Itwas a just verdict, which the SupremeCourt of the United States upheld, andit not only secured to the mountainpeople their humble homes, but madeit possible for capital to build railroads, open mines and bring timber tomarket, and otherwise uncover theriches of that marvelous section.There was general rejoicing all overKentucky when this decision enfran-nhisprl thp. mountain nenitla. Pnlitinshad nothing to do with it, and JudgeO'Rear had just one vote on the quesr Jtion.It ill becomes the Judge of the Court;of Appeals to point to his decisions,and remind the people who profited bythem that bis hand wrote them, andthat for this reason he should recievetheir generous conisderation. It is notonly against the ethics of the Judge'sprofession for him to do this, but itbrings the whole Court in disrepute tohave its decisions plar.ed upon the bargain counter as if they were mattersof barterand sale.The mere the people of the Statesee of the Republican nominee forGovernor, the more they will realizethat instead of a broad, liberal, fai reminded Judge, holding the balanceslevel with a firm hand, he has becomethe time-serving politician, appealingt every petty prejudice, and seekingevery advantage.KENTUCKY, SEPT. 26, 1911.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof Madison,For Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WOBTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CREOELIU3of PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAM LETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W.NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYDelusive Dreams of CalvertEstates.A news dispatch from Baltimore,Md,says: "Again the story of thebig Calvert fortune said to be lyingfor centuries in the heart of Baltimorehas come to life and this time a number of Kentuckians have been giventhe idea that they are to receive manythousands from a big piece of land inBaltimore."Thare is no doubt that 6,000 acresof land in Baltimore are well worth$12,000,000, and it would be a pleasantthing for the Kentuckians who are being told they are Calvert heirs toshare it."The Kentuckians might as well'forget it,' however, because hundredshave fallen for the same story thesemany years."Claims to the so called Calvert partof the estate in the center of Baltimore have been coming in for the lastquarter of a century with a .regularitythat is no longer surprising! Some ofthe older inhabitants say that thesame kind of claims were coming toBaltimore as far back as they remember. "All of the claimants suspect or believe that they are heirs to Sir GeorgeCalvert. Pittsburg has laid its claimfor several of its citizens. So haveCleveland, Toledo, Chicago, Denver,Los Angeles even inoffensive Wheeling, and a great list of other cities.. SoKentucky is late."For the benefit of Kentuckians whomay be told that they have a chance toget some of the Calvert millions outof Baltimore real estate it would bewell to bear in mind that it was onAugust 8, 1729, that an act was passed for erecting a town of sixty acresonthe north side of Patapsco, to beknown as Baltimore town, and commissioners .were appointed consistingof Major Thomas Tolley, WilliamHamilton, William Buckner, Dr.George Walker, Richard Gist, Dr.George Buchanan and Col. WilliamHammond."On December 1, 1729, these commissioners bought from Daniel andCharles Carroll the tract of sixtyacres, paying forty shillings an acre,and then the town was laid v off. SirGeorge Calvert's estate had nothing todo with the building of the city ofBaltimore, and there is 2 no questionabout the Calvert title in any of thelater extension of the city. Once morethe story is nailed, but it will ariseagain in some other part of the West,unless history fails to repeat itself."Self-Confidence and Bluff.Self-confidence is usually about 99per cent, bluff. Atchison Globe.Lodge News.The 1912 meeting of the SovereignGrand Lodge, Independent Order ofOdd Fellwos, will be held at Winnipeg,Manitoba. A strong movement tosend the 1913 assembly to Berlin, forthe stimualting effect on the Order inEurope, will be organized.Hotel keepers licensed to sell intoxicating liquors will hereafter be barredfrom admission to the Odd FellowsOrder. This was the decision of theSovereign Grandl Lodge of Odd FelJows at Indianapolis last week, whichadopted an amendment to the constitution to this effect by a vote of J89 to15. Saloon keepers have been barredfor some time, and a fight has been onto put hotel proprietors holaingtsaloonlicenses in the same class.&.:&When You ThinkOf the pain which many women experience with everymonth it makes the gentleness and kindness always associated with womanhood - seem to be almost a miracle.While in general no woman rebels against what she regards as a natural necessity there is no woman who wouldnot gladly be free from this recurring period of pain.Jr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription makesweak women strong and sick womenwell, and gives them freedom from pain.It establishes regularity, subdues inflam'mation, heals ulceration and cures fcmale weakness.Sick women are invited to consult Dr. Pierce by letter," All onrrpRnnnHpiifiR strintlv nrivate and- sacredlvJIQl,, JT1.M.M. w-J-w - , (confidential. Write without tear and without lee to world's JJispensary Medieal Association, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.If you want a book that tells all about woman's diseases, and how to curethem at home, send 21 one-cent stamps to Dr. Pierce to pay cost of mailingonly, and he will send you a free copy of his great thousand-page illustratedCommon Sense Medical Adviser revised, up-to-date edition, in paper covers.In handsome eloth-binding, 31 stamps.GEO. W: DAVISFDNEB1L DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.JBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.isSStSiSSSL"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryiisatfnfaaDodson & DenioPARIS. KY.s&53W&&ZZ'Q5z&&52&tf22&&East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little'1 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties."E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Materially Inclined.There is no landscape in the worldthat is agreeable after two days ofrusty bacon and slack biscuit. "Howlovely this would be," exclaimed theprofessor, "if it had a background ofbeefsteak and coffee!" Charles Dudley Warner.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N C "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there iano sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is,' that while D. D. D. iaso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsar bo carefully compounded there i3no wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thi3great remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.. - jand be satisfied.Professional CardsJ J. WIIiLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Aoom 1 Elks Building.Joe, G. Mitchell,Insurance Agent 'At Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 5 ' T" 1?o( nuum J.OO.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceIHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UplStairsOverJVarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest.DR. A. B KELlLEK,Pkacticing Physician,Offices.'Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsI Everything neat and(barbers alwavs resrlv to wait on the1 trade. No long- waiW You are rext..M. A. KAHAL.1n.9THE . BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, SEPT. 25, 1911.Queered His GVandfather. ", Peter Augustus had a foolish, fondold grandfather. The grandfather Wasboasting to a visitor one day, as grandfathers will, about the family he hadraised."My daughter Martha is a fine young.woman," he said, "and her little boy,Peter Augustus, is a fine lad. But thefinest thing about that pair is the affection that exists between them.They never exchange a cross word.They're more like two young loversthan mother and son. It's beautifulto see them together. Hold on a minute, and I'll call Peter Augustus in.Then his mother will come down, andyou can see their relations for yourself." The old man rose and ambled heavilyto the door. There was a beatific smileon his old face. little Peter Augustuswas playing with the cat in the garden. . "Peter Augustus!" he shouted. "Peter Augustus! Your mother wantsyou!", The little boy dropped the cat andfixed a searching glance on his grandfather. , "Your mother wants you, Peter Augustus!" i "Does she want to warm me?" Peter Augustus cautiously demanded.r 'ILL JUSOHIl sl i i i T"1.; 9 HSnrnnlM' WSMKBrx WWW' 'fiYJl WlRwIf ' ' "-u"1Really Worth While.Eben Pratt of Marshby had sent twosons to Boston and knew he had reason to be proud of them. One day asummer visitor lingering in Mr. Pratt'sgrocery, provision and dry goods establishment mentioned some of theshining lights who had made themselves remembered in and near Bostonand others still to be found there,i ""We've had a good many smart menand women in and" around our city,"said the visitor, "and there are a number of them left. We've got scientificmen and writers and artists and musicians and"Mr. Pratt's dry voice broke in on theist "If ye call those folks smart,"he said, "ye want to go down nearthe water to an address I'll give yeand see the way my boys, Ed andSam, can open oysters.! I guess that'llgive ye something to go by when ye'retalking of smartness." Exchange.Willing to Be Honest.Phil May, the great English artist,earned his first fame in Australia. Oneday a broken down minister applied tohim for charity, and May engaged himas a model. As a joke he also demanded that his eighty-year-old pensioneragree to leave him his skeleton whenhe died. "When May left Australia hecalled his model in. "You've playedme a dirty trick," said May, "by swindling me out of that skeleton. I couldhave bought one in sound order andcondition for half the money you'vecost me." The old fellow, conscious ofhis base ingratitude to his best andmost patient friend, answered: "Don'tbe angry with me, Mr. May. It's notmy fault. I meant to keep my word.Stay in Sydney a few months longerand give me another chance to showyou that I am a man of honor."Rsdhot Plays."It is a tremendous undertaking toget a new play accepted and produced," once a-aid the late Clyde Filch toa friend. "So many are written, andso few ever see the light of day. AnEng ish playwright with a gift of humorous exaggeration illustrated thisfact to me once. He told me how hesubmitted a play to a celebrated actor and liow in the course of the conversation the actor remarked:" 'Don't you think it is growingchilly in this room?'" 'Yes; it is rather,' the young playwright admitted.i "Then the actor rang a bell, and aservant forthwith appeared." 'James,' said the actor, 'this roomis rather cold. You may put threemore manuscripts on the fire.' " Lippincott's. A Competent Critic.A famous actor at an elaborate entertainment at a Fifth avenue millionaire's palace in New York rose to recite Mrs. Browning's "Dead Pan." Ashe announced his subject and preparedto begin he heard a lady near him saydistinctly:"What is the next piece? Something funny, I hope. Oh, yes 'TheDead Pan!' Dear me, how odd! Ofcourse it must be -funny somethingabout bad cooking, I suppose."Playing Ker Cards., Tommy May I stay up a little longer? Ethel What do you want to stayup for? Tommy I want to see youand Mr. Green playing cards. Mr.Green But we are not going to playcards. Tommy Oh. yes, you are, forI heard mamma saying to Ethel thateverything depended on the way inwhich she played her cards tonight.Cautious.The young housekeeper was lookingat some soft shell crabs squirming andwriggling in their bed of seaweed.'They're yery nice," said the dealer."Shall I send you a dozen?""Yes," answered the innocent, "ifyou are sure they are fresh." NewYork Journal.Trials and Temptations.Every man deems that he has prei isely the trials and temptations whichnre the hardest of all for him to bear,but they are so because they are thevery ories he needs. Richter.Fly Time.Howell What is the best time of dayto go up in an airship? Powell Well,Ive always been a believer in earlyrising. New York Press.ji'hey can conquer -who believe theycan. Dryden.t" """"Com6Just asiapie ECffehe&i!abiii!s !K-iilJgHas two bins, one divided. Twa utensil drawersa mixing and breadboard nice white basswood top.Awell " made, nicelyfinished;:: cabinet andmhty reasonable at theprice named,SS.SO.a FAIN STREET,',m9&&XS&R&m3&&3Martin Bros,,Livery IVlenEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We havefor hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.Where He !s Wrong.In reality anything Is good enoughfor Ins n?sn who thinks nothing is toogood for fcim.kJIB3Oak Dining Table SS4.00.HThe Right Cement for Concrete U Saperior Endarcs.SUPERIOR CEMfcN 1Celebrated in the Middle West as the finestground and lowest in magnesia less than I percent. This means dense, durable concrete thatwill never crumble. It's a true Portland cementthat will last for ages. m Ask for our Free Superior Literature, which gives proportions formixing concrete, etc Insist on Superior.Uwos Trtut Inildiag, Ciaclamati, O.Jushu Crilu, Prettiest. wThe Superior Portland Cement Co.You Have Thought andCome to the store that has the goods that names the prices thathas the plan to make YOUR home easily po5Sible.With very heavy, massive pedestal base, roundtop extends 6 feet solidoak, rich golden finish.This table is well madear.d nicely finished, ofvery atti active design;will prove an ornamentto your home. The priceof $14.00 is very reasonable.OPPCOURT HOUSE!.jTo ly Friends and Home! People:j I have started a Magazine andI Newspaper Agency. Lowest (prices on all Magazines in circu-jlation. I ask for your orders tand help in getting them from 'your friends.Sincerely,! Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Economical Housewife.While a Boston man was in Vermont he went to dinner with a friendwho has some political aspirations.As they came In the door he heardthe woman of the house say to thehired girl: "I see Mr. Jones has somebody with him to dinner. Take thosetwo big potatoes down to the cellarand bring up three Small ones.'SOUD BYStiren Lumber CePark, Ky.-,Your home demandsstove and range satisfaction. Onlv pertect satisfaction will.be derived fromfrom such an articlewlien it bears this TradeMark:! Oc a day or $ I ; a weekwill place any "Buck's"in your home.WHEEL53EiaHSSS2SaBg5ieS8iSaS SE33 NK2&K&OL mEaSE&SEl 83B&Si&sb&&38B&&The Blushing Octopus.The octopus frequently changes itscolor, like a marine cameleon. Itwould appear, from recent studies ofthe creature, that the colored pigmentwhereby this change in color is effected is contained in envelopes inits skin, in the tissues of which aremuscular fibers actuated by nerves.Should these fibers become relaxed adark pigment appears. The phenomenon is said to be analogous to blushing. Harper's Weekly.For Home$565:All Expenses at Hotel Only $6.50This includes your board and admission to the several routes in the'eave. Onef eveningI J A GRAND THREE-DAYSFurnish YourPlanned it Togetherft)- .HtoimitiiW'WVA Mi " J f I ICOMPORT ROtiiR5SS.SO. -A mighty nice Oak Rccker fullquarter-sawed golden finish a solidbolted and braced Rocker, well madeand nic.ely finished - exceedingly comfortable and very attractive in appearance. It would be mighty good value at$9.00; more than remarkable at$6.50.IBBJBCHAS. GREEN.1MANAGER.''-' - "- ' "-- '--''A Rainfail of 450 Inches.The rainfall of a village among thehills of Assam, during ten weeks thisyear, was 250 inches. The "village isCherrapurji. the rainiest spot In Asiaand presumably in the world. Its annual rainfall is something over 450inches say, fifteen times as much asLondon. Chenapunji stands on aplateau, overlooking the plain of Sylhet, and ft is 4,455 feet above sealevel. Westminster Gazette.THE DRY FALL OUTINGTOMammoth CaveCircle and Private Parties.PARIS And all Way Stations WeUfleSflay.JN. 27,REGULAR TRAIN 7:38 A. M.for a promenade or dance.OUTINGWrite orvHomeEnameled Iron BedFull size Iron Bed plan,neat design heavy, continuous posts and heavy fillersnice, smooth casting richwhite, cream or white andblue enameled. Bed couldn'tbe duplicated elsewhere forless than $11.iftirauWraSr EHssKajaap bCHILD'S BEBBe sure yoti have a little bed that will keep thebaby warm for the' coolnights that are just afew days away.ESSSS&SSSan 'WlrfTTTMMaBm. MBEnglish Hermit's Strange Life.There died the other day, at theage of eighty-two, a hermit namedLewis, who for the last 20 years has.existed on shellfish and 'lived In hiscovered trawler, beached at LowerFishguard. He never varied his dietary, except when shellfish was scarce,,and then he substituted bread andcheese. To within two days of hisdeath he was in robust health. London Answers.kra.Phone L. & N. Ticket Ait 9rr - ,,$"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS? KENTUCKY, AUGUST 26, X91i;r"v - M "MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. Jennie Lyle and Miss Bettie"Vimont were in Lexington Friday.Mr. Tbos. McCiintock was inFlemingsburg Friday buying mules.Mr. J. P. Redmon returned Sundayafter a month's sojourn in Michigan.Quite a number of Paris'folks enjoyed a hay ride to Millersburg Fridayright.Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Bell, nf Paris,were guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs.H. D. Shy.Mrs. J. F. Blrbee left Wednesdayfor a visit to her mother, Mrs. HarrietWood, at Lebanon, O.Mrs. W. V. Shaw returned Fridayafter a protracted visit to her mother,Mrs. Harding, at Butler.Messrs. Earl nd Russell Petersonreturned Thursday after a threeweek's sojourn inMichigan.Mrs. Bi uce McMahan and sister,Miss Gurlie Insko, were guests Sundayof Mrs. J. M. Gregory, in Moorefield.There wilfbe a faculty recital at theM. F. C. Friday evening beginning at8:00. All friends and patrons of thecollege are cordially invited.Mr. J. Will Clarke and family, of. Lexington, arrived Saturday for avisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. E.P. Clarke, aDd, other relatives.Mesdames M. E. Martin and daughter, Mrs. D. F. Miller, the latter ofKeou, la., were guests of !Mrs. Elizabeth Powling at Carlisle Friday.Mr. Joe Miller spent a few days lastweek with -his grandmother, Mrs.Robert Howe, in Covington, afterwhich he left for Pdrdue University.Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Current, whowere at the bedside of his father fortwo weeks prior to his death, returnedto their home at Lexington Saturday.Mrs. Elizabeth Jefferson returned toher home at Lexington Saturday, aftera week's visit to her mnt and cousinMrs. N. J. Caldwell and Miss Laura C.Jefferson.Mr. Glarence Miller, of Cynthiana,has completed the concrete floor in theengine nouse ana is now ouiiaing aconcrete fruit house for Mrs. P. L.Dimmitt.The M. M. I. cadets gave an im-.promptu dance at the drill hall Saturday night, it being the first of the season. The occasion was thoroughly enjoyed by the large number present.Bud Dykes sold at public sale Saturday afternoon his household furniture,everything bringing good prices. TheDykes family will probably go toIndianapolis, IndM in the near future.Mrs.Anna Jefferson will vacate herhome in a few days, storing her furniture in the property of Mr. A. J.Tfaaxton on the corner of Sixth andMain. She will go to her daughter,Mrs. R. W. Becraft, at Paris, for thepresent.Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Hurst returnee!For Men Only.We make hats to order for menonly. The fit is guaranteed. We takethe shape and measurement of yourhead so as no mistake can be made.The prices range from 2 to ?5. 9THIS IS OUR LAST WEEK.We will only be here until Saturday. Ccme in and have your measure taken to-day. Bring in your oldhat and have it reblocked and cleaned. New hats in stock dirt cheap.This will be our last trip to Paris until next Spring.We thank the public for a liberalpatronage. We have made new hatsout of old ones for over 500 peoplewhile here.CINCINNATI HAT M'G'F. CO.SHOEy s -s-JSMasfKi ' yF I Iv y5Si j I J i?mOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetaI,now ready for inspection.M'Vill4filSaturday after a two weeks' sojorunin Philadelphia pand other Easterncities. It will be remembered tratMr. Hurst went as a delegate to theNational Cooperative Fraternal Insprance I Convention which convened atPhiladelphia, and was honored .by being made a member uf the ExecutiveCommittee, which means somethkp,as there were representatives in thisconvention from every state in theUnion and the Dominion of Canada.Dr. H. C. Burroughs left Monday-for a week's visit to his daughter,Mrs. James Spencer, in Louisville. Hewas accompanied by his niece. MissBetsy Spencer, who has been visitingrelatives here for a month.Some little excitement was createdSunday afternoon about five o'clockwhen it was leported a mad dog madeits appearance on the streets ofMillersburg. The animal was reportedto have bitten two dogs before it waskilled at the South end of town byJohnMahar.Rev. W. A. S. Swift, pastor of theMethodist -church, preached his firstsermon to his congregation Sundayevennig. He was greeted by a largeaudience, the other churches of thetown closing for the occasion. Rev.Swift made a good impression with tiishearers.Miss Ethel Colilns, day operator forthe Bourbon Home Telephone Co. hasbeen granted a week's vacation andwith her mother, Mrs Frankie Collins,and Miss Maria Smith, left Mondayfor a week's visit to Miss GraceSmith, at Indian Creek. Miss CurlieInsko will occupy the position of MissCollins during her absence.Dr. J. 0. A. Vaught who has justclosed his four years as PresidingElder of the Frankfort District, withhis family, will leave today for hisnew field of labor as Presiding Elderof the Covington District, and willmake their home at the Highlands.Dr. Vaught in a measure has beenidentified with the interests of Millersburg for the past twenty-five years.For fcur years he was pastor of ihechurch here. After that time histhree eldest daughters graduated fromthe M. F. C. A little more than oneyear ago he moved his family herefrom Frankfort. Since then his fourthdaughter graduated from the sameinstitution. Mr. Vaught has been afamiliar figure among us for a longtime and we feel that he and hisfamily are so closely identified with usthat they will return to our midstagain to make their home. They havealways "been popular here and theirannual visits in the past have beenlooked forward to with much pleasure.Mr. Vaught was pastor of the churchhere during the time of the long bitterstruggle between the people ofMillersburg and the Methodis1" Conference over the moving of the Kentucky Wesleyan College from here toWinchester. He was one of the valiants for Millersburg and of course forthis we love him and trust that theywill soon return among us.Rev. W. A. S. Swift, who has justbeen transferred from the ArkansasConference to the Kentucky Conference, and is the successor of Rev. T.m,liWUM&JMWgm Ssix-d Wfa J-.-. ETSTVSnriai3Effitogiasiig?BggtiFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.W. Watts, entered upon his chargehere Sunda y We gladly welcome himto our community and trust that in alarge measure he and family will takethe place of those who have just lextus.Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Allen entertained Thursday evening with a six o'clockdinner in honor of the sitxy-eighthbirthday of their father, Mr. J. G. Allen. The diner was served in courses.The following guests were present:Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball, Mr. andMrs. S. G. Carpenter, Mr. and Mrs.R. L. Tarr, Mr. and Mrs. LewisRogers. Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Ingles,Messrs. J. G. Smedley, W. M. Laysonand-W. V. Shaw.Rev. T. W. Watts, who has justclosed his four years as pastor of theMethodist church here has been assigned to the fccott street . church at Covington, with his family, will leave today for his new field of labor. Rev.Watts is an intellectural man and hissermons while with us were all scholarly treats. During the time he hasmade many friends as has his estimable wife and family. No peopleever left the town whose departure hasever been more regretted. Mrs. Wattsand Mrs. Fitch, her mother, were bothprominent figures in all lines ofchurch work during their time hereand notwithstanding the fact thatRev. Watts is a delicate man he hasalways been keenly alive to everyinterest in the building up of the community and schools. As a preacher heis not excelled in his own conference,as a citizen he is loved by all whoknow him. as a Mason his loss in thelodge will be keenly felt. His counselwas of the best and all were better forhaving him with us. Our loss will beCovington's gain.Trustees Order School Closed.Diphtheria, which made its appearance in the Colville school of whichMiss Bessie Miller, of this city, isteacher, has prompted the trustees ofthe district to order the school closed.Forty pupils attend the school regularly and as they have been exposed tothe disease it was thought best toclose the school for a couple of weeksin an effort to prevent an epidemic.Returns to Chicago.Miss Mary Day Ray, who wasseriously injured in the ferris wheelaccident at the Ewing Fair during theweek of August 17, returned toChicago in company with her aunt,Mrs. T. W. Case. While able to walkit is more than likely that the younglady will remain a cripple all her life.Miss Ray is a niece of Mrs. J. MorganBrown, of this city.Jaw Broken by Fall.Madison Smoot, aged thirteen years,son of Mrs. Gertrude W. Smoot, wasthrown from a bicycle at the interurban station Friday afternoon and sustained severe injuries. The wheelwhich he was riding struck a railthrowing the boy on his face. His jawwas br)ken, one upper tooth wasknocked out and another broken off,all of the lower teeth pushed out ofposition, the gum torn from the lowerteeth and his right wrist was sprained. Although suffering severely fromhis injuries he wakled to the home ofhis uncle, Mr. Wm. Remington.Must Pay Fine.The Court of Appeals Friday affirmed the judgment of the Hopkins Circuit Court in the case of the L. & N.Ry. Co. against the Commonwealth.The company was indicted by theHopkins county grand jury for its alleged failure to keep at the Madisonville depot, a suitable waiting roomfor passengers. On conviction thecompany was fined $250.The court says that the announcedintention of the Railroad Company toreraedy conditions constituting the defense, by erecting a new depot, wasno defense to a prosecution.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, 0.,And ReturnVIASunday, Oct. 1, '11,Fare $1.50 Round Trip,Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a.returning leaves Cincinnati 4thstation 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good onlym.,St.onspecial tram in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.We Want YourJobworkYou will want us tohave it -when you seeour samples and hear:: :: OUR PRICES :: ::Call at this office btthentnneed of anythingtnthe Itne ofPRINTINGNero Shot by Another Bltck.As a result of an altercation at thefair grounds Saturday night whichbrought to a close the colored fairwhich began Wednesday "Shorty" McCoy, a colored porter, employed in thesaloon of Ablert Lyons, shot andprobably fatally wounded FrazierWhite, ateo colored.The cause of the trauble leading upto the tragedy is difficult to obtain asstories are conflicting and although theamphitheatre was crowded withnegroes there seems to be no eye witness to the affair, and those who werenearest McCoy at the time of his arrest, discliam any knoledee of the difficulty leading up to the shooting.Both McCoy and White hear thereputation of being "bad men,' thelatter participating in a fight at thefair laBt year, during which a shootingwas narrowly averted.It is said shortly before the tragedy,McCoy and White met on the promenade and engaged in conveisatiun,which was followed by each using vilelanguage, when McCoy is said to havedrawn his revolver and fired at White,the latter falling upon the floor of thestand, apparently dead.Marshall G. N. McKenney, who withWm. Tobin, was policing the grourdswas beneath the stand, and attractedby the report of the le vulvar made hisway hastily to the scene. McCoymade no effort to escape End wasstanding a few feet i.-.ay from hhvictim.The shooting caused a p.n cthe negroes and there wasscramble to get out of danger,the excitement was at itsamenga wilaWhileheightluaiBimi latzixenney was maKing aneffort to ascertain who fired the shot.Seeing McCoy standing close to theform of White, he approached him toascertain if he knew the person whodid the shooting. The negro was suspecting the intention of the officer wasto place him under arrest, informedhim he was the person who shot White.Marshal McKenney placed him underarrest and found he still had the revolver with which he shot White in hispossession and partly concealed beneath his coat. The negro was turnedover to Marshal Tooin who landed himin jail.The bullet from the 38 calibre revolver entered White's body about threenicheB below the collar bone on theright side passing through the bodyand striking the spinalcolumn, whichcaused paralysis. He was picked upunconscious and taken to his home onEighth street, where an examinationwas made by Dr. Sebree, a coloredphysician. All efforts to locate thebullet were without result and yesterday lafternoon he was taken to theGood Samaritan hospital in Lexington,where an X-ray examination will bemade.nlfftaarvLinl H .tr IWhite has served several jailtences for participating in fightsun one occaiBon escaped fromcounty jail, being captured later.is regarded as a dangerouB negro.senandtheHeCoal Oil Stove Exploded.The fire department was called outlast evening in response to a telpehonealarm to the residence of Elder J. T.Sharrard on South Main street. A coaloil stove in the kitchen exploded causing some little damage to the woodwork. The fire department rrade aquick run but the fire was about outwhen they reached the scene.Fire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Arm Injured.Mrs. Harry Clay sustained a severeinjury Sunday afternoon as the resultof a fall she received. She sufferedintense pain from the injury,th6 extentof which her physician has not beenable to determine.Elder Morgan Bsard Member.At the convention cf the State Missionary Soci.ty held in Frankfort lastj week Elder Carpy E. Morgan, pastor, of the Paris Christian church, webI chosen as a member of the ExecutiveBoard.By a resclutir.n adopted both politi-1cal parties are credited with being Isincere in their platform declarationsof the county urit law.In r solutions adopted Wednesday bythe' convention the policy of this greatchurch body in the State election willbe lo keep hands off so far as eitherparty is concfrned.Both parties are commended for inserting the county unit plan in theirplatforms, and the Anti-SaloonLeague is praised for keeping out ofpartisan politics.The officers of the State body elected Wednesday" are: President, M. G.Buckner, Owersboro; first vice president, W. C. Eldred, Carlisle: second'vice president, W. A. Fite, Paducah ;lecording secretary, B. W. Trimble,Mt. Sterling; secretary and treasurer,H. W. Elliott, Sulphur; executiveboard, B. C. Dewese, W. F. Simth, R.'W. Wallace, Lexington; H. D. Smith,Hopkinsville ; Carey E. Morgan.Paris ;J. H. McNeill, Winchester; W. S.Irvin, Nicholasville; Smallwood FundAdvisory Committee, H. D. Smith; W.P. Winrfey and George C. Talbott.Farm Interest Sold.J. C. McDaniels, of Millersburg,sold this week to C. L. Guthrie, hisundivided one-half interest in twotracts of land containing 220 acres, lying on the Mt. Sterling and Flat Kockpike, adjoining the land of A. BThomason and Jos. Wilson. The pricepaid was $11,886 89.Large Increase,, The .enrollment of the Eastern Kentucky State Normal School this seasonis 25 per cent larger than it has beenany per cent larger than it has beenany previous year say's the prenident.A systematic 'form of advertising waspursued this year.A Correction.Ah omision in a news note takenfrom the Daily News, of Dallas, Texas, published in a recent issue of theNews .left the impression that anentertainment given by Mr. and Mrs.C. G. Morgan, of that city, was forLDr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller,- of Paris,when it should thave been forLiela Keller Lwho is vis'iting, inMissimatROYALBAKING POWDERip Absolutely PwreS& MAKES HOME BAKING EASYLight Biscuit if( f: Delicious Cake . jfff Dainty Pastries jy Fine Puddings r IH Flaky Crusts ;"" Bj . The only Baking Powder made Mf from Royal Grape Cream of Tartar W1 1 ft InBlunder Now a Brilliant Maneuvre. The controversy which followed thenaval battle of Santiago and resultedin a court of inquiry to considereharges that practically amounted toan accusation of cowardice againstAdmiral, then Commodore Winfield S.Schley, has been reopened in a mostsurprising way by the publication of ahistory of the Spanish-American Warfrom the pen of Admiral P. E. Chadwick, commander of the flagship NewYork, and Admiral William T. Sampson's chief of staff at the time of thebattle, says a dispatch from NewYork.There was much criticism on thepart of Sampson's supporters of thecourse of Admiral Schley for turninghis flagship, the Brooklyn, at a critical point of the battle. It was claimed that Schley started to run awayfrom the fight.Much was made of this point in thecontroversy that waged between thefactions of the navy.Now comes Admiral 'Chadwick andshows by his account of the battle thatSchley's course in turning the Brooklyn, instead of being a discreidtableact, as in fact a brilliant navalmaneuver, for which Schley and Capt.Cook should have been given greatpraise.Admiral Schley was so bitterly opposed that had it not been for AdmiralDewey's prompt an1 decisive defenseof his action he would have been disgraced. THEATRICAL."THE ROSARY."When Rowland & Clifford's newplay, "The Rosary," by EdwardE.Kose, comes to tne rans urana onWednesday, October 4, the discriminating public will fce give an opportunity to see pictured .before them thegrowing unrest and irreligion of ourtimes. It is a faithful picture of themisery and unhappiness that sucelycomes upon a man, who lacks faith inthe supreme gcod and its triumphs inoar world.Can one evil mind poison a household? Is the human brain capable ofproducing disastrous effects upon ahousehold by adverse suggestivethoughts?Do we realize adequately hew ourmental attitudes influence our livesand the lives about us?And the answer? Well, the playthe answer.is44144.Save your poultry by administeringa few doses of 4-11-44. It cures themof disease and makes them healthy.2t VARDEN & SON.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curti3 has accepted a popkion at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in fshort space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfInsure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. Minton.non - uniontfSilo Erected.Mr. Henry Fuhrraan, proprietor ofthe Paris Bus and Transfer line, has Jauuui, cumpieiea tne erection or a siloat his barn on West Second street forthe storage of green feed for his stockthis winter.Former Paris Boy-Hurt byCar.1 Temple Ashbrook, faged 12 years,son of Mrs. T. Earl Ashbrook, formerly of this city, was severely bruisedbut not seriously hurt Thursday morning abcut 11 o'clock in Lexington,when he was struck by a street car.He was riding a bicycle alongside of acar and was holding to the, car whenhe attempted to cross in front of a cargijgin the opposite direction. Thecar struck the bicycle knocking theridecfrom, the wheel and on the trackbehind the car to which, he had justbeen holding. While he was nainfnUebruised his injuries are not. serious.DEATHS.George S. Robinson, aged 45, Circuit Clerk of Scott county, died inGeorgetown Friday morning after aweek's illness. Ee was the son of exGov. Robinson, of Kentucky, and wasone of the beat known and most popular men in Scott county.MATRIMONIAL.Mrs. Maiy Barbour, of Lexington,and Mr. S. H. Baker, of Peoria, 111.,,were united in marriage in the formercity at the home of the bride's father,Mr. W. H. Horine, Thursday eveningat 7 :30 o'clock. Rev. J. B. Harris, ofthe Methodist church, officiated. Theparty left Sunday for Peoria, wherethey will make their home, Mr. Bakerbeing a prosperous business man ofthat place. The bride is a sister ofMr. H. N. Horine, of this city, whowith his wife attended the wedding.Banquet to Champ Clark.The Commercial Club of Lexington,announced Saturady that it will give a:testimonial banquet in that city Saturday night, October 7, to Champ Clark,Speaker of the House of Representatives, who will be thee that night tolecture before State University.Bourbon County Crop ConditionsCrop conditions in Bourbon continueto improve with the 'spreading of tobacco and the maturing: of late corn.Garden truck is rolling into town inlarger quantities and at prices morereasonable than for many months.Milk and butter supplies have increased as a result of cows grazing upongreen grass, and with cooler weather; and the moulting season of fowls practically over tne supply or eggs navealso increased.Confidence prevails throughout 'thecounty as a result of improved conditions and wflh an indicated yield oftobacco much larger than prevailedone month ago the revenue that willflow into the hands of the farmers andlater find their way into the channelsof retail trade has had the effect ofmaking things lively in all departments of a busy city.The unusual activity prevailing inthe real estate trade has made ..transactions numerous in the sale of farmsboth publicly and privately and fromnow until the beginning of the cropseason of 1912 rrany exchanges ofDroperty are expeeted. Good farmsare in active demand, as reported byt'e local real estate dealers, and the demand for homes in thecity has about consumed every housedesirably locate, they say.FOR RENT.Home place of Mrs. Kate ButlerKinder, three and one-half miles fromParis on Cane Ridge pike. 35 acres forcorn, -40 acres for wheat, 10 acres fortobacco. Never failing water. Moneyrent. Possession given March 1, 1912.East Tennesseephone 746.MRS. KATE B. KINDER,300 East Main St.,19 2t Paris, Ky.Public SaleI will offer at oublic salepremises one-half mile fromon theMillers-burg, on Mayvsille and Lexington nikeas administrator of Rachael J. Chanslor, deceased, at1 O'clock p. m., Sept. 30, '11the following property :1 .bay horse about 11 years old,Good work mare, 9 years old.1 yearling mule.2 long yearling steers.1 milch cow.4 brood sows.12 gilts.69 head of shoata.The bogs are all thoroughbred. DuroeJeraeys.Lot of household furniture. -, J. C. JEFFERSON;- . v Administratorcity.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,- KENTUCKY, SEPT. 26,-1911-Uifc BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODf ORD.--Land Sold.P Mr. J. S. Clark sold to Mr. JesseTurney a small tract of land on theMaysville pike adjoining the farm ofMr. Turney, last week. The pricewas private.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.D. of C. Meeting.There will be a buisness meeting ofthe Richard Hawe3 Chapter Daughtersof the Confederacy at the court houseon Friday at 2:30 o'clock. All membersrequested to be present.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Lodge News.rans uouncil JJo. 30, Royal andSelect Masons, will meet tonight toelect officers and confer degrees uponreverai candidates. A full attendance of the memters is requested.Kiefer Pears.Fears for preserving at $3 per bushel.C P. COOK & CO.Fell from High Bridge.P. C. Berneace, of 'Cincinnati, anemploye of the American Bridge Company, fell from the new High Bridgeon the Cincinnati Southern RailwaySaturday morning a distance of about275 feet and of course was instantlykilled.PERSONAL MENTION.Save Your Poultry.Why lose your poultry from diseasewhen a few doses of 4-Tl-d4 will vathem.2tVARDEN & SON.Typhoid Fever Epidemic.Eight cases of typhoid fever are reported in Henry Addition. Severalcases are reported in other sections ofthe city. Everyone should boil thewater used for drinking purposes intheir homes as a precaution againstthe disease.4-11-44.Save your poultry by administeringa few doses of 4-11-44. It cures themof disease and makes them healthy.2t VARDEN & SON.Painting Court House.Kane Bros., painting contractors,have engaged for several days' painting the wood and steel work on thecourt house. The workmen have completed giving the building the first coatan hope to finish the job by the last ofthe week.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.McClure & Gendenin writeFire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Bourbon Farms Sold.Mrs. R. G. Stoner, of Montgomerycounty, sold Thursday her two .Bourbon farms situated on the Flat Rockpike Fabout three mils from town.Mrs. Stoner sold "Oakland," her latehome, containing 311 acres to Wm. H.Whaley, Jr., ana the farm known asthe Daniel Hibler farm of 343 acres,to John T. Hedges. These are considered two of the best farms in Bourbon county. The price was private.Seed Wheat and Rye.See us before buying yourwheat and seed rye and timothy.22 3t C. S. BRENT & BRO.seedUpto Date Billiard Hall.Follow theHard Hall.crowds toMann's Bil15 tfShears' Draft Now Official.President William Neal, of the 'BlueGrass League, has announced that hehad been officially notified of thedrafting of Pitcher Shears, of theParis Club, by the New York Americans. Shears is about twenty yearsold and is tall and raw-boned. He is asouthpaw and has good control. Hisfriends expect him to make a goodshowing. Shears was secured by theParis club from the Minneapolis teamof the American Association.Save Your Poultry.Why lose your poultry from diseasewhen a few doses of 4-11-44 will savethem.2t VARDEN & SON.Lexington Now in the Lead.Lexington is now one game md thelead tin the post-season series withParis assuming the lead by taking thedouble bill in Lexington Sunday afternoon. Paris defeated Lexington Friday afternoon, on the Lexingtongrounds by a score of 7 to 5. Thejgarae was poorly contested and Robbins, the Colt hurler, was hit hard.Eddington, who succeeded him, wasextremely wild.The Colts won the first game of thedouble header in Lexington' .Sundayafternoon y a score of 5 to 0 and theEeond 7 to 3. Hauser west bothi aniM far the locals but poor supportgave itbe fame te the Colts. Bothlearna:pjsyed raffed ball.Mr, J as. W. Wash visited in Maysville Saturday." Mrs. Homer Kiser visited relativesat Shawhan yesterday.Miss Annie'Miller, of Ashland, isvisiting relatives in this city.Mr. J. W.Bacon has, returned fromCincinnati after a several days' stay.Mrs. Carey E. Morgan has recovered from her recent severe illness.Mrs. M. L. Downs, of Douglas,Arizona, is the guest of Mrs. W. W.Judy.Mr. Joe James, the popular clerkat C. B. Mitchell's is ill with typhoidfever.Mrs. G. W. Taylor is the guest ofher sister, Mrs. Lummie Bell, in Dayton, O.Dr. Miltou Stern, of New York, isvisiting hi parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.A. Stern.m Mrs. Blannie Shipp. of Lexington,is me guest ot her daughter, Mrs. W.F. Talbott.Mr. Robt. Neely remains in acritical condition at his home on Duncan avenue.Bill Player Angemeier Dies.Leo Angemeier, the base oall catcher, formerly with Frankfort in theBlue Grass League, but who playedthis season with New Orleans in theSouthern League, died in LouisvilleSaturday of swamp fever contractedwhile playing ball at Huntsville, Ala.Angemeier last season was drafted bythe Cubs and turned over tn the Pelicans. His upward stride in professionHi ball was being watched by a largenumber of admirers in the Blue Grass.Feld's for Fall Footwear.PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK, IMPLEMENTS ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS.Stockholders to Meet.- Satruday afternoon the stockholder!i .ue coupon county Agriculturalsociety will meet in the court house ato clock to elect officers and hear thedetailed report of the Treasurer, C.Arnsparger. The meeting will be an7ul1"""' e in many respects ana alull attendance of the stockholders oftne Society is requested. The officersof the Society are not yet prepared tomake a statement regarding the condition of the organization followingthe recent fair as all accounts of theindebtedness incurred during the weekhave not yet been received. As snnnas the Treasurer's report is completea statement will be made and submitted to the stockholders.Miss Nannie Miller is quite ill atthe home of Miss Anna May Davis onPleasant street.Mrs. Arthur Berry, of Lexington,is visiting her mother, Mis. J'. T:iviartin, in this city.Miss Carolyn Roseberry has returned from a visit to Miss Clara BelleWalton in Lexington.Miss" Amanda Henry, of Louisville, is the guest of Mrs. AliceSweeney on Higgins avenue.Mrs. E. J. Beers, who has beenvisiting in this citv. returned Yesterday to her home in Carlisle.President R. H. Crossfield, ofTransylvania Univeristy, Liexington,was a visitor in Paris Friday.Mrs. Cheney Craig, of Cheney,Mo., is the guest of her father, Mr.Lloyd AshurBt, near this city.Mr. Miller Casey, of St. Louis,Mo., is visiting his grandmother, Mrs.tsettie Mcllvaine, in this city.Mrs J. W. Dejarnett and daughter, Miss Lillian, have returned froma visit to relatives in Louisville.Mrs. Julia Neal and daughter,Miss Mamie, have returnea from avisit to Mr. Wm. Neal in Chicago.Mrs. R. D. Weaver,, of NorthMiddletown, is the guest of the familyof Mr. W. T. Berry, in Maysville.Mrs. F. P. Kiser will entertainthe Five Hundred Club Fridav evening at her home on Houston avenue.Mr. and Mrs. William Wilson, ofBoston, Mass., arrived Friday for avisit to Mr. and Mrs. George Allison.Mr. T. I. Wills, of Winchester,was the guest of his son, Mr. JamesWills, and family, Saturday and wSunday. Mrs. E. M. Dickson and daughter,Mrs. Durand Whipple, have returnedfrom Cincinnati after Beveral days'stay.Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Clark and Mr.John W. Young, of Bourbon, are visiting Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Hopper inMaysville.Mr. and Mrs. Bourbon Current, ofRichmond, and Mr. U. J. Lancaster,of Corbin, visited relatives in thiscity Sunday.Mrs. J. M. Wood, of Winchester,is here with her mother, Mrs. MaryStivers, who a few days ago suffereda fractured wrist.Mr. Frank Burns is suffering froman attack cf typhoid fever at his homein Henry Addition. 'Mrs. Burns is alsoquite ill from typhoid.-Miss Katie Graham Thompson,guest of Mrs. J. T. Hinton, in thiscity, spent the weekend with MissElizabeth Bewley in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. R, L. Robbins returned to their home in Grand Rapids,Mich., Friday after a visit to realtivesand friends in this city and county.Miss Madeline Monin, who fhasbeen visiting friends in the Southernpart of the state has returned to thiscity to spend the winter with her sister, Mrs. Alice Sweeney.Rev. J. S. Simms, pastor of theMethoidst church, preached his firstsermon to his congregation here Sunday. Rev. Sims is located at theWindsor Hotel for the present.Mrs. John Dean and daughter.Miss Eliazoeth Dean, Mrs F. Burke,and Mrs. M. J. Lavin, of this city,were in Frankfort Thursday and visited the new Capital and penitentiary.Mrs. Louis Hooge, of Popularville. Miss., who has been the guestof friends- in this city for severalweeks, has gone to New Albany, Ind.,for a visit to friends before returningto her home.Mrs. Wm. Schnick, of Beaumont,Texas, who has been iisting her father, Mr.. M. B. Lovell, suffered , an attack of appendicitis and undeiwent anoperation at the Good Samaritan Hospital Lexington, Wednesday.Mrs. W. E. Risk and daughters,Misses Juilus Lee and Ida KennedyRisk, of Midway, who have been theguests for spveral days of Mr. andMrs. C. A. Webber at their home nearthis city, returned to their home yesterday. Brigadier General and Mrs. LouisMussinon, accompanied hy ElderCarey E. Morgan and daughter, MissRuth Morgan, and Miss belie Horton !were visitors in Lexington Saturday.The party madft the trip in GenetalMusEincn's automobile.Having rented my farm and concluded to quit farming, I will sell on thepremises, beginning at the hour of teno'clock a. m, onWednesday, October 1 8, 151 1all my stock, crop and farming utensils, household and kitchen furniture,etc:1 pair Percheron mares,5 and 6 yearsold, good workers, in foal1 pair extra mare mules, 4 and 5years old.1 pair mare mules.1 sorrel horse.1 Gambetta Wilkes mare, pedigreelurnisnea at sale, in foal to BaronRhythmic.1 yearling black filly, out of Gambetta Wilkes, by Locanda.Also suckling colt at sid9 by Locanda. 1 six year old good road horse.1 hve year old gelding, good familyhorse.3 No. 1 Jersey milk cows.1 yearling Jersey heifer to calvesoon.1 good steer calf.35 good breeding ewes.2 No. 1 Southdown bucks.56 fat hogs.2 two-horse wagons.2 binders,, good ss new.2 new Avery riding cultivators.1 No. 1 Deering mower.1 Randall harrow.2 breaking plows.1 good two-horse slide.1 brand new scalding trough.1 good cider mill.1 No I drag.1 No.l Black Hawk corn planter.2 No. 1 sets wagon harness.25 acres of corn and lot of timothyand clover hay in barn.All kinds of farming implements andcarpenter's tools, etc , too numerousto mention.1 parlor set.3 bed room sets.Rugs, carpets, chairs, etc.15 Bronze turkeys.. 150 chickens, all kinds.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.H. O. JAMES, Agent.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Also at the same time and place, 1will rent 24 acres of grass land untilMarch 1 or 15, 1912.FOR RENT.Furnished room for twoApply at 709 High street.gentlemen.26 tfNotice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society are requested to meet in the court house onSaturday, September 30, a- 2 o'clockp. m. Election of officers for the ensuing year and other important business. A full attendance of the stockholders is desired.26 '.it J. M. HALL, President.WANTED.Married man with one or two boys"for helpers in dairy. Must be goodclean milkers and no others need apply. 26 2t WM. FARRIS.In the lobby of the postoffice lastweek an umbrella. Owner can havesame by calling at this office, provingproperty and paying advertisingcharges.NOTICE TO CREDITORS.All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Rachael J. Chanslor are requested to have same properly proven according to law and presentsame for payment to undersigned.Those owing estate will please settleat once.J. C. JEFFERSON,26 4t Administrator.Maysville, Ky.NOTICE.Ball Players Leave.The members of the Paris bail clubwho have been here followisg the cioseof the season playing the post-seasonseries with the Colts, left yesterdayfor their homes, Ollie Chapman, Ed.McKernan,and Wm. Kuhlman goingto Cincinnati, Danny Harrell to Pittsburg, Shears to Minneapolis, JamesHauser to Lyons Ind.; and John Barnett snd Jack S eh en berg to-Hunting-ton."' -I To whom it may concern: I will onor after October 3, 1911, make an application to the State Board of PrisonCommissioners of Frankfort, Ky., fora parole for Wat. Staffurd. now confined in the penitentiary at Frankfort,Ky , having been- convicted in theBourbon Circuit Court for wilfully andmaliciously cutting another personwithout killing said person.3t wy WAT. STAFFORD.FOR RENT.Moderti cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Good stable onpremises. Apply toMRSr ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.9 tf - u E. T. Phcne 591."V-A VICTROLAFOR FIFTY DOLLARS!I These Are Opening Days With Us. fOur line of Pall Merchandise is the largest and bestselected in the history of our business, and consists of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets.. . Dress Goods.The new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &c.Velvets For Suits and Dresses.White Corduroy, the Novelty.Our Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings The largest in this part of the State. 'Red Letter Day,Wednesday, September 27th.Ten (10) S. & H. Green Trading Stamps Free.VICTOR-VICTROLA IXHeretofore Victrolas havebeen made to sell at $250,S200, $150, $100 and $75.Now the Victor people havebrought out a beautiful Victrola for $50 in Mahogany orQuartered Oak, 12-inch turntable, double-spring motor,Victor tapering arm, allmetal parts nickle plated.Stop in, See and Hear It.BAUflBERTY BROS.IW. Ed TuckerWE ARE READY FOR YOU!4Imm mmI 'Fee's Cash Specials!For This Week. IwwIChase & Sanborn's Speckd BrandCoffee, 30c value, per lbChase & Sanborn's Bonita Tea,75c value, per lbChase & Sanborn's High-Grade Coffee,35c value, per lbI50c!30c Iti ui! r i . i r i e t. P-jonn noriman s vurea meats ana uriea oaits,Market Price.Paris Purity Flour, 25-lb. sackParis Fairy Patent Flour, 25-lb. sackFresh Pies and Cakes Daily.70c65cLiI HAVE SOMEzVERY SPECIAL PR I CISTO OFFER YOU ONCarpets,MattinIs -iiW-i)!r,5jv,-vjj ,-1ipSfei HkMn hii&fe llfl I Qk liUiL , , gkrs& -- '' SB Iff Ml IfnOQand Get ThemCome inWonderfulReductions -inWALL PAPER .JI will sell you LAWN and PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you. have everbeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKS left at big cut in prices.J. T. KinSTTOIvFFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W7 0. Hmtor,residence 5ft; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Pljone 286..;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 26, 1911.kImFREE SAMPLE CURED OLD -PERSON'SBOWEL TROUBLEbrusstOne of the most remarkable proofsof the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men and-women of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constipation andbowel trouble in old people ithasnoegual. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. Caldwell'sSyrup Pepsin. Yotf can prolong yourlife by healthy bowel action. Cloggedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor.Address him Dr. W. & Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, (MtfgsceIlp, 111.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Now Showing Our Complete Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hats and Furnishing Coods.At $15 we are showing a nobby line of newbrown Suits in the famous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.Lain Brand and Ohults Shirts at $1 and $1.50.W. L. Douglas & Co. Shoes at 2.50, 3, $3.50and 4French's fine hand-hame Shoes fo. men specialafe $4.Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 best in the world.We are showing a full liriie of Trunks, Suit Casesand Traveling Bags.mTwinrOfe.L. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.nL. Sb N. TIME-TABLE' IN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No.34134297104037312332625913838539308321431Trains ,A.rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga. , Daily 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 amCynthiana, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 7.15 amMaysville, Ky., Daily' Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Kv., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexinsrton, Kv . Daily Except Sunday 8 12 am. ..-'. r -r;i n KA .v, ..,. x-i-umcinnam, u., xjuuy r. .y.ou am J monin irom touay.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.06 am j "Certainly. Two thousand if youReturn FavorsBy KATHLEEN J. M'CURDYCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.Lord Lyttleton came over to NewYork In search of a wife. He broughtletters to me, and I put him up atthose clubs to which I belonged. Ididn't need to introduce him to ourset because it was known he wascoming, and all the women with marriageable daughters I mean thosewho are looking for foreign titlesflooded him with invitations as soonas he arrived.I had a matrimonial scheme on handmyself. 1 didn't need money, youknow, having a couple of hundredthousand income, but I liked MissAuchincloss, who had as much more.There are those of us well to do peoplewho don't wish to be bothered makingmore money. We usually marry amongourselves, so you see it was possiblefor Miss Auchincloss and me to consider love just like ordinary people.Well, I introduced the Englishman toher, and what did he do but make upto her and offer himself.The first I knew of it Miss Auchincloss sent for me and told me mindyou, I hadn't proposed to her that shewas intending to accept my lordlyfriend."Love match?" I asked, controllingmy surprise."Nonsense!""Title?""Of course. We all wish to get upin the social scale, and, say what youlike, a title is always a step higherthan no title,""How about the man you have totake with it?""Lyttleton is passable.""Well?""What do you think of it?""It'll be a good thing for me. I don'tsee how a man can put another moreunder obligations to himself than byintroducing him to a girl he hoped toget for his wife and giving her up tohim. When I go to London I'll havesome one to do a lot for, me. Does heknow of my pretensions?""Not till J told him.""Well, goodby. You have acceptedhim, I suppose.""Yes, but we're not to be marriedfor a year. I'm to go over and havea look at the castle. He says 100,000for repairs will be required.""Well, I wish you joy iu your title."I bade her goodby, and, going to myclub, I found Lyttleton."Hello, old chappie!" he said. "Gladto see you.""Accept my congratulations uponyour engagement."."She's told you, has she? Well, oldfellow, she told me she has turnedyou down for me. Deuced poor taste,you know. Don't see how she couldhave done it. By the bye, you couldn'tlet me have a matter of 1,000 or sofor a few weeks? I'm getting remittances of rents from my acents due aLexinsrton. Kv., Dailv 10.02 amCincinnati, O., Daily . 10.18 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except bunday 11. 50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Kv., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily . 5 25 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily ..G32nmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 0 17 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10 27 pmCincinnati, O. , Daily. . !10 :45 pmTrains ID e -partTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amFrankfort &JLouisville, Daily Except .Sunday TA3 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 airMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 0.57 amKnoxville, Tenn. , Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.1S amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.21 amMaysville, K., Daily 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 11.54. amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.4S pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily - 6.22 pm8 Maysvill", Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1 .6.25 pm13 Lexington. Ky.. Daily . 6.25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexipit'p, K!". i"Mly 10.53 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pmNo.3442974010137373313362625OSTIIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunca 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Dai'y E cf pt Si iiela 3 40 pm$ Louisville & Frankfort, Dailv Lxcept Sunday 6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains IDepartNo. TO161 Frankfort &. Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am' 7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.55 amNot S Bad as That.BIoosLln.9 Loosens the phlegm This little boy was making his firstCough immediately and per- struggle with natural history. Observ-Chokr manently, cures a ing for th first time a very fluffy,n,,.5.Ui?mVCrOTJP,hoop" silky spaniel, ha remarked: "Someasssissajii feither8' and other dosschildren. 25c. 60c and IL00 a bottle. 3u8t sldn-. Mrs. Harrfette Wills Alks. Gfory. S.C. says:I hve h4 Bronchitis for about tweaty years andtte the frsfeflctee that Has deae mt awch good, j Uany I710Ugnt.If what you bav done yesterday" W. T. Brooks, Agent. swmg big to you todayyouhayedone nothing today.like.""Weil, make it two while you'reabout it."I wrote him a check for $10,000, andbefore he left the country I had lenthim $10,000 more. This giving up mygirl to him and lending him these"ciims I think was, to say the least,magnanimous. I told him I should beover the water soon after his arrival,whereupon he said perhaps I wouldn'tmind wailing payment till I reachedthere. I told him it wouldn't troubleme at all.Of course the first thing I did onreaching London was to notify him ofmy arrival. lie came right down tomy hotel and shook both my handsheartily."There's one thing about it overhere," he said, his exuberant welcomesobering down, "our clubs don't allowintroducing strangers at all. It's awfully disappointing not to be able toput you up, old chappy, but I can't,you know.""Oh, it doesn't matter," I said. "Isuppose I'll meet some nice people inother ways.""So you will; so you will. Rut whydidn't you come in the season? Mostof my friends are out of town.""You mean at their country places.Aren't they to be seen there?""Certainly, on invitation. But, youknow, their guests are all booked forthis season. It's awfully awkward,you know.""I see. Don't feel bad about it.""I must be going now. I have anappointment with Colonel De Granville, one of the kings equerries. I'lltelephone you as to my plans for you."That was the last I saw or heardof Lyttleton, and as for my loans theyare loans yet.I was about to return to Americawhen I received a note from Miss Auchincloss'asking me to come to see her.She was at a hotel, which surprisedme."Having a pleasant visit?" she asked."Fine.""Seeing lots of the aristocracy?""Loads of them."She broke Into a laugh."Got the money you loaned Lyttleton?" "How did you find out about that?'She laughed again. "A little birdtold me."I sat tapping my foot with my cane."It's all off between Lyttleton andme. I never intended to marry himwithout an investigation. I've madeit."Miss Auchincloss and I went homentbesameVteamr Rifa when we ar-,vtlved?were-engaged. -InternationalENGINESBBBBsvAll Types of Eu silage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky..Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. P. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges oi yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aS AMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idicr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Hod Balm (B B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure becuuof it lids the system ot thepoison germt- that cause catarrh. Atthe same tin o Blocd h aim (B. B B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom ofcatanh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of waim, rich,pure blood direct to tho paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, anden teia way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggi&t- or by exsress, 1 per largebcttle, with directions for l me cure.Samples sent free by writing BleedHalm Co., Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour tr. uble ard fiee medical advicegiven. Pole Ly Varden & Son.I TWIN BROS.im siS3RS&f3-5K5g5awS&tTrt&$epaHunesii Store This WeeksAprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests Sc, While Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.r-TNBROS&TZ-3Two Big Stores in OneParis, Kentucky5Cor. 7th and Main3S5?JBloodinoOintmentCuresEczemaItching and BleedingPiles, Psoriasis, SaltEheum, Pimples, Bashes, Dandruff andFall-ing iiair.Mrs. H. W. Allen. GaffnSy, S C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.A'JZioA StZ.zmmmwmMmmmmmwmMwwMen's Inhumanity to Man.Some men, when they are arrestedon a serious charge, are sent to jail.Others, like one in New York, faremuch worse. The magistrate told hiswife to take him home and tell himwhat she thought of him. Rochester JDemocrat and Chronicle.wilfi.PlA.. i de to jrfastand the:;, " wwMUUUa ux every unmate. AmaJGramatPr arh nnm?rsiriiiono. M, .i.tjii. . , m,wy ":",;il . ji j " ,V v"""" -"Jtuiiaiiuw? "ui "..unaer TPe DlazmS sun., nor crack in the bitterest cold.ly acknowledged theAmalgamated ARCed!&It's made by our e"SSS2a'S5laSyffi$nn"iNr bsi)luteA Jerfeot roofing. AmalgamateS ARCROOMING is standard and tafes the same insurance rate as sl rNo Credit to Him."I don't believe he ever deceivedanybody but himself." "Well, that'sprobably because he has found himselfso easy."WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that w are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of "Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives ingtant relief to that torturing Itch.Becaus D. D. D. fttarU tha cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of tea yearsf complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized astke absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case witk usG. S. Varden & Son.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, IU.?Paris Lumber and Manufactur ing Co., Pans, Ky.Lexington TROTSOctober 3-14Greatest in the WorldWorld's Champion TrotterAppears Three Times.- Tuesday, Oct. 3UHLAN 1 :5Sl$21,000 Futurity3,000 Tennessee Stake - Tuesday, Oct. 35,000 Futurity - - Wednesday, OGt. 43,000 MGDowell Stake Wednesday, OGt. 4 j5,000 Transylvania Stake Thursday, OGt. SGreat Free For All PaGe Friday, Oct 68,000.Champ. Stallion Stake Mond'y, OGt. 93,000 Walnut Hall Cup - Monday, Oct. 92,000 Free For All Trot Tuesday, Oct. 10Every World's Champion from Yearling up, PresentSensational Racing Daily.MUSIC BY WEBER. HALF-FARE OK RNlRQfiiSCS1STHE BOURBON NEWS,- PARIS,. KENTUC: V. SEPT. 26, ,1911.DR.DOLLE'SIMCTITIITET Wh"e MEN are CURED.ISlOlllUie LET ME CURE YOU!TINCSTCQUIPPCD INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITED STATESNOT MANY MILESTO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALL-COST, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, HO PA,FAMOUS FOR 20 YEARS.DffScnlt Sarsrlcal Operations performedwith skill and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST GURESOC any Specialist. That Stay Cared.YOUNG MEN AJXD ALL MEN , COME.Q G I E? Q PERMANENT CURE, withoutSO the knife. One treatment cures.VARfPflPEIP KO KNIFE. Cared infmiluUUCLEL One Treatment.pifPTHPET Stricture, Etc. CuredKWrl UnCj by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Enema, Bolls, Ulcers. Sores, Diseasesortbe Kidneys, .Bladder and ProstateOlaad, Rheumatism, Xerroua Troubles.HYDROCELE 32ffl5?fc HoAll cases guaranteed and accepted on the "DollePlan" of not one dollar t be paid unlesscared. Better come thousands oi miles to haTeDr. Dolle cure you than 6ubiect yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 pace Boole Free, which 1b worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent eealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me bo that I can write you juBtwhat is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested forj30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All syinpthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sld bv Vtrden & Son.Notice Posted." All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.29 Gt Hume and Bedford Pike.Jtnmt EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing' 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.4iugl6tf East Tenn. Pho e 669(NOTICE.All accounts due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 tf S.YE.lB K ENNSf.Couldn'tfnSPEGIALISJI -JjpjffiRi BBS jvv"I used to be troubled with a weakness peculiar towomen," writes Mrs. Anna Jones, of Kenny, 111. "Fornearly a year, I could not walk, without holding my sides.I tried several different doctors, but I grew worse. Finally,our druggist advised Cardui for my complaini I was sothin, my weight was 115. .Now, I weigh 163, and I amnever sick. I ride horseback as good as ever. I am infine health at 52 years."LARDU I WomSsTonicWe have thousands of such letters, and more arearriving daily. Such earnest testimony from .those whohave tried it, surely proves the great value of this vegetable, tonic medicine, for women.Cardui relieves women's sufferings, and builds weakwomen up to health and strength. If you are a woman,give it a trial. It should help you, for it has "helped a million others. It is made from pure, harmless, herb ingredients, which act promptly and surely on the womanly organs.It is a good tonic. Try itl Your druggist sells itWait to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooea. Tenn..for SwciaUnstmctioiti, and 64-pagc book.Educators to Meet in Carlisle.Preparations have begun for the bigeducational rally which will be held atCarlisle duringt he annual meeting cfthe Ninth Congressional District Edu-,cational Association, which will convene November 24 and 25. A meetingof the Executive Committee of the district, called by Mrs. Cora WilsonStewart, the president, has been heldin Lexington. Committees will beappointed at once by Miss Lyda Gardner, the county superintendent, andarrangements made to entertain theeducators of the district who will attend the big meeting here.A Queer Customer,i "Mandy," said the village tailor toJ his wife, "I'm going to give Sam Bilj lings a suit of clothes for a pig." "MyI goodness, papa!" exclaimed his littlej daughter, "what does a pig wantwith a suit of clothes?"Has Millions oi Friends.How vt ould you like to number yourfriends by the millions as Bucklin'sArnica Salve does? Its astoundingcures in the pat forty years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczema, burns,boils, scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyes,sprains, swellings, bruises, cold sores.Has no equal forpiles. 25c at Oberdorfer's. How's This.We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable inall business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constupation. Announcement.i T havp lnrflfprl in Paria -fnr fha niiT!- .. . W .V,W- ... U. ,.. VUW U1.pose ofconducting a generalj ContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handled yourbuildings, large or small. I will bejglad to furnish you estimates on short.notice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe'37, Easti Tenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERCITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity CollectorWalk!"Home Treatment for Women, " sent free. J 58Boy Confesses He Killed Stepfather. Harry Cunningham, who has beenhnld in Harrodsburg jail since June onthe charge of murder of his stepfath;er, William Noel, has confessed. He"admitted to Jailer J. M. Board thathe killed Noel, sayin g he went toNoel's house to talk over Noel's treatment of Cunningham's mother. Hetook with him gun and cartridges ashe was afraid of Noel.Cunningham says. he put the gundown and then he and his stepfatherquarreled. Both ran for the weaponbut Noel reached it first; then Cunningham says Noel fired twice at himand then he took the gun from Noelloaded it again and shot N02I. Hesays he ran away not knowing whether Noel was Killed or not.What He Might Expect."Trimmins has a first-rate voice,"said the critic at the concert; "but healways comes in behind time." "Yes,"replied the man who lends money. "1guess it's force of habit Trimmins'notes are always overdue." Stray Stories.Expensive Joy Ride.Miss Hallie Weatherby, a prettynineteen-year-old Kentucky schoolteacherk, is to receive $10,000 in cashfrom Thomas 2 O. West, a wealthyLouisville "joy rider" who shot her.On June 7 last, Miss Weatherby andher. escort were in a buggy on theirway to a party when they encounteredWest, who is a Louisville insuranceman, West was in his automobile. Hehad won $100 at Churchill Downs thatdfternooon and was celebrating hisluck. When he met the buggy he leaped from his machine, revolver in hand,rushed up to the buggy and shot MissWeatherby. He had never Been herbefore. Miss Weatherby was neardeath for several days. West was arrested and indicted. Now that she hasrecovered from her wound West, whoseems to be thoroughly remorseful,proposes that he pay her $10,000, allthe expenditures of her illness, pleadguilty of a misdemeanor and pay $500fine.Noiseless Furniture.Irritating noises can be avoided bytaking some eld felt hats, cutting outfrom these disks about the size of aquarter and securely fastening themto the bottoms of the legs of all chairs,tables and other movable articles notprovided with casters' This also prevents the scratching of polished floors.Kills a Murderer.A merciless murderer is Appendicitis with many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Pills kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constipation, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.Centennial Celebration.Owingsville and Bath county aremaking great preparations for theircentennial celebration which will beheld in Owingsville September 28, 29and 30.A Fierce Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of achildT suddenly attacked by croup.Often it aroused Lewis Chamblin, ofManchester, O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they would die, but since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for croup and forcousjhs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others.So" may you. Asthma, Hay Fevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly before it. 50c and $x.00Trial bottlefree. Sold bv Oberdorfer.Dissolving Alum.When alum is intended for externaluse, where it is purposely to callousthe flesh, as In the case of fever blisters and heated or even frost-bittenfeet, if it Is dissolved in alcohol it willbe twice as effective. The alcoholis quickly absorbed by the flesh, carries some of the dissolved alum withIt, and, therefore, less applicationswill be required to achieve the desired results.Must File Petition With CountyClerks.Attorney Genreal Breathitt has filedwith the secretary of State a writtenopinion to the effect that the' statutesdo not require that certificates andpetitions of nomination of candidatefor General Assembly be filed in thedepartment of State at Frankfort buttnat they should be lei with the County Clerk of the county or counties forwhich the candidates stand for election; A number of inquiries in thematter had been presented to Assistant Secretaryjof State.WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that' awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not 'bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Belief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring Instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a 'child.If you have not already tried it, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. We as--iureyou of instant relief.i ).S. Vard-nF&'Fon. " '"A DemonstrationBy DOROTHEA HALECopyright by American Press Association, 1911.Dick Ainsworth, a young Americanwith a rich and indulgent father, spentmuch of his time abroad, Paris beinghis favorite place of residence. Hewas a frequent visitor at the opera andthe theaters. Indeed, they were hisworld. One night on the stage of theOpera Comique he saw his fate. Oneof the singers, Mile. Clochette Verdier,was the impersonation of modesty, ofdecorum, of all that is gentle and feminine. Ainsworth requested a theatricalfriend to take him behind the scenesand introduce him to the lady. Thiswas duly granted, and Ainsworthfound Mile. Verdier the same shy,unassuming creature she was on thestage. . She was rather petite nuddressed off and usually ou the stagein very simple attire, her hair especially being plainly dune. When Ainsworth looked at her admiringly hereyes dropped to the floor and she stoodbefore him a living statue of innocence. At the end of a few months, during which Ainsworth gave Mile. Verdier all of his time that she wasable to spare of her own to be withhim, he found himself desperately inlove with her and made her a proposalof marriage. It was accepted, andAinsworth was inordinately happy. Hetold his fiancee that it would not benecessary for her to remain on thestage that his father was a very richman.Ainsworth senior was but twentytwo years older than Ainsworth junior,but he had always been very liberalwith his son and had told the boy thatwhen he wished to marry he wouldprovide for him. "I don't wish you tobe in a hurry to get me out of the way,Dick," the parent had said. "I'm goodfor twenty or thirty years yet, but Ishall not trouble you because Instilllive." When Clochette asked Dick ifhis father would object to his marrying one on the stage Dick told herthat his father had come very near doing the same thing himself before hemarried his mother.Dick wrote his father about his engagement, and his father replied sympathetically that if the description hehad received of the lady were correcthe would have no objection whateverto the match and would provide forthe couple liberally. The elder Ainsworth was a widower, with no otherchild except Dick, and he promised tosettle half of his estate on his boy onthe day of his marriage. "But," hesaid in closing his letter, "I must makethe acquaintance of your fiancee before giving my approval, and I amsorry to say I shall not be able tocross the ocean for several monthsyet."This last part of his father's letterwas the only part of it that Interferedwith Dick's comfort. Die was verymuch in love and desired to be madehappy at once. It troubled him thathis dear, modest little Clochette shouldcontinue to be the target for the eyesof the young bloods of Paris. Hewould gladly have had her leave it atonce, but she declined to do so untilthey were married.. So Dick wasforced to wait till his father couldcome over and all should be settled.At last he received the welcomenews that Mr. Ainsworth would sailon a certain date and go direct toParis on his arrival at Havre. Dickwaited for the day of arrival feverishly. He had no doubt of his father'sapproval of his ladylove. Such unaffected sweetness would charm anyman. Besides, Dick knew that his father had a keen insight into character,especially of women. He would atonce recognize Clochette's moral worthwould see how different she wasfrom many women on the stage.On the day of his father's expectedarrival Dick received a telegram fromhim inviting his son to sup wTith himat a cafe on the Champs Ely sees. Mr.Ainsworth would not arrive before 10p. m., and his son was to go to thecafe at 11. At the appointed hourDick went to the cafe and asked forhis father. The proprietor announcedthat M. Ainsworth had engaged a private room, but that he had evidentlybeen detained, since he had not yetarrived.Dick impatiently walked back andforth for an hour, when a waiter stepped up to him and bade him followhim. He led the young man to an upper story and, stopping at a certaindoor, threw it open.The sight young Ainsworth beheldstartled him. Around a table on whichwere the remains of a supper sat acompany of men and women all theworse for wine. But this was onlythe beginning of what Dick saw. Atone end sat his father, evidently thehost, while the crowning feature ofthe scene was a woman dancing aroundthe festive board.She was Mile. Clochette Verdier."Fattier: Clochette!" cried Dick,aghastThe dancer stopped, looked from herfiance to his father,- got down from thetable and walked angrily out of theroom. '"My son," said the elder Ainsworth,"demonstration is. better than persuasion. I have been a long while inParis incognito studying your fiancee."And that was the end of Dick Ainsworth's dream of love at least thatilream. ,He had another later, but this:ime his father a pprovedLof. his-choiceis soon as he saw her. " "' "" "Scott'sEmulsionkeeps childrenhealthful and happy.Give them a few drops ofthis strengthening foodmedicine every day and"watch them grow.IT PREVENTSCroupWhooping - CoughBronchitis1 ,Loss or rleshand many other troublesALL DRUGGISTS11-15Hunting Lions With Dogs.Hunting lions with dogs is beingtritd for the first time in Africa by ap&rty of American hunteis, one ofAhem is Dr. Mariua Johnton,a sonr-f Adjt. Gen. P. P. Johnston. Gen?J hnston received a letter from Dr.Johnston telling about the successfulhunt which is being had by the ptrty.Dr. Johnston is surgeon in charge ofthe, expedition which" Paul Raineyformed to hunt big game in Africa.Dr. Johnston said the dogs woikedsplendidly and that only two woundednona nave escaped, as the dogs trailthe animals and the hunters are ableto kill the game after a chase. Thedogs are useful, Dr. Johnston says, inpermitting the hunters to approach onfoot closer to the lions than has everbeen possible before,and that withoutdanger of a charge by the game. Thelions worried by the dogs and isafraid to charge the hunter on accountof the pack of dogs about him. Manyfine skins have been secured by theparty and shipped to the SmithsonianInstitute at Washington. Dr. Johnston says there is talk of the partygoing to India for a hunt for tigers,and later it may go to Japan.Her Position.-You know," said Mr. Meekton, riyou secure the franchise you'll haveto go to the polls and vote.""Humph!" replied the wife; "I'd liksto see anybody make me vote If I4on't feel like it."Yes, Indeed.When a married man takes a littlegift out to the wife in the countryevery time he goes out to spend theweek-end and tells her not to worryabout him because he is getting alongfine, then it is time for her to make ashort, unannounced visit in town."Central" Speaks.Call me not with scornful numbers,Like "two-seven-O-ring three!"Snapped out in disdainful accentsPrav. be courteous to me!Would you like to set here with a'Telephone strapped on your head,All day long to answer summons?woman t you wish, that you were dead.''When I say the line is busy,Honestly, sometimes it is.Why do you get so indignantWhen you hear the buzzer's whiz?And wrong numbers naturallySometimes I am at a loss;But in fact, I give them mostlyTo subscribers who are cross.Be polite. It will not hurt you,Even though I'm in a box,I am human although hiddenAnd am sensative to knocks.Be polite. Do unto othersAs j-ou'd have them do to you,It's a good rule to observe andYou'll get better service, too.i;!Ii:mumiCured by the MarveJ of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpureJBotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth andstrength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lastjng cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands oicures of rheumatism after all otheamedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per -large bottle, with directions for home cure.SimpxOs:nt free by writing Blood'..11 o . Atlanta, Ga. Describeyar trouble end free medical advicegi .-on. cl d by Varden & SonSTOCI, CE0P AND FARM NjOTJES-AJff-WHEAT. RYE. Choice Fultz saariwheat, also seed rye for sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.- F- Barbee, of Millersburr,sold last- week a promising young;mare to Ohio parties for $1,000.N. U. Rankin, of Carlisle, sold toHenry Cay wood, of North Middletown,this county, a handsome pafr of Shetland ponies for $300.Mr.U . G. Young sold his farm of9o acres in Clark county to Win. Slusher, of Leslie county, at a price a' fraction less than $100 per acre.The District Board of the BurleyTobacco Society met in the courthouse in Lexington Thursday with between thirty and forty counties of thedistrict represented and formally approved the 1911 ten-year contractwhich also included the incorporationof a big co-operative company and theestablishment of a mammoth tobaccofactory in Lexington for the manufacture of 4 Burley pooled tobacco, inwhich preposition Mr. James B. Haggin will be a stockholder.The proposed plan was read by Col.John R. Allen, attorney for the Society, who explained the several provisions, later which the Board enteredinto a discussion of the matter at theafternoon session of the Society, whichwas approved by the county representatives present.Perhaps the biggest engineeringproject ever undertaken in Kentuckyis now under way in Graves county.It is being put through by the farmersof the Obion creek bottom nearPryorsburg, westward for a distanceof about ten miles, and means thebuilding of a drainage canal twenty ormore feet wide and about ten mileslong. The cost of the job will be inthe neighborhood of $200,000, and 'it isto be met by the land owners throughwhose farms the ditch must pass. Thecanal will follow the general course ofObion creek and is to carry the waterthat this stream has failed to takecare of in the past. When completedit will be big enough to carry all thewater that has heretofore sought thecreek, and the old zig-zag channel will0be filled and converted into farmingland.Firmament's Luminant.Knowledge, with truth, is the greatcun in the firmament. Lifo and power are scattered Avith all its beams.Daniel Webster.Poisoned Corn Found in Field.Robert Shea, a prominent young"farmer of Nicholas county, who resides near Myers Station, took severalears of corn to Carlisle which he sayshe found in a large pasture on hisfarm. The ears of corn were in theshuck and almost covered inside theshuck with Paris green. Mr. Shea,says the ears covered with Paris greenwere found by him in a pasture wherehe had his horses and sheep and everyeffort will be made to find out how thepoisoned corn came in the field.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too.If yon are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smarti millinery.We have made extra efforts,this season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.firmluargoien s.The Best of-Home-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,- Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,LParis, Ky.JWMl4W JV",'l'lWy'tBl ' ' u1 'gw fr jHfljJMpjj'jy, i d ai n ijim 1H ilTTHjpijj ,A j n iuTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, .SEPT. 26, 1911.fmmmatmmHmammmmmmmammmmmmmmmmlmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmKmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmKmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmwmmmmmmmwmwamTHE BIGFire SalePositively EndsSaturday, Sept. 30.a5 Prices Lower ThanBefore.Don't Miss This Sale if YouiValue Money.B. WEISSBERGHome for Better ClothesAOCl Mom fvoofr Pavic C txrnrhrrS SCHOOL SHOESFit Your Girls and Boys with a Pair of Our Good96Wearing Up-to-Date School Shoes.1!EaiaEs sS5222SH-"-as&aaaiaEfEvery Shoe in this collection is made of good material that will standro ughwear. The styles are up-to-dateland insure the wearer a comfortable fitting Shoe.The prices are unusually low, quality considered, and could not beduplicated at any other store unless at much higher prices.We are now ready with many entirely new Fall styles for Men,Women and Children that are exclusively shown at our store.Specials For This WeekLadies' Gun Metal ButtonShoes, Latest Fall styles,hight toes and heals.Special.$1.99Ladies' Bench-made Shoesin Velvet, Tan and GunMetal.Special9Zi99Boys' Box CalfJSboes, OakSoles and Counters. Willisland rough wear.Special.$1.24Little Gents' Box CalfShoes.Special99cMen's latest style Tan, GunMetal and Patent Colt Button and Lace.Special$2.49Men's Gun Metal ButtonShoes, $2.50 value.Special.S1.99Come to Us for Your Footwear We Save You MoneyDAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.' Xl 1 IA SuddenTransformationBy R. W. KEENANCopyright by American Press Association. 1911.1 went from America to SouthAfrica, leaving my -wife and childrenat home. 1 was run down in health,discouraged and felt that the onlyway to pluck up courage and get onmy feet was to light out, leave allcares behind me and strike a newfield. My wife's father an excellentman, by the way agreed to take careof my family till 1 could send for themor return to them restored in healthand pluck.I left America sick and disheartened.A man sick is usually a man disheartened, and when he is obliged to goaway by himself to recover his healthhe feels a3 if the bottom has droppedout of his life. I never expected to seemy family xigain. However, the seavoyage helped me, and by the time Ireached Africa I felt able to do something for myself.I went to work in the Kimberley diamond mines, where I learned to tell adiamond when I saw it, no matter ifit was in the rough. One day in walking across a field I saw one and recognized it at once. It was as big as asmall English walnut and about thesame shape. I pounced upon it, looked it over and, sure I was right aboutit being a 'diamond, put it in mypocket. Even if of a poor grade itwould make me rich.I made up my mind to return toAmerica with my find. So. procuringa little chamois skin bag. I put thediamond in it, first marking my nameon the bag in ink. Then I took a traveling wagon for the coast.There were half a dozen of us traveling together, but only two of myfellow passengers attracted my attention. One was a big, rough lookingman, who sat beside me, noticeablefor his villainous appearance. Theother was a little man in the garb ofa curate of the English church. Hewas reading his prayer book most ofthe time, seeming to be only interestedin holy matters, a typical British parson of the inferior grade, one of thosemiserable creatures who for some dirtywork done a lord gets a living, thoughthis one, being in Africa, it appearedmore likely that he was a missionaryclergyman.I hadn't been sitting long by the big,rough man, whose accent marked himfor a Yorkshire man. when 1 thoughtof niy diamond, which was in one ofmy pockets next to him. I clapped myhand on the place where it should be,and, lo, it was gonelI knew 'it had passed into the possession of Jthe Yorkshircinan. Bnfwhat was I to do? T was unjirrnecl,and I could see the butt of his pistolextending from his hip pocket. I looked over the passengers to see if therewas one I could rely on to help me incase I should accuse the man andclaim my property. But two of themwere women, and the men in thecoach, except the two I have mentioned; were weakly chaps, who appeared to have very little stuff inthem. There seemed nothing for meto do but wait till we got to the endof the route, keep the man in sight atall hazards and take my chances foran opportunity to recover my diamond.This I decided on and did not show byword or act that I had been robbed.The opportunity came sooner than Ilooked for it. Suddenly the wagonwas stopped by a single man, who ordered us all out and to line up, asroad agents do in western America.Only the curate refused, and he appeared to do so from abject cowardice. Retreating to a far corner, hebegged the robber not to kill him.The robber threatened to do so if hedidn't get out at once, but the clergyman only whimpered and covered hisface with his hands. The robber,transferring his revolver to his lefthand, entered the wagon, seized thelittle man by the collar with his righthand and was pulling him out whena sharp crack rang out and the robberfell back out of the wagon dead.If there was any life left in him itwas knocked out by the curate, whojumped on him with both feet. Inever saw a small man grow big soquickly in my life. The next thing hedid was to plant his fist under thejaw of the Yorkshireman, who. recovering from the surprise of the episode, was putting his hand to his hipfor his revolver. The big man did nothave time to get up before the curatewas on him, hammering him in theface with a Derringer. Having stunnedhim, he took a pair of handcuffs outof his pocket and clapped them on hiswrists."What can I do for you?" I askedof the parson."Get things in order to go on. I'mJack Sharp of Scotland Yard. Thisman was the other's pard. I have beenfollowing him to take him to England.I saw him rob you, and I knew he washere to help the other."I did as he directed, got the driverinto place, and. finding some rope urnder a seat. Jack Sharp bound theprisoner firmly. Then we proceededon the journey. Sharp took my gemout of the man's pocket and handed itto me. I got safely home with it. hadit ground and turned into cash. Iwouldn't like to say how much moneyit brought me, but since I sold it I don'thave to work unless I wish to.Talk about transformations! Whenthe sniveling curate changed himselfinto the celebrated Jack Sharp of Scotland Yard I saw the quickest one onrecord. " -Hundreds Killed in Explosion.Death to more than half the crew of793 officers and men of the batleshipLiberte, counted one of the finest vessels in the French navy, followed afire and exploison whicn wrecked thegreat ship yesterday.xhe fire was discovered at 5 o clock.At first it did not appear to be serionsbut somehow or other it gained quickadvantage over the squad of sailorssent to extinguish it, and suddenlywithout warning it reached the magazines, which had not been Hooded onaccount of the apparently triflingnature of the blaze.The force of the explosions wasterrific. They shook the vessel foreand aft, each one seemingly strongerthan that preceding, opening up greatfissures in the armor and frameworkof the vessel."The vessel imediately became a massof fire and smoke and soon, almostdemolished by the terrific detonations,sank to the bottom of the Toulon harbor. it was all over in a comparativelyshort time.Go to Buck's.frVERIFY IT.The Proof is in. Paris Almost atYour Door.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,class barbers. 13 tf p!;Li- I "The public statement of a Paris citizen is in itself strong proof for Parispeople, but confirmation strengthensthe evidence.Here is a Paris citizen who testifiedyears ago that Doan's Kidney Pillsrelieved sick kidneys and now statesthe cure was permanent. Can anysufferer from kidney ills ask betterproof? You can investigate. Thecase is right at home.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Eleventh andMain streets, Paris, Ky., says: "Kidney trouble in my case was brought onby a fall I received two years ago.My back ached until I thought ifcwould break and sharp twinges oftenshot through my kidneys. I triedvarious remedies, but could not findrelief until I procared Doan's KidneyPills at Wilscn's drug store. Afterusing them one week I felt like adifferent woman and I was soon com-I gave a statement .forWanted. .Canvassing agents at once for thesale of "Compendium of EverydayWants, "the book of general necessity,price $1.50; also for "The Devil'sBride,'' a wonderful religous allegory,price $1.00. Either outfit sent postpaid for ten cents. Fifty per centcommission to agents. Big sellers.A. B. KUHLMAN, Publisher,octl 136 W. Lake St., Chicago, 111.Misuse of Via.A stroll through the shipping dlstrict gives many a wrench to the purIst's soul. "In front of all the commission houses," he said, "I see balesand barrels labeled 'via boat' or 'viatrain.' Why does not somebody tellthe shipping clerks that every timethey write that they are insulting theEnglish and every other language?'Via' can be applied properly only tothe place through widen a parcelpasses, not to the means of transportation,"l publication in lyua, telling oi my ex-penenceand at this time I am glad toconfirm all I then said in praise ofDoan's Kidney Pills. I think morehighly of them than ever."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Myth Concerning the Salamander.Newts and salamanders are prettymuch like frogs and toads, only theyhave a tall and look like a lizard, andthen in some breeds the pair of hindleg3 are small and in others lackingSalamanders often get into old rottenlogs and if put on the fire run outwithout being hurt In many cases, because they are more or less damp andmay not actually pass through muchfire. But folk think a salamander Isright at home in the fire.pre-1inandYouth's Commercial Instinct.A boy of nine, who had neverviously witnessed a collectionchurch, was deeply interested,when the bags were finally borne offby cTergy and choir in procession, proclaimed in a loud whisper of sympathetic excitement, "Now they're goingto share it out!"Homemade Perfume.Into a bottle holding two ouncesalcohol put one-half ounce orris root,broken into fine pieces. Add to thisa bunch of newly gathered rose petals.Cork the bottle tightly and shakewell. After it has stood ten days, afew drops on the handkerchief willgive the cent of fresh roses.. Lexington Track Makes Money.While the exact figures are not likely to be given to the public, it is apparent that the Kentucky Asseciationbooked a profit of approximately$2,000 on its fall meeting of nine daysthat ended Saturday. It was thatextra 1 per cent that comes from thabreaks in a paii-mutuel belting tnatsaved them from a lessThe total amount cf money handledthrought he machines during the ninedays was S270.020, which figuring thecommission at 5 per cent and thebreaks at 1 per cent though they wetepossibly more calculated at 6 percent, netted $16,200. The revenuefrom the gate and the privileges wasabout $9,300, making the total receipts$25, 500.Taking Depositions.Attorneys retained in the damagesuit nf Calvia Elam's ariministratotagainst the Bcurbcn Home TelephoneCompany ana the Paris Gas and Electric Co., were yesterday taking depositions in the case which will comeup for trial in the Bourbo CircuitCourt at the November term. Thesuit is against the corporations jointlyand the peHtion prayss for damages tothe extent of $30,000 for the death ofElam which is alleged to have beencaused by an electric light wire crossing a dead telephone wire of the HomeCompany. Elam coming in contactwith the dead wire is alleged to haveknocked him from a pole, while in thedischarge of his duties as lineman inthe employ of the telephone company,causing his death. The defendant isrepresented by Talbott & Whithy,while the plaintiff companies have fretained Judge Denis Ducdon and Hon.C. M. Thomas.Spoke From Experience."Say, pop, what Is meant by letting-well enough alone?" "A good exampleof it is when an unmarried man justcontinues to remain single." Philadelphia Bulletin.Aluminum In Place of Paper.Pressed sheets of aluminum areused for wall covering in place ofpaper.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker good asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.23 tf R. F. D. No. 3.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESWriEAT; RYE.-Choice Fultz seedwheat, also seed rye for sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Wm. Lillard, of Boyle county,purchased in Mercer county 100 fatcattle at from 4 to 5 cents per pound.Mr. J. W. Dean, of Clark county,sold last week to Will Crim, of Bourbon, twenty head of yearling cattlawhich averaged abcut 800 pounds tothehead at 4 1-2 cents.Lady Oxford Majesty.the six-yearold Jersey cow which has been a starwith the herd of James Middleton atShelbyville, and which has never beendefeated in a show ring, is to join thefine herd of Jersejs at Eleraendorf,the cow having been bought for Eleraendorf at the annual sale held by Mr.Middleton at Shelbyville Thursday.The price paid for the cow was $1,650.Lady Oxford Majesty recently tookthe first premium at the State Fairat Louisville. Mr. Middleton soldeighty head of Jerseys Thursday foran average price of $200 per head.I Our I inp nf Sterlinor fsiL 1ver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House o Quality" only carries the very best in Solid1 Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,inenouse or vuaiuy. aI Both Phones. v s M.iaHBMSMHiBMI"