THE BOURBON NEWS., .. - ".'T?-rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1911.NUMBER 17i 4aBmnmmmMmmmmmmr&TKwmmmmmMmMPmwmMmmmB3mmmi!B3mmmrrrriiuar&oiesiOc per PoundForThis Week Only.MarsolenLParis, Ky.mmJf.iarCashS: For every day in the veek.uW the best.Wh'j price mislead you to believe that the quality is not cgiStandard granulated sugar, 20 pounds 1.00Lenox Soap, 8 bars . 25Argo Starch, 3 packages .' 10Pure Hog Lard per pound 123-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Baby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25Matches, 3 boxes 10San tee Syrup, 1-2 gallon can 15San tee Syrup, 1 gallon can 30Queen Olives, quart jar 25Evaporated Peaches, fancy, per lb 10Prunes, per lb 10Ivory Soap, 6 bars 25Fels Naptha Soap, 6 bars 25Lump Starch per pound 03Cream Cheese, per pound 20Royal Baking Powder per lb 43Evaporated Apricots, fancy,, per lb 15Asparagus (Libby's) per can 25Asparagus Tips (Libby's) per can 252 boxes Rolled Oats . .15fft$ftftftftflyftft$ftftThe Flour of Quality.You have tried the rest; now try the best.Blue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb.Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.553 Tf-nk fftnrrA-ir Qfnrp rf Onmti'r ifJ T. C. LEINIHAN, Prop. Jtf? Both Phones 234 Stij-.r?.jT.r.......''','jr.J..jr.Jr..K.yjj.II CDD1MP.-5!.. !mlSWe have received all thelatest colors and shapes inthe celebratedHoward Hat,issm&If Best $3 HatCall and,sv,Price & Co.,Clothiers.USr rVf.'i,fmim;a-: ,- ir.ri K?mSpring Showing.See our spring showiDg of lateststyles of ladies' velvet ad suede twostrap pumps. They are beauties.GEO. McWILLIAMS.FREE, FREE.A full line of the followinggood things to eat Friday andSaturday, March 10andJ11:, Sealshipt Oysterswith Sniders's Oyster Cocktail,Snider's BakedBeans,Snider's Catsup,Snider's Chili Sauce.Don't forget the day or place.Logan Hi"V.H?1tm4fr&$mlWfmkmnzy aDon't let the lov $wasSack.65toUATQSt&--?T"IPIPin the U. S.see them.aSnS. .v3vk.i.?fP.. -.7TV t ' -'A&eiaSr?JTil'AZgSSiMarcn Court, ,4mJ mmmmmmmmJ , HmmmmWtmm) " WKWmJmWWm ' " MJgmmmmAmmmmMarch court was well attended, thecrowd beinc the largest in manymonths. Business in all branches wasrather slow, merchants reporting afalling off in the volume of businesstransacted as compared with lastcourt. In view of the rapidly approaching farming s.ason the stockmarket was flooded with mules andhoises, but the demand was very light.A number of good mules were offeredand a few sold at prices ranging from$150 to 52S0. The highest price for asingle muleduring the day was obtained by T. J. I-edmon when he sold toChas. Thomp-on, of Lexintan, a finehorse mule for $280. Plug horses soldat from SHo to $10o.Clark & McClintock report the following mule sales : To Arthur Hancock, 4 head for $940 ; Mr. Dawson, ofHarrison county, 2 6-year-old maremules for S3S0; Joe Bodkin, 2 mulesfor $423: Cay wood & Thomas.n, 1 for$220; George W. Murphy, of Scottcounty, two he8d$445; E. J. Welshone for $225; D. F. Wagoner, onemule, $225. Peed & McClintock, ofMillersburg, sold to Chas. Thomason,of Lexington, five mules for $205each.At the stockp ens of M. J. Murphy& Cu., about sixty head of yearlingcattle were offered. The trading wasslow but the entire lot was disposed ofat an average of $37.50 per head.Cows sold at trom $50 to $.5 perhead, but there were only a fewoller-ed.Hudnut's Toilet Articles.We have just rf-ceied a new line oflludnul's toilet waters, perfumes, etc.VARDEN & SON.DEATHS.Mr. Russell McCarthy, aged 30 years,died at the home of his brother, Clarence McCarthy, on South Main streetSunday night after a protracted 5111ness of pulmonary tuberculosis. Thefuneral will take place from the residence of his brother this morning at10:30 o'clock services conducted byElder Carey E. Morgan. Burial inParis cemetery. The pall-bearers willbe: K. L. Wlialey, S. T. Chipley, Wilson Ingles, W. C. Dod?cn, JohnM astir., and Walter Clark.Spring Carpets and Rugs.Our spring line of carpets and rugsis exquisite. Call in and have a lookat them. Let us figure with you before you purchase and we will not onlysave yGU money but will gauranteewhat we sell you.J. T. II1NTON.Standard Novels at Cost.One complete set of Dicken's andcomplete sat of Scott's works, -.harKsomely Abound. This week at theureatly reduced price of $12 50 and510.50 respectively.PARIS BOOK CO.Bourbon May Not Have no Court.It is more than likely there will beno term 3f the Bourbon Circuit Court,which is scheduled to convene in Miiscity on Monday, March 13, due to thefact that there will be no Judge to sitduring the term.This fact came to notice Saturdaywhen a iocal attorney received frcmJudge Robert L. Stout, who is inClearwater, Fla., for the benefit of hishealth and recuperating frcm a attackot typhoid fever contracted here lastNovember, a letter stating he wouldnot be able to preside during the termand that his health had improved verylittle during his stay in Florida.At the time the Bourbon CircuitCourt should covene, there will befour vacancies on the judicial benchesin the state with only two availableJudges to fill them, which means thattwo counties whose Circuit Courtterms begins about the middle of themonth cannot be supplied with Judges.Since the above wa3 written CircuitCloik Webb has been in communicationwith Governer Wilson and was assureda judge to preside at the March term.Feed For Incubator Chickens.We have Purine Chicken Feed forIjittle chickens. Nothing better.C. P. COOK & CO.EttRTHSBorn, on March 1, to the wife ofBruce Collins, fa daughter third born.Born, Sunday to the wife ofHomer Horine, on Scott avenue, a son.jBorn, Sunday, to the wife of JohnReffetc, nee Munson, who resides onthe Clay & Kiser pike, a son.Born, Thursday, at the GoodSamaritan Hospital in Lexington, tothe wife of Mr. W. B. Ardery. ofparis, a son, William Spencer. Mrs.Ardery is a daughter of Rev. I. J.Spencer, of Lexington.Hudnut's Toilet Articles." We have just received a new line ofHudnut's toilet waters, perfumes etc.2t VARDEN & SON.CongressEnds; ExtraCalled.SessionThe Sixty-first Congress ended Friday by constitutional limitation. Despite the peril that threatened some ofthe big appropriation bills almost tothe last moments.they all finally dropped through and received the signatureof the President.The last bill signed by the Speakerof the House was the Postoffice Appropriation act. President Taft definitely announced that he would certainlycall an extra session for April 4. The 'close of the session was exciting inboth houses. A filibuster in the Housekilled the tariff board bill, and thsCanadian reciprocity died in the San-MlTCilftawMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Oufittcrs-to-Mcn."WE KiNOW HOW."-mEiH"i""i"niHwni"uiiu!!!imiiiiiiiinm!iiiiiiiiiimnm.v2S7vSSs'g.mCome in and!!:n b .I1 1mmI l-KAINK & CO. fSiinnmmiimnrimutHiniiimiimiiiiimimm Crk-KEMORLjHAT TALK.Our line of the Dunlap and Stetsonand Guyer Hats, both in stiff and soft is now complete, and for the man who cares for his personalappearance and wants to wear a becoming hat,this is the store -to purchase from. The DunlapStiff Hat is acknowledged by the trade to be theleoding hat sold for So, and Stetson Soft Hats arekings of them all in colors, styles and quality. Wehave all the new shades in gray mixtures, tans,Belgins and pearls.In our Hat Department this season we show alarger line to select from than other stores.Dunlap Hats $5.00Stetson Hats $4.00 and $5.00The Guyer $3.00FRANK & CO:The Store Where Reliabiliy Reigns.NEW ARRIVALSRegulation Dresses. INSerges & Wash MaterialsSerges in BlackNavy and White-Different Color Emb.Wash Goods in Cadet and WhiteSuits and DressesrIn All the Newesst Styles and Fabrics Made ofBest of Materials and by New York's Most famous Makers of Ready-to-Wear Ladies'garmentsWash Goods .GinghamsTissuesVoillestake a look.FoulardsSuitingsPercalesOur stock is theour prices the lowest of any house inYOUR TRADE SOLICITED. .aiisa!sjijift:i$3ivlargest and"Paris."Ml mtI;3vviija te.- .PT77 wir-r-V ITUCKY71 " ' ' 'THE BOURBON NEWS1BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN 8TKI5JST.rV fI;mRHave Stood The Testfettieion Spring StylesFor .thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at tlie Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.g Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationGeo. IVi cWiIlams9XThe Shoe Man. MryzmFmnwjm&K!msm&Display advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issuereading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks'Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,?.00 j SIX MONTHS, Payable in Advance$1.00Electric Lighted Pianos.In the canal zone it is the customto keep electric lights burning insidepianos to prevent the wires rusting. ; ingFactory for Dolls Clothes.London has a large factory devottxlexclusively to making dolls' cloth-A Treat For AlLClasses WhcSmoke.An Idol Cigar in his "mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis pjTc3t for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Itesorr, therefore, all 'e whoare fond of a goodj'smoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisThe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.V 'It' if'' V,TT5w- IfThe Idea!"Don't you know your hushand isan awful flirt?" "Plow could I? Youdon't suppose he flirts wiih me, doyou?The Small Package.What Ails YoaDo you feel weak, tired, despondent, have frequent headaches, coated tongue, bitter or bad taste in morning,"heart-burn," belching of gas, acid risings in throat aftereating, stomach gnaw or burn, foul breath, dizzy spells,poor or variable appetite, nausea at times and kindredsymptoms ?If you heve any considerable number of theabove symptoms you arc suffering from biliousness, torpid liver with, indigestion, or dyspepsia.Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is madeup of the most valuable medicinal principlesImown to medical science for the permanentcure of such abnormal conditions. It is a mostefficient liver invigorctor, stomach tonic, bovclregulator and nerve strcngtfaencr.The "Golden Medical Discovery" is not a patent medicine or secret nostrum,a full list of its ingredients being printed on its bottle-wrapper and attestedunder oath. A glance at these will show that it contains no alcohol, or harmful habit-forming drugs. It is a fluid extract made with pure, triple-refinedlfiycerinc, of proper strength, from the roots of native American medical,forest plants. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Props., Buffalo, N. YWe ed to say, "Good things come iin smir.i packages;" nowadays everything does.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEfi.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 131; KIGHT 299.Life of a Metal Pole.If a metal pole is unprotected whenplaced in the ground it will rust seriously in about ten years.In a Minute."Is my hair coming down?" calledthe mail on. "It will he in a minute,"answered the maid. "I'm going upstairs for it now'Crowded Cities.Fourteen per cent, of the area ofLondon is free from buildings, whileBerlin has ten per cent, free spaceand Paris 1 per cent.A WhifF of Our Coffeewill tell you it is certainly ofline aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will piove thai ittastes even better than it smcl's.Uich, golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coffee fit foria king. Be good to yourself!and try a pound.BALDWIN BROS.Two BigSto er, Corner Seventh and Main and South Mainfc i i . i - i . ,.,.,.., . I--... , , -Working in the GardenlST!?v. . . i.5Sr v3&j..--S r-'V'VAwvTT WurflVT. ' -mmm w-x v"0!S.LJ(!:. . .i."LaVVis a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an 'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWRY & TALBOTTFeiris, K9ntiiokvBourbon Laundry $. ...& &totottototototo'totomtototoD WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.A Story of Mathcvs.Charles Mathews one day picrionsto the period of his publicly proclaimeddire bankruptcy invited a friend todine with him. The walnuts werewashed down by some rare sherry."That's a delicious wine," his friendexclaimed. "It must have cost you alot of money.""It didn't cost me nnylhiuKerosene for Br.-'-.Ui asses should be ruhbc'. th kerosene before they are nolis ' " Thenuse oxalic acid or common i c ir andsalt to remove the stains and dullness.c2S)C&c3Sb2X2assS)'4S2DDoes It PayThe Unktndcst Cut.Father (to his son, a doctor) Ifthis isn't the limit! I nay all thatmoney for you to study medicine, andthe first thinj? you do is to cut me offmy drinks.Seme Climb.The Transandcan railway connecting Valparaiso and Hurnos Ayres as-tliat I i ccncls tllc mountains T.GJ o feet in for-kuow of," the flighty comedian answered, with a shrug."You had it given to you, then?" thefriend suggested."Ob, no," answered .Mathews; "Ibought it from Ellis, in Bond street.""But he will charge you somethingfor it?" the friend exclaimed in astonishment. "I believe he does write somethingdown in a book." Chailos retortedgravely. "Let's have another glass,my bo3'."ly-six mnes, anfeet to the mile.average of about 1GCCanary Island Soil.On the Canary Islands the soil isfo rich that it is deorrl almost exclusively to the rulthation of the vineand fruits and most of the food consumed has to be imported.To Buy "Bad Coal?" No doubt you have tried the"Bad." Now trySLffvxStim? iWhen Tea Was Dear.Those who grumble at the price oftea should turn for consolation to therecoids of its price in early times. Atits first introduction into England,about the middle of the sccntcenthcentury, tea fetched anything betweenG and 10 a pound, and though a fallin price quickly took place the EastIndia company still had to pay over1 for the two pounds of tea which itpresented the king. However, eventhus it is doubtful if the tea merchantsgot very fat. seeing that the importa- Ition of .some 4,000 pounds in KiTS wasenough to glut the market for someyears. London Chionicle.Poultry at the Mines.Owing to the difficulty of securingfresh egsjs, most of ih mining companies in Mexico have their own poultry raids.Best the earttfproduces andTevery lump guaranteed.Dodson & OenlonPARIS, KY.(5fe22Q2SxC&c2:)&&Foretells Dry Weather.A red sunset foretells dry weather,because it indicates that the air toward the wpst, from which rains maygenerally be expected, contains Httlemoisture.Use Rays of Sun.Curved mirrois, concentrating thesun's rays upon a point beneath them,constitute a machine being tried outin South Africa to smelt metals directly from the ores.English Injustice.An Australian tourist traveling inthe west of Ireland asked an old woman how far it was to the nearesttownsighed and said"It was five nice miles two rears'An Obedient Son.The prodigal son entered the oldhomestead hrouirh the lritHion win.She sadly looked at him, then , dtnv "Father can't sav that I dis-I obeyed him," ho soliloquised; "hewnrnpil nin nnvnr jifnin in ilnrlron h?cnrrn. Imi- o-.tw. TC.w.1 t.l. 1 -. .. t .v, .wJ4,, ""- "" b" uimu cuiuf um:i (loor aud rm hco(ling his g00(I ;iavice."itu v.iiuiii5 uiu hkiuc" ic seven, aimour hearts are broke walking it eversince. Bad luck to them!"And she disappeared into the house,leaving him "theie. Illustrated Bits.Cramp In the Leg.To those who suffer from cramp inthe leg at night the following hintmay be useful: When the crampcomes on take a good strong stringa long garter will do wind it roundthe leg over the place that is affectedand take an end in each hand andgive it a sharp pull, one that will hurta little. Instantly the cramp will depart, and the sufferer can return tobed assured it will not come on againthat night.TilMM mmmittoA Mean Question."Yes. it was George's idea io giveme a silver spoon for every birthday.""now man j has he given you?""Why. twenty-two.""Why did lie stop?" Cleveland PlainDealer.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Cautious."I have a remarkable history" bc-jj 1 Jan the lady who looked like a possi-"To tell or sell?" inquired the lawyer cautiously. Washington Herald.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.tiwwwA Dubious Saying.He They say that the face is anindex of the mind. She I don't know.It doesn't follow because a woman'sface is made up that her mind is. Boston Transcript. ,It Takes Time."Has little Mrs. R. consoled herselfover her husband's death yet?""Oh, no; no yet! You know whata long time these insurance companiestake to pay!"We must not sit down and look foroiiracles. Eliot.Free Remedy ForWeak BowelsThere are two forms of bodilycleanliness, the external and the internal. The one is for your pride inyourself; the other for your life andhealth. Both are important, but ofvastly more importance in the longrrun is the internal cleanliness.This is one point that all should watchabout their body the cleanliness of thebowels. Keep them clean and free fromobstructions. To do this you must haveone or two movements of the bowelseach twenty-four hours. If your systemdoes not do Uiis naturally, in the processof eating and drinking, then you mustobtain aid of some kind. After findingout that cathartics, salts and such things.relieve you for a day, but bind you upworse than ever the next day, then try asimpler and more natural remedy likoDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin.For the skeptical the best wav to beKln Is to send your name and address toDr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle.Use It as directed and If it convincesyou that a brief continuance of its usowill relieve you permanently that it willtrain the stomach and bowel muscles -toaain work naturally at certain hoursthen buy it of your druggist at fiftycents and one dollar a bottle, just a3 somany others are doing. They began witha sample bottle, then bought a fifty centbottle, and now, fully convinced of itsmerits, they buy the one dollar familysize. All the members of the family canuse it down to the very youngest.A brief use of this grand laxative tonicwill cure constipation in Its worst form,indigestion, liver trouble, sick headache,sour stomach and such ailments and keepyou in continuous good health at a verysmall cost. Such Is the experience ofmany families like that of Mrs. OscarFleener. Unionville. Ind.. J. F. Daniel.Saron. Tex., and hundreds of others thatcould be named.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give you any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case In aletter and lie will reply to you in detail.For the free sample simplv send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.500 Caldwell building, Monuceiio, ill.Chas, S. Brent & BroClover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed. fSeed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.PARIS, - KENTUCKY.Both 'Phones 14....DID YOU KNOW...That I Build All Kids ofFEATHERS?1 DO. I also buy and pay more money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for all kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and furs.BEEF HIDES. Until f urthernotice" I will pay you from7 1-2 cents to 8 cents per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St., Phone 374Paris, Ky.TmJLOOANDA 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:00;. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcvoue, sire of McKinnev2:11 ki- He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3-loK; yas thechampion racing stallion of 190M905; three-year-old record 2:161; four-year-oldrecord 2:14); fiye year-old record 2:07 rf; six-vear-old record 2:0-'i !4 ;seven-year-old record 2:03:v, eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 EOR A, LIVING FOALNORAB 36915, Trial 2.16, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09 by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst FarmJParis, Kentucky?&& S4f 4'--V' ' v&iv".3ff.-' y ' - y- '- vi,1UV"V r-t-.' r'A V..- ' . t ,,s . ' s : ' .' ;. . iS'l. THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 7, 1911.rtrvjj -vat''Tfti(ml mlA A-AB forThis shows the lidinjj Cordriwkhidi inaltcsShirlti Pre i-dent Suspenders the most comfortable and durable.SHIRLEYPRESIDENT SUSPENDERSare necessary to your comfort for dress wear, business or hard work. After a few days' wear youwill wonder why you ever wore the ordinaryfcind.Made in three weights to suit all occupation!and in extra lengths for tall men.bold by your dealers or from factory at 50c.Signed Guarantee on every pairTHE C. A. EDGARTON MFG. CO.333 MAIN STREET, SHIRLEY, iTASS.wmmmmmaBEaEumammmmmammmmTOWER HILLmBK3KlHbAtpfaUMMATJW?k7ivW&BLzjszLyL& 1jk rwiAKyivJtfiys fivlimtmstacssKnarwiMi.a.ii.nM:m.'m aJOMnWf.rto&GO.rf . Discovered..O'w.svilu:, ky. Wvc? C oolc cracks our china, chips outoh'-ilrr.i'V'tpricepa'd jJJ '!,ljZtJ' iSL ' dinie that she is the nersennge who '': FURS iMPtt3&V ma,le ,h0 v'rld-fnmoutj -xlckWOOLK IP 'I jf- IA Noted London Spot, the Scsns ofj Many Famous Occurrences.' Tower Ilill is perhaps both the mostImportant eminence ami the most notable spot in all London. Few of usthink what great persons have quietlylived there and what others, equallygroat, have wept and died upon it' To it, or rather to Great Towerstreet, came Rochester to pursue histrade as an. Italian fortune teller,while the bedizened Buckingham often walked thither to consult a conjurer, a shrewd, farseeing rogue, who.t when Felton bought at the cutler'sshop on the summit of the hill for a( shilling the knife with which he killedthe duke's father, may have knownfor what purpose it was required.j William Penn was born on this hillin a house close to London wall. Forty-fouryears later that is in A. D.1CS3 a poet lay dead, choked by acrust which starvation had urged himto devour too greedily, in an upperroom of the Bull tavern. This was theill fated Otway. At the time whenthe son of the muses lay dead Bettertun, the celebrated founder of thet stage af te.r the restoration, waswringing tears from the eyes of thei public, not for the famished dead, but( at his own fictitious sorrows in "Venice Preserved."1- -,..,. ;., p.; rr. ...,,. t.i.r, 7 ,, 1 ,, ;. a through the smoke, resf-uod thet ""W1 '"- l "-" l" i'" " baby and carried it to the ton of thetower.HONORED THE MONKEY.Origin of the Coat of Arms of the Earl, of Leinster.Most of the wild animals have a 'place in heraldry, aud many strangeand impossible creatures, such as grif- jfins, dragons and unicorns, have been iinvented as emblems of daring andvalor. But the donkey and the monkey have not been so used, except Inone instance, where the monkey hasbeen admitted to the ranks of titled .nobility. The story of this adoption jis told by Mr. Curtis in his book, '"One Irish Summer."On the Leinster coat of arms are jthree monkeys standing with plain jcollar and chained; motto, "Crom-a-boo,""To Victory." This is the onlycoat of arms, 1 am told, that has everborne a monkey in the design. It was( adopted by John Fitzthomas Fitzger-i aid in 1 310 for romantic reasons,j "While this Earl of Leinster was an! infant he was in the castle of WoodI stock, which is now owned by the! Duke of Marlborough. The castlecaught fire. In the confusion the childwas forgotten, and when the familyand servants remembered him andstarted a search they found the nursery in ruins. But on one of the towers was a gigantic ape, a pet of theI family, carefully holding the youngj earl in his arms. The animal, withextraordinary intelligence, had crawl-o ings drinking hot pepper and brandywith his boon companion. Lord Carmarthen. London Standard.Value of Graphite.nl..r f.. .1... l.Ji !.. 1-r . g -v "; ii nun. giiiijniLu is nearly pureOtirtlS OC UVCrDy , i carbon- relatively inert chemicallyj and volatizes only at high tempera-ATHLETIC DEVOTIONS.BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawlorcltures, makes it of exceptional value in jj the manufacture of crucibles for thesteel, brass and bronze industries,etc.3 Olaalr s 3 1Ail White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.NVsW5jS&-Wj.L-,rcHosy9E6iSJr vfiMjyCharles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Offers his services to the people of'oneSOcBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealShtate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.Gymnastic Exercises That Impressedthe Kurdish Villagers.Everything is liable to be misunderstood, even gymnastic exercises. Thistruth was brought home to George H.Ilepworlh, and he tells his experienceIn "Through Armenia on Horseback."The author was stopping in a Kurdishvillage, and the inn possessed but onegeneral living room.Iu the morning I began my regulargymnastics, stooping until my fingerstouched the lhor, throwing my armsabout like the spokes of a wheel, striking out from the shoulder and goingthrough all the exercises, none of whichDon't 'et this most ' r cvt'1' omitted. 1 would gladly havedestructive of all ' ,:,ken u M'se bath, but it would havei '. ,. i been impossible to get enough water,infectious dieases .... , . ... ,,, ,,, . ,, -V pint is enough to suthee a Turk.i:et a grip on , Wef Qt umlel. WJiy wUh my QKCVyour flock. eises when T saw that my audienceA few chops, of I was excited; conversation dropped into'a whimper, then ceased; word passedRflllPSn PHSn TRY PilRF f,'OMl ono t0 s,ll0t"f :U1(1 o"c by oneD U U 11 D U sfi lUULini U U n L . u10 occupants of the room quietly left.in the drinking water cures and prevents - I feared that they were olfended andCholera, Llmberncck, Roup and other ( wanted to -all them back and apolo-exiMing forms of poultry diseases, arid puts , iyMm jst til0n 'lliy 4ir:ijjonum entered,fowls in prime condition for tjig-Iaying. , !.jn"hiirr.bcttlc m-kci. 12 .jHoc:s of medicine, i vimt lias hannened?" I asked.Every pouh'v rai"-r jsiouid keep a bottle II( laughed the harder as he replied:jf thii medicine w:i hand. , The Kurds think you are practicingWhen the earl had grown to manhood he discarded the family coat ofarms and adopted the monkeys forhis crest, and they have been retainedto this day. "Wherever you find thetomb of a Fitzgerald yon wjll see themonkeys at the feet of the effigy orunder the inscription.SPENDTHRIFT ISABELLA.XkA Sight That Checked Her Royal Ex- 'trnvagance For Awhile.We are accustomed to think that theday is long past when a sovereigncould oppress and offend a whole king- 'dom by personal oxtravagauc But Ithe late Isabella of Spain belonged in 'spirit to the sixteenth century. An in- Icident of her reckless career whichended in the loss of the throne is not- jed in Munsey's Magazine. 'She spent money, pouring it out likewater, at a time when the treasury iwas nearly bankrupt and when the ,proverb "Poor as a Spaniard" was ifar too true. All her best advisersurged her to practice economy. Veiy ,few of them succeeded, and these onlyfor a short time.A certain chamberlain of hers once jhit upon a plan to make her realizehow enormous were the sums that shewas spending. Pacing through thehall of the palace, she was surprised 'to see a vast heap of silver pieces, re- !sou.bli.jg the contenls of a great bin ,of wheat, but piled up in the middlesummoned her 'Fnv Solo hv W T ttrnnl-.; S ' ,1,,V,"oujU "So" esorelses, and they ()f lh !lom, The eI1 01 aie Uy . 1 . 11 OOks. ( retired under the impression that you cij:imimriaiu.oef.aug i wouut regard their presence as an m-I trillion."-w. -'I - k i?ZSfifc:!- - HOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.Fine Upholstering,Cabinet Repair Work,Mirrors Re-Silvered,Antique Furniture a SpecialtyC. G. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, Opp. Windsor HotelHome 'Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.Hot and ColdBATHS'Invisible IndiansAll Indians seem to have learned a !wonderful way of walking unseen.making themselves invisible like cer-tain spiders, which, iu cae of alarm,I , .1 f, !.. I.I...-I ..It. .1.4viuisi-ii, jul uAiiuipiv:, ii. a iiiiu. imputing on the bush their webs are spread j f.i0M1L,c.uion, lLumeuiaieiy ijounce uieinseivcs"What is the meaning of all thismoney V she demanded of him."Oh," ho replied, with a low bow,"this is merely the amount which Ij have brought out to pay the bill ofi your majesty's glovemaker."j The queen colored and then laughed.A moderately priced one, tooIt von a:e looking for 'The5Hat you'll find it in our presn handsome display of smartiillincry.We have made extra effortsMs season to reach the idea ofvery woman and feel confidentf your securing a satisfactoryPurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.: and for several months she was lessi extravagant in her expenditures forup and down on their elastic threadsso rapidly that only a blur is visible.The wild Indian power of escapiugobservation, even where there is littleor no cover to hide in, was probablyslowly acquired in hard hunting andlighting lessons while trying to approach game, take enemies by surprise iE Pluribus Unum.The country is Indebted to Jahn Ad- .ams for its national motto, with an 'Englishman of note sharing In thehonor. It seems that while Adamswas minister to England Sir JohnPrestwick. an eminent English anti-or get sTifelv' away when compelled to I (Uin f I? him a good mottoretreat. And this experience transmit- i to represent the union of the American ;perted through many generations seems.it length to have become what isvaguely called instinct. John .Muir iuAtlantic.Hot and cold bathsj J Everything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.. ISpecial WinterTourist TicketsVIAiffiijDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T 13K..rt,f.e Phoiieb-ideneeHome 136.E. T. :4.Home 3:.On Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida. Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Kico, Tennciseo andTexas.LoneLimited and LiberalStop-Overs.DR. A. U RELLEi:,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5 ElkJs Bld'gfrarie, ... - KentuckyT J. WIXiliTAMS,' . ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.-worn 1 Elkg Boildin.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest ; al.o to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, ifcc., callon writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. 3. JORDAN. T. A,An Elusive Water Lily.The water lily of the Amazon hasvery elusive habits. The buds opentwice, the first time jut a chink ati colonics. Adams at once was takenj with the idea, which he transmitted to! Charles Thompson, the secretary of' congress, who on June 4J0, 17S2, report- (; ed to that body his design for a gov-1 eminent seal. In this the Latin legend t"E Pluribus Unum" was to be borneon a ribbon held in the beak of aneagle..lust where Sir John got the idea isthe lip in the earlv MinrHe Hours, a ,"5'- " '" -"c -" .ort of nremonitorv svuinlom. On the "Ot certain, but it is a fact that thepals with such "alacrity that you can j Gentleman's Magazine, first publish-e them move, lint the big white bud , ed in 1730, and it may have struck hisfollowing evening it spreads its foursoscamong them remains unchanged untilt o'clock In the morning, when it hurriedly spreads its blossom wide open,remaining in this condition only halfan hour. "Within the hour it has near-,ly closed, and by another hour and ahalf the entire ilower has been drawnunder water by the coiling of the .stalk.motto was in use on the cover of thefancy bv its applicability to the situj ation then obtaining in America.Diamonds.Diamonds were first brought to Eu-New Zealand's Glaciers.,1 The great size of the glaciers aroundj Mount Cook, in New Zealand, hasj been often remarked. The Tasinan isj eighteen miles long, the Murchison, ten miles, the Godley eight miles, the! Mueller eight miles and the Hookerseven miles. Most of these glaciersmwmwmiJob PrinMncjWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!rope from the east, where the mine have moraines of exceeding rough-of Sumbulpoor was the first known, i ness, but the approaches to them areGolconda, now hi ruins, was once a not steep, as is usually the case withcelebrated diamond mart. The mines European glaciers. The southernof Brazil were discovered in 172S and Alpine snow line is only a little overfor a long time furnished most of the 7,000 feet. Glacially polished rocks, are rare, and m many ways tlie moun-(tains are singularly different fromdiamonds of commerce. In 1SG7 diamonds were discovered in Cape Colony, and in 1S70 the wonderful finds inthe Transvaal were made which resulted In the immense fortunes of thelate Cecil Rhodes and others. Mostof the diamonds of the world are nowfurnished by the South African fields.New York American.those of central Europe.A Crusher."Yes, sir," said the trust magnateproudly, "I nm the architect of myown fortune.""Well," rejoined the friendly critic,"all I've got to say is that It's a luckything for you there were no buildinginspectors around when you was constructing it." Chicago News.The Honeymoon."Maniinn., is a honeymoon a vacation?" "It may be, my dear, and it may bethe beginning of long period ofi-HTltude." Youngstown Telegram.A Fish Story."There arc as good fish in the sea, aswere ever taken out of It," remarkedSmall tto Young, who had been refusedKy Moneybag's daughter."Yes, I know. But they are notjoldfish."Circumstances are the rulers of the-Mtk. They are but the instrumentsi hT the wise. Samuel Lover. .me job Reofl&s ofTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork. xur type is new and modernfaces.A Natural Mistake."I was just telling our friend here. .Molly, that itwas storming on the iday of our marriage.""Surely not. Hiram! The weatherwas perfectly lovely!""Well, well! I don't know how Igot so mixed up about it: probablybecause it's been storming ever since!"Atlanta Constitution.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcWlUWUiWiWift-vmfmmmfmfmmmmmmmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 7, 1911k.ijH41HJI iCHSPECIAL RUG SALE!J Our offerings for March I include our entire stock at low pricesfor the purpose of advertising our Spring Stock.THEATRICAL.AiFIRST CASE OF STAGE FRIGHT.Master's SaleWinchester, Too?w rrrw w&wn www . gsvi p -Th fl 5? w ?iV j B7 stvjs r r . i aamsr rvnss?w M" -rss.Bxa fc kj iw r,' i-s y' ijj v, . w . k esmitw .23Htrc' m.x tmmr mfM:ih- Tsn,' :PP -V w .-iCx. ICjiL--!5-' W" . UVll' V L- . 1 I. fc ' -m. T r ... .. ""i .- - ii-Tim.- - '..! T"- i .' .v m - J " .. " " i - rx V5iv:. ' r:) r&; v.- ;vr frT: r: ' fc-v.-.' C4. -,..v itir s- ' sr 5 sii 5aas,: ,f r, .'WI"My first expedience of sta?efright." said Florence Webber, thecharming Adelina in "The Climax,""occurred when the company played,Lexington, Ky. Previous to going ontour the company rehearsed at Weber's JTheatre, New York, and several timesduring that period the subject ofnormls lnsinc their vnip.pt; vjhctt t.hpv IJ least expected it was the topic of con-A. i versation among the company, as our iOF-Valuable Farm.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.play dealt with this subject. SeveralUnion Trust & Savings Company, PlaintifTs, vs.rg. Nannie T. Morns and John C. Morris,The stockholders of the Clark: County Equity Warehouse metjn Winchest' er and have decided to build a largeloose leaf tobacco warehouse, and thei work will begin at once. The buildi ing will be 300 by 123 feet, and will beI one of the largest of its'kind in Cen; tral Kentucky.Free Shoes.Jno. Duncan holds the number.-llol,.that get3 the free shoes this week. jGEO. McWILLIAM.Want to Move Fitch Body.01 tnem nau amusing incidents to rebate jn wiis cunnecuun, ana 1 ooasieu' -f , ,r ' , Ti. n r;. The hnriv nf .Inhn Fitah. nnp nf fho-thatj had never blundered in this re--e Defendants. ' first exponents of fataam navigation,spect. ... will be moved froki its resting place'On our opening night at the Lex- Bv virtue of a 3adgment and order of at tiardstown, Ky. for burial at Hartmgton lneatre, I was in a state of sale"rnade and entered in the above ford. Conn., where he was born, and anervousness such as I had never be- st Ied action at tho November Term monument will be erected to his honortore experienced. When it came tirnei 10K, of lhe Bourbon Circuit Court, the if a resolution providing for such actor my entrance in the first act, 1 ' undereigned Master Commissioner of ' tion, now under consideration, isadoptnerved myself to the ordeal, walked on i th Eourbon circuit Court will on ed by the Legislature,the stage, and with great difficultymanaged to speak my lines. I was on , ifrt,j,r unpL 1c Iftf!a terrible tension and could not getj MOIlQaYj MaiCD ZlSt, lil, ;the words of the stage manager out of (my mind. Then came the moment , at the Court House door in the city of jwhen I was to sing. Mr. Barnet sat Pari, Kentucky, at about the hour ofdown to the piano and began to play, n o'clock a. in , on a credit of six,but for the life of me I could not utter twelve and eighteen months, for equala sound, lie had played througn tneI entire first verse but try as I would nosound emanated from my throat. Allthe while the stag manager, who wasstanding in the wings, kept calling tome, so loud that I am sure the audience must have hnard him say, 'SinMoore'sbators.Oil for Incubators.high grade oil for incuSAUER'S GROCERY.;ior neaven s saKe, sing!' out i was sofrightened by this time that singingwas out of the question. My under-jstuoy, anss swain, with great presence of mind, happend to be on thepidm; uu ma Lime umi jjeeiuji my iira-uicament, waiuea around back ot theqppni'? Until hf wnc dnni icto tha..ww.w ...-.. ....w ...... "ft" "if-- H"Wpiano and as soon as Mr. Barnettsrartjl ed to play the second time, she pickedpartof the purchase money, sell at pub I r. J Ql-hortialie aution to the highest and best bid II XU1L dilUL JllaUCTreesStrawberry Plants,j der, the land described in said judgment' and order of sale, or so much thereof aswill be necessary to pay plaintiffs debtl and interest and costs, and tho debt, interest and costs of the defendant, W. IL' .McMillan, and the costs of sale, to-wit.The following described land situated1 in Bourbon county, Kentucky:, FIRST TRACT.:Ingrain Art Rugs, 0x12 feet, $'5.00 .Brussels Rugs 9x12 feet. $15.00 value,onlyVelvet "Rugs, 9x12 feet, $22 00 value,only ....Brussel'ls Rugs, 9x12 feel, $-20.00 value, atonlyatat$4.00$12.0013.501500Velvet Rugs. 9x12 feet, $18.00 value atonly . $1-4-00Axminster Rugs, 9x12 feet, $21.00 value atonly 19. SOBodv Brussels. 9x12 feet, $27.00 value atonly . . . IS.75Wilton Rnjrs, 9x12 feet, .-J3S.00 value, atonly . ... 28-75Beginning at a stone in the center ofI the land at Bpn Batterton'rf corner:' thenco N 4 I, E 117 72 poles to a stone inthe land, corner to Ossian E 'wards;. up the cue and sang the song. Al- ihence N -11, W 1 U 04 poles to a fctone' though she was behind the scenes corner to Milton Rowotirrup. corner to, where tlie audience cculd not see her, Ben Battertoa: thence S 437 E H7 ft(JAsparagus, Blackberries, Raspberries, Roses, Rhubarb, Etc.Write for Free Catalogue.Have no Agents.Weher singing gave the effect of comingi from ny vocal chords.j I realized that she had come to myrescue. After I made my exit, I rushed up to Miss Swain and such huggingann Kissing i nave never inuuigeu inLINOLEUImported LinoleumCork LinoleumImported InlaidS AND MATTINGS.55c j Chinese Matting, per yard75c$1.50 I Japanese Mattingbefore or since. I,to her."i The "Climax" comesi Grand tomorrow night.was truly gratefulto the Paris15c22ciTHE NEW BETTER-VALUE STORE,E. M. WHEELER, Proprietor,, Four Killed in Explosion.1 Three children and a man were killed and six others probably fatally injured when a boiler at the BlackburnGimbill distillery, on Howard's creek,in Breathitt county, exploded early, Saturday.IWall Paper Season.noles to the beginning, containing 10S a re3, 2 roods and 2!l pole3, andsame is the tract of land conveyed toWin. (Jr. Morris by Richard Kirby'theirs by deed dated January 19th, ISoG.and lecorded in Deed Book 49, page l4oBourbon County Court Clerk's office.SECOND TRACT.H. f . HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.PUBLIC SALEOFVALUABLECITY PROPERTY.llaving changed myROBNEEL BUILDING,EBGHTH AND MAIN STREETSBeginning at a stone in the middle ofthe pike and running S IS W 4U.10 polesto a corner in the middle of the old road;thence S 42 W HI poles to a corner in themiddle of the said road; thence b -si ' owing to business interestsw 9.44 poles to the middle oL said road:then S iV-X E 1.72 poles to the middle of:iid Dike: thence with the middle ofj auid pike X 124 K 07.44 poles to the beginning, containing 1 acie and 14 poles,unil the same conveyed to Wm. C Mor-' rlu l,i Tlmmi H Wilson find wifp. hvNow is the time to 'have your wall ,i,i At,.A OntntiPr icit.li 1H."i) in Deedlocation, amirefcenhert, 1onwill sell my home in Parij, KvTHURSDAY, MARCH I6TH, I9II,paper put on the walls. Our dceora-tors are ready to wait on you. Ourstock is prettier, larger and the mestcomplete in Kentucky.J. T. HINTON.rJui.miiiLtj'.iiiiM.niiiurwwwmoRook .11, pageClerk's office.lo'.J, Bourbon CountySPRING TIME IS HERE,at 2 p. in., slurp, to the highest bidder.It is one of the best located and betventilated boarding houses or privateresidences in the city, and is describedas follows: Located on High street,fronting on Broadway and High streetG6 2-:J feet, and containing about threacres of land. House has 1G bed rooma,B-Kinning at a stone in the Cross - "L1 -J " tearoo1?-Roads corner to Morris. Keller and Cur-1 S'S Jn"hg' Tm'rent: then with the middle of the Silas "aJ:p frifj Sm"1 yar(I- waterLftl,A'iii.iW RQ5.U. nnlP X 47 i,. and electric Iiglu. Fruit trees ana "rapetUrVor. iM tnn Bua. tlo w,fi, the rDor in yard, a good cow barn with. IandX 391-2 E 09 3-1 poles to a stone;then X LI K Yoo S-10 noles to a stone inTHIRD TRACT.! Kirov'i gram urn ana nay mow.room tor severalcows, good chicken range, etc.heated with a Hiliarrtl, and coVner ,o Edwards;, Mi" 'ZTl'L "SSthen S 15 : IE 1 .0 -1U poles to a stoue . car3 c " 7,,- ,;.""" ""Ji ill Hie lOau; tuen wiin mu luau liic iiiiuAND THE A. P. WHEELER STORE WILL HAVE FOR THREE WEEKSA MONEY-SAVING SALE IFOR SPRING BUYERSdie thereof S IT W ."30 poles S 110 1-2 W11 2-10 noles m21 1-1 W 30 poles S :Jll-l W 7U poles to tho beginning, containing 11)3 3-1 acres, and conveyed to( aleb Morris by Joseph Tucker anduifby leed dated November 11), 1S45recordtd in Deed Book 41. page 317.Buiirbon County Clerk's office, and inherited by said" YV in. G. Morris, onlychild and heir-at-law of Caleb Morris:and this tiact of land, together with theabove, is the same conveyed to NannieT. Morris by II II. Peck and wife andEtta Ford and husband and others bydeed: duly lecorded" in Bourbon CountyClerk's ofiice, and there is in all herebyj convened 3()3 ajres, 2 roods and 3 poles1 of land.l The Diirchasor or purchasers will bej required to execute bonds with approv-1I ed surity, bearing interest at the rate of jpass every thirty minutes.I have also :.Jjoining thin property, one large barn fionting on Fourth -tfWtwith room for 11 stalk, one corn bin, 2! large hay mows, buggy room.Iare hallway, and cistern at door Thi- w wellI located for a warehouse or cigar fac'ocyor any othei enterprise.1 The income from this property willequal the income from a 100 a,cre fawnin the country, with one-half the labor.i Tins will make a desirable and convenient home or good investment. It willi be sold without reserve to the hig?ecI bidder. Uon't forget the date.j Tekms: One-thiul cr.tdi, balance inone and two years.For further information call on or ad-j dress, Mrs. RcheiBahi.owRichmond, Kv..OrCHIFFO-ROBEJUST LIKE CUT$18.TS.MffHr illEA Beatifui Line ofCHINA CLOSETSCHILD'S CRIB BEDIs what you need for the baby.S5t75.8T--v' MRemL ci M&tSBT' JJ!-'w rsW hML Si ' 'J 7mm 'DAVEKPORTJust Like Cut, in theChase leather,$19.73.Ceo. D. Speakcs, Auct'r.bzsIrr. ....... , o... . ....- -r.i -i-. r- - .j r . i ii.ii.iti3 i. ot-r.xKt.N itf:ii r.raT;six per cent per onmim iromuay oi suie i r. , t.- v '.,..,! nnwl i-vKIt tr flit uniloruiimorl I lcui L.liia, tk. .Master Commissioner. JThis sale will be made to satisfy plain- jtills debt and interest, amounting on the iclay of sale to the sum of 2 G, .15 7.0!), amii the debt and interest of the defendant,V 11. McMillan, amounting on the day' of sale to the sum of -"iCO.GO, and the' cost of this action, including cost ofi&ale. amounting to S315 !)2. amountingI in theNrJ&HL w.; y "-Mif.rH!i &m&8f&17- ii. -"ZZTFEST1A '' ?J41UX'2ti, i I J. h C '' I iiCJ?3t-.r r-1 v-.:ii. U Nyaggregate to the sum of S27.401 21.RCSSELL 31 NN,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Yhitley, Attornej's.M. F. Kenncy, Auctioneer.Yahe every morning.Paris Grand.R. S. PORTER, .Manager.Wed. March 8.JoseOwnM. Weber'sCompanyA Bad Back is Always Worse inFROM-.wn8jjS$...aGet Our Prices on' iiwm&""A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.r.HA; r,RFFN rvir;R. opp. court Houst.- - - - - -- - -p-Mattings and LinolumsDuring Our March Sale.A BeautifuS Line otiron and Brass Mmat prices that will suit you$1.75 up to $32.00.WI713T7DC TUCATDr XT Vthe Morning. Paris People x x ijv i ivil, i. i.Are Finding Relief ' IN TIIE'The Lasting Modern ComedyIT n"1 V -.. "i'mmTHIRD STS.COR. MAIN &IA back that aches all day and causes ,discomfort at night is usually worse inthe morning, Makes you feel as iffyou hadn't slept at all.Can't cure a bad back until you curethe kidneys. Doan's Kidney Pills acton sick kidneys make you feel het'.errest better and sleep better.Permanent cure in Paris prove the ,merit of Doan's.Mrs. Luira Law, 1114 Pleasant istreet, Paris, Ky., says: "Doan'sI Kidney Pills were of greater benefit ,to me than any other kidney medicineI ever took and I consider them 'worthy of the highest endorsement. It believe that kioney trouble was in- J', herited in my case. My back was Jpainful, especially when I stooped or!! lifted and- when I got up in the morn-I inir I felt verv lame. 1 was lanmiid iand nervous and was subject to severe iheadaches and dizzy spells. Whenever1 1 caught cold it settled in my kidneys'and made my condition worse. Doan'sKidney Pills helped me in a short timeI and the contents of one box effected a"complete cure."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.With MusicTHECLIMAXBY EDWARD LOCKEWITHMISS FLORENCE WEBERAnd the Original CompanyComplete production as presentedover 500 times in New York.The Purest Play of the Day.For Mother, Father, Wife andDaughter.Prices: Dress Circle, $1.50; Parquette, $1; Balcony. 50c, 75c.Seats on Sale at MitchellBlakemore's Monday.&i-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 7, 1911.HE BOURBON NEWS. I- ---'FIRST. LAST, AND ALL THE TIMEBuilding Lot Sold.Heal Estate Agent 13. F. Adcockt'cid Saturday for Mr. R. R. Harris to.Mrs. Anderson, a lot on High andBosae streets for $4F0.Spring Shoes for Men.Full line of Nettleton and Hananpatent, tan and gun metal shoes andoifords for dressy men.GEO. MeWILLIAMS.Carpenter Falls from Scaffold.J. H. Richardson, a carpenter, fellfom a scaffold while engaged at workon the residence of Mr. T. C. Livingston, on Fifteenth street, and sustaineda tprainen ankle.Refrigerators..The sprint showing of refrigeratorsdaring our March Sale will be one oftae feature and the reduced prices wiilDrake them more attractive.3 sf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Called Conclave.Tkere will be a called conclaveofOtpir de Lion Cotnmandery No. 2(1, K.T. n March G, 1911, at 7 p. in. forwrk in Red Cross and Temple, Bringuniform.UptoBate Shop.Ros Corbin's barber shop is the mustup-to-date. The Plot Towel Sterilizeris tne oniy one in the city, Give him 1i i . . . . .' "4 jSale Today.Attend the Moreland sale today at 2o'clock. A good proposition for invtsiars, or a good city home. Terms1 bernl. A modern home and a large 'i.tLeg Broken.An eleven-year-old son of .JellYar-nel), who resides on the Peacock fpike,nar Paris, had his left leg brokenSaturday when he was caught in aIwggy wheel. Drs. Kenney and Dudley attended his injuries..Sale Today.Attend the Moreland sale. today at2 o'clock. A good proposition for investors, or a good city home. Termsliberal. A modern home and a largelot.Bourbon Company Assessed.The State Board of Valuation andAssessment Thursday placed the assessment of the Bourbon Home Telephone Company, of this city, for franchise tax purposes, at 35,000.Brussells Rugs.During A. P. Wheeler's March Sale8&tilf Brussells Rutrs will be offered forIH.7S. 3 tfTobacco Cotton.JBest grades of tchacco cotton atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.House and Lot Sold.Harris & Speakes.real estate agents jMid to N. H. Bishop, of Shelbyville. a 'iifluse and lot in Henry Addition belonging to Thomas Taylor, for $9U0.Harold Comes Up With Contract.Pitcher Harold, who waslast"'yeartold by the Shelbyville Club to Paris,has signed his contract with the Bourbonites for the season of 11)11, and,was forwarded the contract, which Iwas received by President Bacon.Rugs at Reduced Prices.Large Axminster rugs, floor size,for $ld.75 during A. F. Wheeler's-Ihree weeks' March Sale. :j tfSeed Potatoes.Sded potatoes, all kinds of gardenseed in package or bulk and white oatneed just received. Both phones,tf LINKS' GROCERY.Lineman injured.Thomas Moore, a lineman in the employ of the East Tennessee TelephoneCo.. while enagged in repaiiing a,cnble on High street came in contactwith an elcetric wire and was burnedabout the hands and arms. He was 'rendered unconscious and fell from ascaffolding suspended from the cableto tne wires below. Moore was notenously injured.Clip Your Own Horses.Buy a Stewart Horse ClippingMachine and clip your own horses andsave money, we have them. We alsodharpen the knives used in the maehirie. 3 4t LAVIN & CONN ELL.Moving Pictures for ColoredPeople.The colored population of Parishave a moving picture show.Stamps Moore has leased theChristian church nroperty whichwillMr.oldwilllie opened Jhursday tor that purpose.Lenihan's Lenten Menu.All kinds of fresh fish daily :Shredded cod f sh ;All kinds of fresh cheese;Sardines;Fresh g:reen vegetables ;J?resheountry eggs at all times.T. LENIIUN.3 2tRonneel Grocery.Police Court.In Police Court yestejday GeorgeDavis and Alfred Bacon, both coloredwere each assessed a fine of ?12.00 forbreach of tno peace,came involved in aTha nooi'noe Ii-L. & N. depot Saturday night, andwere arrested by Patrolnsan , Bishop.A warrant against Alice Howard,chsnfed will) breacnf the peace wasdienussed.Three Injured in Runaway Acci-den(.' Mrs. Frank Fithi2n and Miss FannieJohnson together With the coloredj driver, Jame Letton, had a narrcwescape from death Saturday when the1 horse with which the ladies were being, dr.vnto the interurban station rsnaway and in its mad fright dashedover the Second street bridge to thecreek below. jThe accident occurred about aneo'clock. Mrs. Fithian and ?Jiss John-!son were enroute to Lexington to attend the matinee.The horse took fright when in some, manner the driver crossed the linesand in an effort to get them straightLetton leaned over the dashboard.The supposition is he touched the fractious horse with the whip, when it began to rear andplunge.The animal dashed down the driveway leading from the Fithian home onHous-tcn avnnua to the street and seeing the perilous position In which theoccupants of the buggy were placet),Letton drew the horse into a telpphor.post to check his speed and allow thewomen to gel out. By the force ofthe impact Mrs. Fithian and "MissJohnson were thrown to the ground, gThe ngro boy retained his seat, butwas unable tj stop the maddenpd am' mal. At the intersection of Houstoni avenue and Second street he attempt-ed to turn cut Second whenjthe linesoroke and seeing the Imminent aangtr,jumped to save bib life. The horse,unable to stop, dahed against the ironrailing of the bridge b'-ea! ing out asection and plunged with me buggy' to the creek below, a distance of aboutfnvlV-.fi vo foof kiliintr ir ip.w'f.mlltiI Letton was thrown against the iron j tne b,mon ueP;irimt;nL LULl(.railing and was picked up in an uncon- j Miss Julia Howard has returned toscious condition and removed to his her home in Washington City after ai home where he was attended by Dr. visit of several weeks to her father,Win. Dudley. No bones were broken Mr. William Howard in this city.i .w. .j ...w aww.( ikltilM 1W ItlHbUUkl.nut ne sustained several severe bruises.m,. zmu: ...., :i....,i -.imVii "i" ":u I .u'JU?lu: .a "L - u' t, k.,4. " ' ...i.. .. '; ilmiiiiunr uv MiiHiiiu Liit rui iimvr urinotseriously hurt while Miss Johnsoncaped with a few bnjiess.Ps-Ladies, Read.J have just added a new and complete line of beautiful ginghams andwash goods to my stcck. You willmiss it if you fail to se these goodsbefore you buy. They are somethingnew and are exclusive patterns inra-is.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Paris Defeats Nicholasville.Before a crowd that taxed the CitySchool gymnasium to its utmost theParis High School Girls defeated thefive from Nicholasville Friday night, by a score of 21 to 15. The Nicholas-ville team came over on a special car, accopmanied by about one hundredloyal rooters. The Paris girls playedwith their old-time vim and dash fromthe beginning and despite the superiot! height of the visitors the game wasI never in doubt.St. Patrick Cards andLetters.See our beautiful line of St.Patrickpost cards and letters.7 2t PARIS BOOKCO.In Squire rretwell's Court.In Sou ire L. J. Fretwell'scourt Iyesterday James Paton, colored, ;vas ifined $5 and costs for a breach of the ;peace.Land Rented. IAt the court house dooi yesterday Ithe farm of Mr. Bruce Miller of 104 iacres on the Georgetown pike, wasrented publicly to Mr. Jesse Eads, ofBourbon, for,$7.ti2 per acre.Candy Pulling.There will be a candy pulling at'Mrs. Mary Anderson's on High streeton Thursday night for the benefit ofthe Methodist church. Admission tencents. Everybody invited.Elks to Elect Tonight.i There will ho an elcetion of ollicersi at the Elks Lodge this evening and afull attendance of the members is de' sired. The installation of the ollicersj will take place on the evening of thej first Tuesday in April.I' Sale Today.Attend the Moreland sale today at 2, o'clock. A good proposition for investors, or a good city home. Terms1 liberal. A modern home and a largelot.The Whaiey Sale.The undersigned desire to announce)that if not rented on or before the day jof sale we will rent 255 acres of land,about two hundred and twenty acres!to be put in corn, the remainder of1the farm being in gras. There are (two houses and a large tobacco barnon the premises. This land will no1rented with the privilege of division. 1Negotiable note with security requir-ed. See ad in another column. For 1further information apply to jHARRIS &. SPEAKS,Real Estate Dealers. 1Paris, Ky.A Popular Railroader.Mr.I). S. Jordan has withdrawn his Iroki.mntinn ns ticket aeent for the L. '& N at Paris and will continue his1 duties at the Paris depot. Mr. Jordanis one of the most popular and eliicientL. k N. employees in Paris and is themost polite and courteous ticket seller'we have ever had the pleasure of doI ing business with. The traveling pub1 lie are all pleased that the company1 has "satisfied "Dan and thereby im-.' proved his health enough to allow him! to still be able to wait on the L. & N.i patrons at this point. !State-College Will Play Here.1 presidenfBacon. of the Paris Basepn r 11 1 has received a contract,vr ;t.o University. Lexington, lor; a game with the Paris Club on April j' 29. Another of other college teams 1I are maKing eiioris to k U1U" ""' Paris SmOnC mem UtilHii ucuificvuirii,Kfn,.ifv af fhoirnllpcra. University of Tennesseee,Knxvilla and the liaroouravuieCollege. Several Cincinnati teamswill'be here four exhibiton games andPresident Bacon is making an effort toj ceure the .Reds for a game.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Samuel is critically ill atherhome on Main street.Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Parrish returned Sunday from Florida.Mr. A. S. Thompson has returnedfrom French Lick Springs.Mrs. D. B. Anderson has as herguest her niece. Miss Mamie Williams,uf Abingdon, Va.r ,.. ,, u i, unonr Miss Grace Parsons, who hasthe guest of Mrs. Reynolds Letton hasreturned to her home at Russelville.Col. and Mrs. E. F. Clay, MissMary Lockhart and Miss Sallie Lockhart, have returned from Eustis, Fla.Mrs. James Thompson, of Covington, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. P. A.Thompson, on Stoner avenue.Mr. A. P. Adair and daughter havereturned from New Orleans wherethey attended the Mardi Gras.Hon. Abram Renick, cf Winchester, was a visitor in the city yesteiday.Mr. James Grinnan and familyleave today for Seattle, Wash., wherethey will make their future home.Z Mr. James M. O'Brien will leavetoday for New bmyrna, Fla., for astay of several weeks.Mr. Ed. Rash and family will movethis week to the farm in Fayettecounty ..recently purchased by Mr.Rash.Miss Cora Thompson arrived yesterday from the East and has takenchprge of the millinery department of.t r. 1-v l l.l.AUA., ,. . , ,.fflil-r. Withers Davs and little,1 ,,,rhi,r are rvisitine the former's-- .-w- .nawmts Mr. ami Mrs. E. S. Jouett, inWinchester.Mr. Thos. Pritchard, who is attending Central University at Danville, was the guest of his mother,Mrs. Ane Pritchard, a few days lastweek, returning Sunday.Mr. W II. H. Johnson, who is atKnight's Key, Fla., for the benefit ofhis health, writes that he is feelingline and his health is much better.Mr. .Johnson is with his daughter,Mrs. U. V. Chandler.The Woodford Sun says: "Mr.William E. Simms, who was takenill and threatened with appendicitis,soon after he reached New York, tendays ago, is greatly improved and expects to return home this week. Mr.-.Simms, who was summoned to his bedside, has beer, with hirn for the lastweek"151ue Grass Pitcher Looks Good.Fred Toney, for two seasons thewonder of the Blue Grass League,pitching for the Winchester club, anawho was drafted by the Chicago Clublast season, showed himself with theCuos in a contest with the NewOrleans Club Sunday, at which placethe Chance men are doing their earlytraining. The Cubs were defeated bya score of 5 to 2. and several pitcherswere tried out. Toney pitched three iinnings leisurely, but showing a ,wonderful amount ol pseed, and endnot allow a single hit.Burned by Gasoline Explosion.As the result of an explosion of agasoline stove Fiiday shortly afternoon at her residence on Winchesterstreet, Mrs. Noah Clarke sustained ,severe burns about the hands and!ams. The lire department was calledout hut its services were not needed as1the lire was extinguished before theyarrived. ,Pire and Tornado Insurance.tf Thomas & Woodford.iMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroidervMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.FOR SALE.Good Everette Upright Piano. Goodas new Cost $550. Will sell cheap oneasy payments Apply toMRS. GERTRUDE HORWElL,or Dan Early wine,7 ;;t Paris, Ky..WANTED,Fiftybarrels of merchantable corn.PARIS ICE M'F'G. CO.FOR SALE.Locust posts.- All sizes.GEO. RASSENFOSS.MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling and jMoving of Ail Kinds.We Make a SpecialtyHauling Tobacco.ofUp-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.Insure with W. O, Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfi oiuinraI WrajedCakesThey Sweeten the Disposition of the Whole Family.A Scientific Combination ofAll That's Good.Wrapped in Wax PaperPackages.So to eliminate ail that'sbad.FFF?GNew Records... March ...ForBothVictor and EdisonSale February 28.onJUST A FEW OF THEM:Put Your Arm Around Mo, HoneFrom Mad. Sherrv."That Girl" Quartet,Loving From N. Y. HippodromeProduction Lyric Quartet.j Eli Yale llayden Quartet" Men of Yale March. . .Piyor's BandOh, That. Wo Two Were Maying.The Story of the Rose.Think It Over. Mary.Norine Maureen.s Minstrels Xo. IS.Down On The Mississippi.For You Alone CarusoGood-Bye (losti) CarusoThe World's greatest Tenors' HistSongs in English. Come in and lookover our hundreds of other line selections. Dauqhtrty BrosParis, Kentucky.-JI-VM.-I MX M-jT-TTTT-f .III I 111 i mynw.TT.n g " nM iSkTl"!! "II f 9 1AD1 fWWh Ci I 'TO ft':1 kpxi-ilS JLFOM.fi; JUL AM ICarpets,Lace Curtains,Linoleums, Mattings,Wall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent Price inCentral Kentucky.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.' TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 30. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56: J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.J.TINEVERHave we had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautiful inPoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized Poulards,Madras, Lawns,White Goods,Embroideries,Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.aW. Ed.IFEESFlourDown goes the price fortln week. Fairy BrandPatent Flour24 lb. Sack 65cLardAbsolutely Pure Lard, Government Inspected. The bestthat money can buy Forthis week per lb.PotatoesJET1 JOj JCLj hI IA Specially Good HandVacuumTo introduce thisCcIeaner Iwill make a special price ofS7.50For Ten DaysHINTON.I:ITucker.1Cut RateCash Specials2.60JIIper bushelncrRugs, in.I,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 7, 1911x.r. -Stf!wIf-ifICarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lesslhan others sold at the same price.Jt is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trait Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.IIIDIATISlCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Achingbones, swollen joint? permanently cured through the blood withpureBotonical Ingredients To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If jTou have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching hack or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingsround so you have to ute crutches;blood thin or skin pale.; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, becau?e B. B. U,Fends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints giving-warmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.1 B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctors ' -thave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bot- 'lr TTTifh fit f nnt innc frtv limrf flirf iS to s nc free by writing Blood deposed to dispute with the young-i. n D Atlanta, Ga. Describe I 1Jngs for possession of the udder heY r trcito c nd free medical advice , could prevail and rob the sucklingsMore Important.Fair Gil My father made his fortune when he was a young man.Would you like to know how he didIt?Gallant Youth Xct particular!;but I would like to know if he stillhas it."Thirty Years Together.BURNING OF WIDOWS.TheThirty years of association Thinkof it. How the merit of a good thingstands out in that time or the worthlessness of a bad thing. So there isno guesswork in this evidence of ThosAriss, of Concord, Mich., who write-:"I have used Dr. King's Few Discovery for thirty years, and it is the bestcough and cold cure I ever used.Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It is the most in- i theHorribles Rito India MaintainedFor Over Twenty Centuries.The abolition of the horrid rite ofwidow burning in India was decreedby the British authorities in 1S20.The dreadful practice was foundthere by the Macedonians under Alexander the Great oOO years beforeChrist, and for more than twenty-onelong, weary centuries did it repeat itsalmost inconceivable torture and agony upon the women of India. Thesacrifice, while not actually forced onthe wife, was so strongly insisted onby public opinion that it amounted toa law, and its victims were legion.Scores of widows wore often burnedupon the funeral pile of a single rajah. In Bengal, the head center ofmonstrosity, thousands were sae-taihble throat ana lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hayfever, croup, quinsy or sorelungs. Price ."0 cents and $l.uoTrial bottle free. Guaranteed byOberdorfer.allPatient Bravery. -Theheroism of the man or womanwho patiently endures pain which,while not severe, continues for ,eeks&L'd months is as much to be commended, perhaps, as the courage ofthe moment in tue case of a bad accident or a severe operation. Everycity has its scores of these cases, l'very hospital interne could relate stories of patient bravery that are notnoticed simply because they are socommon.ri tired annually, and the figure forIndia was appalling.Tiie millions of widowed womenwere completely at the mercy of theremorseless superstition of the times.The ministers of Brahmanism told ii the widow that her sacrifice was necessary as a means of her own happiness and that of her husband in thefuture state, and of toner than otherwise she consented to be burned alongwith the dead body of her husband.Unless she did this she was coveredwith the maledictions and curses or jthe people, was virtually outlawed jand unceremoniously cast outside thepale of human sympathy and consid- joration and had to spend the rest ofher days in degradation and wretch- 'edness. It was death on the funeral ipile of her husband or a living deathof contumely and shame, of lonelinessand misery.Tn fighting to keep the blood pure -c women oi mma can never ens- ,the white cortscles attack like timers charge their debt of gratitude to lurg-disease germs. Buii often germs inul-l land fur the abolition of the suttee.tilv so fast the little fighters are over-j Xcw York American.come. Then see pimples, boils, eczema, salt rheum and sores multiply andstrength and appetite fail. This condition demands Electric Bitters toI In disorders and dis- BI eases of children drugs SI seldom do good and1 often do harm.H Careful feeding and Bi bathing are the babies' Kjfl is the f cod-medicine thati not only nourishes themI most, but also regulatestheir digestion. lb is aJoe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 3 Cos Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Jtnnie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 2 5 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfaction;uaranteed.Varden&SonLet us fill your,Prescriptions.pure drugs andprompt service.iDruvgisrtrHardenSonwonderful tonic for children of all ages. Theyrapidly gain weight andhealth on small doses.POR SAI.F. BY AIJ, DIU'CGISTSI j-ii ij auglGtf East Tenn. Phone G69IirlAttack Like Tigers.ON THE TRAILregulate stomach, liver and kidneys! But He Didn't Know tho Kind of GameSend 10c., name of paper am! this cil. forour htMUUtul Savings lL.nk am! Child'sSketch-Hook. Kach bank contains aGood I,uck Penny.SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl St., N. Y.Public Sale- OF-CITY U8IMHZDon't Forget Great ClearanceSale Few Days Longer.Greatest Bargains you ever heard of in Hamburgs, Whitegoods, Laces, Percales, 'DressgoodsSilks, Cottons and Calicos.Special BuSSetin 500 pairs Ladies'white foot hose 8 1-3c pair.Big bargains in Ladies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts, Coats, Shoes and Millinery.and to expel poisons from the blood."They are the best blood purifier.-''writes C. T. Bndahn. ofTracy, Calif., ji nave ever lounu." rney matterich, red blood, btrong nerves andbuild up your health. Try Them.oO centsat Oberdorfer's.He Was i racking.old days a man knownt ...:n ii .,"..i:i.. u - : !In the old davs a man known as' A," , , mem-MSbJudge Douglass lived in Helena, Mont. . Wo clock P - onThe judge had met -v-.il h an accidout in inr t - --. n tAiihis youth and had lost both of his i Wednesday March o, 1911,It-ad ilULMU LIIl" Ulll'l?. llii I1J Ul HUUIUexeent in rare instances. Manyhorses refuse it. In the -vild. if thegrown lion or elephant or fox wereJget artificial legs, but had some bigThe Milk Tyranny. 1 leather pads made to fit on the ends of:As an article of diet milk is over- i the stumps and walked on them.estimated. .Man is the only animal ' Locomotion was slow for the judge,who when grown to he adult drinks j b"t he managed to cover a good dealmilk. The cow herself will not drink of ground and was very fond of walking out on the edge of the town, wherehe could lake his exercise without being the subject of remark from strangers in the city.One day an Englishman came to Helena to hunt. lie had some letters andput up at the Helena club. He stayedaround for several days. Finally, after a light fall -of snow, he decided toArriiQP nf fpji1in so out into the mountains and get ai : - t. ., - .1 .. 11.!....Our idea oi "false" modesty is for a E- K Chamberlain, of Clinton, Me., ( Uc left e.uy JM the lllorntlls whenwoman to hate to he caught with her boldly accuses Bueklen's Arnica Salve j jt cauie night he had not returned.hair on the dresser. oi stealing cue sung: uum ijiij.ii& u HIs hosts arouml the chlb waited untilS o'clock and then deckled to go outrt1 lsS1 ! 4 11 ttllft tn liv i!1iA1AA r Oinn T4- .K .,- -,.,ic Km one nw I'liin. "U 1UUIV JlllU Ull, IIUUKIIIn I1U illlallLaivu iiewara, $iuu.1 gl -mi. -ci 1 Ly Varden & Son.i 1 ill the race perished.' The readers of this paperpleased to learn that there is at leasrmo drnaded disease that hcience ha:ti been able to cure in all its stages, andiit.hat, is catarrh. Hall's Catarrh cure1 i is thp onlv nositive cure now knownscalds the pain from sores of all ikinds the distress from boils or piles. '"It robs cuts, corns, bruises or inju-1i i - in iiit ii i'i in . lie mi. irm (i iiiiwill be . n i,.,i;11o- vphipiIv its nniial don't ex- canyons in the hills.... ...,, .. ...,.T ,i...-. . , .Onlv 2o cents at Oberdorfer's., They formed a rescueand look him up, thinkin;have been lost in one of the gulches or,JS a hLst . st.asparty andValuable for Its Fur.The chinchilla is found in the department of Oruro and is mucheought after on account of the value ofdirectly upon the blood and mucous , ts fur. The Iiolivian chinchilla isEurfacesof the system, thereby de- j iarger and lllore vaiuahle than theBtroyingthe foundation of the dis-, Cnilean varieiv. it is easily crossedSySJi&F the hiscacha, hut the fur is thenassisting nature in doing its work. ' 1 value.The proprietors have so much faith in ' v ,its curative powers that they oilerOne Hundred Dollars for any ease i A King Who Left Home.11 A f A. f ? 1 . i- . . u a (Jnnl -v I i -UlXLlLiailb LJ UU1C. OCiJU lui iwi uitestimonials.1 .n rlirt moflionl frntfrnitv. Hall's Ca-ii 4-,..U r'ttvn i'c f ol'on Tifxninll V ;ifHnorIAlil UUIU o uan.n mi.-. v..j i wwiwent out to the edtre of the town.There they met the Englishman, whowas wildly excited."Did you get anything?'' they askedhim."No," he replied, "not yet, but I'vebeon tracking an elephant for the lastthree hours." Philadelphia SaturdayEvening Post. 'Jifv-my two story brick residence situatedon corner of Main and Sixteenthstreets. House contains j six largerooms, insidp press in each room, cabinet mantpls, 2 reception halls, kitchen,bath room, 2 .large pantries, jfwaterworks and electtic lights throughout,cellar, front and back porches and twostair ways. Everything: in perfpet re-j pair. The best finished and most con-ivenier.tlhome in Paris. ' fA private sewer connects all down tspouts, the kitchen sink, hath roomand'closets. As good a cistern as wasever used from. There are out houses Isuch as buggy house, coal house, poul-1' try house, stable and poultry yard.Everything convenient.tj Lot fronts on Main street 111 1-4(2feet and'on Sixteenth street 217 feet. ,; One can sell two desirable buildinglots in the rear on Sixteenth'street andhave plenty of room'Jeft for yard in Ii rear. '1 his is a most desirable house,'(beautifully situated Jon Main street,and in the best part of the city, lnter' urban and city car stop ljust in frontof the house. Come and see the place 'if vou are interested.TERMS LiberEl.-&zm" R i. ft ashM. F. Kenney, Acutioneer. 21 ."itTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!tt?SSB.323F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold 1)3 druggist ss, 7."c.Take Hall's family Pills for Constipation. ,Extremes r Temperature.The extremes of temperature on thoSahara are such that while the daytoe pppressivly hot, at night it freezes.1 .. . i- iln am1 s-1 - t-Atllw-lV't r lx 4- T) TMathulka, of Buifalo, X. Y., says heJuries In the Cld Days.In oiden times when a Jury in England remained iinperIou to tho judg-'Sgentle mode of persuasion line ami imprisonment were resorted to. The jurythat acquitted Sir Nit hoi Jb Throckmorton was condemned to eightmonths' imprisonment in addition tothe payment of a large sum of money.NOTICE TO CREDITORS.1 1i1 'JR T- TaKe Jmalways KEEPS AT HOME the Kingof ail Laxatives Dr. King's NewI.ifeJPills and'thatthey are a blessing! to all his familv. Cures constipation,1 headaches, indigestion, dyspepsia. ' In the reign of Queen Eli.-ibeth a jury,having reduced a prisoner's alleged1 crime of murder to that of manslaugh-tor, was at once sent to prison andbound over In a large sum to he of1 good behavior. Penalties were likewise intlictcd upon the innocent wifeand children of the offending jurymen.Onlv 2" cents at Oberdorfer's.A Woman WaitsThe Home PaperEd.Rash Plaintiff. 8gVs. Notice to Crediturs.Ed. Fothergill, &c, - - Defendants.The creditors' of the firm of Rash &Fothergill are hereby notified to present their claims proven as rtquireo bylaw tu the undersigned Master Commissioner Bouibon Court.All claims must be filed before or byMarch 13. 1911. or they wiU be barred.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. R. C. C.3t eotDon't Forget theCashRaising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin BroClothing and Shoe Department.Harry Simon's Old Stand.s$td4S3i, J&'ieNNBVVB''WNiTo Head-Offa HeadacheNtkwf U Better thanMfle' Anti-Pain PillsDr.Tkef Give Relief withoutBU Aftcr-EffecU.For four years I was subjectto almost constant headache. Attimes so severe I was unfittedfor work. Through the advice of 1a friend I was persuaded to tryDr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills andthe. result has been that I haveentirely eradicated my system of;Lnu continuous headaches that'followed a hard and continuousmental strain." O. L. Russell,Act C. & N. W. Ry., Early.-Iau,FrSf by AIJ Druff iate.25 Dnn, 25 Cvntt.MECHCAL CO., EHdwtt Ini.A Moving Sermon."I once had a parishioner who wasa miser," said an English clergyman."For this man's benefit I preached oneSunday a strong sermon on the neces-j sity ot charity, of philanthropy a sermon on the duty and thejoy of giv-ing. The miser, at whom I gazedj often, seemed impressed."Next day I met him on the street." 'Well, John, 1 said, 'what do youI think of yesterday's sermon?'" 'It moved mo deeply, sir,' he answered. 'It brought home to me sostrongly the neces&ity of giving alms! that honestly, sir, I've a great mind, to turn beggar.' "To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most RemarkableDndurance Feat of the Season of 1910.I iTTy" '4Br- ! jjfHBBHIHIIlBHBHiBfifeK (i' s"S"' jMAKE HERHAPPY BY TAKINGIT THE YEAR. ROUNDOVER 65 YEARS'PERIENCEiH&,EXA Boomerang. ("What's the matter with your head?" 'asked the lirst bunko man."A farmer I met today just bangedino there with his carpetbag," repliedthe other."It must have been a pretty hard itarpotbag.""Yes: it had a gold brick in it that i1 sold him yesterday." Catholic iStandard and Times.Trade MarksDesignsCopyrights Ac.Anrone en!!ns a tOcetch and description mnyquickly :iscert;ilu our opinion free whether aninvt'uiirm is pnlaltlv pntontHble. Communion.ioiistrictlycoittUcntial. HANDBOOK onl'atcnuBent free. Oldest ncenoy for securing patcnu.l'.ttetits taken tlirouirh Muua & Co. receivetptclul notice, without charge, la thoScientific American.A handsomelr IHnMrated weekly.T.arcet lr-TcrmB. 93 aralation of any ncientlflc Wxarnal.vr : four months, f L Sokl by all newBdeAlera.VUKVSSJbW1Anyhow, They're Gone.Mi-.ttJawback That boy gets hisbrains from uie. Jitrs. JawbackSomebody's got 'em from you, if youever had any, that's a cinch. NewYork American.Tho Old, Old Story."Daugh(cr, has the duke told you theold, old story as yet?""Yes, he says he owes about 200,000plunks.-' Pittsburg PostA stock car left Quebec, Canada, June 6th, and after an uninterruted jurney of- 4,128 miles,arrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.One of the first of the 1911 models to reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger "Suberban," won a unique distinction by theLongest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom.The motor was started December 2nd, and was run continuously, not even stopping whenthe car was at rest taking on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,074.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had placedthe figures at a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record was 10,872 miles. The run was under theauspices of the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night.Flanders Gars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual running expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent per mile. For sale byFor himself doth & man work evilin Avorking evil for another. Heslod.Bourbon Oarage& Supply Co. fti2A',V( --(;vV,;--THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 7, 1911.SURGEONS' FEES.CARBIDLIC ACID.ftv'X v ' ' '""j. ''"irffBMCT5: .JjyMli JL J.1 J t 'J. j.i-'..Xir-ajJ...''.g.j.1- Ji.'i-.i.x :-Jat JVfmmmmmmm' r1 iy H IiP 0Hh-ments from all otlicrs, while prices arereaonall Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., lax-jror than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.I?iONE BETTER.Wm. Mams & Son,'1 42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.L. Sc N. TIME-TABLE(EST EFFECT FEB. 2,TrainsN(. . FROMX4 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 26134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.2:7 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.28il Cynchiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.i'o10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sun lay 7.o5H) Lexington, Ky , Daily Exc jpfc S anday S. 1237 Cincinnati, O., Doily 9.403 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.0312 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.05;; Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.1026 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50io Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.lOS) Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3. Li1SS Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.223S Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily :5.2-5 Mavsville, Ky., Daily o.-lO39 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday . -.405 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday (5.21)30 Lexington, Ky., Daily r o2 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily J 211 Lexington, Kj, Daily 30.231 Cincinnati, O. , Daily WHOTrains Depart34 Cincinnati. O., Daily o.!4 Maysville, Kv., Daily Except Sunday o.3o.11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7..Jo7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday .3o40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday S.2010 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S.2029 Lexington, Ky., Daily '1437 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .' 0--1G33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10. lo133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ip.lh6 Maysville, K., Daily l-?-26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 1 1 .o 125 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -J."035 Cincinnati. O., Daily :j-:JJ9 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday -4b39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday o.oO32 Cincinnati, O., Daily J-y'-13 Lexington, Ky., Daily -8 Maysville, Ky., Daily'. Except Sunday '.to30 C nthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday bAo31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.4831 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10-IX EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains .A-rrrveFROMNo.2 Frankfort, KyDaily Except SundaA Frankfort. u vUVDaily Escept bunclay..-S Louisville 5c Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday.152 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday OnlyTrainsNo. TO161 Frankfortf& Louisville, Sundav Only7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday. . .1 Frankfort, Kv., Daily Except Sunday:j F ankfort, Ky, Daily Except SundayEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg," North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."Whciiyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated..Have Yon Any g RI OflC INNFRIIN LINED MANTLEMantle Trebles? E MSsLSSSs"11 -"----a,ItraeiKns outlast six ordinary mantles. Will tavc 75ft on your mantle expense. TWO COMPLE1GAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE. 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covers from 12 BlocVy-tal-ty Mantles the best 10 and 15-cent grade of mantles sold lake them to your dealer,send them to us, and get a Block Innerun Linea mtntie irec.For sale at Hardware. China, Pluaibki. Drug. Grocery, and Department Stofci. Dcaleiwrite for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO.,s.ieHfr5.)Youngstown,OhiHeadquarter for Iacaaslesceat Maatles, Boners aal Supplies of everydm, criti . Gaa, G K , Karat. His Frare. etc1 i j i piiaORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYEn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguishes our Jfonu-NONE CHEAPER1910. AT 11:59 P. M..Arriveamam !amamamamam 'am Iamam 1am !pm ;pmpmpm ipm ;pm 'amurnpmpmpmamamam !am 'amam !am 'am Jam !am Iam !ampmpm ipmpmpmpmpmpmpm !pm. . 8. 15am..3.50 pm. .G.22 pm.10.10 pm3Depa,rt.7.00 am.7.35 am..9.45 am. .5.55 amPretty Big Sometimes, but Then TheroIs Another Point fcf View.I have a warm spot iu my heart forthe big Aineri'-in surgeons, says nwriter in the Now York Telegraph,and because of regular attendance foryears at some of the most famous clinics in this and other cities 1 have beena witness of their unadvertised charities acU of mercy and kindness whichwere never heard of outside the wallsof the hospitals they honor by theirservices.I knew a wealthy man whose daughter ivas suddenly stricken and whoselife was saved by the attending surgeon. His fee was 25.000. Straightway the father emitted a wail."It's robbery," he said. The surgeon stood firm."Your daughter's life is worth $2."V000 to you," he countered. There wisno denial."Well, this fee zr.esss that I can operate on fifly persons without anycharge, and if you don't like it youcan force me to sue, but 1 will get itwithout a suit or you will stand a lotof publicity."And he got the money without recourse to a court of law.It is safe to marie it down whenyou see a story of some great surgeonwho has charged a high fee that thereare many of his patients enjoyinggood health and relief from pain because ho charged them nothing at all.THE CLANRICARDE PLAQUE.A Famous Specimen or tho SixteenthCentury Goldsmith's Art.One of the greatest cinquccento jewels in the world is the Clanricardcplaque, owned by Lord Clanricardc,who is known as the "hermit peer" andwho claims direct descent from thekings of Connaught. He guards withjealous care this precious example ofthe goldsmith's art, keeping- it safefrom possible thieves and the commongaze in a bank vault, to which hegoes occasionally with great secrecyto feast his eyes upon its magnificence.Some years ago, by royal request, helent it to an art exhibition in London,where it was admired and coveted bysome of the greatest connoisseurs ofEurope.The huge disk is as delicatelywrought as a spider's web and represents the figure of Hercules wieldinga diamond sword. The sword bladeis composed of a mass of perfectlymatched steel while stones, and a superb blue diamond scintillates fromthe hilt. The present owner inheritedit from his mother, who was a MissCanning before her marriage to theIrish lord, and the plaque is practicallypriceless. Aside from its value to collectors and its worth as a specimen ofrare and exquisite art. it is incrustcdwith a fortune in jewels. Xew YorkTress."Clipping Sunday."At Fa ins wick, in Gloucestershire, theSunday following Sept. S is called bythe curious name of "Clipping Sunday" and connected with a quaint custom. Iu the churchyard are ninetynine yew trees, and tradition says thatall attempts to complete the hundredby planting another yew have failedbecomes the newcomer invariably dies.Every year before the feast of theNativity of Our Lady Sept. S thesemystic jews are clipped, and the Sunday "in the octave" thus becomes"Clipping Sunday." After servicethere is a procession of parishionersaround the churchyard, and then alljoin hands and form a ring round thechurch. Finally they gather at thefoot of a flight of steps leading to thechancel door, from which a sermon i3preached. London Chronicle.City of Three Kings.Do you kiiow wluit city has beengiven the name of the City of ThreeKings? It is Cologne, in German,and the reason is that it is in Colognethat the three "Icings," or "magi," or"wise men." who went to Bethlehemto offer gifts to the infant Jesus aresupposed to be buried. According toan ancient legend, their bones werebrought from Milan to Cologne by theEmperor Frederick Uarbarossa in'11G2 and presented to the archbishopof Cologne. Visitors to the cathedralare shown tho supposed souls of themagi, studded with diamonds and inscribed with the wise men's names inrubies. St. James' Gazette.Her Correction.Two young women were talkingover their restaurant luncheon theother day about the quality of a certain prima donna's voice."Oh, she can sing." cried one ofthem enthusiastically. ''She certainlycan sing. Music like that would coaxApollo from his lyre."The other girl flushed and lookedtroubled. After a slight pause shespoke in gentle reproof."I don't want to correct you. dear,"i;he said. "But don't you think thatword is usually pronounced 'lair?' It!s spelled 1-a-i-r, you know." Philadelphia Ledger.Disinterested Affection."I'm afraid. Edward, you're marrying me only because I've inheritedfrom my uncle 100,000 crowns.""Why, Blanche, how can you thinkthat of me? Your uncle is nothing tome. I would marry you no matterfrom whom you inherited the mouy."Der Floh.The Faultfinders.Mention has been made of a personwho, even in heaven, would complainhat his cloud was damp and his haloi misfit William Winter.Who serves his country -well has nojced of ancestors. Voltaire.Peculiar Effect Pure Alcohol Has or.This Irritant Poison.One of the most frequent irritantpoisons used for suicidal purposes i?carbolic acid, and a more agonizingdeath could not be selected. Whjany one should select this poison it ishard to understand unless on accountof the fact that it is cheap and easilyobtainable. This form of poisoningcan usually be easily recognized bythe odor, which is well known, andby the white burns or marks on thelips and mouth, which are typical ofcarbolic acid poisoning.Send for the nearest physician, andin the meantime, as carbolic acid killsquickly, the first aid treatment mustbe prompt in order to get results. Ifpossible cause the patient to vomit bygiving an emetic, such as ipecac orsalt and water, a tablespopnful to apint of warm water. This, however,frequently fails to work on accountof the irritated condition of the mucous membrane of the stomach. Oneof the best chemical antidotes is epsom salt in solution. Another goodchemical antidote is alcohol, the onlytrouble with this remedy being thatit cannot be given in a pure form. Ithas to be diluted with water and forthat reason loses its ctlicac.Just exactly why alcohol counteracts the effect of carbolic acid is notknown, but if. for instance, carbolicacid is splashed on the hands and theyare at once Immersed in absolute alcohol there will be no resulting burn.Dr. II. II. Uarlung in National Magazine.ROUTED THE SINGER.Tosti's Encotintfir With a Persistentand Peppery Stranger."Tosli used to tell an amusing littlestory of feminine persistence." saysHarold Simpson in his book, "X Century of English Ballads." It was during one of his busiest mornings, witha long list of singing lessons to be otthrough, that a knock came at thedour of Tosti's Hat. His valet was ill,and so Tosti went to the door himself.A lad j", a stranger to him, stood onthe threshold." 'Signor Tosti?' she inquired."Tosti bowed." 4Oh,' said the lady, 'I am singingyour song, "My Memories," at Manchester tonight, and I want you tokindly run through it with me.'" 'Madame,' answered Tosti politely,but firmly, 'I fear it is impossible. 1have two pupils with me now. and" athird is waiting in the anteroom, whileothers will shortly be arriving.'" 'But j'ou must!' tholady persisted.. " 'I am sorry' began Tosli againwhen he suddenly received a violentpush backward and the lady walkedinto the studio."Tosti followed, protesting. After along argument, which threatened tobecome lies ted, the lad snapped out:." 'Very well; I shan't sing your song,then!'" Madame,' s.iid Tosti. taking her bytho baud, I am infinitely obliged toyou.'"The lady gave one look at him and: tied."When Lawyers Are Quiet.One George Wilson, a lawyer, whohad much litigation, in some of -whichhe was personally interested as a party or as a trustee, finally passed away,and a short funeral sermon was delivered by a member of tho bar in thepresence of a few old personal friends.Tho lawyer told how the old man had! been abused and maligned, but that, inlact, no nau ncipeci uh; j nr aim unfortunate often and was not a badman.On returning from the .services nnold lawyer was asked by another lawyer about the services and what wassaid. Tho old lawyer replied, "Foronce old George could not file a demurrer or lvotion to any of the proceedings -which had taken place."The lawyer who made the inquiryreplied, "Well, this must be the firsttime George did not move for arrestof judgment." Green Bag.Wagner as an Acrobat.Ferdinand Praeger related an incident of a visit to Wagner at his Swisshome. The two men sat one morningon an ottoman in the drawing roomtalking over the events of the years.Suddenly Wagner, who was sixtyyears old, rose and stood on his headupon the ottoman. At that momentWaguer's wife entered. Her surpriseand alarm caused her to run to herhusband, exclaiming, "Ah, Richard,Richard!" Quickly recovering himself,he assured her that he was sane andwished to show that he could standon his head at sixty, which was morethan Ferdinand could do.A Hiccough Cure.A correspondent writes to us to theeffect that he has found hanging bythe hands with the legs clear of theground, the hands well apart and thebreath held for saj fifteen seconds, aninfallible cure for hiccoughs. Withchildren, hold them up off the groundby both hands. Our correspondentstales that he has never found thismethod to fail. London Globe.Prosaic.They began their honeymoon trip inthe day coach."Darling," he murmured, "I can seethe coals of love in 3our eyes.""Them ain't coals, Jonathan," shesaid; "them; cinders."--St. Paul Pioneer Press.Changed Impressions."What has become of that man whotalked hard tirojs so vigorously?""Oh, we won't hear any more ofthat from Iilni," replied Mr. Dustln3tax. "Ilo'a or. the other side of theuarket now. Washington Star.BI lit Spp fM"Birds of a FeatherFlock Together."Cold Weather andS Coal WeatherCome Together,3n And people flock hereFor good coal.TEMPLINCS?.5ggcSSSife9e5g5SSTOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Better Thanlleaile Range!And CertainlyNone Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumb3, hand-maderivetecKStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a TrEaLKing Redmon.Main Street,mm -uwmmw mDaldwm racKing Lx.,"The ModelRespectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersandalerS.;IIBaldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.Have YouThere is a bottle of Cardui waiting for you at thedrug store. Have you tried it?If not, we urge you to do so, before your troubleshave obtained such a hold on you, that nothing will drivethem outEven now, it may be nearly too late. But try it anyhow. If anything can help you, Cardui will. It has helpedin thousands of cases, where other medicines had beentried in vairu Why should it not do the same for you?M? CARDUIJ 45The Woman's Tonic"My daughter, Octava, would have been in her gravetoday, had it not been for that fine medicine, Cardui,"writes Mrs. Laura Lawrence, of Drennon Springs, Ky."Nothing I tried helped my daughter, until she hadtaken Cardui. I had sent for the doctor, when I thoughtof your medicine and got a $1 bottle. When she hadtaken four doses she became all right I often recommendCardui to my friends."Your druggist sells Cardui with full instructions for useon the bottle. -Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dcpt. Ctotasoofi MdidM Co.. OaBuMW, Tcz&.kxSMdallastmcmns. d4 m fcoofc'HotTrr JocWt ." 1m.WE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SftSHES,DOORS,BLINDS,IfiiH3RD AND SOFT 2COAL,WE AEEAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing,LUMBER CO. f5ESg&k &S3Hi3iPari, Ky.rnm mamPacking Plant,IITried It?swe 4- .1 .SZia' i r-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 7, 191 10MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. Ashby Leer is in Martinsville,2nd.4 Mr. J. C. Leer leaves today for theLoaisville tobacco market.Mr. and Mrs. T. J.visiting in Lexington.Mr. 1. F. Chanslor, Jr., of Maysville, is the guest ofjiis parents.Mr. V. V. Shaw was in Cincinnation business Friday and Saturday.Mr. W. R. Metcalf who has been athome for the past week, left Monday.Mr. Herbert Arms and Miss UettieWood will be united in marriage on"Wednesday, March 13.Miss Alita Wilson Wilson spent Sat-;urday with her cousin, Miss LucilleWilson, at Carlisle. ?Mrs. W. G. McClintock, of Paris. 'was the guest of her mother Mrs. M.Jt. Collier, Saturdsv.Kiss Woods, of Lexington, arrived jSaturday to nurse Miss Martha Smith '-who is quite ill.Call on us for the best fertilizers foryour plant beds. Supply just received.2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.! Mr. Joe Connell and family movedMonday to the property of Dr. W. M.Miller vacated by Mr. and Mrs. E. P.Clarke. eMr. J. fi. Allen and daughters.Prather are Mesdames O. W. Ingles and S. M. Al, leu. spent Tuesday with Mr. and Mrs.J. fl. Alverson, at fcranKlort.Mr. Joe W. Mock and family wereguests of Mr. and Mrs. Carr at Carr'sLanding, Lewis county, from Fridayuntil Monday.Mr. and Mn. E. P. Clarke movedSaturday to their home recently purchased from Mr. W. M. Hamilton onVimont street, from the cottage of Dr.W. M. Miller.Rev. T. W. Watts, who has been so' journing at Clnar water. Fla., for the, past month, returned Friday much im, proved. Mr. M. II. Currant will remain until about April 1.Messrs. Frank and Claude Vimonthave taken down their stock barn onTrigg avenue and will Duild a tobaccowarehouse on their lot recently purchased from Mr. Brent Hutchcraft.The Ladies Aid Society of the Christian chuicb met Wednesday with Mesdames C. T. Darnell and . F. M. Vimont. The meeting was well attended. Mr. Clarence Miller, of Cynthiana,was the guest of his mother and sister, Mrs. Ada Miller and daughter,Miss Katherine, from Thursday untilSaturday.All daily papers can be secured hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AaronMcConnell. Don't fail to call therewhen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HomeJournal.3 4t R. M. CALDWELL, Agent.Revs. W. A. Lusk, of Elizabethtown, and N. F. Jones, of Lewisburg.,who have been conducting a missionary meeting at thb Baptist chuich forthe past week closed their servicesSunday night. The meeting was asuccess.We want news for the BourbonNews. We want it fresh. Those having news items for publication willplease call me Home phone 82 or leavesame at postoflice or Bourbon HomeTplephone Exchange.R. M. CALDWELL, Correspondent.imuijjeFu.iKm.ujin.K:BWatAir"JS!rtssaA-iiwwuiifrtiPi:sa!Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep put$isig their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your ovn come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such as.goes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Lumber & MPf q Company,IncorporatedYard at Office15th and Main Sts.i 1 1 1 1 1 m ipiiiih mini i i i hi in i II iuhmiPARIS, KY.i cj xse w ezsi336Mean SHENtreet, Paris Ky.w.fWALK-OVERSHOES C?V5rMEN3f It F?iii'?ir'rii".rfMO" - T-iy" WIWJP3 IIi fixed Ideas 9Our "Fixed Idea" is to "sell Shoes thatare so good and that fit so well thateverybody who tries one pair will wantanother. That's why we sell j Walk -OverShoes and fit them in the"Walk-Over" Way, (to exact foot measurement.)We suggest that yo utry the "Walk-Over"W ay just once. Youwon't need tobe askedMqnw a second time..Mr. and Ms. A. C. Strode who havebean touring the sunny South sincetheir marriage in January, arrivedFriday as the guests of her parents,Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball, wherethey will remain for some weeks before going to their home in Montana.Misses Callie SLee and Willie McNamara, Miranda Lynch and AgnesWadell were immersed at the Christian church Sunday night by Revs.Jones and Lusk. They united with theBaptist church during the protractedmeeting held at the Methodist churchlast fall.5 The Missionary Intsitute which hashnen in session here for the nast weeknt Ihp. RnnHo.t ehmch. closed Rnnriavnight, A collection was taken at tieSunday morning service for Homemission work and a sum amounting toalmost $75 was raised. Kev. Lusskpreached a powerful sermon Sundayevening. The pleasing featuie of theclosing services was the excellpnt solobeautifully rendered by Miss LouiseCray.The Epworth League Conference ofthe Methodist church will probablymeet in Millersburg the third wsek inJune. Rev. T. W. Watts, Presidentof the Conference, is canvasing amongthe people with this object in view.The conference, should it be held here,will bring representattive citizensfrom all parts of Kentucky andMillersburg is prepared ..to entertainthe visitors.Work is progressing nicely with thedramatic company of which everymember is a star. The "Ogling Owls"has now become a topic of daily conversation and as the various membersof the zompany are met on the street,the question's naturally "asked "Whoare you? What do you "play?" Theonly answer given to the curious is"Come and see." The date for thisever memorable perform rce is Fricteyevening April 7. Buy yc... .-eats earlywhen they go on sale. I. iry effortwill be made to protect th individualpurchaser against the spec'u ir.The city council in regul-'- meetingWednesday night granted j -r.iits toEd Miles and Mag Walls, colored, torebuild their homes destroyed by fireon the morning of November 1, 1910Mayor waaen insisted en tne counciltaking immediate action on the electriclight question which has practicallybeen pending for a year. A committee was appointed to confer withJudge Dundon in regard to the matter.The marshall was ordered to stopwork on all buildings at any time,wnere permission nau not oeen previously granted by council. Mayorwacien is to ne commended on nis action in instituting a move to bring thiselectric light question to a close. Itis understood the difficulties underwhich the council has labored, but it ishopeful that in the action of MayorWadell through the committee appointed by council, the trouble may bespeedily adjusted, and the work onthe plant pushed to completion.Free Demonstrations,i( Free demonstrations on Tuesdav.! Wednesday and Thursday of this va kj of Snider's soups, baked beans and tilkinds or sauces, National Biscuit Company's cako3 and crackers. The public is cordially invited. Don't forgetits free.771 J71 n JlJi &Cj b.Hiidniit's Toilet Articles.We have jusL received a new line ofHudnut's toilet waters, perfumes, rtcVARDEN & SOX.PUBLIC SALEOF.LIVE STOCK"OjvI T2mihllf.'pV". JIML4I1Specials for Quick Clearance !All Discontinued Winter Footwear at Great Reductions.Come and Buy While we Have Your Size..DAN COHEN1336 Main Street, - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNI will sell at public auction, onWEDNESDAY, MARCH IS, 1911,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m.. at "Walter Clark's mule barns, on South Mamstreet, in Paris, Ky., adjoining the L. &. Is. shipping pens, the following livestock.35 head of horses;16 mules;250 cattle;20 head fresh cows and close springers ;100 stock ewes, with Iambs by side;150 shoats;10 brood sows and pigs;4 extra good boars.Horses consist of 20 head of extragood saddlers anddrivers. Several withfast trials. One five-year-old gelding,trial mile, 2-25,drivenby DougThomas.One five-year-old standard bred mare,trial 2:30. Balance good farm andbusiness horses. Five mares are infoal to jacks; 4 in foal to good horses,Senator Bailev Quits Job.j Senator Bailey, of Texas, has reisgn' ed from the Senate. He has 'made noexplanations as to his reasons therefore. He first presented the resit?-j nation to Vice President Sheiman.whoJ refused to accent it.j Hudnut's Toilet Articles.We have just received a new line ofHudnut's toilet waters, perfume?, Ptc.-VARDEN & SON,Richmond is Again "Dry"Richmond went "dry" again Friday,this time by a majority of 123, asagainst 150 "dry' four years ago,vhen the last prveious vote was takenon the question of saloons. Only oneprecinct in the town went'fl"wet."Sale Today.Attend the Moreland sale today at 2o'clock. A good proposition for investors, or a good city home. Termsliberal. A modern heme and a largelot.PUBLSC SALEOFStock, !mpiments,&eI will sell at public auction at myplace of residence on Georgetown pike,one mile west of Paris, at 10 a. m.sharp onWEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1911,the following:l 2-horse farm wagon, bed and frame;1 spring wagon;1 rubber-tired surrey;1 rubber- tired buggy;1 seed drill, new;2 cutting harrows;1 mowing machine;1 hay rake:1 drag;1 binder;Gears and harness;Some Jersey milk cows:2 calves;1 mule;3 horses;Lot of chickens;1 large refrigerator;1 Winchester shot gun;1 large Buck's heating stove.1 small heating stove;2 lawn mowers;1 rick straw;A lot of chicken boxes;A lot of plows,1 pond scraper.TERMS-Cash.BRUCE- MILLER'.George D. Speakes,M. F. Kenifey,Auctioneers..Bev,- W. Dorsey. Glerk. -season paid. Five or six of the3Chorse are reliable family horses.Eight paii-s extra good big mules,broke, ready for work.4 yearling Shetland ponies, sired byan imported stallion, and dams are insported. 80 two-year-old Shorthorn cattte;120 good yearling cattle:40 good stock heifers;5 thoroughbred Aberdeen Angus bullsof the Massie strain;4 high grade Shorthorn bulls, readyfor service;5 yearling Jersey bulls; 1 eligible toregister, bred by Chas. A. Webber,show bull.Fifteen of the fresh cows ofTered above are the finest that were ever offeredat public sale in Hourbon county Jerseys, Shorthorns and Angus.AH of the above described'stoek belong to the undersigned and no otherstock will be offered or sold at this sale. Ail stock shall be as represented, andwill be sold if I have any bidders.TERMS Ninety days, with bankable paper.W. H. VVHALEY, JR.GEO. D. SPEAKES, AuctioneerW. C. McCLINTOCK, Clerk.PUBLIC SALEOFCITY PROPERTY.On account of the death of my parents, and havHg no one to occup 1 Ihave decided to ell my residence at public auction onTuesday, March lt 19iat two o'clock, p. in., on the premises on the corner of Main and SmeanshstreeK1 he Inuse contains six rooms, large hall, bath room s x 0, pantry, threepresses, porches, stone foundation, wired for electricity, water in yard, and hasaower connection. Lot 03 1-2 x 130 feet.1 will also ?ell two lots, 43 x OS 1-2 feet each, on Sixteenth street.Th property will be offered separately and aa a whole, and best bid acQCfJOsd.This is a very desirable and convenient home, situated on the car line and in. asplendid neighborhood.Tkkms Lino ral and made known on day of sale.For further information eaU on Harris & Speaker, real estate dealers.xieo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.J. II. 3IOKELAD.InrtOur I me of fprlino" ifver is Very Compete.wedding gifts.REMEMBER THISI The "House of Quality" only car- gArm W fan (ivp vms nrnrfrkirirr w-m.rn.m www wwJk A.T'V J w fa VillJ VlllAlgfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,I Both Phones. MVtpiHiSaiMISMHMII? f? 4? 4 tf? tib tj? .!? ?? $? i?? tj? t?? tf? tS? tf? ? $? t? i? - 1 vbXI GARDEN TOOLS..-X, Before buying inspect our line of dependable 5-4 garden tools. We will save you money on 4f; High Grade Spading Forks"All Steel Rakesf; Light & Heavy Garden HoesMarking and Onion HoesT Firstclass handles for above tools always ini stock.; Lawn, Garden and Farm JFencing. Neat Strong andDurable.J: Price and Quality Guaranteed, jI FORD A. HO. S-- .Paris, Ky.4VP WMHV ,It - T-