- -H x-- - is., - ' . :r - . " . ''-f'?' ' -1 -- - -. y vSglSMMBalBBTsaHIBgKgSBWBawSlsaiaiaiBBls THE BOURBON WEWSflssiPUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 1911.NUMBER -47JlInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfLogan Howard,Staple and Fancy Groceries,Main Street,Contract Let for School Building. The trustees of the Distict GradedHigh School, of Little Rock, met recently and lat the contract for thenew High School, to be located at thatnlace. The buildirir is to be a framestructure, and will be 24x90 feet.! The contract for the foundation was'awarded to Alonzo McKenzic, whilethe lumber and carpenter work was letto the Stivers Lumbar Co., for 2,200.The following trustees wefe present:Elmer Boardman, L. A. Soper, RogerBurris, J. F. Young and Ed Burris.Bargains This Week.I Hammock chairs 90: lawn benches 75 cents,i ton's this week.cents; foldingat J. T. Hin-Will give you one dollar'sworth (10) of S. & H. GreenTrading StampsEXTRAfor this coupon, besides thoseyou get with50c or more.Raspberries and Cherries.Get busy on raspberries and cherrie3for preserving. Call us Tuesday andWednesday.C. P. COOK & CO.Carcasses in Stoner.Both Phones 179.Much complaint has been heard inthe past few days of the conditionsexisting in Stoner creek. We have ituDon Rood authority that a few daysmirrhacp nf ' ago between the L. & N. bridge andpurcnase oi f . .. - thestream the carcasses of six sheep. Itseems there should be some means toprevent the pollution of the waters ofthis beautiful stream and the officials,whose atterition is thus called to it,should make an effort to detect thepprsons who are engaged in this practice. No doubt the prevalence of typhoid in this community can be tracedto this, as the filtering of the waterwill not remove typhoid germ.rV&&&&!2rutr2r12r'Zr!5r!rir'rJr& ?IP U R WISE9AStandard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams 15White Bacon, per pound 10Santee Syrup, 1-2 gal can .-.'..; 15Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can 20Karo Syrup, 1 gal. can .40Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Ivory Soap. 6 bars 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans .' 25All RolledJSeal Oats, 3 boxes . v : 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25,THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack .65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack. .'. 2.55Fresh Fish Every Friday and Saturdaywj Take Advantage of These Prices :WasASftastastast4S .The Grocery Store of Quality. $w wr. C. LENIHAN, Prop. jjjBoth Phones 234 SI;jSiiii g&'&.&&.'!' 4&Circuit Court.Friday in the case of the Commonwealth vs. W. H. Lucas, charged withthe murder of William Sagaser, thejury returned a verdict of not guiltyand the accused was acquitted. Lucashas a wife and six children. The wifeand one child attended the trial andwere made happy by the verdict.In the case of the Commonwealthvs. James Wilson, for malrcious: cutting, the prisoner was found guiltyand fined S75Fisher Williams, indicted for grandlarceny, was found guilty.Uas Jonnson, charged with arson,was acquitted.Judge W. P. Sandidge, of Russell;ville, who acted as special judge during the March term of court, was hereFriday to pass upon some questions,left over from that term.In Circuit Court Saturday I'm thecase of the Commonwealth vs. "Bud'?Macom, a negro of Claysville, Macomwas tried on two charges, found guiltyand fined to the limit of the law ineach case. First, for selling liquor onSunday the fine imposed was $50; second, for selling iiquor without a'license, $100.Court adjourned soon after dinneruntil Monday morning, ana the Commonwealth cased were continued.Special Judge L. P Fryer, of Butler,went tofhis home Saturday and spentSundayJJwith his family.Yesterday in the case of. Ben Packer, colored, charged with asault andbattery, the jury returned a verdictofguilty and Parker was sentenced tothirty days in the county jail. ,Dan Boatwright, charged withshooting and wounding Jack Williams,was acquitted.Today the trial of Bus Cantnll, on acharge of murder, will be called.County Committee Meets. 'The Bourbon County DemocraticCommittee met Saturday at'ternon atthe court house and selected officers toserve at the Democratic primary Juiy1. Hon. S. G. Clay being the onlycandidate for Representatve fromBourbon and the time limit having expired was de'clared the party nominee.Too Much Fast Driving.The praitice of the fast driving ofautomobiles through the city of Parisin excess of the speed limit regulatedby an ordinance passed at a recentmeeting of the city council is becoming more and more dangerous everyday. The utter disregard for thespeed limit is menacing the safety ofpedestrians.Considerable complaint has J beenmade to the city ocffiials in regard tothe rigid enforcement of the city ordinance and its provisions, the policehave been instructed to place undearrest the driver of any automobiletnat is going beyond the regulationlimit of eight miles an hour and fivemiles when turning corners.While to this date no fatalities haveresulted from fast driving, still theprecaution should be taken. 'MayorHinton has had placed Gn all pikesleading to the city at the city limitssign boards as a warning to autoists.it is tefbe hoped the officers will exetcise a little vigilance and take intocourt a few of the speeders and makean example out of them.It might also be wise to suggest arelief for the congestion which frequently occurs on Main street especially on Saturday and court day. Onnumerous occasions the street is blockaded fron Fourth to Sixth street, byvehicles stopping in the'middle of thethoroughfare. This is more from aforce of habit than anything else andthe presence of an officer a few timeson an occasion of this sort to compeldrivers of vehicles to take one side ofthe street or the other would furnish apassageway for other vehicles.r"We Know How."Why Don't Men Reason?wv,- -"VVvMenVwho are the most successful in business: Men who are"the most successful in law, medicinej politics, and who are the forermost people of their town or section are as helpless as a baby when" itcomes to knowing- where to buy their clothes. Buying a suit of clothesis easy when you come to a store like Mitchell & Blakemore's. Reason it out in this way We carry two of the finest lines of ready-to-wearclothes made Stein Bloch and Hersh-Wicker. Every suit is.hand-tailored and made. Patterns and selections that youTpositivelywill not gnd in other ready-to-wear clothes.iThe well-dressed men of this city are wearing clothes sold- by us,,and why shouldn't you be among them. Look like .the high-pricedtailor-made man at half the price. " -':iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky. . ;Outfitters-to-Men.w WIf Straw Mats . jgp Panama Jtats ; jpIE In All the Latest Styles.l White Serge Pants ft3ji Blue, Black and Grey Serge Coats gWt $jti&Lm Price & Co. fijl s "Clothiers. imtm m m Jm i - ai mmi - Wj WtB0 M1m1P u XlE. M SHC. 9V HL vV mTJVKVVHhTime to Call a Halt.Such disgraceful action on the partof the two Maysville players in thegame here Saturday afternoon wasabout the limit and it is a good timenow to call a halt upon such rowdies.The tactics pursued by those playerswere enough to ;disgust any lover ofthe sport and the quicker the league isrelieved of such a class the better offit will be.Such rowdyism never before hasbeen witnessed on the local grounds.When Lange'riham went to the filed inthe sixth inning, according to UmpireShaw's statement, he began callinghim the vilest names. This resultedin his ejection and possibly the respectShaw had for the spectators saved hima good threshing.When Langenham had been put uffthe field by Sheriff a. S. Thompson,Woodruff took up where he had leftoff, and made several efforts to spikethe umpire by walking behind him andattempting to step on his feet. This,too, was a little more than the officialcould stand, and the Maysville thirdbaseman was ordered to journey beyond the enclosure, and Sheriff Thompson was again called.Woodruff has borne a very unenviable reputation since he has been inthe Blue Grass League. He is knownamong the players as a "bully" andthe sooner be is taught a good lessonthe better it will be for him and thegame. It is all right to protest a decision but there are many more gentlemanly ways. JThis is Langenham'sfirst offense, so far as we know, but ifthe statement of Umpire Shaw is correct, and this we have no feason todoubt, he should be given the limitShaw was a volunteer umpire, assigned by President Ussrey in the absence of one of the rngular staff. Inthe past his work hat been eminentlysatisfactory. It is to be regretted thathe should.have been imposed on andsubjected to luch humiliating and ungentlemanly languagr as wis hurledah him Saturday afternoon by the twoMaysville players. As' a result of -"theforfeiture the lliviville club must'mm 1 1 -- - t -t- , -. - -, i7V Ntiiia a fin ot-Mty dollars..Hi ' ' ' ' - w T ', t" $t vmwmmmmwmw MMMnwnmMMmmfimirmmmiinmiHminiiimmiiimimiiiiimimI FRANK & CO.1 ' The Store Where Reliability Reigns.$9.98- Extra-$9.98Suits at Special PricesSUITSLadies' and Misses' Choice Styles and Colors.Worth Regularly from $20 to $35Choice Now $9.9SAlterations ExtraNever has any house in Central Kentuckyoffered such Suits as these at $9.98COME EARLY WWash Goods in a Big Variety of Patterns.mmFrank & CoParis, - - Kentucky'iM4MWIHUlHXIf1iCaimumii u ummmmimiiiiin umtwwjHti. " - . -- " i -"i -.J9m .'.''."' -"' v' " ' ''"'. ' c, . -- ,- - - 1" 'BiriilSfMi 'iii nil ti if 11 bbmiiii i iTlJ in 2l. ' . z. , Jl . ; -'k,--.:u. v t 1 Vn n Si lift, rl iiriaii- vcSIV"- -'-. lE T,i'hAi'yym.?,rtt- '1THE 4B0URBprNEWS;,PAiaS,igENTUCKY;;jUNE 20, 1911if3m- v.THE BOURBON NEWSunburnHrtitf3SThe Fountain Head of LifeIs The StomachBOTH 'PHONES. 124. . NO. 320 MAIN STREET.A "man who has a weak and impaired stomach and who does notproperly digest his food will soon find that his blood has becomeweak and impoverished, and that his whole body is improperly andinsufficiently nourished.Dr. PIEReE'S COLDER MEDICAL DISCOVERYmakes the stomach strong, promotes the flow ofdigestive juices, restores the lost appetite, makesSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 1$ Years of Continuous Publicationassimilation perfect, invi&orates tnc liver anapurifies and enriches the blood. It is the great blood' maker,flesh'buildcr and restorative nerve tonic. It makes menstrong in body, active In mind end cool in judgement.This "Discovery" is a puret glyceric extract of American medical rootsabsolutely free from alcohol and all injurious habit-forming drugs. All itsingredients are printed on its wrappers. It has no relationship with secretnostrums. Its every ingredient is endorsed by the leaders in all the schools ofmedicine. Don't accept a secret nostrum as a substitute for this time-provenremedy op known composition. Ask "ioua neighbors. They must know ofmany cures made by it during past 40 years, right in your own neighborhood.World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R.V. Pierce, Pres., Buffalo, N. Y.ilTJ W.I'.H'.'fDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.&5 Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFheprocf Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverneed repairs. Fcr further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.ii-SBKImJ! i.rgm-sf4Vrmm ikBitttHBftkiTuinri -mri ''""1reasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lowering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE CETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in'&rv'Jj ?iTMvTOft:Ytip WRY &&& ?WSi ''-V 9EVBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.NJlJL Telephone No. 4.I,4ft4ftBourbon.H E3BIParis, Kentucky:&for Sale PrivatelyDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET.1 offer for sale privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andlJNMton.mvenue. Contains five rooms.tw bplls, bath, pantry, back andfront porches; cellar under entirehUM; gas throughout; water in yardwd bousa; sewer connection. TheTeeidance fronts en Second street, andJc extremely desirable; tine bhadetr on all sid s. Immediate possession-canbe given.v Prospective purchasers invited to inspect the premises.- TEftlAS. Made known on application.U the undersigned.v., JOHN ARKLE.12 tt Home Phone 211fAHgOUNCEMENTS.n i vij i s 1 . v n iii3if O. OUy m a candidate for Rep-'mAHiu ip tb 'LwUture fronBowiMit awwtr. Mtoj2i tott act'oL- fc Pasnoerntte irty.ORICIKAL3TYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship aro Displayed 'in Our Work..In. individuality diblinyuhhcs our Jlbiwments from all otlvcrs. while prices arethe Gardenis a real pleasurethe right tools.if you i aveWe have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real sejviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will help3'ou make a better garden withless labor than you'ever did before. TALBOTTOffice Opp. Postoffice.s(USOSA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.VLaundry,fwSt?A3 bcc reacoodEd. rrr-T-N" JSeason TiIICiICi5 CI2 bal2 33HV.Trj:e 1 to Sept. tZ.Special3(Jir C and 7Cummer Zxcursion Ticketson sale lo Maw York Ciy and r.!l Eastern resorts.Stop-over zi. C !v:utouqua Lai e and N'nara Fal's permitted en r3l-cLcj cne-way and iound-trip t.cLcts.Inquire cf iacal tkct ngent i wrlJcJ. H. Webster, Gm'l Agent PassengerDept 416 Wa'ai t St. Cncinr-ati, O., lorfurther information.VilSS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,oll and 'Famgr NoreltiM,;w'E. Term. 'Pfaone Jl,$S.OO.Payable inReclamation, Not Revenge.Tom Tynan, Warden of the ColoradoPenitentiary, does net believe in punishment for revenge. He is quoted asfollows in an article in "Success Magazine:" "We've got to get away from theold "get even' idea". Imprisonmentisn't society's revenge upon the offend-; ;n-,rM,i ht lil' fTn,.f tomg individual, but society s etiort tocorrect and reclaim. The penitentiarythat releases unbettered and unstrengthened men is not only a millstone about the taxpayer's neck, but amenace to the society that it is supposed to protect. Instead of sendingbroken, revengeful men back into theworld, in no wise reformed, but simply resolved to greater cunning, wemust send back mendrd men, eagerand willing to be of use. Reclamationnot further damnation."The penitentiary should be the lastresort. Many a man is doing timewhen justice would have been betterserved had he been paroled from thebench. The trial judge now has thepower to parole in misdemeanor cases.This law should be extended so as totake in felonies. What if a man hasstolen to get medicine for a sick wife?I have a fellow who's doing threeyears for that very thing. What ifthere is technical guilt without criminal intent? What if it is a first offenseattended by unusual or mitigating cir- Jcumstances? Right there--in the court,room is where such men shonld begiven another change. What's thedanger? The sentence hangs overthem and they live uunder the eye ofthe law. If they fail to make good,or if it turns out that confidence hasbeen falsely reposed, they can be rearrested and imprisoned without furtherproceedings."Romance in a Bottle.A romantic love affair that had itsbeginning only a few months ago resulted in the marriage yesterday afternoon of Ory L. Critchfield, of Chicago,and Miss Pearl Rose, ot Lawrenceburp. W: ile working at the bottlinghous of a plant of the Kentucky Distillery and Warehouse Company, nearLawrencehurg, Miss Rose wrote hername and address on one of the bottles. A short while after she received a letter from the young man who afew days ago escorted her to the altar.A Record Breaker.The tallest ouilding in the world isnow in process of erection in NewYork. It will be fifty-five storieshigh and it will tower 750 feet abovethe sidewalk. All the metal columnsand girdeis are enclosed in hollowconcrete blocks and the flours and partitions atre made of the ha me. Thus abig fire in one room would have butlittle effect in the one adjoining, architects say that such a building willlast forever.Shoots Man Who Robbed Friend.George Longnecker shot and fatallywounded George Insko, aged eighteen,of Dayton, Ky , near the former'shome in Mason county, Friday night.Insko and a Dal, who escaped, had heldup and robbed Tim Ryan and wife.whowere on their way home from church.Ryan went to Longnecker's home andthe two started out to hunt for thehighwaymen. A short distance fromthe house thev met them, Insko callingto them to throw, up their hands. Instead, Longnecker shot him with ashotgun, Insko dying Saturday morning in the county jail at Maysille.Cattle Poisoned.Joseph Gregg, a prominent 'farmerof the Rutland neignborhood, Harrisoncounty, lost several head of stock, theresult of paris green poisoning, andmore are sick from the drug.A post-mortem showed a quantity ofParis green in the animals' stomachs.A search was then made and a quantity of the poison was found scatteredabout over the pasture. It was evident it had been put there with criminal intent, and as yet no clew hasbeen secured as to who the guilty are.Important Tax Decision Kender-dered.Judgment of the Jefferson court inthe case of Kentucky Lands Investment Company against Charles 'F.Fitch and others was reversed by theAppellate court last week and remand-ea ior luriner proceeaings.Following a sale by the State of acertain lot in Louisville fcr taxes, thecity of Louisville set up a claim -fortaxes from 1894 to 1910, and attachethe vtliaity of the sale, and asked thatthe deed from the State Auditor becanceled. The lower court dismissedthe petition. In reversing the courtbelow the A ppellate Court says :"There is every reason why theState and the sound policy of the lawwould require that she lend her aid to ithe city in the collection of its revenuerather than attempt to. defeat it in itacollection. Where a ssrie is made bythe city, the validity of the lien of theState, county and taxing diitricia inno wise impaired, and where 'the saleis by the Stat the - validity, of thecity's lien for taxes t thireoB i unit pi red." . -ONE YEAR,$1.00Morgan Men May Meet at Lexington.The annual reunion of Morgan's Menat Parks Hill, Nicholas county, whichhas been held for a number of years,may not be held this year, it is said.Col. Green Keller, who was a memberuTrTta. ZI Monument Committee, saysof that command and a member of thethey willprobably not meet at Parks Hill thisyear, as it is desired to make the meetat Lexington, when the Morgan monument is unveiled, the greatest gathering of Morgan's Men held since thewar. He says, however, that hisstatement is not authorative, but thatthe Parks' Hill reunion will probablynot be held.Heavy Losses from Sheep-Killing Dogs.Dogs are again playing 1 avoc withsheep and lambs in Nicholas countyand a number of farmers report heavylosses, and a number of new claimshave been filed. It now seems certainthat claimants will not realize over 20or 25 cents on the dollar on theirclaim3 owing to the fact that theamount of claims amount to mere thantwice as much as the amount realizedfrom dog taxation.Old Settlers7 Picnic.The old settlers of Nicholas countywill holdjtheir annual meeting at thecourthouse in Carlisle Saturday, June24, and the day will be observed as ahomecoming day for former citizens ofthe county. The meeting was calledby Prpsident Horace M. Taylor andSecretary Green R. Keller.Has Souvenir ofBattle.Lake ErieLevi Trotter, who was formerlyMayor of the neighboring town ofMillersburg, but who is now a resident of Lexington, has in his possession a cane made from the wood takenfom Commodore Perry's flagship, the"Lawrence," which was made famoudby the battle of Lake Erie Septemberj 10. 1813.The ship was dismantled July 4,1858,and soor after the cane was madein Indiana '.and presented tto WilliamNunn, uf Millersburg, by a relative.Liter it came into possession cfJ Charles Clark, who carried a daughj ter of Squire Nunn, and at Mr. Clark'sdeath, his son, William, sold the caneto Mr. Trotter, who displays it withjust pride as a relic of the stormytimes in the early history of our country i The wood of which the cane is madeis live oak, the handle is of ivory, andthree thin silver piates bear the following inscription: "Wood taken fromthe flagship Lawrence, July 4, 1858"Commodore O. H. Perry's victory onSeptember 10, 1813" "We have mettne enemy and they are ours" Thesewords are inscribed in the ivory handle: "S. L. N. tu Wm. Nunn."Was Too Suspicious.An Albanian youth named Brahlmovitch, who is a stranger to the customs of civilization, arrived in Belgrade recently and shot a new acquaintance immediately after an introduction, having mistaken an attempt to shake hands for an attemptto snatch the weapons in his beltImportant Alaskan Industry.Alaska s fishing industry, next in importance to mining, gives employmentto 12,58S persons, ot whom 2.S23 arenatives. In the last five years the territory has sent us a wealth of $43,000,000 In salmon alone. The total output of fish in 1910 was worth $11.181,3SS. Improved Sewing Cabinet.A sewing cabinet spacious enough tohold everything a seamstress mayneed in her work, yet which folds uplike a screen and can be carried byhandles has been invented by a Mis-B0Urian,Cough Cure.If you can stand the odor, a badcough can often be cured by five dropsor kerosene taken on a lump of sugar.If this sounds too horrible, much thesame effect is achieved by swallowinggasoline.is now a summer as wellas a winter remedy. Ithas the same invigoratingand strength-producing effect in summer as in winter., Try it In a" little cold milk orwater. 3 -c ALL DRUGGISTSSIX MONTHSAdvanceW4GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.PWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.CferS3SS(ferSS3iQ,gQjtSS3SSBipt2:DimmmmmmmmmmmX. C. XJ. R,.Looking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money When BuyingYour Clothing, Shoes or FurnishingWe are the only house that has small expenses, therefore we can save you moneyby purchasing your wants with us. Giveus a trial and you will be convinced thatwe are the cheapest house in the city.You are getting more goods for the samemoney Same goods for less money.Special Sale for 15 Days Only on Trunks, SuitCases and Valises.THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY.East Tenn.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little7, RockRuddles Mills."Whenyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service.' 'Thev East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNotice! Poultry RaisersTl 4-11-44Cholera, Gapes, LimbernecK. Roud. Canker,3fOXE AS GOOD fS- !.,,o on, ko p mm mucawm y BMdrtowi, Ky.. arc "0e ckopwivm fcjiL aw. - . .1t p - ".t s vncinguw--w,wBTareTiMc!iieiMtotfy., .u -L- I. T . i:11-iMiiMriwertlyj.ScKCrMtotowiy. Price Sic at all inhtf.OLD BY -iQ. S, ardei & Somlr1Telephone Co.andyonCURES. J m Tana an Diseases w poultryof Reck 4.1 1.44 .I) A A. ka -X . -.- zr - w ""wi1. -' .TT ....to OBltHfcfeebtfp6tWi1l.eCT-iedt4hflt;-Aapcrv.' 'i.- i k s' t ' '- --,? .J -A'rr?t k''-&vrk.. v"i-. --T. .rf ..Oi A:,;VTHE: BOyRftON NEWS, PARIS, , KPfTUCKY, JUNE' 20; tfU,JV--"4-.V JT' .$Ix.tf -ry5',X'-TO RAISEp.X !tT4-ft.i..fty?finmiH:MONEY!TO SAVE US FROM FINANCIAL RUINWorth of High-Grade Summer Clothing, Hats and Furnishings to be distributed into the homes of the people of Lexington and vicinity for priceslower than the actual cost of the raw material.$45,000.00I Hirsch Star Clothing louse220 01. main Si., 0pp. Court Rouse, Lexington, Kentucky.Necetsily Knows no Law. Entire Stock Must be Sold to Meet the Demands of the Creditors.Sale ffiegns Wednesday, June 2 9 a. m.Cause of This SlaughterrWe are confronted with a serious business problem. The unexpected sometimes happens owing to backward season and disastrous weather conditionsw are heavily over-stocked. The bills have come due. Our creditors are now clamoring for their money, therefore we are compelled to sacrifice everyarticle in our store to meet the demands of creditors. CASH IS KING. CASH WE MUST HAVE, no matter how great the cost. We must raise a largeamount of CASH to SAVE OUR GOOD NAME, the creditors demand their money.By order of the Creditors thisMountain of Merchandise Must beTurned into CashIn 10 DaysSale will Positively OpenWednesday, June 21st,At 9 o'clock a. m.Wait For This Big Sale!The stock is now being remarked. No attention will bs paid towhat the goods actually cose, as we will cut and slash prices to sellstock and sell it quick. In some cases L will do the work of j elsewhere. By no means miss this grand opportunity. It's an event thatseldom comes. We are marking i he goods at prices that will be thetalk of Lexington for years. Wo will claim supremacy in vahu givingfor 100 miles around and will leave the verdict with the people.Sale Opens Wednesday, June 21.Conditions of Sale:than realized. Come early!All goods sold for cash. Our name stands back of every purchase. Toyou. Our store is now closed to MARK DOWN STOCK and re-arraugeto this sale expecting the greatest bargains you ever saw or heard of.Buy now, while the market is down.Safe Opens Wednesday,June 21,at9a. m.The most extraordinary sale that hasever been attempted in the. State of 'Kentucky. We advise prompt action, so be on 'handwhen the doors open.Greeble & Hirsch Star Clothing HouseOpposite Court Houseavoid any misunderstanding, bring this paper withstore. Sale opens WEDNESDAY, JUNE 21. ComeWe assure you that your expectations, will be moreRead Read! Prices Wrecked in Every Line!Men's SuitsA fine suit of clothes all to match inplain and fancy mixed effects, worth $10.Creditors's Sale Price $2.1)5Men's fine suits made up in conservative stvles, in plain and fancy patterns,worth 12. Creditors' Sale Price. $-4.95Men's Worsted Suits, all sizes and assorted patterns, worth $li. Creditor'sSale Price $7.95Men's Fine Worsted Suits, this suit thepeer of anv you see elsewhere at $17 50.Creditors'" Sale Price $.M5(Latest styles and patterns, all sizes)$22.50 Swell Worsted All-Wool Suits,black, brown, some solid worsteds ingray, all the most desirable and newestshades, all superbly tailored, perfect fitguaranteed. Values equal to Suits selling for 22.50. Creditors' SalePrice 11.1)5$25 Men's Suits 12.95; this amount entitles you to choose a suit from manylots as finely made and as elegantly finished as the most fastidious dressercould desire. Fine heme and foreignsuitings of style and tone; garmentsof faultless fashion, in worsteds,cheviots, tan mixtures, tan and fancydesigns; all this season's styles. Creditors' Sale Price . $12.95Boys' Knee Pant SuitsBoys' Knee Pants Suits; worth 75c.Creditors' Sale Price -. .9cBoys' Knee Pant Suits; worth S3.Creditors' Sale Price 98cBoys' Knee Pant Suits; worth $3.50.Creditors' Sale Price $1 .98Hats and CapsMen's and Boys' Caps; worth 50c.Creditors' Sale Price 1 9cMen's 2 Straw HatsCreditors' Sale Price 79cMen's 3 Straw HatsCreditors' Sale Price $1.19Men's Soft Dress Hats; worth $2Creditors' Sale Price 79cMen's Soft and Stiff HatsCreditors' Sale Price 1.19Men's PantsMen's Good Pants ; worth $2Creditors' Sale Price OtfcMen's fine Dress Pants, worth 3Creditors' Sale Price $1.25Men's fine Trousers for Sunday wear,all the latest; guaranteed all wool, worth$3.50 to $4.50Creditors' Sale Price $15$Men's fine dress Pants, for Sundaywear, in worsted and faucv stripes;worth 5, $G, 7Creditors' Sale Price 2.59Men's FurnishingsFancy Bordered Hemstitched Handkerchiefs ; worth 15cCreditor's Sale Price 25cMen's Heavy Work Sox ; worth 15cCreditors' Sale Price 4cMen's Summer Underwear porousknit, balbrigan. short and long sleeves ;worth 50c. Creditors' Sale Price... 15cMen's $1 Dress ShirtsCreditors' Sale Price 35cMen's 50c SusupendersCreditors' Sale Price 19cFine Neckware; worth 75e and $1.Creditors' Sale Price 1 9cLarge blue and red Handkerchiefs;worth 10c. Creditors' Sale Price 3cV Men's 50c Fancy HoseCreditors' Sale Price 19cMen's Heavy re-inforced work Shirts;worth 75c. Creditors' Sale Price.. 35cMen's fine Suspenders ; worth 25cCreditors' Sale Trice 7cMen's fiue dress Hose ; worth 25cCreditors' Sale Price 9cMen's 25c HandkerchiefsCreditors' fcale Price 7cMen's fine Dress Shirts; worth 2Creditors' Sale Price (9cShoesMen't work Shoes, heavv grain ; worth$2.50. Creditors' Sale Price $1.19Men's $3.&0 Dress ShoesCreditor's Sale Price f 1.69Men's 4 Dress ShoesCreditor's Sale Price 1.98Free Trip to Lenington, Ky., Radfall Purchasers oflius of 100 Miles.$25 Worth or More for aINotic:Owing to the extensive advertising ofthis great sale many unscrupulous andQmnli frv merchants may try to lure you in by fictitious higns. Do not enter until you see the nameover the door.Greeble & Hirsch,Opposite Court HouseBeware ! Watch ! Look !For the Large Black and White Signs and the NameGreeble & Hirsch Star Clothing House220 W. Main St., 0pp. Court House, Lexington, Ky.Notice to the Public.Our building is now closed to re-mark and rearrange this gigantic stock. Positively nogoods sold, or no one allowed in the buildinguntilWEDNESDAY, JUNE 21Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.FOR RENT.Storeroom corner Fourth and MainEtreets. Apply toI. L. PRICE or2 3t JAMES WILLS.LOST.Warehouse necsipt for thre barrelsof Sea Clay wk'Mty. Suitable rewardtKbrannon.er raesra terLIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalAuthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use .of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and give you instant relief. t. For Sale by G. S Varden.&.Son.V - . Lifelike.;' .Bfpaay;, Tree eirU that beat a.A Peek Into His Pocketwould show the box of Bucklen's Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y., always carries." I have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it would not soon heal,"he writes. Greatest healer of boms,boils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,fever sores, skin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.A Way to Slip In.Tt's my opinion de millionaireswon't storm de gates o glory, butyou'll hear many of 'em axfn somepoor soul: Whar Is dat crack In defence what I hearn folks talkln'"bout?' " Atlanta Constitution.A Terrible Blunder.to neglect Hver trouble. Neve do it.lake Dr. King's New Life Pills onthe first sign of constipation, biliousness or inactive bowels and preventvirulent indigestion, jaundice or gall,stones', They regulata liver, stomachand bowels and build nevAour healta.jOnlySfc At"Oltoortar?s; - m iAurora Borealis.According to a thaory recently enunciated, the aurora borealis is formed ofcathode rays, emitted by the sun anddeflected by the terrestrial magneticGeld in the upper strata of the atmosphere. The velocity of these cathoderays must be nearly equal to that oflight, and very much greater than thevelocity of cathode rays produced inthe laboratory. Lenard concludes thatthese extrepiely "hard" cathode raysare emitted by unknown radio-activesubstances in the sun.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true Portia!.Cement, ground to dust-like sneswaa,and with only a fraction of 1 percent magnesia, its concretes wslesVdure for ages. It is the best Prfts&Cement made in the world' tsdsyfor all kinds of work. Every user, ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our free -,Superior Catechism Nex. 38Then keep on insisting vanl yewr.dealer supplies Superior. , - 'Union Tnut Build, Cmciwtf. OkiaJustus Collus, Presides,Superior Portia! Cemt Csvj1STOCK, CROP AND FAIM HTTotal rectipts of live stock on'tnerChicago market for the wetk'eReiscJune 10 were 46,300 cattle,125.80Q.koand 104,100 sheep. Compart rk wittW'jlast week's receipts decreased J.-OO1 -cattleand 6,600 hogs, and'incrtisedr,15,200. sheep. Compared with, cotr-s- rponding week a year ago cattle, der ,creased 200, hogs increased 28,100 andt- "sheep 32,100. " -The saddle stallion. Simpson 3609.bred hy Ball Bros., Versailles, Ky., -hasbeen sold to Jos. C. Carter, and byhim to C. M. Hutton, Minden, La.Simpson was sired by MontgomeryChief 1361, out of Alert 5043. by Black; -Squirrel58: 2d dam,. by Feavine 85; 3didam by Flying Cloud.One of the largest land deals csnsummated at Lexington, Kyt this -yeacrwas reported Wednesday.. FSkidmore purchasing from C. F. Wfn-r'slow, of New York, his 217 ;acre BlaeGras farm near-that cit7, known as t.the Petit place. While the price wasnot made public, it was understood to -rhave been appraixmately $50,000. rSkfdmore, who is from Harlan eouRty,recently purchased 9 the AfcCorklefarm near Lexington, and is so welL' -pleased with the Blue Grass teat ha -decidedto increase his holding?. -Hard to Obtain Radium. iwLondon's radium institute is finalaj'It hard to obtain the five and onej-halt "grams of radium needed in its equip- -mentfor therapeutic work. The Armwhich undertook to supply" tha -.amount is unable to' lfve up to' iia contract The institute is to open in October.v Iil(-...iM i"Hello" Equipment.To do the hello work last year Iherewere more than 288,000 miles of polelines. There were more than five anda half million miles of pole wire anda half million miles of pole wire, about6ix million miles of underground wireand nearly twenty-five thousand milesof submarine wire total miles of wire.U;42,212. The increase for t&e yearwas nearly -a million "and a , ejnafterralles. " " ?Lesson of Chivalry.The lesson of chivalry, quite as Important in the lad as in his father, indifferent degrees of course, may betaught in little attentions to motherand younger sister helping about thehouse, making provisions which willsave mother many steps durlngiiisabsence and escorting sister to andfrom school.Need of Good Companions.We went one or two companions ofIntelligence, probity and sense, towear out life with; persons by whomwe can measure ourselves and whoshall hold us fast to good sense andvirtue. Emerson.Extensive Use of Potash.Potash enters into the making ofglass, soap, bleaches,, dyes, photo-S-aphlc, chemicals, medicble, explore, fertilizer; and 'is need in goldminine; an manyotnSr industrial pre-,cesses. lv;;vf" x , --iT .Inventor of Musical Glasses. " njTRichard Pockrlch, an Irishman.ras."fthe inventor of musical glaseesof-"dinary drinking glasses tuned st se -lection and played by passing werfin- -Hgers over the brim. He showed al.Invention first in Dublin, and.iooi itto London about 1750. - ' w'-The Charger zt the Funeral.-.,-" "The charger led at the iuneral oev& cavalry officer is a ellc of tke ciibk- ntorn when a horse was sacrineesl 'aCthe grave. An officer led thecaarajetiWDemnd the bier to the brink of ,tnecgrave and it was there slain aneVthrown upon the coffin. The last oe-"currence of this kind took place atTreves, Germany, in 17SLAlways the Best Way.It takes courage to keep quiet aatgo on. It is not an easy way. "but it,is the way which, having taken, a"one ever regrets.IrBlooding Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and pea-Checker manently," cures syCouh. Croup, Jfboopsing Cough and, all Throat and LurjgAffections. The best remedy Joechildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaf iwyVS.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years 4Its the first medicine that has Jouc aie neck go4.V.W. T. Brooks, Agents--lesswaassniessm:SMr1if t. .12..luargoien sfFresh CaughtFishThis Week.,Margoleii,L.&fParis,;Ispssvpfrtew:K'T-T-.." ,a..ttvhftTp ROURBQjT , lEWS, ; ARIS, KENTUckV, JUNE -20,191 1.'.f rf sr-vs-ikNtw ! Tilt Diimoni.FRIDAY.In tk last game of the series between Paris and Frankfort the Bourbenitec came out with the long etd ofthe score Friday afternoon.TJm same, while played in fasttime, lacked interest, but many fastplays were pulled off. Schrauder kepthis hits well scattered but on one ortwo occasions the locals fell into tightplace and only by brilliant playingwere enabled to relieve the situation.In two sessions the visitors had anan on third but the hit necessary toconat was not forthcoming. In thelist inning the Lawmakers saved,themselves at shutout when Konnickwag thumped in the ribs took secondo 'a wild pitch and counted whanFrench and Kapp hit safely.Paris had the bases full in the firstiMinf; with two out, but could notput a run over the plate.The locals scored twice in the fifth,after one was down. Harrell hit tocenter and pilfered second on McKernan's hit to left .JteKerntif took second on the throw and came home onMayer's hit to center.With one out in the eighth the Bourbonites couonted two more. Maxwellsingled, reached third on ttarnett'ssafe drive, Barnett reaching second,both crossing the plate when Goodmani hit to right.In tne ; nrst inning oarneic wasstruck on the head by one of Cramer'swild heaves but his injury was notsufficient to force him to retire fromthe game. Outfielder Ludwig madehis first appearance on the local lotand showed up well in the field. Thescore iFrankfort 0 0000000 11Paris 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 2 x 4Batteries Frankfort, Cramer andHolder; Paris, Schrauder and Mayer.Hits Frankfort 10, Paris 9. ErrorsFrankfort 2. Earned runs Paris 4.To base hits Crutcher. First onballs ofr Cramer 1. Stolen baseHarrell. Struck out by Schrauder 1,PUBLIC SALEOF.Handsome City . Residence.AND.Three Beautiful Building Lots.We will sell at public auction, without reserve or by-bid, onTUESDAY, JUNE 27, 1911,at 2:30 p. m, on the premises, on Seventh street, in Paris, Ky., the S. T.OVERBY PRO PERTY, which is described as follows:A certain house and lot situated on the South side of Seventh street, lotfronting 100 feet on said street and extending back 195 feet more or less, andcontaining a handsome brick residence of nine rooms, three halls, two porches,bath room; and concrete cellar under the entiie house.This is a modern, f convenient houme, in excellent repair, fitted with jrelectric light, chandeliers, heated by furnace and has a slate roof. Outbuildings consist of a stable, chicken house, meat house, etc., and has a SDlendigarden, grape arbor, fruit and shade trees.At the same time we will sell three adjoining building lots, one fronting 55feet on Seventh street and extendsng back 11)5 feet, more or loss, and twofronting 50 feet each on same street and extending back 307 feet, moreor ldss.This property is located on one of the best streets in Paris, about twoblocks from car line and business, center of town, and is convenient and desirable in every respect.TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.HARRISGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.& SPEAKES.Real Estate Dealers.by .Cramer 3. Sacrifice hits McKer-nan.-Doubleplays Kuhlman to Barnett,Kuhlman to McKernan, to Barnett. Wild pitch Schrauder. Passedball Holder. Hit By pitcher Barnetr,French. Bohannon. Time 1:30. Umpire Bohannon.SATURDAY.Because the Maysville club did nothave enough players in uniform tofinish the game after JLangenham andWondruff had been put off the groundsin the game here Saturday afteraoon,the remaining players (left the fieldand the game was forfeited to Parisby a score of 9 to 0.Maysville was leading by three runsin the fifth and the locals in their halftied up the contest. With two men onbase in the sixth and two down Langenham was called out on strikes. Along drawn out argument ensued resulting in Langenham being ruled outof the game. Woodruff then took exceptions to the umpire and engaged rina useless wrangle and he too was putout of the lot by the official.Z The locals went to the front in thesecond inning and Maysville scoredtwo in the third. The Rivermen addedtwo more in the fifth and in their halfParis tied the score on three singlesand a double. The score:Maysville 0 0 2 0 2 0-4Paris 0 10 0 3 x 4Batceries Maysville, Nichols andFarrell ; Paris, Maxwell and Mayer.Errors Paris 2. Hits Paris 10 ;Maysville 7. Two base hits Wiley,Barnett. Base on balls off Maxwell1. Struck out by Maxwell 5, byNichols 1. Double plays McKernanto Harrell to Kuhlman, Williams unassisted. Sacrifice hits Carmony 2,Kuhlman 2. Time 1:00. UmpireShaw. SUNDAY.Once again the Colts went down indefsat before the sturdy Bourboniteson the Lexington grounds Sundayafternoon. The contest was stubbornly fought and errors coupled withtimely hitting gave the local team onerun the best iruthe game that went tenrounds.For nine innings each team struggled to get a man around without result. In the second. Yancey was calledout at the plate on a very close decision, which was the nearest the Coltscame to scoring until the tenth andfinal session.Schneider pitched masterly ball andhad the Bourbonites completely at hismercy for eight innings. Not untilthe ninth did they hit him safely, andthen when two were down Harrell ripped off a stinger to center.Hauser showed his class when hejkept the Colts' batsmen hitting into 1the hands of his jteammates. The lo-jcals played a brilliant game in the;field and found Scnheider just whentheir hits meant so much.After two were down in the tenthBarnett reached second on Badger'serrpr. Goodman singled, Barnettscoring when Yancey threw wild atthe plate, Goodman taking second andcoming home whetKuhlman sent opeto right.V The Colts made a determined effortto retrieve the game in their half butthe best they could do was to countone run before the side was retired.The score: -Paris -....0 00000000 2-2Lexington 0 00000000 11Batteries Paris, Hauser and Mayer. Errors Paris 1, Lexington 3.Hits Paris 3, Leington 6. Bases onballs off Schneider 2, off Hauser 1.Struck out by Schnieder 10, by Hauser 2. Left on bases Lexington 5,Paris 3. Sacrifice hits Badger, Long.Double plays Maxwell, Mayer: Viox,Long, Wahoo; Long, Viox, Wahoo.First base on errors Paris 2. Time1:40. Umpire Bohannon.- MONDAY.Yesterday at Winchester Paris wasdefeated by the Hustlers by a score of2 to 0.Neat Sum Realized.The neat sum of $91.16 was realizedfrom admissions at the commencementexercises of the Western High Schoolheld at the High School Auditoriumlast Tuesday night.Special to Frankfort.The Bourbonites will play at Frankfort next Sunday and a special trainover the F.& C. will be run from thiscity leaving at 12:15, returning willleave Frankfort immediately after thegame. The Lawmakers and the Bourbonites will meet .in the first doubleheader of the season between the twoclubs.Colts Here Today.The Colts will be the attraction atWhite Park this afternoon. From thestubborn contest Sunday in Lexingtona great game may be expected today.The Colts are coming determined lotake the measure of the Bourbonites,who are confident of a victory evertheir bitterest antagonists in theleague.Robbins will in all probability bepitted against the locals, while GusBono, the newly acquired hurler willbe on the slab for Paris.A special train will be run fromLexington for the game and a largpcrowd is expected to come over fromColtland. The game will be called at3:15.Cheap This Week.If you want to buy refrigerators,porch and Jawn furniture cheap see J.T. Hinton this week.Campmeeting Closes.The campmeeting which has been inprogress for several days at the OldFair Grounds, came to a close Sunday."The Return of the Prodigal" was thesubject of the sermon preached byRev. R. Quarles. Rev. Quarles, whnhas been styled the "Black Moody."will leave this week for Boston .wherehewillconduct a revival.' HfRWlaaafca HHHH JLlft AfAlVC gx : mUtt MSfegnfl"T iNow Is Your Chance to Get Summer Goods IAt a Very Z,ittle Cost!' Porch Chairs and Settees, - 75c uo to $5.50Porch Rugs, two-tone green, - , - $1.00 up to $9.75- ' Porch Swings, Mission finish, - - - $2.75 up to $5.00A beautiful line of Fiber Rugs, large size, - $6.75 up to $1 1.00The New Iceberg Refrigerator jand Ice Boxesj $6.50, $8.75, $9.50, $12. $14.75, $15.50 to $35 fBrass Beds $16.75, $20, $28.75 up to $65. jj; Gasoline Cook Stoves $2,75 up to $5.75A'Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet or the Marion Cabinet for the Price of $25.00A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co. 1aad 3rd St.. CHAS. GREEN, ManagerA&Bit Keinctferis.''Big redactions in wall paper atJ. T. HINTONS'.FOR RENT.Desirable live-room residence on thebest part of Vine street. Address box234. 16 3tFOR RENT.Good stable, corner Tenth and Highstreets. Apply toWM. GRANNAN,Elks Building.Special Prices.l - 4L'Special pricaa on xuga at J. T. Hiaton's this week. v'Strayed or Stolen.- Frura my stable at the Cal StonerFarm, on the Little Rock pike, 2 1-2miles from Paris, on Tuesday night, adark bay horse, blind in one eye andhas one white hind foot, is about 14years old. Liberal reward for inforjmation as to his whereabouts.D. L. LEGGETT.Paris, Ky.,16 3t - R. F. V. No. 3.I25 M Cent. OFFON ALLSTRAWHATSK H HB mi Ba- w HB BB n HH . m BH BH BH HH BHBennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYfIIEmbry & Co.THE LEADING SPECIALTY HOUSEiAnnounce New ArrivalsBeautiful SummerGarmentsAt Bargain PricesLingerie Dresses,Linen Coat Suits, .Pongee and Linen Coats,Muslin Waists, Etc." ALSO-Tailored Wool SuitsFor Traveling, at Greatly Reduced Prices-; 'These garments are new, desirable models,worth your inspection and easily worthdouble' the money asked for them.z.- j Opp.Court HouseEMBRY & CO.,IA APrAs, KentuckyVlr.Mate Street East . LEXINOTONlKYit'vtvJ AjtrV.J-.-. K -i - -A..,.- 'W HBBP! r 'THE BOURBONS NEWS, pARISfICKY,JUNE. 201911!"A -LVI))Wfe BOURBON NEWS.PEISONAL MENTION.ISALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGWill Play at Masonic Picnic.The Paris Military Band has benengaged to furnish the music at theMasonic picnic t- be held at NorthMiddletown on Juiv 1.Fruit Juices.wtor ices.t'e nave all kinds4of fruit juicesC. P. COOK & CO.Adjudged Insane.Mrs. Hannah Jnnville, of Millersburg, was brought into court Fridaymorning, tried on the charge of lunacy, adjudged insane and otdered tothe lunatic asylum at Lexington.Just Received.GtfA new consignment of ladiespeis, something hne and cheap.FELDS SHOE STORE.slip-New Member of Firm.-Mr. Monroe Mansfield is now interested in the Templin Lumber Co. Thisfirm is ready at all times to furnishthe trade promptly with lumber, jcoal,ceimnt, brick, roofing, etc. Yourpatronage is politely solicited. 20 2tWatch the Window.See the big Lion and the Lion Collardemonstrator in our window Tuesdayand Wednesday.L. WOLLSTEIN.Fingers Injured.The little son of Mr. and Mrs. V.W. Ferguson met with a painful accident Thursday afternoon.He was riding in the family carriagewhen he got one of his ringers caughtin the door, painfully injuring it. Dr.Frank Fithian was called and dressedthe injury.A Rare Chance.You will never have a bttter chanceto secure a nice home or a more beautiful building lot than nn June 27 whenthe Overby property on Seventh streetwill be sold at 2:30 p. m. See ad inanother column. tdValuable Dog Killed,"Lady Black." a fine , specimen ofthe English bull dog and the propertyof Miss Frances Champ, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Swift Champ, was runover by an automobile Thursday nightand sustained injuries from which shedied early Friday., morning. The dogwas of the pure English strain andpessibly the finest in Central Kentucky. It was highly valued bv itsowner and only a few weeks ago anoffer of $100 was made for her by anOhio dog fancier."Komfortabie Hollars."Let the Lion demonstrator show youhow to wear Komfortabie Kollars forhot weather.L. WOLLSTEIN.'A Correction.The name of Auctioneer M. F. Kenney was inadvertently omitted as being one of the auctioneers which conducted the sale of the city properly ofthe Lancaster heirs in this city Thursday. This was due entirely to an oversight. Mr. Kermey is one of the bestauctioneers in Central Kentucky andthe fact that his name was not included in cur notice is ns reflection uponhis ability, and the good prices realized for the property epeak well for himand Col. Speakes.A Beautiful Home.If ycu want a beautiful city homewith all modern improvements buy theOverby residence on Seventh street onJune 27. See ad in another column.See the Lion.The only coilar demonstration everheld in the city, see him in the windowwith the big lion.L. WOLLSTEIN.Board of Education Meets.The Board of Education met Thursday night at the public school building.In addition to the routine business,Mrs. Evelyn P. Buck, teacher of artin the school, appeared before theboard and made application to teachdrawing in the High school. The matter was taken under consideration.The application was made in responseto a demand on the part of the patronsthat this branch be extended to thepupils of the High school. The boardis also contemplating the addition of acommercial department to the Highschool curriculum.The Best Freezer.Everyone knows that the "WhiteMountain" freezer is the best on themarket. We want to let you knowthat we sell them.9 4t LAV1N & CONNELL.Parisian Entertained by Royalty.Mr. T. Phillip Terry and his wife,who are traveling through Japan on apleasure trip, were recently invit-d,and accepted the invitation, to anImperial garden party, given bjr DieEmpreor and Empress of Japan, fn thepalace grounds at .Tokyo. Many ofthe nobility were present. The invitations were works of art on beautifulnative cardboad, decorated with agolden chrysanthemum crest and otherinsignia.Mr. and Mrs. Terry were in Parislist summer and were guests of theformer's siters, Misses Margaret andLila Terry.. ' Public Sale.See .advertisement, in anothercoluan of the Ovreby property,tfsftdsome ctty home and thiee beautiful buildin lots. Sale at 2:30 p. .OH June 27. ""4. tHARRIS &-SP&AKES.id Geo. "P. Xpwkm, Avctiojpr.r . :f t t -Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherlandvjsiting in Louisville. 'Mr W. O. Hinton is able to be 'outafter an attack of appendicitis.Miss Ruth Morgan returned Thursday from a visit to London, Ky.f Miss Anna Eads Ped is auite ill.j being threatened with typhoid fever.Miss Leonora Rice, of Winchester,is the guest of Miss Frankie EttaCiark.Mrs. Albert Stone, of Louisville,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. LeoStarke.Mrs. Belle Alexander is visitingher daughter, Mrs. U. J. Howard, inCovington.Mr. Thomas Dedman, of Cynthiana, is visiting his aunt, Mrs. R. B.Jriutchcraft.Mis. Henry Hibler, Sr., is visitingthe family of Mr. R. L. Wilkie atWoodlawn, Ohio.Mrs. P. A. Thompson and childrenhave returned from a visit to relativesat Wyoming, Ohio.Miss Mary Boone, of Winchester,is the guest of Miss Willie Lou Jacobyat her country home.Mr. 8nd Mrs. Harry Linville havetaken board with Mrs. SamanthaWalls in White Addition.Mrs. Julian Howe has returnedfrom a visit to her mother, Mrs. W.G. Sweanngen. at Carthage, O.Mr. Francis Cheek, son fkf Dr. andMrs. F. J. Cheek, of Danville, is theguest of Paris relatives and friends.Bay less and Mrs.Thursday morningY., to spend theMrs. NathanLizzie Walker leftfor Chautauqua, N,summer.Mrs. Rachael Barlow, who has beenthe guest of her sister, M rs. T. T.Teinplin, has returned to her home inRichmond.Miss Hazel Cottingham has returned to London after a week's visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. .Cottingham. Mrs. Henry A. Power has gone toWellsley College, where her daughter.Miss Alleen Power, will be graduatedthis week.Colonel Henry George, of PeweeVa'.ley, arrived Saturday to join Mrs.George, who'is visiting their daughter,Mrs. W. K. Griffith.Miss Belle Horton entertainedyesterday morning at her home in thecountry in honor of her guest, MissAnna Howard, of Maysvile.Mrs. Mason, of Danville, formerlyMis Mary Stuart Prall, of this city,is tne guest of her aunts, Mrs. JohnSttiart and the Misses Williams, onPleasant street.Mr. Sam Woodford, of Roanoke,Va., wno has been on a trip to thePacific coast, is visiting his father,Mr.' Buckner Woodford, Sr. Mr.Woodford reports all the Paris boyswho have located in the West as doingwell.Mr. Reuben JHutchcraft has returned from Harvard College, wherehe took his degree in law. Mr.Hutchcraft will locate in Paris for!the practice of his profession. He hascompletely recovered from his recentillness of appendicitis.Miss Caroline Berry, of HaimltonCollege, Lexington; Miss Anna Berry,of Buford College, Mashville, Tenn.,and Mrs. Louise Berry Bull, now enroute from Florida, will spend thesummer with their sister, Mrs. FrankP. Lowry, on Stoner avenue.Misses Edith and Margaret Shivewill entertain the following houseparty at their home on Duncan avenuefor ten days: Mioses EliazDeth andKatherine Buckner, of Campbellsville,LouispSdnders, of Campbellsville, andSarah Sanders, of Lebanon, all ofwhom arrived Saturday afternoon.Misses Margaret and Mary White, ofCampbellsville, also expected to jointhe party, but were prevented on account of illness.morning, Mrs. H. A. Poweranidaughter. Miss Alleen, lfnen shower";Monday evening, Mrs Johr Davis, dinner party 'Dr. D. S. Henry left yesterdayfor Virignia on a buisness trip.Mrs. Grover Baldwin continuescritically ill from typhoid j&fever.Mr. and Mrs. H. L. M inter, visitedrelatives in Lexington Sunday.Mrs. Mary Ingles ,of Danville, isthe guest of Mrs.Fannie Ingles.Miss Nancy Metzger is visitingrelatives in Oklahoma City, Okla.Mr. P. J. Thompson, of Columbia,S. C, is visiting relatives in Paris.Mr. Hugh Brent returned Saturdayaftsr a week's trip to Buffalo and Niagara. $I A'marriage license was issued Fri;day to Mrs. Maggie McCown and Mr.Ed Owens.Miss Pearl Warren, of Montan, isthe guest of Mrs. Max Metzger on Parrish avenue.Attorney Ray Mann, of Louisville,is visiting his parents. Judge and Mrs.Kussell Mann.Mrs. Albert Hinton is. at the St.Joseph ;Hospital, k Lexington, .takingthe rest cure.Mr. John R. Roohe, of Lexington,was the guest Sunday of his mother,Mrs. Tom Roche.Miss Lillian Collins, of Carlisle,is the guest of Mrs. H. L. Clarke, ofLilleston avenue.Mr. F. P. Kiser is at Marblehead,Mas?.. attending the National GrainDealers Convention,Z Cul. J. W. Prescott and neDhewDr. James Mercer, of Kansas City,are visiting in Paris.Mr. and Mrs. John Sauer and Mr.and Mrs. Chas. Sauer were the guestsof relativesjn Maysville Sunday.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay will entertainwith a linen shower Wednesday morning in honor of Miss Nan Wilson.Dr. Louis Frank and son. Dr.Wallace Frank, of Louisville, werehere Sunday the guests of relatives.The Bourbon Dancing Club 'willentertuin with a dance at Elks' Hallthis evening. Grella's orchestra willfurnish the music. .Mr. Otis Bacon, of Waco, Texas,is visiting his brothers, Messrs. J. W.and W. A. Baccn and sister, MissClara Hacon, in this city.(Acluiiional Personals on Page.S.)DEATHS.y Pure Lea! Lard.- Simon pure leaf lard 'packed by'Armour & Co. The only pure leaf lardmade. Fifteen cents per pound.T. C. LENIHAN,Robneel Grocery.WE DOPlain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines Automobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sam'l Kerslake & Son.iAll the Outdoors AwaitsYourKODAKw HR y-k jB VL ftmm 17 HaKJf 11wkLrPISpecial. -LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.IW. Ed. Tucker.IFEFSCut RateCash SpecialsMiss Helen Desha entertainedwith a lawn party at her home on Alt.Airy Avenue Friday evening. Refreshments of ices and cakes wereserved. Those present were: MissesHelen Desha. Marie Talbott, FrancesClay, Alary Alitchell Clay, Alary BelleWyatt, Ellen Towles, Frances Hancock, Elizabeth Hinton, Anna Wilson,Louise Morrison, of Charleston, W.Va., and Margaret Ardery, Alessrs.Sidney and John Ardery, William Talbott, John Kant Vansant, Jdhn Price,Clarence Barbee, William EstillMoore, Harold Harris, Hiram Roseberry and guest, Mr. Threlkeld, ofNicholasville, Blair Varden, EdwardFithian and Robert Jones and GrahamYoung, of North Middletown.At her elegant country (home onthe Winchester pike Saturday afternoon, Airs. J. Frank Clay entertainedin honor of Miss Edna Earle Hinton.Invitations were .issued to ;a ginghamparty and the guests wore ginghamgowns.The hostess introduced a ratherunique manner o entertainment by'appearingjwith a large try upon whichwere piled squares of pretty pink andwhite muslin. These were distributedamong the guests, whose busy fingerssoon completed enough blocks to makean ohJ-fashioned "nine-patch" quilt,which will be quilted and presented toAlis3 Hinton. A three-course luncheonof substantials, ices and cakes wasserved. The guests present were:Mises Edna Earl Hinton, Mary Woodford, Hachel Wiggine, Leslie Turney,Elizabeth Steele, Mary Fithian Hutcncraft and Martha and Anna ColemanVan Aleter, of Winchester, MesdamesW. O. Hinton, Prewitt Van Meter andBeverly Jouett, of Winchester, C. M.Clay, J. T. Vansant, John Davis,Withers Davis, Samuel Willis, U. A.McMillan, Cltil Turney, Lou Taylor,Wade'Whitley, Virgil Gaitskill. CarlWilmott, White Varden, Harry Clayand WiHiara G. TalbottMiss Edna Eaile Hinton, whosemarriage to Mr. Amos Turney will becelebrated June 23r will be tke guestof honor at severil social functionsthis week. Wednesday mam i ok Mrs.'J. T. Vansant 'will en Ur tain with -abreakfast; Thursday evening' Mrs.Lauii Tsylor, dinin patty; SaturdayMrs. Maiv orav(, siged about 23years, wife of M"r. Kd Giaves, an employe of the I . & N. railroad, diedFriday afternoon about 6 o'clock, attheir home on Vine stteet. Mrs.Graves had been ill with fever, buther death was not expected, and shewas alone when the end came Thefuneral was held at the residence Saturday morning at 10 io'clock Servicesby Elder C. E. Alorgan. The bodywas taken to Livingston for burial.News was received Friday of thedrowning of Air. Henry Hcpsonbpears, a former resident of Paris, inthe Onio River about 15 miles belowLouisville.Air. Spears was a very prominentman. He was the eon of the lateJacob Spears, and his wfe was MissBettie Woodford, daughter of the lateJohn T. Woodford. He was the fatherof Alessrs. Lee Spears, of Paris m Johnbpears, of Chrystal C" y, Texas, andJake Spears, of Kansas City, Alo. Hisonly daughter. Airs. Elizabeth SpearsWard, died several years ago. Airs.Dudley Talbott, of near Los Angeles,Cal., is a sister of Mr. Spears.The remains arrived in, this city yesterday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. The!funeral services will be held at thegrave at 10 o'clock this morninjr, Conducted by Rev. J. M. Maxon, of Versailles. Air. P. L. Malonev died at his residence at Woodburn, Woodford county.c Kodaks $5 to $110Brownie Cameras $1 to $12about 5 o'clock Friday morning after aserious illness of about two weeks.He had been suffering for n number ofmonths, but had kept up wonderfullyand in good spirits.Mr. Maloney was about 60 years old.He had been for a long time one of theoverseers at Woodburn., Air. Maloney was born and raised inBourbon county, and lived for thirtyvears on the Bucknei place on theNorth Middletown pike. When Air.W. E. Simms went to Woodford countyhe engaged Air. Maloney to look afterthe Alexander lands.His wife, Airs. Ella Maloney. andfive children Gertrude, Lena, Nellie,Katherine, Henry and William Alaloney survive him.W. H. Payne, formerly of thiscounty died in Los Angeles. Cal.i June9, as the result of an attack of heaitdisease. The remains were interred atBakersfield, "Cal. The deceased was ason of the late Duvall Payne, whoresided in Bourbon, and with hisbrother, J. C. Payne who survive.lefcthis county about thirty years ago.Mrs. Emily Alexander, aged 65years, died yesterday morning at 11o'clock at her home,: on Houston avenue after a serious illness of about tendays.Mrs. Alexander had erpoyed fairlygood neaitn until aoout a month ago, !, when she became ill, her decline beingrapid and death was the result ofhardening of the arteries.. Before her marriage she was Mist4Emily AlcCabe, of Bath county. Shepossessed many admirable traits' ofcharacter and was an excellent Christian woman.She is survived by hfr husband, Mr.George Alexander, and three sops,Dave, Jesse, and Chas. Alexander, 'allof whom reside in this city. One sister, Airs. Sarruel Kerslake, of Paris,also survives.The burial will take place t theParrs cemetery this afternoon at 3o'clock, with services at the grave byElder Carey E. Morgan "Daisgberf? BrosI::IStar Brand HamsThe Ham That Am,Our Price per Pound15cArgo StarchThe Best Starch Made3 Five Cent Boxes For 10c"iFEE'SII KEEp"cOOlT TlI am exclusive agent for2ucior SPoroA Shadesand JrfamrnoeksI have only a few left and am closing themout at exceptionally low prices.These Goods Are theBest MadejiiiiisrHfiMm mmwm"She cAn'tec him. but he can't see ker"r jr A. gitdojpz&ruKi,n DHAULOEvery Refrigerator Left MustBe Sold!Our Business on Refrigerators has beentremendous, having been compelled torebuy three different times, butA Few Left at Big ReductionsCome inland get a- Lawn Swing, Porch Chair,Porch Swing, orPorch RugI cannot afford to carry them ovenA few folding Lawn Benches 75c. Good one:HBHIH1FOR SALEDouble book case ; a.k ;10 cart. A bargain.1?iJ-ttV...r I'"3i3m -.TOHtrrj -TFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thore 286.Uh MRS.4L?J. T. HINTON" T Bj18tIii'v4V.ncv.VstMifiiiiitiihwmmmmmiMimfrvk?'''B(iaiBCf;uWyS, ; PARjg KENTUCKY, JUHjE 20 ; ll'. tT.4" ' . ' ' i --w-v-lt"v.! . -.,. .- . . Jvjv j-aarea nis wile s Lite.?.f ."My wife would have been in herffrave today," writes O. H, Brown, of;Muscadine, Ala., Mif it had not Keenfor Dr. Kinr'E New Discovery. She. Jn. r .was down in her bed. not" able to get" fVIup without help, one. naa a severebronchial trouble and a dreadfulcouch. I got her a bottle of Dr. Kiner's! New Discovery, and she soon began, i-4?--Hto mend, and was well in a shorttime." Infallible for coughs andcolds, it's the most reliable remedyon earth for desperate lung trouble,hemorrhages, lagrippe. asthma, hayfever, croup and whooping cough.50c, $l. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.30Touring Car $1 ,000r 1,Woman's Influence.For a woman to be wise and at theBame time womanly is to wield a treF. O. B. Dclroitr imendous Influence which may be felts'Ai:- tfnr cnnd in the lives of generations to4; -! come. David Starr Jordan.it.ill i I J II ll ISgg S, mf? p " mmmm V VHHI ' Bi mmmmmmZ Mw? mwmm W B jmmwmmVM 1 X.1 k IsLiByjL y , X. jl x. Mm jL L Jll P-mmm StmW fin FS" A 90 Hi R H Bn mm m EW1 H , J r H w 1 H Hlf H 1 I& W IE a f.j M irLook fer tiiis Sign on Leading GaragefCJ. 'WWwTPr .- ca cannoi know vhat a 00 ftre k fc&suvM yoa try a micneim property innaieaIN STOCK BY qji IBourbon Garage and Supply Co.Corner ot Fourth and High, Paris. Ky.E-npjBOtkmYtmfMrf ILightning Kills Few.In 190G lightning killed only 169 people in this whole country. One'schances of death by lightning are lessthan two in a million. The chanceof death from liver, kidney or stomach trouble is vastly greater, but notif Electric Bitters be used, as RobertMadsen, of West Bcrlington, la.,proved. Four doctors gave him upafter eight months of suffering fromvirulent liver trouble and yellow(jaundice. He was then completelycured by Electric Bitters. They'rethe best stomach, liver, nerve andj kidney remedy and blood purifier onI on-rfVi Onlv FtOn nt. Ohprrlnrfpr'aThey Knewthe Little DearslWith reference to Sir AlmrothWright's opinion that, from a hygienic point of view, washing is anevil, It is interesting to note that children have always shown a wonderfulInstinct in this respoct.Fs" It's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theTveauiet uuiiuiuuns oi every cuuiaie. .niuiguiiiiiieu iiv- ijuriinjr! will not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.it s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.. AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, ILLParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.DR. DOLLEMedicine uverzuiean rracuce uver io irs. mincinnauChronic, Nervous Special DiseasesWALM'T STREET, bet-ween 51 and 6lh Sts.eguUr Graduate In Medicine Over 20 Year' Practice Over 1 8 Yrs. in CincinnatiAuthorized by theSttte to treat allConltatloafree and confidential, personally or by lettere. Charpes low. XERTOBS DE-BPntly cured. Write me today, explaining your diRcape, and 1 will tend my! P9' 6 paces, in which you w:U find information that will beKm 0 fc fc" hCJ CJ IV wor,ll tB ict in jrold to you. Book gent sealed in plainm rapper frt-e by mail or at office..fTMITE TO-DAT TO CCXATI' OLD BELIADLE SPECIAXIST TO MEN.1 n J-'FVE.A. H KELLER.froiessioiiai uarus w practicing physician,Aoom 1J. WTXilTAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L A W .Elks Building., Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, ElkJs Bld'g1'ariB, - KentuckyDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jm,a ( E. T. 334.Residence Home231.Jlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,dentist, Determan,Opposite Frank & Co.BRICKDr. J. M. Lacock, ', CONTRACTORM1.1M. I See me before contracting yourDENTIST, Brick Work.Up SUirs Over Yarden's Drug Store, j REFERENCE:-See Mitchell. ! & Blakemore Building.Prices The Cheapest. !920MainSt. Thones".586.Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucuouslining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed 3rou have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, Deafnessis the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberastored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; ninecases out of ten are caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces"We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byTTfill'c fni-ny-ft I'lirn 5onrl frr rtiffttiLlars free.F. J. CHENEY & CO-r-Toledo,O.Sold by Druggists, 7ucTake Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Improvement on Trolley Cars.Electrical engineers are proposingthat trolley cars be equipped with ballbearings in order to let the cars coastas much as possible and thus reducethe consumption oi energy.Occupation for Women.Two women, maybe more, occupynovel positions In the business worldIn New York. These women are employed by a number of wholesale dressgoods and millinery bouses to entertain women buyers from out of town.They entertain the visHors at dinner.In the theater, and make tho sojourners' stay In New York pleasant. Theexpense, of course, is charged to the,houses employing them. The Individ?ual charges of these women entertainers usually are about one-fourth o!the total expense.E-MrPOWER To go anywhere.RELIABILITY-Noneeverworelout.ECONOMY-Easy on tires and fuel.APPROVEDBy 25,000; owners.Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster Modei;$1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Dloodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Ividney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Dloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentleraen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodlne Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly. Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Vardeo&SooLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden S Son.Druggist,&cHave Stood The Test.Tfettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thetest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tanRussia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. IVTWillams,No more'ticketsgiven on raffle until further noticegJggWWroMggP8gBgglWSReally Hard Luck.Four men were sympathizing wltaeacli other at an uptown hotel, accordIng to the New York Sun. They wereemployees pretty well up on the stafflist and two of them were assistantmanagers. They had indorsed checks jfor acquaintances that they supposed t -wwere all right, and, according to therule, had to make good. "I'm worsestuck than any of you," saiJ the chiefengineer. "The check I got stuck onwas for $114 and tha man who signedIt Is in jail"CHARLES W. HECK,riSUCCESSORS TO50 Per Cent BetterT have used less than one bottle of Cardul," writesMrs. Gertrude Ward, of Rushville, Neb., "and am feelingfifty per cent better than when I began taking it"Before taking Cardui, I had suffered with femaletrouble, for eight years. My greatest trouble was irregularity. I also suffered with severe pains, every month,but now I am greatly improved and will recommend Cardui to all my suffering friends."P CARDUIThe Woman's Tonicv x The rare medicinal herbs of Cardui are imported byfte manufacturers direct from Europe and are not to befound in any other medicine. . mThese ingredients are what give Cardui its supenority,as a female medicine and tonic, aver any other medicine.For over 50 years Cardui has been the favorite woman's medicine. The ladies like it, because it is so easyto take, so gentle, so safe, so reliable nvits results, andthey have with in its curative tonic powers, because ofthe ttonsacids of other ladies it has helped. Try it today.UAcc Mriwr Dept.KceClean.Keep your house and your belongings clean Let the blessed sun, thegreatest physician in the world, getall through you and all about you.Get your full share of the free air ofheaven. "Eat to live and not live toeat," as a sage philosopher of the longago tells us. Keep your house clean JIn which you live and keep the"house" .In which your life livesclean, and all will;be well.H0LLIDAY Sc SETTLEGarriaofi and Repair Shop at Paris. Ky:,V.Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.WASH THAT ITCH AWftY "It is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andI cure to Eczema and other skin dis-eases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn t youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of .a child.If you hav 'not "already tried It, getat least a-lS-cent1 bottle todtfy. W aiurry;jf jMtaat ralitC.For- SfaMtlrf &0feVa&NtEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates- We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost And will show you how you can pay for it After that we want to show you.our complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such avgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber t bVf'q Company,mmJ. !I,5wrw' V,V-jr&&m i t .a - m .mmw9Lmmmmi - s-i .-- im. asf m.-Mm shsaig -u . , m ji4dr mad Mmi stu ' -h J u: -lacorporated-L ..iai&T53aPARISar-KCi?.-J..li..'Y-.1rrAii-wlirlMc.A4BSlI IWmmW mBH 9sV 'mWX M-'"d$ -t3 . " -.JUmt M -M.ii"ifyygrea-: . wm&'. At7t?-WrTc.K' "..-WTHE; BOURBON ; NEWS, jjiqENtUCKY,;. JUNE . 20, 1$11,-.-LAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TRYIt may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that docs not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have score of letters frommothers, and scoffs from -prominentmen saying they arc using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxaFOR SALE.National Cash Register, latest1patern. Will sell chap for cash. ICall phone 728 E. T.t or address'under-'signed. " -FRENCH THOMPSON, i3t oarjs KyI Baldwin racking o,,"TheJModelPackmglPlant,"ResDectfullv solicits vour patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersandMealers.!I BaldwinPackingCo.5 Paris, Kentucky.WALTERjKMPbV"NEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation, in every j;rainirrowinir country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersare: lightness of draft;NOThandiness of operation:MADEdurability of construction; ability to do perfect work in any kindof irrain. accuracy andATRUSTsure work of knottenabsence of neckweiRht and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, anCnow trive it itsmost successfulone a finder thatjYERKES &AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContract ngandBuilding Business.T I have been a builder for the! pasttwenty years, and can handle1 yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FonjnamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 12&-2.W. CHESTERMartin Bros.,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movinganrt Eivery Business.The bst Bigs for hire.Hors Boarded by the Day orMonth. ' . uiW have for hire at reasonableTaUa a first elaw Automobile. - .tive-tonic that docs not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients- invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For 'the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.FOR RENT.our room nouse. large nam anaother outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in the city limits,Apply toir P- WOODS.24 tf or GEO. RASSENF033IIWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work.better work, longer lifeand reduced Tepair billowith less loss of time.BYWe'd like to send oiour free catalog des -cribinjr it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a card'71ut Da4 tnfloir rf'i- fiT-m mmmf m m b j a wYmt" CatalogKENNE Y.FARM FOR SALE.I offer for sale, privately, my farmof 235 acres, located on the Paris andGeorgetown turnpike, about eightmiles from Paris and nine miles fromGeorgetown. This farm is all in grass.Well located in good neighborhood.For further information apply toMRS. MARY IRELAND DAVIS.9 tf Paris, Ky.To Consumers ofWATER:Your attention is called to thefollowing rule:The use of hose is limitedto two hours per day, and inno case to be used between"t"2S22 ifthe hours of 9 p. m. and 5a. m.Many persons are allowing hoseto be run on gardens at night.You will please observe the aboverule, as I will see this is done.For each violation of the aboverule a fine of $2 will be imposed,and if not paid, water will beshut off.Paris Water Co.?. - ' a :; v-Si-fciSvA -0 ITIH I !Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, 'discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FBEECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that, cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies tlie blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.seiids a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.jmmmmmWHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we havo found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can bo relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure otitand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin. ' -1Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of the1most serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our storo today, justtotalk over your case with us. , .G. S. Varden & Son.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixe'dfor holding the Kentucky Fairs for1911 as far as reported. Officers offairs are lequested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown, July 25 o days.Lancaster, July 2(J 3 days.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 2 3 days.Berea, August 33 days.Lexington, August 7 (5 days.Uniontown, August 8 5 days.Taylorsville, August 8 i days:Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabethtown, August 9 i days.Lawrenceburg, Angust 154 days.Leitchfield, August 154 days.Burkesville, August 15 1 days.Brodhead, August 16 3 days.Fern Creek, August 16 3 days.Shepherdsville, August 224 days.London, August 22 I days. 'Hardinsburg. August 22 3 days.Shelbyville, August 22 I days.Liberty, August 233 days.Erlanger, August 23 i das.Germantown, August 24 3 days.Nicholasville, Augast 293 da3Ts. 'Somerset, August 29 4 days. ,Bardstown, August 30 1 days.Franklin, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 46 days.Monticello, September 5 1 days. .Alexandria, September 55 days. ,Mount Olivet, September 5 4 days.Hodgenville, September 53 days.Sanders, September 0 4 days.Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,Saptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 20 4 days,Glasgow, September 27 i days. 'Mayfield, September 27 4 days.. tCirculation of Silver and Gold.For every ton of gold in circulationthere are 15 tons of silver.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of AltamahawN. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. .Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that waathree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous as.a cure and instant relief in Eczamaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlooked;In clearing up rash, pimples, black-heads, and all other minor forms of.skin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D..1?so penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other seri-'ous trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare go carefully compounded' there is4no wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of akin trouble.D. D. J), la pleasant to juse, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate .skin,'and .absolutely reliable. A 25centbottle will sire you nosItTvs Broof of .tb wonderful effe:tiverisyfoY thia,;!A PRISONER'SMESSAGEBy R SANBORNE BROWNECopyright by American Press Association. 1911.John Bounce was a prisoner in acounty jail In the wild west. He hadfoolishly bought a horse for $10 thatwas -worth a hundred, not thinkingthat the seller, being willing to partwith the horse for such a low price,must have stolen it. John was arrested, charged with the theft, convictedand sentenced to serve five years injail.One day the jailer said to John:."I shall see your wife tomorrow.Have you any message for her?".;4Yes," replied John; "tell her to getme out of this."J The jailer looked at his prisoner, surprised. "Do you mean." lit asked, "that youwish her to intercede with the governor to pardon you'""No; I wish ber to tell me how toescape."The jailer looked :it John again, thistime with a melancholy expression.He considered that a man who wouldsend bueh a message by one whosebusiness it would be to thwart anyplan that might be adopted must belosing his mind."All right," be said, humoring thepoor man; "I'll give her your message."The jailer wont the next day to thetown where the woman lived and. having transacted the business, he had todo, went to see her."How is my poor husband?" sheasked at once."Have you the courage to hear somebad news?" Inquired the jailer in lieuof reply."Yes; tell me at once," she askedeagerly."Well, I fear the confinement andthe attendant misfortunes have affected his brain."The woman was very much overcome by this and begged the jailer totell her what had brought him to sucha conclusion, whereupon the lattergave her her husband's message. Assoon as she heard It she set up sucha wail that many of the neighborsrushed'in to know what was the matter. Mrs. Bounce told them that the.imprisonment her husband was suffering for an offense of which he wasInnocent had affected his mind; hehad gone daft. They advised her tosecure the services of a lawyer tohave John brought before a commission to determine the facts. If one ofunsound mind had been convicted aninjustice had been done which shouldbe righted. The prisoner had alwaysbeen much liked in the town, and agreat deal of sympathy was manifested for him. When the jailer leftthem he promised the wife that hewould observe her husband closelyand when he came again would bringher another message that is, if Johnhad any to send.The nest message the jailer broughtMrs. Bounce was: "My jailer thinksme Insane. He never was more mistaken in his life. Wings are nowgrowing ' on my shoulders. By thefirst day of the month they will befully grown, and then I shall fly upthe chimney and return to you and,our children."When Mrs. Bounce received thismessage she wailed louder than ever,declaring that the cruel treatment horhusband was receiving, he being incarcerated In a cell, was making hiscondition worse every day. The jailerassured her that her husband was notIn a cell, but in a room by himself, in.which there was an old fashionedlarge chimney giving fine ventilation.But she refused to be comforted.As soon as the jniler had departedMrs. Bounce went out and bought several ladders, besides fifty feet of stoutrope, and put them In her cellar. Onthe night of the last day of the monthshe bitched the family horse to thewagon, put the ladders and the ropein it and set out for the jail. Shetimed her starting to reach her desti:nation at midnight, and. stopping ashort distance from the building thatstood by itself, she carried the laddersto the wall that surrounded it Tlacingone ladder against the wall, she mounted it. and. selecting another that wouldreach from the wall to the roof of thejail, with the coil of rope on her arm,stie climbed on to the roof and. goingto a large chimney, let one end of therope fall with a thud on the hearthbelow. John, who was on the 'watch,heard it and. seizing it. tied it aroundhis body under his arms. Then, jerking it for a signal, Mrs. Bounce beganto pull.The chimney was not large enoughto enable John to help himself, buthis wife was 'a strong as well as ashrewd woman, and by dint of hardpulling she got him up, and. scrambling to the wall and to the groundoutside, they took the ladders and therppe with them and drove away.The next morning Mrs, Bounce toldthe neighbors that her poor deludedhusband had appeared at home duringthe night, declaring that he had wingson bis shoulders and bad flown up thechimney. They were all very muchpuzzled, but swore that the half wittedfellow should not go back to jail.When the jailer learned what had happened he knew he had been outwitted,but he dare not tell the story to theauthorities. So he made a feint at recapturing John, but was driven off bythe neighbors and finally reported thatIt would be impossible to take the lunatic, back to jail without a large sheriff'ssse. 6o the matter went by default..tad John remained at liberty. .Sit.-w nescuesavio say tnar. nt soonBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of' theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood roison in nvstage permanently, without deadlyiHvuij , vilii puic xuLauieai ingreaents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itchiner humors, swellings, mnnnapatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, taKe is. a. b. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All svmnthnms ViprIquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthv condition, hpni.ing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itchiner. nnrinor th& wnrattase of blood poison. Druggists or by.xoo, 5,1 jcl iaij;e uuuue, witn ai-reuuons ior nohie cure. samplessent free bv writing "Rlnnrl "Raim rvAtlanta, G a. Describe your troubleu"1 "c jueuiuai aavice jnvenSold by Varden & Son.One of the Many Popular'Shapes That We Are Showing..A. moderately priced one, too. fu you ate looking for "TheHat you'll find it in our pres-ten handsome display of smartmiihnery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactory-purchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.i Meet us Fa66 to Face!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high classgoods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suite.Twin Bros.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmAttendmTwin Bros.Big daleNow Going OnTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MaiParis, Kentucky53BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell jour baakpnaieiy or puojiciy, piaca it.wm-- ij.-x nn.it uui rj. j. yimi VOTW,OVER tS YCAIEXPERIENCEDesignCopyrights AcAnrone sendlnz a aketch and deserfvtloaquickly Ascertain onr opinion free whether aminvention is probably patentable. CommMka.lions strictly confidential. HAN0B0M o Pateatssent free. Oldest agency for securiBfr petenta.Patents taken through Munn St Co. recetrstpecial notice, without charge, la theScientific America.A handsomely Illustrated weekly.J srfP69C W-dilation of any scientlllc journal.Terse. S ayc-ir: four months. $L Sold byaU newsdealer.MUNN Co .-,. New YorkBranch Office. fi25 F St. Washing oe.D.C.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thattrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.s4GONEDP0PdoTra the threat of a 'Vapey"chicken destroys the -wonand saves the chick's life. A.fevr drops la the drinkinjr waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESW.-white diarrhoea and other chickdlrcascs. .'"V. -T-One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medietas.Ev-v rKtit-v -??;er should keep a bottl o.us :i:(.diCi-ie on i..nd. A3 ior f.-c.2 booklet o'Diseases of Fow.j."For Sale by W T. Brooks. .c9augB"!liSEEiHisssssssssssaTRADC&m.-yS.1f.(;XT'i.rv!$- Xti! ..;i14f4. tv -ri:,l. i.,..ANVT4t'J!I'( 1if .MARTIN BROS,area sis sanity. -L NIWTON MjraCHBLESl.Swjt.great rssasay. ,- , & aj"4fer BaleJmr W: T.Bma, ;'???&S.v-I? f- ' '- W. i4 Hi czi1- ' .Ji"3h:J&4JS" -' ' 'flffe BOURBON mW, Pi.'V'CKY,. JUNK 20,KfeIF-.' V,"?ri -ADDITIONAL PEISONALS.Rev. Peter Ainslee, of Baltimore,'3ld., who recently conducted a revivalat the Christian church, has been theuet of friends in this city fcr several days.Mrs. Julia Frank, daughter. MissHelen, and son, Dr. Ben Frank, will' Jeave July 1 for New York and fromthere will sail en July 6 for Germany:fur a three months' tour.Hon. E. M. Dickson entertainedFriday evening in honor of Judge L.P. Frye, of Butler, who is prtsiding;at the June term of the Bouibnn Circuit Court, with a six o'clock dinner.Mr. and Mrs. James Ferpuson hads their guests Sunday Mrs. Pig? andMr. and Mrs. Swift Champ on an extended auto ride through the BlueGrass, taking in Nicholasville, CampNelson, Danville, Hatrodsburg,Shakertown, High Bridge and Lexing'ton. T. Porter Smith, of Los Angeles,Cal., is soon to make a trip to Kentucky for a visit to friends. In writing 10 the News he says: "Will; seeyou on August 8, sure. Will leave'California on the fourth and am go;ngto spend six weeks with my oldfriends."MILLERSBURG ITEMS.N Election of Teachers.The annual election ,of county teachers will Le held Saturday. Divisionstwo, three, four, five and Jsix willmeet at the court house.Big Reductions.Big reductions in wall paper atJ. T. HINTON'S.Teachers Examined.The'examination for county teacherswas herd at the office of the tCountySuperintendent, Miss Mabel Robbins,Friday and Saturday. Those who were,successful in the examinations wereMisses Ruth Henry, Alma Rice,Margaret Lenihan, Belle Kiser, MaeAmmerman, Nora Hutson, RobertaGorham, Mary Connolly.Methodist Revival.The revival which has been in progress at the Methodist church for thepast week continues to increase inj interest. Rev. J. L. Clarke, who isi conducting the meeting, preached twoexcellent sermons Sunday. The church,was crowded at the evening service.One of the features of the meeting isthe vocal solos rendered by Miss Harbison. Services are being held eachafternoon at 3 and evening at 7 :45o'clock.Mr. H. Campbell spent Sunday with"Miss Eldiva Sanders at Popular Plains.Mr. John F. Strode, of MayRville,spent Sunday with Miss Nancy Jones.Mr. P. L. Dimmitt left Thursday fora two weeks' sojourn at SwangoSprings.Miss Maria Smith will leave Wednesday for a visit to friends at Paris-sndgLexington.Our furniture clearing sale will closeSaturday night, June 24.J. W. MOCK.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Corrington willleave today for a month's visit to relatives at Atlanta, Ga.Mr. and Mrs. Lafayette Endicott, of' Cynthiana. were guests Friday of hisbrother, Mr. S. H. Endicott.Miss Neely Beeding, of Cincinnati,is the guest of her sistres, Mrs. Elizabeth Stirman and Mrs. S. H. Endicott.Mr. Win. Crouch and family of Little Reck, spent Sunday with Mrs.Crouch's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry.Sheeler.During the storm Saturday nightJightnine struck a tree in the yard ofMr. I. F. Chanslor, badly shocking the"family.Realized Nice Profits.S Last fall Jonas Weil sold to ThomasNicholson, of Clintonville, twentyhead of cattle that averaged 1.072pounjs at 5 1-2 cents and contracted topurropse the cattle in June at 65 centsYestfcday the delivery .was made andthe clttle having been-- Child Suffocated.The three-munthX-old" daughter of.Mr. and Mrs. Louis E. Stahfield, residing on the ' Fithian farm nearEscondida died from suffocation Sunday night.The mother had retired SundaynightjWith the child and another abouteighteen months old. During t thenight it is supposed the older childrolled on top of the infant, resultingin it being I smothered "to death. Theburial will take place at, the Clay burial ground at Escondida.Moves to Fee Property.Mr. Withers Davis moved yesterdayto the Fee property on Pleasant street,which was recently purchased at auction. Mr. A. J. Fee and family moved to the property vacated by Mr. C.O. Hinton. on Pleasant street.Big Reductions.Big reductions in wall paper atJ. T. HINTON'S."MATRIMONIAL. VAfed for abouteight months averaged 1,540 pounds.Mr. Nicholson paid last fall the sumof $1,179.20 ?nd yesterday disposed ofthe twenty head for $2,057, profitingin th transaction to the arrount ofS977mCamp Equipment Arrives.Twenty cars, comprising the campequipment of one of the contractorsengageqd in double tracking the L. &N., passed through Paris Friday forKiserton where the construction .campwill be situated. In a few days fivehundred men will be employed at thiscamp in constructing the new track.One of the concrete abutments ofthe second car bridge has been finished and the other will be completedwithin the next ten days. The roundhouse in the South yards and the yardmaster's office, which have been incourse of construction, are about completed.The marriage of Mr. John IngramBronson, ot Jacksonville, Fla., andMiss Nan Catchings Wilson will takeplace on July 11 in this city.Attention Bookkeepers.Ledgers, journals, day books; caslibooks, blank books; rubber bands,inks, pens, pencils and letter flips, infact everything needed by the bookkeeper. 20 2t ' PARIS BOOK CO.Lightning Strikes Residence.Lightning struck the reisdence ofMr. S. G. Clay Saturday night duringthe heavy storm and set fire to it.Little damage resulted.Fire and Tornado Insurance.tf Thomas & Woodford.Heavy Rain and Wind Storm.This community was visited by aheavy rain and wind storm Saturdaynight. The storm was accompaniedby thunder, lightning and high winds.Early yesterday morning a gentlerain began falling and continued forseveral hours. 5 The precipitation wasgeneral throughout the county and farmers are rejoicing that the drought iabroken. The rain furnished an excellent season for transplanting tobaccoand men were in demand yesterday toassist in setting out the crops.Mmm4"Si,You Get More For Your IMoney!Receive More Liberal Treatment, will be Better Satisfiedwith what you Purchase Here than Elsewhere.We make it a rule to sell Footwear that haveQuality, Style and MeritGoods that you can take an honest pride in possessing and that give goodwearand are splendid bargain values.Special Value Bargains For This Week:Special $12.99LadieslPeek-a-Boo Pumps in Gun Metal,Patent Colt and Velvet. They are ingreat demand now, and are splendid values at the price. Worth $2.50v.iiIIThis is a dainty strapless, high gradeiPump, made on special lasts, thus assuringa smooth, graceful fit. We have them inSatin, Gun Metal and Patent Kid. Theymust be seen to be appreciated. Worth 4Special $2.99Special $1.49Men's Olive Elk Outing Shoes, Elk soleand heels. Worth $2.Men's. $2.50 and $3.00- Oxfords in GunMetal and Patent Colt.Special $1.99Boy's Elk Outing Shoes, the ideal SummerShoe for young men.Special $ 1 .24We are now showing a fine assortment of Ladies' White High ButtonShoes, Smart Pumps, with or withoutstraps. ,WE SAVE YOU MONEYWalk-Over Oxfords will make life'swalk easy for you. We aresole agentsDAN COHEN336 Main Street,Paris, Kentucky;AT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNV W t. z iHarrpw Handle Pierced" Hear!.Death'came to Homer G. Evans, ofHarrison county, in a peculiar mannerSunday morning about 10 :30 o'clock:Evans with a brother, had takenshelter from the rain in the' barn of J.H. Webb, near Ruddles Mills.Climbing up to look at some tobaccoand losing his balance fell a distanceof about nine feet. In his descent hestruck the handle of a harrow, breaking it, the sharp point breakingthrough the tenth rib and piercing hisheart, death resulting almost instantly.' -Evans, who was about 25 ypars ofage, was married and is survived byhis wife and a little daughter aboutthree years old. They lived about sixmiles West of Cynthiana on the Cynthiana and Republican pike, and hadcome Saturday afternoon for a visit tothe family of John H. Webb, in thiscounty.Coroner" Rudolph Davis was summoned and held an inqust over thebody. -"Happy" to Take Leave.G. D. "Happy" Howell, ,who forseveral weeks has been conducting asale of pianos for the Jas. J. McCourtCo., in this city, will take his leave ofParis next J hursday, and depart forBlueHelds, W. Va.Quring his stay in Paris "Happy"has made a very favorable impressionand a host of friends who regret verymuch to see him go. Beside beingan excellent piano salesman and general all-round good fellow he is a baseball fan from the old school and sayshis everlasting regret will be that hedid not see Paris trounce the Colts inLexington Sunday. He was a regularattendant at the games here and hispresence will be greatly missed by thelocal fan?.Change in Positions.Mr. Wm. Cooper, who has been inthe employ of the L. & N. at the localfreight office has been appointed general delivery clerk at the Paris postoffice to fill the vacancy made by theremoval of Miss Annie Clay, who hasheld the office for several years. Theappointment went into effect yesterday. S. L. Ewalt will succeed Mr.Cooper at the freight office.PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen Furniture.1 Our I inp ti fprliriGf Sil.-lver is Very Complete. IJust the thing for!wedding gifts. Iz riiviiivii3in i nis jI The "House of Quality" only car- II ries the very best in Solid Silver IJ and we can give you anything Jfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.nri U r r i j- rm - -" . mm mmmrmrmBoth Phones.-- - M&?TS??i?J?J?!?J?!i??ftj?i?.&Special SaleHaving disposed of my residence, Iwirf, on the premises, in East Paris,Wednesday, June 28lh, 1911,"at 10 oe'lock a. m., sell my household and kitchen furniture, consistingof pne'dining room set, bed room set,one handsome new brass bed, featherbeds, one old-fashioned chest of drawers, druggets, one fine Jersey milchcuwand many other articles.C F. DID LAKE.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.OF, .IIP Class Dmneiwaieiv17 1 !! 1 . .1 . 'ror one wecK we win snow at greatly reduced"T prices the latest patterns and decorations of Havi- &land and other French manufacturers, with or 2T without initial or monogram. To those interested& ina handsome dinner or tea set, we would advise 'them "To take a look." 4FORD & CO.See Window Display.$.- i"I 444kn44if4Hiii(i4ijn ?$XImp!mTam4(0)(0)m$Did you read our last ad about it?You should read it, because it toldhow you can save some moneyif you have any Furniture to buy.It's many a day since suchFurniture was sold in this townat anything like the prices.It will likely be 'Ynany a daybefore it happens again.If there's a thing at all that youneed, come during the next 15 daysReally you can't afford to stayaway.Read this list:Carpets, .Rugs,Lace Curtains,Cook Stoves,Ranges,Furniture..totototoThe New Better Value StoreC. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.p&iCorner 8th and Main, "Robneel" Building,V4!v (.1'ovin lLixrnuwwVjtS ' f-r-.w".":r r ", ... rr1vL"A'',ftA ... 3 - j L - Jti.- fci .& ,;A-?.iZ fc .-S(r'-'.jtis.;"."'.,