;THE BOURBON NEWS.-w "- gwi',rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARJ5r . " n riMJMB3BLVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1911MwIEXTRAiSPFfllAI FOR1 One Lot of $15. $25 and $35Suits to Close Out atSIMON DEPARTMENT STOREPans, KentuckymimmBmm&rammmmmmmmmiJki. ,.....v.w.'k..'.'.....,r..,...... .k..... .w W 1 n 1 Sf Everyday specialsW AtASm1itsI'ftLenltian's 6asn Groeeru !15 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.003 bars Lenox Soap 10c9 Bars Lenox Soap .:... u..... 25c3 Boxes Argo Stanch 10cPure Hog Lard, per lb. 12cOld Homney, per lb ;. 2 l-2cNew Kraut, per lb .7. 4cNew Prunes, per lb 10c3 packages Mother's Oats 25cUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75Fresh Fish Every Friday and Saturday.9wVv.T. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,IwBigamy Charge Against Solicilor.Mrs. W. L. Myers, of Chicago, 111.,aged about 23 years, 'appeared beforeJudge Denis Dundon in the countycourt yesterday afternoon and askedthat a warrant be issued against herhusband, Wm. Myers, a picture agent,who has his headquarters in this city,alleging bigamy. Mrs. Myers in company with her sister, Mrs. U. A.Baeumer, came to this city in quest ofher husband who, she alleges, desertedher four years ago, only to find himmarried to another woman.According to tha statement of Mrs.Myers, who was formerly Miss Hyden,she was married to Myers, whose homeat that time was in Burdette, N. Y.,at Effington, 111., where she residedabout six years ago. A short timeafterwards they moved to Chicagowhere they lived for two years whenMyers deserted her and until a fewweeks ago she knew nothing of hiswhereabouts.Myers has been employed by aChicago firm taking orders for enlarged pictures and has been operating intnis and surrounding towns for sometime. Previous to coming to Paris hehad his headquarters in Lexington.When wife No. 1 made her appearanceyesterday an investigation conductedby the officials revealed the fact thatMyers was united in marriage onNovember 7, 1911, to Miss MadelineThomas, of this city, by Elder J. T.Sharrard.Mrs. Myers said the" first information she had of the location of herhusband was gained in Chicago whenshe learned that he was employed as asolicitor for the Mclntrye Art Co y ofthat city, and it was through this fiimshe learned ;,that be was located inLexington. According to her story shewrote to him at that point, receivingno reply and her letter was not returned. A short time after she addresseda post card to Myers who had beenbearding with Mrs. Thomas Dudley inLexington.Myers took wife No. 2 to Lexingtonwith him following the second marriage and the couple spent three weeksat the home of Mrs. Dudley. Departing they left behind them a threeweeks bill for board. At about thistime the post card addressed to Myerscoming from hi wife in Chicago wasreceived at his former boarding house'and Mrs. Dudley directed a reply towife No. 1, stating hat Myers wasagain married and gave his address inthis city.Upon receiving this informaton Mrs.Myers came to this city. The warrantagainst Myers was issued and placedin the hands of Deputy Sheriff ErnestMartin, who went to the home of Myers en West Seventh street to placehim under arrest, but evidently hearing of th presence or his hrst wite inthe city Myers had faken histlnpartufeand up to a late hour last night badnot been apprehended.Suit Cases and HandbagsIn all leathers at alljprices.J. W. DAVIS & CO.f3"WE KNOW HOW"Tf1 17 Y)ay3wJJill ChristmasBegin Now to Do YourShopping,W &nA f QnL?- Vm fllCi-o r- 17-.4lu. Dmaj.L JKy tv Cic al 11 LO ivi IdUlOl, UlUtllCl OUUSweetheart Any One of the Following ArticlesWill Make an Appropriate Gift: .wBath Robes, -SmokingJackets,Hand Bags,Suit Cases,Traveling Sets,Umbrellas,fancy Vests,Collar Bags,Silk Hosiery,Neckties,Combination Set Handkerchiefs and Ties,Leather Comb, Sets of Handk. and Sox,Silk Socks in Xmas Boxes,Linen Handkerchiefs in Leather Cases. &Kid Gloves, $Silk Mufflers.Christmas Box Given Free With All Neckties.4? Stetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, GuaranteedJPatentLeather Shoes for Men. Look us up.iHlw&mmmsmmmmmmmiMmmmmmm-k-rt?ri5,irTT.-,Tirv-TT TZ-v7rT-i Ti-virTMU-v.7rMU-vf TrTis vT'urwTTTAVJFTuvi7jrL.vwiTu&NitV&R&R&TJtifc' V$15S?mm3&&trjmmviFur CapsFor Boys5 $1.00, $1.50, $2.00, $2.50 BTURKEYS.Last day for receivingwill be Wednesday, Dec. 13.Will pay highest marketprice.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.!VlifrHcil Rt Rlnkpmnrp.: ' im uETsccers co ivien t-'aris, frventucKy m$)M111s3Ka2Ua3U ;(IMUfJf.'iWV.'tISUttf C ?f 3A. &.tEOimii i! inn f i-Pn.riixi3iio-i 'ti iiiiii iiiiiiii iiiiiiii iiiiiiiiii iiiiu iiiiji iriiiiiiiuiiiiiii iiiiii Lii iii iiuMiiiiiiiniiJiuniininiix.jDon't Forget Date.Don't forget the sale of the Estesproperty December 19. 1911.RELIGIOUS.&mWBT3M.m?mmkKLm-4Men's Fur Caps& ivicn's rur Laos mmW, $2.00, $3.50, $5.00, $6,00 115$ &km WszsiAll Kinds, of Gloves ;m-SPiKKWove in Gray and Brown.OUTING FLANNEL NIGHT ROBES,Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inhis pulpit at the Christian church Sunday morning and evening at. the usualhours.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis puplit Sunday morning and evening at the Baptist church. His subjectfor the morning discourse will be "ADissatisfied Pen Dweller," and atnight will preach from the subject"Model Citizenship."TURKEYS.Last day for receivingwill be Wednesday, Dec, 13.Will pay highest marketprice.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.ch Iri i5trFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Desirable Property.One of the most desirable smalltracts of well improved land in Bourbon county just outside the city limitsof Paris will be offered the public whenthe Estes property on Cypress streetwill be sold at auction on December19, 1911, at 2 o'clock.MATRIMONIALmm4iHim50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50IPGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.Clothiers9'&mmwmmmmMiss Grace Ingram, daughter ojMr. Park Ingram, of Cynthiana, andMr. Russell Grinnell, of that city,formerly of Paris, were married atthe home of the bride in that cityyesterday afternoon. They came toParis last night for a visit to thegroom's relatives.Mr. Joseph Austin, of this countr,and Mrs. Mary Patterson, of Lexington, were united in marriage Wednesday evening at eight o'clock at theresidence of the officiating minsterElder Mark Collis in Lexington. p.The announcement or the marriagecame in the nature of a surprise to thefriends of the contracting parties andthe wedding was the culmination of aromance which began while the groomwas a college student and the bride aschool girl. Mr. Austin resides on theBethlehem pike near this city and isonev of tJourbon's most substantialfarmers. ,XBig Suit & Cloak Sale!EXTRAORDINARY VALUES.100 SUITSChoice $10 EachFOR LADIES' AND MISSES'Sold Formerly up to $20 This Season's Goods.Ladies' Misses' and Children's CloaksAll Reduced in Price.Dresses that Formerly Sold at $15 to $18,f Now $10.00TOYLANDOur Stock of Toys is now ready for inspection. Come andbring the children. r AH are welcome. In addition toujour line ofToys, oua stock of goods suitable for Christrnae Presentsfor ail the grown folks is augmented by uiany newjand strikingnevelties. Come in and take a look. You are always welcome.!it) zSf'Frank & Co.Paris,' - . - Kentucky1$liintif iiumiLniHi nuniMiu ,;:iiiimm iniiimmmmiiiiimmm niimiiiiMiiiujtuiniiiinmiiii iniiiin-iuf ni-ifiFuu nn5i AfKt"V,. eakTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 8, 1911ALL THE COMFORTS QftjftDME.THE BOURBON NEWSFads for Weak Womenwill not ie Jfjurs unless uyouliars a parlor sfove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have' alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand att. -active and really betterheat makers than the ugliestjld stove you ever saw. Prettiuess costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.Nine-tenths of all the "Sickness of women is due to some derangement- or disBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.ease of the organs distincdy feminine. Such sickness can be cured is curedevery day byDr, Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionIt Makes Weak Women Strong,Sick Women Well.It acts directly on the organs affected and is at the same time a general resjtora-tive tonic for the whole system. It cures female complaint right in the privacyof home. It makes unnecessary the disagreeable questioning, examinations and!local treatment so universally insisted upon by doctors, and so abhorrent to.SWFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Po2$oiiicti as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1 88 30 Years of Continuous Publicationevery modest woman.We shall not particularize here as to the symptoms ofthose peculiar affections incident to women, but thosewanting full information as to their symptoms andmeans of positive cure are referred to the People's Common Sense Medical Adviser 1008 pages, newly revisedand up-to-date Edition, sent free on receipt of 21 onecent stamps to cover cost of mailing only; or, in clothbinding for 31 stamps.Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.LOWRY & TALBOTTiVVLvCtVB'4;ii1ourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Felephone No. 4.ourboLhS 'I H vIrs9Paris, KentuckySjfli .r.ssr. :?z vtrn'mZm njU'n' iro -r'tm'twin mn! 'SVlr'iTii mii H'mJi TinyoycWins Fight for Life.It was a long and bloody battle forlife that fas waged by J. B. Mersho.iof JSewark, N J., of which he writes"I had lost much blood from lunghemorrhages and was very weak andr.Sn down. T?or eight months 1 wasunable to work. Death seemed toclose on my heels, when I beganthree weeks ago to use Dr King'sNew Discovery. But it has helped megreatly. It ia doing all that you claim."iter weak,sore lungs.obstinate coughsstubborn colds, hoarseness, lagrippe,asthma, hay fever or any throat orlung trouble its supreme. 50c and $LTrial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer, Guarding an Impression."Why doesn't that Parisian play-rlfet Accept those challenges?" "He'sia a predicament. He is a tragic au-th-or aa4 can't afford tn lf th nnKBloodineMSHSIV )We Know-iff JfffBPrfT P'FtHE 0REATEST REMEDY!Is mfi'JL TS50RLD S&?" BolTTHEareEOFAu 1W DISEASES ARISINGreOJl ! tIMPURE BLOQiy " i w1 IT GIVES NEW LIFE AKD BI STRENGTH TO ELDERLY. . I PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN. I JHfc&&- I AND TENDER BOYS AND I?t-v 1 J rlJJ? I CmSm rj curt 4 ao-t cAuhttU il bk1 cw..!Kia:ror.uvER.4BiAD. ; Sl. jl DERDCCASES.CATa2TP.hu i f g! W ASTHMA. RHEUMVTIJM. Iji JJMl COUT. LA GRIPPE. CQf. A lg' M SUMPTION. DYSPiTS'A. fJif 0Hi CONSTCATIOH. HEART J'iA DSEASE. MALAP.lA. gjZL JM NERVOUS DEEOiTY, IjRi fIBA ST V!TUSSAKCtc itivlil I ' IJttiFbloodIne coTSlf TlMr t ecsTOK. kasj. - KlJ' VI KEWTOac. B3RUC. , I k BtTVVJfW. J K0NTRAt-, U I 1 As. y fT.'C.. '"' I &riJ0"r"r'fr '"0r T..WLaundrywifOffice 0p. Postoffice,ftA P rficsilar Service ForF soParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.SI?MrLaundrybloodine:T Regain Your Streagtti1 - and Energy.Roper? of tho He?c3 Physlclaa Ifia Loading New York Hospital$ on the CtEsro ox Catarrh.i "A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured tenpercent, of the case3 of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than GO per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of tho Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladderand Urctha, Catarrh of the large intestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, j?elvia.Catarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andCJatarrli of the Stomach are quicklytissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by tho Catarrhalgerms."- Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing: food medicine, composed ofyvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. .."Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden pain.temporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease.; "Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE; To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents in aitwyer or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodist: CorpobaItoit, Boston, Mass.V. T. Brooks, Agent.A Dreadful Woundfrom a knife, gun, tin can, rusty nail,fireworks ov of any other nature demands prompt attention with Bucklen's,Arnica Salve to pievent bloodpoison or gangrene. It's the quickest surest healer for all such woundsas also for burns, boils, sores, skineruptions, eczema, chapped hands,coins or piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Truth or Repose.God offers to every man his choicebetween truth and repose. Ralph WaJdo Emerson.Work Will Soon Start.after you take Dr. King's New LifePills and you'll quickly enjoy theirfine results. Constipation and indigestion vanish and fine appetite returns.They regulate stomach, liver andONE YEAR,$S.OO.Payable inInvestigation Will Proeed.Having struck a trail leading to thpfront door of the house of John D.Rockefeller and other trails ending atthe doorsteps of other milhonare trustmagnates, the steel trust investigating committee of the House of Representatives has been summarily commanded by Wall street to bring itsprobe to a halt.The Stanley committee is in pussesann of evidence ""sufficient to convictthe steel trust of obtaining rebates orperferential divisions of rates whichamount to rebates, from the railroadsamounting to millions of dollars. Theevidence has net become public for thereason that the committee has not hadtime to reach in public hearings thisfeature of the trust's wrongdoings."This investigation must be stopped," is the command that went outof Wall street several weeks ago."Set up the plea that the investigationought not to proceed because Mr.Wickersham has already started a suitasginst the corporation." The steeltrust attorneys carried the ultimatumto the committe ein Washington.Bu- ohairman Stanley srands firm tora continuation ot tne investigation."If," says Mr. Stanley, "the steelcorporation has not violated the law,then it will welcome this opportunityto demonstrate its obedience to thelaw in advance of a litigation whichwill take years to determine, and if ithas violated the law it will use all itspower and all its immense wealth tosilence a committee which can neitherbe cajolsd, deceived nor corrupted."Speaker Clark Urges Harmony."Get together and stay together."This is the advice Speaker ChampClark said he would give to the Democrats of every community in the landif he had the opportuity. Ho addedthat it was the only instructions thatit would be necessary for the rank andfile of the Democracy to follow to insure a great national victory in 1912."Of course," said Mr. Clark, "I amtaking it for granted that the tariff isto be the chief issue. No doubt t"heenemy would like to sidetrackissue, but we must not permit ittheforan instant."Mr. Clark had just arrived at theCapitol City preparatory to openingthe first regular session of che Sijstysecond Congress, and discussed thepolitical situation optimistically andat considerable length."Looking back at the recent elections," said Mr, Clark, "they demonstrated two things; one that the peopleendorse our tariff record withoutdoubt; two, that wherever T we areunited we can win."After the Democrats in" Congresshave gotten together and made such fasplendid record f 3r solidarity it wouldbe a shame and a calamity to Jose in1912 by reason of petty, factionalfights of a local nature."I believe 7as firmly as that mustdie some day2that we can win in 1 1912,but to do so there must be no factionalfighting anywhere among Democrats.Consequently hope that Democratswill forget their local differences, and-present a united front. Now is thetime for them to get together and staytogether. The moral of the bundle oftsicks is as forcible today as whenAesop first wrote it, 'in unity there isstrength,' ard in this case, victory."Chinese Business Methods.Most of the Chinese businesshouses are now owned by partnerships, and most partnerships are of alarge number of persons. The Chinesewho has saved $100 local currency"will at once invest it in a mercantilebusiness and become a partner.State Treasurer's Report,The following is a statement of.condition of the State Treasury atthetheclose of business on November 29:Balance in sinking fund, $44,657.14.Balance in school fund, 177,099.1.Balance in General expenditure fund,192.706.6i;Balance in treasury, $414,462 tf2.Outstanding warrants,' $1,780,469.74.The amount of outstanding warrantsis in round numbers $100,000 less thanDecebmer 1, 1910, and the balance inthe treasury is $100,0000 more tranDecember 1. 1910.!!;Wi:i2$1.00Kentucky Leads in TobaccoAcreage.In taking the thirteenth census ofthe tobacco crop the Government Census Bureau found the following factsof interest to Kentckians:That in 1909 as in 1899, which yearwas used for purposes of comparison,Kentucy led the Union in amount ofacreage, quantity of production andvalue.That ECentuckOy's crop 'rose in valuefrom $1,541,982 in 1899 to 336,868,753in 1909, an increase of $21,326,771, or115 per cent.That Kentucky's acreage rose in'exte from 384,805 in 1899 to 469,795 in1909, an increase of 84,990, or 21.1 percnt."That Kentucky's production in pound!rose from 314,288,050 in 1899 to 398,482,301 in 1909, an increase of 84,194,251 or 26.8 per cent. The total valueof the crop in the United States in1909 was $104,302,856, as comparedwith $56,987,902 in 3899, an increase of$47,314,954. or 83 psr centAs in 1899 North Carolina and Virginia rank second and third in 1909 toKentucky in acreage, production andvalue. Their statistics for 1909 follow:3 North Carolina Acreage, 221,890;production, 138,813,163; value $13,847,559. V i r i g n i a Acreage, 185,9793, 90 ;value, $12,199,086.After these the states of Ohio,Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Wisconsin,South Carolina. Maryland and Indianahold highest rank. But Kentucky isfar ahead of them all.Holds That tie Has Jurisdiction.County Judge R. C. Hieatt at Frankfort overruled the demurrer of the defendant in the case of the Commonwealth by, etc., against the L. & N.rairload, and by overruling tht demurrer, holds that he has jurisdiction ofthe suit. The suit ?as brought by theState Revenue Agent for taxes onabout $10,000,000 a year for about fiveyears. The petition alleges that therailroad in making its annual report tothe State Auditor, on which the franchise tax valuation is based, made incorrect statements as to the amountjjfmileage in this state.The petition claims that the annualreport to the board of directors of thecompany shows the actual mileage andincome, and the difference between thereport made to the directors of thecompany shows the actual mileage ardincome, and the difference betweenthe report made to the directors andthe rpaort made to the Auidtor amountsabout $10,000,000 each year for thepast live years. The case will beheard on its merits at a later date tobe fixed by the Judge after conferringwith the attorneys.Desired the Dog to Desist.Judge Stevens had a slight hesitation in his speech, but that afflictiondid not prevent his using long words.One morning his dog Snip got into afight with another dog. Tapping himwitn ma cane, Judge Stevens exclaimed : "D-d-d-dis-con-Mtt-lnue I "Success. ."OhI You Kid."vruou tue average Doy insists on aspotless collar every day one may beiure that he Is leaving his childhoodbehind and that the responsibilities oflife have begun.Finland Appeals to Tourist.Finland, with its thousand lakes, .Isnow considered attractive enough tobe on the general tourist's listD FiGTItiExperiences o! Paris CitizensAre Easily Proven to be Facts.The most superficial investigationwill prove that the following .statement from a reisdent of Paris is true.Read it and compare evidence fromParis people with testimony of strangers living so far away you cannot investigate the facts of the cas. Manymore citizens ot Paris will endorseDnan's Kidney Pills.Mrs. J. W. Huffman 115 North Mainstreet, Paris,1 Ky., says: "I gladlycorroborate the public statement Igave in 1905 in which I made the factknwon that I had used Doan's KidneyPills with satisfactroy results. I hadsharp pains across ray back and kidneys and at times was so miserablethat I could hardly attend to my workHeadaches and dizzy spells were alsocommon. Doan's Kidney pills removed all these sympthoms of disorderedkidneys and I have never had a returnattack."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the narae--Doan's andtake no other.SIX MONTHSAdvanceFASTS ANGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAIMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.S2SefaSS'386s5SS3SS3SSQiS2SD5saThe Best is noneI and make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.rSa5Q&s(23XS(&r:)fe42S5)East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Miilersburg, North ;MidrJ!etowaf Little? Rock anRuddles Mills. v"When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WIIililAMS,m ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildiner.Dr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jD . , E. T. 334.Residence Home 334.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpSbairsiOverXVarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, IRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold.rbaths.Everything neatjjand clean. ' Politebarbers alvays ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.BloodiliQ A. Cross, 516 Glasgow 'r(1PAa Street. Portsmouth, va.ou i Says: "My WifeKnevmatism Has used Bloodlna forRheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds It givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good.'VW. T. Brooks, Agent.' Why Green Is Used.Green was the color selected forbanknotes because that color cannotbe photographed. T1too good for you.Fruit and Shade Trees.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Peonies?,Roses, Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard,Lawn and Garden. No agenta.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. b HILLENMEYER & SON?.3 oct 2m Lexnigton. KyFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.MRS. EblZABETH C. ROGERS.Hmmj.nj.NEWINTERNATIONALDICTIONARYTHE MERRIAM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceux an Buiaonisuye UDrary.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in &single book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page,400,000 Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this mostremarkable single volume."Write for samplepages, full particularS etc.M"ame thispaper andwo willsend freea set ofPocketMaps.&C.lfK7iaeWmKJaWm 'exBs,SHyimfkxvSA oJhkt TtBm !l3BBBlc3HBBiBB.fe. It TSJilWG1. 4k wr-tviorreiicn qu5. 25c Mberderfer'g.mmLj-jmmmmSpringfield, Maw.DEC. 8, I91JLHONOR ROLLsromnrwrnwiseb PrintingOf Paris City. School for Month ofNovember Total of 1,043 Enrolled White School, 699;Colored School, 344.Ihalfpricesale!.jWORK DONEWHENPROMSEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap. Work Done Good!-.mm..TRE JQB RBOffiS OFTHE -BHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, -havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon new;1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00. I,:-&iAdvertising rates reasonable "andrmadeknown on application.To be able to make a good report isalways a pleasure, and we have neverhad more encouraging facts on whichto base a monthly report of our mostexcellent schools than we have for thethird month of the 1911-12 term.The enrollment in the the whiteschool is 699 and in the colored 244making a total of 1043. The averagedaily attendance in the white school is585 and in the colored 289 or a total of874, of these 464 were neither absentnor tardy. The work being done bythe pupils is of a high class. Especialeffort is being made, not so much toput facts into the minds of the pupils,as to teach them how to get facts frombooks, periodicals, etc., and the worldabout them, and above all to teach themto loveknowledge and to arouse in theman ambition to do and be something"worth while." This, the greatestthing that can be done for children, isbeing done better than ever before inour schools.Every department is successful andthe colored school seems to be takingon new life and getting down to realbusiness under the management of theambitious and efficient Principal, F. M.Wood. Two hundred and eight are onthe "Honor Roll" and almost as manymore missed it by a fraction only.Abundance of fresh air constantlypouring into the rooms through thehot radiators, the respect and kindnessshown the pupils by the teachers andvariel and interesting programs keepthe pupils haupy in their work.HONOR ROLL.GRADE I-B.Virginia Cahal, 90; Elizabeth Henry,90; Margaret Hill. 92; Elizabeth Lilieston, 92; Thelma Payne, 91, JennieRoberts, 90; Hazel Shelton, 90; Elizabeth Taylor, 90; Christine Thomas, 92;Ruth Wheeler. 90; Katherine Woodward, 92, Leonard Fronk. 90; JamesHarris, 90; -Keller Larkin, 90; EddieMunich, 90.GRADE I-A.Thomas Hill, 90; Paul Thompson, 90;Evans Hiatt, 93; Edward Paton, 93;Florence Hedges, 93; Virginia Hancock, 95; Ethel Day, 90; Mary FrancesBurns, 93; Mary Martin Adcock, 93;Nannette Arkle, 91; Mary Feeback,93; Sallie Steagall, 91.GRADE II-B.Emmaleen Kearns, 92; Frances McCarty, 93; Henry Scott Clay, 94; NancyB. Wilson, 94; Charlie Padgett, 94;Elizabeth Johnson, 92; Ann Rutherford Duncan. 93; Eva Chappell, 93;Mary Masterson, 90.GRADE II-A.Hazel Myers, 93; Herbert Myers, 92;Elmer Burnett, 91; Isabelle Atlas 90;Hilda Taylor. 90; Joseph Crawford, 90.GRADE III-B.Herman Tully, 90; Virginia Dundon,93; Hazel Arnold, 90. Dorothy Harris,92; John James, 91; William Forman,90; James McClintock, 92; Virgil Mann,90; Rankin Mastin, 95.GRADE III-AGeraldine Herrin, 94; James Arnsparger, 93; Julius Herrick, 93; SidneyLinville, 92; Verna Turpin, 92; PearlieRitchie, 92; Myrtle Day. 92; VirginiaThompson, 92; Collins Hall, 91; Raymond Stamler, 91; Harold Harp, 1)1;Irene Culbertson, 90; Elizabeth Wheeler, 90; Lola May Wilburn, 90: Robt.Hall, 90; Elmer Newman, 90.GRADE 1V-B.Elizabeth Snapp, 91; Lutie Crowe,92; Mattie A. Wesselman, Q2; BessieLee Snapp, 93; Lena Snapp 90.GRADE IV-A.Virginia Cook 96; Christine McCord 94;Helen Rippetoe, 94; Agnes Turner, 94;Dorothy Tingle, 93; A. T. Rice, 93;Oliver McCormick, 92; CharlotteHenry, 90; Clara Hartlev, 90; EuniceGifford, 90; Bessie Gifford, 90.GRADE V-B.Herman Hennegan, 90, Samuel Mastin, 94; William Mclntyre, 90; JamesParker, 90.GRADE V-A'.59cShirt Waists in all sizes, all colors, newest designs, ancl"latest styles,Regular value $1.25 ?. . . 7 . X, . .Heather bloom Petticoats in all black, ". '. . , "k. Qftregular value $2 .&v.. .-. . A. ... ." . -T?fef7? OOGV-, " v , "V "Silk and Massaline Petticoats in all colors, tf ; fl4 , jg"regular values -'v . .$. . .". m firJSilk Waists in all colors, all sizes, latest styles, A g pregular values 9iiMHCrSkirts in All-Wool, all leading colors and new mixtures and Corduroy 5 CEVelvet, worth 9li3. 5iiCaracal Coats in genuine Caracal, lined throughout, mJF CL. ffregular value $20' p HOw BSuits in All-Wool Serge, lined with guaranteed Satin, all colors, fi! Kall sizes, regular value $20 p J jRCoats in All-Wool Broadcloth and and new Mannish Mixture Cloth 0 flregular value S20 JPlush Coats, lined throughout with guaranteed Satin in genuine M ESilk Plush, regular value $25 u JJALTFRATIONS FREE. n.BOMBIncorporatedCO.,Corner 5th and Main Both Phones 129Martha Settle, 96; Richard Sterling,91; Ida M. Anderson, 90; Madge Taylor,96; Lucille Godman. 95; Ada Myers.93;Hattie Neal, 92; Ethel McCabe, 92;Helen Cain, 90; Mattie King, 1)1; Stanley Richard, 93; Preston Bales, 92;Sara Traylor, 90; Doyle Day, 94.GRADE YI-B 'Edna Snapp, 92; Vernita Baldwin, 92.John Brannon, 92; Elizabeth Clarke,91; Fannie Heller, 95; Turney Clay, 93;Eleanor Lytle, 93; Blanche Chapman,91; Harold'Hufnagle, 91; Virginia Dotson, 92; Stella Price, 94; John Clay, 94;Elise Varden, 94; Leonard Tully, 90;Harold Ewalt, 90; Thomas McClintock,90; Annie Laurie Witherspoon, 92;Maude Taylor, 98.GRADE VI-A.Elizabeth Best, 95; Luther Bishop,95; Emma Burley, 93; Bertha Chism,93; Amy Rairden, 92; Forrest Letton,92; Edith Harper, 90; Gray Elrod, 90.GRADE VII-B.Pearl Brown, 94; Gertrude Lusk, 94;Bessie O'Neil. 93; Ethel Harper, 93;Edith Bobbitt, 91.GRADE VII-A.-Elizabeth Hall, 94; John Talbott, 93;' Minnie Kiser, 93; Elizabeth Horton, 92;Hattie Hughes, 92; Mary Kearns, 92;Stanley Penn, 91; Fithian Arkle, 91;' Nannie Marshall Cooper, 90".1 Conditioned: Charlena Ball, 93;' Alice Rogtrs Clay. 90.GRADE VIII.William Mastin. 94; Lawrence Lawn,92; Sarah Thompson, 9J; Vella Mastin, ,97; Marian Alexander, 90; Robert Link,91; Lmis Atlas. !0; Elizabeth Kenney,90; Linden TempJin, 94; Thornton'! Connell, 95; Mauiice Clark, 92; Lan-'drum Payne, 92; Emmett Curtis, 90;Stuart Wulliniford, 93; Barnett Win-'ters, 93; Hazel Morris, 90; MarianCram, 90: Marion Douglass, 93. 'DEPARTMENT OF ART.SSS&JtMBiSKAAsr- Conditions: Attendance, Neatness and Accuracy. Earl Dickerson, WallaceKiser and Miss Dennie Kennedy.COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT.Ruth Chambers, 90; Wayne Cottingham, 90; Hazel Duvall, 97; Eli Friedman, 93; Edna Keller, 91; EdwardMyall, 96; Melvina Sharon 97; Gertrude Turpin. 97; Sello Wollstein, 98;Margaret Buchanan, 98; Earl Curtis,92.FRESHMEN.Elizabeth Brown, 90; MargueriteDouglass, 92; Drusie Frakes, 94; Charles Spears, 93; Robert Mitchell. 93;Raymond Link, 90; Grace McCord, 96;Mayme Williams, 92; Gertrude Sheer,94; Elizabeth Renick, 93; MargaretMinogue, 94; Katherine Kenney, 92;Hester Penn. 94; Alease Heller, 91;Ellen Henrv. 93: John Burns, 93 ; Rob-! ert Adair. 91; Allen Smith, 93; Denniet Kennedv, 91; Mary Brooks, 90; ChnsI tine Bramblette, 90; Lina Crowe, 90;j Edward McShane, 93; Frank Wilcox,93; Joseph Lynch, 9d.SOPHOMORES.Coleman Reniok, 91; Wayne Cottingham, 96; James Horton, 91; EdnaKeller, 93; Malvina Sharon, 90; JosephLetcher, 94; Edward Myall, 9S; EliFriedman, 93; Ruth Chambers, 92;Matilda James, 90: Hazel Duvall, 97;Beatrice Chapman, 93; Sello Wollstein,93.JUNIORS.G. C. Thompson, 94; Earl Dickerson,97; Lawrence Price. 90; Olive Taul. 91;Clarence Harney, 96; Clara Chambers,95; Duke Brown, 97.SENIORS.Merritt Slizer. 97; Elsie Heller, 98.VA Charming Womanis one v ho is lovclv in f-.ee, form,mind and temper But its hi.rd for awomon to be charming without ntalth.A weak, sickly woman will be nevous and irritable. Constipation andkidney poisons t-how in pimples,blotches, skin eruptions and a wretched complexion. But Electric Bittersalways prove a a godsend to womenwho waut health, beauty and friends.They regulate stomach Jiver and kidneys, purify the blood, give strongnerves, bright eyes, pure breath,smooth, velvety "skin, lovely complexion and perfect health. Try them.50c at Obciv.orter's.Catarrh Cannot be Cured.with local applications as they cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a blood or constitutional disease, and in order to cure it-you musttake internal remedies. HalPs Catarrh Cure is taken internally and actscurectiy on uie Dioocl and mucous sursurfaces. HalPs Catarrh Cure is notj a quack medicine. It was prescribed! by one of the leading phjsicians ini this country for years and is a regular prescription, "it is composed of the( best tonics known, combined withthe best blood purifiers, acting directly on the mucous surfaces. The peri feet combination of the two ingredlients is what produces such wonderi ful results in curing catarrh. Sendj for testimonials free.I F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,i Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, price 75c.' Take HalPs Family Pills for Constipation.Reached by Telephone Number.A man in the island of" Capri didnot know the address of his friend inNew York, but he knew his telephonenumber to be "S00 R East. NewYork." So he sent a registered package to th;s address and it was promptly delivered.J Rus in Urbe.A Springfield, Mo., man, describinghis experience in New York, says: "Igot on street cars two or three different times and told the conductors thenames of friends along the line thatI wanted to visit, and blame me ifthey could tell me where any of themlived!" Kansas City Times.?3rmAre Yon a Woman 74fc TAKETOfir arm nn mm w miBS IE 3Mj Vh JB IB Jm Bft J!ft ,iiiiiiiUiJG1 ?.&irI.Trwr JC2THE BOURBON NEWS, '. PARISH KENTUCKY, DEC." 8, 1911'jMII?iy lri f-?The- East Tennessee Phone 288HipiiNiiJijiSHIRE & FITHIAN,Houseof QualityHome Phone 1 30Give her a Brass Bed It willsurely please her We havemany styles to select from.Dining Room SetsNever before have we beenmore complete with our Dining Tables, Chairs, BufettChina Closets and ServingTables as we are this Xmas.And what could you get thatwould please the wife andfamify more than a DiningRoom Suit?KitcMMrs. Reid's Catchy Prm,Much interest is being manifestedin the beautiful Delsarte entretainment to be given at the Oprca HouseWednesday evening, December 13.Over one hundred of our most talentedand interesting young people are drilling for it and there will not be a dullor monotonous moment from the initial rising of the curtain on the GrecianDrill by twentv-four beautiful youngladies to its final fall on the "GuessWhat?" by a like number of our bestyoung men, who will appear figuratively speaking, "diked out to kill,"in the lingerie of their sisters orsweethearts and present the lateststyles for the city belles. The youngladies in their "Dude Drill," will display the fashions for nobby, up todate gentlemen, high hats, dresscoats and white skirts. Twenty younggirls in the "Garden of Roses" drilland pantomime will be a thing ofbeauty and joy forever.Fifty bright children in their gesture Song, Drills and Working Songwill present a most charming andbeautiful living picture, while childishinnocence .will revoke much amusement. This entertainment will please anyaudience that is capable of recognizingand appreciating a good thing whenseen. It is worth double the price ofadmission.Thmi mill V,a nnniotnrl K. ,, .. F .best musical talent of Paiic slso. You j ,rtheuicannot afford to miss it. S ats arenow on sale at Mitchell & Blacmore's.Get yours reserved at once. The housewill be crowded.Bottled in Bond.All the leading brand3 of bottled irrbond whisky.1 at JOHN JOHNSON.Don't Throw Money Away.Don't throw your money away entrash for Chtistmas presents. Go toJ. T. Hinton's and get somethingpleasing, useful and ornamental.Bond Forfeited.The case of the Commonwealth vs.Frank Taylor was called in the ClarkCircuit Court Wednesday and the defendant failed to put in his appearance. His bond of $1,500 was forfeited. Taylor is charged with killingJohn Delaney, of Bourbon, at the logging camp of Alvin Hicks in Clarkcounty last January. He passedthrough Paris Wednesday night enroute to Winchester to answer to thecharge, being a day late.Eastern Star Elects Officers.Th election of officers for the Orderof the Eastern Star, held at the regular meeting of the chapter Tuesdayevening, resulted as follows: Mrs.Sallie McMillan, Worthy Matron; Mrs.Everett Peterson. Assistant Matron ;M. H. H. Davis, Worthy Patron; Mrs.Roy Clendenin, Conductor; Mrs FrankBrayn, Associate Conductor; MissSythie Kern, secretary ; Mrs. M. H.Dailey, treasurer.Mrs. Clara Henrich. of Louisville,the Grand Wortny Matron of theState, will visit the Paris ChapterSaturday, and will be given a reception Saturday evening at the MasonicHall. The local chapter meets thefirst and third Tuesday in each month.A. F. WHEELER & CO.SllCStlOnS That are typical of the new Christmas Spirit, the giving of Presents that makes added Comfortand Beauty for the Home.' Cabinet:A HOOSIER KITCHEN CABINETWill save your wife so many wearysteps, And what could you give yourwife that she would like better than aCabinet.Hoosier Cabinet $25.00Other Cabinets $16 to $25.00Now a Suggestion ForThe Man..A Morris Chair, lA Mission Table, "1Large Rocker,A Shaving Stand,Chifforobe,A Leather Couch,A Turkish Rocker.Catholics to Eat Meat Tttby.For the first time in the history ofthe Catholic chuicb, outside of Christmas day, communicaats will be permitted today to eat meat. This announcement was made Sunday following a communication from Pope Piusin which it was stated that in honor ofthe Imaculate Conception, Friday, ofthis week would be declared a feastday, according to the Roman Catholicritual, and members of the faith permitted to indulge in flesh.Make Nice Gifts.Collar bags, silk mufflers and leathertraveling sets attf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Toy Annex.Don't fail to visit the Toy Annex upstairs at the National Five and TenCent Store. Everything in dolls andhigh grade toys, games and everything for Christmas. ttGood Cheap Whisky.Three year old Wigglesworth Whiskyat $2 per gallon.1 3t JOHN JOHNSON.Get a Hoosier.Get your wife a Hoosier Cabinet atA. F. Wne-ltr & Co.'s for a ChristamsPainfully Scalded.Mrs. Charles Clendenin was painfully scalded at her home on Secondstreet Tuesday morning. She was attending to her morning duties in thekicthen and accidentally tilted a vessel of boiling water from the stove,the contents going over her hands andbody, causing very painful injuries,and she is still suffering, though isresting as comfortably as could be expected.Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. liinton.non - uniontfGood Cheap Whiskey.Three year old Wigglesworth Whiskyat $2 per gallon.1 3tJOHN JOHNSON.Rubber Boots.GetBoots17 tfyourGum Shoes and RubberatFELD'S SHOE STORE.Trains Through . Covington Tunnel.Louisville & Nashville train servicethrough the tunnel in South Covingtonwas resumed yesterday. About aweek ago the timbers in the tunnelgave way and a cave-in resulted whichmade it necessary for all trains to bedetoured by way ofNewport. AU.trainshave been delayed as a result of thecave-in, but the timbers have been replaced by heavier ones and trains arenow running through the tunnel withsafety. The work of reconstructingthe tunnel is progressing rapidly andwill be turned over to the road February 1. Work on the new tunnel atGrant's Bend, which is being constructed for the double track is progressing nicely.ROCKERS.Our line of Rockers forXmas presants are here andthe prices are right. Everypiece of Furniture is markedin plain figures, so you canwait on yourself. Rockers$1.25 up to $40No. 6333.. REPORT OF CONDITION OFFirst National M&AT PARIS, KY.In the State of Kentucky, at the close,of business Dee. 5, 1911.RESOURCES.Loans and Discounts $432,283 36tU. S. Bonds to secure cirOverdrafts secured and un- v .secured OCfeculation 100,000 00,U. S. Bonds to secure U. S.deposits 6,000 00vOther Real Estate Owned . . 5,750 0ODue from National Banks(not reserve agents) 3,291 47JDue from State and privatebanks and bankers, trustcompanies and savingsbanks 8,614 40:Due from approved reserveagents 21,955-69Checks and other cash items 10,659 85jNotes of other NationalBanksFractional paper currencynickels and cents610- 00.171 07Lawful Money Reservedin Bank, viz:Specie , .-22,258 00Legal-tender nores 5,000 0027,258 00'Redemption fund with U. S.Treasurer (5 per cent, ofcirculation) . 5,000 00Due from LT. S. Treasurer-. 2 50Total 621,596 34LIABILITIES.Capital stock paid in 3100,000 00Surplus fund 60,000 00Undivided profits, less expenses and taxes paid .. 5,488 65National Bank Notes outstanding 100,000 00Due to other National Banks 00Due to State and PrivateBanks and Bankers -00Individual deposits subjectto check 332,823 79Time certificates of deposit- 20,995 58United States deposits .1,360 50Bills payable, including certificates of deposit formoney borrowedReserved for taxes00927 82Total 621,596 34State of Kentucky, County of Bourbon, ss: I, Jas. McClure, Cashier ofthe above named bank, do solemnlyswear that the above statement is trueto the best of my knowledge and belief. JAS. McCLURE. Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before methis 7th day of Dec, 1911.GRACE DONALDSON,Notary Public.Correct Attest: Clifton Arnsparger,M. R. Jacobv, R. B. Hutchcraft,Directors.Good Cheap Whisky.Three year old Wigglewsorth Whiskyat S2 per gallon.1 3c JOHN JOHNSON.Both Phones.Local and long distance. Open nightstill 12. Mann's Billiard Hall. tf eottF - r . I.UK- rL'i' ' -'- -if-Ji.-l Hi. - vjz&shJ Vk.StA&iM.: J.K-i . i-eiU 5SM3J-'"Soi siSfiit - Tg""fmmmHHimmBHHMK" V i- - " '0--t ---... 5.t A -W1'-"f X"V":VS'.-' V rf.2 -.:ft..V -- bTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKY, EGMi8f '1-911.J. T. HINTON !&mx -ck J.X?ome Outfitter-Buy Something Useful and Ornamental.ockiog Hanging TimeIs Right on You. Now is the Timeall Times to select yourChristinas Presents.Seethe good things we are offering. Something for EVERYmember of the family and not a trashy piece in thewhole stock.Contrary to UsualChristmas CustomOur Prices are Lower for Christman than Any Other Time.You can afford to get something Handsome, Useful, Curable and Ornamental for your Christmas Presents if youBuy Them HereI ill V"-,'There is Absolutely on Present fora Man that Equals aC HAIR !No Matter What the Size of YourPurse we have the Very Kind ofDINING ROOM FURNITUREYou want. Do you know of any thing that makes more desirable and suitable Christmas present than nice Dining RoomFurniture? We have all kinds.We show the Streit, the Royal Plush Button andThe SItlfTlJbcr Now, this is the kind of present that lasts for years and is a constant reminder of the giver. Prices range from $8.50 to $35Then there are the CfarfTorofoes for the, men. When a man has a Chifforobehe has a place to keep everything together. He don't have to scatter his belongings allover the house. Also see our Shaving Stands, Smoking Sets and Desks and OfficeFurniture.A Pew Presents, WorthMENTIONINGDressing Tables, Brass Costumers, Dressers,Folding Beds, Ladies' Desks, Brass Jardiniers,Music Cabinets, Rocking Chairs, Mirrors,Umbrella Holders, Pictures, Lamps,Piano Benches, Comforts, Blankets,Work Tables, Work Baskets, Hat Racks,Hall Seats, All at Very Low Prices.tjcn i 1 1 1 1 - -"T?Ljt11We Are Especially Strong onLADIES' DESKSTo see one is to want to give one to somebody for aChristmas Present. These vary inPrice From $4.50 to $40.One of the Greatest Conveniences and Room Savers ofmodern times is theDesk Table.It is not a freak, but comes in styles just as handsome, tastyand desirable as the regular styles. They are really worksof art. In all finishes Golden Oak, Mahogany, Early EnglishOne of the chief delights of a good houseife is a KITCHFN CABINET. We show a line unexcelled in price and quality. Consider the steps they save. Iook into their sanitary qualities. They pay for themselves and area constant joy to the wife. I guarantee to SAVE) YOU MONEY on any KITCHEN CABINET.Do not forget that DAVENPORTS not only beautify your home, but are a source of CONSTANT COMFORT and that here you find only the BEST MAKES, including THE STREIT, THE DAVENO, THE PUIylvMAN andTHE KINDEI. Prices most reasonable. Reserve yours now. Delivered when ,desired. 'No home is complete without PITCURES and there is nothing at all that is more suitable for a present. Our prices are much lower than others and assortment larger.We have no trarh for the Children, but we have some desirable goods in DOIvI CARTS and BEDS, CHAIRS, TOY BOXES, ROCKERS, GO-CARTS, TOY SWEEPERS, MORRIS CHAIRS.J. T. H1INTOIN, PARIS, KY., The Home Outfitter.1 - - w k Mtari p r n ft- 'ii wii a. -v j i- '. t-m rr- ttm m, ik . mi - -- i i t r tat. mh nvi - '?-: w 7. t ts'xtsf i '.i w6?!4 jSf 3i wm m m msh - h: 'i ..ksotwb kk. httfccasei kSMIHKftaX, -- tm-m 'MmmMfWI'i Bfci -EfT r " L I ST3aKrglfMUrclMlB ; JJSyS t4U UhIW mm ''It II m yrSfmXmyyl91oBcrt)ickftrsection koiding20 or more volumes lor atoui ikeprice orone vjiiitook.Thats Worth CohsidershglImmmmMlmimxai0mj Viiii 111 linn11i. f."Cardui Cured Me"For nearly ten years, at different times, Mrs. Mary Jinksof Treadway, Tenn., suffered with womanly troubles. Shesays: "At last, I took down and thought I would die. Icould not sleep. I couldn't eat I had pains all over. Thedoctors gave me up. I read that Cardui had helped somany, and I began to take it, and it cured me. Carduisaved my life! Now, I can do anything."VARDU I Woman's TonicIf you are weak, tired, worn-out, or suffer from any ofthe pains peculiar to weak women, such as headache,backache, dragging-down feelings, pains in arm, side, hipor limbs, and other symptoms of womanly trouble, youshould try Cardui, the woman's tonic. Prepared from perfectly harmless, vegetable ingredients, Cardui is the bestremedy for you to use, as it can do you nothing but good.It contains no dangerous drugs. It has no bad after-effects.Ask your druggist. He sells and recommends Cardui.Wrifpfn? Ladles Advisory DeoL. Chattanooira Medicine Co.. Chattanooca. Term..lor Special Instructions, and 64-page book,?!nHM?Our new Fall line in alljjleathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.M'WillGL. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT OCT. 3, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.TrainsNo.FROM54 Atlanta, Ga., Daily"134 Lexington, Ky., Daily29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except7 .Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r 7.10 itowiana, iiy., Daily .Except Sunday . 740 Lexington, Ky , Daily Except bundaj' . . 837 Cincinnati, O., Duily 93 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 1012 Lexington, Ky,, Daily33 Cincinnati, O., Daily .-.-. 10:26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12,25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 39 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . .3138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily ..... J 3,38 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily5 Maysville, Ky. , Daily39 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5,30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 58 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 632 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ". . .614 Lexington, Ky., Daily v. 1031 Cincinnati, O., Daily .7 10TrainsNo.4,294010137373313363625TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5MayBville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . .'5.Lejdngton, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Cincinnati, O., Daily Ex -wi Sunday 8.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday &Lexington, Ky., Daily .-7 9Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .....9Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ....'.'..'..'..'. .10,Lexington, Ky., Daily V. ... ."f. ... .'.'.'.'.10Maj'sville, K., Daily .12Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday "........... ......10Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday a.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily : 39 Rowland. Kv.. Daily Exceot Sundav """"!""". s'Lexington, Ky. . Daily Excr pt Sunday J:............ 5Cincinnati, O., Daily "a32813903113Maysville, Ky,, Daily Except Sunday- rf ejLrtsimgum, jsy,, uany ...... Jr. '6Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ." ".."... ' 6Lexington, K.t Daily 1 4 10Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10iTm & fi unit r- - -- -. - .j - w..r IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveXo, FROMZ Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda : 8 13 amI Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " " '340 Dm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday '.'." '5.50 fm1 Lottisyille & Frankfort, Sunday Only rlO.OO pmTrairis Depait"Jfo, TO " - ,Xl Frankfort k Louisville Sundav Only ,,, ,,.,, 7.10 am7 Frankfort k Loniaville, Daily Except Sunday , ."7.43 am1 F ankforb, Ky., Dally.Except Sunday -.; e :.9.53 am$ Fiaokfod:r Xji DflyxJ3.xcspt &uj!day . . . . . . , 7rt??fe ,.,..,.. .5.52 am" -""Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 54For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Arrivey, 5, ." 521 am18 am.35 amSunday .' 738 amoo am12 am.50 am,2U am10.lo am,24 am.00 am,10 pm,15 pm34 nm3.5.,25 pm I,40 rm47 pm.03 am05 pm.45 nm:50 pmjID e -pa,r t.2 1 am.3o -am.47 am.20 am.20 am.o7 am.55 am.24 am.27 am.05 pm iu am.84 pm.4o pm.52 pm.57 pm.10 pm1.15 pm.10 pm.25 pm,55 pm.57 pmL!rn- j - jl -grm rrm m riTHE BOURBON NEWS, ; PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC.8l911.Constant Supply of Gas,Near the Caspian sea there are fissures in the earth from which naturalgas Is perpetually emitted. In somecases this gas has been ignited andhas burned for ages.Doctors' Privileges.In the year 1513 the city of Londoncontained only thirteen surgeons anddoctors all told. They were exemptfrom serving on juries and from bearing arms In time of war.Good In Skyscrapers."These skyscrapers are a great convenience," said the man who is engrossed In business. "In what way?""When your doctor orders you to ahigher altitude, all you have to do isto take the elevator."One Sacred Spot.I have a room wherein no one enters save myself alone. There sits ablessed memory on a throne; theremy life centers. Christian C. Rossetti. California Trees for Egypt.Fruit trees from California will beplanted In Egypt by an English company which has secured a large tractof land with a view to engaging in thefruit-growing industry on an extensivescale.Man's Period of Foolishness.Of all literary compositions the loveletters of men contain the maximumof twaddle and the minimum of sense.The only explanation is that everyman in love tries to become a poetDay Trip to St Louis.Bylleaving Paris oh L. r& N. train8:20 a.m., direct connection is madewith the fB. &. O. S-W. fast; trainleaving 'Cincinnati 12 o'clock noondaily, arriving St. Louis at eighto'clock same evening. This train carries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction."Parlor cars, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSt. Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines.; Other B. & 'mO. S-W.St. Louis fast'truins leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. m., 9 a. m. and 9:15 p.m. daily except Sunday. Night trainshave electric lighted sleeping carswith individual berth lights. For information as to fares and other particulars consult'your lo:al ticket agenor addressS. T. SEELY,T. P. A, B. & O. S-W. R. R., '513 Traction Bldg.,'Cincinnati, Ohio.JRnnk Langborn(MMMiManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUMICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374FOR SALE.Between four hundred and five hundred barrels of corn in shock. Forparticulars inquiie of Earl Ferguson,E. T. Phone, Lexington, or Wm. Kenney Ferguson, E. T. Phcne, Paris. 3tCATARRH1Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches o general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B- B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free-medical advicegiven. Sole by Yarden & Son.WnapaiTalVnnscmasVJlt7 oHE original causeof the trouble wasabout twentyyears in growing.At the end ofthat time it wasworth it.Had you livedanywhere within50 miles of Sundown ranch youwould have heardof it. It possessed a quantity ofjet black hair, apair of extremelyfrank, deep browneyes and a laughthat rippled acrossthe prairie likethe sound of a hidden brook. The nameof it was Rosita McMullen; and shewas the daughter of old man McMullen of the Sundown sheep ranch.There came riding on red roansteeds or, to be more explicit, on apaint and a flea-bitten sorrel twowooers. One was Madison Lane andthe other was the Frio Kid. But atthat time they did not call him theFrio Kid, for he had not earned thehonors of special nomenclature. Hisname was simply Johnny McRoy.It must not be supposed that thesetwo were the sum of the agreeableRosita's admirers. The bronchos of adozen others champed their bits atthe long hitching rack of the Simdown ranch. Many were the sheeps'eyes that were cast in those savannasthat did not belong to the flocks ofDan McMullen. But of all the cavaliers Madison Lane and Johnny McRoy galloped far ahead, whereforethey are to be chronicled.Madison Lane, a young cattlemanfrom the Nueces country, won therace. He and Rosita were married oneChristmas day. Armed, hilarious, vociferous, magnanimous, the cowmenand the sheepmen, laying aside theirhereditary hatred, joined forces tocelebrate the occasion.But while the wedding feast was atits liveliest there descended upon itJohnny McRoy, bitten by jealousy,like one possessed."I'll give you a Christmas present,"he yelled, shrilly, at the door, with his.45 in his hand. Even then he hadsome reputation as an offhand shot.His first bullet cut a neat underbitin Madison Lane's right ear. The barrel of his gun moved an inch. Thenext shot would have been the bride's,had not Carson, a sheepman, possessed a mind with triggers somewhat well oiled and in repair. Theguns of the wedding party had beenhung, in their belts, upon nails in thewall when they sat at table, asfi concession to good taste. But Carson,with great promptness, hurled hisplate of roast venison and frijoles atMcRoy, spoiling his aim. The secondbullet, then, only shattered the white 'petals of a Spanish dagger flower sus- 'pended two feet above Rosita's head. 'The guests spurned their chairsand jumped for their weapons. Itwas considered an improper act toshoot the bride and groom at a wedding. In about six seconds there weretwenty or so bullets due to be whiz-1 zing in the direction of Mr. McRoy."I'll shoot better next time." yelledJohnny; "and there'll be a next time." jHe backed rapidly out the door.The cattlemen swept out upon him,calling for vengeance.But the sortie failed in its vengeance. McRoy was on his horse andaway, shouting back curses andthreats as he galloped into the concealing chaparral.That night was the birthnight ofthe Frio Kid. He became the "badman" of that portion of the state. Therejection of his suit by Miss McMullen turned him to a dangerous man.When officers went after him for theshooting of Carson, he killed two ofthem, and entered upon the life of anoutlaw. When he was. at last shotand' killed by a little one-armed Mexican who was nearly dead himselffrom fright, the Frio Kid had thedeaths of 18 men on his head.Many tales are told along the border of his impudent courage anddaring. But he was not one of thebreed of desperadoes who have seasons of generosity and even of softness. They say he never had mercyon the object of his anger. Yet atthis and every Chrlstmastlde it iswell to give each'one credit, if it canbe done, for whatever speck of goodhe may have possessed. If the FrioKid ever did a kindly act or felt athrob of generosity in his heart it wasonce at such a time and season, andthis is the way it happened:One December in the Frio countryrode the Frio Kid and his Satelliteand co-murderer, Mexican Frank. TheKid reined in his mustang, and sat inMs saddle, thoughtful and grim, withdangerously narrowing eyes."I don't know what I been thinkingabout, Mex," he remarked in his usualmild drawl, "to have forgot all about anCZZs1S7a.Christmas present I got to give. I'mgoing to ride over tomorrow night andshoot Madison Lane in his own house.He got my girl Rosita would havehad me if he hadn't cut into the game.I wonder why I happened to overlookit up to now?""Ah, shucks, Kid," said Mexican,"don't talk foolishness. You know youcan't get within a mile of Mad Lane'shouse tomorrow night. I see old manAllen day before yesterday, and hesays Mad is going to have Christmasdoings at his house. You rememberhow you shot up the festivities whenMad was married, and about thethreats you made? Don't you suppose Mad Lane'll kind of keep his eyeopen for a certain Mr. Kid? Youplumb make me tired, Kid, with suchremarks.""I'm going," repeated the Frio Kid,without heat, "to go to Madison Lane'sChristmas doings, and kill him. Iought to have done it a long timeago.""There's other ways of committingsuicide," advised Mexican. "Why don'tyou go and surrender to the sheriff?""I'll get him," said the Kid.Christmas eve fell as balmy asApril. Perhaps there was a hint offar-away frostlness in the air, but ittingled like seltzer, perfumed faintlywith late prairie blossoms and themesquite grass.When night came the five or sixrooms of the ranch house were brightly lit. In one room was a Christmastree, for the Lanes had a boy of three,and a dozen or more guests were expected from the nearer ranches.The guests had arrived In buckboards and on horseback, and weremaking themselves comfortable Inside.The evening went along pleasantly,The guests enjoyed and praised Rosita's excellent supper, and afterwardthe men scattered In groups about therooms or on the broad "gallery,"smoking and chatting.The Christmas tree, of course, delighted the youngsters, and above allwere they pleased when Santa Claushimself in magnificent white beard andfurs appeared and began to distributethe toys."It's my papa," announced BillySampson, aged six.Berkly, a sheepman, an old friend ofLane, stopped Rosita as she was passing by him on the gallery,"Well, Mrs. Lane," said he, "I suppose by this Christmas you've gottenover being afraid of that fellow Me8a r"Oh, Thank You I"Roy, haven't you? Madison and I havetalked about it, you know.""Very nearly," said Rosita, smiling,"but I am still nervous sometimes. Ishall never forget that awful timewhen he came so near killing us.""He's the most cold-hearted villainin the world," said Berkly. "The citlaens all along the border ought to turnout and hunt him down-like a wolf.""He has committed awful crimes,"said Rosita, "but I don't know. Ithink there is a spot of good somewhere in everybody. He was not always bad that I know."Rosita turned into the hallway between the rooms. Santa Claus, in muffling whiskers and furs, was just coming through."I heard what you said through thewindow, Mrs. Lane," he said. "I wasjust going down in my pocket for aChristmas present for your husband.But I've left one for you, instead. It'sIn the room to your right.""Oh, thank you, kind Santa Claus,"said Rosita, brightly.Rosita went Into the room, whileeanta Claus stepped into the coolerair of the yard.She found no one In the room butMadison."Where is my present that Santasaid he left for me in here?" sheasked."Haven't seen anything in the wayof a present," said her husband, laughing, "unless he could have meant me."The next day Gabriel Radd, theforeman of the X O ranch, droppedInto the post office at Loma Alta."Well, the Frio Kid's got his doseof lead at last," ke remarked to thepostmaster."That so? How'd it happen?""One of old Sanchez's Mexicansheep herders did It think of it! theFrio Kid killed by a sheep herder!The Greaser saw him riding alongpast his camp about twelve o'clocklast night, and was so skeered that heup with a Winchester and if vi.have it. Funniest part of it was thatthe Kidvwas dressed all up with whiteAngora-skin wkiskers and a regularSanty Claus rig-out from head to footThink ofhe Frio KI phuyiag Saatyl"(Copyright, I91r by Rl. Kfttecw.)-4i Ilt SUrtlei the WtrliL-when the astounding -claima werefirst made for Bucklen's Arnica Salvebut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them true, and averywhere it is now known as the bestsalve on earth for bnrns,boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings,-eczema, chapped hands, fevei'sores and piles. Only 23c at Oberdorfer's. Scotch Dog's Business ! nit 1 net 4Left one night on Wagonfirlmountain with 3,086 .sheep by thedeath of John Sagoday. her masterone female shepherd dog two weekslater delivered to Manuel -Saundersr,owner of the sheep, 3,085 of the anfmals, having lost only one during twoweeks of privation. The dog'sachievement was carried out despitethe fact that she was the mother ofpuppies only a few Jays old when hermaster died. From Our Dumb Antmals.Electrify the Pupils.They are using electricity in prfmary school education in Stockholm.Just how it is used does not appear,but we are told that the "classroom 13subjected to electricity." And records are being kept to ascertain whether the electrically trained youngstersacquire the three Rs with greater pr&cision and dispatch than those that arebeing brought up on sunlight, commonsense and the rod.Education and Caste Prejudice.It was thought that the educationof Ceylonese on Western lines hadweaned thorn from caste, class andracial prejudices. That was a merofancy. In the case of the Occidentaleducational does not obliterate suchantipathies of his. What reason wasthere, then, for believing thi a similar education would cure the Oriental? Ceylon MaiLAdvantage of Concrete Buildings.It has been shown in practice thatconcrete buildings require less artificial light than those of slow burningmill construction. This Is owing tothe reflection of light from the whitewalls and ceilings and columns andalso to the fact that it Is possible tosupply buildings of this character with'greater window area.Dead From a Thorn Thrust.A thorn of her favorite rose puncturing her finger while she stretchedforth her hand to pluck It for a friend'3bouquet, caused the death of Mis3Susan Reichart at fcreenport, N. Y.Several doctors united in trying tocure the blood poisoning that resultedfrom the piercing wound, but theisefforts were unavailing.!A Turtle Story.While excavating for a cellar a fewdays ago at Bloomfield. N. J., theworkmen came upon the skeleton -oia horse and two live turtles eight feetunderground. The place was formerIj a mill pond, and was filled in withdirt in 1850. It is supposed the horsawas in the pond at the tin;e of thefilling and that the turtles consumedthe flesh of the animal.A New Industry."Signed up as yet?" Inquired ActorYorick Hamm."Not yet," responded Actor Hamlett Fatt"Then how do you eat?""I'm a professional bohemlan at abohemlan restaurant."Effort That Is Foolish. JMany splendid natures have beenmade absolute cyphers by their effortsto become something they were nevl&fi lIntended to be.1 '' Their Hiding Place.t Some of the prettiest romances willremain unwritten, because they aresafely locked up In the breasts of. ,angelic old maids. ""1 7 First Requisite. ,.JOne of the first characteristics ne( cessary to a woman that she may?j hand on her influence Is that she shtlfj be willing and glad to be herself. .BloodlneOintmentCuresEczemaItching and BleedingPiles, Psoriasis, SaltRheum, Pimples, Rashes, Dandruff andFall-ing nair.Airs. H. W. Allen. Gaffney, S C. says: "I havused Bloodlne Ointment tor Eczema and fed Ita most effective remedy."l W. T. Brooks, AgentNEW - BARBER SModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDFORSA1XYcllrtw ,! ...t..- . . 1.I Buy your swd now and save coithfwinter stoiage. For parlicularsJ11inmmf 1 kn1T-sSfegagl- ..ffxA,'1Au nui jjuj w- . w.jr.. ."..fc36XV - -JM?!sjmm5jrJBIiBdKHPnr PrE?jHIHPr 'SEMMfriK. iHHHftllHHfVIIfT. IB:9kJ-c SfSBP': am. (: HI:'hIHBb 1ShKHK v iMHEJRBTCP'-rTTBT FKBrTTEilr fe BHHlHHBJHHr 1BBK;-MJP--- . --s; lsr r!Srg ., j" x " S- 3.; - - - v .i - . v - v ; ; j1 ".; , " z -J1 1ztAvtfr&z&Xfr- ?w?-sSv?i;s .-,-:'-rC'i'(Vs-?-" -' j'j-i'-K'"?- .'ii "iv.- Ifit HS:-:&i:':j W m I l "v I - - . iI p Lsseiioai -to Lomrorti JpiiK ' -- Perfection - $-Vs5 I Ir?fortable in your home, no matter what the weather withoutThe Perfection gives a strong, widespread heat, and gives itquickly. It is always ready for use and burns nine hours on a singlefilling no more trouble than a lamp. It can be carried anywhere ;no pipes, no wires, no flues; no smoke, odor or dirt.The hetter that gives complete satisfaction.This year's Perfection is finished in either blue enamel or plain steel ; nickeltrimmings; light and ornamental, yet strong and durable as can be made. All partseasily cleaned. Automatic-locking flame spreader prevents smoking.Dealer everywhere ; or wrile to any agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated;fcmga'!gn'W..-7".r, , 'V;.NBXBXBSBNMNK''sJrsaagHIGHGRADEi OvercoatsAt Very Low Prices.Special Sale onTrunks, Suit Cases and ValisesDuring the HolidaysJ. ELVOVE,60S Main Street,FOR RENT.Ninety-two acres of well-improvedland. Sixty acres for cultivation.aO-room house, stock barn andtobacco barn, and all necessary outbuildings. Plenty of water. Locatedon Steele Pike, about 5 miles fromParis.Will be rented about noon onCounty Court Day, December 4. 1911." For further information call on thendersiumd. w p FISHEE,M. F. Kenney, Auct. Paris, Ky,,(2S-2t)An Old Team.The Hittites were an ancient ninerof ore than local fame. Their in-?Me pjay was very fine; they studied: !wll the game. They bested Babylone yer by twenty points or so; leftJryr Si4on in the rear, and beatTHEScene in "The Isle ofWarmth is essential to comfort. As you grow older, it ishardly less essential to health.Get a Perfection Smokeless OilHeater, and vou keep warm and comnand Shoes wParis, Kentucky.Care of Shoes.Evening shoes should be wrapped Intissue paper, and white shoes will turnyellow unless incased in blue paperOn most light shoe leather a spot orstain can be washed off, but wherethis is Impossible or the shoe is toobadly soiled it" is better to dye it adarker color or black. Various shoedyes can be purchased and with a renewal of color now and then you havepractically provided for yourself anew pair of shoes.Old Cornwall Ceremony.Dancing is a part of a semi-religiousceremony held at St. Ives, Cornwall, on the day of the feast of StJames. The people dance the oldCornish "Flurry" dance and "The GirlI Left Behind Me." and then sing the1 "Old Hundredth." After that theyhave a banquet and small sums ormoney are distributed. The customi dates from a century ago,- when afund was established for the purposeby a man named Knill. " It iajknownBOURBON NEWS, PARIS,Smiles' Paris Grand, To -HURRY-UP POET.The Novelist 1 understand that acelebrated English poet gets $50 a linefor his verse.The Struggling Poet If that wasme. VC write a thousand lines andquit, ril-ti-l.) -tt tPaper Drinking Cupi.In the schools of Austria the childran qt-o tnnirVit to narrv Rfiveral sheetsof writing paper in their pockets at jall times. Then, when a child isthirsty, he can roll one of the sheetsinto a cone and make a perfectly serviceable cup which may be placed,after being used, in the nearest wastepaper box. How to roll the conesdeftly Is taught the children. Thetearing of a notch about half an inchlong near one end before rolling thecone serves to make the improvedcup stronger.Medical DinnerSallie, a darky cook down in Virginia, has been taught by her mistressto cook chickens en casserole an accomplishment in which she takesgreat pride It is always done on occasions of state, and Sallie hunts upcompany to show her prowess. Sunday morning recently she came ingleefully with the remark: "Yondercome Mr. Clifford up de road to seeMiss Judith. Hadn't I better cook thechicken in castor oil?"Failing of the Race.The advice of the old lawyer to hisson was that no matter what his relations with womankind he shouldnever write a love letter and neverdestroy one. It is probable that thiscounsel of perfect wisdom fell on deafears, for when any particular man isconsumed by a fever for any particular woman he at once commenceswriting love letters.A Bequest."I give to good fathers and mothersin trust for their children, all goodlittle words of praise, and encouragement, and all quaint pet names andendearments, and I charge said parents to use them justly and generously, as the needs of their children mayrequire." From the last will and testament of Charles Lounsbury, inwhich he distributes his "interest inthe world" to succeeding men.A Mere Sham."This," explained the cigar salesman, "will make .an excellent pipe foryour husband. It's a meerschaum.""How dare you, sir," the lady demanded indignantly, "attempt to sellme a fraudulent article"! I want thegenuine or nothing'" Judge's LibraryThe Degree Wanted.Doctor Oi course, the worst mayhappen and your uncle die. But letug hope for the best.Expectant Heir You may, doctor,but I preter to hope tor tbe worst.London Puts Faith in Cats.London still depends upon its armyof cats to handle the rats among theships that come up the Thames. Thenort of London authority has madeknown its estimate "for cats' milk forth.e. year. The appropriation is fot$4,000, -. -. .KENTUCKY, DEC. 8, 1911night, December 8.ACCORDING TO SCHEDULE.William T. Lewis, the well-knownautomobilist, was talking lately aboutthe 25,000-mile automobile trip hehad just made in Europe."One sees Europe in an automobile," he said. "One really sees itSome tourists don't, you know."Once, in Florence. I was standingon the bridge over the Arno, drinkingin the beauty of the old Italian city,when a half-dozen American touristsdrew near at a quick walk."They hurried by me. every nowand then consulting Iheir watches,and. as they passed, I overheard thisconversation:"'Well. Florence Is all right, sure!"" 'Florence?'"'Why. yes! -This is Florence, ain'tit?'" 'Of course not This is Venice.''Oh, go on! It's Monday, anybow. and Monday's Florence; Wednesday's Venice.' "A Touch of Pity.A tender-hearted youth was oncennnr.nf o rvtrnA dinner wherethe fathers of those assembled werebeing roundly abused for their parsimony in supplying the demands oftheir sons. At last after having longkept silence, he lifted up his voice inmfid protest"After all. gentlemen." he said, "letus remember that they are our fellowcreatures." Argonaut.His Idea of Conservation."But, Senator Grabbenheim, don'tyou think that the country ought toreserve some of its trees and not letthe lumber trust cut the last one?""Sure, there should be a small forest reserve. I suggest that the petrified forsst of Arizona is the one toEave for posterity."Glass Sidewalk.For some time the city of Lyons.France, has been using glass for sidewalks instead of brick or stone. It islaid in blocks eight inches square,each block containing sixteen squares,resembling a checkerboard. It hasproved more lasting than stone, andmuch cheaper Denver MunicipalFacts.Lesson of Grief.There are mooas in wnicn we uuuusuffering, in the hope that there, atleast, we snaii unu icam.y. ouuU& ,peaks and edges of truth. But itturns out to be scene-painting andcounterfeit. The only thing grief hastaught me is to know how shallow itis. Emerson.His Real tosaning.When a bad-tempered man growsemphatic in his remarks and says hodoes not care a "curse" he means, orshould mean, to be correct, that hedoes not care a cross, the lingualmetathesis here being similar to thatwhich makes "gooseberries" out ofgorseberrie3.What She Supposed.Shortly after Sir Lawrence AlmaTadema, R. A., was knighted, he andLady Alma-Tadema gave an "at home"at St. John's Wood. Everybody present was congratulating them, and onelady was very profuse. "Oh, dear SirLawrence." she said, "I am awfullyglad to hear of e honor you have received. I suppose now that you areknighted you will give up paintingand live like a gentleman."Hat Masculine and Feminine.Let us thank heaven that the hatmasculine is no worse than it is andof the hat feminine paraphrase thewords of Hamlet when he held in hishand the grinning skull of Yorick:"Now get thee to my lady's chamberand tell her that no matter what herhat to this complexion she must comeAt last." . -Mind and Appearance.Actresses are usually warm-hearted,sensible and cheerful. That is becausethey make the best of themselves Inface and form. An old saying is true,"The face is often a reflex of themind," and In a measure it is no lesstrue that the mind is a reflex of theface.MiO. II. CHENAULT, Pres.K. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company- (Incorporated). Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBoth ahones 965LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND MGHT -,We Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season.The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Palps parmm'tv of five hundred thousand uounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo vears enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Gome and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the saks behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERST. P. Farnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. S one, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Blight, Louisville, Ky.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is -with the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bring their tobacco to himand to come to the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.g1w.-W-W"PermanentlyWhole FamilyWe suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofwiving a gift or buying something for yourself, thmk of thisfamous W-W-"W Insured Ring.Here is a ring that is so good that it is guaranteed for a li'etime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thorough,consideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestrino-in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell yon with theutmost confidence. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy of a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $.m,5 00 or 10.00 fof a ring, we suggest that you come here and aakrfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring-the one ring n all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee-the only ring that we knowthat vill give yon everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.C" 3)SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,"The House of Quality."mBotlBoth Phones.?kHOW HE DIED.Visitor (in the mining camp) D.Buzzsaw Bill die intestate?Alkali Ike No; he was shot i'"dlart territory, pardner. . .--Cause and Worry. -L-Defeiidant'a Wife Don't worrjWdear. The Judge's charge was ctalnly In your favor. Defendant(moodily) I know that. It's the lawyer's charge that I'm thinking aboutMan's Independence.No iron chain nor outward force oany kind could ever compel the solof man to helieve or to disbelieve; itis his own indefeasible right, tiatjudgment of his; he will reign sa&believe thereby the grace of Goalone! Thomas Carlyle. --Long-Headed Husband."This is good wine. I must takehome a few bottles to my wife." "Snever touches wine, as you know-"""True; but it will be a little presentfor her, and I can keep it from goingtto waste." Washington Herald.Z. T. SELLERS, Vice-Pres.AND DIRECTORSO. H. Chenaulfe, Lexington, Ky.K, L. Baker, .Lexington, iy.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. 0. Roberts, Auctioneer.Guaranteed Rings Fortheat Reasonable Pnces.- ---J"I.'VLrf:t jrJcJ.t. wasninsmn ''-Iasth Knill ceremony.- -r-.'flR'""" ".4alMapiapM'" I Jl I'THE B0URBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC 8, JLJMJ-,-WBHMH"WIMIX-rnas ValuesNITURWe:1fA7rvIfc-SleepstmanmS 8 mE 1 78 ' 8fc ! t B MIS " ''."-'-. . - SiHoMiIIm8 Hm8ji81 HSU vS2g5 -'- . THi l ni; il K I1 r&- M-- fe.lMMaHWMWMWl"W'"'""1'Ml,M,waBag'w,BB"J1''l"'MIMIIM''M''"8WB"M r "3WftftKft Wv Stayed to the End. rai " aa OMHam wnl(if)lw A fine example of coolness was given 1 1 ffwi t jirt,XvMjf the other day by a telegraph operator uJj9 u7 J Mat Rennes, Fi'ance, while the postof- g M W W J C M ', klice was burning. The Central post- I f tJ 9&&(J(Jfi tsgj uuiue 111 ritns ieueiveu liuui iucui mcIN GOODAlways Something Newto Show YouWe would be glad to have housekeepers drop in on uafrany day just -tolook around. ;Hardly a day passes but we addsomething to our stock.The factories are busy at turningout new things, and of course weget our share.The other day we receiven a consignment of RUGS, themost attractive, we think, we eversaw, new in design, beautiful infinish, and sturdy and long-lasting. ,Any home that is in need of one ofthese ought to get supplied now.Prices $10 up, and worth it.Depends quite a bit upon what .yousleep on. Ideas about mattresseshave changed in recent years, andmattresses have changed to suit.Now you find some mattresses havenames, which doesn't hurt them a,bit,. but you can also find loads ofgood mattresses without names.We have both.We have them every size and weightand quality.Every mattress is carefully madealong hygienic lines, and is worthevery cent we ask for it.We invite you..-.4TAn ad aboutIron BedssteadsThere's a lot to tell you about them,more, we are afraid, than we willhave room for.But let's begin by saying that wehaye a nice large selection toshow you.They are heavily enameled, fall sizes.Most of them have attractiveornamentation.The best ones cost the most, ofcourse, but you can get a bed goodenough for anybody, full size,at little cost.But you had better first let us showyou just what our line is like. Thenyou can quickly make a selection.Good FurnitureValuesa.Depend firstly and mostly on goodFurniture.There's more likelihood of yourpaying too little than too much.If you look at the Furniture questionright, you'll decide to spend enough, toget all the value that there is going..If you will let us, we can show youjust why our Furniture is worthyour attention and your money.Can let you see for yourself thepoints where it excels.Because it DOES excel there is nodoubt in the worlc about that.Home memories that are cherished most are thoseof the great heme day Christmas. Better thanmere memory, though, is the pictured story of thefamily reunion, the happy children, the gay youngfolks, the grown-up boys and girls back home again.i he pictures taken with the Christmas Kodak willgive pleasure the whole year round and for all -theyears to come.3353E. M. Wheeler FurnitureRobneel Building, Main and Eighth Sts., Paris, Ky.mmmmmwwwmmmmyI Wine Specials!Let us show you the simple Kodak wayvhich makes picture-taking so much fun. Wehave Kodaks at $5.00, others up to $65.00.Daugherly Bros434 Main Streett ,-wStayed to the End.A fine example of coolness was giventhe other day by a telegraph operatorat Rennes, Fi'ance, while the postoffice was burning. The Central postoffice in Paris received from them thefollowing message: "The postoffice ison fire on the floor below us, wherethe telephone cabins have beenburned. We will leave when theflames reach our floor." Soon afterall were obliged to escape to thebasement.Port Wine in Bulk, 7-year-old,$2.00 per gallon.Sherry, Port, White Toka and Claret,50 cents per bottleVBottled Jby Italian Swiss Colony Co. -.His Manly Protest.A tender-hearted youth was oncepresent at an Oxford supper, wherethe fathers of those assembled werebeing roundly abused for their parsimony in supplying the demands oftheir sons. At last, after having longkept silence, he Jifted up his voice Inmild protest. "After all, gentlemen,"he said, "let us remember that theyare our fellow-creatures."Origin of Common Names.Kings in the .earliest days weremerely "fathers of families," and theword Is derived from the same sourceas ""kin." Queen at first meant "wife"or "mother." An earl was an "elder"In the primitive society, while "czar"and "kaiser" are both derived from"Caesar." A dandelion is' or once was"dent de leon," - meaning the lion'stooth, and vinegar was once "vinaigre," which means sour wine.-UCor.7th and Main,PARIS, KENTUCKYVMhw V-VAt- I - VWS,.JVW-'?mmtmimMmmmmMMimMmmM.As She Saw the Notes.When my daughter was 4 years oldghe sat gazing at the notes on a pieceof music, when she suddenly lookedur and said: "Mamma, here's a lot oflittle boys on a wire fence," and, looking down at it, said, after a moment'sthought, "and some of 'em got hatson." Exchange.Coming of Autumn.Sometimes autumn may be perceived even in the early days of July.There Is no other feeling like thatcaused by this faint, doubtful yet realperception, or rather prophecy, of theyear's decay, so deliciously sweet andsad at the same time. Nathaniel Hawthorne.Effect -of Well-Decorated Room.A well-decorated room makes JtsImpression first as a whole,- as abeautiful piece of color, as a unitywithin which all the parts are happily related to each other. SchoolArts Book.: Always In Order."You' kin alius git credit fqh bein'smart an observinV.' .said Uncle Eben,"by tellin' a! man dat he's overworkedan' needs rest:", :HolidaySuggestionsBeautiful Line of Gift Books ofEvery Description, Poems,Children's Books, &c.Leather Goods,Drinking Cups, -"-'...Sweet Grass baskets,Bridge and Euchre Score Pads in Brass,Creton Novelties for dressers,Denison's Holiday Decorations, &c:Christmas Cards, Tags and Dennison's Gum RibbonCrane's Latest Box PapersAn Elegant Line of Pictures.For the ChildrenCharacter Dolls, Games Puzzles,Toys, Etc,Picture Framing Our Leading SpecialtyJ J cin'cs SftooJe Company.jll vl -1aiTHE BOURBON .: NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. -8, 191 llIHL B0URB08 NEWS.MMrfMMALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNothing Nicer for Gifts.Linen handkerchiefs in leather casesMitchell & blakemore's.Suburban Land Sold.Harris & Speakes, the real estateAll the school leagues and their friendsre cordially invitid to attend. Amusical and informal reception willconclude the evening.Plain Figures.Everything marked int A. F. Wheeler & Co.'fplain fguresGifts for Men.Combination set of handkerchiefs toE and hose to match S&L to as.tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Going Up Rapidly.Th new interurban depot at cornerof High and Fifth street is going uprapidly and in a few days brick workon the new structure will soon be completed. Here For the Holidays.Fur caps $2.50 and $5. Boys dzes $2.J. W. DAVIS & caPlain Figures.A. F. Wheeler & Co. have maiked inplain figruea.Parboken Elects OfficersThePaiboken Club at the meetingheld in their club room Monday nightheld the annual election of officerswhich resulted as follows : President,Harry rioron ; vice president. FayetteA rdery; secretary and treasurer, Bennett Thomas.TURKEYS.Last day for receiving willbe Wednesday, December 1 3.WiH pay highest market price,CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Practical PresentsIn store for men at this man's store.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Well Improved Property.The Estesp roperty on'Cypress streetto be sold at auction on December 19at 2 o'clock contains eight acres ofwell improved land and is a splendidplace for a marekt garden.Watt Stafford Paroied." Governor Willson last week issued aparole for Watt Stafford, of Carlisle,convicted in the Buurbon Circuit Courtabout eight months ago for maliciouscutting with tintent to kill. Staffordwa3 sentenced to two years in thepenitentiary. He has returned to hishome in Carlisle where he will engagein the blacksmithing business.Buy a Capfor Him.Nothing nicer for aChristmas giftthan a fur cap. .tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Comfort in a Morris Chair.Have you seen the Royal Push Button Morris Chair at J. T. Hinton's.The ladies ejoy them just as much asthe men. .Candy ShippedAbroad.Two packages of the Misses Holladay's famous home made candy were jsent yesterday to foreign countries,one going to the Hun. Mr. O'Brien,United States Embassador at Rome,and another to Hon. H. C. Howard,minister to Peru, who is stationed atLima. The tackages are expected toreach their dcstiraticn by ChiistmasPictures at Lowest Prices.The biggest line cf pictures in Parisat J. T. Hinton's and his prices arethe lowest.TURKEYS.Last day for receiving willbe Wednesday, Dec. 13tb.Will pay highest marketprice.CHAS.S. BRENT & BRO.The Best.J. T. Ilintct) ssvcs $oukitchen c&binets. He hasWhy pay more.money onthe best.School Benefit.' Mrs Larua Estill Francis will entertain with a Pound Party at the homeof Col. and Mrs. John Cunninghamnear Escondida Wednesday, December13 at 6 o'clock for the benefit of theCunningham school near Escondida.dealers, sold Tuesday for Perry M.Shy. ot Louisville, to Mrs. BarneyLavin a tract of land containing twoand a naif acres on the Clintonvillepike for $550 cash.Toy Annex.Don't fail to visit the Toy AnnexUDstaiis at the National 5 & 10 centStore. Everything in dells, and highgrade toys, games and everything forChristma0. tfFree.We give Christmas boxes wi h all50 cent ties,tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Delsarte Programs.-Watch for the large advertising program for the DelsartP entertainmentto be given at the Paris Grand nextWednesday pvening for the benefit ofM. R church. Itcortains $95 worthof advertising from many of the mostfnteiDrising firms of Paris. It willdp mailed out over the county and sentto all the henvs and it will be to yourinter t t fpjd every word on it andto attend the enter tiir.ir.o t. ItPERSONAL MENTION.Mr. Chaillon Clay is ill withmeasles.Miss Connie King, of Butler, isthe guest of her aunt, Mrs. J. W. Taylor. Mr. George Kiiener, who has beenquite ill with typhoid fever is improving. - Mrs. Claude M. Thomasvery ill -at her home oncontinuesHoustonavenue.-Mrs. R. G. Stoner, of Mt. Sterling, is spending this wetk at "Oakland" this county.Miss Mary Welsh, of Onterville,this county, is visiting Mrs. W. A.Jobst in Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Adcock andchildren have returned from a visit toraaltivea in Winchester.Mrs. Mary Prall Mason, who hasbeen visiting in this city, has returnedto har home in Danville.Mrs. Arthur Berry, qf Lexington,is the guest of her parents. Ilr. andMrs J. T. Martin in this cily.Mrs Wm. Merrimee has as herguest at her home on Houston avenue,Miss Ethel Mudd, of Loisville.Mrs. Elizabeth C Rogers is inWinchester attending the Decemnerterm of the Clark Circuit Court.Mr. Nat Rogers, of St. Paul,Minn., is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.R. F. Clendenin on Cypress street.Mrs. R. B. Hutchraft has returned from Columbia, Mo., where she attended the St. Claire-Moss wedding.Mr. J. T. Lynch, Superintendentof the Metropolitan Life InsuranceCo., was in Maysville on businessTuesday.Mrs. W. W. Judy entertained yesterday afternoon in honor of Mrs.Frank Snyder, of Louisville, guest ofMrs. Clarke Barnett.Mis. Carey E. Morgan's Bible classof the Christian church Sunday schoolwill have a social this evening at 7:30oclock in the parlors of the churchAll the class members are urged to bepresent.Dr. and Mrs. Leslie, of Chilliccthe, Ohio, are guests of Mr. andMis. Charles N. Fithian. Mrs. Lesliewas formerly Miss Woodie Boyd, a sister of the late Mrs. Wellington A.Cunningham, and during her sister'sresidence here was a frequent visitorto this city.Hon. Cassius M. Clay entertainedwith an elaborate dinner Wednesdayevening at his home "Anvergue" ontne Winchester pike in compliment toJudge Robert L. Stout who is conducting court here Those present wereJudge Stout. Messrs. Jas. H. Thompson, Denis Dundon, Robert C. Talbott,A. S. Thompson, B. Woodford, Sr., J.T. Hinton, Wm. Myall. J. W. Davis,Harmon Stitt, Prof. Costello, W. LYerkes, C. A McMillan. E. M. Dickson and Col. R. B. Franklin.At the annual state covnention ofthe Daughters of the American Revolution, recently held at Huntington,W. Va., the initial reception was heldat the home of Mm. George N.Biggs, who was assisted by herdaughter-in-law. Mrs. Samuel Biggs,foimerly Miss Sallie Joe Hedges, ofthis city. The Huntington papers gavethe most complimentary account ofths elegant affair and tells of MastersGeorge and Samuel Biggs, Jr., actingas ushers to the guests. These handsome boys are grandsons of Mr. andMrs. E. B. Hedges, of Paris, and aregreat favoiiles here where they oftenvisit with their mother.WChristmas Headquarters.Make our store your shopping head'quarters for Christmas, everythingfor the little folk and grown up peoplejn stockEverything new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupstairs. High grade goods at lowprices. tfNAT'L. FIVE & TEN CENT STOREGuess What He Wants.A bath robe of course, $5 to$15,slippers to match.J. W. DAVIS & GO.For Chtistmas.Beautiful line of dolls, tree ornaments and everything to make thelittle ones happv., : MISS-JESSIE BROWN.Doils.Dome in and look at my stock of('oils, just for the pleasure of seeingthem, whethrr you want to buy or not.Ihey are beautiful and in endless-variety.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Santa Claus Headquarters.Our store as usual ia the "place OldSanta halds forth during the holidavsand this year is no exception. Hehas furnished us with a larger stock ofeverything than ever before for thechilrden. Sleds, magic lanterns, Irishmails, boxing gloves, 1rums, horns,toy tea sets, velocipedes, ftoys, airguns.express wagons, fireworks, fcandies, fruits, nuts. raisirs and all kindsof goodies to fill the sjtockings with.Be sure and see us and we will saveyou money.8 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Tor Gifts.Exquisite finished embroidery,waists, towels, pillow cases, underwearand imported handerchiefs.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Recommends the "Isle ofSmiles."Manager R. S. Porter, of the ParsGrand, jesterday received the following telegram from the manager of theGeorgetown Theatre in repard to the"Isle of Smiles" which appeals at theGrand tonight:"Mr. Robt S. Porter, Paris, Ky."Isle of Smiles" made a big hit wrhmy patrons. It is a pood, clean musical comedy with a good company.plentyof singing and coindp. can rceommend it to yuur patrons."Th E..NEER."Christmas Headquarters.Make our store your shopping headquarttrs for Christmas. Everythingfor the little folk and grown up peoplein stock. Everything new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupstairs. High t grade goods at lowprices. tfNAT'L. FIVE & TEN CENT STORE.For X-mas.Bath robes and smoking jackets atMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Antique Furniture Sold.Mr. Ed Turner as agent for the lateRobert Ford, sold at public auctionWednesday all fo the handsome antiauflfurniture and the articles gathered atthe country home of the deceased onthe Clintonville pike near this city.The sale was held at the old Baptistchurch on Main stiept and attracted aluge crowd. Practically all of thearticles were much sought after byloverB and collectors of antiques. Col.Geo. D. Speakes conducted the saleand everything offered brought goodprices.Come Today.Come to our store now and do yourChristmas shoppingtf MITCHELL & BLKEAMORE.For Sale.One Radiant Home Heater, No. 228,used very little. Will sell for halfcost. Apply to5 3t JAMES M. RUSSELL,. JTtST L 808 Main street.FOR RENT.I have for rent'or will lease for aterm of years. The best livery andsale barn in Paris, Kentucky- Situated corner 2nd and Main street, opposite Windsor Hotel, possession given1-1-12. E. T. phone 1983. H. BUTLER,8tf " Paris, Ky.Paris Grand.One Night, CJFriday, DecemberPolack Bros. & ArnoldOfferThe IsleOf Smiles!The Newest Musical Comedy."With a dandy company of 30.22 New Musical Hit9.Show that the whole familyenjoy.willPrices, 25c, 50c, 75c, $1 .PARIS GRAND.TUESDAY,DECEMBER12A Guaranteed Attraction.Gilson and Bradfield OfferThe Great tloyt Theatre Comedy Success,A BACHELOR'SHONEYMOON!10 Months in New York.Clever, Clean, Witty, Screamingly Funny. A charming comedy in three acts.PRICES: Dress Circle, 75c;Parquette, 50c; Balcony, 35c;Gallery, 25c.Reserved seats on sale atMitchell & Blakemore's Saturdaymorning.THE FAIR!For Friday Onlyl14-quart Enameled Steel DishPans 29c.Oil Cloth Binding, a package10c.Coat Hangers, each 5c.Pants Hangers, each 5c.Tea Strainers 2c.Biscuit Cutters 2c.Wash Basins 2c.Semi-Porcelain Pie Plates 2e...THE FAIRttFOR RENT.Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Rents for$16 2-3 per month. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.5 3t E. T. Phone 591.VIOUN CLASS.1 have organized a class in violinand have several open periods for newpupils. Lessons given at the ParisPublic School Building and at myhome en Pleasant street.MISS GOLDIE SALOHIN,21 4t E. T. Phone No. 296.9kSFlexibleFlyer!The Ideal Christmas GiftNothing will make the Childrenso happy. Don't buy them,simply a "steering sled." Getthem a Flexible Flyer, the safest,speediest, most economical sledmade.Will Out-Last Three OrdinarySleds or Cheap Imitations.Runners are grooved to preventskidding on ice or snow.Saves shoes, prevents wet feetand colds. Get light and strong.Get the genuine.Daugbwty Brosr v...a -''"f .4-M.. Awz jpBirjTTrTjrirIXMASOur Display of Novelties, Dolls,Toys, Etc.,Is the Largest in the History of Our Business. Weare offering more specials than ever before. Comein and look the lines over, it will be worth your while.Special attention is called to ourHandkerchief Department.See our big values in Umbrellas, Hosiery, Neckwearand Gloves. Come and save money.. EdSanta Claus8mmmwmmmam mmmmmmmmwmmmmm mmFee's Cash Specials,!For Friday and Saturdaynimf rrrT nDATMTrTCIIrurL rjju rjjuuiDPure New Orleans Cane Syrup per gallont tins 65cPure Illinois Sorghum Molasses, per gallon tins 65cPure Kentucky Comb Honey, per lb 15c 9Purity Flour (best made) per 100 lbs $3.00 fct v -rij. . oa uV.o,l Si OC W 'lrisn roiaiues per pectv ouc, yes. uusmci .vFairy Patent Flour, 24 pound sack 70cHubig's Pies and Stone's Cakes.FEE'SLHBHamiaMB! -IT PAYSTo do your Holiday shopping early. Begin nowand buy at your leisure, while you have the benefitof large assortments of useful gifts that will appealto you as "Just The Thing."IT PAYSTo do your buying here. When you send a'giftyou want to do so with the assurance that it is justwhat it was represented to be. You can have fullconfidence in our wears, our fifty-eight years' reputation for absolute reliability insures this.Come in now and make your selection, have itengraved free of charge and call for it when youlike, we will reserve it for you.We are exclusive agents for the well-known'Q. & C." guaranteed rings. The sets are guaranteed not to come out.ALWAYS RELIABLEI y' V .it W 'm viZJ PiTuckerHeadquartersiwIXT'r1t- 1Ito:JST:$."1 r'5. " - .-g4THE BOURBON flEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKY, DEC 8, 1911.' ifch.ltWfctIkm1IIDIATI81Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years. iAching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpore jibtonical Ingredients. To proveit Tve will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.'If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making a-perfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with d: lections for home cure.S imPiS s:nt free by writing Bloodi.-ii d . Atlanta, Ga. Describey)jr trcuo'e nd free medical advicegioii. ci:1. by Varden & Son.Cement For Sale.. y '''CSS-ITCH! IT0H! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchuntil you feel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your bodyuntil it seems as if you could nolonger endure these endless days ofawful torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.Then a few drops of D. D. D., thefamous Eczema Specific and, Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Comfort and rest at last!D. D. D. is a simple external washthat cleanses and heals the inflamedskin as nothing else can. A recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltRheum or any other skin trouble."We can give you a full size bottleof the genuine D. D. D. remedy for$1.00 and if the very first bottle failsto give relief it will not cost you acent."We also can give you a sample bottle -for 25 cents. "Why suffer anotherday when you can ;ret D. D. D.?G. S. Varden & Sou.Bloodine Cur.es Strains, BruisRheumatic es, Sprains, EheumLiniment atic pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c and. 50c a bottle.Vfe have a few bairels of first class ,cement left that we will sell below the!market price. jPARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.'BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.W. T. Brooks, Agent.SPECIALirSmmmlkLifcxC'.aDrives - out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalRATEHomeseekers' FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohonia andTexas, on sale the first and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritorj'. Round-trip Winter Tourist Fares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.- For further information, call oh orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends aad HomePeople:ContractingBuilding Business, jI have been a builder for the pastjtwenty years, and can handle1 yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish ycu estimates on short !notice. The best of references fur-jnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, East jTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERlI have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallinford.Russian Limit for Marriage.No person over 80 years of age canmarry in Russia, according to the lawof that country.Its Uusual Place."Sir, I want your daughter's hand.""Well, my boy, you can probably getIt if you feel around In my pocket."iXZZX3Z2&2si5i!2ttzrJTTTGifts for A! 0 TensionsThere is no cs'ubV-hrf-ent . i". . V ! dStates better able o meet your rr -:.:re-mentsinexclu.-Kv &.lca:cns o Dinn'Jsm unique and dkl.;clve settings; Suis--?Silverware wrnuoKi- !-- - '.-..ti .tisans; Gold Jevy Vf refr,ei! --Aartistic character; Sh.iti-id fhard metal with scr-cl.::: to; 1VJ .;ware of sterling IV , -t fJ el:---.v;Watches of the .aHi" ?. -. V :.; IzisHerschedc HJi . I . ' ., lod.tTcinational re-.'' & c &&, ivkeeping, ar-i -n r: i J,,,i-r Chiracs ihalsound t!;? h-:4 -r-.-f ..:zn d'r;peak or'"VL .&$&&5ks5--iiA3-tn(X,,f MLTthe.VV lisllJ." ' . ...If! lA- Pii'T'W.-- inract, with Lie. cnoiccrf n im, ..U .-? 'smithing, and silversmilittng at m-jderateprices. A Catalog of Hl! zr.i Mantel(Slocks only s issued, us assorfcjenfa inother lines are always chir.iS a toclude the latest approved li-.:?. B::iselecllons, insured anrl --p it1 .vUjbe jent to those anl.ii i:.r.jK knownreliable Lhrcti!i tl-e Crr-.,ndc:nGeDepartmeat. A phonal l& vA.tn inGncinnali viii Le r.pprect LSilversmiths Je. tira Cclri-Ts:tKaThe Ffa-iii: ieibscUi Osx:" Cxncians. OhioX-i Q. vv-3&5m$sm. Aa $ssramm?litSte! V5s.'jwAVT. ,r-siSs'rf Mi12 EN MISSING;MYSTERY OF SEACAPT. NICKERSON TELLS THESTORY OF THE JOHANNA'SFATE.r I uvav..,avBvaMvSJMIM-LOST ON CREST OF WAVETwelve Men Put Out in a HowlingWind Through a Blanket of Scudand Have Never Been Heardof Since.International GasolineENGINES---?-;,?New York. Such are the fortunesof those who go down to the sea that12 men who were lost Thanksgivingday of last year, when the Britishschooner Johanna went down, not 150miles from the Delaware breakwater,were not even known to be missinguntil the survivors were brought toport more than a month later from St.Thomas, Danish West Indies, by thesteamer Korono."The Johanna was bound for thebreakwater from the Philippines fororders," said Capt. O. A. Nickerson."When she became ungeaworthy inheavy weather two lifeboats were putout one with 13 men aboard, of whichI took command, and the other with 12men."There was a howling wind, ablanket of driving scud over the faceof the sky and a gray, mountainoussea. My boat put out last. From moment to moment we saw the otherboat heave up against the skyline onthe crest of a wave, and then, presently, we saw her no more."I had hoped on reaching tufs portto get some word of her. We werepicked up ourselves by the Nova Scotian schooner E. A. Sabean and carriedto the West Indies. I hoped the others might be equally fortunate, butsince you tell me nothing has beenheard of them in all this time, theymust undoubtedly have been lost."It was five o'clock in the morning ofThanksgiving day that the ship's carpenter reported that the ship's portseams were opening up fast. All handswere ordered to the pumps. The menheaved like rowers at the pump arms,but no water came. For a momentthe captain was puzzled and then heremembered his cargo the Johannawas laden with sugar.It was clear enough whatjvas happening. Down in the ship's" hold thesugar bags were swelling to the bursting point with sea water and, as theyburst, they filled the hold with a thicktreacle that clogged the pumps.With the pumps disabled the fateof the schooner was foregone. '"We hoped against hope that someother vessel might see us," said oneof the survivors, "before it becamenecessary to take to the small boats.No use. After a day of killing work,the Johanna began to list more andmore heavily to port."Twelve men, including the mate,j&sSrs&FAll Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery,IBourbon Garage & Supply $Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.iKMENWhen afflicted with disease, do not waste yourhard-earned money andvaluable time experimenting with uncertaintreatments, but ,. COME TO US.Our long experience has taught ns what to do from 1the start U o know how. Let n nave youmoney, time and sufrertiig. Don't let lack ormonejr keep jou awar. Jf T0U are out of work youcan arrange to pay our imall provisional fte laterou. Colons of time while taking our treatmentyou can keep right ou with Tour work.jf YOD SUFFER sa WKSarblmosn. Hydrocele, Varicocele, Stricture, BloodPoison, Rheumatism, Ulcer, Sores. Skin Diseases,or Nervous Debility, or auy special ailment thathas been hangiuic ou for weeks or months, resistingthe treatment of various doctors and druggistsuntil you are discouraged call and let us showtou how quickly such troubles cau be cured by theJtlGIlT treatment.sJsE9lTE7 for free Question List andWW 111 I b JiuoL on Men' Jiiteaiet.Cincinnati Men-Specialist Co!,B21 "Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.;bswtr&i-jWAm mam '- -mcSS yrs-yKt-Li ITm AVj5& A 1H'Wife- ' f;! s3 lis ') SII AOlive Trees Centuries Old.Olive trees of Syria live to a greatage. Some, known to be over 4,000years old, are still in a flourishingcondition and likely to bear fruit formany years to come."Br :Monumental Majority.If one could -get the vote of thosewho feel worse the day after a holidaythan they did the day before, he probably could be elected. Atchison Globe.GiganticHosiery SaleAtTwin Bros. DepartmentStoreSaturday,Dec. 9.Drygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Furs, Shoes, MillineryTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and Main$ rails, ivciiLUL,iy jigrIWHSISIm STSHAll Hands Was Ordered to the Pumps.put out first. We were not long infollowing, for the Johanna was staggering under our feet. Not ten minutes after we left her, the Johannabegan to roll with a drunken roll.Three long, dead rolls she gave. Withthe second of them her mainmastwent by the board."Her-heels went up, her nose wentdown. She gave a sick, careeningplunge and dove under forever."Tf you are snfirlncr from Eczema,Psoriasis or cny other kind of skintrouble, drop into our store for instant relief. We will guarantee youto stop that itch in two seconds.A 25c trial bottle will prove it.We have sold other remedies forskin trouble?, but none that we coulclrecommend, more highly than the wellknown compound of Oil of Wintergreen, Thyrcol and a few other ingredients t'.Wit have wrought such wonderful cisrt ..'' over the country.This rnmpoiril. known as D. D. D.Prescription, will cool and heal theitchy, burning skin as nothinq: elsecan. Get a wxvlv bottle and see onour no-pay otter.G. S. Varden & Son.luargoien s.3oys Fight Duel with Knives."Rome. An extraordinary affair is !reported from Siena. A boy namedSani, aged 11, being smitten with thecharms of a -little girl named PiaSemplici, one year his senior, discovered that he had a rival in the person of another 11-year-old lad, oneCanteni. The two determined upon aduel, Avhich was fought with knivesin the presence of the little lady whowas the cause of the trouble, and aftera few moments Sani was fatallywounded in the abdomen. His rivaland the girl have disappeared.14 Years Old; Has Saved Five.Biloxi, Miss. Harry Hilden, 11years old, Gomes near holding therecord for one of his age as a lifesaver, it is believed. When youngHilden recently went to the rescue ofTheodore Ryan, 12 years old, after thelatter had twice sunk beneath thewaters of Biloxi bay, it was the fifthtime he had saved a person fromdrowning.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.'One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderate priced one, too.If you are looking for "I'lie"Ilat you'll find it in our presto n handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confident,of your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 Agent.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.Margoleo,L Paris, Ky.,- ItmmmmmmimmmWINTER TOURIST TICKETS. TOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSON SALE DAIL,YVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDDiniKG CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1S12.FOR FULL PARTICULARS. CALL OH ANY TIOKET ACEHT, QUEEH & CRESCENT ROUTE,on WRITEH.C. KING, Passenger, and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St., LEXINGTON, KY. 'Ifcnterintscimeant"PC:r'V,'-VC..-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 8, 1911.rMGIS TO DEATH;MOTHER BISK:TRAGEDY IN ST. LOUIS HOMEWHILE HUSBAND AND FATHERIS IN PRISON.Do Your ShoppingIN o w !It Pays to Shop at The Pair.Are Now Ready in Every Department ForisimasSt. Louis. Her own arms and faceseared and blackened by fire, Mrs.Louise Beareiter held to her breastthe charred body of her two-year-oldboy, Francis, while he died at the Cityhospital. The child and mother wereburned when the Beareiter home, 4141Duncan avenue, was destroyed byfire.In an effort to save her child, Mrs.Beareiter risked her own life and suffered serious .burns that she mighthave escaped. Her efforts failed, however. After she had watched allSwpcrior Eafeei. Before you spend a ceat f or Cemit ISOLD BY.Stivers Lumber CoParis, Kt.Ask us for our Free Superior Literature. It wiflpost you on many vital points, such as finene,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etc.Superior makes dense, solid concrete that wilendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cemeat,used by the U. S. Government and leadagengineers, contractors, and dealers. Insiit onSuperior.Ualoa Trust BjiIMiae, CiacSaaati, O.Jtutas CofiiB, President.The Superior Portland Cement CoCIbnShojiiiijSEE OUR LINE OFj-vll ca mre "KiJtCKJVfD JLSKJJL.iO CbXi.A. A1ffl vAs to Price and Quality they are Hard to Beatovelti9VKMMi 'J:On Monday, Next, We Will Display on our 2d floor a lineof 10c goods,values that will surprise you. With increased facilities, we are better prepared to handle the crowd this Christmas than ever.All goods will-be delivered promptly.mm W "S mw z&TVLVw msm ---- '- mmmm'ama 1Bicodinej CoughI Checkerloosens the ohleermimmediately and permanently, cures ai vjuugxi, oiuup, rriiuuy-, nig Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.1 Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen, Gaffney.S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the firstmedlclne that nas done me mucn gooaW. T. Brooks, Agent.I1' THE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.iToo Busy to Run.Anne was not very well, and foundwalking with her vigorous mother hardwork Mamma, however, was pressedfor time, and presently hurrying ahead,called to the struggling, panting littlegirl to run. From a little distance behind her came the breathless protest:"I can't run, mother. You'll just haveto wait for me. I'm so busy walkingthat I can't run."Pretty Sure.If a man who has a product of hiBown to sell can continue to think wellof It after he has interviewed two orthree people who are trying to keephim from finding out that they reallywant to buy it, he is pretty sure to possess the elements of success.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.IIThe Fashion for Housekeeping.It Is no longer fashionable not toknow on which side the bread Is buttered or how to cook a potato. Theintelligent society woman nowadays Isscientifically domesticated. She canmeet her own cook without flinching-and can, moreover, give that autocrat"points" on culinary matters.In the Misfit Halo Region."I believe," said a Billville author,"that if we finally reach Paradise we'llworry about having to fly too highand sing too often, and some folkswill complain about the streets of goldbecause the hard pavement may hurttheir feet." Atlanta Constitution.Knew What She Wanted.Frances had been studying the JVagner motifs with her mother, and herpowers of appreciation exceeded herpowers of expression. One day- sheplaced the Wagner book in positionand Implored mamma: "Dearest, let'sgo to the piano and have the rumbles."is the best and quickestway to perfect health.Women and girls whosuffer are simply weakweak all over.Opiates and alcoholicmixtures are worse thanworthless, they aggravate the trouble andlower the standard ofhealth.lulsionstrengthens the wholebody, invigorates andbuilds up.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best.Ran E?-;k Through the Fire to Safety.night by her baby's side, refusing toleave despite the agonizing pain of herburns, the child expired in spite ofthe efforts of the physicians,That Mrs. Beareiter's three otherchildren were away from home whenthe lire started was probably all thatsaved their lives.Francis, the two-year-old boy, wasthe only person in the house wnenthe fire started. Mrs. Beareiter wasin the back yard feeding her chickens.The fire started from the heat ofthe stove it is believed. When Mrs.Beareiter discovered the flames, theyfilled both the rooms and were curling about the door way.Agonized by the thought that herbaby was burning to death, Mrs. Beareiter, thoughtless of her own safety,dashed through the fire into the littlehouse. By the glare of the flamesshe found the baby, already unconscious, with the flames licking at itslittle body.Seizing the child in "her arms, Mrs.Beareiter ran back through the fire tosafety, but the baby had been fatallyburned and she herselt had beenpainfully injured about the face andarms and her hair was nearly burnedfrom her head.Mrs. Beareiter and the baby wererushed to the City hospital, wherephysicians made every effort to savetheir lives.The three other children returnedhome after their mother and thefourth child had gone to the hospitalThey found their home a pile of smoldering ashes. They were cared forby neighbors.Mrs. Beareiter became hystericalwhen the baby died, after her all-nightvigil, and was in a serious condition,in addition to her burns, phyiscianssay.Mrs. Beareiter's husband is in theworkhouse, where he was sent amonth ago, after having been fined$25 in the Clark Avenue police courtfor disturbing the peace of his wife.TbA little shanty that was destroyedby fire was built by Mrs. Beareiter andher husband, she doing as much ofthe work as he. With it went alltheir possessions. The bereaved mother is left practically penniless, withthree children and without support.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAH-WooS Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Oassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special 15.Overcoats in evey new cub and weave, prices range from7 50, $10, $12.50, 15, $13 and $20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $6 man'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-rnade Shoes at S4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy -hairy Hats, $2, $2.5(1, 3.Full line of Kawes Van Gal $3 Shoes. .Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns."Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEiWClothing and Shoe Department,M3mtoft9tVV tl! toii now. and navbestfliarkefc .Mai ti! nwrinnr.nr.ces. "C7' are dealer-.: establisnedin lt"iP; andean do 3ETTER.fcr youchs.ti z. ?.zZ2zuzzs a.iy bank ia Zs -isv-Ue. V7r.te for weekly price lt." U. 3ASEL . SOiS257-3-31 2. 33 S. iiartet CJ LO'JISVllLE, KOsatefS in FIJHS, HIDES, W3CL.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL C6t"The Blue Grass Route."HourlyParisHigh Speed ThrougfeService. 1.- - iLexington FrnkfoftDivision. -';Administrator's Notice.AH person3 knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Mary B. Clay are requested to settleat once. These having claims willplease have same proprely proven according to law and prpsent them foroayment to the undersigned.S. BROOKS CLAY,Administrator.FOB YOUR HAIR,Gar3 leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour orithe hour from 6 a, m. until 8 p. m.and at 10 p. m., the last car going:only as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versailles;and Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a.m. until7 p. in., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Ver-sailles.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,.Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as faras Lexington.Here Are Facts We Want You toProve at Our Risk.AU, DRUGGISTS11-21When the roots of the hair are en-J&xycThe Rayo Lamp is the best and most serviceable lamp you can findfor any part of your home.It is in use in millions of families. Its strong white light has madeit famous. And it never nickers.In tht dining-room or the parlor the Rayo gives just the light that is most effective. It is a becoming lamp in itself and to you. Just the lamp, too, for bedroomor library, where a clear, tteady light is needed. -The Rayo made of solid brass, nickel-plated; also in numerous other styles andi niches. Easily lighted wkhoat removing shade or chimney ; easy to clean andrewick.;Ak?riWtewfekleefRayoUa;orvffkeforc. Standard Oil Company(Iacorporatri)In the Good Old Days.Of course, the old-fashioned bellemay have walked barefoot half-way tochurch to keep from spoiling her Sunday shoes, but she didn't put her coiffure In the bureau drawer when shewent to bed. Galveston News.Avoid Haste in Criticism.Except In cases of necessity, whichare rare, leave your friend to learnunpleasant truths from his enemies;they are 'ready enough to tell themO. W. Holmes.Explained.Small Robert did not know themeaning of death, so when he wastold that a man across the street wasdead ae asked his five-year-old sisterwjaat it meant to oe dead. After amoment'n hesitation she answered:"Why, to b dead means that thatyou are all in."Swiss Recognize Good Thing.Manufacture of Portland cement haabecome almost a Swiss specialty. Inthe Jura "region, in the vicinity ofBasel, the hanks of the streams arealmost lined with cement factories.Why He Waited.The man who is anxiously watchingthe steeple jack at work 300 feet fromthe ground is approached by a passingacquaintance."TTnllo. Brown." says the latter,"are you still here? It's fully an hourago that I saw you standing in thevery same spot.""That fellow up there gives me thecold shivers," says Brown. "He makesme feel weak in the knees.""Going back to your office?" inquires the friend.' "I guess so," Brown reluctantly replies. "There doesn't seem to nemuch use in waiting any longer. Idon't helieve he is going to fall."And he turns away with a lingeringglance at the intrepid jack.Misfortunes Must Come.As daily experience makes it evident that misfortunes are unavoidablyincidents of human life, that calamitywill neither he repelled by fortitudenor escaped by flight, neither awed byrrpntnPKK nor eluded by obscurity,philosophers have endeavored to reconcile us to that condition which theycannot teach us to merit, by persuading us that most of our evils are madeafflictive only by ignorance or perverseness, and that nature has annexed to every vicissitude of 'external circumstances some advantage-sufficient to overbalance all its inconveniences. Dr. Johnson.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexlngtoaand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminnt-.PH after the honr from 5:45 a.m. nntil 6:45 p. m. and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.1 Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on tne nonr irom n a. innntil 7 n. m. and at 9 and H p. m.wnen me ruuta ui iuc .,..- -- r - - - -4.:..i AcoA anrl thfl nnrfis of the sralp nr Ifiavfi X,es:insrton for Nicholas-are glazed over we do not believe that wq every thirty minutes after theanything can restore hair growtb. j hour from 6:30 a. m. nntil 7:30 p.But, when the hair roots retain any j m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.life, we believe there is nothing that Carg leave Nicholasville for Lexingwill so surely promote hair growth as , t and Georgetown every fifteenwill uexan so xiat xuui.. - i" ! minutes after tne nour irom 0:13that statement, we promise to piously return all the money yau pay us forRexall "$Z" Hair Tonic, should it notRexall "93" Hair Tonic helps torelieve scalp in itation. to remove dan-Jdruff, to prevent the hair from fallingout, and to promote an increaseJgrowth of hair. . 'Rexall 93" Hair Tonic destroys the.,a reii;,.h nrp nauallv responsiblefor baldnes3. It penetrates to the rootsof the hair, stimulating and by promoting circulation nourishing them.It comes in two sizes prices 50 centsand SI. Remember you can obtain itonly at our store The Rexail Store.G, S. Varden & bons.j m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.: Daily Fast Freight Service t BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown ana an intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone, 309.Contrariwise."So the Democratic party will notn-nerooe Us record with legislativekalsomine?""No there's the rub.GOOD LIVER REMEDY FREEWhen you suffer from any form of lot this remarkable cure for stomach,indiEestioyn it is always well to take liver and bowel troubles through a. r . i: , .i tf - rrflA cirnnifr" v i s. l-iaiiiw j-j v- a. i - m - rna iiirMr w iiiiiiv i ;il. aavv uuiiivtw . vbuuicuiiiig i "iv. "; "";;?!-" -m-: : T4-..,.v.io i;c hfr Tf vou are bilious.have a bloated feeling after eating, ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodfrtt- h?c and nne hlffhlv TCC-ommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's syrup jrcpbiu,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle. .Thousands of people first learnedT3i:n-..;ATrr Ttt cont fnr one and itcured her and she is open in saying"that she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, thePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Wosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this-It IS gooa lor iui t "'."J MJinfancy to old age, because it is mild,free from griping and yet promptly:effective. Furthermore, results arabsolutely guaranteed or money wilLbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. WlB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell bwldwMonticello, 111.. -7 ...r "- - - .iS&iSlifcfiggijyij rjkj ,o.w-4LisHi I IWppmi ifa tofjjii iiin u.i- ii i r Hf "jMn maTHE BOURRON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,-DEC 8, 1911.,-rTHE GREATESTREDUCTION SALE!Ever Offered in This City lBegins To-Day, December 89 atDEATH.J. ti. Josselson'snd Continues 1 O Days Only.The Stock Consists of Ladies' and Gents'Furnishing Goods, Men's and Boys'Clothing, Men's, Ladies' and Children's Shoes, Hats, Caps, Etc.Mrs. A. 0, Boots, aged 45 years,died at her home near California Monday after a lingering illness of tuberculosis. She was 45 years of age andis survived by her husband and tenchildren.Mrs. Mary Eads Abbott, agedabout 75 years, died at the home ofher daughter, Mrs. Sweeney Ray, yesterday about 12 o'clock. Mrs. Abbotthad been ill for some time and the direct cause of her death was dude toher advanced age.Before marriage she was Miss MaryKnapp and was a sister of the late B.E. Knapp. Her husband, Mr. FrenchAbbott, preceded her to the grave anumber of years ago. One daughter,Mrs. Sweeney Ray, with whom she resided, survives.The funeral will be held at the residence of W. S. Hay on Walker avenuethis afternoon at 2:30 o'clock condcuted by Elder Carey E. Morgan, of theChristian church. Burial in Pariscemetery. The pall-bearers will beWm. Myall, John T. Hedges, P. P.Walker, Dr. Wm. Kenney, B. C.Wheat and W. C. Daniel.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.The Best.25c Ladies' Vests and Pants . . 19c50c Ladies' Vests and Pants. -39cLadies' Union Suits 39cChildren's Union Suits 19c$2 and $2.50 Ladies' Shoes . . $1.49$1.50 and 1.75 Ladies' Shoes. 98c$1.25 &$1.50 Children's Shoes 98c$1 Children's Shoes 69c50c Men's Shirts & Drawers . . 39c25c Men's Shirts & Drawers . . 19cMen's Gloves 19c, 39c, 45cSuit Cases, $1.25 value 79cMen's Sweaters 39c, 45c, 79c J$8 Men's Suits $4.98$10 Men's Suits $6.98S12.50 and $15 Suits S8.98All Boys' Suits from. 98c to $2.49Men's Pants from. . .98c to $3.98$2 Men's Shoes $1.39$2.50 and $3 Shoes $1.98$3.50 and $4 Shoes $2.98$1.50 Men's Buckle Overshoes 98c$3.50 Men's Gum Boots. . . .$2.49Ladies' Buckle Overshoes 79c$2 & $2.50 RubberOvershoes $1.49$1.50 and $2 Men's Hats 98cIf you are looking for the bestshaves and hair cuts' call at Cahal's.Polite and first class workmen readyto wait on you. Hot and cold baths,tf M. A. CAHAL.BIRTHS.Born, at Centerville on December2 to the wife of Denny Federickson, adaughtei.All other goods arc reduced accordingly, which cannotbe mentioned. Give us a call and you will find everythingjust as advertised. Come early before goods are pickedover. If goods are not satisfactory when taken home, yourmoney will be cheerfully refunded, as this is our motto at alltimes, and will not make acception during this saleThe only popular price store in this city.J HL Josselson,? 1 5-71 7 Main Street Paris, KentuckyLot Sold.Mr R. B. Hutchcraft and son Attorney Reuben Hutchcraft, sold thisweek to Dr. D. S. Henry a building loton Sixteenth street for $400. Dr.Henry will erect a frame cottage onh:s purchase.Power Grocery Co. Wins Suit.In the Fayette Circuit Court Tuesday the trial case of the PowerGrocery Co., of this city, againstAsher, Drake & Co., of Lexington,was decided. The suit was for the recovrey of $806.60, alleged to be duefor Carey roofing placed on the warehouse of the defendant in Lexington.After deliberating the jury returneda verdict for the plaintiffs for $3.45per suare foot for roofing over a section of the building amounting in theaggregate to the sum of $50. Attorney Geo. C Webb, of Lexington, wasthe attorney fcr th6 plaintiffs.Every Day a Bargain Day at Our StoreOUR SHOE STORE!Is the Place For All thePeople All the Time!"We nave Jt veloped the Greatest Shoe Business because we sell high-gradeFootwear -at low pricj" Evervone mav Purchase here with the assurance of goodsatisfaction oj . "Mi his money's worth. Our rrp.f ascntmf nc .!.4? -" iore uic -ww Mwxxw w otjicaus to.pfease every taste.f We direct vour tff; r sPlenid offers this week in Men's, Women's; f and Children's FoDtear and Holiday , SiiPPers to induc early buying.we nave a full line of jewelry andunnstmas novelties. Come in and lcokbefore buying.AARON McCONNELL.Your Black Cake.We have the ingredients. Get busy.U. P. COOK.No Trash at Hiiiton's.See those substantialdoll beds andcarts at J, T. Hinton's. They are nottrash but will last for years.All Prices.Suit cases and traveling bags in allprices,tf MITCHELL & BLAK.EMORE.Inquire About This.Cal up Harris & Speakes about theEstes property to be sold at auction onDecembre 19 at 2 o'clock p. m.Open Session.The Junior Division of the Missionary Society of the Methodist churchwill give their annual open sessionSunday afternoon at the church at 2:30p. m. An (attractive program ofsongs and recitations will be given.The first part will be a welcome service for the babies. Everybody invited. The offering is to be used fcr thetution of the Korean child, namedHelen Crawford Rippetoe.Large Stock-Mitchell & Blakemore can show youmore gloves to select from for yourChristmas gift than any other store.Inspector in Paris.United States Inspector WalterScheppleman, of Lexington, has beenin the city for several days investigating the sanitary conditions ofrestaurants, bakeries and slaughterhouses. It is reported the inspector imaking a sweeping investigation andhas found several places of businessthat was not up to the requirements.Eight Acres at Auction.Estes property, eight acres at auction December 19, 1911.Will Open Another Store.A, M Domb, Attorney P. A. Thompson, of this city, and Leo Domb, ofIndianapolis, will incorporate and opena stole in Mr. Sterling. The new storewill be incorporated with a capitalstock of $5,000. Mr. A. M. Domb wasin Mt. Sterling yesterday arrangingfor a suitable building in which to opuithe store.New Orleans Molasses.We have as fine molasses as you everate.C. P. COOK.&First National Makes FineShowing.In compliance with a notice receivedfrom the Comptroller of Currencyyesterday to furnish a statement showing the condition of the bank on thefifth instant, the officials of the Firstixauonai JtsanK pumisn in this issue ofthe News today the statement of thecondition of the bank on that date.The statemfints hnns n tntal Aanoit-of $355,179.87, an . increase of .$17,000of the amount of deposits for the sameperiod of last year. Since January lr1911 and following a .rule adopted bythe bank there have been no overchecks, and the fact that this is thebiggest year since the organization ofthis institution erflects great credit upon the abilities of those it the head ofthis substantial banking house.Tree Ornaments.And Tinsel, at cost, to close out thisline.MISS JESSIE BROWN.THEATRICAL."A BACHELOR'S HONEYMOON."Nowadays melodrama, taken universally, although, perhaps unfairly as awhole, does not make good with -thegeneral public. The average theatregoer will no longer stand for the mortgage stealing plot, with the proverbialmother-in-law furnishing all thecomedy, and half a dozen blue, bloodymurders thrown in for the climaxes.Shakespeare is still holding downthe boards, but the high class verdictof the appreciative few is overwhelmed by the opinion of the groundlingsand gallery gods, who voice theirsentiments with such expressive remarks as "Giton t' de Ioidy's araonia,"'Poipe de guy wid de 'marcel wave'."All of which of course tends to stimulate the spirits of the struggling Thespian. Today is the day of the "problemplay." Just what a "problem play"is is still a problem. But when theclimax is reached in a suicidal shot,which, although you have been expecting it for the last ten minutes shattersto smitherines any idea you may havehad in regard to the author's intentions, when you rise from your seat,put on your hat, forgetting to assistyour partner with her opera cloak, andwander from the theatre with adreamy mist before your eyes and adark brown taste in your mouth, itsthe one best bet that the current billis what they call a "proolem play."The question is what kind of a playwill satisfy every ticket buyer whopasses the door, as well as that fortunate, critical few, who are luckyenough to come in on paper. Messrs.Gidson & Bradfield have attempted toanwser that question by the rejuvenation of that great Heyt comedy success, "A Bachelor's Honeymoon"which is to be presented at lha FansGrand on Tuesday, December 12, andwe believe they have succeeded.Maccabees Elect Officers.At the meeting held Monday nightPans Icrt No. 48 electfd efficers fortheersuirg jcar as fellows: PastCommander, A. C. Cassity ; CommandeS'A m ,Bt0wn'. Lieut.-Commandtr,J. E. Taylor Record Keeper. R BDickerson ; chaplain, James Pendleton ;Physician. F. M. Furies ; Sergeant, F.ir,?hfCIr,as'' MEster-aMrms, C. A.Sutherland; Master of First Guard,Jesse usse; Master of Second Guard, JSidney Orme; Sentinel, B. F. Stegall;!wu?Cl, V""" " araner; uost, U. W.Fothergill Trustees, C. A. Webber, A.fc. Ihomp3on and Pearce Paton.Gov. Bftwen With A2 TMisrGov. Bowan, th Winciwlw &rwho made'a grand ria in rmatriyvis this season a member of AI Or.Field's Min3trel which is to ba presented at the Grand in this city onDecember 16. Bowen has manyfriends in this city and every time haputs in his appearance here he ia givtna rousing reception. That he f ?Smember of the Fields aggregation isa -sufficientguarantee that he is thaesame funny fellow or he would not baassociated with this high class minstrel show.Don't Fail to Attend Sale.If you" are in the market for a smalltract of improved land don't fail to attend the sale of the Este3 propertyon Cypress street to be sold at publicoutcry by Harris & Speakes on Tuesday, December 19, 1911, at twoo'clock.Found Diamond Pin.Several weeks ago Mrs. Hume Paynelost a valuable diamond brooch on thestreets of Paris. The pin was foundby a colored man, and was later pur-Al-iocorl Hw a nnlnrprl wnmari in (jlavtn511o Tho Npooq inrrip.rl an nrivfrti?p- Lment for the lost pin and the coloredwoman, who is a subscriber to theNews, reading the advertisement turned it over to its rightful owner.Novel Attraction at the Com at.As a special attraction at the ComeTheatre this afternoon and night andalso Saturday afternoon and nightManager R. S. Porter has secured theservices of Miss 'Martha Russell, thamost photographed woman in theworld. Miss Russell was formerly theleading lady with the Essanay MovingPicture Company, and ia probably oneof the be3t known stars of the silen:drama. At each performance todayand tomorrow Mr, Porter will presenttwo reels of pictures in which MissRussell acted the leading part, Durine. the production cf the pictures Mi?Russell will peiscnslly relate manyamusing incidents which occurred during the takirg of the pictures, andwill also explain to'the minutes detailall the incidents relating to the making cf the pictures.It will be one of the most novel exhibitions ever seen in Paris. Everypicture shown this afternoon and tonight and tomorrow were acted by thi3clever little lady. You 3ee her in thapicture and in real life at the sametime. For today and tomorrow theprice of admission will be ten cents.Be sure and come and bring the family.rmr n ir I i i 1 1 1 1 ! g! Cut Glass! !1iLadies' Shoes.LaxfieV Russian Tan Button Boots, Made of genuine Russia Calf, fullhigh toe, Cuban heel, a9 $4 value for$2.99Women's Patent Coltand Gun Metal ButtonShoes, specialS1.74Special Ladies' lvTrimmed Juliets, TureSoles : : : :They are in Gray, Dark,Brown, Blue and Black at$1.25 value, at 89cMisses' and Children'sTrooper B6ots $2.50 values,Special 1.99Men's Specials.Men's latest style Shoesin Button and Lace,madeof fhi Patent Colt, GunMetal and Tan, $2.50value, special at$1.99Men's Tan andBlack Romeos,Made of fine soft Kid,special99cL!.MiilU-!ygaFiscal Court in Session.The Bourbon Fiscal Court met inregular monthy session yesterday withJu3ge Denis Dundon presiding andSquires L. J. Fretwell, E. P. Thoraa-son, W. H. Squires. J. J. Redmon, B.F. Stipp, O. B. Lloyd and G. K. Redmon present.Little business was before the court.The report of Turnpike SupervisorRedmon, for the month of Novemberpresented and accepted. Claims to theamount of $2,103.54 were allowed andordered paid.Squires J. J. Redmon and O. B.Lloyd were appointed a committee tosettle with Sheriff A. S. Thompson andit was ordered by the court that SquireFretwell be invested with the powerto cast the vote of the stock held byBourbon county in the Bourbon andAgricultural banks. No other businessbeing before the court the body adjoruned.to meet axain in regular session on the first Thursday in January.Dolls,Toys and attractive novelties forChristmas.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Absolutely highest grade goods at the lowest prices ever offered in this county. We hadthe pick of the market's patterns and broughtdirect from the factory. Note below only afew of the many bargains:Bud Qases, several cuttings A 50cSunburst Cut Tumblers .V . . .50cLarge Handled Nappies . .$1.00Sugar and Cream Sets 31.50Rock Crystal Jam Jars and Mustard $1.00Deep Rich XJut Tumblers and Pitcher tomatch, per set. $6.00Coine and.be convinced.LPORD & COJRubber Footwear Retailed at Wholesale PricesDAN COHEN336 Main StreetParis, Kentucky.LAt JThe Big Oectric Sign.JCircuit Court.Few cases.have been disposed of inthe Bourbon Circuit Court in the pastfew days, no cases of importance being assigned for triah Yesterday thejury in the case of Jchn H. Morrisonagainst J. Simros Wilson brought in averdict for thQ plaintiff and awardedMorrison the sum of $550. The casewas the regtflt of an alleged violationof a contract. -The grand jury is continuing its deliberations and Wednesday afternoonreturned an indictment against Dr.,Ben Hickman, colored, charging wilful murder. Hickman was acquittedat his examining trial before JudgeDundon. 'Hickrran. was. arrested immediately after he Indictment was reported to the court ariu iuge2 !n Jail.The condemnation suit of the LouisYille & Nashville railroad vs. Mrs.Amanda Wilson, on appeal from thecounty court is assigned for trial today. The cases of the Commonwealthvs. Woodson Martin fcr the murder ofRaymond Brown and theCommowealthvs. Will McCoy for the murier ofFrazier White are assigned for trialMonday.f-iSteSSScvirill I'll I lWillTMll il W'MIBmhhiii,.wmmmfzimm&aLMm&mmMmIlk &vK&iba &&3!M ?B&niwHS?S,'.;IV A. JT'TB fiXr ll IA. .. 1 PIH M111 r J .-, mX krfta.BBf-" --V TrrMnl"-Np 'It'll If lylillfipi v !4 PIifP? UULllAYt?W;rJx4kr7aZtti.uS5SsSg&&gMs8OooTrlaht 1910, V tho Standard Adr. CoYOU HAVEThe SECRETHf orF0RTUHEALADDIN'S LAMP was only a myth, but THRIFT,with a bank account, will work WONDERS greaterthan were ever told of Aladdin and his Lamp.We pay 3 per cent, interest 911 savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK QF PARIS,Capital $1 OO.OOOSurplus $30,000 JIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALh'&HBawwn .I '- --' ' " " "' ' ". . m . 1 w ,.-.- - , to. a. asr. j . . , q. q& -,,,. AaML js- ... ,. - ... . . . . ! """""-