ON NEWSriPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1911THE Bmwl dpuulQI 1 UI I Hid II DullOoSl Boggles at $1.50 Each,SPorsiner Price $2.50n account of the BadWeather which has prevailed for several days,TTk n t i 1 TT rvle Froiitiessrnce saiewill continue for anotherweek.SIM0N BEPAKTMENT STOUEParis, Kentuckyl23E'aSSSeSgSB..e32CXSC5r2Xr32rrS5FTOcyjKffy.u '7ys''"rJrti!r.'ZI'jrsfdr '&'''' 'rr?"3ir 9" '?'' 'oT'ar -or - '-''fl!IFw hill LiJ iSj. , sHenry French Dies of His Injurie.s.Mr. Henry French, of this city, theLouisville and Nashville switchmanwhose right leg and arm were cut offbeneath a freight car in the Southyards Thursday morning died Thursday night at the St. Joseph's Hospital.An effort was made to save his lifeby an operation soon after he reachedthe hospital Thursday morning but hiscondition was practically hopelessfrom the time he reached the institution. His remains were brought to thiscity Frijay afternoon in Binton'sambulance and taken to his late homein Henry Addition.The funeral took place Sunday afternoon at the residence, services beingconducted by Elder Carey E. Morgan.The remains were interred in the Pariscemetery.The pall-bearers were Dr. Wm. Kenney, Dr. C. G. Daugherty, Messrs. J.H. Mote i and, Ollie Bishop, G. B. Alexander arid Thos. Woodall.m 66'wvWE KNOW HOWtrnmrnm-99 IFree.We give Christmas boxes with all50 cent ties,tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.FOR THE BABY.Don't forget the babyX-mas. See thoseTire Go-Carts atWheeler's.RubberE. ' M.xBox Candies.Beautiful line of fancy box candies.Nothing would be more approriate foryour best girl on Christmas morning.A nice Christmas gift,x T. LENIHAN.Wwwf? 500 lbs. Candy, per lb "... .-. . . . . . :. .15c, 20c, 25c Jg; Oranges, any size, per box ., $2.75 .;:.d Apples, per peck - .'if Seeded Raisins, per lb . .,W Dates, per lb. . -....: 10cDales, Stuffed, per package 15cGet a Hoosier.Get your wife a Hoosier Cabinet atA. F. Wheeler & Co.'s for a Christamspresent.Holly Wreaths.We have an extra nice lot of hollywreaths for the holiday decorations.Phone us or call and select ..for yonurself. SAUERS'Opp Court Housei9. Hfew JjLSS Am? - m m m Ar v m M M M w Xu isayo urn uirsiBegin Now to Do Yo"r"mas""! ISO,raAllUCOSelectYour Gifts for Father,. BrotherSweetheart Any One of the Following ArticlesWill Make an Appropriate Giii:andBath Robes,Smoking Jackets,Hand Bags,Suit Cases,Traveling Sets,Umbrellas,fancy Vests,Collar Bags,Siik Hosiery,Neckties,Combination Set Handkerchiefs and Ties,Leather Comb. Sets of handk. and Sox,Silk Socks in Xrhas Boxes,Linera Handkerchiefs in Leather Cases,Kid Gloves,Silk Mufflers.Christmas Box Given Free With All Neckties.The Best Apples.The bsst New York State apples, anjvariety. The price to suit you atHoward's.Famous Home Made Candy,vMixed Nuts, per lb .-..? . .? 20cM Cranberries, per qt -. 12 l-2cDressed Fowls of all kinds.$$) Fresh Oysters and Celery.f?I USE BLUE RIBBON FLOURm The Best in the World$ B1U3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70$ Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40 'AS Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.754 Fresh Fish Every Friday and Saturday.25c, 30c, 35clc 1$$ ( Nothimr could be more acceptablei I for a hoilday gift than a tancy box of,,! the famous Ilolladay home made"W i candy. Put your order in now.ttilx JiKUCU 11ULL.AUAStetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, Guaranteed JPatentLeather Shoes for Men. Look us up.SfccSiOutfitters to M era''-Rlakpmnrp.,Kentucky mt!2N2f;?3Lebus Loses Valuable WarehouseA warehouse owned by ClarenceLebus, which is located near Cynthi-. ' ana, and which contained baled straw,W i tcbaceo and cottonseed meal, was deki ! stroyed by fire Saturday entailing aloss of $4,000, with no insurance, itis thought the fire was caused bymatches being dropped by childrenwho had been playing in the building.xLi DJ III !UI! 1 1 1! I IU ;;I I Til 1 1 1 Tt 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 i ! 1 1 1 1 1 3 1 1 ! 1 1 ! U I ! U 1 LI 1 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 3 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M ! ! 1 1 1 IU' Hill II III ! I II III III 1UH ! 1 1 1 tt1F. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,iSiiSli :2s.'Z,V 'ak)sk 'Jf-wifkwMJJ2P'.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.gN.A&COiComfort in a Morris Chair. -Have you seen the Royal Push Button Morris Chair at J. T. Hinton's.The ladies enjoy them just as much asthe men.Gilts for the Men.See ttie display of fine Meerschaumnipes, cigars and tobaccos attf CLARKE CO.Gifts for Men.Combination set of handkerchiefs toE and hose to match SI to S2.tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORci.f! Christmas Suggestions ! 8g Ilpi?-tiwrr-i5tv&mmy&miy.6 Initial Handkerchiefs in Box 50c6 Initial Handkerchiefs in Box 75c3 White Handkerchiefs in Box 25c4 White Handkerchiefs in Box 50c6 White Handkerchiefs in Box 75cInitial Handkerchief, Silk. .25c and 50cCombination Set Tie and Sox,50c, 75c and S1.00Combination Set Tie, Sox ancfHandkerchief, $1.50Fur Caps for Men and BoysCombination Set Suspenders, Garterand Arm Band, 50c, 75c, $1, ?1.50Silk Neckwear 25c, 50c, $1Phoenix Mufflers, :50c, SI, $1.25, $1.50Shirts 50c, $1, $1.50Silk Sex, all colors 50c, 75c, $1Mufflers.. 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, $2, $2.50Fur Gauntletts $3.50, $5Gloves. : 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, $2Silk Bandannas $1Suit Cases and GripsLatest Style Hatsm$5sfemmm'mmaThe Store Where Reliability Reigns."wSNVSMen's and Boys'- Suits andOvercoats at Ri&ht Prices."Sp!mmspmmmmmit&muit & Cloak Sale!EXTRAORDINARY VALUES.45 Suits and Dresses, Choice $7.50Sold Formerly up to $2075 Suits and Dresses, Choice $16Sold Formerly up to $25; 'FURSNothing is more pleasing to the Ladies than a nice set of Furs fora Christmas Present. We have a large stock from which to select.Ladies9 Misses' and Children's CloaksAll Reduced in Price-,TOYLAND,, Our Stock of Dolls and Toys is most complete. Come andbring the children. All are welcome. In addition to our line ofToys, our stock of goods suitable for Christrnae Presentsfor all the grown folks is augmented by many new and strikingnovelties. Come in and take a look. You are always welcome.mPRICB & CO., Clothiers mr3 Bri&S&Ts SS-' : - Frank & Co. ' ";' Paris, - - Kentucky fSmminiinniiin inn iiiiijm nilllllllllll lllilllllllllitllllllllllll ItinillllllinillJJJiJJJ MIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIHlHlllUHItUHltmHIUgMr;rmwtiIfIE 5?Prt.4imminiitm91&ellm!MWtWBmmmliM'Pv K jCTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC 19, 1911.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMEwill not be yours unless youhave a parkr: stove as' artisticas c is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.LOWEY & TALBOTT?T75'? "-r' .mom ' m 'i? 1 'Sm'S 'Sk'k ' 'Jtw m r z.WBourbon LaundryI3S$ Telephone No. 4.DAVIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice. Si)ftftftfttoA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky,!(5fChristmas Bags Made of RibbonsYOV- TRYBloodiner ( y n y r-r - . r mm awi i m3- KiHiP. pOBlflffi QREATEST REMEDYW W THE WORLD gg JIMPURE BLOODr W iC ZJL WI IT GIVES NEW LIFE AND HI STRENGTH TO ELDERLYt 1 PEOPLE. DEUCATE WOMEN. I JA& I AND TENDER BOYS AND IiTWt I GIRLS. v f 1gf I -I uiff'fv 1 BfarK S ere tkt men abtuatt fij! Bt"1 Mno(ICIDNEY.UVDUSLAIV JPMtt DERDSEASEi CATARRH. ai it' Ill ASTHMA. RHEUMATISM, ! j 1Hi GOUT. LA GRIPPE. CON. U . fX 1 SUMPTION. DYSPEPSIA, i ,1'ik CONSTIPATION. HEART MJA OKASE. MALARIA. Cl1 KQtVOUS DEKUTY. JjSr. fBui JTVITUSOANC&a. j?!!1 LJJJp THE BLOODINB CO, JV WW YOMC. BESUK. I lvcvKB)We Know-BLOODINB:?yTo Regain Your StrengthX 0d Energy 'R6?ort of the Head Phye!o!an faa Leading New York Hospitalon the Cure of Catarrh"A few years ago we considered thafewe were doing well if we cured tenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine' ' into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the- Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladderand Uretha, Catarrh of the large intestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelviaCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andCatarrh of the Stomach are auicklvcured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blooa and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by the CatarrhalgermSi"Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden pain: temporarily, but give no permanent;relief or cure the cause of your distase.: "Bloodine is a powerful oody builder. and blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blooa and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE: - To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents In silver or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodlte Corporation, Boston. Mass.W. T. Brooks, Agent.If Athena revisits her proteges, thespinners and weavers, the divinitymust rejoice at the products of theirlooms. Even a goddess might wonderat the beauty and splendor of ribbons.In them the colorist indulges his daintiest and most gorgeous fancies. Thisallows their use in dress accessories,giving to the toilette a touch of that"splendor dear to women."' Just now the vogue of the fancyhand bag (nearly all of them made ofbrilliant ribbons) helps solve the problem of selecting a Christmas gift. Bagsare always a good choice, but neverso popular as now. Six new ones areshown here, made of various kinds ofribbon No. 1 is a vivid rose-coloredconfection made of brocaded and plainsatin ribbon. Two panels of brocade,are set together with a puff of theplain ribbons. The ribbon is roundedat the top and the edges and seamsfinished with tiny, blue glass beads,strung on a thread wire. A casing isrun in about the top and narrow satinribbons serve to close and suspendthe bag. It is finished with two littlebead tassels at the sides.No. 2 is a bag of black moire linedwith deep purple faille ribbon. It isdecorated with tiny roses made ofribbon in purple and old gold and foliage in dull green, sewed flat to thebag. Small black silk tassels finishthe bag. It is suspended with narrowDISTRIBUTE THE GIFTSSome Novel Ways That Will Pleasethe Recipients and Add to theOccasion.On a Higher PUne.I)ve letters will be on a much higher plane when the mails are carriedj airships. Washington Post.A Dreadiui Woundtj from a knife, gun, tin can, rusty nail,, fireworks or of any other nature dej mands prompt attention with Buck-len's Arnica Salve to pi event bloodpoison or gangrene. It's the quick-I Rr. snvpar, hPalAr frWins Fight for Life.Tt was a long and bloody battle forlife that was waged by J. B. Mershonof Newark, N J., of which he writes' I had lost much blood from lunghemorrhages and was very weak andma down. For eight months 1 was.unable to work. Death seemed tocloe on my heels, when I begansthree weeks ago to use Dr King'sNew Discovery. But it has helped megreatly. It is doing all that you claim."j?'or weak,sore langs.obstinate coughsstubborn colds, hoarseness, lagrippe,-asthma, hay fever or any thioat oilung trouble its supreme. 50 and 1'Trial bottl free. Guaranteed by Ober-uicrfeiest' surest healer for all such woundsas also for burns, boils, sores, skineruptions, eczema, chapped hands,coins or piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.The Boss Instinct."Does your wife want a vote?" "Shewants two," replied Mr. Meekton;"mine and hers."Work Will Soon Start.after you take Dr. King's New LifePills and you'll quickly enjoy theirfine results. Constipation and indigestion Vanish and fine appetite returns.They regulate stomach, liver andbowels and impart new strength andinergy to the whole system. Try them25c at Oberderfer's.Should one wish something moreoriginal than Christmas gifts awkwardly thrust into one's hands by thegiver; shpuld the time-honored stocking pall, here are several new waysthat may cause excitement in presentdistribution.Some member of the family or oneof the maids can enter the breakfastroom, where the table is prettily decorated with greens, but no gifts aredisplayed. She should be heavily veiled, dressed in a long rain coat andcarry two or three cotton umbrellas,furled.Her appearance will excite surprise,I particularly if the sun shines. She willinsist that it is going to rain ana tryto get her umbrellas raised.Some of the children will offer toassist and from the umbrella will fallthe packages, gaily tied and clearlyaddressed. Anything that may sufferfrom a tumble should be tied to theribs.In one household the large familyhas decided that each person shallhunt up some novel way of gift presentation. No one will know what theother has selected, but the element ofsurprise will be emphasized.A mother who wishes to avoid confusion at the breakfast table has decided that no presentation should bemade then. The family will be askedto put their various presents in a certain room on Christmas eve. All areneatly tied and addressed. No one butpurple satin ribbon terminating inlittle rosettes of loops.No. 3 pictures a brilliant flame-coloredbag made of four strips of satinribbon and four of gold gauze ribbon.Narrow satin ribbon suspends the bagterminating in ends finished with arosette at each side. A tassel madeof the narrow ribbon finishes the bottom. The bag is drawn up by an elastic cord run in a casing about the top.No. 4. This lovely handbag is madeof brocaded faille ribbon showing darkred and purple roses and dull greenfoliage, on a black ground. It is linedwith dark red and bound with old goldbraid. A loop on the flap fastens overa button covered with the gold braid.Gold thread tassels and a goldcordfinish the bag.No. 5. This new "aeroplane" handkerchief bag is made of pink Dresdenribbon, with printed flowers. It consists of six lengths shirred over supporting wires. It is tied with narrowpink satin ribbon and suspended bythis with rosettes of loops finishingthe ends.No. 6. A bag of brocaded satin islined with dark natier blue faille ribbon and finished with many loops andends at the sideB, of narrow bluesatin ribbon. It is drawn up at thetop by a casing through which thenarrow ribbon is run.Julia Bottomley.mother knows what is to become ofthem.At close of breakfast the next morning Christmas the door bell ringsand a maid brings in an Immediate delivery letter. This is gaily decoratedwith the, season's stamps and seals.When ' opened, it is found to be aletter from Santa Claus, saying hispack was too heavy, so he has forwarded by express all his gifts. In afew minutes a huge box is deliveredin the kitchen which when opened isfound to contain packages addressedto each one.Another easier way is to pass atray covered with a number of smallkeys with red ribbon and a Christmastag attached. On the tag is writtenthe child's name and the informationthat somewhere in .the house is concealed a bag the key will open.Then begins a hunt into all sorts ofout-of-the-way places to find greatbags of turkey red muslin, drapedwith greens and fastened at the topwith a padlock. Each bag holds thegifts for one member of the family.Stockings For Christmas Only.The Christmas stocking as generallyknown is one taken from the bureausupply for daily wear. In certain partsof the country, however, the Christmas stocking is never in use except tobe "hung from the chimney withcare." The New England stocking ofthis kind is usually long in the legand knitted from woolen yarn. Thereare stockings on Cape Cod which havebeen used by four generations of children. Once emptied of their treasureon Christmas morning they are foiledup and marked and laid away for thenext year's festivities.The Fountain Head of LifeIs The StomachA man who ha-, a weak and impaired stomach and who rio notproperly digest his food will soon find that his blood has becomeweak and impoverished, and that .his whole body is improperly andinsufficiently nourished.Dp. PIERGE'S GOLDEH HEDICTIL DISCOVERYmakes tho stomach strong, promotes the flow ofdigestive jaices, restores the lost appetite, makessiiimilation Derfect. Invigorates the liver andpurifies and enriches the blood. It is the great bloodmaker,flesh'bnilder and restorative rctvq tonic. It makes meastrong in body, active in mind and cool in judgement.This "Discovery" is a pure, glyceric extract o American medical roofa,"absolutely free from alcohol and all injurious habit-forming drugs. All itsingredients are printed on its wrappers. It has no relationship with secretnostrums. Its every ingredient is endorsed by the leaders in all the schools omedicine. Don't accept a secret nostrum as a substitute for this time-provenremedy of known composition. Ask your neighbors. They must know ofmany cures made by it during past 40 years, right in your own neighborhood.World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R.V. Pierce, Pres., Buffalo, N. Y.tGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AflD LICENSED EMBALISE8.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 13 7; NIGHT 299.'33S3e23Sg3St53s3gtg3ss33S3S2SSJDThe Best is none too good for you.and make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.CSSsXfeSJSjEast Tenn. Telephone Co.SQSINCOBPOBATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bouivbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletWn, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service j.ouHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional Cards! Fruit and Shade TreesJ J. WrXiljIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Win- Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesResidence jShruba, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Peonies,Roses. Phlox, etc. Everything foOrcnard.Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,3 oct 2m Lexnigton, KyE. T. 136.Home 136.E. T. 334.Home 334.FOR RENT.New cottasre cf five rnnm? nn "RaafUr. J. M. Lacock, ,'jKtiDENTIST,Up.StairsOver'Yarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest.DR. A. B KELIER,Practicing Physician,Offices.'Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - Kentucky.IZABETH C. ROGERS.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and coldbaths.Everything neat:, and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wit on the ,trade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.BloodinCureE. A. Cross. 516 GlasgowStreet, Portsmouth, Va.Cue Ui XSTHa.Rheumatism Has used Bloodine forRheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after, many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds it givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Itmyself and find It has done me a lot of good.'VMW. T. Brooks, Agent.WEBSTER'SNEWINTERNATIONAL,DICTIONARYTHE MERRIAM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in a.single book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page.400,000 Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let U3 tell you about this mostremarkable single volume.It S2&2CCSZ3ESML Writs for samplelmfBHBiM pages, f nil parlrB. aiVim. w tiwiUra. etrName thispaper and!OTA Willsend free lla set ofFocxetgIfarta PIThe World Plays Fair.Depend upon this: You set what Is) AnmlTIO r rr11 Vis t rt Vi2.v l.A tw""0 vv J-JU, wv lb U Ulg UUUU1 Ul tkawift swipe.mKHXuA w Aj BfcVP?) SkicmL sTY V3B$&Bv .fV2&JFI lk ; . 1G.&CKerriaCSpringfield Maw."- ' 1mmmsamammam,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19 1911.V".MadegfDainty Holiday Gifts That AreEasily Made and InexpensiveBy- JULIA BOTTOMLEY(Copyright, Western Newspaper Union)In casting about for gifts that areInexpensive but attractive and worthwhile, nothing will be found more satisfying than handkerchiefs. They aremade in the greatest variety in size,decoration, quality and style. Manufacturers design them for many usesand consider the needs of those whoconvert them into accessories of dressand furnishings. Any number of thepersonal belongings of women andchildren are easily made from them,and, what with the real beauty of thehandkerchiefs and the hand work involved, these little gifts embody theessentials of tasteful Christmas gifts;no matter how small the cost.Handkerchiefs for fancy work anddress accessories may be bought forless money than other equally attractive articles. They will cost from fiveto fifty cents each. The average forpretty, daintily finished linen ones willbe in the neighborhood of twentycents; good designs may be had forfifteen cents, showing printed borders,and a quarter will buy a good grade oflinen with some embroidery. Narrowhemstitched edges or small embroidered scallops are decorative, figuringin the designs in neckwear and otheraccessories made from handkerchiefs.Turn-Over Collar and Jabot.Val of Cluny lace and narrow ribbonsare used with them. Lace-edged handkerchiefs are inexpensive and are especially adapted to making the neckwear fashionable at present.A turn-over collar and jabot isshown here, made of a sheer lawnhandkerchief edged with a narrowCluny insertion and a Val lace edging.It is very simply constructed.Cut off from one side of a lace-edgedhandkerchief a strip three inches wideand divide this strip into two equalparts. Make a straight band of mullthree inches wide and of the requiredlength and hem it all round with aquarter-inch hem. Sew to one edgeof this strip the two short lace-edgedstrips cut from the handkerchief, turning the corners to the middle of thestrip. Allow the lace edges to overlap at this point. Turn in all rawedges and hem down. Lay the remainder of the handkerchief in smallside plaits, forming a jabot, and sewto the lower edge of the neck band atthe center.To make a plain turn-over collarand cuffs select a sheer, dainty hand-A Pretty Bib.kerchief with narrow hemstitched hemand a little embroidery. Use a threeinch strip from one side, sewed to astraight band of mull, for the collar.Two remaining edges will make thecuffs. They should be cut a half-inchwider than the collar to allow forturning over the sleeve. Finish theraw end of each cuff with a narrowhand-sewed hem.For a jabot, select a lace-edged orembroidered handkerchief in sheerlawn of linen or cotton. Cut the handkerchief in two pieces on a diagonalline extending " from a point threeinches in from one corner, to a pointthree inches in from the opposite corner. Sew one or both of these piecesin a scant ruffle to a straight band ofinsertion or fine embroidery, withtheir widest portions at the top ofthis strip. Hem the ends of the strip.Beading may be used instead of insertion, or ribbon ly inches wide laidin fine plaits as shown In the net andlace jabot pictured here.A dainty bib is shown made of thecorners of a child's sheer linen handkerchief. A narrow hemstitched border is edged with fine Val lace. Thelittle spray of fine embroidery in thecorner sets it off.Pretty baby bonnets are made ofhemstitched sheer lawn handkerchiefs.Chocse a moderately large size andrun a few narrow tucks along xdneBBHBBBCBBBaBBBBBBBHBJB iBP1SIbB :r; 4 'PIbbHBBBJBiVA' jBnHFyP' gffiBBwaBBk J6yjywSBM.-- . SkBBSw5f &, IBBBb'' lk JBBbibS'S?1' - BBK ' x - . jflfiBBBKlv$; :. jBvl!fiBBBKL ' - S'tfnBEmBvftvftvftBL ';BBJBvJBBflBl iBBBBBBBBm? "' JtiBvBBBBBBlbbHP&L .EbIbW I1edge. Cut the front from a paper pattern, which may be bought at any drygoods store. The back is a little circleor a medallion of embroidery. The remaining edges of the handkerchiefwill furnish a finish for the tie ends.Aprons are easily made. The simplest is shown here, with one cornercut away for the waist line. This corner is used to make the pocket. Sewing aprons are made of larger handkerchiefs gathered to a waist bandThe bottom is turned up and stitchedBs s -r,M ; - ; ,. JkVBBBflBBl'' -"j" mrBtBJBBjBBBHBaBBBBliKfBlBBBBBBBBBBBBBJBBiMVff jsSf'K?'' HHIBBVjMBjBBJBS " C stHBBBBBBBBBBBb vl?'-'' , ? '-i. BBBBBvIvXvSBb Ik. wteBlHbbbbbBVavJBBBBBBBBBBBBlmTBBvBvXiBBBBBBBHiM -: - IbBBBhBHBBHffll - IBBBbBBBBBBBBBBB-scHDainty Baby Bonnet.down to form three pockets forthread, scissors, etc.One large handkerchief will make apair of oversleeves for office wear.Double a man's handkerchief twiceand cut the sleeves by the lower partof a coat sleeve pattern. The corners left are to be cit off and sewedto the oversleeves to form the cuffs.One large handkerchief will maketwo hair receivers. Cut the handkerchief into two equal pieces. Folddown the hem corner of one of thestrips and sew the hemmed and rawedges together (turning in the rawedge). This forms the front of thebag. Fold the remaining portion upand back this forms the bag and top.Finish with a band of wide beadingacross the top of the bag. Run ribbon in this and trim with the ribbonbows.Dresser scarfs, pillow shams andtable covers are made by setting smallA Simple Apron.handkerchiefs together with lace insertion. They may be edged with laceHandkerchief cases are made byfolding three corners of a fancy handkerchief to the center and tackingthem together. Sew a small pearl button here. Place a little loop coveredwith a bow of baby ribbon on the other corner.Laundry bags are pretty made oftwo handkerchiefs cat-stitched together on three sides. A tape casingis sewed inside the top and baby ribbon run in this closes the bag andserves to hang it also.Many pretty caps are made fromhandkerchiefs. Dusting caps are madeby sewing a tape casing to largeprinted cotton handkerchiefs (men's)and running in an elastic. The corners are turned up and tacked toplace. Breakfast caps are lace trimmedand decorated with ribbon bows.The pretty little gifts will cost, alltold, from fifteen to fifty cents eachsome less and others a little more.Those on which lace and ribbon areused in quantities are still inexpensiveas compared with equally good giftsof other kinds.Home-Made Gift Suggestions.White felt padding for tea-tablecloths, cut in the required size andneatly bordered with white tape.Bureau and pincushion covers ofbright cretonne, edged with a coarsevhite curtain lace.Kitchen bags of brown crash, withbright tapes, for the old bits of damaskused for polishing glass.JTapcy baskets of s-weet grass, withcretonne nmngs, ior uoming Keys.i nftfBTBTBHHijHIBBI1 BBBBBBBHBBBmBHbTbTbTbTbTbvIIIbbTbTbTbTbTbbBBBPivBBHBBBBBBBBjBKja Yi HBBBBBBBBBjHBf ifo VBBBBBBBBBJBBBBBBBBRr APfBBBBBBBIBBBHSSr'-oBBBBBiBBBBBBMSla H'' '' fBBBBBBBjBBKXI(VbBBmBBBBKfpfcs, SlftltMBBBB9yrcl2S& :i"i ?&A??BBBBflHBBY'Sv3$ra ? Vywx5:vwBBBiBBBK539K v,- &?v$&&BBBBlBvBKr &M $m5. 1-' viW&1&9BBBBBBj v? jl'v V&i''MBvJt $$i&$?$'$.' y ' v v' 'ii5.6iJBiBaK W :''mBBB91 flIiHIiflHHIBMHiHIIHHl; w t 'tv 1 "-B ?' "MMK ,,' ' ' Bv' - j?:'VMIHHIHHHiHHIHHHHBI '' Oversleeves for Office Wear. 1MOtOteBf0&y wiuDurc is. incvjjpii!! ! M'lCk,sciVaarI have a servant, calm, unerring, true.Who has been with me all my presentyears;He shall be with me till this life isthrough.Yet he has often changed my hopes tofears.Once he gave me fair roads to stroll uponAnd strength to trudge the roughest,highest hill;Now through his work my strength is almost goneBut he remains my constant servantstill.Once he gave me rich tables, finelyspread,Wherat I ate and drank till satisfied;Now he gives me but simplest drinks andbroadAnd by him all the dainties are denied. Once he gave me the marvel of sweetsongTo crowd my hours with ever-new delight: But now the measures falter and gowrongWhere once they rose in true melodiousmight.There was a day he gave me friends whomadeMy life as pleasant as a life may be,But now across my path there falls ashadeFor he has taken them away from me.And once he showed me books that Imight read.Wherein I had companionship withsince he, by a slow, unnoticed deed.Took from me this great gift that hehad brought.He gave me cunning fingers for my toilSo that I wrought my tasks all braveand glad,And then he found-it in his heart to spoilThe craftsmanship my willing fingershad.Yet still he is my servant and shall be;I cannot charge him with unfaith orcrime,Nor may I bid him leave my side, for he.This helpful, harmful servant, is calledTime.THE BEWILDERMENT OF WOOING,"I never know," sighs the fairyoung thing, "whether to believe youor not.""And I," said the swain, "neverknow whether to believe that you believe me or not."Politics."We take receipts for quarters paidFor our household expenses.But thousands, with no record made.Pay for election fences.Stage Laughs in Print.It grieves us, as one of the oldguard of newspaper rhymsters, etc.,to note here and there a tendency toemulate the actor who gets his laughsby saying "damn" and "hell." Thewords are appearing in print quitefrequently now, in columns which areintended to add to the gayety of nations. The words have their places,but we have always regarded one asa condition and the other as a theory,and neither as a joke.He Got the Hearing."Mine," sighed the heroine, whilethe orchestra whispered along througha melancholy combination of chords."Mine is a long, sad story. Listen, andI will N"One moment," hissed the villain,appearing suddenly from the wings."Mine is a short, funny story. I "At this point the audience begancheering the villain, and the leadinglady left the stage in wrath.Unfathomable Man."Mamma says a woman never canunderstand men.""Does she?""Yes. She says If a girl had takenpiano lessons, her husband will notbuy her a piano, but if she has takencooking lessons the first thing he willbuy is a range."1 vlfisi Sffiro!ySE&Wine Specials!ipS52mm2LPL,smmmmmmm&mwmmmmimmHis Habit.The man who hets on a sure thinglikes to tell about how willing he is totake a chance.Use 'for Your Eyes.Our eyes are meant for more thanpreventing us from falling over obstacles. Mixing Paint.Is there anything more interestingIn life than mixing paint, putting inblack to darken it, yellow to lighten It,vermilion to make it bright, and greento see what happens? Atlantic.To Freshen Gas Mantle.Carbon deposits which blacken agas mantle can be removed by burni. a little common salt on the burner. Information Wanted.How does it happen that in afteilife we hear so little of the Teilow wbowrote the class poem?Castles in Spain. IA good many castles in Spain seem jto be in danger these days. 'Are You a WomanI The Woman's1- -i ". f ?-Wine in Bulk, 7 - year$2.00 per gallon.Sherry, Port, White Toka and50 cents per bottle.Bottlediby Italian Swiss Colonyw-lm I 1- Jf I I f ICor. 7th and Main,PARIS, KENTUCKYA Charming Womanis one who is lovely in face, form,mind and temper. But its hard for awomon to be charming without health.A weak, sickly woman will be nervous and irritable. Constipation andkidney poisons show in pimples,blotches, skin eruptions and a wretched comnlexion. But Electric Bitters1 always prove a a godsend to womenwho waut health, beauty ard friends.! They regulate stomacbjliver and kid-. neys, purity the blood, give strongnerves, origan eyes, pure oreatn,Eirooth, velvety skin, lovely complexion and perfect health Tiyr.cn.50c at Oberdorfcr's.Jr ,'PLi&Z!IMlpngiVWpPR!V t11 Trrdilinrc- fltlfl nnvlipsf fliflrl'ofprices. We are dealer-: establishedm l8-")5: and can do BE TTER for vouthan ageniis or coaiaiission merchants. References any bank in I.011iiville. Write for weekly price hit.T7. SABEL & SONS22"K9-31 &33 E. Market SU LCJISVILLE, KY.ueaiers in runs, niuta, vuul.$TAKEARDUIm- old,Claret, .'Co;? $ "-5Catarrh Cannot be Cured.with local applications as they cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a blood or constitutional disease, and in order to cure, it you musttake internal remedies. " Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts,directly on the blood and mucous sursurfaces. Hall's Catarrh Cure is nota quack medicine. It was prescribedby one of the leading phj sicians mthis country for years and is a regular prescription. ItiscomrnPrl nfiho.i best tonics known, combined withtne oest oiood purifiers, acting directly on the mucous surfaces. The perfect combination of the two ingredients is what produces such wonderful results in curing catarrh. Sendfor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,o , -, Toledo, O.bold by Druggists, price 75c.Take Hall's Familv Pills for Constipation .Dangerous Experiment.A Brooklyn woman wants th?courts to grant her a two years separation from her husband, so that bemay try to win her back. Six is taking a dangerous chance. A man whomakes it necessary for his wife totake such a step would be Just meanenough not to try to win her back.tTonic?mn mj.irn1?.iHiMK'ltf',-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19, 1911yBIRTHS.Born, on Thursday afternoon, December 14, to the wife of Mr. JamesB. Woodford, nee Miss Rebecca Duke,of Mason county, a son Alex DukeWoodford.Make Nice Gifts.Collar bags, silk mufflers and leathertraveling sets atif MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Christmas Decorations.Paper napkins, table covers, doilies,bells, candles, etc , attf CLARKE &CO.'SLarge Variety.For a variety of fruits, candies andxats for Crbistmas you will find thatlay stock cannot be excelled. It isfresh and of the very bst Q"slitv.x T. F. ROCHE.Holly Wreaths.Holly wreiths and Iocs- holly forChristmas decorations. Let us haveyour order.x T. LENIHAN.IIliliTnlin all its glory can be found at the "HOUSE OF QUALITY," where a bewildering;array of high class goods await your inspection. We offer below a few suggestions:HRyjfrVSrSiS&SREngraved Solid GoldLocket reverse side plainfor monogram. Largeassortment to select from.DIAMONDS !Sterling Silver Novelties.:Silver Pencils 50c to 7?cSilver Powder Pencils $150 to $250Silver Vanities 150 to 350Silver Manicures 50 and upSilver Comb, Brush and Mirror Sets 15.00 md upIIIBuy early and avoid theJnB II Irk JsiiiEAST TENNESSEE PHONE 288., CONDENSED REPORTTlie Condition ofDeposit Bank of1 As made to State Banking Department atbusiness on December .5, 1911.RESOURCESCash and Due from BanksBanking House ... -Other Real EstateFurniture and Fixtures "..., Overdrafts ..Loans . . ... . ..... ,i : . Wm"rjfi-.vfDecember IS, 1910Jmie30,1911 ,iJvLy-18t 1911DecemberOFFICERS AND DIRECTORS ?"PRESIDENT rr--e.JLJL M. HALLcashier- j: .i-;l-.a K. THOMAS rBook Keepers Gee. Doyle, Fayefcte ArJery.- Directors J. M Hall, Robt.JBell, S. S. Ardery.Entertainments at Little Rock.The nuDils of the Little Rock Grad-1ed School will give an entertainmentat the school house Friday evening.Two plays will be presented, oneentitled "Charles O'Mally's Aunt,"by the students of the High Schooland another, "The Baby Show atPineville," by the pupils of the primary department. Saturday afternoonthe Christian church Sunday schoolwill give an entertainment in theschool building, which will be followed by a Chiistmas tree for the children. Tree Ornaments. t&And Tinsel at'eost to close out thisune.15 2tMISS JESSIE BROWN.For JOmas.Bath robes and smoking jackets atMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Swell Line.We have just received the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts.x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.L.ADIEISWATCHin the wee small sizes.Only those that keepcorrect time. Openface and hunting goldfilled cases,$10and up.Gentlemen's Thin ModelWATCHES7-jewel Elgin and Waltham movements in 20year gold filled cases,$10.00.SOLEOUR REPUTATIOON FOR GOOD DIAMONDS is a by-word. Prices range from$5.00 to $400.Leather Novelties.FootGloves $2.25Gents's Cigar Cases $3.00 and upLadies' & Gents' Card Cases 150 and upThin Model Brush Sets 150 and upTraveling Sets 5.00 and uprush. We engraveallgoodsJEWELERS,$ 71,502 8811,000002, 571 761,500 0011 ;662 55389,082 41$487,319 60kCOMPARATIVE STATEMENT OF .DEPOSITS -'r - ' .'3,. .---... J '. ' ' -.,. ;. .. .- y '-'.a ,'--- -5, 1911 :Meteor, 2T. Kriencr, I. M. Stuart, E. II.ChristmasEntertainmentday.SunNext Sunday morning the Bibleclass of the Christian church will givea Christmas entertainment. An appropriate program will be rendered followed by the distribution of fruits andcandies to the pupils. A special musical program will be arranged for theservices Sunday morning.Fine Wines and Old Liquors.For the finest old whiskies 'in thebulk and bottled in bond, champagne,rum and wines, cordjels, liquors, etc.,give us a call. We have the goods.Fine stock for the holiday trade.x B. WEISSBERG.Swell Line.We"have justreceived the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts.x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.Pictures at Lowest Prices.The niggest line of pictures in Parisat J. T. riinton s and nis prices arethe lowest.iJEWELRYOUARAmXEO y 3ETTWQ3,AGENTS W. W. W. RINGS,Hundreds of Patterns.UMBRELLASFOR LADIES ANDTLEMEN. Sterlingmounted.GENSilver TIsold freeof charge.?rf&&ZZHUM!jppppHOME PHONE 130.OFParis ;-.close of - "sJ,,- yvLIABILITIES -.Capital Stock 100,000 00Surplus 30,000 00Undivided Profits ..--'.. 6, 846 69Re-discounts "CS ...'.. 00Due Banks 3,297 10Individual Deposits.. : T.... ... 347; 175 81V$487,319 60&L5241.1-U 59 ,- $273,800'47 .jfy$309,033 1&?-347,175 81 .tmGorsy, E. M. Dickson,' Duncan.ii. . TMATRIMONIAL.Mr. James A. Whitsett, qf Bourbon county and Miss Margaret Ford,daughter of Capt. 4. C. Ford, of theLexington detective department, werequietly married Thursday afternoon inLexington, the Rev. O. B. Crockettofficiating. The ceremony was witnessed only by immediate relatives of thecontracting parties. Immediately af-tre the ceremony the bride anc groomleft for a trip through the Eat andNorth after which they will return andreside at Mr. Whitsett's home in thecountry near this city.Handsomely engraved invitationshave been received by friends in thiscity announcing the marriage of MissGeorgie Kemper Young to Mr: DavidWills Hollingsworth on Wednesday.January 3, 1912, at 9:30 o'clock atCharleston on Kanawha, West Virginia. Miss Young is the daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Charles Edward Young, whoformerly resided in this city in the residence now occupied by Mr. J. W.Davis.Mrs. Anna Belle Goddard and Mr.Glade Goddard, of Harrodsburg, werequietly married in Louisville Saturdaynight at the home of Mrs. G. W. Polk.The ceremony was performed by Rev.DrE. Y. Mullins.The bride is a widow and daughterof the late T. C. Bell, cf liarrodsbrug,former United States Mtormy in theWestern District of Kei.tuckv. 'litegroom is a prosperous farmer of Mercer county. Before marriage he wa3 abrother-in-law of Mrs. Goddard.Mrs. Goddard is well known in thiscity and last year was a member ofthe faculty of the Bourbon FemaleCollege.Mr. and Mrs. John H. Barnett, ofWoodford, announce the engagementof their daughter, Miss JessamineFelix Barnett, to Dr. Garnet HillSmith, of Frankfort. The marriagewill take place next spring and it isto be a quiet home wedding.Miss Barnett is one of Woodford'sprettiest, sweetest and most charminggirls and the announcement of herapproaching marriage will be of thegreatest interest to her many friendshere and throughout Cential Kentucky. Sheis well known in Parisand about two weeks ago was a visitorat the home of Mrs. Clark Barnett.Dr. Smith is a very attractive youngmau and is a successful dentist.Baskeis of Fruit.Order your lady une of thosebaskets of fruit at Howard's.fancyFine Box Candies.We have the swellest line of boxcandies we have ever had for the holiday trade.x J. E. CRAVEN."Kozy" Siippers.Nothing nicer for Christmas than apair of "Kozy" Blippers.x GEO. McWILLlAMS.The Very Best.Ir you want a nice line of Christmascandies, nuts and fruits call on me. Ican satisfy you in quailty and price.x T. F. ROCHE.Toy Annex.Don't fail to visit the Toy Annexupstairs at the National 5 & 10 centStore. Everything in dolls, and highgrade toys, games and everything forChristmas. tfROCKING CHAIRS.Very low prices on allRockers during the holidays.They make handsome Christ-mas gifts.x E. M. WHEELER.Christmas Wines.Champagne and ill other kinds ofwines Loth domestic and imported.All Lhe best brands on the market.x TURD' EXCHANGE.Sale at 10 O'clock.The Walls residence in White Addition will be sold by 'Harris &Speakest his morning at ten o'clock.Attend the sale.GPEN NIGHTS.Our store will be open everynight until Christmus for thebenefit of shoppers who areunable to come to the storeduring the day.x DAN COHEN.Exercises at High School.Owing to this being the week justbefore ,Crhistmas chapel services atthe Paris Public School will be postponed until Fiiday at 2 oclock in theatfrenoon. A goo program is bningarranged and Datrons and friends arecordially invited to be present.PROGRAM.Music High School Orchestra.Devotional JSlder Taylor Sharrard.Song, "Christmas Pupil3 of Gradea.Christmas story Girls of Grade 1 a.Song Virginia Cabal, Grade 1 b.'Jes for Chiismus Fields Rcbt.Meglone, Grade 2 a."The First Christmas ElizabethSnapp, Grade 4 b.Music-High School Orchestra."The Coming of Santa ClausMartha Settle. Grade 5 a.Sonc. "Thoughts of Christmas EveRaymond Stamler, Grade 3 a."The Night After Christmas Preston Bales, Grade 5 a.Christmas Gifts Four girls of Grade4 a.Song, "Christmas Bells Pupils ofGrade 6 a."When the Whip Goes Crack JohnClay, Grade 6 b.Duet, "Holy Niht Misses ElsieHeller and Mary Hayden.Original Essay, "Christmas" MissGertrude Turpin.High School Representative, electedby High School.Music Orchestra. .CIRCUIT COURT.The jury in the case of the Comonwealth against Will McCoy, a negrounder indictment for the murder ofFrazier White, also a nergo Friday,returned a verdict, of guilty and fixedhis punishment at imprisonment1 fnthe penitentiary for life. Attorney J.J. Williams, attorney forfcMcCoy, filedgrounds Saturday and made a motionfor a new trial. The court took themotion under advisement and McCoywas remanded to the county jail untilthe March term, when he will eitherbe granted a new trial,or sentenced toserve the term fixed by the jury.In the case of the Commonwealthagainst Raymond "Chuck" Martin,anegro, for the killing of RaymondBrown.a nother nergo, the jury returned a verdict of guitly and fixed hispunishment at a life sentence in thepenitentiary. The killing occurred onNovember 1 at the coal chutes of theL. & N. railroad, near Claysville, as aresult of a dispute over a dice game.Martin went home, secured a shotgunand returning fired into the crowd ofnergoes, the charge entering the bodyof Brown. Brown died of his woundsa few days after the shooting. Martinmade his escape, but returned in a fewdays ar.d sve himselt up.Laws&n Hoi man, a negro, was sentereen to lha penitentiary for i:om 1; 10 :) jcais ior cmcKen stealing.Will Henderson, a negro, was indict-1 ed tor wilful and malicious shooting,but the charge was modified on hispleading guilty, and he was sent tojail at hard labor for a period of sixmonths.Ben Hickman, indicted for the murder of David Robinson, a colored citymail carrier, through his attorney,asked the court to grant him bail,which the court did fixing his bail at$2,500, which he has not yet succeededin securing.Martin Holman and Henderson werebrought into court and sentenced byJudge Stout Saturday.Judge Stout Saturday adjourned theNovember term of Circuit Court.City May Soon Endow Hospital.That the city of Paris will soon takeover the property bequeathed by thewill of the late Mrs. Anna K. Massieand endow a hospital to be maintainedby the city, is evidenced by the appointment of trustees to act in conjunction with the administrator of theestate by Judge Robert L. Stout.The opinion of Judge Stout as to theduties of the city and to the construction of the instrument devising theproperty on Vine street, is expected tobe handed down in a few days together with the order transferring theproperty to the city.Before the adjournment of CircuitCourt Saturday Judge Stout announoedthe appointment of Mrs. W. E. Simmsand Mrs. E. F. Clay as trustees of theinstitution to act with Mr James McClure, administrator of the estate ofMrs Massie and it is probable thetransfer will be made within the nextfew weeks "As soon as the transfer is made thecity will be ready with the fund of$5,000 to endcv the institution andcarry out the provisions of the will ofthe late Mrs. Massie, looking to theestatilishment of the hospital. ;Thefund acquired by the Bourbon CountyHospital League will not constitute apart of the endowment fuad, according to the city officials, nut this fundwill be used in furnishing a portion ofthe institution.Ireland 4 Woodford vs. L. 4 N.The case rof Catesby Woodford, of iBourbon county and John T. Ireland,of Lexington, against the L. & N.came up in the Fayette Circuit Courtyesterday. The suit is to recoverdamages in the sum of $25,250 allegedto have been sustained as a result ofinjury to seven thoroughbreds beingshipped to Juarez, Mexico onNovember 14, 1910.The plaintiffs are represented by R.C. Taibntt of Paris, Col. Robert H.Franlin, of Frankfort, Bailey D. Berryand Henry T. Duncan, Jr., of Lexingron. The defendmt is represented byCol. R. A. Thornton.Red Cross Stamps.The Red Cross Chiistmas Seals arenow being sold all over the town underthe direction of the fParis LiteraryClub, ot which Mis. J. T. Vansant ispresident. You can find them at thePalis Bo'ic Stoiv, at Mr. C. B.Mitchell's', at the dry ,?ooris nores,jewelry stores, drug slorfs, banks,etc., and every p?rson in town is expected to purchase some. Surely atChristmas time, the celebration of thebirthday of the Christ, everybody cangive something to this beautiful workfor the unfortunate victims of tuberculosis. The Womans' Club in Padcuah soldlast year Red Cross Christmas sealsamounting to $603. This splendid sumis be inn used 10 furnish their newlystarted camp for the treatment oftuberculosis.Destroyed by Fire.A large barn on the farm of Harryaid Orie Speakes about four milesirom Paris on the Ruddles Mills pike,was destroyed by fire Sunday night.The origin of the fire is unknown.I he barn contained one hundred barrels of corn, four hunderd bales ot fod-j (ier and hay and a large quantity of im-, TllC FlaCC For All Kinds OpJements, all or which were consumed Jby the flames. A number of hogs jwhich were in the barn were burned 'to death. The loss is estimated at 'about $1,700 and is only partially cov-lered by insurance.THE BEST INSURANCE.The best fire, wind and tornado insurance.McClure & Clcndenin.Large Increase in Business.jui uuiiuay uusincsa una yctxL iiaahren nearly double that of last year.The reason is the people are usingmore judgment in their purchases,they are buying something worthwhile. Our store is full of usefulpresents. Store open at nierhts.x J. T. HINTON.Postolfice to Open Sunday.To acommodate the patrons of thcity routeg, rural routes and generaldelivery the local postoffice will beopen on Christmas eve, Sunday, December 24, from 12 to 1 o'clock. Theregistry department will also be epened for one hourfer'ttfe delivery of themail but no pacages-'vvill be receivedfor dispatch. The patrons of the officeare urged to call for then mail on thatday in order to facilitate the handlingof the immense volume of Christmasmail. On Christmas day two deliverieswill be made in the city and the ruralcarriers will make their usual delivery. Don't Throw Money Away.Don't throw your money away ontrash for Christmas presents. Go top. T. Hinton'a and get somethingJleasing, useful and ornamental.Fine Wines and Old Liquors.For the finest old whiskies in the-bulk and bottled in bond, champagne,rum and wines, cordjels, liquors, etc.,.give us a call. We have the goods.Fine stock for the holiday rade.x B. WEISSBERG.Dressed Turkeys and Chickens.Buy your Christmas turkey andchickens from Burnett Bros. They canfurnish them on short notice. Yob canalways buy the best at the lowest possible ptice crnsistent with good andhonest quality. Both phones 495. Winchester street. xSale ToDay.Dont' forget the sale of the Wallsproperty this morning at ten o'clock.This is the G. G. White house, containing 20 rooms and all conveniences.Must be sold this morning.The Best Rubbers.Genuine Ballband rubbers at15 5t FELD'S SHOE STORE.Swell Line.VVe have just received the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts,x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.Holiday Footwear Sale.Men's and women's house slippersat great bargains,x DAN COHEN'S SHOE STORE.Christmas Goodies.Mixed candies, nuts, fruits, fancygroceries, box candies, dressed fowlsand everything good for Christmas.x BRAMBLETTE & TARR.All Prices.Suit cases and traveling bags in allprices,tf MITCHELL & BLAK.EMORE.Crane's Stationery.Eaton, Crane's finest stationeryhandsome Christmas packages attf CLARKE & CO. 'S.inBourbon Growers HandlingTobacco.The rains of the past week hav&caused the tobacco to come into case,and farmers of Bourbon have beenable to handle the new crop, and theya're busy all over the county stripping,and a large quantity of old tobacco hasbeen delivered to the warehouses.Messrs. Isgrigg & Argo, of Paris,sold to Mr. William McCray. buyer fora Louisville firm, their 1911 crop oftobacco, amounting to about 8,000pounds at 10 cents per pound for immediate delivery to the Hutchciaftwarehouse on the Clintonville pike.While there is little dobut that the1909 pooled crop of tobacco has Deensold, and that the price is 16 2-3 centsper pound, yet it seems scarcely possible that the $1,050,000, which will berealized by tne Burley Society, willbe available for the purchase ofChristmas xifts, but it is hoped thatthe society will be ready to sendchecks early in the new year.The question which seems to be agitating the mines of those most deeplyinterested in the sale cf the pooledcrops, is how much cf the proceedswill have to be deducted for expenses.From the best sources of informationprocurable, iti s figured that the totalcost of storing, prizing and insuranceon the tobacco now in the pool has beenup to-date les3 than 2 cents a puund orabout $1.80 on the 100 pounds. Thisdeducted from $16.50 a hundred poundsfor which the tobacco is reported to besold, will leave a net price of $14.70 tobe realized by the growers.It should not take more than a fewweeks to deliver the tobacco, as it isall prized and in hogsheads.There will be joy and happinessamong the farmers and merchants ofBourbcn when the $200,000, which isestimated to be the share of membersof this county, is distributed.Holiday Goods.I How about a nice Cham- "I Set, or a 100-piece--Dinner Set, or a lovelyDining Room Picture..A handsome line to selectfrom!'-tTHE FAIR!THEI. rsiO'V, "Offr r - '"pz- ',T , Jfttrftr'- f' 7 "- J. 'Svgni&J&LTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19, 1911WAaHOMMHBHMHHMMHHHnMUHP. IHINTON Imjsjjy.The Home Outfitter-Buy Something Useful and Ornamental.Stocking Hanging TimeIs Right on You. Now is the Time ofall Times to select yourChristmas PresentsSeethe good things we are offering. Something for EVERYmember of the family and not a trashy piece in thewhole stock.TW'&H PPM a J ;-S-s-cR BKKContrary to UsualChristmas CustomOur Prices are Lower for Christrnan than Any Other Time.You can afford to get something Handsome, Useful, Durable and Ornamental for your ChristmasTPresentsjif youBuy Them Mere(ffflp&Mlr MORRISWitThere is Absolutely no Present for We show the Streit, the Royal Plush Button anda Man that Equals aCHAIR !The Slumber. Now this is the kind of present that lasts for years and is a constant reminder of the giver. Prices range from $8.5G to $35Then there are the Cflif forobes for the men. When a man has a Chifforobehe has a place to keep everything together. He don't have to scatter his belongings allover the house. Also see our Shaving Stands, Smoking Sets and Desks'and OfficeFurniture.No Matter What the Size of YourPurse we have the Very Kind ofDINING ROOM FURNITUREYou want. Do you know of any thing that makes more desirable and suitable Christmas present than nice Dining RoomFurniture? We have all kinds.A Few Presents WorthMENTIONINGDressing Tables, Brass Costumers, Dressers,Folding Beds, Ladies' Desks, Brass Jardiniers,Music Cabinets, Rocking Chairs, Mirrors,Umbrella Holders, Pictures, Lamps,Piano Benches, Comforts, ' Blankets,aWork Tables, Work Baskets, Hat Racks,Hall Seats, All at Very Low Prices.We Are Especially Strong onLADIES' DESKSTo see one is to want to give one to somebody for aChristmas Present. These vary inPrice From $4.50 to $40.One of the Greatest Conveniences and Room Savers of 4gmodern times is theDesk Table.It is not a freak, but comes in styles just as handsome, tastyand desirable as the regular styles. They are really worksof art. In all finishes Golden Oak, Mahogany, Early EnglishOne of the chief delights of a good houseife is a KITCHFN CABINET. We show a line unexcelled in price and quality. Consider the steps they save. Look into their sanitary qualities,a constant joy to the wife. I guarantee to SAVE YOU MONEY on any KITCHEN CABINET.Do not forget that DAVENPORTS not only beautify your home, but are a source of CONSTANT COMFORT and that here you find only the BEST MAKES, including, THE STREIT, THETHE KINDEL. Prices most reasonable. Reserve yours now. Delivered when desired.No home is complete without PITCURES and there is nothing at all that is more suitable for a present. Our prices are much lower than others and assortment larger.We have no trarh for the Children, but we have some desirable goods in DOLL CARTS and BEDS, CHAIRS, TOY BOXES, ROCKERS, GO-CARTS, TOY SWEEPERS, MORRIS CHAIRS.They pay for themselves and areDAVENO, THE PULLMAN andJ. T. HINTON, PARIS, KY., The Home Outfitter.i9ffsS0SM::B 1i ifTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19, 1911.L. dc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT DEC 3, 1911. AT 11 :59 P. M.-mam ! n,--n-r-r-iiiiaiMiU ii iiiiwiiMitai iim i 111 i liiMfcir'nTiilK' mi miiint """ " - mi. - mIHBy THE MODERN SANTA ISK5S3- L '"(. s ? ' niV I wlliwl I Wills $ I IiBaTake it all in all what, that you can suggest, will make a morelserviceable, lasting gift than an article of Furniture?Perhaps something for the home, something that all will enjoy or something for someone's particular room-yes, thereis something here for every one you've marked down on your list, and that something is the something that will give thereceiver greatest enjoyment.A charming selection, reasonably priced, and terms of .'payment to suit your convenience.Isn't that pretty good Christmas buying inducement?A Morris Chair will do or aTurkish Rocker. Children's Rockers. See our Child's 3-Piece Sets,2 chairs and table, for $2.25.Made of Solid Golden Oak.SIDEBOARDSNever before have we beenable to show you a line of Sideboards at such prices as thisChristmas. A beautiful GoldenOak Sideboard,$17.00 UP TO $43.00.CENT'S GHIFFROBEWhat could we get that would please husband,son or brother any more than a Chiffrobe? Manystyles to pick from.$13.75 UP TO $40.00.CHINA CLOSETS.Make your Christmas Gift aChina Closet, as that is whatyour wife has been wanting forsome time, while our stock ofclosets is complete and the pricesso reasonable. One like cut,with bent glass, highly polished,Christmas Price $40.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.COR. MAIN & THIRD STS.CHAS. GREEN, MGR.OPP. COURT HOUSE" - " 7 iHB99IO. H. CHENAULT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS, Vice-Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers. ,fiMThe Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incoiporated)Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-593 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBath jhones 965LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season.The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four mi lien pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and thejaesttieatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sales behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AXD DIRECTORST. P. Farnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.O. H. Chenault, Lexington, Ky.R, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. C. Roberts, Auctioneer.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bring'their tobacco to himand, tolcome to the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.Had Narrow Escape.Held in the middle of a swollenstream all night suffering from the intense cold Samuel Ewalt, of Shawhan,this county, had a narrow escape fromDrowning Thursday night when he attempted to ford Townsend creek,which washout of its banks as a resultof the recent rains.Mr. Ewalt had been to Paris andhad secured a horbe from the liverystable of Mr. T. G. Morris, to go 10his home in Shawhan. Not knowingthe condition of the creek and which isordinarily a mere brunch and whichwas swollen cut of its bark3, h attempted to effect a crossing a shortdistance from the Brentsville pike nearthe home of Mr. Ben Ardery.Driving the horse into the swift current tne animal was swept off its feetand with the buggy was carried downthe stream. The horse was drownedand the buggy caught on a portion ofa small watergap holding the vehiclefast in the center of the stream.All night long Mr. Ewalt occupiedthis perilous position with the waterrising slowly about him. His criesof distress was not 'heard until theearly morning when Mr. Ardery, attracted by the sound which reached hisears, made an investigation and tfoundMr. Ewalt in the buggy. Going to hisassistance he succeeded in getting theharness fro.ro the dead horse, whichwas washed down the stream. Mr.Ewalt was taken to the home of Mr.Ardery suffering intensely from theicold and was later taken to his homein Shawhan.The horse which was drowned wasthe property of Mrs. Lisle Jacoby anuhad been in the stable of T. G. Morrisin this city in whose care it had beentrusted for the purpose of breaking itthoroughly. Ewalt made the loss ofthe animal good to Mrs. Jacoby. Thebuggy and harness were returned tothe stable of Mr. Morris.No.3413429710403731233262591383853D3083214Jl( Trains Arrive . 1FROMAtlanta , Ga. , Daily 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily o.M amCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ., J.d5 amMaj'sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am'Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .. 7.o5 amLexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, 0., Dmly .- .9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ". . . 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.2o pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday v 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily :...... $47 pmLou'sville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville, Fla.. Daily '. 6 05 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.45 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains De-partNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 54 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 529 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 740 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8,10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 937 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10,133 Lexington, Ky. , Daily 106 Maysville, K., Daily 12,26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10,25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 39 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 539 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 532 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 613 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday G.31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10'.28 am3o am.47 am.20 am.20 am.57 am.55 am.24 am.27 am.05 pm.u am.34 pm.40 pm.52 pm.57 pm-iu pm.15 pm,xo pm.25 pm.55 pmo pmIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains 3De;parttfo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.52 amW-W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings For the MWhole Family at Reasonable Prices.Production of Quicksilver.California mines have yielded mort4baa one, hundred-million dollars atjdQkUver ,in th last sixty Tears. .Certainly Not."Would you like to live in a townlike Austin?" "No not by a damsite' . ,Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured witti pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you, aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure becausp it rids the system or thepoison germs that cause catarrh Atthe same time Blood Balm (B. B B.)purifies the blood, does awajr withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just where it is needed, andjn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.We suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured Ring.Here is a ring that is so gopd that it is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmost confidence. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy ot a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,$5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and a3kfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.0&&vVSW'i "V jiLtirZi.Botl"TheBoth Phones.FITHIAN, Jewelers,House of Quality."Jtft-&&&&&p'gentlemansSHOENOTICEBuy a Cap for Him.Nothing nicer for a Christmas giftthan a fur cap.tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Tne Best.J. T. Hinton saves you money onkitchen cabinets. He has the best.Why pay more. vPliin Figures.A. F. Wheeler & Co. have matked inTOEm!BUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.y nssrrjJ0Zirzvry . csii- j&r iFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParisOur new Fall line in alljleathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.MAVMLNick, i Geo. M98th Street, PARI3, KY.CalLEastXniiwrhonje 37 iI"J i 3w-- SD"f -r-?-aer!. ij?-TjrWrF Tj"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19, 1911-?" - r t1ai4i;ST0CK.5CR0P AND FARM NOTES"What sKaflI give?"Come andhear theiS It's "just theif i iII nEG III & 3I1B III 2't1 1 If Ylcyii """Hjj i'." ji'' out, aBesides the style illustrated here at $200, wehave others at $150, $125,$(00, $75 and $50, andtne latest models, justt $40, $25 and $15.DAUGHERTYfjRUSimmE-""Gtf'gaescsflrassssgrassraarascs- zz rX-mas Values 8IN GOOD FURNITURE !Always Something Newto Show YouhiWe would be glad to have housekeepers drop in on us any day justto look around. -Hardly a day passes but we add ?something to our stock. tThe factories are busy at turning :out new things, and of course weget our share.The other day we receiv.en a consignment of RUGS, themost attractive, we think, we eversaw, new in design, beautiful infinish, and sturdy and long-lasting.Any home that is in need of one ofthese ought to get supplied now.Prices $10 up, and worth it.HowSleepJ. W. Meek, of Mt. Sterling, 1oougnc zz nead ot cattle shuats fromparties in Bourbon county for $4.75per hundred.Jas. R. Magowan, of Mt. Sterling,has sold to Jacob Estill, of Lexinton,the well known trottint? mare, AlmaMcGreor, for $1,000. The mare wassired by Jay McGreor, dam Alta Vist?,by Direct, and has a record of 2.24 1 4.Z AG", Joiies, jJf North HiddletbVn.sold to Wallace Esp, of Estill, Mo.,the yearling saddle stallion. TheCourier 4829 by Bourbcn King 1788from Cloud Maiden. 2955 by Red Cloud2197 and 6am by King 2196 He alsosold to same, the weanling colt,Aesthetic King, by same sire and fromPolly ay 5745 by Highland Gay 1149,2nd dam by old Montrose 10b.Thomas W. Lawson.of Boston, hssrecently purchased from Ball Bros., ofVersaillfs, for $3,500. the j?reat saddlemare, Gladys I., ly MontgomeiyChief. She was meir champion walk,trot and canter mare. Mr. Lawson hasnot yet decided v. heie he will have hispurchase shipped.but when sne reachesBoston she will Le shown bj her newowner.Heavy rains have brought aboutthe best tobacco season of the year andthousands of pounds are being strippedout in Montgomery county. Buyersare in the field in that county andsorreof the weed selling from 6 to 10 cents.Indications point to the market opening in gocd shane just after the rirstyear, when rceeiving of tha weed willbegin here.Total receipts of live stock on theChicago maiket for the week endingDecember 9 werp in round numbers60,800 catle, 172.400 hogs, and 134,200sheep. The week's receipts, comparedwith the previous week in rouid numbers increased 8,500 cattle, 34,800 hogsand 44,700 hogs. Compared with thecorrespjnding week a year ago, cattledecreased 18,400, hogs incraesed 25,500and sheep 33,900.The horse breeders of Kentuckywill meet, in Lexington 1 Saturday,January 6, to dicscjss the advisabilityof presenting to the Legislatrue forpassage a bill fixing an eligibilitystandard for stallions. Prof. J. J.Hooper, of the College of Agricultureat State University ; Commissionpr ofAgriculture J. W. Newman, MattCohen, of Lexington and Thomas J,Big staff, of Mt. Sttrilng, will discussthe subject, and every breeder in attendance who desires to do so will beprivileged to speak.The Kentucky Beef Cattle Breeders Association will hold an importai tmeeting at the College of AgricultureFt State University in Lexington onJanuary 4. Mr. J. W. Bales, of Richmond, will discuss the proper methodsof fattening steers in Kentucky, a dMr. Jonas Weil and Mr. Simon Weilhave been asked to discuss this que -tion also. From the discussionthese cattle feeders it i anticipatethat the farmers may gain some interesting and important information regarding this vexing problem.Mr. F. C. Giltner, f Eminence, willmake an address on "The Bepf CattleInterests of Kentucky," and Prof. E.S. Good will speak on "Abortion inCattle."Secretary R. J. Kinzer, of KansasCity, will make an address on "Hereford Cattle," and Secretary ChasGray, of Chcago, on "Angus Cattle,"and Secretary John W. Grove, ofChicago, on "Shorthorn Cattle."Commissioner of Agriculture J. W.Newman will address the breeders on"Co-opreation and Freigh- Rates."Prof. J. J. Cooper will talk on "BeefCattle Breeding in England."Shipments ol Tobacco Begun.The first shipment of 10,000,000pounds of tobacco bought by theAmerican tobacco company and foreignfirms from the Burley Tobacco Societyof Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana beginin Lexington Friday afternoon. Thetobacco was consigned to W. H. Kirkat Covington. Kirk acted forthe American Company in the negotiations. Sixteen and a half cents was paidjfor thepurchase. The American Tobacco Company is reported negotiating for 14,000,000 pounds remaining in pool holdings. Other shipments from variouspoints are to be made at once to Kirk.Plain Figures.Everything marked in plain fguresat A. F. Wheeler & Co.'s.Nothing Nicer for Gifts.Linen handkerchiefs in leather cases$1.50 and $2 attf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S. JSuitable GiftSManicure sets.shaving sets and military brushes attf CLKKE&CO.'S.Insure with W. O. liinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFancy Baskets.A fancy basket of fruit makes a nicegift on Christmas morning. We havea beautiful linp. Let us fill your order.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.Rubber Boots.Get your Gum Shoes and RubberBoots at17 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE.More Money for Clerks. 'Before the close 'of the Septemberterm of the Appellate Court FridayChief Justice Hobson announced that,because of the increased cost of living,the new clerk of the court would beauthorized to pay his first and seconddeputies $2,500 a year each, the thirddeputy $2,000. the stenographer $900,and copyists $900 each, the number ofthese employes to be regulated by thecourt.Clerk-elect Greene will have as hisdeputies A. A. Adams, of Harrisoncounty; Brent Greene, of Frankfort,and T. M. Jones, of Williamsburg.Good Candy Cheap.Fine fresh mixed candies at 15, 20and 25 cents per pound New stockjust received,x T. LENIHAN.Depends quite a bit upon what yousleep on. Ideas about mattresseshave changed in recent years, andmattresses have changed to suit.Now you find some mattresses havenames, which doesn't hurt them abit, but you can also find loads ofgood mattresses without names.We have both.We have them every size and weightand quality.Every mattress is carefully madealong hygienic lines, and is worthevery cent we ask for it.We invite you.Poetry In Skyscrapers.It is a mistake to think we mustgo back a thousand years or morefor genuine poetic inspiration, or thatthe poet of today must necessarilyconfine himself to the veins that theGreeks worked to create their lasting vogue. There is poetry in the bigmodern institutions where twentiethcentury life pulsates, if only there bethe imagination that can treat it ina masterly way.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Christmas Goodies'Fresh stock of all kinds of fruits,nuts, raisins, dates, figs, etc., for theholiday trade. Let us fill your order.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.Bourbon Winners at Poultry ShowAt the first annual exhibit of .theCentral Kentucky Poultry Association, which is in session at Winchester,this week, the Bouibon county exhibitors have been unusually successful andhave carried off their full quota ofpremiums.The beautiful silver cup, offered bvthe Central Kentucky Poultry Associa"-tion, for the best display of American .or English class, was won by Mrs. Allie G. Jones, of North Middletown, orh.her white Plymouth Rocks.Mr. E. H. Borchers. formerly connected with the clothing store of J.W. Davis & Co., in Paris, but now thesuccessful editor of -the LouisvillePost's poultry department, is attending:the show in the interest of his paper.Below will be found a list of the successful Bourbon county exhibitors:WHITE ROCKS.Mrs. A. G. Jones, North Middletown3rd and 4th cock.Mrs. A. G. Jones, North Middletown,,4th hen; 1st, 2nd and 3rd cockerel.Mrs. A. G. Jones, North Middleto-wjv1st and 2nd pullets; 1st pen.BARRED ROCKS.Cassius M. Clay, Paris, 1st pullet.Cassius M. Clay, 1st, pen.S. C. RHODE ISLAND REDS.Mrs. R. C. Talbott, Austerlitz, 3rdrcock.WHITE LEGHORNS.Mrs. A. G. Jones, North Middletown3rd and 4th cock.Mrs. A. G. Jones, 4th hen; 1st, 2ndand 3rd cockerel.Mrs. A. G. Jones, 1st and 2nd pullet;1st pen.WHITE WYANDOTTES.Miss Mary T. Jones, N. Middletown,1st cock; 1st, 2nd, 3rd hen; 1st. '2nd,3rd and 4th nuilet: 1st. 2nd "and 3rdcockerel.SILVER LACED WYANDOTTES.Miss Mary T. Jones, 1st cockerel;.1st, 2nd and 3rd pullet.S. C. BUFF ORPINGTONS.J. Duncan Bell, Paris, 1st cock.J. T. Adair, Millersburg, 3rd cock;1st hen.J. Duncan Bell, Paris, 2nd hen.J. T. Adair, Millersburg. 3rd pulletsBLACK ORPHINGTONS.J. Duncan Bell, Paris, 1st cockerel.J. Duncan Bell, 1st pen.J. T. Adair, Millersburg, 2nd cockerel, 2nd pen; 1st, 2nd and 3rd pullet.WHITE COCHIN BANTAM.J. T. Adair, Millersburg, 1st cock;..1st hen; 1st pullet.BRONZE TURKEYS.Mrs. Robert Talbottr Austerlitz, 1stcock; 2nd and 3rd cockerel; 1st and 2ndhen.SLATE TURKEYS.Mrs. Robert Talbott, Austerlitz, 1st.cockerel; 1st and 2nd pullet.NARRAGHANSET TURKEYS.$ Toy Annex.Don't'fail to visit the Toy Annex upstairs at the National Five and TenCent Store. Everything in dolls" andhigh grade toys, games and everything for Christmas. tfFor Christmas.livery thing in candies, fruits, mils, 1fireworks, and many useful presentsfor Christinas. Both Dhones 49".BURNETT BROS.,x Winchester stieet' Mrs. Robert Talbott, Austerlitz, 1st.cock; 1st cockerel; 1st hen.Santa Ciaus Headquarters.Our store as usual ia the .'place Old'Santa holds forth during the holidaysand this year is no exception. Hehas furnished us with a larger stuck ofeverything than ever before for thechilrden. Sleds, magic lanterns, Irishmails, boxing gloves, irums, horns,toy tea sets, velocipedes, toys, airguns,express wagons, fireworks, candies, fruits, nuts, raisins and all kindsof goodies to fill the stockings with.Be sure and see us and we will saveyou money.S4tLAVIN & CONNELL.IEBARBER - SHOPSoap Good for the Teeth.Soap is beneficial to the teeth; being an alkali, it counteracts acids,which are injurious to the enamel. Asimple way to clean the teeth is tohave a piece of curd soap kept for thepurpose. Wet the toothbrush, rublightly on the soap, dip in preparedchalk, and brush the teeth well; rinsewith tepid water. Two or three timesa week p- ' a few drops of myrrh Intothe rinsing water.Jews and Suicide.The Jewish World of London notesthat a proportionately greater numberof suicides occur among the Jews inEngland and in America than in thecountries in which the race meetswith the harshest treatment. This Issaid to be due to the fact that the Orthodox Jews of European countrieslook upon sell destruction as a crimeno less abhorrent than is murder,whilst many Anglicized Jews are morelax in their adherence to the teachings of their fathers.Modern Equipment.4 Barters, iHot and Cold Baths,!Polite Service, 4An ad aboutIron BedsteadsThere's a lot to tell you about them,more, we are afraid, than we willhave room for.But let's begin by saying that wehaye a nice large selection toshow you.They are heavily enameled, all sizes.Most of them have attractiveornamentation.The best ones cost the most of -course, but you can get a bed goodenough for anybody, full size, ,at little cost.But you had better first let us showline is ntve. o,""..,, ;,ict- what ouryou can quickly make a selection.ETivirGood FurnitureValuesDepend firstly and mostly on goodFurniture.There's more likelihopd of yourpaying too little than too much.If you look at the Furniture questionright, you'll decide to spend enough toget all the value that there is going.If you will let us, we can show youjust why our Furniture is worthyour attention and your money.Can let you see for yourself thepoints where it excels.Because it DOES excel there is nodoubt in the worlc about that.Buttermilk as a Valuable Food.The nutritive value of milk, as compared with buttermilk is not near sogreat as some appear to think. It isabout as 20 to 18 You get about asmany energy units out of a pint and aquarter of buttermilk as you uo out ofone pint of sweet milk. Besides, thebacteria of typhoid tend to die out inbuttermilk because of its acidity.ESlMpppl'fStSmiIw? vPda'wWvvl I BjemiEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty, iCARL CRAWFORDFOR SALE.Yillow and white sweet cloer seed.Buv juur seed now and save cost ofw inter storage. For particulars applyJOHN A. SHEEHN.Koute 4. 28-Ct Falmouth', Ky.BloodineOintmentCuresEczemaProperly Squelched.He I notice you call a great manyof your acquaintances cranks. 1 hopeyou do not consider me a crank. SheCertainly not! A crank is a personwith one idea, and 1 never heard anybody accuse you of having one.Itching- and BleedingPiles, Psoriasis, SaltEheum, Pimples, Baches, Dandruff and falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney. S C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."MM. MIIMMIMI II. III. I 11 WIIWUMW. T. Brooks, Agent.Wheeler FurnitureRofance! Building, Main and EjghtSi Sts., Pans, Ky.f Cash-Raising Sale Begins JTuesday. December 1 2, LaI rifoar Rprfnrrtnns nn Fntirp. Stork.KMen's Heavy Suits, worth up to S10, at $5.98,TVTWs Casimere Suits, worth up to $15. at 9.981Mpn's Assorted colors, values up to $18, at 12.501Ladies' Cloaks worth 10 5.00Ladies' Cloaks worth $12.50 6.2rjLadies' Cloaks worth S15 '.$U'SuitCases, worth 1.50 &&,Beys' Suits, values 1.7d to Sio'J i.'Boys' Suits, values $3 to $4.50 ' '2.75Felt Boots and Rubier Arties of all -kinds at lowprices. Come early while our stock is complete and getwants at tnese i n:es.yorJ. ELVOVE60S Main Street, Paris, Kentucky.&&.H&It15huViirMltrvtlnt:l!ftTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. i 9," 1911."h?s4vMWe Have Bought Out Entire $10,000 Stock of the Washington Cloak Co., of Indianapolis, IncL Consisting of8 Suits, Coats, Skirts and SDressesAnd Offer Every Garment in the Store at Half-Priee.This Sale will prositively prove to be the most enormous Sale ever held in Bourbon County, the kind the people are looking for.Suits in Ail-Wool, in all colors, Qfc Cloaks in all black, Mixtures and all leading shades, C4Elined with satin, regular value $10 &3 regular value $10 .. .. : :;L.l :...Waists, regular value $1.25 vvCThis Sale is Not Going to Last but a Short While, so You Had Better Come Early and Get First Pick.Corner 5th and Main.9IncorporatedKentuckyBoth Phones 129H0LIBAYFBRSALE FsHere is a list of Fur values that makes the Christmas Gift prublem easy of solution. Furs of the Embry standard at special prices command careful attention.They make a present that wears for years. Like Christmas, a sale of this charactercomes but once a year. It is a Holiday Sale in the strictest sense and the season'sgreatest opportunity.Fur Coats$250 Hudson Seal Coats ... $200165 Hudson Seal Coats 125110 French Seal Coats 85100 Russian Pony Coat 8085 Russian Pony Coat 7075 Russian Pony Coat 60 fFur Sets$200 Black Fox Set $150150 Pointed Fox Set...... 10090 Black Fox Set ;. 7565 Black Fox Set . 5050 Black Wolf Set 3560 Hudson Seal Set.. 4560 Natural Raccoon Set 4550 Red Fox Set 40Muffs$35 Black Fox Muff . $2530 Blue Wolf Muff 2020 Black Wolf Muff 1 518 Jap Mink Muff ;2 121 5 Sable Fox Muff 1010 Sable Fox Muff $7.507.50 Sable Opossum Muff 4.507.50 Black Opossum Muff 4.50All Separate Scarfs Go in This Sale at Great Reductions.EMBRY & C.MAIN STREET-LEXINGTON, ' KENTUCKY..THEATRICAL.( "TtlfT! nfRT. fT? MV nRWAMC" ATLEXINGTON.Mr. JoBeph M. Gates will present atthe Lexington Opera House Tuesdayand Wednesday and Wednesday matinee, Decebmre 19 and 20, John Haynsand Leila Mclntyre in the delightfulatmospheric musical play "The Girl ofMy Dreams.""The Grrl of My Breams"is described as an atmospheric musical play. Itis in two acts. Carl Hoachna is repsonsible for the music which he confidently asserts is even more alluring thanhis two former great successes. "TheThree Twjns" and ".Bright Eyes."Mr. Gates has engaged an excepticn-ally well balanced company of playersto support Hyans and Mcntrye, Theproduction is promised tc be a mostelaborate one, both from a scenic aswell as costume standpoint, togetherwith a special augmented orchestra.The sale of seats will open Saturdaymorning, December 16, and all orderssent to Manager Sott acccompanied bya remittacne will receive prompt attention. Special rates will be madeby the railroads.Dressed Fowls.All kinds of dressed fowls for theholiday trade. Chickens, duckks, turkeys, etc. Let us have your order,x BRAMBLETTE & TARR.m0$mKmmmmmmmmmmiAt Reduced Prices.Our finest perfumes in handsome cutglass bottle3 at reduced prices,tf CLARKE & CO.For Christmas.Beautiful line of doll?, tree ornaments and everything to make the little one happy.15 2t MISS JESSIE BROWN.Xmas Goodies.New stock of raisins, currants, figs,dates, citson, cake spices of all kindsand everything good for Christmas.x T. LENIHAN.The Best.If you are looking for the bestshaves and hair cuts call at Canal's.Polite and first class workmen readyto wait on you. Hot and cold baths,tf M. A. CAHAL.Order Early.Don't forget you will want a whitecake, black caketa plum pudding ormince meat for your Christmas dinner.If you want the good Holladay homemade kind you should order early.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.Christmas Headquarters.Make our store your shopping headquarttrs for Christmas. Everythingfor the little folk and grown up peoplein stock. Everything new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupstairs. High .grade goods at lowprices. ffPar$ 073ook Co.HolidaySuggestionsBeautiful Line of Gift Books ofEvery Description, Poems,Children's Books, &c.Leather Goods,Drinking Cups,Sweet Grass Baskets,Bridge and Euchre Score Pads in Brass,Creton Novelties for dressers,Denison's Holiday Decorations, &cChristmas Cards, Tags and'Dennison's Gum RibbonCrane's Latest Box Papers.An Elegant Line of Pictures.For the ChildrenCharacter Dolls, Games, Puzzles,Toys, Etc.vPicture Framing Our Leading Specialty, ,,I J aria Zjook Company .j:A4iNAT'L. FIVE & TEN CENT STORE.WTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19, 191 . 'm BOURBON NEWS.tijsALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGOPEN NIGHTS.From now until Christmasour store will be open everynight to accommodate Xmasshoppers. Beautifnl lot ofgifts to select from.J. T. HINTON.Nothing But the Best.The best line of staple and fancygroceries can be found at my store.x T. F. ROCHE.Choice Oranges.Our oranges were bought before theadvance If you want good ones cheapHoward's is the place.Eastern Stars to Meet.There will be a meeting of ParisChapter 167, E. S. this afternoon ac2:30 o'clock at the Mason's lodgercoms. Several candidates will be initiated. A full attendance is desired.Purest o Candies.A complete line of candies that willall ? tand the pure food test at Howsrd's. Ladies' Slippers,Ladies' fcouduoir slippers in all colors.xGEO. McWILLlAMS.Had Relatives in Bourboa.Mr. Joseph Bell, the Chesapeake &Ohio track walker, who was accidentally killed by a train near Maysvillelast week, was a brother of Mr. RobertBell, of Hutchison, this county.The Very Best.I handle nothing but the very best offresh and cured meats.x T. F. ROCHE.Mince Meat.Our mince meat is like mother usedto make.C. P. COOK.Wreck On C. 0.Nine freight cars were detailed atPreston, Bath county, on the C. & 0.Saturday and as a result traffic wasblocked nearly all that day. The fasttrains were detoured over the L. & N.and through this citv to Covington.Your Appetite.Cook's is the place to satisfy it.Giye. us your order early.SPECIALS.Specials in everyline forChristmas trade.E. M. WHEELER.xWill Receive Donations.A committee from the Woman'sSociety of the Christian church will beat the church Friday to receive donations for the Christmas baskets tobe distributed among the poor onChristmas morning.GIVE THAT BOY A RAINCOAT for his Christmas gift, $2.50to $4; or a Suit, $4 to $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Did Well With Bazaar.The Indies cf the Baptist churchclosed trcir three days bazaar held atthe stor- cf Mr. George Davis Satcr -day nieht nd were cry much grsti -tied with their succcs?. They realizedfrom the sale a profit of almost $130The pupils of Hie Baptist Sundayschool will give a Christmas entertain -ment one night this week.LEATHER GOODS.Our specialty fcr menondfcrwomen. Nolhine nicergifts, $5 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Year Order.We can fill it and fill it right.C. P. COOK.,Fine Wines.Champagne, liquors, imported anddomestic wines of all kinds tor theholiday trade. Let us fill sour order.x " T. F. BRANNON.Unite With Christian Church.Miss Mamie Dillard. cf Louisana, astudent at the Bourbon Female College, united with the Christian churchat the conclusion of the services Sunday morning. Mr. Cleveland, who resides on the farm of Mr. Miller Ward,on the Cynthiana pike, united by letter. The ordinance of Baptism wasadministered to Mrs. Robert Ferguson.Oranges fay the Box,We have plenty ofthem and aspreicy as you evei saw.C. P. COOK.OPEN AFTER SUPPER.Our store will be openevery night until after Christmr. for the accommodationof ( he holidsy shoppers. Comein and took over our stock.A. f. WHEELERS COPE8SQSAL MENTION.Miss Maria Templin ha3 returnedfrom a visit to Mt. Sterling.,Miss Julia Edwards is quite ill being threatened with pneumonia.Mr. Chas. Clark, of Lexington,was a visitor in the city Sunday.Rev, O B. Crocket t.of Lexington,was a visitor in the city yesteiday.Mr. Stanley Brown, of Mt. Sterling, was a visitor in the city yesterday. Mrs. W. R. Blakeniore is inChicago to spend the Christmas holidays. Judge and Mrs. Robt. L. Stout returned yesterday to their home inVersailles.Mr. Lee Cravens,' who has beenquite ill at his home near Little Rock,is improving.Mr, Edward Prichard is at homefrom Central University, Danville,for the holidays.Mr. George Gray, of Port Royal,Va., is visiting his sister, Mrs. JoeHouston, near this city.Mrs. Rebecca Hughes will leavetoday for a visit to Mrs, Sam Clay andMrs. Ed Taylor in Lexington.Miss Marguerite Douglas spentfrom Friday to Monday with MissLouise Myall in Millersburg.Mtb. Frank Farmer, of Danville,is viisting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. W. Eailywine in this city.Mr. Will Holt, of San Diego, Cal.,is here to spend Christmas with hisparents Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Holt.Mrs. "John Barns and daughter,Louise, of Mt. Sterling, are the guestsof Mrs. B. A. Frank on High street.Miss Elizabeth Hinton arrivedhome Saturday from Christian College,Columbia, Mo., to spend the holidays.Mrs. Thos. Allen and little daughter have returned from a visit to hermother, Mrs. Felix Ashbrook, in Cynthiana. Mr. James Stewart, cf Shelbyville, arrived yestreday to spend theChristias holidays with friends inthis city.Mrs. William Ardery dnd baby areLguasts of her parents, Rev. and Mrs.1 J. spenceY in Lexington for a fewcays this week,Mrs. Robert II. Winn has returnedto her home in ML Sterling after avisit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Jesse Turney.Mrs. Ed. Taylor, of Millersburgspent Saturday with Mrs. T.T. Templin and Sunday with Mrs. James Stivers in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. M. Shobe, ofSalem, N. J., are the guests of Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Butler and family forthe Christmas holidays.Hon. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson willleave Thursday for Little Rock, Ark.,to spend the holidays with theirdaughter, Mrs. Durand Whipple.Mr. Wood Clay leaves today forEustis, Fla , where he will spend thewinter with his father. Col. E. F. Clayat his winter home "The Bluffs."Mr. William Tesing, of Newport,who is a student at State University,Lexington, was the guest Sunday ofMr. Volney Ferguson, near Centerville. Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Stephens leftSaturday to spend the remainder ofthe winter in California with theirsuns, Drs. Barclay Stephens and JohnMiller Stephens. They will remainuntil March.Mr. H. Margolen will leave today1 for Purcell, Okla. , to visit his daughj ter, Mrs. Geo. Schwartz, and MissRcse Margolen, and to be present at' the wedding of the latter to Mr. Jos.I Baum at the home of Mrs. SchwartzI on January 1.The Alumni Chapter of Chij Omega Fraternity of TransylvaniaI Univeristy, .gave a luncheon in the, i ining room of the Phoenix Hotel inLexington Saturday. Those present. from this city wer Miss Mary Fithian1 Hutchcraf t and Mrs. 'Amos Turney,j Jr.! .. , , vr0..a ti;m0 fh nl! 3"UL 11JC11. uauKuici, iiaioo ucacic -L 1L1I1C11IHibler. to Dr. Otto Herrinkchl, ofL'dgarton, W. Va. The wedding willbj celebrated at the home of thebride's parents the latter part of January. Leather Goods.Purses, hill books and wallets makesuitable gifts for gentlemen,tf CLARKE & CO.You Want the best.Go to Cook's and see what he has toeat. You will find more and bettergoods than any place in Paris.Holiday Goods.We have just received a very largestock of holiday goods such as candies,nuts, figs, dates and the .best line oforanges and bananas to be had anywhere. A. W. COTTINGHAM.Warrant Dismissed.Green Jackson, colored, was beforeSquire Fretwell yesterday morning ona charge of a breach of the peace andhis trial resulted in .'the dismissal ofthe'warrant acainst him. He was arrested by Constable McKenney on complaint cf Jim Anderson, also colored.Fancy Fruits,All kindsof fancy baskets fittedcandies, etc., for ChristFEE'S.t with fruits,mas.CHRISTMAS NECKWEAR.Nowhere can you find sacha display of neckwear as youwiia f -nd atj. W. DAVJS & CO.S.Purchases Cottage.T. B. Towles bought of CliftonArnsparger this week a cottage onBrooks street in Paris for $625; "Christmas Whisky.No better whisky made in theworld than the kind we have in stock,Wigglesworth's Poindexter, Sam Clay,etc., bottled in bond.x T. F. BR ANN ON.BATHROBES FOR GIFTS.Nothing more suitable orpractical. You'll find a bigassortment here, $5 to $1 5.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Purchases Nicholas Farm.Mr. L. B. Barton, who recently soldhis home in Paris to Messrs. Harris &Speakes, has bought the Shannon farmin Nicholas county containing 81 acresat 43. 7o per acre.Fancy Fruits.We have 500 pounds of malaga grapes75 boxes of oranges and grape fruit",nuts, fig3 and rasins to correspond.All fancy.C. P. COOK.Purchases Farm in Madison.Mr. Bobert F. Penn, of Paris, haspurchased of Mr. John Chambers, hisfarm of 107 acres of well improvedland near Richmond and will movewith his family to the property thefirst of next week.TwoDollar Whiskey.i We have the best $2 per gallonwhisky on the markit. If you wantto feel like having a sure enoughChristmas this will certainly do thework.x T. F. BRANNON.Attention Holiday Shoppers.In your rounds don't overlook thefact that our store is the mecca forthe wise buyers. Our store is crowdedto overflowing with suitable and sensible Christmas gifts. No trash, something that every man and boy wouldappreciate on Christmas morning canbe found here.x PRICE & CO.An Unusual Petition.A petition in bankruptcy of an unusual nature was filed in the UnitedStates Court at Frankfort last week.The petition is that of Thomas J.Flora, of Paii?. Mr. Flora's, assetsare absolutely nothing while 'his liabilities will reach the enormous amountof $198,242. It is believed this is thelargest amount of indebtedness evershown in a bankruptcy case in Kentucky where there was not a dollar ofassets to back it up.Famous Cakes.Stone's famous fruit cakes and plumpuddings for Crhistmas.x FEE'S.An Invitation.You are cordially invited tocall and inspect ourbeautiful line of holiday goods'such aspictures, framesCrane's fancy stationerygift booksGames, dollsnovelties of all kinds 'Paris Book Co.Paris, Ky.Will Give Prizes to Pupils.Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Wallis ofthis city, who owns a line farm nearStony Point, have annoucned to thepupils of the Stony Point school, thatthey will give one gold medal each, tothe boy and girl making the best improvement in their studies from thefirst of January, 1912, to the first ofMay, 191?.Prices RightWe were'in Cincinnati last week andhought our stock of Christmas goodsand bought them at the rieht pricesand will offer them to the public atvery low figures. Buy your fruits,nuts and candie3 of us and we will saveyou money,x J. E. CRAVEN.Christmas Wet Goods.The best old whiskies bottled inbond, Sam Clay, Poindexter, Bond &Lillard, Vanhook, in pints and quarts.Best bulk whisky in the world,x TURF EXCHANGE.LOST.A black leather Boston bag, containing surgical instruments and bandageslost between Fifth street in Paris andJames Woodford's residence on Glintonville pike. Suitable reward for return of bag and instruments to undersigned or to News office.DRS. FITHIAN & DAUGERTY,Paris, Ky.Notice to Stockholders.The Stockholders of th BourbonBank, of Paris, Ky., will meet at thebanking house on Mondav, January 1,1912, between the hcurs of 9 a. n. and3 p. m,. to tlsct directors for the ensuing year.BUCKNEk WOODFORD, PresidentS. E. BEDFORD. Cashier.Notice 4o Stockholders.The Stockholders of the DcpositBark of Paris, Ky., will meet at thebanking noue on Monday, Januaiy I,1912, between the hours of 9 a. in anJ3 p. m., to elect Directors for the ensuing year.J. M. T-IALL. Prc?id-t.C. K. THOMAS, Caskfer.'Fine Wines and Old Liquors.For the finest old whiskies in thebulk and bottled in bond, champagne,rum and wines, cordjels, liquors, etc.,give us a call. We have the good?.Fine stock for the holiday tradp.x B. WEISSBERG.Leases Storeroom.Mr. J. W. Jones, of this city, hasleased the storeroom in the- Tempi inbuilding on South Main street and willin a few days open a shoe, repair shop.Mr. Jones will install machinery andconduct the business upon a largescale.Christmas Wines.Champagne and all other kinds ofwines both domestic and imported.All the best brands on the market.x TURF EXCHANGE.Flyer!The Ideal Christmas Gift.Nothing will make the Childrenso happy. Don't buy themsimply a "steering sled." Getthem a Flexible Flyer, the safest,speediest, most economical sledmade.Will 0utLast Three OrdinarySleds or Cheap Imitations.Runners are grooved to preventskidding on ice or snow.Saves shoes, prevents wet feetand colds. Get light and strong.Get the genuine.Daugbwty Bros3-A BitelflHi fir!Jj rSm" s-.SkFlexibleHappkjf&4f"IXMASOur Display of, Novelties, Dolls,Toys, Etc.Is the Largest in the History of Our Business. Weare offering more specials than ever before. Comein and look the lines over, it will be worth your while.Special attention is called to ourHandkerchief Department.See our big values in Umbrellas, Hosiery, Neckwearand Gloves. Come and save money.W. EdSanta ClanssCashFee'sFor Friday and SaturdayPURE FOOD PRODUCTSPure New Orleans Cane Syrup per gallont tins 65cPure Illinois Sorghum Molasses,, per gallon tins 65cPure Kentucky Comb Honey, per lb 15cPurity Flour (best made) per 100 lbs $3.00Irish Potatoes per peck 30c, per bushel $1.20Fairy Patent Flour, 24 pound sack 70cHubig's Pies and Stone's Cakes.,IIFEE'SLvcryoociyAvoid worry by doing your shopping here.Our attractions insure the greatest pleasurein buying, and the most joy in receiving.We represent all things as they are, and regulate the price by the true value of the article.Here are somp especial values:Gold and Fearl Han died Umbrellas in a variety of attractive designs, $3.50.Solid Gold Cuff Links, ladies' and boys' size,$1.75 pair; larger size $2.50 pair.Cut Glass Pitchers, beautiful floral design,$4 each; Tumblers to match $9 per dozen. 'Sterling Silver Comb, Brush and Mirror Sets inattractive cases, $1 2.75 to $28.We are exclusive agents for the "Q. &: Cguaranteed gold rings.Make your selections now and have them .reserved.ALWAYS RELIABLEmmmzr--r-,' , ,-.-,:TrSa HWvf.,,M;.rJzr.v-tTSI'PSSki- Pr"' jTOfsitTuckerHeadquartersimmkO Iopeudis.It-'4ItmVsaisi M'ilMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19, 1911MiiAmiCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.J9B&Etnr , ,. , ,. I4xWlLBUR P. NESB1TIffffllffinternational ttasoiine k?-- J2JJN UJJN mom.-IVimrAchingbones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure Jbotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMlPLBTREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlnmbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,$sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this wav making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms. IB. a. is. has macie tnousanas 01-cares of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S.uwtss:nt free by writing Bloodurn o . Atlanta, Ga. Describeynr trouble end free medical advicegiron. 03 id by Varden & Son.Cement For Sale.finmmnnnnnDifferent.Willie "Did the doctor make youtake nasty medicine when you weresick?" Freddie "No; it was fatherwho made me take it" Judge.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO. 7BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadly.mercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for houie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Announce in en tI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handlel yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohoma andTexas, on sale the first and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip Winter Tourist Fares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call tfn.orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Russian Limit for Marriage.No person over SO years of age canmarry in Russia, according to the lawof that country.W.C.HESTERIts Uusual Place."Sir. 1 want your daughter's hand.""Well, my boy, you can probably getit if you feel around in my pocket"5immmw&wBN4fl5wZ!i TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fail and Winter StrictlyAH-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Orey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest modals, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $ 15.Overcoats in evey new cut and weave, prices range from7 53, $10, $12.5 $15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made. , mAlso the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at S4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, $2.5u, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns. 'Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.L. WOLLSTEINjjgg Clothing and Shoe Department.siDa's all right, Mlstah Norf Win', ef yo'please, suh, yo kin res'.No need ter howl en holler ei ter blowyo' level bes'. 'I unnahstan you' meanln' when yo' slamde wobbly do'En whlssle thoo de bruk place In de middle o' de flo'.Doan' think dat I ain heah yo, en doanlet sech things upset yo'De fust time dat yo' whispehed, MlstahNorf Win', w'y, I got yo'!Hit's all right, Mlstah Norf Win, butmah straw hat's all I gotDey ain' no call ter blow It clean acrostdat vacum lot.( I knows my pants dey flappln en deymoughty wo'n en thinWId nothin ondehneath dem but mynachul trimbly skin.Yo' sho' mus' be mistooken ef yo' let disjob upsot you'De minute dat ye' tech me, Mlstah NorfWin', w'y, I got yo'!Um-yessuh, Mistah Norf Win' I's a cogltatin' nowUhbout de which en why-so, en de whahen when en how.Yo' needn keep on blowin' thoo dis 111ol' summah coat,En hintin' how ol' wintah time am sho'ter git mah goat.Doan' git so hasty-minded lak dey somepin' done upset yo'I's giving' yo' attention, Mlstah NorfWin' I done got yo'.I spose I bes' git ma'led but de onesdat's big en stoutMought come down wid rheumatics, ermought boss me all about.En dem dat's young en lively w'y, deyap' ter bring bad luck;Dey sometimes got fool notions dat a hus.ban' ought ter wuk.Blow easy, Mlstah Norf Win', en doan'let sech things upset yo'De fust time dat yo' drapped in, MistahNorf Win', w'y, I got yo'!Revenge at Last.An aged man, who was on hisdeathbed, called his lawyer to him,and said he would make his will."I find," he said, "that the man towhom I wish to leave my fortune1 isstill alive. Please draw up my willand state in it that if my fortunewere one-third greater than twicewhat it would have been if I hadgained ten per cent on an investmentof six-eighths of what it now is forforty years, it would be nine-sixteenthsgreater than it was when itwas one-eighteenth less than twofifths of what would be left after giving thirty-two ninety-ninths of it toa deserving charity and expendingone-seventh of one-third of the sumof the two remainders on stocks whichlost four per cent. Tell him if he canwork that out in his head he can haveall I've got." m"But, sir," said the lawyer, "that isan odd will. The heir is apt to tryto break it.""He will understand," said the man,with a bitter sigh. "He was my mental arithmetic teacher. I warned himhim I'd get even with him some day."Our Five-Foot Shelf."Dr. David," Marjorie BentonCooke's new story, comes to ourshelf. It is the sort of good writingthat makes good reading. Miss Cookehas the gift of telling a story whichsurreptitiously compels the reader tothink, which is good for the readerand good for the story."Human Confessions" is a book byDr. Frank Crane, our good friend' ofthe cloth pulpit and table. FrankCrane, in our humble opinion, is thebest thinker in this part of the world,and thinks the best thoughts. "HumanConfessions" is made up of brief observations on men and things andsentiment of various kinds. Simple,honest, unaffected, eschewing thelong word and the involved phrase,showing a wide knowledge of historyand philosophy and science and artwithout' flaunting it in one's eyes."Human Confessions" is going to helpall of us who read it.Easy Matter."Mr. Lamb dropped a hundredthousand in a wheat corner yesterday." "Silly thing. I suppose he'll be cutting all the wheat plants down nowtrying to find his money."Almost.Grocer Did that watermelon I soldyou do for the whole family?Customer Very nearly. The doctorIs calling yet.'';tAll Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.rMENWhen afflicted with disease, do not waste yourhard-earned money andvaluable time experimenting with uncertaintreatments, butftflMir Tft lieOur long experience has taught us what to do fromfc.u- kBff aow, Let m tare toumoney, time and suffering. Don't let lack ormoney keep you away. Jr you are out of work youcan rranie to pay our a mall profesilonal fee lateron. Ho lona of time while taking our treatmentyou can keep right on with your work.IF YOU d SUFFER jairaftrnlmosls, Hydrocele, Varicocele, Stricture, BloodPoiion, Rheumatism, Ulcers, Sores, Skin Diseases,or Nervous Debility, or any special ailment thathasjbeen hanging on for weeks or months, resistingthe treatment of various doctors and druggistsuntil you are discouraged call and let ui ifaowjoo howqulokly such troubles can be cured by theilCllT treatment.For free QuuUon List andauuit un juen uittatei.WRITECincinnati Men-Specialist Go,,oai. walnut St., Cincinnati, O.Olive Trees Centuries Old.Olive trees of Syria live to a greatage. Some, known to be over 4,000years old, are still in a flourishingcondition and likely to bear fruit formany years to come.Monumental Majority.If one could get the vote of thosewho feel worse the day after a holidaythan they did the day before, he probably could be elected. Atchison GJobe.stops mm ixTf vott T.rs F'ifftrin.'? from Eczema,Psoriasis 'ur a:i olner kind of skintrouble, drop into o'T store for instant relief. V e will guarantee youto stop that itch in two seconds.A 25c trial bottle will prove it."We have sold other remedies forskin trouble, but none that we couldrecommend more hiarhly than the wellknown compound of Oil of "Wintercrom, Thvnol and a fev. other ingredients tuat have wrought such wonderful euros all over the country.This comi'oniJ. known as D. D. D.Prescrijition. vill euul and heal theitcliv. burning skin as nothing elsecan. "jpt a r-srul.ir bottle :.nd see on.our no-pay oifer.G. S. Varden & Son.rrrmluargoien s.V fThe Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham;Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,L.Paris, Ky.GiganticSaleHolidayAtTwin Bros. DepartmentStore, beginningSaturday,December 16,Display of ToysiDrygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Furs, Shoes, Millinery.TWIN BROS..Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky2AJf&mwzLmmmmi.MwmINSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.tofccvV-;One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The5'Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 AgentMISS JESSIE BROWNArjt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties,E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAATO ALL SOUTHERN RESORTS0I SAG DAILYVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTED.9 imsiJhMiiuairriliftD2NIKG CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912FOR FULLPARTIGUURS, CALL OH ANY TICKET AGENT, QUEEH & CRESGENT ROUTEOR WHITEB.C. KINO, PMMntCT-nd Ticket Agent, ,0, E. Main St., LEXINGTON, KY., .- ...--a y-.It.wJ..tS6r; miLa.ij 4 4& -i 'a UiliwMHBkTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19, 1911.IF YOU HAVE A SICKLYYOUNGSTER TRY THIS FREEHoliday Gifts Made of RibbonsmmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDThe family with young childrenthat is without sickness in the housenow and then is rare, and so it is important that the head of the houseshould know what to do in the littleemergencies that arise. A child witha serious ailment needs a doctor, it istrue, but in the majority of instances,as any doctor knows, the child suffersfrom some intestinal trouble, usuallyconstipation.There is no sense Jn giving it a pillor a remedy containing an opiate, noris flushing of the bowels to be alwaysrecommended. Rather give it a smallIose of a mild, gentle laxative toniclike Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,-which, by cleaning out the bowels andstrengthening the little stomach muscles, will immediately correct the trouble. This is not alone our opinion butthat of Mrs. N. H. Mead of Freeport,Kan., whose granddaughter has beentaking it successfully and of Mrs. J.R. Whiting of Lena, Wis., who givesit to her children and takes it herself.It is sold in fifty cent and one dollarbottles at every drug store, but if youwant to test it in your family beforeyou buy it send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will forward a trialbottle free of charge.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Monticello,111." "" " " ' "" "" "" " PT4AGerms Spread in SkinEczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofgerms at work in the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly multiply, gnawing theirway deep into the sensitive tissue.This is what causes that awful itch,and what seemed a. mere rashmay grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing skin diseasewith its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thecrerms at the beginning of the troublewith that soothing and cleansing wash,the D. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.A 25c bottle will prove this to you.We have had experience with manyremedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures asthose from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the very first application. "We are so confident that D. D. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle fails to make good every claim.If you have skin trouble of anykind, we certainly advise you to dropin and investigate the merits of D. D.D. anyway. We know that D. D. D,will help you.G. S. Vaidsn & Son.ITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchtmtil you feel as if you could, almosttear the burning .skin from, your bodyRiil it seems as if you could nolofeger endure these endless days ofatwful torture those terrible nightsf sleepless agony.T&eii a few drops of D. D. IX, thafamous Eczema Specific and, Ohi whatrelief I The itch, gone instantly! Comfort and rest at last ID. J. D. is a simple external wash.that cleanses and heals the inflamedsflria 3s nothing else can. A. recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltRheum or any other skin trouble.We can give you a full size bottleof the genuine D. IX T. remedy- for$L.0 and if the very first bottle failsto sive relief it will not cost you aoeat."We also can give you a sample botUe for 25 cents. Why surfer anotherflay -when you can get D. D. J.ZG. S. Varden & Son.Daily Thought.For the best and sweetest is not amatter o circumstances; it is noteven success and love. It is being intune. Anna Puller.Act at Once.Defer not till tomorrow to be wise;tomorrow's sun to thee may neverrise. William Congreve.Post of Honor.When vice prevails and impiousmen bear sway, the post of honor isthe private station. Aduison.m No More Worry."Party that lost purse containing$20 need worry no longer it has beenfound." Brooklyn Life.Holly Four Centuries Old.Germany has a specimen of holly410 years old.It Startled the World.when the astounding claims werefirst made for Bucklen's Arnica Salvebut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them true, and everywhere it is now known as the bestpalve on earth for burns.boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Only 25c at Oberdor-fer's.THE PARIS&iQuicK Lvnch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.I343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.IiwJInnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tf EastTenn. Phoe 669ASHAMEDOFHERFAGE"I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Pickard of North Carolina. "Itwas all full of pimples and scars, hutafter using D. D. D. Prescription forEczema I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema and that wasthree years ago."This is but one of thousands of casesin which D. D. D. has simply washedaway the skin trouble. D. D. D.cleanses the skin of the germs of Eczema, Psoriasis and other serious skindiseases; stops the itch instantly, andwhen used with D. D. D. soap the curesseem to he permanent. Nothing likeD. D. D. for the complexion.Trial bottle 25 cents, enough toprove the merit of this wonderful remedy. "We can also give you a full sizebottle for $1.00 on our absolute guarantee that if this very first bottle failsto give you relief it will cost you nothing. G. S. Varden & Son.ublt If S'oTK I XMff'The IdealReading LampOpticians agree that the light from a good oil lamp iseasier on the eyes than any other artificial lightThe Rayo Lamp is the best oil lamp made.It gives a strong, yet soft, white light; and it never flickers. It preserves the eyesight of the young ; it helps and quickens that of the old.You can pay $5, $1 0, or $20 for other lamps, but you cannot getbetter light than the low-priced Rayo giyes.Made of solid brass, nickel-plated. Easily lighted, without removing shade or chimney. Easy to dean and rewick.Dealerr crerywhere ; or write for deicriptive circular direct to any agency of theStandard Oil Company(Iaeerporsied)Nothing more elegant could be chosen for Christmas gifts than the lovelydress accessories shown here, madeof ribbons. From the plain, neat cravat bow of velvet ribbon to the longfringed sash of satin, they represent afashionable selection and a long rangeas to prices.The sash is made on a coveredfoundation of canvas. The buckle isof rat-tail braid and both sash endsare finished with fringe.Gold gauze and light colored satinribbons are used for the hair bands,decorated with ribbon flowers in dainty colors. Silk or velvet maiden-hairfern is used with them, and rhinestonedewdrops add a sparkling finishingtouch.A shirred band of narrow satin rib-wtf$ ttoifavfwlfopeERHAPS, first of all,hope is needed atChristmas time and inChristmas shopping. Forthis season which tradition has builded up asthe gladdest, merriesttime of all the year, inreality for the majorityis an anxious, overburdened, dreaded period In modernlife the gift load has increased alongwith other complexities, has becomein the majority of cases almost tooweighty to be borne, hanging heavyon the consciousness from midsummer to December 25th. Desperationdrives us to seek solution of the painful riddle, and at least a glimmeringof light seems to come our way. Indesperation we resolve, seeing noother help in this so urgent need, touse a little new thought, mental healing, or whatever you call it that issupposed to make hard things easy.And this glimmering of light wewould have penetrate the darkness ofothers. Hence these lines.Suppose you have a list of half ahundred "expecting" from you. Inwhich case, we make bold to advise,don't knit your brows over the disjointed combination of your flat purseand their expectations and give it allup as hopeless or at least bungling;just put on a new thought, or mentalhealing expression and hope. Declareto yourself: "I am not going toworry, come what may; for the firsttime in these many distraught yearsI'm going to make a stagger at enjoying Christmas, every bit of it thesurvey of that army of expectants,the survey of resources, the study offifty diverse tastes and wants, theheroic endeavor to minister to thesewants with purse lean as shrunkshanks of Shakespeare." Just forcea smile mental healing, or newthought and drive ahead. Inwardlyaffirm, and outwardly express, "All'swell, all's coming out right," then goon down town for the test.But, so the smile will not rub off,the inward and outward serenity benot roughened, we beg you go early;it is most dangerous to put thebon is finished with rosettes 'of knotted loops. It is intended for a littlegirl and is made of light pink satinribbon shirred over narrow elastictape.Two neck pieces are shown withsmall pendant ribbon flowers. Theseare made in all colors. One consistsof a cluster of loops of baby velvetribbon, having ends finished with pendent flowers. The other is a smallbow of wider velvet with three pendant flowers.Roses made of satin ribbon arespangled with rhinestone dewdropsand mounted with millinery foliage.They are intended for the hair or corsage and are often used in other ways,instead of the natural rose. They arescented with rose perfume.strongest resolution, sturdiest effort,on trial in the maelstrom of afterluncheon Christmas shopping. Themad mob that at this time surgesthrough aisles, jostles and tramplesin elevators, bangs heavy doors onweak ones struggling in the rear, thismad mob might prove a successfulserpent in that paradise of serenityenveloping you.If you are calm and smiling inmaking your purchases, of course itmay startle the girls behind thecounters, cause no little agitation, butthey'll recover and you'll have themfairly hypnotized, can get out of themalmost anything you will. We triedit yesterday ourselves with markedsuccess, got through a list of muchlength in miraculously short order.The shopping proved quite a socialsuccess, exchange of courtesies rather than mere exchange and barter;and, fooling aside, really not the deadly, deadening, nerve-racking, loathsome, unholy, un-Christian fightChristmas shopping has been with usthis many a day. And, fooling aside,we really found quite a lot of fairlygood things to be had at moderateoutlay, believe the things came toview partly because we were not fussing and fuming about the matter.By the way, does not Bernard Shawdeclare that about the only folk thathave manners nowadays are the folkthat serve behind counters? To somethe manners may spell mere servil-'ity, bespeak inferiority on the part ofthe well-mannered; but there arestill left a few people in this age offalling-down of every good old standard that cling secretly to a liking forcourtesy and graciousness, are ableto recognize it as the real thingthough apparently presenting itself assomething offered for sale, to be hadfor money. And there is no finerthing in this season of strike and illwill than the infinite patience andheroic calm of the girl behind thecounter.After you have hopefully and smilingly made those hopeful purchasesand the purchases have arrived atyour domicile, without delay, set towork at doing them up; we beg of youfor the success of the experimentdon't wait till the eleventh hour forthe sticking of the Christmas stickers,the tying of the everlasting Christmas ribbon, the endless addressingand weighing and stamping. Thereis nothing so calculated to make youhate this maddest, merriest season ofDickens' fancy as having to huntaround at the last moment for wrapping paper and string and appropriateboxes and tissue paper and cards andall the rest of the lumber essential to"getting things off." In gift-packingat glad Christmas time numberlessbrittle tempers are broken, nuiriber-Jless resisting tempers cracked.Good Work Bone Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!-i2.iQ25TRE J9B ReO.fflS 0FTHEBRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDVCATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork,Qur type is new and modernfaces 'tu Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.74uuiuuuimmlrrmrWiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 19 1911.,ftI'H 'Will Close OnChristmas.yards willDur offices and coalclosed Christmas day.STUART & O'BRIEN.SPEARS & SONS.YERKES & PRICHARDTEMPLIN & GO.DODSON & DENTON.. J. S. WILSON & BRO.beHouse Slippers. ,- ull line of ladies' and misses' house-uppers."GEO. McWILLIAMS.Christmas Wet Goods.The best old whiskies bottled inbond. Sam Clay, Poindexter, Bond &Lillard. Vanhook, pints and quarts.Betrt bulk whisky in the world.x TURF EXCHANGE.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Sale This Morning.Don't forget the sale this morningat ten o'clock of the Walls properly inWhile Addition. Harris & Speakeswill conduct the sale.-- For the Holiday Trade.03uy your Christmas nuts atatd's he has the best.Holiday Fares.ifHowA Sensible Present.Get a Christmas present that is use-' Particulars.tuI a, pair of shoes or house slippersfor crentlemen and ladies J15 ot DAVID FELD. uanLow round trip ratps via QuenCrescent route. Excursion tickets willbe sold December 13,16, 17, 20, 21, 22,23, 24, 25, 30 and 31, 1911, and January1, 1912. Pinal limit to return January8, 1912. Ask your ticket agent forWTA. BECKLER,General Passenger Agent,Cincinnati, Ohio.nnr-"'fr'"-'"?J'cs:,Jr'"e3aigf"11 vtm r rt -4 i Huinsiiiias sPeier&$tiQe kSU8GEST0NS"Christmas is NEAR.We beg o call the attention of the men ofBourbon County thatwe offer our Clothing atd Shoes, which come fromthe best and most reputable houses m America, at aFar Greater Reductionthan they were ever offered to the people of BourbonCounty. Come m and we will show you our qualityand price. Come and be convinced.3oClothing,JandGents' Furnishings. Boots715 and 717 Main Street,Paris, - Kentucky9Shoes,See the Festoons, la Vallere at McConnell's. xBuy your Christmas present atMock's. Store open at night.Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Hunter left Monday for San Antonio Tex., for thewinter.The young ladies of the Senior Classof M. b C. did well with their bazaarSaturday evening.Mr. R. L. Tart and family left Wednesday for Florida whee they willspend the winter.Misses Bettie Rese, of Shannon, andMaud Knight, of Elizaville, are guestsof Miss Ruth Stirman.The Woman's Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church will meet Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at thechurch.Mrs. K. R. Vaught, of Parker, Ind..is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. T. D. Judy and will remain untilafter the Christmas holiadys.Mr. Wm. Ualdwin left for his homeat Maysville Friday after spending afew days w.ith his brother and sister,Mr. Ellis Baldwin "2nd Mrs. E. H.Kerr.Dr. C. C. Fisher, president o.f M. F.C, will return ftoday from Washington, D. C, where he has been in attendance for a week at the NationalAnti-Saloon League Conference.Every cash dollar spent at McConnall's jewelry store is guaranteed toget value received in the newest andmost up-todate goods, besides on theNew Year watch to be given awaythat das. 12 6tWe have a full line of jewelry andChristmas novelties and would be gladto have you call and inspect our stockbefore making your Christmas pur-A RON McCONNELL,12 4t Jeweler and Optician.Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Burroughsentertained with a dining a numbpr oftheir friends on Friday in honor of Dr.and Mrs. F. W. Troy, who will probably leave today. Dr. and Mrs. F. A.Herbert entertained on the same datewith a six o'clock dinner in theirhonor. Mrs. Troy was given quite nsurprise when on going to the diningroom she found at her place a versearranged for her. On opening thepaper it contained a check fo $25 fromthe Ladies Aid Society. Mrs. Troyhas been one ot the most active workres this society has ever haa here.A horse belonging to Mr. J. H. Linville which was left standing in frontIi oVrJHBVa-iKJ vFwmEjUZm&EPxB1mMswmmBEgeBGverp Bap a Bargain Dap at Our StoreSALf&aairtMartb3fegdHaEimmm9atmai58hi&An immense purchase of the entire output of one of this country's foremostmanufacturers of Holiday Shoes and Slippers, enables us to offer the largest andfinest assortment of Holiday Footwear ever displayed in this city, consisting ofthe newest novelties in fancy and plain designs in leathers, plush and felt.ONLY FIVE MORE DAYSto dispose of this enormous purchase, we have therefore marked them at pricesfar less than other dealers pay for them. The lots are complete; the selectiongreater; the bargains irresistable. Truly, a gift worth having.We have a large assortment of Misses' and Children's Trooper Boots, just thething for a useful Christmas gift.Ladies' White Buck Button Shoes, $4 and $5 values, Special $2.99 and $3.49.DAN336 Main StreetCOHENParis, Kentucky.of the store of Mr. J. P. Auxier Saturday morning became frightened andran off, demolishing the buggy. Itwas a family horse and perfectlygentle. Some small boys who wereplaying around frighteningjthe horae.Holly wreaths at Mock's.The Young Men's Dancing Club willgive their annual Christmas hopThursday night.iUr. George Reynolds and Miss Mat-tie Butler returned Saturday after aweek's visit to reaitives at Augusta.Mrs. J. C. Leer entertained with adining Friday in hunor of the eightythird birthday of her aunt, Mrs. M. J.Caldwell.Turkeys and chickens for the Christmas market, dressed or undressed.Speak for them early.J. P. AUXIEK.Cut glass and sterling silver at Vi-mont's. We have many handsome..pieces. Make your selection whilethere is a choice.Our assortment of dolls is the besjtin town. See them and be convinced.We have yet a few choice ones left.LOO IS VIMONT.Miss Ethel Johnson will entertainWednesday afternoon at 2:30 in honorof Miss Edith Myall, of Paris, andMiss Marie Louise Cray, of this place.You want our Headly box candy. Itis absolutely pure and put up in attractive boxes. Just the thing forChiistmas. 'LOUIS VIMONT.The store of Mr. J. P. Auxier wasentered Thursday night and about $50worth of goods taken. The thievesmade their entrance through the frontwindow and escaped by the back door.See our handsome line of queenswareand especially our handoome plates.Just what you want for Christmas.L. T. VIMONT.Misses Mattie and Lucia Butler willentertain Friday evening Up youngfolks of the community in honor ofMr. :.7. Clark Leer, Jr., and MissMaiie Louise Cray who are to ba united in marriage on December 27.Mrs. U. V. W. Darlington, wife ofRev. Darlington, died at her home inHuntington, W. Va., Thursday evening at seven o'clock after a few hoursillness of acute ii, digestion. She wasformerly Miss Lyda Hord Clarke andwas the youngest daughter of Mr. andMrs. C. C. Clarke, of this place. Herlife from childhood until after hermarriage was spent in and aroundMillersburg.The lemains arrived at the home ofDr. W. M. Miller Friday evenincr onthe 6:35 train accompanied by the hus-,band and two little children. She isalso survived by one brother, Mr. C.C. Clarke. Jr., of Millersburg. Thefuneral took place Saturday morningfrom the Methodist church and wasconducted by Dr. W. T. Vaughn, pastor of the Methodist church, at Carlisle, who performed the marriageceremony of Rev. and Mr3. Darlingtonten years ago last Octooer. He wasassisted by Rev. Simms, ot Paris,,and Swift of Millerbsurg. Interemcntin Millersburg cemetery. The floraltributes were numerous and beautiful.Those from a distance who attendedthe funeral were Messrs. C. N. and E.H.Thornburg, Samuel Say re, Mrs.JohnFallarice, Mrs. Stuart Bowman, ofHuntington, V. Va., Mrs. Sam Stqfer,Mrs. Ed Price, Mrs. J C. Car rick,Lexington; Mr. and Mrs. Henry Power, Rfev. J. S. Simms, Paris, and Dr.W IV Vaughn, of Carlisle.L. JN. Wreck.3 Eight freight cars on the L. & N.through freight train from Cincinnatito Knoxville and Atlanta, left thetrack at Morgan, a small station aboutforty miles north of Paris yesterday.No' one was hurt.Passengers of the local passengertrain from Cincinnati were transferred at Morgan and brought on theParis train which, ran an hour and ahalt late. The fast train from Cincinnatit o the South, due to arrive hereat 10 17, was detoured by way ofMaysville, arriving here en time.Read the Big Ad.Read over the pjge advertis ementof Hinton's. Many suggestions forChristmas presents. The store will beopen every night until Christmas forthe benefit of shoppers. No trash advertisedor sold. xChristmas Headquarters.Make our store your shopping headquarters for Christmas, everythingfor the little folk and grown up peoplein stock. Everything new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupstairs. High grade goods at lovrprices 'NAT'L. FIVE & TEN CENT STOREFine Canhies.Finest stock of fancy box candies,Also nice lot of bulk candies at popular prices. tx BRAMBLETTE & TARR.Fancy Candies.Fancy box candiesNothing but the beiChritsmas presents.xof all kinds.;t. Make niceFEE'S.IISuggestions.A visit to our store will offer many suggestions as to appropriate and useful articlesgifts.. We have:for1 . w8T2i9l Jft 'L.At The Big Electric Sign.Steel Roller Beaten Biscuit Makers,Brass and Japanned Fire Screens,Brass Fire Sets and Coal Hods,Ice and Roller Skates,Velocipedes, FJyer Sleds, Steel Wagons V-Gillette, Durham and Enders Safety Razots,. Rogers 1847 Knives, Forks and Spoons,Carving Sets, Fruit Knives and many useful articles,which will appeal to the housewife.cmsmjM3&'EjBBMKThZIJoNov on Display.i vIMy stock of Christmas goods is now , Yon display and embraces candies, nutsand rfuits of every variety. Call and.Osee what I have and you will not Soelsewhere. Xx T. P. ROCHE. ODolls.Come in and look at my stock ofdulls just for the pleasure of seeingtneui whether you want to buy or not.They are beautiful and in endlessvariety.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Case Beer $1.75.Order a case of Lion Beer for familyuse, 51.75 per case 36 bottles to thecase,x T. F. BRANDON.DEATH.JBB71 t nSfehPJlT W9Xrj AcSrtL JK& Ar TCopyright 1910, by the btandard Adv. CoffllJZFJREEDOMAiANKACCOUNTFT QUAL rights to all.That right permits you to possessj freedom to every intent and purpose, but freedomfrom want or loss of social position can only come byproviding for the future. This can only be done with aBank Account, depositing as much of your earnings aspossible as often as you can.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsijMrs. Virignia Board, aged 73years, died at the home of her son,Wickliffe Board, in Winchester, Saturday afternoon of infirmities incidentto old age.Mrs. Board has been in a criticalcondition for several weeks prior toher death. She was the mother of Mr.W. E. Board of this city and for several years had been making her homewith her s.on in Winchester.The' remains were taken to Harrodsburg where the funeral was held yesterday and the interement took placein the Harrodsburg cemetery.Mrs. A. J. Robprts aged 30 years,died at her home on South Main streetyesterday morning at an early hourafter an illness of more than a yearwitn tuoercuiosis. ceiore marriageMrs. Roberts was Miss Lula Baker, ofMt. Sterling.Mrs. Roberts is survived by her husbandand four small chilrden, threesons and one daughter Mary Ruth,Howard, Alfred and Walter D. Roberts. Her mother, four sisters, Mrs.James Marklan, of Paris, Mrs. JohnCostgin, Misses Lydia and BirdieBakei and two brothers, Messrs. Collins and Abner Burke, of Mt. Sterilng.The funeral services will be held sther late residence Wednesday afternoon at two o'clock conducted by Elder Carey E. Morgan and Rev. J. S.Simms. The interement will takeplace in the Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers jcvill be Dr. Wm.Kenney, J. W. Wind, W. C. Dodson,John H. . Ewalt, Granville Denton.John Mastm,Lucille Watson, aged 10 years,died at the nome of her parents, Mr..and Mrs. R. E. Watson on the Bethlehem pike yesterday morning after aweek's illness of menigitisThe funeral will be held this morning at 11 o'clock at the grave in theParis cemetery. The services will beconducted by Elder Carey E. Morgan.ir IS T im; OF PUR XCapita! $1005000Surplus $30,000oooo0oo'1$.$$fri sssse?vS. vrSU1LJLH13 Jte nf. H .Ti'fyfiu jk&s. &.?C I hniA t -rHzr5;ihiTS.- ;7t'JSStates better ahie lo mec: your rcc- fiments in exclusive sf iccticni" cf Dinner. Jsin unique and ditioci,-e .103; i:jSilverware va'ouht L &.;;; jcriencect artisans; Geld JevveTrj' o ref.ned zudartistic character: S! siHeld Siverw!hard metal with ailvcr-cbctroplaSo;twareofsterling,.;(:vr.aCI.Unfer-'iy;i 1icddms mskei:XXofpnoff rr Hia frv.-- .-IT uiwiUO Ul IU VViil ICCUiilrierschecle i-iali and lVAor.tei lock', cnational reputation (or cr.22 dsjign, llrrkeeping, and famous Tubular Chimr Unitsound the hours and quaten sffer .hepeals of Whittingioa and Ve-tminsteij infact, with the chcicet in jevclrr, goldsmithing, and silvercmitrung st moderateprices. A Catdc- of H JI a:;d snutlClocks only is iccacd. m awartsenls in.1 ! 1otner lines are Livvays cnangin soinclude the latent approved ki;n3.selec'jonc, insured ?sxi cxnrczs ;;aid, willbe jent to those rmiun-j tnenseivc koownas reliabb irciih Vu CrrcTrondenccDepailmenJ. A. ptirsoni'v"- when inCincinnati vai! be 5f prccLur:Silvcramilhs J.. .' ., sliiiaiiiijaThe-Fsask liergv.ia Do,1i5-'irZ&2 !A 9rcr3?T Kwr-. jisy-er-t-t.tifcr,izL7.'i-Vfj- "if-T-ft lo. K.-iiSUKSy&4$&m-i AV:C:5Vj5c8s; .TTlA s' SSfwBfl'OxTkWMmteTil ra 3&f? y. WISh-V3-' tO'MAL&lmT3fc k.Cmtiristl. Oz.lnrer-WiijStf ' ;