THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 19119DEMOCRATIIBaWMMMMi H66mON ACCOUNT OF THESpecial Nine-Days9 SaleBEGINNINGTHURSDAY,NOV.We will discontinue the Semi-WeeklySpecials until the Sale Closes,Saturday, November 18th.SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis, KentuckyWBB 91owl?X9&&&.V$ KTf-xrr To HPV Ti-rvna 4-k wp J.1 J w J.O j. " J- aaxj. vv pLay in Your Winter Supply of Gro-ceries,wwIS 14 ibs. Granulated Sugar 11 $1.00 W- Vfm 9 Bars Lenox Soap 25c kSv Full qtcanKaro Syrup ; 10c vM3 Boxes Argo Stanch .-. ;. ., . 10c itoPicnic Hams, rier lb 1 1r WWMcCreary and Entire State TicketGo Through With An Old-Time Majority.WE KNOW HOWLEGISLATURE DEMOCRATICLate Returns Indicate MajorityWill Reach 34,000 DemocratsControl Council.Complete returns from all thecounties in Kentucky indicatethat former Senator McCrearyhas defeated Judge 0'Rear forGovernor by a majority of over34,000. The next General Assembly will stand 111 Democrats and27 Republicans on joint ballot.ft Pure Hog Lard, per lbft&II12cwGood Cooking Apples 20c pk. or $1.75? bbl.5 gal. best Coal Oil 45cUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75OVERCOATSOvercoat Time Is Here And AsThey say on Wall Street, "We Are Long on Coatsat a Short Price." $10, $12.50 and $15 will buyn AH-Wool Overcoat cut 52 andj24;inches long, $made with the Verto Collar, Single orj Double "Breasted, Belted Backs or Plain, cut good andjfull,just the kind that you want when the cold blast ofWinter begins to blow. These coats we are mak-ing leaders of,Jand if you will stop in our store and""""try a few of these coats on you will be convincedof our statement. Our personal guarantee withevery coat sold. Take a look at the window andnotice a few of the patterns which we'are showingin this strong line of Overcoats.imIT. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,wwwySC ttttJSi!!JSii--t:i-ii-Cii:ir&'UP&M&'fc7mMSPi?SPBoys Clothing!We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50 to $ 10,00in ail the latest colors and styles3HEUSmmmmm&-VJ.MX&?&mms&ft!ivsianBoys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.2i&ii.rfcSg&fcmmmm9mGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.mmmfM-5ivJwmt5m.KitSwMlx-James B. McCreary, of Madisoncounty, former Governor of Kentucky,former United States Senator, formerdelegate to the Peace Conference atThe Hague, former President of theInternational Peace Society and an exConfederate soldier, was on Tuesdayelected Governor of the State of Kentucky by defeating Judge E C.O'Rear, of Montgomery county, member of the Court of Appeals and former Chief Justice of that body, by. ni majority that greatly exceeded the, sanguine hopes of many of the partyI leaders.On the face of the unofficial returnsindications are that McCreary carriedthe State over his opponent by amajority of not less than 25,000, andtha onfiro nomnnrnlin fitut-a tinlof moof elected.Mf Every section of the United Statesyiv shows immense Democratic gains andl . the State ticket carried ten out of theeleven districts by majorities rangingfrom 500 to 12,000. Two Democratic.railroad commissioners were elected,Vjf giving that party control of the StateRailroad Commission. The Legisla-yb'j ( cratic majority and that party, under jleaueraiup ui mcureary, will aic-w tate all Legislation, and select Hon.yj . Ollie James as United States Senator.j-utj uuuiiiciai xecruns maicate tnatthe Democrats carried the Congressional Districts as follows: First District by 11,000; the Second District by4,000; the Third District by 1.500; thefourth District by 3,000; the Fifthn:n4-:it- u. a Run 4-u,. o; .u r-.-:4.yj! by 6,500; the Seventh District by7,000; the Eighth by 2,500; the NinthDistrict by 1,000; and the Tenth District by 500.The Eleventh District in which itwa stated before the election the Republican candidates would make greatgains failed to bring out the usuallarge Republican vote and in manyprecincts in this district the Democratic ticket made a substantial increase. In the Senatorial races the returnsindicate the elcetion of enough Democratic Senators to insure the electionot Oilie James to the United StatesSenate to succeed Thns. H. Paynterand practically insuring the electionof a Democratic Senator to succeedSenator W. O. Bradley, Republican,two years hence. In the Senate therewill be 38 Senators, 32 of which willbe Democrats, who will have a majority of 70 in the House of Representatives. Repbulican leaders assert that thedefeat of t he Republican ticket wasdue largely to the unpopularity of theadministration of Governor AugustusE. Wilson and besides the RepublicanState ticket had to bear thp silent opposition of the present executive.After an elapse of 32 years SenatorMcCraery will asume the gubernatoralduties and although he is 72 years ofage he possesses unusual mental abilities and is physically strong for oneof his years he will take the oath ofoffice on December 12 and ill be thethird Kentucky Governor to serve twoterms. The first Governor of Kentucky to serve two terms was IsaacShelly, who was usherei inio office inJune, 1791, and again in June, 1812.The second Governor to serve twoterms was J. C. W. Beckham, who wasushered in December 1903, and againin Decemebr, 1907.Louisville and Jefferson county gaveMcCreary at majority ot 5,175. JudgeO'Rear tailed to carry his home county by 436 votes, and losr his adoptedprecinct which is normally Republicanby about 30, by 15 votes(Continued on.Page 4)fc Stetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, GuaranteedjPatentLeather Shoes for Men. Lookus up.Mitchell & Blakemore,OutfittersMeniParis, KentuckyiiKK9KMtBsimiiiiiiiimmuminnim iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii'iiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiinNFRANK&iVMfcCO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.BIG WAIST SALES Ei:LINGERIE WAISTSWhite and Colored Waists, Big Valnes $ 1 .00 to$2.50. This lot of waists are divided in 2 lotsChoice 69c and 98cNew CloaksWe Just received a big shipment of newest styles of Cloaksfor Ladies, Misses and Children. Many of these areSample Garments and all were bought at reduction frommanufacturers' regular price, so now is the time to buy anew Coat at a Special Price.Ladies9 SuitsMany are now marked down to make room for late arrivalsand you will find new suits very reasonably priced.Velvet Dress ,In all colors, a dandy, fringe and satin trimmed,Dress at $15.0048jvMillinery, Shoes, Comforts, Blankets, Comforts, Trunks,Valises and Suit Cases.Frank & Co. I1 Paris, - - . Kentucky Iii:riH!!iiiiiiiiiriiiJnri:iii)j;3niiiiiiiiiniJJiiiiiiHiniiiiiiiiii) iiiiiiiiMiiiiiiuiojjiJiMiiuiiiiiniiniiLiiiiMiuiiuii iMn-iiius;ry mitsobs M'mmmmmWmMMJTCv to 7TvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 10 1911,BIIM MXKWMWMWI BMIW' llllJMMWMMaMIIitUIIIMIWWWMWWin?.&'?if.VsWhikiifZ'lW2kmmThe Right Cement for Concrete isSUPERIOR CEMENTCelebrated in trie Middle West as the finestground and lowest in magnesia less than 1 percent. This means dense, durable concrete thatwill never crumble. Its a true Portland cementthat will last for ages. Ask for our Free Superior Literature, which gives proportions formixing concrete, etc. Insist on Superior.Union Trust Building:, Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co.Superior Endures.paj)SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.1 L?i"--S" fC- Vf J?r?-?i5fefc5rR? SScGil Bwill not be yours unless youhave a parlo:1 stove as artisticab it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store.' They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestjld stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be bought$ES0ccheaper.LOWRY & TALBOTT3?a,ris, KentuckySijN &&!y!2p .' BourbonLaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice.ma . WffslA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.ourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky,' ijE' "TZiA iS-Kii" " new today. For further detailed information apply to flMILLE & BEST, Millcrsburg, Kentucky.fThe Handy Heater ;if V"iYou often need some heatin early Fall, when you havenot yet started the furnace.In whatever part of the house you want it, you can get itbest and quickest with a Perfection Smokeless Oil Heater.The Perfection is the most reliable heater on the market, and youcan move it wherever you please. .Start k in bedroom or bathroom, and you dress in comfort on the coldestwonanf. Take it to the dining-room, and eady breakfast becomes a pleasant,coey meal. A touch of a match at dusk, and all is snug for the evening.The Perfection Smokeless Oil Heater is beautifully finished an ornamentanywhere. Drums of plain steel or enamelled in blue ; nickel trimmings.A special automatic device makes smoking impossible. Burner body cannotbecame wedged. All parts easily cleaned. Damper top. Cool handle.DIsr everywhere ; or write for descriptive circular to any agency of tieStandard Oil Company(Iacerpor&ted)THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MlIN STKBET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poscotace as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 831 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.,Stomach Blood andLiver TroublesMuch sickness starts with weak stomach, and consequentpoor, impoverished blood. Nervous and pale-people lackgood, rich, red blood. Their stomachs need invigoratingfor, after all, a man can be no stronger than his stomach.A remedy that makes the stomach strong and the liveractive, makes rich red blood and overcomes and drivesout disease-producing bacteria and cures a whole multitude of diseases.Get rid of your Stomach YeaTcness andLiver Laziness by talcing a course ofDr. Pierce s Golden Medical Discoverythe great Stomach Restorative, Live?Invigorator aztd Blood Glcanser.You canJt afford to accept any medicine of unknowncomposition as a substitute for "Golden Medical Discovery," which is a medicine of known composition, havingn complete list of ingredients in plain English on its bottle-wrapper,same being attested as correct under oath.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and Invigorate Stomach,mwmWLiver and Bowels.OWE YEAR,SL.00 SIX MONTHS, Payable in Advance.-.$1.00Important JJI&tters Before Committee.Z Several important propositions willbe placed before the Democraticnational committee at its meeting inWashington this winter.It is almost certain that the questionof a direct vote for delegates to thenomination convention will be raised.The Progressive Democratic League,organized at the recent special sessionof Congress, it is understood, will askthe committee to make such a recommendation to the state committees.The frienda of Gov. Wilson are championing the suggetsicn that the delegates be elected by a direct vote atthe primaries. The Willson managers,it is said, feel that their candidate isstrong with the rank and file of theDemocrats and weak with the politicalmanagers in the several .sections of thecountry, and therefore would stand a'better chance at the .primaries.This is regarded as but a demonstration of the claim that Gov. Harmon is the favorite of the "conservatives" and Gov. Willson of the"radicals" in the party.Agitation has been comenced also infavor of abolishing the precedentwhereby a two-thirds vote is requiredto nominate Presidential and VicePresidential candidates in Democraticnational conventions. It is contendedthat a majority should rule the nomination. The two-thirds custom was adoptedin order that the Southern States,which contribute so materially to theelection of a Democratic President,might possess a veto power whichwould prevent the election of a candidate unacceptable to that section. Itis not likely therefore, that this rulewill be abolished unlesB the South relinquishes the position it has held forso many years.Maine Stays Dry.Maine remains constitutional prohibition. Returns en election daySeptember 31, indicated a majority ofabout 3u9 against the repeal of theprohibition amendment, but late theofficial showed a majority of 26 for repeal. It was found by comparison,however, that in four cases the figuresof thp town clerks were reversed fromearly returns and in each case tneclerke claimed the error to be in theofficial figures. After hearings on t hesubject the Governor and Council Uookthe matter under consideration " andthe result was the announcement Monday night that Maine remained constitutional prohibition by 758 votes.With Telephones.f According to news from headquarters, the L. & N. will shortly installthe new idea of telephone dispatching,for the operating of trains on the L. &E. to Quick3and. Twenty-one stationswill be equipped with the apparatus.A message circuit to handle other railroad business will parallel thi3 traincircuit.Prizes for Base Ball Players.That the base ball players throughout the country have something tolook forward to other than honor andglory together with their -weeklystipend is strongly emphasized in theannual report, which has just been issued relative'.to the Bull Durham signswhich are located in a majority ofbase ball parks in the United States.In connection with these signs thereis an offer of S50 in cash to any playerhitting the bull with a fairly battedfly ball, and a carton of Durham tobacco for every home run made inthese parks. The bulls have been hit238 times this past season which hitshave enriched the fortunate players tothe extent of 11,900.In the Darks where the bulls are located there have been 4,322 home runsmade and as a result the heavy hittershave received free tobacco to theamount of 19,448 pounds or 311,184five cent packages.A special report of the work in thecities of the Blue GraBS League circuitis given herewith :Lexington, K y The bull was hit onJune 25 by Chas. Ellis, Lexington ; onJuly 30 by Pat Bohannon, Frankfort.There were 4l home runs made duringthe season which netted the heavy hitters 184 1-2 pounds of tobacco.Paris, Ky. The bull was not bit.There were twelve home runs madeduring the season which netted theheavy hitters 54 pounds of tobacco.Richmond Ky. The bull was hit onMay 29 by Edwin Coleman, Winchester-onMay 29 by Robert Bramlage.Richmond ; on May 30 by Ray Haley,Kicnmond; on May 31 twice byWhittaker, Richmond; on JuneTex Myers, Frankfort ; on JulyRay Haley, Rich'mond ; Augustflrank whittaker and Wm. Haines,Richmond ; on August 25 by Chas. Ellis, Lexington ; on August 28 by FrankGoodman, Paris. There were 52 humeruns made during the season whichnetted the heavy hitters 234 pounds oftobacco.League totalsThe bull signs in theBlue Grass League were hit 13 times,S650. Tnere were 105 home runs made.472 pounds of tobacco.Frank28 by21 by18 byNotice to Shippers of InterurbanLines.Work on the new freight, and passenger station will beign on November 1,and necessitates temporary quarterswhich will be until further notice inthe old postoffice bulding on Fifthstreet. Shippers are requested to deliver and call for all freight at thatpoint on arrival of freight car which isdue at 9:30 a. m. daily except Sunday.Both phones 309KY. TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.31 6t J. L. Bottom. Agent.Slipping Earth Delays Work.Contractors engaged in constructingon the new Grant's Bend tunnel of theLouisville and Nashville Railroad,who also have the work of filling for acouble track under way are reportedto be having trouble with slippingearth to such an extent that expertsfrom the East have been r.called uponto ascertain the cause unzlerlyiug thenumerous slips of ground that are delaying the work. It is said that concrete walls will have to be built whichwill imateiially increase the cost ofconstruction. Mcst of toe earth thatis slipping is clcse to the LickingRiver.Is the World Growing Better?Many things go to prove that it is.The way thousands are taying to helpothers is proof. Among them is Mrs.W. W. Gould, of Pittsfield, N. H.Finding good health by taking Electric Bitters she now advises othersufierers everywhere to take them."For yean, I suffered with stomachand kidney trouble," she writes."Everv medicine I used failed till Itook Electric Bitter3. But this greatremedy helped me wonderfully."They'll help any woman. They arethe best tonic and liver and kid nevremedy that's made. Try them. You'ilsee. ouc at Uberclorter's.Creed and Deed."The woman whose husband waskilled In master's factory Is belowwith her three children.""Tell her to go away. I am practicing for the charity concert and cannot be disturbed." Der WahreJacob.S3.Big Kaid On Moonshiners. .Deputy Collectors George W. Castle,of Grayson; W. M. Insko, of Carlisle,and James A. Williams, of Mt. Sterling, acting under orders f:Gm Ccl. T.A. Fields, Collector of the StvunthDistrict, "recently made a successfulmoonshine raid through Elliott county,where they destroyed two still andmade one arrest.On November 3 the deputies destroyed a complete tsill fermenteis andother paraphernalia on Wallowholecreek, and on the same date nearStephens postoffice found and .destroyed one of the most extensive outfitsthat has ever been captured in thispart of the country. At the time ofthe raid the still was in operation incharge fof gJames Jackson, who wastaken into custody. When captured !Jackscn was aistilling fruit brandy.This outfit was located near the muchtalked of diamond mine of Elliottcounty. ,State op Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior member of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe city of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D.. 1886.rSeail A W' GLEASON,ea,K) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.No Hurry.The sterling drama, "Ten Nights Ina Barroom," was given In FlorenceMonday night One of the rural mailcarriers was asked:"I suppose, John, you are going tothe show tonight?""No," replied John. "I don't believeI'll go tonight. It's going to be hereten nights. I'll wait until Saturdaynight"Satisfied."You'll be a man like one of ussome day," said the patronizing sportsman to a lad who was throwing hisline into the same stream."Yes, sir," he answered, "I s'poseI will some day, but b'lieve I'd ratherstay small and ketch a few fish."Tit-Bits. ,GEO. W. DAVISFUNBRAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.e223S5S:bC$S8:S3423g:SThe Best' is none too good for you.Buy22S5y?50make the Women happy.Dodson& DentonPARIS, KY.Q&xgQfeSXfe2s2XQ25gSSj2SydkEast Teen. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andy LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middle uwa, Littler Rock an. Ruddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East TennesseeIncorporatedone CoProfessional Cards j fruit and Shade Trees.J J. WIILilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building:.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T 136.Home 136.Residence E' T' 334'Residence Home 334.Shruba, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Peonies,Roses. Phlox, etc. Evervthino- fnOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.I Our prices may interest you. Free! catalogue.H. L' HILLENMEYER & SONS,, 3 oct 2m Lexnigton, KyOffice PhonesFOR RENT.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.1 New cottage of five rooms on East1 Main street.MRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up StairsOver"Varden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELIiER,Practicing Physician,Offices,'Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.: A. KAHAL.Bloodine A. Cross, 516 Glasgowfur Street. Portsmouth, Va.D? , Says: "My WifeKneumatism Has used Bloodine forfr Rheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds it givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Ita myself and find it has done me a lot of good.",W. T. Brooks, Agent.m iHIdilMSiWEBSTER'SINTERNATIONALDICTIONARYTHE MERRIAM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in a,single book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page.400,000 Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this mostremarkable single volume."Writo for samplepages, full particulars, etc.Name thispaper andwe willsend freea set ofPocketMapsiBaaYaflMaimxCTR VcaJ V2tmm, 5&in, A X-jBG. &C XsrnanCe. 13. grraaatrairea iSa&sjfc &s?ms;i2ms&i!ii ., -gxjgfSpriagfiald, Majs.J355S55asasssssaaaBaiTHE BOURBON EWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV, 10, 1911.cMaacmnmiCured by theHrzV oftheCentury, B. B. B.30 Years.fested forAching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpnre botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeueu, unu m uuis way muuip, u. jperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatism tin all its forms. JB. B. B. has made thousands of Icures of rheumatism after all othei jmedicine?, liniments ana doctorshave failed to help or cure. Drugsrists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S iar.3 r.r free by writing Blood.11 3 Atlanta, Ga. Describeyn ficuc und free medical advice'p-'i:? l. -Di.l ly Varden & Son.Bloodine Cures Strains, BruisRheumatic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atic pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.W..T. Brooks, Agent.THE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,for Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 124 PARIS, KY.Bloodlne Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChecker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaffney.S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALE,A lot of second-hand lumber for salecheaD.THE FAIR.BLOODPOISOCured by the fViarve! of iheCentury, B. B. B. Tested for !30 VearS.4, , , . . !urives out 0100a poison 111 anystage permanently, without deadly 'mercury, with pure Botanical inuredents. To prove it we will s?nd ou aSAMPLE TREATMiSN i b K E IS.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors., swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains. offensive pimplesor eruptions, take 15. B. B. (BotanicBlood ! nlm.) All synipchoms healquickly. Blood is inaae pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for hoxue cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.AnnounceniI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingaodBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handled yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references fur -nished. Call on me at FordhamHote or call up'Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTER! IllBillNenMAKES BIBLE HE CAN READSightless Missouri Preacher, FromDictation, Copies Entire WorkIn Braille Letters.Gentry, Mo. Rev. D. M. Spencer,who lives on a farm near here, has aBible that he made himself, the remarkable part of this achievement being that he has been blind since hewas two years old. The homemadeBible is the result of seven winters'work and is written in the Brailletype used by the blind.He employed a young woman toread for him and transcribed thewords into type that he could readand by this tedious process made him-Rev. D. M. Spencer.self a complete Bible from Genesisto Revelation. -Caipenter work is among the manythings he has done to earn a livingand a few years ago he built a threeroom cottage for his family, doingall the labor without assistance. Hewas born in Princeton, Mo., in 1855,and educated in the St. Louis Schoolfor the Blind. He is an interestingspeaker and preaches with a thorough understanding of the holy word,gained from his home-made Bible.ROBBED CF $75 FOR "JOKE"Although Money Is Returned to HimMan Threatens to MakeTrouble.New York. A holdup and robbery,planned and carried out as a "joke,"nearly caused some serious troublefor a certain young man ot Bayshore,L. I.Edward L. Valentine, a merchant,closed his store shortly after midnightand started to walk home. In a darksection of Smith street he was suddenly confronted by a man with ahandkerchief over the lower part ofhis face. The man held a pistol toValentine's head and demanded hismoney. Valentine gave up ?75 incash and the man vanished.Valentine felt sure he recognizedthe voice of the man, however, andin the morning he told his suspicionsto his friends. They were contemplating police action when in the evening several young men called Valentine out of his store and engaged himin conversation. When he returned tothe store he found his 75 lying onthe counter.He hasn't yet seen the point of the"joke" though, and threatens troublefor those with the overgrown senseof humor.MAD BULL HAD HIS REVENGEQovine Viciously Attacks AutoPuts the Machinery Out ofBusiness.andDes Moines, la. The sheriff of a1 rrw--r t T-kTTfci Trror r iity rr Viic nnfA.mobile, containing his family, alonga country road, when he encountereda vicious bull which had escaped fromts inclosure. The bull at once gavebattle to the auto, and although thesheriff put on all power and tried toBull Attacks Auto.run the bull down, the animal met itvaliantly, and so vigorous was his attack with his horns that they not onlyput the machinery out of business butupset the car.All the occupants were thrown outand some were badly injured. Satisfied with wrecking the machine, thebull went his way with dignity and didnot deign to attack any of the members of the sheriff's family.BEAR TRAP NABS TIMBER MAN'TwoHours Elapse Before Bolts AreCut and the Prisoner SetFree.Vancouver, B. C. H. W. McGregor,and Stevetimber ina Vancouver timber cruiserMTr, lllator whtlo nrnlclnB-JJflV,4T.A- " -'- .--a w-i -w- - . .t--ha. Htisan rhar!nfr Tsl.-inrts fnr nVancouver firm, were returning tocamp when McGregor stepped into a-"" S"""'bear trap.Like a flash the steel teeth closed1 nn his foot, crushing through the topof a heavv shoe, two thicknessesofwoolen socks and into his ankle.His companion and he tried tobreak the steel vise, but to no avail.At last, -with the only weapon in theirpossession, an axe, the bolts on theunder side of the trap were shearedI off after two hours o bard labor.Hi WOOD SHOESForest Footwear Popular in anIndiana Town.Hoosier German Settlement in Whicha Wooden Shoe Factory Has BeenConducted for More ThanForty Years.Huntingburgh, Ind. In the town ofFerdinand, this county, many of theolder generation of Germans wearwooden shoes. Clemens Luecken ofFerdinand is a master carver of wooden shoes and his tiny shop is th.e mecca for Germans in quest of forest footwear. Dubois county is overwhelmingly German and many of the customs of "der vaterland" are observedwith as much fervor as though Duboiscounty were actually ruled by thekaiser. One of the customs in vogueat Ferdinand is the wearing of wooden shoes and for more than fortyyears Clemens Luecken has conducteda wooden shoe factory in the littletown.Not for one moment in all that timehas Clemens Luecken allowed theleather trust to worry him. The soaring price of shoe leather has o terrors for Mr.Luecken As long aslar timber can be se-jifrtl 1, TOmbirch and popl;cured "Der Holtzschumacher" willnever care a rap whether Uncle Samcorners the leather trust or the leather trust corners Uncle Sam. Leatheris an unknown quantity with Mr.Luecken. He specializes in the manufacture of wooden shoes and the factthat he has been engaged in the business for more than forty years is proofenough that the demand for woodenshoes is pretty steady and that Clemens Luecken delivers the goods.The shop wherein Mr. Luecken hasworked at his trade for so many yearsis situated on a hill overlooking thelittle town of Ferdinand. . The build-Luecken's Wooden Shoe Shop.ing is a low frame structure 12 feetsquare and occupies a site in the corner of the garden adjoining his home.The little building is well suppliedwith light there being three windows,a door and a skylight.The floor of the shop is coveredwith wood chips. Tools such as areused by a skilled wood carver hang inorderly fashion about the walls. In onecorner of the room stands a very smallstove. His work bench in another cor- iner consists of a six-foot log somo 10or 12 inches in diameter resting on jfour sticks of wood. In the center of ithis rudely constructed work bench is .a groove. One cannot but admire the 1skill of the old German when he first Ishapes a block of wood to conform to jthe foot. He holds the block of shoewood en a large oak block andwields a keen edged hatchet with adegree of accuracy that is amazing. 'Wood chips fly in all directions writh 'each stroke of the hatchet. Graduallythe block of wood assumes the formof a shoe. The block is then placed inthe groove and an auger-like tool isused in boring out the interior of theshoe. The boring process continuesuntil the interior is rounded out toconform to the shape of the foot. Afterthe interior and exterior of the shoeare smoothed out it is ready for theWer x. ..The shoes are made according tothe length and breadth of the foot ascomputed by inches. The host of pa -trons whom Luecken supplies withwooden shoes every 'year includesmen, women and children. In pricethe shoes range from 45 to 65 cents.Shoes made of birch come higher because they last longer than those madeof poplar and other wood. Lueckencan turn out several pairs a day. inaddition to supplying the regular chan-nel of trade he sells hundreds of wood-en shoes to visitors who buy them assouvenirs. Luecken says that theyoung American has never formed thehabit of wearing wooden shoes theyoung American prefers tight fittingshoes made of leather and the painfulcorns that go with them. The feet 'of those who wear -wooden shoes arenever deformed by.corns, bunions, etc.If Luecken does not have your sizetshoe in stock and you are In a hurryhe sends you to one ot the general' stores in Ferdinand, where you canmakeyour selectionfrom a large, ...stock. He supplies the merchants' "with their stock of wooden shoes. Itis a very common sient in Fercimanain kpp n. natron of Mr. Li?pnVar rlrivetn town warln a ir of wndninto town wearing a pair of woodenshoes. They come from all parts ofDubois county.Hangs Self With Shoestring.rtaiPRhnrp- th Mrs ToRonMnn at,i-son, a -widow, 74 years old, committedr- . ,f M0.0 MV.-n V DUVWf11 M1A W V CV AWM.M. m w la .. AAnii . in i w ijm.1 ir inw iimi - u " m iurwaggg 11 'pTlkoggU...f v.. .-great discovery.Certain Irigredients that ReallyPromote fiair Growth WhenProperly Combined.Resorcin is one of the most effectivegerm destroyers ever discovered byscience, and in connection with BetaNspthol, which is both germicidal andantiseptic, a combination is formedwhich destroys the germs which robthe hair of its natural nourishment,and also creates a clean, healthy condition of the scalp, which prevents thedevelopment of new germs.Pilocarpin, although not a coloringmatter or dye, is a well known ingredient for restoiing the hair to its natural color, when the loss of hair has beencaused by a disease of the scalp.These ingredients in proper combination with alcohol added as a stimulant and for its well denned nourishingproperties, perfect perhaps the mosteffective remecj that is known forscalp and hair tioubles.We have a remedy that i3 chieflycempusfcd of these ingredients, in combination with other extremely invalu- jaDie medicinal agents. We guaranteesit to positively cure dandruff and to jRrow hair evn though the scalp inspots is bare of hair. If there is anyvitality left in the roots, it v ill nosi-vey cure balantss, or we will refundney K tbe scalp has a glazed.shiny appearance it's an indicationthat baldness is permanent, but inother insiances we believe baldness iscurable.We want everyone troubled withscalp distase or loss ot hair to tryfcexall "93" Hair Ionic. If it doesnot cure oandruff and gtow hair to thesatisfaction of the user, we will without question or quibble return everycent paid us fur it. We print thisguarantee on every bottle. It haseffected a positive cure in 93 per centof cases wherp put to a practical test.Rexall "93" Hair Tonic is entirelyunlike, and we think, in every particular, better than anything else we knewof for the purpose for which it is pre-"iiutui lie uic juu iu .i y Lin a j-preparation at our entire tisk. Cer-1Lcumy v e tviiuw ui nu ueimr guaranteeto give you. icemenjoer you can ot- ,4.: r 11 r i: : n-' .i.. Iuaiu utABii iieumuies iu runs oniy at i gour store The Rexall Store. G. S ' tVarden & Son.Worse."How about that airship?""It went up in smoke.""Burned, eh?""Oh, no. Made an ascensionPittsburgh."BUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.?Sih Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374CAUSE AND REMEDY.Uncertainty of the immediatefuture is looked upon by many menof affairs, as a blockade to enterprise and business prosperity, andthis blockade is now quite apparentthroughout the channels of trade.The Presidential Election; theefforts of Congress with no fixedpurpose; Organized Labor as a newfactor in politics; together withother matters of greater or lessimport, represent at this time achaotic conflict of separate inter-ests, to harmonize which is now thef problem before the country. 'I All want Prosperity, Peace andtm ,,.. ri T:fV. Xo. v.q. rnP.len' ead. Wlth Care th? fl, cinnatl Enquirer, a journal that .I pnnts all the news each day from I' every commercial center through-out the world. A barometer otcauses and effects that points out, Ias a Beacon Light, the danger andthe safeguard therefrom.As well known, tne Daily En- imi;w ;c Via 1nro-Pct in ji7p anHgih . d er in United, , .trr4. u, States, yet cheapest, measured byj quality and quantity .The Weekly Enquirer, with thecream and digest ot all the news,able and conservative editorials,market reports, methods and re-suits from Government and StateExperiment Stations, veterinary'matters pe0ple's Forum, choice1;, . ' Jl a f;i cw.1-4l'l"c " u' P- non-sectarian sermons, general, information, etc., with the exclusionoi all matters oi scanaai ana lm-I ..... 1 .4 1 i.morality, is today tne Cleanest! Weekly Family Journal obtainable.T?aph iccha ic n nn? worth the. nncei c i :4.:. U1 7 'Z-. b.Tfu "V , i Jsolicitors lor stiDScnpuons masea handsome proht and increase tnegood influence of The Enquirer in4-i- -k 4-l 4- vC ri14w -ir1 iniipftnT 1j7 AV": tjr Tr J'' anu iur me uetieriueiiL ciuu wciicuc' of the community. For terms write1 1 !! riTlfllllT-! & I I II '1 1 I I IT4 I I lllll Ii 111. jr a i lii . . iiiiiiiAU. .a -? jAwt, , i ,ill w1 I vi LTOCouldn't Walk!"I used to b.e troubled with a weakness peculiar towomen," writes Mrs. Anna Jones, of Kenny, 111. "Fornearly a year, I could not walk, without holding my sides.I tried several different doctors, but I grew worse. Finally,our druggist advised Cardui for my complaint I was sothin, my weight was 115. Now, I weigh 163, and I am.never sick. I ride horseback as good as ever. I am infine health at 52 years."We have thousands of such letters, and more arearriving daily. Such earnest testimony from those whohave tried it, surely proves the great value of this vegetable, tonic medicine, for women.Cardui relieves women'swomen up to health and strength. If you are a woman,give it a trial. It should help you, for it has helped a million others. It is made from pure, harmless, herb ingredients, which act promptly and surely on the womanly organs.It is a good tonic. Try it ! Your druggist sells it.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dcpt, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-paec book,fff-2&&z0?v-dGENILEMANSSHOErafcfe3nfTj?Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVPWillams,Kmmggmt&immPfmgWmmm&tismsmsmx $L. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trainsnto:FROM31 Atlanta, Ga., Dai'y3 Lexington, Ky., Daily 7 . . .. .o.H an29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.38 ana10 Rowland, b.y. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 anr40 Lexington, &y , Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O"., Duily ". 9.50 am.3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 am.12 Lexington, Kv,, Dailv ; 10.02 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.18 an26 Lexii'fc-.n, Ky., Daily Excep: Sunday 11.50 am25 Cyntniaua, Ky , Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm.fl Mavaviile, Kv., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm13? Lexington, Ky.. Daily . . ..." 3.22 pro,3S Knoxvillejl enn.. Daih f. 3.25 pea5 Maysville, Ky., Daily . 5.25 pmu3i Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sum. ay 5.40 pmId Lexington, K v., Daily 612 pm.S Lou'sville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 am32 Jacksonville. 11a.. Daily... ". ." 6 17 pai11 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 10.27 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:45 pm.TrainsSo. TO .34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 ajrh4 lav-ville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ..7 5.35 am2D Lt xrr.iit.'ii, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am7 i'ra'wa rt & Louisville. Daily Except .Sunday 7.43 am.4fj Cincinnati, O., D illy Except "Sunday. 8.20, anc1-) Tda iv;lle, Ky., Daily' Except Sunday . " ,. . . .S.Om137 Lexington, Ky., Dully ...! "! i).57 am.37 Xnoxville, Tenn. , 1 rdy ". 9.55 am?33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.18 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily .10.21 ana.C Maysville, K., Daily "....;-. 5;. . .11.52 an20 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 11.54 am,25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v. . .& .30 pm' 28 Cincinnati. O., Daily '.X ?&. :3.4n Tra9xowjanur Jxy.t uauy xxcept ounuay . . . . sr .o.so penLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday j... s 5.50 p'm.Cincinnati, O., Daily r. ..... .,. (&22 -pinMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ..:..., ,. 6.25 pSmLexington, Ky.t Daily ....'. . . .. . .625 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.85 pm.Lexington, K. , Daily 10.53 p.Atlanta, Ga., Daily r 10.55 pm.3932S13303113W. db O. T-nTTgT X TtT .Tifr' IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains Arrive-FROM,NozjFrankf ort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 40 -wo8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01pm162. Louisville 8c Frankfort, SundayTrainsNoi GUFrankfort & Louisville, Sunday7lFrankfort & Louisville, , Daily 'Except Sunday ' l'41 -E -ankfort, Ky.,.Daily Except Sundaj ,. . .,.. . . v&&r',&l .9i33jSTmi3 Frankfort,-' Ky -, Daily Except Sunday ..:.. :...:.. ?o!55.aia.4. ' .- J w .F T mm. r-- w -.- . -. w .The .Woman'sTcnicsufferings, and builds weak."Home Treatment for Women," sent free. 3 5SFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forararis..A.rri"v-e5.21 amIDepart ITi" 1i . .1 : 8.13 SbOnly 7. . i . . . .-. . 1 10.00 pm3De;psirtTOOnly 7.1U zmm4 -m (- . lr.li - - -- --- A -v - - -rav. t. . a" r --;Mr!l-TZrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 10 1911,17mmmmmmmwmmam wmmmtA Tiex. T T-iiL 1YXUSL Uiiquc aim xn.wi.sMark-Down Sale of Dressesand Lining Silks.KAUFMAN, STRAUS & CO.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYWe have placed on sale an assortment of varisilk materials, sold all along at 85c, $1 andous$1.25 a yard at the uniform price of 69 centsper yard.Here Are the Different WeavesWhite or Black CrepeChines, $1.00 quality69c a YarddeShantung and Pongeeweaves in many shades,1.35 quality69c a YardPlain Taffetas, in black,white and colors, 85c quality69c a YardWhite Japanese HahuhaiSilks, $1 and $1.25 quality69c a YardPersian and PompadourMessalines and Louisines,$1.25 quality69c a YardNOTICE: None of these greatly reduced silkswill be sold on approval, or samples given. Theyare so extraordinarily cheap that their rapid sale isassured beforehandKaufman, Straus & 6o.L.LEXINGTON, KY.IThankssWe have anticipated your wants for the seasonnow at hand and have in our store the most dependable goods at the right prices to be had.Savory Roasters,TurkeyCarvers,Turkey Dishes,Celery Trays,Cranberry Dishes,LardFORDComplete outfit forI loailoads in smokeless and black powder.9II JN A IK IPS 111 II 11 tailHOME-KILLED MEATS, ,Sausage, Hamburg StakeOysters, Fish, Chickens and Everything in Season,All Kinds of FruitGROCERIES ATGive UsB BotlBoth Phones 7""l-mA Tnf-Avociirfcrr wFancy Plaids in soft Taffetaweaves, $1 quality69c a YardSoft finish Messalines inblack and white stripes, SIquality69c a YardSplendid small-figured LoUisines in all shades, $1quality69c a YardMany other high-class andstaple silks for dresses,waists, costumes and evening use' in the $1 and SI. 25quality, at69c a YardJivmBrass Fire Sets,Brass Coal Hods,Coal Vases,Butcher Knives,Meat Saws,Cans.& CO.hunters. All the popularLOWEST PRICESa CallJJMATRIMONIAL.The following invitations havebeen received in this city :The honor of your presence1 is requested at the marriage ofMrs. Luella Wilcox St. Clairto, Dr. Woodson Mossi on Wednesday, the twenty-second ofNovebraer' One thousand nine hundred and elevenat high noonI Christian College1 Columbia, Missouri.Enclosed were cards :I Dr. and Mrs. Woodson Moss' ill be at homeI Friday after the fourteenth of December. Turner avenue.' Mr. Ottie J. Carpenter and MissI Lutie B. Lucas, both of Austerlitz,I this county, were united in marriageat the residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. E. M, Lightfoot, Wednesday. Attend- this Sale.Any one desiring to purchase asmall improved farm, convenient tochurchea and school, should attend. thesale of the Richard Freeman tract of68 acres, three miles from Newtown,Ky., to be sold by Harris & Speakes tothe highest bidc'er on Tuesday, November 14, 1911, at ten 'o'clock. Stock,crop and farming implements will besold at the same time.DEATHS.Jacob Simth, for thirty years thepresiding patriarch of the Mormonchurch, and nephew of Jospeh Smith,founder of the church, died Tuesdajat bait Lake City, Utah.The funeral of Mrs. Fannie Redmon Shropshire, who killed herselfMonday was held in the Battle Grovecemetery in Cynthiana Wednesdaymorning at 10:30 o'clock with servicesby .alder Ellis.News has been received here ofthe death of Miss Mary O'Connor,about 29 years old, at St. Jospeh'sAcademy in New York City, October27. She was born in Paris, where shelived until the death of her father,Roger W. O'Connor, once JVIayor ofParis, when she went to New York tolive with relatives, and enter theacademy. Later she became a nun andassumed the name of Sister Mary, ofCavalry. As a sister she was sent toEurope, where she taught school. Theburial took place in the private burying grounds of the academy.RELIGIOUS.Services at the Baptist churchSunday at 10:45 a. m. and 7 p. m.Preaching by Pastor E. M. Lightfootin the morningjon "Jesus as a SabbathBreaker," at night "How to WinOut." Inspiring song services of 15imnutes. All invited.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Burley Society Ready for Pool.Reports from the county chairmenall over the Burley belt are coming inciting the increased interest beingtaken in the proposed ten ytar pool,which is already an assured success.The questions asked t last Saturday'smeetings showed that the new coontracts are being carefully studied andby the time the solicitors get into thefield the latter part of this or the firstof next week the growers will beready to sign them. The names ofsolicitors appointed in the differentcounties will be given out as soon asthey are indorsed by the Burley officials New Harness Store.Call in and let us quote you priceson harness, lap robes and everythingin cur line. Bring us your repairwork.GRINNAN & COLLINS.31 3t Opposite court house.Insure with W. O. ttinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfW. C. T. W. Meeting.The W. C. T. U. will have a veryimportant meeting Monday afternoonat 3 o'clock at the home of Mrs. William Myall. Several ladies from theLexington Union will be present,among them being Mrs. Noah B. Taylor. State Treasurer of the organization who will tell of the NationalConvention recently held in Milwaukee. There will also be a Miscellaneous Shower for the C. T. U. W.Settlement School at Hindman, Ky.,The members are all intimate friendsare asked to come and biing a gift forthe school. Anything useful will beacceptable, especially warm clothingand bed clothes.Go Hunting Prepared.Prepare yourself for the huntingseason with a pair of hose superiorhunting shoes the "Triumph Elk," wesell them in Paris. They are absolutely waterproof and are conceded to bethe best made,tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfTaft Passes Through.Enroute to Frankfort to 'be presentat, the dedication of the Lincolnmemorial President Taft passedthrough Paris early Wednesday morning over the L. & N. in a special train.I Attracted by the announcement that. the nation's Chief Executive would-pass through the city a large crowdj assembled at the L. & N. statron to' get a glimpse of President Taft.However, thpy were greatly disaD-ponted asjthe President nor none of hisparty made their appearance. Thetrain, which was composed of a daycoach and two sleepers stopped inParis but about five minutes and leftat 7 o'clock.Governor of 36 YearsAgo, is Again ElectedBtaLv mmGOV. JAMES B. M'CliEARY.History has repeated itself in Kentucky. In 1875 the Democrats ol t'. Staleelected James B. McCreary Governorand Tuesday they elected him Governor once more.Gov. McCreary's first term datedfrom 1875 to-1879.The term for which he was electedTuesday is from 1911 to 1915.Mr. McCreary, Governor once more,was born in Madison county, Kentucky, July 8, 1838.He was graduated from Centre College in 1857 and served in the Confederate army under Gen. Morgan andGen. Breckinridge from 1862 to 1865.After the war he took up the practiceof law at Richmond. He was a member of the Kentucy House of Representatives in 1869, 1871 and 1873, andwas Speaker of the House from 1871to 1873. He was elected Governor in1875 and served four years. He waselected to Congress in 188b and servedtwevle years in Congress until 1897.He was United States Senator from1903 to 1909.Dante's "Inferno" at the Grand.Manager Porter of the Paris Grandannoucnes that he has secured themotion pictures of Dantes' "Inferno"for two nights and one matinee,November 29 and 30 The pictures arethe most remarkable and costly everproduced and recently shown at theGrand Opera House in Cincinnati withmuch success. Before coming to Paristhis attraction will have a run of aweek in Lexington.Martin Held to Grand Jury.Woodson Martin, colored, chargedwith shooting and wounding RaymondBrown, also colored, from the effectof which he died had his examiningtrial in tne county court before SquireL. J. Fretwell yesterday, resulting inhis being held to the Grand Jury on acharge of murder. The court deniedthe defendant bail.A Desirable Small Farm for SaleThe Richard Freeman farm, nearNewtown, Ky., will be sold at publicauction by Harris & Speakes on Tuesday, Nov. 14, 1911, at ten o'clock a.m. on the premises. Contains 68acres, and is a veryJi desirable smallfarm. It is all in grass except 25acres, has an abundance of water andan excellent young orchard.Have You Seen Them.Our line of rues en disnlav thisweek is the most beautiful one we!have ever had. All sizes, grades andprices. Come in and have a look atthe new things we have just receivedin furniture. Pricss that will pleaseycu.J. T. HINTON.Condition o! State Treasury.The following statement shows thecondition of the State Treasury onOctoDer 31 :Balance in sinking funds S214.027.64.Balance in school fund 3314.084.11.Deficit in general expenditure fund$275,025.25.Balance in treasury $253,086.50.Outstanding warrants $1,618,707,96.A. M. DombCompanyrated.Incorpo'Articles of incorporation were filedwith the County Clerk by the A. M.Domb Company, of Paris. The capitalstock is $10,000 and is divided into onehundred shares, par value $100. Tnecrporaticn began business Monday andis to run a periodgof 299 years. Thehighest amount of indebtedness thatcan incur is 50 per cent of iis capitalstock, or $5,000, and the individualholdings of the stock holders will notbe liable for the debts of the corporation. Mr. A. M. Domb, of this city holds89 shares, G. E. Mahaney holds fshares and Attorney P. A. Thompson4 shares.Mr. Domb started in the ladiesfurnishing goods buisness in the roomfoimerly occupied by the Citizens'Bank, several weeks ago. and his business has been all that he could wishfor.A lease has been secured on a storeroom in Winchester and he will open abranch stor there about November 15.A competent manager will be placedin chrge, and Mr. Dobm as representative of the A. M. Domb Company,will make occasional visits to the newstore, retaining his home in Paris.fiourbon Horse Trainer Marries.Chester Frakes, culored, formerly ofth3 city, and Frankie Perkins, widowof "Soup" Perkins, one of the bestknown colored jockeys in the countrywere married in Lexington Monday byJustice Oldham. Frakea is a trainerof the string of horses of CatesbyWoodford, of Bourbon and John Ireland, of Fayette county.4DEMOCRATIC LANDSLIDE(Continued from Page )ELECTION IN BOURBONThe election in this city and countypassed off quietly, great interest being manifested in the result. Bourbon rolled up a majority of 505 for McCreary and the entire State ticket.The interest in the election in thiscity was centered in the race forCouncil, resulting in a complete victory in the three wards and the ejection of the full ticket, and an endorsement of the present city administration. In the face of an apparently hope-1less majority for the Kepunlicans inthe Third Ward, the Democrats elected Mr. Harry Baldwin, Democratover J. W. Larkin by a majority of 19votes.In the First Ward W. T. Brooks,Geo. D. Speakes and F. P. Walker,were chosen by decisive majorities,while in the second Wm. Kenney, D.C. Parrish and W. O. Hinton wereelected.The management of the politicalaffairs in the Third Ward were in thehands of Mr. Jonn Cain and the thorough organization perfected foretoldthe defeat rr the ( ppcsing candidatein tV is strf ng Republican precinctrlhf s.ix piecincts in the ciiy of ParisrolKd up a majority of 350, two-thuds( r the majority given McCreary ai dt eState ticket in the county.Throughout the county the Democratsmade substantial gains.No disorders of any nature were reported at the polls either in the cityor county and the election passed off.quietly.LEXINGTON ELECTION.Ernest Cassidy, the Democratic candidate for Mayor of the city of Lexington, formerly "of Bourbon county,was elected over his fu i nistjopponentby 67 votes. D. C. Hunter, Democrat,was defeated for the office of CityRepresentati e by John Stall, Fusionist. The other offices were divided between the Democrats and RepublicansFusioniats. Wm. Klair won for Railroad Commissioner in the Second District by 265 majority.John G. Stoll, Fuaion City Representative-elect,who defeated DavidC. Hunter, Democrat, by fifty-fourmajority, will occupy a seat in theLegislature once filled by hisdistinguished father, Col. Richard" P.Stoll, who representel Fayette Jcountyin the Legislature when Senator McCreary was Governor his first term inthe '70's.It is an interesting coincidence thatthe elder Stoll should be .identifiedwith Governor McCreary's administration as Governor thirty-five yearsago, and that the younger Stoll, hisson, should be elected along withSenator McCreary, to go o Frankfortas a representative upon Mr. McCreary's second elevation to theGovernor's chair.The result of Tuesday's elcetion wasoverwhelmingly Democratic. TheDemocrats in Paris rolled up a tremendous majority despite the powerfulfight put up by the Republicans whoat the finish fell away to nothing.The result of Jjthe election shows ahearty and enthuisastic endorsementof Mayor Hinton's administration ofthe city's affairs and an appreciationot his wise management of herfinances.The most sjrprising feature of thewhole election was the result in theThird Ward. In the face of a Republican majority of one hunrded andtwenty"Hustling Harry" Baldwinwonby a majority of 19. Great credit forthis overwhelming victory is due toJohn "Pete" Cain, 3r., who captainedthese two precincts.FIR.ST WARD.Prec. Prec.Ko. 1. No. 2. TotalsW. T. Brooks, D...100 142 24214214218212510000Geo. D. Speakes,D. 992412i016S13996Frank Walker,D.108. 43. 39. 36Ed Gorey, R.Max Merzger, R. .T. T. Templin. R.SECOND WARD.Prec. Prec.No. 3... 150. 14U. .146No. 4.187, 164169487065Total?3373043155IIS119Win. Kcnnev, D. .W. O. Hinton, D. .D. C. Parrish, D ..A. W.Cottingham, R.Pat Kane, R.G. W. Wilder, R. .47. 4854THIRDWARD.Prec. Prec.I No. 5 No. 6.i Han y Baldwin, D. .123 12JI J. W. Larkin. R. 129 95243224W. H.Dawson.Ind.R. 3 4Democrats and Republicans respectively scored in the election battle outside Kentucky Tuesday. In M2ssacnusetts Eugene N.t Foss, Democrat,vus re-elected Governor by a pluralityni nljout 7,000. The remainder of theticket is claimed by the Republicans,luminary Hall won in New Yorkcounty by greatly reduced pluralities,while the Republicans gained controlof the lower house of the New YorkLegislature. Democratic Mayors wereelected by Cleveland, Cincinnati andColumbus. Socialists made pronouncedgains in Ohio, electing candidates forMyor in several of the smaller citiess.In .Maryland the Republicans electedGoldsborough, candidate for Governor.A general Republican victory was theresult of the -election in Rhode Island.THE -VOTE FOR GOVERNOR IN BOURBON COUNTY, NOV. 7, 1911.r,T, GOVERNOR. LT.-GOVERNOR.PRECINCTS. McCreary. O'Rear. McDermott. Bnstow.Dem. Rep. Dem. Rep.Paris-No. 1 108 38 108 37Paris No. 2 190 69 1S5 65Paris No 3 143 60 140 61Paris No. 4 187 67 184 64Paris No. 5 111 139 111 13)Paris No. 6 102 118 101- 115Millersburg No. 1 136 122 134 120Millersburg No. 2."- 106 148 105 127North Middletown No. 1 201 161 20a 160North Middletown No. 2 . 64 49 04 49Little Rock No. 1 173 143 173 143Little Rock Nt. 2 83 ' 63 83 08Clintonville No. l. 139 90 , 134 89Clintonvillfe No. 2 . 53 65 53 64Hutchison No. 1 7S 84 . 75 S4Hutchison No. 2 57 52 52 54Centerville No. 1 . 142 107 142 107Centerville No. 2 67 72 67 68Ruddles Mills No. 1 166 99 .164 95Ruddles Mills No. 2 98 ' 146 ' Ki 146Totals 2,397 1,892 " " 2,36J TSoMajorities: ,.'505 516More Horses Go from Elemendorf.A consignment of thoroughbreds tobe , shipped abroad left ElemendorfThursday afternoon by Adams Expressovre the L. & N. and passed throughthis city for New York.The shipment which consists of fivethoroughbred mares and celts, and.went dircet to New York to take boatSaturday for Monteviddeo, UruguayThe mares are Lucky Strike and chestnut colt by Goldfinch: Maiden Poemand bay colt by Star Ruby ; Ricabarand bay filly by George Kessler; Wal-hpolr nnrl hav onlh hv Africander, andI Rosalinda.The next shipment from ElemendorfFarm will be seven mares and sevenfoals to Germany in November. This1will leave 67 mares and 16 foals at theHagin establishment, and it is probable they will all be ;sent abroad before the end of the year.Will Canvas Votes Today.The election returns of ParisandBourbon county will be canvassed bythe County Election Board composedof Sheriff A. S. Thompson, M. RJacoby and B. 6. Marsh. The officialvote of the election held in this cityand county will be given out when theBoard completes the work.Turkeys in Fine Shape.The turkey crop of Bcurbon countyis in excellent shape and the fowls inthe pink uf conditom for slaughteringwhich will begin next week.On next Monday Chas. S. Brent &:Bro. will begin receiving turkeys andslaughtering for the Thanksgivingmarket will begin on November 15.The pens of this firm in Carlisle andMillersburg have recently undergonethorough repairs and many conveniences added to facilitate the handling of the large number of fowl3 tobe prepared for the markets. Easternshipments will be made from thispoint as rapidly as the fowls can bedressed for the market.FOLLOWED INSTRUCTIONS.IjCt l-1 .Bridget Yis, mum, an" 01 made thechicken broth.Mistress What did you do with It?Bridget Shure an' OI fed It to thftchickens, mum.Careful Child."Is your little boy sick with anything?" asks the lad of the lady whohad just moved in next door and whohad asked him to come over and playwith her little boy."No. Indeed." she smiles. "Why?""'Cause I've had my tonsils takenout an' my adenoids removed an myappendix cut out an' I been vaccinatedan' serumlzed for typhoid an' spinalmeningitis, an' I do hope I won't haveto have anything done to me this year,so I can have a little bit o fun for awhile." Woman's World.Breaking It Gently.Jim Rice, the coach of the Columbia crew, was praising a stalwartfreshman."He's so young and tender," saidthe coach, "you'd never think hecould row. Why, they laugh at him atthe barber's."As he was getting his hair cut theother day he said to the barber wistfully: "'Dobeard?youMythink I'll have a strongfather has r very strongone.'"Tt looks4as thoughmother.' "to me,' saidyou tookthe barber,after your'Still Young at Fifty."Where, oh, where Is little Elfle,.the six-year-old wonder of the world?"cried the stage manager frantically.And the other Marvels of the Universe echoed: "Where?"But at last a call boy was foundwho had news of the six-year-oldwonder."Where Is she?" they cried."She she's gone down to the station." explained the boy. "Her second daughter's bein married todayand she wants to see her off on herhoneymoon." Answers.THE -B!IflB BOURBON NEWS.CmAJALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGAccepts Position Here.Wra. Laughlin, of Carlisle, has accepted a position with Mr. T. F.Roche in his meat market and groceryin tUs city.Saturday Only.Six packages any 5 cent cigarettesfor 25 cents.OBERDORFER, The Druggist.Fresh Fruits and Vegetables.We have the finest fruits and vegetables at all times.C. P. COOK.Want Another Election.The liquor people of Georgetown arecirculating a petition for another election to take the sense of the voters ofthat city as to whether or not liquorshould be sold in that city.Thanksgiving Posl Cards.We have a beautiful line of Thanksgiving post cards just received. Comein and look them over.PARIS BOOK CO.Just Now is the Season.When you want good warm gloves.50 ce rs to $G a par.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Buys City Real Estate.Dr. D. S. Henry bought this weeksix and one-half acrs of land in thecity limits of Brooksville which hewill cut up into building lots and putthem on the market shortly at publicsale.The Latest Novels.' Classy novelslatest published.arriving daily.ThePARIS BOOK CO.You Save $5.On each suit when you buy a $20 suitfremJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Sock Social.The Hamilton Guards, Children ofthe Confederacy, will give a socksocial at the Confederate room in thecourt house on Saturday, November18. 1911, from 2 to 10 p. m. The proceeds will go toward furnishing aroom in the Paris hospital.Turkeys.We will begin receivingMonday, November 13.market price. Phones 14.turkeysHighestCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Boys Jersey Sweaiers.In red, gray and'navy blue. $1.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Business Meeting.The Missionary Society of thePresbyterian church will hold a business meeting at the residence of Mrs.Harry Clay on Duncan avenue thisafternoon at 3 o'clock. All membersof the society are requested to be present as business of importance willcome up before the meeting.Dried Fruits.everything in new driedC. P. COOK.We have.uits.Wall Paper Specials.We are offering some special bargains in wall paper. Come and seewhat a beautiful line jou have toselect from.J. T. HINTON.Additions to Honor Roll.We are requested to make the follving addition to the honor roll cf theParis Pbulic School :Grade II-B Edra Snapp 91.Grade III-B Herman Tully 91,Margaret Ewalt 91.Sophomore Class High School EliFriedman's grade should have been 97instead of 96.New Dill Pickles.Fresh barrel of new Dill Picklesjust received. Phone l-s your ordc10 2t T. LENIHAN?For the Cool Nights.Stop in aril ?e cur pew. line of comforts just received All Kinds at allkinds of pi ices. Don't buy comfortsuntil you see our stock. We can saveou money.J. T. HINON.Feld's fiood Shoes.At David Feld'svariety of shoes.you get thebest6 tfMrs. McClintock Moves to Paris.Mrs. Maggie Rogers McClintock,who has made her home for some timeat the residence of Mr. and Mrs. J.Waller Marshall in Lexington movedto Paris yesterday to make her homepending the decision of the Court ofAppeals in the divorce suit which Mrs.McClintock instituted in the FayetteCircut Court against her husband,James D. McClintock, and which wasrefused by Judge Kerr.Mrs. McCih.tock moves to this cilyin corrpliflnce with a judgment of theFayettelCircuit Court rendered a fewdas ago by the court, in which it washeld that pending the decision of theCourt of Appeals in the divorce suitMrs. McClintock should make herhome here for the p'resent with someparty whom Mr. or Mrs. McClintockor their attorneys think will be agreeable to the parties to the suit and atsuch a heme that Mr. McClintock mayhave the opportunity of seeing theirthree j ear old child. Rachel McClinitick, three hours daily.IV r. McClintock has engaged roomswith Mrs. Everett Peterson, who liveson Cvpre& street.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs; Elliott Ford is visiting inLsxington.Mrs. F. T. Hinton is vkiting' relatives in Cincinnati.Miss Lucille Price is in Cincinnatifor a two weeks' visit.Mrs. C. M. Clav has as her guest,Mrs. Bickle, of Pittbsurg, Pa.Mr-. P. H. Lane, of Philadeplhia,is thp guest of Mrs. Swift Champ.Mrs. Woodford Spears is visitingMrs. W. R. Shackieford in Richmond.Mrs. Keith Ingle?, of Louisville,is tha guest of her sister, Mrs. W. 0.Hinton.Mr. WorthMansfild has returnedto his home in Danville after a visit torealtives here.Mrs. Ellen Lyle, of Buafflo, N.Y., is the guest of her brother, Mr.John A. Lyle, near this city.Miss Margaret Martin has returned to her home in Carlisle after a visitto Mr. and Mrs. Martin O'Neal in thiscity.Mis. Ella Mernaugh, who has beenunder treatment at a Lexington hospital fo several weeks has returnedhome.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher has returned f.rom a visit to her sister, MissNellie Crutcher, at Caldwell College,Danville.A large crowd of society folk attended the Mrs Carter production of"Two Women" in Lexington lastevening.Mr. Jesse McLean who has been avisitor in Paris for the past ten daysleaves tomorrow for his home in SanFrancisco.Mrs. S. B. Parker has returned toher home in this city after a visit toher sistre, Mrs. J. W. Baldwin, inGeorgetown.Mrs. W. Ed Tucker, Mrs. HoraceCollins and Miss Corinne Collins attended the Price-Huston wedding inLexington Tuesday.Dan Peed, Jr., who was operatedon at the St. Jospeh Hospital, Lexington, a few days ago for appendicitis,is getting along nicely.The Aida Quartet and G. Pol Plancon will arrive this afternoon fromChicago, and will stop at the HotelWindsor,appenring at the Opera Housetonight.Mrs. J. A. Vansant, of Mt. Sterling, and Miss Sue Harris, of Fulton,Mo., who have been the guests of Mrs.J. 1. Vansant have returned to theirrespective homes.Mrs. Dr. Meyers and son, MasterJoseph 'Meyers, and Misses Maymeand Clarat Meyers and Miss Kelly, allof Cincinnati, who have been guests ofDr. and Mrs. F. P. Campbell on Highstreet, have returned home.Z Mrs. William Schnick, who hasbeen the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. M. B. Lovell, in thee ountry, hasreturned to her home in Beaumont,Texas, accompanied by her brother,Mr. Herbert Lovell, who goes for avisit.Mrs. James Ferguson entertainedMrs.Lindsay Blayney.of Danville, whois the guest of Mrs. Swift Champ witha touring party on Wednesday in herhandsome automobile. The party visited several of the adjoining towns andwere guests at the New Phoenix forluncheon.Mrs. Thomas McDonald, Mrs. C.C. Leer and daughter, Miss CarrollLeer are in Richmond, Va., attendingthe National Convention uf the Daughters of the Confederacy. Mrs. McDonald is the delegate from the RichardHawes Chapter of this city and Mrs.Leer and daughter are visitors.ll Mrs. Swift Champ entertainedTuesday afternoon at her home onPleasant street with an elegant courseluncheon in compliment to her guest,Mrs. Lindsay Blayney, of Danville.The party color was yellow, roses andchrysanthemums in that shade beingused to dceorate. The guests who enjoyed the lovelyFgathering were Mes-dames John Brennan, James Thompson, Joseph M. Hall, Owen L. Davis,J. W. Ferguson, Cassius M. Clay,t Charlton Alexander, Sidney G. Clay,Susie Pigg, W. E. Board, B. A. Frank,, J. W. Ishmael of Winchester, W. K.Dudley, H. V. Thompson of Winchest ter, W. H. Harrs, I. C. Haley, Careyi E. Morgan, Hume Payne and W. G.! McClintock, Misses Helen Frank,I Ollie and Lorine Butler.Just Received.Just received pure country sorghumand Heinz sour kraut.10 2t BAIRD & TAYLOR.Stated Convocation.There will be a stated convocationof Paris Chapter No. 15 Royal ArchMason at 7 o'clock this evening. TheRoyal Arch degree will be conferred.A full attendacne is requested."Two Orphans" at the Grand."The Two Orphans," in motion pictures will be the attraction at theGrand Opera House tomorrow night.The pictures are produced by the SeligCompany, and the story, with whicheveryone is familiar, is in three reels.The management of the Grand hastaken great pride in the selection ofpicture plays and the patrons of thetheater and the presentation of the"Two Orphans" Saturday night willmeet with the approval of the largenumber who frequent the place. Theadmission will'be ten cents.Hot Drinks. ,All kinds of hot drinks such ss hotchocolate, tomato bouillon, etc., onsale daily Polite service.CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.Small Farm at Auction.The Richard Freeman farm, formerly known as tne Drico Williams place,located near Ntwtown, Ky , will besold at auction on Tuesday. Nov. 14,1911, by Harris & Speakes. Has acomfortable nine room residence, afive acre tobacco barn and other outbuildings,, all in good repaii.Lincoln Statue Dedicated.Abraham Lincoln's statue given toKentucky by James BreckinridgeSpeed, of Louisville, was unveiledWednesday in the State Capitol atFrankfort by little Alice Speed, grand3daughter of the donor, in the presenceof William H. Taft, President of theUnited States, Governor AugustusE. Willson of Kentcuky and 1,500 distinguished citizens of Louisville, Lexington, Frankfort and the surroundingcommunity.The principal adaresses of the occasion were delivered by HenryWatterson, editor of the LouisvilleCourier-Jorunal, and President Taft,both of whom delivered beautifuleuloiges on the character of themartyred President. Much of theirspeeches was devoted to history, recalling incidents in the life of President Lincoln from his humble birthin Larue county to his occupying thehighest position within the gift of thepeople of America.Just Received.Just received pure country sorghumand Heinz sour kraut.10 2tBAIRD & TAYLOR.At Opera House Tonight.3 The great baritone G. Pol Plancon,with the celebrated quartet of musicians The Aida Quartet, will appearat the Opera House tonight. Thesinigng of Plancon alone is well worththe price of admission. Tickets are onsale at Mitchell & Blakemore's.LOST.On Tuesday afternoon on Pleasantstreet between Ninth and Fifthstreets, on Fifth between Main andPleasant or on Main between Fifthand Frank & Co.'s store a diamondsunburnt, containing eleven diamonds.The finder will be handsomely rewarded by returning same toMRS. HUME PAYNE.E. T. Phone 155-3.Lost Reward.Lost, on November 7, about thehour of 4 o'clock p. m., on Pleasantstreet between the residence of Mr.Swift Champ and Fifth street, or onMain, between Fifth and Frank &Co.'s dry goods store, a diamond sunburst. A liberal reward will be paidfor the return of the sunbrust to theNews office or to the undersigned.MRS. HUME PAYNE.Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.Corn for Sale.Seven hundred shocks of corn forsale. 'Good feed lot. Apply to undersigned. WALKER NELSON,Phone 2029. Route 1, Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.Modern cottage on Higgins avenue.Five rooms and bath, water and gas.Apply to undersigned.28 3t JOHN "PETE" CAIN.LOST.A small gray leather and silk bag onlast Wednesday containing a goldlocket and chain, one small diamondring, and about $2 in silver. Was lostbetween Paris and Centerville. Finderwill be given suitable rweard for return. WM. FERGUSON,R. F. U. No. 7.Phone 464-3 Paris, Ky.FAIR!For Friday Only.Attractive Offerings-SpecialFriday Values:Clothes Pins, 5 doz. for 5c.Hold-fast Clothes Pins, rigid galvanized springs, never rust, 3 doz. for 10c.Safety Pins,, heavy nickel-plated,all sizes, 3 doz. for 5c.Safety Matches, 6 boxes for 5c.Highest grade Gray Mottled Enameled Ware, first quality dependablegoods, goods that will pay you well tosee.10-quarb Preserving Kettles, varnished wood handles, each 35c.Mixing Bowls, 4 sizes nested, a nest35c.Extra deep Sink Dish Pan, each 3c.Full 14-quart Rolled Top Edge DishPan. each 35c.Round, covered,, handled RoastingPan, each 35c.Lunch Basket, each 5c.Hyacinths, all colors, 25c per doz.Crocus. 3 doz. for 10c.Enameled Soap Dishes, each 5c.THE FAIR.FOR SALE.One Born steel range and two Radiant Home heaters. Phone 148 or callat the Morehead Piano Co., 60(5 Mainstreet. 31 3tTHESTRAYED.From the late Jas. E. Clay's farmnear Paris on October 20 or 26, twosteers wieghing between nine hundredand one thousand pouuds. Liberal reward for return or notifyJAS. W. PAYNE,Route 2, Paris.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Mary B. Clay are requested to settleat once. Those having claims willplease have same proprely proven according to law and present them forpayment to the undersigned.S. BROOKS CLAY,Administrator.How often does thisquestion bob up in yourhome? It's perfectly natural, for every one shouldhave some recreation afterthe day's work.And no one need wantfor it where there's aVictor in the home.Why not get a Victorfor you?- home? Come inand see us aboutit today.Victors $10 to$100. Victor-Vic-trolas$15 to $250.Terms to suit.Daugbwty BrosWill fclik C lil 3 11this WeningftJ. T. HINTONJ.T.ISOLE AGENT FORATHENA UNDERWEARFor Ladies and Children.The Elastic Cuff holds the sleeve in place. Special stayprevents garment from stretching over the shoulder.Comfort without bulk. Daintiness with duribility.SOLE AGENT FORHENDERSON CORSETS.Buy good Corsets. The better Corsets you buy the betterfigure you will have, the more stylish you will appear andthe longer service you will get from your Corset. Wecarry them from $1 upward.W. Ed!-WE ARE READY FOR YOU!MHMIMHMIHHIiMtoi Fee's Cash Specials, iJ Potatoes F"5r 25c!Blackberry JamILenox SoapFEE'SLAND'.BLANKETS4HI3STTOJSTvmI:iTuckerIOgsPer PoundI$2,85Per BoxI$j5iftAiy-ijVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 10, 1911.ssflwirmroinroKJob Ppin&ncjWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!FEEDING COW WHOLE GRAINSInadvisability of Ration Has BeenDemonstrated by Experiment Stations and Owners.JSMTRE J9B P.eOfflS OPTHENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS, )CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.It is seldom advisable to feed wholegrain to dairy cows. This has beendemonstrated time and time again,both by experiment stations and individual dairy men and farmers. Theanimals cannot make as good use ofwhole grain as of grain that has beenground. The Michigan station hasfurnished some exact data on the subject that are worth attention. Thework was very carefully done and theresults reported as follows: Whenwhole corn was fed to cows 22.75 percent passed through them unmasticated; when fed to heifers, 10.77 ' percent., and when fed to calves, 6.28 percent. When whole oats was fed tocows, 12.06 per cent passed throughthem unmasticated; when fed toheifers, 5.48 per cent, and when fedto calves. 2.98 per cent. Whole cornand oats not masticated when fed tocows, 26.46 per cent; to heifers, 17.50per cent, and calves 5.78 per centChemical analysis showed practicallythe same composition of grain beforefeeding. Therefore it is safe to conclude that the animal derives no benefit from grain which passes throughthe digestive tract unmasticated. Theresults show two things. First, thatfeeding whole grain to cows and heifers is a very wasteful practice; second, that the younger animals aremore capable of masticating theirfeed than older ones.CAGE FOR DRYING MILK CANSProper Way to Purify Utensils "Is toInvert Them in Pure AirScreened-in Room 'Best.I believe the proper way to purifymilk utensils is to invert them in pureair. For a long time our method wasto turn the cans and pails over pegsset in the ground outside the barn,says a writer in the Farm and Home.The chickens "were always scratchingClean Place to Air Utensils.up dirt about them and very often itwas necessary to wash some of theutensils a second time.Finally we built a screened-in roomnear the big door in the barn. Thedoor was open most of the time, sothe utensils got plenty of air. Theywere put on pegs inside of this roomand cats and chickens were kept awayfrom them entirely. I think some daywe shall move this cage out of doors.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new .and modernfaces. . '., V a- xtr t w-the Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.&UUWUUimiiUrtBreed for fertility in your cows.Your heifers are your future cows.A dairy cow is not constructed tostand exposure.Sugar beet pulp is a very good feedfor milch cows.The dairy cow should essentially bea large and rich milker.The first and greatest law of breeding is "like begets like."Comfortable shelter goes a long waytowards making dairying pay.Never offer a poor pound of butterfor sale; rather, feed it to the pigs.The Guernseys have always beennoted for possessing a strong body.The best time to feed rutabagas todairy cows is immediately after milking. The kicking cow is probably themost aggravating member of aherd.Study and work to have your cowsdo their best, then do your part withthe milk.When a cow has been dry for sometime be gentle with her when shefreshens again.The greatest aid in tbj preventionof souring and care of all dairy products Is temperature.The strong cow is one that willraise a calf every year and produce alarge quantity of milk.Keeping the cows comfortable is aneglected point in the management ofthe herd during the fall months.The milk pail should be the main,consideration, but not the sole one injudging the value of the dairy cow.The strong cow can eat and digestlarge quanties of food, and this is essential for the production of big milkyields.S""" Separator Milk.Separator milk is a good pig feed,but not a perfect pig feed by anymeans, and unless cornmeal and middlings or ground oats is fed in thickslop, pigs are liable to drink so muchmilk that fermentation takes place intheir stomachs instead of normal digestion taking place, with the resultthat they bloat up and die. Don't putmedicated salt in the drink of a pig.It may do to mix some in his meal,but the best way is to mix the salt jwith ashes and some charcoal and let ,the pig eat it at will. iInternational GENGINESP Si K 'NTERNATI0HAL W Sj ffcdjjasoline gHK'l.AfiLiAll Types of Ell silage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.I0UNTESS IS SUED FOR DEBTLondon Money Lender Asks WomanFriend of King Edward toRepay $25,000.London. The Countess of Warwick,one of the closest friends of the lateKing Edward, has been sued by aformer London saloonkeeper for $25,000, and only the intervention of powerful influences has kept the casefrom coming up publicly in court. Thesuit shows that the countess was thevictim of a Imge swindle in her dealings with Hooley, he former Londonfinancier now bankrupt.A climax to the countess' troublescame when she no longer had a kingto guide her in her attempt to re-imavmsmFree ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies9 Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Dry-goods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call atmTWIN BROS.Cor. 7th and Main- ifitSii Us? Two Big Stores in OneI Wf m Paris, KentuckyJhabilitate her fortunes in an American !wood pulp company. It is rumoredthat the countess, who declares shewas swindled to the extent of $250,000,may go to America to look after herown business interests.Meanwhile the British publican declares he must be satisfied. The publican's name is Aj Paine, who branched out from liquor dispensing to lending money and forming half a dozenindustrial enterprises.As applied to the Countess of Warwick, Paine avers:"After calling on me she frequentlyordered a special train to convey herto her home at Warwick Castle, asregular trains were not on time fortea. The price for the special trainwas borrowed."Atmosphere Was Important."I must get the atmosphere Justright.""Why so particular about the at.mosphere?""This Is to be an aviation novel."Well, Rather.Uncle Jackson (showing city boythe farm) With all your city eddicatlon, sonny, I'll warrant you don'tknow which side you milk the cowfrom?The Boy Sure I do! It's the underside. Puck.Saved Child From Death."After our child had suffered fromsevere bronchial trouble for a year,"wrote G. T. Richardson, of Richardson's Mills, Ala., "we feared it hadconsumption. It had a bad coughall the time. We tried many remedies without avail, and doctors' medicines seemed as useless. Finally wetried I)r- King's New Discovery, andwe ars pleased to pay that Gne bottleeffected a complete cure, and he isagain strong and healthy." Forcoughs, colds, hoarseness, lagrippe,asthma, croup and sore lungs it's themost infallible remed that's made.Price 50c and $1. Trial bottle free.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges ot yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send voi aS A ?.! PLBTHEAT M E N T FREECatarrh is not only dnngerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, olten causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bvtaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away with. very sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.os.ds a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples senfrfree by writing BloodHalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.INSURE YOUR PROPERTY"Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Tw0 old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 Agent.Day Trip to St Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8:20 a. m., direct connection is madewith the B. &. O. S-W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noondaily, arriving St. Iouis at eighto'clock same evening. Ihi3 train carries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction."Parlor cars, electric lighted diningcar, .and makes direct connection inSt. Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S-W.St. Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. m., 9 a. m. and 9:15 p.m. daily except Sunday. Night trainshave electric lighted sleeping carsffith individual berth lights. For information as to fares and other particulars consult your loal ticket agenor addressS. T. SEEL;.T. P. A , B. & O. S-W. R. R.,513 Troptinn Bldor CiPfMnnofj, Ohio.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties-E. Term. 'Phone 716.JFinnk LangbomI I. II.. Ml tmtManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tf East Tenn. Pho e '669FOR SALE.I offer for sale privately my fineshow five-gaited Shetland stallion,"Cock Rohin." This stallion has beenexhibited 21 ti.nts and has takentwenty blue ties. Cock Robin wasformerly the property of Hon. C. M.Thomas, of Bcurhon. I also have forsain 3 fine weanling fillies by CockRnnin. out of good Shetalnd dams.AddressW T. OGDEN,- C20 A'aple avenue.Home phene 102. (Winchester, Ky.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 10, 1911.LAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TPV1It may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of letters frommothers and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, -Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to menlion. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxative-tonic that does not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do. as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.FOR RENT.The West end of the desirable storeroom fronting on Fifth street, recently vacated by the Paris postoffice 30feet front, running back about 25 feet.Property newly painted throughout.Located near interurban station.Immediate possession. Apply toBOURBON BANK & TRUSTCO.SPECIALRATESHomeseekers FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohoma, andTexas, on sale the first and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale."Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip winter Tourist Fares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or N. T. DRAKE-. T. A.To My Friends and HomeFELT ABOVE THEM.ISP Mfmilly fiTpM PXSh .f iFirst Martian History tells us thatthe people on the other planet aremuch lighter in color and superior tous.Second Martian That may be, butI consider myself far above them.overUndoubtedly.Oldblood My family camewith William the Conqueror.Newblood Well, mine went overto see George V. crowned, and I guessIt cost a lot more. Harper's Bazar.People:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs Rosa V. VVallineford.A Speedy Cure forConstipation, Biliousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, 9Liver Complaints, lired Reeling, Had laste inthe Mouth, Bad Complexion, Nervousness and alldiseases of the Stomach, Liver and Bowels."Bloodine Liver Pills"act Rently, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,stomach and digestive organs. The pills, in oldand chronic cases of constipation and indigestion.act st once, without griping, nor do they leave any 1tiYinlc raft .r-pfFprfc Tinr frrm n rnnctant linmt Eof purging, produced by other cathartic remedies.Bloodine Itching and. Bleeding"Ointment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Eheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.'Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.restore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcondition and healthful action. Remove and ore-2 vent constipation by securing a natural and regun lar operation of the bowels, and relieve those un1 pleasant symntoms which attend a diseased or9 morbid condition of the liver, stomach and bowels.To assist In attaining this end, the following suggestions are offered.5 REMARKS. Everyone who uses rills fortheir action on the liver, should know that largedoses rarely prove as satisfactory as small ones.Large doses simply purge and pass out of the system, usuallv leavmz the bowels constipated, and1 seldom removing the cause cf the trouble, or improve the general health. Un tne .otner nana,blUdU UU3U UCVCIUJ 111C OlkbiUllVI. bUVlt Jl 1.11.medicine, do not irritate or constipate tne ooweis,but trentlv stimulate .the liver and urevent theI accumulation of bile by directing its flow into the3 proper channels. Therefore it is advisable to commence by taking not over one or two puis at ueatime and increase dose as necessary.Portland, Mb.Gents: I find your "Bloodine Liver Pills"the most effective pill I ever used. They causeno griping or constipative after effect as most liverpills do. Yours truly,MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.Bloodine Ointment cures Piles. 50c a box.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showing11 A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our pres-ten handsome display of smart! millinery.1 We have made extra efforts' this season to reach the idea ofI every woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.nrrniTiargoien s.W. T. Brooks, Agent.The Mysteries ofMen's DiseasesOur book, the most complete ever published on"Men's Diseases." also the latest thesis on theeos'Ehrlich's Wonderful One-treatment BloodPoison Cure, will be sent free to any man whowill mention this newspaper, also disease.GIHGIiiATI MEN-SPECIALIST GO.521 WALNUT STREET.?F YOU SUFFERFrom Complicated, Chronic orSpecial Ailment or Dise&se, suchM Varicocele, Hydrocele, Rupttire, Pilei , Fistula, Blood Tolson,Ehenmatlm, Ulcer, Sore. SVInDiseases, Xerrotn Debility, oruy SPECIAL ailment ihttfcaibeen hanging on Ui weeks orBooths, reslmng the treatmentsof various doctors and dreg;!'!dsUI yon are discouraged taddisheartened, because cf the rc-hive taken ycur hard-earned ST"wney, giviag yon our 10 re'umSSS COME THUS.K Let cs show you hoyr nlcUyl33 "Our aSietton will field to thoZi t eatment 'r,lTiM.iii xttan KSniT ITOW. If TOn DM-" r r 1 " " - .i'T. vmnn rnnM tn rarotirrmui Droievciuuai icy ctInstallments to suit your convenience. 15 to 15 ii allyou need to t cured nader ibe poarantee of o Cureao Pay We offer yoa onrlB jrars of rMIaM'lty anakU here In CincfannU. FwrythJng strictly confidents Snrel&I Parlor fnr Prir&rr Call or write.i-onul'atlon. Examination and Ad Ice TREE.v&mm ' ftFu&mmi ' aW$!& M18The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,j Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. 1K"BOTTLE WITH A CREAM TAPDevice is Extremely Simple, Differing Only by Having Lateral NeckTube Worked Easily.When unskimmed milk is deliveredto the consumers in the usual type ofbottle, the cream forms a layer floating on the milk, says the ScientificAmerican. In pouring out the contentsof the bottle they are necessarily moreor less disturbed and mingled. Toprovide a bottle that shall be freeMilk Bottle With a Cream Tap.from this defect is the purpose of recent patents here illustrated. The device is extremely simple, resemblingin general outline the customary milkbottle, from which it differs by havinga lateral neck formed about the pointwhere the bottle reaches its largestdiameter. Through this neck a curvedtube of glass, paper or other suitablematerial is inserted, being free toslide in and out a certain distance, orto rotate about Jt3 axis. Both necksare closed with paper lids in the usualway. The operation of jthe device isso straightforward as to hardly require explanation. When it is desiredto draw off the top layer of the creamthe curved tube is turned with its inner end directed upward. If creamfrom a lower layer is required, thetube is turned accordingly. In transit,the tube is pushed in as far as it vailgo, to protect it against injury.APPLYING LIME WITH DRILLSuccess Made by Removing RubberPipes or Hose and Cast-ironBoxes Gauge RegulatesFormerly my neighbors, as well asI, have had trouble with the lime clogging the rubber pipes or hose, andeven the cast-iron boxes or cups towhich the rubber hose is attached. Sothis year we removed the whole, rubbers, cast-iron boxes or cups and all,and let the lime pour down in smallopen streams from each opening asthe flat disks pushed it out of the fertilizer box. It is a perfect success,and the gauge can be set to spreadfrom 500 to 900 pounds per acre. Thelime drops right down around thehoes and is partly covered by -them.Then we harrow the land crosswise,then drill In the wheat with 250 poundsof 14 per cent, acid phosphate peracre, put alike both on the four acresthat have been limed and the fouracres that have not been limed. Theexperiment costs little besides the$5.70 per ton that the lime costs, laiddown at our station, and "I want toknow, don't ye know," whether thereis anything in lime for clay land likemine which is already quite rlch fromthe glacial lime deposits?EASILY MADE SPRING HINGEWhere Double Door Is Desired' MethodShown in Illustration Will Beof Value.Where a spring hinge is desiredfor a double swing door, the methodof putting two ordinary hinges together as shown in the illustration, willbe of value. To make the upper andlower hinges two pairs of springhinges are used, as employed forhanging screen doors, these are riveted together with the springs on oppo-O O Q 0 H O o' Spring Hinge.site sides, or back to back, as illustrated. The rivets must be flush withthe face of the middle section. Thedoor can be mortised so that the middle section of hinge will set into same,as must be done with any doubleswing spring hinge.Obstructed Teats.If the cow has obstructed teats, bevery cautious about inserting milktubes, probes or quills. Nothing ofthe kind should be inserted in a cow'steat, excepting as a last resort, andthen only with the most extreme careand cleanliness.Foaming Cream.If the cream in the churn foams upand runs over the churn is too full orthe cream is -improperly ripened.nBBBBBB sisiiisiikiii.is..inii im I UL A 1 D1 IlRr II m&m wiiiisin iti inw I I VIi fVAmEDUCTION SALESEASONABLEm3lSKIRTS,DRESSES. WAISTSTiie garments offered herewith are in latest styles and farbeyond what others can show. Stylish, up-to-date garments atvery Sow prices.Suits in Black aud Blue, lined with guaranteed satin,worth $ 1 5m$7.48Suits in all-wool in serge, broadcloth, in all colors, grey and brown f flf)mixtures, regular value, $2SM .T OIUiUIICoats, in black broadcloth, serges, in all mannish cloth,regular value, $25.00Shirt Waists,regular value $1.50SI0.0059cSilk Petticoats in all colors,regular valne, $3.S0SI.50, 3yC IDOMB CO.I NCOR P O RATEDBOTH PHONES 129. COR. FIFTH AND MHiN STS.PARIS, KENTUCKY.MCSkff7aTgliTTMiiHIt Startled the World.when the astounding claim3 werefirst made for Bucklen's Arnica Salvehut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them true, and everywhere it is now known as the bestpalve on earth for burns, boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Only 25c at Oberdor-fer's.Unable to Answer.At the courts a case concerningmotor driving was being heard, whenthe chauffeur declared that whiledriving at forty miles an hour hecould, if necessary, pull up in ten ortwelve feet."Urn!" said the judge.Then the next witness an expertgave his evidence. Said his lordship:"If a motor car were traveling atforty miles an hour, and the brakescould be put on in such a manner asto stop- it within ten or twelve feet,where would the driver go?""Depends very much on the sort oflife he'd been living," said the expertTit-Bits.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSt-TO-FLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSOP SALE DAIL.YVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTED1 DINING CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS. CALL ON ANY TICKET AGENT, QUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE,OB WHITEH. C. KING, Passengerland Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St, LEXINGTON, KY.A Burglar's Awful Deed.may not paralyze a home so complete! v as a mother's Ions: illness.Bub Dr. King's New Life Pills are a'splendid remedy for women. "Theygave me wonderful benefit in constipation and female trouble," wroteMrs. M. O. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn.If ailing try them. 25c atOberdorfer'sIn the Hot Place.Satan What are those two automobile fellows fighting about?Assistant They just got into an argument over whether this place oughtto be air cooled or water cooled.Puck.Germs Spread in Skin. Live and Learn..Probably most of those poor chlldren of London who are receiving thesea-water cure that is being talkedabout have never been to the seaside in their lives. There is a storytold of a party of such who weregiven a day at a popular resort Whentaken on to the beach the Httlescamps hastily threw off their clothesand rushed into the water for afrolic. One, who had never been bythe sea before, got his mouth full ofwater. "Why," he exclaimed, ns Ronas he could, "some one's been ixroxing salt in! "Tit-Bits.Reassuring.- Town Visitor That's the villagedoctor, isn't it?Townsman Yep.Town Visitor Is he a good doctor?Townsman Oh, he's all right Ifyou've got a strong . constitutionPuck.Eczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofgerms at work in the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly multiply, gnawing theirway deep into the sensitive tissue.This is what causes that awful itch,and what seemed a. mere rashmay grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing skin diseasewith its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thegerms at the beginning of the troublewith that soothing and cleansing wash,the D. D. D. Prescription for -Eczema.A 25c bottle will prove this to you.We have had experience with manyremedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures asthose from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the very nrst application. We are so confident that D. D. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle fails to make good every claim.If you have skin trouble of anykind, we certainly advise you to dropin and investigate the merits of D. D.D. anyway. We know that D. D. D,twill help you.G. S. Varden & Son, Agents.ECONOMY."My dear, we can't go on in thisway. You simply must find some wayto cut down your household expenses.""I've been cutting them down rightalong. Twice last week I refrainedfrom ordering celery, and on Thursday I telephoned to my drecsmaker,saving ten cents car fare that wouldhave been wasted if I had gone totry on my new gown, which wasn'tready. So you see I'm doing my best.Rut you can't expect me to do all thepconomizing. What are you doing tnpduce your expenses?""Me? Great heavens! TW canvon ask such a thing? I saved $600a st week.""Six hundred dollars? Why, Georg?.ou haven't got $600 to save.""I know it, but I saved it all theame A friend of mine, who claimed"o have inside information concernhe Steel, gave me a pointer, and if Ivtd borrowed 5600 and done as he adod I'd have lost every cent of It"Administrator's Notice.I All persons knowing themselves inuebtPu to the estate of the late Mrs.W. W. Massie, are requested to calland settle at or.ee.Those having claims acain3t theestate will please present same properly proven according to law for payment to the undersigned.JAMES McGLURE, Administrator10 lm of Mrs. W. W. Massie.Forehanded.Magazine Editor This Is a splendidstory, but I never heard of the authorbefore; did you?Assistant Never. Shall I send Itback?Magazine Editor No. Put It awajjuntil he becomes famous.Take No Chances,The married life doth lessons teach'And we Infer,No prudent -&ife would ask a "peAChTo visit ber.2ISSLET US CURE YOU!vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 10. 191 1.IZoValBaking PowdeAbsolutely PtardMakes Home Baking EasyNo other aid to the housewifeis so great, no other agent souseful and certain in makingdelicious, wholesome foodsMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. Chas. Lavin visited relativesat Carlisle Wednesday.Miss Ollie S. Tolcott, of Adams, N.Y., is the guest of Mrs. Deans.Mrs. Marcie Clarke, of Covington,is the guest of Mrs. S. K. Proctor.Mr. C. D. Tackett left Wednesdayfor a three weeks' hunt in Bath county. Mr. Mack Grimes was among ihenumber who accompanied the gun clubto Arkansas.gtThe only Baking Powdermade fromRoyal Grape Cream of TartarHo Alum No Lime PhosphatesMorehead Lyceum Course.The Aida Quartet, with G. Pol Plancop, the famous baritone, comes to theopera house on Friday night as thesecond attraction of the MoreheadLyceum Course. This is the greatestmusical organization on the road, being greeted by crowded houses in' f very city they appear. The singingtf the wonderful baritone Plancon,arouses the greatest enthusiasm, and'he is recalled again and again aftereach rfong. It is to be truly hopedthat our people will greet these superbartists with a large audience.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Canal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfRecommended."That Jones boy who used to workfor you wants to hire out to me. Ishe steady?""Steady? If be was any steadierhe'd be motionless" .ludeMrs. Belle Taylor has returned aftera week's visit to her daughter, Mrs.K. B. Hutchings, at Lexington.Miss Nannie Gill left for her homeat Maysville Thursday after a tendays' visit to Mrs. Aaron McConnell.Mesdames C. M. Best and W. V.Shaw attended the 'reception of Mrs.Warren Rodgers at Cane Ridge lastFriday. ,Mrs. 'L. D. Harris and daughter,Miss Gertrude, of Paris, were guestsbf Mrs. C. D. Tackett from Saturdayuntil Monday.Mrs. W. M. Becraft and daughter,Mrs. J. T. Jefferson, left Wednesdayfor a several weeks' visit to relativesat Jacksonville, 111.The protracted meeting at thePresbyterian church will continueover Sunday. Services each afternoonat 2 and evenings at 7:15 o'clock.Mrs. F. W. Troy gave a Larkinsocial at her home Tuesday afternoon,from 2 to 5. Quite a large number ofladies were present. Coffee and teawere served.Regular services Sunday morningand evening at the Methodst church.Dr. F. W. Troy, of the First Christianchurch, will discuss as his morningsubject, "Deliverance," in the evening "The Harvest."Owing to the heavy rains of Mondaythe football game between M. M. I.and Nicholasville on Nicholasvillegrounds was not pulled off, althoughour boys went to Nicholasville prepared to play the game.The election passed off quietly hereTuesday. There was no disturnancesof my nature. Everybody was in thebest of humor and the Republicansare taking their defeat philosophically.Millersburg gave O'Rear a majorityof 28 votes. The 'two precincts gaveWilson a majority of 1 fouiyears ago.Regular meetingTof Amity LodgeTuesday night, three examinationswere made, two entered, Apprenticel r , ,lDay at Our Store.FALL ANJ.P w t X J Jl Jl JajFOOTWEAR FASHIONOur New and "Distinctly Different" Line of Fall ShoesRepresent the pick of the product of the best and most recognizedShoe Makers of National reputation. When you buy of us you canrest assured that no model, unless conforming in every particular tothe accepted smart styles, can find a place on our shelves. We invite you to call and inspect them, comparing our low prices in comparison to what you have to pay at other stores for like quality.This is the Right Time to Buy Rubber Footwear,Don't be caught on a rainy day without proper protection to yourfeet. We are headquarters for everything in Rubber Footwear,which we retail at wholesale prices. Oar low prices are the talk ofthe town : : : ; : ::::::For Style, Fit, Comfort and QualityThe Walk-OverShoesAre unequaled. We have them inall the latest new toes in Tans, Patents,Gun Metal and Box Calf. Try them.and one Fellowcraft. There will nespecial work of the lodge next Mondayevening also the following Monday,Nov. 21. All members are earnestlyrequested to be present.Mrs. T. D. Judy is able to be aboitafter a two weeks' illness.Mrs. 0. M. Johnson returned Wednesday after a visit in Wicnhester.Mr. Chas. Miller is visiting relativesand friends in Cincinnati and Covington. Mrs, J. H. Barnes has returnedafter a week's visit to friends in Cincinnati. Mrs. R. L. Buffington, of Cincinnatiis the guest of her sister, Mrs. W. M.Miller.The ladies of the Baptist church willhold their annual Christmas bazaar onDecebmer 8 and 9.Mrs. W. A. Butler left Thursday fora two weeks' visit to her grandmother,Mrs. Elizabeth Howe, in Cuvington.Mrs. Josephine Barnett and son, Mr.Earl Barnett, of Indianapolis, Ind.,are gueats of Mr. and Mrs. V. L. Barton. The Ladies Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church will meet Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 in the Sundayschool room of the church.The East Tennessee Telephone Co.,here have received a new section fortheir switchboard which will accommodate about 150 more phones.Miss Lutie Lucas, of Austerlitz,who was married on Wednesday to Mr.Carpenter at the home of Rev. E. M.Lightfoot, in Paris, was at one timenight operator for the Bourbon HomeTelephone Co. here and was verypopular.Mr. 0. M. Thomas has located inIndianapolis, Ind. His wife and littleniece will follow next week. Mr. J.W. Henson and family who have forsome months rpsided with Mr. andMrs. Thomas in the property of Mrs.Frankie Collins have returned to theirhome on Main street.B uHVMaMoaKBiaHBHDBaaBMaKnDAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.uOna Way.Knlcker We must reduce expenaeaduring hard times.Mrs. Knickor Why not go to En.rope to live like the returning migrants?Outclassed."Does your automobile go fasterthan your neighbor's?""No," replied Mr. Chuggins. "Butmy danger signal makes a much moredisagreeable noise than his."A Young Grafter.Stranger Boy, will you direct meto the nearest bank?Street Gamin r will for a shilling.Stranger A shilling! Isn't that toomuch?Street Gamin Bank directors always get big pay, mister. Tit-Bits.On the Calendar.There's Just no rest for Jingling wlht-'Twill soon bo time.With suitable gusto to writeAn oyster rhyme.fw--W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings ForWhole Family at Reasonable Prices.thefOSTRICH IS BROKEN TO RIDENot Difficult or Dangerous to "Break'Big Rooster Bird to theSaddle.Los Angeles, Cal. In Californiathere are several large ostrich farms,where hundreds of these big plumagebirds are hatched, raised, and 'keptfor the commercial value of theirfeathers. Quite often some of themale ostriches are broken to ride, asmay be seen by the accompanying illustration. This scene is shown onone of the large ostrich farms located near Los Angeles.As a general thing it does not provea difficult or dangerous piece of workto "break" a big rooster ostrich to the"saddle," or to ride him "bareback." It only requires a little patience, tact and gentleness. Thehuge bird soon comes round to hiswork. He is not cross or ill naturedif treated kindly, as a rule, and makesa tractable mount. Sometimes theyWe suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured King.Here is a ring that is so good that ifc is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmost confidence. It is the ring wTe feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy of a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterwTard, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat "Will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.Botl(f wSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers."The House of Quality.Both Phones.JXXXr . ,I ' 1 JSgy-TheCROMTHATNEVEw .H m JB KJr?SK kK Kiviv;frwfL SLraH vLIKfcj I&wjm& imsflHv:Mi:f r-.agmk?&?4r$ ?xXXXCopyrlg&t 131U, by the Standard Adv. Uo.THERE is no seed so fertile as money. Every singledollar is productive. The elqser you plant the greateryour harvest. Money in the bank, unlike the cropsin the field, need no cultivation, and it is not endangeredby frost or drought.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsi DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Riding an Ostrich.are broken to drive either singly or ina team, and draw about the farm atwo or four-wheeled vehicle.They are very powerful creaturesfor their size and weight, and havenot the least difficulty in carryingabout n ordinary man. On footthey are very nimble, and can runwith the speed of a horse. A hardkick from one of these ostriches' feetis powerful enough to break a man'sleg or arm.His System."Why do you always tell people togive up the things they most enjoy?""Because," replied the physician, "Iam pretty sure they 'won't do it Andthen if they don't recover they can'tblame me."Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000txJ. T. HINT0N,PARIS, KENTUCKYFUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDEMBALMER. Ambulance Service FumigatingBest Equipped Establishment in Central KentuckyNIGHT PHONES tIBOTH PHONES Day 36Old 56 or 22New 65, 22 or 286J'VThe Aida Quartet, at The Paris. Grand, To-night.4