NTtT,aTHEEWS.-r. --zxyf VPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1911.NUMBER 541fVLMATRIMONIAL.t-Miss Mildred Freese andJVIr. Robert Yohey, of Tippicano City, O., wereunited in marriage in the parlors ofthe Fordham Hotel Monday afternoon,Elder Carey E. Morgan officiating.The couple came to Paris Monday,having elcped from Tippecanoe City,Engineer Injured in Explosion.As the result of an explosion of atraction engine on the farm of Chap;Miller, about two miles from Millersburg Tuesday about noon, Will Blakt,the engineer, whose home is in Carlisle, was horribly scalded and his injuries may prove fatal. Blake wasrunning the engine, which was attached to a thresher, which was engagedjWINGHESTEH INS RACEOvercomes Paris When LatterDrops Brace of Games tothe Lawmakers.and secured a marriage license. After! jn threshing uut the crop of wheat ofsoer.dmg several days at the FordhamHotel they returned to their home yesterday morning.A marriage license was issuedWednesday to Mr. Thomas Feelbachand Mrs. Phylena Mitchellton.Internal Revenue Assignments.Collector Timothy A. Fields, of theSeventh District, has closed up theaccounts of collections ot his office forthe fiscal year, ending June 30, andthe total of $4,3o0"939.84 breaks all records for the district, exceeding thelast fiscal year by about $380,000. Thetot2l for June was $335,976.10, a gainof about $32,000 -over June of lastyear.Among the July assignments, whichwent into effect Saturday, are the follewing: No. 77 Julius Kessler & Co., Pans;J. P. Hutchcraft. day ; J. M. Tanner,bottling ; A. A. Bablitz and E. J. Marcyn, additional ; W. G. Cook, gauger.G. G. White Co., Paris. C. H. Wickliffe, day; A. V. Combs, additionaland bottling; R. D. Grant, additional;W. G. Cook, gauger.No. 10 F. P. Thomas, Kiserton ; C.L. Hough, day ; W. W. Cherry, additional and bottling; W. G. Cook,ganger.Mr. Martin. The water becoming tcolow in the boiler resultfd in the explosion, which blew Blake a distanceof fifty feet from the scene. He was Jscalded from head to foot but no bones Presidentwere broken. He was taken lmmedi-l ately to MUlersburg, where he received medical attentioon, andwab latertaken a to Lexington hospital. Themachinery, which was owned by SamSnapp, of Nicholas, was blown topieces.COLTS LOSE TO HUSTLERS.At Public Sale.On Tuesday, July 12 an elegant twostory residnce on Cypress street willbe sold at public auction. The most-up-to-datereisdence in the city. Saleat 2 o'clock.HARRIS & SPEAEKS.tteal Estate Agents.UsseryResignationLeague's Affairs.Tenders Hisas Head ofWe Know How."n"Y" is Completed.Workmen completed the laying ofthe "Y" anu the terminal of the BlueGrass Traction Co., in this city andWednesday the swiich was used forthe first time. The switch is used forturning the big interurban cars equipped with only one trolley, and whichhave been in operation only on theFrankfort and Versailles divisions ofthe road. The cars now run fromFrankfort through Lexington to Paris.Ito""!Down Goes thePRICE OF FLOUR$wwBlue Ribbon Flour, the BestIn the World.vBlg Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40Standard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams 15White Bacon, per pound 10Santee Syrup, 1-2 gal can 15Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can 20Karo Syrup, 1 gal. can . ." 40Lenox Soap, 8 bars : 25Ivory Soap. 6 ars 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans 25All RolledlSeal Oats, 3 boxes 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25WSWm The Grocery StoreT. C. LENIHAN, Prop.m&feA1ssotoof Quality, towBoth Phones 234WsTwo games dropped to the Lawmakers on the final day of the firsthalf of the season, and the trimmingof Lexington by Winchester gave theHustlers a lead of twenty-four pointsover the Bourbonites and the championship for thennitial half of the season of 1911.The contest during the past fewweeks has been one exceedingly interesting, due to the positions of Winchester and Paris, the league leaders.Two weeks ago the Bourbonites had acommanding lead and at the rapid ratethey were drawing away from theiroDoonents. seemed to have the situation well in hand.The club suffered reverses and afterlosing a number of games in succession came within hailing distance ofthe Hustlers, who were putting up anarticle ot ball that was calculated toland them up about the top of tneladder.In .the early part of the presentweek the locals took a brace afterplaying the Lexington club off its feetin an eighteen inning contest whichresulted in a tie. Following this theyscored a double victory from the Lawmakers on the horn grounds Sundayand administered a defeat to the Hustlers in the game Monday.The games of the Fourth provedvery disastrous for the locals and bygetting nothing better than a tie inthe two contests with the Rivermen,set them back a few pegs while Winchester by winning one moved up afew points toward the front.While the result of' the two gamesof yesterday would have made nochange in the final outcome of thepennant race as it developed, stillthere is some doubt as to the gamebetween Winchester and Lexingtonbeirg ctfac ly on the level. It is awell known fact that Lexington hasnot the best feeling for Paris and inour opinion witn tne race so ciuiu,would make not the slightest hesitancy in presenting a weak line-up togive her opponent the advantage,A number of Paris people were inLexington yesterday to witnes the contest between the Colts and Hustlers,and came home disgusted with themaneuvres of the Sheets-Yam-ey aggregation. In is learned upon goodauthority that the matter of tnrowingthe game to the Hustlers was discussed by the spectators, who weremore than eager to see their horreteam lose to give their opponents anadvantage over the Paris team.If such feeling couldlbe instilled intothp hall nlavers the result would berery easy to determine. Tactics ofthis sortnre sure to prove detrimentalto the league, ana renects not oniyupon the players of the game, but thecity which they represent.Dr. W. G. Ussery, President of theBlue Grass League yesterday tenderedliia resignation the directors of theLeague by telegraph to become effective July 10, when a meeting of theleague directors will be called to namehis successor.Dr. Ussery declined to give out astatement for publication last nightother than that his resignation wasthe result of complications whicharose, following the meeting of thedirectors in Lexington a few days ago,and the refusal of certain members tocomply with the rules and by-laws of(the organization.wW'Xrrec$ Sape" IYou can see the point, noneed of further argument. 9Plenty of room and yet an Iacme of style and quality.Why not a pair today IPATENT "BURROJAPS" IGUARANTEED ! ! 1-., What do ou think BIwi&FW, BurT & Packard Co 1fSS-,. Brockton, HGuaranteed Patent Leather iShoes:There is some satisfaction in buying a pair ofPatent Leather Shoes from this store, and the reason is every pair of Shoes sold by us for $4 areabsolutely guaranteed not to crack. If they do wewill give you a new pair free. The Korrect Shape$4 Shoes5n Patent Leathers, Gun Metals and Tansare sold with this guarantee, and why do yuo wantto buy other brandy of patent leathers that will goto pieces on you. 'Come to this store where yourdollar will go farther than any place else. We areshowing all styles, both in High-Cuts and OxfordsThe Stetson Shoes for $5 and $6 have no equalwhen it comes to a high grade Shoe. Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes are just the thing for men whosuffer with aching feet. Come in and try a pair.ell & Blakemore,Will h aTaParis, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.Sji v ii r ii mwimwib rnTwa ?' .r r vatBH awi. Tk. . jBnHBaaBh .b. .ht. a-. - HBik.mewEsasm. Mmmmmmm wmmmmm&r.wmmmmB mmMM! jmwiiii m 1 1 1 1 1 1 iJiJSBi'JkUtiJMJauBEBmasBmmmmmmmmmaHaaBm;fHiiiinmmiminnniumjiNiiiiniimiiiiuimimiinnmI FRANK & CO. !!The Store Where Reliability Reigns.f4LT5&2&v'liSpecial SPrieepmmFORSuit Buyersfr-.thTJ"ismmOUR'-r&m&&&Je3D U 835 tils; For $24 .These Suits are this Saason's Models-Comequick, as they won't last long at the price.Price & Co.,$mgClothiers.i.3.f3W?3Wfe,fgSTUESDAY.Paris and Maysville met in twogames on the Fourth, the mopinggame resulting in a score of C to 3 andwas called at the conclusion of theninth inning. The afternoon contestwas won by Maysville by a score ot 4to 3, bat will go to protest.Kuhlman scored from first in thethird inning on a vild throw, but wasent back to second by Umpire Alloway. There being no ground rule tothis effect McKernan protested.Morning game.Paris .0 00010200-3Maysville 0 0002010 0-3Batteries-Paris, Shears and Mayer;Maysville,. Chase, Gusas and Snyder.ErrorsParis 2,- -Maysville 4. HitsParis 5, Maysville 8. Two base hitsMcKelvey, Snyder. Three base hitsWoodruff. Sacrifice hits Shears 2,Friedley, Snyder. Sacrifice fly McKernan. Stolen bases Kuhlman,Llarrell. Bases on balls off Shears 5.Struck out by Shears 8, by Chase 5.Hits -off Chase 11 in 8 innings Lefton .bases Paris 8, Maysville 12. Double plaj Langenham to Williams.Wild pitch Chase. Passed ballsMayer 3. Time 2:30. Umprie Allo-way. Attendance -1,000.5 Afternoon game. " fr-Paris 0 10 010 0J) 13Maysville 0 2 0 2 0 000 x 4BaUeries-Paris, King and Mayer;May3vlile, Beer and Snyder. HitsParis 7, Maysville 14. Earned runsParis 1, Maysville 2. Three base hitBarnett. Sacrifice hit Casas. Stolenbase Langenham. Base on balls offBeer 1. Struck out by Beer 10, byKing 4. Lp,ft on bases Maysville 9,Paria 6. Double play Harrell to Barnett. Wild pitch Beer. Passed ballSnyder. Fir3t base on errjrs Maysville 2. Paris 2. Time 2:20. UmpireAlloway. Attendance 1,500.&km7 f m m.JJ& Oy-ummerjSaleegins Thursday,July 6tilBaig Bargains in EveryDepartment.1.Vvr-5f-3 v. JJjSpvS-S&'s4'mS XFrank & Co.; - . Paris, - ' - KentuckyBiiiiMnuuiiHiiirrnuiiitiDiiiHiiiHiiimiMiLiniiuiuiuuiMiiiitiiiiuimmujxuuiuuiuiiiiisnasi Bxs&sscmsAiimvimxmni,mjk 7Vk ja.H4m?GW2GW2f&&sv ywwww & wssmmq. nm,t nHUWWPTHE BOURBON, NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 7, 1911THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Strong Healthy WomenIf a woman is strong and healthy in a womanly way, motherhood means to her but little suffering. The trouble liesin the fact that the many women suffer from weakness and, disease of the distinctly feminine organism and are unfittedfor motherhood. This can be remedied.Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionCures the weaknesses and disorders of women,It acts directly on the delicate and important1 1 KalnflffSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow er??S5n'ffTOMu!siiff55cI1HIM JIIIIIIIIBIMI IIIIJ lllll II J I.IMIlfEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoflice as Second-class Mail Matter.,vEstablished in 1881 29 Years of Continuous Publicationonorgans concerned in motherhood, making themhealthy, strong, vigorous, virile and clastic."Favorite Prescription" banishes the indispositions of theperiod of expectancy and makes baby's advent easy andalmost nainless. It quickens and vitalizes the feminineDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.5 - Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFheproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverneed repairs. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.organs, and insures a healthy and robust baby. Thousands of women hatestified to its marvelous merits.It Makes Weak Women Strong, It Makes Sick Women Well.Honest druggists do not offer substitutes, and urge them upon you as justas good." Accept no secret nostrum in plare of this non-secret remedy. Itcontains not a drop of alcohol and not a grain of habit-forming or injuriousdrugs. Is a pure glyceric extract of healing, native American roots.BnuniWSSSSKVk i !H $Wr ry-v7-4. twMMMMMMIPMPgfZL . JBiSBlMMJinMAQHAiLnJTViAwmsmMgMm aMGHKsxMjgy "&ZAifTirA .LHHEriWWsX RiGINALSTYIand SUPERIORITYEn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguishes our Monuments from all otJwrs, while prices aroreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of ner and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams Son,A2 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ONE YEAR,.00 I SIX MONTHS. Payable in Advance1.00Working in the Garden''JfAi(Ji &$L 'YY'A &&5 (0 S iis a real pleasure if you avethe right tools. We have acomplete ine of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real sejviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an 'outfit. It will help3'ou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWRY & TALBOTTParish IKIexrtxxoiteLV0S(Is4sDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.Bourbon Laundry;A f rticular Service forParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theda we promise it, and itsqunli'yis guaranteed. Giveu i trial order. You'll notre 'ret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, J Kentucky.H It !P3lnH - Kill.c" .'u-nk-.....fc...for Sale PrivatelyDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET.1 offer for sale privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andJbilleston avenue. Contains five rooms,two balls, bath, pantry, back andfront porches; cellar under entirehouse; gas throughout; water in yardand house; sewer connection. Theresidence fronts on Second street, andis extremely disirable; fine shadetrees on all sides. Immediate possession can be given.Prospective purchasers invited to inspect the premises.TERMS. Made known on application to the undersigned.JOHN ARKLE.12 tf Home Phone 211.Dr. Wm. Kenney,ErLAKEis czzt reached by theQiiiC JiL!&STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESOffice PhonasPARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E T 136.Home 1 fi:Season lickets on Sale DailyJune 1 to Sept. 30.Special 30 - Say ExcursionsJuly 6 and 27Summer Excursion Ticketson sale to New York Giy and all Eastern resorts.Stop-over at Chautauqua Lake and Niagara Falls permitted on nrst-clas3 one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or writeJ. H. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., forfurther information.! MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,iOolls and Fancy Novelties.i , E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Mr. James B. Haggin has addedanother slice of Blue Grass land to hisElemendorf estate, having just purchased from Mr. George K. Graves atract "of 93 acres located near theMaysville pike in Fayette and adjoining the Haggin larm. The price wasnot made pubilc.One of the most unfortunate accidents that has occurred in the horseworld recently was such a serious injury to Gen. John B. Castleman's famous show mare, Margarita 7 whichwas shipped from Cleveland June 29,by which that beautiful animal hasbeen completely ruined for the showring.The mare was being sent to theSpringhurst farm in Fayette when injured in Cincinnati. The mare wasvalued at $5,000. At the Chicago.International last year she defeatedthe noted Ednu Mae and Kentucky'sChoice, both owned by Mrs. RichardTanker Lowndes, of Danville, and alsodefeated J;he champion, Joe McDonald,of Missouri In the harness saddleclass she also beat the famous KateHamilton.A company with a capital stock of$20,000 has filed articles of incorporation to erect a warehouse and establisha loose leaf tobacco market and commission busines's in Carlisle. Sam K.Veach, C. C. Ratliff, Frank C. Taylor,W. J. Kennedy and I. B. Ross are theincorporators. Over one-half of thecapital stock has already been sold.Superstition Just Plain Fear.But superstition is plain fear without any cause, and is utterly demoralizing. If a man is afraid to overeat itmakes him healthy; if he is afraid ofghosts it makes him a fool. If he isafraid to lie or do a mean act it produces growth and makes him moremanly; if he is afraid to be happyor to leave the house in the morningstarting off with his left foot insteadof his right it stunts his manhood andmakes him childish.Nine Things to Remember.Nine things there a're of which thesuperior man should be mindful: to beclear in vision, quick in hearing, genial in expression, respectful in demeanor, true in word, serious in duty,inquiring in doubt, .firmly self-controlledin anger, just and fair whenthe way of success opens out beforehim. Confucius.A Fly Killer. .To destroy the pest of flies in thesummer kitchen, simmer together onepint of milk, a pound of raw or brownsugar and two ounces of pepper. Placesaucers containing the mixture aroundthe house. It means almost instantdeath to the flies and the stuff is harmless.To Remove Paint From Windows.In the spi ing of the year when thereis so much painting done many people are annoyed by having their window-panesflecked and smeared withpaint. If you rub briskly with hotacid vinegar you will find this effectual in removing naint. Harper'sBazar.Where Steel Pens Come From.Ninety-five per cent, of . the steelpens manufactured in the UnitedStates are made at Cambridge, N. J.Sic Transit.Some women fade quickly, being at.heir best no longer than a warship.Long Wire Span.The span of telephone wire justplaced across the bay is one of thelongest anywhere in the state of Oregon. The wire runs from a pole nearCaptain Wellander's house to oneabout 100 feet high on south beach,and the distance from pole to pole is2,500 feet, or nearly one-half mile. Itsaverage heights above the water isabout 125 or 130- feet, and will clearthe masts of any vessel coming inhere at present. Newport Signal.Moth Balls and Moles.Our new lawn was completely ruinedby ground moles, and many dollars'worth of bulbs which we bet out wereeaten. After trying traps and otherdevices, we were about to give up indespair when a florist told us to pushmoth balls down into the tracks.These drove them away completelythe odor of the balls permeating theground.--Woman's Home Companion.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other diseases put together, and until the lastfew years was supposed to be incurable. For a great many years doctorspronounced it to be a local diseaseand prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Science has proven catarrh to be aconstitutional disease and thereforerequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufacturedby F, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is the only constitutional cure on themarket. It is taken internally indoses from 10 drops to a teaspoonful.It acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces ot the system. Theyoffer one hundred dollars for any caseit fails to cure, bend for circulars andtestimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O., Sold by druggists 75c.- Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.One Advantage She Has.Anyhow, the maiden lady never hasto sit up until 2:00 a. m. to open thedoor for a man who can't find the keyhole.Message Travels Fast.It takes about 20 seconds for a shortmessage to go from one end of theAtlantic cAle to the other. This isabout 100 miles a second.Spain the Land of Sunshine.Spain has more sunshine than anycountry in Europe. The yearly average is 3,000 hurs; in England it is1,400.Finger Nails and Health.Rapid growth of the finger nails isconsidered to indicate that a person isin good health.Old Soldier Tortured.fFor years I suffered unspeakabletorture trom indigestion, consticationand liver trouble, "wrote A. K.Smith,a war veteran at Erie, Pa-, ''butDr.King's New Life Pills fixed me allright. They're simply great.'' Trythem for any stomach, liver or kidneytrouble. Onlv 25c at Oberdorfer'sReward is Renewed."Gov. Willson Monday offered a reward of $500 for the arrest and conviction of each member of the mob wholynched thrae negroes at Shelbyvillesome months ago. . It really was a renewal of the old reward which wasoffered ad which had expired by limitation. Tee reward was offered immediately aftar the lynching and hasbeen renewed from time to time. Ithas now been renewed again and willstand foe the next sixty days.Death in Roaring Fire.may not result from the work of firebugs, but often severe burns arecaused that make a quick need forBncklen's Arnica Salve, the quickest,surest cure for burns, wounds, bruisesboils, sores. It subdues inflammation.It kills pain. It soothes and heals.Drives off skin eruptions, ulcers orpiles. Only 25c at Oberdorfer'sFamous Feudist.A dispatch from Frankfort says:"The Sheriff of Laurel county broughtto the penitentiary'General May, thefamous feudist, who was convicted ofkilling a man and his wife and sentenced to the penitentiary for life. Headmitted killing the man, out claimedself defeLse, and denied that he hadkilled the woman. May was at libertyfor a long time after the crime wascommitted, and finally arrested by accident. It is charged that Maj haskilled several men. He did not apppalfrom the sentence of life imprisonment, but came en to the penitentiaryLU BC1VC UUb II IO IClll".Saves two Lives."Neither mv sister nor mvself mierbt'be living today, if it had not-been fr rDr. King's New Discovery, "writes A.D. McDonald, of Fayetteville, N. C,R. F. D. No. 8, "for we both hadfrightful coughs that no other remedycould help. We were told my sisterhad consumption. She - was veryweak and had night sweats but yourwonderful medicine completely curedus both. It's the best I ever used orheord of." For sore lungs, coughs,colds, hemorrhage, layrippe, asthma,hay fever,croup, whooping cough, allhronchial troubles, its supreme. Trialbottle free. 50c and 1. Guaranteedby Oberdoefer.JBBaMaMMBIillllMaMMaBMBaaanBiMBBBBiMMMBMMMaMBMaaMaiMMWMiMMGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7; NIGHT 399.S.USr-gsggsrggge-ggj,II Were you dissatisfied with your!astcoal. TryBest the earth producesafid every !ump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Cfec5cS?sXgCfe232iJudged by HisShoesThe successful man wears The Stetson Shoebecause it stamps him as a man of prosperityand good taste.The Strut is one of the latest Stetson creations. Stetson artists have built into this shoethe smartness and satisfaction that are theyoung man's delight.It costs more by the pair to bewell-shod in Stetson Shoesbut try them for a year in'the end they are cheaper.Mitchell & Blakemore' Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by iheyear."t1in spring and summer, it'sthe natural time to store uphealth and vitality for theyear.Scoffs Emulsionis Nature's best and quickest help. AiiDniggUtsEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDiFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Ease Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atparis, Millersburg, North gMiddletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills.tWhenyou have East Tennessee service youyHAVE telephone service.7 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated? BjNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, LimbernecK, Rgub. Canker.- wv - -- ' T -So os. ..c ,sr, uiarrnoea and all Diseases or PoultryMiss KaU'e Bryant, tBaritovm. Ky., sys: "I have Died Recipe 4-1 1 -44 for years and think it the bestPU!X "medy made. It cures gapes and Iimberneck without fail."lml S3?mvS' Bardtow.n y , "Qne drop of Recipe 4-1 1-44 dropped down the bill of a gapingchicken JuJJs the worm and relieves the duct instantly. It is the best preventive I have ever used."Mfg. asd Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardsiown, Ky. fricc 50c at all Draists.SOLD BYG. S. Varden & Son.1!)')."" Residencev'r.f,( E. T. 3J-4.i Ho r e ?34.THE "BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 7, 1911.- Iwmwmmpb PrimiinejWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!Curious "Lamps."la France, by the cultivation of luminous marine microbes in a liquidmedium contained inlittle glass vessels, there have been poduced someof the most curious lamps imaginableIf a few of these living lamps are arranged about a bust in a dark roomthe bust is made plainly visible andphotographs may be taken of it.Not Afraid of Ma."Dear little fellow, how full of lifehe is!" gushed the visitor who longedto shake the mischievous small sonof her child-ridden hostess. "I wonder if he is always so playful?" "Notoutdoors," the urchin replied glibly."The kids wouldn't stand for no suchdoin's, but ma will!"Skillful Work.An expert workman in one of thegreat needle factories, in a test ofskill, performed one of the most delicate feats imaginable. He took acommon sewing" needle of mediumsize, an inch and five-eighths in length,and drilled a hole through its entirelength from eye to point.TRLv JQB R00GBS OFfTHExRHRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,. ATALOG xPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new a'nd' modernfaces.Privilege of the 400.Miss Parvenu "I was almost sorry,ma, that you. spoke so rudely to thatpoor little Mrs. "Willis." Mamma"Well, my dear, pray where is thesatisfaction of tieing in the best ofsociety if you cannot snub those whoare out of it?". ;Valuable Gold Nugget.At Ballarat, Australia, has beenfound a nugget of gold weighing a little less than 30 pounds, and expertssay it will turn out at least 15 poundsof pure gold.RHEUMATISMCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B.-r-Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpureBotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othe.tmedicines, liniments and doctorsh ave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S .mr's s:m free by writing Blood.a d . Atlanta, Ga. DescribeVn trcublo nd free medical advicegi.vn. .-cl.l by Varden & Son.LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are narw agreed on this:Doiii't imprison the disease germs Inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skiu as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thocure, and give you instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (B'otanieBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, &1 per large bottle, with directions for hoi.ie cure. . Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carnVthe most sand, because it is grounathe finest. This makes it cost 1c:lthan others sold at the same price.It io also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack c.crumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 3oThen keep on insisting until youi'dealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.SO Per Cent Better"I have used less than one bottle of Cardui," writesMrs. Gertrude Ward, of Rushville, Neb., "and am feelingfifty" per cent better than when I began taking it."Before taking Cardui, I had suffered with femaletrouble, for eight years. My greatest trouble was irregularity. I also suffered with severe pains, every month,but now I am greatly improved and will recommend Cardui to all my suffering friends."CARDUIJ 48The Woman's TonicThe rare medicinal herbs of Cardui are imported bythe manufacturers direct from Europe and are not to befound in any other medicine.These ingredients are what give Cardui its superiority,as a female medicine and tonic, over any other medicine.For over 50 years Cardui has been the favorite woman's medicine. The ladies like it, because it is so easyto take, so gentle, so safe, so reliable in its results, andthey have faith in its curative tonic powers, because ofthe thousands of other ladies it has helped. Try it today.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Teen.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "Home Treatment for Women, "sent free.ffifcHDissolution SaleOF-Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.3M1PEfc & jyoicjrfiH,P'Elegant City Residence.For the purpose of winding up the affairs of the old firm, The Paris Lumber& Mfg. Co., we will sell on . iiTUESDAY, ,JULY 11, 1911,at two o'clock p. m., on the premises, the elegant frame residence on the shidyside of Cypress street, adjoining the home of Mr. Geo. Ellis. jThis house is built of the very best material throughout, containing eightrooms, two large halls, pantry, presses in every room, a most complete andsubstantially furnished bath room, lavatory, fine cellar, hot water heating outfit, electric -lights, gas, chandeliers, etc.This house is up-to-date in every particular. It has never been occupied.The first floor of this beautiful mansion is of extra quality hard wood.The wide front porch is built of concrete, there are two brick columns upporting this span, which is supported in the center with a steel girder, makingit absolutely safe, and affording an uninterrupted view the full length. There isa slate root covering the entire house.There is a stairway to the attic, an! it is fbDrei. Eitranee to cellar frominside. Larga double doors at entrance in front. Has side porch and entrance.This property is on the very best street in Paris, the neighborhood is 'allthat "could be desired, and the lot has a depth of more than 500 feet, runningj clear to Houston creek.Any one wanting a home of this character will do well to mspec l this property before the sale. 'TERMS Easy, to suit the purchaser, and made known on day of sale.For further particulars call on ,HARRIS & SPEAKES,REAL ESTATE AGENTS.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.down the throat or a "capeychicken destroys the vorru3c nJl avs iho thick's life. AI "v drop Li the drinking '.vaterCURu3 andPRZVIINTS GAPESv . ,I'.i-rhoo.i and other chickiTfjKJp''. tlSClSc.One 30c Bottio otkrjrlTx: r;yVi?y -LureTHEilstary Institutec; -it .Adk. ' ,. .. e n:'i"k'ft crCbe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.VmiiiiaiiiiiimSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building".920 Main St., Thones'586.For Sale by TV. T. Brooks.wfccOaue:Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.A FEW POINTERSYou -cannot afford to miss this opportunity of becoming a charter member ofORDER OF OWLSWe now have over 153,000 member sin the United States.We are organized in all states.No matter where you may travelyou can find an Owl Nest (whichmeans friends).There is no other Fraternal Societythat offers you protection of Six Dollars per week for three months.One Hundred Dollars at your death.Free medical attendance and socialfeatures.All For 50 Cents "a Month.$5 Charter, FeeDo not fail to be at the instituitonof the Order of Owls. When Chartercloses it will cost you 25.Nest to be instituted July 9th, Lexington, Ky.For farther information, call on orwrite Harry and Henry Jones, 211 W.Short Street, Lexington, Kv.The Miilersburg Military Institute is located in the heart of the Blue Grassregion of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautifulground? and buildings. Hot water heat land electric lights. Athletic groundsand large drill hall and gymnasium. "Graduates admitted without examinationto all colleges and universities that admit on ceitificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Cadets are given individual attention and the best of instruction.TERMS S300 PER SCHOOL YEAR for board,.tuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COL. C. M. BEST, Principal,Miilersburg, Bourbon C6unty, Kentucky.FOR SALE.National Cash Register, latestpatern. Will sell chap for cash.Call phoneJ728 E. T., or address undersigned. r FRENCH THOMPSON,St . Paris, Ky.FOR RENT..Good stable, corner Tenth andHighstreets. Apply to I' 17TWM. GRANNAN,Elks Building.aFit Your Feet-fe Wltil jLhe stetson,. com.bining comfort and style. Why destroy footeffectiveness with ill-fitting shoes when theyare the only feet you will ever have?Save your nerves as well as your feet by wearing The Stetson Shoe the shoe that reachesthe top-nqtch of shoe smartness and gives shoeservice.The Stetson is made in high toe, arch and heel effects forthe young man in conservative, comfort-giving styles for themore conservative.fflitcfrell $ BlakemorC" Stetsons cost more by the pair, bid less by the year.- I.!? ',A,'". ng8iWHgMajWr)WMiwiMMiiii m nuH'.iiWWWMIZ v.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 7, 191 1,' - -Hl HHHIHHHMB& jbhhHhhha ASMBm HHIHHIHMIHHS V AiBvnMnnfl BHHflWHBMHft & fu. n . - i - .. .j REMEMBERI Big Summer Clearance Sale !Ending Saturday, July 15th.fffyfVff??tftyf?tyffffttffffvyyttftttfftttttyo4fHaving too many goods for this time of the year, we will give you the opportunity to savemoney on new, seasonable merchandise. We will offer the following lines at such reducedprices that it willfpay you to lay in a large supply. These goods must move.SILKSwash;goodswhite goodsLINENSTABLE LINENSNAPKINSTOWELS'jJCOUNTERPANESHOSIERYLACESEMBROIDRIESHANDKERCHIEFSART LINEN PIECESLACE CURTAINSSHIRT WAISTSMUSLIN UNDERWEARUMBRELLASGINGHAM PETTICOATSSILK PETTICOATSDRESS SKIRTSCORSETS, Etc , Etc.iNever Before Have We Offered Such Bargains Come in and Look Whether You Buy or Not."VCT. ZECci TT'-ULOfeei?---The Reliable Store.529-531 Main Street, Paris, Ky..Mt hHBHMBBHMMB initoiMiBaw& jMpOrBiMmBtf dHOBBHHMiiBMa Hd. MMBaiMHHnMflMlflDk lk. ttPMMBBMMOMaH jmmmwbm. i- HMB ttflBMHMR flBHHHHH0 flUHHHK& HH& mmhhk 9HMHMi SflSPHnflBHNIIIfflfflHHniflBBBEiAiMAa.. BkJmWe Are Not Going to Carry Any Poroh flj, Furniture or Refrigerators Over. j jSo 3Down They Go I' - - n , mml mm , ,., M, Mill. I I III.,. ...I mi I II'cWe are especially anxious to closeout the balance of stock of men'sand boys' suits and all summergoods.Refrigerators, $5.25, $8.70, $10 up.We have one large one for $25, porcelain, bargain of the season, was $40,We don't aim to have one left after August 1st.Carpets, Rugs, Matting, Oil Cfotb and Linoleum.V; ; Porch Rockers $1.25, $2.25, $2.75, $5Porch Seats 65c, $2.75, $3.75, $5 . . .And we have made final cut prices onall these garments, so low that itmeans a great saving to all who buynow, Come and see."- mi ii ii mi .mi-.!i iin mi nit mi .mi.nih iih m ,KKitchen CabinetsAt a Big BargainOne Just Like Cut$7.859IBennie Wefssberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYI9IHIA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Alleged "Victims."More than one hundred of the bestknown men of Maysville believe thatthey have been victimized by a mangiving the name of W, H. Griffiths,who represented himself as an organizer for the Order of Owls. and who, under the statement that he was endeavoring to oragnize a "roost" in thatcity, got more than 100 names to hispetition, collecting 5 from each prospective "hooter."According to the programme thelodge was to have beeh organized Saturday, but when the candidates annpnr.ed for initiation they found that thealleged organizer had disappeared andcould not be located in Maysville... rMain and Third Sts.CHAS, GREEN, Manager.Opp. Court House.Ij Brick, Cement.Just received car Maysville oriefc.also car Lehjgh Pordand cement.4 2t TEMPLI-N LUMBJSRvCO.Money to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all themoney that you need on hW w,fJgages on farm property in amountsranging from $2,000 up. at the lowrate of hi per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best.SSf cheapestfire' IfeMning andbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money you.need at 5h per cent. Save your moneyand presper. Jut K-COLLIER. Agent, v14a3m Hurst Home Insurance Coinsure with W. O. HlntomPrompt paing non - union""companies.. tfr- v"4 '"l-l1-"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 7, 1911,'N.Vyv:ftimFbourbon uews.WwJeAr4BiALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGr.otccc yourgrowingto-fcT o against hai!.THOMAS & WOODFORD,A -;ents Best rire and Toi nadorInsurance.ildn't Cynthianado Likewise?Jim A Hen, in the Cynthianacrat says the Maysville club has..ier by the name of Beer and, t:me Maysville plays at "dry"'-. nd every bo ay tries tn hit theBoys Blouses and Shirts.ie assortment of patterns atJ. W. DAVIS & CO.50a"Small Blaze.I arlisle Sundaymorning a coallace curtains inve ignitea sometpcirience of Mrs.Elizabeth Howse.o "ames were extinguished beforeIi damage resulted. Mrs. Howse::e mother of Mrs. Rudolph Davis,cf ?ar..Rrc,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Moves to Paris.The Carlisle Advocate says: "E. S.Woodward having resignedjiis positionw tn the Metropolitan Life InsuranceCompany several weeks ago, has moved to Paris to accept a position withtie American Industrial Fire Insurance Company."Melons on Ice.Watermelons and cantaloupes on iceat ail times. Call over either phone.a ot T. LENIHAN.Broken Axle Causes Delay.At Shawhan Wednesday morning abroken axle on a freight car caused adelay of about an hour in traffic. Ahot box on a southbound frieght wast&e cause of the accident. A crewIran this city was sent to repair thec.rnajre.Hog Cholera.A -are nreventive ana cure,Dr.I.i' Hoz Remedies sold byCHAS. S. BRENT & BROStock Shipments..' G. McClintock and Henry Cay--oJshipped a car of lambs to theJersey City markets last night forT.hch they paid 5 1-2 cents per pound.Mr. McClintock also shipped a car loadof hogs to the Cincinnati market lasti.'ght for which he paid 5 3-4 cents perpound.UnderwearTry one of ourUncomfortable.Scriven union suitslor comfort.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Safe and Sane Fourth.Paris enjoyed a safe and sane Fourth.As.de from the colored Elks picnichere was no demonstration of anyaiacter. The city ordinance prohib-t'rg the promiscuous shooting of fire-7o:xs on the streets had the effect ofr "iucing the number of dangeious ex-"I i?ives generally used in commemo-at ng the day of independence.Oats.We are headquarters for clean oats.W also sell salt.. It CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Paris Nine Beaten.A base ball nine from this city wentto Carlisle Tuesday to take a part inthe Fourth of July celebration. Theyp'ayed two games with the K. O. T.M.'team of that city, the first resultng in a victory for the Carlisle teamby a score of 15 to 4. The secondgame was called in the fourth inningon account of rain with Paris leading7 to o.Wicker Suit Cases.24 and 26 inches, very light and durable 2.00.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Masonic Picnic a Grand Success.1 he Masonic picnic held at NorthrIiddletown on the Fourth was a success in every particular. Masons an dtriends from all adjoining towns attended in great numbers and enjoyedthe festivities. A sumptuous lunchwas served at noon on the lawn of theKentucky Central Business College.The only thing to mar the day of pleasure was the heavy rain storm whichset in about three o'clock in the afternoon. Elegant Residence at Auction.ToTsettlj th 3 affairs of the ParisManufacturing Company, the eleganttwo story residence on Cypress streetwill be sold at publie acution on Tuesday, July 12. The residence is modernt every particular and adjoins the' home of Mr. Geo. Ellis.HARRIS & SPLAKES,Real Estate Agents.Negro Chicken Thief Jailed.Sheriff A. S. Thompson arrestedTuesday morning Lawson Holman, an igro on the farm of James" Russell,on the Bethlehem pike.and lodged himIn jail on a charge of chicken stealing.It is alleged the negro entered a chicken house on the faqra of Mr. Jake Jacoby near Hutchison Saturday night,.ani made off with several fowls. Mr.Jacoby fired upon the invader with ashot run. When Sheriff Thompson ar-p$i the negro he made an attemptes ape, and after firing UDon himjveral times finally effected his capire. An examination tpupjiIpI ninn-een bird shot in HolmanVback. .PERSONAL MENTION.iff 'Attorney P. A. Thompson was avis tor in Covington Tuesday.Mrs. Lizzie Burke has returnedfrom a visit to Montana, Tenn.Miss Elemeta Hintun is visitingMrs. A. J. Vance in Cincinnati.Miss Marie Talbott is visitingMiss Eleanor Tevis in Danville.Mrs. Thos. Funk left Wednesdayfor a visit in Jessamine county.Mr. H. M. Collins is able t? beout after a slight attack of colitis.Mrs. Canard Rose, of New York,"is the guest of Mrs. Sidney G. Clay.Mrs. Warren Bacon will entertaininformally today for Miss Nan Wilson.Miss Goldie Saloshin has returnedfrom the Cincinnati Conservatory ofMusic.Mrs. Eph Brown and Fson. of ArIlanta, Ga., are guests of Miss NanWilson.MrsCharlesFunk and littleyers, are visiting indaughter, EthelHarrodsburg.x! Mrs. J. V. Lytie, of Maysville, isvisiting her son, O.G. Lytle and family, in the city.Mrs. D.C. Parrishand Miss MariaTipton entertained the sewing clubyesterday morning.Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Thompson,cf Augusta, Ga., will arrive today fora visii to Mr. and Mrs, P. A. Thompson. ,Miss Lyda B. Jones, of Gallatin,Tenn., is the guest of her mother,Mrs. C. O. Buckle, at the FordhamHotel.Mrs. Samuel Biggs and two children, of Huntington, W. Va., are visiting the former's parents, Mr. andMrs. E. B. Hedges.Rev. and Mrs. E. M. Lightfoot.who have been attending the World'sBaptist Alliance at Philadelphia, willreturn home tomorrow.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft left yesterday morning for a trip to Chautauqua,N. Y. She was joined by her niece,Miss Sallie Ashbrook, of Cynthiana.Mrs. Robert Hinton arrived Mondiy evening from Georgetown to joinhr husband, who is visiting his parents, Mr. and Mrs. William M. Hinton. Mrs. W. G. McClintock, who wasto have gone to Chautauqua, N. Y.,y( s erday morning for a several weeks'ctay, was taken suddenly ill Wednesday night and a trained nurse was called in 'attendance upon her.Mr. Isaac Clay, a former residentoc Paris, but who has been living atNarabisa, New Mexico, for severalyears, is here for a visit. Mr. Clayhas recently visited his daughter andson at Dallas, Texas, and anotherdaughter at Lawrenceburg, Ky.Mrs. Cnas. E. Butler and daughter, Miss Frances, will leave Mondayfor Chicago where Miss Butler willtake a special course at the ChicagoUniversity. From there they will goto Bay View,' Mich., for several weeks'stay.Miss Phyelis VanMeter, enroute toher home in Washington, D. C , visited friends in this city Wednesday.Miss VanMeter is one of the most brilliant of the young writers of the dayand her short stories of romance areeagerly sought by the most popularmagazines, and at almost fabulousprices for this class of work.Mrs. James Ferguson entertainedvery delightfully Wednesday afternoonat her beautiful country home with asix-hand euchre party. Mrs. Brown,guest of Miss Nan Wilson, won theprize which was a hand-painted fan.A delicious lunch was served afterthe game. Mrs. Ferguson's guestswere Mesdames Frank M.Clay, Thompson Tarr, Frank P. Clay, W. R. Scott,John M. Brennan, Sidney G. Clay,James H. Thompson, Swifr. Champ,W. E Board, Charlton Alexander.Robert Goggin, Vol Ferguson, Robertj Ferguson, J. S. Roherts, Earl Fergui son, William Ferguson, J. M. Hall, B.A. .brank, Uph Brown, Atlanta, Ga.,Ray Taylor, Josie Gardner and MissHannah Ferguson, of Georgetown.One of the most charming entertainments ever given in Bourbon county was the five o'clock tea given byMrs. James H. Thompson at her beautiful country home,"Woodlawn Villa,"yesterday in honor of the bride-to-be,Miss Nan Wilson, whose marriage toMr. Bronson, of Florida, will be anevent of July. 'The exquisitely appointed home waBfragrant with pink and white hydrangea and tall white lillies and carnations with banks of graceful ferns andhanging baskets for porch decorations.Mrs. Thompson and her guest ofhonor, Miss Wilson, both wore toiletsof linen and lace and received theguests in the f roift piazza. Miss Rachel Wiggins and Mrs. Robert Ferguson served punch at a prettily appointed table in the drawing room. Bothwore handsome afternoon gowns ofmuslin.The lawn, where tea was served,was very attractive with its handsomeforest trees, rustic seats and swings,with here and there pretty fiower-dec-oratedtables where individual icesand cakes were served.Those who assisted in entertainingware Mrs. J. M. Hall, Mrs. E.F. Clay,Jr , Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, Mrs. SwiftChamp, Mrs. J. W. Ferguson and MissKate Alexander.About one hundred ' guests werepresent.The Smart Set entertained with adelightful dance at Elks' Hall Wednesday evening. The event was one ofthe most delightful of thp season andthoroughly enjoyed by those who attended. Those present were : MissesElizabeth Hinton, Carolyn Roseberry,Eliazbeth Crutcher, Frances Clay, Marie Talbott, Augusta Rogers, NellCrutcher, Mary Mitchel Clay, FrancesHancock, Anna Wilson, Ellen Towles,Helen Desha, Mary Belle Wyatt,Marion Thornton, Versailles, DorothyScudder, Chicago and Louis Morrison,Atalnta, Ga. ; Messrs. Fay ArderyHarry Horton, Harold Harris, BlairVarden, Clarence Baibee, John Price,Sidney Ardery, Wm. Ardery,- WinnLisle, Edward Fitrfian, Jchn Vanant,Douglas Clay, Wm. jstill Moore. Wm.Talbott, Hiram Roseberry, Holt Daniels, Robt. Jones and Graham Youmr,North Middletown, Smith. Mt. Sterling, Ewing Gibson, Lexington, andGeorga Crowmell, Cynthiana. Chaperones were Mrs. W. G. Talbott, Mis.J. Frank Clay, Mr. and Mrs. C. N.Fithian, Mrs. J. T. Brown, Mr. andMrs. White Varden and Mr. and Mrs.J B Wilson.Mrs. Belle Adair, of this city, isvisiting relatives and frk'nds in Maysville. Miss Dorothy Scudder, of Chicago,is lhi guest of Mr. and Mrs. W. H.Harris.Mr. M. L. Leach left last nightfor Logansport, Ind., on business forE. F. Spears & Sons. ZZMrs. Durand Whipple, of LittleRock, Ark., arrived yesterday to visither parents, Hon. and Mrs. E, M.Dickson.Mrs. June Payne and son, GeorgeLewis, of Lebanon, Va., will arrivetoday for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. L.B. Purnell and other relatives in thiscity and county.I Master Chas. Stephens Spears, sonof Mr. and Mrs. Woodford Spears,was taken to a Lexington hospitalWednesday night by Dr. J. T. Vansantfor an operation for appendicitis.Mr. Amos Turney underwent auoperation for appendicitis Tuesday aftrenoon at Fort Erie, Canada, wherehe is racing his stable of runners.Mrs. Turney was at the bedside of herhusband and his two daughters, Mrs.Louis Taylor and Mrs. E. C. Arnold,left yestreday to be with him. Theoperation was very successful and fromlast repoits Mr. Turney is restingwell.BOURBON COLLEGE NOTES.Mrs. GoddarcT, Miss Nina Harrisonand Mrs. Bell are in Harrodsburg forthe summer.Miss CatharineThompson, who isHarrodsburg, willvisiting friends inreturn Saturday.Miss Rosa M. Payne left Tuesdaymorning for Pleasureville, Eminenceand other towns in the interest of thecollege.Mrs. M. G. Thompson is in Southwestern Kentucky in the interest ofBourbon College. She will go as faras Elktcn and will stop at the principal towns as she returns. She will beabsent two or three weeks.Prof. M. G. Thompson has just returned from a trip through Marion,Lincoln and Boyle counties. He leftTuesday morning for Owen an'i othercounties in that section. Prof. Thompson says that the outlook lorthe schoolis very bright this year and the institution will be rilled.Returned to Asylum.Millie Watkins, le'urnfd a few daysago from the Lexit.gton asylum, wasin tne county court yesterday anu ordered returned to the asylum for treatment. The woman had been confinedin the institution since 1873 and lastweek was discharged as harmless butincurable. She was being cared forby relative in Little Rock, this county, but Sunday became violent.Wm. H. Bavis Maimed by Cars.William -Hinton Davis, a formerresident of Paris, was seriously injured at Danville, Monday afternoon.Mr. Davis has been in the employ ofthe Q. & C railroad for eight years,and was acting as freight conudctorwhen he was injured. He was standing in the yard and a train Lackedover him, crushing one foot and theuppre part of the other leg. He wastaken to the hospital in a critical condition. Mr. Davis' parents, Mr. and Mrs.W.L. Davis, now live in Columbia, S. C,also hi sister, Mrs. R. Q. Thompson,but his mother was visiting sister,Mrs. John-T. Hinton, in Paris, whenthe aczident occurred. She hastenedto Danville Tuesday morning.Mr. Davis married Miss Lucy Ewing, of Danville, who died of typhoidfever in January, 1010, at Georgetown,and is buried in the Paris cemetery.His six-year-old daughter, Margaret.Graham Davis, lives with her maternal grandmother at Danville.Mr. Davis' home is in Parksville. Atelegram from Danville received yesterday morning stated his left legwould be amputated at the knee and itwould also be necessary to take off theright foot which was Dadly crushed.PUBLIC SALEOF-City Property.As trustees of the First Presbyteripnchurch we will offer for sale onThursday, July 20th, 1911,at 10 o'clock a. m., some of the mostvaluable property ever offered at auction in the city of Paris." First the parsonage on Sixth streetwill be offered. The lot is 43x87 feet,and has on it a splendid brick residence.Next will be sold a lot on corner ofPleasant and Sixth streets, 44xfi5 feet,and then a lot44x65 feet, adjoining onPleasant strept.The parsonage will bn sold separately and then the two lots separately andas a whole, and the best bids accepted.The church building will also be sold,the purchaser must remove it in sixtydays.TERMS. One-third cash balancein one and two years, at G per cent interest. GEO. W. DAVIS,"FRANK FITHIAN.j. d. McClintock,O. L. DAVIS,Trustees.'Strayed or Stolen.V Saturday night a sorrel pony withwhite spot on neck and hip. Agedabout 12 years. Lberal reward for re-urn of same.WM.;MACKAFEE,. 265 Brooks street,. . Ij, - Pars, Ky.Blue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseeJ, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you -withsacks. Both phones.6"tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.66Woodlawn Dairy.59Having taken charge of the "Woodlawn Dairy" on the bethlehempike, Iwill on tnc1 after July 1st, be prepared to deliver fresh milk, cream, butterand butterjnilk to all parts of the city.East Tennessee phone 54; Home plione79.R.F. COLLIER.House of four rooms, pantry, bath,etc. Located on High between Sixthand Seventh. Apply toJ. B. NORTHCOTT,27 3 1 E. T. Phone 349.Keep a KodakRecord of YourFamilyThe pictures and the work afford alasting pleasure.No dark-room" for any part ofwork. Simple and inexpensive.We have the latest modelsKodaks and Brownie Cameras.theofKodaks $5 to $111Brownie Cameras $1 to $12Mr---im r.r f wKODiyi1 1Daugbertp Bros I FEE'S jHb Minmf'itiMMBfc HHBHHHHHHiA aw 4BCMIIH'HBflA k ,BHn 't -5 fe .jaW K K9 KM&RtKmmm &9$HW W KBmHm H M'I Something -Ever; One San Use, - Jr 'cmggL" 'iu. i"'jm" mni"uiium. ifi "". -rrvyj ' jl."i jxlb TU.i-Aixi-Tium.i'!j- gMuaumjuu ren J. Sm$ 1 .70.Don't Fail to Get One ofthesePEDESTALS-either in Golden Oak orMahogany FinishTHERE AREDon't Fail to get$1 . 7 OeeraiReductions on PoreRUGS AND CARPETST. T. HINTON991191RememberSi9W. Ed Tucker's IBig SummerClearance Sale0egins Mon., July 3rdEnds Saturday, July 15thDon't Miss It.Many Bargains Await You.8IFee's CashCeylon-India75c value, nowIHoffman's Famous Sugar-Cured Hams1 7c per poundArmour's Shield Hams (S. C.)Only 1 5c per poundiPurity FlourFairy Patent Flour ...FRESH EVERY DAYBanner BreadHubig's Pies, Stone'sCakes"8X2one early, as there areA B!G BAROWNP IBences on waiUGASNS THIS WEEKATVUDQR PORCH SHADES AND HAMMOCKS.slllia?imft'SIsy 1 Iopeuidis.rBlend Tea50c a poundI;,. 25 lb. Sack 65c25 lb. Sack60cI$ 1 .70These PEDESTALS areof two heights 36 and30 inches.The tops and bases areJ 2 inches in diameter.Every one is polishedand heavy posts. Theyusually sell for $3.50.only fifty of Ihenv.$1 m 7 OPaper.h & Lawn Goodsj-4-i-.iWdV&-k' -V.t,THf BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 7, 1911.fTTT-YOUu,iSolves a Deep Mystery."I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart," wrote C. B. Raderof Lewisburgr; W. Va., "for the wonderful double benefit I got from Electric Bitters, in curing me of both asevere case of stomach trouble andof rheumatism, from which I had.been an almost helpless sufferer forten years. It suited my case as thoughmade just for me." For dyspepsia,indigestion, jaundice and to rid thesystem of kidney poisons that causerheumatism, Electric Bitters has ncequaJ. Try them. Every bottle isbottle is guaranteed to satisfy. Only50c at Oberdorfer's.B 1 o o d i n eft1. 30 '-;'Y'-Touring Car S1.000We Knowi'l-BLOODINB-Wifl Help YouTo Regain Your StrengthH .Hi'-rrvI!'4fTHE GREATEST REMEDYfefXlN THE WORLD.I, DSESAWSlNCreOW; V JTrv r 1 it civesnew life and 7S I STMNGTH TO ELDERLY 1Bi I PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN. J' . H fi AND TENDER BOYS AND f-H' j"J I Bl 3 c.it Hit mo cVumu If 'I irt I omoI KIDNEY. UVZR.UELMV l AMI X C t A DER DISEASES. CATARRH. . I.. fV M ASTHUA. RHEUMATISM. Ij I J4 11 GOUT. LA GRIFPE, CON. Jgl jmg' " T W SUMPTION. DYSPEPSIA, f ,. ll CONSTIPATION. HEART t V .'JRl DISEASE. MALARIA. StJ.1Jf NERVOUS DEBILITY. fi fKill AV iCv FJf THE BLOODINE CO, ; -hi'XJ L BOSTON- KA fc -A. ) Lk V' iff '& !Jfci I-K$SBM-yWand Energy 'Report of the Head Physician I aa Leading New York Hospitalon the Cure of Catarrh."A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, bub since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the large intestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelvicCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andC Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms." -Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builderand "blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplyntw, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE - To urove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail ar large sample bottle for 10 cents in 6il' ver or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodinb Cokpobjltion, Boston, Mass .For Sale by W. T. BrooksWkM&M66t US Face t0lF966!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We shoy Spring Styles inVaStetSoii HatsjHawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;, French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $ 1 5.00 Suits.s(52winBroa23?LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.!'mSSmMAWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SHINGLES, POSTS,SSSHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HSRD HNDSOFT COAL, 'AGENTS FORAmatitei . L!jiHvn ,.g k ?5- . KOOTing.! I X PRIST n ILL h Im lsZlNoralor- J ITake Your Wheat, Your Corn and Buckwheat to ihe .GristKill, But Come Here for YourMlWORK!uerJgj We are headquarters for everything in that line. Sash, Doof s (4ju Blinds, Storm Doors, Screen Doors, Window Screens, etc., etc.: at 2i lowest prices. vRtH TEMPI IfXI I I IMRP-R r-rm " "m .iMrsXXKSX X9(X9cXSX mFine Sentiment.In an English home at Winchesterwe find above the lintel of the doorthis charming sentiment: "Farewellgoes out sighing; welcome eversmiles," and a hall panel has, "TheLord keep thee in .thy going out andcoming In." We are all familiar withthe Italian word "salve," meaning welcome, that is found quite often in thevestibules of hotels or public houseswhere meals are served. It Is not anadvertisement for salve, as a manfrom the country with more moneythan brains told his wife.Called Back."A good wife is heaven's greatestgift to man and the rarest gem theearth holds," remarked Mr. Jarphlythe other- morning. "She is his joy,his inspiration' and his -very soul.Through her he learns to reach thepure and true, and her loving handslead him softly over the rough places.She is " "Jeremiah," said Mrs. Jarphly, solemnly, "Jeremiah, what wickedness have you been, up to now?"Silly Premonitions.The utter uselessness of premonitions is shown in this: That even iftrue they are of .no help ; they do notfortify us to meet calamity, but weaken us and render us feeble to resistmisfortune. And if trouble is coming,the best way to meet it is with a stoutheart an da brain unfogged by thenonsense f dread.A Present Duty.However good you may be you havefaults; however dull you may be, youcan find out what some of them are;and however slight they. may be, youhad better make some effort to get ridof them. Colton.Must Have Driven Ball Hard.When F. Dunham was playing onthe Warren golf links at WoodhamWalter, Essex, England, recently, hedrove a ball which killed a skylark 200yards away.F. O. B. DetroitPOWER To go anywhere. vRELIABILITY Nonejeverjworelout.: ECONOMY Easy on tires and fuel. J -APPROVED-By 25,000 owners.Fore-Door Model $1100; Roadrster ModellOOOjDetachableDemi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Jttloodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass,Gentiemen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Improved Mechanical Process.In France a process is being developed by which the hair is removedfrom a skin and placed on an artificial base, and then the skin is utilized separately.WASH THAT ITCH AW6YIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be ldlevedfrom that awtul itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a nip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your labt cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Eelief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of O.l ot Wintergreen, Thymol and other m-'.eciientsas compounded on'y in D. D. D Prescription will bring instant -i (Met tothat tenible buihixg itch, and )?avethe skin as su-LOth and healtby asthat of a child.If j'ou have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. Wa 23fcure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.V ad 6 11 & SonLet us fill yourPrescription's .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.DruggistOne LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Y4Call while we have your size- MPWlifmcMg -w -W. T IIIIOSNo more tickets given on raffle until further notice'MWM&M-i-r -i--,rirBloodineCoughCheckerLoosens the nhipo-mimmediately and permanently, cures afYmnll Prnun WVmnn--t,.. w.iwm, IIUUUU"mg Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and 31.00 a bottlet Mrs-Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaff ney. S.C. says1 have hnrt RrnnrMfJc in .1,.,,i .... J .) its the first medicine that has done me much goUd.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati,And Return7CHARLES W. HESUCCESSORS TOLLIBA Y 6c SETTLEK6arriage and Repair shodatParis, Ky;,VInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.JiVIADr, J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Jp Stairs Over Varden' s Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest' iHarry E. Mathers,.. DENTIST, )Opposite Frank - & Xo.Sunday, July 9, '11.Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th ailstation 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply to- W. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T.- A. VEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such a,goes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber 6 M'f 'g Combany,Yard at Office,15th and Main Sts.Incorporated'PARIS, KYn ,-Jc. -Home Phone. 12; E: T. 530J -f ' J ,TWt T i .. ts ... -j i jm. - j"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY - 7, 1911, .JLNFREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVECURED HIS CONSTIPATIONWhen a person has become discouraged through years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesup trying, it is small wonder that hebecomes skeptical. And yet, to allwho have constipation, we would say,'Try just one thing more."We wish you would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atrfty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name and address to Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un-lonville, Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmerman of Harrisburg, Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample bottleand now have it regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away withsalts, waters and crhartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles scthat they will do their work againnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.COTOBBB!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.aldwm Packing C"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete 'sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all I first-class grocers '1andTdealenjIBaldwinPaeking Co.Paris, Kentucky.IHawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matteir permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, deai and decayof bones, Mils ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric JBlod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Makes Some Difference.A nourishing supper, a good night'ssleep and a fine morning have oftenmade a hero of the same man who, byindigestion, a restless night and arainy morning, would have proved acoward. Chesterfield.Broke 'Em Both.The society page tells us that thelatest big wedding "beggared description." We have private advices thatit did the same thing to the bride'sfather. Cleveland Plain DealerWALTERWL'flWMWOODNEW CENTURY BINDERV NOTm HAUL D KTRUSTSE If "The Best 1m most successful B-fWAjiJfESPgKPgj zK one a ulnder thatggsgjRggjy.r! fL 9This binder has a world-widereputation. In every grainfrrowing: country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersare: lightness of draft;handmess of operation:durability of construe-, nvii, t-.ni.J' tu uv ijh-S feet work in any kindof grain; accuracy andsure work of knotter;absence of neckH weight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the lat-est type of binder.made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, andnow give it itswill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalogNew Ideas in Motors.A wave power motor that a Californian recently patented utilizes thehorizontal motion of the water insteadof the vertical, as usually is the casein such machines.No Destination Barred.Here is a sign posted in front of theoffice of a transfer company in one ofthe Oranges: "Baggage Called for andDelivered to All Parts of the KnownWorld." New York Press.0AnnouncementI have locatpd in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContracfcingaridBuiSdirig Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.f ""Ov EaT-w rt, .. - 3pi iykK&2LBtaA"''Pir-J&'w,C. HESTEROVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCEiialHwiJ7j-.;'iTrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.Anyone sending a 3lcetch and description mayquickly jisfcrtjim our opinion free whether aninvention is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentssent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.Patents taken through Munn & Co. recelvaspecial notice, without charge, In. theA handsomely illustrated weekly. largest irculatiomof any scientific Journal. Ten ms, ?3 ayear: four months, $L. Sold by all newsdealers.MUNN & Co.3618""1- New YorkBranch Office, 623 F SU Washington, D. C.Professional CardsJ J. WTIjtiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW .iloom 1 Elks Buildiner.Joe. .G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Cables Used for Business.Only one per cent, of the cablegrams sent over seas are concernediwith family or private matters. The' rest are commercial, journalistic orofficial.YERKES & KENNE Y.Ik'sim&xmmAttendClock Shows Russian Ingenuity.A clock in St. Petersburg . has 95faces, indicating simultaneously thetime at 30 different spots on theearth's surface, besides the movements of the earth and planets.From One Pound of Tantalum.More than twenty thousand 20-can-diepower incandescent lamp filamentscan be made from a single. pound oftantalum.Thoreau's Philosophy.I would rather sit on a pumpkin,and have it all to myself, than to becrowded on a velvet cushion.Thoreau.Supreme Test.We never know what kind of stuffthere is in a man until the last boatcomes up to the sinking ship and a fatwoman is ahead of him on the ladder.fcSmSrTwin Bros.Big daleNow Goinar OnTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyTwin Ecstasies.Life has two ecstatic moments; onewhen the spirit catches sight of truth,the other when it recognizes a kindredspirit. J. C. Hare.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyJjtrnie LmqhovnManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.Step Livelyyour step-Stetson-Shoepers properly for lively stepping.,The Dickey a medium high toe, smart StetsonStyle has a snappy appearance that appealsto the particular dresser and comfort-givingqualities that make it attractive to all.Let us have an opportunity to demonstrate toyou the superiority of Stetson Styles for lively'steppers. - . . 'Mitchell &. BlakemoreStetsoyis cost more by the pair, but less by the year.'TV -LiNATiSALEOF-PARIS REAL ESTATE!'csi -v1ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, i9iBE3INMING AT 2 O'CLODK P. M.M'$H) li!JLs-iNo. 1 Residence on High street containing rooms, 2 halls, pantry, porch,presses, cistern and city water. Lo48 feet front, more or lass, extendingback between parallel lines 150 feet.This property is centrally located, onthe car line, and suitable for a boarding house.No. 2 -Residence on Vine street containing 5 rooms, bath, pantry, electriclight, water. Lot 50x150 feet. Rentsfor $15 par month. In a location whererental property is always in demandNo. 3 Residence on Vine street, conti'ning 0 rooms, bath, pantry, porches,electric light, water, stable, coal andhen-house, grape arbor. Lot 53 feetfront, 50 feet in rear, 150 fe6t deep toalley ; well fenced.This is a naw, desirable and convenient home.No. 4 Residence on Winchesterstreet of 7 rooms, porches, newlypapered and painted and in good repair.3 rooms, 2 porches, water. Lot 53JxS5 5feet more or less. Rents for $8 "permonth.No. 9 House and lot on West street. -3rooms, 2 porches, water. Lot 53x85 ltfeet more or less. Rents for $8 permonth. No. 0i. Double rent cottage hxLilleston's addition, practically new.Rents for $105 per year.Also eight building lots in the sameaddition. -Tne owner has no reserve price on""this property, and has told us to sellit fcr what it will bring. This is thebest negro addition in Fans.or ls. on Houston avenue. Beautiful "Vlbuilding site.iNo. xi Kesidence on Second street,containing 6 rooms, 2 large halls,,porches, good cellar, rock tounda'tion,cistern, city water in yard, out-build-rings. .Lot bOxlbU teet more or lessauglCtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669rrrniYiargoien s.Stable, water in yard and house. Lot This is a desirable residence, on a.good50x150 teet, more or less. Easily street.rented at 18 per month. ( No. 12 Vacant lot 60x150 feet" moreNo. 4. Three building lots in rear or less in White Addition. ,of brick house owned by Charles TKus- j No. 13 House and lot in White Adter, on Vine street, near Claysville. ' dition. Contains 4 rooms, porche3.andThese are very desirable lots for , water, stable. Lot 60x150 feet more orcolored people. j.less. Nos. 11 and 12 will be offeredNo. 5 Vacant lot 26x180 feet, corner separately and then as a whole, andMain and 14th streets. This is the last' best bid accepted,lot suitable for a business house on No,1. House and lot in East Paris,Main street. j contains three rooms and basement, lot.No. 5. Three lots on Short street, ' 31K feet front by 120 feet deep toin rear of Bourbon College, size 40x130 ' creek. Good cistern. Rents forfeet. , 53.50 per month.No. 6 House and lot on West I No. 14 House of G rooms, 2 halls,street, 3 rooms, 2 porches, lot 375x porches, good cellar and cistern on.100 feet, more or less, water, Rentsfor $8.00 per monthNo. 7 House and lot on West -street,lot 37jxl00feet, more or less, 3 rooms,2 porches, water. Rents for $8.00 permonth.No. 8 House and lot on West street,Hanson street. Lot 55x150 feet.No. 15 Vacant building lot 45xt50feet, on Hanson street. 'No. 16 Vacant building lot 50x140feet, on Gano street.No. 17 Vacant building lot 50x140feet, on Gano street. 'Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Vehicles for everybody who desires to attand the sale will be furnished freeand ladies are especially invited to attend. Vehicles will.leave our office at" 2.oclock promptly.There will be several desirable articles given away to those who attend the,sale, which will be announced in our Jater advertisements.HARRIS & SPEAKES, ,REALGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.ESTATE DEALERS;Conversation Under the Sea.About 30,000,000 words a year passunder the sea, through cables linkingBritish and North American ports.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEMargolen,P SS- , VMMMaMMMHMMHMHMMMMMMMMMBiMMBMHM---'GirltmmmmmmmmmmmmmmDR. DOLLE7"WAJL.TXXJT- STREET, between 5t& and 6 Ste. "tegular Graduate In Mectae-Ovw 20 Years' Practice Over 18 Yrs. In CincinnatifoRhrmiifl. NervousSnecial Diseasest "") - i -CpMnltition free aad confideatial, personally or by letters. Charge low. KERVOUS DEKELrrx ud CMTA?ieU8 BlMEABWa caHBed by indUcretioBB aad exceaeea-perma-neatlycared. Write sae to4r, explaining yor disease, and I will sesd mr t , . . .FDCC DnrtI 'w'WM, i" which yo will Md iaformatipn that will beI" T fc I" D CJ CJ IV wortGlts weight in gold to yon. Book seat sealed in plain" LS wrapper free by mail or at office,frXITE T.BAT T CIXCIXXATrs LD BBrTimrj SPSCUJUUrT T MEJf.Tells How a Blotchy Skin Wa3Cleansed By a Simple WasH."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of AltamahawN. C "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that Its yalue is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of "Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. Is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful . effectiveness of . thisgreat remedy. v vG. S. Varden ,& SonJ f. Vi"1 Paris, Ky. IIt's not made for anv certain climate, hut is made to withstand rhAweather conditions of everv climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.: AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, I1L;Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.NrMID-SUMMER VACATION TOMAMMOTH CAVE$5.65 Round-Trip from ParisAnd All Way Stations, Regular Train 7:4-3 a. m.,Tuesday, July 18ALL EXPENSES AT HOTEL ONLY $6.50. This includes your board and admission to theseveral routes in the Cave. One evening for a promenade or dance.v&rsGrand 3-Davs Outinsr. Write or Phone L. & N. TicRet AtiMHHiHMnaMHMMflMMMtMHM 7mmmm9mmammmmmmmwmmmmmmmif,m "i- a("KL-'Hwi,j-nr-i' 'att.-w-Jt-r-"-' ' " ' ""' ' "' --VTHE BOURBON NEWS, 'PARIS, KENTUCKY JULY 7, 1911.rii4.'2L, i T?rdcvtositZ -'iiSt.'4Vtf:MILLERS3URG ITEMS.It '.pgg)Mh Simpson Butleris improving.? T-cAfr W M ITnrmlf.nn continues bout' T,Mrs. Jennie Pollock and Mrs. M. J.'Caldwell are some better." 3Vlrs. J. P. Auxier and children arevisiting relatives in Georgetown.Mr. Wm. Wood, of Collins, Miss.,arrived here Tuesday on business.v X Mr. and Mrs. C.W. Howard, of LexJOgton. visitpd here Wednesday andThursday.Miss Gertrude Skdd, of Shelbyville,rrivedV Wednesday as guest of MissMary McDaniel.Mrs. A. H. Cochran, of Berry, wasa guest of Mrs. F. P. Hurst Wednesday nd Thursday.Mr. Malcolm Linville.of Lexington,vfspent the Fourth with his'parents, Mr.and Mrs. J- H. Linille.-; Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Tarr entertainedabout thirty-five chilrden of the townwith an outing Tuesday.Misses Lillie Dell and MirandaLynch left Tuesday for a few days vis-it to Miss Anna Tune at Carlisle.Amity Lodge in regular meetingTuesday night received Mr. AaronMcConnell on a demit from the Mt.Olivet Lodge.Miss Liucy Robertson suffered apainful cut upon the face Tuesday afternoon. The injury was inflicted by apiece of falling glass.Miss Esther K. Nell, of Somerset,instructor in string instruments at M.F. C, arrived Wednesday as the guestof Miss Maty Agnes Purnell.Miss Elizabeth Jefferson, of Lexington, left Wednesday for a few days'visit to friends at Paris and Cincinnati, after spending a week with hercousin Miss Laura C. Jefferson.Mrs. F. M. Bush has been at thegrocery of Jones Bros, since Wednesday demonstrating one minute gelatineand tapioca. All housekeepers are invited tn call. She w'll continue therethrough Saturday.While Mrs. Harry Linville was driving from town Tuesday afternoon, herhorse became frightened and almostunmanageable. One line broke in hereffort to hoi it. The timely appearance of Mr. W. C. Collins doubtlessprevented a serious accident.Mr. Jas. H. Warford. aged nearly86, died Tuesday afternoon at 1 :45 af-J A TIMELY TIP!' imoaMiMwiji ! iiiiimmi.1 iiiiii w ! ni.ii niniiTniiTimi miih 1 '-"----"---' mai AYour Slimmer Footwear Fromet'Ther'sWe Sell Highll'-r mWe Sell NothingWe Sell and show more Footwear than anyWe sell all the latest style Footwear.Ladies' White Kid and Canvas Pumps,JCwith or without straps, former price$2.49 and $1.99.Special $1.49Infants' Soft SoleDAN COHEN336 Main Street,, , - Paris, KentuckyATter having beqn in failing healtn forseveral months. Mr. Warford -wasone of our most prominent citizens,. anative of Harrison" county but has beenidentified with the business interestsof Millersburg for nearly half a century. He served in both the Mexicanand Civil wars, under Col. Marshall inthe Mexican war, leaving Cynthianawith his company on July 6. 1849,serving for one year, the war havingclosed before the expiration of thattime. He was under Tom Vimont inthe Civil war from 1861 to 1865. Inboth wars he proved a gallant soldier,brave and feailess and in his latteryears was interesting to listen to, ashe related reminiscences of the scenesthrough which he had passed. lie wasa man of strong character, witn strongconvictions. He has served severalterm3 as a member of the town council of the town of Milleisburg and wasin the council at the time of his death.His services were looked upon as indispensble. He was married early in lifeto Miss Amos, of Fleming county, andwaH the father of tso children, hisson, a business man of Flemingsburg,having died several years ago. MissLouie Warford, his only daughter, hasbeen for the past severeal years ladyprincipal of Campbell-Hagerman College, Lexington. His wife precededhim to the grave by more than threeyears. He was a man wun a large circle of friends and was loved by all whoknew him. The funeral took placeWednesday afternoon from his lateresidence on Main street. It wasunder the auspices of Amity LodgeNo. 40 F. & A. M. Pall-hearers: Dr.W. G. Daily, Messrs. J. G. and S. R.Allen, W. V. Shaw, D. P. Jones andC. W. Howard, the latter of Lexington. Miss Louise Best and little niece,Miss Bissil, of Maysville, are guestsof Mr. A. S. Beat.The many friends of Mr. T. U. Judywill regret to learn that he is not improving from his severe illness. 'Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hodge and littleson, of Henderson, Ga., are guests ofMr. and Mrs. W. D. Mclntrye.Mrs. Frank Moore and children, ofLexington, Va., arrived Thursday asguests of Mrs. Thos. McClintock.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Mason anddaughter, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kerrand daughter, Miss Hazel, left Wednesday for Maysville where they willattend the funeral of a relative.The City Council met in regular session Wednesday night but little business was transacted. Burnham Baker,colored, was granted permission tobuild an addition to his residence onMiller street. A motion was pass'edAn Advantage.Grade Footwear atBut Shoes,Shoes isSlippers in White and TanSpecials For SaturdayTHE BIG ELECTRICauthorizing the Mayor to appoint acommittee to draft resolutions of respect upon the jdeath of CouncilmanWarford. Councilmen E. M. Inglesand W. A. Joutier and Mayor W. D.Waddell constitute the committee.A number of accounts were allowedafter which the meeting adjourned.Mrs. Sallie Best and daughter, MissNannie Louise Best will leave Saturday for a week's visit to Mr. and Mrs.Ben D. Best at Cincinnatai. Miss Bestwill go to Bay View, Mich., for amonth's stay.Misses Sarah and Mattie MillerVaught left Wednesday for a month'ssojourn at Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.,and were" followed Thursday by Mr.andM rs. G. F. Jones and son, Mr.George Morton Jones.Miss Louise Collier left Wednesdayfor Paris to join her aunt, Mrs. W. G.McClintock in a trip to Lake Chautauqua, N. Y., but owing to the seriousillness of Mrs. McClintock the tripwas abandoned and Miss Collier returned Thursday.RELIGIOUS.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis pulpit Sunday morning and eveningat the Baptist church.Union services at the Methodistchurch Sunday evening. Rev. Dr. B.M. Shive of the Prebsyterian church,willjnreaeh the sermon.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inhis pulpit at the Christian church atthe usual hour Sunday morning. Noservices at night.The mid summer meeting of theC. W. B. M. will be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock in the parlors of theChristian church. Mrs. M. G. Thompson will lead the meeting and her subject will be "Debt of the Church to C.W. B. M."Fayette Man Wins.At the range of the Fayette GunClub Tuesday Mr. Frank Bell, of Lexington, won the Blue Grass champion-1 ship shoot by a score of 98 out of apossible hundred.Repressntatives from nearly everycounty inthe Kentucky Trap Shooters'League were present and some excellent scores were made.Mr. Bell also won the trophy offeredby the Lexington Gun Club for thebest shot in that club.Z The trophy for the Blue Grass championship was a fine silver pitcher, andwas given by the Lexington Club.Thos. H. Clay, Jr., J. Q. Ward, Walter Kenney and W. Stoner, of Bourbon county, participated in the shoot.a Great Saving.kUbfBut We Do Sell Shoes,other store in the city.,Men's comfortable Olive Elk and Canvas Outing Shoes, just the thing forthe warm weather.Special $1.24Kid, 25c value 14c.SIGNDEATHS.Zachariah P. Smith, 84 years ofage, author of Smith's history of Kentucky, was found dead in bed earlyTuesday at his home in Louisville.Hon. John C. WooJ, formerlyRailroad Commissioner of this districtand editor of the Mt. Sterling Gazette, died at his home in that cityWednesday afternoon at 4 o'clockafter a lingering illness. The funeralwillibe held this afternoon at 4 o'clock.Mrs. Oma Day, wiie of Mr. ,7. W.Day. died at her home in BourbonHeiglits Tuesday night after a lingering illness or more than a year of tuberculosis. She is survived by herhusband, one son and four step-children.The funeral services were heldat the grave in the Paris cemeteryyesterday morning at ten o'cluck, conducted by Elder Carey E. Morgan.Mrs. Claude-Ransdelf, aged aboutthirty-five years, died at the home ofher hubsand on the Hawkins and Cummins pike near Jacksonville Mondaynight. She is survived by her husbandand two little children, one of thembeing an infant only a few days old.The funeral srevices were held at thehome Wednesday morning and wereconducted by Elder Carey E. Morgrr."Thp remainb were taken to Harrisoncounty for interement.The many friends of E. C. (Owen)Ryan, formerly of Kiserton, will regret to learn of his death which occurred Saturday morning, Julyl, atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, AnnexClitfon, Cincinnati, where he was confined since June 15, on which date hefell from a scaffold at the new GoodSamaritan Hospital, a short distancefrom '.where he died. Mr. Ryan wason the scaffold only a short time before it fell and it is hard to learn thecause as there was no defect in thestructure or the placing of the scaffok'.He was born at White SulphurSprings, W. Va., September 22. 1857,and moved to Kentucky .ith his parents when but an infant. They setiledin Ruddles Mills and later moved toKiserton where he resided until atferhe married. He moved to Covingtonabout 1886 where he was living at thetime of his death.He was a son of the late Con andAnn Ryan, and is survived by his wifeand three grown children Mae, Katherine, and Thomas J. He is also survived by one brother and sister, William F. Ryan and Mrs. B F. Jameser.He was a brother of the late Mrs. T.J. Mulcahy, of Cynthiana, who diedabout four years ago.The funeral,, which was held Mondayat St. Mary'a Cathedral in Covington,was largely attended, hundreds gathering to pay their last respects to theirdeparted friend.Free Premiums at CombinationSale.A great combination sale of Parisreal estate will be held by the firm dtHarris & Speakes on Wednesday, July12, begnniing at 2 o'clock, when 17pieces 'of property will be offered atauction. A rocking chair, Biussell'sdrugget and handsome porch swingwill be given away. Tickets will begiven to those who attend during thehours of the sale .She'd Been fn Europe."I'm afraid the ship might run Into an iceberg. "That danger, auntie,is very remote." "Well, give the captain a dol.r, anyhow, and then he'llbe extra careful."Fiscal Court in Regular Session.The Bourbon Fiscal Court met inregular session yesterday with JudgeDenis Dunon presiding and a fullboard of magistrates present. Littlebusiness of importance was before themeeting. Circuit Clerk W. H. Webbsubmitted to the court a report of theBourbon county grand jury sitting atthe June term of court and upon behalf of the court Judge Dundon extended an invitation to that body tomeet with the court at the regular.cpinn in AnmicfThe report of Road Supervisor U.'F. Redmon was presented to the courtand made of record. The sum of $7,211 97 for repairs on the turnpikes ofthe county were allowed and $1,500 appropraited for the use of the Supervisor ;for repairs during the presentmonth.Claims amounting in the aggregateto the sum of $1,239.31 were approvedand ordered paid. Upon completingthe routine business the court adjourned. BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. P. KENNEY,14 mch 3m E. T. phone 656.A Mass Convention of Republicansis called for Saturday, July 8, at 1 :30p. m. at old Christian church for thepurpose of selecting delegates'to stateconvention to be held in 'LouisvilleJuly 11, 1911.GEO. W. STUART, Chairman.W. A. THOMPSON, Sect.LOST.Cuff button on streets of Paris. Initials "J. T. P." on same. Finder return to News office and get reward.Administrator's Notice.2 All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properlyrproven according to law and filed with theundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call and settle.f WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceaseds27jlm -Busy-Day in Police Court.Yesterday was a busy day"inPoliceCourt for Judge E. B. January. Anumber of violators were before hishonor and in most all the cases fineswere asessed. Ed Slattery, M. L.Woods, E. F. Burnett and T. F. Brannon, four saloon men who tilted the''lid" a wee bit on election day wereeach" fined $27.50. Harvey Fields andLucy Hayden, colored, ud on complaint of Dr. A. H. Keller, for disobeying the order of the health officerwere fined S7.50 eich. The other violators and fines assessed were as follows: Clint Hartley, breach of peace,$12.50; Ed Long, disorderly conduct,dismissed; Mattie Reed, conducting arestaurant without a license, S3.50;Geo. Williams, drunkenness, S7.50;Josephine Williams, lpitering, $7.50;Kate Butler, drunk and loitering,$7.50; Lige Warren and James LeeLong, breach of the peace, $12.50.An Explanation."And why, Tommy, do you supposeDiogenes was so anxious to find anhonest man?" "Pa says he probablywanted to sell him a gold brick."Compliment to Young Teacher.J ne Mt. sterling uazette says :"Miss Marguerite Evans, the talenteddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Peter n.vans, of this city, has 'been elected as"sitsant principal of the new gradedschool to be opened at Little Rock,Bourbon county, this fall. This U quitea compliment to Miss Evans, as theposition was unsolicited and came asquite a surprise to her. The schoolboard is to be congratulated on securing the services of so competent ayoung teacher."I ClockWith every purchase of $10or over, for 30 days only.Big Reductions on Clothing, Shoes,Hats, Trunks, and Suit Cases.WATCH OUR WINDOWS FOR SPECIALS.THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY.Statement ofankPARIS, KY.(Incorporated).Semi-Annual Dividend,June 30, 1911.After Paying 4 per cent.RESOURCES:' oan5 a?? aui r'qS, Overdrafts . 6,968 &5Loans and Bills $432,775 95Real Estate 14,000 00Furniture and Fixtures 800 00Due from Banks 34,438 51Cash 24,171 86$513,154 87DIRECTORS.J. T. Hinton,W. H.' McMillan,J. W. Davis,B. A. Frank,Buckner Woodford.We solicit a share of your business.I Our I ifiA nfver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts. jREMEMBER THISThe "House of Oualitv" oniv car-I ries the very bestarid we can give vou anvthinsrfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.'The HouseH Botl5btBoth Phones.Officers of I. 0. 0. F. Installed.The installation of the officers of theBourbon Lodge took place Mondaynight when the following officers forthe ensuing year were installed.Judge E. B. January officiated.i Past Noble Grand, James W. Arkle;Noble Grand, John H. Doty ; Jftightand Left Su'pporters to Noble Grand,J. H. Rye and Geo. M. Rose; ViceGrand, H. C. Henson ; Right and LeftSupporters to Vice Grand; E. T. Rul9and Charles Stewart; Warden, A. R.Dennison; Conductor, R, B. Hutchcraft, Jr. ; Recording Secretary, P. J.McCord; Financial Secretary, A. LBurey; Treasurer, James Daugherty;Right and Left Scene Supporters, H,French and Allen Baliinger; Chaplain,J. B. Burnett; Inside Guard, DavisStevens ; Outside Guard, C. W. Fothergiil ; Hall Committee, E.B. January,C. Arnsparger, R. F. Clendenin; Widows' and Orphans' Committee, W. C.Dodson, William Kiser R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr. Relief Commitlee, GeorgoB. Miiiter, J..H. Rye and L. M. VanHook. New Trial Refused.Judge L. P. Fryer, of Butler, was avisitor in the city yesterday and as announced" toolc up several matters psrtaininc to rases tried in the BourrcnCircuit Court, during the recent Urmat which he presided as special jadge.Among the most important was his f.e-1 cision refusing to grant a new trial. toI the Louisville & Nashville railroad inthe damage suit filed by Miss Kellabitchell. Trje ca3e will be carried tothe Coait of Appeals. Judge Fryer also issued an order requiring the executors of the estate of Mary E. Prescottto pay to Hannah Butler and Mary E.Alexander the sum of $1,000 each.or Watchthe Condition ofand TrustGo,at the close businessLIABILITIES:Capital Stock $100,000 00Surplus 30,000 00Undivided Profits 12,31177Reserved for'Taxes 3,493 47Notes Re-Discounted 40,000 00Individual Deposits ... 327,49 63' $513,154 87OFFIQERS.Buckner Woodford, President.J. T. Hinton, Vice-President.S. E. Bedford, Cashier,.B. Woodford, Jr., Assistanc Cashier.fpHinor iliin Solid Silver Iof Quality."J,L.-- ? r