?- x- "L"i jj.-""rZ JvTr v-. x. x r -'4 ( .,r-A'V.. MW L. - '-b--Cr Ti. " j. - -"355 - " -"-, at " "V. x-is ;- - vu$TTHE BOURBON NEWS.Ai.-iTj-. vJr.'"i-v'- -..;. f ": ' -Z Ji&r rfcJfrr- VT, - .-. . "-r - --. --- -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1911.NUMBER- :&S6BIS JICanada Stops flegrolmmigrants.fhe Canadian government Fridayd -:ided to stop the immigration ofnegroes from the United States andsupped at the boundary a party whichintended ;to go to Western Canada.The negroes were stopped becausethey were regarded as undesirablecitizens.FreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYMan Howard.Schoolboys Serve as Jurors.' This case., of the Commonwealthagainst Thomas Daugherty for the alleged sale of soft liquor which provedintoxicating, was tried in the BathCounty Circuit Court before a jurycomposed of school boys, their agesranging: from 13 to 18 years. Both juries being out on other cases, JudgeAllie W. Young ordered Sheriff Bottsto go to the city school and selecttwelve of the boys, who were taken tothe court room and placed in the regular jury box. After hearing the evidence they retired to the jury roomand after being- out about twenty-fiveminutes, returned the verdict, fixingthe fine at $25.Maysville Preachers OpposeSunday BaliThe first step towards preventingSunday base ball at Mayvsille thisseason was taken Friday when sevenpreachers issued a lot of resolutionscalling on the people to stay awayfrom the games. Four pastors refused to sign it. The latter are Rev.Messrs. Benn, Clarke and Hayxmere,and Father P. M. Jones.Carlisle May Have New Ware-house.There is a movement en foot to organize a loose leaf tobacco warehousefor Carlisle. For some weeks therehas been much talk of a move, and itis given out that one and probably twoloose leaf markets will be opened inthat city. The men behind the movement say that they have met withsufficienfencouragement to insure thesuccess of the project, and that nowthe market is assured.I Cash Specials!;M? For every day in the week. Don't let the lowprice mislead you to believe that the quality is notthe best.w&totototototototototoStandard granulated sugar, 20 pounds $1.00Lenox Soap, 8 bars -. 25Argo Starch, 3 packages 10Pure Hog Lard per pound 123-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25Indianola Corn, 2 carts 15Baby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25Matches, 3 boxes 10San tee Syrup, 1-2 gallon can 15Santee Syrup, 1 gallon can 30Queen Olives, quart jar 25Evaporated Peaches, fancy," per ,1b 10Prunes, per lb 10Ivory Soap, 6 bars 25Fels Naptha Soap, 6 bars 25Lump Starch per pound 03Cream Cheese, per pound 20Royal Baking Powder per lb 43Evaporated Apricots, fancy, per lb 15Asparagus (Libby's) per can 25Asparagus Tips (Libby's) per can 252 boxes Rolled Oats - 15The Flour of Quality.You have tried the rest; now try the best.Blue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55The Grocery Store of Quality,T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234vrwto totofvvww-' V'65"C"CV'C-W9'9r'6'C'-''re'S.'-a-S-SKgtmmmmmmmmBmmwBimmmimmwmirmmwmmiWB&?Ii&mm.?VJ'SPRING HATSWe have received all thelatest colors and shapes inthe celebratedHoward Hat,Best $3 Hat in the U. S.Call and see them.3pftUsg Price & Co., IHonor Bestowed on Laura PerryDavis.The initial step in the perpetuationof Southern sentiment as exemplifiedby the Daughters of the Confederacy,was taken Friday when, at a meetingof Richard Hawes Chapter, little MissLaura Perry Davis, "granddaughter ofthe late Benjamin Perry, thrico Mavorof Paris, was unanimously elected amember of the chapter.Miss Davis is the first granddaughter of a Southern soldier to be sohonored and it is expected that within a few years quite a number will beadded to the membership roll of thechapter.The chapter met at 2 o'clock in theirapartments in the court house and wascalled to order by the president, Mrs.W. G. Talbott. Mrs. K. J. Neelywas in charge of the program, therfist number of which was a story ofthe privations experienced by twoNicholas county soldir boys who enlisted in the cause and fought theirway through the thickest of everyfight, which was read by Mrs. JohnConnell.Mrs. W. O. Hinton followed with aninteresting paper after which thechapter listened to a reminiscence byMrs." C. M. Thomas of the surrenderof General Cero Gordo Williams,, inwhich he and his staff were humiliatedby the cutting away of their epaulettes.Mrs. Lucy Johnson Wilson read anoriginal story of how a Southern girl,the daughter of a Southern soldier,helped to earn money while her fatherwas at the front, by pacing blackbsr-,ries and carving watermelon rincs.Mrs. Ii. M. Shive and Mrs. RosaBuckner were the visitors in attendance. Mrs. Lyttleton Purnell andMisses Flora Hill and Liura PerryDavis were admitted to membership.A delightful lunchron was served,Mrs. Russell Mann nd Mrs. LauraPerry being the hosress.es.(MITCHELL HLMMORfli)Case Bal 'We??Umpire Louis K 'p, who hst season held the int Ator in the BlueGrass League, win hext season hold alike position in the Kansau StateLeague, an organisation of the sameclass as the Blue Grass. Knapp isconsidered to be one of the best umpires in Kentucky and began his carreer in the city of Louisville where hedistinguished himself in the CityLeague and has only followed theprofession three years. Last summerthe work of Knapp attracted the attention of President Ussery and hewas immediately signed by the lattert) work in the Blue Grasp League circuit. His good work was the real talkof the base ball critics throughout thecircuit. After working for aboutthree months Knapp became discouraged, following several attacks madeupon his decisions by hot headed fans,an on one occasion he was assaultedby a player, returning to Louisvillewhere he signed up with an independent organization. Last season in thatcity he umpired a number of gamesbetween the National and AmericanLeague clubs and made a very favorable impression. Knapp has manyfriends in Paris who hope to see himmake good in the new league.Held on Serious Charge.In the court of Judge J. T. Clay atCarlisle, William Miller, a barber ofthat city, waived examination andwas held to the Nicholas county grandjury under a bond of $300, which hegave, on a charge of seduction.Mangled Body Found on RailroadTrack.The body of an unidentified man,thought to be a Hungarian, was foundat Maysville Sunday morning alongsidethe C. & O. railway tracks. His headwas torn off from the eyes back, botharms were cut off, one leg cut offabove the ankle and the other at thefoot.The body was taken in charge byCoroner Slack, who is holding it foridentification. This is the third manfound dead on the railroad tracks inMaysville since the first of January.Vreeland Defeated for Fair Secretary.Hubert Vereanld, of Louisville, Saturday failed of election to the StateFair Secretaryship at a meeting ofthe fair board in Mt. Sterling. TheVreeland sympathizers were sorelydisappointed, it is said, as they expected him to be successful.It is rumored that a "deal" wasplanned, whereby the Republican members were to be given three clprkships,and in return Vreeland was to beput over for the secretaryship. TheRepublicans were willing to stand bythe agreement reached, il is rumored,although the Vreeland supportersthuught they would secure to muchpatronage and desired a change.Vreeland's failure to secure electionwas a great surprise and the meetingadjourned to meet again at the call ofthe chairman. Commissioner of Agriculture Rankin.WWHAT TALK.NicholasFarmersRoads.Want Hoodi9Our complete line of the Dunlap and Stetsonand Guyer Hats, both in stiff and soft is now complete, and for the man who cares for his personalappearance and wrants to wear a becoming hat,this is the store to purchase from. The DunlapStiff Hat is acknowledged by the trade to be theleoding hat sold for 35, and Stetson Soft Hats arekings of them all in colors, styles and quality. Wehave all the new shades in gray mixtures, tans,Belgins and pearls.In our Hat Department this season we show alarger line to select from than other stores.Dunlap Hats 1 ,$5.00Stetson Hats .$4.00 and $5.00The Guyer $3.00iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."8mmmwMWMwmw wfflmmmmKsuiiiiiiiniiiifuaruuiiixi-iiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiirnininiiiiiimiiiiniiiHFRANK & CO:The Ladies' Store.The question of good roads is beingdiscussed by the farmers of Nicholascounty, and unusual interest is beingmanifested. The cause of the presentagitation is the bad condition of all ofthe roads throughout the county, andall are trying to devise ways fandmeans whereby the present road system, might be improved. Nicholascounty has only a limited amount ofmoney considering the total mileageof public roads in the county, and thusthe lack of funds has been a great.handicap. Citizens who are will posted on tha god roads question say thatthis is the only eolation to the problemand are in hopee teat tee land owners"will take apthejqttesttoa end assist in ,the week of ieeprovins the -fcjgfawayi.of-Nichelesceunty. - -;.,;; - Announce -Ready For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesINWhite GoodsGinghamsSheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviots -LinensSpecial Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin Underwear"' Hamburgs and Laces5YOUR TRADE SOLICITEDPRANK & COiURNmuwmmmmmmiimiiim4W:flEJbSS5Z23ESBBBlBnSlK3BHBBBBBBfiflV Hkmj:kSf -.THE BOURBON NEWS, "PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. ?8, 19111jhiiitmaJames F). WastersWins No. 1137.There may be those who think'they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theTfettleton Shoeywhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.Geo. M cWillams,The Shoe Man.A Treat For AUClasses Who Smoke.An Idol Cigar in his "mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis L):'c;t; fo r his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.1'esorfc, therefore, all e whoare fond of a goodj'smoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorI I391MyRpHtrWmm wm mlV. " n W -SrJxs$rjFISTheCrystal Ice CreamParlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff of Our Coffeer If- -M ( ' "will tell you it is certain- offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smel's.Rich, golden brown in coJcr,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coffee fit fora king. Be good to yourselfand try a pound.BALDWIN BROS.i wo Big Sto.es, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOOKSThat fdo not a prison make''are no the kind we keep. Oulocks, bolts, etc., are t e kindtint stay locked and bolted.They are not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassux. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.xnnff " '' 'LfsJ-THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Po3toffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 188 J 29 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pu bush ed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAE,$.00 j SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00What the March Woman's HomeCompanion Contains.You will read all about the latestsoring fashions in the March Woman'sHome Companion. This always interesting and beautiful magazine hss outdone itself Jn its presentation ot thebeauties and mysteries of my lady'sspring wardrobe. Beside a completedescription of the latest styles, -thereare dozens of illustrations of springgowns and fabrics, many of them incolors.This number is also an exceptionallyfull, complete and well-rounded outgeneral magazine, packed from coverto cover with bright stories, fascinating art features, musio and verse,special articles, and helpful departments that go deeply into the heart ofall household problems."The Flight of the Magic Carpet,"a new motor story by C. N. and A. M.Williamson, begins in this number. Itis a highly enteitaining tale of loveand adventure written in the usualciisp, brilliant style of the Williamsons. "The Magic Carpet" is the fanciful name of the automobile whichplays 'an important part in the story.The fiction also includes installmentsof Maude Radford Warren's excitingtsory, "In the Land of Tomorrow,"and the last part of "The Admiral'sNiece," by Kate Douglas Wiggin andher collaborators. Short stories inthis number are contributed by suchwell known authors as Mary HeatonVorse, Fannie Heaslip Lea, AliceBrown and Gertrude King."What is being done in the Fight forHonest Weights and Measures" is aparticularly timely article. It is asubject in which every home-maker,the country over, should take a keenand active interest. "How I Blundered d3 a Housekeeper" is the title ofan article by Christine Terhune Ilerrick, in which she shows some of thepitfalls of housekeeping and puts adanger signal beside them. GardnerTeal! reminds us that March is thetime to start the Salad Garden.A brilliant feature of the MarchWoman's Home Companion is the fullcolor rt production on rough art paperby Hilda Belcher, the well-knownwater-colurist. The picture is 11 by16 inches in size, and is deigned forframing.Succumbs to UnknowH Malady.As the result of a peculiar and unknown' malady which baffled thediagnosis of the attending physicians,J. E. French, of High Bridge. Ky..died at the Good Samaritan Hospitalin Lexington Friday morning. Mr.French ha1 been at the hospital sinceFebruary 9, and was suppesad to beimproving, but his malady took a sudden turn for the worse two days ago,with the result that he sank rapidiyuntil the end came at 1 o'clock Fridaymorning.Physicians who had be:n in chargeof the case, realizing the seriousnessof the man's condition, called severalother physicians into the case, butowing to the peculiarity of the trouble,little assistance could be offered andeven up to the time of his death, nocomplete diagnosis of the trouble hadbeen acomplished.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KZentuLofeivYouth Risked Life to SaveBrother.TfW Telephone No. 4.Bourbon LaundryD WIS & FUNK, Props.& mrWWnsH t mSlLH EL JBW saaHaaaaMThe heroism and courage displayedby little six-year-old Charile Robertson, of near Gardyville, in Adair counly, in trying to rescue his little eight-ycacr-oldbrother frcm a mad ramshould win for him a Carnegie medal.While at play Alton Robertson wpsattacked and knocked down by a madsheep. Each time the child would riseto his feet the sheep would butt himdown. His little six-year-old brothernoticing the battle ran to his rescueand stabbed the sheep with a Barlow.............'.rfr. i The animal made a mad rush for the..'..-.....JsgLS'C i little boy, knocking-him down. HisMi screams for help attracted the atten-Oiiice Upp. "ostoffice. M dead, but after heroic work byphysiciJi,'dus the child wa3 revived, and if netWj internally injured will recover. The0i. little six-year-old hero was painfullybut not seriously hurt.Estill Moonshiners Captured.Depuy Billy Mays, of Uncle Sam'sforce of United States marshals,brought three mooDshinres last Fridaymorning to Richmond and they werearraigned before U. S. CommissionerWarfield Bennett. They were held tothe Federal court in the sum of $250each and in default of this amountthey were sent to jail. They areJoseph Blevins and his tivo sons, Johnand Joe. The officer had learned sometime ago that the Blevins were"in thebusiness," but a thorough search ofthe surrounding country failed to locate their still. A few days agoDeputy Marshal Mays, c Tuised as acattle trader went to, e home ofBlevins and found an up c'ate moonshine still being operated ... the house.He returned to Richmcr - rd securing warrants went back l n arrestedthe three .af er destroyirt. hc stilland pouring outa iarge qua j of thereal stuff.Sacrifices Skin to Save Brother'sLife.At a Cincinnati Hospital WednesdayDominic Bezold, a Kentucky lad of 19ycars.'sacrificed forty inches of skinfrom his arms, les and body to savethe life of his brother, Joseph Bezold,who several weeks ago was injured ina gasoline explosion in Cincinnati, theentire front of his body, from theshoulders to the knees, being terriblyburned. His life was despaired of buthe rallied. Then came the periodwhen fresh skin must be transplantedin order to heal his terrible wounds,and his younger brother eagerly madethe sacrifice, great strips being taknfrom his arm? and legs. The doctorssay both will be able to leave thehospital in a week.$100 Reward, $100.Remedies are NeededWere wo perfect, which wc arc not, medicines wouldnot often be needed. But since our systems have become weakened, impaired and broken down throughindiscretions which have gone on from the early ages,through countless generations, remedies are needed toaid Nature in conecting our inherited and otherwiseacquired veaknesses. To reach the scat of stomachweakness and consequent digestive troubles, there isnothing sc good as Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovcry, a glyceric compound, extracted trom native meaic-inal roots sold for over forty years with great satisfaction to all users. ForWeak Stomach, Biliousness, Liver Complaint, Pain in the Stomach after eating,Heartburn, Bad Breath, Belching of food, Chronic Diarrhea and other IntestinalDerangements, the "Discovery" is a time-pro vca and most efficient remedy.The genuine has on itsoutside wrappes theSignatureYou can't afford to accept a secret nostrum as a substitute for this non-alcoholic,medicine op scnotvn composition, not even though the urgent dealer ma7thereby make a little bigger profit.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigorate stomach, liver aaJbowels. Su$ar-coatcd, tiny granules, easy to take as candy.5?WuWr1j iiHYlf liNjjn riDoes It PayTo Buy "Bad Coal?" No doubt you have tried the"Bad." Now tryBest the earth produces and every iurnp guaranteed.Godson & DentonPARIS, KY.lGfec2CiQ&SSSSSO&SEStpSSSsS.JkOhas, 3. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andTne readers of th;s paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, and !that is catarrh. Hall's Catarrh cure jia the only positive cure now known 'to the medical fraternity. Hall's Ca-'tarrh Cure i taken inter nalty, acting 'directly upon the blood and mucous 'surfaces of the system, thereby de-jstraying the foundation of the disease, and giviw the patient strength Iby building un the constitution and Iassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faitli in !its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any case Rnth 'Phr.np 14that it fails to cure. Send for list of! lU 1 Ba 'testimonials. I -F. J. CHENEY & CO., IToledo, O. ISold by druggistss, 7"c. jTake Hall's Family Pills for Consti-;pation.Biuegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.PARIS,KENTUCKY.Burr's Successful Flattery.A contemporary of IJurr, explaininghow fasrinaiing he was to j'oungminds, says: "In his manner of listening ho seemed to give yourthoughts so much value by his manner of receiving and to find so muchmore meaning in your words than youhad intended; no Jlattery was moresubtle."ITFEBRUARYnBARGAINStion of a twelve-year-old brother aconsiderable distance away, whosecured an ax, and after dealing theanimal several stunning blows overthe head severed the head from thebedy.Alton was carried home seeminglyA P rlicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Distance of the Horizon.At an elevation of ten feet above thosea the apparent horizo'n is slightlymore than ten miles away.I Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky. .State Banks Slow.Many state banks and trust companies in this state have not made theirreport of ofiiceia elected to the Secretary of State as is required by law,and Dr. Bruner is sending out lettersto all the delinquents calling attentionto the failure to report. The law requires that the directors of each bankaall file with the Secretary of Statethe namea of all tba stockholders andthe officers of the bank. The law reqjires that the report be made inJanuary of each year.' - ,."I am all right now,thanks to Dr. Miles'Heart Remedy."The same relief is ready for you.Are you sure you do not need it?If Dr. Miles' Heart Remedy helpedCharles Holmes, why won't it helpyou?"I was troubled with heart disease,and after reading about Dr. Miles'Heart Remedy, I got a boUle. Before I got the Heart Remedy I hadto sit up most of the night, and feltvery bad at my stomach. "WhateverI would eat made me feel worse, andmy heart beat very fast. But thanksto Dr. Miles Heart Remedy, I amall right now. I eat good, sleepgood, and feel like a new man, although I am almost 6S years old. Ihave been a soldier in the late warof the rebellion, and was badlywounded." CHARLES HOLMES,Private Co. B, 54th N. Y. InfantryVolunteers, Walton, Delaware Co.,N.Y.Dr. Miles9 Heart Remedyis kept in thousands of homes as afriend always to be relied upon intime of need.Soli by all Druggists If tha firstbattl. fails to bncm, yur mn.yto Mtuml. Ask any Ofucgist.MiLE MIDWAL CO., KWiart, InDAILY60URIER-J0URNALAt One-half PriceIf you will bring or send us your subscription duringthe month of February we will send youThe BourbonJNewsONE YEARAND THEDaily Courier-JournalPour MonthsFor Only $2.25Or this paper ONE YEAR and DAILY COURIERJOURNAL Eight Months for $3.00.Subscriptions received at this price only duringthe month of February.The' State and National Campaigns are opening and you want to keep posted on politicalevents. Read the Courier-Jourdal editorials. AndMr. Watterson's letters from Europe will be interesting. Subscriptions orders under this offer mustNOT be ent to the Courier-Journal, but to us.THE BOURBON NEWS. Paris, Kyu? . -"" . r . t -mjaVaVBUtHBBBBflB)it2 " .rjmjw-i -'r!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,- EB; 2$ :'ilifeUslUHNEW ORLEANSamb MOBILEMARDIGRASSPECIAL REDUCED FARESTickets on sal February 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 and 27Ci titutniu omtil M.rch IHh, 1911, with ttiriUi of ExttuioaSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSFOR fULL PARTICULARS. CAll OH ANY TICKET AGENT. QUEER & CRESCENT ROUTE.ir imn WRITEn. C KINQ, V A RPCWT PD- PrafWAttiit. - GeScSp5?nrAKti c. main atrett, Lexington, Ky. Intajla BuiMin, Cincinnati, O.mmiuarguien s.This shows the Sliding CordBack which makes Shirley President Suspenders the most comforuble and durable.SHIRLEYPRESIDENT SUSPENDERSztt necenary to your comfort for dress wear, business or hard work. After a few days' wear youwill wonder why you ever wore the ordinarykind.Made in three weights to tuit all occupationand in extra lenfths for tall men.ooid by your dealers or from factory at 50c.Signed Guarantee on every pa'irTHE C. A. EDGARTON MFG. C0J333 MAIN STREET, SHIRLEY, HASS.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl CrawfordS Oiiairs 3iAll White Parbers, jHot and Cold Baths.iThe Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.John White & Co.LOUISVILLE, KY.Hstabliehed 1837Higheslniarkeiprfce paid& FURSand HIDES.WOOLCM COMMISSIONdKSa,jmsmtmiwfHSfW ?rifi2fife2&,-ssy .Ifllii V- ?E c' iwlQrIRCharles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Don't 'ct this mostdestructive of allinfectious diseasesget a gripyour fleck.A few drops ofonOffers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five vears experience.Orders left at The Bourdon Newsoffice will receive prompt, attention.BOURBOH POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, Li:nbernt;cl:9 Roup and otherexiting forms of poultry diseases, and putsfowls in prime condition for egg-laying.One 50c boLLIc rn.kcs 12 gailous of medicine.Every poulry raicr should keep a bottlef this medicine on hand.For Sale by W.octDaugT. Brooks.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If youa:e looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our present handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra ettortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Fine Upholstering,Cabinet Repair Work,Mirrors Re-Silvered,Antique Furniture a SpecialtyC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, 0pp. Windsor HotelHome 'Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.Hot and ColdBATHS'Professional CardsHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waits.to wait on theYou are next.M. A. KAHAL.Special WinterTourist TicketsVLAHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oflice r,14 Main Street.Office Phones J gSs.On Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. U KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, RoomsParis,and .1, Elk's Bld'gKentuckyJ. WILdLIAMS,.ATTORirEY-AT-LAW.m 1 WkM MMim?. .Lamb,Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed to.Order.Playing at Death,The .mother of Ivan Turgenev, theRussian novelist, was a trying personlo live with, irritable, capricious andunreasonable. On Ivan's birthday in1S45, we are told in "Two Russian Reformers," after a day of festivities, Mme. Turgenev pretended to bedying. ."She sent for her confessorand, placing before her the portrait ofher son Ivan, exclaimed "Adieu, Ivan!Adieu, Nicolas! Adieu, my children!'Then she ordered her forty servantsand all the men employed about thehouse to say goodby to her. Whenthey had filed out of the room Mine.Turgenev declared that she felt betterand asked for tea. The next day thefollowing 'order' appeared:" 'I give orders that tomorrow morning the disobedient servants, NicolasJacovlef, Ivan Petrof and Egor Koudratatief, shall sweep the court infront of my windows.'"Those names were those of servants who had not appeared at her bedside, possibly because they were a little drunk that evening. 'Good fornothings! Drunkards! exclaimed lime.Turgenev. 'They rejoice at the deathof their mistress!' "Margolen,LParis, Ky.JMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroidervMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.JHnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,"Shampooing 2 5 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augKifcfEast Tenn. Phone (id!)I Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander & Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronacre solicited.COME ON!The Bank Beat the Prince.The Gentlewoman of London recallsthe following story of the prince regent and Coutts' bank: "When GeorgeIV. was a regent he had a grudgeagainst Coutts and determined to playa trick on the authorities. In thosedays even the great banks kept verysmall reserves of cash, and the playfulprince thought out a plan to closeCoutts'. So he 'sent his equerry roundfrom Carlton House with a rheck for100,000, fondly hoping .that the bank jwould not be able to pay over the 'counter. The prince's trick, however,failed of success, as the wary old partner of the Strand bank proved equalto the occasion. He said at once tothe equerry, 'How will his royal highness take the amount, in gold or notes?'The equerry hesitated and then said' he had better go back to Carlton nouseto inquire. So he departed, and Coutts'had time to send to the Bank of England and get the cash required, but itwas not needed, as the prince regent,seeing that Coutts' had got the bestof him, did not return the check inquestion."Eggs That Can'KBe Found. i, The eggs of some common birds ofthe present day have never been Jfound. There is the robin snipe; its jeggs have never been seen. An Eng-1lish zoologist kept a man going up and (down the coast of Labrador for weekspurposely to get a robin snipe's egg,but it was in vain. The bird is knowni by thousands of people, but it breedsj so far north and so remote from anyj civilization that no scientific observer '. can ever get to Its nest ere the young 'I aie "hatched and have taken to wing.'1 The frigate bird that is so commonly -seenat sea on the Pacific and off theWet Indies is such a solitary bird' and is so seldom seen in its nest dur' ing the hours of daylight that its eggis rare. It seems strange, but the ,j o:;; of so well known a bird as thej sandpiper have never been found and1 are almost priceless. London Globe.mmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!Lnr&We can do your JOBPRINTING of everydescriptionReversed the Proposition.Robert Wickliffe Woolloy, the. writer,,found it necessary not long ago totake a trip west. On the dining car ;of the train ho saw that he had in his 'pocket 10 cents In change, his small-est bank note being one for $50. Hehanded this to the porter, who wentto the end of the car for a conferencewith the conductor."I'm very sorry about this," said ithe conductor, standing in front of jWoolley and toying with the big bill, j"but we haven't the change for $30. Ij We'll just take your address and sendyou the change."Woolley calmly reached over and jtook possession of the banknote."You've got nothing on me," he said, j"I'll take the address of the railroadand send the price of the meal." ;Chicago Record-Herald.Cards, Billheads, Circulars, Auction and Show Bills, Pamphlets,Law Blanks, Briefs, Blank Books,Labels at Reasonable , PricesSustaining Foods.The only real foods which containall the substances necessary to humanlife are said to he milk and the yolkof eggs. A man can live in healthon these two foods.A King Who Left Home.set the world to talking, but PaulMathulka, of Buffalo, N. Y., says healways KEK PS AT HOME the Kingof all Laxatives Dr. King's NewLifeJPills andthat they are a blessingto all his family. Cures constipation,headaches, indigestion, dyspepsia.Onlv 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCESpecial Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates; routes, &c, callon write .W; H. HARRIS, Agent,or D:S. JORDAN. T. A.The Baths of Caracalla.The Romans appear to have beenwell off in the matter of bathingplaces in the first and second centuries. In the baths of Caracalla LG00bathers could be accommodated at onetime. The inclosed area was 'M0square yards, but it included a coursefor foot racing. The bathing establishment was 240 yards in length by ,124 wide. The remains of the walls 'are eiirht and ten feet thick and Insome places as much as fifty feet high.A Cumulative Test.As the thin man and the stout one .were talking of diet and food in gen- joral the thin man said: "You can getan excellent dinner at Clapham's, therestaurant near my ollice, for 23 cents.Ever try one of his dinners?""One of 'em! Yes, I should say Ihad," said the stout man. "Why, Iate four of 'em one day last week!"Trade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.Anrone Fending a nketch and description mayqnlcMy'iisMTtalu our opinion free whether aninvention is prohnbly patentable. Communications xtridly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentssent free. Oldest agency for eecunnp patents.Patents taken tbrourfi Munn & Co. receivespecial notice, without charge, lu theScientific American.A handsomely lllnitraf pd weekly. Largest Irculatlnn of nny eicntiU journal. 'J'crnia, 3 ayear: four months, (L fc'oldbyall newsdealer.MUNH & Co. - New YorkBranch. Offlcv, 5 F St.. Wahlaton.D.C.The Best Thing."What do you mean by kissing me,nerr Ki-NchV""My aunt told me to. She told me toionic and help myself to the best thingI could find in the kitchen." FliegendeItlalter.Just Men.If any one says that he has seen aJust man in -rant of bread I answerthat It was in some place where thereAvas no other just man. St. Clement.Can Afford It."Has the doctor a large practice?""So large that when people havenothing the matter with them he tellsthem so." Pittsburg PostThe Froof."You're Tery contradictory, my son"No, I'm not, pu." Llppincott's. .tA'S:5rTRE J9B R60fflS OFTHE"BourbonNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as5ILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &cLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork,ur type is new and modernfaces.the Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2-00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcWUWWWWWKi- r-U.' J . 'mU5- w r-wwr. - i i'f -.:- -. 1THE BOURBONT4EW;PARIS;? KEWfEaCKY 1- FEB.; ; 2,i; --IM-fc-?v.i"TiifeercKltsie Bay."April 30th, baa been -set aside thisyMr at "Tuberculosis Day" and willfe Iwtrved by 200,000 churches in theeoantry in a manner similar to that of'Tuberculosis Sunday" in 1910. whenover 40,000 sermons were preached onNitft liters Be tin Work.The first operation of "night riders"in Bath county for the year 1911 havebegun and many of the farmers whocontemplated raising tobacco this yearhave given up the idea of doing so.Nathan Sorrel!, Newton Hornbacktaw nrevention of consumDtion. The and Pat Foy. farmers of Bath countyKcatacky Association for the Study who had started to raise crops thisaa4 Prevention of Tuberculosis states ' year, prepared their beds, but a fewt&at it will make a special effort to en-1 mornings ago when they went to thelist every one of over 1,200 ministers plant bed each grower found a notein Kentucky to give their co-operation warning him to desist under "due"in bringing this vitally important sub-, penalties.iect before the members of their re- ( At Sharpsburg, the tenant house ofspectire churches. It is estimated ; one of the growers was dynamited by I ,-.ihi in mis way.uver ou.uuy persons uhwiuwupmucs. ag uuac nw .m u. anrtinLrT r ii rtj flniicrrnn in rnia i r if iiii'iiiiihii vi viri'ii i nv i iih h imiii. wnu - -.. ..vj mi. wc '" --: r-r'rrt:j r: l. "1 .:: v" "..;., ' The lieimet nat. amovement. nau cumiJieieu arraiiKemema iui guv.- jpc;n nenallvan we respuct xuuercuiusi uaj ib wuji wis jmi. ic a'" ,i,v"of this year will differ from "Tubercu-1 would grow tobacco whether nightlofiis Sunday" of 1910. Instead of re-! riders bothered him or not. Manyquesting the churches to give to the j notes are being left at the homes ofTuberculosis cause a special Sunday j growers who are preparing to raise toarevice, the State Association is this bacco this year, and it is feared theyear going to ask that meetings at 'cut-out will be forced in this countywhich Tuberculosis and its prevention by the "night riders."be discussed, be held on Sunday, April J Many of the farmers who have hcre30, or on anv day near that date, tofore stood aloof from the movementeither in the week "preceeding or the j declared that they will stand by theweek following. The object is to get j decision of the heads of the Burley Toss aiany people in Kentucky as pos- bacco Union.aible to think about this great prob- While many of the notes have beenlem at the same time. delivered for several days, the lirst in-It is conservatively estimated that timabon that "night riders" wer actbere are in Kentucky today at least I tuallly at work became known Thuis-20.000 persons suffering from this dis- iday when sereral of the growers metcase in some form or other.The State Association is planning todistribute educational leaflets in connection with this day and,it is earnestly desired that the pubiic'will take anactive part in stamping out this preveatable disease which sends over6,500 of our citizens to an early graveevery year, and causes an economiclose to our state of over $13,000,000annually.Wasted Effort.It doesn't take half the effortsmile over a trouble tlmt ft o'oontell all about it to ovc-rybo.iy outoTOin Owingsville and compared notes.MATRIMONIAL.Judge Denis Dundon Friday performed the ceremony uniting in marriage Miss Samantha E. Williams andMr. Herbert Mattox, both of thiscounts.Wims BrideWith NameEgg.lilccLOn anBecause an egg upon which he hadwritten his name while packing acrate for shipment East reached itsek8tination jn a fresh condition, Edward Taylor, of Alexandria, a groceisclerk was wedded a few days ago to3r!i?s Margaret Grayner, of Brooklyn.:n. Y. -Miss Grayner, when opening theeggf noted the name and address onthe shell, and being struck by thefreshness of the morsel of food J andthe oddness of the affair, wrote tothe young man more as a joke thananything else. Later photogaphs wereexchanged, then letters, and finalllyTaylor journeyed down East to see inreal life the object of his peculiar little romance.Things were better in real life than !on paper, and after a short courtshiphe returned to Alexandria. He did jnot write on any more eggs hedidn't!nave to he was engaged and he loved jthe girl and the girl loved him. 'Farmers Institute Closes.The sixth annual meeting of theFarmers' Institute in session at Mr.Sterling last week, adjourned at noonSaturday after a very interesting ses-, ;ion. A note of thanks was extendedthe citizens of Mt. Sterling. The' meeting was one of the most successful ever held. An invitation was extended for the meetings of the institute to be held at Paducah two years1 hence ard Mt. Sterling is also eagerto again secure the meeting.Close Observer.Philip, eight years of age, already jsa close if silent observer. In his towna number of men in the past fewyears have died, leaving their families unprovided for. One day Philip'steacher asked him to define the word"widow." "A widow," replied thoughtful Philip, "is a poor woman with alarge family who takes boarders.""Coronation" Latest in Headtear. Because his Majesty, the King ofEngland, is to be crowned threemonths hence, the prevailing theme infeminine headger for 1911 will be the"Coronation."This pronunciamento comes fromdelegates to the annual convention ofthe National Association of RetailMilliners, who willl be called to orderhere tomorrow night. Some 5,000j delegates are said to be in the city.Among the Easter creations are :The Empire bonnet, a close flittinga glorification of the hoodsworn by aviators.reduced size ofgiven to large hats:resembling the hat of a London "Bobby." Louis X. turban, a draped hood intwo styles (a) soft,8 for dress ; (b) highand round, of less clinging material,for the street.! Otheis includes the classes embracing the Louis XI., the Reynolds hat of1870, with side front turned up; theGainsoorough, and the Leghorn. Forout-of-doors girls, the burlap will beaffected. As to trimming it i3 asserted that ribbon and offers have cometo stay and likewise lace owers ; thelatter must Ibe white. Among thellowers, buttercups, daisies, dandelions and sweet peas find favor. Coronation colors will predominate in thespring but probably will give way toindividual needs as the season progresses. The correctly gowned woman, in addition will add to her spring finery alarge muff of Tagal straw. A malereporter with a large family bashfully inquired as to the prices, but wasfrowned down. Ke claimed to havelearned from other sources however,that the style in prices would be highand round, turned up fore, port andstarboard.HarlanCan't Repayturn.larraweiJustice Harlan, of the United StatesSupreme Court, has not been able tosave enough out of his salary to payback $1,000 which he borrowed at thetime of his marriage.This statement was made to the Ap-THEATRICAL.nrnnriatinns fVimmif f-pn nf tht. Hnilfif"-durinc its hearings on the surdry civil ! Hon," at the Grand tonight.bill bv Albert Rosenthal, a Philadel-, supported ny forty expertphia artist.Mr. Rosenthal has partly completed"THE SMART SET" TO-NIGHT.Salem Tutt Whitnuey, one of theablest and cleveiest of all negrocomedians, is the star of the far-famed"Smart Set" Company which willpresent the latest three-act musicalcomedy, "George Washington Bul-Wnitneyfun-makrea who contribute toward an' offering of merriment combining aofformpr' dozen song hits, vaudeville features' nnrl nvimnal nnnalfiao onri m-nniinouu. uiigiimi uuitiuu uuu iiuiuiiDcau. xiuuier iuu uuu iv a my reiers luar-adroit anda collection of paintingsmembers of the Supreme bench, andhas offered the collection to Coneressfor purchase. i t,n an aaroic ana winsome primaHe was asked, by a member of the t donna, lend additoinal assistance withcommittee if he had made any paint- tneir talents. The production in itsings at the personal solicitation of entirety is capital amusement andthe Justices. j should appeal to the mo3t exacting de"I have not been paid by any of i vo6ee of a11 tnafc Js Sd in up-to-datethem, "said Mr. Rosenthal. "They all . theatrical entertainment,told me they were too poor to buythem. Justice Harlan said: I would j "THE CLIMAX."like to have that portrait. I borrowed i It is a fortunate thing for local.$1,000 when I was married, and every playgores that the struggle betweenyear since when I fix up my accounts the two great theatrical forces hasfor the year I find I still owe that not deterred Joseph Webber from$1,000.' j again sending out that charming idyl"They are all too poor to buy them. ,ot Edward Lockes', "The Climax,"Mr. Justice McKenna wanted to buythe one of himself, but the price wastoo high.which last .season was the dramaticdelight of tne country. The work ofthe Pittsburg playright is so homely.mu i.:- t i.; - j i 1 . . . iine puuran ui in:, justice lYJooay . so genne, so pure, witn sucn a powerwas.uuuineu vy air. nustuumi ueiore iui grasp on ine neartstnngs or everythe retired Justice shaved oh: his mustache. Now there is some questionwhether the portrait with the mustache will be a proper likeness to beretained in the Supreme Court galleries, as Justice Moody in his last yearoon the bench was smooth shaven.A Wonderful Spice.Wonderful things the little browncloves, for it makes two breaths growwhere was only one breath before.Strenous Campaign Being Wagedby "Drys."A dispatch from Richmond says:"The 'drys' are making a strenouscampaign in the local option electionhere March '3. They are holding lectures twice daily. Many noted temperance workers have made addresses,t including Judge E. C. O'Rear, of theI Court of Appeals, Frankfort. Prof. E.W. B. Curry, of Urbana, Ohio, andseveral educators of Berea College.The 'wets' are confident of carryingthe elcetion."Slaughter of Elephants.There are annuall killed In Africaa minimum of C.",000 elephants, yielding a quantity of raw ivory, the selling price ol wVUih 'as $4,250,000.After the Club.Madam "No, you can't see my husbandhe's at the club. You mightwait he's due home after a while."Caller "But I want" to see him theworst wa'." "You'd better wait thenhe'll be that way when he comeshome."Bitterest of All.That is the bitterest of all, to wearthe yoke of your own wrongdoing.Eliot.Kentucky Feudist Kills RebelComrade."Wild Bll" Hatfield, one of thefamous McCoy-Hatfield feudists ofKentucky, who is an American recruitin Gen. Leyva's rebel army, - shot aMexican insurgent named FranciscoFriday night. Hatfield used an automatic gun and the victim's face wasshot away.Francisco was taken to the international line by his Mexican comradesand rolled across the border. He waspicked up by Red Cross attendants andtaken to the hospital in Calexico,where he died. Nothing was donewith Hatfield by the insurrectos. Itis 'thought the shooting may cause afeud between the American and Mexican members of the rebel army.human being capable of feeling any ofthe primal passiens, that it will livelong;in the souls and brains of thosewho see it, even though the satuteNew York manager places it in thestorehouse.With a forethought which is remark-, able in this age of commercialism inthings theatrical, Mr. Webber js sending out "The Climax" with a cast evenbetter than that seen last season.Thomas Fallon is cast as Dr. Raymond ; Carney Christie is the musicloving Pietro; Florence Webber is thebudding prima donna, and HowardLange is the maestro, I.uigi. "TheClimax" will be seen at the Giand onMarch 8.Oat Dtrfcy CaatfhUt ii LtxiigThe Lexington Leader says: "Rolla?Colston, the colored trailer, shippedhis string of horses to ; Louisville Friday, leaving his winter quarters atthe Kentucky Association track. Inthe bunch were the three-year-olds,Colston, Silver Brush and Princes?Colloway and five two-year-olds. Theshipping of Colston, who is a candidatefor the Kentucky Derby, leaves onlyone horse eligible to start in that raceat the Kentucky Association track."The latter is St. Aloysius, a handsome son of Stalwart, owned by Martin Doyle of Paris, and trained byJack Baker of this city. This is thefirst time in the history of the localtrack that only one Derby candidate isbeing trained here. More are expected to arrive from the South soon, however."MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a SpecialtyHauling Tobacco.ofFOR SALE.One dump cart and harness; oneroad wagon and harness in good order.Apply toPARIS GREEN HOUSE,Paris, Ky.--flf f a aLET USMAKE YOURHOME THECOSY HOME.tjifF ' ''jigi aSPECIAL ATTRACTION AT THECOMET.Manager Porter, of the CometTheatre, while in Cincinnati Wednesday arranged for the production nextWednesday at the Comet of what isconceded to be the most remarkablemoving fpicture ever made, entitled'Lassoing Wild Animals in Africa."Col. Roosevelt, on viewing the picture, said: "A really Iphenomenal record of a really phenomenal feat"One of the most sensational scenes isthe capture of a particularly ugly rhinoceros. It was one.'of the two-hornedvariety, and one of the horns is extralong and dangerous. . After severalm , charges, the rope-throwers got himright, and he was eventually thrown.Succeeding scenes show the captureof a zebra, a cerval cat. a cheetah,which is sort of leopard, and finallya full grown lioness. This latter exploit was attended with great danger.Madame Lionees is eventually shownswingng from the limb of a tree.I where she is properly muzzled, hasher claws manicure, and is placed ona drag and hauled to camp.In order to give everyone a chanceto see the remarkable picture theComet will open next Wednesday atten o'clock and run continuouslythroughout the day. On account ofthe expense incident to securing thepicture for this day only the price willhe ten cents.PUBLIC RENTINGUp-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.Boys Get a WatchFree.Easy to do and costs you nothing.Send us your name and addressand we will send you twenty packages of post cards to be sold at tencents per package. When sold sendus the two dollars and we will forward you a gold plated watch freeand postpaid. This waatch is notoy, but koeps good time. It isguaranteed lor a year.Welfare Company,G-r S. Wittenberg Ave.,21feb-3t Springfield, Ohio.NOTICE TO CREDITORS.Ed. Rash Plaintiff;Vs. Notice to Creditors.Ed. Fothergill, &c, - - Defendants.The creditors of the firm of Rash &Fothergill are hereby notified to nre-sent their claims proven as required bylaw to the undersigned Master Commissioner Bourbon Court.All claims must be filed before or byMarch 15, 1911, or they will be barred.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C..It eotOf DESIRABLEJust the cozy home that you have thought and planned so often. We've everything herethat will make your cozy home. Furniture everything for its complete furnishings Carpets,Rugs, Draperies, House furnishings, Stoves and Ranges. You want the little home, don't you?Then why not have it now? Your things are here, your prices are here, your terms are here,your cosy home is here.L k?-U'v:T"-DINING TABLES$3.75 UP TO $32.50.JUST LIKE CUT, $ 1 5.00.Rockers of Ntwest Styles69c up to $32.00.We are giving very lowS rices on Rockers andining Chairs for the nexttwo weeks.rerrerrBourbon County Farm.I will rent at public auction to thehighe t and best bidder, at 11:30 o'clocka. m., at the courthouse door in Paris,Ky., on court day,MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1911,my farm of about 122 acres (exceptingis acres already under lease -right of,ingress and egress to which is reserved)leaving about 104 acres; subject to survey. About one-half of land for cultivation, of which nearly thirty acres isalready plowed. ' Possession givenabout March 15.The farm is desirably situated on theGeorgetown pike, one mile west of'Paris, Ky. Has thereon a two-storyj brick residence of 12 rooms, 4 halls,I large presses, cellars, closets, etc.;two-room servants' house; roomy stableI suitable for horse or stock, or dairypurposes; 2 carriage houses, etc.; cis-tern; springs; pools; creek.Large door yard; big garden; orchard;. flower pit, etc.I Other details will be known to pros', pective bidders on application to under-signed.Prospective bidders are invited to inspect the premises.Two rooms on second floor will bej reserved by undersigned for storingI furniture, with right reserved of ingress and egress to same.TERMS Cash, or its equivalent api proved note, negotiable in bank, bearing interest at 6 per cent, per annum, from date until paid.Right reserved to reject any or allbids.j BRUCE MILLER,Paris, Ky., either phone.ueorge u. bpeakes,I M. F. Kenney,I Auctioneers.Public Sale-OF-CITY RESIDENCEI will sell puolicly on the premisesa 2:30 o'clock p. m., onWesdayJffarchJlI,my two'story brick residence situatedon corner of Main and Sixteenthstreets. House contiins six largerooms, insiriejpress in each room cabinet mantels, 2 reception halls, kitchen,bath room, 2Harge pantries, aterworks and electric lights throughout,cellar, front and back porches and twostair ways. Everything in perfect repair. The best finished and most con-venient'home in Paris.a private sewer connects all downspouts, the Wtchen sink lath roomandjclosets. As good a cistern as wasever used from. There are out'housessuch as buggy house, coal house,s poultry house, stable and poultry yard.Everything convenient.Lot fronts on Main street 114 1-4feet and on Sixteenth street 217 feet.One can sell two desirable buildinglots in the rear on Sixteenthjstreet andhave plenty of room left for yard inrear. This is a most desirable house,beautifully situated on Main street,and m the best part of the city. Interurban and city car stop just in frontof the house. Come and see the placeif you are interested.TERMS-Liberal.E. F. RASH.M. F. Kenney, Acutioneer. 21 otODD DRESSERS9$8.75 up to $60.00.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COCOR. MAIN A THIRD STS. CHAS. GREEN, MGR. . ' T OPP. COURT HOUSE APUBLIC SALE.... OFCITY PROPERTY.On account of the death of my parents, and having no one to occupy it, Lhave decided to sell my residence at public auction, onTUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, on the corner of Main and Sixteenth streetsThe house contains six rooms, large hall, bath room Sx9, pantry, threepresses, porchej, atone foundation; wired for electricity; water in yard and"sewer connection. Lot 08x130 feet.I will also sell two lots. 4&68 feet each, on Sixteenth street.Ine property will be offered separately and as a whole and best bidcepted. This is a very desirable and convenient home, situated on the carand in a splendid neighborhood.TERMSLiberal and made knawn on dav of sale. -:- JFor further information, calUm Harris & Speakes.eat oratttie-.if4ac- -- v sline-. .., 3 --iPcia; h. MQUciAMb$-IX8Smu Actiofetr- r - - ""-'-. " '.'"- ;: -?v--."2 -. r2-LTliE, BOURBON NEWSPARIS,3EWtJCKYf PER. 28: .181sHE BOURBON NEWS.&90W&&yf&FIRST, LAST, AND ALL THE TIMEBit Warcwoasc Proptsed" Paris.FrIf the plans now in ths fprocess ofdevelopment and formulated by a numnre of business men in this city andprominent farmers in Bourbon countyare actuated by the time the 1911 cropof tobacco is ready for the marketParis will have in operation one of thelargest loose leaf tobacco warehouses! m Central Kentucky.' A capital stack of from $75,003 to,$100,000 viH be raised and the new, enterprise incorporated under theVOU I name of the Farmers' and Growers'PEISONAL MENTION,Rugs. Isave you money.J. T. HINTON.Ash Wednesday.LISTEN.Get my prices beforefin v votir Furmhiro ra. Loose Leaf Tobacco Warehouse Com'. xjt v. JL ,--tfc jpany of Fans, Kentucky, and fromhlattingS, Wall raper or ! those who have taken the initiative inme project tnat a sucinient amount ofj tsock can be subscribed with but littledifficulty to build and equip a warehouse second to none in the btate.A committee, it is said, will be se-IpP.t.pH lf. fin noflir Aaa n irJct- oil t-Uniomorrow will be Ash Wednesday, tobacro warehouses in Lexington,tbenrstday oi the Lenten season. Danvills. Kuhmond and MaysvilleLatvr will this year occur on Apr'l j with a vie of inspecting their facili'u t , ties foL quick handling and the sale ofi iuusu ieai tooacco ana to make a, thorough study before planning what, is likely to be the most up-to-date, warehouse in the world., It is said the matter of establishinga warehouse at this point has been under consideration for one time andthat the leading manufacturers of thiscountry had been approached by aSinger Building to be Improved, 'committee representing the local-u c ,. h;w; m: ,.. . enterprise and received the assurance, .. . "-'""" u" -"" stieLi, ,tnat t lev WOU M Hp v )4 In rrmintriinI'lttft streets, re- rpnrecotifoi;, : tu, :,.Ld Branncn as a, That such an enterprise in Pansrepairs and be oc- ill succeed beyond a reasonable douhti4U'5'"'B siure. is thflhpipf nf manv whn hnvo mini.Bourbon countyproduce annuallypounds of tobacco andTin n rwa quw, the adjacent counties of Harrison andUP'lOLiaie anop. Nicholas could produce as much more.us Corbin's barber shop is the most 1 Thousands of pounds of tobacco'grownL:"tWatch for the Bfue Bird !Fish During Lent.t us have your order for fish durent as we wi.l rect.-.e them daily.SAUKR.between Fourth nnditr y ac::td Ly&.'". ,U undergoti jtd by a gentsr. ItTIT T.llir.illl W.n 1 C T-V r.- V- 4Mau.rJAU rm"V ""T,u u -ii- 'uyu uuuer tested an interest,iheirontof the building and a new ! can be relied on Itonnjjiu ujsiJi vjijuuw HibLaiieu. i eight millionJt-to-date.jb the onlyThe Hot Towelone in the city.SterilizerGive him24 4tInspector Condemns Step.Tnpectoi Moore, of Frankfort, was in.e city a few days agu looking overhe Government Building, and contit lined the bottom concrete step lead-i-rfrom Pleasant street to the buildrt Ihe concrete v.'as laid duringt.trs cold weather which affected itome extent causing it to crack,ine btep is now being replaced.t in FlPtninir Snnf-t- P.lfirL- and Mnnf.OF ., w. ...... ...... ..w...gomery counties would bring the totalto more than twenty-live millionpounds.Practically all of the tobacro grownin the counties mentioned above is disposed of on the Lexington market andduring the sales season hundreds ofwagons loaded with the weed passthrough Paris enroute to the Lexington markets, from the lower counties.All of this tobacco in the course of asaason would find its way to the Parisbrakes.Another strong inducement formanufacturers to buy all the tobaccjthat might be offered in Paris is theadmirable railroad facilities, and thesuccessful establishment of a looseleaf market would eventually, so manybelieve, result in the'estatlisbment inthis city of tobacco manufacturingplants to manufacture different brandsof tobacco for smoking and chewingWatch for the Blue Bird!Teachers Will Get Their Money.tate Treasurer Edwin P. Farleywill mail to the county supenntend-Mts the first of the month checks)a-nounting to S410.000 which will he.1,. d tn tha rn1 chnnl fennh i purposes.f eretofore this navment has not hn I The promoters of the enterprise planr ade to the taechers until in June,l-t Captain Farley said that theMrs. P. A. Thompson and childrenvisited relatives in Covington Sunday.Mrs. F. J. Cheek, of Danville, "isvisiting friends and relatives in thiscity.Miss Mary Callihan, of Newport,is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. M. H. H.Da is.Mr. Ed Slattery returned yesterday after a -visit of a few days to relatives in Maysville.Mr. Lawrence Price has returnedfrom Cincinnati where he had a slightoperation psriormed.Misses Marguerite and Anna Merringer had as their guests Sunday theS isses Gerans, of Lexington.Mrs. W. L. Dawson has returnpdto her home in Campbellsville after avisit to relatives in this city.Mr. K. W. Becraft left Friday forJacksonville, Fla., and other Southernpoints for the benefit of his health.Mrs. Elliott Ford and baby daughter, Jane, have returned to Paris aftervisiting in Frankfort and Lexington.Mrs. Harry Current, formerly ofParis, is quite ill at her home in Richmond, suffering from euremic poisoning. Sharpsburg World: " MissDorothy Fleming, of near Little Rock,Bourbon county, is visiting her sister,Mrs. Kelly Hunt."Mrs. Rudolph Davis and her mother, Mrs. M. E. Howse, of Carlisle,will return tonight from a two months'trip to California.Miss Nell Marcum, musical director of the Comet Theatre, who hasbeen on a visit to relatives in Jackson,has returned to this city.Mrs. E. M. Dickson returned Saturday night from a two months'visit to her daughter, Mrs. DurandWhipple, in Little Rock, Ark.Mrs. E. F. Spears, Misses Maymieand Elizabeth Spears and Mr. KeithSpears have returned home from Fonda where they spent the winter.Dr. Ben Frank, of New York, isthe guest of relatives for a few days.Dr. Frank is enroute to Florida to joinhis mother and sister who are spendingthe winter there.Mr. Bruce .Miller will rent his farmand move March the first to town. Hewill occupy apartments in the Ken-tuckian-Citieznbuilding. Later hisaunt, Nannie Miller, will come tomake her home with him.Mr. Ed Gorey entertained a fewembers of the local lodge of Hibernians a few nights ago with a luncheonand smoker. Those present wereProf. E. M. Costello, James Higgina,Pat Kane, J. B. Dempsey, John Kane,George Doyle, T. C. Lenihan and Rev.Kitberine Ktnney and Grace McChordand Messrs. Ernest Baheler, ThomasH er ran a Paul Brannon, Luther Mclntrye, Robert Ljsk, Jr., and MerrittSlicer.Met Last Saturday.The Kentucky Association ofWomen's Colleges met Saturday atRnnrbcn College as euests of President and Mrs. M.G. Thompson. Theassociation met in the parlors of thecollege at 10 o'clock a. m., and tookup a discussion of matters pertainingto the higher education of youngwomen.The meeting was followed by a dinner by the host and hostess. The Association is composed of the presidents of the following colleges foryoung women : Hamilton, Sayre andCampbell-Hagerman, Lexington : Caldwell, Danville; M. F. C, Millersburgand Bourbon.INEVERto erect an immense redrying plantwith a capacity of hnadling 100,000-! At i UCUI K.C lUV 1CT. J . VJ. 1JCI11. nniinno at riniiA n lAinrmn i r wi oney was due tne teachers and that UUV , Luu uuy. " Father Eugene DeBruyn.i ,f wnc nni- nniH iv fohnrc ,,,i . ior the plan's has not been discussed iiuve to discount their claims, therebvbut there are a number ofground that would furnish.uFing between $40,000 and $50,000.Watch for the Blue Bird!Arm Broken.Vt bile enroute to Paris from thierI ome in the country Saturday Mr. andMrs. Robert Kerns, who reside on the! snrintr .jtvI cnmmpr mnnt-hq.North Middletosvn pike, narrowlyescaped serious injury when their Watch for the Blue Birdfluggytop came in contact with a- vvatcn rormeDiue Dira.telephone wire, causing the horse tod tl. Tl -i- -unge forward, throwing Mrs. Kerne atones ihrown Ihrotlgh Wini eavily to the ground, breaking her dows,r snt arm near me snouiner and otnerreceiving and shipping facilities.Vaudeville Next Monday.Under the management of Poi tor &Shea, the Paris Grand will open withvaudeville next Monday evening.March G. and continue throughouttracts of Among the guests from Paris andexcellent ! Bourbon who attended the reception atHamilton College in Lexington 3aturday evening were Messrs. Oscar rlinton. Fay Ardery, Harmon Turner,William Bryan, Thumas Moore, TollieYoung, Hugh Ferguson, Charles W.Fithian, Harry Brent Fithian.New Records For..March...BothVictor and EdisonSale February 28.onJUST A FEW OF THEM:Put Your Arm Around Me, HoneFrom Mad. Sherry."That Girl" Quartet,Loving From N. Y. HippodromeProduction Lyric Quartet.( Eli Yale Hayden QuartetMen of Yale March. . .Pry or7 s BandS Oh, That We Two Were Maying.The Story of the Rose.S Think It Over. Mary.( Norine Maureen.) Minstrels No. 18.Down On The Mississippi.For You Alone CarusoGood-Bye (Tosti) CarusoThe World's greatest Tenors' lirs-tSongs in English. Come in and lookover our hundreds of other line selections.:Have we had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautiful inFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized Foulards,Madras, Lawns,White Goods,Embroideries,. . Laces,- - Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.iW. Ed. Tucker.InDaugbtrty BrosParis, Kentucky.FEESCut RateCash SpecialsI Flour:Down goeja the price forthis week. Fairy BrandPatent Flour24 lb. Sack 65c2.60tLardIAbsolutely Pure Lard, Government Inspected. The bestthat money can buy Forthis week per lb.12lCper bushelLPEESv,.se badly bruising her. Mr. Kerns'isnaged to control his horse andreaped injury.Quality, Quality.Jf you want good canned goods andiresh vegetables call 207. If you wantivater and tomatoes buy good tomatoes-nd turn the water on themdon't nuySunday, night six V large windowglasses in the rear end of the Government building were shattered bystones presumably thrown by boys,who taking advantage of the absenceof the nifght watahman, who hadbeen removed a few nights ago to dodestruction. Thee is no clue as tothe perpetrators of the act of vandalism.Mr. Jack Lisle eave a dinner nartvthe j Friday evening ac the Phoenix Hotelin Lexington. The guests were Missesi iaroiyn noseuury, rrances donnson,(Misses Howell, Carlisle; Miss Nan, Gardner. St. Louis ; Margaret Jurey,I Fewee Valley, guests of Miss Johnson,j and Messrs. Solomon Vannerty, Jr.,' Charles W. Fithian, Fay Ardery, andMr. Warheld Gratz.ISpring Designs InnC. P. COOK & CO.Paris FiveBeatsTeam.GeorgetownBasket Ball.In one of the fastest gamest ason, the Parisbasketball teamI'The Paris High 'School and theNicholasville High School basket ball, team will play at Paris High Schoolthe gymnasium Friday night. The visi-carioaos or peopleand root lor theis High School Boys' to.rs wln Dnn two CJi Friday nik'ht defeated ' Ylt the- lurn outte Georgetown five by thecore of 33 , iaris bysitj 24. The former w ere outweighed- the latter but showed good teamwcrk and the result was never inTwo Fined for Scrapping.Mr. Wilson Ingles celebrated theseventieth anniversry of his birth Sundav with 2n elegant course dinner.Those present were his brothers, jMessrs. Ben Ingles, of Lexington, andiioone Ingles, of Carlisle, and sister,Mrs. F. J. Cheek, of Danville. Mr.Ben Ingles was accompanied by hiswife and daudghter. Miss Margaret,Mr. Boone Ingles by his wife and Mrs.Cheek ly her little son, Samuel.The pupils of the eighth grade ofthe Paris High School gave a surpriseparty to their classmate, Miss EllenHenry. Each member of the class appeared at Miss Henry's home on SouthMain street with a basket of refreshments. Music and games were indulged in. Those present were Missesi Margaret Douglas, Christine Bramb-lette, Gertrude Slicer, Liouise Kenney,CarpetsRugsiVjbt. The game was nluved at the' Geneva' Ross. colored, charged withhool gymnasium and was well at- a breacM uf the peace, was before-t-rded. Thompson and Rassenfoss Judce E.lB. January yesterday morn-I"k . 1 .... Cl 0"7 S"ijawes,for' larrde for Paris, whilet' visitors, did the best work.Hams 15c per Pound.We offer for Wednesday and as longas they last extra fancy sugar curedr.ims. The kind that melt in yourn.outh. Run from t2n to twelvei ounds each.FEES'.DudleyRose Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reportshe Dudley-Rose sale on Saturday asHows: Horses, $125 to $200 peread; cows, 6o to $98 per head;slinatsi'J cents per pound : brood sows. $35 to ineM'j.50; tui key hens.FS3.50 each, cob- Sairaser. who is eighty years of(re S nhinLnni! TA nlr. -.,. U. l....mr2J tents per pound; shoulders, 14 centsPer pound ; sides, 16 cents per pound ;lard 13 cents per pound; bees, $3.50 to5 pei stand; bonny 13 cents perrmnd. Farming implements andhousehold effects sold well and thecUendance was laige.ing anu was nnea bi.ov. in a manj Wells, also colored, and on the samecarge, was assessed a fine of $12.50.The couple had engaged in a quarrelon Eighth street at an early hour Sunday morning and it is alleged WellsI struck the Ross woman. Thpy wereI arrested by Patrolman Bishop.j Narrow Escapez Sunday afternoon while drivingalong Seventh street Mrs. HowardLancaster and hei' father, Mr. NoahSagaser, narrowly escaped serious in1 jury when a buggy driven by LemonBerry, colored, collided with them demolishing the vehicle they were driv-and throwing them out. Mr.age,sustained a few bruises. A warantwas issued for Terry yesterday charging him with reckless driving.Paris Boys Before Grand Jury.Watch for the Blue Bird!March Revenue Assignments.Quite an exciting experience befellthe Paris High School basket ballteam, and several students who accompanied them to Richmond to play ithe Model School team, a departmentof the Normal, Wednesday. In roaming over the city taking in the sightstl. j- it - ., . tor tne purpose ox kimiiik time uiiLiiJnhtlfo& -' t0, Julius . Keller & Co.. Paris; J, P. J S ' ln session. wasra.lc-ay ' " ian"er-. uot:i stationed in a position so that'dd7tini p n r f rorrooa! saw Ibe lads when enteringlufffL11- J?' ,..GrTant, malroom,!Smn Owing to the youngii rnJE'10' U' ny anaithe bunch, they jet a spy to watch.. '"" attcii"r P. Thomas. Kiserton:: C. L.Hough, day; W. W.Cherry, additional-nd bottling ; W. G. Cook, gauger.C G. White Co.. Paris: J. M Kua1 II. day; Clay Cisco, additional andJ "tiling; W. It. Car ra way, -additional ;W. G. Cook and A. V. Cjmbs,gwif era.Watch f or the Blre Bird!theythe poollooks ofifany played. Sheriff McCord was thedetective, and when the lads hadfinished their game, he invited themto go with hira to the grand jury room,which they, for the moment protested,but yielded. As all of them wereminors, several indictments-were returned atrainst the proprietor, More-Everything ForThe Chickens !Galvanized VarmentProof Coops.Galvanized WaterersandFeed Fountains,Chick and Chicken Feeds.Grits and Oyster Shell.AlsoBest Grade Dairy Feed.Horse Feeds, Etc.Verkes $ Kenney,Paris, Ky-Lace Curtains,Linoleums Mattings,,Wall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent Price inCentral Kentucky.A Specially Good HandVacuumCleanerTo introduce this cleaner Iwill make a special price of$7.50For Ten DaysFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286.J. T. HINTON.WmrytmMmiSIIof:Ilmsd Creekmere. The Paris team metMeat by a"score;of 25 to 1?.jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARISH" KENTUCKY, FEB. 2fif, 19ll.!HHave You Tried It?There is a bottle of Cardui waiting for you at thedrug store. Have you tried it?If not, we urge you to do so, before your troubleshave obtained such a hold on you, that nothing will drivethem out A ,LEven now, it may be nearly too late. But try it anyhow. If anything can help you, Cardui will. It has helpedin thousands of cases, where other medicines had beentried in vain. Why should it not do the same for you?? CARDUIJ45The Woman's Tonic"My daughter, Octava, would have been in her gravetoday, had it not been for that fine medicine, Cardui,"writes Mrs. Laura Lawrence, of Drennon Springs, Ky."Nothing I tried helped my daughter, until she hadtaken Cardui. I had sent for the doctor, when I thoughtof your medicine and got a $1 bottle. When she hadtaken four doses she became all right I- often recommendCardui to my friends."Your druggist sells Cardui with full instructions for useon the bottle.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dcpl, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Sftdal Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment lor Women," tent free.A Tabor. Story.Count Uoyenta, Mme. ModJeskaViiusband, was arranging with SenatorTabor for Modjeska's first appearancein Denver, and the founder of dramatic art In Denver asked what parts sheplayed."Well," said the count, "there is'Mary Stuart.'""Who wrote it?" asked Tabor."Schiller," said the count."Is he a first class dramatist?" asked Tabor."Surely, surely," said the count."Die is most illustrious.""Humph! Never heard of him,"commented Tabor. "'What else doesshe do?"" 'As You Like It,' 'Antony and Cleopatra,' '.Macbeth' ""Who wrote them?""Shakespeare.""How's he? Good writer?""Excellent, excellent.""Well," said Tabor ruminatively,"those fellows may be all right as authors, but they ain't well enoughknown to suit the people out here.What we want is something popular,something that everybody's heard of.I tell you what you do you get her togive us something of Iloyt's!"5 To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most RemarkableDndurance Feat of the Season of 1910.EHfcarf. BSJBSSA1BSSSSSSSS9$ 1m BSS " 'Km i SJfc ' ' ' tA stock car left Quebec, Canada, Juno 6th, and after an uninterruted jurney of 4,128 milesarrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.One of the first of the 1911 modelsban,"" won a unique distinction by theto reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger "Suber-Rd$bItThe FamousGives the Best Light at Any PriceWhen you pay more than the Rayoprice for a lamp, you are paying for extradecorations that cannot add to the qualityof the light. You can't pay for a betterlight, because there is none. An oil lighthas the least effect on the human eye, andthe Rayo Lamp is the best oil lamp made,though low in price. You can pay $5, $10,or $20 for some other lamp, and althoughyou get a more costly lamp, you can'tget a better light than the white, mellow,diffused, unflickering light of the lowpriced Rayo.Has a strong, durable shade-holder. This setson's burner adds to the strength and appearance.Made of solid brass, nickeled, and easily polished.Once a Rayo User, Always OneJers Everywhere. Ifr.ct aiyours, wile for descripilvtcircular to the r.tcrezt agency ojir.eStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)ii-.-" J Lii if, - iBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB9rIP KRt?- LJBV DeawmmmmMPWP&wXwfr Sir WRimmmmmmmmmDon't Forget Great ClearanceSale Few Days Longer.Greatest Bargains you ever heard of in Hamburgs, Whitegoods, Laces, Percales, Dressgoods,Silks, Cottons and Calicos.Special BuI!etin--500 pairs Ladies'white foot hose 8 1 -3c pair.Big bargains in Ladies' and , Misses' Suits,Skirts, Coats, Shoes and Millinery.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!Don't Forget theCashRaising SaleIs Still Going: on atTwin Bros.Clothing and Shoe Department.Harry Simon's Old Stand.Fearful Fate of Ravaillac.In these days when executions, ifheld at all, are mosllj carried out inprivate, it is difficult for us to under- Istand the feelings of savagery with jwhich an old time mob witnessed apopular execution. Here is BloundelleBurton's account from "The Fate of ,, Henry of Navarre" of the scene whenItavaillac, the assassin of the king, j' had, after shocking tortures, been tornasunder by wild horses: "The execu, tioner had begun to dismember himand was about to cast his remains intothe bccond caldron when the vast? crowd prevented him from doing so. !They each required a. portion of the ji body of the Icing's assassin, and most ,S of them obtained one. That nightI many bonfires blazed in and around' Paris, and in their midst were consumed pieces of Ravaillac's frame; onbarn doors in other places were nailedsiinilaand owed as a waruinir to others of theirLongest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom.The motor was started December 2nd, and was run continuously, not even stopping whenthe car was at rest taking on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,974.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had placedthe figures at-a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record was 10,872 miles. The run was under theauspices of the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night.Flanders Cars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual running"expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent, per mile. For sale byBourbon Oarage and Supply Co.Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association Thinkof it. How the merit of a good thingstands out in that time or the worthlessness of a bad thing. So there isno guesswork m this evidence of Thosr scraps of his body, as hawks noessworKintnisevicienceoiTiiosivls and carrion crows were nail- Assj ' .5?"cI',3J!?i,r10 w"tesi n;ivi iishji ur. iinp" mpw i iisonv. ierv for thirtv vears. and if. is thp. best, tbreed." cough and cold cure I ever used.,,ij Once it finds entrance in a home you 'Grant and Pickett. t can't pry it out. Many families have iXew evidence that the great men used it forty years. It is the most inare the true men true to themselves, fallible throat and lung medicine onto their country and to their friends earth. Uncqualed for lagrippe, as-annears in a storv told in Colonel Xich- uima, nayiever, croup, quiusy or soreolas Smith's book, "Grant, the Man ofMystery."While Grant was president GeneralG. E. Pickett, who led the fatal charge jagainst the Union forces the last day j Dateing Eggs. !at Gettysburg, called at the White i a rubber btamp to be' worn on aHouse to pay his respects. Grant knew finger so thai henan egg is picked 'that his old comrade at West Point J up the date will be imprinted on the Ihad been made a poor man by the, j shell is a recent invention.war ana ouereu mm tue marsnaismpof Virginia. While sorely needing help, jGeneral Pickett knew the heavy draft IIlungs. Price o0 cents and $1.00Trial bottle free. Guaranteed byOberdorfer.rTTTrrr-noaiawm racKmg lx.,"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.AH pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.made upon the president bj ollice seekers.'Toil can't afford to do this for me,"he said, "and I can't alford to lake it.""I can afford to do anything I pleasethat is right," Grant replied quietly.The Difference.i "How's the patient this morninjj heard he was In a semi-conscious condition from toxic food." "Not that, exactly; doctor said ho was in a catamose condition from potamaine poisoning."For sale by allfirst-class grocers) Peppered Ice Cream.' "There's pepper in that," said a res' taurant waiter, pointing to a smallI silver shaker he had placed beside ai heaping dish of ice cream he was car,' ring to a guest. "Sure, it's to put onthe ice cream, too," ho replied whenan inquirer failed to see the connection between the two."Lots of folks want to nut -pepperon their ices. You see, if a man'sstomach is sensitive the cold creamj hurts him, but pepper is stimulatingJ enough to overcome the effects of the' cold. And the funny thing is that youj don't taste the pepper at all. The icecream is so cold that it kills the oth-j er. If you don't believe it I'll giveI you some with pepper, and you'll find! that there's no taste of pepper thereat all."There wasn't. New York Sun.Iand'dealers.Baldwin Packing Co.Miles' Grave."Which is the deepest, the longest,the broadest and the smallest gravein the churchyard?" said a pedestrianto his companion while meditatingamong the tombs in the burying ground Jat Esher."Why,"GBTIIBBHCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLETREATME XT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayrf boi'fi, kills ambition, often causes1 1- ot j-puetite, and reaches to gen-i oral deluli v. kliocr and insanity. Itntds at niion at once. Cure it byi taking liotaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Afcthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery svmpthom of catarrh. B. r. B.IParis, Kentucky.iifliflHBMaifeMflla AHMHMMMMA-'' wm 'mm&mmmmmmmmm w vaMiBV VISALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-Class3MT. 0 3NT XT 1L E3 3X" T SWe are offering: four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed iu everv particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and granite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be ottered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal. ""Wm. Mams & SonIreplied his companion, "itsends a tingling flood of warm, rich, 'pure blood direct to the paralj'zed 'is that in which poor Miles Button lies , nerves, and parts aifected by catarrburied, for it contains Miles below thesod, Miles in length and Miles inbreadth, and yet, after all, it is but aButtonhole." Pearson's Weekly.Effect of Tight Lacing.i "Is tight lacing unwise:" a teacher, asked a young lady in a physiology' lesson."Yes, it is very unwise," was the rei ply."Why Is it unwise?" the teacher pursued. j "Because it busts the corset," said' the j-oung lady. Exchange.hal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, and .m teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for iitme cure. 'Samples sent free by writing Blood 'Balm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.l 42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones J. MIIMIIn V J"Maniacs.Not all the lunatics are behind thebars. Charleston (S. C.) News andCourier.Quite so. There are yet a few menat largo who try to do business withniit advertising. New York Herald.Carries Most SandDistinguishing Marks.Willie How do you manage to tel) ithose twin sisters apart? CecilIVhen you kiss oue of them shethreatens to tell her ma, while the oth-2V when kissed says she will tell pa.raGoing Too Far.Baldheaded Man (in the witnessbox) The violent disorder was so terrible that it made my hair stand onend. Judge (severely) Be good enoughto remember that you are on oath!It is not go much being exempt fromfaults as having overcome them thatis an advaitage to us.SupeHor Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold t the same price.It is also lowest in Magnesia fraction of I per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.UbIob Trust Building, Cinctan&ti, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland. Cement Ce.STOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Bettor Than WmumWMIAnd CertainlyJNone Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetetl'Stove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a Trial.KingMain Street,Redmon.Paris, Ky.Sit-'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB 28, 1911.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIK EFFECT FEB. 2,TrainsNo.3113 iFROMAtlanta, Ga., DailyLexington, Ky., Daily . .Maysville, Kyi, Daily Except Sunday 'Cynthiana. Ky., Daily Except SundayRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . " 'Lexington, Ky . Daily Except Sunday .,Cincinnati, O., Dcily .Maysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky,, Daily .Cincinnati, O., DailyLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCynthiana, Ky., Dailj Except SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky.. DailyKnoxville, Tenn.. DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily."Cincinnati, O , Daily Except SundayLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday J. . .Lexington, Ky., Daily .Jacksonville, Fla., DailyLexington, Ky.. DailyCincinnati, O., Daily..7l2'J1040373123326251)1353S539S303i21431Traixis De-psirtIno. 1 TO34. Cincinnati. 0., Daily ,4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday11 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday40 Cincinnati, 0. , Daily Except Sunday.. . fc.10 Maysvilie, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily37 Knoxilie, Tenn., DailyS3 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily133 Lexington, Ky., Daily6 Maysville, K." Daily26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday33 Cincinnati, O., Daily . .T9 Rowland, Kv., Dailj Except Sunday39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday32 Cincinnati, O, Daily13 Lexington, Ky., Daily8 Maysville, Ky., Daily! Except Sunday3 0 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday3 1 Lexington, K., Daily .31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily.II 1 IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday OnlyTrains 3De;pirttfo. TO301 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday1 Frankfort. Ky , Daily Except Sunday ..3 F ankfort, Ky, Daily Except SundayEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges at'Paris, Millersburg," North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills.;When"you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedlave Yon Any RMflf INNFRIIN LINED MANTLEanit TrnnMo? E uUVlft lllllLillLiUl ond Your Troubles are OrnncrEai outlast six ordinary mantles. Will ve 75& on 70'jr mantle cspenxe. TWO COMPLE1GAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE, 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save th box covers from 12 BlocVy-lal-ty Mantles the best 10 and 15-cent grade of mantles sold take Ihcm to your dealer, csend them to us, and gel a biock innernn unea manue irec.For le at Hardware, CKaa, Plumbing. Drug, Grocery, and Department Stores. Dcalciwrite fcr our Dccriptrre Circular and New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO., (s.u,.) Youngs to wn,OhiHeadquarters for Incaadecceat Maatles, Burners and Supplies of everyda criytioa. Gas, Gaaolia, Kcm , High Pr cure, etcjgaw--JrggMr'r?it4"" gggSk HgggfifiEHrGEO. W. DAVISFUNEIAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBA1ME8.BOTH'PHONES-DAY137; NIGHT 209.1910. AT 11:59 P. M.Arrive....5 26.....3.23...7.28... 7.2.1...7.ou...S.12...9.40..10.0510.05...10.10..11.50...3.10...3.15...3.22...3.25...5.40...5.40...6.21)...6 25...6 27..10.27..10:10amamamamamamamamamamampmpm Ipmpm Jpmpm jamDmpmpmpm. .5.33 am..5.35 am. .7.35 am..7.35 am..S.20 am..S.20 am..t).4i am..9.46 am.10.15 am.10.18 am.11.52 am.11.51 am.3.30 pm. .3.35 pm. .5.48 pm..5.50 pm.6.32 pm.6.35 pm..6.35 pm.6.45 pm.10.48 pm.10.50 pm. . 8.15am..3.30 pm..6.22 pm.10.10 pm.7.(0 am.7.35 am.9.-15 am.5.55 amyou! A Buttered Book.How the JtevMr. Jobuston, a Scottish minister and the author ot numerous books, succeeded in gettingone of his works reviewed by Alexander Russel, i he dlstlnguisbod editorof the Scotsman, is told by tbe writerof "Famous Editors."A member of .Mr. .Johnston's congregation was an old and valued servantin Mr. Riissel's family. When thepreacher published his new book heasked this member to bring it underthe notice of her master, with the request to review it in the columns ofthe Scotsman. Glad to be of serviceto her master, tbe good woman lostno time in making her wish known tothe celebrated editor and next morning placed "The Gospel Roll" besidehis breakfast cup.When at breakfast Mr. Russel tookup the book and remarked, with amerry twjnkle in his. eye, "Helen, thisis an awful dry roll which you havegiven me this morning.""Perhaps it is, sir," the servantquickly replied, "but you can butterit weel on both sides."Next morning an excellent reviewappeared.Conkling and Thurman.Senator Roscoe Conkling was onceaddressing tbe senate in an impassioned manner and seemed to direct hisremarks to Senator Thurman. Atlength the latter got irritated."Does tbe senator from New York,"he roared, "expect me to answer himevery time ho turns to me?"For a moment Mr. Conkling hesitated, and everybody expected a terrificexplosion. Then, with an air of exquisite courtesy, he replied:"When I speak of the law I turn tothe senator from Ohio as the Mussulman turns toward Mecca. I turn tohim as I do to the English commonlaw as the world's most copious fountain of human jurisprudence."The usually decorous senate brokeinto a storm of applause, and theThurman eye moistened a little. Thetwo statesmen were the best offriends and greatly enjoyed each other's society when "off duty."A Wetter if Not a Better Man.A little man in the west of Englandrushed to the river last summer, swearing loudly that he would drown himself. When he had waded in tothe depth of his waist his wife, whohad followed him, seized him by thehair, and then, as a local editor described it, she led him back till hereached a place where the water wasabout two feet deep, where she pulledhim over backward and soused himunder and pulled his head up again."Drown yourself (down he went),leaving me to father the brats! (Another plunge.) Get drunk (anothersouse) and start for the river! (Another dip.) Cotter use the water instead of rum! (Another dip and shakeof the head.) I'll l'arn ye to leave mea widow!" After sozzliug him to herheart's content she led him out awetter If not a belter man and escorted him into the house and closed thedoor.The Gordian Knot.The famous (Joulian knot was madeof leather taken from some part ofthe harness belonging to the chariot ofGordius, king of Phrygia. It seemsthat this knot was so tied that theends of the leather thong were not visible, hence the difficulty in looseningit. Many must have tried to untie it,for its fame as a "sticker" at lastreached the great oracle, which declared that the lucky experimenter shouldbe rewarded by the kingship of Persia. Alexander, trying his hand andmeeting with no better success thanthe others, drew his sword and cutinto the knot until he found the endsof it.Right to the Point.When the lord, chief justice visitedIreland he was often entertained bya hospitable gentleman who had an oldbutler, who took'the privilege of speaking his mind freely. On one occasionthe claret did not quite meet the host'sapproval, so he called the ancient butler and said:"I told you you were to put the bestclaret on the table. Is this the best?""No, sorr, it is not the best claret,"replied the old fellow, "but it's thebest ye've got." London Tit-Bits.Knew He Was Worshioed."Iu Paris Mr. Whistler and an English painter got into a very turbulentargument about Velasquez at a studiotea," said an artist "Mr. Whistler atone point in the argument praised himself extravagantly. The Englishman,listening, sneered and said at the end:" 'It's a good thing we can't see ourselves as others see us.'" 'Isn't it, though?' said Mr. Whistler.'I know in my case 1 should grow intolerably conceited.' "Theology and the Thermometer.A point of theology is raised by SirFrancis Younghusband in "India andTibet." "An interesting detail," hesays, speaking of the religion of thenatives, "is that I heir hell is not hot,but cold. If it were hot the inhabitants of frozen Tibet would all flockthere."Clever Auntie.Traveler It seems wonderful thatJapanese dentists can take out teethwith their lingers. Little JackAuntie can take out hers with herfingers every one of 'em!Perfection.Perfection docs not exist. To understand it is the triumph of human intelligence; to desire to possess it is tbemost dangerous kind of madness. Alfred de Mnsott.Sin every day takes oat a patenter;oni new invention.-? Wulppl.H Obsyed OrJr.General Dabney U. Maury in his"Incidents of General T. J. Jackson"says that when the war between thestates broke out Jackson was the professor of mathematics at the MilitaryCollege of the South. . lie wishedstrongly to take command of a cadetcorps, but the heads of the Institu-j iiuu hciu uusuuus io unve mm con-tinue his teaching. Governor WiseJ called out the state troops and orderedthat a corps of cadets bo held readyfor immediate service. Jackson, thenmajor, reported at once at tbe guardroom as ready for duty. OeneralI Smith said:"Major Jackson, you will remain asyou are until further orders."Jackson at that moment was sittingon a camp stool in the guardroom withhis saber across his knees. At reveillethe next morning he was found in thesame position."Why, major, why arc you here?" exclaimed General Smith."Because last night you ordered moto remain where I was," was the reply.Royal Jewels In Pawn.The ex-Sultan Abdul Aziz pawned all'his crown jewels for a million francsat the Mont do Piete at Paris, andthey were only just redeemed by theMoorish government in time to prevent their being sold among other unredeemed goods.The sword of state, which is regarded in Servia as a sacred relic, was alsopawned by a former king, while onewell known European monarch foundhimself in such straitened circum-i stances that the famous house of At-tenborough once temporarily had possession of all his old silver.Queen Isabella was, however, themost famous royalty who made nosecret of the fact that she raised money upon the security of the portraitsof her ancestors, "which hung on thewalls at the palace Catile, her Parisian home. The royal lady often declared how deeply she was indebted toher royal forbears for coining to herrescue and helping her out of her financial predicaments. London M. A. V.The Road to Success.Just tack this up somewhere whereyou can see it:Success consists in getting out ofyourself everything that's in j'ou. Itdoes not consist in doing almost quiteas much or a little more than the other fellow. What the other fellow doesdoesn't amount to a dent in a doorknob so far as you are concerned.The fact that ho succeeds by layingan Atlantic cable, building an Eiffeltower, inventing wireless telegraphy orcornering the world's supply of oildoesn't make you a failure because youhaven't got enough ready money tobu; an automobile. You're successfulwhen you put to some useful purposeevery ounce of energy, every grain ofgray matter, every mite of muscle thatyou've got. You're successful whenyou've developed all there is to youand have given that to the world.Pittsburg Gazette-Times.A Hard Hearted People.Filial piety finds no place in Tibetancharacter. It is no uncommon thingfor a son to turn his father, when tooold for work, out of doors and to leavehim to perish in the cold. The supi rtition that the souls of the dead can,if they will, haunt the living drivestheir hardened natures to gain by theexercise of cruelty the promise of thedying that they will not return toearth. As death approaches the dyingperson is asked, "Will you come backor -will you not?" If he replies thathe will they pull a leather bag overhis head aud smother him. If he sayshe will not he is allowed to die inpeace.A Lightning Change Artist.The rapidity with which chameleonschange their color is marvelous. Yougather one from an outdoor shrub andit immediately becomes dark, almostblack, hissing and with its mouth wideopen, threatening to bite. Meanwhileit is never still, but continues to crawlupward whenever possible up you, upyour sleeve, always upward. By degrees the augry black changes intowhatever color is nearest. If one'sdress is of a brownish color so is thechameleon's.The Real Thing."This," said the young benedict whowas just realizing that he had caughta tartar, "is what I call real marriedlife.""I'm glad you're satisfied with something," she snapped."Oh, I'm not! I merely meant to inform you that it is not ideal." Philadelphia Ledger.His Good Action.A little Canadian boy went to bedand then suddenly recollected that hehadn't done one good action that day.His conscience was gnawing at him.lie heard a little squeal In the cornerof his room, and he got up and released a mouse that had been caughtin the trap. Then he gave it to thecat.Expsnsivo Fiction."Is that picture really a work ofart?""I don't know," replied Mr. Cumror,"but the story the dealer told meabout It surely was." WashingtonStar.Enough Said."Thrifty, is she?""Thrifty! I won't go into a longdiscourse. I merely tell you that shebanks money in December." Washington Herald.His Oiltmma."For $200 I'll fix your teeth 30 youran chew without -difficulty.""If I was to give you $2Q0 I couldn't;I et anything to chew on Mft.Fox a a Gamcsttr. " "Charles James Fox, the Englishstatesman, was even more notorious iuthe gaming world than he was famousin the world of politics. lie hadsquandered $230,000 before coming ofage. He became one of the most profii-Igate gamesters of the vicious days Inwhich he lived. Some of his finest displays in debate were sandwiched between excitement such as would unnerve most men who had no seriousbusiness on hand. Walpole has given,a glimpse of a typical passage In thisextraordinary man's life. He had totake part in the discussion on thethirty-nine articles in parliament on acertaiu Thursday. He had sat up playing hazard from Tuesday evening until5 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon. Anhour before he had recovered SGO.OOOthat ho had lost and 1)3 dinner time,which was 5 o'clock, ended losing $53,000. Oil Thursday he spoke in thedebate, went to dinner at past 11 atnight; thence to a club, where hedrank till 7 the next morufcg; thenceto a gambling house, where he won$30,000, and between 3 and 4 in theafternoon he set out on a journey toXewmarket.Pirates and Strategy.The virtuous island of Sark was notalways so. When Edward III. wasking, Sark was a haunt of pirates andwreckers. Sir A. Conan Doyle in "Sir"igcl" tells how they lived not uponthe island, "but from -what they cangather upon the sea around it. Theyare broken folk from all countriesjustice fliers, prison breakers, reavers,escaped bondsmen, murderers andstaff breakers who have made theirway to this outlaud place and hold itagainst all comers." The merchantsof Rye and Winchelsea fitted out anexpedition against those scourges ofthe narrow seas. A landing was obtained by strategy. Leave was obtained to bury a supposititious deadsailor on the island, the burying partyto come unarmed. But that apparentcoffin was filled with weapons, and sowas Sark cleansed of its evil inhabitants. London Standard.Traffic on the Rhine.Traffic on the Rhine continues toIncrease substantially.Free SampleFor Baby's IllsSomething can and must be donefor the nunv. crvinir babv. for thechild that refuses to eat and is restless in its sleep. And since the basisof all health is the proper workingof the digestive organs, look first tothe condition of the stomach andbowels.A child should have two full and freemovements of the bowels a day. Thl3emptying of the bowels is very important,as with it comes a clear head, a lightness of step, good appetite and soundsleep. Eut it is equally important toknow what to give the child In theemergency of constipation and Indigestion. Cathartics are too strong and saltsand other purgatives 'are not 'only toostrong, but the child refuses them because of their bad taste. Have you evertried Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin? It Isa liquid tonic that families havo beenusing for a quarter of a century. It Isrnild, pleasant-tasting and promptly effective It is good for you as well asthe child, but there is nothing better tobe found for children. They like its tasteyou will not have to force them totake it.,iFiT.st f,a11- ,f yu have not yet usedIt. Dr. Caldwell would like to send youa sample bottle free of charge. In thisway you can try It before buying. Later,when convinced of its merits, you canget it of your druggist at fifty cents andone dollar a bottle, just a3 thousands ofother families are doing. The family ofMr. D. W. Spangler of Strattonvllle, Pa..as well as that of Mr. A. P. Johnson ofWalnut Grove. Tenn.. started with it Inthat way and now write that It Is theirone family necessity next to food itself.If you are unfortunate enough to have asickly child, one given to constipationand Indigestion, you should send for afree sample of this remedv.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give you any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case In aletter and he wilt reply to you in detail.For the free sample simply send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress Is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.500 Caldwell building". Monticello. 111....DID YOU KNOW...That I Build All Kids ofI DO. 1 also buy and pay more money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for all kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and Purs.BEEP HIDES. Until further'noticej will pay you from7 1-2 cents to 8 cents per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St., Phone 374"ST- LOO AND A 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fasteftson of the mighty Allerton 2:0'JX. champion to high wheels and the greattsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinnej2:11. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:lof; -wai thichampion racing stallion of 90 i -1905; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:07; sis-year-old record 2:05;seven-year-old record 2 :03s i" ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 POR ANORAR 36915, Trial 2.1, Trot lingBrown horse. 16 hands hich, sdlendid bone and substance; aired byWilkes 2:18. dam Episode 2:18 bv Ambassador 2:21 j, erandara Santoaof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. ForJ (3) 2:0))i) by Grand 3fcil$15 fOR A LIVING FOAL , ,W. A BACON, Maplehur4FaTn, Paris, KentvcNURSING MOTHERS Cshow the beneficial, effects ofScott's Emulsionin a very short time. Itnot only builds her up,but enriches the mother'smilk and properly nourishes the child.Nearly all mothers whonurse their children shouldtake this splendid foodtonic, not only to keepup their own strength butto properly nourish theirchildren.TOR SALE B7 ALL DRDGGI3T3I Seiui inc., name of paper and this ad. for oar.i bc.iTit:til SaritiG Baalc and Child's Sketch-Book, i.Each bank contaias a Good Luck Peony. JSCOTT & BOYVNE. 409 Pearl St. New YorkVarden&SonLet us fill jyourPrescript i o n s .pure drugs J andprompserviceaVarden 8 Son.Druggist;Play Before Bedtime.Give the children their tea early, sothat they can have a good play before going to bed. This play will induce a healthy tiredness and sleepwill soon follov.Attack Like Tigers.In fighting-to keep the blood purethe white corpscles attack like tigersdisease germs. But often germs multily so fast the little Gghters are overcome. Then see pimples, boils, eczema, saltrheum and sores multiply andstrength and appetite fail. This condition demands Electric Bitters toregulate stomach, liver and kidneysand to expel poisons from the blood."They are the best blood purifier,"vrites C. T. Budahn, of Tracy, Calif.,"I have ever found." They makerich, red blood, strong nerves andbuild up your health. Try Them.50 cents at Oberdorfer;s.Proof Positive."Thrifty, is sher "Thrifty? Iwon't go into a long discourse. Imerely tell you that she banks moneyin December."Accuse of Stealing;.E. E. Chamberlain, of Clinton, Me.,boldly accuses Bucklen's Arnica Salveof stealing the sting from burns orscalds the pain from sore3 of allkinds the distress from boils or pilee.'It robs cuts, corns, bruises or injuries of tbeir terror," he says, "as asa healing remedy its equal dont exst. Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Paris, Kyi.LIVING fOAL. x.-sry i . - - p yT ."v5f' r- . t -irir"?"15";rfF?7" V--TH BOURBON NEWSfc PAItfS; aCHCTUeRYp FER 28 clll.""W- v-- a. -t- -59W.ra.Iiii1NILLEISBU1G ITEMS.rMr. R. M. Caldwell was in Maysville Wednesday and Thursday.Dr. W. M. Miller attended the automobile display at Cincinnati Thursday.Call on us for the best fertilizers foryour plant beds. Supply just received.2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mr. Herbert Payne and sister. MissBesaie, of Cynthiana. spent Thursdaywith their sister, Mrs. J. T. Judy.Mrs. Wililam Judy, of Lexington,arrived Wednesday as the guest of herbrothers, Messrs. E. M. and O. W.Ingles.5ee my handsome line cl souvenirspoons, of both colleges, hand enrgavd.14 4t AARON McCONNELL.Mrs. J. B. Cray and daughter, Miss j tour of Texas.Louise. have returned after a few; Miss Mary aicDaniel, who is teachJaya visit to Mr. ana Mrs. Earl Cur-, ing near Lexington, was at home Satrant, at Lexington. ( urday and Sunday.All daily papers can be secured here-; T Bourbon News is offering flatafter in the jewelry store of Mr. Aaron terin inducements from now until theMcConnell. Don t xait to call there first of March to the readers. This isEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari LciirtheYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.BAR COHEN.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.IOverCSpecials for Quick Clearance !Ail Discontinued Winter Footwear at Great Reductions.Come and Buy While we Have Your Size..DAN COHEN336 Main Street, Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNwhen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HornJournal. ,3 4t R. M. UALDWELL, Agent.Mr. T. D. Judy is' among the sick.Mr. and Mrs. S. K. Proctor movedto their farm Friday.Mr. Thn3. McClintock is out after alight attack of lagrippe.Mr. E. M. Neal and Mrs. ElizabethDodson continue about the same.Rev. Lusk preached at the Baptistchurch Sunday morning and evening.Mr. S. C. Bascom, of Owingsville,was here on business Friday and Saturday. Mr. and Mrs. Silas Roberson, ofI Carlisle, were'guests of Mrs. AmericaButler Friday.Mr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel returned Saturday after a three weeks'M'f fq Company,IncorporatedPARIS, KY.WALK-OVERSHOES CzrttOSorriJw M iv l-Tjr-, MV(Sf o ' LfvrrAt MJf P'Fixed Ideas9Our "Fixed Idea" is to sell Shoes thatare so good and that fit so well thateverybody who tries one pair will wantanother. That's why we sell Walk-Shoes and fit them"Walk-Over" Way, (to exact foot measurement.)We suggest that youtry the "Walk-Over"Way just once. Youwon't need to be askeda, second time.- Tft. Ta' spleodid opportunity 'td get yoifcounty' pap'er in connctiem with something else at exceedingly low nitesTDon't fail to read the following : TheKentucky Farmer and Bourbon Newsone year for $2.00 ; The 'daily CourierJournal, except Sunday, four months,and the Bourbon News one year for$2.25; the daily Courier Journal, except Sunday, eight months, end Bourbon News one year $3.00. Leave yourorders with24 8t R. M. CALDWELL, Agent.Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hinton, ofParis, spent Sunday with Mr. J. J.Peed and family.Mrs. W. V. Shaw left Saturday fora visit to her mother, Mrs. Hardingand family at Butler.Mr. J. G. Smedley returned Thursday after a two weeks' sojourn ?tMartinsville, Ind.,much improved.We have just received a car of goodanawa Salt.PEAL.E COLLIER & CO.Mr. Lee Brown, of Paris, spentThursday with his mother, Mrs. Hettie Brown, and family.Mr. John M. Thorn and childrenhave returnee1 after a protracted visitMEM-T?3Mrthein1Ji'JnSxto .relative in" SoutV-Carolina. 'Mrs,Thornwisr compelled to remain awhile longer on account of the illneasof -her mother.Mr. G. L. Hill and family wereguests of relatives at Cynthiana fromSaturday until Monday.Mrs. W. G. McClintock, of Paris,was the guest of her mother, Mrs. M.R. Collier, Sunday and Monday.Call on us for the best fertilizers fcryour plant beds. Supply just received.2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mr. James Wood and family of Stanford, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. S.M. Allen from Friday until Monday.Mr. C. W. Howard and family ofLexington, spent Friday with relativesl here. Mrs. Howard remaineduntil Monday.Mr. and Mrs. Commodore Grinnell.of Cynthiana, were guests ot herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry SheelerSaturday night and Sunday.Mr. C. H. Jones and family havemoved to the cottage of Mr. J. J.Lamb on Vimont street from Mt.Streling. Mr. Jones purchased a farmfrom Conncl Bros, some time since.Mr. J. F. McDaniel, Jr., who hasbeen acting as cashier of the Exchange Bank in the absence of hisfather, returned to his duties at theFarmer's National Bank at CynthianaMonday.Mrs. Reynolds Becraft'and littleson, Ralph, was the guest of hermother, Mrs. Ani.ie Jefferson fromFriday until Monday, Mrs. Jeffersonaccompanying them home, where shewill remain while Mr. Becraft is absent in Florida.We want news for the BourbonNews. We want it fresh. Those having news items for publication willplease call me Home phor 82 or leavesame at postoffice or be i rnon HomeTelephone Exchange.1R. M. CALDWELL, Corrc-pondent.One of the largest stock t ' s everheld here was that of Vimcnt & Mclntrye Saturday beginning at ) o'clocka. m. and continuing until ai-ii-i four.It had been well advertised and theweather, which had been unpropitiousduring the entire week, became mildand bright on that day. From sixhundred to eight hundred people werepresent. The bidding was spirited,considering the large amount of stockoffered The sale, however, lost alittle of its life near the close as itwas getting late and it is claimed bysome that a few of the horses did notbring as much as they otherwisewould have done. Most of the largecrowd present was served with burgooat noon. Auctioneer Speakes, of Paris,was in charge. About 15U head ofsheep, 150 head of hogs and shoats, 40head of milk cows, 100 cattle and 100horses and mules constitute the sale.Brood sows sold from SU to $30 ;shoatsS7 to $8.50; sheep, $4.40 to $7.35;cows, $40 to $100; cattle, $35 to $65;mules in pairs, S320 to S470 mules,single, So".50 to 2'22.5!J: horses,aingle, C-07.5') to S222..50; and drafthorse in pairs $400 to $.100. g ifeCut-Out Petitions Presented LeBus.The Pendelton County Board of Control of the Burley Tobacca Societyhaving adopted resolutions to raise notobacco this year is urging PresidentLeBus to call a meeting of the District Board for consideration of thecut-out question with the recommendation that it be indorsed. Petitionsfrom mpmbers of the Burley TobaccoSociety in Fayette, Mason and othercounties have been presented.President LeBus is still silent on thesubject, but men close to him say thathe will not call a special meeting, feeling that the question will be fully considered at the regular meeting of theDistrict Board, the sacond Tuesday inMarch.The purpose of the meeting of theExecutive Committee of the BurleyTobacco Union called for Tuesday nextremains unexplained. There is, howver.'conjecture that it has to do withthe cut-out.Sheep Breeders' Meeting.The Sheep Breeders' Association ofKentucky held its annual meeting inMt. Sterling Friday night and changedthe time of meeting to January, inLexington.There was a good attendance andmany new members were enrolled, whowill make a hard fight to raise thequarantine in Kentucky at one.The following oflicprs were electedfor the ensuing year W. T. Cain,Fallsburg', president; Hen Macklin, ofFraukfort, vicepresident, and VY. T.Chilton, of Campbellsburg, secretaryand treasurer.South Yards Completed.""The Louisville and Nashville yardsin South Paris have been completedand the contractors, D. B. Lacy &Sons, have moved the greater part oftheir construction camp, a portion ofwhich was transported to Bardstownand Louislville and the remainder sentto the South.Heroine Rewarded by President.Miss Nettie Casfcey, of Fairmount,Ind, was awarded a medal by President Taft for rescue of a child fromdeath beneath the wheels of a locomotive near her home in March, 1910.t rrr'TT"WrapedCakesThey Sweeten the Disposi. tion of the Whole Family.I A Scientific Combination ofAll Thai's Good.IWrapped in Wax PaperPackages. .So to eliminate all that'sbad. -FFFCCriticised.In a reDcrt filed with the GovrenorFriday State Inspector Kenzie Toddjcriticises the carelessness of manyCircuit Clerks of the State in .raking icertificates of witness claims in whichwitnesses entitled to but one day's attendance get three days. He will senda letter to the clreks about the alleged practice. The report was writtenfollowing an inspection of trie countyoffices of Marion county. From thiscounty the inspector turns $128.18 intothe treasury and from Todd county$50.93.Viall Dismissed.Justice Ben D. Bell in LexingtonSaturday afternoon announced his decision in the case of John Viall, thero'SLrrosrito the charge of having murderedJacob Keller, and the defendant wasdismissed on the ground that he hadcommitted no offense within the jurisdiction of the Courts of Kentucky.Viall was released from the countyjail immediately following the decision. Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. Hinton.non - uniontft 1 IK SKSS.153Sy .WKX5fi1Old King ColevVas a merry old soul,A meny old soul was he.If alive to-day heWould burn our coalAnd even merrier be.Burn Our Coal andMerry.Circuit Clerks Severelyj7rja ' w--nf, - . g ...A1'-' UTEMPUN LUMBER CO. gfemnc c.I juiivu aAnnual Clearance SaleLeather Bags, Umbrellas, China,Brass and Bric-a-BracBEGINSIFriday, Feb. 10th.Great Reductions.All Cut Prices Positively Cash.Don't Miss This Sale.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,inn. T.J r " i?a ine nouseI Both Phones.fIf You Are Interested In Results, fJ You Cannot Afford to Take: Chances in Incubation.It is a waste of Time, Eggs and Moneyto try to hatch chicks with an inaccurateThermometer When you buy, get thebest- We have the Tycos, 65c Weft-also have the Hygrometer which indicates Ifthe condition ot moisture, at $1.50.Water Fountains for little chicks at 25c.China Nest Eggs 20c doz.FORD &CO.Paris,PahsGrandONE BIG NIGHTSTUESDAY,FEBRUARYA Melange of Original Musical-Maaterpieces.THE FAMOUSSMART SETHeaded by the FasdnatWly FacetiousFunny Comedian,SALEM TUTT WHITNEY,and including Homer Tutt, Daisy Martin, Nettie Taylor and the best singingchorus in America, producing"THE SOUTHERN ENCHANTMENT"Prices: Dress Circle, $1.00; Parquette, 75 cents. Seats now on sale atMitchell & Blakemore's. Balcony reserved for colored people.This company carries its own orchestra. .ISlHK.lKRK.'fSSslRjlP'(WE SELL to1 txAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOfTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FORBeAmatifeRoofing.citui imcnun AH 0or Vuaiity.M28Ky,Ks6.f .:?-'T-,&'--wCr--tpi" 'y -FX.ti.tj.ti.iajtBiiCMXiKiri im.1 iTtiifi ii.'iT. JW.tr. ,m. 4rj Jb