t - -""V rv Jw- vv v' V, v. tTaJtr vr r- .PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1911.NUMBER 46IMtbUUKbUNNEWS.Insure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfDrowned in Pond.Logan Howard,Staple and Fancy Groceries,Main Street,Owen Caywood, aged 28, unmarried,was drowned in .Johnson's pond, nearMt. Sterling, Tuesday evening. Hewas fishing when the boat he was in(sank, throwing Caywood, Robert McCarrty and Walter Turner in thewater. Caywood, unable to swim,' went to the bottom, taking McCartywith him, but th latter came up exhausted and was rescued by Turnrrafter much difficulty. Caywood's bodywa recovered about three hours later.Will give you one dollar'sworth (10) of S. & H. GreenTrading StampsLenihan Property at Auction.If you wish to invest in real estate, that is rapidly increasing in value, at, tend the auction sale of the Lenihanproperty en Vine street tomorrow, afternoon, June 17, 1911, at 2 p. m.j The Best Freezer.' Everyone knows that the "WhiteMountain" freezer is the best on themarket. We want to let you knowthat we sell them.9 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.EXTRAj Colored School Commencement.The commencement exercises of thefor thlS COUpon, besides those Western High School were held Tues-... r day evening at 8 o'clock in the audi-yOU get With a purchase OTtorium of the public school building.TUn n.nfnni stnnf i e? r osi nf irnnal onn inA IIC piu&lcllil .UUkiioi.cu yJi. vut,ui uuu j-50c or more.Both Phones179.strumental music and orations by thegraduates.Diplomas were presented by Dr. F.L. Lapsley, secretary of the Board ofEsucation, to the following memberBof the graduating class : Clara Booker, first honor pupil ; Ida Belle Hall,Mamie Small, Irsy Bryant, DaveJuhnsun, Warren Monin and James S.Ay res.rIF U R WISETake Advantage of These PricesStandard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams 15White Bacon, per pound 10Santee Syrup, 1-2 gal can . . . -VC- - 5Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can 20Karo Syrup, 1 gal. can 40Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Ivory Soap. 6 bars 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans 25All RolledlSeal Oats, 3 boxes - 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10 .3-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans .-25THE FLOUR OF. QUALITYB1U3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55Fresh Fish Every Friday and SaturdayThe Grocery Store of Quality. $T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234,&.wwwmmmmmWk The "Secret Service" ofM tf"JeiqhjrtfJ Suit&M Eighty-five per cent, ot the style ot a garment is contriDutea oy tne tailoring fifteenper cent, comes from the designing.FACT!jgp?1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.4 Linen canvas stays, coldwater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.6 All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttoas shanked andsewed on byhand"forkeeps."8 Edging silk st titched byhand.1 Every tailor a 'benchbred" custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines, noskimping or schamping.ylreP(?IPWhen vou buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the "air" and the wear that come from thefinest materials procuracy right through and time-takinghand tailoring all through $1S to $32 50,Price & Co.,WmWClothiers.fii";rnxmrnmsmmmiazImmense Property Sale.The largest real estate sale everconducted in this city was that of theLancaster estate which was held yesterday afternoon by the real estatefirm of Harris & Speakes.Forty-one pieces of city real estateincluding four pieces for Mrs. MaryMcCarthy and Lewis T. Lilleston aggregated $20,830.Most of the property is located inthe negro settlements rand the pricesrealjzed were the largeat in the history ot city real estate. The purchasers are as follows:FOR LANCASTER ESTATE.No. 1 Not offered.No. 2-H. C. Lancaster, Lexington,S600.No. 3 C. Arnsparger, $890.No. 4 J. B. Northcott, $665.No. 5 C. J. Lancaster, S3U0.No. 6 R. G.Elliott, Lexington,5725.No. 7 R. G. Elliot, Lexington, $600.No. 8 J. D. McClintock, $355.No. 9-R. G. Elliott, $340.No. 10 R. K. McCarney, $415.No. 11 Chas Lancaster, $810.No. 12 J. D. McClintock, $405.No. 13 R. K. McCarney, $495:No 14 -C. J. Lancaster, $112.50.No. 15 Mrs. Kate Keogh, $920.No. 16 John Connell, $455.No. 17 John Connell, $255.Nos. 18, 19 and 20 H. C. Lancaster. Lexington, $1,100.No. 21 H. C. Lancaster, $725.No. 22 C. J. Lancaster, $350.No. 23 H. C. Lancaster. $455.No. 24 C. J. Lancaster, $1,105.Nos. 25, 26. 27, 28, 29 and 30 H. C.Lancaster. $1,525.No. 31 A. B. Lovell, $925.No. 32 -C. E. Butler, $1,300.No. 33 Harry Baldwin, $1,205.FOR MISS MARY McCARTHY.Nos. 34 and 35 Harry Baldwin,$1,410.No. 36 ifcirry Baldwin, $300No.' 37 Harry Baldwin$340.FOR LEWIS T. L1LLLSTON.Nos. 38 and 39 J. D. McClintock,$550.Nos. 40 and 41 J. D. McClintock,$510.Circuit Court.Upon convening court Tuesday morning Judge L. P. Fryr called the caseof W. H. Lucas, charged with thmurder of Wra. Sagaser. The casewas postponed until Wednesday.The trial of Jack Cooper, chargedwith obtaining money under falsa pretenses was next called and the casewent to the jury shortly after noon.The jury returned a verdict of acquittal. The grand jury made a partial report, returning indictments againstDan Boatwright, colored, shooting andwounding, and Fisher Williams, colored, two indictment, housebreakingand grand larcency.Wednesday the case of Dave January, a negro, charged with detainingMis. Virgie Gray, a white woman,against her will, was put on trial, thejury in this casa at the last term ofcojrt failing tor each an agreement.The jury Wednesday returned a verdict of guilty and Judge Fryer willpass sentence upon the convictednegro.Wednesday afternoon the Commonwealth case against W. H. Lucas, wascalled and when court adjourned fourjurors had been secured.The splcetion of a Jury was resumedwhen court convened yesterday morning and the box fell at noon, afterwhich the taking of the testimonywas begun, consuming the entireafternoon. About 4 o'clock the juryvisited the scene of the murder.At six o'clock only five Commonwealth witnesses bad been examinedand Judge Fyer held a night nesionIsst evening. The case will probablygo to the jury today.r"We Know Mow."Why Don't MenlReason?I.-"Men who are the most successful in business; Men who arethe most successful in law, medicine, politics, and who are the foremost people of their town or section are as helpless as a baby when itcomes to knowing where to buy their clothes. Buying a suit of clothe3is easy when you come to a store like Mitchell & BIakemore's.JRea' son it out in this way We carry two of the finest lines of ready-to-wearclothes made Stein Bloch and Hersh-Wicker. Every suit ishand-tailored and made. Patterns and selections that you'positivelywill not gnd in other ready-to-wear clothes.ZZ-'jak -LIThe well-dressed men of this city are wearing clothes sold by us,and why shouldn't you be among them.3Look like the high-pricedtailor-made man at half the price.:iMitchell & Blakemore, IParis, Kentucky. 1Outfitters-to-Men.Fruit Juices.We have all kinds of fruit juices forC. P. COOK & CO.ices.Fire Threatens Cynthiana.A fire which originated in an unknown manner in the front of J. P.Humphries' fruit store in Cynthiana,a few minutes before- midnight Wednesday, caused a damage to the storeand its contents of about $500. and formore than an hour threatened to destroy the whole business district ofthe town.All the fire-fighting apparatus inCynthiana was used in its full capacitybefore the flames were brought undercontrol.fire and Tornado Insurance.tf Thomas & Woodford.CivilService Examination forClerk-Carrier.An examination for clerk and carrier will be held at the post-office inthis city on July 8, 1911. Age limit18 to 45 years, on the date of the examination. Married women will nothe admitted to the examination. Thisprohibition, however, does not applyto women who are divorced or thosewho are separated from their husbandsand support themselves, but they areeligible for appointment only as cierK.Applicants must be physically sound,and male applicants must be not lessthan 5 fee 4 inches in height withoutboots or shoes, and weigh not less than125 pounds without overcoat or hat.For application blanks and for fullinformation realtive to thf examinations, qualifications, duties, salaries,vacations, promotions, f etc., addressimmediatelyWHITE P. VARDEN,Sect Boaid of Civil Service Examiners,Poat-offics, Pari j,' Kentucky..- , -mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmSB -5 mmiFRANK & CO. !The Store Where Reliability Reigns.I $9.98--Extra-$9.98Suits at Special Prices65 SUITSLadies' and Misses' Choice Styles and Colors.WorthRegularly from $20 to;$35Choice Now $9.98Alterations ExtraNever has any house in Central Kentuckyoffered such Suits as these at $9.98COME EARLYug i : -i Wash Goods in a Big Variety of Patterns& 1 :fcy sFrank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckyI -iI1 iutifiimmuHWMitura.!ftiimiiminiiaPfca!?tH!iHM!WBmmBWBmmMmwifR-.""-'- V-. j.!. &-r a.r-r.1 "-:-. - -! -" " y " - i- -P " '-'-J..-KrW- "- ,-- Jm&nmm!tw&r-i. .THE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,JUNE 16, 19li,THE BOURBON NEWSWomen's SecretsThere is one man in the United States who has perhaps heardmore women's secrets than any other man or -woman in thecountry. These secrets arc not secrets of guilt or shame, butthe secrets of suffering, and they have been confided to Dr.R. V. Pierce in the Hope and expectation of advice and help.That few of these women have been disappointed in their expectations is proved by the fact that ninety-eiht per cent, ofnil women treated by Dr. Pierce have been absolutely andaltogether cured. Such a record would be remarkable i thecases treated were numbered by hundreds only. But whenthat record applies to the treatment of more than half-a- million women, in a practice of over 40 years, it is phenomenal,BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.t-SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor' and Ow eri tEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 881 29 Years of Continuous PublicationI.s 2irKand entitles Dr. Pierce to the gratitude accorded him by women, as the first ofcpccialists in the treatment of women's diseases.Every sick woman may consult Dr. Pierce by letter, absolutely withoutcharge. All replies arc mailed, scaled in perfectly plain envelopes, withoutany printing or advertising whatever, upon them. Write without fear as without fee, to World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R. V. Pierce, Prest.,Buffalo, N. Y.DR. PSER.CE'3 FAVORITE PRESCRIPTIONDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue ; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.They last a lifetime. They're Fireproof Stormproof-Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds of build:r ifurther detailed iiMILLER & BEST, Miilersburg, Kentucky.Sicli"?C7'o33a.023. "7"oli.I gftJglMtgJ'i ..H.i7r.tff,l'"swvyrwfW" - " " - forin -1f 'I- 't ri.urfc -r.W Jm&YBi ''4y. z H?vORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship aro Displayedin Our Work.An individuality diblinyuhhcs our Jlfcmu-vicnts from all ollicrs, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE CHEAPERNONE BETTER.Wm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in the GardenStf ?!&&.-a u22ftft'&.wu'ti.. . u i- ' VkfcfighB IPi -irv kA ' T tt - U Ii 'rcS. rK J&ZTk lis a real pleasure if you 'I avethe right tools. We have acomplete Hue of the best garden implements in the world.The7 s re made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an-'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWEY & TALBOTT-Paris, KentuckyONE YEAR,$L.OO SIX MONTHS, Payable in Advance$1.00150 Dead as Result of 'Quake.At least 1G0 persons are dead as aresult of the earthquake which tossedits way from coast to coast in Mexico.Slowly the Government is receivingits reports from points in a rectangular area whose northern boundary isless than fifty miles from the capitaland whose southern line cuts acrossthe lower point of the State of Guerero. Contrary to precedent, the numbe rof casualties in the State of Guerroare few, butin Mexico City the listhas lengthened somewhat and from theState of Jalisco many have been addedto the death list.From scores of villages where fatalities are known to have occurredreports have not been received, andthe exact number of dead probablynever will be known. The list ofdead in Mexico City is placed at sixtythree In the State of Jalisco the greatestdeath loss appears to have been inOcotan, where fifty-nine bodies havealready been recovered.Tonala, a small town in the sameState, is reported as almost wiped out.A number of lives were lost.Not many persons were killed in thecity of Colina, but a considerableamount of damage was done. Thecathedral is so badly damaged tnat avery slight shock flight cause its collapse, and the tower of another churchwas toppled onto the roof. The volcano at Colina haa displayed considerable activity but the chief meteorological observatory at the capital isauthority for the statement that thishad nothing to do with the earthquake.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky Fairs for1911 as far as reported. Officers offairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown, July 25 o days.Lancaster, July 2G 3 days.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 2 3 days.Berea, August 33 days.Lexington, August 7 (5 days.Uniontown, August 8 5 days.Taylorsville, August 8 1 days.Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabeth town, August 9 1 days.Lawrenceburg, Angust 151 days.Leitchfield, August 164 days.Burkesville, August 15 I days.Brodhead, August 16 3 days.Fern Creek, August 16 3 days.Shepherdsville, August 221 days.London, August 22 4 dayd.Hardinsbug. August 223 days.Shelby ville, August 22 I du,j a.Liberty, August 233 days.Erlanger, August 23 4 dajs.Germantown, August 24 3 days.Nicholasville, Aug-ist 293 days.Somerset, August 29 4 days.Bardstown, August 30 4 days.Franl0tn, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 4.-6 das?Monticello September 5 1 days.Alexandria, September 5 5 days.Mount Olivet, September 5 4 days.Hodgenville, September r 3 days.Sanders, September ( 4 days.Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,Saptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 20 4 days.Glasgow, September 27 I days.Maytield, September 27 4 days.Canada's Mixed Races.The Bible is already sold in Canada iIn 90 different tongues, but 17 otherraces are now asking that editions beprinted in their languages. The British Foreign Bible society has published the Scriptures in 424 different ton-A gues, but it seems 17 more must bemade to meet the needs of Canada'3heteicger.eous population.$ bouroon Laundry wISI? Telephone No. 4.I1zDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.! Plrifll vV' irzHfllA P rticiilar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsfluality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.A Loan In Fancy."You won't run any risk in lendingme a thousand francs. I am writing anovel that is sure to go. You knowwhat an imagination I have." "Well,you'd better imagine that I have lentyou the money, then."Time to Die."When is the best time to die?"gravely asks a contemporary. "'Justbefore you try to intioduce an oldfriend to an acquaintance and can'tremember his name.Flower Keeps Its Freshness.A common South African flowerpossesses the valuable property ofkeeping fresh for two months or moreafter cutting. It is a white star ofBethlehem, producing a compactspike of flowers on a stiff, erect stalk18 inches or two feet long. The flowers are of a thin and papery tissue, allwhite except the yellow anthers. Itcan be sent over as a cut flower fromSouth Africa to England, and thenlasts for weeks In water.mGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7; NIGHT 299.Were you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Not to Be Judged by Size.An Interesting and somewhat curious fact Is that some of the tall "menof genius have had moderate sizedheads. Shelley, the poet, was tall, buthad a small head, and some of thesmall men Imbued with tho divine.spark had large head3, apparentlyproving that the size of the head haslittle tc do with the quality of thebrains.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentuckyj kon tff2ou 0We SSoth Xiffiuy Jrerecm rose itoneu.'Tor Sale PrtoateivDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET.1 offer for sile privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andLJlIejton avenue. Cintains five room?,two balls, bith. pantry,- back andfront porches; cellar under entireImusc; gas throughout; water in yardad bo;ms; svver connection. The-rddC2 front on Second street, andis xtrinHy d.sirable; fiie shadetrMS im all sid s. Immediate possession can b given.PrMptctive pjrchissrs invited to insp'jct the premises" TERMS. Made known on application "to the uaderaigned.JOHN ARKLE.ltf Home Phone 211.ANNOUNCEMENTS.W.r authorized to innoun- Isvt Q. Ctiy as a candidate for RepraM4ltiY in the Legis'at'jre fromD tim oomty. subject to.tl actionftHiocrBtic trt;'aCHAUTAUQUALAKEis best reached by theErie R. R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJaae 1 to Sept. 30.Special 30 -Day ExcursionsJly 6 aad 27Sammer Excarsian Ticketson Je to New York City and all Eastern reort.Stop-over at Chautauqua Lake and Niagara Fall permitted on firM -class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or writeJ. H. Webster, Genl Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Qncinnati, O., forfurther information.MUSS JESSIE BROWNArt Embroideryf Materials.Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 710.If you are not in the habit of getting your clothing and furnishings here,it will pay you to investigate our goodsand prices before making your nextpurchase., We like to have you comparevalues. This store always wins with thefi man who compares.Summer ShirtsFor Particular Men'You'll find here the right shirt for everyoccasion business, outing or dress, 50cto $2.00.Straw Hats $1 to $3In the season's correct shapes and ofparticularly desirable qualities at theprices we ask.everything mn ana Cfflle men WearrVwimWWMr J" i ii nil i -rinrniiro n mmm Jitpr u i1S WE SELLAT BIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SHINGLES, POSTS,S3SHE ;, DOORS,BLNDS HARD ANDSOrT OML,AGENT J FORAmatiteRoofing.Bennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYTake Your Wheat, Your Corn and Buckwheat to the GristMill, But Come Here for YourMILL WORK!We are hea Jquarters for everything in that Iins. Sash, DoorsBlinds, Storm Doors, Screen Doors, Window Screens, etc., etc.. atlowest prices.TEMPLIN ' LUMBER COEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATED?For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Miilersburg, North JMiddletown, Littlef RockRuddles Mills.- "When'you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."youThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedJTFNotice! Poultry RaisersR 4-11-44CURESfrj iii !Cholera, Gapes, Limberneck. Roud. Canker.,SOXK AS OOOD HiiHf I. njL -. Jl rt m JTs E. uiai nmcd ana an uiscases or PoultryMfi.aQWraiefcyJ.Crlinl$lW.Ky. Price SK at all .SOLO BYQ. S. Yarden & Son.aSand1-?---,-..THE- BOURBON NEWSVPARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 16, lStkNf,f i1?1v-41II jW"M""WWiiWMWWWaWWMBgBaMBBaBBBMBMaMeMMgyMMBMiA Welcomerimoke eurlmer udchimney as the men are coming in from thefields, gives a pretty suggestion of a good supper and a comfortable home. But it alsomeans a hot, tired woman, working hard .overajblazing fire.Your wife can escape this with a NewPerfection Oil Cook-stove.A New Perfection keeps a kitchen many degrees cooler than anyother ranee, vet it does all a coal or wood range can do. It saves time,labor and fuel. No wood to cut ;With the New Perfection oven it isfind anywhere.OiljCoKStYOVTIHfiBio o-7tMartin Bros,,Livery Mien,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for bin?.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a firsL class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.FARM FOR SALE.I offer for sale, privately, my farmof 235 acres, located on the Paris andGeorgetown turnpike, abcut eightmiles from Paris and nine miles fromGeorgetown. This farm is all in grass.Well located in 'good neighborhaod.For further information apply toMRS. MARY IRELAND DAVIS.9 tf Pari3, Ky.J jfrilEQREATESTRDiCDWQlHlTtiEW0 flHlMroRTHE CURE OF ALLPj PW XBASES AWSlNGFROaAfl (117 WTOREBLOOBj "I if civeTnew LIFE AKD ' I !I STRENGTH TO ELDERLY I ZA 1 PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN 1 Jt 4 iUH.rfKtDNCY.UVatUElAD. . fLA Dwraxjo. catarrh. 11 f, Si ASTHMA. HHtUHATBRfj). Lw 1i El COOT. IA CRIfft COS. i! Mf' mm COTSTD'A'nON.HEAIlTljl "A OaCASE.MAtARIA.'lKb' la kvouj DcaoiTY. r,: rda IT VITUS DAIKtrtc 'g!l 1; Ha mSSjf THE BLOODINE C0,A! VTTQf If, tinnrrt hihtW AtV Wk T ww wag, . kuhj I TrAMms3mmiiJiLatest Idea In Rope.A company has patents covering arope made of several strands of papercovered with galvanized steel wire.The rope thus produced is strong,tough and flexible, suitable for clotheslines and such uses. It is claimed thatn rcpe of this kind will withstand thaaction of the weather 50 per centTopg er then cotton.- sir- - - " -.Changehi Ifarmhcrrom the rarmnouseno coal to carry ; no ashes ; no soot. "the best cooking device you canMade with 1 , 2 and 3 burners, with Ions,turquoMC blue enameled chimnet. Handsomely finithed throughout. l"he 2- and 3burner stoves can be had vkh or without acabinet top, which is fitted with drop shelves,to el racks, etcm Dealers everywhere ; or write for descripthe circular to the nearest agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)d i n e;We Know-BLOODINE-Will Help You :To Regain Your Strength" xBnd EnergyRporf of th HsUI Phyetcfaii In'" a Leading Nw York Hospital ",t on the Cure of Catarrh 7; "A few years ago we considered thatwe were aoingf well.if we cure.dtenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in it3 various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes Catarrh of the Bladderand Uretha, Catarrh of the large in'testihes, Catarrh of the Larynx, relvioCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andCatarrh of the Stomach are quicklycurea with "iuooame." itDuiidsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blooa and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."..- Bloodine Is a powerful tonio, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession tonrich thin, watery blooa and supply&tw, rich red blood to the whole body,FREE . To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents ia flitver or stamps for postage.Address, Th Bloodine CobpobItion, Boston, Mali.For a!e by W. T. BrooksFashions In Bulgaria.Bulgaria believes in fringes, andthey are over all with the rareexcep(Ions when the underskirt, always ofthe best ofwhite linen, may be scalloped at the bottom and even then thefringe effect Is uged i:i the over tunic,for the gathering of the many threadssuggests to the wearer the numbers oftheir nations, as Is theirpeculiar red ldj'ed reminder of their blood, and theflowers, and grains, and fruits, embroidered on their gowns representheir Industry.Dirt and Disease.Dirt Is tie "perfect culture" of alldisease and of all that delights in dlstase. There the microbes of nilplagues live and move and have theirbeing undisturbed by the broom orthe mop. unafraid of the smell ofsoap, and never awakened from theirrest by the light from any lamp ofknowledge that constitutes the science of modern times.Moving Spirit of Today.Petrol, which may be described asthe moving spirit of the age, is beingapplied to freely nowadays to locomotion generally that future generationswill probably wonder however wmanaged to get along without itProbably Would."That sentence 'Dot Incorrect,"said the professor, "buL.it sounds oddto the English-speaking-- ear." Harvard Lampoon. - . -, ALL MY PIHPLES GONEfGirl Tlls How a Blotchy Skin WaCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isnosign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is gome times overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with, this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.Saved His Wife's Life.'My wife would have been in hergrave today," writes O. II, Brown, ofMuscadine, Ala., "if it had not beenfor Dr. Kiiif's New Discovery. Shewas down in her bed, not able to getup without help. She had a severebronchial trouble and a dreadfulcough. I got her a bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery, and she soon beganto menu, ana was wen m a snurutime." Infallible for coughs andcolds, it's the most reliable remedyon earth for desperate lung tvouble,hemorrhages, lagrippe. asthma, hayfever, croup and whooping cough.50c, Si. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Lightning Kills Few.I In lllOfi lightning killed onlT 109 people in this whole country. One'schances of death by lightningare lessthan two in a million. The chanceof death from liver, kidnov or stom-' ath trouble is vastly creator, but notif Electric Bitters be used, as Robtntj' Madsen, of WVst rcrlin4ton, la ,proved. Four doctors gave him upja'ter eight months ttf suffering fromvirulent liver tuublo and yellow; jaundice. He w:;s then completecured by Rlectiir Hitlers. They'rej the best btcniKth, liver, nerve andj kidney remedy :uu blood purifier on'earth. Onlv ?0c-at Oberdorfer's.Why Australia Kcc Thrived.We bflieve ft to be the case thatthe conditions of Australia, where reward is more proportionate to abilityand effort, and less dependent than inan old country upon birth and favor,lead to the development among natives of the commonwealth, on theaverage, of greater activity of mindand body than is found among the natives of the United Kingdom. Britishi Australasian.!; Interpreting Our Laws.j Eileen, vh03e family In the old conntry had known her by the more prosaic' name of Ellen, lost no opportunity of( promulgating all the freedoms of thenew country that came her way. Sometimes they took an inverted form ofhanding out orders to her mistress ', "Yez'll be careful, mum, thot yez puts, no paper In th's garbage bucket Thlm' fs orders, -mum, frum th' garbage gintlemin." Deafness Cannot be Curedi by local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one wav to cure deaf-neb and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucuouslining of the Eustachian Tube. VVhenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, Deafnessis the result, and 'unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberostorcd to its normal condition, hearing will be destro3ed forever; ninecases out of ten are caused bv Ca-I tarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bv' catarrh) that cannot be cured byI Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circu-1 lars free.' F. J. CHENEY & COToledo, O.i Sold bv Druggists, Toei Take Hall's Familv Pills for consti-! iin f innPrafer German Language.In Russian schools pupils have thaoption of learning French or German,and 70 perycent choose German.WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief amicure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If y)u knew that by washingIn these waters you could be lellevcdfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a t:lp tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distRnt'springs. Relief is righthere in jour own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavothe skin as buiooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not -already tried It, getat least a 25-cent buttle today. Wa -aurayou of Instant relief.SPORTING NEWS LETTER'By C. H. ZUBEK.Cincinnati, June 15 The business of junseuing oase Dan iorm cununuesright along, and you never can tell oneday what the next day will bringforth. The only approach to a cer-:.. : xti: i T n., i,AI.n V...11 Ithese days is that the Boston-J willlose. Some weeks ago, after thePhillies had lost a fairly large string jof gam'es, the shout went up all over Jthe circuit that they were done" and Inever again would see fust place. Yet Iuunng tne present ween, ucsyiic uie jfact that they were minus some oftheir stars, they moved back into firstplace, and are likely to hover prettyclose to that vicinity for some time tocome. And it was the two wallopingswh5S thoR , "aaVp th? NS "vkrklthat allowed the Phillies to move tothe head of the procession wallopingsthat the outside fans never thouehtcould happen, thus again showing theuncertainty of things base-ballic. IhexacL inaium iveus.aic wmuuuuk aiuuuain sixth nlace isn't particularly dicouraging, for the reason that sixthplace continues to be not so far distant from the top rung of the ladderand the season is only one-third over.Of course, it's going to take muchgood work to boost GritfTih's men to aplace considerably higher in the racethan that which they now occupy, butit can be done, and it nay be done hefore the boys venture away from homespa in.It would appear that ManagerGriffith has bten to conservative withj his young bloods, as witnes3 the reJ cent pel formances of Pitcher BobbyKeeie and bhortstop Jimmy nsmonu.These , were ke t on the bench untn it wag aljsouteiy neCessary to usethem, and when that time came, bothdelivered the goods. Keefe's mest recent feat of glory was to hold the NewYorks to one run on Monday, this be-inor tha ccrrwl ttnra rlnrint. Hr rrceonfseason that he treated the Giants,thus. When this boy is worked at in-tervala of about five days he generallydelivers the goods. In the matter ofshortstop play, Esmond has been I& viiw srv,unu bliiib uuiillh niv. iin.dv.imiT "f ";,-Kl u? L J Amoved around to the other side, whereas hard as tither, while his general ,apnearar.ee on the field has given thefans more confidence than they havehad in eii her Downey or Altizer. Un-Its1? Esmond's present fcrm is a flu-ke.1 i,- i;i...i t. r :he'll be the regular, en the bhortstopjb for the rest of the season.The last Ii.::stern team ot theprcs-n:t series new i? bung entertained bythe Keda, the visitors being thellrorkbns w !o will wind up their staywith the game n Sunday, June 18.Dahien's mi.t hive been quite troubleson.e to Ihe utlur teams this season,despite th" fn.-i that they are down inseventh plac.-. Because of the poFitbn they occupy there is some talkuf a change in n,au:tge:3. rumor having it a shorl time ago that TommyLuach, of the Pittsbuigs, was to succeed Dahlen as head of'the Suparbas.This yarn is denied in Smoketown, bat other pile five times as large. A spasmmay nevertheless come true if Brook- was seen to pass over the lady, andlyn will come forward with a good she quickly placed her hand on thepitcher and a fair outfielder in exjhace about her throat, as if to pull itchange exchange for the little old man I a that she migllt Dreathe easier.of the Pirates. And Leach would i CTW , mir.U i,- i-ocome pretty near doing something with Hc,r flngc" remained at her neckwear,that aggregation, for the material . and she bent ovop thc tab,e tm herseems to be there for a high class cst leaned against it, about to gatherteam. Take a peek at 'em Sunday.Jack Johnson seems to be : attracting l SCQn apparently Gxed upon ihe gold,more attention in Eng and thsse cays i ,rUn ' if ,. :,'. rnnfojthan King George. When the Sone- Lr!ie conductor. takin r it for grantedgambian champion hit Albion's shore, . tliat he had determined to risk thehe was literally swamped with atten-. wu0,e "mount on the same number astions from the general popuiace. j before, made the usual announceWhere in America his chief escorts ments. the ball was snun and. afterwould be a few policemen and the irre-'pressinie small boy, '-in .London he isbeing coddled and jollied by the manwith the frock coat and the silk hat. IJohnson isn't doing much fight talk onthe other side, but he has made onecrack to the eil'ect that he would liketo take on two men in the same ringon the same night just to gel warmedup after his rather long lay-off. It ispossible that such, an arrangement willbe made during the coronation excite-merit in London, and if it is, look for a 'corner on gasoline with Johnson as the ,chief "booster," for he'll surely wallop any two men the tight little islandcan bring forth.Once more America has nemonstraV 'ed her superiority in a sporting way'over the best that Great Britain can iproduce. In the international polomatch, played recently at the Meadowland, thethe' best""ibrook Hunt Club, on Lorg IAmerican four put to routquartette that England could sendover. Not only were the American jfonies suj.eri)r to these of the English, but their rUjs1n every way cutshone the gentleman from the otherside of the watci. About the same jtime that this wa going on a Brook-,b n Lacrosse team defeated an aggre-,gttnn of Canadian cracks at their.native gameand that's doing a littlemore boosting and a little more boasting for Uncle Sam's port exponents.One of these days we may exprct tosee Americans "giving the Britishpointers en ciicket aud the Jap instructions in jiu jisu. Who knows?Over in New York State they'rehoping that the Legislature will dosomething during the present week torelieve the stringency in the racinggame which has existed since the enactment of recent laws. There is aprospect uf sufficient relief being provided bythe Legislature to allow someof the tracks, notably Saratoga, tooperate; and if this is done, watch fora wild rush of good steeds to the Empire State. Meanwhile the- racinggame in this neck of the woods is doing better than it has done in manyyears. The betting public is takingmoie kindly to the mutual machines;the owners are seeing to it that theirhorses are running to form, and theofficials are extremely careful thatnething is creeping into the generalconduct of affairs that will permit anyone to talk adversely. Under theseconditions the racing game is certainto recover much of its old-time pepu-THE MUTE.GAMBLERBy JANE P1NCKNEY BENNETT"Copyright by American Press Association. 1911.The game wa3 at its height at Montea1"peopleThe main table was lined withtossing coins upon the greencloth that covered It. Clusters oflights illumiuc'd the scene. Therewere men and women, too, of variousages, from the stripling tp the septugenarian. One old woman with whitehair sat with a pper In her hand covered with memoranda consisting principally of figures. It was a schemethat she had worked out or some onehd & her for snre Innhigr. Shescarcely ever bet more than a franc atone time and usually lost. Therewere men in evening dress and menwhose coats were frayed at the elbow.while here and there a girl scarcelyout of her tecns was betting with hotcheeks and glistening eyes.A lady she might have been anyage between twenty-flve and thirtyfive In an evening costume of exquisite fabric and construction, entered the room and. banding her wrapsto an attendant, went to the maiii table, where roulette was being played.Seating herself, she began to playwith silver five franc pieces. Nosound broke in upon the falling of thecoins on the table, the monotonous announcements of the man who conducted the game and the rattling of theball. One having no interest In itwould wonder how so many peoplecould be so silently Intent upon sounvaried a proceeding.Presently the recent arrival beganto toss gold napoleons on the cloth In'stead of five franc pieces. Indeed, herbetting increased till she became theone person at the table who engagedthe crowd of lookers-on. Some of(hoso wl)0 v.crG j,tanding behind her-- -- -- ---lhe faced her. She wore a hat wtha VGIT wi(le br,m an1 adorned withlarge black feathers, one of which fellover the front and with the brimcompletely shaded her brow. In addition to this, a veil extending to thechin rendered it impossible to distinguish her features.She played with varying fortune. Atfirst she won. Then she lost morethan she had gained. Next she beganto win slowly, and at a certain point,having gained a thousand francs, sheleft the amount she had bet and herwinnings on the number she had. covered. There was quite a pile of' gold there, and when the ball was. spun and settled into its place thecroupier covered the stake with an-In her winnings, as every one supposed.But she must have changed her mind,for she remained in the same position.lifit rtTrtc? fliriiifrl fVinT itmilrl Tint" Y(rolling and jumping and hesitating andbackingand tilling, at last settled intoits pocket. Amid exclamations theconductor announced ihe number thathad won, and the lady's heap of goldwas added to by another live limes itssize. She gave no evidence of the excitement natural to such winning. Shedid not start; she did not make an involuntary change of position."What wonderful self control!" exclaimed oue of those looking at her."She must be an old hand at it!" remarked another."Great heavens!" cried several atonce. "She's going to risk It allagain."The gamekeeper, who meanwhilehad been waiting for the lady to remove her wiunings, seeing no intention on her part to do so, reluctantlymade the call for bets, the machinewas whirled, and amid ill" repressed. exclamations tne uau gave tne mayanother pile five times as great as that. . .. ... .. .-before her on the table.Twice again the pile was Increasedby the same arithmetical progression,and the bank was broken.At that moment a man entered theroom, advanced quickly to the tableand touched the lady on the shoulder.She did not look to see who was calling her attention. She sat apparentlywith her eyes glued to the immensegolden pile before her."Clarissa," ho said in a tremblingvoice.There was no reply.The crowd about the table now began to grow anxious. There wassomething in the mute figure that inspired them with a kind of awe. Thegame had ceased, and the eyes of every one present were fixed on thegambler or the man standing lookingdown upon her, vainly endeavoring toarrest her attention."Take off her hat'-"Lift her veil.""There something wrong with herf"Some one look out for her pile'."These words that were spoken inloud tones and others that made, aconfused murmur did not seem to beheard ly the man standing over thelady. Ho stood for a few momentaas if not daring to know the truth.Then, gathering his resolution, hetore off her hat. The woman swayed,sind her head sank upon the table.He raised it and looked eagerly intojer facG.ir,r rn,i ,. aavIn. regard to skia dkeasMnedlcafauthorities are now agread oa tW: "Doc.'t imprison tha disaaia fans 1your skin by the use of araaay salraaand thus encourage thena to Multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about orrly by uala tkehealing agents in the form of a IS!.WASH THE GERMS OUT. A,"simple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. J.Prescription, penetrates to the dUeasgerms and destroys it, then sootaeand heals the skin as nothing elaehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thcure, and give you Instant relief. .For Sale by G. S. Varden & Soa.FOR RENT.Storeroom corner Fourth and Mtfiastreets. Apply to vI. L. PRICE cr2 3tJAMESWILLS.r riiuargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week,Margolen,LParis, Ky.JMANsSDE8TTO3?PiT!rHealth, Strength, VIor,Viikdiy. "ID B00 0? SSOWIEKS 50 SO.KNOW YOURSELF IA Beacea Itlafet far Every Mas. Fro rmail, sealed, to tlioso enclosing Tv r".PBtarapa, for postage, otc. oriacold to any discouraged, suflnrinbook ontaini vital facta on acuUW. lf "fcrp.... "irin? m:R. ibis.cutfc and clTmediseases, including f!" ,f f",V?iDebility, ExfaJUMtca itality. AtrpMr.Varicocele and all Ditwi ad celil.ties of Men from whatever caune ; bow produced, how cured; alao Blood Poiaon. Us terrrbJresults; ita conqueror by medical scieRrj nlatest and most remarkable victory. Iajlfansa of this awful malady and making JtauJcKiyand easily curable. Write for it tolj "Address thS r. !UTK,Suito One, Columbia Theater Bldjr..CiBciRMti.O.Famous for almont a score of years la CiaaaBias a Specialist to 3Icn.To Consumers oiWATER:Your attention is called to the .following" rule:The use of hose is limitedto two hours per day, and inno case to be used betweenthe hours of 9 p. m. and 5a.!m. "Many persons are allowing hoseto be run on gardens at night.You will please observe the aboverule, as I will see this is done. ZFor each violation of the aboverule a fine of $2 will be imposed? -andif not paid, water will beshut off.Paris Water Co.,NEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.Announcement.I have located in Paris for th purpose of conducting a generalContractinsandBuifdins BusinLIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSPJCV3k jI have been a builder for ihm pttwenty yf?.rs, id can hartk ymwbuildings, large "or smaM. I wiH mglad to furnish, yea estimataa startnotice. The bfcit of referwwsa furnished. CaH on me- at FawttmmHotel, or call up Ilome h 17, EaatTsnn. phone 122.W. C. HESTERI For Sale by G. S.arden k Son.- -Jarity. v .. ' v " V'T :vT?-' -,. -v, s -'' -V'&-.'-'- -fv.:..--wv&wzr'-h i FViT r ile.".THE - QiURtoN;-NEWSi ., PAfclS, KENTUCKY, JtfN 16, 111.;& -r- f.it" rf rI l-tft--4.tIyi- ikiii . tf 1 8 ,t -jOVERTAXED.Ba4reisf Paris ReadersiMwWkat it Means.The kidneys are overtaxed ;Have too much to do.Tfecy tell about it in many aches andpainsBackache, hip pains, headache,Early evniDthoms of kidney ill?.Uriaary troubles, diabetes, Bright'sdfaatae follow.The atatement below shows youwkat to do.C P. fcWchh, assessor,street, Lexington, Ky.,rives ne nleasure to167 Drakerecommendsays: itTtoaa's Kidney Pilla, as I considertbeai to be an excellent remedy. I hadfrequent attacks of backache, caused Itbink by much bending over a desk atmy work. Having Uoan's KidneyPills brought to my attention, I procured a sapply and was given promptrelief ttiroueh their use. I have great !..xl al : .-., r.Ky Fill. " I nefer fail to recoY-mend them to any of my friends hav-ing kidney complaint."For sale by all dealers. Price oOcents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.The successful man wears The Stetson Shoebecause it stamps him as a man of prosperityand good taste.The Strut is one of the latest Stetson creations. Stetson artists have built into this shoethe smartness and satisfaction that are theyoung man s delight.It costs more by the pair towell-shod in Stetson Shoesbut try them for a yearthe end they are cheaper.Mitchell &Sieisom cost more byNow Is Your Chance to Get Summer GoodsAt a Very Little 'Cost!Porch Chairs and Settees,Porch Rugs, two-tone green,Porch Swings, Mission finish,A beautiful line of Fiber. Rugs, large size,The New Iceberg$6.50, $8.75, $9.50, $12,$14.75, $15.50 to $35Brass Beds $16.75, $20, $28.75 up to $65. jGasoline Cook Stoves $2,75 up to $5.75i.-Xfck-r)1 1 A'Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet or the Marion Cabinet for the Price of $25.00I A. F.and 3rd Sts.j.Mtial froai Italian Mint.Governor Willson Wednesday received a letter from Huntington Wilson,Acting Secretary of State Departmentat Washington, notifying him that hehad 'mailed a medal and diploma to theSfcuta nf Kentucky from the King ofItaly for contributions rendered thatcountry after the earthquake disasterin 1908. The medal and diploma werereceived and when Governor Willsonreturns to this State he will likelypresent them to the State HistoricalSociety.KlairWins Nomination.William P. Klair. of Lexington, wasnominated Wednesday afternoon inconvention at Louisville by the Democrats of the Second Railroad district,for Commissioner to succeed L. P.Tarlton. Republican. The nominationI f Mr- Klai was made by acclamation, iojiowing a nam ugiii. uu mcjjaibof Robert B. Brown, of Pulaski county, to secure recognition of thePulaski county delegation, instructedin his favor. But as the Klair forcesI controlled the convention absolutely,the Brown delegation was unseatedand the contesting delegation, favor-ame to ftiair was given uie vuieof!P"'aski county in the convention,c . . . .Blue Grass beed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassj 8eed, from the stripper or for August .delivery. The highest market price!will be paid. Let us furnish you with jsacks. Both phones.6 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Judged by HisShoesbeL. -!!inBlakemorethe pair, but less by the year.'and IceWheelerGWAS. GREEN, ManagerParis, KentuckyNews ai TMe tiajBtai.TUESDAY.Inability to connect with "Bobby"Brown resulted in a complete blanking for the Bourbonites Tuesday afternoon at'White Park, while by heavyand consecutive hitting1 and assistedby a few costly bobbles the Hustlersaccumulated nine tallies.Brown was invincible at all stagesand out of four safeties made by thelocals only two could be counted asclean drives. Hauser was hit hard inthe fourth, when nine of the Hustlersfaced him before the side was retired.Coleman slugged the ball freely andout of four times at the plate slammed the ball for three three-baggers.So brilliant did the visitors play thatafter the first session not a singleBourbonite got beyond the second station. The score :Wichnester 0 0 15 0 0 10 2-9Paris 0 0 0 0 0 0 010 00Batteries Paris, Hauser and Mayer;Winchester Brown, and McGuire. HitsParis 4, Winchester 12. ErrorsParis 5. Two base hits Brown. Threebase hits Coleman 3. Base on ballsoff Hauser 2. off Brown 4. Struck outby Hauser 3, by Brown 3. Pass ballMayer, McGuire Stolen basesBrown, Coleman, McGuire, Burden.Sacricfie hits Goosetree 2, Saunders.Left on bases Paris 3, Winchestre 0.Time 2:10. Umpire Feye. Attendance 300.WEDNESDAY.The Hustlers and the Bourbonitesmet on the former's grounds Wednesday afternoon and the pennant win) ners went down to defeat for the third,straight time at the hands of theHustlers, in the seventh inning theBourbonites looked like they were going to walk away with the game withthe score 3 to 1 in their favor, withthree men on bases and no one down,when a fly ball as hit to Meek in rightfield, who caught it and whipped ithome, here Burden intercepted the balland headed the runner off from third,threw the ball to Callahan, who touched the man out between second andthird, completing a very rapid triplenlay. The score:Paris 0 0003000 03Winchester 0 0 10 0 0 0 2 14Batteries Paris, Harold, Shears andMayer; Winchester, Burden and McGuire. Hits Paris 10, Winchester 14.Errors Winchester 3. Earned runsWinchester 4. Three base hit Brown.Two base hits Brown, Burden, Mayer. Bases on balls off Harold 3, offShears 2, off Burden 1. Struck outby Harold 2, bj Burden 7. Hit bypitcher Hauser. Triple play Meek,! Burden, Callahan and Goosetree. Timej 2 :15. Umpire Feye.i THURSDAY." Paris broke the losing streak yester-! day afternoon when a coat of whitewash wps administered to the Lawmakers. Shears was on the mound fur Parisand pitched a great game. Of theRefrigeratorBoxesFurniture Co. Ieight hits secured by hi opponents' inonly two seioh did they come insuccession, but the- Lawmakers wereunable to count. In the first 'a neatdouble deprived the visitors of theironly chance as only once again didthsy get a man beyond the second station. The locals fell on Yerkes in thefourth and before the side had beenretired four runs had crossed the rubber. The locals counted first in thesecond on a pass and a sacrifice, followed by Kuhlman's double.Harrell, who has been out of thegame with a sprained ankle was inthegame and put up a fast exhibition.Kuhlman held the heavy end of thestick getting three hits out of fourtimes at bat. The score:Frankfort 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-0Paris 0 10 4 0 0 0 0 0-5Two base hits Rapp, Kuhlman.Base on balls off Shears 2, off Yerkes2. Struck out by Shears 4, by yerkes 1. Double plays Barnett to Mayer, Harrell to Barnett. Stolen baseKuhlman. Sacrifice hits McKernan,Goodman. Time 1:45. Umpire Bohannon. The "Bull" Durham Base BallGuide for 1911 has made its appearance, and a handsomely leather boundcopy has been received. This littlepublication has now become the mosteagerly sought for of the many baseball journals although it is just embarking upon the second year of itsexistence. The secret of : its "successlies in the fact that the rules, records,and all the necessities of a good baseball guide are presented Jin an easilyaccessible manner, so that anyone canfind just what he is looking for without digging over countless ill-arrangedpages.The Bull Durham Guide is certainlya credit to its publishers, the BaseBall Publishing Company, of Bostonas it supplies a long-felt want to thebase ball loving public of the country.RELIGIOUS.Services at Episcopal church Sunday morning at 10 :45 and afternoon at4 o'clock by Rev. J. M. Maxon.Fiscal Court to Meet Today.The Bourbon Fiscal Court will meetin b special session today to take upthe matter of disposing of .the jailproperty which is along the riht ofway of the double track of the Louisville & Nashville railroad. It is saidthe railroad company will submit twopropositions to the Fiscal Court fortheir consideration. One propositionis that the railroad company will rebuild the jail property, and another isthat the company makes a cash offer,the county to construct the. jail. Themeeting of the court will probably result in the appointment of a committee to confer with the L. & N. officials. :t:. 75c up to $5.50$1.00 up to $9.75$2.75 up to $5.00$6.75 up to $11.00Opp. Court Househt it (fi reitm-t at tht GrafWhat is proving to be the mostinteresting attraction that has had aplace on the bill at the Grand in many,many long years is the little sixteen-year-oldmentalisr, Ita, who has beenthe drawing card at the populartheater for the week past.Since Ita began her engagement atthe Grand her marvelous work hasbeen the subject of absorbing interest,with the result that each night thetheatre has been packed with eagerspectators, to witness the performanceof the fmere child that has set thewhole town and community to talking.. . rWith each succeeding night the girlcontinues to grow in favor with thepublic. The performance is differententirely from any seen here before inthis branch of theatrical work and hasoccasioned wide-spread interest .evenamong the most skeptical.Ita has answered question afterquestion giving the initials and thenthe name of the person asking thequestion and frequently goes into detail concerning persons in the audience. Inr one instance she told ayoung man who had prepared a question of relatives-, living .in distantstates, of a recent death that had occurredin his family and of his ancestors, who originally came from Ireland. Again she told a young lady ofa trip her mother would tmake to theWest to visit a daughter, giving thename of the mother and daughter andalso told of the death of her fatherwhich occurred more than thirteenyears ago.Blindfolded the girl can add acolumn of figures in ene-tenthj thetime it would take an expert mathematician ; she decsribes articles wornby persons in the audience withwonderful precision ; she has given information concerning lost articles andpredicts the results of the ball gamesin the Blue Gracs League for eachday.The girl is possessed with a remarkable pewer as it is clear there is nomeans of communication and allefforts to detect any trickery has fallen short of the mark. If there i3 anyfake in her part of the performancethere has been no Ireasonahle explanation advanced.Valuable Building Lots.Four valuable building lots will besold at auction tomorrow, June 17, at2 p. m. at the sale of the Lenihan property on Vine street.Refrigerators.A large line of refrigerators.. Thebest stock in Central Kentucky to select from.J. T. HINTON.mm i oembbThis Sale Positively Closes June 22and if you want to avail yourself of this opportunity youwill have to come quick. Only a few pianos left.ONE ORGANto be sold at any oldprice, and if you want one come andget it.ONE PIANO $35Best bargain ever offered.ONE PLAYER-PIANO $350The best make; will be sold cheap in order to dispose of itat once. Other high class bargains. Remember the timeis' drawing to a close.McCourt Piano Company,CMain Street, Opposite Agricultural BankPUBLIC SALE.OF.Handsome City ResidenceThree BeautifulWe will sell at public auction, without reserve or by-bid, onTUESDAY, JUNE 2T, 1S11,t 2:30 p. in, on the premises, en Seventh street, in Paris, Ky., the W. T."OVERBY PROPERTY, which is described as follows:A certain house and lot situated on the South side of Seventh street, lotfronting 100 feet on said street and extending, back 195 feet more or less, andcontaining a handsome brick residence of nine rooms, three halls, two porches,batlT room; and concrete cellar under the entiie house.This is a modern, convenient houme, in excellent repair, fitted with gaselectric light, chandeliers, heated by furnace and has a slate roof. Outbuildings consist of a stable, chicken house, meat house, etc., and has a SDlendid.garden, grape arbor, fruit and 3hade trees.At the same time we will sell three adjoining building lots, one" fronting 55feet on Seventh street and extendsng back 105 feet, more or loss, and twd 'fronting 50 feet each on same street and extending back 307 feet, moreor less.This property is located on one of the best streets in Paris, about twoblocks from car line and business center of town, and is convenient and r1pim--lble in every respect.TERMS Easy and made known onL"Although the heavy raia which fallearly lat weak save relief temporaryfrom the protracted drought which hasprevailed throughout Central Kentucky for more than a month, the intense hot weather has rapidly driedout the moisture, and reports from altover the Blue Grass region indicatethe prevalence again of a most seriouscondition to crops and the supply ofstock water.Considerable tobacco was 3et byhand as a result of the rains and a, still greater acreage has since been setw th planters, all of which has faredj badly from the effects of the hot sun,j and it is estimated that at least half'of that which was set has since perish-Many of the tobacco plants are getting too large to be set on the onehand, while on the other large areasthat were to have been planted in tobacco ara yet unprepared, as it is impossible to prepare the soil.Corn is doing well, especially wherethe ground was plowed early and laterput in condition, as soil so preparedconserves the moisture and cornmakes rapid growth.Pastures are drying- up and meadowsare beyond redemption. With haycommanding a price around 25 per tonand the oats crop almost ruined, itlouks as if Central Kentucky, for thecoming winter, will have to dependlargely upon corn for feed, as thescarcity of forage crops can now onlybe relieved by the planting of cowpeasand the sowing of millet and Hungarian grass.A Peek Into His Pocketwould- show the box of Bucklen7s Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y., always carries." I have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it would not soon heal,"ho writes. Greatest healer of burns,boils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,fever sores, skin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles. 25c at Oberdorfer?s.Ready to Hang Paper Now.We have succeeded lin rcatching upwith our work in hanging wall paperand can execute all contracts now enslnrt notice. Wo are offering thegreatest bargains in wall paper andhave hundred of patterns to selectfrom. Come early.J. T. HINTON.FOR RENT.Good stable, corner Tenth andHighstreets. Apply toWM. GRANNAN,Elks Building.amJ.ANDBuilding Lots." - .day of sale.Great Em Nay be !& OsIommV1sfe9.ST'-. SmMi 9.HARRIS& SPEAKES,' - - tr.v. .CmI iTaAAtA ---- -J-ic:- -- "s"jp- -y-Afc?vr &- T--. -.- . ?re r.2 '.-.j i.:,j yri,"' ",-. " V.-. . ' "A .MB BOURBON NEWS.(j?rmjfetr&kALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHING' School Children Enjoy Picnic.The children of the Catholic schoolenjoyed a picnic in the Burke woodland, a few miles from Paris Wednesday.Attend the Sale.Attend the auction sale of the Lenihan property on Vine street tomorrow,June 17, at 2 p. ra.Straw Hats at Discount.Straw hats at twtnty-five per centdiscount.BENNIE WE1SSBERG.Elected Secretary.At the meeting of the trustees ofGeorgetown College Tuesday, Frof.Robt. T. Hinton, was re-electeud secretary of the Board. Prof. Hinton isa son of Mr. W. M. Hinton, of thiscity, and for a number of years hasbeen connected with that institution.RARHENTOCX JUlW, JM1y-yfi- -? -"PEISONAL MENTION.Public Sale.See advertisement in another columnof the public sale of the Overbyproperty. Handsome city home andthree beautiful building lots. Sale at2:20 p. m. on June 27.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.-Police Court.In Police Court Tuesday morningJudge E. B. January imposed the following fines:"Kid" White, Hamilton. ()., drunk,$7.50; John Bryan, disorderly conduct,12.50; J. Washington, breach of peace,S7.50; George Cown, same, $7.50.A Beautiful Home.If you want a beautiful city homewith all modern improvements buy theOverby residence on Seventh street onJune 27. See ad in another column.Dennison Lunch Sets.lunchFull line of Dennison's jjaperset?, napkins, ice cups, etc.PARIS BOOK CO.Stock Sales.W. C. Daniel has sold to W. H.Whaley, Jr., a bunch of 2G0 lambs. IUUhead iur June delivery it G 1-4 centsper pound and the reaminder to be delivered about J uiy 15 at o$ cents perpound. The Baldwin Packing Company purchased GO head of fat hogs at5 1-2 cents tor immediate deilvery.Daring the Warm Days.Our feather-weight suits are as comfortable and refreshing as a coolingbreeze.J. W DAVIS & CO.Just Received.A new consignment of ladiespets, something fine and cheap.6 tf FELDS SHOE STOREslip.Three Examinations.There will he three examinations today at the office of Miss Mabel Robbins, County School Superintendent:one for State Teachprs' certificates,one for county teaehers' certificates,and a competitive A. & M. examination for admission to the State University at Lexington.Passe-partout Mottoes.See our beautiful line of nasse-Dar-tout mottoes and pictures just jreceived.PARIS BOOK CO.Big Deal in Grass Seed.Probablyjthe largest deal of the kindthat has ever taken place in this county was consummated a few days agowhen a local dealer in blue grass seedsold to another dealer for delirery inAugust 100.000 bushels of seed. Theexact price paid could not be learned,but it is said that the total amount involved in the transaction will be between ?lb0,000 and $175,000.Pure Leaf Lard.Simon pure leaf lard packed byArmour & Co. The only pure leaf lardmade. Fifteen cents per pound.T. C. LENIHAN.Robneel Grocery.Frankfort Today.The Lawmaker will be the attraction at White Park this afternoon inthe second game of the series and theRivermen wilj be here tomorrow for agame.Sunday's game will be piayed between the Bourbonites and the Coltson the Lexington grounds. Two special cars will leave Paris for Lexington and a rate of sixty cents for theround trip has been granted.For Summer.Lawvn swings, porch furniture, Vudor shades, porch rugs and hammocksfor summer.J. T. HINTON.Annual Home Sermon.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inbis pulpit Sunday morning at the usual hours. On this occasion Elder Morjran will preach the annual sermon on"Home." In the past this has beenone of the most interesting subjectsEld-.r Morganhas handled in the pulpit and it is safe to say his discourseen next Saobath will be equally asgood or better than any he has yet delivered. A special invitation is extended to the families of the community aswell as ..the members of the congregat n to attend thiservicc. Theri willfce wo preaching at night.Ctavcaiear Trtjierty.The LMihM property on Vise-streetto be mM at auetkxi Uawarow, June37. at lp. m., is ereisitt to tk L.& N raikfad. a 1 wars rets well sadvey eetxihje , " .. - -- r ' 'i-r -MisslCatherine Davis is visitmsrfrienda in Versailles.Mrs. Georgia Keller is improvingafter a serious illness.Miss Mae Thomas, of Richmond,is visiting Mrs. Homer Kiser.--Mrs. J. T. Martin, who has beenquite ill is recovering rapidly.Mrs. Marion Hall and daughterare visiting relatives in Lexington.Mrs; Sam Neely, of Cumberland,Md., is visiting Mr. and Mrs. Rnbt, J.Neely.Master Mori is H. Price is visitingbis cousin, Mrs. Nettie Straus, in Cincinnati. 3 Mrs. Chas. Smith, of LaGrange, isvisiting her son, Mr. L. I. Smith, inthis city.Mrs. E. S. Jouett, of Winchester,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs.Withers Davis.Mrs. Laura Wiggins'entertained atcards yesterday afternon at 'her homein the country.Mrs. B. M. Ucnick and childrenleft yesterday for Columbia, lenn.,for a month's visit.Mrs. Helen Baer and son, David,of Louisville, are the guests of Mr.and Mrs. Le Price.Miss Jd Davis has returned to herhome in Lexington after a visit to heraunt, Miss Anna May Davis.'The Bourbon Dancing Club willentertain with a dance at cilks Hall onTuesday evening, June 20.Mrs. R. S. Starks, of Milway, isvisiting her sisters, Mrs. EmilyParker and Mrs. Sallie Pullen.Miss Lillie Hoffman and Mr. A. J.Hartberger, of Maysville, were theguests of Miss Lyda Williams Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. D. C. McNamaraand little daughter, of Grand Rapids,Mich., are visiting relatives in Millersburg. Miss Katherine Withers has returned to her home in Lexington aftera visit to Miss Katherine Davis in thiscity.Mrs. W. C. Ussery and daughterMis3 Dorcas left yesterday from Kokbmo Ind. for a visit to Mrs. HenryJudy.Misses Betty Smith and ClaireBrannon are at the Eastern KentuckyNormal School at Richmond for a sixweeks' course.- Mra. Sidney Clay and "Miss NanWilson left Tuesday for Niagara Fallsand Buffalo, N. Y., where they willspend several weeks.t the Catholic church Sundaynrornin?. Rev. father Eugene DeBruynadministered First Communion to aclass of forty-five boys nd girls.The Ladies' Missionary Society ofthe Presbyterian church will meet atthe home of Mrs. Charlton Alexand erMonday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.Miss Katherine Owens, who hasbeen the guest of her cousins, theMisses Owens, on South Main street,has returned to her home in Middletown, Ohio.Miss Feebach and little niece,Stacy Cheatham, of Carlisle, who havebeen the guests of Mrs. G. E. YoungJfor the dedication of the Methodistchurch, have returned home accompanied by Mrs. Young.Mrs. Frank Clay entertained theSawing Club Thursday morning at herhome in East Paris. Ices and cakeswere served and while the other ladiesplied their needles, Mrs. D. C. Parrishread an interesting story to them.Barksdale Hamlett, Superintendent of the Public Schools of Hopkinsville, Clinton county, Democraticcandidate for State Superintendent ofPublic Instruction, was in Paris Tuesday in the interest of his candidacy.The Richard Hawes Chapter, U.D. C, will meet at their room in thecourt house Friday afternoon, June 16,at 3 o'clock. This will be an important meeting and a full attendance ofthe members is earnestly requested.Mrs. Joseph Rion left yesterdayfor White Fish, Mont, where she willvisit her daughter, Mrs W R. McPherson. She will remain until September1. Before wr return she will visit herson. Dr. Croxton Rion, in Seattle,Wash.Miss Mary Armstrong, who 'hasfrequently visited Mrs. Georgia Kellerand Miss Belle Mitchell in this city, isquite ill at her home in Cleveland,Ohio, but her condition is somewhatimproved. Her father, who is touringEurope, was cabled to return to hishome on account ot her illness.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Weston anddaugkter, Nellie, and Miss Hecker, ofLivingston, Mont., who have been theguests of Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Hancock, left yesterday for Baltimore,Md. Mr. Weston was a train dispatcher in the employ of the L. & N. andwas located in Paris about twentythree yea is ago.Misses Martha and Anna ColemanVanMeter, will entertain with a luncheon at their home in Winchester todayin honor of Miss Edna Earle Hinton,one of the attractive brides of June.Among those from Paris who will attend are Mrs. Louis Taylor Mrs. C. A.McMillan Miss Mary Fithian .Hutchcraft Mrs. John Davis. Mrs. WithersDavis and Miss Helen Hutchcraft.rfjBIRTHS.Born, on Monday, near. Jacksonville, to the wife of Claude Ransdall,a daughter.Twenty-Five Per Cent. Discount.All straw hats at twenty-five percent discount.BENNIE WEISSBERG.A Real Chance.You will never have a better chanceto secure a nice home or a beautifulbuilding lot than on June 27 hen theOverby property on Seventh Etreetwill be scld at 2:30 p. m. See ad inanother column.FOR RENT.Desirable five-room residence on thebest part of Vine street. Address box234. 16 3t'Strayed or Stolen.2 From my stable at the Cal StonerFarm, on the Little Rock pike, 2 1-2miles from Paris, on Tuesday night, adark bay horse, blind in one eye andhas one white hind foot, is about 14years old. Liberal reward for information as to his whereabouts.D. L. LEGGETT.Paris, Ky.,1G 3t R. F. U. No. 3.LOST.Warehouse receipt for three barrelsof Sam Clay whisky. Suitable rewardfor return toT. F.B RANNON.13 3t Paris, Ky.PUBLIC SALE-OP-Houscliold and Kitchen Furnitnre.Having disposed of my residence, Iwill, on the premises, in Eas' Paris,Wednesday, June 28th, 1911,at 10 oc'Iock a. nr., sell my household and kitchen furnituie. consistingof one dining room s? t, b?d room set,one handsome new brass Led, featherbeds, one old-foshioned chtst of drawers, druggets?, one fin Jtrsey milchcow and many other grticlrs.C F. D1DLAKE,Geo. D. Spralus, Auctioneer.V A Nice Home.: ''"The Lcnihan property ons Vint streetto be sold at public auction tomorrow,June 17, at 2 p. m.,is conveniently located and will make a nice home or asplendid investment.WE DOPlain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines, Automobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sam'l Kerslake & Son.All the Outdoors AwaitsYourKODAKBroKodaks $5 to $110wme iaRicras $1 to lCNotice to Contractors.Sealed bids will be received by theCounty School Superintendent for theerection of two school houses. One to ;be placed at Stony Point and the otherat Spear's Mill.Plans and specifications are now onfile at the County Superintendent'soffice, in the court house, Paris, Ky.,and can be inspected at any time.All bids must be lodged with theCounty Superintendent not later thanJune 20, 1911.(MISS) MABEL ROBBINS.County School Superintendent.Daugbertp Bros:-'-. -c . -5 - VVT". - i - " v----. -3.-- ' - - - -- " r"-Off vinHwifiiiiiiifn yLACE !JCURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days. -Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.iW. Ed. Tucker.IFEESCut RateCash SpecialsiIi:8Argo StarchThe Best Starch Made3 Five Cent Boxes For 10cStar Brand HamsThe Ham That Am,- Our Price per Pound15cL.FEE'SA FEW POINTERSYou cannot afford to miss this opportunity of becoming a charter member ofORDER OF OWLSWe now have over loo, 000 membersin the United States."We are organized in all states.No matter where you may travelyou can find, an Owl Nest (whichmeans friends).There is no other Fraternal Societythat offers you protection of Six Dollars per week for three months.One Hundred Dollars at your death.Free medical attendance and socialfeatures.AH For 50 Cents a Month.$5 Charter FeeDo not fail to be at the institutionof the Order of Owls. When Chartercloses it will cost you I23.Nest to be instituted July 0th, Lexington, Ky.For further information, call on orwrite Harry and Henry Jones, 211 W.Short Street, Lexington, Ky.IExcursion!Paris, Ky., toCincinnati, O.;And ReturnVIARough or Smooth.Whatever you like in a straw hatyou'll. find It here. $1.50 to Sb.J. W. DAVIS & CO.DEATHS.Edward, the ten-days-old 'son ofMr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan, died atthe home of his parents Wednesdayrflf ht'of pneumonia. The burial tookplace yesterday afternoon in the Alt.Olivet Catholic cemetery in this city.HttWeatktr Furnishings. . .: For TiQation wear. Eyerytiiagf na tbraiffkt nhirt f jtkrt jmt ria.S2SSSunday, June 18, '11.BASE BALLCincinnati vs. BrooklynFare $1.50 Round Trip.' Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions..For further inform ation apply to - -W: H. HARRIS. ArOtrH3EI am exclusive agent forVucior iPorch Shadesand JrammocJcsI have only a few left and am closing themout at exceptionally low prices.These Goods Are theBest MadeCOOL,S30VHS HDHOdOpl9 i(1JHjwt(ut3 9t inq nti aas otd wf$MM1lavMXF-7 I " mmmm' lSl wffn mlkr! CM '-Jj3telJM"M""Every Refrigerator Left MustBe Sold!Our Business on Refrigerators has been Ntremendous, having been compelled torebuy three different times butA Few Left at Big ReductionsCome in and get aLawn Swing, Porch Chair,Porch Swing, orPorch RugI cannot afford to carry them over.A few folding Lawn Benches 75c. Good ones.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating,TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. a- Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.I f IP UIiriPAlTX '- : --.1 H - - ' BHbb " - o .' aM aaar 'a Baa -aav" aaM, aaas - " awi?jL43II:xI-V -A.r1o : --TT-1W-if. -v-;-J.jw..4wyjs.t.,uo.. . aor DS. 'JORDAN. A, -tU rj..c-. r-" -."?v5.r:-i.,f - r .- iTT?7sj'PFrTHE BOURBON; NEWS, ' PARIS, KENTUCKY, .'IN1911.MICHELINSA Lion Tamed-xjflfgmiw V".E M. F.30Touring Car $1,000By R. W. KENANCopyright by American Press Association. 1911.r.K"i::JPX, "M"r aiiSMi 1r- r--(M) Anti-Skids (m)AjSkid I ,. ! -tough, flexible,IN STOCK BYBourbon Garage & Supply Company,Corner ot FourthProfessional CardsJ jr. wiltjIams,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.jloom 1 Elks Building.i Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T 13C.Office Phones( Home 13-5.E. T. 31.( Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and .j, Elk's Bld'gP&ris, - KentuckyHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestI j?iwe EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.suglGtfTCast Tenn. Pho e G(9Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 3 Co.'s Bank, 'BepresentingOld Reliable Companies. 'Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.After The Grippe"I am much pleased, to be able to write and thankyJUff pg?? done for me," writes Mrs. SarahJ. Gilhland, of Siler City, N. C"Last February, I had the Grippe, which left me inbad shape. Beiore that, I had been bothered with femaletrouble, for ten years, and nothing seemed to cure itiu 4 !?,st' began t0 take Cardui. I have taken onlythree bottles, but it has done me more good than all thedoctors or than any other medicine I ever took."Jfe CARDUIThe Woman's TonicFor the after-effeefs of nnv cprTnuc linnet, v.u iu-I Grip, Cardui is the best tonicIt builds strength, steadies the nerves, improves the-appetite, regulates irregularities and helps bring back the-jutural glow of health..NSd.ui is your best friend, if you only knew it.-" ?ink: of the thousands of ladies whom Cardui hashelpedl What could possibly prevent it from helping you?Remember you cannot get the benefit of the Carduiingredients in any other medicine, for they are not lor salem any drug store except in the Cardui bottle. Try Cardui.Write . Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooca Medice Co.. CkHinnnn t-UtUt&tllAstructiotu, asdft-paeebook,:mlHigli, Paris. Ky.0. Dctcrman,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting- yourBrick Work.I REFERENCE:-See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.! 920 Main St., 'Phones 586.IEndures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.mSSSSSSiSSmSSSSSSSmIn the cure of consumption.concentrated,easiIydigestednourishment is necessary.For 35 yearsScott's Emulsionhas been the standard,world-wide' treatment forconsumption. ahdvou can use. 'llocTreaetfcWaBa"MtfcccA good many years ago, when the-Union Pacific railroad was being built,one going across tlie continent wasobliged to travel by stage a good partof the way. One day a coach loadedwith passengers was going up anddown the uneven country formed bythe Rocky mountains. The drivers ofthose coaches were usually excellentmen and very expert In driving sixhorses over the zigzag roads. Indeed,they were like the engineer of a railway train who holds the lives of thosebehind him in bis hand. But in thiscase if the driver was expert he wasnot careful of the lives of his passengers. Rather, he was Just the reverse.In going down a grade he would gollcklty-spllt, turning curves over precipices, slurring the coach to the veryedge, to the horror of those for whomhe was driving.The women, at first, when passingthrough one of these dangers, wouldhold on to what was nearest to themfor dear life, but would finally cry outwith terror. Some of the men expostulated with the driver, but were told sofiercely to shut up that none of themdared to enter further protest Besides, they saw that what they saidonly incited him to new violence.Beside the driver sat a young manin a checkerboard suit. He did notjoin the others in endeavoring to stopthe man's recklessness, though he wasnearest to him. He kept his armsfolded, balancing himself as the stagecareened like a ship, both sidewaysand fore and aft He was not overfive feet six inches high and not especially thick in proportion to his height.The driver being six feet tall andheavy in proportion, it was not to bewondered that the little man held hispeace.The coach had made one of Its breakneck descents and had reached leveltravelling, with a gradual ascent ahead,when the man in a checkerboard suitsaid to the driver in a low tone:"Been drinking?""Naw. Haven't taken a drink in ayear.""Reckon you're right I could smellit if you had. Well, seein' you're not jdrunk, what you tryin' to spill usfor?"The driver turned and looked downon the little man contemptuously."See here, young feller," he thundered, "do you know what passengersgits for interferin' with ribbon holders?" "Xo. Do they get shot?""Git shotl Do you suppose I'dwaste good lead on your little carcass?" "Well, what would you do if I were,' to interfere with your drivln'?"! "I'll tell you what I'd do-I'd justJ bring my arm around and wipe youI off into the road.") The outside passengers sitting behind! the two were interested in their conversation. The little man asked theI questions in a childlike fashion, as at small boy would ask them, the bigi man always responding with the growl' of a Hon. When the driver spoke thei last words the horses had come to tboj beginning of the ascent and hadi dropped into a walk. Suddenly thej man in the checkerboard suit seemedto double up like a jaekknife. Bracing' his back against the (op of the- coachi behind him, he put his feet against -thedriver, gave a shove, and the l'-g manlanded ten or twelve feet below iu theroad.This was not all. The little manjumped after him and landed besidehim. The big man got half way upon his feet when the little man planted a blow on his jaw and rolled himover again. The big man made another attempt to rise, and the little manhit him another crack, with the sameresult. Then, throwing off his checkerboard coat, the latter said:"Git up!"This time the driver was permittedto rise and rushed for his tormentorlike a bull. xThe tormentor was notin the line of rush, but as the driverpassed he received a blow under thechin that leveled him again with theyjnd. lie was allowed to rise afterthis when knocked down and everytime lie arose was sent back where heearner from. He was a strong man, buthis adversary played with him as acat would play with a mouse. Finallythe driver's strength was all spent, andhe lay in the road like a log.One of the outside passengers hadcaught the reins and brought the horsesto a stand, and the passengers had witnessed the fray.As soon as it was evident that thej lion could neither bite nor roar anymore every passenger jumped from thecoach and surrounded the little man.Every man grasped his hand and everywoman kissed him. He looked verymuch disconcerted, as though he weregetting credit for whipping a rebelliousterrier."You don't understand," he said."Understand what?" some one asked."Why, this is in the line of my business." "You bet!" shouted one of the party."You don't know who I am. I'm thechampion featherweight of the world,and I'm going to Frisao to give SandyBlake a chance to get It away fromme."Climbing to the driver's seat, he tooktie reins and, leaviag the vanquishedman lying In the road, drove on asbe bad been as used to the ribbons" nsto the gloves. What became' of thedriver none of the passengers everknew or cared.j.T"POWER To go anywhere.iSSSJWFore-Door Model $1100;BourbonIS-i:utyicwtfioodino Blood and KidneyTablet cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gent'emen:-KinJIy send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodend Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box jou sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden I Son.Druggist,.rCHARLES W.H0LLIBAY &. SETTLECarriage and Repair shod at Paris. Ky.,TwentyLEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates 'We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show yonour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Lumber & M'f 'qYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.r. O. B. DetroitpMgMgM-- i mmm in i i i ip urn hi . -- . ... . i T -RELIABILITY-Noneeverlworelout.ECONOMY-Easy on tires and fuel.APPROVED-Bv 25.000! owners.Roadrster ModelfrlOOO; DetachableDemi-Tonneau $1050Oarage & SupplyCor, 4th and High Sts., Parjs, Ky.xsk,i.timAiP5Have Stood The Testifettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-fwo years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style .they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords inpatentleather, black and tanRussia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. M9Wil!ams9No moretickets given on raffle until further noticeRilSaGfl - W.tPSUCCESSORS TOInvites the Public Patronage.- five years experience in the business.IncorporatedCo.- ?1HECK,JCombany,PARIS, KY.wK?-vHome Phone 12; E.T. 530-. Cm- 'A. r-V-svXJHE - BOUftBON jiEWS, PAIUS,; .KEffrUCKY, . JUNE 16 191 i..-ie vnn imvc ' emiri w iYOUNGSTER TRY THIS FREEThe 'family with young childrenthat is without sickness in the housenow and then is rare, and so it is important that the head of the houseshould know what to do in the littleemergencies that arise. A child witha serious ailment needs a doctor, it istrue, but in the majority of instances,as any doctor knows, the child suffersfrom some intestinal trouble, usuallyconstipation.There is no sense in givingit a pillor a remedy containing an opiate, noris flushing of the bowels to be alwaysTecommended. Rather give it a smalldose of a mild, gentle laxative toniclike Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which, by cleaning out the bowels andstrengthening the little stomach muscles, will immediately correct the trouble. This is not alone our opinion butthat of Mrs. N. H. Mead of Freeport,Kan., whose granddaughter has beentaking it successfully and of Mrs. J.R. Whitinc of Lena, Wis., who crivesI mill !Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.TTawkino-. Hnifctincr. foul breafeh. discharges of yellow matter permanent-ii no ner cuuaren ana taiccs it nersen. ny cured with pure oocanicai m&ieuIt is sold in fifty cent and one dollar ients. To prove it we will send yon abottles at everv druer store, but if vou R amplk TREATMENT YRE&want to test it in your family before Catarrh is not only dangerous butyou buy it send .your address to Dr. it causes ulcerations, death and decayCaldwell and he will forward a trial of bones", kills ambition, often causesbottle free of charge.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell,402- Caldwell building, Monticello.J 111.FOR SALE.National Cash " Register, latestpatern. Will sell cheap for cash.Call phuneJ72S E. T., or address undersigned.FRENCH THOMPSON,FOR RENT.!" our room house, large barn amiother outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in the city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS.3t'aiis, Ky. i24 tfor GEO. RASSENFOS3Baldwin racKmg o.,i"ThelModelPackinglPlant,Respectfully solicits your patronage.All -pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.SSSLWe ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce. 3 g&3 ncr-aZ For sale by all f irst-class grocersanddealers.JBaldwinPacking Co.Paris, Kentucky.I1 loss of appetite, and reaches to gen-1 eral debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it byi talcinir Bofcaric Blo'xl Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by .Varden & Son.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?Wt have had bo many Inquirieslately regarding Eczema and other'kin diseases, that we are glad tomake our, answer public. After careful Investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of Itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because 7lt enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.HER -FIRSTLOVE MESSAGEBy MOLLIE K. WETHERELLCopyright by American Press Association. 1911.The Brown Pivot-BeamBiding Cultivator.mBANK STOCK.BLOm 'nil I Sirvsrm Hx 'Privately or nublicW. d!icJ I jhXtJ I II I'' AUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY.Jf you wish to sell your taak stosfcit with14 men 3mE. T. pfeoM'fM.F IFI 'MmmFool Treadles attached to the Beams which connect with the sleeve arch infront, so that the forward pressure of the foot shafts the beams' in their lateralmovement.When the beams are yoked togrther with our unique Adjustable Spreader, the,forward motion of the operator's foot movej the beams in a like direction, andwhen used independently, a small coil spring on each beam is brought into action,so when pressing forward with the foot, the beams move away from the plant andwithout any effort on the part of the operator the spring brings them back to therow.With this construction, any desired penetration is secured through Brown'sPatent Hitch in connection with levers ; and in addition, the operator has the advantage of pressing directly on the beam with tfie foot, thus enabling him to peifectly regulate the depth of plowing regardless of the irregularity of the soil.The power or leverage through the agency of these foot treadles is practicallydouble that of any other device and the action on the beams is not only powerfulbut the beams respond quickly to the pressure of the foot.Distance between beams can be changed quickly withcut operator leaving theseat. Movable axles so that wheels can be adjusted to track any desired distanceapart. 'This cultivator is easily adjusted to balance with any weight of operator. Atest will prove it tli3 best.Yerkes & Kenney,Parish Kentucky-V ,.. iJohnny Cosgrove was a station agenton the G. T. and W. railway. Johnnyhad been at school with Mabel Town,and they were very great friends.Mabel lived about a mile from thestation, not far from the track, andJohnny, In order that he might chatwith her daring the lonely eveningswhen he was obliged to stay at thestation with but little to do, rigged aprivate wire from the telegraph lineextending along the railroad to Mabel'shouse, introducing it in at her window. Then he put in the rest of theapparatus, and the two youngsterscould chatter through the keys likemagpies.The principal time for these conversations was after Mabel had gone toher room and ostensibly to bed. butreally to chat with Johnny, nor roomwas in an extension where the clickingof the key was not likely to disturbany one else In the house, though noone objected to their dialogues, because Mabol was supposed to be fittingherself for a telegraph operator.One evening Jobuiiy. hud been talking with Mabel us usual. It was astormy night, and. being all alone In hl3office and consequently very louely, bekept her at the Instrument late.Mabel had been In bed perhaps anhour when she heard in her sleep thecall that Johnny and she used to attract each other's attention. Sometime was required for her to wake up,and when she did she heard the machine clicking. She began to read Inthe middle of sentence:"He's gone around to the other door.I've locked it, but be can smash awindow easily. There! He's gettingin and coming for me."There was a brief lull, during whichMabel, who by this time was wideawake, waited, fearing that she wouldhear no more. It was evident that arobber had broken into the station. Itoccurred to her that the first thinghe would do would be to order Johnnyaway from the instrument that hemight not be able to give the alarm.She was therefore surprised when theclicking began again."He has ordered me to keep on worklncr the kev. covering me with his revolver. He says the minute I stopworking it he will put a hole in myhead. I see his object. He knowsthere is no station near enough for meto send word and get assistance before he has Gnished what he has todo. and while using the key my righthand is employed so that I can't attack 'or shoot him. I can hear him going toward the safe, which he can dowithout risk so long as he hears tboclicking of my key."There followed a few seconds ofsilence, during which Mabel held herbreath, and when the sounds recommenced they did not mean anything.Doubtless the robber had turned andordered Johnny to keep on. Mabel ranto her brother's room, awakened himand told him what was going on atthe station. Henry Town got out ofbed. dressed himself as quickly as possible, put a revolver in his pocket anda rifle on his shoulder and started forthe station. Meanwhile Mabel wentback to the telegraph Instrument, r.Mwhen the clicking ceased for a fewmoments began to tell Johnny whatshe had done and that her brother wascoming. It required some time for herto get the message through, for everytime Johnny stopped the robber, whowas working at the safe lock, turnedand ordered him to proceed. ButJohnny managed to hear a few words,such as "coming" and "courage," andknew that he was tc be relieved. Butwhether the man would succeed inopening the safe before some one cameto stop him was a question. He wasevidently a skillful cracksman, the safewas a very ordinary one, and he actedas if he counted on getting it openedbefore assistance could arrive. Hedrilled a hole in the lock and began towork the tumblera.He bad not been engaged more thantwenty minutes when Johnny, facing"the window as he did, saw a figuredimly looming up in the darknesswithout He was so agitated that heceased to work the key. The' robberturned and sent a bullet close to hisear. At first Johnny thought the shothad been fired at the figure without,but an order to "go, on" convincedhim of his mistake. ,,,The" burglar again turned his backand recommenced his work. Thenthere were sounds of dropping tumblers, and Johnny heard the safe doorpulled open. At the same momentthere was a "crack" at the window.leaving a small hole. Somethingdropped behind Johnny, and, turning,he saw the' robber lying on the floor,blood oozing from a hole in his head.Springing to the-window, he unlocked it, and Henry Town steppedinto the room.The first thing Johnny did was toclick the news to Mabel, and the reply was the first message embodyinglove that passed between tbem.It happened that Johnny had considerable cash in the sae, which he intended to send in the next morning.This the robber doubtless knew. Thefact of so much money being savedthrough Mabel disposed the companyto liberality, and they sent her ahandsome check. A year later, whenshe and Johnny were married, theysent another for a wedding presentAt the. same time they promotedJohnny to one of the largest stationsCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. -Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anvstage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical imrrpd-ents. To provo it we will send you a JOAiurijjj; TKJtiAXAlJaalT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood tfalm.) All syrapthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, l per large bottle, with directions for hoxxie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical adviceSold by Varden & Son.tlkMmmmmUOVZH M YEAJWTIssssssisssssssr TradcDcstanej rCowmcHTS Ike.Anyone sending a sketch and dcMrivtkm marquickly ascertain oi:r opinion free whetbriuvont,lon a probably patentable. Coaiwplwitiona strictly confidential. HANQMOK oa Pataaugent free. OMeat agency for secartnirMteBta.Patents taken through Jlnnn A Co. rectlrctpteial notictt without charge, la thaScientific America!.A handsomely Illnstratcd weekly.jATV60C Wi"-Terms, m adilation of. any PCicntlUc journal.year: four rncntba.SL. SoldbyaUneirsdaalaH.MUNN SCo.'s .Hew YirtBranch Office. G5 F St. Waaahurtoc. D. C.given.flPSBSSB3l flSrArSSBKHot and ColdBATH S 'Hot and cold bathsEverything: neat andbarbers always readytrade. No Ions; waitsyto wait , tk.You are atst.M. A. KAHAL.-gSSHBSSSSSSst-One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.xV moderately priced one, too.Ef you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have rnad6 extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.mmvaaI SSslsSSSmONEROP-5TM1aom the throat cf a "s9Tnchlclzcn destrors the votaaand saves i.3 chick''; lile. Afew droyj in the drirvkir.i; -water"CUR EIS ar.cJ -PREVZMTSCAPESTThilojl'-rrhoca zrJl ether chlciOne 5- IVrfilc ofu: JC-j iz'sllr? Gisf eIc:... t f ?li j Miotic 3 CFor Sale by W. T. Brooks.kc9au;rmmmmmmmmmmmwBmmw VWW T fl WW WWST Sj Sf WSW SfWSJ1 Meet us face to Pace!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat. in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00Twin BrosL. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Suits, gmBSSkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmBJSSF Sf 'Ww WW WW wwm m lm vvVW BS' mm 4IW VW flW w VVW fSSBj IBsJSVmReadmTwin Bros,Advertisement AnnouucingSBSSSSB -$ Big Advertisement Annouucing 8m . A " Big dale ICommencing June 10. ITWIN BROS., 1SS Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MaiN mWIK Paris, KentuckyWjI '"-wBssssl sssssssssssTsisBssssBsss1BSafssslBPBssssssnsyVT ssBssJrSJcm the road, emu: mm a ce:-" - a iJ' fKzcurate salary.: -.:--I -'- -.: ' 7 - -' .THE URTONNEWS, PAIOS KENTUCKY; Jl&E167 iin. . ; w ' - -. ''- "S,I -iI IK-LMILLE1SBU1G ITEMS.Mrs. A. S. Best left Tuesday for afw days' visit to fcicnda at Mt. Ster-Master Harry Koche left Tuesday toipeid the summer with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. Kcche, at Philadelphia,. Mrs. Joe V. Mock and children returned Tuesday after several weeks'visit to her grandfather, Mr. Carr, atCarr's Landing.Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught ofParker Ind., and Mr. J. T. Judy and" family, the latter of Millersburg, werein Lexington Tuesday.Every thine is in readines for thegatcs'prcsent fronT all the diatricts ofthe Kentucky Conference includingBishop Jaa. H. McCoy from Birmingham, Ala. Thia promises to fee themost"interesing meeting of its kind inthe History of the Kentucky Conference, as the Epworth League .Conference is a new feature in the conference woik, having been only identifiedwith it the past few jeare. Prior tothis time it hsd been operated asdistrict work. It brings together arepresentation of the cultured, religious people. The program is an interesting one and every ctey until itsclose will be busy ones. Bishop Jas.H. McCoy will be here during theentire time and will preach en Wednesday, Thursday and Friday evenings.He is also on the piogram fnr severaltilks in the business meetings, lie is- Epworth League Conference which one of the foremost men of the M. L.convenes on Tuesday evening, June 29,at the Methodist church and continuesthrough the following Friday night.This will be ono of the largest religious gatherings ever held in Millersburg. There will be about 150 dele-church, South, and it will be a treatand well worth one's time and moneyto hear him. The work of assigninghomes is progressing nicely and thecommittee will be able to take care ofall the delegates comfortably. TheV- -. i."i. c. tjt. :rLooking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money When BuyingYour Clothing, Shoes or FurnishingWe are the only house that has small expenses, therefore we can save you moneyby purchasing your wants with us. Giveus a trial and you will be convinced thatwe are the cheapest house in the city.You are getting more goods for the samemoney Same goods for less money.hotel and bearding home will be ablato accommodate all visitor who attendthe meetings and it 'will bo well forall those intending to7do so to write inadvance to Rev. T. W. Watts, pastorof the M. E. Church, South. Amongthe distinguished Kentuckians in theEpworth League work who will bepresent will be Prof. J. G. Crab be.President Eastern Kentucky StateNormal School, Richmond ; Mrs. J. E.Gruobs, Winchester; Mrs. J. O. Newland, Stanford; Dr. Josephine Hoggins, Frankfort; Mrs. J. H. Spillman,Hairodsburg ; Miss Sallie Buford, NewCastle ; Rev. Leonidas Robinson, Shelby ville; Rev. A. R. O'Rear, Cynthiana;W. 0. Fuller, Paris; Miss' Violette Kenaker, Cynthiana; Rev. G. W.Crutchfield, Richmond; Rev. W. E.Arnojd, Carlisle, and Rev. T.W. Barker. June Clearance Sale began Monday,June 12, and will continue throughSaturday, June 24. Everything in theway of furniture is greatly reduced.Call on us before our stock has beenpicked over. These goods will be solafor cash only.JOE MOCK.CLINTONVILLE ITEMS.NQftf fl MIDDLETOWN ITEMS.ISpecial Sale for 15 Days Only on Trunks,Cases and Valises.SuitTHE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY.Services at the Clintonville Christian church next Lord's Day, June 18,at 11 a. m. and 8 p. m. Morningtheme, "The promise of Long Life onEarth," text, Ephesians 6 2, "Honorthy father and mother, which is thefirst commandment with promise, thatit may be well with thee, and thoushalt have long life on the earth"Children's Day exercises at 8 p. m Apretty program is arranged by Mrs.Varden Shipp. Come and enjoy it.Sunday cshool at 10 a. m. The LoyalClasses will meet with tMiss EtheleneSmith Saturday, June 17, at 8 p. m.Operators Held to Account.In France the operators of aeroplanes are held responsible for damage done to persons or property whencoming to the earth. In two casessuch operators have been found guiltyof homicide and punished, althoughthe punishment was not as great asthat for other forms of the same crime.A Terrible lilunder.to neglect liver trouble.Neve do it.Take Dr. King's New Life Pills onthe first sign of constipation, biliousness or inactive bowelB and preventvirulent indigestion, jaundice or gallstones. They regulate liver, stomachand bowels and build up A'our health.Onlv 25c at Oberdorfer's.You Get More For YourMoney!itr MReceive More Liberal Treatment, will be Better Satisfiedwith what you Purchase Here than Elsewhere.We make it a rule to sell Footwear that haveduality, Style and MeritGoods that you can take an honest pride in possessing and that give goodwearand are splendid bargain values.Special Value Bargains For This Week:Special $1.99LadieslPeek-a-Boo Pumps in Gun Metal,Patent Colt and Velvet. They are ingreat demand now, and are splendid values at the price. Worth $2.50Special $1.49Men's Olive Elk Outing Shoes, Elk soleand heels. Worth $2.AIMen's $2.50 and $3.00Metal and Patent Colt.Oxfords in GunIThis is a dainty strapless, high gradePump, made on special lasts, thus assuringa smooth, graceful fit; We have them inSatin, Gun Metal and Patent Kid. Theymust be seen to be appreciated. Worth $4Special $2.99Special $1.99Boy's Elk Outing Shoes, the ideal SummerShoe for sung men.Special $ 1 .24We are now Showing a fine assortment of Ladies' White High ButtonShoes, Smart Pumps, with or withoutstraps.. WE SAVE YOU MONEYWalk-Over Oxfords will make life'swalk easy for you. We aresole agentsx HP.'9vDAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - - Paris, Kentucky JAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGN . IMiss Lena Scrofgini.of "Louiiville,is viiitiog Mrs. J. J. Redmoo.Messrs.. James Bobbins and DavisPatrick went to Danville yesterday onbaisness.Mrs. T. Helm Clay has returned toParis after a visit to her daughter.Mrs. J. T. Collins.Mrs-. Nellie Dick and son, Samuel,of Lexington, are visiting friends inthis community.Prof. E. M. Costello, who recentlyclased his school in Paris is spendinghis summer vacation here.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Dennis have returned home after a sojourn of abouteight -months at Long Beach, Cal.Miss Willie Agan McNamara, ofMillersourg, has returned home aftera visit to her aunt, Mrs. Wm. Bowling.Mrs. Myrtle Walker will leave forNew York about June 19 from whichplace she will sail for Europe, whereshe will spend several months.Mr. C. T. Evans, of Winchester,who has just returned from Oklahoma,where he has been for the benefit ofhis health, was the guest this weekof his sisters, Mr$. A. G. Jones andMrs W. M. Jones. Mr. Evans' healthis greatly improved.Sunday ac 11 a. m. Elder J. W.Ligon will preach on "The Saint'sRest." In the evening his subjectwill be "The Rock in the Desert." At3 p. m. the Children's exercise willbegin, they having been postponedfrom June 3. A good crowd is expected. Miss Bertha Morgan, -of Massachusetts, as recently .elected principal of the Kentucky Classical andBusiness College, vice Tref. Henry M.Pyles, who resigned to accept a position with an instituticn in Virginia.Miss Morgan come highly recommended and is a teacher of .wide experience.Frightened to Dclli.A man died at Hanley, England, under curious circumstances lately.While a boiler was being stocked atthe Deep Pit, two loud explosionstook place. They were caused by theautomatic opening of a valve, butSamuel Raybould, one of the stokers,exclaimed: "That's frightened me todeath," and, falling, he instantly expired.Our Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" onlv car-Iriesthe very best in Solid Silver IQtiJ urn rriim irkii onirfkinflr WA GL11VI WV; VGII1 2CJLVW VTV UI1 J UIlllKfrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,Both Phones.BjU'The House of Quality."Jaf a.!. T .! . A. tit ! mlm ataataaAa Maata t.m Mt tww 1t tw tIt 'WtWt tMt 9mt fSpecial SaleOF'itMoney to Loan.We have completed arrangementswnereoy we can loan you all the.money that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from $2,000 up. at the lowrate of h per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at 5A per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.O. K. COLLIER, Agent,14a3m liurst Home Insurance Co.S For one week we will show at greatly reducedprices the latest patterns and decorations of Havi-& iana ana oiner rrencn manuraciurers, wiuv or& without initial or monogram. To those interestedin a nanasome dinner or tea set, we wouia aaviseIf9 t 4 f4 1liiyipi uiaoo uimiiiinaiu2them "To take a look."FORD & CO.See Window Display.:lA Sale of FurnitureWe are going to have a sale. Weare going to change prices oneverything going to make them a lot .easier for you to buy.There is nothing in it for us, but it will giveus the use of some ready cashand it will acquaint some more ofyou people with the sort ofFurniture that we sell.And these are worth while.Sale Starts Saturday, June 1 7,And Lasts Until July 1 7.We enumerate some items which givesyou an idea of what we aregoing to do in the way of price paring.(0)Davenports was $30Brass Beds was $30Iron Bed? was $20Iron Beds was $15Iron Beds was $10Iron Beds was $5Straw Mattings was 40cMatting was 30c ,Matting was 25c9x12 Brussels Rugs was $25now $25.00now 25.00.....now 15.00nov 10.00now 5.00.. ...now 2.50now .30now .25now 12 1-2..... now $18.00'The New Better Value StoreC. ML Wheeler Farniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingBOTH TELEPHONES '0vXAlV?rrlA-u. y-t:t. . -'J-: -- ?".Jtt VS--&?31?!JVs-.-.