THE BOURBON NEWS.a-f . . ,f$fcVPUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1911.cJBiiaLUMBERYARDon&ASMrM)JASs4SftsOS4ftftftlOSfX-r .mfMfrisks lrsr tvasfesm.&KAZwmWe Cordially Invte Youto inspect our beautiful andextensive display ofLadies', Misses' and Children'sReady-to-Wear Garmentsand MillineryComplete Line of RaincoatsWatch For the Next SpecialSimon Department StoreI Iy 'r -'-' ''fWe Save You Money! IWSI?As We Sell For Cash OnlyvStandard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs $1.00- WPure Hog Lard, per lb 12 l-2c S$White Bacon, per lb 10c WFat Bacon, per lb ., 12c tyBreakfast Bacon in the piece, per lb . . 20cLenox Soap, 3 bars 10c $jffLenox Soap, 8 bars 25c '!Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50c j!JAi'go Starch, 3 boxes 10cBlueing, 2 boxes rrr. :.. . : i 5c flbThe best Gun Powder Tea, per lb '. 75c ijffGood Quality Gun Powder Tea, per lb 50c j?Preserving Pears, per bu $1.00 yWBLUE RIBBON 'The Flour of Quality jYou Have Tried the Rest, Now Try the Best. WBhi2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65 $KBlue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30 ttBlue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55T. O. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,Fire Which Broke Out in StableEntailed Heavy Loss toBourbon CompanyHIGH WIND . FANS BLAZEProperty Before it ThreatenedUntil Firemen Get ControlHeavy DamageMrw&&TrVA'i 37"4 7V' - "VVki t7 tw'I Tv4 vjva 7Vi' iVii'ii ftal!JB'Boys Clothing!i5a?rvWe Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50to$10.00in alQhe latest colors and styless&&k7s-fttfP66WE KNOW MOW"Boys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.mGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.Hi!DrFire, which broke out Friday morning about 11 o'clock, in a small stablein the rear of Curtis Henry's groceryat the corner of Fourteenth and Mainstreets, entailed a loss estimated at$15,000, and for a time threatened destruction to everything before it.The origin of the fire is unknown,but it is supposed a spark from burning paper on the street near the stablestarted the blaze which was one of themost destructive in the city since thecourt house was burned several yearsago.The blaze in the stable was not discovered until it had gained considerable headway, and fanned by a heavysoutheast wind it spread rapidly andthreatened the property before it.The fire was discovered by Mr. J as.Stivers, who sent in an alarm frombox 34. The department respondedimmediately. In a few minutes several lines of hose were at work on theblaze but inadequate water pressure allowed the flames to get beyond controlof the firemen. After consuming thesmall stable, the fire eat its way intothe portion of the yard of the Bourbon Lumber Company where wasstored all of the finest dressed lumberof the firm.The seasoned wood being highly inflamable, was rapidy consumed and thefire raging fiercely, caught the twostory brick building, the first floor ofwhich was occupied by Mr. Henry asa grocery store, and the second floorby Mrs. Prebble, who conducted boarding quarters. A few minutes beforethe tire was discovered Mrs. Prebblereceived a telegram announcing thedeath of her father, Mr. Owens, .atMt. Sterling. Most of her effectswere saved from destruction.The building was badly .damagedThe firm of Curtis Henry & Co., carried a stock valued at about $6,000,which was damaged to a great extentby fire and water. They carried $3,000insurance. Considerable amount ofstock was taken from the building asnoon as it was evident the fire couldnot be checked and moved to the storeroom in the Templin building, whereSaturday morning the store was opened for business.The fire spread to such an extent itwas thought for a time it would benecessary to call on Lexington for assistance. The fire engine was broughtinto service, which rendered valuableassistance in checking the flames.1 After destroying tne shed used lostorn the fine dressed lumber the blazegut to the large piles of timber in theyard andthreatened destruction to theentire stock of the company and wasgradually making its way toward theresidence of Mr. Harry Stamler. Sparkscarried by the high wind made itdangerous to other property in theneighborhood and a sharp lookout waskept at the yard of the Templin Lumber Co., more than a square away.' At one time the winds changed inthe direction of the tanks of thebtandard Oil Company, close to thoscene of the fire and all efEorts werecentered in fighting the fire away fromthis point, as one tank contained gasoline, and the damage which wouldhave followed an explosion could notbe estimated.I However the wind changed from thiscourse and blew in the direction of thnegro suburb of Claysville, which,separated from the scene of fire by thetracks of the L. & N. railroad, gaverhe firemen an opportunity to surroundthe blaze and confine it to the burningarea. Thu railrond company had twoof its largest engines employed andwith two lines of hose manned, andother members of a crew of workmenacting as a relief, poured volumes ofwater on the fire.The firemen and volunteers workedwith all eneigy until the fire was wellunder control. Mayor Hintcn was onthe scene and directed the movementsof the men For four hours the battlewith the flames continued before itwas evident the fire was under complete control.When the fire engine was broughtinto play the conflagration was at itsheight. With the low water pressurethe firemen couldjiot thope to confinethe flames to the yard, but with twolines of hose from the steam apparatus, the pressure was sufficient to control the flames.All Friday night water was pouredon the fire. Abouc eight o'clock thefull department was called again asthe fire had broken out again but itwas soon under control.The house occupied by the groceryis owned by Mr. Thompson H. Tarr.One end was burned entirely away,and the front was damaged by water.The upper floor had just been newlyfurnished and it was badly damaged.The Bourbon Lumber Co. lostheavily as a result of the fire, thelarge shed of fine lumber being totallydestroyed and other lumber to thevalue of thousands of dollars, wasburned and charred. A correct estimate or the entire loss cannot be madeand will not be determined for severaldays.RED GOOSEtWhat is the RED GOOSE? It is a hoy's shoethat will never wear out, and will keep his feet drygoing to school this winter. Our Boys' ClothingDepartment is filled with this snenial Kn rf SVirwhich we have bought so you won't have to buy 5ft at it (knnr'MTnur. 1.... T 1! I I 1 II,,vty oiiwco cvciy twu monm5.jtiaKe a iook at our uwindow and remember the Red Goose.inBOYS' CLOTHINGin all the new colors, single breasted and doublebreasted coats, Knickerbocker pants, made withdouble seat and knees.Everything For Boysyou can find at our store, as we are the only store in town that has ajspecial department for little fellows.!i? Rnvc trrra in on1 A olr A Umi4 4-1- OvJ CBanks in the Window.Mitchell & Blakemore9OutfittersParis, Kentuckysi4&k A0&t iH M1 MM i i MIIiiilM .jf' iwnaaiMM. ."w .. . . -fcr ""' ! ' m "i "m wvw mwmmv i' WHHHP ',ES VMHHBV VHPaw. JTrv. yiv yvjv un n.ATcn t.T.'.i itjh iTUiiL-.T7a tvrv nfrv vvrifnfH iwim MiiaMvBMkMhaaB .. .- .. .... -aUfiif&6tVrSjriVS.WSSU.YJ7YI&VWJVVns)J7 VM77KMKP ttVCT'A HM AMfcYi hVii V4 VftV ,rtV JJtt. Jft. .xPsTv? -.4&Xwmwammmm mm mmwmmmmww)wwCI lTI Hill t f Mill lilt! ixiiKiiiLiiiniiiiiiiiii.iiiniiiiiiin............,., i i,r wiiii.jijiiiniiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiuiiMiMllllWIillJIIUHlUIUUlHMninilllUIIUJMIUIUIIUIUlUIIIMIIllIirn Hv.5FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.45 1v2S&iCordially Invite YouTo Call and Inspect Their Beautifuland Extensive Display ofdy-to-Wear GarmentsaReaforLadies, Misses and ChildrenCOAT SUITS-In allcombinations.the newest materials and latest colors andThe styles are fashions popular selection forFall and Winter wear.CLOAKS With the new large collar and revers in two color combinations, also with plaid back.STREET DRESSES These one-piece Serge, Velvet andj Messalinebe more popular than ever. They arestyle and materials and are ,very ser-Dreses bid fair tomore attractive inviceable.SEPARATE SKIRTS Inmaterials.a large variety of styles, colors andvAIPSEPARATE WAISTS In Silks, ChiffonsJNets andline of Plain and Emproidered Linen Waists.a generousSee Our Line of Suit Hats. They Can Not be SurpassedIPure whitemade.Pickling Vinegar.picklingFrank & Co.Paris, - - Kentuckyvinegar,bestmm niuniiniiii iiiumnTj briHiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiHiniii niiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiJUjjLiiiuiiiiiiiiuiininHjDii!mmmmBmmma0. P. COOK & CO.s&jvWMtff&Z&:2um9mctmmki&&ak&I mnrsabJ&SSSHnr i. Ji?'taiimI3cThev last a lifetime. They'reInexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurtherdetailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.WmKm originality'ralBUsSTSrW andurn'smfinents from all otlicrs, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.'.NOrJE BETTER.Wm. Jldams & Son,i42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWEY & TALBOTTParis, KZerLtuLoiLVBourbon Laundry$ DAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telepl one No. 4.BourbonEft flBKm? -W it ZdBESParis, J KentuckyI LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities aro now agreed on this:Dont imprison the disease germs InJon? Ekin by the use of greasy salves,.and thus encourage them to multiply.A true euro of all eczematous diseases-can be brought about only by using the-fcealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofIWlntergreen, Tnymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the disease'germs and destroys it, then soothes-end heals the skin, as nothing elsej-bas ever .done.A -25-cent trial bottle will start thscure, and .give you instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.Good Reasons.Tet they say the widower, who hnjust got married again, was all broken iup Iwhen his first wife died." "Then Ifihn mn. nil k..l. ... I. -uc waa a.ii uiuheu up, IDat Was agood reason why he should be repaired " Baltimore .American.THEFireproof StormproofSUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguislies our -Ifonic-NONE CHEAPERwill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rtictilar Service ForParticular People.They aro pleased wi'h ourlaun Iry work the rest ofcourse. "dysteTiatic, thoroughpaintakii g work enable usto gt yonr laundry out theday we promise it and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,Gem of Ancient Architecture.The Oratory of Gallerus, situatedon the Dingle promontory in Kerry,is probably the oldest place of Christian worship in the United Kingdom.It is unique In Its architecture, for itwas built without mortar, and thearch was formed direct from theground level by the peculiar placingof the stones. In the east gable isthe only window In the building, whileIn the west Is the small doorway. Thebuilding, which is now one of the national monuments of the Emeraldisle, has recently been restored toperfect condition.Delicately Expressed.We know a young woman of 20 summers who has a twin brother 31 yvsarsold, but this is a very rare case. BlueMount (Kan.) Sun.Wifely Ideal Too High.The man who is as good as his wifethinks he ought to bo is ripe forheaven.Good Advice.Don't brag before you make good,and sfter you've made good you won'tneed to. Life.BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES. 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoflice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per inqheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published EveryONE YEAR,$2.00, Payable inJudge 0'Rear's DemagogicalAppeal.When Judge O'Rear reached theheart of the Eleventh District, he toldhis hearers that he expected to beelected by the votes of'the one gallused fellows' and that he expected toreceive the vote of every man "whohad a patch on his pants."Ollie James makeb the point againstthe Judge that if he was at heart for"the one gallused fellow," he wouldhave voted to reduce the tariff on wooland cotton so that he could wear twogalluses instead of one. He doubtedthe sincerity of the Judge in appealingto the man "with a patch on hispants," because his platform endorsesevery act of the national Republicanadministration which vetoed the verybills that would make clothing cheaper.This is hardly the character of argument one would expect from a formerJudge of the Court of Appeals.g Heought to pitch his campaign on a littlehigher plane. It is pure demagogy fora candidiate for Governor to ask thevotes of any class of people because heis particularly solicitous about theirwelfare, when honest, efficient andeconomial administration at Frankfortwill help the whole state, and everyman in it, proportionate to his deserts.If we are going to legislate exclusively for the benefit of one man, or setof men, then all others outside of thatclass must suffer. So when Judgetalks about the "one gallused fellow,"and the "man with a patch on hispants," as heing the sole object of hissolicitude, we begin to suspect thatinstead of being the inspired politcalleader, he is only after all the selfseeking, insincere politician begingfor votes.Judge O'Rear began his contest pos-! ing as the purest, ablest and most unselfish man that ever asked the sufrages of the people of Kentucky. Hewas not of the mold in which ordinarymen were cast. He stood on a pedestalremoved from the waves of passionand self-interest, and from 'his pointof vantage he coul J look with far-seeingeyes, and give the Commonwealththe benefit of his wisdom and his farsight. Alas, six weeks experiencewith the Judge as a candidate has convinced people that he is'only made ofthe same clay as the balance of us ; noabler, no more honest, and no more tobe trusted.Old Democratic Leaders Back inLine.Four years ago hundreds of prominent Democrats publicly annoucnedthemselves for Augustus E. Willsonfor Governor. In ail parts of theState there were defections from theDemocratic ranks, and, the campaignhad hardly started before the situationbecame serious.Conditions this year are entirelydifferent. The Democrats are thoroughly aroused, confident and enthusiastic; the Republicans are aivided intofactions, discouraged and'disorgauized.All of the old party leaders whogave spirit and character to the Democracy in the past.are back in the ranksagain, taking their places with theboys in the trenches, and psking norecognition except the right to voteand work for the success of the ticket.This is as significant as it is gratifying. It means that thousands of thosewho in other years kept aloof fromthe party because they differed withit on some question of policy, haveorganized among themselves a homej coming that will have fruition in November.oiiuuu Duuvet cucitner, wno was ajgreat Governor, and whese ability andcharacter is of the highest, is forGovernor McCreary and the wholeticket. John M. Athertcn, vho has nosuperior as a profound thinker andlogical speaker, will take the stumpfor his party. Cassius M. Clay, President oft he Constitutionals Convention,is leading his great talent and influenceto the advancement of the Democratic cause. Henry L. Martin, ofWoodford, who gave the best years ofhis life to promote Democratic princi-1pies, is a staunch supporter of Governor McCreary and his associates.These are only a few of the hundredsKENTUCKY, OCT. 3, 1911.NO. 320 MAIN STREET.a Editor and OwnerTuesday and Friday.SIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof MadisoniTor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYwno nave volunteered to redeem Ken-tucky tbis year, that we may not onlynave peace and prosperity in theState, but a national victory nextyear.American is Planning Reorganization. Plans for the reorganization of theAmerican Tobacco Copmany to conform with the mandate of the supremecourt, provide for the disintegrationof the parent company into its severalparts and a reassembling of these partsinto throe separate companies, to beknown as tne American Tobacco Company, the Lorillard Company and theLeggitt & Meyers company.The holders of 6 per cent bonds ofthe American Tobacco company willreceive $1,200, it is said, for each bond,to be paid 600 in cash, $300 in 5 percent Lorillard Company bonds and $300in 5 per cent bonds of Leggitt & Meyers Company.It is reported that holders of the 4per cent bonds will receive $900, to bepaid $400 in cash, $250 in 5 per centJiorillard bonds and $250 in 5 per centbonds of Leggitt & Meyeis Company.What the preferred stockholders willreceive has not become known, ;but itia aaiu snarenuiuers in ine AmericanTobacco Company will receive proportional holdings in each of the threenew companies.Kentucky's Choice Loses toNazimova.At the St. Joseph, Mo., Horse Showlast week in the championship classfor saddle stallions, mares or geldingsthe sensational black horse, Kentucky'sChoice, owned by Mrs. Richard Taskerliowndes, Jr., of Danville, and shownby Mat S. Cohen, of Lexington, methis first defeat of the season beingbeaten by N2zimova, the handsomebay mare owned by the UndulataStock Farm, property of P. B. Weissjnger Son, of Shelbyville, which wasridden oy Samuel Hukle, of that place.Ball Bros., of Versailles, were thirdwith the beautiful chestnut mare,Sadie Macey. ridden by Howard Ball,W. S. Barriger, of Shelbyville. wasthe judge at the St. Joseph HorseShow.The Kentucky exhibitors have practicatlly swept the boards at thewestern event this week. Kentucky'sChoice has won this season up to thistime forty-one blue ribbons, winningevery class in which he was shown.Nazimova, the winnsr, is a wellknown mare, having been shown forthe past two or three seasons at all ofthe principal Kentucky events, thisbung the most important victory shehas ever won if her being placed aboveEdna May, al"o owned by Mrs. Lowndes, at the Louisville Horse Show canbe excepted. She is by Bourbon King,the champion saddle stallion owned byA. G. Jones, of North Middletown.and19 out of Lena Jamison, by HighlandDenmark.Avoid All Evasion.Evasions are employed either toavoid speaking the truth or performing a good action. Hence, a lover ofthe real and true, as well as the tender-heartedand benevolent, hold themin direct and unspeakable abhorrence.Dr.Tierce's Favorite PrescriptionIs the best of all medicines for the cure of diseases,disorders and weaknesses peculiar to women. It is theonly preparation of its kind devised by a regularly graduated physician an experienced and skilled specialist inthe diseases of women.It is a safe medicine in any condition of the system.THE ONE REMEDY which contains no alcoholand no injurious habit-forming drugs and whichcreates no craving for such stimulants.THE ONE REMEDY so good that its makersare not afraid to print its every ingredient oneach outside bottle -wrapper .and attest to thetruthfulness of the same under oath.It is sold by medicine dealers everywhere, and any dealer who hasn t it canget it. Don't take a substitute of unknown composition for tins medicine OPknown composition. No counterfeit is as good as the genuine and the druggistwho says something else is "just as good as Dr. Pierce's' is either mistakenor is trying to deceive you for his own selfish benefit. Such a man is not to betrusted. He is trifling with your most priceless possession your healthmay be your life itself. See that you get what you ask for.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.JBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Qsst :&Sfe&2a3Sx9c25)tS2s;"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lotf satisfied customers. Try?Dodson & DenionPARIS, KY.SZZSSZSZ5East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOBPOBATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, "Little11 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedSmall Demand for Buttons.The Rev. G. Preston Tonge of St.Paul's church, Yarmouth, England, inhis Parish Magazine, under the heading of "Acknowledgments," says:"Several anonymous contributions ofbuttons have been received. We arestill wondering how to use these giftsto the best advantage in the district,as, for obvious reasons, they are unsuited to the needs of the heaten."Production of Mercury.The annual production of mercuryhas risen to 3,525 tons. The UnitedStates produce 1,043 tons; Spain,with Almada, furnishing 834 tons;Austria, with Istria, 570 tons; Italy,Monte-Amiata, 370 tons; Russia, Nikitofka, 318 tens; Mexico, 190 tons;other countries, including Japan andChina, furnish the remainder, about200 tons.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Telia How a Blotchy 8kln WasCleansed By a Simple Wash.'I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw;N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there Isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that Its value is uometimes overlookedIn .clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. Is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness, of thisffreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.and be satisfied.Professional CardsJ J. WIIiL.IAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Buildine.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Yonr patronage solicited.Dr. Wm. Kenney,paris, Kentucky;Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones ' T' 2?( Home 136.Residence$ E. T. 334.( Home 334.Harry E. MathersyDENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up'StairsjOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Office8,?Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... KentuckymHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait?. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.,. IVi ""PTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, OTT. 3, 1911.' ' '"" mmmmmmmmmmamm''''limimmlmmmaammmmmmmmmmmmmmim.ET-w-Vfjff"r.HE FINEST DAIRYHow It Compares Wiiii NearestSctioolnouss.DAIRY GOW VERSUS CHILD.Great Contrast Between the Care andThought Bestowed Upon Each NearLexington Palace For Jerseys,School "Out at the Elbow."I had not had time to get my luggage together and draw a long breathafter leaving the train at Lexingtonbefore I was asked:"Ever been out to Haggin's?""No," I answered, rather breathlessrly and dazed. Then 1 gathered myselftogether and answered at a venture,"Oh, you mean the place outside ofLexington where Henry Clay wasborn, don't you?""Heavens, no! It's the biggest andfinest thing in the way of a dairy farmin the world. You know it's owned byMr. Haggin of New York city."I went out to the great dairy farmon the trolley car went past Lexing-FOR THE JERSEY COWS.ton's beautiful new Country club andsplendid residences, surrounded bymagnificent old forest trees.Too much cannot be said or writtenabout this wonderful dairy farm ofMr. Haggin's. The creamery, wherethe milk is cooled, bottled and doublesealed for delivery in Lexington, is anartistic building of rough stone. Thehuge dairy barn is of concrete, brickand tiling, which gives it the appearance of some splendid county institution. Men in immaculate white uniforms were moving about the barn getting ready to milk the 425 registeredJersey cows that would soon bebrought in from the hundreds of acresof blue grass over which they roam.Glancing at the doors and windows, Isaw that they were covered withscreening to keep out the flies, whilewater pipes and hose were everywhereto insure absolute cleanliness. I wasvery much impressed with the beauty,comfort and magnitude of everything Isaw, so as I left the barn I asked:"Where do you get this tremendous,supply of water? I saw hose andpiping everywhere and a huge towerby the creamery.""We have a complete pumping plantacross country on the far edge of thefarm at Russell's cave."I drove to Russell's cave and founda perfect pumping outfit, even to adouble filter that the water might beas pure as it was possible to make itSuddenly I remembered that I hadnot come to Lexington to admire thebeauty of the wide fields, the grand old12s. 2gqi) $&Midnight in the Ozarksand yet sleepless Hiram Scranton, ofClay City, 111., coughed and coughed.He was in the mountains on the advice of five doctors, who said he hadconsumption, but found no help inthe climate and started home. Hearing of Dr. King's New Discovery, hebegan to use it. ,4,I believe it savedmv life," he writes, "for it made anew man of me so that I can now dogood work again." For all lung disease, coughs, colds, lagrippe,a8thma,cioup, whooping cough, hay fever,hemorrhages, hoarseness or quinsyits the best known remedy. Price 50cand $1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Land of Thunderstorms.Gibraltar is said to be the regionof the globe where it thunders oUenest, having thunderstorms on 97 daysof the year.FREEEXCURSIONTo Lexington! ISaved His Mother's Life.-"Four doctors had given me up.''writes Mrs. Laura Gaines, of Avoca,La., "and my children and all myfriends were looking for me to die,when my son insisted that I use Electric Bitters. I did so and they havedone me a world of good. I will always prise them." Electric Bittersis a priceless blessing to women troubled with fainting and dizzy spells,backache, headache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney disorders. Use them and gain new healthstrength and vigor. They're guaranteed to satisfy or money refunded.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Lined Nest With Bank Notes.A pair of swallows of Fieberbrunn,In the Tyrol, have stolen a number oftenkronen bank notes to line theirnests.Kicked by a Mad Horse.Samuel Birch, of Beetown, Wis.,had a narrow escape from losing hisleg, as no doctor could head the1 rightful sore that developed, but atlast Bucklen's Arnica Salve cured itcompletely. It's the greatest healerot ulcers, burns, boils, eczema, scaldscuts, corns, eold sores, bruises andpiles on earth. Try it. 25c at Oberdorfer's.DURING THE TROTSOctober 3rd to October 14thIIiiWe refund your railroad fare.Every merchant has a brand new stock.Lexington Trots are bigger than ever.Call on your Lexington Friends.One hundred stores in which to trade.Many good shows at the theatres.Every dollar spent counts for you.Treat yourself to a royal good time.Only good goods in Lexington stores.Let all take advantage of the free trip.Extraordinary Fall showing this year.Xcellent opportunity to see new styles.Intention is good, but doing is better come.Not a dull moment if you come.Greatest market in Central Kentucky.Trots are greatest racing events in the world.Our points of interest are worth seeing.IN ever was such an opportunity presented.IIIIKnew i ixepmsx.Titephist While in Pari3 I paid out$3 for tips alone. Waiter (assistinghim with coat) You must hive livedthere a good many years, sir. BostonTranscript.Never Out o Work.The busiest little thing ever madeare Dr. King's New Life Pills. Everypill is a sugar-coated glocule of healththat changes weakness into strength,languor into edergy, brain fag intomental power; curing constipation,headace, chills dyspepsia, malaria.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Fixing Prices of Diamonds.The prices of polished diamonds arecontrolled by prices of the roughstones and are really made in London.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, Oct. 8, '11,Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.LJtow to Set 2our Railroad Sare ffie fundedShow your return trip ticket to any Lexington Merchant whose windows are decoratedwith the big red cards and he will present you with a refund of fare check book-Don't Fail to Show Your Railroad Ticket.-ijDeafness Cannot be Curedby local applications as they cannotreach the dibeased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining: of the Eustachian Tube. WhenI this tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect heanng,anawhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever ;nine cases out of ten are caused "bycatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused .bycatarrh) that cannol be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free. F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Preach, but Don't Practice.In their admiration for the goldenrule some people allow distance tolend enchantment to the view.THE HERMITAGE.Critical Sense."That youngest son of Bligginsseems to have the making of a truemusician In him." "Does ha sing orplay?" "No. But he cries piteouslywhen Bliggins tries to."Careful.Old Fashioned Party (with old fashioned prejudices) Ah, very clever, 1dare say. But I see It's written by alady, and I want a book that mydaughters may read. Give me something else!" Punch.Mansion In Which Aaron Burr CourtedEstelle Provost.There still stands in thevalley, twenty miles from New York,in Bergen county, N. J., well preservedand kept, the mansion In which AaronBurr courted the beautiful EstelleProvbst, widow of an officer In theBritish army, herself an ardent royalist during the Revolution.In the days of this courtship Burr'scommand in the American army wasstationed at White Plains, N. Y, andhe was accustomed to ride from thereto Paramus on horseback to the wooing of his ladylove, making the journey to and fro between sunset anddawn. The mansion, known as "TheHermitage," is of rough stone withgothlc peaks. A picturesque turnstileadmits visitors to the extensivegrounds.Not far nwnv is the old ehureh. lika-&wise as it was in those perilous andromantic days, where Burr and thefair widow, his persistent and ardenwooing having won her, were married. Adjoining and belonging to thischurch is an ancient burying ground,many of whose moss grown gravestones have quaint and grotesque inscriptions. One offers this cheerful invitation: Dear Brother and SIstor,Come visit our Tume;Prepair for Grim Deth,For this is your Dume.Browning's Magazine.Surer He Knew."You don't know everything. I betj that you can't tell me what Is a chi-Paramus ropodisL""Yes. I can too. A chiropodist isone of those chaps who can tell yourcharacter from your handwriting.""Blessed if 1 thought you knew itl"Baltimore American.Freedom of Will.Professor The result of our investigations for the past half hour is thatman has freedom of will. I regretthat I cannot continue the subject today, as I have to go shopping with mywife. Fliegende Blatter.Dropping Into Wealth."1 fell into some valuable propertyyesterday." said the aviator."Did you. Indeed?""Yes: I went through the skylight ofa million dollar office building."Washington Herald.Laws are Hkp rohwebs. vchlrh maycatch files, but lot wnsps and bornetabreak through. Swift.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help m getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Truth Eternal.Truth, like genuine gold, will alwaysbear the touchstone, and appear thebrighter the more it is examined.Evidently He Was Jealous.A strange plea for divorce was msuccessfully put forward in the Frenchcourts recently by a man who complained that his wife had allowed herphotographs to be used on picturepostcards against his will.tIn Touch, Always."It Is odd that pickpockets are seenan unpopular class." "I can't see wythey should be popular." "Don't tfceyalways keep in touch vith the multitude?"fefosfr"CGENTLEMANSSHOEFOR THE COTIiDKEN.homes or Mr. Haggin's great dairyfarm, but to look carefully at theschoolhouses. 1 turned to the man incharge of the engines and pumps andasked the distance to the nearestschoolhouse. It was nof an eighth of ja mile away from the pumping station and was a decided contrast ar-1chitecturally. Although I had seenwalks, concrete walks, in every direc- jtion aoout tne Haggin barn, there wasno semblance of a walk from the frontgate to the badly patched wooden stepsthat were intended to lead the children along the primrose path ofknowledge. Everything was "out atthe elbow."The contrast between the care andthought bestowed upon a dairy cowand a child was here sharp and distinct. The dairyman could see andfigure the direct and immediate returnin hard dollars and cents when hiscows are luxuriously treated, but hecould not or would not try to see intothe future of the children and measure the return from an investment inschools.The citizenship of a community isas ctjd or as bad as its schools makeitArejaTAKESjHB SflB rlsV BF8a- i1 j 1 1 1 ' H i iOur new Fall !ineFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.M'WillsThe Woman's Tonic IJ61ftThe Right Cement for Concrete isSUPERIOR CEMENTCelebrated in the Middle West as the finestground and lowest in magnesia less than I percent. This means dense, durable concrete thatwill never crumble. It's a true Portland cementthat will last for ages. Ask for our Free Superior Literature, which gives proportions formixing concrete, etc Insist on Superior.Uekra Trust Btnldia?. CmciiiBati, O.Juste CoIXbs, President. ,The Superior Portland Cement Co.Superior Eafees.SOLD BYStivers LhbW Ce.Paris, Ky.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 3, 1911., in, tit' (11r5r1:1' tBIRTHS.Born, Friday to the wife of Mr.Emmett Edwards a nine-pound daughterFrances Elizabetheighth born.Democrats register to-day.The Quality Store. .Our faroitive bears the reputationof being the best and most substantialquality of goods that can be bought.Thit's the reason our customers comeback. We invite new patrons to comeand see us.J. T. HINTON.Millinery Opening.We have been fortunate this year insecuring the services of Miss BlanchePlummer, one nf the best trimmers inthe business. Miss Plummer is athorough graduate of the art and hashad thorough training. If the ladiesof this section want something swellthis fall they should wait for our falldisplay on October 5th.2t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.mmsAKi S7MTAJSENsQ8 We welcome accounts or all kinds, oame treatment to large and small accounts.We pay & per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OP PARISCapital $1 00,000 Surplus $30,000PUBLICOF-A FINE BOURBON COUNTY FARMCrop, Live Stock, Farming Implements,; Household Goods, Etc.Owing to ill health, I will sell my farm at public auction onTHURSDAY, OCT. 19, 1911,at 10 o'clock a. m., on the premises, 2j miles from Paris, Ky., on the RuddlesMills turnpike.The farm contains 100 acres of fine Blue Grass land, 50 acres now in grass,balance in high state of cultivation, and is well watered, with springs, pondsand pools in each enclosure. Fencing is all of the latest improved woven wire.Young orchard of apples, peaches, plums, cherries, etc.Tne improvements consist of a new two-story frame residence of eightrooms, two halls, veranda, two porches, five presses, good drj cellar and cisternon porch. It has the best dairy in the county, meat house," hen house, coalhouse, stock barn with six large box stalls and tongue and grooved loft, tobaccobarn, holds 15 acres. All outbuildings in first class repair. .This is an excellent farm of the best producing and best watered land in thecounty, an ideal country home, in a splendid neighborhood, convenient toschools, and a fifteen-minute drive to Paris.If not sold it will be rented to the highest bidder.At the same time and place, I will sell the following crop, stock and implements:280 shocks of corn,4 tons of mixed loose hay,5 milk cows, fresh,2 milk cows, fresh Jan 1,1 Jersey heifer,2 Jersey calves,1 yearling steer,1 family mare,gentle for lady to drive,1 work and broodmare in foal to jack,2 brood sows,11 100-pound shoats,25 Southdown ewes, yearlings,A lot of chicken?, turkeys, ducks, .TERMS Personal property, cash. Farm one-third cash, balance intwequal payments in one and two year-, deferred notes to bear 6 per cent,interest.Possession March 1, 1912.GEO. D. SPEAICES, Auctioneer. T S' SHANNON'For further information, address Harris & Speak es, Paris, Ky., who willtake pleasure in showing the farm to prospective purchasers.FUO'Desirable City Residence.ON TUESDAY, OCT. 17V 1911.at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, I will sell to the highest bidder, my residence situated on Stoner avenue, in Paris, Ky.The residence is a two-story frame building of seven-' rooms; hall, twoporches, large pantry, bath and good dry cellar. It is wired for electricity and, ga, has water in house and a splendid cistern at door.Lot k 76 feet front, 78 feet, more or less, in rear, by 183 feet to an alley.It baa concrete walks, shade trees, good stable and large garden.Tbie is a very desirable and convenient home, on a nice residence streetclSJe0blinesWrt of town bein& only 1 blocks from the courthouse.TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal payments, in one and twojrears, jsath interestMRS. W. A. JOHNSON. -GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky., who wil-itafceplnasure in showing the property. -Progressing Nicely.Work on the train sheds at the localdepot of the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad is prorgesaing nicely. Alarge force of men is engaged in layi ing the concrete walks between thetracks and weather permitting thispart of the work will be completed ina few wees. The depot has been moved back a distance of fifteen feet tomake room for an extra track, alarge number of carpenters will beemployed in erecting the train shedsand the work will be pushed to au early completion tefore the bad weathersets in. With this improvement Pariswill have one of the best arrangeddepots and passenger service of anycity along the line of the road whichwill add much to the convenience ofthe traveling public.Now on Sale.Lots of fall hats now on sale. Streetbats, tailored hats and the swellestline of dress hats that we ever had arenow ready. Kemebmer our opening isnot until October 5.2t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.BANKACCOUNTuopjncnt isiu, oy tne Standard Adv. Vo. mSALE150 frying chickens,1 2-horse wagon,2 buggies, 1 surrey,1 double-shovel plow,1 Champion mower, 1 disc harrow.1 breaking plow, 1 sled,Cutting box, 1 hay rake,10,000 tobacco sticks,Work erear and harness. sinHfi-trpe.j doublertree, hoes, shovels and manytnmgs too numerous to mention.Some household and kitchen furniture. A.SALETHEATRICAL."THEROSAUY."Whatever else may be said of Rowland & Clifford's new production,"The Rosary," which comes to theParis Grand on Wednesday, October 4,the charge of imitation of other playscannot be made. "The Rosary" virtually breaks new ground in the dramatic field and should prove a veritablesurprise when the "curtain rises uponit.The play is built upon at horoughlymodern theme, viz: the influence ofthought upon the lives and well beingof the men and women of our presentday."The Rosary" attacks the themeboldly. It deals with the lives and fortunes of a little group of people livingin the beautiful West Chester countrynear New York City. The hubsand isa disbeliever in all religion; his wife,a woman of serious conviction regarding faith in the things of life unseen.Strong in his belief and thoroughlyhuman, a priest moves through thesubtle story of this play. Whendounts came and the man and woman'slives are shattered, seemingly beyondhuman power to repair, this priestanalyzes the situation and by the power of his faith brings both the peoplewhom he loves back to happiness.The stage settings are unique intheir way ; the first act occurs in awonderfully beautiful grape arbor,the second and third are laid in acharming interior, showing the atmosphere of serene home life, while thefourtty is a new church built by the unbelieving husband for his friend, thepriest.After all the dicsussion of the playduring four acts, a wonderful effect isattained by the peace and serene quietof the church where the man and woman who have suffered come at lastto lay their burden down and findpeace.No detail in the immense labor ofadequate production has been tootrivial for Messrs. Rowland & Cliffordto oversee and lock after with thecarefulness which in the past has beensynonymous with their names asmanagers, and "The Rosary" on itspresentation will be as near perfectionas brains, money, infinite labor andvast experience can make it.Prices HO cents, 75 cents and 31.Seats on sale at Mitchell & Blakemore'sMonday morning.County Board to Meet.The Bourbon County School Boardwill meet in the office of Miss MabelRobbins in the court house on Thursday, October 5, at ten o'clock.McCoy's Case Again Continued.The examining trial of "Shorty"McCoy, charged with the killing ofFrazier White, in a fight at the colored fair in this city on the last night ofthe fair, which was continued fromSaturday, was again continued yesterday afternoon until Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock.Delegates Selected. lAt a Yecent meeting of the RichardHawes Chapter,Daughters of the Confederacy, Mrs. J. T. Vanasnt, Mrs. R:'B. Hutchcraft and Mrs. E. M. Dicksonwere chosen as delegates to attend theState Convention which will be held inLexington October 18-19. Mrs. RussellMann and Mrs Jos. Ewalt will takethe members of the Hamilton Guardsto the unveiling of the John Morganstatue which will occur on the first dayof the con ention.PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK, IMPLEMENTS ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS.Having rented my farm and concluded to quit farming, I will sell on thepremises, 5 miles from Paris onRcdmon pike, beginning at the hour often o'clock a. m, onWednesday, October 1 8, 1 91 1all my stock, crop and farming utensils, household and kitchen furniture,etc:1 pair Percheron mares,5 and 6 yearsold, good workers, in foal1 pair extra mare mules, 4 and 5years old.1 pair mare mulas.1 sorrel horse.1 Gambetta Wilkesmare, pedigreefurnished at sale,in foal to BaronRhythmic.1 yearling black filly, out ofbetta Wilkes mare by Locanda.Gam-Also suckling colt at aide of Gambetta Wi'kes mare by Locanda.1 six year old good road horse.1 five year old gelding, good familyhorsft M,;3 No. 1 Jeiseysmilk cows.1 yearling Jersey heifer to calvesoon.1 good steer calf.35 good breeding ewes.2 No. 1 Southdown bucks.56 fat hogs.7 brood sows with pigs and to pig;13 good stock shcats ;2-two-horse wagons.2 binders,, good as new.2 new Avery riding cultivators.1 No. 1 Deering mower.1 Randall harrow.2 breaking plows.1 good two-horse slide.1 brand new scalding trough!1 good cider mill.1 No. 1 drag.1 No.l Black Hawk corn planter.2 No. 1 sets wagon harness.25 acres of corn and lot of timothyand clover hay in barn.All kinds of farming implements andcarpenter's tools, etc , too numerousto mention.1 parlor set.3 bed room sets.Rugs, carpets, chairs, etc.,-.. 15 Bronze turkeys.150 chickens, all kinds.TERMS Made known on day ofsaleH. O. JAMES, Agent.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Also at the same time and place, 1will rent 24 acres of grass land untilMarch 1 or 15, 1912.Resolutions of Respect.Resolutions of respect passed by theBoard of Directors of the DepositBank of Paris on the death of Robt.J. Neely, Vice President and Directorof that institution.Whereas, the Great Ruler of theUniverse has, in his infinite wisdom,removed from our midst our worthyan4 esteemed associate, R. J , Neely,andWhereas, the intimate relation heldduring a long business life by himwith the members of the Board makesit fitting that we record our appreciation of him ; therefore,Resolved. That the wisdom andability which he has exercised in aidof our bank work, by counsel and service, will be held in grateful remembrance. Resolved. That the sudden removalof such a man from our board ofwhich he has held a leading position,leaves a vacancy and shadow that willbe deeply realized by all members ofthe Board and his friends, and willprove a grievous loss to this city andthe public.Resolved, That, with deep sympathywith the afflicted relatives and friendsof the deceased, we express an carntsthope that even so great a bereavementmay be overruled fcr thier highestgood.Resolved, That a eery of these resolutions be recorded on ou m nute bookand a copy published in a local paperand a copy sent to his fan i'E. M. DICK 0NJ,S. S. ARLmkx,J. M. HALL,Committee.Fiscal Court Meeting.The Bourbon Fiscal Court will- meetin regular session on Thursday, October 5.October Court Day.Inclement and disagreeaole weathermared Jthe October court and whilethere was a fair sized crowd in town,but little business of ,any nature wastransacted. There were about twentyfive head of aged mules on the marketand thirty head of mule colts, ka number of which changed hands.Clarke & McClintock sold to Chas.Thompson, of Lexington, four head ofaged mules for $800, and bought . threemule colts at an average of $105.' Theypurchased of Dan Igrigg two mulecolts for Sllb and two mare mulesfrom Mr. Tate for S287.50 and one ofMr. Price for $192.50.At the pens of M. J. Murphy & Co.,fully two hunrded head of cattle andan equal number of sheep were offered, most of which met with ready sale,sheep going at from $4.50 to $5.50 perhead.Caywood & McClintock sold thirtyhead of feeders which averaged about1,050 pounds at 5 cents to S. L.Weathers. W. H. Whaley sold to T.C. Asbury, of Harrison, one hundredhead of sheep at a private price. Mr.Asbury disposed of his purchase toFrank Buckhanan. Mr. Asbury thenpurchased of H. S. Caywood 100 headat a private price. A. B. Barnett soldto C. F. Redmon 20 feeders that , averaged 600 pounds, at $27.50 per head, 15calves to Ike Keller at $18, 9 heifersto another party at $25 two bulls toMatt Long for $60, and to the. sameparty one yoke of cattle for $70 andsix calves for $15 per head.PUBLIC SALEOFStock,- Implements andSome HouseholdGoods.Having sold my farm, I will, at myhome place, near Elizabeth Station,Bourbon county, Ky., onfridav, October 6, 1911,beginning at 9:30 a. m., sharp, sellpublicly the following personal property: 3 good work mules;1 good woik gelding;1 saddle and driving mare;1 good buggy mare, lady broke;2 extra good fresh Jersey cows;1 good Jersey 2-year-old heifer, freshin October;1 yearling steer.3 sows with 20 pigs;10 good brood sows, will farrow November 1;2 fat shoats;1 fine O. I. C. yearling boar, registered; 23 ewes and one buck;1 new I. H. O. Clover Leaf manurespreader;3 wagons anl 3 hay frames;3 mowing machines ;2 hay rakes;1 scalding box;2 buggies;1 spring wagon;1 break cartr1 corn planter;3 pond scrapers;2 grind stones;1 corn sheller;1 wheat fan;4 harrows;3 cultivators;3 2-horse plows;4 sets wagon gear;2 sets buggy harness; 'About 15 barrels old corn in crib;3 or 4 tons loose hay, in barn;1 cider mill;1 washing machine;And many other implements toonumerous to mention;30 new hickory wagon tongues;Nice lot of elm and ash lumber forhay frames;Lot of smooth and barbed wire;A lot of old junk iron;About 200 chickens;40 domesticated wild Mallard ducks;8 or 10 domesticated wild geese;1 pet eagle;50 pigeons;Some household and kitchen furniture; About 200 quarts of canned preserves strawberries, blackberries,pears, damsons and cherries;8 or 10 bushels potatoes;4 hams and 8 shoulders.TERMS-Cash.Dinner by Rassenfoss.FRANK P. BEDFORD,E. T. phone 202.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.Jas. D. McClintock, Clerk.;RtwBakingABSOLUTELY PUREMakes delicious homebaked foods of maximumquality at minimum costMakes home baking apleasuremThe only Baking Powdermade from Royal GrapeCream of TartarNo Alum No Umo PhosphatesLoitering Must Cease.Loitering on the streets must ceaseand violators of the law will be severely dealt with according to Chief ofPolice J. C. Elgin. The head of theParis police force has issued an orderto the members of the local force toarrest all negroes guilty of such violation and as a result Will Lindsay,was up before Judge January yesterday morning on that charge, and wasassessed a fine of $7.50. Henry Jefferson, charged with drunkenness, wasfined $10 and costs.Typhoid Fever Raging.Typhoid fever is raging in this cityand it is said there are upwards ofthirty cases in Paris. Most of thecases are in Henry Addition" and it isthe opinion the disease was contrastedfrom the use of the water by the residents of this section of the city thatflows from the spring on the J old Fordplace. Two deaths have already resulted from typhoid and a number ofother patients being under the care ofphysicians are in a critical condition.The city health board has issued an order requesting the citizens to boil allthe water used for drinking purposesin an effort to check the spread of thedisease, and every effort is being madeto put the city in its former healthfulcondition.Held to Grand Jury.Lyt Lawrence was in Police Courtyesterday on a charge of assault andbattery and was held to the grand juryin the sum of $100 bond, in default ofwhich he waB sent to jail. Lawrenceis charged with assaulting George Duvall at his saloon on Main street Saturday night when the latter ejectedhim from his place of business, because uf his boisterousness.Former Bourbon Woman Killedby Fail.A telegram was received Sundaynight by Mr. W. F. Heathman, ofClintonville, this county, which announced the death of Mrs. JennieCooper, formerly of that place, whichoccurred in Los Angeles, Cl., Sunuayafternoon.The death of Mrs. Cooper, accordingto the dispatch was due to an accidental fall sustained, while she was alighting from a street car, she striking thepavement en her head, death rt suitingirstantly. Mrs. Cooper was a daughter of M. Isaac Stipp, of Clintonville,and was aged about 62 yesJs.She was the mother ot vies-r3. Ikeand Frank Coopr, who for severalyears conducted a gentrl store atthat place, but later moved to California. To years ago Mrs. Cooperjoined her sons and was in LosAngeles, the guest of the family ofMr. Sidney Donaldson, a relative, formerly of Bourbon, and was there tosecure a position as teacher in one ofthe public schools in that place. Mrs.W. F. Heathman, of Clintonville, istir: only surviving sister of the-deceas-ed.Ii is not known what disposition willbe made of the remains, as the dispatch received by Mr. Heathman didnot state that her body will be shippedto her old home for interement.Will Be At Lexington.Al H. Wilson, the German dialectc median, who has probably made asmany people laugh as any comedian onthe stage, and whose songs are to befound among the nursery rhymes inmany households, is underlined for anappearance at he Lexington OperaHouse Wednesday night, when he willpresent his new singing comedy, "AGerman Prince," which is said to be anovel departure from previous Wilsonplays. In the character of Metz VonArhmien, the German prince whoagrees to echange his title for American gold by marrying a widow whomhe has ns'ver seen, Mr. Wilson isprobably seen at his best, and themany humorous entanglements causedby his endeavors to annual the contractwhen he learns that ttie widow is oldand homely, are cause fur many sidesplitting laughs which follow eachother in quick succession. An incidental feature of the perf .rmance will bethe new songsjeorapose' by Mr.Wilaon,aid which are sai3 t ,e among thebest that he has yet j, c to the public Tey incltde .ier Smile,""When You Part Frcn. the Girl YouLove' "Still As the - ht," "SomeDay You'll Know,." ar 1 a selection LofI is favor te yodels.PowdeiiDEATHS.Mrs. Katherine Reid, aged eightyyears, widow of Col. Reid, and one ofthe best known and wealthiest womenof Central Kentucky died in Lexington. Mo., Friday. Mrs. Reid left Lexington aoout ten days ago, in apparently her usual health to visit tier oldhome, and the news of her death cameas a great shock to her relatives andfriends.Mrs. Reid i survived by no directdescendants, but leaves an estate valued at half a million dollars, consistinglargely of realty located in Lexington, Ky., and Lexington, Mo., andChicago. She was before her marriage to Col. Reid Miss KatherineHunt, and was related to the Hunts,Morgans. Clays, Warfields and Bennetts and other prominent Blue Grassfamilies. The body will be brought toKentucky for interement.Mr. Bruce Metzger, aged 27 years,died at the home of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Max Metzger, in JHenry Addition Sunday night about nine o'clockof typhoid fever. The remains will betaken to Carlisle today on the noontrain xor burial at that place.Roger Harp, aged about fouryears, died Friday at the home of hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Harp,near Russell Cave, from infantileparalysis. The burial took place Saturday at Old Union.Mr. Frank Mitchell Burns, died athis home in Henry Addition Sundaynight about 9 o'clock after a twoweeks' illness of typhoid fever. Mr,Burns was stricken with the disease afew day before his wife, who now remains critically ill, was taken ill.Mr. Burns, who was twenty-aix.years of age, was a son of Mr. andMrs. E. O. Burns, of Nepton, Ky.,who formerly resided at North Middleton, this rounty. Besides his wife,who was formerly Miss Elsie West, ofthis city, and his Darents, he is survived by to sisters, Mrs. Frank P. Webb,of Paris, and Miss Lucinda Burns, ofNepton.He was an employe of the Louisvilleand Nashville railroad and served intne capacity of brakeman. He waswell liked by all who knew him, and avalued employe of the company.1 he remains were taken to Elizaville yesterday morning on the eighto'clock train for burial in the cemetery at that place.Rev. Henry Martin Scudder. 7Syears old, died in Carlisle at 5 o'clockSaturday morning. Death was unexpected, and the whole cits and community are shocked. He was on thestreets Fiiday and retired Friday nightin apparently good health. His daughter, Mrs. Lillie Kennedy, who livedwith him, was aroused by his heavybreathing, and rushing to him, reachedhim as he gasped his last.Dr. Scudder was one of the foremostPresbyterian ministers of the Stateand had a national reputation. He hadbeen pastor of the Presbyterian churchat Carlsle nearly fifty years, and recently celebrated the fifty-fourth anniversary of his ministry at Elizaville,.where he was also pastor,He and Senator James B. McCrearywere classmates and General BasilDuke was a college mate. Mrs. Scudder died two years ago just after theirgolden wedding had been celebrated.He leaves surviving one daughter.Mrs. .'Kennedy, and two grandsons,Scudder Crane, who is in the West,and Woedford Crane, who resided withhis grandfather at the time of hisdeath.Funeral services were hld in Carlisle at 10 .30 o'clock yesterday morning, conducted by the Rev. J. W. Tyler, of Midway, and tho body wastaken to Elizaville here a service washeld at the Elizaville Presbyterianchurch and the body interred by theside of his wife's there.Suit to Come Up Today.The suit of Chas. Wright as nextfriend of Wm. Wright against Chas.B. Thomas, a member of the ParisPolice force, will come up in theFedera Court at Frankfort today.The suit is for $2,020 against Thomasand his bondsmen, the American Bonding Co., of Baltimore, Md., and wa3postponed from last Thursday. A number of witnesses have been summoneJto appear in court.Insure with W. O. fiinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies.ifTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 3 1911.HE BOURBON NEWS.Ci(fijjfc7esirk1 IALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGEnsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODf ORD.Purchases Cattle.Mr. W. C. Daniel purchased of Mr.Will Whaley Friday 25 head of cattleat 31 per head.Democrats, register to-day.Democrats Register.Today is Democratic RegistrationDay. Polls open at 6 a. m. close at 9p. m. If you fail to register you cannot vote in the next election.McClure & Gendenin writefire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Accepts Position.Mr. Chas. Butler, Jr., has accepteda position with B. Weissbreg as clerkin his clothing store in the place ofMr. Chas. Hill, who has resigned toaccept a traveling position.Pears 90 Cents Per Bushel.Fine Kiefer pears for preserving at,90 cents per bushel. Order early asthey will go fast at that price.2t T. LENIHAN.Basket Meeting.The colored people will hold sn allday basket meeting at Blue GrassPark on Sunday, October 8. Revs. S.P. Young, Crooks and Fuller, of Lexintgon. and Rev. R. Quarles, of Paris,will do the preaching.Ankle Sprained.Mrs. Carey E. Moragn suffered asevere sprain to her ankle while walking along Main street near Tenth Friday afternoon. Mrs. Moragn only recently recovered from an illness ofseveral weeks.Democrats register to-day.Get Your TicketRosary.'for "TheThe advance sale for "The Kosarj,"which appears at the Grand tomorrownight, is exceptionally large, andthose wishing to see this excellentplay had better go or telephone toMitchell Blakemore's this morning andhave their seats reserved. It is one ofthe very best attractions of this season.Automobile (amps neatlynumbered atDAUGHERTY'S.Shannon Farm at Auction.The Shannon farm, two and one-halfmiles from Paris, on the Ruddles Millpike, containing 100 acres of goodland, will be sold at public auction onThursday, Oct. 19. The improvementsare good. At the same time and placethe crop, stock and farming implements will b sold. See advertisementin another column.Seed Wheat and Rye.See ua before buying your seedwheat, seed rye, and timothy.2t C. S.' BRENT & BRO.Democrats register to-day.Winner is Protested.Dunlap Saunders, aged 5 years, whowon second prize at the Paris fair forthe best pony rider under 14 years ofage. Allie Jones, of North Middletown, won the first prize. Since j;hed cision was made and the pricesawarded it has been reported thatJones is mare than 14 years old, andDunlap's father, W. F. Saunders, ofMillersburg, has filed a protest.The Carpet Store.If you need a scarpet or rug go toa carjpet store for it. .Our stock iscomplete, the prices low and the quality the highest.J. T. HINTOJU.Ensure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Business House Rented.Mr. John T. Hinton has rented theold Citizen's Bank property at the corner of Main and Fifth streets, whichhe recently purchased, to Abraham M.Domb. of-Indianapolis, Ind., who willconduct a dry gods store with a department for ladies' ready-to-wearsuits. The establishment will be openin October. Workmen are now engaged in removing the vault in the build-ing-andputting the room in repair.Decorators will begin work in a fewdays.We Save You Money.Wall paper bargains all during themonth of September. Come see foryourseif. We save you mony.J. T. HINTON..4A Hustling Insurance Firm.PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. W. O. Lawwill, adjuster tor theOrient Insurance Company, on receiptof a message from their local agents,McClure & Clendenin, arrived in ParisFriday atfreuoon, while the fire wasptill raging in the Bouibon LumberCompany yards, for the purpose ofadjusting the loss on the stock ofo-mppries of Curtis Henry & Co.. whichwas sustained in the big lumber yardf re Friday. The firm, of McClure &Clendenin, the insurance agents, havea policy of $2,000 on this stock, whichwas quirkly adjusted and did not delaytre firm from business as they were filling orders for groceries the next day.ItMrs. Alice Hibler is viisting Mrs.Hall In Uynthiana.Mrs. A. Barnett is visiting "relatives in Eminence.Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Harris visitedip Owihgsville last week.Mr. R. B. Dickerson attended theFalmouth Fair last week.Miss Carolyn Roseberry has returned from a visit in Lexington.Miss Dove Embry, of Lexington,is visiting friend3 in North Middltown.Miss Martha Ferguson has returned from a visit to friends in Lexington. Miss Jennie Oldham, of London, isvisiting Miss Louise Wyatt, near thiscity.Mrs. Bowen Tate and son, of Denver, Col., are visiting Mr. Jas. late atShawhan.Mrs. Perry M. Shy, formerly ofthis city, is quite ill at her homen inLouisville.Mr. W.G. Swearengen, of Carthage,O., is the guest of his son, Mr. EarlSwearengen.Mrs. Arch Paxton has returned toher home in Lexington after a visit torealtives here.Mrs. Herbert Terry, of Cynthiana,was the gueRt of relatives here severaldays last week.Miss Willie Summers returnedyestreday from Cincinnati after several days' stay.Miss Nancy Griffith entertainedwith a card party Thursday evening ather home in the country.Mrs. Maria Lyons and Miss KatieBurke have returned from an extended stay at Swango Springs.Mrs. F. S. Ashhrook, of Cynthiana, was the guest of her daughter,Mrs. Thos. Allen, last eek.Rev. and Mrs. M. T. Chandler, ofHarrodsburg, arrived yesterday to visit Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson.Mr. R. Jb. Whaley will leave Wednesday for Harrodsburg, Tenn., in theinterest of the Standard Oil Companj.Mrs. Lucinda Gosney, of Pendletoncounty, who has been the cnest-. nf hprsister, Mrs. Maggie Day, has returnednome.Mr. Jack Woods has returned fromBardstown where he accopmaned hisson, Edward, who entered St. JosephCollege.Mrs. John Graves and Mrs. JamesDavidson returned yesterday after atwo weeks stay at French LickSprings, Ind.Mrs. A. L. Butler, who has beenvisiting her sister, Mrs. Samuel Peddicord, in this city, has returned to berheme in Newtown.Major J. S. Winn, wife and children, who have been the guests of Mr.and Mrs. James McClure, left yesterday for Washington, D. C.Mr. and Mrs. B. R. Dickersonentertained Sunday with a dinner inhonor of the seventeenth .birthday oftheir son, Chas. Dickerson.Mrs. H. J. Grocshe, who has beenihe guest for a week of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Brown, in Dayton,Ky., returned home yesterday.Mrs. Virgil Swinford and littledaughter were taken to the HarrisonHospital, at Cynthiana Wednesdayafternoon, suffering from typhoid fever. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Santnn anddaughter, Miss Mary Iona Santon,have returned from a short visit withMr. andJMrs. Chris Hehr, at Broadwell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Donaldsonand children, of Chillicothe, Ohio, arethe guests of Mr. Donaldson's mother,Mrs. Mattie Donaldson, on Mt. Airyavenue.Rev. E. G. B. Mann, of Lexington, is in Toronto, Canada, where he isrepresentingHthe Lexington Conferenceat the Ecumercial Conference of theSouthern Methodist church.Miss Margaret Werringer who wasinjured in'an accident near her homeon the Clintonville pike last Wednesday, is improving at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington. Miss Merringerunderwent an operation Wednesdayand regained consciousness Thursday.Miss Nell Whaley, who has beenteaching at Caldwell College, Danville,substituting for Miss Nellie Fithian,who is recuperating from an operationfor appendicitis, was the guest a fewdays last week of her mother, Mrs. H.C. Whaley. Miss Whaley will continueteaching at the institution until MissFithian ia able to resume her position.Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Kiser entertained at their home on Houston avenueFriday evening with a seven o'clockdinner, which was 'followed by severalinteresting games of Five Hundred.Those present were Mr. and Mrs. Wm.B. Ardery, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Sparks,Mr. and Mrs. Luther Rice, Mr. andMrs. Monroe Mansfield, Mr. and Mrs.Watson Judy, Mr. and Mrs. Thorn wellTadlock, Mr and Mrs.' Carl Wilmoth,Miss Martha Wyatt, Mr. James Dodge,Miss Corinne Collins and Mr. FredBatterton, Miss Edith Myall and Mr.Woodford Daniels, Miss Lou KniffinHoward and Mr. James Engleman,Misses Bessie and Florence Wilson,Mr. Emil Rains, Mrs. Logan Howard.The Winchester News containedthe following .News note on Thursday :Mrs. Hfnry V. Ihompson entertained at her beautifuel country home onWednesday afternoon with a chatming"foity-two" party, in honor of Mrs.Swift Champ, of Paris.About forty guests were present forthe charming occasion and enjoyed tothf utmost the .popular game'.The home was beautifully decoratedin immense dahlias of colors selectedto harmonize with the handsome furnishings, and the whole presented aver attractive scene. -A must delicious meat course wasserved at the conclusion of the games.Mrs. Thompson also gave a beautifulentertainment on yesterday afternoonLectures at the Christian ChurchThe Woman's Society of the Christian church has completed arrangements for two -lectures on Monday andTuesday evenings by Dr. EdwardClark, of Rome, Italy, a noted archologist. His subject will be "ThroughPicturesque Sicily" . and "Trindad,"otherwise kno'wn fcas the Pompeii ofAfrica, the lecture will be illustratedby - stereoptican views, and will begiveni n the auditorium of the CitySchool. Admission for adults to thetwo lectures 50 cents, or 35 cents forsingle ticket. Children 35 cents forboth lectures or 20 cents for one. Theproceeds of the lectures will be usedfor charitable work during the comingwinter.Wonderful Bargains.Come in and examine the wonderfulbargains we re offreing in wall papernothing ever seen in Paris like it before. We are ready to put it on thewall at once.J. T. HINTON.THE BEST ON EARTH.E. M. Wheeler's stoves andheaters are now oh the floorand ready for your inspection.The Florence Hot Blast is thebest stove on earth for themoney. In order to open theseason he will give you anystove in the house onthe easyterms of $1 per week, or willgive you a cash price that willsurprise you.Upto Date Billiard Hall.Follow the crowds to Mann's Bil-15 tftltitltltitia?These Are Opening Days With Us. wHard Hall.'Gun Play Narrowly Averted.A serious affair was narrowly averted yesterday, when, it is said, following a trivial argument between Emmatt Edwards and Robert 'Link, themen engaged in a heated war of wordswhich resulted in each going to theirhomes and securing their revolverswere on the lookout for each other.Both men were parading the streetswith revolvers in full view and it wasexpected the men would meet at anyminute. Friends of both parties usedevery persuasion to prevent a shootingscrape, and but for the timely actionof Chief of Police Elgin who placedboth men under arrest charging abreach of the peace, a serious affairmay have resulted. Their trial is setfor today at 10 o'clock.Our line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and bestselected in the history of our business, and consists of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets.Dress Goods.The new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &c.Velvets For Suits and Dresses.White Corduroy, the Novelty.Our Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings The largest in this part of the State.A VICTROLAFOR FIFTY DOLLARS!Card of Thanks.We wish to extend our thanks to themembers of the'PariB Fire Depaitment and the L. & N. train crews fortheir effective work in confining andfinally extinguishing the tire thatthreatened to wipe out our entire lumber yard Friday. Had it not been fortheir presistent.and effective work, inthe face of many dangers, the firemight have reached adjoining property, entailing a much heavier propertyloss.THE BOURBON LUMBER CO.,- T. H. TARR.JAS. R. STIVERS.Admiral Schley Drops Dead.Rear Admiral Winfield Scott Schleydropped dead yesterday in New York.Ihs admiral died before medical aidcould reach him.. Adimral Schley was born nearFrederick City, Md., October 9, 1839,and was appointed a cadet at the United States naval academy in 1856.During the war with Spain he wasin command of ihe Flying squadronand was in immediate command in thebattle of Santiago de Cul a, o i July 3,1898, which resulted in the destructionof Admira Cevera's fleet, continuingin active service during the remainderof the campaign and until October 9,1901, when he was retired.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 Agent.Fruit and Shade Trees.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhabarb, Peonies,Roses, Phlox, etc. Everything forOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our. prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,3 oct 2m Lexnigton, Ky.FOR SALE.yf""!.!!, ' "fe-?fcJakVICTOR-VICTROLA IXHeretofore Victrolas havebeen made to sell at $250,S200, $150, $100 and $75.Now the Victor people havebrought out a beautiful Victrola for $50 in Mahogany orQuartered Oak, 12-inch turntable, double-spring motor,Victor tapering arm, allmetal parts nickle plated.Stop in, See and Hear It.D4UGBERTY BROS.:S W. Ed Tucker I0WE ARE READY FOR YOU!IFee's Cash Specials.nFor This Week.25cChase & Sanborn's Special BrandCoffee, 30c value, per lbB Chase & Sanborn's Bonita Tea, tf jka 75c value, per lb J09 Chase & Sanborn's High-Grade Coffee, 5A 35c value, per lb ) VvJohn Hoffman's Cured Meats and Dried Salts,I Market Price.iaua uiity i iuui, -t,j-iu( sauv ucParis Fairy Patent Flour, 2 5 -lb. sack 65cFresh Pies and Cakes Daily.LFEE'SI HAVE SOMEVERY SPECIAL PRICESTO OFFER YOU ONI have for sale a number of oldcountry hams, also nice lot of pureapple vinegar. Apply toMRS. JAS. H. THOMPSON,E. T. phone 256-1.FOR RENT.Furnished room for two gentlemen.Apply at 709 High street. 26 tfTHE FAIR!Having remodeled our store,we are now open for businesswith an entirely new line ofgoods that will interest everyHousekeeper, at rock bottomprices. It "will pay you tocome in and look the goodsand prices over.For Instance, We Put on SaleFriday NextPure Linen "Window Shade",all colors, each 17c50c Shades, 5-inch White Fringed bottoms, at 29c eachFelt Shades, each 7c"White Semi-Porcelain China Fruit orIce Cream Saucers, each 5c j10c Chair Seats at 5cMedicated Toilet Paper 34c a Roll, or8 Rolls for 25cTHE FAIR.L 1 1 !-f!'P' '"' :"4:VI fir IL iSD'JNf-wo.'. Pvi f-f rcv iJLLisjttiuJcr frrt u iff ? lehv ,; '?v -" ''''x'yMSIfBirKiB TTTT I Mi Tftll1rMy----''-'- I III II 1 I' "' WiM,2 Come in andCarpets,MattinandRugs.Get Them.Wonderful W ATT T A TT?"Df MLJUMJ JL 2JL JLJAlJ.Reductions inI will sell you LAWN and PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everbeen able to buy it fA few HAMMOCKS left at big cut in prices. EKCIJSTTOlSr7Funeral Directors and Ernbalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating. -TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. 'Hinton',residence 56; J. T.;Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Horns 'Phone 286.ji1sIITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, PCT. 3 1911.$iflJLivis ,4V?.1 i'5,f?;fiiiuX1LAXATIVE SENT TREE TO TRYIt may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of letters frommothers, and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxative-tonic that does not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard .them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly for-jward a free sample bottle. Ihen, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.mwmTWIN BROS.,Oothing DepartmentWe Are Now Showing Our Complete Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hats and Furnishing Coods.At $15 we are showing a nobby - line of newbrown Suits in the famous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.Lain Brand and Chults Shirts at 1 and $1.50.W. L. Douglas & Co. Shoes at 2.50, 3, $3.50and 4French's fine hand-hame Shoes fo. men specialat H.Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 best in the world.We are showing a full line of Trunks, Suit Oasesand Traveling Bags.Twin BroLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains j.rri"veFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily .' 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ., 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 amLexington, Ky,, Daily .'. 10.02 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.18 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. : 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6 12 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday . . .6.01 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 17 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:45 pmTrains IDe-psirtNo. TO84 Cincinnati. 0., Daily 54 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 77 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 74o Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. . 8137 Lexington, Ky., Daily T 937 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily t 10133 Lexington, Ky., Daily .' , 106 Maysville, K., Daily ' 1126 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1125 Lexington, Ky., Dailv Except Sundav 3.No.34134297104037312332625913838539308321431,28 am,35 am47 am,43 am20 air.20 am.57 am.55 am.18 am.21 am.52 am.54 am30 nm.40 pm.o pm.50 pm,22 pm.25 pmmo pm,35 pm,53 pm.55 pm38 Cincinnati, 0., Daily , 39 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 539 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 532 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6,8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 613 .Lexington. Ky.. Daily 630 Cmrhiniia, Ky., Daily Except Sunday G31 Lexingt'W, K., Paily 1013 Atlanta, Ga., Daily'. 10IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.. Trains .A-rrrveIZo. . FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Pi.nr'a 8.13 am4 Frankfort, K y. , Daily E cept Si inlay 3 40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort , Dailv F.xeept Sunday 6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains XDe;pstrtNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : . . .9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.55 amThe Blue RibbonPumpkinBy M. QUADCopyright, 1910, by Associated Literary Press.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perCheckr manently, cures &Cough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The besfc remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 abottle.Mrs. H&rrfette Wells Allen. Grfnty. S.C. says:5 mc uvt oiuhuhu iv iuuui twenty yeirs anaHs the firsf edldae that has dose ae aach good.W. T. Brooks Agent.Table Talk."The more I see o men, the moreI like dogs," declared the pessimisticboarder. "Have some sausage, Mr.Wombat," suggested the landlady.Washington Herald., Sure Thing.J07 riding is no longer risky; it'sar-vdead ,kcertaInty.---Baltimore EveningSun.It was Moses Smith who foundedand named the village of Unity, in awestern tate. Moses was the headand front. It was only when the inhabitants got to number 200 that trouble came to him. A church was wanted, of course. For two or three yearsthe people gathered in a barn when acircuit preacher came that way, butthe day came when Moses Smith saidthe devout must be ready to make personal sacrifices. Not a family in thevillage but agreed with him. Eachsubscribed all, and in some cases morethan he could really afford. Lumberwas bought and piled against the dajit would be wanted, and things weregoing along placidly and peacefullywhen the county decided to hold itsfirst fair. It was to mean much to allfarmers and villagers, for each familyof the latter had a big garden andcould compete for prizes.The soil around Unity was fine forall sorts of vegetables, but particularly pumpkins. Pumpkins had beengrown there that had been the wonder of four counties. As soon as thefair was announced every head offamily In the village at once mentallydecided- to grow a prize pumpkin forthe blue ribbon to be given. They carried this decision to the public meeting called, and at which Moses Smithpresided and said:"Friends, I have sorter planned thisthing out for all of us. Aaron Tompkins will grow the prize squash; FelixWhite will grow prize cucumbers; Samuel Davis will grow prize tomatoes;old Mrs. Tompkins will grow prizebeets," and he read the list to the endand announced that he would grow aprize pumpkin as big as a flour barrel.There was a row at once. Each wasfor a prize pumpkin, and no one waswilling to give way. Moses arguedand protested, but it was pumpkins ornothing.Moses Smith couldn't positively forbid the others to grow pumpkins,however he might discourage, and theresult was pumpkins on every hill andin every hollow.One day it was reported that at nightsome one was to make a raid onevery pumpkin patch in the villageand wreak his spite. That night ascore of men sat up all night preparedto sell their lives and their pumpkinsat any cost. After that the situationbecame more tense. The circuit rider came again and again, but to findthat the church interest had beenovershadowed by the pumpkin interest and that most of those whoshould have formed his congregationwere in the fields or gardens. Hewent to Moses Smith, as the head andfront, to see how the church buildingprogressed and was met by the reply:"Nothing doing, elder, and may not'be for two or three years to come. I'msorry to say that the town seems tohave backslid, and I shouldn't be abit surprised to see lightnin' strikin'around us any time."By the date of the fair a strangercoming into the village would havefound everybody down on everybodyelse. He would also have learned thatforty-one families were growing prizepumpkins and that each family fullyexpected to get that bit of blue ribbon.The show pumpkins must be got tothe county seat ten miles away. Twowagons could have conveyed them,but no! Each pumpkin must be gotthere by itself. It was carried therein a sheet, on a stretcher, in a buggy,by a team. When they were on exhibition at last they all looked to beabout the same size and weight, andas a matter of fact they were. Eachone had been nursed and encouragedto do its best. Of course a row couldbe looked for. The pumpkin committee had heard about the trouble atUnity and did not wish to add to it.The contest was so close that theycould very well bring in a report of nodecision, but that was far from satisfying the exhibitors. The upshot wasan almost complete failure of thewhole show.The fair over and the pumpkins returned home to be made into pies, thecommon sense way would have been todrop the whole matter and let unityprevail in spirit as well as name.Common sense had nothing to do withit, however. The exhibitors blamedthe judges as well as each other, andthat kept the quarrel alive for anotheryear. Meanwhile nothing more wasdone toward a church, and the sorrowful circuit rider got the people togetherfor a last sermon and said:"Where pumpkins prevail instead ofthe teachings of the gospel there is novineyard and no work for a pilgrim.As many of you as will pledge yourselves not to grow pumpkins for exhibition another year please stand up."Not a person arose, and the goodman closed his Bible and put on hishat and rode away. Oh, no, he didn'ttake the town with him. It's thereyet The name of Difficulty has beeni substituted for Unity, and I've simplybeen telling you how it came about. Ihad a curiosity to inquire and I didn'tknow but you had some as well. Rightopposite one of the half dozen saloonsIn the place under the new state ofaffairs is the church lumber rottingaway, and Moses Smith will answeryour Inquiries with:"Yes, sir; those plaguey stiff neckswent right at it and sp'ilt the prettiestlittle town in the state with theirblamed old pum'kin business, and theonly unity around here is when astranger asks you to have a glass ofbeer with him."International GasolineENGINESVWT&JL ' J 1 ' SJCuimw 1 i Hofcflt JA1111 H'htcrnational' KraMSw lfete6j rjffcUlllllllllll I'll'' MAmST" ff luSjBLjfjpliiifl I fff -IpEPTiWBt QP"1All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.GOT.0BRH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aS AMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it ridB the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andjn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples 3ent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.,WMmmmTWIN BROS.Department Store This WeeksAprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczem lies, Dandruif and Falling-Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."TWIN BROS- - " " " B JjTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyW. T. Brooks, Agent.Dangerous Fool.The fool who cries "Fire!" In a publie assemblage is a far greater publicmenace than the fool who rocks theboat, for his opportunity to sacrificehuman life is immeasurably greater.German Soldiers Are Swimmers.All German soldiers must learn toswim. Some of them are so expertthat, with their clothing on theirheads and carrying guns and ammunition, they can swim rivers severalhundred yards in width.Wn?fw0tm5ifora?7 certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of everv climate. A! ai AS?5i?J?will not dnp under the blazing sun, nor cFack in the bitterest coldonSemande oVly "SSS PfTess4?d universal iS&iSdtoAMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, III.!Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherovin diseases, that w are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be re-lied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends and jneighbors unless we were sure or itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives inBtant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yeanof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, Just totalk over your case with ua.G. S. Varden & SonLexington TROTSOctober 3-14Greatest in the WorldTTUT A AT 1 .KQ3 World's Champion TrotteryJ X JL JUrliM 1 .OO4 Appears Three Times.$2 1,000 Futurity - - Tuesday, Oct. 33,000 Tennessee Stake - Tuesday, OGt. 35,000 Futurity - - Wednesday, Oct. 43,000 McDowell Stake Wednesday, Oct. 45,000 Transylvania Stake Thursday, Oct. 5Great Free For All Pace Friday, Oct 68,000:Champ. Stallion Stake Mond'y, Oct. 93,000 Walnut Hall Cup - Monday, Oct. 92,000 Free For All Trot Tuesday, Oct. 10Every World's Champion from Yearling up, Present- Sensational Racing Daily.MUSIC BY WEBER. .' HALF-FARE ON RAILROADSr, iinUxnwrMi MMinwili.ufcP 7"&rtmwtvmmTjnpTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KEftTUC Y OCT. 3, 1911.DR.DOLLE'SIMQTITIITC Wh6re MEN are cured.inOlIIUlC LET ME CURE YOUITINESTCQUIPPEDJNSTITUTEFOR MEN INTHtUNITED STATESNOT MANT MILES TO COMEfcVHERE you can be cured at a very smallCOCTi IN A SHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAYFAMOUS FOB 20 TEAKS,Difficult .Surgical Operations performedwith skill and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGESQUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cared,or any Specialist.TOBJiQ MEN AND AM. MEX, C03IE.QII CQ PEKMANEBfT CUBE, without" w the knife. One treatment cures. .VARIPnPETIET NOKNBFE. Cared infAIlluUuEEX One TreatmentPI EPTIIE9E? Stricture, Etc. CuredrVUr I wITCis by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Bolls, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys, Bladder and Prostatefei&na, BBcnmatum, A erro us Troubles.HYDROCELECared 1b One Visit. Noknit'e. No danger.All capes guaranteed and accepted on theVDollePlan" of not one dollar to be paid unlessared. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 pace Book Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence . when you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that I can write yon justwhat is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.'LIuNCored by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.I wstr -..- l-ill wv. j-. . . . n .stage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical inqred-ents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,lLcnmg numurs, swellings, mucuspatcnes, none pains, ouensive pimpiesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood tJalm.) All syrapthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the e ntire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, heal- :ing every sore and stopping all aches, Ipains and itching, curing the worst jcase of blood poison. Druggists or by jexpress, $L per large bottle, with directions for ho;.ie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice givenSold bv Varden & Son.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy NoveltiesE. Tenn, 'Phone 716.Jlnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents."Work done promptly and satisfaction jguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669NOTICE.All accounts due the firm of. YerkesSbKenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attenticn on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly.22 tf S AfcYERKE K ENNEY.OsoBlood Was WrongAll -women, vho suffer from the aches and pains, dueto female ailments, are urged to try Cardui, ihe reliable,scientific, tonic remedy, for women. Cardui acts promptly,yet gently, and without bad effects, on the womanly system,relieving pain, building up strength, regulating the system,and toning up the nerves. During the past half century,thousands of ladies have written to tell of 'the quick curativeresults they obtained, from the use of this well-known medicine.TAKEV A R D U I WomansTonicN.Mrs. Jane Callelian suffered from womanly trouble fornearly ten years. In a letter from Whiteville, N. C, shesays: "I was not able to do my own housework. Mystomach was weak, and my blood was wrong. I had backache, and was very weak. I tried several doctors, but theydid me no good. I used Cardui for 3 or 4 months, and nowI am in the best health I have ever been. I can never praiseCardui enough." It is the best tonic, for women.Whether seriously sick, or simply weak, try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 4-page book, "SAILING BACKWARD.Fett of Seamanship Performed WithSquare Riggers.Square rigged ships can, in case ofnecessity, be made to sail rudder foremost, and there are many cases knownwhere ships have sailed in that reversed order. Only a few years ago a'case was recorded of such backwardsailing.One instance where the maneuverwas employed by a genius in battle'tactics rather than under the need ofmarine disaster is a brilliant chapterin the history of Old Ironsides. Thisaccount is taken from Maclay's navalhistory:"The sternmost shin was 'observedj luffing up so as to take a raking position across the Constitution's 'stern.I Mindful of Ws danger, Captain Stew-arc suaaeniy braced his main and mizzen topsails flat to the mast, shook allforward, let go his jib sheet and quietly but swiftly backed, under cover ofthe smoke, abreast the rear ship. Themaneuver was executed in beautifulstyle. The yards swung around almostas soon as the order was issued; theship checked her course, trembled fora moment and then began backing. Asif by magic the Constitution haddropped astern and almost before theenemy was aware of it was alongsideof the sternmost ship with every gunof her formidable battery reloaded anddouble shotted."The clipper ship Dreadnought losther rudder in a gale in the winter of!Sp2-3, and Captain Samuel Samuelsperformed the great feat of sailing herbackward for more than 600 miles andinto safety in the harbor of Fayal,New York Sun. sjit: "Not Always Lasting.To marry one's ideal would be fine,if we could only be assured of notwaking up.Announcementi: I have located in Paris for. pose of conducting a generalthe pur-ContractingandBuIIdillgBusiness.I have been a builderfor the pasttwenty years, and can handlel yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references fur-Inished. Call on me at FordhamRnPi nr aii lln Wnm0 hnnQ-Q7 p.oetTenrh phone 128.2. " 'VT T .pnrfrVI. U nCMCKCITYTAXESFOR 19JINow in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity CollectorTheHome Treatment for Women," sent free. 53is the highest type ofwomanhood.Scott'sEmulsionis the highest type ofcurative food.The nourishing andcurative elements inScott's Emulsion are soperfectly combined thatall (babies, children andadults) are equally benefitted and built up.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best.ALL DRUGGISTS11-17STOCK, CROP AND FARM WQTESWHEAT, RYE.-Choice Fultz seedwheat, also seed rye'for sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.The Shelby County Farmers Institute waB held at Shelbyville last weekwith a large attendance.Housekeepers who have been paying exorbitant prices for brooms willnot be pleased to learn that there islittle prospect for a decrease in price.ine crop or Droorr corn tnis year issmall, and $200 per ton is talked ofas the price.B. F. Northcutt and ThomasMarsh, of Harrison county, have soldto T. K. Shuff and Son of Georgetown,the noted stallion, Eric Chief, the lastson of Harrison Chief, owned in Harrison county, and the best living sonof his sire. The breeders of Scott areto be congratulated on the acuisitionof this horse, for he has siied morehigh priced horses than any horse inHarrison except his illustrioussire.Turkeys are reported as being agood crop this season, while ducks willbe short, as was the case last year.The drouth has had a dire effect on theduck crop.inasmuch as the "waddlers"need plenty of water to thrive. On theother hand, the supply of grasshoppers, so essential to the welfarre ofthe "gobblers," has not been foundwanting, and following the dry springandsummer.conditions warrant lookingforward to plenty of Thanksgivingturkeys, with a sufficient surplus tosupply the Christmas dinner also.Corn cutting has been goin? enfor the !past week and the yield ismuch better than expected and from .all indications it looks like there willbe an abundance of corn and thatwhile the price will be good, there isno reason for people to go crazy andpay prices that are out of question.Corn will not be worth $5 per barrel ashas been predicted, and it is now believed that $3 will be about the priceat which it will sell. Fodder is verygood but will be high.Sam S. Ralls, of Alt. Sterling, soldhiB fancy pair of three-year-old maremules to Gentry & Thompson, of Lexington, for $750. This pair of muleshas been winning all over Kentucky atthe various fairs and are the highestpriced mare mules that has been soldin Kentucky for a long time. Mr.Kallsalso sold to the same firm twoother mare mules, one a four-year-oldthe four mules bringing a total" ofS1.2B0.Burley Board Does Not HoldMeeting.A meetinff of the Exeeutivo Cnm-! mittee of the Burley Tobacco Society,which was called for Thursday afternoon in the offices of the society inthe McClelland building in Lexington,was postponed because o there not being a quorum present. The postponedmeeting will be held this week but theday of meeting has not been announcedAna men rney tJiame ine luck.Opportunity has knockeJ at uiny aman's door when he wa down at tiecorner saying "Here-s goon luck."Flows on Forever.Figg "As a talker, Brown's wiro iscertainly a wonder." Fog?; "Riat youare! Wonders never cease.-" BostonTranscript.WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? "Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?Bu,t you need not leave heme forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. -We asrare you of instant roller.9. S 'Varden &Son.QUAIL SHOOTING. ". '' me of th9 Difficulties That Confrontthe Man With the Gun."One of the difficulties of quailJhooting lies in the very fact thatwould apparently make his killing asimple proposition, his rising near thegun," says Charles Askin in Outing."Let me illustrate: If a quail rosewithin ten feet of the gun and continued sailing around the shooter's headat a mile a minute gait the chancesare that he couldn't be killed in tenshots, both the bird and the gunchanging angle with a rapidity beyondthe ability of the mind to calculate.In the same way a close springing birdmay change his angle with regard tothe gun so rapidly as to entail a longand accurate swing before he can becovered.The nature of the quail's flight frequently makes this long swing unavoidable The bird may rise to thenorth, pass to the wet sind be killedto the south. Had it been possible toforesee that the bird would swingabout to the south before being killedthe gun mljihfhavi linen pointer! there,rendering unnecessary a com lex trimmovement, but memtlnie the quarrywould probably have gone in someother direction. Th quail work thatcalls for care and rk 11 is cover shooting, und the only safe rule there is toDoint your gun as near the bird as youcan when he breaks and shoot as.quickly as you can get on."HOUSEHOLD SNAKES.Giboiaa Are Used as DomesticRi-Catchers In Brazil.In certanY parts of Brazil, where theclimate is intensely hot and whererats are a great nuisance, the commoncat does not thrive, but Is replaced bya domestic rat catcher whose presencecauses a decidedly unpleasant sensation to visitors from the north whenfirst they come in contact with thecreature.Giboias are a species of small boaconstrictor employed very generally inBrazil for the purpose above mentioned. They are not at all venomous.They sleep in the house, generallytaking up their position at the foot ofthe stairs. When nightfall approachesthey begin to wake up. and during thenight they slide swiftly about thepremises, looking for rats.Giboias are offered for sale in themarkets of Bahia and Pernambuco forprices ranging from $1 to $5, according to the size of the creature. It Issaid that they are so easily domesticated that if removed from one houseto another they invariably return tothe house whence they have beentaken. Often when one is bargainingwith a broker for the sale or lease ofa residence in certain parts of Brazilthe broker will expatiate with greateloquence upon the virtues and skillof the giboia that goes with it Harper's Weekly.Pride of Race.Many stories are told of the prideof these long descended countrysquires. They have held their owneven with peers of ancient creation.A great friend of the Duke of Norfolkwho died in 1S15 Jockey of Norfolkwas an old squire who always maintained that his name Huddleston wasa corruption of the Saxon Athelstanand consequently much more ancient:than that of Howard. Like the duke,he was a great toper and at dinner oneday rolled off his chair to the floor.The duke ordered a member of his 'family to raise him up. "Never," hiccuped the old man "never shall it besaid that the head of the house of Huddleston was lifted up by a junior member of the house of Howard." "Then,old friend," answered the genial duke,"as Howard is too drunk to lift himup he will lie down beside him," andhe did. Manchester Guardian.Sir Edwin Arnold as an Editor.Sir Edwin Arnold was perhaps themost suave man who ever paced Fleetstreet. His correspondence must havebeen enormous, but it never seemed atax. He hailed a contribution froman acquaintance with thanks on oneday, begged forgiveness on the nextfor a day's inevitable delay in publication and on the third offered his congratulations. At first sight peoplethought the friendly manner too goodto be true, but Arnold proved true onlong trial. "I am a nightly journalist," he once, said, and one knew hetook pride in the ambiguous sound ofthe "nightly." A proper knight of thepen was he. London Chronicle.Not on Speaking Terms."Three dollars a minute," said theyouth who had asked the long distance telephone rate between him andthe lady fair."Yes, sir," said the telephone clerk."I guess I'm not on speaking termswith her," sighed the youth, sadlycounting out 52.50 in his purse. Detroit Saturday NightNot Guilty.Mrs. Leeder Norah, do you ever repeat anything you hear my husbandand myself say to each other -when wehave a slight difference ot opinion?Domestic Th' saints forbid, mem.His Legacy."I hear your rich uncle is dead.""Yes.""What did he leave?""A widow we'd never heard of."Milwaukee News.The Reason."What a stiff family those new richpeople are!""Yea; you see, they made theirmoney In itarch." Baltimore AmericanYOVTIWB 1 o oWorth Smiling At.Judging .from the present styles. Ifwomen really had any sen?e of humor,it would be fatal. They would simplysit laughing at each other.A Speedy Cure forConstipation, Biliousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,Liver Complaints, Tired Feeling, Bad Taste inthe Mouth, Bad Complexion, Nervousness and alldisaascs of the Stomach, Liver and Bowels.Bloodine Liver PHIs"act gently, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,stomach and digestive organs. The pills, in oldand chronic cases of constipation and indigestion,act st once, without griping, nor do they leave anyunpleasant after-effects, nor form a constant habitof purging, produced by other cathartic remedies."Bloodine Liver Pills"restore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcondition and healthful action. Remove and prevent constipation by securing a natural and regular operation of the bowels, and relieve those unpleasant symptoms which attend a diseased ormorbid condition of the liver, stomach and bowels.To assist in attaining this end, the following suggestions are offered.REMARKS. Everyone who uses pills fortheir action on the livert should know that largedoses rarely proe as satisfactory as small ones.Large doses simply purge and pass out of the system, usually leaving the bowels constipated, andseldom; removing the cause cf the trouble, or improve the general health. On the other hand,small doses develop the alterative effect of themedicine, do not irritate or constipate the bowels,but gently stimulate the liver and prevent theaccumulation of bile by directing i's f ow into theproper channels. 1 hcreforc it is adv Issble t j commence by tiking not over one or two pills at bedtime and increase dose as necessary.Portland, Mb.Gents: I find yen "Bloodine Liver Pills"the most effective p.ll I ev er used. They causeno griping or constip tt: e after effect "is most liverpills do. Yours truly,MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.Bloodine Ointment cures Piles. 50c a box.W. T. Brooks, Agent.IHDIATISICured by the MarvelJ of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'tfotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Drugeists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with ditections for home cure.8 tteo s;m free by writing Blood.. yi o Atlanta, Ga. DescribeV"nr trcuire nd free medical advicegi ,cn. - 31:. by Varden & Son.IfllHkHfttjfTHE GREATEST REMEOrl tjiWt IN THE WORLpT-sSflWr FOR THE CURE OF ALL V 1 SrW DISEASES ARISING FROM A ',j KjB WPUEE BLOOD..- " 1 1t I IT'GIVES NEW LIFE "AND J 1 2Wt I STRENGTH TO ELDERLYJ 111 PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN.. I JA' I AND TENDER BOYS ANOJI fi A BbaJbt vffl an At mat cltliuu"f flk'lliuaoiUDNEY.UVBtMiBLAD I ' JUMIl DERDBEA3& CATARRH, wfl J fI fel ASTHMA, RHEUMATISM, 1.1 Lj" JMl GOUT. LA GRIPPE. CON.jf J gTSSI SUMPTION. DYSPEPSIA. fT ; ,Wit CONSTIPATION. HEART jLlll! F.jJU' DISEASE. MALARIA, f2i .W NERVOUS DEBILITY, jrtfllS jftSr JHBBLOODINE,.CO,2lI' uf'Si boston, run ! HAT sWlTi:T nr" 'lIVItevd i n e;We!Know-BLOODINEWill Help YouTo Regain Your StrtfigtKand Energy.-. jReport of the Head Phyio2aa Isa Leading New York Hospitalon the Cur of Catarrh. J""A few years ago we considered thafcwe were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh 'brought;to us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us.. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof, the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the large Intestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelviaCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andirCatarrh of the Stomach are onicklvcured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ox,the body attacked by tie Catarrhalcerms.1 - TBloodine is powerful tonic, noiirvishine food medicine, composed ofwaluable tonio stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanent:f iief or cure the cause of your dlsase; "Bloodine is a powerful body builder. and blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplyaaw, rich red blood to the whole body.f FREE - To prove the wonderful"merits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents in sitjyei or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodine Coepoeitiok, Boston, Mia,SW. T. BROOKS, Agent.Cannon Balls of Stone and Iron.Stone bullets were used until- theyear 1514 when they were supplantedby iron. It was near the close of thesixteenth century before leaden bullets were generally adopted. Stonecannon balls are yet used in some ofthe eastern countries.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showingi A. moderately priced one, too.Lf you a:e looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmilliuery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securjng a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.n?mluargoien s.AThe Best ofHome-KilledMeals,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,L Paris, Ky.ifmmmmmimmBvV.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY OCT.. 3, 1911.BeforeInvestingFundsthe particular needs of the investor should be considered. A security which is suitable for the business man might not be suitable forthe widow. For instance Atchison, common, might be satisfactory to the business man, but foran estate a season.ed dividend preferred or guaranteed stock, givingsafety of principal and income,should be selected.Cincinnati Gas & BlectricCo. has paid dividends for 65years. At present price it netsmore than 5 per cent, and isfree from tax in Ohio. It is aguaranteed stock and a publicutility company serviag a growing population. A full descriptive circular sent on application. In making selections of desirable and suitable investments, wecan assist you with suggestions,together with facts and figures forcomparison, that will help you tomake an intelligent decision. Wemake no charge for this service.W. E. Hutton & Co.First Na-. Bank Bldg., Cincinnati,Wall & Broad Streets, New York.MembersNew York Stock ExchangeNew York Cotton ExchangeChicago Board of TradeCincinnati Stock Exchange1 "We also execute orders in Cotton,Grain and Provisions.Fefd's for Fall Footwear.Opening October 5.Our fall and winter opening of millinery willl be held on October 5. Theopening this fall will be held a littlelater than usual on account of the verynewest things in hats cannot be obtained from the wholesale houaes anyearlier. Wait and see the real newstyles.2t CORtf E WATSON BAIRD.Democrats register to-day.IH00LFit Your Girls and Boys with a Pair, of Our GoodWearing Up-to-Date School Shoes.Every Shoe in this collection is made of good material that will standr oughwear. The styles are up-to-dateand insure the wearer a comfortable fitting Shoe.The prices are unusually low, quality considered, and could not beduplicated at any other store unless at much higher prices.We are- now ready with many entirely new Fall styles for Men,Women and Children that are exclusively shown at our store.SpecialsLadies' Gun Metal ButtonShoes, Latest Fall styles,hight toes and heals.Special 9 Ib77Ladies' Bench-made Shoesin Velvet, Tan and GunMetal.S2.99SpecialCome to Us for Your Footwear WeIuhin uuntiN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.L Immmmmmmmm flBMHl mmmm. A mmWHmWmWUM flHHHl mbbmim mmmmPARIS GRANDWednesday,October.4THE PLAY OF THE HOURBy E. E. RoseThe Rosary,3 Months in Chicago.Now playing to crowded houses atthe Garden Theatre, New York City.Like the song and the poem it willlive forever.Company, Production, ElectricalEffects, Stage Settings and Costumesbeyond comparison.Reserved tieats on sale at Mitchell& Blakemore's Monday morning.PRICES Dress Circle $1; Parquette75c; Balcony, first two rows 75c, balance of Balcony 50c.! Important Notice to the Public.The Board of Health would againmost respectfully impress upon thecitizens of Paris generally, and thosein the Henry Addition and along Vinestreet especially, to boil thoroughly,every drop of water used for drinkingpurposes. It is easier to do this thanto suffer the horrors of typhoid fever.Keep out all flies and preserve allcleanliness about your premises. Whenill, do as directed by your physician.Respectfully,A. H. KELLER, Health Officer.Famous Transylvania Stake atLexington.On Thursday, October 5th, the famous 5,000 Transylvania Stake willbe raced for the 23rd time. Always agreat race, it promises to be betterthan ever this year, with such trottinKstars as R. T. C. 2:06 1-4. Stroller 2:051-4, Anvil 2:08 1-4, Argot Hal 2:07 1-4,King Brook 2 :07 1-4, Dorothy Hansboro 2:06 1-4, Chatty Direct, GordonTodd, Redlac, Jr., Cheney and severalothers likely to come to the post. A&the grooms say, "this will be a racefor your whiskers." Don't miss it.T? s-tM n- Vk am 4-l- j- Unl'T -4-rt " vnf no -i oilroad and' attend.For This WeekBoys' Box Calf Shoes, OakSoles and Counters. Willttand rough wear.Special W mm mmLittle Gents' Box CalfShoes.99cSpecialM. F. C. REGTTAL SUCCESSClassical Program Feature of theInstitution's First Event ofthe Social Season.PLANT ABOUT FINISHED.Electric Light Machinery on Wayand Well Sunk at Millersburg Power House." The faculty recital at the M. P. C.Friday evening was one of the mostbrilliant in the history of the institution. Miss Blackmon, instructor invoice.was unable to appear on the program on account of recent illnesshowever she is improving nicely andable to discharge all of her duties.The program was calssbal and wasappreciated by all present. MissesNell and Best, as members of thefaculty, have appeared before Millersburg audiences before and we felt thatwe knew what to expect, but they surpassed theSmost sanguine expectations.Miss Nell handles her bow with theease and grace of an artist. Her tonesare pure and sweet and expressiondivine. She carries her hearers withher through all the intricate passagesof a difficult work and when all is overleaves them thirsty for more.Miss Best is a Millersburg girl ofwhom all are- justly proud. In pianoshe excells anyone that has ever resided here. She studied in Germanyunder some cf the most eminent masters and in her is a combination of themaster mingled with an originalitythat is purely her own.Miss Walker is the one new memberof the faculty whom all desired toVioox EVnm tho tirtw flho marip hprfirst appearance before the footlightsshe captivated her audience and was tnerecipient of numerous -enchores. Hertones are passionate, strong and clearand at the same time appealing,pathetic and sweet. Her dramatic action is in keeping with the rest of herwork and to judge from her performance on that occasion no one canmake a mistake in trusting work inexpression to her care.At the close of the exercises Dr.Fisher announced that the boardingdepartment was practically full andthere were others yet to come. Thewater system has been completed andthere is no reason in the future v.h7there should tver be any shortage. AiMen's latest style Tan, GunMetal and Patent Colt Button and Lace.S2.49Special .Men's Gun Metal ButtonShoes, $2.50 value.Special SlB99Save You MoneyCur fill cgymnasium is' to be equipped in thebuilding and in tne near future aspecial building will be constructedfor this purpose The institution willalso soon open a domestic departmentwhere all the young ladies will receivedomestic training. After these announcements tne entertainment cioseaand everybody repaired to the libraryand parlors on the first floor where aninformal reception was held and allwere given an opportunity to meet thefaculty and young ladies. It was anevening that will long be remembered.Millersburg is soon to have electriclights and work on the plant is beingrushed to completion. Workmen atenow engaged in digging a well at thepower house, which is to be completelat the expense of the city. The machinery is now enroute here and justas soon as it arrives it will be installedand put in operation. It is hoped thislittle city will be out of darkness bythe winter months.Handsome invitations have been received here announcing the ConwaySherad nuptials on Wednesday, Seprtember 11 at Los Angeles, Cal., thehome of Miss Conway. Miss MaymeConway is the only daughter of Mr.and Mrs. D, D. Conway and her earlylife was spent in Millersburg, remaining here until after her graduation atthe M. F. C. After this the familymoved to Cincinnati, O., where theyresided for several years. More thana year ago they went to Los Angelesto make their home. Mr. Sherad is abusiness man of Douglas, Kansas. Theyoung people will doubtless residethere after their honeymoon.Mrs. Elizabethabout the same.Dodson continuesA number from here will attend thetrots at Lexington today.Mesdames R. S. Sanders, E. M. Nealand J. A. Miller are improving.Tobacco sticks for sale.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. Jennie Lyle returned Fridayafter a brief visit to friends at Paris.Mr. J. R. Long attended the CookLive Stock sale near Georgetown, Friday. Mr. Felix Huffman, of Illinois, isthe guest of his uncle, Dr. W. V. Huffman. Mr. Earl Peterson resumed hisduties at L. & N. depot office after amonth's vacation.Mrs. Graham Smedley returned Friday after a few days' visit to Mrs. I.D. Best at Cynthiana.Mrs. Mary J. Whalfy entertainedtne M. F. C. faculty Thursday eveningwith a six o'clock dinner.Mr. J. H. Linyille sold a few daysago a valuable family horse to Mr.Henry Patterson. Price $130Three dogs were mysteriouslypoisoned here Friday, among them being the valuable bird dog of Mr. C. D.Tackett.Rev. Swift and Mr. J. F. McDanielattended the meeting of the stewardsof the Frankfort district at Georgetown Friday.Miss Bessie PurnelJ, of Paris, wasthe guest of her mother, Mrs MattiePuinell, at M. M. I , from Fridayuntil Monday.Mrs. Frankie Collins nnd daughter,Miss Ethel Collins returned Sundayafter a week's visit to Cynthiana andIonian Creek.Mr. T. T. Bentley and family willmove today from Ingles flat to tieproperty of Dr. W. M. Miller recentlyvacated by Mr. J. G Auxier.Mrs. Chas. Friend and son leftThursday after a two months' visit toher parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Carpenter, for their home in Oklahoma.Mr. and Mrs. Bower, Mr. and Mre.Land, of Lexington, Mrs. Richardson,of Florida, and Mrs. Shipp, of Richmond, wereguests at M. M. I. Sunday.Mrs. J. C. Layson, G. N. Ingles,Miss Mattie Mclntyre and Rev. R. T.Sanders are among the numoer whoattended the funeral from here yesterday. Mts. Minnie Rule and daughter,Mrs. D. B. Judy, returned to theirhome at Middlesboro Saturday afterspending sevtral weeks with relativeshere.Miss Mary McDaniel, who is teaching in Fayette county, was at hometrom Saturday until Monday. Shewas accompanied by her cousin, Mrs.Kitty Burberry, of Centerviile.Miss Pattie Hunter, of Washington,Ky., was the guest of her sister, Mrs.A. S. Best, from Saturday until Monday. She was enroute for CedarSprings N,. C, where she will teach.I am prepared to do all kinds oftypewriting work. Letters, manuscripts, contracts or anything youmay desire. Call, on me at the McCounell jewelry store. Home phone 95.4t MRS. AARON McCONNELL.Dr. J. O. A. vVaught left Friday forhis new field of labor in the Covingtondistrict. Miss Mattie Miller Vaughtleft Monday for their home in theHighlands. Mrs. Vaught and littledaughter, Elizabeth, will leave Wednesday. We desire to thank the people ofMillersourg and community for theirkindness to us during thR illness of ourfather.MRS. W. S. JUDY.MRS. J. B. CRAY.MR. E. B. CURRENT.Misses Loraine McDonald, AlleneGainett, Ruth Raynolds, of Cynthiana,were guests of Miss Kizzie May McDaniel from Saturday until Monday.Miss McDaniel entertained Saturdayevening with a six o'clock dinner thefullowing cadets in their honor:Messrs. E. Wigglesworth, F. Wiggleswotth and J. Cash.The personal estate of the late "Mrs.I. F. Chanslor, which was advertisedin the News, was sold at public saleSaturday afternoon, everything bringing good prices. Mr. and Mrs. BeriyBedford, of Lexington, and Mrs. FrankArmstrong, of Maysville, wure present. Mesdames Bedford and Armstrongbeing two of his heirs:.Norval Washington, colored, was ar-rested Friday "for stealing a pair ofshoes from Dude Derickson, coloredvalued at $4. A compromise wasreached before the case was called,Washington paying $7 for shoes andcosts.The tuany friends of Mr. James Hallwill be glad 10 learn that he is improving nicely. It will be rememberedthat he was under the care of aspecialist at Chicago.Mr. Glenn Shanklin retruned Fridayfrom Alberta Province, Canada He re-'ports the weather very cold for theseason, the mercury standing aboutzero point and the heavy wheat cropnot yet threshed. Theother boys winnot return until alter tne harvest isoverHeavy rains fell here Sunday afternoon and night, doing much damage tofences, watergaps and small bridgesShipptown was cut 'off for severalhours yesterday from Milleraburg.There was a slight washout near PorterStation, however, nc delay of trainswas caused.Go to Buck's.Vny o nina Kofli hoi riif ni csViaxrogo to Buck's barber shop. Three first-13 tfclass barbers.Fartc and rtticiirc flhnnt Tnnhnidi uv.113 uuu diuiiji.w nvuui ypuuiuand Sanitation.There has been much concern aboutAsiatic cholera and extraordinary meanshave been taken to prevent its spread,but what about the plague that is always with us.Typhoid fever is a disease of filth andis caused by a germ, the "bacillus typhosus." This germ usually gains entrance to the body in the food or drinking water, but may be directly communicated by the patient. The house fly,or. as it is aDtlv termed. thfi "tvnhnWfly," .soneof the principal agenfs ofinfection.The house fly breeds in filth and nothing else, born in human excrement, animal manure, collections of garbage,mouldy paper and filth of all descriptions, the house fly spells sloth, stupidity, and sins against sanitation.The descendents of a single fly in fourmonths may total 214,557, 844, 320, 000,000,000,000. All manure and garbage should bepromptly taken away, all garbage cansscreened and sprinkled with chloride oflime.The house and kitchen shoul be screened and great care taken in screening allfood, and especially fruit, milk and foodthat are not cooked. Keep the fly fromall filth and it will be a harmless pest.We have annually in the UnitedStates 300,000 cases of- typhoid, and25,000 deaths. From 1880 to 1909, thedeath rate per million population fellfrom 260 to 60 in England and Wales,while the decrease in the United Stateswas from 431 to 220, which goes toshow that England and Wales are farahead of us in sanitation, and havebeaten us in the race for the destruction of the filth foci of typhoid fever.All houses and business places shouldbe connected with the sewer as the ordinary sewage vault is a disgrace to humanity, but can be rendered less objectionable by a very liberal use of disinfectants. Where sewer connection is not to behad, a dry earth or sanitary pail closetis by far the best and should be frequently emptied, sprinkled with chloride of lime, and always screened fromflies.It is estimated that the money lossfrom tyDhoid fever in the UnitedStatesis $350,000,000 a year, as it usually attacks adults under the age of 40, whoseearning power is large.Perfect sanitation and the destruction of the house fly minimizes, if notentirely does away with the dreadscourge of typhoid.All drinking water should be filteredthrough up-to-date filtering plants andthe pipes through which it is conveyedto your homes should be cleaned out !from time to time, to prevent dire andvegetable growth from adhering tothem, and if the least doubt of thewater, boil it before drinking or usingin the preparation of food or cleansingof vessels in which food is Kept.Annual death rate from typhoid permillion 1905 to 1908:Germany 53, Prussia 61, Scotland 74,England 80, Ireland 91, Belgium 122,Austria 156. Italy 283, United States288, Spain 362.In conclusion I will say, don't joi"the soreheads and chionic grumblers,but try and help the Health Board, wholike yourself, have much to learn aboutthis question of sanitation, but areworking for civic pride and the common good, at some expense and loss oftime- and without any remuneration except the hope of doing some good forthoir fellow man.FRANCIS P. CAMPBELL.President Paris Health Board.aOur Line ofver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,tl ur r r i?ine no useH Both Phones.,i SEourbon Fair Came Oat Etcq.In -spite of the fact that the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society had twoclear days for their exhibition heldhere the first week in September, thereport of the Secretary and Treasurerat a meeting of the directors Saturday, disclosed the fart that the Societycame out about even on the sixty-fifthannual exhibition, and had it not beenfor the unfavorable weather conj ditions, the fair this year would hav e, gone down in history as the largestever held.The report of Treasurer Arnsparger,which was submitted at the meetingof the directors, was highly satisfactory, and was accepted in connectionwith the report of Secretary Chas.Webber, who also submitted his report. The entire Board of Directors whichserved during this year was chosen atthe meeting ;of the stockholders andMessrs. J. Miller Ward and A. P.Adair were chosen as successors toMessrs. R. J. Neely,. deceased, andGeorge Rassenfos, resigned.Mr. Jos. fii. Hall, who has served asPresident of the Society sincp ;aorganiaztinn, was e-electedProoi1Mt1 at tiie me3tin8 f the directors and W.vj. iaiuutt was eiectea as vice prcsi-$en to fill the position made vacantDy tne eleatft ot Mr. Neely and hissition as second vice president was fillnn.ed ny Mr. c. M. Thomas. C. Arnsparger was elected Treasurer andChas. A. Webber as Secretary of theSociety.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESTobacco fields in Central Kentuckyhave shown wonderful recuperativepowers and the growth of stem andln. U U 1 mi ..."t"."" "" rapia. ine proDaDie! H " 5 "the rain is still..... ...v... WIUUUI.LU tlOcoronared to oneweek ago, and many fields that indicated less than half a crop will nowmake from 60 to 75 per cent of theusual average Some tobacco has beencut and the more advanced fields areripening rapidlj. The sudden rainshave caused some of the leaves to takeJ spot while others are rotting at thestem. Most tobacco fields are yetgreen and growing and will maturelate, causing farmers to entertainfears of an early frost.Grassers in Big Leagues.In the list of base ball players, revised by the teams of the NationalLeague, the following Blue GrassLeague players are named :Fred Toney, Chicago, formerly ofWinchester.Al Kaiser, Boston.formerly of Paris.Roy Golden, St. Louis, formerly ofRichmond.Jimmy Viox, Pittsburg, formerly ofL exington.Outfielder Nicholson, Pittsburg, formerly of Frankfort.Unless the players are disposed ofduring the off season they will be taken South in the spring for a tryout.TIE FAVORITE LAXATIVEOne af Night Makes the NextDay Bright; No Charge if itDoesn't.Because cf its extremely gnlle andeffective action, Rexall Orderlies haTebecome the most popular remedy forconstipation.We are so positive that RsxallOrderlies will do all that is claimed forthem that we pesitively guarantee tohand back the money you paid us forthem upon your mere request, if yoaare not entirely satisfied.Rexall Orderlies are eaten likecandy, are very pleasant to the taste,do not gripe, cause nausea or anyother annoyance usually experiencedwhen ordinary catharics are used.Reall Orderlies have a positive regulative effect upon tne bowels and ttndto provide permanent relief fromconstipation and the myriad of associate ailments. Besides, they help toovercome the necessity of the cocstancuse of laxatives to keep the bowels innormal condition.We honestly believe there is no similar medicine so good as Rexall Orderlies, especially for ochildren, aged ordelicate people. They are prepared inconvenient tablet form in three sizesof packages. Prices 10c, 25c and 50c.Why not try them at our risk on ourguarantee.Remember, Rexall Remedies can beobtained in this community only at ourBtore-The Rexall Store. G. S. Varden & Son, Paris, Ky.nSterling Silor vuaiuy. -MMl" 43t