At ,THE BOURBON NEWS.-" V -1ZMPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FillDAY IN THE YEAR.4VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1911.NUMBER 19rr :-iiuargoien s.Tobacco Barn Burned.A large tobacco barn, containingthirty acres of tobacco, a lot of farmimplements, was burned with its contents Friday night in Montgomerycounty. The barn was owned by W.EarlFerris. The fire is believed to beof an incendiary origin. Loss about56.000; insurance. 4,000.Fresh CaughtPishThis Week.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. ItwammmmiwJi&.W .. NFREE! IW WW One 7 1-2 inch Jardiener, finished $4ft in rich red and green colors, with $W the puochase of 1 lb. Best GunUS' nrikrAr Too 5ti1 irallio VRr 1 In.j Royal Baking Powder, 50c value, Wi at c' W& " WThe Flour oi Quality.(IS You have tried the rest; now try the best. VlfBlue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65 Wis wBlue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30ft Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55 &W Reliable and absolutely pure. Try it. Money back ga if it fails to please. yjJ The Grocery Store of Quality.T. O. LE1NIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234 .!.Mrm. . . . . . .. ..-...- .kMrst-??pjsaKE?asiS(TSsE81fe-31SPRING HATSWe have received all thelatest colors and shapes inthe celebratedHowardBest S3 Hat inCall and seePrice &Clothiers.mmmsm.Paris LandsConvenI -amH!I I? A ill b 6 U iB Hicrhocr f sach nr TrarifI sV Di-k Dtr4 fi- Frrrrcbh i ivtj i aiu iui .330I aim 11 IIawumIlill"ll!l 1111 If tl I II.MV5KU "Railroadtion.After a spirited fight in Mt. SterlingSaturday at the meeting of the Republican Committee from the ThirdRailroad District, the committeeselected Paris as the place for holding a District Convention to nominatea candidate, over Mt. Sterling, by avote of twenty-four counties to nine;teen, three counties not voting andtwo not being represented. The datewas fixed for Wednesday, May o,with county conventions to be held atthe various county seats on April 29.All of the Uorty-eight counties werprepresented with the exception ofMartin and Rockcastle, most of themby proxies.The meeting was called to order byChairman Robert H. Winn and D. B.Cornett, cf Harlan county, was electedsecretary. The basis of the represen-tation for votes in the convention wasfixed at one vote for each 100 votes orfraction there of cast at the Presidential election in 1908, making 91ovotes in the convention and 457 votesnecessary to a choice for a nomination There was considerable politicsplayed at the committee meeting andfrom the Eleventh District the Edwards forces were in control, lined upwith tbe Craig forces from Covington.A. T. Siler, the present incumbent, isa candidate for renomination.Caleb Powers was not in attendanceat the meeting and thus left Ja:ksonMorris, his candidate, without hisbacking, and Senator Bosworth, Mr.Siler, former District Attorney Sharpand other Edwards leaders ran overhim and lined up against him. Thereis no Question but that the towardsmen are behind Craig and will hgh;Morris to a standstill on account ofthe Powers-Edwards muddle. lheCraiK-Edwards forces were absolutelyin control.By standing in with the forces ofthe Covington man. Hon. H. G. Carrett, of Winchester, greatly enhancedhis chances for nomination. Therewas considerable comment of the failure of Senator Bradley, CongressmanLangley and Powers to attend.Commissioner Timothy Fields andother Federal ofiiceholders who owetheir jobs to Senator Bradley, wereworking -hand in ;glove with HarryBailey, Senator Bosworth and otherCraig leaders.It is the Best.Some refrigerators are so muchjunk, made simply to be sold. TheNorth Star is made to be sold and staysold. It is the best made.J. T. HINTON.Cut Flowers.Cut flowers and funeral designs ofall kinds and all orices.14 2t JO S. VARDEX.MITCHELL nifflOREwwHAT TALK.fvtwwwOur line of the Dunlap and Stetsonand Guyer Hats, both in stiff and soft is now complete, and for the man who cares for his personalappearance and wants to wear a becoming hat,this is the store to purchase from. The DunlapStiff Hat is acknowledged by the trade to be theleoding hat sold for S5, and Stetson Soft Hats arekings of them all in colors, styles and quality. Wehave all the new shades in gray mixtures, tans,Belgins and pearls.In our Hat Department this season we show alarger line to select from than other stores.Dunlap Hats $5.00Stetson Hats ; $4.00 and $5.00The Guyer $3.00iiMitchell & Blakemore.Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."Attend This Sale.Ten or twelve good reliable familymares and geldings will be sold at W.H. Whaley's sale tomorrow.DEATHS.mmmmmli&z&mmimi&MmlbmmHat Sthe u. s. mthem. gjMrs. Mary Bryan, aged eightyyears, died Thursday evening at herborne on West street, in Paris, frompneumonia. Mrs. Bryan was born inCounty Mayo, Ireland, and has been aresident of Bourbon l county a numberof years. Mrs. Bryan is survived byfour children, three sons and onedaughter, John Bryan, Wm. Bryan,James Bryan, and Thomas Bryan, ofParis, and Mrs. Pete Fulton, ofHamilton, O. The funeral serviceswere conducted at the Catholic churchSaturday morning at 10 o'clock byRev. Father DeBruyn, and the remains were Jtaken to Washington,Mason county, Ky., for burial in thefamily burying ground.Florpnce, aged nine years, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. B. O'Connell,died at Newport, Ky., of rheumatism.Mrs. O'Ccnnell was formerly MissBessie Kenney, of Paris.Herbert Myers, of Paris, agedtwenty-seven years, an employe of theL. & N., died at a Lexington hospitalSunday morning suffering from an attack of typhoid fever for severalweeks.Mr. Myers has been in failing healthfor some time and previously has hadseveral operations performed for adisease of the par. He is survived byhis father, W. H. Myers, and onebrother, Leslie Myers, both of thiscity.The funeral services were held atthe residence on Eitjhth street yesterday afternoon at three o'clock. Services by ilder Carey E. Morgan.Burial in Paris cemeteiy.The pall-bearers were : O. V. Savely, C. E. Staller. P..Cundiff, E. Bird,R. Ro3e, L. McKenney.Choice Cattle Sor Sale.Eighty good two-year-old cattle, besides a lot of good yearlings anricavlewwill be sold at W. H. Whaley's saletomorrow. Twenty-five of these cattle are fancy and weigh 1050 pounds.MATRIMONIAL.ciHiuiiiiiinniiUiiiiiiiijuiiniiiiiinniniiJiiiiiniiiiniifuiiniiiiniiiiiMiuiiiiiiiuiniiniiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiuniNFRANK & CO: (The Store Where Reliabiliy Reigns. 1O Your hat must - m.)& suit you. xy IMA rPHE hat that looks vsell on yau mt kV lttlIt 1 may look altogether out of place Jh t'.RJ , .rgyi iv(AN on our dearest fnend. I?)h xJT. -feOl () You can't change the curve3 that (A&A t "?!wP&J jaY make your individuality ou cannot $i?(U jB jf Ay) change your lmc3 to suit a hat its Vfr (X, tSSer0yj lines must suit ou. yyyM xi C-Jy wvyA The master milliners the creators jJ frl A7Yl oE millinery styles worn by New York 7mU JTU iM I III I women realize this. Consequently JUkJtu9Li JJM the Phipps Style Line shows infinite MWmf lAVvarieties oE tpc and tone, so that mKmJ V. x 1 C?wi each -woman may find the ideal IVjflT P 1 yj) framing that brings out the dominant Jtmi 1 J JxVol Look through tho Phipps New ljl V l jWJM York Styles for the hat with the VV VXa lines that were designed to show off xl I vv( y lhe curves oi your type of face. Wk I Ii3The marriage of Robert H. Gayand Miss Eva Owens Nuckols, ofWoodford county, will be celebratednext Thursday evening, March 16, atthe Christian church in Versailles.Mrs. Andrew Bowman, of Fayettecounty, will be matron of honor andthe bridesmaids will be Misses LidaMarie Nuckols, sister of the bride.Misses Louise Webb and CarrieHunt,of Lexington, ' and Miss Annie May,of Paris. John T. Gay will be thebest man and Gay Hanna, MonetteWigglesworth. John T. Graves andAndrew Bowman will be usners.A marriage license was issued latweek to Mr. James Dalzell and MissFannie B. Tapp.: -Now Showing Complete Lines of Ladies' and Misses' Suits,and Wash Dresses, Lingerie and Voile Dresses, Silk andWash Waists, Skirts, Coats and Rain Coats.Silk1 YOUR TRADE SOLICITEDPRANK & CO.BHUfmittiiimurrmiurtHiwiiiiiiiimmimiuiiiiummmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmr v iVJ..iIII8eg I if a, r iiif IWIM t;?5X-.J.-Km.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKY, MARCH: 14, 1911.1 1;'Str:tI --r1t' ?Have Stood The Test.Tfettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Netleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glaz-med kid.They are here for your inspectiontime that suits your convenience.at aGeo. M Willams,THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES. 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP, - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.The Fountain Head of LifeIs The StomachA man who has a weak and impaired stomach and who does notproperly digest his food will soon find that his blood has becomeweak and impoverished, and that his whole body is improperly andinsufficiently nourished.Dr. PIERCE'S GOLDEiY MEDICAL DISCOVERYmakes the stomach strong, promotes the flow ofdigestive Juices, restores the lost appetite, makesassimilation perfect, invigorates the liver andparities and enriches the blood. It is the great blood' makerflesh 'builder and restorative nerve tonic it makes menstrong in body, active in mind and cool in Judgement.This "Discovery" is a pure, glyceric extract of American medical roots,absolutely free from alcohol and all injurious, habit-forming drugs. All itsingredients are printed on its wrappers. It has no relationship with secretnostrums. Its every ingredient is endorsed by the leaders in all the schools oEmedicine. Don't accept a secret nostrum as a substitute- for this time-provenremedy of known composition. Ask your neighbors. They must know ofmany cures made by it during past 40 years, right in your own neighborhoodWorld's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R.V. Pierce, Pres., Buffalo N YtONE YEAR,?L.00 SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES ;The Shoe Man.Monday will be county court day ;in Carlisle.BLOODPOISONlKfri'XT i'yfi'XTauaKiiA Treat For AUJClasses Who Smoke.An Idol Cigar in his "mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis p3lv3 t for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest,llesort-., therefore, all ye vhoare fond of a goodj'smoko, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorH. N. Rankin, of Carlisle, bought19 mules in Paris Monday, which cost .him from $100 to $235 each. j Cured by the Marvel of theone of the most noted saddle stai- Century, B. B. B. Tested forlions, Kentucky Squirrel, was sold last -q ypgrcweek by his owners, Frank Shropshire, v yaia.ana son, oi ueurgeiown, ivy. xubvtsn Drives oufc bloodEldridge, of New York, was the pur-' nfirnianpnfiv.-,- x j,GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY137;KIGHT 299.chaser.The Garrard acreage in hemp willbe creatly increased this year, andmanv who have been raising tobacco Iextensively will acain turn their at- ' itching humors, swellntention to the leading staple. Garrard patches, bone pains, offensipoison in anywithout deadlymercury, with pure .botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eat::::: sores..mucuspimplesPISThe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff of Our Coffeewill tell you it is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smells,llich, golden brown in color,with pleutr of bod', but nobitter tasto, it is a coffee fit fora kiDg. Be good to yourselfand try a pound.AThe Fleming Gazette says: "During the week past farmers of this psrtof Kentucky have been plowing and inmany instances preparing for tobaccobeds. In some sections of the statebeds have beens sown. In Montgomery it is said a number of tenants havedecided not to grow tobacco, whilesome of the landlords have reduced therental price on their farms. Indications are good for a large crop of corn.Wheat and rye are in good shape, andexcellent grazing is promised. A goodcrup of lambs is piomised."j L. R. Wright, of near ML Vernon,ione of Pendleton's most thiifty youngfarmers, has a Poland China broodsow that has a record that is hard tobeat. On April 3rd last she farrowedil pigs, on September 2Sth, 15, andFebruary 26, 13. This is a total of 3(Jpigs in less than eleven months. Mr.Wright raised all of these with the exception of 4, which died. This sow isfive years old and weighs about 400pounds. Mr. Wright devotes the mustof hi3 time in raising hogs and caysthere ib a great deal more money in itthan raising tobaccco. He "is an intrinsic stock raiser and obtains splendid results with any kind of stock.This shows that the farmers cin dosomething else other than raise iobac-ior vears has held first rank as a pro- or eruptions, take B. B. L. (.Jotanicducer of hemp, and it is likely a large Blood Balm.) All symptl.cuis healacreage will be grown this season. ' quickly. Blood is masepui ai.d richcompletely changing tho en ..,. bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase ot blood poison. Druggists or bvexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for ho:.ie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free" medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Were you dissatisfied with yourlast Coal.TryAnother Candidate Mentioned.Considerable interest in the coming!conventoin to select a Republican jnominee for Railroad Commissioner'from the Third District, is manifestedin Carlisle and Nicholas county, as Ithat county already has one candidate 'in the field, Judge Samuel Holmes.John D. Littlejohn, of Carter county,is mentioned and will probably become ;a candidate, which would make twocandidates from the Ninth Con-1gressional District. The other candidates are Mayor John Craig, oi Covington, the Sixth District :Capt. Jack-1son Morris, of the Eleventh District,and Green Garrett, of the Tenth District. The District Committee willmeet in Mt. Sterling Saturday for the1purpose of selecting a place for hold-'ng the convention.srr rAJLxszPBest the earth produces and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.ss&KzstiQti&zasb&&BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto: ef, Corner Sev:nth and Main and South MainBank Reorganized.i CO.I Total receipts of live stock at theiChinnnn mnrlrpt fnr wppIc nnriinrr March4. were 46.000 fattle, 136.300 hogs, and I At a meeting Tuesday night of the61,500'sheep. I he week's receipts as stockholders of the Bank ox Kentuckycompared with the previous week in of Lexington, which several monthsround numbers decreased 12,300 cattle, ago made an assignment, it was decidoq nnn unrra nnri w ann eVioon f!nm. ed to reorganize and reopen the nankpared with the corresponding weeka year ago cattle decreased 12,100,hogs increased 25,900 and sheep 17,300.The average prices of live stock on theChiciago market as compiled by theDrovers Journal were, cattle ipb.di).hoes. S7.04 and sheep $4,35 andWorking in the Gardenis a real pleasurethe right tools.ifhaveyouWe have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real se mceand to make work easy. Comeand get an- outfit. It will help3tou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.IjOWRY & TALBOTTiXiBourbon Laundryunder a new "name within the nextthirty days. State Insurance Inspector W. C. Bell, who was president ofthe old bank, presided at the meeting,and it is understood will be presidentof the reorganized institution. Newlambs 'capital and new blood will bs broughtD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice,,f3W Telephone No. 4.mJit H& iHowA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased, with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsqualitj' is guaranteed. GiveU3 a trial order. You'll notregret it.(lis$5.90. Theaverage for the corresponding week of lat year were, cattle$6.75, hogs $9.4S, sheep ;$7.35 andlambs S8.95. The general averagefrom 1901 to 1910 were, cattle 54.0,hogs 36.32, sheep 5.25 and lambs$6.70.RICHMOND COURT. -The Climax reports the Richmond Court asfollows: "Monday was a corker courtday in point of attendance, but in abusiness way it tell a little short.There were plenty of horses and muleson the maiket but only two buyersfrom out of town, Joe Jordan, the wellknown buyer from Wilmore, purchasedtwo large mules for 150 each for citypurposes. Several changed hands be- (tween local buyers at prices rangingfrom $150 to 195. J.E.Johnson, ofBerea, sold to W. V. Bales a pair for355 and James Rnwlet purchased apair for 390. At the Madison stockyards there were 2,000 cattle on themarket and Manager Embry said itwas the best March court day he hadever known and one of the best in thehistory of the yards. Cattle sold alltne way from 4 to 7 cents and but 150If ft over. Mr. Embry stated tnatnever before was the same quality ofcattle purchased so readily at the priceasked. Hogs went as high as 7 centswith few buyers, everybody beingafarirr of tne tottering market at present. One bunch of sheep offered failed to sell. Two carloads of cattlewere purchased by Virginia partiesand shipped out Tuesday."into the corporation, and it is plannedto make the new institution a national jbank instead cf adopting the State1chatter which the old bank used. It Iis said that it is hoped to be able to !open the new bank by April 1. Thenew institution win taKe over tneaffairs of the old banking company,including fixtures, etc., and will openfor business at the old stand at thecorner of Upper and Short streets, alease upon the building there havingbeen retained since the Bank of Kentucky went out of business severalmonths ajro.Ohas, 3. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHA$. $BRO.Both 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.Free Remedy For z; vWeak Bowe!sj..DID YOU KNOW...Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.Brussells Rugs.During A. F. Wheeler's March 'Sale9x12 Brussells Rugs will be offered for$13.75. 3 tfWhole Town Whiffed Off Map.The little town of Pleasant Prairie,Wis., 55 miles north of Chicago, waswhiffed off the map Thursday night,and simultaneously a region embracedwithin a radius ranging from Cleveland. Ohio, to Clinton, Iowa includingthe cities of Chicago and Milwaukeewas shaken as by an earthquake.But it was not an earthquake. Thecatastrophe was caused by the blowingup of the mills of the Laflin-RandPowder Company, recently consolidated with the Dupont Powder Company.The town of Pleasant Prairie waslittle more than a settlement groupedabout the hig powder plant. Sevenhundred persons lived in the village.Forty persons are reported to havebeen killed ; twelve others are missing. Many persons were injnred.There are two forms of bodilycleanliness, tne external ana tne internal. The one is for your pride inyourself; the other for your life andhealth. Both are important, but of Ivastly more importance in the long 'run is the internal cleanliness. IThis is one point that all should watchabout their body the cleanliness of thobowels. Keep them clean and free fromobstructions. To do this you must haveone or tivo movements of the bowelseach twenty-four hours. If your system Jdocs not do this naturally, in the processof catinp: and drinking:, then you mu3t Iobtain aid of some kind. After finding Iout that cathartics, salts and such thing3.relieve you for a day. but bind vou up ', worse than ever the next day. then try asimpler ana more natural remedy lllce. Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. "I For the skeptical the best way to bepin is to send your name and address toDr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle.Use It as directed and if it convince3you that a brief continuance of Its usewill relieve you permanently that it willtrain the stomach and bowel muscles toagain work naturally at certain hoursthen buy it of your druggist at fiftycentd and one dollar a bottle, just as aomany others are doing-. They began witha sample bottle, then bought a fifty centbottle, and now. fully convinced of itsmerits, they buy the one dollar familysize. All the members of the family canuse it down to the very youngest.A brief use of this grand laxative tonicwill cure constipation In Its worst form,indigestion, liver trouble, sick headache,sour stomach and such ailments and keepyou In continuous good health at a verysmall cost Such Is the experience ofmany families like that of Mrs. OscarFleener, Unlonville, Ind.. J. P. Daniel.Saron. Tex., and hundreds of others thatcould be named.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give you any medical advice- you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case in aletter and he will reply to you In detail..For the free aample simply send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress is Dr. WVB. Caldwell, R,iOCCaldwtll buiiain;, MonticUo, EL.That I Build All Kids ofFEATHERS?I DO. 1 also buy and pay fmorc money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for all kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and Furs.BEcF HIDES. Until further'noticel will pay you from7 1-2 cents to 8 cents per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St., Phone 374Paris, KyaIt Is AlwaysA Jay BirdLOCANDA 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:00;. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:11K- He holds the record for one and onehalf miles, 3:lo; vva3 thechampion racing stallion of 1904-1005; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:14)4; five year-old record 2:074 ; six-year-old record 2:05'-4 ;seven-year-old record 2:03; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 TOR AiLIVING FOALNORAB 36915, Trial 2.16, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (damofi Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALiW; A. B ACON Maplehnrst Farm, Paris, Kentucky.i-2Vv-&hjoLteLd.-- ..Jvjte3k. i?.itenss'-lAC-.L 3b 4.. JL.Llat.KMEdZfcXrp,i J "" V--.0-' .-'.5THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 14,: 1911.v O8.r iMARCH ON TO MARCH'S CLEARANCE SALE!'A4illI1IBfiiGREAT SALE OF BEDS AND BEDDING!In every line of household furnishings this sale offers you better values for your money than you ever sawin Central Kentucky. Every sale made has the March guarantee back of it.For this sale of Beds and Beddings we've gathered together the best of bargains and make the bedroom themost comfortable and coziest of all the home.Note these special Bed and Bedding offers mentioned below. Surely there will be something among themthat you can use, and you couldn't get better bargains:Elegant Brass BedNow $1275Two-Inch Continuous Post Brass Bed, full size. Arched headand foot board, extra heavy angle irons, making it strong anddurable, in stain, polished and silk finish. If you are thingingof buying a bed don't let such an opportunity as this get awayfrom you. This bed always sold for $20. March's March SaleMattress SpecialsNothing should interest you more than selecting a goodMattress. No matter how fine your bed may be, if you have abad Mattress, you can not sleep well. We carry over twentyfive different Mattresses, all at a big discount during March'sMarch Sale. A heavy cotton top Mattress, Excelsior Fiberbottom, made of good tick, the same kind of Mattress you havealways paid $2.50 to 3 for. March's March Price$1.98The Climax Cotton Felt Mattress(Built Up, Not Stuffed)This Mattress is built of layers of pure white felt, coveredwith the very best grade of Art Ticking, full box edge andwill not mat or pack down, full size, weight fifty pounds. ThisMattress sells regularly for S10. March's March PriceS6.98BeddingsSheets and Pillow Cases72x90 Bleached Sheets, regular 65c quality,March's March Price 42c81x90 Bleached Sheets, regular 85c quality,March's March Price 55c72x90 Pequot or Mohawk Bleached Sheets,regular 90s quality. March's March Price. 65c81x90 Pequot or Mohawk Bleached Sheets,regular SI quality. March's March Sale . .75cPillow Cases, the 15c grade, inMarch's March Sale 10cPillow Cases, the 20c grade, inMarch's March Sale 13cPillow Cases, the 25c grade, inMarch's March Sale15cCounterpanesCounterpanes, full size, regular $1.25 value.March's March Price -98cCounterpanes, full size, regular $2.25 value.March's March Price $1.49Counterpanes, cut corner and fringed, $2.50vnlue. March's March Price $1.79Genuine Marseilles and Satin Quilts, eitherplain or cut corner and fringed. Soldthe world over at , $4 to $5, March'sMarch Price $2.79ComfortsA good heavy Comfort for,98c$25.00 Folding BedNow at $18.75Solid Oak Folding Bed, in Golden Oak finish, regular $25value. It has a cabinet top with a 10 by 16 inch beveledFrench plate mirror in front, swell front body with best wovenremovable wire springs, with three rows of coil support8?. Inthe March Sale at$lo75Folding Woven WireSanitary Silkiline Comforts, extra size,stitched throughout, regular $2.75 gradeMarch's March Price S1.98We are distributors for Maish's LamitatedCotton Down Comforts. "WarmpthWithout Weight" the $4.50 grade.March's March Price $3.48PillowsSix Pound Pillows Beautiful ticking. Reg-lar $2.50 grade. March's March Price . . $1.24Seven Pound Pillows-The $4.50 grade.March's March Price $2.64"Health Rest," the most perfect Pillowmade; sanitary, light, a combination ofcurled hair and eiderdown. Regularprice $8 to $10. March's March Price . . .$5.48BlanketsVe Only Carried Over 40 Pairs, All Wool,11-4 Blankets, in Fancy Plaids.The $5.50 grade in March's March Sale $4.14The $7.50 grade in March's March Sale $5.232-in. Post BrassBed $7.75Heavy two-inch Post Brass Bed, full size, five and sevenfillers, ornamented post, full size, satin or polished, gold finishlaquer to prevent it from tarnishing. This bed is sold thecountry over from $15 to $18. March's March Price "$7.75Child's CribNow $3.98White Enameled Iron Crib, just the kind for your baby.Drop sides, full fifty inches long and thirty inches wide. Soldregularly for S6. March's March PriceWhite EnamelBedWe have over one hundred patterns of Iron Beds to selectfrom, taken from a stock of over two thousand beds. Ourcollection is one of the best that can be had, made up of all thenewest and latest patterns. Don't put off coming if you wantto get a bargain in a bed. A full size White Enamel Iron Bedwith one-inch tube and solid iron fillers. Sold regularly for$2.25. March's March Price98cA continuous Post Bed,, white enamel finish, in full andthree-quarter size. Sold regularly for $5.00. March's MarchPriceS3.25'lCot at 89Heavy Double Woven Wire Portable Cot. At March'sMarch Price -89cMarch'sMarch Saleanitary Steel BedCouch $2.19Made entirely of steel, covered with gold bronoe, fine steelsprings in center to prevent it from giving down. Makes fullsize bed. Regular price $4.50. March's March Price$2.19GOODCARPETSGOOD FURNITURE!flHiV H m k jJ HI HHILEXINGTON'S GREATEST RUG STORE!wsh I'4-2L j j$v.J-:.;'-. f - rT , .. 'MHMNiBBiCBnMMirV,. v'-.. jiTHE BOURBON . NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 14, 1911Am:i.nFi iMin; ''4ttSPECIAL RUGOur offerings for March I include our entirefor the purpose of advertising our Spring Stock.kw damm Urn m? WmJvzVm Vb? ks)',' aff,.'y :.- rfPi"-' h" vsa ps ", i3-l? r 'i. !ja-X &?&g ;."W : ' t .?-..'. I .!- --k .-- x i ?" i-j' . , . . . . . VVlT.M-r " . -Ingrain Art Rugs, 9x12 feet, $t.00 $4.00Brussels Rugs 9x12 feet, $15.00 value, atonly . . $12.00Velvet Rugs, 9x12 feet, $22 00 value, atonly.. . 18.50Brussells Rugs, 9x12 feet, $20.00 value, atonly . . 1500LINOLEUMS AND MATTINGS.Imported LinoleumtCork LinoleumImported Inlaid.THE NEW BETTER-VALUE STORE,E. M, WHEELER, Proprietor,' ROBNEEL BUILDING.$Iggg Jj feaacc17 n.We'll gladly arrange terms ..of payment to suit you on whatever Furniture and Housefurnishings you may need. .This little payment plan of ours makes the furnishing: of your homereadily possible.It's the way to solve your home-furnishing problem.I I !-r! JiJ;.rrnA Nice Kitchen CabinetWhat You Want, $8.75A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.frfcain and Third Sts.AL"lFfeW I li mV fcVelvet Rugs, 9x12 feet, $1S.00 value atonly .. $14-OOAxminster Rugs. 9x12 feet, $21.00 value atonly . 19.SOBody Brussels. 9x12 feet, $27.00 value atonly . 19.75Wilton Rugs, 9x12 feet, $38.00 value, atonly . . ,. ... 28.7555c Chinese Matting, per-75c-$1.50 Japanese MattingEIGHTH AND MAIN STREETS 43iSm &T fW rW&SMS& IvttpfSSRKf ?5v E- 'st. iVo' SLi QjxX HnT" -k? ""t 2iJtiHuaaa -a jxf&e&v&:Ai-Jzi -- -eiSM1 H ?kl l-nm -in v- J1 IWW mt.i iJ'4fjF$Solid OakRockerJust Like Cut.isCHLS. GREEN, Mgr.Paris, KentuckySALE!stock at low prices:'?.Jrt Aj ? VIt .' V..'jl1::yard- - 15c22cIfeOiI Z-iuiF . . J : J- 1 l, J'Very Low Priceson Brass and IronBeds$1.75 up to $32.00.Opp. Court HouseJHiGrand Jury Probing Vote TrafficThe official investigation into thetraffic in votes in the ccunties ofFloyd, Magoffin and 'Knott, whichwas recently inaugurated by CircuitJudge Gardner and Commonwealth'sAttorney William H. May, promisesto rival the revelations recently madein Adams county, Ohio. Commonwealth's Attorney May, in a letter tothe editor of a Lexington paper, statesthat a great work i3 beinz done in thebribery investigation in loyd county,where the grand jury is still in sessionand applying the probe, and that alarge number of indictments have already been returned. He says thatbetween 500 and 600 indictments inFloyd county alonp are expected beforethe grand jury adjourns.Both Circuit Judge Gardner andCommonwealth's Attorney May havegone after the alleged offenders tobreak up the corrupt practices thathave been going on in these mountaincounties for years, and the indictments against vote-sellers and vntehuyers are expected to run into hundreds before the investigation iscompleted.Horse Runs Away.A horse driven by Mr. ClarenceKennpy, of the firm of Yerkes & Ken-ney, became frightened while passingthe Windsor Hotel at five o'clock Friday afternnon and dashed madly downMain street, heading toward jastPari3. All efforts of Mr. Kenney tostop the animal were futile until itreached the turn of the road st thecounty jail, when it collided with ahorse and buggy being driven byMessrs. D. G. Taylor and HushBishop, demolishing ihsir vehicle andthrowing both gentlemen to theground. The maddejied animal wasforced over the buggy ny the collisionand tell directly into it, breaking itto atoms. Mr. Taylor suitained asevere injury to his right leg, butMessrs. Bishop and Kenney escapedwithout injury. A cairiage was calledand Mr. Taylor was taken to his homein the county.Any at Your Home?March is here. So is the housewifeAlso the broom. You may see thehusband turning the corner. Thrughnuithe United States a great dust is aoouito rise. The supremely eminentAmerican woman is on the verge ofexeicising her annual right; she isgoing to clean house. Thanks to thewomen who give our houses a cleaning. Thanks to them for cleaning ourlives. Pure women are a purification;are a blessing. One of them, thelowliest, scrubbing a window, is morethan mate for the haughtiest man.Big Money for Calverts.Among a lot of time-worn paperspacked away at Stamping GroundfMrs. A. C. Burguoise, of St. Louis,Friday found the family Bible of Obediah Calvert, containing a list ofnames of his family, and it will be usedto establish the fact that the descendants of Ooediah Calvert are also descendants of Lord Baltimore, andclaim to be heir3 to 300,000,000worth of property in Maryland. Mrs.Burgoise is an heir.Try Tftis Puzzle.Here is a puzzle that puzzles every-i uuuji Aimu mi iiuiuuui ui ;uui livingi brothers, double the amount, add to itthree, multiply by five, add to it the! number of your living sisters, multi-) ply the result by ten, add the numberi of deaths of brothers and subtract 350' from the result. The right figure willbe the nhumber of deaths, the middlewill be the number of living sistersland the left will "how the number ofliving brothers. Try it and see.I TTaint of Negro Blood Bars Children.Any person living in Kentucky, having wholly or in part negro blood intheir veins or having any appreciablemixture of negro blood, is judicially anegro, no matter how slight the taintmay be. The Court of Appeals cameto tl.i1 foni lusion in constructing the!:w i . the tase of Tioy Mullins byi:2., lUi'Ir.t Edmund Belcher, affirm-j a..:.t of the Pike Circuit jCurl.Trey Mullinb end ii's sister, Lcuneta. infant children, were refusedadmittance to the public schools ofPike county because it was insistedthat the children were colored children. Belcher is a tiustee of the educational diision and dismissed the children from school. An injunction wasaskeed restraining Belcher from dismissing the children.The children have but one-sixteenthnegro blood in their veins."The Dollar Princess" at Lexmgton."The Dollar Princcsp,Mthe beautifulViennese musical coined, comes tothe Lexington Opera House Monday,March 20, for two performances, matinee and niyht. The con pany is underthp mnniipompnt. nf Mr. ('.n.itlps Krnh-man, and numbers nearly one hundredpeople with a magnificent scenic production, and with a special augmentedorchestra. Thi musical comedy ranten months at the Knickerbocker ITheatre, New York. The music of the."Dollar Princess" is almost worthy of Ia place in grand opera. . The lyrics areextreme ly graceful and melodious,and "The Dollar Piincess Waltz" is jfast becoming recognized as a success-,or to the famous Merry WidowWaltz" "The Dollar Princess" i fullof luumakers, and each of its characters seems to be the funniest fellowvou nave ever met until the next onecomes on the stage. Iheir humor isnot of the slap stick sort, but is extremely merry and witty. The piece,through its music and dances and refined merriment, has a universal appeal. One of the prettiest chorusesthat have ever been seen in Lexingtonwill be seen with this company. Thegowns alone in the piece are said tohave cost thirty-five thousand dollars,and it is quite tjie most extravagantlystaged piece Mr. Frohman has eversent put. Owing to the melodiousscore, special care has been taken byMr. Frohman to secure giils'with goodvoices.Supeciai Judge Convenes Court.With Judge W. P. Sandidge, of theSeventh Judicial District, presiding asspecial judge, the March term of theBourbon Circuit Court convened yesterday afternoon. Owing to delays inmaking connections in coming fromhis home in Russellville Judge Sandidge did not arrive from Lexingtonuntil noon and at 1 :30 convened court.Col. R. B. Franklin is present to lookafter the interests of the Commonwealth. The grand jury, which was drawnand sworn, is composed of the following; J. N. Steele, foreman, JamesLiter, J. S. Roberts. Walter Kenney,Ed Tucker. D. L. Robbins. A. T.Moffett, George Rose, W. J. Calvert,J.M . Dodge, Newt Smith and B. F.Dalzell.Judge Sandidge instructed the grandjury at length upon the duties beforethem and dwelc at some length uponthe felonies and misdemeanors committed in the community. While hesaid he was not familiar with the existing conditions in this county, therewas no doubt the numoer of homicidescompared favorably with conditions inthe district in which he presided, inwhich he stated he had tried morethan one hundred charged with suchoffenses during the past five years.The peace and dignity of the community he said depended largely uponthe investigations and actions takenby the grand jury and all matters coming before the body should be threshedout and a thorough investigation conducted. In many cases whero offensebof various natures were committed,the perpetrators made their escape butwhere the case warranted an indictment it was the duty of the grand jury to make such return.Another matter which Judge Sandidge brought to the notice of thegrand jury and in which thu b. dywas urged to conduct a pressing investigation was that of perjury. Manywitnesses he said come upon the standand swear away the life and liberty ofthe accused and go unpunished becauseot the laxity of grand jury investigations. He instructed them to probeinto such cases as would come to theirnotice and if suflicient evidence to warrant an indictment could be secured itshould be returned and the offenderspunished to the full extent of the law.Judge Sandidge touched upon the ili !e of liquor in local option terri-Lv.ii , fe sale of liquor on the babbnthand the violation of the law by thesalcon keepurs in selling or giving intoxicants to minors. The grand jurythen retired to take up the work before it.2 The remainder ot the afternoon wastaken uo in reading the ordinary andnncQe fr oi ti,o c ;0fnrillif tt frft f ci rt rst 4 nn 4rrwvt - y-4c;t V rr, nn i- th?c t-arm W.iii ,0t-hr, ow cf,;- ;' t.v, ATr-iagainst James McClintcck. Today theCommonwealth docket will be takenup.Judge Parker Dead.Judge Watts Packer, of Lexingto".died at his home in that city yestermorning at S o'clock after an illnesabout three weeks. Death was due toheart trouble.Work Guaranteed.Pick out vniir wall miner nnw. Wpwifl put it on when you are ready Atremendous stock on hand No slight-ing work or throwing paper on walls.Work guaranteed and the guaranteemeans somethingJ. T. HINTON.Shy Named as State Fair Secretary.By a vote of six to two The StateBoard of Agriculture at a meetingheld in Louisville Saturday elected, Perry M. Shy to succeed J. W. Newman, of Versailles, as Fair Secretary.i His only opponent was Hubert Vree! land, of Frankfort. The name ofSecretary Newman was not presentedfor re-election.Mr. Shy, who is a Kepublican, received three Democratic votes, thoseof G. N. McGrew, of Bayou, who nominated him ; J. L. Dent, of Leitchfield,and jI. A. Scovell, of Lexington llawas given the solid vote of the Republican members of the noard M. C.Rankin, of Frankfort, Commissionerof Agricltuure; Henry Van Sanr. ofEdmonson county, and Fred R. Blackburn, of Stanton. William Addams,of Cynthiana, Democratic candidatefcr Governor and a member nf theBoard, did not vote.It was the Newman strength thatwas thrown to Mr. Shy. Just at thejlast moment before leaving for PortoRico, Sceretary Newman decided thathe would make no attempt lo procurea re-election, and it was at his request!that his name was not presented tothe beard. He deemed this action ad-visible, it is said, because he is a can -didate fcr the Democratic nominationfor Commissioner ot Agriculture.For the past three years, Mr. Shy.who is formerly of Paris, has servedk as secretary k to the State Board of IAgriculture, Forestry and ImimgraI tion. For several years he was employed at the Paris Millin Company in jihis city as bookkeeper and travelingsalesrran. Following the induction into office of the present RepublicanI State administration he receied his apipointment from Commissioner Rankini ana has since made his home in Franki fort.Public Sale of House and Lot.Having rented a farm in Clark County, I will sell, without reserve orby-bid, onThursday, March 23, 1911,at 2 p. m., on the premises, on South Main street, Paris, Ky., my cottage,containing four rooms, hall, pantry, two porches and electric light. LoD50x165 feet to a 15 foot alley. Water in yard, stable, hen-house, coalhouse, etc.This property is in excellent repair, being newly painted and papered,and conveniently situated, in a splendid neighborhood, on the car line andwithin a short distance of the new L. & N. Yards, and will make a very desirable home or investment. Don't forget the date.TERMS: Liberal and made known on day of sale.JOS. HOUSTON.For further information, call onGeo. D. Speakei, Auctioneer,Meeting in LouisvilleThere is to be a meeting in Louisville March 29 of prominrnt educatorsand any of the citizens of the Stateinterested in the betterment of therurfal schools. An invitation has beenextended through the CommercialClub by the RuralSchool DevelopmentCommittee of the Louisville Commercial Club, inviting any citizens interested in thi3 work to attend the meeting.In order that necessary arrangements may be made, it is desired thatany who can attend, will notify thesecretary, Mr. A. B. Lipscomb, ofLouisville, Ky. It is to be hoped therewill be a number of citizens of thiscounty interested enough to attendthi? meeting, who will send theirnames in, indicating their purpose tohe present.Hand Badly Burned.Mrs. William K. Dudley was painfully burned on the hands Sundaywhile attending to her householdduties. She had started from one roomto another and was carrying a smallcresoline lamp, when, in some mannershe knocked the lamp against an object in the room, which caused the'eontents of the lamp to spread over herhands. Her burns are not serious.Clip Your Own Horses.Buy a Stewart Horse ClippingMachine and clip your own horses andsave money, we have them. We alsosharpen the knives used in the machine. 3 4t LAVIN & CONNLLL.Asks for $50, COG Damages.Miss Eva Warrer Biggers, of Maysville, Ky., who was seriously injuredby a Harlem division train of the NewYork Central at Bronxville on July 9last has brought an action in the Supreme Court and Justice Mills atWhite Plains. New York, appointedCharles Bruce, of New York City, herguardian, She sues for 550,000 damages. Miss Biggers and a chum, Miss MaryPowers, of New York City, were hurrying to keep a luncheon engagementand had crossed in back of a southbound train which was standing at theBronville station. As they reachedthe northbound track a train, whichhad just left the station, struck bothof them. Miss Powers diedSociety Was Shocked.InSt Louissociety circleselopement andweremar-shocked by the"Be o' a society belle to achauffeur.i Vhy such a rumpus should havebeenraised over this affair is exceedingly, strange to ordinary folks. A good1 man and good woman should beeligible to marry, no matter if thefamily of one moves afoot and the' family of the other has its coach and' fv;r. 1- hte country the man who.vi '.. uiid toils is the equal of anv.nan and, the chances are, will make amuch more desiral le husband than onewho comes from the higher walks ofsocial life. If the society belles ofthe upper 400 would cease their pursuit of titled nobility and foreignduke3 and noblemen and expend more.' Vme ,in selecting poorbut honestmarried lifeI Americans as nuspanas,would be one of happiness anddivorce court3 would soon cease toist.theex-Derrick Falls.While one of the lare steel girdersbeing placed in the L. & N. bridgespanning Houston creek, was beinglifted from a car Saturday, the largeportable derrick employed in the construction of the bridge collapsed, falling to the creek below. Several ofthe workmen on the bridge had a narrow escape from being struck by thefalling timbers. The girder was removed from the bridge in about anhour and traffic was not delayed.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESBy a strong and well-timed finish,the sixty hens of Marcus Johnson, ofGlenville, New York, won a S500wager for him during month of February. Johnson's bet was that sixtynens would lay 1,000 eggs during February. It was a close call, but everyhen laid an ess on the last day, making 1,009 for the twanty-eight days.MARTIN BROSfirfjfk Q-roaf Dnvlc Vti lu,Saii'11 awWIj i 4il29 iij .Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a SpecialtyHauling Tobacco.ofUp-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.Harris & Speakeseal estate deaiers,kAIKY.I1."Wx V4t v--THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 14, 1911.' .fftb UOURBOMSWS.PERSONAL MENTION.Ewalt continuesr IRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIM tFor Sale.One soda cabinet with ten syrupsJAS. WILLS.Buys Farm.Mr. J. H. Orr, of Paris, has sold hisfarm of 102 acres on Cane Kidge toMr. Charles Walls. The price wasprivate.For Sale.One soda cabinet with ten svrup.JAS. WILLS.Easter Egg Hunt.The Piimary Clas of the Methodist1 arch will give an Easter egg hunt onSaturday before Easter. The time.md place will be announced later.A Bunch of Good Ones.S .Tie good saddle horses and someccoc business mares infoal to jack.wi i ae sold at W. H. Uhaloy's taleton.orrow. See ad on page seven.Leases White Property.Kv. Satnaiitha Walls has leased of.7. 3j. Orr the residence of the late G.G. White in White Addition and illcontact a first-class boarding house.Free Shoes.Number 1153, held by Lizzie Larger titles her to the pair of shoes given-way by us MondayGEO McWILLIAMSSheep Thief Arrested.James Brcck, colored, was arrestediy Deputy Sheriff Ernest Martin andi.'ged in jail. Brock attempted to'u! some sheep fro u J. W. Tread wa- n the Greenwich pike.HomeMade Sorghum.We have just received another barret of that fine home-made sorghumTiione your order early as it will goJLbt.i4 2t SAUER.Shannon Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney rpportsthe Wallace Shannon sale Saturday asfollows: Cows, $40 to $50; heifers$ ,0 to 40 ; black calves, $32 per head ;snoats, $3.75 to $4.15 per jhpad farmirg implements sold well. Attendancei.nall.Fell From Grape Arbor.Sunday afternoon Leonard Tally,aged 10 years, son of Mr. and Mrs. B.b Tully. while playing with some boycompanions on a grape arbor in tnerear of his home on High ttrset, fellto the ground and sustained a severecut on the head. Dr. W. K. Dudleyattended his injuriesrIomeMade Sorghum.We have just received another barrel of that One home-made sorghum.Phone your order early as it will gofast.M2t S4UER.Paris Defeats Richmond.In a closely contested game ofbasket ball the boys' team of theJ aris High School defeated the Caldwell High School team at Richmond 'Friday night by a score of 17 to 1G. 'Jn a game about two weeks ago theRichmond team was victorious. The Ir'aris boys report having a good time !while in the Madison capital and were Ientertained with a dance after the jsame Friday night.Wall Paper Time.This is the time of year both to buy'vail paper and to have it put on thewall. Our stock has not been pickedver and is the largest in years. Ourdecorators are now ready to wait onou. Come in and pick out yourjpatern? today.J. T. HINTON.Mr3. Samuel B.critically ill.Mrs Harry Simon is visiting relatives in Cincinnati.ri Dr. F. L. Lapsley was in Jellico,Tenn., on business Friday.The W C. T. U. met yesterdayafternoo'n with Mrs. Wm. Myall.Attorney Geo. R. Hunt, of Lex-I ington, attended court here yesterday.Attorney P. A. Thnmnqnn was inFrankfort Saturday on a ousiness trip.I Mrs. Dudley Pugh is seriously illj at her home and is not expected to recove. ! Mrs. J. F. Barbee is visitinc hermother, Mrs. Harriett Wood.jin Lebanon, Ohio.Mr. J. W. Bacon has been summoned to Frankfort as a member oftne Federal Grand Jury.Mr. Clay Sutherland spent Sundaywith his mother, Mrs. FanuiebelleSutherland, on Main street.Miss Nannie Miller has takenrooms with the Misses Williams, corner Ninth and Pleasant streets.Mrs. Chester Amyxand son, William, are visiting the former's mother,Mrs. Wilson, at Redhouse.i Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers havej returned from a short visit with rela- itivea in Carlisle and blemingsburg.Mr. Irvine Keller, of Chicago, isthe guest of his mother. Mis. CallaKeller and sister, Mrs. Rnbt. Frank.Mr. S. H. btivers, editor of theBlue Grass Farmer edition of the Lexington Herald, was in the city Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Perkins will Ileave this morning for Visalia, Cal.,'where they will make their future jhome. IThe ladies of the Crhistian church jare preparing to give a banquet inhonor of Elder Caiey E. Morgan next'monthMr. Ernest Martin, who has beenthe guest of his sister, Mrs. Russell! Dyche, in London, returned home Sun-!day night.Mr. Charles P. Mann, formerlyof this city, but now located in San jAntonio, Texas, is the guest of rela- jtives in this county.Mr. and Mrs. N. Ford Brent have jreturned from Versailles, where theywere the guests of Mrs. Brent's par-1ents, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Wallace.Mrs. Samuel Mackey, .who recent-'ly purchased the Ritchey property on 'South Main street, wiJl shortly move)to town from the country to reside. iMr J. W. Letton, or Freona,Texas, is the guest of his son, Mr.Reynolds Letton, near Cane Ridge,and Mrs. D. B. Anderson in thiscity. jMrs. L. Frank and daughters, !Misses Carrie and Helen, will arrivehome today from Jacksonville andNashville where they have been spending the whiter -Mr. and Mrs. Vic Bloomfield and'children of Winchester, were guestsj Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Price.j Mr. Bloomfield and family have justi returned from Florida where theyspmt the winter.j Miss Mattie Shadbourne, of Louisville, who has been the guest for several days of Mrs. Lyttleton Purnell,left yesterday for Charleston. W. Va.,where bhe will visit her sister, Mrs.George Schlosstein.-Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Mitchell,;Mrs. FrankJClay Mrs. JChas. McMillanwent to Winchester Sunday in Mr. !Mitchell's automobile to attend the .protracted meeting in progress at the 'Piebsyterian church in that city qndwhich is being conducted by the Rev.Frank Wright, the Indian evangelist.Mr. CarlYoung.a prominent jewelryman of Delaware, Ohio, is here afteran absence of fifteen years. Mr.Young was formerly with the jewelryfirm of A. Shire, of this city, and during his long absence, he says, Parishas improved wonderfully. Mr. Youngis the guest of President J. W. Baconof the Paris base ball club.Daughters to Meet.The Daughters of tbe Confederacywill meet jt the court house on Friday, March IS, at 2 o'clock. Mrs.Frank Clay and Mrs. Harry Clay willbe hostesses. A full attendance is desired. Seed Potatoes.Seed potatoes, all kinds of gardenseed in package or bulk and white oatseed just received. Both phones,tf LINKS' GROCERY.The Great North Star.As usual this great refrigerator isto the front and ahead of all would-becompetitors. The government's choiceabsolutely the best refrigeratormade. Guaranteed. A big stock nowatJ. T. HINTON'S.G. J. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.rEverything ForThe Chickens !. t iWrafjfiedCakeThey Sweeten the Disnosim nun ui ins wnuie i auiuy .I A Scientific Combination of IAll That's Good. Iiir j xir nIiixappcu m YraA i ctpcrPackages.So to eliminate all that'sbad.ffF9CINEVERMB'w j.-Galvanized VarmentProof Coops.Galvanized WaterersandFeed Fountains.Never have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearinor is believinsf.Come in any time no1Have we had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautif uljinFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized Foulards,Madras, Lawns,White Goods,Embroideries,Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.8W. Ed. Tucker.iFEESCut RateCash SpecialsFlourDown goes the price forthis week. Fairy BrandPatent Flour24. lb. Sack 65c2.602 LardAbsolutely Pure Lard, Government Inspected. The bestthat money can buy Forthis week per lb.i2icjChick and Chicken Feeds.Grits and Oyster Shell.AlsoBest Grade Dairy Feed.Horse Feeds, Etc.Paris, Ky.I ; Come in any time no 8 .-- -hi i M iiiuii ii in. mmm i iii i:l ; v wir tin vswV WUrUla A $r.).Vi) m this veofc per lb. mc t El ! wiiii imibimmbpwm inr ifnwnMrawnif ra-TT-rtm in ri ancitrcicu H.ji it 3 TBFcrSj I Potatoes ' 75c IMBSM3mM&m 1The latest mode on exhibition in M mif man 11 mour Show Window. I H B Hi HBaugheiiy Bros L-miMii-Miaiif1NOTICE,THE NORTH STARRefrigeratorJordan Richardson, who was ronviet-ed of selling liquor without a license' on Sunday in the Bourbon CountyCourt at its January term will ask1 the Governor for pardon and all whoobject will notify the Governor, andI state in writing any objection., P. A. THOMPSON, Attorney' for Jordan Richardson.BANK STOCK.Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis &. Overby has uejred the agency for a Columbus fnmX ,r toupees, wigs and hair oods of allfcriptions. The prices on wigs andrupees range from $15 up. 10 tfSix Fined in Police Court.in Police Court esterdoy afternoonv violators wre before Judge January and in each case they were as--seda fine of 7.30. Susie Jackson,T.sie Jackson, Lucy Baker and GeorgeJackson, colored, and James PJacomend Frank Wocd, white, were theffonriers. Saturday night they weremraged in a difficulty on Cypresstrect and were taken into custody LyPatrolman Link.SL Patrick Cards and Letters.See our beautiful line of St.rick Dost cards and letters.PARIS BOOK CO.If you wish to sell your bank stockpiivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 mch 3m E. T. phone 650.The Best That Ismade and sold toyou under anabsolute guarantee;Corked Lined.fiyjiaBEMPT t fTjJBmK.jfc? iHCases made inbest Solid Oak.Not imitation.Removable Ice Racks.Removable Drain Pipes.Cork Lined.pt-t Notice to Property Owners.iTobacco Cotton.Best grades of tobacco cotton atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Windsor Hotel Leased.Mr. E. W. Floyd, proprietor of theLouisville Hotel, Louisville, has leased the Windsor Hotel in this city andwill take possession March 15. Mr.McLear has conducted the hotel forabout ten yeai?. He and his wife willremain in Paris.ForOne soda cabinetSale.with ten tyrups.JAS. WILLSOfficers Raid Sunday Crap GameThp knowledge of a craD game inprogress at the home of Belle Collier, ja colored woman, in R"ckerville,reach-1td-the ears of the officials about midnight Saturday and Constable G. N.McKenney, Jailer Jje Farris andPatrolmen Link and Thomas actingupon the information raided the gamei nd succeeded in capturing eleven ofthe participants including the Collierwoman.The officers took the precaution tosurround the house and making theirpresence known, placed as many ofthe offenders ss saw possible for themto canture. under anest. WhenFour Hundred in Use.There are over four hundred NorthStar refrigerators in use in Bourboncuuny. Why? Because they are thebest made and are sold on an absolute fguarantee. Ask your neighbor.J. T. HINTON.All property owners, or agents representing them, are hereby notified 10put their premises in good sanitarycondition. All garbage of any kino,ash banks, manure heaps, cess pools,vaults, etc.. must receive proper attention. Manure heaps are the incubators for thp common house flias, agreat distributor of disease. Removethem weekly.This nutice will be effective beginning March 13, 1911, ending March 31,1911, and upon the latter date a general inspection will begin.By order of the Board of Health.A. H. KELLER,City Physician.The North Star is an Ice Saver. A cheap refrigerator wastes enoughice in a year to nearly buy a refrigerator. The North Star is approved bythe U. S. Gevernment. Do you know of another that is? The North Staris lined with pulverized charcoal and rags, called mineral wool. The NorthStar is Corked Lined. Cork is the best non,canductor. The North Staris a health preserver..ssSsfsnsjSrsgztUjp Jy-' '?"wyfw" y!?r.i H'-Hi 'Iryjjg' lf ??LOST.Between Sixth and Fourteenthstreets, pair gold nose glasses. Return to this office and receiye reward.Just Arrived.As usual, we are the leaders in up-to-date,"classy footwear. Come andsee them atFELDS'Shoe Store.Extensive. Improvements.ForSale Privately.I will sell pri.vately my cottage onMt. Airy. This cottage is in good repair, has all modern improvements andis now rented to good paying tenant.I Any one wishing to purchase ("can calli on me at my business house on MainLstreet before March 25.MRS. M. PATON.fact thev were surrounded in the housebecame known there was a scramoleto escape. There were more thanrnirty-five in the game according tonr officers, but in the confusion whichlluwed the greater part of them esared. The officers-have he names of: number of others who i were in thefume and other arretts will follow.The lunch department of the storeof Mr. James E. Craven has undergone extensive improvement, nav- . ,imr added a handsome sideboard, new mAn . sw wm. . ., T . .t.thelcounters.slasa partition, large refrig- mKALUJ I fiNANl WANIfcllnpotnc anri on nrtrpfi nis Kitcnen. iinow has the appearance of a large city jcate. Air. Craven is Detter preparedthan ever to wait on his fast increasing trade and is serving everythingthat is in the market. A special menuis served on Saturdays, court days andholidays. If you want a gaod lunch ormeal and want it quick seeXJraven.We want a tobacco tenant to growten acres of tsbarcn on the shares.Good land with three room house: neardepot and only seven miles from Pari3.'Cjlood range for puulliy. Cal! phonog4 or 83fII?axJs. 10 3tJiiliwTHENORTHSTARIS THEBEST.If you want cheaperones we have therh,but buy the best.SiitJWBaaBBoSBHSdBkjsnjaBai iy , jtpai'Caw bBkiINOW is the time to buy WALL PAPER.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286.J. T. HINTON.lrmmft:I-F-THE. BOURBON NEWS, ..PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH' 14,- 1911.jfifr.l.pferL Isi1.' iI- i1,1t.iii,YOVTRYnLAYING BRICKS.Blo o dine;We Know-BLOODINE-Will Help You;To Regain Your Strengthand EnergyReport of the Head Phyalctan Ina Letding New York Hospitalon the Curo cf Catarrh. v"A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but 6ince the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes,' Catarrh of the Bladder'and Uretha, Catarrh of the large intestines. Catarrh of the Larynx, PelvicCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andCatarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodme. Ifcbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part of.the body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing: food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynw, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE . To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents in sitver or stamps xor postage.Address, The Bloodine Cokpobation, Boston, Mass.W. T. Brooks, AgentBiSifTHE GREATEST REMEDYm FOR THE CURE OF ALL ;l If L 4 Mv. I IT GIVeTnEW LIFE AND J "J STRENGTH TO ELDERLYA 1 PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN. flfl&L I AOT TENDER BOYSAND,Wr ?K I A Bom (IcMlbmC etw IC- ? 'ftcrfKKStY.UVR..BLAD. If AB' ' DtHISeASES. CATARRH. trt fi. H ASTHMA. RHEUMATISM. L. 1" i m -coot, la cRint , vvt 1 1 t SUMPTION DYSPEPSIA, f ' ' J1 CONSTIPATION. HEART.,jfl DBCASt MALARIA fiV .t PI NtRvocs oisiurv. gU' r7H ST VITUS DA.NCE.4U. gfl l I' HI &fi Bf THE BLOODI.NE CO,7 VPC J fci.i STOS. KAJJ. fc -v AlZ' 1 r kcw Ywac. . 'bcruw. v J PFirJ M""!.''!! nvtmn. I L 1 Jlrf m '" f f i rmjJL ytheDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones f1.Joe, G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentHow Scientific Methods RaisedStandard of a Day's Work.There are now eminent consultingengineers who are engaged by industrial heads to study their establishments from top to bottom with a viewto finding by scientific study the methods of working, accounting and handling labor which will improve on theold traditional habits. Some' extraordinary results have been attained. Whatscientific management means is admirably illustrated by the story ofbricklaying, as told by an expert.Ordinarily a brick mason makeseighteen different sets of motions inlaying a single brick. He bends over,in the first place, to pick up one brick,and in lifting it he lifts ten pounds ofbrick and about a hundred pounds ofbrick masonth'e upper part of hisown body. In laying 1,000 bricks in aday's work he lifts 100,000 pounds ofbrick mason. This was an obviouswaste of labor. So a common laborerwas hired to put the bricks where themasons would not have to stoop forthem. Another thing is that when amason picks up a handmade brick,which is always a little thicker at oneside than on the other, he tosses thebrick up. turning it over until histouch tells him which side is the topbefore he puts it in place in the wall.The cure for this was to have. all thebricks piled top up before they werebrought to the masons. Then, further,every one has seen the mason tap hisbrick several times to settle it into themortar more waste of time. The curewas to make the mortar thinner, sothat the weight of the brick would settle it into the right position. This wasscientific management, "motion study."It raised the day's work for the average brick mason from 1,000 up to 2,700bricks a day and in individual cases tomuch higher figures. The mason madeonly six motions where he used tomake eighteen. American Review ofReviews.Curtis & Overby,' BARBERS.F Successors to Carl Crawford!3 OtLeiirs SAll White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son,Druggist NWW9WBMWWiN&BA Good Thing toRemember.Special Low PricesNow onTOBACCO COTTON. IWHISTLER WAS INDIGNANT.Jlnnk LmqhomManicuring. 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyWAmifiHaugHibfEast Tenn. Pho"e G69onResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. B KELLEtt,Practicing Physician,Offices, Kooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyJ J. WELrilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Xoom 1 Elks Building.At Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronacre solicited.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfHft7MHHn.Ir,'r-cr.:A' y.r. v - :i.vurrmzMLzmi:&m:rv'vV :3..raBf JVTVOP-'KfeH SWvVVi KmiM- WM&mmmiMmmW:T'lJM&&m:yFKm rera-m- mizmfe7rtmmS&M$Smmi WAWm- mrn:jmmflTMn ---:J!!zryy&:-iJM '''' -JMf1 HB r ff mf1J datemr Mar:-i7V''?..i-a & -r'-;?-3cv it das?:r.L C. -V.T'-il..& K S5.Wfeffw-?;23?g&$rSBviv-"m;eascnuproductionleers, etc., Ittuckv combined.ORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITY. En Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality didiuyukJus our Hfomtrmente from nil otlicr, while prices arethen, consider commonplace designs or out-of-Onr stock of new "and attractive Monuments,than that of all other firms in Central Ken-Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.AflBiStiii Going On!Don't Forget theCashRaising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin BrosClothing and Shoe Department"Harry Simon's Old Stand.BJiBiBMBililililliM tMli mi )fThe Idea of Buying His Pictures andThen Demanding Possession.A certain eminent English ladj, theproud possessor of a title of fairly highdeirree. who admired Whistler's genius to the extent of purchasing one of ihis pictures, never was able to obtainpossession of her property. One dayshe drove to the studio in her victoria.Mr. Whistler went to greet her."Mr. Whistler," she said, "two yearsago I bought one of your pictures, abeautiful thing, and I have never beenable to hang it on my walls. It hasbeen loaned to one exhibition or another. Now, toda y I have my carriagewith me, and I would like to take ithome with me. I am told it is In yourpossession.""Dear lady," returned Whistler, "youask the impossible. 1 will send it toyou when I have it again, but it is nothere. You have been misinformed."And so forth, and so forth, to the sameeffect, and the lady drove off withouther picture.After she had departed Whistlercommenced to poke around his studioand. to the jjreat astonishment of afriend who had been an involuntarylistener to the above conversation, hebrought forth a canvas."Here it is." he said. "She was rightabout one thing it is beautiful." Andit was beautiful."But the impudence of these people,"he continued, "who think that becausethey pay a few paltry hundred poundsthej own my pictures. Why. it merely secures them the privilege of having them in their houses now andthen! The pictures are mine!"Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Don't 'et this mostdestructive of allinfectious diseasesget a "gripyour flock.A few drops oa.. .-OH POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, LImbcrncck, Roup and otherexisting forms of poultry dibeases, and putsfowls in prime condition for eg-laying.One 50c bet tic rr.akes 12 jaMons of medicine.Ever poulfy nncr 'hould keep a bottlefth'i . ';f ,nt n h ul.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.oetOaugProfessional CardsHarry E. Mathers,IDENTIST,u?:i 11- iOpposite FrankJ& Co.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Offers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at Tiie Bourbon New3office will receive prompt attention.A Medical Sherlock Holmes.A physician was knocked down androbbed while on his way to see a patient His pockets were rilled, andone of the articles stolen was a clinical thermometer with which he hadearlier in the evening taken the temperature of a patient. lie remembered the temperature registered andalso that he had not shaken down themercury before putting the thermometer in his pocket. He communicatedthese facts to the police. Some timeafterward a thermometer registeringthe identical temperature was discovered in a pawnshop, and the policewere enabled thereby to track the doctor's assailants and to arrest them.The Wicked Majority.A new gardener had been employedon a Long Island estate. This manwas raking leaves off the lawn one fallday when a neighbor, passing by. inquired of him, "Where's the gardenerwho used to work here?""Dead, sir." was the reply.0"Dead!' said the astonished neighbor. Then, musing, he added, "Joinedthe great majority, eh?""Oh. sir," the gardener interrupted ina shocked voice, "I wouldn't like tosay that. lie was a good enough manas far as 1 know."Caution."Shall I have this prescription filledwithout further consultation?" askedthe patient."Certainly," ieplied the physician."Why not?""I thought maybe I'd better call ina handwriting expert." WashingtonStar.Everybody Wanis a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & hVf 9q Company,IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.PARIS, KY.To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most Remarkable iDndurance Feat of the Season of 1910.TSiiBBMBKSKiSSBS5S3&jicJMtvReciprocity.There is one word which may serveas a rule of practice for all one's lifethat word is reciprocity. What you donot wish done to yourself do not doto others. Confucius.Pretty Narroyv.. Mrs. Soyle Is there much room inyour flat? Mrs. 'Doyle I should saynot! There isn't room to give anybody a broad hint Judge.tA stock car left Quebec, Canada, June 6th, and after an uninterruted jnrney of 4,128 miles,arrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.One of the first of the 1911 models to reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger "Suberban,,, won a unique distinction by theLongest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom..The motor was started December 2nd, and was run continuously, not even stopping whenthe car was at rest taking on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,974.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had placedthe figures at a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record was 10,872 miles. The run was under' theauspices of the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night.Flanders Cars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual running expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent, per mile. For sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.K'V, 1.f. rj,THE BOURBON NEWS," PAWS, .KENTUCKY, MARCH' 14, 191,TPUBLIC SALE.OF.LIVEAND RENTING OF LAND.I will sell at public auction, onWEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 191 1,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at Walter Clark's mule barns, on South Mainstreet, in Paris, Ky., adjoining the L. & X. shipping pens, the following livestock.35 head of horses;16 mules;250 cattle;20 head fresh cows and close springers;100 stock ewes, with lambs by side;150 shoats;10 brood sows and pigs;4 extra good boars.Horses consist of 20 head of extragood saddlers anddrivers. Several withfast trials. One five-year-old gelding,trial mile, 2:25,driven by DougThomas.One five-year-old standard bred mare,trial 2:30. Balance good farm andbusiness horses. Five mares are infoal to jacks; 4 in foalto good horse3,10 head of registered Aberdeen Angus cows, due to calve in April; 10 thoroughbred Aberdeen Angus heifers. This is the W. W. Massie herd of cattle,best bred in the State.Fifteen of the fresh cows offered above are the finest that were ever offeredat public sale in Bourbon county Jerseys, Shorthorns and Angus.All of the above described stock belong to the undersigned and no otherstock will be offered or sold at this sale. All stock shall be as represented, andwill be sold if I have any bidders.TERMS Ninety days, with bankable paper.If not rented on or before the day ofr,ftvr.fivA 5ifrp of and. about 220 acresmainder of the farm being in grass. There two housesbarn on the premises. This land will be rented with the"N!WnKnhlf note with securitv reauired.For further information apply to Harris & Speakes, real estate dealers,Paris, Ky.W.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.W. C. McCLlNTOCK, Clerk.Master's Sale-OF-Valuable Farm.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Union Trust & Savings Company, Plaintiffs, vs.Nannie T. Morns and John C. Morris,Defendants.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the aboveetvled action at the November Term1910 of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onTuesday, March 21,191 1at the Court House door in the city ofParis, Kentucky, at about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., on a credit of sixtwelve and eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell atpubilie aution to t)e highest and best bidder. the land described in said judgmentand order of sale, or eo much thereof aswill be necessary to pay plaintiffs debtand interest and costs, and the debt, interest and costs of the defendant, W. IIMcMillan, and the cost of sale, to-wit:The following described land situatedn Bourbon county, Kentucky:FIRST TRACT.Beginning at a stone in the center ofthe land at Ben Batterton's corner;thence N 44J E 117 72 poles to a stone inTmwiJiPinZ n Snthence N 44 J W 144 04 poles to a stonecorner to xuuion nowsurru), uuiuei wBen Batterton; thence S 43 J E 147 90poles to the beginning, containing 10S acres, 2 roods and 29 poles, andsame is the tract of land conveyed toWm. G. Morris by .Richard Kirby'sheirs by deed dated January 19th, 1850, ,and recorded in Deed Book 49, page 145,Bourbon County Court Clerk s olhce.SECOND TRACT.Beginning at a stone in the middle ofOde of the Many PopularShapes That Ve Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Come Watson Baird.season paid. Five or six of thesehorse are reliable family horses.Eight pairs extra good big mules,broke, ready for work.4 yearling Shetland ponies, sired byan imported stallion, and dams are imported. 80 two-year-old Shorthorn cattle;120 good yearling cattle:40 good stock heifers;5 thoroughbred Aberdeen Angus bullsof the Massie strain;4 high grade Shorthorn bulls, readyfor service;5 yearling Jersey bulls; 1 eligible toregister, bred by Chas. A. Webber,show bull.sale, we will rent two hundred andto be put in corn, tne remainderand a large tobaccoprivilege of divisionH. WHALEY,"JRL.the pike and running S -IS V 40.10 polesto a corner in the middle of the old road;thence S 42 W 13 poles to a corner in themiddle of the said road; thence S 2SJV 9.44 poles to the middle of said road:then S G3r E 1.72 poles to the middle ofsaid pike; thence with the middle ofsaid pike N 42 E G7.44 poles to the beginning, containiug 1 aero and 14 polos,and the same conveyed to Wm. (i Morris by Thomas H. Wilson and wife bydeed dated October 10th, 1839, in DeedBook 31, page loo, Bourbon CountyClerk's office.THIRD TRACT.Brinning at a stone in the CrossRoads corner to Morris. Keller and Current; then with the middle of the Silasroad N 45 1-4 W 69 2-10 poles N 47 1-4W 12G poles to a stake; then with theland N 39 1-2 E 39 3-4 poles to a stone;then X 44 E 133 8-10 poles to a stone inKirby's line and corner to Edwards;then S 45 3-4 E 170 4-10 poles to a stonein the road; thn with the road the middle thereof S 47 W 50 poles S 39 1-2 W11 2-10 poles & 24 1-4 V 36 poie3 S 311-4 W 79 poles to the beginning, containing 193 3-4 acres, and conveyed toCaleb Morris bT Joseph Tucker andwife by deed dated November 19, 1845,recorded in Deed Book 41. page 317,Bourbon County Clerk's office, and inherited by said Wm. G. Morris, onlychild and heir-at-law of Caleb Morn's;and this tract of land, together with theabove, is the same conveyed to NannieT. Morris by H H. Peck and wife andEtta Ford and husband and others bydeeds duly recorded in Bourbon CountyClerk's office, and there is in all herebyconveyed 303 acres. 2 roods and 3 polesof land.jfeThe purchaser or purchasers will berequired to execute bonds with approved surity, bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent per annum from day of saleuntil paid, pavable to the undersignedMftSter Commissioner,Thjg ga,e u.m be mamade to satisfv plaintiffs debt and interest, amounting on theday of sale to the sum of S2G.537 G9. andthe debt and interest of the defendant,W H. Mcilill in. amounting on the dayof sale to the sum of 3Cu CO. and the. amouniinir to S313 92 ammmtineinf rf-if 1 1 & oll(l "t sal I i r jint- f1 1 - - rm - - - C7in the aggregate to the sum of $2 404.21.RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner Bjurbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Whitley, Att-rnpys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioned.Since Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness," and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Tnut Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement .Co.A Wonderful Spite.Wonderful things the little brownclovee, for it makes two breaths growwkere was oaly- one breath before.Endures for AgesBERG IS A REMEDY TDATWILL CURE ECZEMA."We Prave It."Why waste time and mone experimenting with Teasy salves and lotions, trying to drive the eczema germfrom underneath the skin when W.T. Brooks' drug store guarantees ZEMO, a clean liquid preparation for external use to rid the skin of the germlife that causes the trouble? One application will relieve the itching andoften times one bottle is sufficient tocure a minor case of eczema.ZEMO is sold by druggists everywhere and in Paris by W. T. Brooks,and they will tell you of the marvelous cures made by this clean, simpletreatment. ZEMO and ZEMO soapare recognized as the cleanest andmost popular treatment for eczema,pimples, dandruff and all other formsof skin or scalp affections whether oninfant or grown person. Will you tiyZEMO and ZEMO soap on our recommendation and guarantee of satisfaction or your money back?W. T. BROOKS' Drug Store.To Use Solder.Solder will not adhere to any metaluntil that is about as hot as the melted solder. In order to solder on toany thick, heavy article either thatmust be heated or a copper heavyenough to carry and hold much heatmust be used.No Need to Stop Work.When your doctor orders 3011 tostop work it staggers you. "I can't,"you say. You know rou are weak,run-down and failing in health, dayby day, but you must work as long asyou can staud. What you need isJcilectric Bitters to give tone, strengthand vigor to your system, to preventbreak down and build you up. Don'tbe weak, sickly or ailing when Electric Bitters will benefit you from thefirst dose. Thousands bless them fortheir glorious health and strength.Try them. Every bottle is guaranteed tb satisfy. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Machine for Scrubbing Floors.Weighing less than 50 pounds, anelectrically driven machine has beeninvented for scrubbing floors.Forced to Leave Home.Every year a large number of poorsufferers, whose lungs are sore andracked with coughs, are urged to goto another climate. But this is costly and not always sure. There's abetter way. Let Dr. King's New Discovery cure you at home. "It curedme of long trouble," writes W. R.Nelson, of Calamine, Ark., "when allelse failed and I gained 47 pounds inweight. Its surely the king of allcough and lung cures." Thousandsowe their lives and health to it. It'spositively guaranteed for coughs,colds, lagrippe, asthma, croup allthroat and lung troubles. oOc and 1.Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.Not a Word of Scandalmarred the call of a neighbor on Mrs.W. P. Spaugh, of Manville, Wyo.,who said: "She told me Dr. King'sNew Life Pills had cured her of obstinate kidney trouble, and made herfeel like a new woman." Easy, butsure remedy for stomach, liver andkidney troubles. Only 25c 'at Obcrdorfers. The First of the Month.It was after his fifteenth disappointment that the bill collector collectedhis thoughts and remarked: "It isstrange how many doorbells are outof order along about the first of everymonth!" Judge.A Dreadful Sightto H. J. Barnum, of Freeville, N. Y.,was the fever sore that had plaguedhis life for years in spite of manyremedies he tried. At last he usedBucklen's Arnica Salve and wrote:"It has entirely healed with scarcelya scar left." Heals burns, boils, eczema, cuts, bruises, swellings, cornsand piles like magic. Only 23 centsat Oberdorfer's.But ths Trunkmakers Prosper,"Here!" shouted the railway official,"what do you mean by throwing thosetrunks around like that?" The portergasped in astonishment, and severaltravelers pinched themselves to makesure that it was real. Then the official spoke again. "Don't you see thatyou're making big dents in the concrete platform?" Short Stories.Last Call.If it be true that he laughs best wholaughs last, the man who can't seea joke until three or four days afterit has been cracked must have theeverlasting call en everybody elsewhen it comes to humor. Judge.State of Ohio, City of Toledo, )Lucas Countj-. j"ss.Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and suscribedin my presence , this 6th day of December, A. D. I8S6.(Seal.)A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.HalPs Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the systsm.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists. 75 cents.Takepation.HalPfc Family Pills for constl-Loss In Heating Value of Fuel.Recent tests of the loss of heatingvalue of coal in storage indicates thatit is so small that it is hardly worthconsideration. Illinois coal put to thetest at the University of Illinois lostless than 3 per cent, in the course ofa year, but the most serious matteris the loss by fire from spontaneouscombustion and the breaking up ofthe coal into small particles so thatthe loss by dust is a matter of somemoment.PUBLIC SALEOF-VALUABLECITY PROPERTY.Having changed my location, andowing to business interests elsewhere, Iwill sell my home in Parij, Ky., onTHURSDAY, MARCH I6TH, 1911,at 2 p. m., eha:p, to the highest bidder.It is one of the best located and bestventilated boarding houses or privateresidences in the city, and is describedas follows: Located on Digh street,fronting on Broadway and High streetG6 2-3 leet, and containing about threeacres of land. House has 16 bed rooms,2 bath room?, lare dining and tearoom,pantry, kitchen, 2 porches, 6 rooms incellar, servant's room in yard, waterand electric light Fruit trees and grapearbor in yard, a good cow barn withgrain bin and hay mow.room for severalcows, good chicken range, etc.Residence is heated with a MillerMonitor furnace, the best made. Citycars pass every thirty minutes.I have also adjoining this propertyone large barn fronting on Fourth streetwith room for 11 stalls, one corn bin, 2large hay mows, buggy room.large hallway, and cistern at door. This is welllocated for a warehouse or cigar factoryor any other enterprise.The income from this property willequal the income from a 100 acre farmin the country", with one-half the labor.Ihis will make a desirable and convenient home or good investment. It willbe sold without reserve to the highestbidder. Don't forget the date., Terms One-third cash, balance inone and two years.For further information call on or address Mrs. Rachel BarlowRichmond, Kv.OrHarris & Speakes, Real EstateDealers, Paris. Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auct'r.Special WinterTourist TicketsVfAOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, 'New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs;Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West,Northwest ;South West andalso to points inAlabama,Louisiana and Miss-issippi.For rates, routes, &c, callon writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.RJLVtSSiPraWSlslJJ??5ff?lIndisorders and diseases of children drugsseldom do good andoften do harm.Careful feeding andbathing are the babies'remedies.Scott's Emulsionis the food-medicine thatnot only nourishes themmost, but also regulatestheir digestion. It is a.wonderful tonic for children of all ages. Theyrapidly gain weight andhealth on small doses.FOR SAI.E BY AI.I, DRUGGISTSSend 10c., name of paper and this ad. forour beautiful Savings Banlc and Child'sSketch-Book. Each bank contains aGood Iuck Penny.SCOTT 4b BOWNE, 40 Pwl St, N. Y.Si$ BMJtmh'-J"Birds of a FeatherFlock Together '29t lOfll WeatherCome Together,And people flock hereX For good coal.9tLJ TEMPUN LUMBERKftKSTOVESWe arc Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanrnaiieaDieAnd CertainlyNone Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-inaderivetedStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking TJtensials.Give Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky,r 'TT'-rnoaiawm racKmg o.,"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand'dealers.JBaldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.East Tenn.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg North Middletown, Little? RockRuddles Mills."W'henyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service.' 'TheEast Tennessee Telephone,lKCOBPOKATKD, -!g3t3l!t3t!3tt3tt3ttWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFTCOAL,agents forAmatjten .KOOfMg,?( ?iai&l!iTelephone Co.xandyou- ' fi$6aRange!r.i-l 'r-,7iy-.'THE BOURBON NEWSC PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 14, 1911P::ViW,;v tit-VviBJruf.U'IIM1LLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. E. H. Neal is some better.Hairy Bentleyis amongDodson continuesMasterthe sick.Mrs. Elizabethabout the same.Mrs. A. O. Robinson is confined to. . fccr home with sickness.Misses Lillian Chanslor and Ruth' Fightmaster are among the sick.Mr. W. T. Chanslor, of Little Rock,iias been quite sick but is improving.Mafaline, the infant daughter of Mr.-fend Mrs George Howard, is criticallyill with pneumonia..Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Collier were the-guests last week of Mr. and Mrs. W.- G. McCHntock, of Paris.Mr. and Mrs, T. J. Prather have returned after a few days visit to Mr.amd Mrs. A. P. Gooding at Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Lacy Clark have movd from the home of Miss Bettie Virnont to the farm of his father Mr. E.P. Clark.We have a liimted amount of high-grade coffee at 20 cents. Call earlybefore the supply is exhausted.Q4 2t LOUIS VIMONT.Mr. Aaron McConnell is gaining adecided reputation as an oculist. Hisr business along this line is improvingevery day and he has demonstrated to'those to whom he has fitted that he is-a if every way qualified to do the work.He also has the necessary appliancesfor testing and has had in the past fewweeks patients from Maysvnle, Mt.Olivet and other neighboring towrs.Jf you are needing work of this Irindgive him a call. Can always be foundat bis jewelry store on Fifth street.Mpsdames P. L. Dimmitt and J.Lynch .were in Carlisle Friday.G.Mr. and Mrs. W. G. McCHntock, ofParis, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. M.P. Collier Saturday.Miss Ethel Collins was given a surprise party by a number of her youngfriends Thursday night.Mr. and Mrs. Calvin Hicks, ofBisbee, Ariz., were guests of Mr. andMrs. G. L. Hill Friday.Mr. Aaron Smedley, of Hutchison,was the guest of his brother, Mr. J.G. Smedley, and family here.Mrs. W. V. Shaw returned Fridayafter a two weeks'visit to her mother,Mrs. Harding and family at Butler.The gardening season is now on. Wehave a large assortment of fresh seedof all kinds and are making a specialty of seed potatoes.14 2t LOUIS VIMONT. jThere will be a recital of music andexpression by the students of M. F.C, in the college chapel, Fridayevening, beginning at 7:30. Allpatrons and friends of the instituionare cordially invited.Col. Geo. W. Bainthefamous lecturer and platform entertainer, will deliver one of his famous lectures entitled "Among, the Masses,' or Traits ofCharacter" under the auspices "of theHome Mission Society of the,., Methodist church at the opera house on Tuesday evening March 21. Col. Bain iswell known here and is a decidedfavorite among the people. The announcement that he will appear hereshould insure a large audience. He isone of the most familiar speakers aswell as the most famous on the lectureplatform. Reserved seats 35 cent3.General admission 25 cents.Mrs. 0. M. Thomas and sister, JMissMay Henson, visited relatives inMaysville from Saturday until Monday. Mr. J. U. Henry and family havemoved to his farm lately purchasedfrom Mr. T. Toadvine, of Morgancounty.Miss Kizzie May McDaniel was theguest of her cousin. Miss Kittie Burbury, at Centerville Saturday andSunday.Mesdames J. F. McDaniel and W. A.Butler attended th Home and ForiegnMissionary meeting of the Methodistchurch at Cynthiana Thursday.Mrs. L. H. Miller returned Saturdayafter a ten days'fcvisit to hei motherand sister, Mrs. Katherine Howe anddaughter, Miss Julia, at Covington.a Mr. Wallace Shannon, of Louisville,arrived Thursday and sold at publicsale on Saturday his stock and farming utensils. Everything broughtgood prices.All daily papers can be securer hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AaronrCHARLES W. HECK.SUCCESSORS TOH0LLIBAY & SETTLECarriage and Repair shod at Paris, Ky;,Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.JmnBAN COHEN.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.WALK-OVERSr MENSHOiSTPCS8 It WL-N.ftmBEST BY TESTThe reason the public demands"WallOver" Shoesis because they havef testedthem and found them Comfortable, Correct in Style, Fitand Wear.Spring Shoes and Oxfordsare no arriving.Why not try a pair?'McConnell. " Don't ailto call tberwnen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HomeJournal.3 4t. R. M. CALDWELL. Agent.Mr. F. F. Hurst will spend Wednesday and Thursday in Louisville onbusiness.Miss Hazel Duval, of Paris was thequest from Saturday to Monday ofMiss Maria Smith. 'Mr. D. W. Mattox and family willmove today from the property of Mr.U. T. Darnell to Ruddles Mills.Miss Julia Carpenter was the guestof her sister, Mrs Irwin Swinford, inCarlisle, from Saturday to, Monday.Mr. Sam Ardery, of Cynthiana, andMiss Maude Kerr, of Carlisle, wereguests of Miss Edna Mason from Saturday until Monday.Mr. J. P. Auxier purchased a fewdays ago two lot' in Judyville fromMessrs. Peed.McClintock andS anders.Price private. T.his gives Mr. Auixerfour lots in the addition.Z Mr. E. W. Floyd, of Louisville, wasthe guest Sunday and Monday of MissMary Tayior. Mr. Floyd sang a soloat the Christian church at the morningand evening services Sunday.Miss Bessie Purnell. who is teachingin the Paris High School was theguest of her mother, Mr3. Mattie Purnell. at the M. M. I. from Saturdaytill Monday.We want news for the BourbonNews. We want it fresh. Those having news items for publication willplease call me Home phone 82 or leavesame at postoffice or Bourbon HomeTelephone Exchange.R. M. CALDWELL, Correspondent.The many friends of Mrs. C. M.Best will be glad to learn she is improving at the St. Jcs.'ih Hospital,Lexington, where she u; denvent anoperation by Dr. David Ijjrrow, andwill be able to return hon.i. the last olthe week.Mrs. J. J. Peed, who went to Birmingham, Ala., some us ato tcspend a couple of weeks with herdaughter, Miss Dorothy Peed, and whowas not well at the time she left here,since arriving there she has grownworbe and has been taken by herdaughter to Martinsville, Ind., fortreatment.Prof. Hannibal Williams gave sShakespearean reading under theauspices of the Shakespearean Clun ofthe M. F. C, in the college chapelFriday night, reading the first part ofHenry IV. Prof. Williams is an artistand filled the bill with lovers otShakespeare. The laudience was notas large as should have been nut theclub.lost.no money en him.Mr. J. J. Peed left Sunday forMartinsville, Ind., to be at the bedsideof his wife who is k there under treatment for acute rheumatism. Mrs.Peed was stricken while on a visit toher daughter. Miss Dorothy Peed atBirmingham, Ala. A letter from MissPeed states it is the belief of the attending physician that her motherwill be restored to her normal condition within the next fourteen days.Mrs. A. T. Moffett and mother, MrsJames Clark, were at the bedside ofmother and grandmother, Mrs. ElizaGift at Nepton Friday, who was critically ill of heart trouble. Mrs. Giftdied Friday night. Her death was notsudden though it was hardly believedby the ladies who visited her Fridaythat she would die so soon. Nrs.James Clark and daughters, Mrs. A.T. Moffett and Miss Sadie Clark, andson, Mr. B. E. Clark, attended thefuneral at Mayslick Sunday morning.Mr. I. F. Chanslor, Jr , who hasbeen the guest of his 'parents has returned to his home at Maysvillt. Itis feared he will have to Tundergoanother operation. Mr. Chanslor, whowas operated on some time ago by Dr.Taulbee, of Maysville, came home fora month's rest, believing that after hehad gained his strength he would Jibeall light. A few days ago he returnedto Maysville to consult with thephysician and was found to be notdoing so well as the physician wouldlike him to do, hence another operation may be necessary.RELIGIOUS.IAstSpecial This Week vSttSSstylish two-strap$1 .99Pumps and Oxfords, genuine hand-turned, in Suede, Velvet andGun Metal. Other stores sell the same at $2.50 to $3.00.At our store they go atDAN COHEN-It is announced that the 1911 convention of the Christian Woman'sBoard of Missions and the Bibleschools of the Christian Church in theEighth district of Kentucky will beheld in Carlisle May 17, 18 and JU.The district is composed of the counties of Bourbon, Clark. Montgomery,Bath, Harrison Nicholas and ethersin this sectoin. There will be a largeattendance of delegates from everychurch of the district.Cut Flowers.Cut flowers and funeral designs ofall kinds and all prices.2t JO S. VARDEN. :Brannon Saloon Damaged.A fire which started from some unknown causa on the second floor, of therear of T. F. Brannon's saloon in Lexington about midnight Sundayjdamagf dthe building and property about $700and caused considerable uneasiness toneighbors before it was checked. Theproperty belongs to the McNamaraestate. Firemen finally stopped theblaze by chopping a hole Jthruugh theroof and sending a stream of waterbetween the roof and ceiling.336 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyAt THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNAssociate Editors.The newspaper man is blamed for awhole lot of things he can't help suchas using partiality in mentioningvisitors, giving news about some folksand leaving others out. etc., says theMason Leader. He simply prints allthe news he can find. Some peopleinform him about such things andothers do not. An editor should not beexpected to know the names and residence of all your uncles, aunts andcousins, even if h should see them geton or oft the boat. Tell us about it.It's news that makes the newspaper,and every man, woman and child canbe associate editors if they only will.Never apologize when you give thisbit of information to an editor, for ifthere live3 one so dear that he haslost his apprecia'.ion of such favors,heis dead, indeed, toevery yritsse thst !imparts value to p per. jWill ProW Allen County Lyichint.-The investigation being made of thekilling ofJWood Ayres by a mob nearScottsville, Allen county, will not beresumed. It has been arranged by theauthorities to prepare the case andawait developments until the Mayter.ro of the grand jury, at which timethe whole matter will be submitted tothat body for full and final investigation. It is reported that other evidences, which might indicate that persons might have been lying in wait formore than one day for Ayre3, havebeen brought to light. Sardine boxes,pieces of cheese, etc., have been foundin an old house near the scene of theshooting, so that it has been determined to postpone the hearing until allevidence has been found.It is now thought by some that themob came from across line in Warrencounty. The persons for whom warrants have been sworn out came toScottsville gave bond, waived examining trial and await the action of Circuit Court.Might Work Weil Here Also.The Cincinnati Post says:4 4 A campaign to force women to remove their hats in nickel theatres waslaunched Tuesday by Attocrney Nicholas Klein and three of his friends,who declare views are obstructed bythe new style of "Dingaling" headgear, as well a3 by the old "MerryWidow'; hats.44Klein and the others visited managers of moving picture shows Tuesdayand served notice on them that unlessthe managers force the women to takeoff their hats warrants will be takenout in Fohce Court for the arrestthe managers.Its up to the managers,' say3Klein, 'and that i3 the reason we aregoing after them. They can have theiremployes tell wemen to take off theirhats and they can see that their ordersare enforced. 'j"SOileEfs PftiMriar.The recant sale of the saddle tonestallion. Cloud King, sayi (Sparta ofthe Times. New York, is urely evidence of the present popularity of thisstyle of norae. There is no deayingthat the demand for good saddle horseswith a suitatble conformation, style,temperament and gaits is exceedinglyby the supply. This style of horse hasbecome extremely popular, and hasgrown in favor since the automobilehas come into the market. Riding inthe saddle has been taken up by bothsexes. Even the children are foundenjoying the delight and pleasure gained from the saddle horse. At the DurIand Riding Academy the ring everydry and evening is thronged withadults and children enjoying tnehealthful exercise, while the bridlepath3 in Central Park are also wellpatronized bj the more experiencedriders.Albert De Cernea. Manager of Durland's.finds it dirucult to keep the supply of saddle horses equal to the demand. There is'no reason "to worry aboutthe future of the saddle and high stepping harness horse if we judge frompresent conditions which are in bettershape at present than any time 3incethe gasoline macihne became a vehiclefor road use.Cut Flowers.Cut flowers and funeral designs ofall kinds and all prices.2t JO S. VARDEN.Who's the Loser?A man had two dollars and wanteda ticket that cost three dollars at therienofc. Finriine that he couldn't atnnrlf ' oft the agent he took the $2 and wentto tne pawn snop ana pawnea it torSI. 50. Then he met a friend and 3oldthe pawn ticket calling for tae twodollar bill for Sl.bO. With thi3 $3I jingling in his pocket he went to thedepot, got his ticket and left. Who isI the loser?-4f- fc ! ! ! t? ! ! ! ! tA' .T t- ... -T- -7. .- .f. .- - '.. '-7-- 'A- -T '4-' " . - -r-' -?' --' -?. V " "-GARDEN TOOLS.Before buying inspect our l;ne of dependable ;?garden tools. We will save you money onHigh Grade Spading Forks fAH Steel Rakes eLight & Heavy Garden HoesMarking and Onion HoesFirstclass handles for above tools always instock.Lawn, Garden and FarmFencing. Neat Strong andDurable.Price and Quality Guaranteed.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky. fVi' i $ f f $ '& 1 $ $ ifi $ f "i tf-i rjp i-ft fi f ft $$?7?&COur Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anything Jrrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.MT1 r - i..a. i nf nrm nr i niiit"tr"Both Phones.BaVHHB2BHaasaMMaTIIIIibwi9IIINCREASED DEMAND FOR AUTO DRIVERSIs assured by the Unusual sale of cars at the Spring Auto Showsthroughout the country. Pleasant work, under ajrreeable employers,with chances to travel. Chauffeurs earn from ra i o.t ,. X. amonth. Our next five weeks7 auto course finishes about the time spriraiirn rtrrfnw? oa filing 'XXT:. e ruTi-n.tr mr iouier,Y. M. C. A. AUTOMOBILE SCHOOL,63 Walnut Ltreet, Cincinnati, O.auto orders are tilled.Iv:isJ