THE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IK THE YEAR2VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1911. i iIifSIMONDcp't Store,IOn account of theWeather which has prevailed for several days,the ProfitIessPrice Salewill continue for anotheruSIMON DEPARTMENT STOKEParis Kentuckymmmf6onult Tnese PriceswYwlore Buying ForiMcKernan May Manage Again, jEdward McKernan, of Cincinnati, 'who two years in succession managedthe Paris Club with much success, maybe at the head of the team next yearin spite of the rumor in circulationhere at the close of the season of 1911that he had made a deal to manage theBattle Creek club, of the SouthernMichigan League.The rumor that McKernan wouldcast his lot with the Battle Creek clubthe coming season gained circulationthrough his efforts to close a deal withChe officials of that club to assume themanagement for next year, accordingto President J. W. Bacon, of thin city,However, it is the report here nowthat the proposed deal could not beclosed owing to the fact that an amicable agreement could not be reached.This being the fact it is now confidently believed that McKernan willagain be at the had of the Paris club,as he still nelongs to the local club,and it is more than likely that he willanswer the call next spring unless inthe meantime he may succeed in landing a better position, in which case,the Paris club will stand ready togrant him his release.While the season is yet far off thelocal management is on the alert tosecure men to fill the vacancies occasioned by thedrafting of several ofthe best men arid President Bacon hassecured the names of P. D. Gallowayof Cincinnati, to a contract and alsoClem Howard, of Cynthiana.Galloway played around the QueenCity last season and previous to thattime was offered a trial in the NewYork State League. Howard, from hisperformane last season on the amateurteam in his home town, is said to beone of the fastest fyoungsters playingamateur ball in this section. Bothmen are infielders and have been highly recommended to President Bacon,who will give them a thorough trialin the spring.TURKEYS.On account of the rain wewill continue to receive turkeys until Friday, Dec. 15.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.r"zWE KNOW MOW"ISSBuai&Tjill Christmasegin Now to Do YourShoppingm And to Select Your Gifts for Father, Brother ands&rxnmirin'mrx-tfii' A imr flft -k4- &! M n 11 . t -- ,th A -m-3-s I .-. "uwecuicau jrmy ri ui iam.'c x jiij yy iiig .ril tlViCowWill Make an Appropriate Giii:wWWBath Robes,Smoking Jackets,Hand Bags,Suit Cases,Traveling Sets,Umbrellas,Fancy Vests,Collar Baii ore'5Silk Hosiery,Neckties,Combination Set Handkerchiefs and Ties,Leather Comb. Sets of Handk. and Sox,Silk Socks in Xmas Boxes,Linen Handkerchiefs in Leather Cases, .Kid Gloves,Silk Mufflers.1 6iiristmssfais500 lbs. Candy, per lb 15c, 20c, 25cOranges, any size, per box $2.75Apples, per peck. . . . 25c, 30c, 35cW Seeded Raisins, per lb 15cl) Dates, per lb . 10cjf Dates, Stuffed, per package -a 15cf Mixed Nuts, per lb '-? 20cfo Cranberries, per qtl: .""...:.. &: .Ttt2 l-2c$ Dressed Fowls of all kinds.ijff Fresh Oysters and Celery.Holly Wreaths.Holly wreaths and loose holly forChristmas decorations. Let us haveyour order,x T. LENIHAN.Swell Line.We have just received the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forr Christmas gifts.x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PAKLUK.Christmas Box Given Free With All Neckties.ma H& Stetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, Guaranteed JPatentLeather Shoes for Men. Look us up.Mitchell & Blakemore9wUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75Fresh Fish Every Friday and Saturday.T. C. LENIHAN, PropBoth Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,M..; qfyW&t&&&tfmwmmSmmmmSmALsiirisimasTURKEYS.On account of the rain we,-will continue to receive tur-'keys until Friday, Dec. 15.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Field's Minstrels TomorrowNight.Al G. Field's big minstrels, trielargest organization of its kind on theroad, will be the attraction at meGrand tomorrow night. This is an attraction which it was extremely difficult for the management of the Grandto secure and it was only after a liberal guarantee had been given that thecompany was secured. Although someof the attractions this season have notbeen up to the standard, there shouldbe no doubt in the minds of anyone asto the merits of the Field show.Mr. Field deserves and doubtlesswill have a large audience and it isearnestly urged upon everyone who intends to see the show to reserve theirseats advance at Mitchell & Blakemore's. The sale of seats is now on.The prices are $1 for the lower floor,75 cents in the balcony and 50 cents inthe gallery.sm Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentucky mwft ..ffiimimmngMmtimmfYm mm imam KVttvmxi:vwyf m ?& x& x& appmmmimtwmmimtmtmi mim mmi&WkmmmmwvvvPKPVW!T SVM7T j f i Ik ilfinflllwmmmm wwvpyvtg Lsxiimu nm niMuiixirxxi t iiii iiii in i wniiiii mi i n 1 1 ii 1 1 iiiuui i iii u ;i 1 1 1 1 1 1 w 1 1 1 1 1 1 in ii mi u it innniiniiininininniininka EFRANK.- .,- .- . .,. .t . mi U 1. -V- 14 &-? &&?BammmmmmSmmmwwm&mwmf&mVpfestions !6 Initial Handkerchiefs in Box 50c6 Initial Handkerchiefs in Box 75c3 White Handkerchiefs in Box 25c4 White Handkerchiefs in Box 50c6 White Handkerchiefs in Box 75cInitial Handkerchief, Silk . . 25c and 50cCombination Set Tie and Sox,50c, 75c and 51.00Combination Set Tie, Sox andHandkerchief, $1.50Fur Caps for Men and BoysCombination Set Suspenders, Garterand Arm Band, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50Silk Neckwear 25c, 50c, $1Phoenix Muffler?. .50c, SI, $1.25, $1.50Shirts 50c, $1, S1.50All kinds of Gloves, includingFur Gauntlets.n13FS?mmimv5ss& CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Big98mftstLSK?mmmMen's and Boys' Suits andOvercoats at Right Prices, muit & Cloak Sale!EXTRAORDINARY VALUES.45 Suits and Dresses, Choice $7.Sold Formerly up to $2075 Suits and Dresses, Choice $10Sold Formerly up to $25FURSNothing is more pleasing to the Ladies than a nice set of Furs fora Christmas Present. We have a large stock from which to select.Ladies' Misses' and Children's CloaksAll Reduced in Price.TOYLANDPRIGS & CO., ClothiersS6$&mOur Stock of Dolls and Toys is most complete. Come andbring the children. All are welcome. In addition to our line ofToys, our stock of goods suitable for Christmae Presentsfor all the grown folks is augmented by many new and strikingnovelties. Come in and take a look. You are always welcome.fSfFrank & Co.a;iySr-ZZift ' ujHParis, - - KentuckyaHnH?H?lIHHIWnTninim.K5iiiimilMimmSSM.r.tfAt. r.'AL. .t.l'AL. .f.V'AL. I.'V mrtt'SKL fV"i -It.l-X -'VV .l'M'.-3i V-ir.5ir-.,VJ'". Ok,V lWf.S;iMVJIf.VW "W 'Milii&MMtttttti2RefaF2!&ttF3&ttt ?55'mfflmftjs?mmezawaf.iS&Yj$&j&se&,wsv&!mL r MMM0ojjmAviHim.vm.F3ifBfiSa88fISr?imr 5JC JKZ KC flwiV XXVSiT3iV Ksi 4V W -t-r --t. - .-.s'(t4THE BOURBON .NEWS PARIS, .KENTUCKY, DEC. VI 5. 191 1 ..ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.THE BOURBON NEWSHonored by Womenwill not be yours unless youhave a parior stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.BOTH 'PHONES.-124. N0. 320 MAIN STREET.When a woman speaks of bersilent secret suffering shetrusts you. Millions have bestowed this mark of confidence on Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y. Everywhere there are women whobear witness to the wonderworking, curing-power of Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescriptionwhich saves the suffering sexfrom pain, and successfullygrapples with woman's weakSWIFT CHAMP, - - Editor and Owner;Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Boaconice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 188130 Years of Continuous Publicationnesses and stubborn ills.IT MAKES WEAK WOHEN STRONGIT HAKES SICK WOMEN WELL.No woman's appeal was ever misdirected or her confidence misplaced when she wrote for advice, tothe "World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr..R. V. Pierce, President, Buffalo, N. Y.DJflnlaV advAT.TQfiTrifiTlf.Q. 1 ftA nan tnnh fny ftitcvt- 4-1 . en 4. ieach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue :readme notices in black tv-no. 20 nfvnf.a riar Una aarv ica-.-... o-i- .i icalls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. Iexit-u-ofeivPublished Every Tuesday and Friday,Dr. Pierce'sPleasant Pellets induce mild natural bowel movement once a day. .one YEAR,$2.00 SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00I,sll itWtt!lON p? g fUl!LStfJ XSt-''r; S39 &'&& w'4Sas4SBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.SiSI4&i h - wvmiWBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.-.YOVCBio oauuuuivii. j.'or eitruD monins i wasT11 4rva l-i'a. n;I.L J-mnaoie to -woir. ueath seemed toclose on my heels, when I beganxaree weefcs ago to use Dr King's ixi ew uisuovery. auz ic nas nelped megreatly. It is doing all that you claim."iter weak,sore langs.obstinate coughsstubborn colds, hoarseness, lagrippe,-d-oniiiia, .iiaty icver or any enroat or iiung troume its supreme. 50c and $1TrialTottle free Gu-iranteed by Ober:Iorfer,Feminine Applause.-What on earth d'you keep olapplnftfr? That last iinger wag awful!""J. know; but I liked the style of herrcTotbes and I want to have anotherlook at them." London Opinion.Kffi GREATEST REMEDYlK- MNTHE WORLD &t Mforthe ami of auJv!& , J W DISEASES AKSINCraOSl 1 tr t V aPUEE BLOOOj.'" "l i! . rf CIVES NEW LIFE ANDSTRENGTH TO ELDERLY 1-j l PEOPLE. DEUCATE WOMEN, Jtefe. AND TENDER BOYS AND FSKr " i'U. . - t icuce(KnNEY.LIVP.WBtAD- 'j 4iMJ B D DISEASES. CATARRH. I,,! f" i 1 ASTHMA. RHEUMATISM. JJ p I. II A GOUT. LA GRIPPE. CON. J , f1 Li SUMPTION, DYSPEPSIA. iKA CONSTIPATION. HEART f Jfii! ,,jflA OIKASE. KAIARIA. 2;L IkTKl raxvous debility, jSI STVrrUSDANCStt. llllj I ' Jf aTHE BLOODINE CO,f m r tmxMi V NK x.;. Wins Fight for Life. ' A Dreadful WoundTf b o 1a. ji t-i j i in - TVlm n L-r?fia mm 4-ln n. .,!- ;i I: r -?i5for Zr .? ???"l u.d.lwVor firflroe ,. U?U "' 'rr"i "?,"' 'the act must make reports with$ f Voara- XT- t e .u.-i. i -j.. nmnrU nrnmnf. attonfmn w;-u r,,i, aays aicer uciooer i ana aprn lt -t ,:r "-v." LurJz?uL wes wB A?;ToTs,r vx1"" ::;:,. zyzs penalty of from $300 to si.000l Uiemorrhaires and was vervwPnl3' Poison or gangrene. Tt's the Quick- LmPrisnralnt 0jm?nts-T '11 Y Wrva 'li1. .? 1 J. JA P rticuiar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.wOffwifcL-(SlrS.d i n e)We KnowBLOODINEWffl Help YouTo Regain Your Stre&gtti" s and Energy. 'Report of she Heo.cl Physician id& Leading New York Hospital "t on the Ctsre of Catarrhi "A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured tenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder,'and TJretha, Catarrh of the large intestines, uatarrn of the Larynx, Pelviatissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part of,the body attacked By the CatarrhalgermsV'L-.Bloodine is ft powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanent: relief or cure the cause of your disease.;"Blcodineisa powerful body builderSB hlood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail avttuaixii, javaiiu ui wie xiirottu,, anarvC Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklyV) cured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewlarge sample bottle for 10 cents m fillver or stamps for postage.Address, Thb Bloodine Cokpoeation, Boston Mass.W. T. Brooks, Agent.est' surest healer for all snnh wnnndsas also for burns,' boils, sores, skineruptions, eczema, chapped hands,coins or piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Truth or Repose.God offers to every man his cholctbetween truth and repose. Ralph WaJdo Emerson.Work Will Soon Start.after you take Dr. King's New LifePills and you'll auicklv eniov theirfine results. Constipation and indigesj tion vanish and fine appetite returns.They regulate stomach, .liver andbowels and impart new strength andj energy to the whole system. Try them25c at Oberderfer's.McCreary Inaugurated for Second Time.James B. McCreary of Madison county, was Tuesday inaugurated Governorof Kentucky for the second time in hiscareer, the interval between the twoinaugurations being thirty-six years.The oath of office was administeredto Gov. McCreary in the rotunda ofthe new Capitol building on the secondfloor by Judge J. P. Hobson of theCourt ot Appeals.Fully four thousand people packedthe rotunda of the building to witnessthe ceremonies. On the outside of thebuilding stood thousands nf people in apitiless rain which had continuedthroughout the day, causing the arrangements committee at the latehour to change the place of conductingthe ceremonies from the steps of theCapitol building to the interior.Immediately after the oath of officewas administered to Mr. McCreary,making him Governor of Kentucky,the oath was administered to EdwardJ. McDermott, of Louisville, makinghim Lieutenant Governor.The rain cut down the parade to afew hundred instead of three thousandthat were expected to be in line, andthose who marched were drenchedwith the cold December rain.Despite the heavy fall of rain theparade escorted Mr. McCreary fromthe Governor's mansion in NorthFrankfort to the new capitol in SouthFrankfort.The guard of honor that walked oneach side of the Governor's carriagewas composed of the twelve survivingmembers of the McCreary Guards, amilitary company that was formed in1877 in Frankfort when Mr. McCrearywas Goveronr the first time. Theywore no uniforms but had on largebadges.A few minutes after the noon hourthe oath of oeffie was administered toGov. McCreary by Chief Justice J. P.Hobson of the Court of Appeals.Mr. Mccreary delivered his inaugural address following the retiring Governor who made a short farewell address. The Governor's party was then 'escorted to the State reception room inthr Capitol, where a reception washeld for two hours.The inaugural ball was held Tuesdaynight at the Capitol Hotel, and wasthe closing event of tne day for theinauguration of Kentucky's new Governor. Magnificent Home.8 The Walls property, the -magnicfienthome of the late G. G. White, will bemsolri to the highest bidder regardlessof cost on December 19, 1911, at 10o'clock.House Passes Cantrill Bill.The Cantrill tobacco bill, directingthe director of the Census semi-annually to make public the amount of tcbacco in the hands of manufacturers,was passed by the House Friday. Itnow goes to the Senate which will alsoprobaoly act favorably on the measure. The bill authorizes and directs theDirector of the Census to collect andpublish, in addition to the tobacco reports now being made by him, statistics of the quantity of leaf tobaccoin all forms, except manufactured tobacco, in the possession of all personswho are dealers or manufacturers,other than the original growers of tobacco. This data is to be furnishedtheDirector on October 1 and April 1of each year.The Director is not required to collect statistics of leaf tobacco from anymanufacturer who in the precedingcalendar year manufactured less than50,000 pounds of tobacco, or from anymanufacturer of cigars who rranufacture3 less than 250,000 cigars, or fromany manufacturer of cigarettes whoduring the preceding calendar yearmanufactured less than 1,000,000 cigarettes, of from any dealer of tobaccowho, on the average, had less" than50,000 pounds in stock at the ends ofthe four quarters of the preceding calendar year. All manufacturers whohave manufactured more than theabove shall make written reports ofthe amount held by them.The Director shall specify the typesof tobacco to be included in the reports. All persons or corporations underin tenunderfine orFalae re-mprison-ment for six months. The first reportwill come out next October..ST0CK,;CR0P AND FARM NOTESCARLISLE COURT. Ihe Advocate reports the Carlisle court as follows: "Monday was regular countycourt day, and the fact that the market was totally bare of stock, nothingat all was done along this line. Therewas a larger crowd in town than wasanticipated, as it was supposed tobacco would be in case and all farmerswould be busy, but those here statedthat it was hardly in case. The continued rain throughout Monday nightwill bring tobacco in case and allhands will be put to work in strippingit out."Resolutions of Respect.Whereas God in His infinite wisdomand mercy has called from his labor onearth to the Eternal refreshments ofthe Celestial Council above our beloved and patriot brother John H. Watkins on the 27th day of November1911.Brother Watkins was initiated amember of Cannel City Council No. 49,Jr., O. TJ. A. M., September 2, 1906and had led the following stations withcredit to himself and brethren and theorder at large, 1. S. W..Con. Chap. V.C. & C. and at his death was a pastCouncillor and a member and one ofthe deacons of the church of Christ ofCannel City, Ky., therefor be it resolved: 1st. In the death of B rcther Watkins the Council has lost a worthy,true and tried patriot whose stationwill be hard to fill the church andcommunity an honest Christian citizenand gentlemen; his wife a loving husband. 2nd. That our Charter be draped inmourning for a period of thirty daysand that each member wear the badgeof mourning for the same period oftime3rd. That a copy of these resolutions be spread on our journals, onesent to the Councilor, the Licking Valley Courier, the Breathitt CountyNews and the Bourbon News for publication, and one to his bereaved family.J. D. HUNTER,Chairman.D. C. LYKINS.OLL1ECASS1DY.No Exception.Nothing, humanly speaking, is perfect, not even the frights which thefashions make some women look.Smfle.There Is no "thank you" genuinewithout the signature of a smile. Columbus (O.) State Journal.Dally Thought,heart with it, andthou wilt Goethe.Fill thyname it astheniriTjdmmaworv oupstanceb."Breech of promise suits," said Uncle Eben, "Is de result of a mandat wears his heart on his sleevemeetin' a gal dat carries hers In herpocketbook."Uncle Eben."Patience," said Uncle Eben, "is dequality dat we each wishes otherfolks had more of so's we wouldn'thave' to use so much."Wisdom of Talleyrand."Opinion," said Talleyrand, "is agood check but a bad guide in government." New Age.A Deserving Case.Customer Is It usual to tipthewaiter here?Watler Yes, sir.Customer Then hand over your tipI've been waiting for you for nearlyan hour. Black and White.Dwarf Had Long Life.A female dwarf of Spanish originnamed Llanreus, who was less than40 inches high, died recently nearParis at the age of 103.Mark of Insincerity.Beware of him who meets you witha friendly mien, and In the midst ofa cordial salutation seeks to avoidyour glance.Homelike.A British baronet Is working as aJanitor In New York. Just could notget away from his autocratic tendencies. Dayton Journal.Coolness in Extremity."Do you think he would be cool intime of danger?" "1 think his feetwould."R. H. Winn Receives Appointment.Gov. Willson Monday night announced the appointment of Judge RobertH. Winn, of Mt. Sterling.as AppellateJudge to fill the vacancy caused by theresignation ot Judge Edward O'Rear.Mr. Winn has been a successful lawyer in Mt. Sterling for a number ofyears, though he is still a young man.He is a son of the late William H.Winn, who was County Judge of Montgomery county for many years. Mr.Winn has been Chairman of the Republican State Executive Committee forseveral years, and conducted the partywith great satisfaction, thus makinghim popular with nearly all the leaders of his party.The appoinment of Mr. Winn wasreceived in this city, where he is wellknown, with genuine pleasure. Mr.Winn was married to MissLizzie Manning Turney, daughter of Mr.andJMrs.Jesse Turney. tGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALMES.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.eS)3s3ige33ssia)g)The Best is noneand make the Women happy.Dodson .& DentonPARIS, KY.1if&cSX3es2ss&cgSJ&East Term. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour-bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, ' North JMiddletown, Little1 Rock anj;lRuddles Mills. , :"When you have East Tennessee service you ' SL,HAVE telephone service.' 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WrLL.TAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wrn. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jl1( E T 334Residence j Hom'e 334.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpStairsJOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELLEK,Practicing Physician,OfficesJRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and coldbaths.Everything neatjsand clean. ' Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. Nolong waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Bloodin E. A. Cross, 516 Glasgowf aa Street. Portsmouth, va.n? Says: "My WifeKneumatism Has used Bloodine for' Rheumatism with the mostgratifying: results, after many other remedies'have failed to do her any good, she finds it givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good."W. T. Brooks, Agent.Oldest Celestial Map.The oldest map of the heavens, containing 1,460 stars, was made In ChinaIn 600 B. C. and is in the Nationallibrary at Pari,a)too good for you.Fruit and Shade Trees.Shrubi, Asparagus, Rhabarb.Pecniea,Roses. Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. b HILLENMEYER & SONS,3 oct 2ra Lexnigton, K.yFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms on East;Main street.MRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.5 IStes? (IteigawFr.QtfaWEBSTER'S IINTERNATIONALDICTIONARYTHE MERR1AM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in a.single book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page,400,000 "Words. 2700 Page.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this mostremarkable single volume.Write for samplepages, 11111 paxwucuars, etc.Name thispaper andtre willsend freea set ofPocketMape&ClfrriaC.Sprisgfield, Mam.M&IKBKgg iMHl2K V5fcfeEtt5i&3wtBE3??jiME.v ( mAAia iVc.lJmmmmmmmimamam&-.--vr- .'1.-!fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYi DEC. 12 I911?caijfOFFICIALS TOGET SiCNATURESEurley Society To Begin Cam, paign for New Ten-YeariPooling Contract.GREAT INTEREST TAKENPresent Agreement Offers New Advantages, and by First of March ItIs Expected Every Grower in Central, Kentucky Will Have Signed.The campaign for signatures to thenew ten-year pooling contract of theBurley Tohacco Society will begin nextweek, and it is believed by the officials of the society that by March 1,the time set for the closing of the pool,lhat nearly every burley tobaccogrower in Central Kentucky will havesigned.Copies of the new contracts, embodying, as they do, all the advantagesof easy handling and prompt paymentfor tobacco delivered, and at the sametime insuring to the proposed new Burley Tobacco Company an adequatesupply for the next ten years for theproposed mammoth factory at Lexington, will be distributed by chairmenof the county boards in each countyin the Burley district.Interest has awakened surprisinglysince the district hoard adopted inLexington last Tuesday the amendments of the executive committee,which were based upon suggestions ofgrowers who did not believe the firstpooling plan contracts were complete.Under the new contracts, which preserve, in the main, all the advantagesof the original, but which add a number of decided advantages in the interest of both landlord and tenant, thegrower may select his own market,and when he delivers bJs tobacco willget his money at once iss"0'"'"The new contracts, which must besigned between now and March 1, whenthe pool closes, are as follows:New Landlord Ten-Year Pooling Contract. Book No.DateAcres Land Pledged.LandlordP. OCountyState.1911Pledge No.Situated in Precinct....CountyStateP. 0RemarksSolicitorLandlord Ten-Year Pooling Contract.1911-1920 Crops., Book No." Pledge No.CountyKy. 1911This contract made this day witnesseth: That in consideration of the benefits to be derived herefrom by theparties hereto and that this contractis made by the undersigned and accepted by the hereinafter named Burley Tobacco Society as a mutual contract with other contracts of like import, taken and to be taken and en-te-edinto by and with many othergrowers of tobacco, which are ofmutual benefit to all, the undersignedgrower of tobacco owning and expecting to own Burley tobacco of the 1911to 1920 crops inclusive grown and rohe grown on his farm, containinsacres (the usual croijgrown on this land isacres), bounded on the North bvon the" East byon the South byand on the West byin County,Kentuckv, hereby constitutes and appoints the Burley Tobacco Society, acorporation under the laws of Kentucky, as sole agent for the purposeof receiving and selling one-half of allthe said tobacco and for such purposehereby transfers and assigns to and invests in said agent the title and rightof possession to said tobacco andagrees to deliver the same on demandat such point in said county, or inthe county where the tobacco is stored,as said society may designate.The undersigned, however, reservesthe right any time prior to Mar.ch 1,of the second year following the yearin which the tobacco is grown, toselect the market on which he prefershis tobacco to be sold and the housein which it is to be sold, unless theBurley Tobacco Company has a houseon the peecd market, in which eventIt is to be sold at the company's warehouses, and it Is further understoodJ.nd agreed that after the stock subscribed for herein is paid for to theBurley Tobacco Company and allcharges for the selling of the tobacco,the remainder of the proceeds Is to bepaid to the undersigned then andthere.The tobacco pooled above is one-halfof all the tobacco grown on the landabove described, as well as on all landowned by the undersigned in the Stateof Kentucky with the exception ofpartnership or joint ownership land.The undersigned further subscribesfo- shares of the capital stock to anamount equal, tonot less than twentyper cent ncr more than fifty per centof the gross sales of the tobacco hereby pledged in the Burley TobaccoCompany, incorporated, or some othercompany ro fe incorporated, to be leftto the decision of the District Boardof the Burley Tobacco Society priorto October 1, 1912; the stock subscribed by him being percent of the gross sales of his tobacco,and in case of the failure of the undersigned to indicate at the time ofthe signing of this pledge the amountof stock subscribed for by him, hissignature to this contract shall be construed as a subscription to said stockto an amount equal to twenty per centof the gross sales of his tobacco. Whentobacco is sold the undersigned authorizes the Burley Tobacco Societyto pay for said stock out of the proceeds of said tobacco. The shares ofsaid stock to be issued to the undersigned, but no fractional shares shallhe issued.The undersigned by reason of thiscontract becomes and is entitled to allthe privileges of a member of the saidBurley Tobacco Society.Upon his failure to fully comply withthe terms and conditions of this contract, the undersigned hereby agreesto pay to said society as liquidateddamages twenty per cent of the valueof said tobacco for the benefit of themembers of said society; but this shallnot be construed as a waiver of theright of said agent to enforce this contract or to enjoin its breach in equity.The Board of Directors of the Burley Tobacco Society shall dissolve thepool in any year provided two-thirdsin interest of those who were members in the preceding year and are stillmembers In the year in which the voteis taken vote accordingly, the proportionate Interest of each voter to be determined by the quantity of tobaccowhich he may have grown and delivered to the pool in the preceding year.The Board of Directors may in anyyear order and provide for such election to be held at the time of the annual precinct election and shall do soupon the written demand of onefourth of the members of the society,said demand to be made by writtennotice to the society thirty days before the annual precinct election.Should th. undersigned make a bonafide sale of any farm or farms pooledunder this pledge or should the titlethereto pass from him by descent ordevise, then and in that event thiscontract shall be cancelled on the firstday of January following the sale, orchange of ownership by descent or devise, as to any tobaccogrown on sucharnLrJajnisaftersuchdate but thepurchaser, heir" or 3evisee of suchfarm or farms shall have the optionto become a party tothis contract "andto comply with and carry out its termsand conditions, the exercise of whichoption shall be indicated by him on orbefore such date, to-wlt: January 1, byendorsing his signature on this pledge;but before a purchaser can exercisesuch option the vendor must indicatehis assent thereto by his signatureendorsed on this contract.If he does not consent to the exerciseof such option by the purchaser, thevendor shall have the right to substitute in the pool in lieu of the landsold by him an approximately equalnumber of acres of land; but his desire to make such substitution must beIndicated on or before January 1 following the sale of his pooled land bya written endorsement signed by himon the back of this pledge, which endorsement shall describe the land substituted. It is further understood and agreedthat the pool will be closed, so far aslandlords are concerned, on or beforeMarch 1, 1912, in the discretion of theDistrict Board, and that thereafter nonew members can be admitted; butthe District Board of the Burley Tobacco Society at their regular annualmeeting in October of each year bytwo-thirds vote, may open the booksof the Society for the admission ofnew members at such time and uponsuch terms and conditions as the Boardmay prescribe. The time for closingthe books for the admission of newmembers shall be left to the discretion of the Board.It is distinctly agreed that the earnings, income and surplus made by theBurley Tobacco Company upon the'1909 crop shall belong to the members of the 1909 pool and that theBoard of Directors of the Burley Tobacco Society may invest the samefor their benefit in the discretion ofsaid Board. On the 1st of October ineach year the Board of Directors ofthe Burley Tobacco Company shallSEJ?8 nFht and authrity in theirdiscretion to pro rate the estimatedearnings and surplus of the companyamong the various stockholders of reoSnl5 fhe b?k.s 0f the cmpany atsuch date and either to pay same tothe stockholders in cash or to issuestock to them for their proportionatepart of same.The undersigned further agrees toleave his stock in the Burley TobaccoCompany and to vote same so as tocontinue that company; but authorizesthe Board of Directors of the BurleyTobacco Society to invest same in thestock of such other company as theymay m their, discretion organize.The undersigned further agrees thatthe Board of Directors of the BurleyTobacco Society may handle and manage said Burley Tobacco Companyand any other company in which theproceeds of his tobacco or his stockis invested, as provided by this contract, as m their judgment is best.As stated before, th nnni ? nin,jon or before March 1, 1912; that is Iso far as landlords are concerned It!is farther understood and agreed that Iany tenant or tenants growing tobacco on the pooled farm shall have theright to pool any crop or crors in anyyear prior to a division thereof, if he1or they may so desire, and It is left)optional with said tenant as to whcth-'er or not he will take stock in such!company; but he can do so if he de-'sires to an extent not to exceed fifty'per cent of the tobacco he pools: butjIn the event the undersigned has a 'crop or crops of tobacco upon pooled Jland, in whicfche has no tenant, he is,to the extenfjQlthe remaining fifty nercent of the crop not hereinbefore pro-xucu iui, io nave rre privilege of al9nan jn pooling same,JThe Solicitor- ha.? jiq authority to'change in any way -the terms of thiscontract?P. O T..rP. OWitness.Landlord.Landlord.By Solicitor.NEW TENANT POOLING CONTRACT. Book No.DateAcres PledgedTenant . . . . TP. O .'.'.-.County ; .-StatePledge No.Grown in PrecinctCounty "StateP. O ....RemarksSolicitorTENANT POOLING CONTRACT.Book No. ..19 Crop. Pledge No...County,Ky ,19..This contract made this day witnesseth: That in consideration of the benefits to be derived herefrom by theparties hereto and that this contractis made by the undersigned and accepted by the hereinafter named Burley Tobacco Society as a mutual contract with other contracts of like import, taken and to be- taken and entered into by and with many othergrowers of tobacco, which are of mutual benefit to all, the undersignedgrower of tobacco owninginterest in acres ofBurley tobacco of the 19. . crop, grownon farm inCounty, Kentucky, adjoining lands of herebyconstitutes and appoints the BurleyTobacco Society, a corporation underthe laws of Kentucky, as sole agentfor the purpose of receiving and selling all of the said tobacco and forsuch purpose hereby transfers and assigns to and invests in said agent thetitle and right of possession to said tobacco, and agrees to deliver the sameon demand at such point In said county or in the county where the tobacco is stored as said Society may designate. - ..-The" undersigned, however, reservesthe right any time prior to March 1,of the second year following the yearin which the tobacco is grown, to select the market on which he prefershis tobacco to be sold, and the housein -which it is to be sold, unless theBurley Tobacco Company has a houseon the selected market, in which eventit Is to be sold at the company's warehouses, and it Is further understoodand agreed that after the stock subscribed for herein, If any is subscribedfor, is paid for to the Burley TobaccoCompany, and all charges for the selling of the tobacco, the remainder ofthe proceeds is to be paid to the undersigned then and there.The undersigned, by reason of thiscontract, becomes and is entitled toall the privileges of a member of saidBurley Tobacco Society.Upon hl3 failure to fully complywith the terms and conditions of thiscontract, the undersigned herebyagrees to pay to said Society as liquidated damages twenty per cent of thevalue of said tobacco for the benefitof the members of said Society, butthis shall not be construed as a waiver of the right of said agent to enforcethis contract or to enjoin Its breachin equity.The Board of Directors of the Burley Tobacco Society shall dissolve thepool in any year, provided two-thirdsin interest of 'those who were members in the preceding year and arestill members in the year in which thevote is taken vote accordingly, theproportionate interest of each voterto be determined by the quantity oftobacco which he may have grown anddelivered to the pool in the precedingyear. The Board of Directors may inany year order and provide for suchelection to be held at the time of theannual precinct election, and shall doso upon the written demand of onefourth of the members of the Society,said demand to be made by writtennotice to the Society thirty davs before the annual precinct election.The solicitor has no authority tochange in any way the terms of thiscontract.P. Op. o..-. .''WitnessTenantTenantSolicitorThe undersigned further subscribesfor shares of the capital stock to anamount equal to percent, but not to exceed fifty per centof the gross sales of the tobacco hereby pledged, in the Burley TobaccoCompany, incorporated, or some othercompany, to be incorporated, to beleft to the decision of the DistrictBoard of the Burley Tobacco Societyprior to October 1, 1912. When the tobacco is sold, the undersigned authorizes the Burley Tobacco Society topay for said stock out of the proceedsof said tobacco. The shares of saidetock shall be issued to the undersigned, but no fractional shares shallbe issued.It is distinctly agreed that the earnings, income and surplus made by theBurley Tobacco Company upon the1909 crop shall belong to the membersof the 1909 pool, and that the Boardof Directors of the Burley TobaccoSociety may invest the same for theirbenefit in the discretion of said Board.On the 1st of October in each yearthe Board of Directors of the BurleyTobacco Company 'shall have the rightand authority in their discretion topro rate the estimated earnings andsurplus of the company among the various stockholders of record on thebooks of said company atsuch date,and either to jpay same to. the. stock-&XWine Specials!V-s2s1MKiiSSiisMholders in cash or to issue stock tothem for their proportinate part ofsame.The undersigned further agrees toleave his stock in the Burley TobaccoCompany and to vote same so as tocontinue that company; but authorizesthe Board of Directors of the BurleyTobacco Society to invest same in thestock of such other company as theymay in their discretion organize.The undersigned further agreesthat the Board of Directors of the Burley Tobacco Society may handle andmanage said Burley Tobacco Companyor any other company in which theproceeds of his tobacco or stock is invested, as provided by this contract,a3 in their judgment is best.The solicitor has no authority tochange in any way the terms of thiscontract.P. OP. OWitnessTenantTenantSolicitor.Keeping the Balance Even.Nine times out of ten the womanwho is worth her weight In gold marries a man who isn't worth his weightin scrap Iron.l Are You a Woman fG! The Woman's&.mwmvvwmvwMWamnetr .J ""'Wine in Bulk, 7 - year$2.00 per gallon.Sherry, Port, White Toka and50 cents per bottle.Bottlediby Italian Swiss ColonyLi- SsLlosliixi,Cor. 7th and Main,PARIS, KENTUCKYA Charming Womanis one who is lovely in face, form,mind and temper. But its hard for awomon to be charming without health.A weak, sickly woman will be nervous and irritable. Constipation andkidney poisons show in pimples,blotches, skin eruptions and a wretched complexion. But Electric Bittersalways prove a a godsend to womenwho wanthealth, beauty and friends.They regulate stomachHver and kidneys, purify the blood, give strongnerves, bright , eyes, pure breath,smooth, velvety skin, lovely complexion and perfect health. Trythv.ni.50c at Oberdorfer's.sMONEYk tm.nssuWe tell ven cow. and pay be;t marketorices. VTe are dealers: establishedill 1XW; aud can do BETTER, for youthan agents or commission merchants. Refcescesany binkir Ioiiisvillc. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-2S-31 & 33 E. 2rtei St., LOUISVILLE, KY.P1ptmDealers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.lsssggjiTAKEARDUI-iI- old,Claret,Co.$Catarrh Cannot be Cured.with local applications as they cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a blood or constitutional dis-I ease, and in order to cure it you mustH".;iVa inrprnnl rPrnprHoa TTallo fatarrh Cure is taken internally and actsdirectly on the blood and mucous sur-! surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Cure is not-a quack medicine. It was prescribedby one of the leading physicians irthis country for years and is a regular prescription. It is composed of thebest tonics known, combined withthe best blood purifiers, acting directly on the mucous surfaces. The perfect combination of the two ingredients is what produces such wonderful results in curing catarrh. Send'tor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, OSold by Druggists, price 75c. -TakeHall's Family Pills for Constipation. Dangerous Experiment.A Brooklyn woman wants thcourts to grant her a two years separation from her husband, so taat hemay try to win her back. Si is taking a dangerous chance. A man whotrakes it necessary for his wlf totake such a step would he just aean--rroughnot to try to win her back.81 onic ijci Vrlii'nnMr-rit7Hv::lriHrhH?i?VIIM-'jflfisrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 12 1911.tiv ( ..-T.Tje. r j x j-m. 1 - .s ,v ..-n --, -w A. - .& -- -?r-74CJI) I x1 Lli)ti vtftTill JEWELIYIte !U IDin "i iini itnilillj i!in all its rlory can be found at the "HOUSE OF QUALITY," where a bewilderingarray of high class goods await your inspection. We offer below a few suggestions:LADIESiS7.00.Engraved Solid GoldLocket, reverse side plainformonogram.Larsreassortment to select from.WATCHESin the wee small sizes.Only those that keepcorrect time. Openface and hunting goldfilled cases,$10 and up.Gentlemen's Thin ModelWATCHES7-jewel Elgin and Waltham movement's in 20vear gold filled cases,$10.00.SOLE AGENTS W. W. W. RINGS.Hundreds of Patterns.UMBRELLASFOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. Sterling Silvermounted.$4.50 fo $(8 JO.rr-xSVxv v6K--.--vii;DIAMONDS !OUR REPUTATIOONMONDS is, a by-word.$$.00 to $400.FOR GOOD DIAPrices range fromIIISterling Silver Novelties.Silver Pencils 50c to 7?cSilver Powder Pencils $150 to $250Silver Vanities 150 to 350Silver Manicures 50 and upSilver Comb, Brush and Mirror Sets 15.00 and upLeather Novelties.Foot Gloves $2.25Gents's Cigar Cases. .. $3.00 and upLadies' & Gents' Card Cases 150 and upThin Model Brush Sets . 150 and upTraveling Sets 5.00 and upIBuy eariy and avoid the rush. We engrave all goods sold free of charge.JEWELERS, IEAST TENNESSEE PHONE 288. HOME PHONE 130. gti aPublic AuctionOf a53,000 Stock of MerchandiseBeginning on Saturday, Dec. 16, 1911,at 8 o'clock, p. m., in the Old Baptist Church building, on Main Street, wewill sell at public outcry, a stock of merchand's 5, consisting ofDry Goods, Shoes, Clothing, Hats, Caps, Rubber Goods,Harness, Hardware, Queensware, Groceries,and everything usually found in a general merchandise store. These goodsare all new and fresh. Don't forget the date. Come and secure seme greatbargains. HARRIS & SPEAKES.Geo. D. Speaker Auctmvwu-t - I RELIGIOUS.T U I; T A i& SI IIC TA1K!?.'Never in the history of oarbusiness career have we had,such a ni'ch Holiday trade.We have the goods and theprices. Seeing is believing.We would be pleased to haveyou call and' inspect ourdifferent lines.Everybody welcome.Rev. J. M. Maxon will he in hispulpit at the Episcopal church Sundaymorning at 10:45 and afternoon at 4o'clock.Rev. A. J. Vining, D. D., of Montreal. Canada, will preach at the ParisBaptist church Frfday evenirg at 7:30"'clock on the subject "Russia and Relizious oppression." The public is invited to hearDr. Vining.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will preachat the Baptist church Sunday morningfrom the subject "A Crying Need."Sunday night the congregation willworship with that of the Christianchurch.Everybody With a Halo. -ALondon doctor declares that esry human being has a halo...THE MR.Doth Protest Too .Much."De man dat talks about hisse'f an'how honest he Is," said Uncle Eben,"alius sounds like he was runnlnkind o short o references."Value of Words.Words are wise men's countersthey do not reckon by them; but theyar the money of fools. ThomasHobbes.DEATH.Dr. H. C. Hart, one of Winchester's oldest physicians, died at hishome in that city Monday night of theinrfimities of old age. He was in" hiseightieth year. Dr. Hart was anephew of Joel T. Hart, the famoussculptor, who was born and reared inthis county.The Best Rubbers.Genuine Ballband rubbers at15 5t FELD'3 SHOE STORE.Oranges By the Box.Buy them early and get them right.C. P. COOK.BIRTHS.Born, yesterday morning to thewife of Iho. Brattont a son; weight 10pounds. (Fancy Fruits.We have 500 pounds of malga grapes,o boxes of oranges and grape fruit,nuts, figs,. raisins to correspond. Ailfancy.C P. COOK.Buy a Can for Him.a Christmas giftNothing nicer forthan a fur caD.tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.MATRIMONIAL.Mr. William Fry, son of JamesNewton Fry, and Miss Bertha ClayBuchanan, both of Kiserton, wereunited in marriage at the Christianchurch parsonage in this city at '6o'clock Tuesday afternoon.Elder CareyE. Morgan officiating. They left immediately after the ceremony for Cincinnati and other points, and upontheir return will reside at Kiserton.At the home of the officiatingminister. Elder Carey E. Morgan Wednesday afternoon at 5 o'clock, Mr.Alva Ballenger and Miss CallieThomas, both of this county were united in marriage.n Miss Mary Rrown, daughter ofMrs. James L. Brown, who resides onEast Tenth street, accompanied by hermother, left Monday forCinrinnaK andfrom there went to Memnhis. Tpnnwhere Miss Brown was united in1 marriage Tuesday morning at 10:300 clock to Mr. Louis Michelson, ofBrunswick, Tenn. They were met atMemphis by Miss May Hutchison, acousin, and Mr. Michelson. The couplewill remain in MemDhis until nhnnttrie first of January, when they will go10 crunswicK to make their futurehome.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavgo to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. . 13 tfDon't Throw Money Away.Don't throw your money away ontrash-for Christmas presents. Go top. T. Hinton's and get somethingJleasing, useful and ornamental.Toledo Will Not Train HereA clearer demonstration of the utterneed of a first class hotel tin this citywas never made than when on TuesdayPresident George B. Wild, of theToledo, () , base ball club, which wasscheduled to train here next spring,reached the decision that Paris wouldnot do, owing to his inability to securehotel accommodations for the membersof the club. .President Wild for several monthspast has been in communication withPresident Bacon, of this city, and itwas announced last week from headquarters in Toledo that Paris had beenselected as the proper place for thetraining of the Hens. President Wildcame to Paris Tuesday to look overthe field and make all necessary arrangements before the club would bestarted this way.However, as is usually the case insuch instances, hotel accommodationswere the only drawback. PresidentWild liked tha town and was muchpleased with the appearance of WhitePark, even in the middle of the winter, but the necessary quarters for theclub could not be secured.It was the intention cf PresidentWild to bring here next spring twentylive men to go into training but he wascompelled to look elsewhere and wentover to Lexington w here he securedquarters and his club will ro to thatcity March 15 to enter tr-o.it ing.Good, Sound Irish Potatoes.Those wanting a winter supply ofpotatoes should leave their orders atonce. Two carloads will arrive in afew days. These are good, sound potatoes, and will keep. Both phones.SAUER'S GROCERY,Opp. Court House.Handsome Home Gor Sale.An opportunity to secure a handsome, modern and convenient hone,built of the very best material wll beoffered the public when the Wallsproperty in White Addition will besold at public outcry on December 19,1911, at 10 o'clock a. m.For Christmas.Beautiful line of dolli, tree ornaments and everything to make the little one happy.15 2t MISS JESSIE BROWN.State Banks Must Make Statements. Secretary of State Ben L. Brunerissued Tuesday a call on the Statebanks for a report to their conditionas of December 5 and the reports arerequired to be in his hands by December 19. This is the last call that willhe issued by Dr. Bruner. The reportswill have to be published in the countypapers where the banks are located.Swell Line.We have just received the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts.x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.Holiday Footwear Sale.Men's and women's house slippersat great bargains,x DAN COHEN'S SHOE STORE.Christmas Goodies.Mixed candies, nuts, fruits, fancygroceries, box candies, dressed fowlsand everything good for Christmas.x BRAMBLETTE & TARR.The Best.onJ. T. Hinton saves you moneykitchen cabinets. He has the best.Why pay more.THEATRICAL.FIELD HERE IOMORROW NIGHT.Of Al. G. Field's Minstrel, which isthe attraction at the Grand tomorrownight, t he Terre Haute, Ind., Starsays :"From the rise of the curtain on thesouthern cotton picking scene to theinspiring picture of Commodore Perry'svictory on Lase Ji.ne, ine prouucnonof Al. G. Fipld's minstrels was received with round after round of applause.Even during the short intermissiontheie was a continual chuckling, laughing and rubbing of sides while thepleased plagoers sought to regaincomposure from the effects of the baseball game between tne DarktownBlues and the Tar Babies."From a scenic standpoint andability to maintain interest it is thebest offerincr Mr. Field has broucht tnTerre Haute in his long run of Thanksgiving visits. Pleasant memories offormer years brought cut capacityauidences for both performances. Mr.Field was delighted at the receptiongiven his organization. Every merr--berof the company appeared in holid. ymood and determined to do his best."There always is something new inthe Field show. Then another thirg isthat the strength is not exhausted bymusic and popular ballads in the firstscene. The olio apparently becomesbetter and the comedy livelier untilthe final rcBne. One of the new offerings the show is proud of this seasonis Bert Swor, fun maker extraordinary. Swor is a Texas product, buthis humor goes everywhere. As pitcher for the Darktown Blues he is ascream, and when he takes commandof the cooks' army on the Mexicanfrontier it is so much faster that iteven sets off the powder magazine."Then there is John Healy, uith thebeat uf his old line and a lot of newstuff. Healy made friends with TerreHaute some several years ago and hasnot lost bis grip. He still cuts the badjokes from the the big book and hisevery little movement, also standingstill, means laughter."Doc Quigley and Governor Bowenstill carry the heavy part in the dancing novelties, and they have aCircuit Court.Circuit court convened Wednesdaymorning following the adjournment ofTuesday to allow the attorneys andcour officials to attend the inauguration. The case of Virgil Barton againstJosh Barton's administrator, the testimony of which was completed Monday afternoon, was again called andthe jury returned a verdict of $U500in favor of the plaintiff. The amountsued for was $2,300.In the case of the Commonwealthagainst Dan Elite, under indictmentfor malicious striking and wounding,the jury after deliberating for severalhours could not reach an agreement.Walter Johnson, a negro under indictment for malicious shooting andwounding with intent to.kill was triedyesterday. The case consumed nearlyall of fhe dsy and resulted in the juryreturning a verdict of guilty. Hewill be given an interdemediate sentence of from one to five years.The case of the Commonwealthagainst William McCoy, a negro, wascalled yesterday afternoon and thejury was secured after some littledifficulty. The trial of the case wasentered into and two witnesses wereexamined before court adjourned. Thetaking cf the testimony will be resumed this morning. McCoy is under indictment for the murder of FrazierWhlp, a nergo, at the fair groundsduiing the colored fair.Yesterday afternoon Judge Stout setaside the order of assignment fnr thecivil cases to come up at this term andsix were continued until the Marchterm. The action of Judge Stout isdue to the fact that the Commonwealthcase, indictments which were foundat this term, and in the cases wherethe defendants were confined in thecounty jail demanding immediate trial.Entertainment a Grand Success.A large audience was present at theGrand Oprea House Wednesday evening to witness Mrs. Reed'a Delsarteentertainment and the event proved tobe one of a most delightful character.The tableaux, drill, recitations andvocal selections were highly entertaining. The entertainment opened with theGrecian Drill participated in bytwenty-four young ladies and the manner in which they executed the mostintricate parts, reflected great creditupon their preceptress.The recitations of Miss NannetteWallingfora and Miss Mary Haydenadded greatly to the evening's entertainment, while the solos of MissBirdie Wollstein and the selection bythe quartette composed of Prof. A. H.Morehead, Prof. Stackhouse andMessrs. Wallace Clark and PrenticeLancaster are to be highly complimented. - A feature which afforded muchamusement was the working songparticipated in by about forty boysand girls. Each member did theirparts well and the costuming added toa great extent to the success of thispart of the program.The entertainment came to a closewith a drill by the young gentlemenueueceu in iemmine apparel wnich occasionej much mirth and kept theaudience continually guessing as to theidentity of the participants. On thewhole the entertainment was one ofthe best of the kind ever given in thecity.ROCKING CHAIRS.Very low prices on allRockers during the holidays.They make handsome Christmas gifts.x E. M. WHEELER.Plain Figures.A. F. Wheeler & Co. have marked inplain figruea. jAccepts Call to Ludlow.Rev. E. H. Spears, formerly of this,city, pastor of the Hartodsburg andDanviils Fniscooal churches, who 11fsw weeks ago resigned the pastorateot these ccngrgatiuns, has acceptedan appointment by Bishop Lewis W, 1Burton, cf Lexington, as paster of thecpiescpalian Mission church at Lud-lovv. The change became effective atonce but nu successor to Rev. Spearsto fillt he vacai.cy m the Harrcdsburgand Danviile churches will be appoint 'cd till spring.Toy Annex.Don't fail to visit the Toy Annexupstairs at the National 5 & 10 centStore. Everything in dolls, and highgrade toj s, games and everything for IChiistma3. ) tf,Gifts for Men. .Combination set ofhandkerchiefs toF and bese 10 match SI to S2.tf iMUCHFLL & BLAKEMORE.Council Meeting.The City Council met last night inregular session withiall the memberso resent. The following business wastransacted: A. J. Winters was granted a permitto erect a $500 cottage en Williamsstreet; R. B. Hutchcraft. $900 cottagein Henry Addition ; Mr. Chisholm, cottage in White Addition.John Letton was granted a permit toconduct weinerwurst and hot tamalestand next to Fee's grocery.Mayor Hinton announced his appointment of the standing committees,which are as follows:Finance Committee W. O. Hinton,Chairman; D. C. Parrisb. W T.BroGks.Light Committee Wm. Kenney,Chairman; Harry Baldwin. George DSpeakes. Building Committee Frank P.Walker, Chairman ; Geo. D. Speakes, Harry Baldwin.Sanitary Committee W. T. Brooks,,Chairman ; Wm. Kenney, b P. Walker. Police Committee Harry Baldwin,Chairman ; George D. Speakes, Y. T.Brooks.Grievance Committee George D.Speakes, Chairman; Wm. Kenney, F.P. Walker.Fire Committee D. C. Parrish,Chairman ; W. T. Brooks, W. O. Hinton. Improvement Committee Mayor J.T. Hinton, Chairman; D. C. Parrish,W. O. Hinton.2 Police Judge E. B. January submit-ted his report for the month of November, which is as fllows: Amount offines assessed, $198 ; amount replevined, $12.50; cash collected, $197.25 :suspended, $10.50; worked out, $56.50.Xmas Goodies.New stock of raisins, currants, figs,dates, citson, cake spices of all kindsand everything good for Christmas.x T. LENIHAN.Christmas Goodies'Fresh stock of all kinds of fruits,nuts, raisins, dates, figs, etc., for theholiday trade. Let us fill your order.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.Toy Annex.Don't fail to visit the Toy Annex upstairs at the National Five and TenCent Store. Everything in dolls andhigh grade toys, games and everything for Christmas. tf-For Christmas.Everything in candies, fruits, nuts,fireworks, and many useful presentsfor Chrisimas. Both phones 495.BURNETT BROS.,x- Winchester street-Triumph of the Young.Modern life Is arranged entirely touit the tastes and needs of the youngr generation. The Graphic.Lacking Incentive.How many languish In obscurity,who would become great If emula-.tlon and encouragement Incited them.to exertion.Loud and Soft Pedal.Remember to do your grumbling ina whisper. Save your megaphone forrpralses It was invented to advertisegood things, anyhow.Summer Sincerity.She 'Then you never told any othergirl that you loved her?" He "No,indeed; the others have got It In writing!" Puck.That Explains."Everybody at this performanceseems to be a deadhead." "Well, yousee, this is what pen artists call thapassing show."Not Evenly Distributed.One fool in a family ought to boenough, but it seldom happens thatway.Best Sewage Filter.Experiments with fish and chemicalanalysis show that the best materialfor filtering sewage is natural turf.Both Phones.Local and long distance. Open nightstill 12. Mann's Billiard Hall. tf eotA G. Washington Hat."It is said that a woman's hatwhich turns up in front forces her toadmit every year of her age." "Thena woman is liable to be turned downon account of a turnup hat"Paris GrandNewspaper Man Elected TrusteeAt a meeting'of the" trustees of Ken-fucy State University held in Lexing-Saturday,December- ss16ton Wednesday Robert W.Brown, man- Tlia ShrtW Vaii Vn aw f?aging editor of the Louisville Times, ' iUC OlIUYV I Ull AHOW IAl. Q. Fieldline. Quigley dons a bird cage andgoes behind the bat in the ball game,while Bowen helps Healy umpire.Quigley also leads the dancers in areally artistic number in "The Quiltmg f arty,was elected to the board to fill out thetern cf Judge Henry S. Barker, whoreigned to accept the presidency ofthe institution, and the retiring Attorney General James Breathitt, waselected to succeed the late John B. ANkinscn and to serve until January 1,"1916. Mr. Brown's term will expireJanuary 1 next, but it is expected bythe trustees that Governor McCrearywill reappoint him.Christmas Headquarters.Make our store your shopping headquarters for Christmas, everythingfor the little folk and grown up peoplein stock. Everything new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupstairs. High grade goods at lownrices. rclever) NAT'L. FIVE & TEN CENT STOREGreater Minstrels.26th Successful Year 26tbDon't Forget Date.AH the Old Favorites, ManyNew OnesBert Swor. Johnny Healy, Doc Quigley, Gov Bowen, Nick Glynn, Al. G..Field, Jack Allman, Herbert Willison, Jack Richards, Walter Sherwood, Alton Robertson, Boni Mack.fun.1The Walls residence in White Addi-ttnri t ill Ka rj-t13 i.M...Mi. r... 1 j 1 - i " "in 4ic ouiu auction on uecem-which also affords lets -of ber 19.1911 at 10 o'clock a. ra. Dot' ; forget the date.65 in the great company.The greatest entertainment of thekind ever offered.TRICES Lower Floor $1 : Balconr75c; Gallery 50c.Reserved Seats at Mitchell fcBlakcrnore'Sv l$o free; list. -tZjgbjmmriK1THE BOURBON NEWS, 'PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 15, 1911nnhe Home Outfitter-Buy Something Useful and -Ornamental.Contrary to UsualChristmas CustomOur Prices are Lower for Christman than Any Other Time.You can afford to get something Handsome, Useful, Durable and Ornamental for your Christmasf Presents if youBuy Them Herelocking Bandog TimeIs Right on You. Now is the Time ofall Times to select yourChristmas Presents.Seethe good things we are offering. Something for EVERYmember of the family and not a trashy piece in thewhole stock.(f WmPR3Jmd-Fwt lift?There is Absolutely no Present fora Man that Equals a(II ffW.e show the Streit, the Royal Piush Button andTfie Slumber. Now this is the kind of present that lasts for years and is a constant reminder of the giver. Prices range from $8.5D to $35Then there are the Chif f orobes for the men. When a man has a Chifforobehe has aplace to keep everything together. He don't have to scatter his belongings allover the house. Also see our Shaving Stands, Smoking Sets and Desks'and OfficeFurniture.No Matter What the Size of YourPurse we have the Very Kind ofDINING ROOM FURNITUREYou want. Do you know of any thing that makes more desirable and suitable Christmas present than nice Dining RoomFurniture? We have all kinds.01MJKL.A Few Presents WorthMENTIONINGDressing Tables, Brass Costumers, Dressers,Folding Beds, Ladies' Desks, Brass Jardiniers,Music Cabinets, Rocking Chairs, Mirrors,Umbrella Holders, Pictures, Lamps,Piano Benches, Comforts, Blankets,Work Tables, Work Baskets, rfat Racks,Hall Seats, All at Very Low Prices.We Are Especially Strong onLADIES' DESKSTo see one is to want to give one to somebody forChristmas Present These vary inPrice Prom $4.50 to $40.One of the Greatest Conveniences and Room Savers ofmodern times is theDesk Table.It is not a freak, but comes in styles just as handsome, tastyand desirable as the regular styles. They are really worksof art. In all finishes Golden Oak, Mahogany, Early Englishiff ' L sC!r w1- i mi II milJt ILfllM-MOne of the chief delizhts of a good houseife is a KITCHFN CABINET. We show a line unexcelled in price and quality. Consider the steps they save. Look into their sanitary qualities.a constant joy to the wife. I guarantee to SAVE) YOU MONEY on any KITCHEN CABINET.Do not forget that DAVENPORTS not only beautify your home, but are a source of CONSTANT COMFORT and that here you find only the BEST MAKES, including THE STREIT, THETHE KINDEL. Prices most reasonable. Reserve yours now. Delivered when desired.No home is complete without PITCURES and there is nothing at all that is more suitable for a present. Our prices are much lower than others and as sortment larger.We have no trarh for the Children, but we have some desirable goods in DOLL CARTS and BEDS, CHAIRS, TOY BOXES, ROCKERS, GO-CARTS, TO SWEEPERS, MORRIS CHAIRS.They pay for themselves and areDAVENO, THE- PULLMAN andJ. T. HiNTON, PARIS, KY., The Home Outfitter.iPSPillllii 1 -Jl lifAmA V-. -a mr-T ,l W&?kfiMi g 'purchase a IiTHSifti)twtriS'l?fmtuo-Jy a V. i-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 15, 1911.i-. --Juiif ,I.VUWe Have Bought Out Entire $10,000 Stock of the Washington Cloak Co., of Indiauapolis, IndL, Consisting of$92 Suits, Coats, Skirts and:Dresses:And Offer Every Garment in the Store at Half-Priee.This Sale will prositively prove to be the most enormous Sale ever held in Bourbon County, the kind the people are looking for.Suits in All-Wool, in all colors, Qtqt Cloaks in all black, Mixtures and all leading shades, t JClined with satin, regular value $10 'WW regular value $10 &WWaists, regular value $1.25 r 97WThis Sale is Not Going to Last but a Short While, so You Had Better Come Early and Get First Pick.iCorner 5th and Main.IncorporatedParis, KentuckyBoth Phones 129mmmHmmmmm !! ! !f SL. oc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT DEO 3, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo. FROMJ'S3l Atlanta, Oa., Daily 5 21 amI& Lexington, Ky., Daily o-18 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Paily Except Sunday k 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 7.3S am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday "7-55 am40 Lexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Deily 9.50 am3 Maj'sville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daity Except Sunday 3.10 pmi) Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily. -...". 3.34 pm38 Knoxville,Tenn.. Daily T-. 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily , . . .5 47 urn- 8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05 pm14 Lexington, Ky.. Daily ... : " 10.45 pm31 Cincinnati, 0., Daily 10:50 pmNo.342940101373733133626253893932S13303113Tra-ixxs DepartTO "Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.2 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday - 8.20 an:Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9. 57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily : 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla. , Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily. 10.27 amMaysville, K.. Daily .". 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .7. 10.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r w.t -5.-U pmCincinnati. O., Daih -. O PRowland, Ky., Daih Except Sunday 7. f. .. . . 5.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Dailv Exorpt Sundav r. V o.'u pmCincinnati, O., Daily rf.l pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ? 6.15 pmLexington, Ky., Daily . T, . . . i GJo pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday " ti.25 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily. , 10.57 pm3B7. tSa .O- !L-&JI.Jg5FrI?AJ&-3L-HlIN EFFEOL' OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains Arrive'.No. FROM "2 . Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda S.13 am4A Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-. . .3 40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sundav 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only . 10. 00 pmTrains IDe;psLrtNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only 7.10 am- 7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky , Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.52 amFOR SALE.You Can Use a Sflpper."U a4-xta am mm hIJ3b,3 IC-.L..-ubu xuui uu.uuicu uu live nun-, gays a philosopher,, "until she knowsred barrels of corn in shock. For'TMurticulars inquire of Earl Ferguson,E. T. Phone, Lexington, or Wm. Keney Jergiwon, E. T. Phsne, Paris. 3thow to spank a baby properly." lathere more than one vay to spankbaby? Toledo Blade.When Wigs Were In Vogue.During the latter part of the reignof Louis XIV of France for a man towear his own hair or a small wig wasalmost an offense against good morals.Hasty Pride.This is how'a little girl reported thetext of the sermon: "Pride goeth before destruction, but a haughty spiritwaits till fall." Judge.INOTICTOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Error Always a Harm.To free a man from error is to give,not to take away. Knowledge that athing is false is a truth. Error alwaysdoes harm; sooner or later It willbring mischief to the man who harbors It. Schopenhauer.Market for Rhodesia Oranges.The oranges of Rhodesia, in SouthAfrica, will have their market in England, according to the London Times,during the summer months, "when thisclass of fruit does not come from other parts of the world."No Kick Coming"Some say there is a sucker bornevery minute." "I don't know anything about that." responded the eminent trust magnate. "I cater to ultimate consumers and the birth rate isvery satisfactory as to them."Do; Don't Talk.Just do a thing and don't talk aboutit This is the great secret of successin all enterprises. Talk means discussion; discussion means irritation; irritation means opposition, and opposition means hindrance always whetheryou are right or wrong. Sarah GrandSpecial Privilege."Isn't it against the law to be loudand boisterous in the street?" "Itis," replied Mr. Chuggins, "unless youdo so with a mechanical screecher attached to a motor car."All Is Vanity."This Is a very fine dog, ma'am, andcheap at the price," said the dealer."I've no doubt of it," she replied; "butI don't care to buy him until I'm sureho matches my new gowns." Judge.Glasses to Be Numbered.The glasses used In Hungariancafes will be numbered In the nearfuture as a means of preventing thespread of disease by the promiscuousinterchange of drinking glasses.wiki6!Cash-Raising Sale Begins 2Tuesday, December 129Great Reductions on Entire Stock.Men's Heavy Suits, worth up to S10, at . . . .'. 5.98Men's Casimere Suits, worth up to $15. at 9.98Men's Assorted colors, values up to $18, at 12io0Ladies' Cloaks worth $10 500Ladies' Cloaks worth $12.50 ,25Ladies' Cloaks worth $15 7.50Suit Cases, worth $1.50 98Boys' Suits, values $1.75 to $2.50 L25Boys' Suits, values $3 to $4.50 2.75Felt Boots and Rubber Arties of all kinds at lowprices. Come early while our stock is complete and getyonr wants at these 1 ri :es.J. ELVOVE,60S Main Street, Paris, Kentucky. JCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years. iHawkin, spitting, foul breath, dis- 'charges of yellow matter permanent- jly cured with pure botanical ing-red- .ients. To prove it we will send you aS AMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bvtaking Botaric Blod Balm (B. B B.)It; is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the sy stem of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifie's the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just-where it is needed, andn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,r Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free niedical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.rBooks and Happiness.Of th9 thing3 that make for happlness. fhe love of books standi first.A book, unlike a friend, will wait notonly upon the hour, but upon themood. Myrtle Reed..W .Mk. Biw M-. I ..1 tf-.w., 1 1, ,, M- '. 'GENTLEMAN'SSHOESign of Wealth"That author must be very prosperous." "What makes you thinkso?" "They say he makes notes onhis shirt cuffs. Only a prosperousman could afford the laundry bills "Bound to Get Even.A 14-year-old French boy, angeredthe other morning at being awakenedtoo early by his mother, revengedhimself by breaking up the furnitureIn his room, afterwards mounting tothe roof of the house and throwingtiles at the people below.Man Has No Choice.The reason a man should marry awoman who is his superior is becausehe will have to if he marries at all.Galveston NewsNot for Her Table.Mrs. Washaway When I am givinga dinner I always have candelabra onthe table. Mrs. Newrlch Gracious! Jnever have anything canned.rV rtfi7nsar7(&v IFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means:and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in allleathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVTWillams,m31 mM4anrzm&m-&C" - Vy'J.-&rfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC-15, 1911.h iwtiim:IfjuIX-mas Values iIN COOD FURNITURE!Always Something Newto Show You..We would be glad to have house- -;keepers drop in on us any day justto look around.Hardly a day passes but we addsomething to our stock.The factories are busy at turning -outnew things, and of course we "get our"share.The other day we receiven a consignment of RUGS, themost attractive, we think, we eversaw, new in design, beautiful infinish, and sturdy and long-lasting.Any home that is in need of one ofthese ought to get supplied now.Prices 10 up, and worth it.How YouSleepDepends quite a bit upon what yousleep on. Ideas aboutmattresses 'have changed in recent years, andmattresses have changed to suit.Now you find some mattresses havenames, which doesn't hurt them aBit, but you can also find loads of -goodmattresses without names.We have both.We have them every size and weightand quality.Every mattress is carefully madealong hygienic lines, and is worthevery cent we ask for it.We invite you.MAN IN MM TO HUM I"'FIGHT WITH BIG BEARHUNTER ESCAPES FROM BRUIN'SEMBRACE, SEIZES RIFLE ANDSLAYS THE ANIMAL.The Forks, Me. The fourth man tobe tackled by a bear in the woodsnear here was Wallace Durgin, whohad his adventure near his father'shouse.Durgin had his rifle close at handand made shorty work of dispatchingthe brute, but this was not the luckof Ernest Gubtil of New VineyardGubtil had been hunting forunoose fortwo weeks. He droped a fine buck,and then placed his rifle against atree and began the work of dressingthe carcass.The hunter, knife in 'hand, was atO. H. CHENATJLT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS, Vice-Pre.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company :(Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBoth ahonea 965LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTAn ad aboutIron BedsteadsThere's a lot to tell you about them,more, we are afraid, than we willhave room for.But let's begin by saying that wehaye a nice large selection toshow you.They are heavily enameled, all sizes...Most of them have attractiveornamentation. xThe best ones cost the most, ofcourse, but you can get a bed goodenough for anybody, full size,at little cost.But you had better first let us showyou just what our line is like. Thenyou can quickly make a selection.rGood FurnitureValuesDepend firstly and mostly on goo'dFurniture., - - .There's more likelihood of yourpaying too little than too much.If you look at the Furniture questionright, you'll decide to spend enough toget all the value that there is going.If you will let us, we can show youjust why our Furniture is worthyour attention and your money.Can let you see for yourself thepoints where it excels.Because it DOES excel there is nodoubt in the worlc about that.9 WrfWlMmkWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past SeasonThe Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us andrlookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sales behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORST. P. Parnard, Louisville, Ky. O. H. Chenanlt, Lexington, Ky.J. O. Sone. Louisville. Kv.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. 0. Bright, Louisville, Ky.R. L. Baker. Lexinerfeon. Kv.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. 0. Roberts, Auctioneer.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bring their tobacco to himand to come to the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.iOTQWith the Trigger Close AgainstHips, Fired.HisE. M. Wheeler Furniture CoRobneel Building, Main and Eighth Sts., Paris, Ky.i mym smxb sbs s nm xvIrTHE GREATESTREDUCTION SALEEver Offered in This CityIs Still Going OnAnd Continues 3 Days More. rrwork when suddenly lie received ablow on the left side which sent himto the ground half stunned.Gubtil then found himself grapplingwith a black bear, which, whencold that evening, weighed 460 pounds.By means ol rollings and tumbling,kicking at the bear and warding offattempts to grapple, Gubtil finally,with the blood streaming from twodozen bad scratches, reached his rifleEy exerting all his remainingstrength, Gubtil dropped the muzzleagainst the bear's breast as the bruterose, and with the trigger closeagainst his hip, pulled.The expansion bullet killed the bearalmost instantly. At the moment ofthe discharge the bear was making ablow for Gubtii's face, but the clawsdragged against his shoulder.A trapper heard his caU and took himwhere he could get medical aid.f wI-W-WPermaiiently Guaranteed Rings ForWholeFamily at Reasonable -Prices.theWe suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-"W Insured Ring.Here is a ring that is so good that it is guaranteed for a li'etime by the maker. The "W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it 1, telling over torty million people about re.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmost confidence. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy of a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,15.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.85& vLOOKED UP TO HENRY CLAYi(wwwIf Wf.' lw r ri"kzLincident Showing the EsteemWhich the Great Senator fromKentucky Was Held.5)inThe Stock Consists of Ladies' and Gents'VFurnishing Goods, Men's and Boys'Clothing, Men's, Ladies' and Children's Shoes, Hats, Caps, Etc.25c Ladies' Vests and Pants. .19c50c Ladies' Vests and Pants. .39cLadies' Union Suits 39cChildren's Union Suits 19c$2 and S2.50 Ladies' Shoes. .$1.49SI. 50 and $1.75 Ladies' Shoes. 98csi 95 fc $1. 50 Children's Shoes 98cSI Children's Shoes. 69c50c Men's Shirts & Drawers. -39c25c Men's Shirts & Drawers . . 19cMen's Gloves 19c, 39c, 45cSuit Cases, $1.25 value 79cMen's Sweaters -...39c, 45c, 79c$8 Men's Suits.....' $4.98$10 Men's Suits $6.98$12.50 and $15 Suits S8.98All Boys' Suits froni-98c to $2.49Men's Pants from. . .98c to $3.9S$2 Men's Shoes $1.39S2.50 and $3 Shoes $1.98$3.50 and $4 Shoes $2.9S$1.50 Men's Buckle Overshoes 98c$3.50 Men's Gum Boots. . . .$2.49Ladies' Buckle Overshoes 79c$2 & S2.50RubberOvershoes $1.49$1.50 and $2 Men's Hats 9ScAll other goods arc reduced accordingly, which cannotbe mentioned. Give us a call and you will find everythingjust as advertised. CcTme early before goods are picked- over. If goods are not satisfactory when taken home, yourmoney will be cheerfully refunded, as this is our motto at alltimes, and will not make acception during this saleThe only popular price store in this city.J. H. J0SSELS0NAdlai Stevenson, commenting onHenry Clay, tells this anecdote, an exchange says:Possibly since the foundation ofthe government, no statesman has ,been so completely idolized by hisfriends and party as was Henry Clay, jWords are meaningless when the attempt is made to express the idolatry'of tire Whigs of his own state for theirgreat captain. For a lifetime he knewno rival. His wish was law to hisfollowers. In the realm of party lead-1ership a greater than he hath not appeared. At his last defeat for the presidency strong meji wept bitter tears.When his star set it was felt to bethe signal for the dissolution of thesreat party ot which he was the founder. In words worthy to be recalled,"v, hen the tidings came like wailing Iover the state that Harry Percy's spurwas- cold, the chivalrous lelt some-'how the w ovld had grov n common-plice."The lolloping incident, along theline indicated, may be considered char-,j actenstic. While Mr. Clay was a sen-1ator a resolution in accordance with ;i a sometime custom was introducedinto the Kentucky house of representatives instiucting tlte senators from( that state to vote in favor of a cer- (j taiu bill then pending in congress.The resolution as in the act of passing without opposition when a hither-' fn Qiipnt member Irom one of themountain counties, springing to histeet, exclaimed: "Mr. Speaker, am Ito understand that this legislature isundertaking to tell Henry Clay howto vote?" The speaker answered thatsuch was the purport of the resolution.At which the member from the mountains, throwing up his arms, exclaimed: "Great God!" and sunk intohis seat. It' is needless to add thatthe lesolution was immediately rejected by a unanimous vote.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,m "The House of Quality."L Both Phones. B" I suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs. Mollie Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as well asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well. I had been an invalidfor 5 weary years ! Cardui relieved me, when everythingelse failed."TheWomarfsTonicBare 24 Children, Lost 18.York, Pa. Nineteen funerals in herown family in her lifetime was thef portion of Mrs. Rachel Myers of Ho-bart, this county, who died at herhome, aged 80 years. Mrs. Myers wasthe mother of 24 children, but all butsix liave died. Her husband, WiliamMyers, died some years ago. .If you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Airs. Navy. did. For moretiian 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy, for women,has been used by thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real value in relieving their aches andpains. Why suffer longer? A remedy that has relievedand helped so many, is ready, at the nearest drug store, foruse, at once, by you. Try it, today.for SpecialWrite to- Ladies' Advisory DeptM Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga. Tesa.,Xa iracJtoj. and W-page book. " Home f reatmeHt for Women." seat free J 57FOR SALE715-717 Main StreetParis, Kentucky!Coin and Counterfeit.Speecli is silver silence is golden,and tneiandcktsi) of the politician isgreen goods v -' -Modern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.' ' Ytll-w sr.d white swft clofr seedI Buy ytur st-fd now ard sve cott rfwinter storage. Fcr pnrtLuIa.s an!?,toJOHN A. CFEEHA, Route 4. 28-3t Falircuth, KEverything Sanitary..Children's Work a Specialty.Cmi CRAWFORDBloodine Itching and WeedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, Safc;Cures Rheum, Pimples, &&.Eczema, lies, Handrail: asq i.sr fang nair.Mrc-H.W. Allen. Gafrnv.S "" - " "8sd Bloodtae Olntrcent tor Ij.2ta BKst efcilYe remedy-" J 1t1W. T. Brooks, Agent.i4iJl'fjittw,ii;ir3'toVkp.;fk'fri8'iX.4JTV!!irKVeiKl.Bj --t "3fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 15, 1911:1 1MbMCHRISTMAS Practical ftifts For Men and BoysTO the Average Man a Selection of Sensible Gifts From Our Store are Gifts that are Surely Appreciated. In the Family Circle and AmongFriends it is Better to Buy the Useful Gifts that Men would Naturally Buy for Thetnselve-s, than the Useless Trinkets and such, that are soonLaid Aside and Forgotten. After Months of Planning and Careful Selection we have Gotten Together the Most Complete Line of Useful ChristmasGifts Ever Shown. Here are Gift Possibilities for the Men or the Boys : : : . : " : ' : : : : : :The Gift a Man Appreciates:If you buy it for him, 'twill savehim just that much money.Bring Joys to Boys with Clothes,Not Toys.IW 3W1C9fcNeckwear, 25c, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50 to $3Of all the inexpensive and practical gifts for men,Neckwear is the most popular. Our stocks werenever more complete.Gloves 50c to $6Our Glove section affords assurance of correct selection, whether for driving, street or dress.Mufflers, 50c to $5Of wool or silk, in many combinations of colors.Suit Cases and Hand-bags, $5 to $25St. Nick has set his stamp of approval on LeatherGoods as most acceptable Christmas gifts foreither man or woman. You'll not find a betterselection of them anywhere.Bath Robes in Blanket and Terry, $5 to $15As gifts few selections offer so pleasant and enduring a reflection on the Holiday season.Suspenders 25c to $2We offer an elaborate showing of Silk Suspendersin Fancy Holly Boxes.Shirts, 50c to $3.50Useful 365 days out of the year, and you'll findjust the shirts here that men like to wear.Collars $1.50 the DozenLook at one of the Collars he's wearing and getthe name, then come to us and have us send up -adozen of his favorite brand.Mail Orders Promptly Filled.We Pay Express Charges on AllPurchases of $5.00 and Over.CLOTHING!$10to$40Christmas may afford you a much desired opportunity tobestow a Suit or Overcoat where its appreciation will bedoubly keen. The advanced position this store occupiesamong men who are informed as to Clothes, styles andvalues, should suggest a purchase here.Fur Overcoats, $25, $30 and $55A price within the reach of all and just the thing for a man whodrives Black Axsale, Thibet, Buffalo and Kanaka Wolf.Fur Caps, $2.50 to $5Always a very acceptable Christmas Gift. Golf Caps, too, inwool, with fur inside band, 50c to $2.Hosiery For Men, 25c to $1.50In Silk Lisle and Cotton. Boxed attractively in beautiful Christmas boxes, $1 the box.Sweater Coats, $2.50 to $6It has warmth, comfort and service. Every man likes one.Waistcoats, $2.50 to $6The little nicety of dress that always proclaim the well-dressedman. The styles we show for Christmas are correct.Paris, KentuckyBf !t Comes From Davis St Is RightHandkerchiefs 10c to 50cIf in doubt, choose handkerchiefs. We have themin linen and cotton, all singly boxed. From thissection you can choose a modest' remembrance or agift suggestive of much sentiment.Combination Sets, $1, $1.50 and $2A Handkerchief, Silk Socks and Cravat that happily harmonize for "him."Umbrellas, $1 to $8Always a useful gift. Our stock so large and theprices so varied that you will have no trouble infinding just the right Umbrella for any man.Raincoats, $5 lo $25Of all the kinds of Raincoats that have ever beenworn, the English Gabardine is the most popular.Its a sensible coat for either dress wear or as arain garment.Hats, $1 to $7.50Give your husband a Hat, or give him an order forone and let him select from our stock whateverHat becomes his style.For the BoysSuits, Overcoats, Cowboy "Gauntlets, Gloves,Sweater Coats, Jersey Sweaters, Shirts, BlouseWaists, Caps, Polo Caps, Warm Underwear. Giftsfor the boys you can find here from 25c to $15.Trunks, $6 to $25For the man who travels a Trunk is the very thing.They are becoming more popular every Christmas,and sensible gifts they are.Underwear, 50c to $3.50How happy you can make someone by a gift of asuit or two of warm Underwear.Telephone us your wants and we'll send a selection of anything in our store, that you may make a leasurely selection inyour home.Plain Figures.Everything marked in plain f guresat A. b Wheeler & Co.'s.Nothing Nicer lor Gifts.Linen handkerchiefs in leather cases$1.50 and S2 attf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY ISuitable Gilts.Manicure sets, shaving sets and military brushes attf CLKKE& CO.'S.Victor-VictrolaThe one ideal gift. A pleasure the year round forall. All the latest models, including $15, $25, $40,$50, $75, $150 and $200 sizes.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFancy Baskets.A fancy basket of fruit makes a nicegift on Clfristmas morning. We havea beautiful line. Let us till your order.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.KodaksPicture-making simplified. Nodark-room required. Daylightall the way. $5, $8, $10,$12 to $65.Brownie Cameras"Almost Kodaks"Designed to make first-classpictures at a low price. $2,$3, $4, $5, $7 to $12.THE BROWNIE BOXContains No. 2 Brownie Camera Film, DaylightDeveloping Machine, Paper Printing Frame andeverything necessary to take and finish pictures,$4.00.Kodak Developing MachineDoes away with the dark room and makesbetter pictures. No better gift for a Kodaker.$2.50, $5.00 and $6.00.Rubber Boots.Get your Gum Shoes and RubberBoots at17 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE.Good Candy Cheap.Fine fresh mixed candies at .15, 20and 25 cents per pound New stockjust received.x T. LENIHAN.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.The Best.If you are looking for the -bestshaves and hair cuts call at Cahal's.Polite and first class workmen readyto wait on you. Hot and cold baths.tf M. A. CAHAL.Order Early.Don't forget you will want a whitecake, black cake, a plum pudding ormince meat for your Christmas dinner.If you want the good Holladay homemade kind you should order early.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.FLASHLIGHTS"Just Press the Button"85, $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75V2S3?J&wfe1iaughertyBros.Christmas Headquarters.Make our store your shopping headquarttrs for Christmas. Everythingfor the little folk and grown up peoplein stock. Everything new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupstairs. High grade goods at lowprices. tfNAT'L. FIVE & TEN CENT STORE.J aris Jsook Co.HolidaySuSestionsaiBeautiful Line of Gift Books of IEvery Description, Poems,Children's Books, &c.Santa CJaus Headquarters.Our store as usual is the 'place OldSanta Inlds forth during the holidaysand this year is no exception. Hehas furnished us with a larger stuck ofeverything than ever before fcr thechilrden. Sleds, magic lanteins,rishmails, boxing gloves, irums. hiirps..toy tea ses, velocipedes, toysT aftguns.express wagons, fireworks', candies, fruits, nuts. raisirs and all kindsuf goodies to fill the stccking3 with.Be sure and sea us and we will saveyou money.S 4t L-AVIN & C0NNELL.Leather Goods,Drinking Cups,Sweet Grass Baskets,Bridge and Euchre Score Pads in Brass, JCreton Novelties for dressers,Denison's Holiday Decorations, &c 1Christmas Cards, Tags and Dennison's GumJRibbonCrane's Latest Roy Pann! An Elegant Line of Pictures,For. the ChildrenCharacter Dolls, Games, Puzzles,Toys, Etc,Picture Framing Our Leading SpecialtyJ aro Sjooc CompanyaWESHEZJKSai 9 WD (-N,.?. . -iLWcaaTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 15, 1911mTHE BOURBON NEWS.CifflffinlrfALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGOPEN NIGHTS.From now until Christmasour store will be open everynight to accommodate Xmasshoppers. Beautifnl lot ofgifts to select from,J. T. HINTON.Fine Canhies.Einest stock of fancy box candies,3-Also nice lot of bulk candies at popular prices.x BRAMBLETTE & TARR..That Hungry Feeling.There is no place to astisfy it like atG. P. COOK'S.Election o! Officers.The Ladies Auxi'iiry, A 0. H. willmeet Monday night at the home ofiMiss Nellie Schwartz. An election ofofficers will be held and a full attendance is requested.Dressed Fowls.All kinds of dressed fowls for theholiday trade. Chickens, duekks, turkes, etc. Let us have your order.x BRAMBLETTE & TARR.All Prices.Suit cases and traveling bags in allprices,tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Mr. Tipton in Kentucky.Mr. Ed. A. Tipton, President of theKentucky Trotting Horse BreedersAssociation arrived ia Kentucky Monday night from New York and willspend several days in Lexington.Crane's Stationery.Eaton, Crane's finest stationery inhandsome Christmas packages attf CLARKE &CO.'S.Gifts for the Men.See the display of fine Meerschaumpipes, cigars and tobaccos attf CLARKE CO.Land Sold.Harris & Speakes, real estate dealers, sold for Mrs. Clara E. Rigg, ofWashington, Pa., to Mr. Lloyd Ashurst, of this county, seventy acres ofland adjoining his farm oh the Bethlehem pike. Price private. This nowgive Mr. Ashurst a fine farm of 3552cres close to Paris.At Reduced Prices.Our finest perfumes in handsome cutglass bottles at reduced prices,tf CLARKE & CO.SPECIALS.Specials in everyline forChristmas trade.x E. M. WHEELER.Will Be Held Janury 2.Commissioner of Agriculture RankinWednesday fixed January 2 the datefor holding the State Farmers' Institute, and named Frankfort as the placefor holding the institute. As 1912 islegislative year the institute wouldhave been held in Frankfort withoutthat city being named as the place forholding it.Free.We give Christmas boxes with all50 cent ties.If MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Superior Meats.A triil order frcm our meat department will convince jou that we handlenothing but the bestA. W. COTT1NGHAM.Buys Interest in Pool Room.Mr. H. 0. 'James a few days agopurchased of Mr. C. P. Mann a onehalf interest in Mann's pool room atthe corner of Main and Fourth stref Is.Mr. James is well known and extremely popular and enters this bi sinegs with the same spiiit rf hustlethat has characttiized his caieei.We Nave it.Everyone knows we have the mostfancy line ot goods in Kentucky. Givetie your order early and cet the best.C. P. COOK.Dolls.Come in and look at my stock ofdolls just for the pleasure of seeingthem whether you want to buy or not.They are beautiful and in endlessvariety.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Boxes for Infirmary Inmates.At the regular meeting of the W. C.T. Q. Monday atfernoon the membersdecided to send their annual Christmasboxes to the inmates of the county infirmary, about thirty in number. Thesecretary, Mrs. Lucy T. Sprake, wasappointed to send a tribute to thememory of Mrs. Mary E. Abbott, theoldest charter member of the Union,to tne Kentucky White Ribbon, theStit psper of the organization, forpublication.A Sensible Present.Gat a Christmas present that is use- ful a. pair of shoes or house slippersfor gentlemen and ladies15 5t DAVID FELD.TURKEYS.On account of the rain wewill continue to receive turv "keys until Friday, Dec. 1 5.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. J. D. Bruer remains seriouslyin:Mr. Jams Fee has been confinedto his bed for stveral days.Mrs. L. M. Tribble left this weekfor Fulton, Mo , for a v.isit.Mr. I. D. Thompson is improvingafter several.weeks' illness.Mrs. Max Metzger has returnedhome after a visit in Carlisle.Miss Laura Williams, of Mt. Sterling, is theguest of Mrs. Jo Varden. .Miss Nellie Linville will leaveSaturday for a visit in Portsmouth, 0.Rev." J. S. Simm has returnedfrom a visit of several das in Ashalnd.Attorney P. A. Thompson was abusiness visitor in Richmond Wednesday. Miss Hettie Ingles continuesdangerously ill at her home on Highstieet.Mrs. Hannah Browner remains ina serious condition at her home onMain street.Mr. Fisher Tarr, oE Cincinnati, isthe guest of his brother, Mr. T. H.Tarr, in this city.Mrs. J. R. Thompson, of Covington, is visiting her son, Mr. P. A.Thompson, in this city.Rev. J. S. Simms, who has beenvisiting in Maysvialle for several daysteturned home Wednesday.Messrs. James Ferguson and Volney Ferguson returned yesterday froma hunting trip in Tennessee.Mr. J. W. Thomas continues in aserious conidtion at the home of Mr.Leer Stout on Seventh street.Mr David Paton and family ofShawhan, this county, have moved toCarlisle where they will resideQuite a number from here will attend the Henry Miller performance atthe Lexington Opera House tonight.Miss Puss Rogers, of Columbus,O , who has been the guest of Mrs.Thos. McDonald for the past twomonths, is visiting friends in Danville.Mrs. 'Anno Rutherford, of Versailles, was here Wednesday to attendthe funeral of Mrs. C. M. Thomas andwas the guest of Mrs. E. M. DioksonMr. and Mrs. R. 0. Turner anddaughter, Miss Ethel Turner, and MrsJos. Honey left Monday for Eustis,Fla., where they will spend' the remainder cf the winter.Mrs. R. K. McCarney, who hasbeen quite ill for some time and hasshown no signs of improvement, wastaken to a Cincinnati hospital fortreatment Wednesday.Mrs. Elizabeth Adair and littleson, Nathan, left Monday night forMew York, from which place they willsail for Panama, to join her husbandMr. Bruce Adair, who has had a position there or sereral months.London Echo: "Mr. Wix Dillion,who has been working with the ParisLumber Company at Paris for the pasttwo or three years, has severed hisconnection with that firm and is visiting his parents here and taking amuch needed rest."Mrs. Rachel Barlow, who has beenthe guest of her daughters, Mrs. FrankP Kiser and Mrs. Leander Smith, hasreturned to her home in Richmond.Mrs. Barlow, accompanied by herdaughter, Miss Mary Ashbrook willleave next week for Florida, wherethe former has accepted a position.Letters received from the familyof Mrs Mary Morrow, tell cf herserious illness at the home of herdaughter, Mrs. Ella Mae Frey, inSeattle, Wash. Mrs. Morrow is 77years of age and her illness is due toinfirmities. Mr. a'nd .Mrs. Morrowmoved from Hutchison, this county, tothe West several years ago.An Invitation.You are cordially invited tocall and inspect ourbeautiful line of holiday goodssuch aspictures, framesCrane's fancy stationerygift booksGames, dollsnovelties of all kindsj Paris Book Co.Paris, Ky.i ..i Your Trade Solicited.! We respectfully invite a trial orderfrom every family in Paris. Our stockof groceries is large and complete. Noold goods on hand. Everything in ourstore is fresh.A. W. COTTINGHAM.Pictures at Lowest Prices.The niggest line of pictures in Parisat J. T. Hinton's and his prices arethe lowest.Dressed Turkeys and Chickens.Buy your Christmas turkey andchickens from Burnett Bros. They canfurnish them on short notice. ;You canalways buy the best at the lowest possible price consistent with good andhonest quality. Both phones 495. Winchester street. xFancy Baskets,All kinds of fancy baskets fittedwith fruits, candies, etc., for Christmas. FEE'S.TURKEYS.On account of the rain wewill continue to receive turkeys until Friday, Dec. 15.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Prices Right.We were Cincinnati last week andbought our stock of Christmas goodsand bought them at the right pricesand will offer the:n to the public atvery low figures. Buy your fruits,nuts and Randies of us and we willsave ycu money. -J E. CRAVEN.Switchman Meets With HorribleAccident.Henry French, a switchman in theemploy cf the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad in this city lies in a criticalcondition at the St. Joseph Hospital inLexington with but one chance in athousand for his recovery, as the resuit of an accident which occurred inthe South yards at an early hour yesterday morning.The accident cccurred shortly afterseven o'clock while French with several othet men employed in the samecapacity, were putting into a siding acut of cars. The yard engine wascoupled to the cut and it was their intention to switch one of the cars onanother track.French was standing on top of thecar which had been cut from the remainder but, which did not ;$o the required distance on the siding. Theyard engine was again emplojed tomove the car farther up the track andwhen the cars came together suddenly,French was thrown from thn top tothe track, the car passing over his leftarm and leg, horribly .mangling bothmembers.His companions rushed to his assistance and he was removed to the yardoffice. With all haste a special trainwas made up and he was rushed to theLexington hospital, where it was hoped an operation would save his life.According to advises received from thehospital last night the left leg wasamputated at the hip joint'and the armwas removedbetween the shoulder andelbow.French had been in the employ ofthe company for about six years andwas regarded as one of the best menin the local yards. He came hereabout eleven vears ago from Robertsoncounty. He was a member of the locallodge of Odd Fellows and was prominent in the Knights of Pythias.For seme time he has resided inHenry Addition and only a tew monthsago began the erection of a home onCypress street. His wife is almostprostrated over the affair. It wasstated yesterday at the Lexington hospital that his chances for rceovery arevery slight.Famous Cakes. "Stone's famous fruit cakes and plumpuddings for Christmas.FEE'S.Get a Hoosier.Get your wife a Hoosier Cabinet atA. F. Wheeler & Co.'s for a Christamspresent.Make Nice Gifts.Collar bags, silk mufflers and leathertraveling sets attf MITCHELL &BLAKEMORE'S.Christmas Decorations.Paper napkins, table covers, doilies,bells, candles, etc , attf CLARKE & CO.'SFuneral of Mrs. Thomas.Thu funeral services over the remains of Mrs. Margaret BrentThomas were held Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock at the Presbyterianchurch conducted by the pastor, Kev.Dr. B. M. Shive. The church was filled to overflowing with saddened relatives and friends, who had gathered topay their last respects to the memoryof the deceased. S--wJgB&wSgftiBineP' 'Dr. Shive in very appropriate wordspaid a beautiful tribute to the beautiful Christian character of Mrs. Thomasand spoke in feeling terms of her devotion to her family and to the churchof which she had been a life long andconsistent member.The choir rendered three selections,"In the Hour of Trial," "Lead KindlyLight" and "Asleep in Jesus." Afterthe services at the church a large concourse followed the remains to theParis cemetery, where they were consigned to their last resting place andbeneath a mass of floral offerings, thebeauty of which is beyond description.At the grave the Rev. J. W. Ligon, ofNorth Middletown, pronounced thebenediction.FOR THE BABY.Don't forget the babyX-mas. See those RubberTire 'Go-Carts at E. M.Wheeler's. xBox Candies.Beautiful line of fancy box candies.Nothing would be more approriate foryour best girl on Christmas morning.A nice Christmas gift.x T. LENIHAN.Seals Anywhere On Packages.According to the ruling of Postmaster General Hitchcock, the Red Crossseals can be placed anwyhere onChristmas packages but the time islimited tu January 1. A recent rulingof the Postmaster General was to theeffect that the stamps could be placedonly on the rear of the packages butby his more recent ruling they may beplaced on the front as well.Found.Nice pistol. Owner can have sameby proving property and paying forthis advertisement.Car Load ofApples!Tor Safe.I will be at L. & N. FreightDepotFriday,. Saturday and Mondaywith a car load of York ImperialApples that will be sold fromthe car. This is winter stock.Come with your buggies,wagons and auto and take themaway. J. PPJDE.Stock Sold.W. G. McClintock sold on the Cincinnati market this week 110 head of cattle which brought prices ranging from3 to 7 cents per pound. Mr. McClintock will ship to Cincinnati Saturdaynight one car load of hogs for whichhe paid from 4 to 5 1-2 cents perpound.Fine Box Candies.We have the swellest line of boxcandies we have ever had for the holiday trade.J. E. CRAVEN.Fancy Candies.Fancy box candies of all kinds.Nothing but the best. Makes niceChristmas presents.FEE'S.me. WHBrirr' nMrfrtf A.FlexibleFlyer!The Ideal Christmas Gift.Nothing will make the Childrenso happy. Don't buy themsimply a "steering sled.' Getthem a Flexible Flyer, the safest,speediest, most economical sledmade.Will Outcast Three OrdinarySleds or Cheap Imitations.Runners are grooved to preventskidding on ice or snow.Saves shoes, prevents wet feetand colds. Get light and strong.Get the genuine.Daugbwty Bros'1 K. . .IXMAS' tOur Display of Novelties, Dolls, pToys, Etc., JIs the Largest in the History of Our Business. Weare offering more specials than ever before. Comein and look the lines over, it will be worth your while. BSpecial attention is called to ourHandkerchief Department. SSee our big values in Umbrellas, Hosiery, Neckwearand Gloves. Come and save money. 7W TMf I i JLiil.iSanta ClausiFee's CashwwmwmmmmmmfBmmmmmnmkmmmmFor Friday and SaturdaymmmmmmmmmmmmMmiammmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmB mmwmmmmmmmrmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmPURE FOOD PRODUCTSPure New Orleans Cane Syrup per gallont tins 65cPure Illinois Sorghum Molasses, per gallon tins 65cvPure Kentucky Comb Honey, per lb 15cPurity Flour (best made) per 100 lbs $3.00Irish Potatoes per peek 30c, per bushel $1.20Fairy Patent Flour, 24 pound sack 70cHubig's Pies and Stone's Cakes.iFEE'SL- --"VHappy ChristmasFor Everybody.Avoid worry by doing your shopping here." Our attractions insure the greatest pleasurein buying. -The most joy in receiving. . -We rep esent all things as they are, and regulate the price by the true value of the article.Here are som: ecpecial values:Gold and Pearl Handled Umbrellas in a variety of attractive designs, 3.50.Solid Gold Cuff Links, ladies' and boys' size,$1.75 pair; larger size $2.50 pair.Cut Glass Pitchers, beautiful floral design,$4 each; Tumblers to match $9 per dozen.Sterling Silver Comb, Brush and Mirror Sets inattractive cases, $1 2.75 to $28.We are exclusive agents for the "Q. & Cguaranteed gold rings.Make your selections now and have them reserved.ALWAYS RELIABLEr'-'frttl,sJiw!-TiHbfcxa HllimTV.I?JL IAIJvv5JL?HeadquartersiSpecials,I".Vnrtiivli-'.G ZTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 15,.19U.u-s--UIUIITISICured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.riiAching bones, svvollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpnre'Uotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you" a SAMPLETREATMENT FBEE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;Wood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheimedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Drugeists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with diiections for home cure.S-iniPiO s:nt free by writing Bloodu-n o . Atlanta, Ga. Describeyur trouble end free medical advicegi.'on. 313 by Varden & Son.Cement For Sale.are theTwo Great Creatorsof EnergyEnergy means power -powerto work, to think,to throw off and keepoff disease.Get all the sunshineyou can, and takeScott's Emulsionregularly. It will giveyou strength, flesh andvitality.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best.AU, DRUGGISTS11-19Different.Willie "Did the doctor make youtake nasty medicine when you weresick?" Freddie "No; It was fatherwho made me take it" Judge.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains.offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthonis healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co. ,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Announcement.I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.- I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. 1 will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERSPECIALRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohoma andTexas, on sale the first and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip Winter Tourist Fares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daity, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.-or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in "circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Russian Limit for Marriage.No person over 80 years of age canmarry In Russia, according to the lawof that country.Its Uusual Place."Sir, I want your daughter's hand.""Well, my boy, you can probably getIt if you feel around in my pocket"mTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAil-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Oassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special !5.Overcoats in evey new cut and. weave, prices range from7 50, $10, $12.5' $15, $1S and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $i and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4.The reliable Douglas Shoes S2.50, $3, 13.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.50, $3. -Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes. fj.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.srj .',H&LEOPARD ATTACKSWOMAN TRAINERBIG CAT SPRINGS FROM PERCHAND TEARS AT HERTHROAT.XTt . WasoliEeiDRIVEN OFF WITH IRON RODPreviously Gentle Animal SpoilsPlans of Mrs. Pauline Russelle toSupport Herself and Two Childrenby a Thrilling Act.:BVL.WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.KJUiaftKKRNew York. The special devil thatmakes jungle cats turn bad in a flashgot into Clayton, a fine, big, beautifully marked leopard at Huber's museum recently. He turned suddenlyupon Mrs. Pauline Russelle, who wasdriving him and his mates through arehearsal, knocked her to the floor ofthe cage with j, swing of his forepaw,and tore her throat so badly that shemay never live to walk out of Bellevue hospital.It was the hardest kind of luck forMrs. Russelle, because she had expected to get a new start in the worldby exhibiting Clayton and the otherleopards, Arnold and Roy. She neededthe money sorely. She had been outof work and there were two childrendown in Virginia to take care of aswell as herself. Huber, the museumman, had promised her a three-weekengagement beginning January 17.Her leopards were caged on the topfloor of Huber's, and she had beentraining them there for three months,teaching them all the parlor tricksthat can be driven into a leopard'sskull. The three were young and absolutely green when she got them,and they had taken to training readily and Intelligently.She dressed for her work in a looseblouse, corduroy trousers, a shortskirt, and high boots. Over herblouse she buttoned a short coat heavywith spangles. The boots and trouserswere necessary because the big catsare likely to nip and scratch at anytime, not necessarily from meanness,but just because their teeth and clawsare very long and sharp and catch inthings when they get playful.' Harry Hendrickson, her helper, whostands by with a sharp-pointed ironrod, in case he might be needed, waswaiting for her when she climbed intothe cage. Frenchy, the sweeper, wasthe other person in the room.There were certain signs that alltrainers of wild animals recognize theminute they put foot In a cage thatsomething was wrong with all the animals. When she tried to make themjump up to the little platforms fixedaround the cage, Clayton balked,backed away, and crouched in a corner of the cage. While she wasthreatening him with the whip theother leopards got out of hand,Crouched in a Corner of the Cage.jumped to the floor and crouched flaton their bellies.She lashed Clayton with the whipuntil he ran round and round the cage,whining with rage and fear. Sheforced him into the corner nearest theplatform to which she meant to makehim jump, and cut him again with thewhip. He took the jump, landed onthe platform, caught his balance andsnarled down on her.Something caused Mrs. Russelle tolose her nerve as the leopard gathered himself together. She ducked her-head, turned half way toward thedoor of the cage, and cried to Hendrickson to hand her the iron spear.That instant Clayton shot off hisperch, straight for her head. Shetried to throw herself out of his way,but a forepaw clawed her head as shedodged, and the force of the blow senther to the floor of the cage. The leopard was on top of her in a flash, planting his forefeet on her breast andcatching her throat in his teeth.Frenchy ran screaming out of theroom. Hendrickson fired his revolver,but the animal was facing the otherway and the blanks did no good. Thenhe caught up the pointed rod anddrove it into Clayton's side again andagain. 'The animal released Mrs. Russelleand threw himself, against the bars,reaching for Hendrickson. Badly Tiurtas she was, the woman had enoughstrength left to release the catch, slidethe door part way open, and let herself drop to the floor of the room.Hendrickson dragged her away fromthe cage.jt - z CfrZ?Z- : : :International 6ENGINESs:All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.:MENWhen afflicted with disease, do not waste yourhard-earned money andvaluable time experimenting with uncertaintreatments, butCOME TO US.Our Ion? experience has taught ns what to do from Ithe itart-Wo know how. Let un eaye youmoney, time and suffering. Don't let lack ofmoney keep you away. If JOu are out of work youcan arranze to pay our amall professional fee lateron. Ho Ioa of time while taking our treatmentyou can keep right ou with your work.IF YOU SUFFER iz skbrrnimoslj. Hydrocele, Varicocele, Stricture, BloodPoison, Rheumatism, Ulcers, Sore. Skin Diseases,or Nervous Debility, or any special ailment thathas been hanging on for weeks or months, resistingthe treatment of Tarious doctors and druggistsuntil you are discouraged call and let us showJon how quickly such troubles can be cured by thetIGlIT treatment.WPITE For free Question List andIf W I I C Book on Men' Disease.flinftlnnati Mpn-Snonialiet OnIw...V.....M.. ...v.. WIJUWIUIIUI WWIJ531 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.Olive Trees Centuries Old.Olive trees of Syria live to a greatage. Some, known to be over 4,000years old, are still in a flourishingcondition and likely to bear fruit formany years to come.mWW&WW&W&WsiVtVJB3BP:GiganticHoliday SaleJL y "JMonumental Majority.If one could get the vote of thosewho feel worse the day after a holidaythan they did the day before, he probably could be elected. Atchison Globe.AtTwin Bros. DepartmentStore, beginningSaturday,- December 16,Display of Toys,Drygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Furs, Shoes, Millinery.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckySTOPS lEftl IT0HIf you are swzrls -TroTi Eczema,Psoriasis or av.y other kind of skintrouble, drop into our store for instant relief. V.'e will guarantee youto stop that itch in two seconds.A 25c trial bottle will prove it."We have sold other remedies forskin troubles, but none that we could.reconimer"! more liis-hly than the wellknown compound of Oil of Wintergreen, Thyniol and a few other ingredients t'lat hive wrought such wonderful cur-.? ci' over the country.Thi compound, known as D. D. D.Prescription. ' ill cool and heal theitchv, burnirqr skin ns nothinsr elsecan. Get a r.-irulr ucttle and. sec onour no-pay oiCer.G. S. Varden & Son.mmmtmmmmmmimmmiuargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,JBeef, Pork, Etc.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartniilliuery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactory'purchase here.. Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.INSURE YOUR PROPERTY"Against Fire, Tornado and 'Lightning. Tw0 old reliable, prompt paying com- -panies. JlJoe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 Agent.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties,1E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Margolen,ft Paris, Ky. mWINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSOrS SAL.13 DAILYVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDihiiJlMPDIKING CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS. CALL OH ANY TICKET ACEHT, QUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE,OR "VTRITJSH. C. KINO, Passenger and Ticket Ageat, m E, Main StH LEXINGTON, KY. fRitateTHE74BOmtBQj.:NES, -PARIS, : kENTOCKY-DE ;15; 19IL1- .r&aill JLSuggestions That are typical of the new Christmas Spirit, the giving of Presents that makes added Comfortand Beauty for the Home.i;&CO; f 1 ' ' ttwT HI II ! "f7liiiEit IPinIMay Try the Bustard.It is suggested that the bustard, akind of bird in China, be domesticatedin America. It weighs from 14 to 18pounds, and the flesh is well flavored.ITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchuntil you eel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your bodyuntil it seems as if you could nolonger endure these endless days ofawful torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.Then a few drops of D. D. D., thefamous Eczema Specific and. Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Comfort and rest at last!D. D. D. is a simple external washthat cleanses and heals the inflamedskin as nothing else can. A recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltRheum or any other skin trouble."We can give you a full size bottleof the genuine D. D. D. remedy for$1.00 and if the very first bottle failsto give relief it will not cost you acent. . , ."We also can give you a sample bottle for 25 cents. "Why suffer anotherday. when you can get D. D. D.?G. S. Varden & Son.The Famousihe Rayo Lamp is the best andVtor any part or your home.It is in use in millions of families. Its strong white light has madeit famous. And it never flickers.m la thi dining-room or the parlor the Rayo gives just the light that is most effective. It is a becoming lamp in itself and to you. Just the lamp, too. for bedroomor library, where a clear, steady Jight is needed.The Rayo is made of solid brass, nickel -plated; also in numerous other styles andfiaishes. Easily lighted without removing shade or chimney ; easy to clean and rewick.Ak your dealer to jKow you his liae of Rayo larapt ; or -write f or descriptive circular to any agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)rassGive her a Brass Bed. It willsurely please her. We have- many styles toiog Room SetsNever before have we beenmore complete with our Dining Tables, Chairs, BufettChina Closets and ServingTables as we are this Xmas.And what could you get thatwould please the wife andfamily more than a DiningRoom Suit?Origin of Cards.The use of cards is said to havebeen derived from the Turot cards,which were originally used for occultpurposes.She'd Keep It Dark.9 Gerald If 1 were to kiss you wouldyou tell your mother? Geraldine I'mno bureau of publicity.A Handy Tool.-A combined fork and shovel hasbeen invented by a Washington man,the scoop that forms the latter implement being removable.Making Paper.The manufacture of wood pulp paper. Involves 28 separate operationsfrom cutting down the trees to sellingthe productVery True.There would be less need for minding other people's business if therewas an earnest and concerted effortto mind our own.Height of Meanness."1 never knew Jack could be some3n." "What's the trouble?" "Heabsolutely refuses to sell bis 1911 model car and buy a 1912."Fintsnes tne Job.It Is beauty that begins to please,and tenderness that completes thecharm.Coolness in Extremity."Do you think he would be cool intime of danger?" "I think his feetwould." Houston PosttLampmost serviceable lamp youcanfindAvrKitchen&BedsLSIFacts About Indigestion and ItsRelief That Should InterestYou.Although indigestion and dyspepsiaare bo prevalent, most people do notthoroughly understand their eause andcure. There is no reason why mostpeople should not eat anything theydesire if they will only chew it carefully;and thoroughly. Many actuallystarve themselves into sickness throughfear of eating every good looking.goodsmelling and good tasting food becauseit does not agree with them.The best thing to do is to fit yourself to digest any food.We believe we can relieve dyspepsia.We are so confident of this fact thatwe guarantee and promise to supplythe medicine free of all cost to everyone who will use it who is not prefectly satisfied with the results which itproduces. We exact no promises, andput no one under any obligation whatever Surely nothing could be fairer.We are located right here and our reputation should be sufficient assuranceof the genuineness of our offer.We want everyone troubled with indigestion or dyspepsia in any form tocome to our store and buy a box. ofRexall Dyspepsia Tablets. Taks themhome and give them a reasonable trialaccording to directions. Then if notsatisfied come to us and get your money back. They are very pleasant totake they aid to soothe the irritablestomach, to strengthen and invigoratethe digestive organs, and to promote ahealthy and natural bowel action, thusleading to perfect and healths digestion and assimilation.2 A 25 cent package of Rexall Dyspepsia Tablets furnishes 15 days treatment. In ordinary cases this is sufficient to produce a cure. In morechronic cases a longer treatment ofcoarse is necessary and depends uponthe severity of the trouble. For suchcases wo have two larger tizes whichsell for 50 cents and $1. Rememberyou can obtain Kexall Kemedies inthis community only at our store TheRexall Store. The B. M. Hyde DrugGo.Another Rap at 'Em."Do you find" out here," asked thestranger In Colorado, "that givingwomen the right to vote has madepolitics any cleaner?""Well, I can't say as to that," replied the old settler, "but I knowsome children that It seems to havemade a lot dirtier."Always Somewhere Near.Misery never had to look far for thecompany that It loves.Suggestion."I shouldn't think a professionalpolitician would take to aviation.""Why not?""Because it would always give hima Jar to be referred to as the manhigher up." -AGTUARAINHOOSIER KITCHEN CABINS'Will save your wife so many wearysteps. And what could you give yourwife that she would like better than aCabinet.Hoosier Cabinet $25.00Other Cabinets $16 to $25.00Now a Suggestion ForThe Man.A Morris Chair, x -- -A Mission Table,Large Rocker, -A Shaving Stand,Chifforobe,A Leather Couch,A Turkish Rocker.THEATRICAL."THE GIRL OF!MY DREAMS"ATLEXINGTON.Mr. Joseph M. Gates will present atthe Lexington Opera House Tuesdayand Wednesday and Wednesday matinee, Decebmre 19 and 20, John Haynsand Leila Mclntyre in the delightfulatmospheric musical play "The Girl ofMy Dreams.""The Girl of My Dreams"is described as an atmospheric musical play. Itis in two acts, Carl Hoschna is repsonsible for the music which he confidently asserts is even more alluring thanhis two former great successes, "'iheThree Twins" and "Bright Eyes."Mr. Gates has engaged an exceptionally well balanced company of playersto support Hyansjjand Mclntyre. Theproduction is promised to be a mostelaborate one, both from a scenic aswell as costume standpoint, togetherwith a special augmented orchestra,ij Th sale of seats will open Saturdaymorning, December 16, and all orderssent to Manager Scott accompanied bya remittance will receive prompt attention. Special rates will be madeby the railroads.HENRY MILLER AT LEXINGTONHenry Miller will come to the Lexington Oprea House for one performance only on Friday evening, December 15 in H, S. Sheldon's famous play,"The Havoc," supported by exactlythe same company that appeared withhim throughout "The Havoc's" allseason run at the Bijou Theater inNew York last year. Mr. Miller wasseen here just a year ago in a farcecomedy, "Her Husband's Wife."This season he returns in the biggestrole he has ever played in, a drama oftremendous power and gripping appeal. Neither his famous Sidney Carton in "The Only Way," nor his Stephen Ghent in "The Great Divide,"gave hira the opportunity for big acting afforded by his new role of RichardCraicr. the wronged husband in "TheHavoc." 'Some idea of Mr. Miller's overwhelming Dower in the play may be gathered by the tributes paid to him bycritics both in the East and West."Mr. Miller." said Munsey's Magazine, "i3 superb in 'The Havoc' ""It is really a remarkable play," saidthe Smart Set Magazine, 'and it is uncommonly wl'Jacted byJtlenryMiller." 'The Havoc' overwhelmed the audiences at the Columbia Theater lastnight," said the San Francisco Call,"it is played with consummate skill.""It is the bpst thing Henry Miller hasever done." said the Philadelphia Inquirer. "In 'The Havoc, " said thePhiladelphia Times. "Mr. Miller touches the zenith ot his career." "It is alesson in big acting," said the NewYork Telegraph, and the New YorkTimes said "Henry Miller has donenothing so powerful or artistic duringhis brilliant career on the Americanstage."Not in These Days of Politics.Patient eld Job, It may be rememfcwred, even foretold the coming of aflay when "all the beasts of the fieldslall be at peace." Chicago Xitirane.ROCKERS.Our line of Rockers forXmas presants are here andthe prices are right. Everypiece of Furniture is markedin plain figures, so you canwait on yourself. Rockers$1.25 up to $40Vjgk Ehi !P t$t w.Red Cross Seals Having HeavySale.The little Red Cross seals are meeting with a heavy sale in this city andthe places where they are to be secured report that a larger number havebeen disposed of than for the sameperiod of last year.The work here is in charge of theParis Literary Club and the stampshave been put on sale at the drugstores, jewelry stores and during thewhole of next week will be found onsale at the dry goods stores thruughoitthe city.This work is being pushed all everthe State and Paris is expected tobring up its share and contributethrough the purchase of the! littleChristmas seals to the fund for thetreatment and preventicn of tuberculosis. A small per cent from the saleof the seals all over the country goesto the National Red Cross Society bywhich the seals are printed on a scalewhich reduces their cost to the infinitesimal. Afttr this commission isdeducted the net proceeds are equallydivided between state and local organizations. The sale of the seals meansmuch toward the prevention and treatment of the white plague in this stateand each package that goes out onChristm2S should be adorned with thelittle Christmas stamps.5 xlSPlp5 CHfslf SCrvrvrvuj-wj-juMw?o mFREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVECURED HIS CONSTIPATIONWhen a person has become discouraged through years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesI up trying, it is small -wonoer mat nebecomes skeptical. Ana yet, to m-who have constipation, we would say,"Try just one thing more."We wish you would try Dr. Cald--well-sSyrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name ana audress to Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto 'convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un--- , .J r.'Gone, Praises Be.What has become of the o!d-fasbloned mother who used to ask hsrsmall daughter to recite for comj;pany? Cleveland Plain Dealer.It Startled the World.when the astounding claims werejfirst made 'for Bucklen'a Arnica Salvebut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them, true, and everywhere it is now known as the be3fcsalve on earth for burns,boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Only 25c at Oberdorfer's. Jlmik EangbcrnManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents. -vWork done promptly and satisfaction.guaranteed.augl6tf East Tenn. Phoe 669rITHE PARISQvicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 'i21 PAEIS, KT.IIIionville, Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmerman of Harrisburg, Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample" bottleand now have it regularly- in. the:house.You will learn to "do away witfesalts, waters and cqfhartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will traiayour stomach and bowel muscles so.that they will ao tneir worK agaurnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin. For the free sample address Dr. WB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell bwldingMonticeAlo IU .-IInhiI"2- --' .,"V---'JW.--JSAj&SH -- -'!'V-'U n i j w mrttmftrmtfmncam"! JLfiupv"WJ"ITICT" turunmr "i--TrcirrrimflRWALBaking PowderABSOLUTELY PUREMakes delicious homebaked foods of maximumquality at minimum costMakes home baking apleasureThe only Baking Powdermade from Royal GrapeCream of TartarMa Alum No Lime PhosphatosDug His Own Grave.Cornelius Parfitt, for 17 years employed at Fuliiam cemetery as a grave--dlgger,was buried the other day in atjrrave which he dug several days agobefore he went to the hospital, wherehe died.Despair.Miss Budd What do you think ofthe coming man? Miss Spinster Ithink he must have met with an accident. Harper's Bazar.Europe's Vast Armed Force. !-It would take nine and a half daysCor the armies of Europe to pass a 'iven point, marching five abreast, 15 'inches apart, at an eight-mile galLThe Reason."I wonder why gossip travels sifast?" "Because the tongues whichcarry it are always on the rail."Life of the Silver Fir.Silver firs sometimes live 425years.Iwwm$am?zxz2&&mMm&MILLERSBURG ITES.Mesdames M. E. Martin and H. D.Jones are beter.Mrs. 0. M. Johnson, who has beenamong the sick, is able to be out.Mr. J. x. Adair left Wednesday forthe poultry Rhow at Winchester, takingseveral fowls with him.The Senior diss of M. F. C. willgive a bazaar Saturday atfernoon andevening in the dining rcom at M. F.G.Mrs. R. L. Buffington has returnedto her home in Cincinnati after a several weeks visit to her sister, Mrs. W.,M. Miler.Messrs. W. P. Shanklin, W. R.Barnes and Son, J. H, Barnes, havereturned after a prospective tour inMississippi.The infant son of Mr. and Mrs. M.P. Collier was brought home .fromGood Samaritan Hospital, Lexington,Wednesday much improved.Miss Jessie Kerr, who has been theguest of her father, Mr. E. H. Kerr,for the past two weeks, left Wednesday for her home at Jersey Ridge.This evening at 7 :4o there will be aLiszt Centeney Recital given by theadvanced pupils in piano at the college. There will also be another recital Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock.Every cash dollar spent at McConnell's jewelry store is guaranteed toget value received in the newest andmost up-to-date goods, besides on theNew Year watch to be given awaythat day. 12 6tWe have a full line of jewelry andChristmas novelties and would be gladto have you call and inspect our stockbefore making your Christmas purchases.ARON McCONNELL,12 4t Jeweler and Optician.Services Sunday morning'at Methodist church by the pastor. The Rev.Charles R. Hemphill, D. D., L. L. D.,president of the Presbyterian Theological Seminsry of Kentucky, of Louisville, will preach at the Presbyterianchurch Sunday. Dr. F. W. Troy willpreach his closing sermon Sunday atthe Christian church, subjects, morning, "Our Destiny," evening, "OurHomes." Union services Sundayevening at the Christian church, thisbeing Dr. Troy's last sermon inMillersburg.Miss Lucille Dailey entertained witha stocking and handkerchief showerWednesday afternoon from 2:30 to 5for Miss Marie Louise Cray. Thebeautiful home was darkened and softly illuminated with wax tapers incandelabra. The color scheme wasQESB9Every Dap a Bargain Bap at Our StoreiIBALB OF IM - - , "1 sAn immense purchase of the entire output of one of this country's foremostmanufacturers of Holiday Shoes and Slippers, enables us to offer the largest andfinest assortment of Holiday Footwear ever displayed in this city, consisting ofthe newest novelties in fancy and plain designs in leathers, plush and felt.ONLY TWO MORE WEEKSto dispose of this enormous purchase, we have therefore marked them at pricesfar less than other dealers pay for them. The lots are complete; the selectiongreater; the bargains irresistable. Truly, a gift worth having.We have a large assortment of Misses' and Children's Trooper Boots, just thething for a useful Christmas gift.Ladies' White Buck Button Shoes, $4 and $5 values, Special $2.99 and $2.49.DAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.I a IHiMiiP MBBMBMMfiy 9HHP W HSH9IHHr VJHHHB8HB& SHRUHHHHI flHBvpink and white and was nicely carriedout. Mrs. W. G. Dailey, mother ofthe hostess, met the guests at thedoor and packages were received lylittle Misses McLona Butler and Caroline Mclntrye after which they- wereushered into the presence of the receiving line which stood just withinthe parlor and was made up of MissDailey, the hostess, who wore bluechiffon over blue mesaaline, and MissCiay, in black net ovnr green messaline. Candles under pink shades gavea pleasing effect. Miss Alma DukeJones rendered pleasing music.After the guests had all assembledeach presented the bride-to-be with acard upon which was written a characteristic of a good wife. These wereread aloud, she then reading to eachfrom the book of "Fate" their futuredestiny. These couplets from the bookof 'F'ate" were epsecially good beingarranged by Mrs. Dailey. The gueststhen repaired to the drawing roomwhere refreshments consisting ofsalad, beaten biscuits, olives, cheesesandwiches, hot chocolate and mintwere served. The drawing room wasbeautifully arranged.On the large table in the center ofthe room were silver candelabra andcandlesticks with rose shades and silver bon bon dishes. On a small tablewas a large crepe paper shoe of pinklaced with white ribbon which contained the handkerchiefs and stockings wrapped in tissue paper. Afterlunch these were presented to thebride by the hostess in an appropriatelittle address that will always be remembered by those present. Thepackages were then opened by thebride who bestowed upon the donorsher thanks.More than thirty guests were present. It was one of the most deilghtfulentertainments of the kind ever given,abounding largely in originality andwas a decided departure from theaverage.See the Festoons, la Valieie at McConnell's. xMr. Henry Miller, of Atlanta, Ga.,arrived Wednesday as the gutst of hisbrther, Dr. W. M. Miller.Mr. Barton "Rogers, of Cincinnati,was the guesr. of his grandmother,Mrs. Josh Barton, Wednesday.Miss Esther K. Nell entertained theClare-Schumann Musical Club at herhomo Wednesday afternoon. The clubconsists ot the mebmres of her class,number about twenty-two. Therewere a few invited guests present.Several good muaical selections wererendered. A musical game arrangedbv Miss Nell was then indulged in.The game was a simple story withblanks to be filled in with muiscalterms. The prie vhich was a pictureof the great composes Boch, was wonby Miss Nola Redd. Salads, sandwiches and hot chocoalte were served.The Ladies Aid Society of theChristian church gave a reepptionThursday afternoon in honor of Dr.and Mrs. F. W. Troy who will leavenext week for their new field of labor.The attendance was large as the entirecongregation of the church had beeninvited. Various reports of the workof the society during the past yearwere read and proved very interestingand it gave many, especially the laymen of the church, an idea of the goodthat is being done by this zealous .bandof earnest workers, of which duringthe year Mrs. Troy was president. Thelaides made a brilliant record and areto be commended. This will go intohistory S3 one of the most brilliantyears of the society. A dainty lunchconsisting of beaten biscuits, sandwiches, pickles, cheese, coffee andmints was served.Swell Line.WeHbave justjjreceived the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts,x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.Famous Home Made Candy,Nothing could be more acceptablefor a hoilday gift than a fancy box ofthe famous Holiaday home madecandy. Put your order in now.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.Leather Goods.Purses, bill books and wallets makesuitable gifts for gentlemen,tf CLARKE & CO.Free.A fine alligator skin pocketbookgiven away. With each purchase of SIwe will give a chance on this book." GRINNAN & COLLINS,12 2t ' Harness Mares.Tree Ornaments.And Tinsel at cost to close out thisiine.15 2t MISS JESSIE BROWN.For Xmas.Bath robes and smoking jackets atMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Comfort in a Morris Chair.Have you seen the Royal Push Button Morris Chair at J. T. Hinton's.The ladies enjoy them just as much asthe men.Civil Service Examination."An examination for clerk and carrier will be held at the postoffice inthis city on January 13. 1912. Agelimit 18 to 45 years, on the date of theexamination. Married women will notbe admitted to the examination. Thisprohibition, huwever, does not apply towomen who are divorced or those whoare separated from their husbands andsupport themselves, but they are eligible for appointment only as clerk.Applicants must be physically so"nd,and male applicants must be not lessthan 5 feet 4 inches in height withoutboots or shoes, and weigh not lessthan 125 pounds without overcoat orhat.For application blanks and for fullinformation relative to the examination, qualifications, duties, salaries, vacations, promotions, etc., address immediately WHITE F. VARDEN.Secretary Board of Civil Service Examiners, Postoffic, Paris, Kentucky.Applications must be filed with District Secretary not later than January6, 1912.Card of Thanks.We desire to thank the good peopleof Paris for their liberal patronage ofour Delsarte entertainment and allwho helped 1 to make it a 'success.Especially do we wish to thank themothers and the business men for theirco-operation, Misses Wollstein," Talbott, Saloshin, and Messrs. Morehead,Stackhouse, Lancaster and Clark fortheir valuable assistance, and all, whoassisted on the program from the leastto the greatest and the city press fortheir courteous treatment.Also the Odd Fellows for the generous use of their hall.MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD,MRS. A. D. REID.Your Order.We can fill it and fill it right.C. P. COOK.Htiiday Fares.Low round trip rates via Quen ACrescent route. Excursion tickets willbe sold December 15,16, 17, 20, 21, 22.23, 24, 25, 30 and 31, 1911, and January1, 1912. Final limit to return January8, 1912. Ask your ticket agent forparticulars.y W. A. BECKLER,General Passenger Agent,jan 1 Cincinnati, Ohio.Can Serve 10,000 Diners.Berlin has a new restaurant withaccommodations for 10,000 diners anda kitchen staff of 500 persons.The Comeback."'We are turning a lot of young hv?ryers out." "Don't worry. They'll setback at us by taking us in."IChristmasSuggestions.IA visit to oar store will offer many suggestions as to appropriate and useful articlesfor gifts.. We have:Steel Roller Beaten Biscuit Makers,Brass and Japanned Fire Screens, -Brass Fire Sets and Coal Hods,Ice and Roller Skates,Velocipedes, Flyer Sleds, Steel Wagons,Gillette, Durham and Enders Safety Razors,Rogers 1847 Knives, Forks and Spoons,Carving- Sets, Fruit Knives and many useful articles,which will appeal to the housewife.FORD & COJ$0 44T - --. .mmm mmm mtm mm mmiXflifctaSaIJMEMdSr MESH S&3&.raa&isaifs5fz?;ririsera as?KJSSg&KiS&SlilSMa? W?Siwaranwreryo-.- "-rtsgra9sZEffiRTREEDOMMAHSSfigsBANKAUGHTCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adr. Oo..EQUAL rights to all. That right permits you to possessfreedom to every intent and purpose, but freedom tfrom want or loss of social position can only come byproviding for the future. This can only be done with aBank Account, depositing as much of your earnings aspossible as often as you can.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts XDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. ICapital $100000Surplus $3 0,000$- $,i'ss.ETr-v-Esss-a, iZ:,Q.to? All OccasionsThere is no esteblhhiaeiit in the Ur. -1States better able o meet ycur requ;:ments in exclusive selections of Diaaior. zsin unique and distinctive selHns; SteprgSilverware wrought by experienced artisans; Gold Jewelry of refined a. dartistic character; Shefneld Silverware ofhard metal with silver-eieciToplaie; Toil zware of sterling silver and of ebor.y;Watches of the world's leading makers;Herschede Hall and Mantel Clocks ofnational reputation for case designs, bV:--keeping,and famous Tubular Chimes ihitsound the hours and quarters after thepeals of Whittington and Weslnriinater; b-fact, with the chcice3t in jewelry, gcldsmithing, and silversmithing at raoderDteprices. A Catalog of Hail and Mc.ate2Clocks only is issued, as asortrnenU h.other lines are always charging so as toinclude the latect approved desip?. B5selections, insured and express paid, .aHbe rent to those imbr ein?e!""cs Lrova,as reliaDie tlirouh -Lne Cdtjv oodnceDepartment ?kz?z v-! "when faCincinnati vt! be afzecbd,Silveriiniili5-w Tc&S"cvwSTsyiSir'UdAM4&The Frank HeJatjja Ca.kggL xJim.-v31!5itfWfTJr5i3fii.Xrrrv-'X.1S2S2Z.tJ.mmpmmmmmmm!ULWMm