- V-THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAR.Lm JTVOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1911.NUMBER 22Succumbed to Disease HeFought.-Dr. Edwaid P. Ashley, a noted bacteriologist, ;of New York! City, whohad made a fight against the entry ofcerebral spinal meninigtis into Nework port by immigrants, died Tuesday night a victim to the dreaded disuse.Just Opened aBarrel ofPUREdome-WadeBourbon County..SorghumDEATHS.Miss Mary Ann Kerslake, a sisterof Mr. Samuel Kerslake, of this city,and Mrs. E. K. Isaac, of New York,died on March 2, at Venn Tawstock,Devonshire, England. She was seventy-threeyears of age.Mrs. Martha Stout Branham, aged34 years.died at her home near Stamping Ground, Scott county, Mondayfrom the effects of injuries sustainedby a fall over two months ago.Stop That Cough."VINOL" will stop it and keep itj stopped.VARDEN & SON Sole Agents.BIRTHS.Logan HowardJBorn, on Tuesday, March 21, tothe wife of Thomas Bristow, of nearParis, a daughter.Seed Potatoes.Seed potatoes, all kinds of gardenseed in package or bulk and white oatseed just received. Both phones,tf LINKS' GROCERY.MATRIMONIAL.Mrs. Laura Lawrence and Mr.John Wells, both of Winchester, wereunited in marriage Wednesday afternoon at 4 o'clock at the residence ofMr. A. R. Denison, on South Mainstreet, & Elder Carey E. Morganofficiating.If my Goods are Not the Best I Sam deceived, and will thank $any of my Customers to tellmm. Mm Mmmmm. mmmmmm m3 mm. Mm mm. mm.X, mm- MW mmm,-. 4me 11 uiey ueieci a Mgii ui cminferior class or quality. KStandard Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per lb 123 lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 can 25Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Baby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25Matches, 3 boxes 10Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10Arbuckles Coffee, per lb 23Old Reliable Coffee, per lb 28Mackerel Fish, large size, 2 for 15Santee Syrup, 2-lb. can 2 for 15Lenox Soap, 8 bars ' .25Peas, Daisy Brand, 2 cans 15Peas, Early June, 3 cans 25Navy Beans, 3 quarts 22BIub Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30E!ue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234iSIfwItototototofwmmmmmmmmmlmmimmmmmmmWmmmmmWmmimmmmlmmmVmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm j1 $500 for a Name! 1SHeEderheimer, Stein"& Co., makers of the Young ffpfcMen's clothes we sell, want a name or brand for 3jguse in advertising them, and offer $500.00 in cash gpigfor the right one. fekEveryone is permitted to suggest as manynames as he or she wishes. Short, catchy names jgare preferred. Avoid names used by other makersto advertise clothing. MAs this great offer is made through, the stores jgggcoliinr fVipir o-nnrls. all suertrestions from people in 0m,11 this city must be brought to this stoje for us to g3IP forward to Ederheimer, Stein & Co. mmh.forward to Ederheimer, Stein & Co.This is a big opportunity. Don't miss it.ij$ Offer expires May 6th.Price & Co.,Clothiers.Let Us Show You Ederheimer-Stein Stylefor Young Men.Bourbon Circuit Court.Tuesday in Circuit Court the case ofthe Butley Tobacco Society againstthe Louisville & Nashville railroadcompany for damages in the sum of550,000 alleged to have been sustainedas a result of the fire which on November 31. 1910 destroyed tobacco of theplaintiff which was stored in warehouses in Millersburg. was entered into. The petition alleged that throughthe carelessness and negligence of thedefendant company in failing .to havetheir engines equipped with spark arresters or the negligent adjustment ofsaid spark arresters, if any was used,that a spark from a passing engine belonging to and operated by said company ignited the building in which avast quantity of tobacco was stored,causing the same to be entirely destroyed. Approximately 48.000 worthof tobacco was stored in the warehouses at the time.Col. Jonn R. Allen, of Lexington,R C. Talbott and Claude M. Thomas,of Paris, represented the plaintiffs,while Judge Louis JMcQuown, ofFrankfort, and E. Al. Dickson wereattorneys for the defendant company.Wednesday morning the plaintiffrested and the remainder of the day'ssession was taken up with .the evidence of the railroad company.Two large trunks and a wooden boxcontained the exhibit? for the plaintiff, while the defense resorted to theexact mesh or spark arrester used onthe engine, whose failure to work isalleged to have resulted in setting fireto the buliding in which the tobaccowas stored.At 3:30 o'clock Wednesday afternoonthe defense rested, and the Burley Tobacco Society, by way of rebuttal, introduced several witnesses as to thecustom of engines approaching Millersburg from Paris, under steam or"purring" as it is generally knuwn,after which the crurt instructed thejury. Judge Sandidge said that hewould allow each side two hours topresent arguments to the jury.Atfer the arguments were concludedyesterday afternoon the case wasgiven to the jury which after deliberating about an hour returned a verdictof $40,000 for the plaintiff.The caseb of James Vowel vs. theLouisville & Nashville railroad andOscar Herrin against Oscar Hedgeswere continued until the June term ofcourt.Yesterday afternoon the case ofJames McClure vs. J. D. McClintockwas called, and the selection of a Jjuryto try the case was begun. The caseis a $50,000 dampge suit for allegeaslander.2 The graDd jury made its final 'reportto the court yesterday morning apdwas discharged. Seventeen indictments were returned and bench warrants will be issued immediately andservice made upon those indicted before the list is given out for publication.Read This and Remember.If you want Crane's writing papers,the recognized standard of a century,"we've got 'em," at prices rangingfrom 25 cents to $1 per box; Kara linen 35 cents per pound.21 2t PARIS BOOK CO.WK-mHPmmmm,W W AT".. LT AmW flB. mU Wk mW-mm. A k W W mmW-. t. A. AT m mtC ITMHJPW IUWA Suit bought from us has to be right, or no sale. We have a morecomplete line this Spring than ever before for you to select from.Black and Tanfor theWell-DressedW ManYou must set the pace,Get in the Game,You will be a winnerm in one or ourito Spring Suits.XfaymmULlmk,Vtt Jtfto;22A &mmmmmmWa5kMyHats, Caps, Shirts,Sox,- Neckwear, Underwear,iraveimg rags iLUmbrellas, Canes,Rain Coats,Automobile Gloves,GuaranteedPatent LeatherandDr. Reed's Cushion5Sole Shoes.A customer satisfied to the extent of telling his friends about us is the bestadvertisement That's what our customers are doing.siMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.To Cooperate With Health OfficerAt the regular meeting of the CityCouncil last night Dr. A. H. Keller,the City Health Officer, addressed theBoard in an effort to enlist the co-operationof the Council and the membersof the police force in promoting thecleanliness of the city by a vigorouscampaign against alleged miscreants,who by certain practices are servingto spread disease within the city.Dr. Keller said that the publicdumps of the city and back yrdsthroughout the townwere reeking withfilth and concerted and immediateaction should be taken in order toavert the epidemic which now seen.simminent.The practice of hauling all refuse tothe public dumps, he said was doneafter nightfall, and the dump in thevicinity of the public school was themost frequented. The effect he saidwas very noticeable and that on a recent visit to the white school he notedmore than two hundred vacant seats,at direct result of the impurities emanating frcm the refuse, while on theother hand a visit to the colored schoolan hour later did not reveal a singleabsentee.Mayor Hinton ordered the membersof the police force to assist the HealthOfficer in an effort to detect the partyor parties guilty of such acts and ss-sui'Gd him of the hearty co-operationof the Council in his efforts to stampout the infectious diseases now prevalent in the city.The usual number of claimB wereallowed and building permits grantedas follows: Mary E. Anderson, hou3eon High street extension, to cost$2,3U0; W. C. Dodson, residence onCypress street, 300 ; G. C. Thompsor,residence with slat-e roof on Pleasantstreet to cost $3,(03.Warrants Issued Charge Bootlegging.Wanants were issued Wednesdayaftrenoon at Georgetown for sevenmen, five wh ite and two colored, onthe charge of bootlegging. Some ofthe men for whom the warrants weiesworn out are among the best knownmen in the city. Those arrested are :G. W. Lancaster, proprietor of ll eLancaster Hotel, and former CityTreasurer, and one of the wealthistmen in Georgtown; Eugene Stone, Virgil McKnight, Will Ingram andAndrew Fluk, and two negroes. JackSnores and Minor Lewis.The trial of the men has -been setfor this morning. The issuance of thewarrsnts caused a sensation in GeorgemmwmmMfflmm8&frmujLmiiiiuiifiiJijmmtMinimiuiHimnuiiiiHim Sa$$!&mmiimmmmLWnitWyVmmmmWL. I tfmmmJilrIII 1M Iff li 11In I iim I Am IFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns. sNow Showing aSplendid Line ofHigh-Gradeand Popular-PricedHATSFor Ladies, Misses and. Children.,A CompleteStock ofLadies' and MissesWoolenSuits, Dresses,Coats', Skirts,Silk and Wash Dresses,Silk and Wash Waists,Evening Capes and Coats.' -SLsZmmmmmmZ TE jUfi JiWlW VUUTv -T fw Y"Your Trade Solicited.FRANKf& CO.SimmunwnimrmuiwaiinmtmiHU LiiJiuMiiliUHHiiiiinimimMiwriiMfiiWHKiiiiHiWJHWrtwuiwMiumiwiliiC a JmfmWJmTi.lt.mmVT-i.MTPW IRM; I'mmWmV.mSkMlmmmfmt.mm !,.; ImmiwSSI5 flill11 brtWtomtmMmwmmwmxmwetown.rv3w5p f&rVfc wSm' wTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH. 24, 1911.I-&&&&&&&4?4i&ft&&&&&&ip&4i?4p&ilpi$?ijf&-GARDENBefore buying inspectgarden tools. We willT High Grade Spading ForksAll Steel RakesJ; Light & Heavy Garden HoesMarking and Onion Hoes? Firstclass handles for above tools always in-& stock.Lawn, Garden and FarmFencing. NeatDurable.Price and Quality Guaranteed.FORD &, CO.Paris, Ky.4 444" i4 4A Treat For AllfClasses Who Smoke.The Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff ofInI. .aBALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto: es, Corner Scvnth and Main and South MainWorking in'' yitf .1-AL. rrr5 fOv " .rv''Ht'!$miJj4r k1 V: -Js-;? f"vv -&Kiw- Al rr ' i J )lOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KerLt-LLOIfcr3Bourbon1D.WIS & FUNK, Props.m? Telephone No. 4.f0SttstilsmmMiT PSBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.our line of dependable ;save you money on4Strong and44An Idol Cigar in hisinouth forhis own delectation, a few inim Di-cj-i f ) r his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, all ye whoare 'fond of a goodj'smoko, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisOur Coffeewilltell you it is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smells.Rich, golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coffee fit fora king. Be good to yourselfand try a pound.the Gardenis a real pleasure if you tiavethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real se .'viceand to make work easy. Comeand get an-'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. Laundry!Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.TOOLS.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES. 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -fEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Foatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$2.00Payable inPossibilities for Political PlunderBy the decision of the United StatesSupreme Court in favor of the corporation tax, $25,000,000 was added to thenational revenue, and without thisamount there would now be deficit ofover $50,000,000. But the amount ofthe tax collected from the corporationsunder this law is of relatively smallimportance compared with its farreaching political effect. The courthas decided that the law does not provide for a tax on the property, but foran excise tax, or tax to do businessas a corporation. Thus the government i3 given the power to investigate, for the purpose of assessment,all the corporations of the countrythat have a net income of over .$5,000,the tax being one per cent of the netincome.The law gives the government forits'own purposes the right to publicity, regulation and control of all corporations of importance. It puts atthe disposal of the officials of the government the most important secrets ofthe corporations. In the hands of unscrupulous puliticans the law is apremium on political blackmail for artisan purposes. A secret collector ofcampain funds with the inmost secretsof the corporations in his possession,could bleed about every corporation inthe country, or expose their trade secrets to their competitors. Such apower is almost too great to grasp. Ifin the hands of the"right party" therewould be millions in it! Untold millions! The next secret Republican campaignfund from the corportions alone mayrival the enormous amount that Hannaspent in 1896 to elect McKinley. Thechairman of the Republican NationalCommittee need not know nothingabout the collections or disbursements.A secret and truthless agent of theoligarchy of the Republican party cancollect and the oligarchy can arrangefor the disbursements. "Additional,Division and Silence" will do the business as it has in other campaigns.News from Nippon.We have heretofore felt skeptical ofHalley's comet having much it anyeffect on the affairs of nations; but itnow appears that it has had a mustportentous effect on the Empire of Japan. A cable from Tokio says: "Thepopular party contemplates the impeachment of the gcvenraent on theground that the new American treatyis a distinct violation of the pledge ofhte Foreign Office in conference tothe complete recovery of the nationalrights."As soon as the details of the textof the treaty were made known in Japan the liberal party denounced themi. as being inimical to Japanese interestsand an insult to the people the nation. "At a dinner given by Dr. Hasega-wa an association was'jforraed with theobject of taking part in the agitation.At the dinner, at which Admiral Kimotsuki and other men prominent inpolitical and military circles werepresent, the new treaty was renouncedas being a culmination of the series ofdisasters left in the wake of Halley'scomet, and as being a disgrace to thehonor of Japan."O, illustrious sons of Nippon, beforeyou attempt to understand the deviousways ef Republican politicans youmust dismiss " your astrologers, fortheir business dees notwork well withthe politics over here.NO. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Deputy Shot by Two Girls Dies.Charles Smith, posseman, is dead atPikeville from wounds received fromthe hands of Bettie and Fannie Packett, sisters, 16 and 18, who fought offDeputy United States Marshal J. Martin Potter and his men at LineforkPike county, last week in engagement.The girls succeeded in releasing theirbrother whom the officers had arrested. He is yet at large.Many Reasons.There are many reasons why everyteacher in Kentucky should attend theAnnual Meeting of the Kentucky Educational Association at Ov-onosoro onJune 27, 28 and 29, 1911. J-or the bestcomposition written by a Kentuckian,containing not fewer than fifty normore than one hundred worus. on thesubjecat: "Why Should KentuckyTeachers attend the Owenstnro Meeting of the Kentucky Educanoml Association, " I will give the sum of$5.00 ; for the second best 53.00 and'thethird best $1.00. The compesition mustbe received by me not later than 12o'clock, noon, Thursday, April 20, 1911.The Board of Directors of the Association will act as judges. The namesof the winners and the compositionswill be published. Additional information will be given upon request.T. W. VINSON, Secretary.Frankfort, Kentucky.February 24, 1911.Sign Boards.It is not generally known that thereis a Kentucky law providing for theerection of sign boards at crossingsand forks in roads. The statue referred to is as follows:Sec. 4326, Kentucky Statutes.Sign Boards at Cioss Roads. Everyroad supervisor or overseer shall, whendirected by the countyjeourt, keep anindex erected at the fcrks or crossingsof all public road? in his district uponwhich shall be inscribed in plain letters the name of and distance to themost noted towns to which the roadsleads, the cost of which shall be paidas road expenses.His Duty.An important case was decided bythe Court of Appeals Thursday in thematter of Hunt's administratoragainst the Louisville and NashvilleRailroad Company from Rockcastle.Hunt was employed as a flagman andwhen his train was stopped for reasonsnow unknown, he was sent back tostop another train which was approaching. Instead of stopping thetrain and keeping out of the way of itas was his duty, he remained on thetrack and was run over and killed.The Court of Appeals in dismissing thecase says that it was not the duty ofthe railway company to send a guardalong with the flagman to keephim offthe tracks, as he was supposed to beable to take care of himself. TheRockcastle Circuit Court gave the administrator a verdict for $7,0U0damages against the railway company.A Dreadful Sightto H. J. Barnum, of Freeville, N. Y.,was the fever sore that had plaguedhis life for years in spite of manyremedies he tried. At last he usedBucklen7s Arnica Salve and wrote:"It has entirely healed with scarcelya scar left." Heals burns, boils, eczema, cuts, bruises, swellings, cornsand piles like magic. Only 25 centsat OberdorferTs.Kentucky Last to Respond.Kentucky 13 the last state in theUniun to accept the invitation extended by the War Department nearly twoweeks ago to select a number of military officers for observation and experience aervice with the "army maneuvers" on the Mexican frontier.After every other state had respondedwith a list of officers who were anxious to go to Texas and attend the military operations Kentucky came alongand presented a list of 53 officers forserviceThroe onlcers, who will constituteKentucky's quota in the first deatchment of national guard officers to besent to the front.It has been decided that the first detail will consist of 200 militia officers,apportioned among the several statesaccording to the strength of their militia organizations. No direction willbe given, however, for the officers toproceed to San Antonio until GeneralCarter, in command of the division,advises the department that he isready for them."Kentucky Not in On the Reserve.The state of Kentucky cannot participate in the $11,000,000 authorizedfor the establishment of an Appalachian forest reserve. Every other statein whi2h the land for the reserve issought has a statute enabling the federal government to hold land withinthe state, but Kentucky has no suchstatute'. This creates a peculiar situation and makes it impossible for Kentucky to participate in the benefits ofthe Appalachian forest reserve actpassed by Congress at the (recent sessoin unless Governor Willson calls thelegislature of Kentucky in special session to passman act conferring upon thefederaljgovernment the right to acquire and hold property in the state.Welcome Words to WomenWomen who suffer with disorders peculiar to theirsex should write to Dr. Pierce and receive free theadvice of a physician of over 40 years' experiencea skilled and successful specialist in the diseasesof women. Every letter of this sort has the mostcareful consideration and is regarded as sacredlyconfidential. Many sensitively modest women writefully to Dr. Pierce what they would shrink fromtelling to their local physician. The local physicianis pretty sure to say that he cannot do anythingwithout "an examination." Dr. Pierce holds thatthese distasteful examinations are generally needless, and that no woman, except in rare cases, should submit to them.Dr. Pierce's treatment will cure you right in the privacy ofyour own home. His "Favorite Prescription" has caredhundreds of thousands some of them the worst of casesIt is the only medicine of its kind that is the product of a regularly graduatedphysician. The only one good enough that its makers dare to print its everyingredient on its outside wrapper. There's no secrecy. It will bear examination. No alcohol and no habit-forming drugs are found in it. Some unscrupulous medicine dealers may offer you a substitute. Don't take it. Don't triflewith your health. Write to World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R.V . Pierce, President, Buffalo, N. Y,, take the advice received and be well.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHBALIER.BOTH'PHOIfES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.PWere you dissatisfied with yourlast Coal. TryBest the earth producesTand everyDodson &PARIS&9Qa&SZ3Ohas, 3. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.PARIS,Both 'Phones 14....DID YOU KNOW...That I Build All Kids ofFEATHERS?I DO. I also buy and pay more money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for all kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and Furs.BEEP HIDES. Until furtherjnotice'l will pay you from7 1-2 cents to 8 cents per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St., Phone 374 Paris, Ky.FREE REMEDY HELPS CHILDRENMany a mother has learned of away of avoiding sickness in her family, especially among- the children, bythe use of a free sample bottle of thefamous laxative, Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. This offer of the doctor's tosend a free sample bottle has been responded to by thousands of womenin all parts of America.Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is atruly wonderful laxative and especially adapted to the needs of babiesand children because it is pleasant totaste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is allthat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for thewhole family because it is .effectiveat all ages. It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should not be eiven to children under any circumstances.StrSEGr Ilump guaranteed, gDenton, KY. IKENTUCKY.Nine times out of ten when a childcomplains and you don't know exactly what is the matter with it, itneeds a laxative its bowels are constipated. Syrup Pepsin will correctthe trouble, tone up the child andsoon it will be well again wonderful results have been secured withSyrup Pepsin over night.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, thelatter being the family size, but youare invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address today and he will scudyou a free sample bottle direct toyour home. Then when satisfied buyit of your favorite druggistFor the free sample address him.Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding, Monticello, 111..gaJiujU-fc..L.H. .rr.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 24, 1911.wmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDBlooding Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen, Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andIts the first medicine that has Jone me much good.Good Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!ir.K4.F&firVTRE JQB ReOflBS-OFTHENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asW. T. Brooks, Agent.BEverything ForThe Chickens !Galvanized VarmentProof Coops.Galvanized WaterersandPeed Fountains.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Chick and Chicken Feeds.Grits and Oyster Shell.AlsoBest Grade Dairy Feed.Horse Feeds, Etc.Verkcs Renney,Paris, Ky.II WANT WORK !G. M. TURNER,CONTRACTORPainting, Graining and PaperHanging.All work neatly done and guaranteed. Address,-9 863 West Street, Paris, Ky.Reference Dr. A. H. Keller, Thos.Kiser.FOR SALE.One pair good work mules. Just thekind to push along that plowing.MRS. W. B. GRIFFITH,E. T. Phone 211. Paris, Ky.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 mch 3m E. T. phone 6515.m Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.UUUUUUMUS?For Sale Privately.I will sell privately my cottage onMt. Airy. This cottage is in good repair, has all modern improvements andis now rented to good paying tenant.Any one wishing to purchase can callon me at my business house on Mainstreet before March 25.MRS. M. PATON.Strayed or Stolen.From my place near Ruddles Millson Thursday, March 16, a bright baymare, five years old, nicp looking, snipon nose and white feet; foretop cut.Liberal reward if returned toMISS ELLEN TRABUE.Ruddles Mills.LOST.Music roll, last week between Parisand the Hume & Bedford ,'pike. Samecontained several sheets of music.Finder please leave at the BourbonNews office. 21 3tTHAT GOLDMINEBy M. QUADCopyright, 1910, by Associated Literary Press.NOTICETo Property OwnersAll property owners, or agents representing them, are hereby notified toput their premises in good sanitarycondition. All garbage of any kind,ash banks, manure heaps, cess pools,vaults, etc., must receive proper attention. Manure heaps are the incubators for the common house fly, agreat distributor of disease. Removethpm weekly.This notice will be reffective beginning March 13, 1911. ending March 31,1911, and upon the latter date a general inspection will 1 ejrin.By order of the RopM of Health.A. H KELLER.City Pnysician."Abner Day, you are an old fool IYou don't know enough to come inwhen It rains!"Abner Day, farmer, had heard thesewords hundreds of times in the fifteenyears since he had married the WidowWinters, and his reply had always beenthe same:"Waal, some folks are born that wayand can't help it."On a portion of Abner's farm was arange of hills. It was a limestoneridge, but there was a legend that goldhad been found there years beforea nugget of gold as big as a teacup.That legend never died. When othernews was scarce it was brought to thefront, and it was generally believed in.Abner's grandfather had meant to openthe hills some day in search of othernuggets. So had his father. So hadhe. The trouble was to find time.There were plowing aud dragging andplanting and hoeing and reaping, andhe never got a day to himself.The widow began to poke at him assoon as married, but it did no good.She would go on to tell how many tousof gold were probably hidden away inthose hills and how, if dug out, theycould have the clock cleaned, a newdoor to the shed and the cellar stairsrepaired."I'll get around to it some day,Sarah," he would reply."But why not tomorrow?'"Mebbe I can."But he didn't His farm work interfered. As he finished his morningmeal the wife would say:"Now, Abner, that gold mine today.You can dig half a ton of it as well asnot, and we need new flatirons and:i washboard.""Yes, I know."As the day passed and he sat downto supper she would ask:"Dig any gold today, Abner?""Nope. I had other things to see to."Of course the gold mine legend wasgossip for many miles around. Oncoa month at least some one came alongand wanted to dig on shares. Theywould see the wife first and she wouldreadily agree. All she wanted wasthat a lawyer should draw up theagreement so that it would hold water.' She had been cheated by a lightning rod man once and she didn't propose to be anybody's victim again.She kept a corner of the cellar cleanedout to store the gold in, but it wasnever used. The stranger would godown into the field and talk with Abner and after he had winded himselfhe would hear the farmer say:"These taters has got to be hoed, andyou come around some other time."'But don't you want to be a richman?""It would be kinder nice.""You could go to Europe.""Yaas.""You could build a fine house andhave your carriage and servants.""I see.""Perhaps 3'ou'd be elected governor.""Shoo.""And I'll have a lawyer draw up thecontract and bring it here tomorrow tobe signed. Digging will begin at once.Within a week""Yes, I know, but these taters"It was always so, and when Abnerscuffed up to the house at sundown itwas to find his wife in the sulks or Intears, and she generally ended upwith:"And if you don't go to digging thefirst thing in the morning I will."Think of it fifteen years of pokingand not a hole made in the hillside!The ex-widow must have been a patient, determined woman to stand itBut stand it she did. She would conquer or die. One day, after her manydisappointments, she fell ill. The doctor pronounced it typhoid fever, andshe became a very sick woman. Attimes wheu she was out of her headshe would babble about that goldmine. At length, to prevent furtherworry, the M. D. advised Abner to goto digging and ease the mind of thepatient"But I've got to plow out corn tomorrow," was protested."Never mind your corn. You get acouple of men and open those hills oryou'll soon be a widower.""Do 3'ou think it'll be safe to haveseveral tons of gold around?""Quite so. When I call again I wantto see you at work."In a lucid interval the patient wastold that digging was to begin. Shewas very ill, but she braced up enoughto say:"Tell Abner that if he finds any oldplow points or wagon tires mixed upwith the gold to throw 'era one side.He's an awfully careless man."Abner and his hired man dug anddug and dug. They dug here and theydug there, and people came for tenmiles around to see them throw outshovels of gold. But there was nogold. There was neither gold nor silver nor copper nor iron. There waslimestone, but nothing else nothingbut a petrified hickory ax handle.When this was found the patient hadpassed the crisis of her fever and wasmending. Abner was permitted to goto her bedside and exhibit his find."What is it?" she asked."A petrified ax handle.""Didn't you find the petrified axDlade to go with it?""Nope.""But why not?""Didn't dig long enough, I guess.""Abner Day, you are an old fool!You don't know enough to come in'.Then it rains 1"Jim Greggs Wins No. 1198Have Stood The Test.Tfettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. M'Willams,The Shoe Man.oOur I ine of Sterling Sil-ver is Very Complete. Iwedding gifts.RFIMFHIRFF? THIQI The "House of Quality" only car- 1ries the very best in Solid Silver- and we can give you anythingI from a teasnnon to a tea-set. RI SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.a i nc nousc or vuuiiy. AB Both Phones. IX mmmmamzimmmmmm ziwmmmmL. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT FEB. 2, 1910. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo.3413472910-1037ou123326-25!)138'3S53!)830321431FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5Lexington, Ky., Daily 3,Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7,Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except bunday 8Cincinnati, O., Dirily 9Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.Cincinnati, O., Daily 10Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3,Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3,Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6,Lexington, Ky., Daily ." 6Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.Cincinnati, O., Daily 10;Trains IDe-partamamianramanxamam.amiami10 anv50 am..10 pm,15 pm.,22 pm,25 pnx40 pnx,40 pm,20 am25 dux27 pnx,27 pm:40 pm.No. I TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.33 am4 Maysville, Ky., Dailj' Except Sunday 5.35 am11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 an7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am4o Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . S.20 am-10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S.20 ami29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.44 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.46 am-33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 anx6 Maysville, K., Daily 11.52 ami26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 anx25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.35 pm.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pn39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm.32 'Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.32 pm.13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.35 pm8 Maj'sville, Ky., Daily! Except Sunday 6.35 pnx30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.45 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.4S pm31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 p'mIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 tfrankforfc, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda 8.15anr4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Ecept Sunday 3.30 pnx.S Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.22 pm-162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.1U pmTrains 3De;partNo. TO161 Frankfoib.& Louisville, Sundav Only 7.i0,anv ,7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amT1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , . ..r. .9i45 bdk3 F ankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday s s. .-.... .5.55 amr-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 24, 1911IfifitiiIlThe key Refrigeratoris the Best thatMoney can buy.We guaranteeEvery one we sell.If it does not giveSatisfaction, weWill GladlyRefund theMoney.Go-CartsandSulkyAt Greatly ReducedPricesOOO 51ilKfo? ri VTKl mThis is anIce Saver anddoes notWaste IceCases made ofBest solid oak andAsh lumber.Removable IceRacks, RemovableDrain Pipe.Lined withMineral Wool.TermsLiberal !E. M. WHEELER,The New Better Value StoreCorner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingBOTH TELEPHONESiITobacco Barn and ContentsBurned.A tobacco barn belonging to Mr.I John Kiser, near Kiserton, was burnedj to the ground at an early hour Tuesday morning, and its 'contents, aboutfifteen thousand pounds of tobacco,the property of J. C. Keller and SamLinville, together with a quantity offarming implements belonging to theformer, were consumed by the flame,s That the fire was of incendiaryorigin is evidenced by the fact that ashort distance from the scene wereiouna tne prints ot Horses noois inthe earth and which were followed fcrsome distance along the road, andevidently ridden by the incendiary.Mr. Keller was awakened by fumesfrom the burning building and thebright light which streamed into hisbedroom. Arriving on the scene afew minutes later the entire structurewas a mass of flames. The residenceoccupied by J. N. Frye, a short distance away, was several times discovered to be on fire and but for theprompt action of the neighbors, whohad gathered, would have burned also.The loss on the barn is placed at$800 with $500 insuranc- and the farming implements are a total loss.The site en which the barn burnedhas been the scene of three fires in thepast trhee years. One residence andtwo tobacco barns have been destroyed in that period.Think Well of "Germany"Kaiser.President J. W. Bacon, of the ParisBase Ball Club, spent Monday andTuesday in Louisville, where he "waslooking over the recruits of the Colonels, with a view of taking over a fewof those who will in all probability belet out before the week is ended.The main object of PresidentBacon's visit was to effect an agreement with Owner Grayson and Manager Del Howard, oy which if "Germany" Kaiser, the former Bourbonite,was to be let out by the LousviilleClub, Paris could secure his servicesfor the coming season. Kaiser, however, has made such a remarkableshowing during the practice game ofthe past two iweeks, that it is morethan probable he will fall for a regular berth with the Colonels.Owner Grayson informed Mr. Baccnthat in event the work of any of theother recruits overshadowed that ofKaiser, there were other clubs in theAssociation that would jump at thechance to secure the "Flying Dutchman" and in his opinion he was farabove the reach of the minors.Thb many friends of Kaiser in thiscity will be pleased to learn that theLouisville management think so wellof him and that he is making such arapid upward Btride.Mt. Sterling Court.Monday was court day in Mt. Sterling and there were about threeethousand cattte on the market. Priceswere stiff and the stock that soldbrought good prices. Heifers sold atfrom 4 to 5 cents ; cows, 4 to 42 : oldcows and rough oxen, 2 to 3 cents. E.K. Thomas, of Bourbon.bought 21 725pound cows ot John Baker at 4 centsper pound. Ckas GofF purchased a1,000 pound bull of Sam Wheeler at 42cents, also four J, 150 pound oxen ofTim Wilson at 51 cents. Wm. Whaleybought 50 cows and heifers at pricesranging from 3& to 5 cents. Plenty ofmules on the market and a good manysold at prices ranging from $125 to$250 per head. One pair of extraheavy mules sold at $550.modern and ilP'toDattDenial Parlors,main Stmt, Paris, Kentucky,PARLORS OVER VARDEN'SDRUG STORERemove Your Hogs and Pigs.Kindly remove your hogs and pigsfrom the city limits by April 1, 1911.By order of Health Board.A. H. KELLER,24 2t City Physician.Racing Commission Called forToday.Col. E. P. Clay, chairman of theKentucky Racing Commission, has called a meeting of the commission to beheld in Lexington today. The chiefpurpose of the meeting, it is understood, will be to issue licenses to owners, trainers and jockeys preliminaryto opening the racing season in Kentucky, but a number of changes in therules ire also pending, which mav beacted on.We Will Start April 3.The only way to get the dirt. Thebig wagon will start getting it April3. Orders booked rfow. Phones 1U7.DAVIS & SNYDER.I invite you and your friends to visitmy parlors and have your teth examined free of charge. Will tell youjust what your work will cost, andcan assure you prompt and courteoustreatment at all times. I use the bestof material and do all my own work.Ask yoar neighbor about me, I havedone work for some of them, as Ihave practiced here for over fouryears.In order to increase my businessand introduce my PAINLESS METHODS into every house in Pans andsurrounding countrj, I will, for alimited time, make the followingprices:Examination FreeExtracting , .50cCleaning 1.00Gold Fillings, from $1.00 to.Silver Fillings, from 60c to.Full Set of Teeth (to Fit)Gold Crown (22 K)Porcelain CrownsBridge WorkAbove Prices Are For CashAll Work Guaranteed.S.OO12 .OO$5Only.OFFICE HOURS:IWe'll gladly arrange terms of payment to suit you on whatever Furniture and Housefurnishings you may need.This little payment plan of ours makes the furnishing of your homereadily possible.It's the way to solve your home-furnishing problem.Colored People to Give Entertainment.Rehearsals have been in progressfor the past ten weeks for a oratoriothat is to be given by the coloredpeople at the St. Paul MethodistEpiscopal church on Monday evening,March 27, at eight o'clock. Some ofthe best musical talent among thecolored people has been employed andthe oratorio, the title of which is"Saul, King of Israel," promises tobe a grand success. A number ofwhite people have purchased tickets.The admission price is 25 cents.For Nervous Women."VINOL" for frail nervous women.Builds you up and makes you strong.VARDEN & SON, Sole Agents.Eye Painfully Injured.Frank Pindle, a carpenter, met withI a painiul accident Monday while asis-i sting Contractor Hagan in the con-; struction of a barn on the farm of Mr.' Ed Rice, near North Middletown.Mr. Pindle was driving a nail and aI piece of the had struck him in theleft eye, penetrating the eyeball. Dr.Gilkey, of North Middletown, extract-1 ed the silver and dressed the wound.Mr. Pindle suffered great pain fromJ the injury and went to LexingtonTuesday where he consulted a specialist.JHP xtm" fjMrjf SB1 tffiffifyfommmliair Goods,The 'inn rf Curtis & Overby has se-curni the at,cnry for a Columbus firmfor tou rets,- wits and hair goods of alldescriptions. The prices on wijjs andI toupees range from $15 up. 10 tfRead the Advertisement.1 The advertisement of Dr. .1. M., Lacock, the dentist, appears in thisissue to which attention is directed.Read the advertisement and pro'fin byhis liberal offer.Notice.Some persons or persons, unknownto the authorities, are dumping allmanner uf refuse material in variousparts of the city. This is a positivedetriment to the health, and must bestopped at one.By order of the Board of Health.27 3t A. H. KELLER,City Phyisian.Sunday Closing of Postoilices.The following from Washington, ifcarried into effect, will probably affectthe Paris office:"Sunday work in postoflices throughout the country is to be discontinuedso far as consistent with the facilitation of the transmission of mail.'lt is not proposed to close important postoflices entirely on Sundays.Certain work to prevent congestion 'and delay of mails must be done.Mails will be received and dispatchedas heretofore and arrangements willbe made for a limited delivery trhoughthe general delivery windows and thadistribution of mail to boxe will becontinued. Special delivery letterswill be delivered and patrons of anyoffice will be afforded the privilege oihaving their mail delivered on Sundays by depositing the required fee forspecial delivery service."Postmaster General Hitchcock today issued instructions designed tocarry into effect these ideas, and toafford employes of the postal serviceone day's rest in seven."8 a. m. to G p. m. Sundays i) to 12.DR. J. M. LACOCKOffice over Varden's Drug Store.Cub this ad. out and bring it withyou and get advantage of aboveprices, and have work done by anexperienced dentist.Forced to Leave Home.Every year a large number of poorsufferers, whose lungs are sore andracked with coughs, are urged to goto another climate. But this is costly and not always sure. ThereJs abetter way. Let Dr. King's New Discovery cure you at home. "It curedme of long trouble," writes W. R.Nelson, of Calamine, Ark., "when allelse failed and I gained 47 pounds inweight. Its surely the king of allcough and lung cures." Thousandsowe their lives and health to it. It'spositively guaranteed for coughscolds, lagrippe, asthma, croup ailthroat and lung troubles. 50c and $1.Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.Insure with W. O. liinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfHow Carlyle Kept Warm.Sir Francis Galton met Carlyletwice. On the first occasion, he saysCr.ivi' uiprised him by his "unex-,.-uitsdlycourteous, even polished,,manner; but he became more like hisordinary self later on. On the secondoccasion he seemed to me the greatest bore that a country house couldtolerate." liut Carlyle amused him bygravely hopping up and down in order to keep warm. Galton was thonly man who over got Herbert Spencer to tho Derby. Spencer said thatLhe crowd of men on the grass lookedlike flies on a phite and that theDerby v. as just like what he expectedIt to be.I mSmSA Nice Kitchen Cabinet isWhat You Want, $8.75Solid OakRockerJust Like Cut.L L" 'i :BT7TJWAWi VMVery Low Priceson Brass and IronBeds$1.75 up to $32.00.Old Stamps Wanted.I Cash paid for old stamps. Look overyour old correspondence from 1840 to1 1875. Also want Confederate stampsand stamp collections for cash.I JOHN STUART,E. T. Phone 203.STRAIN TOO GREAT.Hundreds of Paris Readers FindDaily Toil a Burden.hustle andworkworry of businessand stooping ofkid-A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Third Sts.CHLS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseParis, KentuckyJThemen.The hardworkmen,The woman's household care?,Are too great a strain on theneys.Backache, headache, dizziness.Kidney troubUs, urinary troublesfollow.Read the following and learn how toavoid them.Jos'ph Fight, W. Pleasant street,Cynthiara, Ky, says: "My work asa blacksmith weakened my kidneys.I suffered severely and when Doan'Kidney Plils were brought to my attention, I procured a box. Thnir beneficial effect was noticeable from thefirst and in a short time every ?ympthom of my trouble was disposed of."For sale by all dealers. Price. 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Judged by HisShoesTKe successful man wears The Stetson Shoebecause it stamps him as a man of prosperityand good taste.The Strut is one of the latest Stetson creations. Stetson artists have built into this shoethe smartness and satisfaction that are theyoung man's delight.It costs more by the pair to bewell-shod in Stetson Shoesbut try them for a year -inthe end they are cheaper.Mitchell & Blakemore' Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year."PUBLIC SALEOP A....Desirable City Residence...On Wednesday, March 29th, 1911,at 2 pm., on the Premises on Houston Avenue, inParis, Ky., I Will Sell at Public Auction,without reserve or by-bid. my residence, which is a modern two-storrbuilding, containing six rooms, hall, two porches, pantrv, five presses andbath with sewer connection. This is a new house, nicely finished and hasthree cabinet mantels, electric light and water. Concrete foundation withcellar 7j4 feet in the clear under entire house. .Lot ."iOxloO with concretewalks, shade trees and barn with space for two stalls and vehicle.This is a very desirable and convenient home, centrally located, in asplendid neighborhood and within a few yards of the public school.Prospective buyers are invited to inspect the premises. Don't forget thadrte and come out and buy a nice home.Terms liberal and made known on day of sale.r. L. WALKER.For further information apply to Harris & Speakes, Real Esfcate Dealers, Paris, Ky. s - .Col. Geo. D. bpeakes, Auctioneer.fi&7VjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 24, 1911.jeMaryijuiiJtiiV" rffU HO'JRBON NEWS. I personal mention.iwmtofe?t4&. !rmr0 - " - --AFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE f IMFBUSI-CALLED MEETING OfNESS MEN.- Ail business men who areinterested in the welfare ofihe city of Paris are requested to meet in the county courtroom at the court house Mon-i Rbecca Hughesday afternoon, March 27, at5 o'clock. There will be numerous subjects to be discussed at this meeting and allpersons who have the interest of the city at heart shouldattend the meeting.The Best.Have your papering done by competent decorators. We employ none butthe btst. Our stock is the largest inCer.t al Kentucky to select iron?. Seeour line uf baby buggies and go-carts.Only the best makes andlcd.J. T. HINTON.New Store Front.The Fair Store is being improved bythe addition of a new front. The oldJmnt nas been torn out and new showvjn&3ws will be put in.Mr. William Taylor is in Martinsville, Ind , for a short stsy.is visiting relatives in this city.Mrs. J. C. Freeman is in Martinsville, Ind., for a two weeks' stay.j Miss Mattie Dudley, of Carlisle, isI the guest of Vlrs. W. H. Harris.Miss Martha Kaye Hughes willpsena tne weeK-ena witn inencis inMidway.i Mrs. J. D. Allen, of Carlisle, isthe guest of Mrs. Elizabeth Dundon,I in this city.I Capt. and Mrs. Ed Taylor, of Lexington, were guests this week of Mrs.Mayor J. T. Hintpn returned Wednesday night after a" weeks' sojournat Martinsville, Ind.Miss Carrie- Heller is ill at herhome on Sssnnd street with a slightattack of pneumonia.Mr. W. T. Overby. of Cincinnati,was the gusst Tuesday of his daughter, Miss Hazel Overby.Mrs. W. F. Talbott, who is undertreatment at the St. Joseph Hospital,in Lexington, is improving.Miss Mary Callahan has returnedto her home in Ludlow after a visit toMr. and Mrs. M. H. H. Davis.Miss Flossie Staggs, of Vance-burg, wro has been the cupst of herGave Birth to Fifteen Children..The'most remarkable record to become a part of the vital statistics ofTrimble county was made public yesterday by J. E. Kay, a traveling manwho has been in Paris several daysand whose home is in Milton, Ky.Mr. Hay received a letter fro:n a relative in Milton stating that Mrs.Chas. Dolby, of that place, this weekgave birth to fifteen children. Thebabies were from three to four inchpsin length, perfectly formed, andthough minute in size were well developed. None of the children lived.We Get The Dirt.Book your orders now to get the dirt.DAVIS & SNYDER,Phones 137.Residence Sold.2 The residence of Mr. Joseph Houston en South Main street was sold atpublic auction yesterday to Mr. LouisMussinon for $1,723. The real estatefirm of Harris & Speakes conductedthe sale.The Great North Star.As usual this great refrigerator isto the front andgnead of all would-becompetitors. The Government'schoice absolutely the beat refrigerator made. Guaranteed. A big stocknow on hand.J. T. HINTON.Cut to Pieces on a Saw.While working at a sawmill on BigRun npnf Miujp'r mill. Flpminc pnnri-sister. Mrs. M. J. Heller, has returned ' ty. Charles Dugan, aged 22. fell on asaw, cutting his left lung in two andQueen Quality Shoes.A full line of Queen Quality shoesar.d oxfords can be found at our store.SIMON DEPT. STOKE.Box Supper.The ladies of the Bethlehem churchwill give a box supper at the churchtomorrow night, March 23, the pro-tc-eiisof which vill go to the church.Rugs at Reduced Prices.Large Axminster rugs, floor size,f',r $18.75 during A. P. Wheeler'sThree weeks' March Sale. 3 tfhome:Contract Let for Residences.George B. M inter & Son have secured the contract for the erection of ahandsome frame residence for Dr.Wm. K. Dudley on his 1 ot on Seventhstreet.Tobacco Cotton at Cost.All our tobacco cotton at cost thisweek. Big stock to close out.SIMON DEPT. STOKE.New Pulls.Call in, during the openings, thisweek, and inspect my new hair goods,etc New puffs.MRS. M. A. PATON.Buys Draft Team."Mr. Thomas Buckner, of Bourbon,Tfceived this week from Kenton, Ohio,a team of registered Percherjn mares.The combined weight of the mares is",350 pounds and they are aged threesnd five years. Mr. Buckner will usethem on the farm.Letter Files,Try one of the Paris Letter Files : ijjet it from the ,PARIS BOOK CO. IMrs. Thomas Fitzgerald has returned to her home in Winchesterafter a visit to Mr3. J. W. Porterin this city.Miss Katherine Davis, who hasbeen the guest of Mrs. Bailev Berry,in Lexington, returned to her home inthis city Wednesday.Mrs. Joseph LeBus, uf Cynthiana,will arrive tomorrow for a visit ofseveral days to her sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Clay in this city.Mrs Clarence Lebus and son, Frazier, and Mr. andj Mrs. Witherpsoon,of Lexington, were the guests yesterday of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall.Mrs. Thompson Tarr was theguest Wednesday of Mrs, Jennie Hanson Helm, in Lexington and attended a luncheon given by Mrs.Helm.Mrs. I. L. Price and Mr. Wm.Shire attended the celebration of thethirtieth anniversary of the marriageof Mr. and Mrs. Simon Weil in Lexington Tuesday evening.Mrs. S. M. Smith, who wasoperated on at Christ Hospital. Cincinnati, last Thursday is improvingrapidly and will soon be able lo returnto Paris.Miss Mae Thomas, who has beenthe guest for two weeks of Mr. andMrs. Homer Kiser, returned to herhome in Richmond yesterday, accompanied by Mrs. Kiser, who will be herguest for several days.Misses Hannah Ferguson, of Lexington. Elizaoeth Steele and MarthaFerguson, of the county, compose ahouse party that is being entertainedby Mrs. Joseph M. Hall, at her homeon Duncan avenue.lacerating several ribs.. Death rresult5ed from the injury after horrible suffering. Have Your Hair Dressed.While attending the openings, thisweek, call at my Beauty Parlorsand have your hair dressea.MRS. M. A. PATON.FuturityNominationsdlers.for SadThe Saddle an! Show Horse Chronicle, recently established at Lexingtonby Herbert J. Crum, published in itsissue last week the nominations to thestallion division of of the Saddle HorseFuturity, which closed to entries onWednesday, March 15. Seventy-fivestallions are represented. The Futurity is a joint stalilon and mare stakeand only the produce of nominatedmaresby nominated stallions are eligible. The following Bourbon countyhorsemen have made entries :Bourbon King 1788 A. G. Jones,North Middletown; ch h, 1900,by Bourbon Chief 976.Roosevelt 2293 Collins & Redmon,North Middletown ; b h 1904, by Bourbon King 1788.King Chieftian 2846 S. C. Carpenter, Millersburg ; ch h, 1904, by Bourbon Chief 976.Barbee's King 2898 J. F. Barbee.Millersburg; ch h, 1907, by BouibonKing 1788.Emeraldine Reynolds Letton, Paris ;ch h, by Bourbon Chief.Marvel King W. M. & A. G. Jones,North Middletown ch h, by BourbonChief.King of Bourbon 2822 Redmon &Talbott, Pars; b h, 1905, by BourbonKing 1788.Hungarians Pass Through Paris.One hunred and twenty-five Hungarian laborers in a epeciaJ coach attached to the South Atlantic Limitedpassed through Paris yesterday mornnsr. The laborers, who were fromChicago, will be employed in the Jcon-truction of the L. & j. extension.Attorneys R. G. Kern, of Mt.Sterling. Field McLeod. of Versailles,and Ln Humphrey, or Louisville, are i 21 2there attending the Bourbon Circuit)Court. The two latter are attorneysin the damage suit of James McClure ivs. J. v. AlCUlintOCK.Garden Seeds.ah Kinns or garaen seeas uotn inpackage and bulk. Best seed potatoeson the market. Prices right.T. LENIHAN.RELIGIOUS.The Cynthiana Democrat says:"Rev. and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard, whohave spent the winter in Denver, Col.,I leave today on their way home. They1 will stop for several days with Mrs.. Georgia Griffith at Kansas City, Mo.,and nerhaDs a few davs in Cincinnati.Refrigerators. j expecting to reach Paris next Thurs-The sprimr showing of refrigerators ' day. ,lhey will make Paris theirduring our March Sale will be one of ' nmejiaer carey ta. morgan win ne inhis pulpit at the Christian church Sunday morning and evening at the usualhours.Kev. ur. i;. m. binve win ne inhis pulpit at the Presbyterian churchSunday morning and evening at theusual hours.Sole Agent.Mr. and Mrs. George B. Alexander entertained with a dance at ElksHall Wednesday afternoon in honor ofthe birthday of their little daughter,Eliazbeth Clay Alexander. The hourswere from 3 to 6. Refreshments consisting of ices, cakes and bon bonswere served. Those present were :Mssps Elizabeth Renick, Elizabeththe feature and the reduced prices willmake them more attractive.: tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Buys Frankfort Property.Dr. D. S. Henry, of this city, haspurchased a tract of fourteen and onehalf acres of land within the city ofFrankfort, which will be divided intobuilding lots and which will be disposed of at public auction at an earlydate. The tract was purchased fromthe Crutcher heirs.Flower and Garden Seeds.Best lines of garden and fiower seedsboth in bulk and package. Fine lot of j Elizabeth Clay Alexander,sweet neas and serd notatoes. Edward Fithian, William-4 -it LAYIN & CONNELL."VINOL," our delicious cod liverpreparation. Creates strength.VARDEN & SON, Scle AgentsFOR RENT.NOTICEParis Firm Gets Contract.J. II. Orr & Co., of this city, railroad contractors, have secured thecontract for thp corstruction of a 's-hort spur of railroad known as the ,Cannon & Northern, a part of the B. i1:0. system, on the Mononghehrla triver out of Pitteburg. Pa. The roadwill he four miles long and will costapproximately $70,000. Mr. A. D. ,Store, a member of the firm and amil enigneer, will assist in the work. 'Four room house. lare& barn :r.clBrown, j.atsy ulark, Catherine Marsh, i othertouthouses. together with aboutMarion Moo-e. Anna Wilson, Kather- five acres of ground in the city limits,ine Wilson, Alice Rogers Clay, Charita 'Apply toBall. Eleanor Clay, Anna Louise' fp. P. WOODSWhite. Hattie Hill O'Neill. Mary 24 tf or GEO. RASSENFOSS.Adams Clark, Alary Kenney weoDer, ,Elizabeth Tarr, Marion Alexander andMessrs. JMoore,Rogers Mocre, John T. Vansant, DukeHrown. Coleman Renick. Edgar Van- ,; Isant, Douglas Clay, John Clay, Cas-sius Clay, George White Fithian. Ed-, The Health Board is making everyward Myall. Turner Clay, Forrest Let- efvort to COI,trol epidemic diseases inton, Miller Ward, Sam Clay Ward. Paris and with the intelligent assis-iJames Thompson. Archie Woodford,., tance of the community will do so. ItWalter Kenney and Richard Stoll and i cannot be done, however, if children'Gordon Higgins of Lexington. j are permitted to run at will from in-.! ftcted homes lawfully quarantined.Bnnls Rorfoinc i "ere is ine iaw set. junn in tne lastReed in Gubernatorial Race.In a statement given out. Tuesdaynight formally announcing himself inthe race for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Kentucky, JudgeWilliam M. Reed, of Padncab, says hewill urge the holding of a conventionto draft a platform for the party inthe fall race.Brusseils Rugs.During A. F. Wheeler's March Sale9x12 Brusseils Rugs will be offered foriONE MINUTE,PLEASE !$13.75.3 tfNew Life.getnew life fromOld people"VINOL."VARDEN & SON, Sole Agents.151jHJrItII 9Never have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearinof is believinof.Comein anyobligation-time noYictrela X - f$75.O0The latest modeour Showon exhibition inWindow.Daugberty BrosIf you are in need of a Silk Dress, a WoofDress, or a dress of any sort, we have thematerial you are looking for, and the dresstrimmings to suit. We have made big preparations andcan please you. Now is thetime to make, your selections. gggggpWhen you are ready for your Lace Curtains or Draperies, bearjin mind our stock is c.the largest tn Paris.Come take a look !W. Ed. Tucker.I.FEESCut RateCash Specialsii25cBURNETT'S VANILLA-The highest gradepacked, regular 30c bottles, our price perbottleIMPORTED; PINEAPPLE Extra selectedsliced Singapore Pineapple, packed by Chas.Howe & Co. Others charge! 25, ourj price....BLACKBERRY JAM Absolutely pure.JNothinglfine made. Our Price, per lb.....II20c IIL.-121cFEESIITHE NORTH STARRefrigeratornThe Best That Ismade and sold toyou under a anabsolute guaranteeoCorked Lined.T mm .iiCases made inbest Solid Oak.Not imitation.Removable Ice Racks.Removable Drain Pipes.Cork Lined.To Dairymen.The law requires your herds to beinspected, at least twice during theyear. Note this, please, and have itdone at once.By order of Health Board.A. H. KELLER.24 2t City Physician.Sanitary Cleaning.report of the State1 for 190S and for 1909All books in our Circulating Library j "Rule 30 No parent, guardian ori will be sold this week at a sacrifice. I other person having charge or controlCome early and get your pick. All .of , 0f any child or children shall allow orthem are standard fiction.21 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Special Picture at the Comet.It must be a godsend to the goodhousewife when she can sit on tnefrnnf nnrrh nrH hsvp hor house clean-....... ,.--. .. .. - I - -". I HTed from top to bottom within a few change several weeus ago managerhours, and by a sanitary method at a i Porter was enabled to get it for tomorfar cheaper rate than any other way. row only, and no one in Paris shouldMatf-rosRPs. nillows. dranenes. bank- . miss trie opportunity ot j-eeiim ji.' permit and such child or children togo from any house or huilding infectedwith scarlet fever, diphtheria, small! pox, measles, whooping cough, cholera 'or other contagious or infectious diseases dangerous to public health, toFor tomorrow, Saturday, the JComet t attend any public or private school. 'Theatre will present a special picture "Rule ol No person shall be admitentitled "A Dixie Mother." This ted into any public or private schoolpicture has caused tne wutest com . who mqy recently have been affectedThe North Star is an Ice Saver. A cheap refrigerator wastes enoughice in a year to nearly buy a refrigerator. The North Star is approved bythe U. S. Government. Do you know of another that is? The North Star isnot lined with pulverized charcoal and rags, called mineral wool. The NorthStar is Corked Lined. Cork is the best non,canductor. The North Staris a health preserver.THENORTHSTARIS THEBEST.If you want cheaperones we have them,but buy the best.NOW is the time to buy WALL PAPER.ment 'wherever exhibited, and is inconstant demand all over the country.Rv makinir" amplication to the film ex-with smallpox, scarlet fever, diphtheria, cholera, whooping cough,measles, or other contagious or infectious diseases dangerous to publichealth, nor from ary of the disea-esnamed until 21 days after complete recovery, anu wunout nrst prfsenting aFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36.t'. upholstered furniture, carpets, By special request of the patrons of certificate signed by a legally register-ton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B.Nijrht and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hin-Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.,t ...,o.e ohooliifolv p Pjinpri without thp. Comet tne neautliui picture uiuiLi-inaking one little speck of dust. No d "Sunshine in Poverty Row" will bemore moth, it kills tthem; out. Then , again produced one day during thema roa vrwx-r mann rpmnve an Lilt: ' dimnm weetv. uuc nuuv.- "- .. "...:ucr make it look like new. In factve clean everything except the washiivr of your wood work and windows.Will start April 3. Orders taken now.PhrsS37., DAVIS &SNYDER.be given. On account or tne inclement weather the day it was shownlast week a large number of persons'vere unable to see it, and it wasthrough request? of a number of thospthat it" will aain be produced.ea pnysician mat an danger or communicating such disease is past."Will you not then remain in quarantine and assist in doing away withthese troubles. It is the duty of yourphysician to notify yt u when yourhomes are ready for disinfection.Order of Ihe H- aMh Board.A. H. KELiaER, City Physician.at smmmamm inwiiii twwiim i'.1 hi wsmsrr. tatVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 24, 1911.fMti.!iiwIfKhnIfIfu:iProfessional CardsHarry E; Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.0. 3. Determau,BRICKCONTRACTORJlfink EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglOtfEast Tenn. Phone 669See me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE: See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.J J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.jtoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones fResidence g'0e3.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyOffers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.Local Firm Will ContinueValuable Agency.W. T. Brooks, of this city, has justclosed a deal whereby he will continue to be agent for ZEMO the wellknown remedy for Eczema, Dandruffand all diseases of the skin and scalp.The extraordinars leap thHC thisclean liquid external treatment forskin affections has made into publicfavor in the last few years proves itswonderful cnrative properties andmakes it indee a valuable additionto the fine stock of remedial agentscarried by W. T. Brooks' drug store.They have a limited supply of samples. One of which will be given freeto any skin sufferer who wishes totest the merit of the medicine. Abooklet ''How to Preserve the Skin,"will also be given to those interested.A Modern Family."Where is the cook?" "She's in thekitchen preparing supper for the doctor's wife, dinner for the doctor, andbreakfast for the students." Plietende Blaetten.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,T Successors to Carl Crawford3 Oliairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.John WhiteLOUISVILLE, KYEstablished IS 37HIghestmarkelpricepald yyZ FURSand HIDES.WOOLI COMMISSIONC0.avRrJfM rS.TW JVmzmmM; t.B$M&8r.-".tWSSXWSiOk. 5 5rV? SSX WP SFI I BAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS, 4SH NGLES, POSTS, WSSSHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD AND tsun turtL,AGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing.DID YOU MISCALCULATEON YOUR WINTER'S SUPPLY OF COAL?WILL YOU NEED A LITTLE MOREin onrrv vnn thrnntrh't Tn sn spnrl in thf nlnrml Thf hnrnpi5 hnntrsj j wU... .. w-, ... ...... ........... w - rJH over our teams ready to drop into place. Jj TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.iBNo Need to Stop Work.When your doctor orders you tostop work it staggers you. "I can't,"you say. You know you are weak,run-down and failing in health, dayby day, but you must work as long asyou can stand. What you need isElectric Bitters to give tone, strengthand vigor to your system, to preventbreak down and build you up. Don'tbe weak, sickly or ailing when Electric Bitters will benefit you from thefirst dose. Thousands bless them fortheir glorious health and strength.Try them. Every bottle is guaranteed to satisfy. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.Butting In.The adopted word "debut" is fromthe French. It means butting In, and,adds the Louisville Courier-Journal,paying entrance fees that are oftendisproportionate to the rewards of arrival.mTKm ORIGINALITYSBMMBfPSpring is Here." One thing that convinces us thatspring is at hand is the iish and snakestories that are appearing in our exchanges. They do not differ materially from those of former years except that locations are changea.New Swimming Machine.Providing a cork jacket, whichkeeps Its weaker upright in the water,with a propeller driven by two cranks,& New Yorker has Invented a devicewhich Is a variation from most stylesof swimming machines.y-F-01 BP"-4BBBBVM m.3ffiHrfr'3H0ONEROPVardenXSonLet us fill yourPrescriptions,pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.Druggist,K A Good Thing to &Remember.Special Low PricesNow onTOBACCO COTTON. 1mTWIN BROS.. 1mTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyI TT f .T ISUCCESSORS TOH0LLIBAY dc SETTLECarriage and Repair shod at Paris, Ky.,?LInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.J,and SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are DisplayedIn Our Work.An inflichhutlily didiiiyuidics our Johh-mcuts from all otlwr. while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.down the throat of a "gapey"chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinkinff waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chickdiseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Ask for free booklet on"Diseases of Fowls."For Sale by W. T. Brooks.oct'JaugEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber M'f'q Combanv,PARIS, KY.IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.NONE BETTER.NONE CHEAPER. .-.-? i WuWm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.mmmmmmmmmiiseasTHE E.M.F "FORE DOOR CAR'f&fSxrxmv&Mxmtw.w.i&wwWvrAWlCSBP,5JB&BOsSFmmx:AWX'mrAwrxIxWxSpring Announcement.We wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Benjamine'sFine Suits range in prices from$20 to $35Exuals the finest tailor made.Twin BrosiLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.mmaznTjipti-- - - -zvv, ""jljV f "The Latest Production of the "E. M. R"Factory, for Sale byBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Ml ir.-r. 4n- arT.i4KiffVCIOT..V v : ri vwjiJmsI.. , -i u.. --SA JRBuR0isSd(SS3HilSJ -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 24, 191'JBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucusj atches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. -(BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healouickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire body.nto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggis s or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with dfrections for home cure. Samplesi-enfc free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.OVER 65 YEARS'IENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights 4c.Anyone pending a phctrh and description mayfjnlcwly ascertain our opinion free whether anuvention is probably patentable. Communlca.: loin p! rictly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentstent tree. Oldest acency for securing patents.Patents taken throuch Munn & Co. receiverjweial notice, without charge, inthoScientific American.A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Lanrcst lrr illation of any scientific journal. Terms, ?3 ayear: Jour months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.MUNN & Co.8" New YorkBranch Office. 625 F SU Washington. D. C.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Fruit and ShadeTrees Strawberry Plants,Asparagus, Blackberries, Raspberries, Roses, Rhubarb, Etc.Write for Free Catalogue. WeHave no Agents.H.F. HILLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.uiuiajEndures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building. Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.y-SbTjmv?Ls?--?-& -yiBEXPERijjTjraOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The 'Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Come Watson Baird"I had been givenup to die by threeof our best doctors,I could not stand it to be on myfeet and I was so swelled in theabdomen I.could hardly breathe.But thanks to Dr. Miles' HeartRemedy and Nervine I am able tobe about the streets, a walking advertisement of the curative qualities of your remedies, although Iam 70 years old."John R. Cochran,Lewistown, 111.Better than any statement wecould make regarding the value ofDr. Miles' Heart Remedyare these words of Mr. Cochran.He speaks from experience, thehighest possible source of knowledge. If you have any of thesigns of a weak heart, such aspain in the left shoulder or arm,fainting and hungry spells, shortness of breath, smothering spells,fluttering or palpitation of the heart,you needDr. Miles' Heart Remedywhich for over twenty years hasbeen recognized as the best preparation of its kind to be had.Sold under a guarantee assuring thereturn of the price of the first bottle if itfails to benefit. AT ALL DRUGGISTS.MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, lnd.'MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a Specialty ofHauling Tobacco.Up-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.NOTICE,Jordan Richardson, who was convicted of selling liquor without a licenseon Sunday in the Bourbon CountyCourt at its January term will askthe Governor for pardon and all whoobject will notify the Governor, andstate in writing: any objection.P. A. THOMPSON, Attorneyfor Jordan Richardson.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronacre solicited.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything: neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Special WinterTourist TicketsvrAOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, &c, callon writeIf. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D S. JORDAN. T. A.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSTALLIONS ADVERTISED.Attention is directed to the following stallions advertised on anotherpage of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon Norab,. 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Hinkson Black Prince.Sterling Hinkson Burley.JACKS.Charlton Clay Tom Mack.At Midway the McBrayer distillery, which is now in operation, has adaily output of dried brewers' grain,which is being put into 100 pound hogsand shipped across the waters, whereit is being fed to cattle by Denmarkdairymen, who ship their product,especially butter, to the London market, where it is disposed of at a wholesale price, no better than that obtained by Kentucky dairymen. If thisdried brewers' grain is good for aDenmark dairy cow, why is it not goodfor a Kentucky dairy cow, therebysaving the cost of shipment for thousands of miles, which i3, of necessity,part of the profits of the business.Knights to Sift Graft Charges.Officials of Washington, D.C., Council,Knights of Columbus, are to siftthoroughly the matter of the chargesmade on the floor of the House otRepresentatives by Ben Johnson, of Kentucky, against Dr. Emil L. Scharf.Grand Knight George R. Repetti, ofthe Washington Lodge is said to havereferred the charges to a committee,with instructions to see if a primafacie case has been established.The statement made by Representative Johnson was to the effect thathe had been approached by Dr. Scharf,who offered to give the Catholic votesgenerally to Johnson during the lattei's fight for re-election in his Kentucky district foi a consideration.Johnson, a Knight of Columbus himself, took the matter,up in Congress.Dr. Scharf is the editor of a publication known as the Catholic NewsAgency. He laughed heartily whenasked about the matter."I am not surprised in the least.There is no telling what Representative Johnson will try to do if he isgiven enough rope. But I believe Ihave a way of curbing him and protecting myself. I will within a day ortwo institute suit against that loquacious Representative for somethinglike $25,000 damages for what I havesuffered through his heartless attack.My attorney has infomed me thatJohnson overstepped his constitutionalprivilege, and that no member of Congress can truthlessly attack a privatecitizen and seek to avoid responsibilitybv hiding behind 'his constitutoinalprivilege.'"As to the charge that he makesthat I offered to transfer certain ofthe Catholic vote," continued Scharf,"I wish to say that the statement isabsolutely untrue. It is merely apolitical dodge of Johnson's."Not a Word o! Scaadalmarred the call of a neighbor on Mrs.W. P. Spaugh, of Manville, Wyo.,who said: "She told me Dr. King'sNew Life Pills had cured her of obstinate kidney trouble, and made herfeel like a new woman." Easy, butsure remedy for stomach, liver andkidney troubles. Only 25c ab Oberdorfers. Farm Notes.Reports from various counties showthat spring work is more advancedthan usual. The extrpmely low priceof tobacco is making many prospectivegrowers hesitate and if contracts withtenants were not already made thearea devoted to th weeu would begreatly curtailed. Hands are hard tosecure and while they want morewages in many places farmers are notwilling to pay the same as last year.In consequence, it is thought muchland now devoted to cultivation will beput in grass in the near future. Ifclover seed was not so high therewould be a great deal sown and inmany places it is being sown anyhowFor some reason alfalfa has not been asuccess in most'sections of Kentuckyand what 'promised to work a revolution in farm methods a few yearsago, is not now receiving much attention. The area devoted to potatoes inthe State will be largely increasednotwithstanding the low fprice recieved for the last ;crop. Much more attention would be given to fruit growing if the seasons were not so uncertain, but in many places the growingof berries is attracting attention.Opinion is divided as to the status ofthe present crop but mucli of the earlyfruit is undoubtedly killed while apples, etc., are Rtill unhurt.rrrniuargoien s.Fresh CaughtPishThis Week.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. 1mmmmmmlmJCOTPBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yoa aS AMPLE.TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blcid Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that, cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Forced to Leave Home.Every year a large number of poorsufferers, whose lungs are sore andracked with coughs, are urged to goto another climate. But this is costly and not always sure. There's abetter way. Let Dr. King's New Discovery cure you at home. "It curedme of lung trouble," writes W. RNelson, of Calamine, Ark., "when allelse failed and 1 gained 47 pounds inweight. Its surplj-- the king of allcough and lung cures." Thousandsowe their lives and health to it. It'spositively guaranteed for coughs,colds, lagrippe, asthma, croup allthroat and lung troubles. 50c and 1.Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.The True Hero.Many a soldier who stood at his postof duty for two or three years duringour civil war is rovered with badges.We would not take one f from him, hemerits them. But many an "ordinary"woman has stood at her post of dutyfor thirty, forty land even half of acentury, fighting with sickness, poverty and discouragement, and with trueSpartan courage kept the wolf awayfrom the door and saved the livesof alarge numDer or cnnciren. me manwho saves one life for bravery, hispicture appeais in the metropolitanpapers and he wears a medal whichsays to the world he was brave. Andhe was. But the woman who has saved the lives of many is given no badgeand seldom ever a word of commendation. These ordinary women may netreceive a Carnegie badge for bravery,buf'He who marks the sparrow's fall"will certainly reserve for them thebrightest jeweled crown3 in His Kingdom. There Is Hope.It remained for a lawyer to selectthe twenty-one most beautiful word3In the English language and therebywin a prize. It may occasion somesurprise to note that neither "fee" nor"retainer" appears In his list.State of Ohio, City of Toledo, gsLucas Count'. )Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and suscribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.RppI A- W- GLEASON,laeal-J Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send tor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, 75 cents.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. ft. 50-cent bottle ofScott's Emulsiongiven in half-teaspoondoses four times a day,mixed in its bottle, willlast a year-old baby nearly a month, and four bottles over three months,and will make the babystrong and well and willlay the foundation for ahealthy, robust boy orgirl.FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend lCc, name of paper and this ad. forour beautiful Savings Bank and Child's Sketch.Bock. Each bank contains a Good LuckPenny.SCOTT Sc BOWNE, 40 PWI Strt. N. Y.TOM MACKThe Premium Jack.Fine black jack, 16 hads high, largebone, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Mack will make the season of1911 at Marchmont Stock Farmon theWinchester pike, 2 miles east of Paris,at$10 for Mares and $15 for JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonmoney is paid. Mares kept at 33 permonth or ten cents per day on grass.Not responsible for accidents or escapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY.E. T. Phone 57.R. F. D. No. 2, Pari, Ky.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters Tor Draft Horses.BLACK PRINCENo. 4S.710$1 5 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inwight Has proven to ba a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will make the season of 1 91 1 at Woodlawn Stock farmAbou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. lien.retained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Ky."fir. LOCANDA 802,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:09. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:11 He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:l5; was the.champion racing stallion of 901-1905; three-year-old record 2:16)4; four-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record 2:05;seven-year-old record 2:03; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A.NORAB 36915, Trial 2.10, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaroaWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21J, grandam Santos (dam.of Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, Kentuckyr7r""T7""TiDaiawm racKmg o., i"The Model Packing Plant," IResDectfullv solicits vour Datronacre. WAll pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all fir3t-class grocersIandTdealers.jBaldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.IEast Tenn. Telephone Co,INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourv bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,jNorth Middletown, LittleT Rock andRuddles Mills."WhenJyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.1 ' - vThe East Tennessee Telephone CVINCORPORATED vTHE SADDLE STALLION,915J hands high, heavy'mane and tail,will make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofTParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living Colt;BEN D'OR is by McDonald Chifsire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy. by Lovely, be byLedger; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, maraparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colts until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents orescapes.T. B. STITH.R. F. D. No. 1, Paris, Ky.BURLEYBlack PercheronWt. 176$15 to insureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of tkedraft horse, and his get have proreto be of the very bpst. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both apon the farm and in the cities. They canstand more work than the general ranof horses. Burley is 7 years old, a beautiful black. He is well-formed and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price..LIVING FOALIIIilMlM - 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 24, 1911..IIIIIMILLE8SBURG ITEMS.Mr. E. M. JeaUs some better.jbMrsrA7orRobisoiremains"quite ill.Mrs. ElizabethDodsoncontinuesabout the same.Miss Martha Smith Jsable toTbeabout the room.Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington, visited here Monday. a ,.A large number from here are attending Circuit Courts at Paris thisweek.Mrs. Frank Collier, of Paris, spentlast Friday ith her mother, Mrs.Mattie Purnell, at M. M. I. .rMadalineT" infant """daughter of Mr.and Mrs. George Howard, who hasbeen quite sick is some better.Miss Mary Taylor left Wednesdayfor a visit to her sister, Mrs. IS. II.Creighton, at Indianapolis, Ind.p Mr. and Mrs. S. R. Allen returnedMonday after a short visit to hermother, Mrs. Ewing and family atOwingsville.The Mission Study Class of thePresbyterian church will have a foodsale Saturday at the f jrniture store ofJee W. Mock.Mr. G. S. Allen and sifter. Mrs.Frankie Cook, returned Monday aftera ghort visit to their brother, Mr. J.K. Allen and family.Allen & Ingles have soU in the lastfew days three acres in Judyville toMr. Fred Downing at about $1,200. adecided advance over what they paidfor it.Miss Belle Taylor Judy, who is visiting her sister, Mrs. K. R. Vaught, atParker, Ind., was given a trip a fewdays ago to Chicago by a devotedgentleman friend cf Parker. Mr. andMrs. Vaught chaperoned them.The students of music of the M. F.C, will give an Ensemble Recital inthe college ch3pe! Friday evenng, beginning at 7 :30. This promises to bethe best of the seescn. All friendsand patrons of the institution are cordially invited.The "Ogling Owls" continue to of?leand the suffering public is longing forthe time wnen they shall cease to ogleand evreyone is waiting with impatience the arrival of April 7, whenthey will indeed ogle. Louk out formere startling features in the comingissues.Col. Geo. W. B2in delivered a popular lecture "Among the Masses orTraits of Character" at the operaBAN COMEft.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.KwS&zP KwJ ft4.1. Tr'j VL T'i Wi I39iIIMarlyA high-grade Patenttoe at $2.99.It is by far the bettercompare them.DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNhouse Tuesday evening. He was hereunder the auspices of the Ladies Missionary Society of the Methodistchurch. Col. Bain has appeared hremany times before and his lecture thistime was equal o those of of the past.He spoke for about one hour and during that time held the attention of hisaudience. His subject was full ofthought with many brilliant dashesof humor which gave force to thepoints he was making.Mrs. Anna Doty, principal of thepublic school, opened a private schoollast week with an enrollment of fiftythree pupils.All daily papers can be secured hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AaronMcConnell. Don't fail to call therewhen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HomeJournal.3 4t R. M. CALDWELL. Agent.Miss Anna James McClintock, cfLake Forest University, Lake Forest,111., will arrvive Saturday to spendher summer vacation. Miss McClintcck will chaperone a party of threeyoung ladies on a European tourthis summer. It will be rememberedMiss McClintock accompanied a younglady to Europe last summer.We want news for the BourbonNews. We want it fresh. Those having news items for publication willplease call me Home phone 82 or leavesame at postofiice or Bourbon HomeTelephone Exchange.R. M. CALDWELL, Correspondent.The many friends of Mrs. J. J. Peedwill learn with pleasure that she isimpioving nicely at Martinsville, Ind.,but will in all probability xeturn toBirmingham, Ala., with her daughter,Miss Dorothy, who is with her, as herphysician does not desire her to returnhome at present. Mr. Peed, who hasbeen with her for the past week, returned home Monday.Watch for I!.Watch for the announcement cf themillinery opening atSIMON'SDepartment Store,Score One for Pa.Pa Edith, how often do you practicel on the piano when I'm away? EdithEvery day, pa. Pa Hew long; did youpractice yesterday? Edith Fourhours. Pa And today? Edith Aboutthe same. Pa Well. I'm glad to hearyou're so regular. The next time youpractice, however, be sure to unlockthe piano. I locked it last week, andI've been carrying the key In mypocket ever since. Here It is!M$$$$$li!Wa!k0ver ShoesFOR MEN.As a RuleThe more you pay for an article the better it is.But you men who have bern five and sixdollars for your shoes will do well to try theWalk-Over $4.00 Line.You will find that the only difference is theprice. The saving is worth your consideration. This cut shows a new Spring model Oxfordin Russia Tan, Gun. Metal and Patent.U$$$$$!Spring Special.two and four eyelet Ladies' Oxfords, high arch andof the ordinary four dollar kind you buy at most storesBourbonitesto Meet MinneapolisThe Bourbonitss will meet the Minneapolis club, the champions of theAmerican Association' l2Bt season,Thursday and Friday, March 30 and31, at White Part in this city in thefirst game of the season on the localgrounds.Workmen are encaged vdaily in thetask of putting the grounds in theproper condition and everything willbe in readiness when the Associationchampions arrive in Paris. The infield is rapidly assuming a conditionthat would do credit to "Toppy" Nix,the erstwhile groundkeeper, in midseason, and everything. will be in tiptop shape when Dawson, Altrock,Wadell and company arrive for thetwo tilts on the local lot.While the season for reporting israther permature, still every man whowill don a Bourbonite outfit is undercontract to do service for a time atleast, and they will not be a lot of"hired" players for this occasionalone. Earnetr, McKernan, Kuhlmanand Chapman, with one exception allthat remains of the great tribe thatcarried away the penant last season,will be seen in their old positions.For the Association championsWadell and Altrock Swill do some ofthe hurling, while ; big "Hub" Dawson, a Blue Grass League product,who has risen from the ranks of theminors, will probably do some of thehackstopping at one of the sessions.President Bacon has handed out thefollowing to compose the Paris team :Barnett, first base ; McKernan, second base; Rapp, short; Kuhlman, thirdbase; Mayer, catcher; Yerkes, centerfield ; Chapman, left field Holson,right field ; Schrander, Woods, Brown,Barnett and Holleran, pitchers.Vacuum .Massager.Call at my Beauty Parlors and seethe new Blackstone Vacuum Massagerin operation.MRS. M. A. PATON.Very Thoughtless.Nephew (as uncle Is falling overprecipice) "I say, uncle, stop yellingand think cf me! This will land me ina fearful hole, you know. Everybodyknows you've left me your money, andnobody'll believe I tried to save you."M. A. P.In February.First Father It must have cost youa lot to send your t,on to college. Second Father It did. First FatherAnd what have you received "in return? Second Father My son. Cornell Widow.&iSSk.aI&IIIWhat the April Woman's HomeCompanion Contains.The April number of Woman's HomeCompanion is brimful, pressed downand overflowing with the spirit ofEaster. It is a riot of joyousness, cffrilly Easter frocks, of new tspringhats, of gardens, music, verse and entertaining fiction. But underneath thesparkle and lightness of the surfaceattractions of this magazine lies thesplendiud bedrock of all its helpful departments and strong special articles.The fiction in the April Woman'sHome Companion includes the secondpart of "The Flight of the Magic Carpet," a charming story of love, adventure and a motor car by C. !N. and A.M. Williamson; "Mrs. Benson'sBrains" by Anne Warner, a homelylittle tale of a mother who thought shehad very little "brains" but provedthe contrary; other contributes areMary Heaton Vorse, Maude KadfordWarren, Grace M. Siesons and LouiseForsslund. jIn Eascer sermon by Dr. Charles E. 'Jefferson, pastor of the BroadwayTabernacle, New York City, is one ofthe features of the April Woman'sHome Companion. This number alsocontains an Easter hymn by RichardLeallienne, illustrated by Earl StetsonCrawford, and an article on suffrage."Why I Want the Ballot." Time waswhen a man scorned to read a woman'smagazine. That time is long past anathe "man of the house" will be' keenlyinterested in Mr. John D. Adams' article on "Furniture Making," whichincludes a design, and working drawings of a comfortable porch swing.Spring house cleaning and generaloverhauing will lose its terrors for theyoung housekeeper if she will read andput into practice the "First Principles" of this important subject, compiled by Mrs. Christine Terhune Hernck. It is possible to ririry the "Comforts of home" even tnoi'h the awfulhour of stock-taking am . --novation isat hand, we are told in ti. April Woman's Home Companion, j itle gardensand big gardens, flower aim vegetablegardens--they all have a corner of this Isplendid Easter number."Columbus Placed in Class WithDr. Cook.Simultaneously with the erection ofa colossal statue in honor of Christopher Columbus at Buenos Ayers wiilne published in Paris, France, Saturday two volumes of a work by HenryVignaud, first secretary of the Ameiican embassy, in which the discovererof America is branded an impostor anda humbug and placed in a clas withexplorers like Dr. Ccok.Mr. Vignaud retired from theAmerican embassy two years ago andhas since devoted his entire time tothe completion of 'a study of Columbus, which has consumed in all fiftyyears. The author is now eighty-oneyears of age. He is celebrated as ahistorian, and was consulted recentlyby the Pope when it was proposed tocannonize Columbus. At that time.Mr. Vignaud showed that the explorer!was anything Out a sairtly man, and ttnat ne nau at ,sast one illegitimate,son.In his study of Columbus Mr. Vignaud undertakes to prove that the explorer's discovery of America was notthe result of his own genius, that theexpedition was not based upon scientific data, but that Columbus actuallylearned ct the existence of Americafrom an ignoiantjsailor who had beenthere ahead of him. In a word, thatAmerica was discovered Jon beforeColumbus ever organized his expedition, and that he merely took thecredit from anotner manunknown tohistory. -CLINT0NVILLE ITEMS.bervices at the Clmto.iville 'Chris-1tian church next Lord's dav.March 26.by A. Sanders, pastor fas follows: 11a. m.,, theme,"Gen. fNaaman's GreatHumiliation;" 7 p. m., "The Heavenly Garment;" 10 a. m., Bible school ;6 :45. song and prayer service. TheLoyal . classes will meet Wednesday,March 29, with Newton Shropshire.Rev. George Bell, of the Presbyterianchurch assisted in the temperance'servics for the young people for whichwe are thankful.Not a Word of Scandalmarred the call of a neighbor on Mrs.W. P. Spaugh, of Manville, Wyo.,who said: "She told me Dr. King'snew ine mis naci cured her of obstinate kidney trouble, and made herfeel like a new woman." Easy, but;sure remedy for stomach, liver andkidney troubles. Only 25c at Oberdorfers. ThemiIimmmmMmmmmmSmmmSB f irrn vihnt rorttUme 9$tLightness and FlavorFound in the finest biscuit, rolls, cake,etc., is due to the absolute purity,fitness, and accurate combinationof the ingredients of theRoyal Baking Powder.The best things in cookery are always made withthe Royal Baking Powder.Hence its use is universalin the most celebratedrestaurants, in the homesof the people, wherever de-licious,wholesome food is appreciated,Royal Baking Powderis sold -in every civilized country,the world ovenIt it the only Baking Powder made from Royal GrapeCream of Tartar.Royal Cook Book 800 Receipts Free. Send Name and Address.ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.Tait Gives His Reasons.President Tafc Tuesday explainedhis reason fnr the sudden mobilizationof United States troops along theMexican border. He declared conditions in Mexico up to a week ago,were apparently in a hopeless state ofchaos, ard that Americans and American interests were menaced. He stated, however, ihat since the ordpringof the soldiers to Texas the situationhas improved, and that it is not likelythe men will see any real action.Negroes Refused Admission.Canadian officials at Winnipeg Tuesday refused admission to 165 nyrgoesI Our I inp nfver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.! REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,a. I MO !-3-k17Ck rI Both Phones.Spring and SummerOPENINGThursday, April 23rd-MHSIC jLadies of this Community ar ICordially InvitedItlitchelJ TKxhov x C.vz.(incorporated) ILEXINGTON, KENTUCKY I7i.Srfrom Oklahoma, v.ho planned to settlein the Dominicn. The affair has beenmade the occasion of an inquiry by theUnited Government.Railroad Defective Killed.Oscar Spatch, of Chicago, a detective employed by the Queen & Crescent railroad. wa3 shot from ambushnear Junction City Tuesday afternoonand instantly killed.Kentuckian Dies in Missouri.John M. Nichols, a former residentof Woodford cuonty, Jdied Tuesday fnKansas City, Mo. He had resided inMissouri for twenty years and wasprominent in Democratic politics.SfpHinor illlfkllfrr"MvsmwSktmnmgPjJt MiMaiMHiNaaaNaHMiaiJlmmmWM9fflOBf .-