-.", i- f -r-i'- i i'- '1 -- . ,L - Nk tvA: -:NV -4- TWt -VTHE BOURBON NEWS.2PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 27, 1911.NUMBER 49I"JInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfJE3?i Kl 'F j852S111633 eSfir EmH:; tmSm !Logan Howard,Staple and Fancy Groceries,Main Street,Kev. Naxon Honored.Rev. J. M. Maxon, rector of St.Peter's Episcopal church, this city'has taken complete business charge cfMargaret College, at Versailles, un-ripr a twnntv ui ar nnntract recently' made with the beard. The collegewill continue under the supervision ofthe diocese of Lexington of the Episcopal church. Mr. Maxon has just repived the degree of Master of Artfrom his alma mater, Knox College, cfGalesburg, 111.A Beautiful Home.If you want a beautiful city homewith all modern improvements buy theOverby residence on Seventh stieet onJune 27. See ad in another column.Paynter Announces Withdrawal.Senator Thomas H. Paynter issued aWill eive VOU One dollar'sVcard . Saturday night formally with-- drawing irom me race ior tne uemo-WOrth (1 0) of S. & H. Green cratic nomination for United States. j. c Senator. This action on his part cre-I rading otampS ated the greatest surprise, as SenatorPaynter only a few days ago put upEXTRA ' ?2,000 entrance fee in the primary' and it was believed by many that hefor this coupon, besides thoseyou get with a purchase of50c or more.Both Phones 179.had an equal chance to defeat Congressman Ollie James for the nomination. In his card he stated that owing toillness in his family he was preventedfrom making a canvass which lessenedhis chances of election and which reason he gave for his withdrawal.Ladies' Canvas Pumps.Ladies' white nanvas pumps at $2.48,regular price 53 50. Cash only.GEO. McWILLIAMS.f' .-sw"Is)tototototototototototototototototoTT71 TT "D TTTTCJTHJ.JP U Xt VV J-KJJJ tTake Advantage of These Prices : WStandard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams ,. 15White Bacon, per pound 10Santee Syrup, 1-2 gal can .15Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can . " .V .20Karo Syrup, 1 gal. can - 40Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Ivory Soap. 6 bars . . 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans .' 25All RolledlSeal Oats, 3 boxes 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack ' .65 mBlue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack. . . . , 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55Fresh Fish Every Friday and SaturdayCounty Teachers Selected.At a meeting of the Division Boardsof the Bourbon County 1'ioard of Education held in the court house Saturjday teachers to fill the positions inthe schools of -Bourbon were elected.The trustees of Division No. 6, ofwhich J. T. Ingles is chairman did nothold a meeting. The teachers electedwere as follows:DIVISION 1.Hill, N. W. Lisle; Centerville,Mis Anna Burns; Jacksonville, MissJennie Miller; Houston, Miss LolaGiay; Clay's Cross Roads, Miss MayJ. Ammerman; Monterey, Miss AlmaPryor; Ford's Mill, Miss Bessie Talbott. Colored Centerville, Albert Coleman; Jacksonville, Mary S. Whalcy;Monterey, Anna J, Stanley; Brents'ville, Anna Roberts.DIVISION 2.Ruddles Mills, Alius Jessie Reeves;Eals, Miss Mayo Oliver; Kiserton,Miss Ryda Thornton; Shawhan, MissLuuise Bpnthal ; Palmer, Miss DrusieElliott; Pleasant Green, Mis9 BelleKiser; Mcllvain, Miss Nellie Cassity.Colored Ruddles Mills, Lucy J.Anderson; Currentsville, Elisha G.Lewis; Ruckerville, Geo. Johnson,Principal, Mary Gaines, Assistant.DIVISION 3.Miilarsburg Mrs. Annie T. Doty,Principal, Miss Nettie Hurst, Assistant; Colville, Miss Bessie T. Miller;Jefferson, Miss Oma Smith; Tair,Miss Margaret Lenihan.Colored Millersburg, Lizzie F.Bowen, Principal, iiilizabeth Robinson,Assistant.DIVISION 4.Burris, Miss Amanda Rummans;Deaver, Miss Jennie Howard; Letton,U. A. Ellis; Cane Ridge, Miss JessieOckerman.Colored Little Rock, Mary LouDavis, Principal, Blanche Martyn,Assistant; Cane Ridge, Louse Evans;Finch, Bettie Bedford.DIVISION 5.Stony Point, Miss Bedford Martin;Redmon, Miss Ada Bivin; Spears Mill,Miss Lillian Mason; North Middletown, Miss Alma Rice Cunningham,Miss Sadie J. CUrke.Colored CM. Clay's, Lina B. Hickman ; North Middletown, Howardtfuckner, principal, Sam Ransom, Assistant. .No meeting held in No. 6.The Grocery Store of Quality, toT. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop. JBoth Phones 234 Wtto6sr V-?-: -VJS dV-?i t3U?i. r&AP fifi. -Mjy. s3t-A 3-3 S-P 5-OC- &?&JkES.-afrdKfcjfe 3Straw JfatsPanama JratsIn All the Latest Styles.K3&mkmkmWkmk.$-. White Serge PantsS5m&&&Blue, Black and Grey Serge Coats$5PIP3rammtmPrice & Co.,Clothiers.'sIPvmzkrTiAttend the Concert.Attend the concert at the Presbyterian church on Friday, June 30, to begiven by Miss Mary Dan Harbeson.She will be assisted by her brother,Mr. Kobtrt Harbeson. Admission 50cents. Tickets on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore 2tReport Completed.Miss Mabel Rabbins, County SchoolSuperintendent, has completed her annual report for the State Superintendent of Public Instruction, and amongother data reports the number of children enrolled in the rural districts otBourbon county 2,026, with a daily attendance of 1,284 and an average costof teacher per child $12.09. The average monthly salaries of teacher" was$43.46. The Hutchison school was thebanner school for last year, havingninety-three pnr cent of enrollment inattendanceNotice to Groceryinen,You are hereby notified to put allgoods offered for sale and occupyingspace on the sidewalks eighteen inchesabove the pavement and cover themail witn gauze, mosauito netting orsome such material.This order is immediately operative.A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.By order of Board of Health.Hill in Paris.As the election draws near the candidates, before the Democratic primary, are bestirring themselves.Judgi B. F. Hill, of Henry county,candidate for Commissioner of Agriculture, was in town Monday hustlingfor votes. Judge Hill has peculiarclaims on Bourbon county from thefact that he graduated from theJC. W.C. when it was located at Millersburg,has many schoolmates in this county,has made several Democratic speecheshere, has always supported Bourbonmen for office when he has had an opportunity and now asks that all .remember and help him next Saturday.ItMelons on Ice.Fine, sweet Georgia watermelons onice at all times.J AS. E. CRAVEN.Time to Buy.This week is the time to buy refrigerators at greatly reduced prices atour store.J Any price you want. Comein today.J. T. HINTON.Pure Water for Paris.U Saturday night at 8 o'clock Superintendent Newton Mitchell, of theParis Water Co., with a large forceof men began the work of cleaning outthe standpipe and by four o'clock Sunday morning the immense undertakingwas completed. Upon suggestion ofHealth Officer Keller and Mayor Hinton to Mr. Mitchell it as immediately arranged to have the water supply of the city cut off for a short timeand the patrpns were shortly afterwards supplied with a dircet pressure,while the workmen were engaged inremoving the accumulations at thebottom of the immense steel structure. The thorough cleaning Of thereceprocal for the city water supplyinsures the purest water, and Mr.,Mitchell is to be complimented uponthe quick action taken in the matterand tne serviee given nis pauoas. ."We Know How."ifU -Guaranteed Patent LeatherrShoes.XorJ!?cJSljape"You can see the point, noneed of further argument.Plenty of room and yet anacme of style and quality.Why not a pair todayPATENT "BURROJAPS"GUARANTEED 1 1What do you thinkof that?Burt & Packard Co.MaktriBrockton,Mass.K QIV v2j.S?fct: -eaa si gBVeSeVemHltalThere is some satisfaction in buying a 'pair ofPatent Leather Shoes from this store, and the reason is every pair of Shoes sold by us for $4 areabsolutely guaranteed not to crack. If they do wewill give you a new pair free. The Korrect Shape$4 Shoesin Patent Leathers, Gun Metals and Tansare sold with this guarantee, and why do yuo wantto buy other brands of patent leathers that will goto pieces on you. Come to this store where yourdollar will go farther than any place else. We areshowing all styles, both in High Cuts and OxfordsThe Stetson Shoes for $5 and $6 have no equalwhen it comes to a high grade Shoe. Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes are just the thing for men whosuffer with aching feet. Come in and try a pair.Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.m Outfitters-to-Ml en. mi$)!m iiM $5i):snr z:tminin!i;iiiiiiiuiirnmiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiii!iiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiii!in!iiiniiiHiiiiiinii!iMi;M!Mn!iiinn!iiii!iiii!iH.g AFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.uxtrct Specials.mm1Ladies' and Misses' Woolen Suits, manyof this Season's Choicest Models and afew Suits Carried Over from last Winterthe Price for Choice,Only $9.98It will pay you to buy now and put away for next season.Pongee Coats, made of genuine Silk Pongee,and we'll worth $20, choice only $9.98.iti3Gingham DressesBeantifully made of fine grade Ginghams and tissue,combined with All-over Hamburgs and solid colorginghams. These were sold regularly at $5 and $6each, now choice at $2.9S.BIG BARGAINS IN WASH GOODS OF ALL KINDS.1iiae35$3 and $3.50 Grades of Patent Slippers now only $1 .50 a pair. 1h4 jRrmmttiiHi k iFrank & Co.Paris, - - Kentuckyfilllllllllll UU uMiiMiiMiaiiiHlll ittiftMMilBSiiMiWiMftiraiBWfteWfteWMMBtiaiBMiPHiniiiinii wev.ewvBejpvnve99jmiimv eFHUVVVePVIeleBBBBM9evvvleHveBffVevSVerBreMftSMKSKSHMMlCMeBJnfr-Itof-fjWmmr$--- tJ&jt:7 -tj" " ryTHE, BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 28, C1911;H,1it..'jft. XTHE f BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.xWe Give Au)ayAbsolutely Free of CostmwrorfifsaThe People's Common Sense Medical Adviser, in PlantEnglish, or Medicine Simplified, by R. V. Pierce, M. D.,Chief Consulting Physician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute at Buffalo, a book of 1008 large pages andSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erMftMM.' ITHV.VHHUnffAIVover 700 illustrations, in strong paper covers, to any one sending 21 one-centstamps to cover cost of mailing only, or, in French Cloth binding for 31 stamps.Over 680,000 copies of this complete Family Doctor Book were sold in clothbinding at regular price of $1.50. Afterwards, one and a half million copieswere given away as above. A new, up-to-date revised edition is now readyfor mailing. Better send NOW, before all are gone. Address World's Dispensary Medical Association, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.DR. PIERCE'S FAVORITE PRESCRIPTIONIhE ONE REMEDY for woman's peculiar ailments good enoughthat its makers are not afraid to print on its outside wrapper itsevery ingredient. No Secrets No Deception.THE ONE REMEDY for women which contains no alcohol andEntered at the Pari?, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 29 Years of Continuous PublicationTtaarf it JwKMWt'tfV?"sS&M&itti&'fliUVt't'-fcft- Mk NT.Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion ; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.They never need repairs, never need any attention in fact except anoccasional coat of paint. They're Fireproof Stormproof and suitablefor all kinds of buildings. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.no habit-forming drugs.Made from native medicinal forest rootsof well established curative value.esm.j vnswsnnmMmIM (m -"7 -LSSSftKeHPrmcmsreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentuckv combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER. NONE CKZAPERWm. ZRdams St Son,142 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in2.S&&v?:'-jtiv3" i VfLOWRY &3$3 XaSja 'vjutmi a 4 " rrT-"TV 'T i' 5i TCs. v'VA !'3 VJ.-,n Syrf $&27ifr?I Bourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postof fice.totototoISstoIVltototoBourbonsb t M!HBBBsY ' BHJ BBabbbS viAyy!UBBBb mvxPY-y'MParis, Kentucky.-for Sale PrivatelyDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET.-..1 offer for sale privately my frameratideoce corner of Second street andLiilleston avenue. Contains five room?,tw halls, bath, pantry, back andtmI pon he 3 ; cellar under entirehouM; gas taroutchout; water in yardm4 houai; sewer connection. Thekkr.ee fronts on Second street, andii extremely desiratla; fine thadetrM6 on all sidss. Immediate possession can b given.PrMpectlve purchasers invited to infjjftect tbe premises.TERMS. Made known on applica, tiM to tbe undersigned.JOHN ARKLE.-,l2.tf Home Phone 211.ANNOUNCEMENTS.W ' ii.i rust tmoaa33dt,G. OUy m a oawlidat 'for Rep-ywUww m U' Lecirfpwi fiymORIGINALITYAND SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship aro DisplayedIn Our Work.An individuality diblinyuhhcs our jlfonu-jrom all Olivers, wniio pricesthe Gardenis a real pleasure if you "i avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will help3'ou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. TALBOTT.. , . ..toA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,r'fc'S'''fr'fr'S'"3gkS-SkaCHAUTAUQUALAKEis best reached by theErie E. R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJne 1 1 Sept. 30.Special 30 -Day ExcursionsJsJy 6 and 27Sr.nirr.sr Excursion Ticketsoa sale to Nc- York City and all Eastern resorts.Stop-over at Chautiuqna Lake aijd Niacara Falls permkted or rsl-clas3 oac-wjy and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local tirkct agent or writeJ. H. Webster. Gen'l Agent Passengert)ept. 416 Walnut Si. Gncinnati, O., forfurther informEtior.IVilSS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dcfeftand- Fancy Noreitie.ONE YEAR,$..00. . . Payable inTime Soon Up.a aispaicn irom rraniort , says:june is ine montn wnen manyautomobile licenses expire and so far give to the farm boy, who has neverthe Secretary of State has collected been to college, who shows the greatabout $6,500 for licenses for the ensu-. est ability in judging I've stock at theing j ear. A fine of $50 is the penalty StateJFair in September, a scholarshipfor running an automobile without a in the College of Agriculture of theicense and the auditor s agents are State University. This Pcholarship iskeeping close tab on the dates when worth more than $100 and every farmlicenses expire for this reason owners , i.ov who hn nnf nH-pnrW onof autos should renew their licensespromptly to avoid a fine.The False Front.The woman who bought a book tokeep the book agent from knowing shewasn't literary is the wife of the manwho ordered an auto to keep peoplefrom knowing he couldn't afford topurchase one. Puck.Money to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from $2,000 up, at the lowrate of 5 per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at 5i per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.O. K. COLLIER, Agent,14a3m Hurst Home Insurance Co.Telephones in Church.Moriah church of Utica has installed a telephone system for thebenefit of members of the church whomay be afflicted with deafness. Sixtelephones have been placed in various parts of the auditorium, the transmitter being located on the pulpitdirectly in front of the speaker.Telephone Review.Paris Office Designated as Depository.The Postoffice Department at Washington, has notified Postmaster N. A.Moore, that tbe Postmaster Generalhas designated the Paris postoffice asa postal savings depository, which iso be effective after July 15, 1911.2 The purpose of the system is to provide facilities for depositing savingsat interest .with the security of theUnited States Government for repayment. Any person ten years ofage or over may open an account. Nocharge or fee is made for opening anaccount or for withdrawal of deposits.No account will be opened for a sumless than $1, nor will fractions of adollar, be accepted. Not more than$100 may be deposited in a calendarmonth, nor to exceel a total balanceof $500 may be held. Withdrawalsmay be made at any time. Depositorsmay exchange deposits for Postal-Savingbonds, if desired, and continue deposits as in the beginning.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESThe Lexington Leader says:"Wheat threshed and delivered June22 is an unusual occurrence far theBlue Grass,' but some of the new crophas been delivered to Byrns & Pettugrain dealers here, and is of goodquality. The slight rise in the priceof wheat on the Chic2co crain rrarketon account of Western droughts has!not affected the price here, which isabout 76 or 78 cents. The acreage ofwheat in the Blue Grass is about anaverage area this year, while the yieldand (quality promise to be above theaverage. The wheat is plump andwpil filled, and most of it. so far, isweighirg better than usual."Allie Jones, of North Middletown, jis busily .engaged in putting the finish-'ing touches to a strin of young Bourbon Kins that will be exhibited at thefairs in Central Kentucky. The Iyoungsters are showing up in fineform and are looked to give some ex-nibitors a lively tussle in the showring. Col. Young, a Bourbon Kinggelding, locks to be the class of thebunch and'he is being worked up tofine trim for the fails.The Mercer county fair will beheld at Harrcdsburg Augusc 8 to 11inclusive.Great Heart, one of the grandestof Michigan's trotting sires, is dead atCuldaater, on the A. C. Fisk estate,where he has held court for manyyears. Foaled in 1888 at Paris, Ky.,Great Heart was sold soon afterwardto A. C. Fisk, of Cold water, and aftergainiug a record of 2:12 1-2, becamewonderfullyjsuccessful in;thejgtud.Receipts of Jive stock on theChicago market or the week endingJune 17 were 48,600 cattle, 146,900hogs and 94,800 sheep. The week'sreceipts compared with 'the previousweek, in round numbers increased2.400!cattle, 19,800 hogs and decreased13,200 aaacp. Compared with tbacorrwpondia. perioda year ago'cattladecreased 9.700, hbe increased 2.800fl.00Scholarships.M.C.Rankin, Commissioner of Ak-r w. turp h snnnnnn thof ho r;nshould take advantage of this opportunity. It costs nothing to enter thecontest nor to scuie the entry blanksand the prize is certainly well worthworking for.In addition to this scholarship theCollege of Agriculture will grant conctssions to the winner which will increase the value of the scholarships.Students of the College of Agriculturehave been invited to enter a judgingcontest at the State Fair In this contestMr. Rankin offers $10J in prizemoney. This contest, however, is entirely separate from the one of theboys who have never attended college.Gazette Will Bolt James.The Mt. Sterling Gazette, a Republiacan paper edited by Stanley Wood,a grandson of Pension Agent Wood.announced)Thursday in a strong editorial that it will bolt the nomination ofFrank P. James if he i3 on the Stateticket, saying that he is not worthy ofthe nomination and election.Woodpecker a Useful Bird.Farmer Wilson, at the Agriculture, Department at Washington, classedI the humble wuodpecker as the greatestsingle aid man had in the conservationof lumber.I Secretary Wilson's statistican estimates that the insects destroy $100,-i000,000 worth of lumber each year. IWoodpeckers and there are frrty-fivespecies or tnem-are the greatestenemy of the insect?. With unerringaccuracy thsy locate their prey anddrive their tongues through the hardtimber after him and his family.Department scientists have exam-!j ined 3,450 stomachs, of the birds and jfound that their food consisted princi-Jpally of the bodies and eggs of tree '. bugs.Keller Explains Reunion Posi-tion.Secretary Green R. Keller, of the iMorgan's Men Association, ave outfor publication a letter regarding theParks Hill reunion of Morgan'sjMen.In part, the letter reads:"Carlisle, Ky., June 21, 191."Dear Comrades: A statemnt waspublished in the daily papers last weekannouncing that I had said it wasmust likely that the annual reunion ofMorgan's Men at Parks Hill would notbe held this year, but that an effortwould be made to have the grand reunion at Lexington at the time of theunveiling of the Morgan monument,.which Gen. Duke informs me will besome time about the middle of October. I "The statement was made by me., but not in an official capacity as secretary, and since seveial of thosewho have attended and enjoyed themeetings at Parks Hill have protestedagainst the calling of the meetingJLwill give the reasons for my statement.j "In the first place the unveiling ofthe monument at Lexington will be, or'ought to be, the greatest event toMorgan's Men since the war; in thesecond place Mr. H. M. Tayjor, manager of Parks Hill and the head andfront of the entertainment, has beentotally unable to walk a stepfor twoand one-half months, and it is quitelikely that he will be unable to do sofor some month3 to come months tocome, and this oi itself is encugh tomake the meeting a failure; in triethird nlace Gen. Duke, the president,and G. R. Kpller the secretary, arei untit far service as will make up theloss ot Mr. Taylor's labor ot love."It was for these reasons that Imade tbe unofficial statement, but ifthe comrades insist on coming we willdo our best."Most Popular Writer.The most popular writer in the public eye is the fellow who writes onlywhat he thinks he knows about thefellow who did or was dene by a fellow that the average thinking individual has not the slightest desire or inclination to read or know anythingabout at all..A fewvm mtwflyingmachines were hardlyV ,, 'WW. J 1Wthought or, nor wasScott's Emulsionin Rummer, j Now Scott'sflKtion k as much a summer as a winter.SIX MONTHSAdvancedid itAMGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALIER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.rWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryialSlSBBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.CK&SZfe(9cSgSftfeX23tt&1I. C. XJ. R,.Looking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money When BuyingYour Clothing, Shoes or FurnishingWe are the only house that has small expenses, therefore we can save you moneyby'purchasing your wants with us. Giveus a trial and you will be convinced thatweare the cheapest house in the city.You are getting more goods for the samemoney Same goods for less money.Special Sale for 15 Days Only on Trunks, SuitCases and Valises.THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY.mEast Term. Telephone Co.INCORPORATED .For reliable telephone service, both local anrifLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little RockRuddles Mills.VWherfJjou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedji'Notice! Poultry RaisersR 4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck. Roud. CankerXOSE IS GOOD- I5fctv..SO OtTXE, SO FATuMirrnucaMtt IC&lie Rrvaaf RtiJilpWtty remedy de. It '! i?t.IXSStJ'EU&iHKff.rfficHrJ.MtCnm.hiwt.y. hte$r75nimfcy,s - CiAandyou..I II I n 2ana an uiseases ot Poultry. ? 199Vfefai' "!4s .-NHMTi:, 1?U3vrden&TKniy o iy.CPo. . -:. T " ' - - rZ . ErTtJiUL Tkphelft.PI m mm 3ip WWM T.t f 'ms. n, .-m -mm wwnK rcu.- "-- ,-K1v'. v' . V,,4 f-vvV,; -.-'v-tirXTHE BOURBON NEWS;. PARIS, KENTUCKY, , JUNE;, 27, Iflll;n" Ytf ?f rj.):anfmfmwmrosJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!7ms' ' -Whitewash Brush In Spain.In Spain, where the ruins of Mooriiktowers are seen upon the crests ofmany hills as the express train crawlsalong at the rate of fifteen or twentymiles an hour, the evidences of surviving Moorish influence upon the peopleand customs of Andalusia make an interesting study. In the city of Rondait is plain tliat the ideas of home building which the Arabs brought into theIberian peninsula remain vital today.The whitewash brush is the great level of distinction between the richana the poor in Spain. The exteriorsof homes great manor houses uponthe haciendas, huts of mountaineersclinging to the sides of the almostperpendicular hills, handsome homesof rich merchants in the cities andhumble tenements are nearly all ofplaster. A few of them are calcimined in blue or brown or pink, butthe majority are pure white. Rpnda isa white city with a few patches ofblue and pink and looks as if thewhitewash brush had just been applied. Louisville Courier-Journal.g$SS&'TRE J9B ReOffiS OFTHEBHRBNGot Right Down to Business.James Russell Lowell when ambassador to England contributed liberallyto a London society and one day senta deserving young American there tobe assisted home. But the Americanwas told that, though his case was eminently deserving, the society was justthen short of funds.When Lowell heard this he sat downand wrote the society a terse and vig-j orous letter."Dear sirs," he began, "for the lastseven years I have contributed annually 25 guineas to your organization. -Iregret to learn you were unable to assist the young man I recommended toyou a few days ago. If you will kindly return to me one of my contributions I will send him to America at myown expense, as I am convinced thecase is a most deserving one."The society did not return any ofi Mr. Lowell's cash, but it found meanssomehow to dispatch the young manhome bjT the next boat.rheumCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30YearsrAchingbones, swollen, joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'ttotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves', bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where ifc isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorsh ave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Sinners snr free by writing Blood-11 o . Atlanta, Ga. Describeynr trcuoic nd free medical adviceLgi.vn. .-zl :J Ly varden & con.Carries Most Sandt mj !! im 1 1 i -mNewsSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and; n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.She Could Threaten Too."Tickets," said the wiry little conductor as be confronted a 300 poundGerman woman."Ach! 1 haf lost mv ticket vbat Ishould come back by vonce." jConductor I am sorry, madam, but jyou will be obliged to n:iv your fare 1again.Woman Xein. nein. 1 paicUvou thismorning already. I vill nicbt.Several times the conductor returnedto reason with lur. but each time wasmet with a more decided refusal thanthe last Finally, losing patience, the fconductor said:"Madam, if you do not pay your fareat once I shall have to stop the trainand put you off."The woman, half rising and shakingher fist at him, said: "What! Put meoff, you say? Vheu you say dat somemore by me I make you the train offand bo stop it either."J- i.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type' is new and modernfaces.Cbc Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.A Waiter as a Tipper.Two years ago a guest at a hotel inFrankfort-on-the-Main which has manyAmerican patrons became a prime favorite with the waiters in the diningroom because of the lavish tips hegave to the man who served him, theboy who helped him on witk his coatand the various other employees."Where old customers gave 50 pfennigshe would give a mark and more, besides extras in the way of cigars. Inexplanation he said one day that whenhe was at home in St. Louis he was awaiter, and, being far away, he wanted to test the extravagant tip system."And how does it work?" he wasasked."Fine. The boys think me a fine gentleman, and I think they are fine waiters." New York Tribune.Superior Portland Cement carricthe most sand, becaurr it is rrrour jthe finest. This makes it i :: riithan others sol:! i.i theme rrl:v.It U also lowest in magnesia--fractionof l per ccrJ. This is whySuperior concretes n-.-cr crack orcrumble. Build wi'.h it. It's r irusPortland Cement. Writ; for freeSuperior Catechism No. 3-3Then kcp on ins'sting until yourdealer supplies' 5'jperior.Union Triwt Building, Cincinnati. Ohio.Justus Col'.'ns, President,Superior Potffojid Cement Co.The Secret, of YouthDo you ever wonder how you can remain yottng; orwhy other women older than you, look younger than you do?The secret can be put, in a few words: "Preserveyour health, and you will preserve your youth."By "health" we mean not alone physical health, butnerve health, as, sometimes, magnificently strong-lookingwomen are nervous wrecks.But whether you are weak physically or nervously,you need a tonic, and the best tonic for you is Cardui.It builds strength for the physical and nervous systems.It helps put flesh on your bones and vitality into your nerves.Hf CARDUIJ 46The Woman's TookL. Adcock, of Srafthis passing through tbt"My mother," writes Mrs. Z.ville, Tenn., "is 44 years old andchange of life.She was irregular and bloated and suffered terribly.My father stepped over to the store and got her a bottleof Cardui, which she took according to directions and nowshe is up, able to do her -housework and says she feelslike a new woman." Try Cardui in .your own case.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Ckattasoofa, Tesfc.lot Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women." seat foe6. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 abottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaffaey. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twestyyaars andIts the first medicine that has done me wich-ged.W. T. Brook3, Agent.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-L AW.Room 1 Elks Building.Cut Flowers In the Morning.A flower cut in the morning willlast twice as long as one cut later inthe day.Dr. Wm. Kenney,Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s fiaik,Representing Old Reliable CompaniesInsurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited. . .PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T 13fi.Home 136.( E. T. 334.'( Home 334.Office Phones jResidenceA Peek Into His Pocketwould show the box of Bucklen's Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y., always carries." I have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it would not soon heal,"ho writes. Greatest healer of burns,boils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,fever sores, skin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Feline Melody.First Cat "How sweetly you sing! Inever heard anything so entrancing!What was that last song?" SecondCat (sentimentally) '"If I had ninethousand lives to live, I'd live them allfor you.' " Woman's Home Companion.A Sight Unseen."I guess I'm just an impressionablewoman," she simpered. "I gave a beggar a quarter this afternoon.""How did he work you for it?" heasked."He said, 'Won't this beautiful ladyhelp me a bit?' " ,"Well, you can't help giving something to these blind men."And he can't figure it out yet whythe girl is mad at him. Boston Traveler. ,A Literary Life Preserver.Bookseller This. sir. is an excellentbook on swimming and a very usefulone too.Customer Useful ?"Yes, sir. 'If ever you find yourselfdrowning you have only to turn topages 88 and 89. and there you willfind full instructions how to save yourself." Loudon Sketch.Equal to the Occasion."Doctor, I am feeling worse today.""Then stop taking the pills I prescribed for you." i"But I haven't taken any yet.""Then take them-." Paris Sourire.Doubled Pointed.Bess I'm at a loss to understandJust what Mr. Blank meant when Itold him my age was twenty-five. TessWhat did he say? Bess That Ididn't look it Lippincott's.C. O. D.Tommy Mamma had a lot of thingsgent home C. O. D. today. What doesC. O. D. mean? Tommy's Pop C. O.D., my son, means "Call on Dad."Philadelphia Record.Always the.Case-"Take away woman and what wouldfollow? shouted the brator: -"We. would!", cried a' man oa a bckA Terrible Blunder.to neglect liver trouble. Neve do it.Take Dr. King's New Life Pills onthe first sign of constipation, biliousness or inactive bowels and preventvirulent indigestion, jaundice or gallstones. They regulate liver, stomachand bowels and build up A'our health.Only 2oc at Oberdorfer's.Where She Stood."Are you a friend of the groom'sfamily?" asked the usher at thechurch wedding. "I think not." replied the lady addressed; "I'm themother of the bride." YonkersStatesman."Atheists" Converted.A number of Servian conscripts, onentering Belgrade barracks to servetheir time, announced themselves asatheists so as to avoid attendance inchurch. The comu.ander got them toclean out the yard and stables everySunday morning while their comradeswent fomass. The atheists havenow asked to be instructed with aview to conversion to the nationalcreed.! LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,'and thua encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys .it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start tiecure, and give you instant relief.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.r:TTTluargoien s.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,II7p Stairs Over Varden's. Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest. iDK. A. II KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and ."j, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - - KentuckFresh CaughtFishThis Week.Jtnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.Margolen,auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e G69L.Paris, Ky.JI W W 1M1- I IIEMWMiUWlUMG. S. Varen A Soa;A Welcome ChangeSmoke curling up from the farmhousechimney as the men are coming in from thefields, gives a pretty suggestion of a good supper and a comfortable 'home. But it alsomeans a hot, tired woman, working hard overa blazing fire.Your wife can escape this with a NewPerfection Oil Cook-love.A New Perfection keeps a kitchen many decrees cooler thaa mfother range, yet it does all a coal or wood range can do. It saves sea,labor and fuel. No wood to cut ; no coal to carry ; no ashes; no soetWith the New Perfection oven it is the best cooking device yon caafind anywhere.Madewhl.2iJ3 bwam. wit faaf,tarouoMC Hue uuaefecl ckiiie Himamcir tanked Uctot. 1 mt x- ammkmcr em cm be had wilii r wlkNlacabiMC M. wiuck fctod wUl vtoywlnck,ctcVWtiinMbwi ar ymim metwe drewkr to ibe rarf. fry at tkmstdrdoaFArmi:nnw.M it miOll'CoofcStovc(iManMMMxt)amammammmmatm: .'-" -v k ;Wv?Zzt:-s ; 0fx H,,,T -"..Or-HViv:.t-iIVrTHE BOURBdN -NEWS PARIS,) KEmJCKY; JUNE 27, 191J;o ax' J ,pff.VvWGI-REMEMBER,itJivIL A m.WW4Big Summer Clearance Salemm IMT,mmEnding Saturday, July 15th.Om4m4444MHatina f-rt mnv crnnrls for this time Of the Vear. We Will firiv vnil tho onnnrl-iinil-t 1- caomoney on new, seasonable merchandise. We will offer the following lines at such reducedprices that it will pay you to lay in a large supply. These goods must moveSILKSWASH GOODSWHITE GOODSs LINENSTABLE LINENSNAPKINSTOWELSCOUNTERPANESHOSIERYLACESEMBROIDRIES .HANDKERCHIEFSART LINEN PIECESLACE CURTAINSSHIRT WAISTSMUSLIN UNDERWEARUMBRELLASGINGHAM PETTICOATSSILK PETTICOATSDRESS SKIRTSCORSETS, Etc, Etc.iNever Before Have We Offered Such Bargains Come in and Look Whether You Buy or Not.. 32cL TlXOibzei? The Reliable Store.529-531 Main Street, Paris, Ky,"WjABIGCUTINSUMMERGOOD9.-t-REFRIGERATORSPorch and LawnCHAIRSNews of the Diamond.FRIDAY.Paris took the third and last gameof the series from Richmond Fridayafternoon by a score of S to G. iirthe fifth after the Pioneers werefour'runs to the good, and two downfor,Paris, Waldon muffed an easy foulof Chapman's after which Chapmansingled, starting a. rally that endedin six runs and the game. WhileRichmond made a stong nirth inningstruggle, they were retired with second and third occupied. The score: "Richmond r..0 0 4 0 010 0 0 26Paris 0 0 0 0" G 1 0 1 0-8i Batteries Paris, Shears and Mayer;Kichmona, Black and Haines HitsParis 14, Richmond 10. Eircrs Paris1, Richmond 2. Earnea runs-Paris 2,Richmond 5. Struck out by Shears J4, by Black 1. Sacucfie hits Strieker, Chapman, Kuhlman. Two basehits Strieker, Oolsn, Haley, Shears.Three base hits Sheais, Whitaker,Vraldon. Left en bases Paris 7, Rich'mond G. Tiie 1 :35. Umpire Wili Kerson.j SATURDAY. 'I Rain prevented the game between, Palis ai.d the Lawmakers at FrankfortSaturday afternoon.j SUNDAY.! The Lawmakers took a double billfrom Paris Sunday afternoon at Frankfort the games being the best playedthere this season. A hit by Nicholsonand an error gav Frankfort the onlyrun of the first game. In the secondgame Yerkes was knocked out of thebox and was succeeded by Cornell, whoheld Paris without another. Hauserreceived perfect support from histeammates in the second contest. TheThomas was granted a permit to erecta two-story residence on Houston avenue that will probably cost S7.000.Mr. G. C.Thompson will erect a framecottage on Cypress street i to cost$2,500.The Standard Oil Company wasgranted a permit to build a two-storystore room and stable, the structure tobe of brick and will cost approximatey ?2,000.VPublic Auction of Qverby Property. It you are looking for an idsal home,one with a beautiful lawn, a modernhouse, and all the modern conveniences, just close enough to Main street,be sure and attend the sale of the residence and building lots belonging to. . uveruy, on aeventn street, onTuesday, June 27, at 2:30 p. m.idininistrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properly proven according to law and filed witn theundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to Eaidestate willjplease call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmFOR RENT.High- Good stable, corner Tenth andstreets. Apply toWM. GRANNAN.Elks Building.MlA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMPANY Iscore :First game.ParisN 0 0000000 00Frankfort 0 0100000 x 1Batteries Paris, Bonno and Mayer;Frankfort, French and Holder. HitsParis 3, Frankfort 6. Errors Paris 1.Base on balls off Bonno 2, off French2. S truck out by French" S. Left onbases Frankfort 7, Paris 4. Wild pitchBonno. Passed ball Mayer. Hit bypitcher Bohannon. Stolen basesBarrel, Nicholson. Sacrifice hits McKernan, Konnisk 2, Seeback. Time ofgame 1 :22. Umpire Bohannon.Sceond game.Paris 0 13 0 0 0 0 0 0-4Frankfort 0 0112001 x 5Batteries Paris.Hauser and Mayer;Frankfort. Yerkes, Cornell and Holder. Hits Paris 9 Frankfort 7. ErrorsFrankfort 2. Earned runs Paris 3,Frankfort 2. Two base hits McKernan, Myerp. Home run Bohannon.Base on balls off Hauser 4, off Yer-s-kea1. Struck out by Yerkes 1, byCornell 3, by Hauser G. Left on basesParis 5, Frankfort 5. Double playsSeeback to Konnick to Myers. Stolen bases Myers 2. Sacrifice hitRapp. Sacrifice fly Seeback. 4 hits, 2runs off Yerkes in 1 2-3 innings. Timeof game 1 :47. Umpire Bohannon.JMONDAYij Rain prevented the game yesterdayJ at Frankfort between Paris and theLawmakers.25 Per. Cent. OFFtoU art TUN Sfs.CHRS. GREEN, ManagerOppsite Cwtrt Hit seBiiildiig Permits.ON ALLSTRAWHATSt 'Ml -ft.Bennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,vjMSPARIS,mj .AMhft regular meeting of th City 1 1 Jr.M.Couaql Thursday night Hon. C.rMMBHMMiimKENTUCKY'I-4-rV1;55 tCh 'DX T-..J'-'SX''!!"'' -!-&,r .JK"5f.s:THE BOURBON ? NEWSPAtaSEOTUCKY JUNE 27, iaiV1 "pp"4r-m BOURBON NEWS." - "ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGRemember W. Ed Tucker'sbig Summer Clearance Salebegins Monday, July 3," andends Saturday, July 15th.Don't miss it. Many bargainsawait you.Buys Cottage.Mr. Monin Moore yesterday purchased of Mr. Henry French his cottage onSixteenth street. Price private.Attention Bookkeepers.Ledgers, jorunals, day books, cashb:oks, rubber bands, inks, pens, pencils and letter files, in fact everythingneeded by the bookkeeper.27 2t PARIS BOOK CO.I. 0. 0. F. Picnic.A special rate will be offered on allrailroads to .the Odd Fellows Reunionon July 11. Quite a number fromParis will attend. The reunion will beheld at Fountaine Ferry, Louisville.Gillette Razor BladesresLarpened at 25 cents a dozen.FITHIAN FARIES,No. 7 Broadway.Blue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you withsacks. Both phones.G tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Three are Fined.TAs a result of the fieht in Winchester Friday between Umpire GeorgeFeye, Pitcher George Robbins andHogan Yancey of the Lexington club,the three men were arraigned inpolice court at Winchester and eachfined S15 and costs for breach of thepeace.Special.See our middle window for displayof pedestals. S3 50 values at $1.70.Game early as they will not last longat these prices.J. T. IIINTON.Bacon Returns from Scout.' President Bacon returned yesterdayfrom a scouting tour and brought withhim a young college hurler, B. F.French, who he thinks posseses all thequalifications of a fine pitcher. Kingwill probably pitch the game againstLexington this afternoon.Toe Amputated.Ben Leach, an employe of the Newsoffice who has been suffering for sometime with the great toe of his leftfoot, had Unaffected member amputated Friday morning. The operationwas perfcrmed by D:s. f A. H. Keller2nd C. G. Llaugherty. The joung manis doing nicely and in all piobabilitywill be able to resume his duties inthis office in about ten days.Children's Oxfords and Pumps.One lot children's tan oxfords andpump?, will close at 4S cents and 9Scent?, regular price SI. 50 and $2.GEO. McWILLIAMS.One Over on English.Before a jury in Police Court Saturday morning John Engiish was triedon a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct andjwas assessed a fine of$17.50. English was arrested by Patrolman Bishop. Several times duringthe past few months English has beena disturbing figure in the vicinity ofhis home on West street and has beenin Police Court charged with various 'offenses, each time being tried ueforej of Bourbon The luncheon was delicia jury, which failed to agree on a ver- ous, and enjoyed by forty-five guests,diet. Saturday when Patrolman Bish- Among those from a distance were:op placed him under arrest he was Mrs. i Cyril Goodman, Egypt; Misstaken before Judge January immedi-ately, a jury summoned and the casetried, resulting in his conviction.- Bargains this Week.Hammock chairs 90 cents; foldinglawn benches 75 cents, at J. T. Hinlon's this week.Attend the Concert.Attend the concert at the Presbyterian church on Friday, June 30 to begiven by Miss Mary Dan Harbeson.-he will be assisted by her bother, Mr.Robert Harbeson. Admission 50cents. Tickets on sale at Mitchell andBlakemore's. - 2tMrs. WalTingford Granted a Divorce. As a climax to an estrangementwhich has existed since last March,-"'Mrs. Roas Wallingford was Saturdayin the Bourbon Circuit Court grantedan absolute divorce from her husband,Dr. J. Wallingford, a prominentphysician of Paris, and by a decisionof the court the wife is to have thecustody of "the three children, Nannette, aged 10; J. Stuart, Jr., aged 13,Catherine Phillips,, aged 4 ; Vivian,aged 3 years, and the father, who is tocontribute to their maintenance, is tobe allowed to see them at certaintimes as prescribed by the court.The divorce proceedings are of asensational nature, and are grantedupon the grounds of incompatibility oftemper, resulting from an alleged assault committed upon the wife by Dr.Wallingford while in an uncontrollablep ssion.Through his counsel Dr. Wallingford filed a petition in answer to thatof his wife, and asked that the courtgrant him the custody of his children,which was overruled.Special this Week. NWall paper, porchmocks, Fwiaie modfurniture, Jmmnifi at socialpnc:s this wek.J. .T. HINTON. ' JPE1S0NAL MENTION.MraTidaBatterton is visiting relatives in MaysvilJe.r.Mrs. Alex Mellingerisvisitinerelatives at Toledo, Ohio.Miss Hilda Threl!:eld, of Maysville, is visiting her cousin, Miss Alleen Power.Mrs. Sallie Turney, o Qyntbiana,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs. R.K. McCarney.Miss Freida Heller will leave in afew days for a visit to Miss FlossieStaggs in Vanceburg.Miss Mae Thomas has returned toher home in Richmond after a visit toMrs. Homer Kisar.Mis. Lizzie Burke, of the Fordham Hotel, will leave this week fora visit to relatives in Tennessee.Mrs. T. Terrill, who has been visiting her son, Mr. Henry L. Terrill,has returned to her home in Virginia.Miss Frances Kenney Dudley,daughter of Dr. and Mrs. W. K. Dudley, is improving after a several weeks'illness. 'Mr. Clyde Huffman, of Huntington, W. Va., is visiting his parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Huffman, on EastMain street.Mrs. Helen Forsyth, after "a stayof several months in Greencastlp, Ind..has returned to Paris. She is muchimproved in health.-Mr. and Mrs. Walton Hill, ofNewport, returned home yesterdayafter a few days' visit to Mr. andMrs. Sidney G. Clay.Dr. S. W. Longan has gone toKansas City to be with his father,who is to undergo a serious operationat a hospital in that city.Miss Mary Dan Harbeson left yestcrdaylforher heme in Flemingsbdrg,but will return to Paris for the concert to be given at the Presbyterianchurch Friday evening.Miss Estella Heller has returnedto her horde in Newport after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. M.Heller. She was accompanied by hersister, Miss Alease Heller.Miss Josephine Hayden is at homefrom Montana where she has beenteaching in a deaf and dumb institute,to spend her vacation with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden.Miss Mabel Robbins. Superintendent of County Schools, left yesterdaymorning to attend the Kentucky Educational Asociation at Owensboro.irho. will be absent from her office "alltie week.Mr. Frank Kiser returned Fridaynight from Marblehead, Mass., wherehe has been attending the meeting ofthe "National Grainsmen's Association, which was in session there lastweek.Wednesday evening at his home onMain street Mr. James Higgins entertained a number of the local lodge orHibernians with an elegant dinner.Those present were T. C. Lenihan,George Doyle, Tom and Pat Kane, EdGorey, Father Eugene DeBruyn and J.B. Dempsey.J Mrs. Georiga Keller and MissBelle Mitchell received a telegramytsterday morning from Cleveland,O., saying that there was no hopesfor the recovery of their niece. MissMary Armstrong, who has been veryill for several weeks, but who wasthought to be improvingafter a recentoperation.Mrs.Henry Power and Miss AlleenPower entertained Miss Edna EarleHinton Saturday morning with a linenshower. Miss Hinton will be married Ion Wednesday evening to Mr. AmosTurney. Quite a number of entertainments havp hppn nivpn fnv Mica T4?n-.ton and Mr. Turney and none of them !was more ueaucuui in every uetauthan the linen shower given by Mrs.Power and Miss Power.--Mrs. Fredreick A. Wallis entertained Saturday with a buffetjluncheon at the home of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay, Sr., inhonor of Mrs. Cyril Gocdman, ofCairo, Egypt, formerly Miss Sue Clay.Haibeson, Flemingsburg Miss Susan-ella Spears, Covinaton: Mrs. Arnold.Newport; Mrs. Rhodes Shackleford.Richmond, and JVlrs. Hukle, KansasCity.Mr. and Mrs. Loui3 Taylor gave adinner: party Thursday evening attheir home in the country in honor ofMiss Edna Earl Hinton and Mr.fAmosTurney. The party colors were pinkand white and were prettily carriedout throughout the course dinner.Mr. and Mrs. Taylor's guests wereMiss Hinton and Mr. Turney, MissAlleen Powers and Mr. Jack Turney,Mrs. Arnold;Cincinnati ; Mr. Freeman,New York ; Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft and Mr. Oscar Hinton Mr. andMrs. Clell Turney, Mr. Wm. Taylorand Miss Woodford, Mr. and Mrs. JohnDavis, Mr. and Mrs. Chas. McMillanand Dr. and Mrs. J. T. VansantThe first of the series of entertainments to be given in honor of MissNan Wilson whose marriage will bequite a society event of next monthwas given by Mrs. Sidney G. Clay ather handsome country home on theMaysville pike Friday morning. Theguests were asked to a "miscellaneousshower." The gifts numbered aboutone hundred and among them wereexquisite pieces of drawn work, daintypieces of china, silk hose, embroideredtowels, silver and cut glass.A delicious buffet luncheon wasserved consisting of old ham, chicken,dressed tomatoes, cheese sandwiches,peas, hot rolls, coffee and frozenpunch.Mrs. Clay was assisted in entertaining by Mrs. James H. Thompson, Mrs.E. F. Clay, Jr., Mrs. Charlton Alexander, Mrs. Warren Bacon, Mrs. E.F. Arnold, Newport; Mrs. Walton Hill,Newport; Misses Nan Wilson, KateAlexander, Ollie Butler, Locaine Butler, Bew HolJsday, Frances Johnson,Sallie Daniels, Jand the beautiful Ifttledaughter of the houee. Miss AliceRogers Clay.-rJkfisfies KJpthefine andcilizabethBacknr, Louwe1 J3wdn of Campbelliyille; and Sarah Sajidera of Lab-anon, "who ,hav beeav the" guests bMissel Margaret and Edith Shiva,returned to their respective housesyeaterday.Mrs. Dunlap, of New York, is theguest of Mis a Mary F. Hutchcraft.Mrs. R. S. Swango is ill at GoodSamaritan hospital in Lexington.Mrs. Frank Snyder, of Louisville,Has returned home after a visit to hersistre, Mrs. Clark Barnett.Mr.Tenn.,Mrs. B.day.Cecil Appleby, of Pulaski,was the guest of his sister,M. Shive, Saturday andSun-Mr. and Mrs. John Davis entertained the Hinton-Turney weddingparty with a six o'clock dinner lastnight.Mrs. John Yerkes and little sen,William, Jr., returned yesterday aftera two weeks' visit with friends inCincinnati.Mrs. Sarah Hoffman and son, Rev.G. W. Hoffman, of'Wilmore, are theguests ofiMrs. Mary Paton on Mt.Airy avenue.Mr. and Mrs. A. L. SSicer haveas their guest, Mrs. S. A. Brackett,of Los Angeles, Cal., a sister of theformer. Mrs. Brackett has been visiting in Philadelphiaa and other Eastern cities.Miss Theresa McDermott is athome to spend her vacation. She wasaccompanied by her sister, Mrs. J. P.Hanley, of Louisville who will spenda week here. Miss McDermott, whohas held the position of principal ofthe Jeffersontown High School was reelected to that position for the comingterm.Pennant to be Unfurled Today.The 1910 pennant won by the Bourbonites will be unfurled to the breezesat White Park this afternoon, andweather permitting a record breakingcrowd is expected to witness the exercises incidental to the hoisting of thebunting- for which the Paris teamfought so gallantly last season.The exercises will begin promptlyat 2 :30 o'clock. Dr. A. H. Keller, anardent and loyal base ball fan, willmake the principal speech of " the day.His address will be along the linesof compliment to the pennant winnersof last year, to the fans who have lib-avollu ciinlinvfoH fhn hnma tnom undto the heads uf th lnCal clnh who hveprovided for the amusement of thepublic one of the best aggregations ufball tossers that ever participated m aiiijuur leugue Kuine.The Paris High School Band hasbeen engaged for the occasion, whichwill add to thp pleasure of the afternoon. Lexirgton will in all probability send a de-legation over on a specialtrain to witness the exjrcises and thecontest between the Cjits and Bourbonites. As an evidence of the interest thatis.being manifested on the part of themerchants to make this a memorableevent, several have signified their willingness to close their doors to allowtheir employe to attend the game.All the clothing stores in the city willclose from 2:30 until 5 o'clock withthis in view and many more are expected to follow their example. Unless all signs fail the pennant 'raisingwill be one of the greatest events inthe history of base ball in Paris.Circuit Court.In Circuit Court Friday the entireday was occupied by the StandardBank, of P1ay?ville, vs. S. D, Frazier.on a note of $700 and was continueduntil Saturday morning, wheQ thejury returned a verdict for the plaintiff bank.The damage suit of James Brookscolored, against Chief of Police J. C.Elgin for $2,000 resulted in a verdictfor the defendant. A number of Commonwealth cases were continued untilthe November term of court.Court adjourned Saturday at noon tobe convened again Monday morning,Judge Fryer spendit g Saturday afternoon and Sunday at his home in Butler. Yesterday morning Judge Fryer returned from'Butler and convened courtat ten o'clock. The case of QuinceyBurgess against the executors of the'will of John Tl Burgess entered into.Five witnesses had been examinedwhen court convened yestreday afternoon. The suit is an appeal from thecounty court to set aside the order oiprobation of the lower court. By theterms of the will of the deceased anestate of an approximate value ofSGO.OOO fs disposed of, the bulk of theestate being bequeathed to churchesand educational institutions.Two Free Tickets to Niagara.Considerable interest is being manifested in the contest which ManagerPorter, of the Paris Grand inaugurated last night. To the person receiving the highest number of votes at theend of the contest will be presentedtwo rouna trip tickets to NiagaraFalKThe voting comenced last night, andfrom the interest shown the contestwill be a warm one. The ten personsreceiving the highest number of voteslast night, will be the contestants.There being two tickets given enablesthe winner to select a companion tomake the trip with her. Several youngladies have jonied forces and will worktogether during the contest.To add interest to the contest Manager Porter will give any of the contestants one hundred admission ticketsto the Granu. When these are soldand the money for same turned in itwill entitle he seller to two hundredextra votes.This is one of the most liberial offers ever maed by the management! ofthe Grand. Everyone knows or hasread of the wonders of Niagara, and atrip to that place is a treat to be remembered ior years, and doubly sowhen it can be made free. Go ta theGrand every night and see that yourfriends go and cast your votes for yourfavorite in the race.DOG LOST.A little w.hite dog disappeared frommy place Sunday afternoon. I wttlrpay liberally for its return:ULAUUti M. THUMAK,-.27 3t ' - ; , rParis, Ky."WlawflJairy;"Having taken charge of the "Woodlawn Dairy" on the Bethlehem pike, Iwill on tnc' after July 1st, be prepared to deliver fresh milk, cream, butterand buttermilk to all part3 of the city.East Tennessee phone 54 ; Home phone79.R.F. JOLLIER.FOR RENT.The Dr. Stephens place on Cypressstreet. The best home for rent inParis. Apply toG. C. THOMPSON.E. T. Phone 594.FOR RENT.House of four rooms, pantry, bath,etc. Located on High between Sixthand Seventh. Apply toJ. B. NORTHCOTT,27 3t E. T. Phone 349.Keep a KodakRecord of YourFamilyThe pictures and the workafford aMasting pleasure.No dark-room for any parb ofthe, worfc simple and inexoensive.SimpleWe have the latest modelsKodaks and Brownie Cameras.ofKodaks $5 to $111Brownie Cameras $1 to$12Daugberty BrosnATREMENDOUS$ 1 .70.Don't Pail to Get One ofthesePEDESTALSeither in Golden Oak orMahogany finishTHERE ARESEVERAL PATTERNSDon't pail to get$1.70SpecialBis Reductions on Porch &RUGS AND CRRPETSU. ; T; AH I N T O NJ V ?lf ,V W !"f UW !. 9X ty7T;lNo presied-fingeredCUTmade and hand cut. Many new things new cuts,new designs, the popular Rock Crystal in manynew patterns at surprisingly low figures. If youare interested we will make a visit worth yourwhile.FORDOnly three Refrigerators left! Come inlet us price them. All "White Mountain."'4n-4H4-ViFEESStar Brand HamsThe Ham That Am;- Our Price per Pound15ci:I ArgoThe Best Starch Made3 Five Cent Boxes For 10cFEE'SLSomething Every Ons Can Use.KlaMWaWaarIBBBKaBBMone early, as there areA B,G bargh,nPrices on Wall Paper.AT BARGAINS THISVUDOR PORCHWlfv 'i t v !? if! 4V 4p& .ULAS8! I-:;blanks Every piece hand &J.& CO.and"iCut RateCash SpecialsStarchVALUE$1.70.xThese PEDESTALS areof two heights 36 and30 inches.The tops and bases are12 inches in diameter.Every one is polishedand heavy posts. Theyusually sell for $3.50.only fitly of them.$1.70Lawn Goods IWEEK.SHADES AND HAMMOCKS.JLn:rIfrTHE" B0RBPN .tNEfoS, PARIS,KEpmJGKY, JUNE 27, 1911.wv-ftHflBSEStStep LivelyStetson-Shoe your steppers properly for lively stepping.,The Dickey a medium high toe, smart StetsonStyle has a snappy appearance that appealsto the particular dresser and comfort-givingqualities that make it attractive to all.Let us have an opportunity to demonstrate toyou the superiority of Stetson Styles for livelysteppers.Mitchell & Blakemoref;"Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year"Sayei Hit Wife's Life.;"My wife would have been in hererrave today," writes O. H, Brown, ofMuscadine, Ala., "if it had not beenfor Dr. Kiw'g New Discovery. Shewa9 down in her bed. not able to getup without help. She had a severebronchial trouble and a dreadfulcough. I got her a bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery, and she soon beganto mend, and was well in a shorttime.'7 Infallible for coughs andcolds, it's the most reliable remedyon earth for desperate lung trouble,hemorrhages, lagrippe. asthma, hayfever, croup and whooping cough.oOc, $1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Negatively Speaking.No man can doubt and at the sametime still believe doubt indulged toooften becomes doubt realized and askeptic. No man ever can when hehas made up his mind he can't. Noman can succeed, and think and talkand breathe an atmosphere of failure.Ifs not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It's made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.. AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, 111.;ParisJLumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.DR. DOLLE,WALNUT STREET, between 5th and 6th 8ts. 'egular Graduate in Medicine Over 20 Years' Practice Over 1 8Yrs. in Cincinnatisrrtrs; chronic, Nervous Special DiseasesOoBcnltttion freo and confidential, personally or by letters. Charges low. NERVOUS DEKU.ITT sad WMTASIOUS DISEASES caused by indiscretions and ezcesses-perma-gently cored. Write me today, explaining your disease, and I will send mySpjmsjm WMf 6i pages, in which yon will find information that will ber WW KE w&UJ IV wort, its weight in gold to yon. Book sent sealed in plainwrapper free by mail or at office.WRITE TO-DAT TO CIXCDTXATI'S OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST TO MEN.Can You Blame Him?"What the trouble, Mr. Rockingham? You look worried." "I am,"replied the aged millionaire, who hadmarried a young woman. "A deep,dark suspicion has entered my mind.My wife has compelled me to quitwearing rubbers."v -.- .. ' ' , -' - .. t : ei r'li" y -. E. M. F. J2 30 iLightning Kills Few.In 1906 lightning killed only 169 people in this whole country. One'schances of death by lightning are lessthan two in a million. The chanceof death from liver, kidney or stomach trouble is vastly greater, but notif Electric Bitters be used, as RobertMadsen, of West Bcrlington, la.,proved. Four doctors gave him upa'ter eight months of suffering fromvirulent liver trouble and yellowjaundice. He was then completelycured by Electric Bitters. They'rethe best stomach, liver, nerve andkidney remedy and blood puiifier onearth. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.E L&SXWF CPI I WAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,MiB Kd tf-V.rMWj .JLMLjLBLLLmSHINGLES, POSTS,SASHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD ANDSOFT COAL,AGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing.The Average Picnic.If a man will take a hard-boiledegg. a thin ham sandwich, and abadly fractured glass of lean lemonade out on the lawn and sit down ona rustic bench if there is one, hewill come close to making a noisesimilar to the average picnic.Electric Kissing.There seems to be another newthing in electricity. The little manicure girl in one of the recent playssays to her admirer: "Yes, you didkiss me I You kissed me seven timesfour times direct and three timesalternating."iW- TL. V.. UfL.-i w a j .... . . . -tff irc iuui nncii. luur worn ana DUCKW.ieat 10 the Urist Yffl Mil!, But Gome Here for Your (X1 MILL WORK!Jf We are headquarters for everything in that line. Sash, Doors iMd Blinds, Storm Doors, Screen Doors, Window Screens, etc., "etc.. at Wlowest prices. Ti 12 TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.?ttt!PUBLIC SALE.OF.Handsome City Residence.ANDThree Beautiful Building Lots.We will sell at .public auction, without reserve or by-bid, onTUESDAY, JUNE 2T, 1911,at 2:30 p. m, on the premises, on Seventh street, in Paris, Ky., the W. T.OVERBY PRO PERTY, which is described as follows:x A certain house and lot situated on the South side of Seventh street, lotJ.IUUUUZ iw ieet on sam street and extending back 195 feet mdre or less, andcontaining a handsome brick residence of nine rooms, three halls, two porchesbata room; and concrete cellar under the entiie house. 'This is a modern, convenient houme, in excellent repair, fitted with gelectric light, chandeliers, heated by furnace and has a slate roof. Outbuildconsist of a stable, chicken house, meat house, etc., and has a SDlendifcawlen, grape arbor, fruit and shade trees.JLAt 6e mItinie we will sell three adjoining building lots, one fronting 55J2L2? iX?nJ 8treet and etendsng back 195 feet, more or loss, and twoxreMmr 60 feet each on same street and extending back 307 feet, more9SttU property is located on one of the best streets in Paris, about twoM4s from car line and business center of town, and is convenient and desiraMt m every respect.-TERMS Easy and made known on day of sale.HARRISDeafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucuouslining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, Deafnessis the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberobtored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; ninecabes out of ten are caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & COToledo, O.Sold by Druggists, ToeTake Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Why, Professor!A Harvard professor has discovered that woman's waist is inci easingIn size. Soon some learned personwill be making the remarkable observation that man's arm is growing inlength.Selling Gold Bricks.Where one cool and cunning sharper makes good selling a gold brick toan unsophisticated man a dozen unsuspecting citizens are sure successfulin passing the gilded oblong ontothemselves.Lucky Prima Donna.It Is, indeed, a lucky prima donnawho can have her artistic proficiencymeasured by the amount of jewelryshe wears.Worth Heedinfl.When blows of affliction or bereavement fall, the best advice for ourneeds is that scrap of street wisdomthat floated to my ears: "Keep quietand go on." Exchange.OOOF. O. B. DetroitVPOWER To go anywhere. vRELIABILITY-Noneleverworeout. ;ECONOMY-Eay on tire and fuel. ,.APPROVED-By 25,000; owners.Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster Modei;$1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.ttloodlne Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation. Boston, Mass.Gentlemen.-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, 111.W. T. Brooks, Agent.-Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions,pure drugs andprompt service.Harden S Son.Druggi$trHave Stood The Test.ifettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true econpmy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tantRussia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.MVVillIVT ""i.;li.7 Z -TI ! C ,i - Wsnu mure lu:h.cu! given un rairie unui runner notice vmiBKlHaMWTnPCVKlBHKIIVnSf iJLSPJIwm&mmzr'VismfmMwv&zww&I T.TrrrrTTTi iSUCCESSORS TOHOLLIDAY & SETTLEGarriaae and Repair shod at Paris. Ku;,LInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.JrWASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your laat cent to Andthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distent springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning: itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If von have Tint alrMilv t-ftaA Ifat least a 25-cent bottle today. W cs- Yard at Office. 'Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comf ortabU, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it After that we want to show yoiour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.ParisLumber & M'f q Company,Incorporated1m'it . ,JilVI;BvFIW.Q.V.-J - -rr r-J 5 " Main Ste.,lUal.Bftefe DmumA- "" - ' 1 m. m w wswmmm.i -v rJB-.Home Phooe,12; C. T. 530V-CJ",' ? s-'VW.-- &'iWA-"", '"-- )r'?k . v:prtjfvi- '4 J1 - -r . , 4 r: x -- . 'i.'-'.- t.-"o'--"it-THE' BOURBON" NEWS! PARIS,; KENTUCKY. -JUNE 27.I,T ' fK,-t i . y ' r -- , - -27V191L - -L ' -' t .v -93SBa9BeS9K-9CBBP ,GOOD LIVERWhen you suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating, ifyou belch, if j'our skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,-which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle.Thousands of people first- learnedFOR SALE.ONational Cash Register, latestpatern. Will sell cheap for cash.Call phune.72S E. T., or addressundersigned. FItENUii THUA1FSUN.3t'aris, Ky. IBaldwin racKing o,,"TheIModdPaclringPlant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other goodthingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand'dealers.JBaldwinPacking Co.Paris, Kentucky.WALTERSsMHNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a -world-widereputation. In every graincrowmir country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare: lightness of draft:handiness of operation;MADEdurability of construction: ability to do perAfect work in any kindof cram, accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knottenabsence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its'f lrst successful binder, andnow give it itsmost successfulone a finder thatiYERKES &Announcement.I have locatpd in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the! pasttwenty years, and can handle1 yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERMartin Bros.,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingana Livery Business.The best Rigs' for hire.Hones Boarded by the Day orIfonth., We have for hire at reasonablepatM aifirrt claw Automobile.RTIN BROS,REMEDY FREEof this remarkable cure for stomach,liver and bowel troubles through afree sample. Mrs. Frank Liljy ofPlainview, 111., sent for one and itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, thePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for all the family frominfancy to old age, because it is mild,free from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or money willbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.FOR RENT.our room house, large barn andother outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in the city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS.24 tfor GEO. RASSBNP03SIWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billsBYwith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Thm BtYmt'KENNE Y.To Consumers ofWATER:Your attention is called to thefollowing rule:The use of hose is limitedto two hours per day, and inno case to be used betweenthe hours of 9 p. m. and 5a.Jm.Many persons are allowing" hoseto be run on gardens at night.You will please observe the aboverule, as I will see this is done.For each violation of the aboverule a fine of 2 will be imposed,and if not paid, water will beshut off.Paris Water Co.,NEWTON MITCHELL, SuptMoney and Man.When a man can make money justa little bit faster than he can manageto let go of it, and can hold onto thesurplus so that another can .never separate him from it even with a steelcrowbar; the he -is Tit any old waxyon try to solve the' problem of moneyaad mal. ' ' . ,GflTflRRH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure ifc bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that, cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake" our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata. simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son." Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky Fairs for1911 as far as reported. Officers offairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown, July 25 3 days.Lancaster, July 2( 3 da-s.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 23 days.Berea, August 3 3 days.Lexington, August 7 (5 days.Uniontown, August 8 5 days.Taylorsville, August 8 1 days.Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabethtown, August 9 i days.Lawrenceburg, Angust 154 days.Leitchfield, August 154 days.Burkesville, August 15 4 days.Brodhead, August 163 days.Fern Creek, August 16 3 days.Shepherdsville, August 224 days.London, August 22 i days.Hardinsburg. August 223 days.Shelbyville, August 22 1 days.Liberty, August 233 days.Erlanger, August 23 4 da s.Germantown, August 24 3 days.Nicholasville, Augast 29 3 days.Somerset, August 29 4 days.Bardstown, August 30 4 days.Franklin, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 46 days.Monticello, September 5 1 days.Alexandria, September 5 5 days.Mount Olivet, September 5 4 days.Hodgenville, September 53 days.Sanders, September 0 1 days.Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,Saptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 20 4 days.Glasgow, September 27 1 days.Mayfield, September 27 4 days.Classification of Diamonds.The diamond called a brilliant has68 facets. A rose diamond is facetedonly on the top; it has a flat bottom.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," wrlte3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars.- but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofgkin impurities.The fact Is, that while D. D. D. Isgo penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the nothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle .will gije you positive -proof ofthe . wonderful effectiveness of thisfrtst rtmsdjr. J- " i ' ' Xf - ". ' ...- .?. ':.London Club ttnutts. ?' .,The American duchess, followed byher motor, led Miss Cochon of Chicagoont St. James street"Oh, there's the duke!" cried MissCochou of Chicago as they passedBrooks club, but the duchess said hurriedly: "Don't look at him, my dear, or hewill cut you. Don't you understandclub etiquette?""No; not if it differs from other etiquette." "Well," said the duchess, "it differsaltogether. The club, you see, originated in London. The club has beendefined as the weapon wherewith thesavage keeps the white woman at adistance. In club etiquette women areignored. As you pass White's or theCarlton, the Junior Carlton or Brooksyou will see your best friends, top hatpushed back and hands folded on stick,glaring solemnly at you from this window or from that, but your bestfriends won't speak to you. It isn'tclub etiquette. And if you spoke tothem it would be a worse faux pasthan if you appeared at court underthe influence of liquor." CincinnatiEnquirer.Delicate Generosity.One of the many stories of Grantwhich grip the hearts and minds ofthe people was once told by. GeneralSimon B. Buckner at a meeting ofConfederate veterans."Grant and I were chums at WestPoint," began General Buckner. "Ihad befriended him at one time, and itcan justly be said of him that he neverforgot a kindness. After the Unionvictories at Henry and Donelson I metGrant on the boat at the surrender,and he followed me when I went toheadquarters. He left the officers ofhis own army and followed me withthat modest manner peculiar to himinto the shadow and there tendered mehis purse pressed it into my handwithout a word."It seemed to me," concluded General Buckner, "that in the marvelousmodesty of his nature he was afraidthe light would witness that act ofgenerosity and sought to hide it fromthe world, almost from his own soul."Music of "The Lost Chord."The music of "The Lost Chord" wascomposed under most touching conditions. Arthur Sullivan was watchingby the bed of. his dying brother, Frederick. One night shortly before deaththe invalid sank into a peaceful slumber. Arthur, who attended his brother day and night, took the opportunity to read, and it happened" thathis eyes fell on Adelaide Anne Procter's poem, "The Lost Chord." Theverses impressed him greatly, and music appropriate to them suggested itself to his mind. Taking a sheet ofmusic paper, he began to write, and soabsorbed was he in his task that hesat hour after hour working at it untilthe song was completed. Probablythe acute emotional conditions underwhich the music was composed account largely for the power to touchthe emotions which undoubtedly "TheLost Chord" possesses. George LeonVarney in National Magazine.A Go as You Please Railway.The Quest-Etat railway is a standing joke in Paris on account of itsslipshod ways. They tell there thisstory of an incident which happenedwhen M. Briand was premier:A Russian prince was in Brittanyand wanted to come up to Paris. Hetelegraphed to his secretary. "Shallarrive Invalides tomorrow 8 a. m.Don't want accident to train. SeeBriand about it." The secretary called on the prime minister, who wasmost affable. "It is not the generalcustom on the Quest-Etat to avoid accidents," he said, "but 1 will ask thedirector to see what can be done."The express arrived safely withoutthe smallest mishap, but six hours anda half late, during all which time theRussian prince's secretary had beenwaiting on the platform.His Three Questions."I'll just bet you cigars for thecrowd," said one of a party of prominent men to one of the number whowas bragging of what he could do,"that you can't answer 'yes to anythree questions I ask you.""Done," said the boasting one,"Well, were you ever in jail?""Yes.""Were you ever electrocuted?""Yes.""Will you pay for the cigars if Iloao?" Curtain. New York World.Cause For 'Thanks,Small Elmer, who had just receiveda severe scolding, said, "Am I reallyso bad, mamma?""Yes, Elmer," she replied, "you havebeen a very, very bad boy.""Well," rejoined the youngster aftera moment's reflection, "you ought tobe thankful that 1 ain't twins." Chicago News.Beyond the Husband Stage."Yon say you "are your wife's thirdhusband?" said one man to- anotheiduring a talk."No; I am her fourth husband," wasthe reply."Heavens, man," said the first man."you are not a husband; you're ahabit!" Ladies' Home Journal.Nerve.Lady Why do you give me this bitof paper? Tramp Madam,. I do noilike to criticise ycur soup, but it is notlike mother used to make. Allow mfto give you her recipe. Fliegende Blatter. Agreeable advice is rarely useful advlce MassUUn.MLOab !6ANKSTOCK- . IPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlvmercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely chaneincr the entire hodvinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or bVexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samnlessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe vour troubleana tree medical adviceSold by Varden & Son.given.One of the Manv PooularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately nriced one. tnnIf you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof vour securinp- a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.m1 JM iMaoe to FaG6!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class'goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.Twin Bros,LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.etBSsVmmmmmmmmmmmmmM'AttendTwin Bros.Big daleNow Going On1TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores jn One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyIf you wish to sU your tookprivately or publicly, placs ftAUCTIONEER M. F. KENN1Y, '14 mch 3m E. T. pfcesw 6ttLOVER M YCAIEXPERIENCEDcSMMtJCOPYRMHTS ACAnrnne sendinsr a sketch and deserlptkmanlcklr ascertain our opinion free whether .invention is probnblr patentable. CoHaiaaataa.tiona strictly conOdential. HANDBOOK oa Patentssent free. Oldest acency for aecurmfr poteata,Patents taken through Mann & Co. r6lYarpeciai nonce., witnout cuarsre, m toScientific JlniciicmuA handsomely Illustrated weekly. TJircwt circulation of any scientinc Journal. Tail, It ayp ir: four months, L Sold by all newsdealers.MUNN&Co.""'-rtewYtfkBranch Office. 635 F SL. Washliwto.D.C.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything: neat andS barbers always ready to wait on thmtrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.4S4CONEDROPdo-cm the throat of a "firapeychicken deatroy3 the "worawand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking: waterCURES anPREVENTS GAPESvrhitc diarrhoea and other chickdiseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medietas.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle oithis medicine on hand. Ask for tree booklet oex,"Diseases of Fowls."For Sale by W. T. Brooks.kc9aug ,liSEEISBBBBBBBBBBB TRADEtf .leWe Bill W elel ememememeWeWajt. o. . varaen oo.. .--ir kt .T-, - - - ,VNc, ''. - r. v'A: vJHE BOUjtBORlNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; - JUKE 27.C.19H;A -;LJ7utMILLE1SBURG ITEMS.T:Chili Bitten liy Do J.Mrs. ' Hetty JBrownifter a serious illness.is improvingMiss Louise Cray left Friday for avisit to friends at Cynthiana.Mrs. Robert! Boon, ofJLexington, is"visiting her brother, Mr. Lacy Clark.Mr. James Thomases, of Chicago, isvisiting his brother, Squire E. P.Thoroason.'The new L. & N. depot is completedand Asrent W. V. Shaw moved into itThursday.Mrs. Ernest Boston and children, ofTexas, are visiting her father, Mr. J.G. Smedley.Mi, and Mrs. F. L. Faulkerson, of.-Augusts, are visiting the family ofMr. J. R. Allen.Mr. M. H. Current left Saturdayfor a'visit to his son, Mr. Earl Current, in Lexington.Mrs. Elizabeth Powling. of Carlisle,was the guest several days of heraunt, Mrs. M. E. Martin.Mr. William Letton.of Atlanta, Ga.,arrived Friday as the guest of bismother. Mrs. Jennie Lettcn.Mrs. Frank Collier and children havereturned to their home in Paris after.a visit to Mrs. Mattie Parnell.Miss Mayme McGill returned to herhome at Frankfort Monday after aseveral days' visit to Mrs. J. 0. A.Vaught.Miss Ida Lee Haris, guest of MissLouise Cray for peveral weeks vascalled to her home in Virginia, by telegram Friday on account of the seriousillness of her uncle.Mir. Arthur Thimason and familyw ho have been the guests of his parents, Squire and Mrs. E. P. Thomasonlort he past two weeks left Saturdaylor their home in Chicago.The Epworth League ConferenceWhich PfinVPnpH hnrt Tlinadou aiianinir1came to a close Friday afternoon after agca carmeeting. A vote of thanks was tendered the people of Millerbsuig forthe elegant manner in which the delegates had been entertained. The conference will meet next year in Cynthiana.A child of Go. Ro3e was severelybitten by a dog at the home on LilleEton avenue Sunday afternoon. Its facewas badly lacerated.Schedule for the Week.Following is the schedule for Paristvis week: Tuesday, Lexington itParis; Wednesday and Thursday, Wirchester at Paris; Friday, Richmond atParis, two games; Saturday, Lexington at Paris ; Sunday, Frankfort atParis, two games.Aatoist Has Narrow Escape.Dr. William Kenney, the popularParis physician, had a very narrowescape a few nights ago, while outdriving m his motor car, at the handsof an irate faitxier, who was in the actof letting him have the contents of adouble-barrel shotgun. yDr. Kenney was returning to Parisand when on the pike leading fromShawhan to Kiserton and directly infront of the home of Squire Jake Keller when one of the tires of his machine blew out.with a tremendous report, (you know Kenney never doesanything by, ha Ives) arousing half theneighborhood. Squire Keller and his.family included, .and forcing him tobring his machine to an abrupt stop.Thinking perhaps some tourist hadfired upon his watch dog, which wasmaking considerable noise in the yard.Squire Keller rolled out of bed grabbed his shotgun and made his way tothe road where he challenged theowner of the disabled auto, demandingto know why he had fired upon his dogwhich was in the inclosilre.The situation was rathar embarrassing for Dr. Kenney, who in the face ofthe gun and in almost total darknesshastily explained the cause of the accident, revealed his identity and appealed for aid. Squire Keller and Dr.Kenney being great friends, the former made profound apologieB. Goingto the house he procured lanterns andreturning with the entire family tothe scene of the accident rendered valuable assistance in repairing the dam-Pt sill Report.By ordervof the Postoffice Department at Washington, post offices throughout the Union during the month ofMay were compelled to count thenumber of pieces of mail received anddispatched during that month.The records at the local office, notincluding the number of pieces handled by the eight rural carriers, whichis incomplete, shows the numher ofpieces of mail dispatched as follows :First class, 56,662 ; second class, 12,874 ; third class, 2,060; fourth class,879 ; Congressional matter, 906 ; franked matter (pension reports and officialbusiness) 706 ; foreign letters, 61 : registered letters, 184 ; a totalof 74,314. j.Number of pieces received at the Parisoffice: First class, 80,760; secondclass, 53,860; third class, 17,452-ffourihclass, 2,068; Congressional matter,4,073; franked matter, 658; foreignletters, 71; registered letters, 197.Total number of pieces received, 159,139. Of the 'total number of pieces ofmail dispatched 20,944 were collectedby three city carriers, who deliveredto patrons on their routes during themonth 116,151 pieces, a litila morethan three fourths of the entire amounthandled by the local postoffice clerks.Tan Oxfords and Pumps.One hundred and fifty pairs of ladies'tan oxf oids and pumps, regular pn'ce$3 and $3.50, now at $1.48, for cashonly.GEO. McWILLIAMS.Public Sale of Valuable PropertyThe handsome residence and groundsof W. T. Overby, on Seventh street,will, be sold in four parcels on Tuesdayafternoon, June 27, at 2:30 o'clock.This is one of the most desirablehomes in Paris, and the three buildinglots adjoining can't be equaled inParis.Fruits, Fruits.If you want the best fruits and vegetables call 207.C. P. COOK & CO.Invitations Recalled.Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Hinton regretthat on account of the illness of Mr.Hinton they find it necessary to recallthe invitations to the wedding reception of their daughter, Edna Earl, andMr. Amos Turney at nine o'clock onthe evening of Wednesday, June thetwenty-eighth. The wedding ceremonywill be witnessed by the relatives anda few intimate friends of the brideand groom at seven-thirty o clockfirst planned.Epworth Leaus.Keoranizes."The reorganization of the Paris Epworth League -of the M E. church,South, took place Sunday night. , TheEpworth League Council met in ' thepastor's study and elected the following officers for the ensuing year :President Dennis V. Snapp.First Vice President Miss 'BeatriceTerry.Second Vice President Miss MinnieShy.Third Vice President Miss EttaBheeler.Fourth Vice President Miss MarthaMattox.Secretary Elbridge L. Snapp.Era Agent Miss Bessie Mclntyre.After the nomination of the aboveofficers. Rev. T. W. Watts, of Millersburg, President of the KentuckyEpworth League Conference, madean excellent address on the EpworthLeague and its various departments,after whicn the League proceeded toreorganize, a large number of members being enrolled. This was followed by an election of the officers previously nominated.ine new odicers are requested tomeet immediately after prayer meeting Wednesday night at the Methodistchurch,' to plan the years' work. . Theregularly monthly business meetingwill be held Thursday night, at 7 :30o'clock. This will be the last meetingpresided over by the old officers andevery old member is earnestly requested .to be present to finish last year'sworK. The new officers will bestalled at an early date.asW. T. Overby Property to be SoldJune 27.Auctioneer Speakes will sell publicly for Mr. W. T. Overby, of Cincinnati, on Tuesday, June 27, at 2:30 p. m.,the beautiful brick residence, anathree valuable building lots adjoining,on Seventh street. This is very desirable property, is in a good neighborhood, close to the city school, and buta few minureds walk of Main street.This i3 an opportunity to secure avaluable home that does not presentitself often. Better take advantageof it.BIRTHS.Born, Friday. June 23, to the wifeof Stanton Rummans, formerly MissMinnie Tuttle, a daughter rdna Earl.IUt.A TIMELY TIP!mtmmmmmmmm n mm hum i mm. m ihimmh mimuhmm iGet Your Summer Footwear From Us,Ther's An Advantage.We Sell High Grade Footwear at a Great Saving.We Sell Nothing But Shoes,Shoes is All We Sell,But We Do Sell Shoes.We Sell and show more Footwear than any other store in the city.We sell all the latest style Footwear.Specials For SaturdayLadies' White Kid and Canvas Pumps,with or without straps, former price$2.49 and $1.99.Special $1.49Men's comfortable Olive Elk and Canvas Outing Shoes, just the thing forthe warm weather.Special $1.24Infants' Soft Sole Slippers in White and Tan Kid, 25c value 14c.DAN COHEN336 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyAT THE-MG ELECTRIC SIGNM- ' Appraisors File leptrt.Condemnation suits wert filed recentlybyvthe L. & N. railroad against prpoerty owners along; th present rightof way for the purpose of securingenough ground for the purpose ofdouble-tracking their lines.Judge Dundon appointed Messrs. E.P. Claybrook, Joseph H. Ewalt and S.L. Weathers, as appraisers, and aftera two days' session they handed intheir report Friday.The following property and theowners of samejs given below :B. B. Marsh, "seven acres and damages, 54,965.Clarence Kenney, 30 feet oft lot,$125.Mrs. Sallie A. Turner, 30 feet offthree lots, 600.Mrs. Nannie, Chisholm, 30 feet offlot $100.J. M. Calvert, 30 feet off lot $110.1 Wilford Settle, etc., 30 feet off lot$150.J. T. Riser, fraction of acre anddamages, $375.Called Meeting.A Mass Convention of Republicansis called for Saturday, July 8, at 1 :C0p. m. at old Christian church for thepurpose of selecting delegates to stateconvention to be held in LouisvilleJuly 11, 1911.GEO. W. STUART. Chairman.W. A. THOMPSON. Sect.Ladies' Canvass Shoes.in-Public Sale.See advertisement incclumn of the (JvrebvHandsome city home and three beautiful building lots. Sale at 2:30 p. m.on June 27.HARRIS & SPEAKES.td Geo. D. Speaker Auctionepr.anotherproperty.Card of Thanks.The Health Bpard is glad to reportthat Mr. Mitchell, the manaccr of thewater works plant, has just emptiedand thoroughly cleaned the stand pipe,then in the next day or two he willflash all "dead ends " etc. He hasgiven every evidence of his willingnessto assist the Board in its efforts forfirst class sanitation. Were othersjust as prompt our labors would belessened. We individually thank him.BOARU OF HEALTH.City of Paris.DEATHS.Z News was received here yesterdayof the death of Miss Dick McClintock,which occurred in Westboro.O., yesterday. The dispatch gave no partiularsin regard to her (death. She was asister of the late Mrs. E. J. McKinney, of this city, and resided here until recently. Miss McClintock, whowas aged about 60 years was a consistent member of the Prebsyterianchurch. iThe remains will be shippedto Paris arriving here Wednesdaymorning. Funeral services will beheld in the Presbyterian church at10:30 o'clock, conducted by Rev. Dr.P.M. Shive Burial in Paris emeteiyLadies, white canvas highregular price $o, will close out$2.98. Cash only.GEO. McWILLIAMSatA Rare Chance.PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen Furniture. .Having disposed of my residence, Itwill nn tho nramicac in PToif Parisshoe",Wednesday, June 28th, 1911,at 10 ocMock a. m., sell my household and kitchen furniture, consistingof one dining room set, bed room set.You will never have a better chance one handsome new brass bed, featherto secure a nice home or a more beau-', beds, one old-Iashioned chest ot draw-tiful building lot than nn Jimp 27 whpn ers. druggets, one hne Jersey milchthe Overby property on Seventh streetwill be sold at 2:30 p. m. See ad inanother column. tdcow and many other articles.C F. DIDLAKE.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.cOur Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.! REMEMBER THISrIThe "House of Oualitv" onlv car- IIries the very best in Solid Silver IV H H muT Pl . BV W H MM H .m. M M W H M M M H M " 'WWW WMAA AWW JWU W11J illlllgfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.I Botl'The House of Quality.'Both Phones.JXThere Are Two(0)(0)Soris ofFURDITURE,The wrong kind and the right Theright kind ustially costs a littlemore than the other, it HAS to, butit's not dearer on, that account,really cheaper.The right kind can always -be foundat this store, and you are askedto pay the smallest possibleprices for it.Then our selections are large enoughto enable a customer to choose ;exactly what is wanted.If NOT the factory is but a dayor so away.We are glad to give our timeto lookers.-0.The New Better Value Stor6C. M. Wheeler Furniture CaCorner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingC im-V"5v&. -HIi:, ouin ifcurHUNts .- -'"' 4V" "v .xrr,.