"i.JS VjN. T" .THE BOURBON NEWS&PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, ERIDAY, AUGUST 11, 1911.irmraamimmmmmaimmmmaKtmmmmmmiMmmmmauiimammmmmcmmammMmimmmmmamBsnmmtmmmmmanmsMmmKmuammmrBmmmamcost.y&&nfliMBHMSMiHBIiHBHiaitS6mi-W66K1U SD66la1SAt TheSIMONDep't Store,Monday, Aug. 14y1 5c Pillow Cases at half-price, 7Jc,4- to a customer.Sale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE All Summer Goods atmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmtM?p k.5!5&BEST GROCERIESCost Least At The Robneel.16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar $1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50Blueing, 2 boxes 05Best Gun Powder Tea, per pound. .'. 75Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per pound.. ,.50Full Quart Can Karo Syrup .10Brooms, 5-Tie 25Five Gallons Best Oil 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack .1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. O. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space" Next Week,STRAW HATS VI OFFREGULAR PRICEPANAMA HATS25 Per Cent OffONE LOT BOYS' 50c GAPS NOW 15cPrice & Co.,Clothiers.be EscapedInmate.AsylumIA. C. Pack, arrested in this city andlodged in jail on a charge of forgery,proved to be an escaped inmate of theafcvlum at Lexincrton. which was disclosed after an investigation made bythe police of this city Wednesday, anahe wasjreturned to that institution.Pack? who cave Cincinnati as hishome, had been around Paris severaldays and appeared to be m search 01employment. He applied at a numberofgplaces but without result. Tuesdaymorning he entered the store of Mr.James Daugherty on Main street and8sked to be given a blank FirstNational Bank check.Securing the check he stopped on hisway out of the store at a desk and filled out the check for $9 which wasmade payable to himself and signedthe name of J. A. Daugherty. Goingacross the street he presented it to themanager of the National Five and TenCent Store, and asked for the moneyupon it, hut payment was refused.He then agreed to discount he checkrather than go to the bank.and he wasagain refused.Pack theL went to the grocery storeof S. T. Chipley on South Main streetand presented the check. Being refused he went across the street .o CurtisHenry's, agreeing again to discountthe check but Mr. Henry declined tocrive him the money. In the meantimewMr. Chipley called Mr. Daughertyover the telephone, who informed himthe check was a forgery and told himto hold the man. Pack returned in afew minutes and Mr. Chipley, whowas on the lookout for 5 him, informedhim he had gotten some money in andwould cash the check. Detaining hima few imnutes Chief of Police Elginarrived on tne scene and took the imaninto custody.On being searched at the jail anoth$1er check payable to A. C. Pack wasfound in his possession which wasmade out for $9 and the name of J. W.White signed to it. Pack, who looked to be about 19 years of age appeared at the boarding house of Mrs. LinaCox and asked for accommodations.Upon being informed he would hate tonav in advance he went away but reHfturned shortly afterward with an orderbearing the signature of B. P. Thomas. He claimed he had securedemployment at the tailoring establishment of Thomas Bros.Pack, at times acted queerly whichprompted the police to institute aninvestigation before taking the manto trial. On his shirt was found thenumber "63," which led them to believe he had escaped from an asylumwWW(USand Chief of Police Elgin got intoimmediate communication with theauthorities at Lakeland.He gave a description of the manheld in custody which was identicalwith that of one of the inmates whohad escaped from that institution lastSunday. Wednesday atternoon an attache of the asylum came to Paris andidentified the man, who was takenback to Lexington.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper bargains.County Committee Meets.A meeting of the Democratic CountyCommittee was held in the court houseMonday over which Chairman C. C.Clarke presided. W. D. Mclntyre actMred as temporary secretary, lne mowing were certified to the State Boardof Election commissioners from whichwill be selected the Bcurbon CountyBoard of Election Commissioners : W.B. Ardery, B. B. Marsh, W. G. Talbott, W. D. Mclntyre and I. D.Thompson.Mr. R. K. McCarney by a unanimousvote was selected as Chairman of theBourbon County Democratic CampaignCommittee.Eating Apples.We can supply you with fancy Virginia eating apples. Phone us.SAUER'S GROCERY,.Opp. court house.Atlantic City and Return.The Chesapeake & Ohio railway willrun a special train to Atlantic CityAugust 17, leaving Lexington at 11 :40Wa. m.. rate S17.00 round trip, good iddays. Liberal stopovers returning.Sleeping car diagramsjare now open.Persons wanting space reserved pleaseaddressGEORGE W. BARNEY, D P. A.,Lexington, Ky.rmKentucky Tobacco Worst inYears.The government has made an exhaustive report on the tobacco crop.In the burley district only 61 percent of the 1910 area wa3 planted.Planting was irregular owing to theirregular rains. The present conditiondoes not indicate a good crop.The Paducah district as a whole hasabout 66 per cent of last year's acre:1Hiage. The stand is bad and the prospect is for a late inferior crop.The crop in the Henderson districtis two -weeks late, with a bad stand,the condition being the worst in several years, the government says.The condition in the upper GreenRiver district does not indicate a goodcrop. On account of the low priceslast year very little burley has beenplanted in this district.Prosnects in the unner CumberlandSSfe:3miHidistrict are declared to be "the poorestin several years."Concerning the Clarksville and Hopkinsville district the report says thatthe prospect is "for the shortest andpoorest crop in years."Kentucky's total tobacco acreagethis vear is criven as 310.500 bv thegovernment. The condition 5 of thecrop of the State at large is .69, asagainst .88 in 1910 and a ten-year average of .84.Proves toIMMz&we kinow now "STRAWHALF1We are selling our entire line of Straw Hate andPanamas at half-price. Plain Straws. Rough Strawand Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowns, all Shapes and Styles.Come in and buy a hat that will keep your headcool during this hot month, and it will cost you butvery little.Look For The New StoreMitchell &Outfitters to MenH EimimiiiiiiimuiiiiimmriiiiiiimimimiinFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles inLAWNSWhite Grounds, 4 Black Figures and Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at 10 and 12 l-2c a yardNew Fall Styles in Dress Ginghamsat 10 and 12 l-2c yard,-3irSUMMER SLIPPERSWe have just received several of the very newest stylesin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede atJ. 95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pairRemnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash Goodsf, Calicoes, Etc., all at Big Reductionsa isvFrankcI Paris, -liiBuiiui'iiiHiiiiinuiuiiBiraniimniniiiiiniiiiiiiiw&mzwi 4HATS ATPRICEBlakemore,Paris, Kentucky& Co. IKentuckyiiiiiiiiiHiniiiiiuuiuumiinHiiiiiiiiiiiuriiMiiiruiiiiiiiuiiifiV-'(II.fr1ViiM!$$fef&S3m JTTv Jn,- .-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 11, 1911.THE BQURBON NEWSNo Man is StrongerThan His Stomachrf n ; 1 1. h ; nanBOTH 'PHONES, 124.' NO. 320 MAIN STREET.A strong man is strong all over. No man can bestrong who is suffering from weak stomach with itsconsequent indigestion, or from some other diseaseof the stomach and its associated organs, which impairs digestion and nutrition. For when the stomachis weak or diseased there is a loss of the nutritioncontained in food, which is the source of all physicalsfrnrfth When a man "doesn't feel iust right,"103SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow eriiimjwi.w.,iiwiilwiiy...JJ.iiiji(i"Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postofnce as Second-class Mail Matter.. -nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnEstablished in 1881 2$ Years of Continuous Publication, 'Display advertisements, 1.00 'per inch for first time; 50cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.iPublished Every Tuesday and Friday.when he doesn't sleep well, has an uncomfortablefeeling in the stomach after eating, is languid, nervous, irritable and despondent, he is losing the nutrition needed to make strength.Such a man should use Dr. Pierce's Golden MedicalDiscovery. It cures diseases of the stomach and otherorgans of digestion and nutrition. It enriches the blood,invigorates the liver, strengthens the kidneys, nourishesthe nerves, and so GIVES HEKLTH Z1ND STRENGTH TOTHE WHOLE BODY.You can't afford to accept a secret nostrum as a substitute for this nonalcoholic medicine of xnown composition, not even though the urgent dealermay thereby make a little bigger profit. Ingredients printed on wrapper.5 " Elasily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFireproof Stormproof Last as long a3 the building and neverneed repairs. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.IShfctJuM siiiiiisiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiK I 'VlBMBlllllVBllllllllllllllllllllllllllWSf Hsilllrl:iafflU'i:4IZ-OTPSmNiVf-u-W - 'Zt&MTJXtfSS X-Bwf m&&z&cf V-39LVBtf9TTleMifp i Mill II!irli: tilli :1fl:(SHiJ iK0mIfin!.:tIif'(Bgf ORIGINALITYreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.litHOKE BETTER.Wm. Jldams Son,K 1 42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THE GARDENfjS&n(&52&M &'.. ..i if ito-1' iTV-r i JK!C 1 !.. fM"a'll tLOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KeitiJLolv'I Bourbon Laundry$ D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.thBourbon Laundry,Parish Kentucky.First Street Tramways.- Street tramways were first opened.at London in 1861.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquiries'lately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we hav? found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,.as compounded in D. D. D., can be replied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of it?ind although there are many so-calledfEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesUnhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.'Because We know that it gives inMStant relie'f to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atIhe foundation of the trouble.f Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.wV,Drcp into, our store today, just to'ffcalk aver your case with us..". G, Vardcn&Son.and SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality dislinguislws our' Monuments from all others, while prices areNONE CHEAPERis a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless 'labor than you ever did before. Office Opp. Postofhce.A P riicixiar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse! S vstematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto gee 3 our laundry out theday we promise it, and itsqualify is guaranteed. Given? a trial order. You'll notregret it.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.1 L1QUI0 CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILS 'In regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Danj't imprison the disease germs layour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wasli: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottU will start thcure, and glva ycu Instant relief. (- G. S. Yarderi & Son.ONE'YEAR,2.00 1.Payable inVheat for Feed.An exchange says: Wheat is nowcheaper than corn, and is said by thosewho have tried it to be much betterfeed, but there are some farmers nowselling their wheat at the mill at 80cents per bushel and at the time buying corn to feed at a greater price perbushel. Besides neing of a really better feed value pound for pouni, thereare four pounds more in a bushel ofwheat than in a bushel of corn. Agentleman told us the other day, saysan exchange, that wheat put in waterat night to soak until the next morning for feed was far better for hogsthan corn in any form, and now that itis cheaper than con farmers shouldcertainly, make the very best of thesituation and give the feeding ofwheat a thorough trial.Kentucky State Banks. ,Secretary of Slate Bruner Tuesdaymade the statement that there are 478state banks and trust companies doingbuisness in Kentucky. Nine bankshave been closed and three new banksstarted since the report made to Secretary Braner in J April, at which timu484 banks reported. The banks closedare: Farmers' l'.ank, Columbus;Rough River Bank, Falls of Rough;Highland Park Bank, Louisville; BlueGrass Bank, Midway ; Phoenix Bank,Olive Hill: Citizens' Bank, Paris;Bank of Willard, Willard; BallardCounty Bank, Bandana; Farmers'Bank, JSummersville.The new banks organized are: Bowling Green Trust Copmany ; GermanAmreiean Bank, Carrollton; Farmres'Bank, Centertown.Banks Are in Good Condition.Reports of 478 State banks to theSecertafy of State as of July 18 showtotal assets of $104,942,433.37, asagainst $104,865,254 37 on June 30 lastyear, an increase of $677,000 in assets.Nineteen banks each have asuts exceedinz a million and 208 have over$100,000 each.Predicts End of Worid."The world will come to an endwithin a very few years," declaredElder O. Montgomery, president of theIndiana Conference of the SeventhDay Adventists, during the serviceat a campmeeting now progressingthere."I cannot set the year, it may benext year, it may be five years. But Ido know that it will come before thedeath of the last man who saw thefalling of the stars on November 13,1833. There are few people living nowwho saw that phenomenon and I knowthatthe end will come before all ofthem are gone."Elder Montgomery said that sciencehad been unable to eolve the falling ofthe stars in 1833 and that he has Scriptural proof that the millenium wouldoccur within the generation followingsuch an event.Pellagra Spreading.The spiead of pellagra in the mountain counties of Eastern Kentucky hasbecome so alarming and deaths fromthe disease have become numerous.Anoou' cement was made frum theEastern Kentucky Asylum at Lexington Tuesday morning that anotherdeath, making the third in all sincethe disaese made its appearance, hasoccurred there from pellagra, and thatthere are now bptween twenty andtwenty-five cases at the intsitution,with a number of suspects under surveillance. As only seventeen cases were reported last week, this latest bulletinindicates that the disease is spreading.The latest victim was Rhetta liolcomb, aged forty years, of Letchercounty. The woman had been an inmate of the intsitution for two yearsand developed the disease since beingthere.Inscription Grew With Vegetable.Vegetable marrows which, whenyoung, had inscriptions cut on themwere a feature of the exhibition ofthe Hornsey (Eng.) Allotment association. The inscriptions grow with theproduce, and on one large specimenthe Lord's prayer was neatly engraved. 'Two of a Kind.A man can hide a secret from hiswife about as easily as he can hispocket money. Judge's Library.A Iaw vears ai?o flvincrmachines were hardly1 thought of, nor wasScott's Emulsioninsummer. Now Scott'sEnfUsion is as much a summer as a winter remedy.Science did it All DranuiI inniTfi ii PTu infTL&iSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W.NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYDAGER IN DELAY.Kidney Diseases are Too Dangerous for Paris Peopleto Neglect.The great danger of kidney troublesis that they get firm hold before thesufferer recognizes them. Health isgradually undermined. Backache,hedache, nervousness, lameness, soreness, lumbago, uri'nry troubles.dropsy,gravel and Bright's disease follow inmerciless succession. Don't neglectyour kidneys. Help the kidneys withthe reliable and safe remedy, Doan'sKidney Pills, which has cured peopleright here in this locality.Mrs. A. B. Renaker, Court street,Cynthiana, Ky., says: "Doan's Kidney Pills positively reliaved me of asevere attack of kidney disease fromwhich I had suffered for years. I donot think it necessary to go into details concerning my case, but I canrecommend this remedy, knowing thatit lives up to the claims made for it.I have not had a recurrence of my former trouble and it is only with a desire to tell other kidney sufferers of agood kidney remedy that I endorseDown's Kidney Pills."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Special Term o! Court.A special term of the Breathitt f Circuit Court has been called to beginAugust 14, for the trial of the casesof the Commonwealtn vs. Little, andCommonwealth vs. Tucker. Little ischarged with the murder of MattCrawford at the Crawford Distillery,near Jackson, last October. The casewas tried at the October term of theCourt and was later reversed by thealleged feeling of hostility againstLittle, because of the prominence ofthe Crawford family. Tucker ischarged with ;the murder of ChesterBack, which was committed lastjMay.$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastono dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Critarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhhmno a. fintistitutional disease reouiresii constitutional treatment. Hall'eCatarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly u on the, blood andmucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the ioundation of thedisease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much Jaithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo. O.Sold by druggists ?8c.Take Hall'.s Family Pills for constipation.GEO. W. DAVISERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAIMES.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.ssgasiszs3 iWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.C&:uQ:a?,XSrSSS3fe(East Tenn- Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges at .Paris, Millersburg, North JMiddletovn, Little" Rock anRuddles Mills."Whenyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service.' 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedI; in; ICured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpureBotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands oficures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Simpsmt free by writing Blood..m .") . Atlanta, Ga. Describewar trouble Pnd free medical advicegi .-on. -3l:l by Varden & Son.' Way of the World.Such as have lean and spare bodiesstuff themselves out with clothes; sothey who are defective in matter, endeavor to make amends with words.Montaigne.Falls Victim to Thieves.S. W. Bends, of Coal City, Ala., hasn. lnHtifihhlA crriP.vsi'npfi- Twr f,hivfastole his health for twelve years.Theywere a liver and kidney trouble.ThenDr. King's New Life Pills throttled!them. He's well now. Unrivaled fox Iconstipation, malaria, headache, dys-:pepsia. 25c at Oberdorfer's. j"1 1 TIC IIi&&youA Sure Cure for Piles5fr. F. S. Randall oi No. 20 East Main St,Leroy, N. V., writes that Bloodine Ointment baaproven efficacious in a stubborn case of Piles andRectal Fissures where everything else has failed.Bloodine Ointment is sold on a positrre guarsntMto cure Piles or money back.k the cstfcealinr salve in the world. It will pitively cure cuts, burns, old sores, eczema tcttshk rncuxn aaa ail aiun diseases.Found at Lasta enre for Eczema. Mrs. Charles Blaachard ofPhiladelphia, Pa., writes that she had suffered formanv vears with th trriM A',-,. mA uj -:-jremedy after remedy for it, but could not fiad acure, until she was advised to try Bloodine Oist-usat, ua to ocr grrai surprise ose Dox healed npcompletely cured her. 50c. a box by mail.Bloodine Liver PiUs cure Constipation, asc. aBOX. 'W. T. Brooks, Agent.For the Teacher.In teaching reading there are justtwo ends to be taught: (1) To makethe learner automatic and quick in therecognition of word and letter formsand values; (2) to secure his interestIn the content, the spiritual elementof the printed forms.Keep Your Temper.The one who wins in business lifeis the one who keeps temper underguard and gives no sign of feelingthat there is anything to endure whenannoyances break in upon the peaceful events of a busy day.Don't Es Deceived.Eecause a woman takes a man'smeasure and even helps him press hissuit, is no reason to believe she willdo it after they -are married. Exchange. Refcrm in Connecticut.Twenty quarts of milk offered forsale in Connecticut contained tenquarts of water. Connecticut is improving. The classic nutmegs were'all wood. .-HiC&m5""fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 11, 1911,mmmwmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHENPROMISEDBood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!i-sTRE J9B RBOfflS OFTHEHARK TWAIN'S DOUBLE.Mis Photograph Did Valuable SsrvietFor the Humorist.Mark Twain hud many doubles scattered about the world, and about oncea month he would receive a letter fromsome new double inclosing a photograph, says Archibald Henderson inhis book "Mark Twain." To one ofthese doubles Mark Twain wrote:My Dear Sir Many thanks for your letter with Inclosed photographs. Your reBemblance to me is remarkable. In fact,to be perfectly honest, you look more likeme than I do myself. I was so much impressed by the resemblance that I havehad your picture framed and am nowusing it regularly In place of a mirror toshave by. Yours gratefully,S. L.. CLEMENS.Mr. Henderson tells of the humorist'scomplaining to him that it was almostimpossible to make the public forgetthat he .was a humorist even when hewanted to be serious."It has been a very difficult matter,"declared Mark Twain, "to doff themask of humor with which, the public is accustomed to see me adorned.It is the incorrigible custom of thepublic to see only humor in the humorist, however serious his vein."Not long ago I wrote a poem whichI never dreamed of giving to the public on account of its seriousness, buton being invited to address the womenstudents of a ereat university I waspersuaded by a near friend to read thispoem. At the close of the lecture Isaid:" 'Now, ladies, I am going to read,you a poem of mine,' which was greeted with bursts of uproarious laughter.'But this is a truly serious poem,' I asseverated, only to be greeted with renewed laughter."Nettled by this misunderstanding, Iput the poem in my pocket, saying,'Well, young ladies, since you do notbelieve me ,to be serious, I shall notread the poem,' at which the audiencealmost went into convulsions of laughter."TheScrap BookConverting a Skeptic.David Hume, the famous Scottishphilosopher and skeptic, once for ashort time involuntarily posed as anout and out Christian, and the storyof very temporary conversion to orthodoxy is amusing.Having fallen into a swamp at theback of Edinburgh castle, he called forassistance to a woman who was passing. At first she took no notice, butpresently she asked: '"Are na ye Hume, the atheist?""Weel, weel, no matter," Hume said."Christian charity commands you todo good to every one.""Christian charity here or Christiancharity there," the woman said, "I'lldo naething for you till you turn aChristian yourself ye maun repeatthe Lord's Prayer and the Creed orfaith I'll let ye grafel (grovel) there asI found ye."And he had to repeat them. ,R0BRB0NDeeds of Aspiration.What though your lot in life seems poorand small?What though in great accomplishmentyou fall?Let not the thought of this your soul appall Nor think your days aro spent withoutavail.A noble aspiration Is a deedThough unachieved, and he who judgesmanUpon his lofty throne will give it heed,And all will be rewarded as they plan.John Kendrick Bangs.Famous Men Tall and Short.Among the very distinguished menof the country were some of largeEtature Charles Sumner, more thansix feet, four inches; Jefferson andAndrew Jackson, considerably morethan six feet in height. Among thoseof six feet and over may be mentionedSamuel Adams, George Washington.Lincoln, Bismarck, Thackeray, CharlesDarwin, Henry Ward Beecher, RufusChoate and Daniel O'Connell. The listof famous men of medium height islong, including Browning and JohnAdams.BUTTER AWARDS WILLTEMPT THE FARMERSNEW DEPARTURE PROVIDED, ATSUGGESTION OF EXPERIMENT STATION.NewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on sjiort notice such asRIIIHFADS.LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Jagging Jennie.He had joined the multitude in NewYork since his quick fortune came tohim and "was entertaining his friendsat dinner. The service was magnificent, and so was the dinner. His wife,gorgeously clad, reigned over the table.During r lull in the conversation hewatched a servant who was dexterously removing crumbs from the cloth.Then he looked down the glisteningtable at his jeweled wife and remarked:"Jennie, remember when you used toshake the tablecloth out of the backdoor to the hens?"The Difference Between Them.Joseph H. Choate and Chauncey Depew were invited to a dinner. Mr.Choate was to speak, and it fell to thelot of Mr. Depew to introduce himwhich he did thus: "Gentlemen, permit me to introduce AmbassadorChoate, America's most inveterateafter dinner speaker. All you need todo to get a speech out of Mr. Choateis 'to open his mouth, drop in a dinnerand up comes your speech."Mr. Choate thanked the senator forhis compliment and then said, "Mr.Depew says if you will open mymouth and drop in a dinner up willcome a speech, but" I warn you that ifi von onen vour mouths ana arop in oneof Senator Depew's speeches up willcome your dinners."Compliment Well Returned.The story is told that Judge Storyand Edward Evarett were once theprominent personages at a public dinner in Boston. The former as a voluntary toast, gave: "Fame' followsmerit where, Everett goes." The gentleman thus delicately complimentedat once arose, and replied with thisequally felicitous impromptu: "Towhatever height judicial learning mayattain in this country, there will always be one Story higher."Must Prepare Bridal Dinner.A quaint, old superstition in Icelandis that every bride must invite all herfriends to a dinner in her own home,and every article of food must be prepared by the bride herself. If she issuccessful in pleasing her guests shenot only receives praise for her ownskill, but helps along her younger sisters, who are then assumed to boequally good at cooking, and consequently have a much better chance ofgetting married.Dominican Lotteries.Lotteries are operated in all important towns and cities of the Dominican republic. In many of the largercities there are from two to five, practically all under municipal supervision. Seventy per cent, must be givenin prizes, 5 per cent, goes for streetsand roads, and the rest, less expenses,is divided among the public hospitals,schools, fire departments and charities.Especial attention will be given thisyear in connection with the KentuckyState Fair to creamery butter. Themanagement desires to encourage thisindustry i,n Kentucky and it ia beendecided that creamery butter, ianeyand sorghum molasses will be placedin the horticultural department. Heretofore it has been a part of the 'field,sfed and grain department. The horticultural department always is oneof the most interesting at the big fahvand not alone to the residents of the,rural sections, and the addition ofthese displays will increase the interest materially.Members of the state fair board express the opinion that a more important feature than that of creamerybutter will be hard to find and tiredisplay is expected to be such as toevidence the lead which Kentucky hastaken in this phase of agricultural endeavor. 'The experiment station of KentuckyState university recommends thecreamery butter display.FREE ADMISSIONRIGHT WE SHOWPOPULAR INNOVATION FORNINTH ANNUAL STATE FAIR.Spoiling a Picture."I know Ames comes in for a lot ofpraise because he hunts with a camerainstead of a gun," Fobes began in aslightly acrid tone. "It never seems toLet tts figure with you on.on your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfacesmtv;'V."HOLD ON THERE!"strike people that there may be morethan one kind of brutality.""What's the matter with Ames?" demanded one of the men on the clubhouse porch."Up in Canada last fall," Fobes readily resumed, "1 went off by myself oneday, when Ames was fiddling over hiskodak, and I stumbled full on a blackbear. Because I was the only thing insight, very likely, I became the immediate object of her ugly attentions. Iran. I had only a slight lead, but I wasgoing pretty well when Ames pokedthrough the brush and took in the situation. " 'Hold on there, old chap!' he yelled.'You're too far ahead. I can't get youboth in.' "Youth's Companion.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.A Frank Reply.Walter 1. Smith, who recently became judge of the Eighth judicial circuit, enjoys a good story even when itis at his own expense. He had awarin contest in the primaries whenhe was candidate for re-election tocongress in 1910, his opponent beingone of the insurgents. He had fewvotes to spare for the nomination."Before the election," said JudgeSmith, "I wrote a letter to all the Republicans in the district. In it I urgedthem to come out and vote, sayingthat '9,000 Republicans failed to voteat the primaries' and that if theyfailed to vote on election day it mightmean disaster to the party. I askedthe person to whom the letter was addressed to vote and also to get hisneighbors to do the same, closing withthe statement that it would be a greathelp to the Republican party and 1should regard it as a personal favor tomyself."Among the replies I received was acopy of my own letter with a bluepencil mark round the words '9,000Republicans failed to vote at the primaries,' and this written at the bottom. 'It's a good thing for youthey did.' "A Disturbed Taste.The neighbors having dropped in informally upon the Suthrons during theevening, Mrs. Suthron suggests that ifher husband will gather some mintfrom the mint bed in the garden shewill mix for them a genuine Kentuckyjulep. Mr. Suthron, who has indulgedin a matter of seven or eight genuineKentucky juleps prior to the arrivalof the guests, goes willingly in searchof the desired garnishment for thedrink. He remains in the garden quiteawhile, and finally the others go out toascertain what causes the delay."Why don't you bring the mint,dear?" his wife calls.From somewhere in the darknesscomes the testy response:"Jane, I've eaton my way twicearound this lot. I've chewed geraniumleaves, grass, catnip, tulips, onions.His OoDonent. sage ana DuraocK, uu uuimeu u i tauJohnny's mother bought him a fire find a sprig of miut anywhere." Na-engine. He wanted to see how it tional Monthly.worked, and of course in avery shorttime the wheels were off. She wasnaturally very angry with him andpunished him severely. When daddycame home he found his small son withvery red eyes."Why, my poor old man,"- he inquired, "what is the matter?""Nuffing," sniffed the small boy."But something must be wrong,"persisted daddy. "Do tell me.""Oh, well, if you want to know,"laid the little boy, "I have just beenhaving an awful row with your wife."Smallest Inhabited Island.People who inhabit some of theThousand Islands in the St. Lawrenceriver claim that they are the smallestinhabited islands in the world, but Ithas recently been determined that thesite of the Eddystone lighthouse is entitled to the distinction, the islandupon which this lighthouse is builttide. ""I'LL BE THERE! WILL YOU?"Slogan For Alt Kentuckians Is Adopted By Management Perry's Victory on Lake Erie.Quick Curtain!She was a very pretty girl and terrlbly enthusiastic. When the youngnavy officer was introduced to hershe made no attempt to disguise herinterest " do so love the navy,"she chanted to him fervently, breathing her ecstatic emotion, "Where Isthe navy now?"ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin Wasqieansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," -write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there Isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofBkin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Yv'intergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.One of Jerrold's.Douglas Jerrold's wit was sometimesJather heartless. "The Life of SirWilliam Russell" has the story of oneGeorge Hoddle, who went to Jerroldone day. "1 want your help." he said;'I'm in trouble. The Morning hasdismissed me.""You. don't say, my dear George.They've had a gleam of intelligence atlast!""Don't joke, my dear Jerrold, I reallywant your advice. I am thinking ofgoing into the coal trade." ."Capital!" said Jerrold. "You see.you'ye got the sack to begin with:""" T 9The Heroine of the Tale.When Congressman J. HamptonMoore was a reporter in Philadelphiahe was assigned one night to go outand get a human interest story abouta woman who had died at the age ofeighty-eight, leaving a twin sister,with whom she had lived for fiftyyears, as sole survivor of an old family.The house stood opposite a cemeteryon the outskirts of, the town, andMoore wished, as he pulled aside thecrape to ring the bell, that his cityeditor wouldn't be so fertile with hisIdeas of human interest stories. Awoman friend of the aged sisters opened the door and ushered J-. Hamptoninto the parlor, over in one cornerof which rested the dead sister in hercoffin.The neighbor-seemed to feel.it wasup to her to entertain the reporterwhile he was waiting for the othersister To drag herself in for 'the interview. By way of small talk the woman motioned with her thumb in thodirection of the coffin and remarked."That's the lady that died.""I suspected as much," replied Bionn.1Philadelphia Record.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kill-J ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to genpral debility, idiccr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoiBon germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.ends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmtli ardStrength just where ifc is needed, andrn'teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples ent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical adviceI given. ooie ny varueii o- cuu.Dozens of new departments and attractions which have been created bythe state fair board for the poming 9thannual state fair do not by any meansconstitute all of the inducements tothe public to attend, as a propositionwhich caps the climax for generosityhas been finally decided upon. Thatis to admit the public to the big horseshow at night in the pavilion free ofcharge. To be exact, the only requisite for admission to this show, onewhich will include dozens of horseswhich have carried off premiums inthe most exclusive shows in the country, will be to buy a ticket for admission at the gate. In the past an extraadmission fee of 25 cents has beencharged for the privilege of the horseshow held each night.The only exception to this rule villbe that a few seats will be roped offand tickets for these will be sold. , Butthose not wishing to pay an extra,quarter, even though the horse showwill be worth double that sum maysee it in perfect comfort by occupyingfree of charge any of the seats notreserved to be sold.For Kentucky's Benefit.As a result of this and other inducements, the greeting, "I'll be therewill you?" is expected to be heard- oiall hands prior to and during fairweek. By the way, there Is a gooddeal of real patriotism embodied inthis expression, "I'll be there; willyou: wnen it is neara in conuecuouwith the big show which is being prepared for the people of Kentucky.This will not be a fair for the material benefit of one man or set of men.Many business men are giving uptheir time, and going to much trouble, without recompense of any character, in order to make the fair a success. Tens of thousands of dollars willbe paid out to Kentuckians in premiums, the industries and resources ofthe state will be helped and the citizens given an opportunity to see andlearn, at a cost of fifty cents each,more than could be seen or learnedunder such circumstances anywhereelse in the country except at a similarinstitution. Therefore, when a Ken.tuckian along about the time state fairweek approaches is heard giving hisneighbor this greeting, he is interested in encouraging the exhibfln ofthe products of his home state and hois entitled to all credit.The Kentucky State Fair is developing each year more and more intoa place where friendships are renewed, relatives are met, voters are corralled and conventions of all characters held. In the past the conyenfiontent has been located at an out-of-the-wayplace hard to find and poorly located. Secretary P. M. Shy has decided this year to locate it to the leftas the visitor to the ground enters,directly opposite the Model Schoolbuilding. A commodious lent will beprovided and all arrangements necessary to the holding of the differentgatherings made.Bureau of Information.Still another Innovation, and onewhich most probably will appeal tothe public forcibly, will be a Bureauof Information located just at thepoint where the main road for pedestrians branches off around the semicircular piece of lawns used as a rest-,ing place. Secretary Shy says that inthis Bureau of Information he willhave established a man who knows hisbusiness and who will freely give anyinformation as to points around thefair grounds.Perry's famous victory on IakoErie, which soon is to be celebratedin an imposing manaer by representatives of several states, together withthe national government, will boamong the fire works features. ThiaI is a feature not only apropos but on awhich promises to be cf thrilling iaterest. . A$s,V'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 11, 1911JjillhCIUbtrt:All"Decollete.Mrs. X I despise that woman; shetries to make a cloak of religion. Mrs.Y and she hasn't enough of it tomake her a decent bathing suit.7f aster s SaleOFCity Property.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Anna Massie, Executrix, &c.On petition.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term. 1911,or the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., oncredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the property described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit :The property to be sold consists ofa lot and warehouse thereon ltin Paris,Ky., adjoining the right of way of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company and decsribed as folllows :A certain brick warehouse and lot inParis, Bcurbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thefront by said street 103 feet beginningat the corner of the brick warehousenow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcraft at a point marked A on theside towards the Kentucky CentralRailroad and tunning from said corneralong said Main cross street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram marked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked C on the diagram, thewall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehousebeing on the line; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance of "30 feet running along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central passenger dpot to the corner of the housemarked D on th& diagram given herein ; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of611-2 feet; thence from the pointmarked E at the end of Hutchcraf t'swarehouse along the line of said warehouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedF on the diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches, and thence from saidcorner along the said side of saidwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning" 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Buurbon County Court.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety bearing interestat the rateof six pet cent per annumfrom date until paid, having the forceand effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be accepted for less than$8,000.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneys.M. P. Kenney, Auctioneer.fxjioodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.uentiemen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly.Yours truly, Thomas Taylor. Adams, 111.W.'T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker good asnewSAMUEL CLAY.28 tf . R. F. D. No. 3.Parks' HillAugust 3-13.The Program For the Assembly Meeting on the abovedates is full of good thingsfrom beginning to close.FINE MUSICHmngarian Orchestra, seven piecesGood Lectures.Entertaining and instructive Cartoonist. First-class of high order of MovingPictures.Mige Grace Parlett to entertain andinstruct the childran.Train service during week fromParig just right to get full .benefith afternoon and night at specialrats.Cottages can be engaged by writing toI. B. ROSS, Secretary,v Carlise, Ky.SPORTING NEWS LETTERBy C. H. ZUBER.Cincinnati, August 10 Nearly evreyseason some lowly team bobs up at acritical stage of the championshiprace, and Dy a few well directed blowsproceeds ro kill the pennant h"pes ofsome high-class, aspiring aggregation.That was the sort of performance theReds gave in the recent series withthe Philadelphia. Capt. Mike Donlanand his athletes came to town determined to make a clean sweep of itwith the Reds. Hadn't they foundthem easy picking before, and wasthere any reason to suppose that theywould be any different on this occasion.Sure thing. So Doolan and his crewfigured these contests to be played onthe local greensward as being part oftheir winning percentage. But whenthey left town Sunday night with narya Red scalp hanging from their belts,with three defeats chalked up againstthem, and with the pennant hopeslargely blasted. Last yoar it was theSt, Louis Cardinals that put the NewYorks out of the running, and the yearbefore that the Reds by . a few unexpected victories over the Giants allowed Pittsburg to come home with thecoonskins. Moral: Beware the lowlyteam at the time the fight for the flagis hottest.The Reds will have another opportunity of placing ashes on the slidingtrack to the pennant next Sundaywhen they meet the Pirates in adouble-header on the local lot. Clarke'smen have been going good of late, andat several stages have threatened tochange places with the Chicagos. It ispossible that they will do so as a result fof this, double header, or it ispossible that a pair of defeats on theoccasion of that meeting will result intheir being pushed just far enoughdown the ladder to keep them frommakirg the necessary hot finish whenthe tiuie comes. The Reds now areplaying a higher class of base ballfield appears to .'have graced up, theHman at any time tms season, ine inpitchers are working better, and Jmorejudgment lis being exercised on thebases than heretofore. Under theseconditions Griffith's men are certain tobe dangerous for the rest of the season, even though they do not reach ahigher position than that which theynow occupy.There's quite a crop of youngsterspromised for the local team by thetime they return from their nextEastern trip, which begins next week.Among those who are certain to be onhand for a try-out fare Pitchers J,Compton, of Dayton; Boyd, of Ottawa, andBenton, of the Southern League, thelatter a left-hander. Then there willbe Catchers Murphy, of Dalas, andMurphy, of the Central Association;Second Baseman Benson, of Dayton,and three men of various positionsfrom California. There may also beseveral others added in the meantime,but the above are certain, not forgetting the sensational Arthur Phelan,third baseman, who also comes upfrom the Southren League. ManagerGriffith has instruction from PresidentHerrman to try lout these youngstersas fast as they report, so the fans willhave something besides the fight forposition to interest them during theclosing weeks of the season.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfSettlements Effected.By an agreement between Dr D. B.Anderson and the Louisville & Nashville railroad a satisfactory settlementwas made for the death of a valuablebuggy horse which was killed in anaccident recently. Mrs. John Mansfield, who was driving the animal atthe time, and who was thrown fromthe buggy, has also effected a settlemen with the company. She receives$250 in cash and a new set of harness.The accident occurred on the Jackstown pike at a crossing ot the L. & N.while Mrs. Fightrnaster was drivingto Paris, a paesenger train strikingthe buggy, breaking the neck of thehorse, demolishing the vehile andthrowing the occupant out.Excursion!Parks Hill Campmeeting,gust 13.Trains leave Paris at 8:H0 and 9o'clock a. m., and 1 and 5:45 o'clockp. m.Returning trains leave campgrounds at 4:15 and 9:45 p. m.No excursions to Cincinnati or Natural Bridge Aug. 13.W. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN, T. A.iflFor God's Sake Do Something"nre nave anraeroa tms cryIn. our new book "Fightingthe Traffioin YcrangeUrls'7by Ernest A. Bell, D. 8.District Attorney Sims andOthers. . The most sensational indictment of theWhite, Slave Trade everjmbliahed. It tells howthousands ot young girlsare lured from their homesannually and sold into alife of shame. TheOincin.aati Inquirer says, "Ot alltoo booki of the Mason tho Waron tha White Stare Trada It themart helpful; it should be readby ererr bib, woman andchild." lta are Baking from8 to til a day selling this book.Orerteepafec. Msnypictern.fSScSS522ir.4? ' receipts price.'BBBBBBBl S I A BBBBBBBBBSkXmJjbbbbbbbbbBriMilWittjniHnBe11BASE BALL.TUESDAY.Paris .. 22 10 688Lexi'g'n 19 13 694Richm'd 15 18 455Fr'nkf't 15 18 455Win'ster 14 19 424M'ysVe 13 20 394Hauser had the Colts' "goat" againTuesday afternoon and the contest resulted in a score onf 4 to 1 in favor ofthe Bourbonites.For a time it looked as if the Coltswould pull down the game as Tafferty,who proved so effective in the contestagainst the Pioneers was extendinghimself to his full length. For fiveinnings he outguessed the localB andapparently had the contest under histhumb. lHauser showed a little wildness atstages but his helpers put up a brilliant game behind him with the resulthe let the Colts down with only threehits.The only run secured by the Coltscame in the fourth, and was the resultof an error although Hauser allowedone of the three hits during thisframe. Smykal led off! with a doubleto right. Ellis waited out Hauser andtook the first station. Yancey grounded to Harrell and to catch SmykalKuhlamn dropped the throw. Badgerlilted one to Mawxell, Smykal scoring.Ellis was caught at third and Longfanned.The first two runs secured by Pariscame in the sixth Chapman led offwith a single to left and Hauser popped a fly to Baschang. Harrell fouledtu third and McKernan ripped off astinging drive to left for two bases,scoring Chapman. Mayer singled tocenter, McKernan taking third andscoring on Barnptt's safety. KuhlraangrounJed to Long for the last out,"Two more came in the seventh.Maxwell walked and Goodman reachedfirst on Taflcerty's error. Maxwellgoing to third, scoring on Chapman'sfly to Ellis. Goodman went to third onSewell's muff and Hauser fanned.Harrell talked and McKernan hit toleft scoring Goodman. Mayer grounded to Badger. The csore :Paris 0 0 0 0 0 2 2 0 x 4Lexington 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 01Earned Runs Paris 2. Two-BaseHits Symkal, McKernan. Bases onIVS?!3 loff ??USr- 4'Struck Out By Tafferty, 3 ; by Haus-pr, 5. Left on Bases Paris 6, Lexington 5. Double Plays Baschang,Badger and Sewell ; Maxwell, Mayerand Kuhlman; Sewell and Badger.Stolpn Bases Yancey, Harrell. Sacrifice Hits Smykal 2, Goodman. Sacrifice Fly Badger, Chapman. Time2:00. Umpire Barrett.Hauser again accomplished the defeat of the Colts. In three Jgames hecame out victor pitching twenty-iivean one-third innings, allowing but sixhits and one run.Kuhlman's error was responsiblefor the only run secured by the Colts.After Paris took the lead in thesixth the Colt? seemed to go up in theair and hurling the ball about thediamond in the seventh was responsible for the two runs in that frame.Tafferty was good for five innings,but the locals finally got to his slants.McKernan's two-bagger in the sixthscaling Chapman was a heauty. Heled the list with two safe drives.Chapman started the fun with acorking single to leftTwo errors were all that werechalked up against Paris 'and one ofthem helped the Colts to get their lonerun.Hauser whiffed Tafferty every timehe faced him.WEDNESAY.Paris .. 22 11 667 Richm'd 15Lexi'g'n 20 13 606 Fr'nkf't 14M'y'sv'e 15 18 455 Win'ster 1419 44119 42420 412After secruing enough runs n thefirst inning to insure victory Parisdeliberately let the game at WhitePark Wednesday af ternuon slip throughtheir fingers and the Colts came offwth the contest by a score of 6 to 5. JJThe game was slow and uninteresting and was marked by the indifferentfieldin of both sides. Raggged errorsoccurred frequently and as the gamedragged slowly through ten tiresomeinnings ltitle was to be seen thatcould ba termed a feature.Lttle Guy Long hurled for Lexington but it was only through mediocreplaying he was enabled to get away agame;to the good. Heretofore hisappearance on the mound meant surevictory for the locals, but he managedto tret out by the skin of his teeth.Shears, tne lengthy side wheeler,showed up to anything but a good advantage and pitched, the most miserable game since he began his career asa Bourbonite. At no time did he showanythnig other than a fast straightball, and when he attempted the useof a curve it was heaved at a bitteracapable to hitting the like and hisofferings were invariably "pickled."However, he managed somehow towhiff nine of the Colts.Out of the even dozen hits made offof Shears five of the number went forextra bases and he passed four menand hit one, three of the number scoring. But all of the credit for lettingthe Colts slip one over does not belong'to Shears. In the tenth when Baschanghad doubled and-Sewel slipped his firsthit through second, McKernan heavedthe ball to the grandstand, far 'out ofthe reach of Mayer, when a perfectthrow would have nipped Baschang atthe plate. Chapman's error in thesixth put Smykal on second when theclean fielding of the ball would haveretired the runner at second, but instead he was scored .by Yancey'sdouble.Summed up in a very few words thelocals put up a miserable exhibitionand excuses are useless. The visitorsplayed no better but luck favoredthem in the last round. The scorp :Lexington 010121000 16Paris 4 00000100 05Batteries Paris, Shears and Mayer ;Lexington, Long and Sewell. Errors-Paria 5, Lexington. 5. Hits Paris lOjpnse-Lexington 12. Two base hits Badger2, Yancey, Maxwell, Smykal 2. Baseson balls off Long 4, off Shears 4.Struck out by Long 4, by Shears 10.Left on bases Paris 8, Lexington 10.Double plays Kuhlman, Barnett;Harrell, Mayer, Kuhlman. Hit bypitcher Yancey. Sacrifice fly Smykal. Sacrifice hit Viox. Time 2:30.Umpire Barrett. Attendance 300.Frankfort 3 .Mavsville 3, 14 innings.Winchester 8, Richmond 7.McKernan used very poor judgmentin the eighth when with three ballsand no strikes fouled a high one whichwas an easy cut for Badger.Chapman led the locals in hittingsecuring three safe drives out of fivetrips- to the plate, which served in adegree to make up for his error.McKernan reached first twice onrors only to be forced at secondMayer each time.erby Only in one session did the visitorsfail to get a man on first.Maxwell got two into safe territoryone of which was a two-bagger.The game was drawn out two hoursand a half all on account of UmpireBarrett who would not hasten thingsalong. The official alowed the Yanceycrew to prolong the game by severaluseless arguments. Barrett was considerably off in his decisions, principally on balls and strikes.Long passed three men in the firstinning and allowed two hits which reslted in four runs. Baschang chippedin with an error and Sewel made awild heave which helped matterssome.Valandingham, who was sent in tobat for Eddington in the ninth.hit intoa double."Bugs" Eddington made four tripsto the plate and each time he whiffedthe wind.THURSDAY.Paris . . 23 11 667Lexi'g'n 20 13 606M'ys'v'e 15 18 455Richm 'd 16 19 444Fr'nkf't 14 20 412Win'ster 14 21 400Paris wentand defeatedcore of 7 to 3.to Frankfort yesterdaythe Lawmakers by aRichmond 10, Winchester 2. Maysvilie-Lexington, no game.Blue Grass Players Can't TossBall Around.President William Neal has issued aruling prohibiting the Blue GrassLeague players from tossing the ballabout unnecessarily during the innings. The pitchers will be allowedto throw three balls to the catcher towarm up, but the other players will begiven stiff fines if they throw the pillaround and thus prolong the game.This order went into effect yesterday.According to President Neal, thegames will be cut short at least twentyminutes.Typhoid Fever Raging.Typhoid fever is raging at Paintsvile, and is of the most mailgnantnature. Already there has beentwenty-three deaths and there aremany othre cases.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfParis At Lexington Sunday.Paris and Lexington will meet in adouble-header on the Lexingtongrounds Sunday afternoon and the twocontests are of more than ordinaryinterest owing to the narrow marginwhich separates the two clubs.Today the bourbonites will close theseries with the Lawmakers and tomorrow will try conclusions with theHustlers at Winchester.In the present standing Paris is threefull games ahead of Lexington andchances for her maintaining the leadis vtry bright. However, the Coltsmay ba expected to put up a strongargument in the double bill to be pulled off Sunday afternoon and will makea strong effort to pull the Bourbonitesoff their lofty parch.Hauser, who has pitched such excellent ball against the Colts may besaved by McKernan to turn the trickSunday. By working Shears or Georgein the game tomorrow, he will begiven another day's rest. Hauser ha3shown wonderful endurance in hisgames against Lexington. On one r ccasion he pitched eighteen innigs to atie and Thursday, a week ago, wentwo games in an afternoon pitchingonp no-hit, no run game, Tuesday heperformed against Yancey's men againand came out the best. It is more thanlikely McKernan will use him in bothgames.The local fans will have an opportunity of seeing the game as specialinterurban cars wil leave Paris at12 :5U and going direct to the ball parkwill arrive about 2 o'clock. The round'trip fare will (be 60 cents. The firstgame will be called at 2:15 o'clock.May Establish ManufacturingPlant. It is rumored that the Burley Tobacco Society is formulating plans for theestablishment at Lexington of amammoth tobacco manufacturingplant, by which thn millions of poundsof thepooled tobacco which the Burley Society still has on hand can bemanufactured and" placed on themarket, and the society thus be independent of the Tobacco Trust in securing a profitable price for the big stockwhich the society has held so long.The general plan, as outlined by aprominent tobacco man, is to have thegrowers authorize the society to usethe 10 per cent reserve fund" acruincKrom the pool, which now aggreagtes.it is said, mom than half a milliondollars, and to secure additional subscriptions of stock or tobacco to makelup a capitalization of something like$2,000,000 which, it is figured, will besufficient to finance the proposed enter-Leader Killed and FollowersFlee.Seemingly seeking revenge for testimony given against him in court, BudTurner", of Quicksand, Breathitt county,led a party of friends in an attack- ona railroad camp near Jackson. At thefirst exchange Turner was killed andhis followers fled.Turner was arrested recently oncharges of "botlegging" whisky tothe railway camps on the Lexington& Eastern extension. Several laborersand d. W. Hilliard, a foreman, appeared in court against him.Change o! Time.Southbound passenger trainleave Cincinnati at 2 :55 p. m.the future leave that point at.m.due towill in2:45 p.Says "Let 'Em Cry."In a talk before a circle of mothersMrs. Nan Deneen of the Milwaukeechildren's hospital, urged mothers notto shake their babies. "Let 'em cry,"she said. "It does 'em good."A Physician's Answer.A patient once asked her physicianwhy his mustache was black and hishair was gray. "Why," he replied,"my mustache is twenty years youngerthan the hair on my head."(The Following Night Letter.Bourbon2L EF MA 164 Paid NL 'Detroit, Mich, 4th,Bourbon Garage & Supply Co., Paris, Ky.Flanders '20 again made clean sweep,awarded first and second, all ,the prizesthere were in her class, in ten days reliability run, Minneapolis to Helena,Montana, hardest contest any light carever entered. 390 miles over mountainsand plains, worst road in America andrained most every day. Mud hub deep.The two Flanders were -only cars in herclass to finish with perfect scores andonly one other car of any price, a Mormon$2,700, finished perfect. Cars penalizedincluded Packard Stoddard, Dayton, Abbott, Detroit, Amplex, Cole, Kirt, Huppmobile, Maxwell and other small fry.This is second great victory for Flanders''20' in a month, other was perfectroad scores in Iowa' s -little glidden.No other $800 car on earth can stand upt with Flanders "20" in hard road work,and in this latest contest she went outof her class and trimmed the four thou-!,sand dollaa fellows.THE STTDECAKER CORPORATION E. M. F. FACTORY.icy Bigger and Better Than Ever (oJM1JNTMKentuckySEPTEMBER 11, 12,FIX BE THERE-THRILLING FREE ACTS DA1LY--RACING- - LIVE STOCK SHOW--FINEHORSES - - GOOD MUSIC--CLEANMIDWAY - EDUCATION--KEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MORE GLASSES AND LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information or catalogue write toDv!!?""" TTT. b AOne LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sizeGeo. (VTWillams,No more tickets given on raffle until further noticeAKFKW9K(KHIHIMRHNMaNBMHRa- .Opera House Burglarized.Entrance was effected into the eper&house Monday night in a mysterieuamanner, as all the doors were foundsecurely locked Tuesday morning, aiidonly one window w" unfastened, andit showed no signs' ef having beesentered. The burglar went into thedressing rooms and ransatcked thetrunks of the vaudeville performers,scattering the contents over the floor.Nothing was taken except two handsome pistols, one a silver-mountedpearl handled weapon, and both beingthe pioperty of Prof. Costello.who didsome fancy shooting during the performances Monday' and Tuesday evenings with the pearl handled one, whichwas valued highly by the owner, behaving used it in his acts for severalyears.Getting to Like Aged Cigars,The number of Americans who arogetting into the habit of appreciatingage in cigars, as in wine, is rapidlyIncreasing, according to an authorityat the WaMorf. In the vaults underthe Thirty-fourth street sidewalk isa big room where cigars aib keptand one lot has been there since1898. New York Sun.Holidays in Russia.Russia has 86 public holidays in thecourse of the year.Has Been Received by TheGarage).s5vAJNJNUAL,$laie Fair13, 14, 15, 16, 1911.! WILL YOU?PERRY M. SHY, Secretary,No. 320 Paul Jones BuildingQIv)THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 11, 1911.(ttls BOURBOK NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGPEBSONAL MENTION.is visiting inProtect your growing tobacco against hail.THOMAS & WOODFORD,fire and Tornado Insurance.Excursions Declared Off.Owing to all of the available equipment being used in the excursions toParks Hill there will be no excurisnnsto either Cincinnati or Natural BridgeSunday.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper bargains.Awarded Contract.Bappert & George, brick contractorsof this city, have been awarded thecontract ;for the brick work on theloose leaf tobacco warehouse at Carlisle. They will begin work in aboutthirty days.County Boards to Meet.The Division Boards of Education ofBorubon County Ditsrir.ts Nos. 5 and 6will meet tomorrow in the office ofthe County Superintendent, MissMabel Bobbins, for the purpose otelecting officers for the ensuing year.Conductors to Get "Can."Several conductors on the L. & N. itis said willshortly be dismissed fromfurther seivice by the company. Afemale "spotter" has been at workand her report to the officials willcause the dismissal of several of theconductors.School Opening.Mrs. Lizzie Wakler will organize herschool Monday, Septembe 4. Yourpatronage solicited. 11 GtFirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cabal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldbaths and polite attendants to waiL untheir patrons. fImmense Stock of Wall Paper.to selcetBargainsMiss Nora BaldwinGeorgetown.Miss Celeste Lucas is visitingrelatives in Cynthiana.Dr. Clara B Matthews has returned fiorn a visit to Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. L. Saloshin arevisiting relatives in Cincinnati.2 Mr. Lawrence Price has returnedfrom a ten days' stay at Torrent.Mrs. Lucy Williams, of Mt. Sterling is visiting Mrs. Jos. Varden.Dr. F. L. Lapsley left yesterdayf jr Pennsylvania on a buisness trip.Miss May Donnelly, of Ludlow, isthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. ThomasMaher.wofinMr. and Mrs. William Howard,Lexington, are visiting relativesthis city.Big variety of wall paperfrom, and it must be sold.ftry0U J. T. HINTON.Located in West Virginia.Mr. J. T. Hinton, Jr., formerly ofthis city, is located in Huntington, W.Va., where, he has established a wallpaper store, according to Mr. C. N.Fithian, who just returned from a visit to that city. Mr. Hinton has an excellent field before him and prospectsfor his success are very bright. Hismany friends here will be glad tolearn that he is doing well.Stock Sold at Auction.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Monday at the court house door for JepthaLancaster, executor, ten shares ofParis Water Company stock to J. D.McClintock for S1.30 per share; fourshares Bourbon County AgriculturalSociety stock to R. C. Hokpins at $10per share, and for Methodist churchsix shares of Paris Grand Opera Hjusestock to R. K. McCrney for $4.50 pershare.Mrs. Ella May Crawford, ofColumbus, Ga., is visiting relatives inthis city.Misses Margaret Toohey andEliazbeth Gregory are visiting friendsin Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Estes, ofHuntington. W. Va.,are visiting Bourbon relatives.Mr. Hairy Saloshin will leaveSunday for a few days' visit to friendsin Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. Ida Batterton has returnedfrom a visit to her sitser, Mrs. J. B.Orr in Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. George W. Ellishave returnedfrom a ten days' stay atMartinsville, Ind.Mrs. Frank Williams. Jr., ofLafaje.t?, Ind., is visiting her sister,Dr. Clara B. Matthews.Attorney Buckner Clay, ofCharleston, W. Va., is the guest ofrelatives in this county.Misses Grace and Lona McCord returned Tuesday from a visit to relatives in Fleming county.Miss Marv F. Ecton. of Winchester. is visitine her erandmuther. Mrs.W. S. Tuttle, in this city.The many friends of Judge RussellMann will be glad to learn of a steadyimprovement in his condition.Misses Mary and Bernadette Bran-non returned from a two weeks' visitin Frankfort and Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Green and Mr.and Mrs. W. T. Redmon have returned.from a ten days' stay at Olympia.Mrs. Ewdard Huff, of Mayvsille isthe guest of her brothers, Messrs.Allen and John Bishop, in this city.Miss Hazel Cottingham has returned from London, and has as herguest, Miss Lola Gray, of Winchester.Mrs. Marion Hall and daughter,Elizabeth, are visiting relatives inLexington this week and attending thefair.by Miss Ravencraft, a trained nurseof this city. The opreation was suc-essful and the patient is doing well.Purchases Interest in Implement Business.Mr. Edward Pritchard has purchasedan interest in the old reliable implement firm of Yerkes & Kenney, takingover the interest of Mr. Clarence Ken-ney, who will retire. The change inthe firm will become effective August10. The firm of Yerkes & Kenney hasbeen in existencs for a number ofyears and is an implement establishment ot the highest standard Thefact that Mr. Pritchard will assumean interest assures the patrons of theold firm a continuation of businessalong the same high plane that hascharacterized the career of the oldfirm during the past. Mr. Pritchard isa young business man of sterlingqualities, and his association with Mr.Yerkes will form a combination of unexcelled ability and business integrity.This implement house was established thirty years ago by Mr. R.J. Neely,who for years supplied this sectionwith the best lines to be offered andwhen succeeded by Yerkes & Kenney,the reputation established by Mr.Neely was maintained.When Mr. Pritchard assumes an.interest in the establishment they willmaintain the reputation of their predecessors, and handle the best line offarming implements, buggies and supplies of all knds. They are also agentsfor the celebrated Buick automobile.School Opening.E. M. Costello's school, Paris Academy, will open Monday, September 4.Thorough training and conscientiouswork in English, Mathematics, theClassics, English Literature and History. Number pupils limited.aug 8 22 sep 1Fight Results irom Argument.Ah tViA rpsnlf nf a nnlif.irnl artrnmpnfcDr. Hugh Johnson, of Paris and J. D.Bryan, of Carlisle, became involved ina difficulty in the latter citv Wednesday afternon. Several blows were exchanged an Johnson received a gashon the right side of his neck from aKnue in tne nands ot tsryson.The facts leading up to the difficulty could not be learned other thanthat the men were engaged in a heated argument over politics, which grewto such an extent that Bryson, infuriated at Johnson's remarks, made theattack.Johnson, it is said, defended himselfthe best he could against the knifeheld by Bryson, and succeeded in overcoming his antagonist after a hardstruggle. Whbn bystanders interferedJohnson seemed to be getting the better of the argument.Dr. Johnson was formerly engagedin the drug business in Carlisle, andnow conducts a saloon in this city.- Mr.Bryson is postmaster at Carlisle andprominent in Republican politics ,inNicholas county.IHLAST CUTLawns, Wash Goods, Shirt Waists,Hosiery, Etc.itftNew Fall GoodsI We are showing the prettiest line of Ginghams,I Flanelettes, Kimona Crepes, Outings and Madras.II COME LOOK THEM OVER.TAKE AMiss Mary Barrett Smith, who hasbeen the guest of Miss Helen Daugherty.has returned to her home in Richmond.Employe Promoted.The vacancy in Ihe office of the EastTennessee Telephone Company, occasioned bv the nromotion of Mr. A. M.Stanley, who had been serving in thecapacity of cashier, to the Lexingtonoffice has been filled by Mrs. DaisyHill, who has been in the employ ofthe company for several years.Governor Grants Clemency.Governor Willson yesterday grantedconditional pardon of the State's partof the hnes, aggregating 34yu, imposeaon Jordan Richardson, of Bourboncount, fdr the unlawful sale of liquor.Richardson was indicted at theMarch teim of the Bourbon CircuitCourt on twenty counts for the illegalsale of liquor, and at the June termwas tried upon the charge, resultingin conviction and fines aggregating$490 imposed.Judge January's Report.At the meeting of the City Councillast night Police Judge E. B. Jnuaarysubmitted his report for the month ofAugust, which is as follows: Amountof fines assessed, $315; replevined$203; collected, $45.50; suspended,$43.50; worked out, $50.50. Of theamount relevined the sum of $100 willbe paid to the Circuit Court at theNovember term.iw-Fee's Cash Specials!!For This WeekWITH YOUKodak Pictures Will KeepAlive the Pleasures ofOut-Door Days.Kodaks ..-..$5 to $111Brownies $1 to S12Daugbtrty BrosIWhite Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips 12 1-2 per lb V1 'Japan Rice' ' (broken) per lb. 5c' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder percan 5c"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, California Wpack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c W"Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only 60e In , T o 9Zn 98 oars j-enox ouap xui6 bars of Ivory Soap foe -25cFresh Pies, Cakes and Bread daily.FEE'STea! Tea!specialtea 60Just received, fresh box ofhmnH tea for making icedcents per pound.C. P. COOK & CO.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper bargains.Prop-RailroadCompanyerty.BuysThe L. & N. Railroad Company haspurchased from Messrs. C. W. Fother-:n ..a T? V Mfrnev a striD ofKilt auu a.. . ..---. - -ground in front of their property onrailroad street. The company acquired this ground to mane room for theirdouble track, now under course of construction. Mr. McCarney owns threecottages and Mr. Fotherigll one houseon Railroad street.The Finest of Cantaloupes.Try our splendid home grown TipTop cantaloupes. None beter.Opp. court house.Pickling Time.White pickling vinegar, the best onthe market. Let us have your order.T. LENIHAN.Bourbon Man Appointed.--Governor Willson Tuesday appointedthe following delegates to the nineteenth national irrigation congress tobe held in Chicago December 5 to 9,and as members of the advisory comittee; R. C. Ford, Miodlesborc.C. H. Berryman, Lexington.W. L. Goron, Maddisonville.R. C. Ballard Thruston, Louisville.Peter Lee Atherton, Louisville.W. H. Courtenay, Louisville.Milton H. Smith, Louisville.Richard W. Knott, LouisvilU.Claude M. Thomas, Paris.A. J. Alexander, Spring Station.NOTICE.Owing to tke draught thewater supply is getting low.It is necessary to ask thatgreat econemy be used inthe use of water, especiallywith hose.: NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent.Dr. Raymond McMillan, who sustained severe injuries in a runawayaccident a week ago, is recoveringrapidly.Mrs. May Arnsparger and daughter, Miss Esther, of Vinciennes, Ind.,are visiting Mr. and Mrs. C. Arnsparger.Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Arnold, ofCovington, are visiting the latters'parents, Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney,near this city.Mrs. H. C. Myers and son, Joseph,and Miss Lucy Campbell, of Cincinnati, are the euests of Dr. and Mrs.F. P. Campbell in this city.Miss Katie Graham Thompson,guest of her aunt, Mrs. J. T. Hinton,is spending the week with Miss Elizabeth Dewey in Lexington. .Misses Elizabeth Butch and MaryHackett, who have been the guests ofMrs. J. H. Porter, have returned totheir homes in Winchester.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Varden havemoved to the cottage of Mrs. Elizabeth Rogers in East Paris, vacated byMr. and Mrs. C. F. DidlaKe.Mr. and Mrs. Bert Swearingenand son. Richard, of Denver, Col., arrived Tuesday for a visit to MissMargaret Terry, sister ot Mrs.Swearengen.Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Fithian andson. Edward, returned Wednesdayniohfc from a visit to Mrs. Fithian'sbrother, Mr. John McClintock, atHuntington, W. Va.Maysville Independent: "Mr. W.J. Clark, of Paris, was here yesterdayon business."Mr. R. C. Linville, of Paris, spentyesterday here on business.Miss Nellie Fithian, who is at theSt Joseph Hospital, Lexington, rednvprinor from an oneratian for appendicitis, is improving rapidly and willbe able to leave the institution in afew days.Mrs. Kyle Gerbig, who has beenvisiting relatives in this city returnedTuesday to her home in nicagoaccompanied by her sister, Miss EthelBaldwin, who will be her guest forseveral weeks.Lexington Leader: "Miss Dorothynnnnor i"5 nt.ertaininir a little houseparty during the fair, her guest3 beingMiss Ciiemeia nnuiiii, ui ano, .Misess Louana and Carrie BarbourLowry, of Nicholasville."Mrs. Louella Wilcox St. Claire, ofColumbia, Mo., is the guest of Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft. Mrs. St. Claire wasformerly connected with Hamiltoncollege in Lexington but is now president of the Columbia College.Mr. and Mrs. Joa. B. Borders, andlittle daughter, Isobel, of Columbus,1 n rrmro tVio oupata a f ew days tbisV nwiVuv b-.-7 - --., Iweek of Mr. and Mrs. awiic ouauiy.Mr. and Mrs. Bo-ders came through intheir auto from Columbus enroute toCrab Orchard to spend two weeks.Miss Willie Lou Jacoby, daughterof Lyle Jacoby, was taken to St.Tncanh Hnanlfol nil TllPSdaV DV UYAttention.See Hinton's wall paper bargains.RELIGIOUS.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inhis pulpit at the Christian church Sunday morning at tne usuai iiuur.rUnion services will be held at theMethodist church Sunday evening.Elder Carey E. Morgan will preachthe sermon. --- fef;BIRTHS.I!. 'I HAVE SOMEBorn, in this ciy, Monday nightto the wife of John Bishop, a daughter, second born.DEATHS.VERY SPECIAL PRICESTO OFFER YOU ONMr. Thomas M. Mastin, who diedat his home in this city Monday aftera lingering illness of typhoid fever,was bucried in the Rose Hill cemetrey,Nicholas county, Tuesday morning.The services were in charge of ParisT.ndtre No. 21 F. & A. M.. with Mr. C.A. McMillan acting as master of ceremonies. A full attendance ot tneParis lnHcp. was nresent to do reverence to their departed brother and alarge number from Orient Lodge No.35 of Headquarters attended the funeral.Burley Society Reports.The District Board of the BurleyTobacco Society met Wednesdy inLexington and gave detailed reportsasto the condition of the Society andthe Burley Tobacco Company. Thereceipts for the 1909 account totaled$7,286,167.19, and of this amount$5,315,886.06 was paid to the growers.A balance in various banks ot 3u,4dd.60 was reported.""'"fiPi ii t: ' tTt ($)P Ml vY BrTfrfiHJlzigSil f? r r ::.V &jr-kW!MmCarpets,MattinandBad Men Jailed.Comein andRugs.Get Them.Charged with disorderly conduct andthe reckless discharge of firearmsLloyd Jones. W. H. Peddicord. W. H.Jones, Grafton t Stuart and W. V.Rrppves. nil from Harison comity,were taken from an L. & N. passengertrain Tuesday evening and lodged injail by Chief of Police Elgin.Tho man VinnWlprl t.h train, due toarrive here at 6:20, at Winchester andail of the party were fully imbibed.At Escondida this county they becameboisterous, frightening the passengersand pulling their revolvers made annttemnt to wreck the coach by firingthrough the ceiling. "A telegram was sent to Pans andwhen the train pulled in here ChiefElgin boarded it and took the rowdiesinto custody.The men. who were enroute toCynthiana had in their possessionrfpveral suit cases wnicn comaineubottled whisky.The case was transferred from PoliceCourt to the county court owing to thefact the offense was committed outside the city. The men gave bondwith J. C. Light, of Cyatbiana, as-Fnr their anuearance in courtWonderfulmWALLI will sell you LAWN and PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everbeen able to buy itA few HAMMOCKS left at big cut in prices.jT. KCirTT03STFuneral Directors and Embalmers;- Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hintor,w,Wa Rfit J. T. Hinton. residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.J.K,VWW w ,"ou"' i ..... -Fnr their nnfiparance inWm. Kenney for an operation ioik "V' morning at 10 o'clock,mastoid. She" was also accempanud J Monday morninge..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 11, 1911.Aa:li11u!M.!n1KfmHa-iJUnpleasant Suggestion."I've called my new song 'FallingDew.' "Then, my boy, it will never"be popular. It is too strongly suggestive of household bills and comsaercial notes."Fish Refuse as Baft.Fish refuse, granulated to resemblecodroe, is being tried out in Franceas bait for sardines, which rise to becaught in nts as the roe is soreadupon the water.Useful to Auto Drivers.Employing telescoping aluminumrods, -an Ohio telephone company manager has invented a compact telephoneoutfit oy which the automobilit canconnect his car with any point on anysystem using overhead wires.The Tested Proverb."Speech is silver," the boardinghouse philosopher says, "but silence,rightly used, is what makes goldenweddings possible."THEhstituleMillersburg MilitaryThe Millersburg Militaty Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hot water-heat and electric lights. Athleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year for board,tuition and general laundry.Write to the Pjincipal for illustrated catalogue and full information.' Opens September 13.COt. C. M. BEST, Principal,-Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.ZK ESS1 TWIN BROS.,Ootfaing Department"We are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the opportunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines we have made stillgreater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our New BuildingTwin BrosLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.No.34134729104037312332625913838539830321431Trains -A.rri"veFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daiiy 5Lexington, Ky., Daily 5Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily .Except Sunday 7Rowland, iy., Daily Except Sunday 7,Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.Cincinnati, O., DBily 9Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10Lexington, Ky, , Daily 10.Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday." 11.Oynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday i oLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6Lexington, Ky., Daily . 6Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6Lexington, Ky., Daily .' 10Cincinnati, O., Daily 10Trains XDe-peirtTO2623,35.385512,50amamamamamamamamamamampm5 tmpm25 Tm,40 pm,2U pm,29 am15 pm27 pm.17 pm:40 pm,02051050,101,22amJSTo.34 Cincinnati. O., Daily - 5.334 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am4o Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily ". 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily .- 10.15 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 11.52 am26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.35 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 5.48 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.22 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.25 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily! Except Sunday 6.25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.85 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily , 10.48 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pm!E Cft5 O- TTTVTTn.rT A TtTIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains .A.rrrvNo. FROM2 Frinkforfc, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.15 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3 40 pm.8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only . 10.00 pmTrains 3De;pa,rtNo. TO'151 Frankfor& Louisville, Sunday Only ,7.10 ams-7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 amlFfanlcfort, Ky., DailyJExcept Sunday., J&l . . . , 9.53 am3"F ankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday ." 'W. .V.T.S. amMOVED THE CONGREGATION.'De Koven Did It One Way, the ChurchOrganist Another.It is said that once when Reginaldde Koven was touring the country hefound himself in the town of Daytonon Sunday. They told Mr. de Koventhat an Episcopal church in the neighborhood had a superb organ. Accordingly he went to that church, ascended the organ loft and sat beside theorganist during the morning's service."You seem to know something aboutmusic," said the organist in a condescending way. "I'll let you dismiss thecongregation if you like."Why, yes," said Mr. de Koven; "1would like that very much."Accordingly at the end of the recesvsional he changed places with the organist and began to play Mendelssohn's"Spring Song." He played beautifully.The Dayton people, enthralled by thewonderful music, refused to departttjiai Yjr I r1 AT 7 v,l!WomBhttA HEAVY HAND WAS IiAID ON HIS BHOUftDEB. They sat in rapt enjoyment, and afterthe "Spring Song" was finished Mr. daKoven began something of Chopin's.Suddenly a heavy hand was laid onhis shoulder and he was pushed off themusic stool. "You can't dismiss a congregation," said the organist impatiently. "Watch and see how soon I'll getthem out."The organist was right. Half adozen notes started the congregationtoward the doors. Argonaut.Unappreciated.The attorneys for the prosecutionand defense had been allowed fifteenminutes each to argue the case. TheattornejT for the defense had commenced his argument with an allusionto the old swimming hole of his boyhood days. He told in flowery oratoryof the balmy air, the singing birds, thejoy of youth, the delights of the coolwaterAnd in the midst of it he was interrupted by the drawling voice of thejudge."Come out, Chauncey," he said, "andput on your clothes. Your fifteen mlnutes are up." Success Magazine.Handy With Texts.James Whitcomb Riley told a storyof an old fellow who asked for workat the Riley farm in the poet's boyhood. He was set at hoeing potatoes,but did not prove to be especially industrious. When taken to task forhis lack of application he only replied,"Waal, the good book says, 'Do allthings In moderation.' '"Well, it came on dinner time atlast," says the humorist, "and the oldcodger did his share nobly. In fact,he ate enough to kIM two or three ordinary men. Some one gently hintedthat the text didn't seem to apply.He opened a worn little Bible and Imperturbably pointed to a passage. Itread, 'Whatsoever thy hand findeth todo, do it with all thy might.' ":j InternationalENGINESNAll Types of Eusilage and Feed CuttinglMachmery,Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.The Oldest Map.After some controversy about theage of various maps that have comedown to us from ancient times it hasbeen finally determined by savantsthat the oldest is in the form of amosaic in a Byzantine church at Malaba, in Palestine. It is about 1,700years old and purports to be a, map ofa part of the Holy Land.Warning to Guests.In the fortress at Marienburg thegreat dining hall bears this inscription: "He who wishes to eat here mustbe delicate in his eating, chaste in hisconversation and peaceful in his manner; above all, pious and loyal; ifnot, he will soon receive notice toquit."Reassuring.Terrified Rider (in hired motorcar): I say I say you're goingmuch too fast Chauffeur' Oh, you'llall right, sir. We always insure ourpassengers. tBttVNMjtAiixrA.i w i ri 'mn7!Ti !M'wmsi mteim&siiBiSifciBfo.SS&i&MZZitTWIN BROS.Department Store This Week:Aprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers- 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.i'lSiWJ.m$mRelieved Embarrassment."Dear Clara" wrote the young man,"pardon me, but I'm getting so forgetful. I proposed to you last night, butreally forget whether you said yes orno." "Dear Will," she replied by note,"bo glad to hear from you. I know Isaid 'no' to 'some one last night, butI had forgotten just who it was."London Opinion.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores "in One Cor. Jth and MainParis, KentuckyLOne Exception.It used to be told of General Logan,who was a member of congress at thebreaking out of the war,, that whenhe saw there was really going to be afight he seized a musket, slipped -outdf Washington and walked all theway to Bull Run. where he arrivedjust in time to have a hand in thefray.He wore a dress coat, but he stoodhis ground as long as any one. Therout was complete, and the next morning, a good deal out of breath, he wasback at the eapitol, telling some ofhis fellow congressmen what he hadseen."Who gave you this account of thefight?" asked a member from northernNew York as he joined the group."Why, 1 was there myself," said Logan. The New Yorker was mystified, Apparently he had not beard the news."You were there!" he exclaimed,"Are the cars running?""No," said Logan; "the cars ain'trunning, but every other thing in thestate of Virginia is, as near as I couldmake out."Martin Bro .,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Moving! and Livery Business.The best; Kigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.He Didn't Care.The usual large crowd was gatheredat the New York end of the Brooklynbridge waiting for trolley cars. Anelderly lady, r.ed in face, flustered andfusy, dug her elbows into convenientribs irrespective of owners. A fatman on her left was the recipient of aparticularly vicious jab. She yelledat him, "Say!"He winced slightly and moved toone side.She, too, sidestepped and thumpedhim vigorously on the back."Say," she persisted, "does it makeany difference which of these cars 1take to Greenwood cemetery?""Not to me, madam' he answered,slipping through an opening in thecrowd.i, K snot made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.iie Hmt v seure Process and is universally acknowledged thepnmNL7 lbsoluteA Perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCKOOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC HOOFING should fail to satisfy.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, I5lTParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.verybody WantsYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one.ting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.omeSo they keep put-We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, liille home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show yonour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & M'f 'q Company,IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main -StsjJS'-Home Phone 12; I. T. 530PARIS, KY..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 11, 1911.IAre YouWhat makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand the strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural manner, by going to thesource of the trouble and building up the bodily strength.ICEMrs. Grace Forfccr,This is vhat she snysnervous, I could not bear to1 fainting spells, and I lost fieshof Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved my life." It is the best tonic for women.Do you suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui. It will help you. Ask your druggist.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept. Chattanooga tfedicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, cud 64-pac book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 50DR.DOLLE'SIMOTITIITC Where MEN are CURED.IftOlllUlE LET ME CURE YOU!FINESTCQUIPPfO INSTITUTE FOB MEN 1NTHEUNITED STATESNOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAfFAMOUS FOB 20 TEAKS.DiSICHlt Surgical Operations performedjmh skill and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES I QUICKEST CURESOf any Specialist. That Stay Cered,TOBXG MEN A3TD ALI MEN, COME.Oil E7 Q PERMANENT CUBE, withoutSr 9 ladO the knife. One treatment cures.UADIOfinriC NO KNIFE. CaredtaIAKIUUIjEiLK One Treatment.DMDTIflDB Stricture, Etc. CuredlUr 1 vRKyby ImproTed Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Xczeraa. Bolls, Ulcers. Sores. Diseasesoftke Kidneys, Bladder and Prostateiland. Rheumatism, Nervous Troubles.EIVnDftfCI C Cured in One TIslt. NonTUKUuCLtL knife. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the""DollePlan" of not ono dollar to be paid unlesscured. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 04 pae Book Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. "When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that I can write you justTrbat is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.Cured by the Marvel ofCentury, B. 3. B.-Tested30 years.Tirivfis out blood . poison in anyaeaaivSAMPLE TREATME3 r ' tt & k.If you have ulcere, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains,offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly, liiooaismaseouieduuntucompletely cnanging Lu eiiui uwinto a clean, healthy condition, heal-ing every sore and stopping all acnes,pains and itching, curing the wor3t.case of blood poison. Druggists or byATmrPss. 5l usr lanre bottle, with di-rections for ho:ae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blcol Balm Co.,Alrnr.n. tta. Describe voar troubleand free medical adviceSold by Yard en & Son.given.p nSPECIAL.VsYrPOISONstage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure botanical ingred-;ents. To urovo it we will send you aWALTERM'WOODNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every gramcrowing country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersare: lightness of draft:NOThandmess of operation;durability of construcMADE BYtion; ability to do perfect work in any kindTRUSTof erain; accuracy andsure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCeBtnry is the latest type of binder,made by the people who grave theworld its first successful binder, anflnow jrive it itsmost .successfulcne-a oinder thatiYERKES & KENNEY.Nervous?aof Man, W.about it: "IVa., took Cardui.was so weak andhave anyone near me. I hadevery day. The first dosecarnesSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trutt Building. Cincinnati. Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.pur-pose ofcConducting a general; ConiracfclrigaiidBtasSdang Business.I have") been a builder for the pasttwenty years, ;,and can handlejj yourbuildings, large or small. I will befslad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 123-2.1 jipr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKYOffice 514 Main Street.E. T, 136.Office Phonesj Home 13(5.$ E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceAdmiaistrator's " Notice.An D3rsons -having claims against. ffltate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, de... . nrooerly Drovj according t0 jaw and filed wi th thed aamimstrator. Thosethemselves indebted to Tsaid"" :11 nan naU 0ri 00fi0, tb x WM. GRANNAN.Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog desAcribing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"ThB9StYmt"ran . 1Most aandm .mil iiwwi uimi i in mi iiwiwiiwiimniiii in kxk1iAnnouncementi"l have locatPd in Fans for theHW. C. HESTERProfessional CardsJ j. wnyLTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Jlnnk LanghornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, ... - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waitsto wait on theYou are next.M. A. KAHAL.0. Merman,BRICKSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Tortured lor Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble that baf-1oUa Ann or,i M0,'cf0(i oil rorrmr'Hche tried, John "VY. Modders,of Mod-dersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch, longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Raise Fine NUiles in China.North China is noted for raising thebest mules in the middle kingdom. InPekin one will see mules quite as goodin every respect as the Missouri andKentucky product. The finest are employed by Chinese officers and otherwealthy men to draw their "Pekincarts."High Price for Manuscript.Twenty dollars a line was thepricagiven recently for the original .manuscript of Burns' ode to the Duchessof Kingston. The poem consisting ofa dozen lines, was sold for $214.To Remove Rust Stains.Boil the article with the rust stainfor about an hour in three gallons ofwater. To each gallon add one table'spoonful of cream tartar. The stainwill disappear, no matter how old.Busiest cf All.In busy New York there is nothingbusier than tHe telegraph instruments,which tick off an average of 28,000messages each day.WASH THAT ITCH AW&YIt Is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingIn these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town! ,A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried it, gett least a 25-cent bottle today. We Sture you of instant rolief.G. S. Varden & Son. .CONTRACTORSOCRATES ON PHILOSOPHY.He Shows That a Witticism May DoReal Good.Socrates Glaucon, "what -would yousay philosophy is?Glaucon 1 should say that, broadlyspeaking, it is putting two and twotogether.Socrates That is, to some purpose?Glaucon Of course.Socrates Therefore to say that nobody is very enthusiastic about ourgreat victory over the Cunninghamcoal claims because it is not the timeof year when anybody cares whetherwe defend our coal pile or not wouldnot be philosophy?Glaucon No; that would be a sortof witticism.Socrates WHich. is unworthy, of aphilosopher?Glaucon Yes.Socrates That is, it could serve noother purpose than piobably to makesomebody laugh?Glaucon Exactly.Socrates It would not be doing anygood?Glaucon No.Socrates That is to say, it wouldnot do the person who laughed anygood?Glaucon Well, yes. Laughing, Idare say, does any one good.Socrates Therefore we have to consider whether by doing good we meanthe individual or society generally?Glauccn Yes.Socrates Which do we mean?Glaucon You are splitting hairs alittle too fine for me, Socrates.Socrates Nonsense. If one did anIndividual good without doing societyharm would that be doing good?Glaucon Yes.Socrates Therefore to make someone laugh might very easily be doinggood?Glaucon Certainly. "Socrates And to say that this is not jthe season when any enc cares whether we defend our coal pile or not probably would make some one laugh?Glaucon It might.Socrate3 And thus do him considerable good?Glaucon You never can tell.Socrates Which would give it a purpose? Glaucon True.Socrates And make it philosophy?Glaucon By Jove, Socrates, you haveme nicely!Socrates Very well. Now let us allgo down and see who can hold hishead under water the longest ClarkMcAdams in St. Louis Post-Dispatch.Justification."I may have lost my golf ball,"thought the old man as he crept onall fours round the bush into which ithad rolled, "but I will not lose mytemper."So he continued to grovel and gropeand to wear a persuasive, patientsmile. His knees bagged, his backached horribly, and the bush bestowedupon his hands a generous quantityof thorns. But he refused to discardhis smile and kept on repeating:"No; I will not lose my temper Iwill not!"o" "ltf """ i V! eve. Flonninc: flat, he stretched outhis hand toward it, grasped it amongits nest of thorns and gingerly withdrew it."Hoity toity!" exclaimed an oldlady's voice behind him. "You oughtto be ashamed, birdnesting at yourtime of life!" And then he did lose histemper. Answers.Mere Matter of Spesd.The Reading railway's lawyer wascross examining a negro woman whohad sworn that she saw v. train hit amilk wagon, whose bandaged driverhad just testified. No, she had notheard the engine blow any whistlewhatsoever."How near were you to the, train?"the lawyer asked her sharply.She didn't know exactly. It mighthave been s far and it might havebeen a little farther."But how far?" the lawyer persisted. "A mile, or a square, or what?How long would it have taken you towalk the distance?""Suh," the witness replied haughtily,"dat would depend entirely on myspeed." Clermont Courier.Oyster Bey,Quarreled About Love.He So the engagement is off andMaud and Jack don't speak to eachother. What caused the quarrel?She 'Twas the silliest thing. Theywere talking about theirs being a caseof love at first sight and then got intoa fierce dispute as to which had seenthe other first. Boston Transcript.. 3A Changed Coast.When pilgrim fathers found a placeUpon a stern and rock bound coastThey founded an Important race,A much admired and honored host.But could they come again today; Upon, that rock bound coast to dwellJ They'd have to move; they couldn't'ppayiTh pries of board at a notei.. , . "Washington Star.. "- 1 PEOPLE. DELICATE wowtn, m anf" VTk -" , HI BImUs SH e f ort otafiuiM rJ,t (k r- MlaiatinONEY.UVERuiBLAIV fni nABk Bl DER WHAKi CATARRH. Md i I .&am& ttn AH la asthma. wBsuKtw.ttg -j--MJKtmwtmKZi Mlli llH I coot, ia grippe, con. J1,i wP&vHiii&MH v 0W THE BLOODINB C07V aFREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVECURED HIS CONSTIPATIONWhen a person has become discouraged through years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesup trying, it is small wonder that hebecomes skeptical. And yet, to allwho have constipation, we would say,"Try just one thing more."We wish you would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name and address to Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un-The Interesting Phase.When a famous tenor quits singingfor awhile the public is tempted to forget the loss to art in figuring on thedeficit in the singer's personal bankaccount.Sad Truth.London man says he cuts his ownhair to fool the barber. May fool thebnrber, but hp can't fool any'rody else.Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Eheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen. Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodlne Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. 1. Brooks, Agent.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.argoienParis, Ky.I Margolen's.mYOVTRYBio o dine1 1 mm i iIlOODffii. fTHEGREATESTREMEDYjl1L M THE WORLDfflIwPUREttOOO;- YI lTGrvirWLtf2 AND 1I STRENGTH TO ELDERLY IV vr VlrJ.: 1- NT(Hs5V S KAddreae, ThxW. T. Brook?, Agentionville, Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmerman of Harrisburg, Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample bottleand now have it regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away with"salts, waters and cqfhartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles scthat they will do their work againnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell buildingMonticello, 111.Still In Primitive Life.The natives of New Guinea havsbeen found living as if in the stoneago.Wife Got Tip Tod Advice.'My wife wanted me to take ourboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil," writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,.Okla. "I said -put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it. She did so.and ife curedthe boil in a short time.'' , Quickesthealer of burns, scalds, cuts, corns,bruises, sprains, swellings. Best pilecure on earth. Try iC. Only 25c atOberdorfer's.One of the Many Popularf Shapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.Ef you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effVntachis season to reach the ideaofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson BafrdBloodlneCoughCheckerLoosens the phlegmimmediately and per-!manently, cures a ;Cough. Croup, Whoop-:ing Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forichildren. 2oc, 50c and 81.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years and !Its the first medicine that has done me much good, jW. T. Brooks, Agent.;WeTKiow-RLOODINEWm Help YdttTo Regain Your Stmiftfiand Energy. 'Report of the H.4 Phytic! fa Leading New York Hoiyltftd ",t on the Cure of Catarrh ."A few years ago we considered thtfcwe were aoing; well if we cured ten ptrcent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital tre cure,more than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and TJretha, Catarrh of the large intestines. Catarrh of the Larynx, PelrtoCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, and'Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodlne." Itbuiiasnewtissues, gives new energy, new liftriftw blood and strencrth to any nartofthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine i3 a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "BloodiM".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden pain,itemporarily, but give no permanentirelief or cure the cause of your distue.;"Bloodine is a powerful body builder.and blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplyzww, rich red blood to th whole body.f FREE - To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will maillarge sample bottle for 10 centa in titver or stamps for postage.Bloodins Cobpobation. Botton. Hiif fmu iiZ-i ,i?h.'-ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST, 11, 1911.ehi'ftIfIfwMILLERSBURG ITEMS.A number from here are attendingPartes Hill chautauqua daily.See full particulars of the Sunday'school convention in next issue.Miss M. B. Clark left Wednesdayior a visit to relatives at Jrvin'and.Richmond..Miss Miranda Lynch is the guest ofMissi Lorena Doris Ditto at Lexintgonthrs week.Col. G. M. Best returned Wednesdayifrom a business trip in Virginia in theinterest ot M. M. I.Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Cochran, of Elizaviljp, werp guests of Mr. and Mrs. F.P. Hurst this week.Miss Alma Hurst, of Lexington, arrived Tuesday as the guest of heruncle, Mr. F. F. Hurst.Miss Julia D. Rice, of Lewisburg,svas the guest of Miss Nancy Jonesfrom Tuesdayuntil today.Miss Mary Taylor left Thursday fuia visit to her sister, Mrs. K. B.Hutehings, at Lexington.Mrs. H. D. Shy suffered a severeattack of indigestion Monday night,but is improving nicely now.Misses Lula and Frances Oney. ofLexington, arrived Tuesday as guestsof their sister, Mra. Chas. Martin.Mr. Joe W. Mock and family willleave today for a visit to their grandfather, Mr. Carr, at Carrs Landing.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson leftThursday for a visit to Miss NettieWhitsett at Lexington and are takingan the fair.The Blue Grass Fair at Lexington iscemg largely attended from here.The ticket sales were especially heavyTuesday and Thursday.Miss Virignia Hutchcraft andMaster William McClure Miller return--edTuesday after a two weeks' visit toxelatives'at Cincinnati and Louisvilie.Miss Ella B. Metcalfe left Tuesdayfor a visit to relatives at Mayalick,aftei being with her cousin, Miss LauraC. Jefferson, before returning to herhome at Maysville.Mrs. T. P. Waddell entertainedWednesday evening with a 4 o'clocktea. She was assisted by Mr. J. T.Jefferson and Misses Johnson and Puraell. A pile of loose straw on the outsideof the stock barn of Mr. J. F. Barbeewas burned Monday afternoon aboutthree o'clock, which came near resulting in the loss of the barn. The barniiands had cleaned the building "out inthe mornfng and at the time of the firethere was no one at the house dxceptMrs. Barbee and the cook. Mr. Barbee was at the Lexington fair and thehands on various parts of the farm.About three o'clock Mrs. Barbee wasattracted by the odor of smoke. Onfurther investigation she first thoughtthe barn was on fire but later discovered it was the pile of loose , straw. Assistance was immediately summoned.By heroic efforts the barn was saved.The barn contained six valuable horsesand one premium pony.Mrs. J. M. Alverson spent a fewdays at Lawrenceburg this week.Miss Mary McDaniel has returnedfrom a two weeks' visit to relatives inCynthiana.Mrs. S. B. Turner returned Tuesdayafter a two weeks' visit to relatives atMt. Sterling.Elder and Mrs. Alex Sanders, ofulintonvjlle, are guests of their daughter, Mrs. W. A. Dailey.Mrs. A. S. Best left Tuesday 'for avisit to her parents, Dr. ard Mrs. AlexHunter, at Washington, Ky.Mr. E. H. Dorion of Memphis,Tenri., will arrive today as the guestof his father-in-law, Mr. J. G. Allen.'Miss Mary Page Maltby left for herhome at Washington, Ky., Tuesdayafter spending a week with Mrs. A. S.Best.Master J, B. Marcum left for hishome at Jacksun Tuesday after spending several weeks with Mrs. O. W.Ingles.Misses Mollie Meek and KatherineGallaway, of Falmouth, were guestsof Mrs. Lawrence Thorne from Tuesday until today.Miss Ethel Collins attended themeeting of the operators of the Bourbon Home Telephone Company atParis Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter andMr. J. R. Long are among the numberwho Are spending the week at Lexington and taking in the fair.Mr. Ashdy Leer and little daughter.Josephine, will return today after a'few , days' visit to his sister, Mrs.Frankie Garland, at Vanceburg.The Juvenile Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church met last Fridaywith Mrs. A. S. Best. After the workof the society was completed a picniclunch was served on the lawn.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Moffett, Mr.Lee Clarke and sister. Miss SarahClark, and Mr. Lacy Clark and sister,Mrs. F. B. Ingles, attended the funeral of their cousin, Mrs. Judith Wills,The twentieth annual meeting of theHurst Home Insurance Company washeld at its office in Millersburg, Ky.,on Wednesday, August 9.The auditing committee composed ofthe delegates from the counties ofScott and Harrison in making their report incorporated into it the report ofthe State Inspector Mr. H. S. Vansantof the Insurance Department atFrankfort who examined into the condition of the company last week. Theirreports show that the company is inan excellent condition and that theyhad made a net gain of over $600 000business within the last twelve monthsand a net gain in business of over$2,000,000 in the past four yearsFinancially the company is in betercondition than ever before and thepresident and secretary whose termof office expired with this meeting received many congratulations on theirsuccessful administration.The officers and directors presentwere as follows ; J. G. Allen, president, F. F. Hurst, Manager and secretary, 3. C. Chanslor, assistant secretary, J. H, Campbell, inspector,Millersburg; Jas. T. Clarke, J. D.Yocum, agent, Thomas Coons, G. W.Humphries, Montgomery; W. C. Hall,W. W. Clarke, Bath ; Fayette Vaughn,J. A. Turpin, J. H. Jones, Madison;J.H ood'Sajith, Jasper McDonald, J.F. Lanter, Clark ; John G. Blair, C.S. Templeman, C. W. Durham,Nicholas; J. G. Shropshire, R. S.Sprake, Scott; C. H. Dalzell, W. F.Heathman, William Burrough, T. W.Current, O. H. Collier, agent, Bourbon; J. H. Roberts, agent, N. S.Terry, J. H. Shropshire, D. E.McCauley, Harrison ; Dr. Gragg.Richard Downing, Fayette; GeorgeL. Collins, W. W. Quinn, Jessamine.Guests: Dr. Huffman, Bourbon; Edward Cochran, Fleming; Robert Caldwell and Col. C. M. Best, Bourbon.The election of officers resulted inthe election of Mr. J. G. Allen aspresident for next four years and Mr.b F. Hurst as nanager and secretary Mr. J. H. Campbell inspector ofproperty, and for the executive committee Mr. J. G. Blare, W. M. Burroughs and T. W. Current. At 12.30the meeting adjourned for dinner andafter partaking of an excellent repast,prepared by Mrs. Hurst, Mrs. Huffman and Mrs. Ed Cochran, the generalroutine of work was taken up again atlt'SQ p. m. At 2:40 p. m. the meetingadjourned. This meeting was one ofthe most pleasant that the companyhas ever experienced and the ballotingwith one exception was unanimous onevery proposition presented.Rev. J. O. A. Vaught is spendingten days at Kavanaugh campmeet nearLouisville. He will be joined nextTuesday by his daughter, Miss Elizabeth Vaught. Mrs. Steve Vaught,of Richmond, will be with Mrs. Vaughtduring the absence of the other members ot the family.Services Sunday morning at theMethodist church by the pastor. Theconrgegation of the. Christian churchwill worship Sun Hay morning in theM. M. I. drill hall. No services at thePresbyterian church, but Sundayschool will be held at the usual hour.Union services will be held at theMethodist church Sunday evening.The sermon will be preached by Rev.W. M. Weir. Rev. R. S. Sanders, ofthe Prebsyterian church, will preachat Clintonville Sunday morning andevening.Our Entire Stock of Sum-rrner Shoes marked downfor quick selling : : :All the best Walk-Overstyles in Oxfords at cutprices :::::iYOU WILLHAVEHURRYIf You Want to Secure Some of the Great BargainsWe Are Offering While Our GreatMark-Down Sale !Is in full blast. We have marked down our entire stockof Summer Shoes and Oxfords for a quick clearance tomake room for our stock of Fall Shoes now arriving.B HMUKK&JMJiALLWalk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.13 wDAN336 Main StreetCOHENParis, KentUCky-Democratic Primary Called forSept. 22.The Democratic Executive Committee of this city met last nightand issued a call for a Democraticprimary to be held in Parison Tuesday, Sept. 22 for the purposeof selecting candidates for Councilmen to be voted for at the regularelection in November. The call is asfollows :Paris, Ky., Aug. 10, 1911.Be it ordered by this, the DemoraticExecutive Committee of the City ofParis, Ky.That a primary election be held atthe several voting places in the city ofParis, Ky., on the 22nd day of September 1911, between the hours of 6o'clock a. m. an 4 o'clock p. m. fcrthe 'purpose of nominating threeDemoratic candidates for the office ofcouncilmen from the first and secondwards respectively and one from thethird.That only legally qualified voters ofthe city of Paris who are legallyregistered as Demorats shall be entitled to vote in said election.That each candidate shall pay hi3proportion of the expenses of the saidelection and that said expenses shallbo equally divided between all of thecandidates and that each candidateshall before August 22nd, 1911, deposit with the clerk of this committeethe amount of his apportionment ofsaid expenses or the name of anycandidate shall ba stricken from thelist of candidates and not be considered at said election.That if before the 22nd day ofAug., 1911 there shall not be announced more than three Democratic candidates from the first or second ward orone from the third ward, then thosecandidates so announced from anyward shall be declared by the chairman of this committee to be the regular nominees for councilmen fromthat ward and no election shall beheld for the nomination in that ward.WHITINGTON MANN,Chairman of the Democratic CityCommittee.J. WILL THOMAS,Secretary.Bourbon People Attend Fair.Paris and Bourbon county were wellrepresented at the Blue Grass Fairyesterday. Early vesterdav morningreisdents outside the city began to arrive here and all the outgoing cars held e noon were crowded to the puarrfqIt is estimated that the attendance atthe fair yesterdayjwas the largest intne nistory ot tnu organiaztion.Damage Done by Storm.A terrific rain and hailstorm occured in Woodford county Wednesday.The hailstones were of extraordinarysize and did much damage to tobacco.not only cutting the leaves, but breaking them from the stalk.Arm Broken.Luther Williams.colored, a teamsterin the employ of M. J. Murphy &Co., sufEered a painful accident Wednesday afternoon. Williams was driving a team near the L. & N. depot,whenhis foot slipped off the brakeHe fell from the high seat of thetransier wagon , cu tne ground, onewheel passing over his left arm.breaking it between the shoulder andelbow. Another wheel passed over hisright foot badly mashing it. He wastaken to the ohice ot Drs. Fithian &Daugherty, where Dr. C. G. Daugherty attenaea nis injuries.Unusual Relationships.Numerous and very unusual relationships figure in the family of MrsNancy King, aged eighty-seven, whodied recently at Gilmore's Mill, Connelsville township, Fayette county, PaDeceased was ti mother of ten daughters and two sons. Four of the daughters married Lichliters, twin daughters married Tannehill brothers andtwo other daughters married Buttermore brothers. Nine children andmany grandchildren of Mrs. King survive her.Headache in Her Feet.Helen Is a little 4-year-old, with oldfashioned, grown-up ways. Like mosthealthy children, she wakes early inthe morning, so her grandmamma,who is a late riser, gives her a handmirror and powder puff to play withfor an hour before she gets up. On arecent morning she was found withthe mirror at the foot of the bed, andgravely said to her grandparent:"That's my foot warmer. I've got sucha headache In my feeti'At The Big Electric Sign.Come to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is ona cjtAtvi oavc uic mil ci CllC"" iHHnHaaaNVMMBlVWHMHiflHaMPMaMMHHaHHHHVHHHHiMMiHiiiaCome now while the rangeof sizes is still good andthe stvles of the hest.'w " w - -mr w wv wmr mr-r fJSuperstition in New York.New Yorkers may laugh at Chicagoas unduly superstitions In cuttingthirteen out in renumbering its downtown buildings, states the New YorkTribune, but that same superstitionIs honored right here at home. Notone of the latest skyscraperrs has athirteenth floor, the renting agents insisting on skipping the number on theground that tenants object to it as ahoodoo.Warship as Mussel Bed.The cruiser Champion, training shipfor the second class stokers at Chatham, has just been taken into drydock after lying seven years in theMedway. The Champion's bottom was"found to be covered with an Immenseaccumulation of barnacles and weedsIt is estimated that 40 tons of musselsalone have been got off. London DailyGraphic.Will Ask Discharge of Negroes.The telephone linemen of Clarkcounty are circulating a petitietfamong the telephone workers andphone subscribers asking that the EastTennessee Telephone Company discharge its colored linemen and employwhite men in their place..Life Saved at Death's Door."I never felt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me down to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatmsnt for two years.My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that T am alive today is due solely to Dr. Bang's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,it9 the best remedy on earth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c and$1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Fine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Best cash business in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.To My Friends and BorneGreatness and the Chain.No man can b a grt officer whois not Infinitely patient of details, foran army is an aggregation of details,a defect In any one of which may destroy or impair the whole. If Is achain of innumerable links, but thewhole chain is no stronger than Itsweakest link. George S. Hilliard:The Life and Campaigns of GeorgaB. McClellan."faster s SaleOFPeopleI have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.'Strayed or Stolen.From my place Saturday morning,an iron grey mare,, about 15 handshigh, 5 years old. Upper lip slightlytwisted. Reward for any informationleading to her recovery.SAM CLAY.R. P. D. No 3.LOST DOG.Llewelyn setter pup about 6 weeksold, white with lemon spots on bothears. Any information gladly received. Suitable reward for return. EastTennessee phone 717.FRANK HIGGINS.4 3t Paris Ky.Real Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.W. A. Games & Co., - - Plaintiffsvs.Henry Clay - - - - - Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911.of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will enSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis. Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., sellthe property described in the judgment and ordered to be sold in thisaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaintiff' judgment and costs beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit ofsix months, to-wit:A certain house and parcel of groundon the waters of Hinkston creek in thatownjof Shippsville, Bourbcn county,Ky., particularly described as follows:Beginning at a stone corner to LewiPetprs, running with the road 22 1-4yards to a stone on the same side o'fthe road, thence weat 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thenceS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters' corner;thence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interestat the rate of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, payable to theundersigned Master Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amountingon the day of sale to $86.45, and costsof this action, including the costs ofsale amounting to the sum of $63.32,amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $149.77.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.AMI1-4 OFFmmmimmrjmwAJAmm&z&gjiOn AH Men's andBoy's Suitsiti hii on mi nnan -nn nu im nn an inn im . nil .ibi nBennie WeissberHome For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKY- m-m. m mj m m m w a. i m ' i iver is Very Complete.mm m c- ii i r : . ii a mmI wedding gifts. Ia REMEMBER THIS !I The "House of Quality" only car- Iries the very best in Solid Silver Iand we can give you anythingfrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.mt "iheMnmp nf (l.Kw,"B Both Phones. ftilBWHP'BV?fLs ft iAA.jrf,