"l"THE BOURBON NEWS.,f-J" .v-ifv 4VVStJ-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1911.NUMBER 2Adams Still in (he Race.Mr. Wm. Adams, of Cynthiana, ist 11 in the race for the Democraticnomination for Governor of Kentucky.In an interview iven out at Lexingtonfew days ai?o Mr. Adams said therewas nothing in the report published in' :ne Louisville papers that because theState Executive Committee has called?. primary instead of a convention ,hewould quit tne race. Mr. Adams announces nis intention of staying in 'therace to the end. has not withdrawn andbus no intention of withdrawing.Parks Hill Directors Elected.At a meeting of the directors of theParks Hill Assemoly held this week inCarlisle directors were elected as follows: W. I. Dorsey, H. M. Taylor, I.S. Ross, W. H. Harris and Dr. J.Santa Glenn. A meeting will be heldlater to select a manager, secretary-and treasurer.FreshReel Foot4LakeFishTO-DAYiMiiii Howard."Bad Jake" Noble Captured.Jake Noble, slayer of Jailer J. Wealey Turner. Jr., of Breathitt county;who escaped on the day of the killing.November 8, and who has been huntedever Since in tho mnnnfain (.nnnfioc nf! West Virginia and Kentucky, was runuown Dy oncers at Williamson, WestVirginia, Tuesday and the Sheriff ofMingo county, W. Va., wired Sherifflnomas Hudson of Breathitt county,to come for his prisoner, who is in theMingo jail.Noble, who had killed two men before he shot down the Breathitt jailer,lost his liberty through the habit ofdrink that caused him to murder Turner. On the day before Christmas heovertook a constable walking towardWilliamson, and being drunk enoughto be talkative, he told the constablehe was "one of the meanest men thatever left Kentucky;" that hn "hadkilled three men and that he wouldnever be taken alive." The constableimmediately reported the occurrenceto the sheriff of Mingo county, whowrote to Breathitt county askingfor a photograph of Noble and his description. In the meantime the stranger waskept under surveillance and when thephotograph and description arrived hewas arrested. His captors will be paidrewards aggregating five hundred dollars. ANOTHER STORY.A dispatch from Huntington, W.Va., yesterday says: "The authoritiesat "Williamson. W. Y;i.. Hnnv thatI "Bad Jake" Noble, the Breathittcounty, Ky., feudist and outlaw, hasbeen apprehended there.First Democrat in 50 Years.Charles F. Johnson, of Waterville,Me., was made the Democratic caucusnominee for the United States Senate,to succeed Senator Eugene Hale. Hewill be the first Democrat sent to theSenate from Maine since the Republican party was organized in 1S56.fi.............r..r.r..TSSSS;..,Your Christmas Money Goes Fartherest attilsThe "ROBNEEL,?Card of Thanks.Having lately embarked in businessand enloyed a liberal share of thepublic patronage during the time, Iextend to one and all my sincerethanks, and wish them a happy andprosperous New Year.SasisMrs. Griffith's Will Probated.The will of the late Mrs. Mary E.Griffith was probated Tuesday in the"County Court. The testatrix, afterproviding for the payment of her justdebts, sets aside $1 000 for the maintenance of the family burial lot in theParis cemetery and gives a like sum toJohn S. Templeton.The residue of her estate is then divided into three equal parts and onethird is give to Mrs. Lizzie Jett andMrs. Kate Ingles, her nieces, tthe latter in the division to .have $200 morethan her sister.The portion left to Mrs. Jett is to bereinvested in real estate, to go to Mrs.Jett for life and then to the childrenof her sister. Mrs. Kate Ingles.She leaves one-third to ner brother,John W. Reid. of Clark county, duringthe period of his natural life and athis death, it is to revert to her legalheirs.The remaining one-third is left toher sister, Mrs. Louisa Robinson, ofLexington, and at her death it is torevert to her children in equal parts.That portion whi-h would go to herson, W. S. Robinson, is to be investedby the executor in real estate whichshall be the home of her nephew andat his death it is to go to his sisterMrs. A. L. Tucker of Lexington.The will is dated April 17. 1903, andis witnessed by Denis Dundon andAnna Thornton.A codicil dated June 8. 1905, andwitnessed by E. 'J. Myall and LouisKriener, sets aside the provision regarding the care of the cemetery lotand directs the executor of her estateto invest the sum of $500. the proceedsof which are to be used to keep in repair the family burying ground.The codicil also revokes the originalgift to her nephew, W. S. Robinson,and his portion is made absolute atthe death ot his mother. William Myall, cashier of the Citizens' Bank, isnamed as executor of the will.B flHHHP9 flHHHBM iggMTwin Sons Born.The wife of Mr. John McCrane. ofnear Centerville, yesterday gave birthto twin sons, weighing 7 pounds each.This is the first birth of twins recorded in Bourbon county under the newlaw, 'vhich went into effect January 1.Mrs. McCrane is the mother of twindaughters, now thirteen years of age.The Grocery Store of Quality. MjJr. C. LENII-IAN, Prop. W'Government Sues.TIip Government brought suit atNew York against thirteen steamshipcompanies under the Sherman antitrust law. The companies are charged with attempting unlawfully tomonopolize the transportation of steerage passengers.Aulo Tires to Take Another BigSlump.Mr. Giltner. of the Bourbon Garageand Supply Co.. has said tnat theyhad been authorized oy leading manufacturers of automobile tires tu announce that after January 9, therewould be another big reduction fromthe present prices of automobile tires.The decline will amount to a reductionof ten per cent on all outer casingsand fifteen per cent on all inner tubes.This is theJsecond tune since November that automobile tires havebeen reduced in price. The first reduction, which was made at that time,being 2 per cent from the prices whichhad prevailed all summer. This slumpis occasioned by a further reduction inthe price of crude rubber. During lastsummer the price of the tires advancedconsiderably and a reaction from thosehigh prices is now setting in.This news will be welcomed by owners of automobiles, as the cost of tiresis from 75 to 90 per cent of the cost ofupkeep.sw snnstmas rias L,ome anGone, ButMitchell & BlakemorediContinue to sell the rightgoods at the right prices andwish their customers in Bourbon and surrounding countieshappiness clear through theNew Year.Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."SIi'j!MJii2&&mtty&yz2mi-v T- V?VA V.i J TW Aril' rVAfit VAffi iB'AVit rAfflt rTE'A"! rVA i IWA i 0TkTA 9k TCA Wk VA i Ir rTVil i -.- -- -----:vimmva&e"pawTL2S".&CLEARING SUE!OF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commences Saturday, Jan. 7Wma";JWmxyeM. Suits and Overcoats sold at S30, now$24.75::&msL'TV Qni-c nv4 rirni.nn-ifo orvl1 of UOK nmvjg . a. u .. v-$19.50isfJSe. ' Suits rri (iwivnatc snlri ur. S27.M) and828, now$21.50m?mmmSuits and Overcoats sold at $22.50, now gf$1 7.50MSImemaouits ana uvercoats soia aL su aim ?o,Now $15mmfsep&mkSuite cmrl Ororpritc cnlrl at". S1f and$16, now 11$12.50 iHTJSrecial Prices on Boys' Suits and Overcoats. Hp$50 pairs Men's and Young Men's All-Wool Pants, sold from 1.50 to $3.50, pchoice $1.00. . 3&mtt mi tt JTL.T, QQ irtVi ZCin OlG&SILfjSf neavy rieecs unuerwcai tt, nuim w. VeFFm mI t kT " W " I l4-ln mr si&fizlwmtwwmmm m - m. i a I LjIIImiici. mfl& I 111 jr r mt Smm .... . .... ... mfrjm vf. vV iv .v vAt ifc. 4Jlc.alPii&araftlirwlyJl?yJ)t6fKle-?r.lc vtri-rKirrfGi ir:A9Kar4r xvvirsr & ..mri&PBcnLLiiiniiiiiiHJimimtmiiiuiuniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHijinnuuniiuiiiiuinninnimmiiiiiniiimmn AFRANK & CO..sJiThe Ladies' Store.Announce TheirAnnual JanuaryClearance SaleAndSpecial Sale of MuslinUnderwear to BeginSaturday, Jan. 1 4th,EndingSaturday, Jan. 21st.Come inand'get your share of theBig Bargains.FRANK & CO.HimtHiwiJiiimffMmwioiiuiHiimmiiHntuHniiiiiHimmiiHinnmmfiim femnmmmmmwmMMsmmm04,s. rtwS!. . .r"ae3iI3i v. - "-'.THE BOURBON NEWS-, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 6, 1911.2I- "I );'Hi iiftrIE. W. CameryWins-No. 964There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theifettieton Shoejwhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted. -THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES. 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.Geo. M eWillams,The Shoe Man.3W3!aC6K3C?Vnmu Fiy kEJSwWBgBSIONE YEAR,$C.OO SIX MONTHS. Payable in Advance$1.00CHICAGO NEWS LETTER::NOW OPEN !Crystal Ice Cream ParlorUnder the new management is nowready for business. A full line ofCigars, Cigarettes, Tobaccos, Fruitsand Soft Drinks may be had.Your Patronage Kindly Solicited.B. K. Adair.You Don't NeedCook Book in order to get up anice dinner or luncheon. Theyoungest and most, inexperienced housekeeper can obtainat this grocery everything f r adinner from soup to desert, noarticle of which will require jexuert knowledge or Ions time !to prepare. Take a look at ourcanned goods and fancy groceries. Thev are wouclerful helpsto young housekeepers.BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto; es, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOCKSThat ;do not a prison make''are no the kind we keep. Oti:locks, bolts, etc., are tue kindthat stay locked and bolted.The' are not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassure. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.crir5WrH "O C I i Jc5i 1LOWRY & TALBOTT3?a,ris Kentuokv?fyBourbon LaundryChicago, January 4 The small representation of the West among thegiant corporations whose New Year'sdividend disbursements totaled .$227,000,000 as against 5200,000,000 lastyear was a striking anomaly, for theincrease of dividends was due to theninp billion dollar crop. The "Reorganizing" of one industry after another has taken an ay irom Chicago theheadquarters of many which nevertheless center in Chicago. The big packing ccncernB, chronically under federalindictment, comprises the one big independent and typically western industry not removed to Wall street. Theannual reports of many companies explained the reason for the combinations which removed them from thewest to the east under the festeringcare of "nigh finance." Earnings, rotuuon the ne capitalization but uponthe ross business of the year, ansignificant. The United State9 SteelCorporation, headed by an ex-Chi-cagoan.Judge Gary, rlone will paydividends of $107,773,099 and 1910 itsnet earnings were Slol.491,413 on agross business for the year382,251, thirf being a marginof over 20 per cent on the businessdone. 'Ihe International HarvesterCompary, since the western harvesterconcerns were combineo, has done anannual gross business of less than $(50,000,000 on which total the margin ofprofit has been steadily increasingfrom 10 per cent in 1905 to 40 per centfor the last year. The margin of 2.33per cent on a gross business of $250.000,000 shown by the Armour & Company annual report is a decided andperhaps significant c ntrast to thesefigures. For 1909 the Swift & Company margin on turnover vas less than2 per cent. The immunity of theeastern companies from prosecution .aswell as the profits of me big trustbsuggest how great must have been thepressure upon the packers to join Wallstreet contingent. For five years theyhave been under fire but the arnouncement at the banquet in New York atwhich 95 per cent of tre steel outputwas represented that "prices would bamaintained" have escaped tederul attention. The high prices of steel areincluded among reasons advanced foran increase of freignt rates upon commodities in general use. To maintainsteel prices ihe mills are now generally shut down causing the idleness ofthousands or workmen east and west.the other directions, fraternal insurance will within the next decade ortwo end in receiverships, with heavylossest of its milloins of members andtheir dependents." In Pennsylvaniathe insurance depaitment urged theenactment of the measure. In SouthCarolina Commissioner McMasier said :"It is said with full convictoin thatthere are fv managers of these associations today who deal frankly withthe membership and who tell exactlywhat they know, or what they couldlearn by careful examination. Thegeneral situation would be wholly satisfactory if this were done. If thefull facts were known to all who weremembers and to all who proposed tobecome members, there could be nocomplaint, and these most worthy institutions would be restored to thesplendid plane of true brotherhood enwnich they were originally louuutd."Woman s PowerCher ManWoman's most glorious endowment is the powerto awaken and hold the pure and honest love of aworthy man. When she loses it and still loves on,no one in the wide world can know the heart agonyshe endures. The woman who suffers from weakness and derangement of her special womanly organism soon loses the power to sway the heart ofa man. Her general health suffers and she losesI 11.- U- nftmth'vpnpcc YttT nminfii Iifiner gooa iuu.:, net ....., , .-...wand her power and prestige as a woman. Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N.Y., wkftthe assistance of his staff of able physicians, has prescribed for and cured manythousands of women. He has devised a successful remedy for woman's ailments. It is known as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It is a positivespecific for the weaknesses and disorders peculiar to women. It purifies, regulates, strengthens and heals. Medicine dealers sell it. No honest dealer willadvise you to accept a substitute in order to make a little larger pront.IT MAKES WEAK WOMEN" STRONG,SICK WOMEN WELL.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and strengthen Stomach, Liver and Bowels.i mjmWrMT?lrH "Tiii iiiMjrjThe exposure of the "tip trust" inChicago just before the New Year'seve orgy in the cafes and dining roomscost the proprietors of that ingeniouscheck room graft thousanus ot dollarsin spite ol the maudlin generosity thatthe exposure didn't nip. But the "tiptrust" is creaked with cleaning up$2,000,000 during the last three yearsmurelv hv stinnlvincr hnv.q tn frah rhfof $646,-. nat,s and coals of patrons and theirOt profit tins Manv n clnnr.v fialahrnnf tutfhmore money than sense has peeled offa $10 and even a $20 for a boy who performed the arduous task of hanging uphis coats and giving his hat a rub.The Dog Law.Did you ever stop to think of theprovisions of the dog law, which hasbeen tne basis fur so much discussionthroughout the State. Kead the following from the statute:"Any o;vner or na-burer of a dog,subject to be taxed, who shall fail torefuse to list the same with the assessor, shall be fined in any sum notexceeding $10 for each dog he so failsor retuses to list for taxation ; and anyperson who shall keep or harbor a dogupon his premises, and who fails orrefuses to pay the tax thereon whendue, shail be fined in any sum not exceeding $25 for eacn offense; and, upon conviction, the judgment may incluae an order requiring such aog to oekilled, which order may be executed byany peace officer, who shall be allowed$1 therefor, to be taxed at cost. Itsnail be the duty of the sheriff and hisdeputies, and each constable in his district, to kill or cause to be killed anydog the owner of which has tailed Lorrt-fused to pay tne tax thereon whendue, and for each dog so killed, without the order of a court, such officershall be allowed oy the fiscal courtfi'tv cents tu he paid out ot the dogtax f'ind. For the purpose of this act,the tax on dogs shall be considered dueon the first day of March ot each year.Provided, however, the sheritf maycollect such tax at any time and insuch manner as taxes aie now collectable by law."jaaEgaAll the talking we can do in favor of FOX RIDGEwill not convince you of its superior ,,rpquality half so rapidly as a tClsample load.W. C. DODSON,PARIS, KY.Qx&53a&ZZ'Q&eZ22&&ZZ&tGg22&bOh as, S. Brent & Bro.DEALERS INHempField SeedsBlue Grass SeedBoth 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.Toward reduction of the country'swaste of life and limb in i ail way andindustrial operations, which theLeague for Public bafety in Chicagodeclares to be possible, more activeattention by slate railroad commissions is being given this winter "thanever before, accoridng to nulletins ofthe League. The recent report of the ,Interstate Commerce Commission for! Why Business Lags,the last year showing an increase of Gloomy Party I bought aueauiboi pasngerj ,n wan -" J from you yesterday. I wishlrom 131 in 1909 to 227 in 1910 and of , . ,: . , T. . .the total number of deaths on the rail- jt back- T ve changed myroads, passengers and employes, from Fliegende Blaetter.2791 to 3868 showedhow imperative is - .the need for action. In New Yorkstate the upstate public service com- 'mission has called a conference forJanuary 19 of interurban railway officials to discuss methods of safety in operation. In Indiana for two years therailroad commission has t iven unusually earnest attention to th i matter ofsafety, recent uisasters being attributed to disobedience of orders and tnelack of safety signals and appliances.In Ilinois the commission has investigated safety devices quite exhaustively.East Tenn. Telephone Co.revolveryou'dmind.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown,lLittleHRock andRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."ConstipationGurfi Fffifi The East Tennessee Telephone Co.Incorporated.D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.m t IPSOffice Opp. Postoffice. V2A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with outlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it. and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.when these fail?The majority then start on salts andpurgative waters, then change to cathartic pills, etc. If you have gone throughthese various stages you know they weroall useless, so far as permanent resultsgo. Now you should try just once again,but try something practical and sensible,a remedy made and intended for the purpose you are trying to accomplish. Sucha remedy, as thousands can testify, isDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which isguaranteed to be permanent in its results. Its ingredients are such that by abrief use of it the stomach and bowelmuscles are trained to again do theirwork normally, so that in the end youcan ao away with medicines of all kinds.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.With the first signs of constipation you resort to the home methodsof relief, such as hot or cold water onarising, lots of stewed fruit with yourThe law creating the Illinois Com- breakfast, etc., but what do you domission was enacted years before electric roads were dreamed of and legislation will be urged during the nextlegislature session to give the commission more authority to protect the public by compelling roads to properlyequip themselves. For years the electric roads and the signal companieshave dictated what should be done ;inthe way of safeguarding travel andi both were disposed to ignore any ccnIsiderations other than thier own wishes. The signal companies have beenespecially arrogant and have failed to,v . A. 1" 1. !. L V.U11 UV A. r J nilil ISLliilrfii!'provide saieiy slop appliances notwiiH- That it will do this Mr. G. Y. Dodson ofstanding they have known that the Sanville. Va.. will gladly attest, and aoproblem in tnat regard ttas been solved W1" " - A- numpiu mrorage, u.... - i TV Hnoa -irVis o cffll clrartftrnl Vinby inixpensive, simple equipment. , wav to roVG fhc nsSGrHH0ns without a penny of expense: Simply send yourname and address to Dr. Caldwell and obtain a free sample bottle. After using it.Insurance comsmissioners oi many .if you are then convinced it is the reinstates have been outspoken recently ldX S ieed,,buy a fifty cent or onoj. J. dollar bottle of your druggist and con-regarding the need for enactment of tlnue to use It for a brief tlme untllthe uniform fraternal insurance bill cured. The directions are simple and theadopted by the insurance commission- dose is small. It is pleasant tc the taste..' convention and endorsed by tra- - g.SS.ff SrTi&'raK'teinal federations 'whose headquarters m0ney will be refunded,are in Chicago. In New York Super- j This remedy is over a. quarter of a cenintonrlonf nf Tnenranop HnthkUci sain tury old and is personally taken bylllbUIIUh.llb . AM -vfc...w w....ww w... . 3..tn At,.M .. .l.n X ,finure uiugKiaia wiu.u iiiij. uuicr similarremedy on the American market. Becauseof Its effectiveness, puritv and pleasanttaste it is the ideal laxative remedy forchildren, women and old folks generally.as the heads of insurance departments t0 Kive you any medical advice you mayin the various states, are now of one desire for vourself or family pertaining tothe stomacn, uver or Dowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case in aletter and he will reply to you in detail.For the free sample simply send vourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress Is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 11.500 Cal4Wll buildinr, Monti cello, III.mm mmmmmn awmmamt mmmmm mmL 1 I 1SALEThe truth is lhat while many advocates of fratrenal insurance have longshut their eyes to it, the representative men of all these societies, as wellaccord in the belief that unless promptand wise action be taken by the statesin the enactment of reasonable but atthe same time mandatory laws, andby the aocietits themselves in the readjustment of their rates, as well asZ OINI PINE fHJRSIj LOWENTMAL'SThe Largest Stock in the City to Select From.Repairing and remodeling at reasonable prices.M. LOWENTHAL, Furrier,I Avinninn. liVntnrLvft Fayette Phone 687-Y1 - rr .. rr-4iy.Jt:"V ''&'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 6, 1911TAX SYSTEMNEEDS REVISIONAddress of A. Y. Ford to theMembers of KentuckyPress Association,RESENT MODE COSTS HEAVILYTax Revision Does Not Mean Exemption. But Fair Apportionment onAM Kinds of Property :tMeans Uniformity.Louis ille. The following is the ad-cies-s1 Mr. A. Y. Ford before theI-.Mimcky lre?s association at thei n;-n-iiii(r gathering in Louisville:flu tax system of a estate deservestjtful consideration. because thetowel- to tax is the power to destroy.::.tl a tax unwisely laid may easily( -a in the life of a community or killr.t industry. Approximately $20.000,.( U a year are taken from the pocketsc; the people of Kentucky for the supI .r: of the state, county and munici1 al governments, h is incompreheni hie that a thing which means soi,, wch in dollars and cents to the pco1 le of the state should generally haveleceived such scant consideration. Iti. diliicuh to understand why it shouldlae been so hard at any time to soc,n from those charged with thec r. of making our laws a careful,t o.ough and conscientious study olL.i methods by which thee large rev-t ..ics are raisedWc have no special!-mplftiut to make of the way inhuh these revenues are spent.r i.f re has been no considerable oxI .nngance in the expenditure of ouri ..blic funds. It is therefore time thainow stop to consider carefully1 la flier thse large sums are raised1 . the best possible methods, whetheri.ir-y are raised in a way that dislrib - ji; the burden fairly as between thejrollers of vaiious kinds of property,,whether the tax laws impose the least1 mien consistent with the demandf r revenue, and whether they so d:s-jtibute the burden as to offer the least jj iissjuie niiiuiaiiee to uie ue eivpiiie-nt' the state. Where there is compe-1t 'ion between communities such asi essarily exists under modern con-,("iiions. an unwise system, laid with-'rat due consideration of the handicap;i' may impose upon the community in iIV sharp competition for new jiopula-'Li.n. new industries and new capital.,raay easily prove destructive of pros-'1 frit. v. !Fc-vision Does Not Mean Exemption !The mnvenieiit for r-visin of the tax '--;- of Kentuelcy ile.ta movement iany kt-ul of ,know'it ' :quarters re-1exemotionI t favor of exeiuilliuil iI fi-ty from !-i:t!!i. Tn -harrt -?x-.l : somor -'!. as an atiie-nl fu- ant i.iittl ft im tsixaJion. There Has re-,c iitly a J ! i ! !n tin- pf-ss of the stutr: article from n -roittl.ni.iu for wlmrii 1l.i the greatest respe-; which rcven1a tui-il mlsimlr.-:adin- f th- spirit: ':d iiur-pits ..f t'is momen:. In thisi t:-k It Is le-laivd that the attenott toi th i-yjn.-r- of taxation In Knt et-y I it part ( sreuerat .-iiiiltiiiatlo'.i ,(' i:pilal to y-ww.- emptioii from t:v-:a' e. I plate iVHi.i-i-:u.-ly. and wish fu'li-ideiitiort. :iti! litiviug abundant upi:; unity to kiv.w wht-if !' I speak. tl:li adviM.-ite of pron-:l revision f ;the tax sysi'i tf K-ta-ky has ever.: .'ir'tt-l that any elass of proper! ,: ''.tiiM b i-vauptel fr-mi taxation.The urjse of the mov-ment for taxjf.i'Mi i not ! !.-eiir- -emttion fo:i u el iss of proiH-rty. On the contrary,i' i fr ilu- purji'i-iv- of removing enstl-,tiitioiiMl rt?l lictioHs s. that the b-gihia-tin-may have pnwer s to vary tin .it-!!i1 and the ratr- thit millions of do!l..rs of property that now esenpe ta'at'u may be made ! yMd a revenu.- atelthn relieve the burdi-u on niil sta!.t'ur pr-s-nt system has utterly failed Inlh; fespeet. After nineteen years ol 't'J! w.- tini it la-- piaetieally broken?i)ii. so far as corn-eras the raising !re -nu- from st-ks m b..i:ls and ot!t-rprujMM-ty of that intangible kind wbh-han -nily be hidden.Shall we merely k .-p .u with the old.Mem that 1ms failed, or shall we niaki-ouvs-lvfSfr-e t-i try mthds that hav; tt eeedetl elsewhetv in deriving large jn VfiiiM' from this kind f property which's.'pes in our state? 1 make no appeal" ;h- mx d-xlger. I. favor no exemptioni f any kind of nroperty. I atlvocate a ;;-ln that will make ev-ry kind ofI ojwtnv b.ar a fair han- f t lie burdens!ra-.l :ii-ording t it e.-i parity and eol-Jlii-iii by a )ue'hnl titted : it- ehanieter. ,Facts and Not TheoriesTh-veilea!ly. under our present law.r prt "!! is exempt, l'melieally. tin-;.'i .ur preti hiw. mlttbms upon mil-.'i -!iie. Only ab.. tit xr.75"l.li ofb !. 1-r i?t-l!H-e. Wel-e 'iiXltl III l'l-'r.-livh! ;. Tb:'t IS Iliai'lfes! m'-("imlity. l.ei u atbhess ti-elves t4 tiefae!-'. l.el fa4N- the -IIilil b HIS lis theyiff -the laws of ecHiowics ami of hitmaniv. ore as i hey are awl not as:h- v fiuxiid he.Di. system f tnxMt'.on weKemi-ky Is wb-it Is Kimwn as- il 1'r.n.ei-ty Tax S'.cti-m. Itwo thinkhnv- in 1tin- f:il :. s--j: tn whieh eanie into e.xltene.n- ag wh-n property existedninny ;In sitn- .' fim. wln-n most that ;i nuiii li:nl'i-ultl Wo In sh.ipf of hniils smhI Iioiiso?! IJ- sjt.ck. r a stuck of j;mm1s. .rhr thlwus viitl- tr. the- ovo nml i-nsllv:i. -...t I.. . U .. 1-.. :. ... 1 1. 14il.l IIN Jk l '.-l V.-H li IFII4-"li. MffU- W'I' lill. 111;! 1L1V lijix hiflll.i- ouf4rowit rtinl th- syti-m whloh snf-iI t!i-r. Is ii'iw l'r-iti fiif!';tlly :iI)JUi-i. 'wl !i--jim.' It h l-.-i finioil Imnossi- !l! tA nliiil it to tl:- in;iny nw forms ofI'-'MK-rty whi-li lmv- imm- into -x't-nc-owith th.- t r-fn -itiioti-: iiiinstri:il niiI i-oni-:' 1-roinl --fUm nt f i'--i-ii; y-rs. Wo!. mw lAMttifii'tl fi-in. of pt'op--ty jt-.t woro t i-vt-n iJrisinnil of ni tin.-iip tb ir-nr.ti pr.-rty lix -am- Into'ivor. Thi il-v-ijtii-nt of Ht rorpo.-M-J' with : :iri-.! frms of proju-rtyfollo-tMC: II. loUflll.-!' With 111.' Will.- .II:-tt:Unt.n f sti-urith-. h.i- i-ntiri-Iy 'I.mr.-. tin i-o:iitlixioii of .ilTalrs.J -y-r.-ni f "ix:illin whl-h -uihl ilo-(tfio tovtrniH- from l.nuls nml hnis.s ,-inl joih.-r Witvtts of visihh- prrtfu-rxy. Avhk-h !:il lixotl. Miilltti iliv 11 ;iit.; unnlili- to-:ll iw lit- ii.. nii.-inj fttl...l t.i il..riv. 51 !'i-iim f:un IhiikIs :ih! storks nml iiii !- ami i!li.f f.irnis nf itit:inuilli jti-..njil properly, llkf Immls .-nnl stui-ksj! inonoy nun !i.it.-s. whit-h vui hiilo I...i ...in i..i i. .. .1. . ...,! mi- nili-ni-UT till- I.I.N lilll "Ivvvi-r f th- i'un-rty nji.ir'JstooTtt- -4 prfviiortiim of the IiK-otno from;tiitjiropcrty.TheGap Widens.Kvvn In the earlier -lays of corporate' twfwii.-wj. the mi.fii was not quite soI f it le- to-day. War hv v.-ar. how-bonds and -t..ks ami notes andher fronts of'y r mwoiitintangible pcrsonnl lrop-jiari-T and larger P"J.n-i :Re of the total property of the f'oniJ.iuiihy. Vtr by year, at tin- -ame time.in fleiiiM nds f..r rev.-iitie for jnibllo pnr- I! is. tiiM'ii as s.o.l roads, fjood schools.-;' . bt'i-oine SieavJiy and the tax ratePus higher and hilier. At tho pameme the yield from bonds and stocks lia?Mown smaller and smaller. In earlierI.ys railroads thought nothin-f. for Inn i me. of Issuing- 7 j.r Cont bonds. To--vajiy standard railroad would consider Ittc-ir dlssraeed in the matter ofcredit If It could not Jloat Its bonds at 4per cent or Iops. The Inevitable resultoi tiie.se chanirinfr conditions with theri1? ra,te KoIB higher and the yield fromuna class of property soinfr lower hasien that the owners of this kind ofproperty will not ll-st It for taxation whentne tax rate taken anywhere from t'l toper cent of the InioiiK yielded by thatproperty. Therefore, more and more ofthis kind of property has gone into hiding, and though such property forms every year a larg. r part of our totalwealth, it yit-lds steadilv a smaller proportion of the total reveivue. and thelMirden of supporting the governmentf.llls mor atlil mir. ln-ivUv nnnn r..-il' estate and other forms of property that! can not be hidden. ,j It is in order to cure this injustice andI the evils attending It and resulting fromJ,m Plt" vision is urgd in Kentucky.I he evil has been corrected elsewhere.It ean be corrected here. The States of thei mo:i are rapid1:.- abandoning this sys-:',n-tate has ever succeeded in tievising a system of penalties and assessments .r euunliaation that could compel. intangible movable oropeny to stand'id be taxed when the tax rate amountsto eonllseniii.n of so large a part of theincome.HowIt Wcrks in Kentucky..-.nw let us look at the situation inKentucky. The state tax is 50 cents.There you h-ive already a tax rate tiittras high as some classes of nronertv canaMiy s:anu. tint we do no: stop there.S'nder our law on top of this ao-centstate t.-'x must be jmt the oituty tax,wlurh. taking the state over, will awrage not ftir from Ta eent-. This gives usi tax rate of $i, too high for many, andthe process ol hiding g' is Well underwa y.Xor do we stop here. On top of th'.Fslate tax of .7.1 cents and the county taxof 50 cents there Is still Imposed a localtax ranging all the wav from 5 cents tojl.sii. and sometime higher, and w'tli Iev rv 3 or 10 cents added to the ratemore and more property is eliminated byhiding or undervahi-ttion. The averagetax raS in cities and town of first, si-e-otid.third, fourth and fifth classes InKentueky is about S.VJ2. This ainoun'sto about ..- :wy ei-tit , ,f tlii leim-ti ti-om I'ry A per cent investment. It amountsto a little miller t.". ner r nt of the retnre, Ifrom any 5 prr cent investment, and ifyou apply it to a :: per cent investment,such n a saving-- account, it takes nearly 7"i net- cent to the income. Not eventhe wi!de--t rx'reme-! would propose an"iconic tax ot lo toper cent. Vet tintrolled from someis wnai we try irlassi s of property. It is. too much oexpect of weak hunvin naure. It is astupid deltance of economic laws as wella of the law of human nature. "Vh nany tax takes more than 10 per cent ofthe income from any class of property,undervaluation and caslon will begin.The larger the pereentagv f incometaken by a tax the greater incentive .ot v.ision. undervaluation and perjury inorder to escape the burden, until youi- ach a point where to pile further tave-n a tax rate already high doe noyield a 'iroport'onate increase of revenue. We Have Tried It Nineteen Years.We iix.il this system iti the new constitution nineteen years ago. Our intention Were good. We acted with the bestj..,j v.,, .;,, ;,;however, at ththat time. I'nfortunatelv.lime we adopted it. thesst(tn was being abandoned elsewhere.It is not yielding sullicieiit revenue for ;progtessive state. It hampers Industrie-.It burdens the poor ni-in. It drlve capital out of the state, or into forms of investment xhat do not promote businessactivity and do not furnish employmentto labor and do not develop the resourcesof the state.It is a mistake to suppose that it is therich man only, or chiefly, who has aeaiise of complaint against the presenttax system. The rich man can take careol himself, and does take care of himself. He understands the tax laws, or Ifhe does not understand them himself, he jjs j,ble to employ the best legal counsel jto tell him how to so arrange his invest-;meats as to be in a safe position wh n (tin. assessment time rolls around. If a'l 1else fails, he can move out of the state,lie is smart enough to put the greater!part of his estate in forms of propel-that he can easily conceal from the as- !-ssor. The poor m-ui can not do lhthings. If he has been fortunate andthrifty enough to save anything at all. ig. TV-rally it first inke the form of a !-aviugs account ami then of a home, jlb knows little or nothing of stocks and jb-.iids. If he his a savings account liemiij-t conceal it '"roni the assessor or give!up practically tin- whole of it yeild in itax. s. If he has not,saved enough for :ihome he still pays a tax on real estate.for i very niati who lives under a roof jmust piy this t-ix. whether in exchange!for a tax recipt from the sheriff, or fora rent receipt from the landlord. There jIs no escaping it. And if the poor manin Kentucky has tried to buy a home andhas made a partial- pavmeiu on H. lennds that the notes representing hi deferred payment-- are also taxed, and thelender may be trusted ;. arrange matterso that the owner of the property wiM.:and the lcu-dcn of the tax on tho-enoti s. practically makivg him pay doubletax to the f.'-::t t". unpaid purcha-emoney.Costs the State Heavily.T have seen it stated recently that theissertion that our tax system has drivencapital from Kentucky and keeps othercapital from coming 'o Kentucky is abald assertion not resting on facts."have stated before, and 1 repeat her.-,that about three eas ago by cornspondunee and otherwise I personallvtiaced more than live million dollars ofcapital that had been invested in Kenlucky, but had be.-n recent !v closed outand Utken from the state because iiowners found that under more advantageous tax laws elsewhere they eouhlget gnstter yields from their Investment.This money wa-" no' taken from the!,,...,. ri-nt.-r- of oiinulniioii like l.oui.vi!Je. It was taken from small commuii-I'b-swhere tie- withdrawal of $1m.ih) or.:iii.iiimi :n.an: a rather serious contraction in lite availab'e caphal of the comimiuity. We Need Outside Capital.ithas not beta long since T heard thestartling statement made by -t,speak.-r at a public gathering that welo not need foreign capital in Kentueky.I am iptl'e sure no editor of a Kentnekv newspaper will agree to this,l'raciicallv al) of the development ofthe resource- of Kentucky that hataken place has been by the aid of foreign capital. Tt mu.-t have been so.We did not have the capital ourselves.If we do not get it from the outside.W lwoiilil no: nave u at an. i lie tie. . ....... ....r .. I.. I . . . r . ....I l"IF"lll".:i ll"." if. "! Ill .1.41. -ll 4 11Ki'ntiii-ky is nlniost wholly by im-mi--uf oiitsioi- i-:itit;il. w i- tioi-'l this oii!-sll-oatiltiil. A- w:int It to i-oiiu-. Wcwa'it it to ::ui'J for Its fair slnirc oftho lnrili-n of inn- -xpi-nsHs. It i notMt'oposoil to i-xonipt J: from ta.x-itlon In.iril-r to irt-t it. hut It Is propositi to jhIjnst ih" t:ixi-.s upon i-vi-ry forjn of cmimt:il thit coini-s with a n-nsonahli- vli-wto Sin- profit it oxpfi-ts to yli-ld its own-.-::uil also with an -y- out for thi-i i-onip-litIon Ii:w'oii oni.- Stat- ami nn-otlii-r h ill- :iilvniit:tS".-! offon-il for sni-lt! hivostnionl.Sone Absurd Results.l.i-t tin- point out a ft-w of ;hi- ahsunllths in uraitifi- in i-nforcln. Ilu? tri-m-ralnroi.i-rty t.'i" in Kontm-ky. l.i-t us sup.1''man wijji :i iiimiis:iiiu uoiiars 'n:i snviitt;s ai-ooiiiix hi i.ouisviik-. .j i Iirv.IMnt; 'rati- of inti-n-st. tliri-i- pi-ri.-ut. I:e woitl'5 roal'z" In ono yiMi- thirtydollar-- on his avintrs. IIo woiilil pavs-ir. of this S:W.H in lax'-s. I .lo not......... ...li-it tilltin- tax rnio now is in V:t-yioirs ao It w:i S:5.Ki-. . ' -- -il... thi it ii :-- -n:ti 11:111 lit.: t i..n" . , ...h..,, ,i,oiJii,i . .. i.,.i k i i.ill three pel cent hit. f-St. he Woiilil: have re.iii"."'l S::i.OO a year from his !nI vest:ni-nt. anil he would have naif $.'!l.fiin taxes. paymT a penalty ior ivmhthrift v. Tn view .' this, it is no wonder that out of more than SiJ.OoO.tVMi.iTxi ofsavimrs In tin i uiteii --itiuejs more ar.'n.ir,jy.janKjii.iii In savings banks in Ken-tuc.kC The miTi! liberal policy pursuedby-tho Xm7- KiiRlaml States has madethat Hi Mo corner 'of our country theKi'eat reservoir of savings funds, tlihoarded dollars o" people of small mean-,which it the asrrojjato make such anenormous sum. that every yxoat enter--,risewith a doservin;; bond Issue to floatlooks Hrst to the Xow rug;lnml market.Banks Protect Themselves'.5It Is often stated by people who havenot investigated this movement for rrevision ot the tax system that It orig.nates largely in the desire of banks toescape from taxation. Let no one concern himself about the batiks in thismatter. The tax on banks does not stopthere. There is such a thing as incidence of ta.vntion. wh-eh In cotnmtparlance merely means shouldering theload off on the next f. How. If a bankhas to pay a high rate of taxation itget it back from the borrower. If thatborrower is a retail merchant he getsit batk from hs customer. If the borrower is the owner of real estate who isputting money into housts. he gets itback from his tenants, who may h. poormen. In the end. the tax will b- bby snmebodv else than the hank.:;:,;!;; ;bank will continue to earn dividends forits stockholders. :Uut 1 do not mean that too ht avy a,tax on a bank has not an unfavorable ,effect. The unfavorable effect of it Is :ution the community, however, as a Iwhole. Lather than stand too heavy a jload of taxation the bank" will reducetheir c;r,iital and surplus, as many of ,them have done in Kentucky, ruder Unlaw of this State, the amount that canbe loaned by a hank to any one Individ- ,ttal or firm" or corporation is limited to ;a fixed percentage of the capital and jsurplus of that bank. The result, there- .fore, of reducing the capital and surplusof banks is to reduce the amount of (credit that can be given and to restrict lthe banking faci'.itie-- of our large mercantile and manufacturing establish- jmeiit. This ha gone so far that there Jis not a large establishment in the State jto-day that can procure from its local jbanks a sufficient line of credit to carry jon its enterprise. Xor is there In Ken- jtueky today on account of the heavytax we put oh capital and banking deposits a single institution or any group 'of institutions strong enough to float areally big financial enterprise.A Farsical Result. jfont ran with this the fact that for ,! JftlO there were listed in the State ofKentucky for taxation bonds to theamount of only ..".77::.:ort. out of a totalassessment of $'JS.27.".022 or less thanseven-tenths of one per cent. Add tobonds the amount listed of stocks andnoni V and tbe all amount to less than10 per cent ofmortgage notesthe total, and without !(which can't escape) toless than 5 per cent of the total. Thisis ab-urd. but it is true. Xo man willpresume to n:iv that thi? is more thanan infinitesimal oart of the bonds actually owned in tlii-- State subject to taxation under the State laws as theystand. Of th'- meagre amount nearlyone-half was listed in .Jefferson County.How It Could Be Better Done.There are way of thriving revenuefrom these classes of property that esI e-ipe in Kentucky under our presen sys" tern. la t me illustrate. We attempt, asI I have shown, to tax savings depositsI yielding three per cent by the sarin'I method and at the same rate that we usej in taking any other form of propertyj which pay.! fifteen or twenty or twentvI five per cent and which is fixed ami vlsi: ble in its character. The consequence isi Hi-: t practically n savings deposits aregiven in for taxation. In the N'ew Kng-j land States savings deposits !ir(. taxed jj tit rale arying from some thirty toj forty cents. This tax Is paid by thebank, and the bank adjusts it with the! owner of the savings deposit. The Slatelis certain of the revenue, since it is!i content to take a reasonable percentage 1of the meome derived rrom the deposit, jand it has no ditlictilty in collecting it. jIt is not forced to"attc:upt to find thisproperty in the hands ,,f the individualholder. ' JCan 3e Brought Out.It mayon n-oiibe urged that lowering tin- rate!rty of this character will not jout for taxation. We can only;bring i:point toin this ri ti 1 vi ifiin f if nt lii Ctfiti.uMi-t. Minium nn'iuv is pivtivI niix-n 'in- j-:i!iii- i-vfi'yvli-:i-. .Most nwnwoiilil rniliiT In- lunii-s! jilmnr 1 liit ;isI si-sini-nls if tln-y r-;in ! so -.vitlioiu .-nf-!forinir coiili-'iMtinn. Tin- i-h.-uii- of i-i!! on tinshis Hass of in-o.irty lia- innlllplifil jn-v.nii.- fr.nn it ni.my f..l.l in ih-!:licSt:it- of .M:iryl;inil within n-n-nt y-:ii'. !nml ni;u!i- liossihli- t?i- n-ilni-tion of tin-!St:i:i lux niti- to !: i--tiJ.Our Remedy In Kentucky. jlint vi- .-in- not :i' Illi'-rty in tin- Stati .! of Ki-ntiu-ky to ;n'.itit :ny of tin im-th-ioils lllilt luivc nfforili-il iv-lii-f to oti-r :St:st'S. li-c:ius't nf tin- n-.-triction pn Iupon our l.i-j;isl;ittii''.- Jv tin- -onsti:ntionof tin- St:iti W.- :ir- :i-l IkiimI ;uul footto tin t;-nM:il propi-rty ;ji. systi-m. 1I .In ii.. 1 1 ... I .. .. in ! t !! -;! ir iti lii.ni 'proposing ;i n-iiifily Is is not troposci!llial t'lt-n- shmilil In- :my siiilih-n millr:iilic:il iIi:int.-i- of tin- I'l-vi-niii' systemitntnci!iiiti-l upon tho .-oloption of thoproposi-i .luu-mlnn-n: to tin- ('onstitntionof tin- St:iti If tin- l.i-xisliitmv proposi-.stin nn-inliiii nt to tin- i-onstitntion ;iimtin- pi'opU- ratify it at tho polls, tin result lip to that point will h- nirivly thath.- l.i-i;i--1aturi- is put in a position .wlu-i'i- it nil l"i:In '.'u- work of ri-isiux'our tax syti-m. Th.- .-1 1 1 1 . 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 1 1 iioi-s Inot mi-an tuiist." It im-ans "m;iy." ! IIt is wi-'.- tin- I.i-uislaHin- will " r.- isi; .slowly Tin -jovoriitii.-nt must o on.Ucvintio must hi Inn!. Itovisioti tnu-t jhi- caution. It shoiilil pn-i'i-rahly ho as- jsisti-il hv a tax rommission Uiithfriny: information for tin- l.i-iflsl:ituiv to a!upon. Il shouM In uluiii; a consistintlln ili's"i4nfil to inil in a systi-m tutilot ;whiirh thi- biuret's of rt-vrnue shall h ii-la-sitlil. ii-rtaiu proptrty hoinj? tax.-il-forStati purposi-s. ami for Stato pur-jiosi-s only; utin-r propi-rty for .Munii-ipalpurposfs and for Aluuii-lnal purpososonly; still otln-r nropirty for ('ouutypurpos. s atii! for (,'otiufy purposi'S only -allpropi-rty !)tiim t-ixiil al soim rati forsoini- jiurposi' a n! for otn- purposi only,that r.ifi hfliiK as lalrly a- po.-sihli- ailjnst.'il to tin normal income from property of that class anil collecteil by theim-thoil that will yield the largest rctnrtis. That Is the i ..sit ion in a nutshell.Tt "is no: theory. It is helm; success ful!.lone. Fourteen Slates have now sosua pen tn-tr cousin in ions mat tliey mav. iiio it. .miii ai everv sL.-p hi i no tuovre.ssfrom th-- oh! m.-t'ioil to the new. t iwork woiil.l he in the ha mis of th. 'chosen re pre.- nlatives of the people.The Go?l To Ee Reached. jThe foi'intilatiiiK of the new system .ami the working out of its details shoit ;be .lone mu.-t millions!).. but alwavs ,with a view to finally reachimr a pointwhen the State would raise its entlivreveiuie-i from one class of property:!the bounties from another class of 'property, anil tin Miles li-om still an-joilier, ruder such a .system, when completely In effei t. farming lands wouldbe taxed only for local purposes. They-hould not pay a cent or tax for Star.- 1purposes. Xo kind of properly taxed for jStat.- purposes should be taxed for local :purposes, ami none taxed for County or JCity purposes should In taxed for State !purpose?. .Uy this separation of sources of revenue,v.v avoid that piling up of one tax rateon another which makes tin burden soheavy in Kentucky, and by this classify-tin-; of properly aceoriiine; 10 its eapaeitI ior siauiiiii-J a i;i iirop'M uona n- lo tn.'Income it yields, we remove th- ineen- :tive which our present system furnishes :o undervahJation and evasion and per- !jury. II am not point I ii; out an ideal or un-Itri.-d system. This system has been fol-lowed and is belli?-; followed successfulh jelsewhere. Tliei'e is" no reason why it Ishould not prove equally successful in iKentucky. Tr holds out the hope, of re- 1lief. i 'I trust I haw made ir plain that taxrevision, doi-s not mean xo'mptioii for.inyiioiiy. 11 means mTe:y a lair apportionment of the burden as to kinds ofproperty. It means an abandonmenta system that promises Ideal uniform!in theory, but in practice lias resulted jin the grossest unfairness to all visible ;forms of property and the practical ex- :emptiou o millions. It means- pultint;in the hands of the legislature the power ito vary the rale and the method at alltltne to suit changed and changiimforms of rperty. so that if property .will not stand to bo taxed by one method,we may reach it by anotlur; and so thatIf one i-Ue is found too liluh Por a class jof property I'havlni; reference to the In-Ie-une that property yields) a .liferent ,rate may be tried in the interest otlarger revenue as well as of fairness. Sothat, in short, we may he free to dealwith a question " s-'ch Importance atall times as -any business man won'deal with the ciim-iiit'v roeurrinp: problems In ills busim ss Uf-. chiiuiny hismethods to t;t!:- .it .-.': a -40 of his" ownexperience and fin- i xpet-Ience of others,and of all of tin- Information he can Geton the subject.Scott's Emulsionis a wonderful food-medicinefor all ages of mankind. It will make thedelicate,sickly baby strongand well will give thepale, anemic girl rosycheeks and rich, red blood.It will put flesh on thebones of the tired, overworked, thin man, andwill keep the aged manor woman in condition toresist colds or pneumoniain the winter.FOP. SALE 1JY ALL DRUGGISTSSend 10.-., namo of paper nml thin al. for ourbeautiful Saving liiu.L: :onI Chilli's Sketch-LlooL.J-..ich !i..:ik couiaiii a Good Luck Penny.SCOTT . UOWNE. 409 Pearl St.. New YorkK viftOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing, jA moderately priced one, too. 1f you are looking for "The"Mat you'll find it in our pros-1ent handsome display of smartmillinery. 'We have made extra efforts;tlUS SCaSOll tO 1'CaCll tll(3idea of, every woman and feel confidentI of your securing a satisfactorynmvh H;P llPl'f .tmi"'l1- J1-1 "Mrs. Lome Watson baird.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,;;j.HxILandT211.Fancy'Pl)l!Novelties.TLo.1 iuiioE.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS, !if Successors to Carl Crawford!3 Olieiirs 3:AU White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.iThe Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.; Curtis & Overby.FOR SALE.Foos Jr., 2-horse power as enginein good condition. Reason for sellingwill install electric motor. Cost $125.Will sell for $G0 cash. Apply toTHfc BOURBON NEWS.IJoe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.; Insuranceinsurance against 1-ire. Wind andLightning.Your patron ace solicited.. Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.j Offers his services to thepeople ofcounties.no chargeBourbon and surrounding1 Satisfaction guarantee or! charge made.Special made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-live years experience.urders I-l lc ". ..1 -r-T -twxuei, leiu au xut: jjuukuo.x jmbwsio Frankfort. Kv.. Daily Except Sundaon ice win receive promptflttontinnJohn White & CoLOUISVILLE, KY.Established 1837Highestmarketprice paidS FURSand HIDES.vrooiI CMMISSI0.sHEhtJiXssiiitt!.ST0VESWo are Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanPlainleAnd Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedStove Pipe and allf kinds of Cooking Ttensials.Give Me aTrlal.King Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Kyoaiawm racKmg o., i"The Model Packing Plant," IRespectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand dealers.Baldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.IIL. 6c N. TIME-TABLEIX EFFECT FEB. 2, 11)10, AT 11:39 P. M.Trains jrriveFROMAtlanta, CSa.. Daily ,.. .Lexington, Ky., DailyMays ville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCincinnati, 0., DBilyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky,, DailyCincinnati, O., Daily '.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayMays villa, Ky., Daily Except Sundtiy .Lexington, Ky.. DailyKnox ville, Tenn.. Daily.Maysville, Ky., DailyCincinnati, O . Daily Except SundayLoir'sville & Frankfort, Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., DailyJacksonville, Fla., DailyLexington, Ky.. DailyCincinnati, 0., DailyTrains IDe-peirtI TOCincinnati. 0., DaityMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayFrankfort & Louisville. Daily Except .SundayCincinnati, O., Daily Except SundayMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily rKnoxvillc, Tenn., DailyJacksonville. Fla., DailyLexington, Ky., DailyMaysville, K.. DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCincinnati. 0., DailyRowland, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky.. Daily Except SundayCincinnati, O., DailyLexington, Ky., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily! Except SundayCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, K. , DailyAtlanta, Ga., DailyNo.:-MWA7291040;57o12noM2G2511i:js:s5:8no:i214:n;No.! 34it40102937- 33133! 26! 25j 081 9; 3J): 32i 13I s; 30131, 31IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains ArriveFROM. nNo.f . . ' tt" . i" ,-, . ,. -.14Frankfort, Ky., Daily Eicept Sunday... .S Louisville oc lu-anktort, Daily Except Sunday162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only .. .Trainstfo. TO101 Frankfort" & LQuisville, Sundav Only7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday1 Frankfort. Ky., Dail- Except Sunday ....... .3 F ankfort, Ky, Dailj'lExcept SundayRange1!Vii5 26 am....5.23 am7.2S ami7.25 ann...7.55 am8.12 anni).40 ami... 10.05 am....10.05 am...10.10 arrr...11.50 am3.10 pm3.15 pm....3.22 pm-J.25 prat5.40 pm.5.40 pm0.2JI amu" 25 rmt0 27 prm...10.27 pm...10:40 pm5.33 an5.35 am7.-'5 an7.35 amS.20 amS.20 am.U.-14 amJMfi am10.15 am10.1S am-11.52 anv.11.54 am--J.30 pm-3.35 pm5.4t pm5.50 pnir0.32 pm.0.35 pmfi.35 pm-..0.45 pm-10.4S pm.10.50 pm. . S.lpanr. .;).50 pm. .H.25' rim,.JO.lO pmDepart,.7.0(f .vno..7.3-r am. .9.-'a:u, . .5:53 aux..v...-rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 6, 1911.t,li!i!a :miflElMaster's Sale-OF-House & Lot in Paris,Ky.DECEffi HONOR ROLLParis Public School Presents thej Largest Roll Last Month InIts History.I Many of the Students Miss theMark Only By a Small Margin During December.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.Alice Crick, Plaintiff.vs.Mary Sidener, Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the above, The honor roll of the Paris Cityutyled aetoin at the Novemher, 1910 School for the month of December isterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court, the ? one of the largest in the history of theundersigned Master Gommissioner of school.Shortage is Found in Accounts.A shortage in he accounts of Rev.Jack Sweeney, former Fish and GameCommissioner of the State of Indiana,and brother of the late J. S. Sweeney,I was tound last week, when examiners1 appointed.by the State to look over hisI accounts made their report. A disi patch from Indianapolis to the Cincininati Enquire! Sunday was as follows:1 ' Examiners employed by the StateIGOOD DAILY ATTENDANCE Board of Accounts have reported tothe latter a shortage of more than&it2o0 on the books of Rev. ZackFormer Parisian Weds Lexington Woman.The marriage of Dr. J. Ed Ray, formerly of Paris, now of Suuar City.Col., to Mrs. Florence Sheppard, ofLexington, occurred on Monday, January 2. in Kansas City .Mo., the Rev.Dr. Neal oiiieiating. The weddingwast he culmination of a pretty romance of otherDouble Murder Near Corbin.The finding of the bodies of Mr. and jMrs. Warren in their partly burnedhome, nnar Corbin. Monday, reveals II the most fiendish crime that section has jiknown in many years. Warren's skull ,had been crushed in and his wile sthroat cut from ear to ear. Perpetrators of the crime, whose motive wasnrnhahlv rnhhnrv. had scattered oiluhvs. ivirs. neouaru ...., .u ...mn : ur,Q f i.nuonniand Dr. Ray having .been sweethearts i the5r crimef bul tne building failed to jyGff pi0' r , t iku. Bloodhounds placed on the ti ail-r. Kay formerly resided in Paris i.t ...!. .... u .... i,..,.,u f iUJ0no of fJnmhno rm U':,.L 'fuhen Ua ... " 1 I U - -.:.. ,OUIU UUL lft.e Up LUC audit Utv.n....w, wi. vuwiuuo, 1UIIIICI r ISM , 'v.G jig Htfa CllgUKai Hi UIB UraClltf (ha n,l ,..,; foilIndiana, of his profession. About twelve vears :: :..,. m-n t ...n .-in a i-i ?.l -,.. t- .. . ...... . . . - r: i itjunuiiv iiiuml vni idilicu ti.uh,yv. . uenonty, umei or tne Doard, ago ne went west tor the benehtof his ' wo . " ; Tu ;n;n; of ti.P War I1UI JWV.SS MM VUV . -7 - IijjKlthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will, on ,Saturday, January 21, 1911,at the courthouse door in Paris, Ky . ,about the hour of 11 o'clock a. in , se'lat public auction to the highest andbfst bidder, on a credit of six and .twelve months for equal parts of the 'purchase money, the property 'described in said judgment and ordered to be Ieold in this action, to-wit:A certain house and lot situated r,nMain street, paris, Bourbon county, !Kentucky, near the southern limits ofthe city of Pari?, fronting on the IThe total enrollment for the whiteschool numbered (4J, with an averagedaily attendance uf 515. In the colored school the enrollment totals ;W1with an average attendance daily of2 5. The total enrollment )f bothschools nubmers 993.Many missed the honor of a place onthe December rll, which tollows, onlyby a small traction, others were tirdya minute and still otners lost on deportment.Grade IB Heniy Scott Clay 90,Cartney Kenton 91. Charles Pat90, Clay Alexander 90, Eva Chappell90. Julia Masterson 91.refused to discuss the matter todav."Rev. Sweeney is one of the mostprominent men in Indiana, havingbeen a leader in the Christian churchfor many years. He is the father-in-lawof former Lieutenant GovernorHugh T. Miller and son-in-law of thelate .Tostph J. Irwin, multimillionaire,who died recently. During PresidentHarrison's administration Rev. Sweeney was Minister to Turkey. He tookup the work of Fish and Game Commissioner because of a natural interestin it."Rev. Sweeney, it is said, is readyto make good the shortage as soon asthe board presents the matter to him.He has employed attorneys here, whoare said to have asked the Indianapolispolice to arrest Sweeney's formerChief Deputy. E. E. Earle, and hiswife. The Earles. it is alleged left,';.: i here about a month ago supposedly forlucAiLu. italic wuiamcu u uivorcethree months ago and married Misshealth and has since residedCity, Col. In the past fewhas made frequent visits toand this city.at Sugar rens home, was arrested as a suspect'years he and taken to Uarboursviile where heKentucky was put through a grilling examina-Vt OU- i IIIJII. lie Hil3 II1UUC nVtiUI v.jiiuit.i.iiit,"- oneijparu is a very popularwoman of Lexington, and prominentlyM?.nectS?: ?he was viaitin? her niece , Har,an count.... '"""in- itn.no, ai, ivuiioiiaCity at the time of the wedding, butnad been living in Lexington foriseveral years previous, and was ex-Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness.and with only a fraction of 1pected to return to that city within ashort time.Mr. and Mrs. Ray returned to Colorado and will make their homp inSugar city.statements.111 .. i'.-v .-i ivjr. anu ivjrs. warren came numabout one year ago andlocated near Coibin. The home wasremoved from the highway. Warrenhad sold some stock a few days agoand was thought to have had moneyconcealed in his home.hcent, magnesia, it cenrre'f-s wildure for ages.Cement madefor all kind.its orGoethe's Voluminous Product.Besides the books which are bestknown to English readers. "Faust,""Wilhelm Meister," etc., Goethe is theauthor of. 44 dramas, melodramas andfarces, and any amount of travel andy" 1 i g- 11' t 1 1 ft 7r.ioe;n ,i i.av;ni.m nm.-.;L-a ,, i uraue ja-uiara nignianu 'Jo. r.jizan w icrinm'nA nt m,p i,n nf m r . ?& Johnson 90, Elizabeth Longan ai.N WnnH fnrmrlv R. T. Ilavis. run- ! Helen Speakes 90.ning N. with said pike 08 fent, thence . J 1rar,c,s w,,,s 9back from said pike in a Westerly, ;, , OIJ 7. ,. 01. . ,w;r.Ho o .iscfonn of 907 fcf thnn Grade 2B Jim McClintock 90,S. 68 feet, then E. 297 feet to the be-;criticism, and even his poetical writ-Meehan two or three days afterward, i ings renstitute a sort of enormousfi Uev. Sweeney turned the oir.ee , dumpling, with very few currants in-Alice Shearer 90. I ".,", c" JJ,rtl1 tu. lul, tU1" "r,K.,s . ueed in pioporlion to the dough.Nancy Barbee Wilsonsaid to have hadginning, and adjoining Mrs. woon onthe one side and Mrs. Sharron on theother side, neing the same niopertyconveyed by the Paris Ceim-te:y Company to Sarah E. Sidtntr by deeu ofdate October IS, 188. of record in theBourbon County Clerk's office in DeuiiBook 70, page -1S3.The purchaser will be required toexecute .bonds for the purchase pricewith good surety tearing interest from . n?s ur"ei? 'pristine McCord 92,timiKu ii an tne r,...i. ........funds. After he was succefded inoince ny a Democrat liJarle started to !t form the Farmers' Fish and Game 'I Protective Association for he purpose Iof bringing about the repeal of the' present Fish and Game Commissionla-v. !, "Stirling U Holt, an olliesr in theorganization, said that Earle had allthe money paid in by members. The ,amount was between S200 and S300. 1mar Hill 90 Jams ' Practically all or' the shortage is saidCharles Grinnan 92, have come from failure to reportuuniejs licenses in tins county.Margaret Ewalt 92, j Lou Anna Medley 90,Mildred Brannon 90, Anna Leeds 91,Virgil Mann 90. Alma L. Goldstein 92, ,Herman Tulley 90.Grade 2A Silroy Linvill V 1.Geialame ilerrin 94, Julius lienik'92. Margaiet Highland 91, Hugh Scott,90, Collins Hall 90, Robert Hall 90, ,Verna Turpin 90.Grade :JA Lz.Arnsparger 90,Richmond Court.RichmondCuts Out Lamp Lighters.Clockwork apparatus, to automatically light and extinguish gat: streetlamps, has been invented to save thexpense of lamp lighters.en-thc best Portlandin the world to-daywork. Every user ofcement should lenm more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 3SThen keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati. Oh.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co-t u !- u f f u t' ' ! ' ?. ! f-V9 'H f& ti ?"f ftt ft4! ft? !V -o.- T.7.- '.T-- -.j-- "-- '- -'- ' "-' "- - - -t' " - - '( - '.I A Few Bargains Left.day of sale until paid and payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner.The share of the infant defendant,Mary Sidener, shall mt be paid by thepurchaser, but shall remain a hen on"the property until she arrives ai. age,or until a guardian shall qualify andexecute bond as required by the CivilCode.RUSSELL MANN,Waster Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.TALBOTT & WHITLEY.Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY. Auctioneer.3 30 17 21Bloodine Itching- and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczema lies, DandrulT and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen. Gaffney. S. C. says: I havetied R1nnifn Otnftn.nt trr T-fTT- nrvl linA itI a most effective remeJv."W. T. Brooks, Agent.ir-rnjTiargoien s.Eunice Gifford 1)2, Bessie Sprowle i)2,Doyle Day 5)4, Helen Rippetoe 94,Virginia Huddleston 1)2, Bessie GifL'oid98, Aery Bishop 93. Dorothy Tingle 93,Itubert Burnett 92.tirade 4B Ida Mae Anderson 92.RoyBallard 92, Yancey Milton ChappellDU,.1. vV. Ilayrien 91. Edna Iluirinan, 92,Mattie King 93, Samuel Mastin 93.Mary A Hie Parrish 9,5. Dorothy Payn-terSJO, Stanley Richards 91, StanleyRule 92, Martha SettleSnapp 90, Eddie SpeakesTaylor 9,", Luv Trumbo 90.Grade 4A Preston Bales 92, FrankShort 92, Stephen Hutchcrafc 91,Crae Snapp 90, Hattie Meal 90. AurelChappeil 90.t Grade 38 Elizabeth Snapp 92, LutieCrjve 92, Cariie Lucas 90.f I - O XT IT 1.1.. m T . "j iette MrClir.tock 90, Luther Bishop 94, , .'jetiiuiijiiriujiuiuii 34, iiugt;nu ivuueris vo. districtGrade 6B Gladys Snapp 90, Helen 'Stiveis 90.Grade 5A Mabel Templin 90, Maude'i Taylor 97, Blanche Chapman 91, Sara,Pcwf r 93, Lhzi'beth Clark 91, EdithHarper 93, Elise Varden 93, John Clav94. Harold Hufnagel 94. Elizabeth Best93, Tuiney Clay HI, Clifton Arns-parger 94. Ina Mattox 94, FannieHeller : 4, 'I homes McClintock 92,Harold Ewalt 13, Edna bnapp 93.Corn Growers Elect Officers.The members of the Kentucky CornGrowers Association, woh were in Lexington to attend the State Corn Show,met at the College of Agriculture atState University Wednesday eveningand elected otlicers for the associationfor tl e ensuing year as follows:Preihdent, F. M. McKee, ofsoi 1 1 ? 1 .saHes'. vice president, Aa Duncan, cgo 1CI?, Vjlae,55hLMbyville: secretary. Prof. Georgs 9-, Madgo K0bertSf oC tne college of AgriculThe Climax reports theCourt as follows:"Monday ptoved a goud court day inthe Madison Coun Live Stock iar"ei. There were abjut eight hurt redcattle on the market and they toldffom a quarter to a ha!f dollar moreon the hundred than a month ago.J-Menty of buyers from all over thissection of the statp. Stock hogsbrought as high as 11. hut sheep soldlow, bringing from $3.00 to $3.50 perhead. The mule market brought outsciine tip top ones, and the owners ask- jed good prices. Many changed handsat top figures. Mule buyers here wereBen Bright 01 Boyle, Claude Williamsof Woodford, Senator look Hubble ofLincoln, Win. Burton of Lancaster.Horse buvcrs wire Joe Jotdan of Ji s-Ver-' samine, bftelby Jiarmson or lexington.f and Mr. Burton.The following goods we offer at yrhalf price, some less than actualcost to manufacture: t1-ture, Lexington: trpasruer. A. H. Gilbert, of the College of Agriculture,Lexington.District vice presidents G. N. McGrew, Bayou, First district: J. O.Duncan, Lebanon, Second district;. IL Clayton, Hebron, lhird district:Sandman, Onieda, Fourth disF. A. Hall. EOlive Hill. Fifth$15,000 Fire at Pittsbu rg, Ky. tThe town of Pittsburg was visitedby a disastious lire Wednesday after--noonthat threatened the entire town.The fire originated from a defective,flue in the nostoffice, and swept twosquares. Dynamite was used to check 1the progress of the flames. The totallos5 is estimated at SI 5. 000 with S2.500insurance..-t.r .t.-4, 'r ,-1-.jr.Brass Coal Hod,Brass Fire Set,handsome China Fish Sets,handsome China Game Set,3 very large Green Mat Jardeniers. Tford & CO.Paris, Ky.Now is the time to get one of those good footscrapers, scrapes and brushes at same time.ml'. .-!. .'-. .i. .!.'. -i. .'i-- -1. -I: .-y. .-I -t . -: .-i- .-i-. -1- .-I. -. .'i . .-i- .-i- . t- .-. .ir !r i t l 'j- 4" ,, f 'I 'I' 'j' 'I- 'j- 4" !" 'J' 4 j -j- 4 4 i' 4Lamb,Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.Keurnon jio,Pearl iirownMargoien,L Paris, Ky. II Grade G A John Tt Evelvn Fi ieudman 95.I t).'i Mpv;Bi,W)'Vi!il U HnffiP MnwhricU4, Geitrjde Lusk 94, Basil Hayden91,Owen Orr93,CaludieJ:Jallard 92, Harry Leeds 92, Francts Settle 92, MaryKearns 92, Mary Bratton 92, EcharlinaBall 91, Ethel Harper 91, Julia Fitzgerald 91, C. B. McShane 91. SallieCrowe 91. Norwood Stitt 90, EliazbethHall 90, Elizabeth Galbraith 90.Grade 7 Edith Mellinger 91, SarahThompson 94, Lona McCord 90, WillieMastin 95. Stuart Walling ford 9;:.Barnett Winters 93. Thornton Connell!13. Maurice Clark 92.' Grade 8 -Grace McCord l), LinaI Crowe 97. Robert Mitchell 95. Marigaret Douglas 92. Ellen Henry 92,Edward McShane 92, Charles Spears90.HIGH SCHOOL.1Fieshmen--Eli Freidman 9S, Edward Myall 97, Wayne Coctingham 94,Hazel Ingles 94, Joseph Letcher 94,Sello Wollstein 9J. Plazsl Duvall 93,iiuth Chambers 92, Edna Keller 92,Jake Saloshin 91, Gertrude Turpin 90,Melvina Sharon 90, Herman Santen 90.Sophomores Clarence Harney 97,Marmaduke Brown 97. Elsie Holler 97,Clara Chambers 90, G. C Thompson '9G, Maude Fitzgerald 90, Eail Dickerson 91.Seniors John Price 9G, Helen Desha'.:!, Winn Lisle. 94, Minerva liice 91,Freida Heller 90, Maragret Buchanan'90, Katherine Kassenfoss 9 , GeorgeRassenfoss 92.v$m: . ' i&vVTrt-v. J'rr--" -?l'v7!l.ac!EsES,:", n.S'K."JiliSii ' W" '' J&.z-')?' K&Sv a.fiffx . .. jf ..Ttvuajr v. K.f-Of -iM?Five Men Wanted.MS'Ladies Remove Your Headgear.There will be something in store fortl e ladies who attend the performanceat the Comet Theatre this afternoonand night, and who will remove theirhats. What it is the management iswithholding and would not divulge itt the News man who visited the pictuie theatre yesterday afternoon. Twogood pictures will be presented today,the great Selny drama, "The Foreman" and a real clever comic picture,'Shorty at the Seashore."NeededFurnishingForYour HomeLargest assortment to choose from, prices lower by far than elsewhere, easier terms of payment Thecombination that means the better furnished home. And that's what you want, isn't it? The better, the differenthome, a home as you want it. The way lies through this store and its splendid store service. Won't you let ustell you more about it at this store?Davenports Just Like Cut $24.50A beautiful line to pick from, inMahogany and Oak finish at agreat reduction.Odd Dressers of the Newest Designs..a.' -J,i.vji'Tt.fti-? 'V5 -17'"-v J " X V 7 .J:J--- LJtP$ mi m'si . r -"i',.,ii'.i i. .. '. .mrf'mlm w a-IThis Princess Dresser that is shown in this ad. iswith wooden knobs.a beautiful rich MahoganyEarn $65 to $125a Month.Five men wanted to be Chauffeurs.Repairers and Demonstrators. Personal insttuction, actual repairingand driving. Complete course oweeks day or 10 weeks evening.Write for Illustrated Folder."Automobiling With Pay."r M.C A. Automobile School,701 Walnut St.dec23-3t-3otCincinnati, O.Bourbon Man Elected President.The directors of the Kentucky Racing Association met in Lexington Wed-"ncsday for a business session. The 'resignation of Judge D. Gray Faulconer as president of the Associationwas preented and accepted and Mr.Cateshy Woodford, of Bourbon county,one of the most prominent horsemen inthe State, was elected by the directorsto succeed him.Mr. O. 11. Chenault was elected vicepresident: Mr. Garrett D. Wilson waselected sceretary: Mr. Younger Alexander was elected treasurer, and Mr.James P. Uoss was elected superin-,tendent. jThe spirit of the meeting indicatedvery plainly that a number of promi-nent horsemen believe that racing onI a nign plane can yet be maintained, and that the historic old Kentucky As-jsociation is cne of the places on which 'j the sport can be continued.:Just Like Cut $1 8.00Shrewd buyers should take advantage of these low prices.Weare firivinsr awav, FREE, aTalking Machine.Come in and let us explain to you howto get one.A. P. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.Main and Third Streets. CHA. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court House.9I L 1 5:N"CTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 6, 1911.fHlii BOURBON NEWS.yPERSONAL MENTION.First Bi rth Reported.GOODS OF QUALITYEVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSKead the Advertisement.you want a davenport be sure andji J. T. Hmioii's advertisement ana.ge riveTim t'.4 :r. k.m nri .nr.;,fnml, 7 ; t U -11.er haa returned from under the new law, which went intoa visit to Maysville. , effect January 1. 1911, was a littleMr Ed Barke is recovering from daughter that was born Sunday morn-a severe attack ot tonsolitis. ' 5nE at- 1 o'clock to Mr. and Mrs.. . n. . . Erastus Bowles, the latter being MissMrs L. Straus, of Cincinnati, is Nellie Bitchell.j me Kutst oi .Mrs. u. baioshin. The registrars Appointed Ly theS Miss Matilda Alexander is victim? ' State Board of Health for Paris andi hr sister, Mrs. U. J. Howar.l, in Gov- Bourbon county are:ington.! Miss Leona Thomas, of Grorge' ton. is the guest of Mr. and Mrs. LeeT. Bcail.Will Meet Friday Night.rue Beys Debating Club will meetthe PubLo Lrbrary Fiiday eveningo'clock. All members are urg'dt i.2 present.Eat rfilh Kid" Stout.J ni nil know I've moved, you also,. 1 "erve rothinit but the best to, i coint: in to see me.KID STOUT.County Court.z. tWe County Court WednesdayJge Rus?ell Mann presided at the,1 of trie quarterly court oeeket,jjge Ueins Dundon being in Texas. attorney in the settlement of thete of the late M. J. Connell.Sale Commences Saturday.Kt respectfully call the atiuition ofe public to our special advertisementi Page one of this issue of our clear-. .oe sale which starts tomorrow., end over the bargains and give us a. i if vim want, real bargainsPRICE & CO.Thish Broken.Ar. Hannah Lenihaij, while comingi ivn the st..iri- at the honre of herv --in-law. Mi. Mat tin Doyle, onjth Mam street. Saturday, felJ and. i-KP her right thign. Mrs. Lenihan,v is at an advanced age. is rentingi.rly wtll conisuering the seriousure of lier injuries.Special 6 O'clock Dinner.jii our new restaurant we will make. -pfcialty of our 0 ojelock dinner on.nday evenings, everything in sear served. The lades' patronage esjmllv invited.KIP STOUT.Fobs for Ball Players Arrive.Vatch fob tiophies for the members'he Paris Base Hall Club, the win-rs ot the 1910 Blue Crass League, -nnant, which were furnished by theeach Company, have arrived and arei i display in the window of Shire &1 thian. The fobs are of black silkfh bronzed medal the center ofv. inch is enameled to represent a base1 all. The medal contaiusthe follwoingv-cription: "Championship Medal,'.-ach Trophy. 1SHL"Removal Notice.I wish to inform my friends andj atrons that I have moved mv restaurant to Ed Slattrey's plac. I r extendcordial invitation to the public toi ve me a call. Everything good toit at ail hours.E. II. BRANNON.Wollstein haveto relatives intohisMr. and Mrs. L.returned from a visitHarrodsburg.Mr Rirhard Clark returnedCincinnati Tuesday to continue. studies in denistry.t Mrs. A. T. Crawford, ofville. was the guest Wednesdayjanu Mrs. .1. H. Ewalt.! --Mrs. R. H. Wilson and daughter.' Miss Sfphia Wilson, of Redhou.se, areI tne guests of Mrs. Chester Amx.I Judge R. L. Stout, who has been, quite ill or several weeks with an at.' tack of typhoid fever is improving, g1 Dr. Clara B. Matthews, who hasbeen spending the holidays with rtlai tives in Lafaye'te, Ind., has returnedhome.Faris Miss Marsraret Terry, officeon Broadway, at the office of JudgeHarmon Stitt, and her sister, MissBeatiicc Terry, stenographer at theundertaking establishment of J. T.Hinton, her deputy.Millersburg-JudgeT. P. Waddell,Deputy, W. D. Wadell.Noith Middletown J. W. Jones,Deputy, Owen Gibson.i rvuauies .mius ana jnawnan j. n.i Turner.Louis-'l Centerville W. A. Welch; Deputy,of Mr. 'John Sprake.Hutchison I. W. Lynch; Deputy,James W. Jacoby. ZZClintonvilleGeorge W. Dawson ;Dpeuty, Miss Maud Parrish.Little Rock and Plum L. A. Soper;Deputy, Thomas Pa ton.Notice to Stockholders.IThere will be a meeting of the utockholders ot the First National Bank otParis on Tuesday. January 10. 1911, inthe ollice of said bank, between thehours of 9 a. m. and o p. m. for thepurpose of electing oflicers for theensuing year.C. M. THOMAS. President.W. Ed. Tucker.; J 4f Jf ?f f$f tff f h -a.T.? v l7- T.x&ReductionsT7Watch this space f orannounceme n t ofW. Ed. Tucker's BigJanuary Clearanceand Muslin Underwear Sale ....To Run Maysvilie Paper.Mis Alice Lloyd is soon to talcharge of the Maysville Independand run that paper in the interestf.hn !!irli' T(mifi siinlnf t MiocMrs Lucy Simms and daughter. , Lloyd nan comL, int0 the nmelight in ,Miss Lucy Simms, lati this week for i recfcnt years veiy forceably by Lakhlg ,California, where they will si,end the the stump in tne interest ot the poo'-1winter. ! ing of t.macco and her spetches have I.rjnofMaysvilie Ledgei : "Mr. and Mrs.D W. Ross left Saturday for a visitI with friends and lealtives in Carlisleand Paris."s Mr. and Mis. W. 11. liairis haveleturned homtafter a tiip of severalweeks to Florida, Cuba and otherSouthern pjinls.i Miss Elizabeth Howse. of Carlisle,i who has been the gutst of her daugh-tpr. Mrs. Rudrlph Dav:s, in this ity,has returned home.gained for her a wide notoriety. Herhome is at Germantown, in Masoncounty.Paris Banks Elect Officers.bdfenMis?hisMr. W. A. Rubsen, who hasthe nuest for sevcial days of1 Marairret Ewalt. has returned to1 home in Springfielld. O.. Hon. E. M. Dickson returned Wednesday from Little Rock. Ark., where' he spent the Chrstmas holidays withhis daughter. Mrs. Durand Whipple.iMr. J. V. ilayden. vho has been'confined to his bed for the uast three, weeks with a broken limb, is irnprov-' ing rapidly and is expect-jd to be outwithin a week.Miss Celeste LucasI board with Miss Anna May, ing the absence of Mrs.and daughter, who arei winter in Calilornia.Mr. E. B. Hayden, who has beenspending the holidays with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hayden, in tinscity, returned to Columbus. Onio,Wednesday to resume his study inEoiestryin the Ohio State Unhiversity.j Four of the six banks of Paris Monj day had a meeting of stockholders forj the purptso of electing directors of, the institutions for the ensuing year., At the Agricultural Bank, the oldI ooani was re-elected, Win. Hall, the Imember, being honored with the posi-!tinn held by rus father, the late Fran-jcis Hall. The members of the board ;are J. T. Hinton, .1. Will Bedford. W.H. Rsnick, J. D. McCiintock. W. II. ,Anderson, IN. Kriener, J. W. Davis,and Wm. Hall. " 'the Citizens' Bonk elected JamesDaugherty to succeed his father, thelate Charles A. Daugherty. Tie boardI is composed as follows: J. T. Hinton,I Charles Stephens, George W. Wyatt,Bruce Miller and James Daugherty.I The stockholders of the Deposit Bank jI innr0!)Ltirl ftik ininluir if rlirnnffipj 'live to eight, and elected as members 'of the board K. J. Neely.Jos. M. Hall, 1E. M. Dirdvsnn. S. .. Aruniv Mil iLiUcy bimillS (:,U.PV i..hnl:i ilfriom.r UnUt Ma.1spending the, teer a. (i i :, Ofo.v-i'rL. Thi. -.xt ', four named ar the new members ofthe board.The Bourbon Bank re-deetod the oldboard, which consists of J. i. Hinton,J.W.Davis, Buckner Wooafi rd. W.II. McMillan and B. A. Frank.!iii 4'f7iiaas.W. Ed. Tucker.has takenDavis dui-T7These Prices are forThis Month only.$ 3.00 Bags, $ 2.25Bags,Bags,4.005.00S.5011.0011.5012.5013.50Bags,Bags,Bags,Bags,Bags,RELIGIOUS.Police Court Records Stolcn.I'he ollice of O. H. Swango. Police;dge of Jackson, was entered Sundayr,.ght and all the records of the olfice..eluding the order book, bond nndxecotion book, wr-re taken. Thetheft was only discovered Mondayv.hen the Judge entered his ollice forthe first time ince Saturday. No cluehas yet been secured as to the perpet-ators. It is generally believed thatlertain bonds which were shortly tonave been forfeited were the cause ofhe theft.Dressed Chickens.I will have 'on hand today and Tomorrow the nicest let of dressed chickn ever brought to town. Phone yourrder iarly if you want to uet one.T. LENIHAN.Rtumeel Grocery.Eat With "Kid" Stout.I am better tlan ever rreuared toi"rve gouu things to eat in my newplace. Come to j-ee me.KID STOUT.Case Transferred to Bourbon.A urominent damage Miit pending intne Clark Cornty Circuit Court wisr Wednesday tr.ms-ferred to the Bourl( n Circuit Court b Jmbze Benton.In suit is f5r J?o0,i0) damagesi rought by .Mri-. Laura Haggard.gainst Charles Forknr for the kill"ig of her husband. Tandy Haggard.Forkner was indicted in the Clark Cir-c-irCourt for murder, aot a change ofv-nue to Madison county and was acuitted. Everything Good.We serve everything that is7good toeat. Open early and late.KID STOUT.Bourbon Fiscal Court Meeting.'At the meeting of the Bourbon Fi-:; car Court yesterday in regular session'Jutsice L. J. Fretwell presided in tne '' absence of Judge Denis Dudndon. who)is in Texas on tiuisness. " Squires!' K. P. Thomasou. J. J. Redmon. W. II.Squires, O. B. Lloyd, B. F. Stipp and '(ieo. K. Redmon were present.. Shenp claims amounting in the agre-ggate to the sum i $J51.oO were al-'lowed and ordered repcrte(i to the, Auditor of Public claims for payment.The wre as follows: 'John Woodford. $72,110: L. B. Murphy. SB'S: Catesby Woodford, 110: B. 'F.-Hopkins, Sl.': Lee Craven. $j.5U;'James Liter .24 : W. D. Mclntvre, i,$7.00: J. Miller Ward. $5175; R." B.'Turner. $IS; John Woodford. ?51.The report of Turnpike Supervisor ,Claude F. Redmon was read acceptedby the court and ordered filed. CountyTreasurer Silas Bedford was orderedto borrow from the Garth Fund the ,I sum of $0,000 at six per cent interest '1 and payable Dectmber lo, 3511 1. An4 order was also entered for the payj raent of interest on a wan ant executed to Geo. B. Alexander and now held !by the Garth Fund, from December 20,1910, until paid.Warrants were ordered drawn for' $10 in favor of the Bourbon Bank topay overcheck and also interest in thesum of $710 payable to the Treasurerof the Garth Fund for interest to Jan-. uary 2, BUI.The sum of .Si, 000 was appropriated' for the t:se of the Turnpike Supervisorfor repairs during trie month of Janu-' ary. The court also ordered the pur-5 chtise of an Eiliott-Fishei book typewriter for use in the office of theCounty Clerk.Services at the Clintonville Christian chuich Sunday, .January S, at 11o'cl-ck a. m.. and 7 o'clock p. m., byRev. A. Sanders. Morning sulject,"Silver-Lined Storm Clojds;" eveningsubject, "Hindering God." Bibleschool at 10 a.m., Newton Shropshire,Superintendent. Song ami prayer service o :o0 p. m.r No uoods chareedthese prices.'. . r.T, "rt?.-:.;;erftV6?':.V IJ l.f I .fin -.A!'" 5 i i 1 fi i i if fc $ jJ v --' - """a.SL li 3)i 7 Inm i.9r r -a. c ww oihb -icmr3.75 " SI6 so a I Peaches xtra Fa,,c8'50 ' I Olivess 7 a S3950 4 Vinegar iUw':r W .. -,' Ql Germanat gj!t 1 Salmon-& R. v HI' A M .arjrr- -t f' 35 -'f I PotatoesrrftMi marwriTW aCash Specials ForFriday & SaturdayTablo Peaches,0o grade.regular25cLaro Fancy Queens,Mason Jars,in30cPure Apple Cidertwo bottles,megar,25cExtra Spiced Sweet Pickle.-,per dozenExtra Fancy Red, regular2'c grade,15cDouble Tip Safety Matches, regularoc box, :i for107 bars of Lenoxfor25cFancy Northern Stock,per peck20cMMMMMK Mk i4HJMVMpMWHHPM& JM 4tL.t IInsurPromptcompanies.with W. 0. Hinton.paying non - uniontfMATRIMONIAL.Squire 'lhomason was appointed as a the ItoniB.Telbphonc Co. as an (mimittee to rent the property of the ' t?,r- lhe C0Ui)!e w,u rxiSuU lnl EMer Carey E Morgan will ba inhis pupiic at the Christian church Sun, day morning and evening at the usual. hours.: County Clerk Paton Wednesday iissued marriage licenses to JMary Hill j- and Anna Lewis and Frank Egnew and 'Gertie Grcglugan. IA marriage license was .'issuedWednesday to Mr. Garrard Bell and,Miss Lillian Sanders, both of Nicholascounty. They were united in marri-j age by Squire L. J. Fret we 1.J Mr. J. B. Snapp and Miss Nancy,' Gibbons, were united in marriage yes-'1 terday afternoon ht five o'clock at ;theresidence of the bride's mother, Mrs., Lina Ccx, on East Main street, the-Rev. O. B. Crockett, of the Mttnoditcnurcu oiucianng. me gloom is a,young barber in the employ of thefirm of Uverby & Curtis and the brideuntil a few days ao was emnloved bvopera-thiscityJust-to Give You Anidea of the GreatValuesWe are offering at present throughout our wholeestablishment, litterally crowded with high-classFurniture, Carpets, Rugs, Wall Papers, and WoodMantels. Look at this Davenport for $28.85,Cash, reduced from $40,fHf.feWfADEATHS.our re-vt Fri-Current.charireilA Correction.A misstatement occurrnl inport in the issue of the Newsday of the trial of George. lornd. in tli imnti . tfwith Hie theft of a nii:i:iiv of -mntrwire from the Bouibon Female Cid-!-ge.In the report the News statedthe negro charged with the theft haddisposed of the wire to Max Munich, aunk dealer, and that it was found concealed in a barrel when his premiseswre searched by the officer. In this,h'nvever, the News was misinformed,"lhe wire referred to as being concealel. it has later developed, was not theurnr as disposed of by the nrgro toMunich, but was purchased if Mrs. W.'. Massie several days before. Thesef ieta were brought out at the trial, inv-iii:h Munich assisted in the prosecu-jn of the negro, and bill of sale fromJ . Massie was produced in court.-e statement made by the News in'. iue of Tuesday as to Munich delving the purchase of the wire wasr on 'nus and we take this occasion to'ikea correction.cocounty in Millersburg and Squire Redmon and Thomason to look into thematter of the need of the county topurchase a rock-crusher and report tothe court at the next meeting. After,allowing claims to the amount of! Cfrti.r i irn-ino i:;fa,i o,.,f,31 hi i J7 mrrt iil'niir!iFri . otephcn J... JMkinss. united Statesl,.M..-l i court adjourned. ' Senator from West Virginia, and forr,. ,n j."., 0" ; yeais a prominent figure in the poliii-first dame Ol the beason. Cal world, died at Washington Wedr.es-The basket ball season will open 'foriday m'sht.Paris High SchooPFririayjnight at 7::J0 The bodv of Mrs. Sallie M. Wig-'when the Mason 'County High School' ginton, who died last Sunday at herteam will try to even ;things up with home in Miami. Fla., has been'Paris team for last year. brought to Kmtucky. Her buiial wasThe local team has been at hard ' held in Winchester yesterday. Ipractice for several weeks and is in Mrs. Wigginton was well known togood shape, lhe team has changed a number of people in this citv, and shesince last yeai and there vvll be sever-- was prominently connected with Fayal new faces in the line-up Friday . ette. Bom-hon iui Clark famMii.QShe is survived by her son Junius'Wigigntcn, who lives in Miami. '4&a'V33mmsBmsmsEsmmgmsmmmmmwMmiMmmmiSBBjwm&MSlm&mmt i j Jarrfj rr CF T : Irj nifirLTL .na rrij tzTjmmm MzipjWWf?pa;Full Size.The frontnixrht.Miss Rice, who played center last, year, is -not in schocl (yet but will' enter about the first ot March. MissTaul who starred as forward lastj year is not playiny hall this season nor, is Mis McGinley who played guard.1 the old players who are hack and plav-': At:.,,. 1 ....,. ...... .- f i . i'the Jleller sisters, two of the best ::, "j Sn"e r'. ,(:ll(,1 Pj', uan, v.uiiai un WMILt' UllCIn Oak or Mahogeny Finish. Upholstred in Boston Leather.Opens Automatically. Roomy box for bed clothes or skirts.posts are four inches wide and have massive claw feet. There are onlytwo or three of this pattern, so if you want one DONT WAIT. If youwish it charged it will be at the regular price of $40. A big line of Davenports and everything else similarly reduced.LOST.; in Central Kentucky,nucleus insures a fastguardi Tlis nucleus insures a fast reliableteam. Among the new candidates the. most promising are Miss IveHer. whois trying tor center and Misses Collinsand Denton who are playing forward.A good lively game is promised.' Music before the name "and at inter; missions will be furnished by the High' School Band. Wallis, instructor in the1 Tumna5i;iiim fit Paris Flirrh Sf.hnnl fhicyear. The public is cordially invitedto cni'-y the opening game. Admiss:on 25 ents. Gates open at 7 o'clock.Came commences at 7:30.I White setter bitch with tan ears also 'ack, shorttch markedRoxie Davis. Paris. Ky." Suitable'! reward.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones. W. 0. Hinton, residence 56: J. T. Hinton, residence 22: J. V. Dcinpsy, Home 'Phone 286.ROXIE DAVIS.BAM STOCK FOR SALET ,..:il r.ll ! . .. i: . .,i ni acru .! i u:mic aucuon at tnecourt house o j.,r in th city of Paris,Saturday, Janu- v 11, pJH, at 11o'clock a. m., IP si ires of Agricultural Bank SIock.G 3t M. F. KENNED, Auctioneer.IJ. T. HINTON,Paris, Kentucky.--; --1ior5ciwvC99HNB09fl,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 6, 1911.l - -v .WMCm Tiln m .Mfyfcifcfc." Westminster ChimesJ!iSiiftl s.if:tTV.' TUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede 'Hall Clock as a limepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of furniture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alike toutility, refinement, and musical table. Theperfect movement insures corrcc'.ness of time;the solid oak or mahogany case, with classiclines, conforms to good taste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals of Whillington crWestminster, serve as a pleasing reminder ofthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, all showingthe moon's phases in the dial arch. We aresales agents for The Herschede 1 tall ClockCo. of this city, and will send illjclrlcd cat-JfC alog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can put chase giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Plate,Gold and Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clocks, Etc.,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence solicited.Silversmiths . Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Street, East,'!" """ Cincinnati, Ohio14sMPij& 1 1 J fjMi Li$75 to $750&MIRRORSRE-SILVEREDBYC. Q. SCHWARZ.jDow Bl'dg, Opp.Windsor Hotel;Upholstering, jiRepairing,Refinishing,4I have just received a newIsne of samples for upholstering covers.Hodip 'Phone 255.. rast Tenn. 392.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescript o n s .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.DruggisrrMany Varieties of Stamps.There are :tt the present time over21,000 varieties cf postage suunps Idthe world.tWMWMWMMWffl1 Attention, Ladies !Special Low Prices this Week :-In Ladies', Misses' and Children'sSuits, Dry Goods.Skirts, - Dress Goods.CloalA, Silks,Waists, Blankets,Shoes, Comforts,Millinery. tc.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!Don't Forget theCash-Raising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin Bros.Clothing and Shoe Department.: Harry Simon's Old Stand.Eloping Under DifficultySo you see George, dearest, thereis simply nothing for us to do. Father won't give his consent, and we'lltoave to give up, I suppose.""Give up! Good heavens, girlie, whatsort of stuff do you think 1 am madeof? Here 1 have been loving youever since you were born, and youthink just because the old idiot of afather of yours caid No with a capital N, thai I am going to calmly takemy hat and bid you a tearful farewell? Not on our life.""Oh, you silly old darling! Ofcourse you won't.""Ey Jove, Elaise, I nave it! Wewill elope," said George wildly.' VGeorge went to New York on anearlier train getting off at a few stations ahead and waiting for the oneEl-aise had taken. Arriving in NewYork at 4:30, they took a taxicab,liral visiting the City Hall for theirlicense, and soon after were registered at the Plaza Hotel. The timefor their maniage was fixed for thatevening, as they were to board thesteamer that night, the sailing hourbeing some time before duwn.Entering the door of the hotel theymet a number of people, one of whomrushed up and said:"Hello old man! Well, of all iheluck! Where in the deuce did youdrop Lorn?""Well, Buck, old .chap, how areyou? Haven't seen you for fouryeais."Finally to their great relief, Mr.Bucknam saw a friend and excusedhimself for a moment.They retired to thoir suite and Elaise said:"1 tail k that would be sot of fun. iits M:::o and we haven t even telephoned the rectory. Do it now, dear.''George promptly called up only to.be told the minster bail been calledaway to see a sick person and thetime of his return was most uncertain. "Home! Now? Why, dear, do yourealize we have been seen here together? Never ! We will go to Europeas brother and sister. Come, darling,you won't be a quitter now. Youknow I love ou and""Yes. yes. I know. Well, come, let'sgo then. I'm so nervous."An hour later they were in a taxicab with the unlosable Mr. IJucknambound tor the steamer. Going aboardat once, they went to their looms.George gmng Elaise a hurried kissat the door and joining the waitingBuclc for a smoke and a stroll.Elaise, left in her room alone,threw herself down on the bod andhad a good womanly cry and prompt,ly fell asleep, clothe? and all on.About :; in the morning she awakened and was horrified to find thatshe had slept hours. She sprang upand ;egan to inspect the room. Therewere her two bans and here was hertrunk. Her trunk heavens! whythat was not her trunk. It was marked "O It." She sent for George."Whai is it, darling? Are you ill?'"No, no. George, but look at thistrunk. It iMi't mine. We brought iton the cab and mine must be at thePlaza."No trace f it could be found andno Kitihlnction gotten oer t.e telephone at the Plaza. He reaclu 1 thehotel and found the. trunk departedb.ibed. coaxed and threatened thechauffeur to break all records ingetting back to the steamer. Hebroke them ami was arrested forspeeding. He was wild with excitement. He must make that steamer.Reaching there, his worst fears wererfalied. The steamer was just turning out into the "stream. Completely dismayed mid dazed, he began inquiries as to how to catch it. A ina trance he bewail the trip in a tug,the steamer being caught at quarantine, and then was wound up in a pairof arms, and a weeping voice whispered:"Oh, darling. I have been nearlyout of my mind. It was simidyagony."Tie happiness of the following fewhours was bhori-lived. George became fuiiously jealous, and with dueseason, Huchman was Elaine's shadow and Georic was becoming madder and madder. Elaise was thoroughly enjoying Mr. Buekn an andteased George unmercifully for hissulking and jealousx, but he wouldnot be appealed and was in constantstate of ante-nupital wretchedness.On the third day out a brilliant ideaoccurred to him. He was delighted.He would fix old Buckmau. Mnkelove to Elaise. would ..e? Well, he'd.-how him. A visit to the captainwas made ami a long discussion followed. At dinner he said:"Dearest, put on that white gownof youts tonight, will you, for me?""Rather dressy, isn't it?"Alter dinner George took Elaise fora stroll and carelessly suggested theygo to the captain's room on the upperdeck. When they reached the floor,he said:"Sweetheart, T am going to give youa horrlbie s-hock. B:ace up. Do youknow what's on the other side f thatdooi? Well, it's the chapIin of thisship. He's going to marry us rightin inthere, do you hear?""Marry us?""I've fixed it all up with the captain." "Good heavens, George, you are insane!" "Yes, I am. that's the word insane with jealously. I tell you I amgoing to marry you tonight. Thenthat blooming idiot can make eyes atyou from morning to night and Ishan't care. Come."And she went.It seems to uso that every day wohear of a Jiewnmkeo automobile.Finding a four-leaf clover means finding good luck.Using a Cloverleaf manure spreader insures perfect fertilization for your soil. Perfect fertilization means bumper crops.You want them, and we want you to have them. You can havethem if you will come to us and get a Cloverleaf manurespreader. It is the best spreader on the market, and if youcall we will explain wherein it excels. If you are not justexactly sure what machine you want to buy, call anyway andwe will explain why the use of a manure spreader will increaseyour profits, and why a Cloverleaf manure spreader will saveyou money. We are saving a catalogue for you.Won't you call and get it today?BourbonGarage end Supply Company. IFor .Memorial to .John Iinnyan.Negotiations for the erection of a jmemorial to John Bunyan in West- ;minster Abbey, supported by peers, jbishops, statesmen and literary persons, have issued in a 'proposal bythe dean and chapter that the tribute ,shall take the form of a window tobe placed in the north aisle of the .Abbey. The archbishop of Canter- 'bury promises to preside over thecommittee. jAn Ironical Disposition. ."Women love to cry at tne the- jater," said the observant person. ,"Yes." answered Mr. Groucber, "I Jwish somebody would write a play .about a man who had to mind the Ichildren and get his own dinner be-'cause his wife was at a matinee. I .wonder if my wife would sited tearsof sympathy when she stw it?" ,A Convenient Disinfectant.A handy disinfectant for household use is made f chlorae of lime ',moistened with vinegar and water inequal parts. It may be kept in the ;j cellar all the time, and in case of 'sickness a few drops scattered aboutwill purify the air in the room.The FamousIs the Lamp of Real Beautybecause it gives the best light of alllamps. The Rayo gives a white, soft,mellow, diffused light easy on theeye because it cannot flicker. Youcan use your eyes as long as you wishunder the Rayo light without strain.The Rayo Lamp is low-priced, andeven though you pay $5, $10 or $20 forother lamps, you may get more expensivedecorations but you cannot get a betterlight than the low-priced Rayo gives. Astrong, durable shade-holder holds theshade on firm and true. This season'snew burner adds strength and appearance.Once a Rayo User, Always OnDealers Everywhere. If not at yours, write for descriptivecircular to the nearest agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)jK&y&MEitzxLr-'jJtK,-Xcw York's Costly 1There is a difference between thefire departments of London and ofNew York city. The London department costs ten cents a year for eachinhabitant, while the department ofNew York costs $1.73 for each NewYorker.ir. pawnu-nt. , WWVWWyWWWWsrtiWlWtVlV"De question befo' dis debatiu' so-ciety," said Mr. Erastus Pinkley, "iswhether de fust egg comes fiuit a jchicken, or whether de fits' chicken jcomes fum de egg ' '"I moves er amendment." inter- ,mpted Mr. Wilkins Marigold, carelessly putting his thumb in the cor- Jner of his razor pocket. "What we ;is gwine to 'scuss fob a few minutes jis how dat las' chicken you all had jfob dinner come fum de coop." I"You Hamericans say we 'ave jno 'unior," said the loyal LJritisher, !"but I'll 'ave you understand, sir, jthat Htnglish jokes are not to belaughed at!"Muggins "My ife is the mostcaretui nouseKeeper in the world. jmBuggins "Huh! How aboutmine? She kicked the other day because 1 got some ink stains on thepen-wiper."O. K, TURNER(Successor to C. M. Turner & Co.)DEALER INGOOD COAL.Now is tho time, during the early season, to till yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this whiter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Ynur orders respectfully solicited.C. R, TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.;East Tenn. Phone 58."Spinks said you were a hopelessidiot!""Bur I took up for you.""Thanks old fellow.""I told him I thought you werevery optimism."mmmfmmmmmffmmmmmmmm"Here is a .brochure by a chap whoclni'" to m. luindfcr in a newworld of thought."i nuit s.i.. , w the facts in thecase were known, he has merely losthis way in the old world of thought."Deems You are a bigger foolthan I thought you were.leems You have taken on someflesh yourself since I saw you last.Faith Helps.Faith In other people helps. Anygood man or woman you believe in la asoul tonic. Pessimism and cynicismare poison miasms of a diseased personality. By them we are self-Inoculatedwith deadening gernns stupefying microbes.Miss Prim want a husband whowill be easily pleased."Miss CJrouch "That's the kindyou'll get."Not a Man's Exouse.There may be several good reasons why a man doesn't want to beIntentional Blinding.Intentional blinding to escape 'conscription for the army is still mot jIn Egypt. The means employed are jeither the placing of a hot needle onI me cornea, producing a dense whiteleucoma. or a puncture often involving the lens, or by the introductionof lime or an irritant vegetable JuiceIn the eyes.Coal In Georgia.All the coal mined In Georgia Ishigh-grade bituminous and makes agood steam fuel. As bunker coal Ithas no superior in the South Atlanticstates. It also makes excellent coke,and about 20 per cent, of the outputis made Into coke which is sold to thefurnaces at Chattanooga and otherpoints In Tennessee and Georgia,Invaccinated, but because thev re afraid 7, : V v'"l"l-"a win rethat the scar will show when they're fthe . aceful " wbeat a party Isn't one of them.Points of View Differ.In Finland the women -consider akiss on the lips as the greatest insulteven from their own husbands.The "Country Churchyard."Those who recall Gray's "Klegya country Churchyard" will rememberere "therude forefathers of the hamlet sleep"is luentuied with St. Giles. StokoPoges, Buckinghamshire. Tn the prosaic pages of a recent issue of theGazette there appears an order incouncil providing that ordinary interments are henceforth forbidden in thechurchyard.Cure for Scratches.Scratches are caused by exposure tocold and wet. local irritation or lowcondition, all of which should boavoided if possible. In simple casesapply cloths wet with a weak solutionof sugar of lead and In winter coverto keep out cold. When cracks haveappeared, apply a similar lotion withthe addition of a few drops of carbolicacid. In case of discharge or pustules, make a lotion of chloride of zincinstead of the lead: finely powderedcharcoal may be sprinkled over thecloths.Woman's True Age.A woman is as old as she looks bofore breakfast. Atchison Globe.x,M$ .:;-j , ''-'J--'' s- 'r - , t-THE BOURBON NEWS, PAlMS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 6,1911,-- MBBMHMMMbmBmwmmimmmammamwmmamwm9ttJCaufman. Straus 6c Qo.GREATJANUARYCLEARA1NCEE SALEThe Semi-Annual Event atKaufman, Straus & Company's322-324 West Main StreetThis Sale Begins on Tuesday,jrJanuary 3. 1912, at 8 O'clockin the Morning.No Goods Sent On ApprovalNo Goods Reserved or Laid Away Unless Bought.I.Kaufman, Straus & Co.,LEXINGTON. KY.. Central Kentucky's Graatest Department StoIOHWMMI51Physicians Advise-nv use of a goodlaxativo, to keep the bowels open and prevent the poisons of undigestedWi from gettinginto your system.The latest product of science is VELVO Laxative Liver Syrup, purely vegetable, gentle,icJ.able and of a pleasant, aromatic taste. Vclvo acts on the hver, as well as on themach and bowels, and is of the greatest possible efficacy in constipation, indigestion,bifaousness, sick headache, feverishness, colic.flatulencc, etc. Try - VF 1Kill More Than Wild Beasts.VELVOLAXATIVELIVER SYRUPThe number of peodle killed vearlvby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, evenfood. Rut grand protection is afforded by Electric Bitters, which destroyand expel these deadly disease germsfrom the system. That's why chills,fever and ague, all malarial andmany blood diseases jield promptlyto this wonderful blood nurifier. Trv1 them, and enjoy the glorious healthana new strength they'll give you.Money back if not satisfied. Only 5(k1 at Obrdm-fer's.SALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our ReguIarStock ofJIiigh-Class3V O 3XT TJ 3V4C ES 3XT T JS"We are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in every particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and ranite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.! Straight From the Heart., "Lo'd. Miss Ma'y." said tho old( darky to the young lady of the housp,the morning after her coniin?-nnt-. hnll"you sho did look sweet las night.My! I hardly knoweel you. beywasn a thing about you dat lookednatchel."LWm. Jldams & SonEnds Winter's Troubles.1 To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingersI chapped hands and lips, chilblains,1 red and rough skins, prove this. But; such troubles fly before Bucklen'si Arnica Salve. A trial convinces.I Greatest healer of burns, boils, piles,1 cuts, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains.J Onlv 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIMMMBIIBoth PhonesjGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBAUER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.No Lazy Children.It la now asserted that there Is nosuch thing as a lazy child. There isalways some other explanation of thebackward child, generally sickness orhunger.The Secret of YouthDo you ever wonder how you can remain young, orwhy other women older than you, look younger than you do?The secret can be put in a few words: "Preserveyour health, and you will preserve your youth."By "health" we mean not alone physical health, butnerve health, as, sometimes, magnificently strong-lookingwomen are nervous wrecks.But whether you are weak physically or nervously,you need a tonic, and the best tonic for you is Cardui.It builds strength for the physical and nervous systems.It helps put flesh on your bones and vitality into your nerves.CARDUIParson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. IT. Stubenvoll, Allison,Ta., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity,In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again."Only 25 cmts at Oberdorfer's.Selling Horse Flesh.Dealers selling horse flesh in Parisare required to indicate the nature oftheir business by placing a horse'shead in a conspicuous position, so thatIt can readily he seen by purchasers.Annually $29,700,000 pounds of horseand mule meat are sold, representinga slaughter of 61.000 animals.Where Is He?What has become of the old-fash-lonodboy who referred tn his knifeas a "frog sticker?" And what, bv(the way, has become of the old-fashioned Barlow knife?J46The Woman's Tonic"My mother," writes Mrs. Z. L. Adcock, of Smithville, Tenn., "is 44 years old and is passing through thechange of life.She was irregular and bloated and suffered terribly.My father stepped over to the store and got her a bottleof Cardui, which she took according to directions and nowshe is up, able to do her housework and says she feelslike a new woman." Try Cardui in your own case.nrwfe . t .j:..i j.j rt fcnw:i Medicine Co.. Chattanoon. Tens.."" L-U1C3 AUV19UTJ ASCn.. "' --- --vxSMdallrulnctkmt. udCtjuce book. "Hoe Treason wc wooes. ieiitiree.Some Knock.Many a man who almost has a fitwhen his wife pays $5 for a bonnet,will think nothing of spending asmuch for a box of cigars with whichto pollute the atmosphere.Knew What It Was.A Wyoming cowboy called to seeOwen Wister in Philadelphia, and waspermitted to Inspect the author's cityoutfit As he casually examined anopera hat It sprang open. " A selfcocking hat!" said the cowboy, admiringly. Everybody's.Christening the Baby.A country clergyman relates thfollowing incident as being absolutely founded on fact:Having arrived (says he) at thatpoint in the baptismal serv ce wherethe infant's name is conferred, Isaid.:"Name the child.""Original Story," said the sponsor-nurse."What do you say?" I asked insurprise."Original Story," she repeated inclear, deliberate tones."It's a very odd name, isn't it?Are you sure that you want himcalled by the name of OriginalStory?" I queried."Original Story that's right,"she declared."Is it a family name?" I persisted. "Named after his uncle, sir," explained the woman in charge, getting red in the face.And so as Original Story Ichristened that unoffending littlefellow. It was some weeks after thisevent that I made the acquaintanceof the said uncle a farm laborer inanother village whose name wasReginald Story.My child had been taught to hecareful about spilling water on thefloor. One day she was taken to seethe Mississippi river, which flowed byiae city where she lived. Uponreaching the bank of the river whereit could be seen in ah its wide expanse, she exclaimed:"Oh, who spilled all that water?""I suppose you're one of tho-e-diots that touch wet paint to see ifit"s dry?""No, I'm not. I touch it to see ifit's wet. '"What would you do if you hada lot of money: '"I s'pose I'd begin to worry abouthow I'd get aloni; if hadn't.'-"The .Taggsons are the most enthusiastic suburbanites I ever cameacross. They are always experimenting, but are not very prac.ical. Arethey doing anything with their placethis summer?""Yes. I believe they are trying toraise everything on it but the mortgage."tJOY OF LONELINESS.Hunter Whit I like is to set away offin the pathless woods, where I am surethrre I-s no other human belnj?.Gunter You enjoy the vast solitudesof natuie?Hunter No. Ilut T like to fel certainthat I am not ROins: o be mistaken for adeer by some amate r marksman.Banks The women of my townhave formed a secret society.Riers A secret society? Surely,that's a misnomer; women don't knowhow to keep secrets.Banks But they know how to tellthem, and that's why they formed thesociety."The ancient Romans had a catapult that could hurl rock more thana mile.""Now I understand It.""What?""My landlord told me this housewas a stone's throw from the depot.He must have had it on his handssince the time of the Caesars."Abou Ben Adhem had discoveredthat his name led all the rest. "Well,"he said, ""alphabetically, that's whereit belongs." Dropping a tear ofsympathy for poor Xenophon, whosename was near the foot of the list,he kept right on loving his fellowmen.Visitor (looking at field coveredwith molehills) What are all thosemounds.Shropshire native Oompty toomps.Visitor But what are umpty tumpsNative Toomps what t' oomptymakes.Visitor But what is the umpty?Native What makes the toomps,you fool! Punch."Yes, my class is pretty well informed about the approachingcomet," said the first teacher."Gracious," exclaimed the secondteacher in surprise, "how in theworld did 3011 ever get the childreninterested in it?""Why, I told them there was achance of its coming and burningthe school house down.""John John," whispered Mrs.Gidgeley. nudsrinir her huahrmrl"What is it?" he sleepily asked."There's a burglar in the house.""What do you want me to doget up and run the risk of beingkilled?""No; but if you find in the morning that somebody has gone through -your.Dockets, don't blame me."How's This.We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by HalPs CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownP. J. Cheney for the last 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made bv his firm.WALDING. KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Testimonials sent free. Price75 cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists. Take nail's Family Pills for constipation.Worth Remembering.One thing I have learnt, and I thinkIt is worth remembering, that a heartheaven may be reached and touchedeverywhere, that one can help or hinder-happiness by a tiny word. AmyLe Feuvre.i Russian Footwear.All Russians have a weakness forhandsome footwear and the result Isthat there are more pairs of showyboots worn in the czar's empire thananywherotelse on earth. This preference extends to the women as well asto the men.LET US BEYOUR SOLICITORm H M Bv H H HOur Printing Will HELPYOUR TRADEEvery Kind of Commercial,Law and Social Printing InUp to Date Styles .. .. ..XOhen In JWeed of JobtuorKjCall at This OfficeSpecial WinterTourist TicketsVIAOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.RARE CHANCE!,Big Pay for Solicitors!"nillwiiTHE CINCINNATI WEEKLY 'ENQUIRER is offering Five Thousand Dollars in cash premiums to -solicitors,in addition to a liberaLcommission that is more than ample -topay one's expenses, besides affording a living profit, while engaged in the work of soliciting subscriptions. THE WEEKLY ENQUIRER.is now a twenty-four page magazinestyle paper, chuck full of readingmost acceptable to any well-orderedhome. Each issue contains a sermon by Pastor Russell, an essay byi Dr. Madison C. Peters, a serial and.short stories, natural history, general news and special record of political and national affairs that are:of interest to all people, cut patterns,for ladies and youths, and miscella-rneons matter, all of high moral in-Cflueuce; also market reports from alLcommercial centers, and veterinarycolumns.The editor's aim being to presentthe reader with an exceptionallygood family journal of superiormerit, free from all matters that an- .tagonizemorality, justice and truth. $To circulate such a paper, alLf well-meaning persons can benefittheir community and add their mitein the uplifting of civic and politicaLthought and action.Any person, lady or gentleman,with leisure hours, desirous of doinga good turn for the community, atthe same time earning fair payment,should apply at once for particularsby writing to THE ENQUIRER,Cincinnati, O.DISSOLUTION NOTICE.The firm of Kenney &. Dudley haabeen mutually dissolve. Dr. W. K.Dudley will occupy the old offices at51U Main street and Dr. Wm. Kenneywill occupy the office rooms at 514Alain atreet. All persons knowing"themselves indebted to aid firm willplease call and settle at once.WM. KENNEY.H6t W. K. DUDLEY.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Unnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglfltf East Tenn. Phone 6Professional CardsSpecial Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Safe 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month to)The West, South West and'-VT 1 1 . 1 .iNorunwest; aiso to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, &c, callon writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Go.FOR RENT.Dr. Wm., Kenney,.PARIS, KENTUCKY, v vOffice 514 Main Street.Oflice Phones ' T 1??;. "Home HHt.Residence E T 334xtesiue ( Home 334.iwc story oricK residence with mnpirooms, halls, porches, pantry and allneceBsary outbuildings. Good location. Apply toDENIS DUNDON.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician.I Offices, Rooms 4 and ."5, Elk's BIdVJ. Paris, - KentncWJ J. WILtilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.iloom 1 Elks Buildinfi:.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSOIS SALE DAILYVIAGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1SI1.FOR FULL PARTICULARS, CALL ON ANY AGENT QUEEN & CIESIENT MIL..., OR WRITE ,H. C. KINO. Pas-mcr uti lidtH Aft. 191 E. Mais St., LEXINfTON, KV.H"1"r -$-ATHE BOUfcBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 6, 1911.ViH!fi tiftI i1 :1'Iilit3wfTREASURY SHOWS GiMillersburg Council Hold Regular Meeting Wednesday WhenTreasurer Reports.T.'D. JUDY'S HOME BURNEDMasonic Officers InstalledDancing Club EntertainsMillersburg News.andThe Millersburjr City Council metin regular session Wednesday nightfor the first meeting of the new year.AH members of the board were present. Mr. E. M. Ingles, who was elecied at the last meeting in December tofill the unexpired term of PostmasterU S. G. Pepper took the oath of officewhich was administered by the CityClerk, Mr. J. T. Judy, who was reelected to that office for the ensuingyear by fthe unanimous vote of thboard. The Council revoked the ordinance passed some months ago refund-ing to the taxpayers twenty per cent'of the cost of con?truction of concretewalks around their property. 'After considerable routine businessthe Treasurer's report for the year of1910 was read and approved by thebuarc. J he report shows the littlecity of Millersburg to be in a nourishing condition financially and at theclose of the fiscal year had a balanceof $2,790.17 in the treasury. On January 1, 1910, the treasury showed a balance of S2.ti83.36. During the year of1930 collections for taxes amounted tothe neat sum of S2.755.1S. For licencesthe sum of $335. SO was paid into thetreasury and the amount of miscellaneous sums aggregating $539.54bringing the total to SG.313.SS. Thedisbursements during the vear iustclosed aggregated $3,514.71, leaving ajtotal January 1. 1911 of $2,799.17 or anincrw of $115 SI ovr the balance'left in the tieasury at the close of1909. After allowing a numbpr ofoutstanding bills the council adjourned. Thp home of Mr. J. T. Judy, in Butler addition, one of the new suburbs ofMillersburg. was totally destroyed byit- , with the most of its contents, atb o'clock Wednesday morning. Thef re seems to have originated in theattic in the front of the building. Mis.Judy and children were at the home ofher parents, Mr, and Mrs. WilliamPaynf, near Shawhan. The home wasoccupied by Mr. Judy, who slept in thefront of the building, and a coloredporter, Sam Victor, who occupied aroom in the rear.1 About 3 o'clock in the morning Mr.J udy was aroused by the falling oisomething in the room. On looking uphe saw the plastering falling from theceiling. A moment later the blazewas visihle above. The alarm wasquickly spread but owing to the hourand sevreity of the weather the impromptu hre company was delayeu ingetting on the scene with the engine,on account of the intervening distancebetween the Judy home and the enginehouse., But little was saved from the frontof the building, but a good deal wastaken from the back part The building was a new one, Mr Judy oeing oneof the first purchasers of a lot whenButler Addition was sold on themarket in April, 1908 He bpgan building in the autumn of 1909 and movedinto his rune in the spring of 1910. Itwa3 a nice cottage home with allmodern conveniences. Loss about,$4,000. insurance $2,000 on buildingand $400on contents.The newly elected officers of AmityLodge, F. & A. M., were installedTuesday night in regular meeting. Itwas a busy night for the lodge. Alove feast which began December 27i was continued. Three petitions lor initiation were presented, also one demitpetition. Considerable husiness was. discussed and the meeting was an in-teresting one. The following constitutes the officers and committees for19111: W. M. W, V. Shaw; S. W.M., P. Collier; J. W., J. H. Campbell;Secretary, J. H. Burroughs; Treasurer, S. M. Allen; S. D., W. A. Butler;J. D., R. M. Caldwell; Chaplain, Rev.T. W. Watts ; Tyler, Durward Mason ;Trustees. F. P. Hurst, J. G. Allen,Dr. W. M. Miller; Hurst, Chairman;Finance Committue,0. R. Rankin, D.P. Jones. J. B. Cray'; Sick and ReliefCommittee, Squire E. P. Thomason,I P. L. Dimmitt, and Stewarts, T. R., Wilson and V. C. Barton.ones, were either sick or had sicknessin the home. The music, which wasexceedingly good, was furnished bythe Wright Saxophone Trio, of Columbus, O.Following is a partial list of visitorsat tne hop Tuesday night: MissesGlenn Arthur and Mary Piles, ofMayslick ; Messrs. Chanslor Parker,James Sallee. Andrew Carr. HarveyRice and Alexander Marshall, MessrsArnold and Frazee Hart, Flemingsburg ; Miss Lddie McCormick, Mr.Ernest Piper, Carlisle; Miss MaryBelle Sharp, Mr. Hal Thompson,Sharpsburg; Misses Mattie WoodsonBarnes and Bertha Botts, Owingsville:Misses Joe Jett and Blanton Collierand Messrs. Tom McKee, Fred Mcllvaine and Harold Poindexter, Cynthiana; Misses Edith Mayll and DorothyTalbott and Mr. Harry Hortnn, ;Paris;Misses McFarland, Mary Belle Walkerand Luta Oney, Lexington.Mr. E. T. Sheeler takes this occasionto thank all who so willingly assistedin the saving of his home from destruction by fire on the night of January A. Mr. Sheelre's home adjoinsthat of Mr. T. D. Judy which was totally destroyed by -fire on the samenight. Mr. Judy also desires to thankthose who so ably assisted him in saving a part of his household goods.Mrs. Mary Foster is improving slow-The annual New Year's hop wasgiven at the opera house Tuesdayevening by the Millersburg DancingClub. Notwithstanding the severityof the weather and.the fact lagrippe isprevalent everywhere, all the surround ng towns were well representedon the floor. The opera house waspractically void of visitors, the likeof which was never seen here before,frliic hnwovor u'tic ltircrolv rlno in ink-......-, ..W. .,..., ,.H.J IIAIC,.-.., V.V.W I.W WIIW. - ,ness in so many of our homes. Many I ah wicn goua aiienuanue.of the ladies who served as chapre-' ftjr. j jt Linville, wholy.Mrs. Will Parker is visiting her sister, Mrs. S. C. Blackwell, at Paris.Mrs. Russell Mitchell is confined toher horn1 with an attack of lagrippe.Mr. J. G. Smedley. who has beenconfined to the house for several days,is better.Miss Bessie Purnell left Monday toresume her duties in the public schoolat Paris.Several of our young men attendedthe New Years hop at Maysl'ck, Monday night.Little Miss Mildred Louise Collier,who has been sick lor several days, issome better.Mr. E. M. Ingles, who has been confined to his home with lagrippe is ableto be out again.Miss Glsnn Arthur, of Mayslick, arrived Tuesday as the guest ot MissAnna Jefferson.Dr. Calhoun, of Louisville, was theI guest of Miss L.ula McNamara fromSunday till luesday.Public School opened Monday. M. F.C Tuesday, and M. M. 1. Wednesday.confined to his home for several monthswith typhoid fever, wa& able to driveto town Wednesday.Miss Louise Watford left Wednesdayfor Chicago after spending the holidays at home.Messrs. W. G. Mclntyre and W. S.Judy attended the tobacco meeting atLexington yesterday.Mr. J. T. Judy has rented theBaptist parsonage and will occupy itas soon as his family returns.Mr. Jasem Hutsell of Mt. Sterling,wits the guest of his aunt, Mrs. M. E..vlartin. Tuesday and Wednesday.Messrs. J. H. Hunter and ArthurCraycraft left Tuesday for Lexington,where Sthey have accepted positionswith the Loose Leaf Tobacco House.MrT Wrv."Bradleyr of Pans, countymanager of the Boubon Home Telephone Company, was a visitor hereWednesday in the interest of his company. Mr. and Mrs. S. K. Proctor servedsupper Tuesday night for the Millersburg Dancing Club in the vacant storeroom or Mrs. aue aannusKy. inemenu was good and everything nicelyprepared.Date of State Fair Changed.The State Board of Agriculture helda meeting in Lexington Tuesday, adjourning after a short session to 1o'clock Wednesday afternoon and atthat hour the board met again and attended to routine business coming before the board. The one point out ofthe ordinary that was attended to washte fixing of the date of the State Fairwhich was changed from September 11to September 4, being set forward oneweek.Headed by President Jos. M. Hallthe officers and directors of the Bourbon County Agricultural Society willgo to Lexington today to confer withthe State Board in regard to thechanging of the dates of the StateFair. The dates selected by the Boardin making the change is in direct conflict with the dates of the BourbonCounty Fair and the purpose of thtvisit is to enter a protest against taking the dates already claimed "by tl eBourbon Society.Read Poem and Pardonedvicts.Con-Vote to Cat Out 1911 Crop.P ully two hunrded accredited dele-. ac .nnvncm-:M V.;-rt' nAA u.,.i...The ither day Gov. B. B. Comer, of - '. "J rfSZTk? SZa ;.,,.... .w .-v.... ........ .. -. ,,,Alabama, who likes poetry, picked upLord Byron's works and read "ThePrisoner of Chillon." He was aboutto start on his annual tour of theState prison and the convict camps.The poem so deeply impressed himthat after visiting the convicts he exercised wholesale clemency, paroling onehundred long-terra prisoners, forty ofthem convicted of homicide and twentybeing life convicts.These are the lines of Byron whichso worked upon the Governor's humansympathies that he sat down and wroteout the documents liberating the priso.ner3:My haii' is gray, but not with years,Nor grew it whiteIn a single night,As men's have grown from suddenfears,My limbs are bowed, though not withtoil,But rusted with a vile repose,For they have been a dungeons spoil.And mine has been the fate of thoseTo whom the goodly earth and airAre banned and barred forbiddenfare."I gave the matter careful consideration," said the Governor, "and Icould find no good reason for keepingthese men who had served so long andso disastrously to their own health andhappiness."These paroles are issued only toprisoners who have good prisonrecords, and in practically every canemembers of the Board of Pardon3 wereneartily in accord with them.Ohio and Indiana were in Lexingtonyesterday to attend the big tobaccoconvention at the court house, calledfor the purpose of devising ways andmpans for the Burley tobacco growersThe Independents, dumpers andpoolers to get together upon a common ground for improving the presentprice of the weed and for mutual protection against tne tyranny of thetrust. The session yesterday afternoon was devoted to addresses by anumber of prominent tobacco men anda vote to cut out the 1911 crops earned. A number of tobacco men fromBourbon county attended the meeting.Cholera In India.Cholera was first recognized by thePortuguese in India as far back as tinmiddle of the sixteenth century. Ithas the peculiarity of following awell-defined route, with progress justequal to that of an average journeyon foot.has beenriiNffiSWEEPIRIDUCTIOOn All Holiday Shoes and Slippers This Week.For quick Clearance we havedecided to reduce the prices onour entire line of Men's, Misses'and Children's House Slippers.1Mexican Valley.The valley in which the City ofMexico is situated is some 50 mileslong by 40 broad and 7.500 feet abovethe sea level. It Is supposed that thebasin was formerly filled with waterand several lakes still cover a partof it. The site is olp of extraordinarybeauty and impressivcupss.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. IT. Stubcnvoll, llison,la., in praise of Dr. King; New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity,In every home these pills should be.If other kinds yoirvc tried in vain,USE DK. KING'SAnd be well again."Only 2o conts at Ubcrdorfer's.Raise Cattle on Sahara.Th cattle raised on the fringe otthe Sahara are known to be of goodquality and are estimated' at 2.000.000head. With a little sciontinV feedingduring the dry season thoir numbersmight rapidly bo increased and theSoudan region might become a sort ofsecond Argentina.f- LT()rovMpfflilptfQff enpw aw " jr vjTfxT t lk N3iap&'S&L t r IMSEnds Yinter's Troubles.1 To many winter is a season of trou-I bit. The "frost-bitten toes and lingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,red and rough skius, prove this. Butsuch troubles lly before Rueklen'sArnica Salve. A trial convinces.. Greatest healer of burns, boils, piles,i cuts, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains.Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer s.Pollution of Our Streams.Pollution of streams In America Israpidly getting to be gravy for making graves. Things done by the oldcountry to keep peace, public moralityand health are the very thiugs we aregradually finding out we Yanks havegot to get down to and imitate, andbo eat humble pie.As most of our cheaper grades are sold we willnow offer you the higher grades at almost the sameprices you paid for inferior prades.Of course the sizes are broken so you will do wellto come early and get first choice.We wish you one and all a happy and prosperousNew Year.DAN COHEN "336 Main Street, - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNrli MtHHHMtaBBHMaaMMMMaBHilMHBBB1 Hook-Throwing.Smiley "So you just got back fromJ a two-weeks' fishing trip, eh? Haveany luck?" Grafton (gleefully) "Onlyi cleaned up a little over a hundred! and we didn't play every night, eithj er!"Mother Love.Mother love hath this unlikeness toany other love. Tender to the object.It can be Infinitely tyrannical to itselfand thence all its power of self-sacrifice.Lew Wallace.From Business Point of View.The English doctors have discoveredacromegaly, a new and quito widelyprevalent disease. It would seem thata disease with such a formidable nameought to be worth a whole lot of cure.Not a Mean Man."Why do you argue with your wife?Don't you know It doesn't do you a bitof good?" "Sure I do. But I aiu't gotsuch a mean disposition as to depriveher of the pleasure."Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of peodle killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, evenfood. But grand protection is afforded b3r Electric Bitters which destroyand expel these deadly disease germsfrom the system. That's why chills,fever arid ague, all malarial andmany blood diseases yield promptlyto this wonderful blood purifier. Trythem, and enjoy the glorious healthand new strength they'll give you.Moneyxback if not satisfied. Only 50cat Oberdorfer's.Cecil True Bill Dismissed.Another chapter was closed in theGoebel assassination cases in thefranklin Circuit Court Tuesday, whenCommonwealth's Attorney RobertFranklin asked that the indictmentsagainst Frank Cecil be dismissed. Because Cfcil was shot to death in arfcstaurant in St. Louis several monthsago, the indictment was ordered dismissed by Judge Benton.Losses Kentucky Lands.Title to hundreds of thousands ofacres of land in Kentucky was affectedTuesday by a decision of the SupremeCourt of the United States holdingagainst the Eastern Kentucky CoalLands Corporation which claimed theproperty under the so-called Virginia jland grants.Falls Heiress to Modest FortuneWith her chief thought directed toward the pleasing of her boarders'paiates and thereby eking out a modestlivelihood for herself and little family,Mrs. Lucy Warford a bardinghousekeeoer of Frankfort looks forward toa life of comfort by falling heiress to$25,U0U. Accompanying he- good fortune, however, came the echo of a sadaffliction the recent death of hermother.Mrs. Warford received a special dispatch from Richmond, Ky., sayingthat through the death of her mother,Mrs. Allen Thomas, she had fallenheiress to $25,000.The modest little woman would notdiscuss her good fortune other thansaying she proposed to keep right onrunning i-er boarding house as thoughher mothfer had left her nothing.rVIen Were Loony About Clothes.Old-time cobblestones and mud demanded a thick, clumsy boot, and ellYankee leather was good stuff, allright enough, but it did not agreeablylend itself either to beauty or easeA paper of 1850 tells of a statesmangoing to a big ball in velvet breeches,with a scarlet satin coat lining andscarlet bows on his pumps. Men thnused to be almost as loony abcutclothes as women are now.An Ancient Anaesthetic.A Chinese manuscript lately discovered proves that anaesthetics wereused in China seventeen hundredyears ago. A certain concoction, itstates, was given by the doctors before performing an operation, wh'chrender the patient unconscious. T sanaesthetic was a simple preparat. iof hemp.fearer the Ground.Edwin, aged seven, noticed grandpatrying to stoop to pick up soraethlnswhich had fallen to the ground, suddenly said: "O. wait, grandpa, let mapick it up for you. I haven't so farto stoop."Root cf Evil.Th'-re are a thousaiui hnckirgthe branches of evil, to one uuostriking at the root. Thoreau.Escaeed With His Life."Twenty-one years ago I faced aiawful death," writes II. B. MartiiPort Ilarreison, S. C. "Doctors sailI had consumption and the dreadfulcough 1 had looked like it sureenough. I tried everything I couMhear of for my cough, and was undtthe treatment of the best doctor v.j Georgetown, S. C, for a year, buget no relief. A friend friend advised me to try Dr. King's New Discoey. I did so, and was completelycured. I feel that I owe my life tothis great throat and lung cure." INj positively guaranteed for cough",coIcIm and all bronchial afiections. o0oand $1.00. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.Negro Brute Attacks YoungWoman.Miss Ethtl Warren, a prominentyoung woman of Lawrenceburg, wasattacked Monday and brutally beaicnby a negro brute whose identity hasnot been learned and who is beingsought by a posse of determined citizens. Miss Warren, who is a saleswomanin a dry goods store, was enroutehome from work when she observedthe negro following her. The negroovertook her, knocked her down andchoked her. Defending herselfagainst her assailant she broke anumbrella to pieces. When she screamed for assistance the negro slapped hishand over her mouth out of which wasbitten a large piece by his victim before he could release himself. Fearing detection he Med.Miss Warren's clothing was almostcompletely torn off in the struggle.The young woman is prostrated overthe affair. Feeling against her assailant runs high and it is feared if captured he will be summarily dealt with.Identification is expected to be easy onaccount of wounds indicted on thenegro's hand by the young woman'steeth.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until you:dealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.w. 153S3MHK3HKHRR3E yy.y"yyy-y 3KX.JWF SFI I BAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,m ri..;im tll BLINDS,yj umidmiaoj uuaii hard and softJfj The Christmas Season will be all the COAL,Jfl merrier if your bins are full of coal.4f It brings good cheer as you speed the WE AREmd old year and you're started right whenj the new year's here. AGENTS FORli's No Trouble la Kcmi Wim AlII8lll6g with Our Co,.. Roofingi Ifi TEMPLilM LUMBER CO. ft