VTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1911,NUMBER 55Horse Racing Dead in EmpireState.Asserting that its statements areussed on information secured from inside sources at Albany, the EveningWcrld says :"The horse racing game is defad inXw York, for this year at least.There will be no racing bills passed byze Legislature, and nothing borderingc the.resumption of the sport will bepjc up to Governor Dix. There will bero relieving of owners and directors ofracetracks of the liability foi betting- iolations: there will be no bookmak-ing with or without writing considered;m short, 'the sport of kings' is as far ;a eer trom a neaitny revival ana win- as long as those behind it are unw 'ing to open their tracks and racej-der the provisions of the laws nown the statute books."MATRIMONIAL.Elegant Home at Public Auction.Tuesday afternoon at two o'clock.Harris & Speakes will sell at publicrjetion the most beautiful new homebj.lt by the Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Company, on Cypress street.7 his house is up-to-date in every part cular and is the most desirable homeyet offered at public auction in Paris.Attend the sale.Plans Submitted.At a meeting of the Mercer countyfiscal court plans for a new courthouse were submitted to supplant thehistoric building now standing and-which has been condemned, the Courtof Appeals having constructed the lawS compelling the court to levy a taxand build a new one. None of theplans were accepted.Mr. Max Fightmaster and MissAda Brook, of Lexington, were unitedin marriage at the residence of theofficiating minister, Elder Carey E.Morgan, in this city Friday evening.Mr. Fightmaster is a night clerk atthe Leland Hotel. Immediately afterthe ceremony they rstuned to Lexington. Mr. John B. Mackey and MissMary Agnes Shannon, of this city,were united in marriage yesterdaymorning at the Cathedral Jin Covington. Rev. Father Brossard officiating.The wedding came as quite a Surprise to Ftheir many if rends here, astheir weding was very unexpected.The only attendants were Mr. Jas.Leyard and Miss Sue Jordan, of Paris.The bride is an exceedingly brightand attractive young lady and is thedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Shannon, residing near this city.x The groom, who is the son of Mr.and Mrs. Sam Mackey, of this city,has been attending college in Louisville. He is a young man of exemplaryhabits and popular with a host offriends.Immeidately after the ceremony 'thehappy couple left for a bridal trip toAtlantic City and other points in theEast when they will return to Paris tomake their future home.The couple has the best wishes of alarge circle of friends for a marriedlife of unbounded happiness.BIRTHS.Born, in Waterville, Wash., to thewife of J. H. Winstanley, formerlyMiss Louise Grinnan, of Paris, aneight pound son.IDown Goes thePRICE OFFLOURBlue Ribbon Flour, the BestIn the World.Blue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack T 2.40fIm(is t& . , , ... wi ne urocery store 01 uaniy. flf T. C. LEINIHAN, Prop. WftS Rnrh Phono 214 W& W1jv. metipeeialriceFOR"7 ..'28ZS5feSuit BuyersIntense Feeling Against ParisAnimus toward the Paris base ballclub is increasing as each succeedingday brings to light some grievance,imaginary or otherwise, which theother five clubs of the league seem tohold against the .Bourbonite aggregation, collectively and individually, andas a result matters are coming to apoint of unpleasantness and the situation almost unbearable.One paper in the league circuit refers to the Paris club as 'congenialkickers;" another refers to McKernanas the habitual protesting managerwhile the fans hurl epithets at theplayers that are enough to try theirpatience and arouse them to a point ofengaging their torirentors in combat.But patience is a part of the makeup of the good ball player and in themajority ot instances these remarksare overlooked. The climax wasreached Saturday when a Frankfortpaper accused the Paris men of playing dirty oall. It alleged Harrellpulled off a stunt never before seen onthe Frankfort grounds, openly interfering with a fielder throwing a ball,and denounced Chapman for approaching Jones, a substitute umpire, .in athreatening manner with a bat in hishand. S8Hw$If it is a fact that Harrell "participated in a dirty play it is the firsttime to our knowledge such has beenthe case, and we are templed to doubtthe truth of the statement of theFrankfort paper. As to Chapman approaching the umpire in a threateningmanner, is absolutels false and without foundation. It may be true Chapman advanced on the upmire with abat in his hand, but not with the intention of striking the official. Thiswas fully explained and understood byJones.That all the clubs in the league haveit in for McKernan is r.learly evident,due principally to the fact that hissuperior knowledge of base ball hasall the other club managers on theirhummer, and this has aroused a jealousy that has existed and will exist aslong as McKernan figures in base ballin the Blue Grass.Aggressiveness is one of the chiefassets ot a club manager, providedit does not arous e serious complications. We admire the aggressivemanager, and one who overlooks nopoint within reason to gain an advantage. This is probably what has caused McKernan's unpopularity, but willeventually win for him a sort of admiration even in his bitterest opponents. The statement made a few days aguby Pat Bohannon, of the Frankfortclub, that he intended to whip UmpireWilkerson at the first opportunity inall probability prompted the erstwhilearbitrator to set sail for another port,and the statement that he would administer a like punishment upon McKernan, shows his attitude toward theParis manager. But McKernan as yethasnt' been frightened off the circuit,and it is not probable he will be. Thethreat of Bohannon carries but littleweight.If there is any soreness in theleague we think Paris players andfans should be the possessors of themajority. The pennant within graspand to be deprived of the honor byMaysville and Lexington putting upsuch miserable contestsx against theHustlers, just because of the feelingagainst Paris. Nothing of the kindhas ever happened in the Blue GrassLeague before and we hope it willnever occur again should the right laybetween any two cUbs.We had nothing to expect from Lexington and little from Maysville, butwith all we have malice towards noneand have gone into the fight for thesecond pennant with the same determination as we did the first. With aLouisville man in charge of theleague's affairs, it cannot be said nowthat paris is the favored spot, and wehope that in the future the league willhe free of any ! objectionable featuresthat have a tendency to mar a cleansport.Attend the Combination SaleWednesday, July 12Free PrizesAttend the combination sale Wednesday afternoon, July 12, at 2 o'clockand get a chance on a room-size brussels drugget, a porch swing and acomfortaole rocking chair. A numberof desirablegpieccs of real estate willbe sold.Wheat Wanted.Before selling your wheat see us orcall Phone 84. We buy at all stationson the F. & C. and L. & N. railroads.Call and get your wheat sacks.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,11 6wks Paris, Ky.rwWc Know How.5'iwtoGuaranteed Patent Leather Ir Shoes."Korrect Srape"You can see the point, noneed of further argument.Plenty of room and yet anacme of style and quality.Why not a pair todayPATENT "BURROJAPS"GUARANTEED 1 1What do you thinkof that ?Burt & Packard Co.MaktrsBrockton,MASS.F;-Lj&.Ts I -"5SW r ""' " BY - i:f73eiVSfir.OUR30 aim 1135MiMStiffiITLFor $24These Suits are this Saason's Models-Comequick, as they won't last long at the price.Price & Co.,Clothiers.mm1P&Siii Ms'MMM gapThere is some satisfaction in buying a pair- ofPatent Leather Shoes from this store, and the reason is every pair of Shoes sold by us for $4 areabsolutely guaranteed not to crack. If they do wewill give you a new pair free. The Korrect Shape$4 Shoesm Patent Leathers, Gun Metals and Tansare sold with this guarantee, and why do yuo wantto buy other brands of patent leathers that will goto pieces on you. Come to this store where yourdollar will go farther than any place else. We areshowing all styles, both in High Cuts and OxfordsThe Stetson Shoes for $5 and $6 have no equalwhen it comes to a high grade Shoe. Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes are just the thing for men whosuffer with aching feet. Come in and try a pair.9bMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.I!S KLixiiiiiiii ii i iiiiij jili iuiuii i nun i ! ii mi iniiiiu i nun iiiiiiiui iiiiiriuiiiiu iiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiuuMiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiTwo Paris Men Injured.As the result of a huad-on collisionbetween a north bound frieght and theengine of Butler accommodation,traffic was delayed several hours Sunday and four trainsmen were injured.The accommodation, which runs between Butler and Covington wasswitching to make a return trip andwas on the main line. The northboundfreight going at a good rate of speeddown grade, could not be controlledand struck the passenger engine.Enigneer J;Ed tMaurer and FiremanEd Jones, of the accommodation,jumped and escaped with slight injuries. Engineer Bert Savely, of Parisr-whowith Conductor John Wilder, was incharge of the freight stuck to his postand received Sbveral severe cuts andbruises.Fireman Lawrence Brennan, ofParis, jumped and escaped without injury. Conductor Wilder was badlybruised and Brakeman Chas. McCord,was cut over the left eye.The track was torn up for some distance and both locomotives badlydamaged.ii239 -fIFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.c.p&si-"j(7 -XJpBeginsummeruaieThursday9July6C lmm MB3LI mmmBi Bargams mDepartmentMvery3 J&- .t&U-y5j-( Frank & Go.Paris, - - KentuckyHUiniiiiiMiniiu iniiiirixihaniiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiuLiiiiuuiiiiiin) nuiMiiiiiiiiiJiuJLLJ-LjiiiniiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiLiirfiMPiMii'iinia:mfiffl (Hi tffti SSS 3 S ?3?c'SSc&&iiia '' - "- ' "' '' - " '5'rT-t.TE'r'Trn s1' aygftpnrggT""jJA"'1' "u ' " ' " j' i ii i iMin-rnjir--aTTWrirTT-rirtiftrTT--ft-,'lft-Jl- i-T -ifi'THE BQURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 1119114uTHE BOURBON NEWS4BOTH. RHONE'S. 124. NO. -320 MAIN STKEET-.Do You Feel This Way?Do you feel all tired out? Do you sometimesthink you just can't work away at your profession or trade any longer f uo you nave a poor apetite. and lav awake at nights unable to sleep? AroSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow eryour nerves all gone, and your stomach too ? Has ambition to forge ahead in the world left you? If so, youmight as well put a stop to your misery. You can do it if:you will. Dr. Pierce's Golden. Medical Discovery wiflmake you a different individual. It will set your lazy liverto work. It will set things right in your stomach, andyour appetite will come back. It will purify your blood.If there is any tendency in your family toward consumption,it will keep that dread destroyer away. Even after consumption has almost gained a foothold in the form of ai fEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J88X 19 Years of Continuous Publicationu.11Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,lingering cough, bronchitis, or bleeding at the lungs, it will bring about acure in 98 per cent, of all cases. It is a remedy prepared by Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y., whose advice is given free to all who whh to write him. Hrogreat success has come from his wide experience and varied practice.Don't be wheedled by a penny-grabbing dealer into taking inferior substitutes for Dr. Pierce's medicines, recommended to be "just as good." Dr.Pierce's medicines are of known composition. Their every ingredient printedon .their wrappers. Made from roots without alcohol. Contain no habitforming drugs. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.u ana uu uauuiuauttB auu Biniiiar matter, ij utJDM per une.IrSpecial rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday,MILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.9vgrW LrfBHTShIf rm U5rtFci 6 new today. For further detailed information apply toJ&IHJ!i I1.1f?b. f:IfIf J)If 'If,l5 1 1ia8'i!U - ;-ii-'JfIKSMLSr- "jments from all otliers, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.KONE BETTER.Wm. Jldatns & Son,142 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky. , Both Phones.Working in the Garden01S-toMl o :.fiesjs&vT .ftVJitLOWRY &9si. w-s'-.-ieBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.asf.tstoBourbontoParis, J Kentucky,r"wfefor Sale Prtoat efyDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET."1 offer for sale privately ray frame.residence corner of Second street and- ijilleston avenue. Contains five rooms,two halls, bath, pantry, back andJxont porches ; csllar under entiret house; jas throughout; water in yard, - and house; sewer connection. Theresidence fronts on Second street, andis extremely dtsirable; fine shadexrees on all sides. Immediate possession can be given.Prospective purchasers invited to invspecfc the premises.- TERMS. Made known on applica''k Vticn to the undersigned.JOHN ARKLE.12 tf Home Phone 211, Dn Wm. Kenney,V PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.fc:Cffice Phones e136k" ( E T 3Q4 xKefidence 0Je , , v ,ORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYin Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality dislinguislies our MonuNONE CHEAPERis a ral pleasure it you 't ayethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. TALBOTTA P rticalar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcour.se. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get 3'oar laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveun a trial order. You'll notteijret it.Laundry,H-. ..:miss tessie brownervMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.' LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription,, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing, elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle-will start thcure, and give you instant relief. ,$2.00.PayableGrinned Into Matrimony.That grinning matches -were an accepted form of sport in early Englishdays is shown by an advertisementannouncing a gold ring to be grinnedforNby men on Oct. 9 at the Swan,doleshill heath, Warwickshire, whichappeared in the Post-Boy of Sept. 17,1711. Addison gives a detailed account of one of these "controversies offaces," telling us that the audienceunanimously bestowed the ring on acobbler who "produced several newgrins of his own invention, havingbeen used to cut faces for many yearstogether over his last,"His performance was something likethis: "At the very first grin he castevery human feature out of his countenance, at the second he simulatedthe face of a spout, at the third thatof a baboon, at the fourth the head ofa bass viol and at the fifth a pair ofnut crackers." Addison adds that acomely wench whom he had wooed invain for more than five years was socharmed with his grins that she married him the following week, the cobbler using the prize as his weddingring.Powerful Bulls.During a debate upon the secondreading of the Irish land bill in 1890Lord Londonderry concluded a periodwith: "This is the keystone of the bill.Are you going to kill It?"Sir Frederick Milner, speaking onthe budget, said, "A cow may be drained dry. and if chancellors of the. exchequer persist in meeting every deficiency that occurs by taxing thebrewing and distilling industry theywill inevitable kill the cow that laysthe golden milk!"Lord Curzon "The interests of theemployers and employed are the samenine times out of ten I will even sayninety-nine times out of ten!"Discussing Mr. Asquith's licensingbill at a meeting at Shoreditch, a member of parliament roused the audienceto a frenzy of enthusiasm by declaringthat "the time has come to strip tothe waist and tuck up our shirtsleeves I"What Is Electricity?Many persons young and old oftenwonder how the modern electric cars,trains and locomotives are operatedand what electricity is. No one knowswhat electricity is. We know some ofthe things that it will do. We haveto a certain extent learned how to control it and for want of a better namecall it a fluid. We have discovered,too, that it is one of the most important forces, if not the most importantforce, of which we have any knowledge. We are almost as ignorant ofmany other great forces of nature as,for example, the attraction of gravitation. For the present we must be content to observe such forces in actionand to devise the best methods to control them. In this knowledge mankindhas progressed wonderfully within afew years. St Nicholas.Fishing Without Bait.On the Nadoo creek, at Hukow, wesaw a novel way of fishing. Twosmall boats were moving parallel witheach other about thirty feet apart.The ends of a line about sixty feetlong to which small unbaited hookswere attached about four inches apartto two sticks were held respectivelyby a man in each boat. As the boatsmoved slowly along first one man andthen .the other would give his stick ajerk. ' Immediately that the hooksstruck anything the line was gradually hauled in and invariably withsuccess. We saw fish struck four outof five times, many of them runningapparently from half a pound to twoor more pounds. .It may be that China is the only place in the worldwhere fish are caught with unbaitedhooks. North China News.Old Soldier Tortured."For years I suffered unspeakabletorture from indigestion, constirationand liver trouble, "wrote A. K.Smith,a war veteran t Erie, Pa-, -'but Dr.King's New Life Pills fixed me allright. They're simply great.'' Trythem for anv stomanh. livm nr IHrlnp.vtrouble. Only 25c at .Oberdorfer'sDeath in Roaring Fire.may not result from the work of firebugs, but often severe burns arecaused that make a quick need forBucklen's Arnica Salve, the quickest-,surest cure for burns, wounds, bruisesboils, 9ores. It subdues inflammation.It kills pain. It soothes and heals.Drives off skin eruptions, ulcers orpiles. Ohly 25c at Oberdorfer'sONE YEAR,SIX MONTHSin Advance$1.00RHEUMATISMCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Achingbones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure tSotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orj shooting pains up and down the leg,aenmg oacK or snoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to ue crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bnd breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorsh ave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with dnections for home cure.S -livr;.'! srxif free by writing Blood-ii .") . Atlanta, Ga. DescribeV)u trouble -nd free medical advicegi.vn. 2l:l by Varden & Son.No Fixed Rules.You cannot administer human life bymeans of rules. No general statementcovers the whole heart-rending economic situation. After the idle anddissolute have been eliminated thereremains a large class of men andwomen (and especially women) whoare the helpless victims of the working of unchristian social conditions,and whose sufferings call for the mostgenerous sympathy and the wisestaid. Christian Endeavor World.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other diseases put together, and until the lastlew years was supposed to be incurable. For a great many years doctorspronounced it to be a local diseaseand prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Science has proven catarrh to be aconstitutional disease and thereforerequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufacturedby F, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is the only constitutional cure on themarket. It is taken internally indoses from 10 drops to a teaspoonful.It acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces ot the system. Theyoffer one hundred dollars for any caseit fails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Pongee Silk.Pongee silk is the undyed silk ofsilkworms fed on the leaves of thescrub oak chiefly, though other treesare used in some portions of the pongee district. The silk is produced almost exclusively in Shantung provinceand portions of North China immediately adjacent.Saves two Lives."Neither my sister nor m3Tself mightbe living today, if it had iint been U rDr. King's New Discovery, "writes A.D. McDonald, ot Fayetteville, N. C,R. F. D. No. 8, "for we both haofrightful coughs that no other remedycould help. We were told my sisterhad consumption. bhe was veryweak and had night sweats but yourwonderful medicine completely curedus both. It's the best I ever used orheord of." For sore lungs, coughs,colds, hemorrhage, lasrippe, asthma,hay fever, croup, whooping cough, allbronchial troubles, its supreme. Trialbottle free. 50c and 1. Guaranteedby Oberdoefer.in spring and summer, it'sthe natural time to store uphealth and vitality for theyear,Scott's Emulsionis Nature's freit and quick-est help. AllDrugruUGEO. W. DAVISFDNESAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH'PHOISES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.tS3(rfe)2as5&92gs5)2$Were you dissatisfied with yourlastcoal. TrygP ?Q?1 ?ITfnaPBest the earth producesand every Jump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.G&sSQSXieissrgxThe successful manbecause it stampsand good taste.The Strut is one ofuons. stetson artists have built into this shoethe smartness and satisfaction that are the1young mans delight.It costs more by the pair to bewell-shod in Stetson Shoesbut try them for a year inthe end they are cheaper.Mitchell & Blakemore'Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATED'For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little'' Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service you '"HAVE telephone service'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated13tjdr&iTTrfNotice! Poultry Raisersmn4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck. Roan. Canker.S'OKI! AS nonn. IV! t5TOXE AS GOOD-2TO CXJKE, KO PAXuiarrnoeaMiss Katie Bryant. Bardstown, Ky.. says: "I hare used Reape 4-1 1-44 for years and thlnkit the testP0 mcdy mfe It cures sapes and limberneck without faiPchicken Uffi: woSS; V" M J'ne P RPef 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a 8apin8chicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly, hi, the best preventive I have ever used."Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crome, Bardstewn, Ky. Price 50c at all Draist5.Sold byG. S. Varden & Son.aJJudged by HisShoeswears Trip StPfsnn zhhim as a man of prosperity j!the latest Stetson crea- i.. ' Jana all Diseases ot PoultryjK?m.'NfaZffcJ-V.il. -..rv, "Trife'JHv-mf '' G. S. Varden & Son.-"V" 'THE BOURBON NEVfS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 7, 1911lII!mtBIM1 1$4sorBSHEJs ?is S.y i&5&$i HH (weIH BSfiEH lB HsSc Mffr w!SLMb PMini Kl tfVHIBEC9" -jj "MlC?79,Q?9e, SW" 85P3 j ' .-1MlFreeTriiRailroad Fare Paid to purchasersof the amount of $15 or overwithin a radious of 30 miles.A Store. With a Reputation ForSquare Dealing.Department StoreParis, Kentucky,1 "MI E stock is now being remarked. Kb-- attention will be paid to what thegoods actually cost, as we will cut andslash prices to sell the stock and sell isquick. In some cases one dollar will dotne work of three dollars elsewhere. Byno means miss this grand opportunity.It's an event that seldom comes. We aremarking the goods at prices that will bethe talk of Paris for years. We will claimsupremacy in value Giving for one hundred miles around, and will leave the verdict with the people.Will distribute his entire $50,000 stock or high-grade merchandise, consisting of Dry Goods, Notions, Cloaks,Suits, Waists, Skirts, Muslin Underwear, etc , into the homes of the people for less than actual cost of raw material. Leaving the labor out of the question. Entire Stock at the mercy of the public for 10 days.4 'BEGINNING WI JULY 12Jk.t 0 O'Olook. .A-- 3MC-A Sale With a Reason. It Has Come, We Could Not Help It.Circumstances have combined to make this sale advisable at this season of the year. The backward season and disastrous weather conditions have created a condition which has neveroccurred before and we are compelled to sacrifice our big stock in order to sell while merchandise is in demand. Heroic sacrifices are sometimes necessary-this is one of the times. Thismountain of merchandise must be turned into cash in a hurry. We must sustain an immediate loss or risk a greater loss later, so prefer to face the situation squarely and start thisMONEY RAISING SALE now at a time when our friends and patrons can benefit to the fullest by this great bargain treat, right in the heart of the season, just when other merchants arechar-in- You big profits. The loss we sustain in this sale will be fully compensated by the accomplishment of our purpose. Turning our surplus stock into cash as quickly as possible, Costi?s enfely lost sight of. We must liquidate our stock to meet prevailing conditions. A word to the wise is sufficient THE STORE WITH THE REPUTATION. For our word has beenour bond We will continue to do business on the same honorableJines that have marked our business in Paris for the past many years. We herein guarantee every price, every statementand will absolutely and cheerfully refund the money on every garment not satisfactory to the purchaser. You may take it home, keep it five days, and if not entirely satisfactory you canreturn it and your money will be cheerfully refunded. We will continue to give the people the best and greatest values in our history. Our financial ability, coupled with our wide knowledge of the mercantile business, makes us masters of the mercantile field in Paris forever. Our sale is bona fide and legitimate and will be for ten days only. Every man, woman andchild in Paris and surrounding country are well aware of the high grade merchandise that has been carried by us in the past.All transactions during this sale is for cash only.... i -- -FREErT?T?T?T?VfThe first 20 ladies entering the store onWednesday, July 12, will receive a niceDress Pattern Absolutely Free.Store ClosedTo Re-mark Stock.No goods sold and no one allowed in the building until Wednesday, July 12.Beware of FraudOwing to the extensive advertising and magnitudeof this sale, we caution you to beware of unscrupulous merchants who may try to lure you in by fictitious signs. Look for name over door before youenter.T3urio$Ladies' Summer Vests, lace andopen work, worth 15c 6cExtra good quality Corset Coversneatly trimmed, worth 50c . .19cMuslin Drawers, tucked, worth35c, now for 19cLace trimmed Muslin Drawers,warth 75c, now at 33cExtra fine Muslin Drawers worth$1, now at 47cMuslin Skirts worth $1.25-. .79cMuslin Skirts, three rows oflace, sell at $2.00, now for. . -98cMuslin Gowns, worth S2 89cExtra fine lot of Underskirts,worth up to $2, now at 95ccuaCaOouuooIffThe most complete line of Velvets, Laces, Embroideries, Veilings, Ribbons, Umbrellas, Belts,Bags, Neckwear, Fancy Goods,etc. All styles and widths, veryneat pattern, large assortment toselect from at just ONE-HALFwhat other stores ask. Call andpick them out at this mightysale at a trifling costWaistsRegular $1.50 Waists ..79cRegular $2.50 Waists $1.19Regular $3.00 Waists $1.85Regular $4.UU waists vt.'yPetticoatsPetticoats, worth 75c, at 39cPetticoats, worth $1.50, at.. .79cPetticoats, worth 2.00, at . .98cDry GoodsLawns, all patterns, worth 10c,now 3 l2c25c batiste, fine quality lieLinen Suitings, worth 20c 8cCrepe in all new shades andcolors, worth 20c 12cBest standard Calico, only 4cBleached Muslin, only 6cFlannels, only , ... 5cFlannelettes, 36 inches wide,only 8cCurtain Goods, only 11 1-2Huck Towels, worth 15c 8cTable Linenes, worth 75c 39cTowels, worth 10c,only 5cLadies' and Children'sHosieryJLadies' Cotton Hose, worth15c 6cLadies' Lisle Hose, worth 35c apair, marked now at. 14cLadies' heavy fast black Hose,20c values, per pair now 9cLadies' Lace and Silk Embroidered Hose, per pair now 33cComplete line of up-to-dateWash Dresses, Wash Suits, SilkDresses, Kimonas, Cravanettes,Children's and Infants' white andcolored dresses and rompers atless than actual cost of production.SkirtsComplete line of up-to-dateMan Tailored. Skirts in all thewanted styles and colors.$7.00 Skirts $3.69$10.00 Skirts $4.85$12.50 Skirts $6.45$15.00 Skirts $7.95Dress' Goods50-inch Mohair Cicilian in cream,colors and black, highly lustrous,double wrap. It is much boughtfor both street and. bathing wear,regular 75c , 39c56-inch Shepherd Plaid correctsize, checks, regular 75c 39c50-inch Storm Serge, strictly allwool, the staple colors and black,regular 85c yard 4Sc45-inch Henrietta perfect finish,fast dye, in cream colors andblack, an 85c value at 43c42-inch Satin Prunella in all thenew ana staple colors, highlyfinished, regular $1.25 yard.. 79cBlack French Nuns' Veiling 45inch wide, all-wool, close evenmesh, and perfect black, at.. 69cBlack French Surah Serge 50inches wide, all-wool, at 89cPriestley's Black Prunella in thecelebrated spot proof weave, 40inches wide at 95cBlack wide wale Diagonal, 52inches wide, rich, deep black andstrictly pure wool at $L25Linens75c Turkey Damask for 39c69-inch heavy white Table Linen,worth $1, now at 59c62-inch extra heavy, exclusivedesigns, $1.25 value, now at. .59cUnbleached Table Linen 75c value, now at 39c2 1-2 yards long, regular sellingprice is $3.50, now at $2. 19.SilksEntire stock must ,go pricesmade to do it. Not a yard to remain.MillineryEvery Hat must go. Newestand most up-to-date departmentin Paris.Ladies', Misses' and Children's Suits and Dresses.Every description almost givenaway. New, clear and stylish.Our prices will open your eyeswith astonishment. Come in andsee for yourself.ShoesLadies' Oxfords, $3 values. .$1.95Ladies' Shoes and Oxfords, S4values $2.39Misses' Shoes $1.19Misses' Oxfords $1.29Entire sto ck on sale. Nothingreserved.01ooiHandkerchiefsChildren's 5c handkerchiefs. . .2cLadies' 10c handkerchiefs 3cLadies' 15c handkerchiefs 8c.nEL-oowaIfft-oa-rThe Greatest and GrandestBargains on Earth now StareYou in the Face : : : :Sale Begins OnWednesday,July 12.Z inAnxDepartment Store,WANTED--50 Experienced Salesladies. Apply at Once,A Merchandise Event oSupreme Importance thatYou Dare Not Miss , : :This Sale OpensWednesday,July 12.ir'V,' '" S," "yisivrtamia0SCS!i'JSF esMpstCTHE BOURBON NEWS,- PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 11, 1911..r-i- - ...iifff..:.fcWe Are Never Satisfied.That which is "well within our graspfeels mean and insignificant, "whilethat which is far beyond our reachseems absolutely necessary to ourvery happiness we are never to bequite satisfied.On Bargain Day.Gentlemen Er where can I findthe silk counter? Floorwalker Thirdbattle to the i'eht. lur3Ice Famine in Kentucky. Bourbon County Crop Conditions ! Results of Bail Games.1 cr3f I- 11 III ' MLLI.LJin iraQM mww BkJ IW Victor-Victrola XIV, $150t Other styles Victor-Victrola $75 to $250 VVictors $10 to $100The ideal instrument II for the home IThe Victor-Victrola is the mostH perfect and most satisfactory of allj musicaHnstruments for the home. HIt combines all musical instrumentsH and the perfect human voice, and BH supplies in unlimited variety the BH finest music in the world, sung and Bplayed by the most famous artists. BB There is no reason why you BH shouldn't possess a Victor- Victrola. BBj Come in and we'll tell you how you BB can pay for it on easy terms. reBrosWhile many of the towns in CentralKentucky are suffering intensely froman ice famine Paris merely has enoughto supply the public demand.For several days last week Pariswas face tcf face with an ice famineanjd with the excessive heat the consumers of Paris would have sueffred agreat inconvenience.A delect in the machinery at theplant of the Paris Ice ManufacturingCompany nocpsstfd tb? cnWr? ofan cxpti t frv tn C.! cirpaii tj t,,.. overthe machirury.I The compar y had on hand enough. ice in cold storage to supply the localdemand but were compelled to reducethe shipments to Carlisle and Millersburg. Manager P. Nippert made everyeffort to procure ice from severalpoints in Kentucky, Ohio and Indianawithout result, as many of the town'scould not supply enough ice to meetthe demand in their cities.The local plant is in operation tosupply the local demand, and will beoperating to its full capacity by Thursday, when it will be able to resume itsshipments.to surrounding towns.Real Estate Sales.Mr. C. J. Lancaster sold yesterdaytoNthe L. & N. railroad a one-halfinterest in a house on Vine street at aprivate price.Mr. C. A. McMillan purchased ves-terday of Mr. Lancaster thiny feetadjoining his lot on Main street opposite the new Baptist church. Theprice paid was $610. Mr. McMillanhad previously purchased thirty-fivefeet of the same lot adjoining .he residence of Mr. Thos. Talbott.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVfA!' Wheat threshing has been in progress throughout the sounty and the iyield is a light one. Some few repoitas high as 20 bushels per acre areheard, but most farmers say theirwheat is as usual, a disappointment.The quality varies in about the sameproportion as that of the yield and returns indicate that farmers who raisedthe bread "cereal have done so at aconsiderable loss. No one of sufficientexperience and observation has comeforward to furnish a solution of thequestion as to why Bourbon farmerscan not grow wheat of sufficient yieldand quality to make it one of "he mcstprofitable crops grown on the farm asit was in the good days of the longago. l, Bourbon county will harvest the( smallest crop of hay within thememory of her oldest citizens and thej farmer who has a small output or hasJ carried over a goodly quantity of old. tyay will find a ready market at abouthe highest price ever paid in this sectijn. vLive stock shipments are normal,lambs and hogs going forwardr whilefarmers are disposed to hold their cattle as long as the market shows a tendency to advance.Corn, where planted early, is beinggiven the last plowing, as the customof the olden days was to cease plowing corn on thegglorious Fourth.Tobacco is growing off nicely andfarmers are presistently using theplow and hoe in order to conservemoisture and kill weeds. Of the latterthe morning glory seems to be abroadin the land and almost every field ofcorn and tobacco is troub ed with thepest.The market is liberally suppliedwith vegptables and blackberries fromthe lower counties are coming in infair quantities. The quality of thefruit has been affected by the drought.Refrigerators.Close out prices in refrigerators atJ. T. Hinton's.DaugbertySunday, July 16, '11.Fare $1.50 Sound Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:30 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.New Stock of Goods.Up-to-date service to the public andfreshest of candies, cigars, soft drinks,ice cream, etc. Complete new stockof goods.JOHN I. FARR1S,11 2t Crystal Ice Cream Parlors.FRIDAY.Paris celebrated the opening of thesecond season by taking the Lawmakers into camp on the latter'd groundsby a score ot 3 to 2. King pitchedfor Paris and received excellent support. The Lawmakers showed poor formand errors were numerous.The Lawmakers made their firstscores in the first inning. Nicholsonsingled'to center and Hoffman followed with a hit to right. Secback sacridied Nicholson home, and Myers nitto left," scoring Hoffman. A half dozen times during the game Frankforthad a chance to score, and win thegame with a hit, but the splendid support given King won the game forParis.Paris clogged the bases in the sixth,Barnett hitting past third scoringMayer. In the seventh after McKernan had gone out King reached firston Bohannon's bad throw. King advanned on Kuhlman's out and Harrellwalked. Rapp's error allowed bothmen to cross the rubber. The score:Paris 0 000 0120 03Frankfort 2 0000000 02"Batteries Frankfort, Bohannon andHolder; Paris, King and Mayer. ErrorsParis 1, Frankfort 7. HitsParis 5, Frankfort 10. Earned runsFrankfort 2. Bases on balls off Bohannon 1, off King 1. Struck out byKing 3, by Bohannon 4. Left on basesParis 6, Frankfort 10 Double playKonnick to Seeback to Myers Firstbase on errors Paris 2. Hit by pitcher Goodmna, Bohannon. Stolen baseMyers. Sacrifice hits Harrell, McKernan, Myers. Sacricfie fly Seeback.Time 1 :50. Umpires Jones andShears.Desirable Residence Property.9 Don't forget the Summer Combination sale ot real estate to be held byHarris & Speakes, on Wednesday. July12, beginning at two o'clock p. m.We wish to call your attention to thexiiarlywine property on High streetthat is to be sold on this date. It contains 9 rooms, 2 halls, pantry, porch,presses, cistren and city water. Thisis the beat location in Paris for aboarding house, being convenientlyand centrally located, near Courthouse and on car line.HARRIS & SPEAKES,Keal Estate Dealers.t&Ml r mk WW-'WSlMmfl nave uur alist I S tffW&pMmi ' IpP'mT? 'PPf nSniiKr Parish 11 W. PTVJW' J'KMMc! - fftSATURDAY.Rain Saturday ' afternoon preventedthe game between Paris and Lexington. SUNDAY.The Champions of the first half ofthe league season adimnistered a coatof calsamine to the Bourbonites atWinchester Sunday afternoon, andwhile the complete blanking of ther-ans aggregation was in prorgess theHustlers accumulated three runs.The contest was tho firs- nf hn Q,-w - -u-.. uv. it errseries between Paris and Winchesterand it was hoped in this the localswould beak the hoodoo that has hovered over Garner park whenever theBourbonites are in that vicinity. Butthere was nothing doing along the lineof run getting for Burden was invincible throughout and held the locals tofour safeties.George, the latest acquisition to theBourbunite hurling staff, worked inhis first game but was not equal to theoccasion ana eleven hits off of his delivery, including one home run, tellsthe siory of how the game was wen.Out of the total of four hits securedby Paris two went to the credit orKuhlman and Chapman and Barnettsecured one each. Thes core:Paris 00000000 0-0Winchester 00011010 0-3Battreies Paris, fipnraa nmi Mo-.rer Wicnhester. Burden nnrl r.i.naoHits Paris 4, Winchester 11. Erroisraris z, Winchester 2. Struck outby George 5, by Burden 4. Doubleplay Barnett to McKernnn. Twobase hit Reed. Home run Gocsetree. Time 1 :30. Umpire Mess. iMONDAY. j" Yesterday afternoon the Bourbonites 'defeated the Lawmakers by a score of !3 to 1. IO'Rear Looks to be Winner.Reports from the county conventionsheld throughout the State Saturdaygive evdience of a victory for JudgeE. C. O'Rear for the nomination forGovernor on the Republican ticket atthe convention to be held in Louisvilletoday. Announcement was made Sunday night in Louisville that the namesof E. T. Franks and W. H. Cox will beplaced before the convention in spiteoi tne lact their opponent has enoughIS.cheneberg Returns to Paris.Jack Scheneberg, a member of thepitching staff of the pennant winningBourbonites rolled into the villageyesterday yafternoon from JonesboroArk., where he has been pitching forthat club in the Arkansas Leaguesince the cmiddle of May. Opositonto Sunday base ball drove the leagueto the wall and the clubs disbanded.Scheneberg was sold early in theseason oy fans to the Savannah cluhinstructed votes to be nominated on making the fifth member of last vea"Sthe first. hnlln ! .n-;., utv . . - ,, ,w' 3the first ballot.Much wrangling is expected in the tconvention as it is said O'Rear and hisfollowers will attempt to organize theconvention and put the slate through.Out of the 119 counties O'Rear has 100votes rnore than necessary to a choice,1,179 being the required number for anomination.In the county convention held inParis Saturday the Bourbon delegation was instructed for W. H. Cox, ofMason county, and the convention wascarried for the Mason nfan through aclever bit of wire pulling and politicalmanipulation on the part of the CoxadherentsThe O'Rear men met with a bitterdisappointment and held a rump convention condemning the tactics ofunairman Ueo. W. Stuart, nf thpiibi,ijiij& audii lu iiiuve up m cne profession. While with the Savannahclub Scheneberg pitched nine ganuswinning four and losing five.lie was transferred to the Jonesboroclub on an optional agreement andpitched winning ball for his club. Hewill in all probability secure a berthwith Paris.Scheneberg is desirous of getting onwith Paris for the remainder oftheseason, and says the salary will cut nofigure with him, as he is anxious topitch again for the Bourbonites. Hesays Paris is the best town he hasstruck in all his travels and he wouldlike very much to be identified withher ball club.Aside from being a little thin as theresult ofan attack of malaria, peculiar to the Southern c limate, he Icok. w. ii. uiuau, ul cue jmr to ine ooutnern c iimali "i in ri i v f'rirnmi rrpo ariri no mori .cilM.i i ? -it t .u w,cu rt JiaL ul Kuuu pnysicany ana says the warmdelegates to the state convention head-J climate has benefited his throwinged by J. L. Earlywme. No intimation arm wonderfully. 'en the part of the Cox adherents was jmade and the O'Rear following felt'T t ht-i. o T . .sure of a victory, until the'nniin idi Iwo Meet With benous Iniunes-I I I -.ment of the Cox following changed thecomplexion.The convention, which was not largely attended, was called tc order byChairman Stuart at 1 :30 o'clock andbefore the O'Rear supporters couldrealize what was being done the trickwas turned. After reading the callfor the convention a call was made fornominations for temporary" chairman.John M. Brennan, a Cox man, wasplaced in. nomination and J. L. Earlywine was nominated by the O'Rearforces. Calline for the vote ChairmanStuart put only the name of Brennanand declared him the choice of the convention. The O'Rear men were completelyset back and manv ipft fho hoiiSeveral prominent Republicans insisted upon a square deal declaring thename of Earlywine had not been mentioned and Stuart was prevailed upont j put mis oeiore the convention. Thiswas done and a count wasannounced as 108 to. ...v o iuo cu m. ineremaining O Rear men Ipft tha h-,u nnoia a rump convention while theregular convention passed resolutionsinstructing for Cox and leaving the"eiegauon iree to vote lor the minorIn an effort to counle a trartinnengine to a separator Friday afternoon, W. S. Hall, agedfabout 55 years,suffered serious injury and Chas. Hall!aged 29, the engineer, received painful burns on his left arm. ;The thresher, which was owned byMr. Hall, was in ODeratinn on (hQfarm of Laiue ;Bros.. near Shawhan,.ana completing tne threshing of thecrop were preparing to move themachinery. The engine was beingbacked to Tcouple with the separatorand the older Mr. Hall was holdingthe coupling.In some manner the couplings between the two machines did not connect, and the engine backing came incontact with the feed board. Theforce of the impact threw the engineer against the engine and pinionedhim to tha smoke-stack, and throwingthe throttle open. Mr. Hall wascaueht hetwflp.n thp mnnViinoa U:taken and collar bone wa9 broken and he suffered, the ed other lmuries.Ernest Frye. who was assistingabout the thresher, reversed theengine, releasing the men from theirperilous poistion. Dr. G. N. Rankinwas hastily summoned and adminiater-ofiices. The delegates selected were: ed to the injured men, who wereJ. vv. .Larkin, G. W. Stuart. W. Har"?? Collier, M. Scruggs, J.' Gaines,William McFarland, C. C. LarkinStamps Moore, C. W. Larkin, b!Jacoby, B. Thomas, Thomas HenryClay, Jr., Ollie Cunningham, A. W.Cnttingham, J. P. Hutchcraft andJohn Brennan.moved to their home near Kisercon.re-Some Eater.In one month a caterpillar will eatsix thousand times its own weight infood.Four Hundred Horses Burned. Kiserton Meets its First Defeat.Fire which caused a loss of .$300 000destroyed the huge burns of the -thurDixon Transfer Combany "inChicago Sunday, burned to death 400hroses and imperiled the lives of ascore of men.Crystal Ice Cream Parlors.So that everjrone can furnish thele costg room witnParis at Home Thursday'.Since the close of the first half ofthe season Paris has plajed everygame away from home.They will return home Thursday andwill meet the Colts at the local yardfor the first time since the two teamsfought for eighteen innings with thescore even in the endThe Bourbonites should be greetedWith a KOLCl crowd at t.ho nnem'nn-game of the second season. They putup a strong fight for the first pennantbut the oids were against them in thestruggle.I I respectfully invite the public to( patronize my ice cream parlors, knownas the Crystal Parlors, two doorsI from Bourbon Bank. I guarantee theI best of service and the purest ofi syrups, cream and soft drinks, and allserved in the most approved, up-to-datestyle. Resnectfuljy,11 2t JOHN I. FARRIS.New and Good WordTo designate the handling of aPiece of work by machinery the wordmechanipulate" has been coined' The Kiserton team lost its firstgame of the season to the Bridgetownj team Sunday afternoon by the scoreof 12 to 1. Bridgetown has not lust a, game this season. The score,j Kiserton 0 00010 00 01Bridgetown 0 0.0 0 2 0 10 0 x 12Batteries Kiserton, Yarnell andKeller ; Bridgetown, Reeves and Ha 1.Struck out by Yarnell 7, by Reeves16. Bases on balls Yarnell 5. Hitsoff Yarnell 8. off Reeves 2. ErrorsKiserton 7, Bridgetown 1. UmpireSpeak ps.IimcI will not be responsible for anydebts contracted for by any one exceptmvsalf without a written order., 10 3t JOHN AYERS.OEMackey May Resign.A rumor was current in Mavsvllieiye3terday to the eftect that ManaeerivjacKey wouia resign.aLly be succeeded byformerly manager ofclub.We Have a Few More leebenRefrigerators at Small Prices.He will probBill Maloney,the RichmondNow is Your Chance for Odd Dressers, Chairs, Rockers4 and Porch Chairs,Iron and Brass Beds $2.50 up to $32.Carpets, Rugs. Mattings.If you are going to buy anything in the way of Floor Covering, now is yourchance to do so with a little moneyA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.iMain and Third.Paris, KentuckyCKAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Courthouse. fLouisville Man Elected PresidentThe directord of the Blue GrassLeague met in Lexington yesterdaymorning to elect a preisdent to succeed Dr W. C. Ussery, of Paris, whotendered his resignation to the Boardof Directors Thursday and to transactother business.There was a full board present andwhen Dr. Ussery stated the purposeof the meeting , he was urged uponto continue in the presidency fcr theremainder of the season.Dr. Ussery stated that for the bestinterests of the league he thought itadvisable for them to fill his offi ewith a man outside the league circuit.Mayor F. A. Learning, of Lexington and Fleming Meek, of Versailles,were candidates for the office butwithdrew when the suggestion toselect a president outside tne leaguetowns was iade.1 'Mr. Wm. Neal, ofLouisville, was selected by the unanimous vote of the Board.Mr. Neal is connected with theLouisville Times and is one of thej oest known men in Kentucky. He atpresent holds the presidency of the-baturday afternoon Leagu in Louisville and is admirably adapted to fillthe-same position in the Blue GrassLeague. His name was presented betore the meeting at j Lexington uponthe suggestion of Robert L. Brown,of the Louisville Times, who was firstasked to accept the position.The meeting held yesterday wasvery harmonious and all protestedgames to come up at the meetingwere withdrawn.32233230 C3I3K5SSS G23 O CZSSSXSSSS 3 Z2De2ESSSZ2S9SWe are especially anxious to closeout the balance of stock of men'sand jtboys5 suits and all summergoods.And we have made final "cut prices onall these garments, so low 'that itmeans a great saving to all who buynow. Come and see.u un un- mi n a .;i.hh un un ihi a-cm an na nn mi wExample of Thrift."Yes," boa&ted an over-dressed individual, "I make my clothes last. Thishat is an example of my thrift. Boughtit three years ago, had it blockedtwice, and exchanged it once for anewone at a cafe."Bennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS,KENTUCKYmmmKvIS 'J!--rNs. i M-lt' -Hf-r'TTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY il, 1911,---m BOURBON NEWS.Cjj0fffojv?tfy4ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGriLto-rroiccc your erovvmebacco against hail.THOMAS & WOODPORD,Agents Best Fire and To: nadoInsurance.Raise in Pay.All employes of the mechanical department of the L. & N. shops inLousville have been given a 5 per centincrease in wagr-s.Oats.We are headquarters for clean oats.We also sell salt.4 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Wiikerson Resigns.Umpire Wiikerson has resigned. Hepresided in his last game in the BlueGrass League Friday when he officiated in the contest between Richmondand Maysville. He has secured a position in the Appalachian League.Hog Cholera.A sure preventive ana cure,Haas' Hoe Remedies sold by4 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Dr.Change in Time Card.An important change in the L. & N.time card is made in the new tablejust issued. Northbound passengertrain due here at 6:20 p. m., will arrive and depart ten minutes earlier aswill passenger train No. 8, with Maysville as its destination.Special Prices on Wall Paper.We are giving special prices on wallpaper for the month of July. Put onpromptly by expert decorators.J T. HINTON.Anglers Make Big Catch.Ben Downey and Douglas Thomas,Jr., hold the record for the largestcatch of fish this season. Saturdaythe two caught a nuraner of fish out ofStoner Creek. Mr. Downey made thelargest catch, a bass, which weighedthree pounds and seven ounces, andMr. Thomas was successful in landinetwo of the same species which weighed about two pounds each.PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. JohnLouisville.Price is visiting inMr. B. A. Adair will leave Thursday for Panama.Mrs. C. J. Daniel is very ill at herhome near this city.Miss Julia Edwards is recoveringfrom a slight illness,-Misses Nell and Elizabeth Crutcher are visiting near Jacksonville.Mrs. Jennie Kenney Lyle is visiting her brother, Mr. John A. Lyle.Miss Frances Hancock has as herguest, Miss Gulden Custel, of Lexington. Secretary Perry M. Shy, of theKentucky State Fair, was a visitor inParis Saturday.Ms Camilla Wilson has as herguests Mr. and Mrs. Eph Brown andson, of Atlanta, Ga.Mr, Dick Nippert, of Chattanooga,Tenn.. is the guest of his father, Mr.P. Nippert, in this city.,Placewith11 2tyourBlackberries.order for blackberriesLOGAN HOWARD.Injured in Accident.Dave Saloshin, son of Frank Saloshin, formerly of Paris, had a narrowescape from being killed in CovingtonThursday. He was riding a motorcycle when he collided with an automobile. Saloshin was thrown fromthe wheel and landed on his head. Hewas rendered unconscious and personswho rushed to his aid thought life wasMrs. John T. Hadges has returnedfrom a visit to Mier mother, Mrs. H.A Thomas, in.Winchester.Misses Blanche and Laura Lirlleston have gone to Chautauqua, N. Y.,for a 3tay of sevreal weeks.Miss Virignia Dundon, daughterof Judge Denis Dundon, returned lastnight from a visit to relatives.Master Parrish Brannon, of Cincinnati, is visiting his grandparents,Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Parrish."Mr. Amos Turney, who underwentan operation several days ago at FortErie, Can., is improving rapidly.Miss Ida Luther Bowlis, of St.Louis, Mo., is theguest of her cousins. Misses Ollie and Lorine Butler.Little Charlotte Plummer is veryill with appendicitis at the home ofher grandmother, Mrs. Lucy T.Speikes.Miss Maud Rynell, of Kansas City,is visiting her sister, Miss ElizabethRynell, at Mrs. Bertie Brown's onMain street.Mrs. Frederick Wallis gave aluncheon Saturday in compliment toMrs. Rose, of New York, guest ofMrs. Sidney G. Clay.Miss Winifred Doyle has as herguests at her home on Wakler avenueher cousins, Misses Anna and LillianKreuter, of New York.Misses Virginia and CordeliaRenick, of Winchester, are guests oftheir grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. W.H. Renick, on High street.Messrs. Wallace Clark and HarryBieht Fithian left Sunday for HotSprings, Va., and Huntington, W.Va., where they will spend two weeks.Mr. Will S. Arnsparger, of Eaton,Ga., who has been the guest for a fewdays of his parents, Mr. an J Mrs. C.Arnsparger, returned homo last night.Mrs. Albeit Hinton, who has beenat the St Jcseph Hospital, Lexington,for several weeks' under treatment,will return home the last of the week.- I. B. Hellern, who has been visiting Barnett Winters, left yesterdayior nis nomecin imminence, .tie wasand Mrs. , J. - H. Martin, Mrs. EdGrimes and daughter, Miss EmstelleGrimes, of Alt. Leonard, Mo.. Mr. andMrs. Arthur Collins and baby, Mr.lHarry Collins, Miss Corinne Collins,Mr. Lari Uollinp, Misses Aima anuIrene Collins and Mr. Mitchell Jackson. Other guests were Mr. YyattMai tin and Mrs. Lucy Montague.Miss Virignia Davis is visitingher sister, Mrs. Dottie D, Tapp, inLouisville.The condition of Mr. J. FrankBedford, of Shakespeare, this county,who is at Good Samaritan Hospital,Lexington, remains unchanged.Mrs. Ed Grimes and daughter,Miss Estelle, of Mt. Leonard, Mo.,are guests cf the former's rr other,Mrs. Mary A. Collins, near this city.Master Stephens Spears, son cfMr. and Mrs. Woodford Spears, isimproving rapidly from an operationfor appendicitis at a Lexington hospital. ' Mr. and Mrs. Harry G. Thompson, of Augusta, Ga., who have beenthe guests of Mr. and Mrs. P. A.Thompson ,'for several days returnedhome yesterday.Mr. Fithian Faries, son of Dr. andMrs. F. M. Faries, left last night forLouisville where he will join CompanyC, of the Kentucky State Guards toparticipate in the annual encampment.Free DemonstrationOf Minute Tapioca and gellatine beginning Wednesday and continuing thebalance of the week. Everybody invited. C. P. COOK & CO.FOR RENT.Modern cottage of 5 ruums, bath,electric light and gas. ApDly toMRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.11 3t E. T. Phone 591.Waster'sBlue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you withsacks. Both phones.6 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.mPUBLIC SALEIS "WWY H "IEof gfe mlWil I ji IS11 SN fm$ tea 'i hi ii ll'jll0 g gtf J 11-- 1 feASS loclE iOfIAs trustees of the First Presby teripnchurch we will offer for sale onThursday, July 20th, 1911,at 10 o'clock a. m., some of the mostvaluable property ever offerea at auction in the city of Paris.First the parsonage on Sixth streetwill be offered. The lot is 43x87 feet,and has on it a splendid brick residence.Next will be sold a lot on corner ofPleasant and Sixth streets, 44xfi5 feet,and then a lot 44x65 feet, adjoining onPleasant street.The parsonage will bn sold separately and then the two lots separately andas a whole, and the best bids accepted.The church building will also be sold,the purchaser must remove it in sixtydays.TERMS. One-third cash; balancein one and two years, at 6 per cent interest. GEO. W. DAVIS,FRANK FITHIAN.J. D. McCLINTOCK,O. L. DAVIS,M. F. Kenney, Auct. Trustees.iLast Week of 25 28gtlHCKerSummermiiM 2ak.1Don't Miss It.I-OFextinct. He was taken to a hospitajl accompanied by Master Winters, whoana revived. Doctors declare his injuries are not serious. It was his outiig after recovering from an operationfor appendicitis.Attend the Sale and Get a Prize.A room size brussels drugget, aporch swing and a rocking chair willbe given away at the combination salecf real estate, Vednesd2y afterr.ccn,July 12. at 2 o'clock.Ice Cream, Candy, Solt Drinks.Visit the Crystal Ice Cream Parlorsfor purest and freshest soft drinks, icecram. candies, cigars, etc. Two doorsj'rom Bourbon Bank. Complete newslock of goods.11 2t JOHN I. FARRIS.Melons on Ice.Don't forget we are headquartersfor melons on ice, both Rocky Fordcantaloupes and Georgia watermelons.Call us up11 2t T. LEN1HAN.Boil Your Drinking Water.The condition of the waters ofStoner creek from which Paris receives her water supply, at this seasonis said to be unfit for drinking purposes. While the process of filteringat the waterworks plant serves to remove some oft he impurities, but alow tage is most likely to result in anaccumulation of germs that cannot bedestroyed by '.filtering. Those of thepatrons of the water company whoUe hydrant water for'drinking purposes, to guard against the possibility ofcontracting typhoid should boil thewater, and allow it to cool before adding ice, keeping the bucket in whichit is placed for cooling covered.Wall Paper Reduced.Our entire stock of wall paper isgreatly reduced in prices during themonth of July. Now is the time tobuy. Our decorators are now ready towait on you. Call today.J. T. HIN ON.Feature Films at the Comet.Manager R. S. Porter of the Cometineaue, has inaugurated a new system during the remainder of the summer months. Instead of running everyPnm1! lifi?e6kaB tbe P2St the?c7nnCJWllluberunonly stated ocLJS' 7 fature fil will bepresented. Mr. Porter has arrangedfor the presentation of "The Tale ofTwo Cities.'' "The Fall of Troy,"The Coronation of King Edward IIThe International Autumoblie Races''and several other up-to-date films On"ThJf afnoono.w.in be PresentedThe Tale of Two Cities," on of thegreatest films ever shown. It is presented in three reels and runs for onenour and fifteen minutes. The pricem i"?SIOn for three Mature filmswi.l be ten cents for adults and fivevents for chilcrcn. Only ts-o shows.gvvet? on Wednesday afternoon,ine first beginning at 2 o'clock sharp.will visit relatives there.Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Mitchell, accompanied by their guest, Miss Margaret Weller,' of Winchester, left yesterday in ivir. Mitcneii s machine lor aseveral days' visit in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs Letcher Weathersand daughter, Miss Katherine, ofCenterville, and Mrs. Thnrnwell Tadlock, of this city, will leave this weekfor a ten days' stay at Oil Springs.Miss Louia Bruer went to Versailles Friday to attend a missionary rallyat the Methodist church. She was accompanied by Miss Sarah Power, whowill visit Misses Curnelia and HadleyStone for several days.Mr. and Mrs. John Blake returnedlast week from Hot Springs, Aik.,where Mr. Blake has been for hishealth. His many friends will be glacto know his health is greatly improved. Since their return they have beenvisiting Mrs. Blake's sister, Mrs.DonCurry, at Myers.Mr. John Ingram Bronson, MissJulia Bronson and Mr. John I. Bronson, of Jacksonville, Ela., and Mr. andMrs. Walton Hill, of Newport, Ky.,are guests of Mr. and Mrs. James H.Thompson at "Woodlawn Villa," theircountry home They will remain until the Bronscn-Wilson wedding today.Mrs. J. M. Hall gave a lovely teayesterday afternoon in compliment toMrs. Rose, of New York, guest ofMrs. Sidney G. Clay. The Hall home,which is one of the most attractive inthe city, was decorated profusely inmermet roses and pink and whitehydrangea. The conservatory wasbeautiful with handsome palms, ferns,rubber plafits and hanging baskets.Mrs. Rose was beautiful in an exquisite imported gown of black andwhite chiffon. Mrs. Hall wore a lovely Paris muslin gown elaborately trimmed in lace.Mrs. Robert Fereuson and Mrs.Swift Champ served chocolate at abeautifully appointed table in the dining room. The handsome round tablein the dining room had for its centerniece a tall silver vase filled withwhite hydrangea tied with white tullewhich stood on a cover" of rarelace. Miss Kate Alexander and MissOllie Butier presided at the punchtable in the drawing room.Thuse who assisted in entertainingwere Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis, Mrs.J. W. Ferguson, Mrs. John StuartRoberts. Mrs. James H. Thompson,Mrs. William Ferguson and MiesMartha Ferguson. Delicious ices andcakes were served to about seventy-fiveguests.Mrs. Mary A. Collins, of near thiscity, celebrated her eighty-fourthbiithday Sunday with a family reunionand dining. Tbe occasion was enjoyedby the children, grandchildren andgreat grandchildren of Mrs. Collins,who is hale nd hearty at hsr advanced age. Those present were Mr. andMis. H. M. Collins, Mr. and Mrs,Chas Collins, Messrs. R. L. and JohnCollins, Mrs. Sallie Thompson, Mr.Valuable City PropertyBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Wm. Myall. Adm'str &c - Plsirtiffvs.Louise Myall &c - - - Defendant.By viitue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at tVe J line term, 1911,of the Bourbon Cir-uit Court, theundersigned Master Commissionerthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 5iii, 1911,sell at public acution to the highestand best bidder on the premises atabout the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., upon credits of six and twelve monthsfor equal parts of the purchase money,the property described in said judgment and ordered to be sold in thisaction, tc-wit:A house and lot located in the cityof Paris, Ky., on Main street described as follows : Beginning on Mainstreet at a division line of WilliamHinton and the lot heieby conveyed,thence with Main street about 60 'feetto Twelfth street; thence with Twelfth3treet about US feet to a division linein the rear between the lot of saidHinton and this division line -betweensaid Hinton's lot, and the lothereby conveyed; thence with said division line of said Hinton to the beginning.j Said property will be sold free fromthe dower "right of the widow, Mary' Lou Smediey. The purchaser will berequired to execute bonds with approved surety for the purchase money! bearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from date of sale until paid, payable to the undersignedMaster Ccmimssioner.RU.-.SELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.Fee's CashO "ijpcwaiNFor This WeekWhite Salt Bacon nice and leaiT strips 12 1-2 per lb"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5c' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can 5c"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, California .pack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c"Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- . . . 65c"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only . . . . .60c8 bars Lenox Soap for 25c6 bars of Ivory Soap foe .' . .25cFresh Pies, Cakes and Bread dailv.Assignee's Sa!CTY -TAYFSrm rm wm wFOR fSJI Snow si mr rafiot mfor llS?iiC)tD. ' MSlf?sa er iBFs Mz mof isusasas ksaBflfi m , m0?fy eilgofor. ammmMmstmmkwmammmmmSompihln Iwii5! Ors? Gin Ukp IH Don't PaiS to Get One of gg mm these V 1.1 JK These PEDESTALS are IIf 1 PFllPI T AS U of wo heights 36 and miC I rLUhUlllLy BF 30 inches. 1I either in Golden Oak or fW rJIlI Mahogany finish KVTHERE AREa SEVEKM. PATTERNS HMPisrapmraaSBHrre3OFBanking House and Fixturesof Citizens' Bank ofParis, KyAs assignee of the Citizens' Bonk ofParis, Ky.,I will sell at public auctionon the premises, corner Main and Fifthstreets, at 11 o'clock a .hi., onThursday, July 20th, 1911,the three-story 'brick building latelyoccupied as a banking house.The lot fronts 21 feet and 10 inchesmore or less, on Main street, and extends back same width 86 feet, moieor less, on Fifth street, to center ofalley.Part of the building is occupied bygood prompt paying tenants. On thefirst floor, n office building to theBourbon Laundry ; on the second floorare six rooms divided into two flats ;on the third floor is a two room flat.At the same time'and place the furniture and fixtures of the bank will besold separately. Also a large sfe anda Burroughs adding machine.TERMS Made known on day ofBUCKNER WODFORD,Assignee Citizens Bank, Paris, Ky.The tops and bases are12 inches in diameter.Every one is polishedand heavy posts. Theyusually sell for $3.50.Don't Fail to get one early, as there are only fifty of therrrr-FOR SALE.Twenty tons of Westren clover hay.M. J. MURPHY.LOST.Red Barrow hog ; weight about 250pounds, stsayed from slaughter houseof undersigned. Reward for return.11 3t H. MARGOLEN. 3Special Price;Big Reductions onon Wall Paper.ch & Lawn GoodsPorRUGS AND CARPETS AT BARGAINS THIS WErSHADES AND HAMMOCKS.VUDOR PORCHVJT. TH INTO NyJIJfnase&vsuti-J&iar n?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 11, 1911.DISSOLUTION SALE!Solves a Deep Mystery."I want to thank you from the botom of my heart,5' wrote C. B. Rader,f Lewisburg, W. Va., "for the wonerful double benefit I got from Electric Bitters, in curing me of both avere case of stomach trouble andf rheumatism, from which I had,3en an almost helpless sufferer forjn years. It suited my case as thoughlade just for me." For dyspepsia,idisestion, iaundice 3nd to rid thekOFELEGANT CITY RESIDENCE.For the purpos-of winding up fie afTa'rs of ths old firm,;The Paris Lumbei& Mfg. Co., we will sell onTUESDAY, sJULY 11, t9H,t Ivo o'clojk p. m , on t'- i- r ise. the elegant fram" ivsi'J-rce oa the shidfsid of Cy v- c s j , T,- ? i jot? y Cs?. EH:-.The Real Good Farmerf9"Wihick3?.rstem of kidney poisons that cause$ - - ""UTT . . iTr . ... ' ' ' ' .trnTTBTT-iieumatiam, Electric Bitters has ncqual. Try them. Every bottle isottle is guaranteed, to satisfy. Only0" at Oberd.cyfer's.The Best in the Worldx"LJ"I!IP" ";.- "'"Mower' iftfl 'ifl1 I iW I i IZ2S3a WH' agftJSS-.vaiwWW' Mt '" r v -'' .. .A. - " J7;:SS5MKaItpsPpenm!fI1. 1ft.kfcj-iARRES& SPEAKSKEAL ESTATE AGENTSGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. .1 Meet Us Faee to Faceand we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., jClothcsBeautiful) . We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co , Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.&m&3iItekv:wg2K3'5&WlmBro&-SsS:0fewmLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.mWhat BeerftS of the Trousers.Of Judge Carry's many stories of theManchester county court that aboutthe comedy of a man's Sunday trousersis one of the best. In the plaintiffsbox was a woman, in the defendant'san elderly collier. The plaintiff statedher case: "I lent yon mon's missis mytnon's Sunday trousers to pay 'is rentwith, an' 1 want 'em back." The defendant at first replied, "There's nowtin it at all." Pressed for a move definite reply, he scowled at the judge andprotested, "Why, the 'ole street knowsall about them trousers." But JudgePfirrv was not the "ole street," andhe patiently encouraged the defendantto talk until he got the explanation,"Why, yon woman 'an my missis drankthem Sunday trousers." WestminsterGazette.rar.hina Cuttlefish.Cuttlefish require deft handling. Thebait, which consists of a rough chunkof fish fastened to a hook or even tiedto a string, is not dropped, over theside to be swallowed, but to excite thegustatory organs of the cuttles and tobe slowly pulled up until those mollusks have reached the surface in avain attempt to embrace it with theirlong arms. Then in a moment a gaffis plunged into the leathery mantle ofthe would be diner, and the creatureis unceremoniously flung into the boat.His Qualifications.Writing to the leader of a string orchestra, an aspirant for a position wasrequested to state his qualifications.Complying by mail, he said, amongother things:Yours rec'd. I can play the fiddle anasome on tromboan. also zillyfoan. Haveplayed floot at parties, but prefer plckleos.Respt., , - M-p S. Have taken twelve lessons onthe gatar. Would be willing to teach myself the cornit Terms, union raits.Respt.. - M-New York Press.A Paradox.It is said that for horses the hardest road out of London is the mostlevel one. There are no hills to climband descend, and the tired horse hasno chance to rest one set of-muscleswhile another works. Monotony produces fatigue; and because this particular road is one dead, monotonouslevel more horses die on it than onany other leading out of London.Paul W, Goldsbury in the Atlantic.QaK AV fe JimBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Cttloodine Blood and KidneyDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen:- . ,, , .' Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy i nave ever wneu. i ui unruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andbladder irouoie. i nave oniy a. icwiw"of the sample box you sent me, so kindly send(Tablets promptly. .....,. kJt T11Yours truly, i nomas iaymrinuamai i.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Vaden&SonyH19 WE SELLAT RIGHT PRICES WLUMBER. LATHS, BSHINGLES, POSTS, g!SASHES, DOORS, BBLINDS, HARD AND SSOPT COAL, pAGENTS "FOR (ftAmafite jiesfsiigB BTake Your Wheat, Your Corn and Buckwheai to the Grist jMill, 8ut Come Here for Your 3MILL WORK!We are headquarters for everything in that line. Sash, Doors tjgblinds, Storm Doors, Screen Doors, Window Screens, etc., etc.. at glowest prices. (48 TEMPLIN LUMBER CO. ffiSSS SSctK Jxi WASH THAT ITCli AWf.YIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be ulievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at onoe? Would yon not bewilling to spend our labt cent to rindthe cure?But you need not leave home for )these distant springs Kelief is righthere in your own hoir. tovn!A simple wash of O.l of Wintergreen, Thymol and other mgieclientsas compounded only in D. D. D Prescription will bring instant rivief tothat tenible buriiing itch, and If-avsthe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, geTat least a 25-cent bottle today. Wa L3ture you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.Let us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.arden 8 Son.DruggisTsrBSOne LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSgtilar Price $6ESS Close Out atBfew flyi iMlb H HCall while we have your sizeGeo. M9Wi!I,ams9No more tickets given on raffle until further noticemmm&mmmmERmmi8BmHarry E.DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Mathers, ,-F -V-CJ 1I IIBloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. HarrletteWellsAllen.Gaffney.S.C.says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the fitst medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.LOST." Cuff button on streets of Paris. Initials "J. T. P." on same. Finder return to News office and get reward.Administrator's Notice.Z All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properly proven according to law and filed witn theundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indented to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRAN NAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlm"Woodlawn Dairy."Having taken charge of the "Woodlawn Dairy" on the tiethlehem pike, Iwill on i.nd after July 1st, he prepared to deliver fresh milk, cream, butterand buttermilk to all parts of the city.East Tennessee phone 54 ; Home phone79.R.F. COLLIER.FOR RENT.BANK STOCK.If yoa wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 mch'Bm . - E. T. phone 656.House of four rooms, pantry, bath,etc. Located on High between Sixthand Seventh. Apply toJ. B. NORTHCOTT,27 3t E. T. Phone 349.Excursion!NParis, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVLADr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Yarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-& It's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of everv climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun: nor crack in the bitterest cold.It's made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, ILL,Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.rjjjlMIQuestion of Wives.Some men never seem to be able toget on' without their wives, and thenthere are others who do not seem tobe able tO'get on vith-them.Sunday, July 16, '11Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7 :50 a. m. ,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further inform ation apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T.- A;'Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money intg the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & MPf 9g Company,IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main Sts$-'.HornHPhone 12; L T..530PARIS, KY-.L, ,' 'Tmti iitttcm mm ipiiihi iib GfBBmm iii tr,i .iJTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 11, 1911,mLAXATIVE SENTIt may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of letters frommothers and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like MY. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxa-i Baldwin Packing Co., i"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other goodthingswe produce.For sale by all i first-class grocersand'dealers.5Baldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.IWALTERjK1NEW CENTURY. BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every jrraingrowing: country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare : lightness of draft;handiness of operation;durability of construcMADEtion; ability to do perAfect work in any kindof grain; accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of bindermade by the people vio grave theworla its first successful binder, anflnow grive it itsmost successfulone a finder thatiYEBKES &AttendTwinss5Big SaleNow Groins' OnaTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyUEZKClDR. DOLLE,WALJiUT STREET, between 5th a" 6t1x Sts.-'iV Ki0 Regular Graduate In Medicine OverT chronic., 1 -Consultation free and confidential, personally or by letters. Charges low. NERVOUS DEBIIilTY and CONTAGIOUS DISEASES caused by indiscretions and excesses permanently cured. Write me today, explaining yonr disease, and I will send myCO EFCP D4 ' M Jbm. n which 70a will Ind information that will ber W E E BOOK. wcwtfi Iti weight in gold to yon. Book sent sealed in plain"- rapper-free by mail or at office.4KITE TO-DAX TO CTNCTNNATrS OIJ KEUAJBUG SPECIALIST TO MEN.FREE TO TRYtive-tomc that does not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.iiyou have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.j " can DUV a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but belore doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. WB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell ' building,Monticello, 111.IIIWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work.better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billsBYwith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog: describing: it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog:"Thm BestYet"KENNEY.2S2S23TVB27VmxmsmmXm20 Years' Practice Over 1 8 Yrs, in CincinnatiNervousSD60ial DiseasesBros.HTMI!Cured by Ihc Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To, prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, deai and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where ifc is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Buried In Secret.Two ancient kings were buried in secret Attila, king of the Huns, afterhis siege of Rome, died in HungaryA. D. 453. His soldiers, desirous ofgiving their great leader a right royalburial, inclosed his body first in acasket of gold, this in one of silver andthis in one of lead, and transported itinto a desert. There slaves were selected, and under the direction of menwho were sworn to secrecy they dugthe grave of the dead monarch. "Whenthis was accomplished no traces of thespot were left. The slaves were allcruelly slain. 'Alaric, king of the Goths, the celebrated conqueror of Rome, died whenwith his army at Cozenza, south Italy.His men turned the course of a river,interred the body of their sovereign,with much treasure, in its bed andrestored the stream to its channel.No man has ever lighted on the resting place of either of these kings, whoin this respect resemble Moses, ofwhom it is written, "No man knowethof his sepulcher unto this day."Died From Bad Writing.German handwriting attains a degree of illegibility, unknown in Latinscript. A tragic instance of this factwas afforded by the death of JohannBacher, an Austrian musician of thelast century. Bacher spent most ofhis leisure for fifteen years in compiling a history of the Viennese opera."When the manuscript was completedhe submitted it to the Imperial academy, which had promised to publish it.In three months it was returned witha statement that no member of theacademy could decipher it. Bacherthen sought to have it copied, but nocopyist capable of deciphering it wasto be found. As a last resource he determined to dictate his work3 to anamanuensis pnly to discover that thegreater part of the manuscript wasillegible even to himself. The thoughtof his wasted years of labor unhingedhis brain, and in a fit of depression hecommitted suicide.Going Back a Long Way.Pick up any peerage book and youwill find it bristling with ancestralnames whose presence is much moredifficult to explain than that of the flyin the amber. And as you descend inthe social scale the fictions multiplyfrom the pedigrees of the landed gentryto the family trees proudly cherished inhundreds of middle class homes. Butthese lineages, aspiring as they are,are of mushroom growth comparedwith many that are claimed with seeming honesty. At Mostyn hall you maysee a vellum roll, seven yards long,headed by no less famous an ancestorthan "Adam, son of God." Anotherpedigree at the college of heraldsstarts thus modestly with Adam andthe garden of Eilen, and "Wales hasmany a family tree which traces descent with unerring hand from thesame remote origin.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCIeans,edBy a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other "serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and 'all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy. -' G. S. Varden & Son. .-Annoo nee men)I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a-generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle' yourbuildings,' large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordbamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTEROVER 65 YEARSER1ENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.Antrnns sonrtlncr n n!rfiffh Jltld dGSCrintion ma?quIcUly .iscort.im our opinion free whether aninvention 13 probably patentable. Communications Rtnctly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentsent free. Oldest apency for securing patents.Patents taken throuph Slunn & Co. receivespecial notice, witnout cnarge, m tno$A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Lament lrculation of any scientillc journal. Terns. $3 ayear; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.MUNN&Co.361B'oadwa New YorkBranch Office. 625 F St- Washington, D. C.Professional CardsJJ. WTLL.IAM,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander & Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4, and 5, Elk's ld'gParis, - KentuckyJlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669nrrniuargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen.Paris, Ky.Sawm, ,, ,,HKMHrIHEXPIjrjjijra$.5 Round-Trip from ParisAnd All Way Stations, Regular Train 7:43 a. m.,ALL EXPENSES AT HOTEL ONLY $6.50. This includes your board and admission theseveral routes in the Cave. One evening for a promenade or dance.I Grand 3-Days Outing. Write or Phonet t NiMillersburg Military InstituteThe Millersburg Military Institute is located in the heart of the Blue Grassregion of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States Beautifulgrounds and buildings. Hot water heat and electric lights. Athletic groundsaid large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted without examinationto all colleges and universities that admit on ceitificate. Kentuckv State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Cadet3 are given individual attention and the best of instruction.TERMS S300 PER SCHOOL YEAR for Jboard,tuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COL. C. M. BEST, Principal.Millersburg, Bourbcn County, Kentucky.' -. BS-n . W:-y, iOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Shejwing.A. -moderately priced one, too.f you sl'iG looking for "The"Hat you'll find it -in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Martin Bros,,Livery Men,.Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to ,Moyingand Livery Business.The best Bigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.0. X Merman,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting- yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell&, Blakemore Building".920 Main St., 'Phones 586.H jt and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.FOR SALE.1National Cash Register, latestpatern. Will sell ohpap for cash.Uali phone 72S E. T., or address underbigncd. FRENCH THOMPSON.'dt Paris, Ky.AGood stable, cornerTenth and Highstreets. Apply toWM. GR ANNAN,Elks Building.' - - r iMID-SUMMER VACATION TOAMMOTH4 Tuesday, July. smmhhcarnesSuperior Portland Cement carrir.tlie most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack oicrumble. "Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,SiiDerior Portland Cement Co.ONEP-DfiOPdown the throat of a "sapeychicken destroys the worms,and saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chick,diseases.One 50c Bottle oBourbon Poultry CureJIjIios - G'lo'?': - Medicine.Evr' pv' n? r "-.M keep a bott'e ohis c&l- f.-:(ii.ii . -". . . r :-jj booklet oa.Ju'aN o. i - "For Sale by W. T. Brooks.frtc9augBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sore3,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (Botanic.Blood tfalm.) All sympthoms healI quickly. Blood is mase pure and richI completely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healI ing every sore and stopping all aches,j pains and itching, curing the worsti case of blood poison. Druggists pr byi express, $lper large bottle, with dii rections for hone cure. Samplessent tree by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Desoiibe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.CAVE18'4.L. & IN. Ticket AstMost Dansv-fJgMPiJr;UTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY JULY 11, 1911.It9Ilvi1 1-MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. Henry S heeler is among the'Si ek. tMrs. C. D. Tackett is among the-.sick.Mr. H. D. Shy was in Paris on business Saturday.Mr. W. M. Layson was in Carlisleon business Saturday.Mis Nancy Jones is visiting relatives at Mt. Sterling.JAts. H. D. Shy visited relatives atParis from Saturday until Monday.Mr. W. V. Shaw visited relatives atButler from Saturday until Monday.Miss Sallie Doty, cf Paris, spentSaturday and Sunday with relativeshere.Judge T. P. Waddell left Friday fora two weeks' rest in the mountains ofEastern Kentucky., Mrs. Anna Jefferson will leave Wednesday for a protracted visit to relatives in M ason county.Miss Curlie Insko left Friday for aten days' visit to her cousin, Mrs. J.M. Gregory,' at Moorefield.Mrs. Renick and children, of Lexington, arrived Saturday as guests ofDr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller.Miss Maria Smith returned Thursday after a few weeks' visit to relatives at Paris and Lexington.Dr. Floyd Loney, of Chicago, 111.,and Prof. Oley Loney, of Harvard College, are at home for the summer.7Mrs. Susan Roberts, of Carlisle, Iwas the guest of her sister, Mrs. C. .H. Jones, from Saturday to Monday.Miss Florence Vimont will returntoday after a tew weeks' visit to hersister, Mrs. W. A. Munzing at MaysJick. Messrs. F. F. Hurst, Aaron McCcnnell. W. V. Shaw and M. P. Collie--visitedParis Lodge F. & A. M., Friday night.Mrs. L. E. Wagoner and children ofContinental, Ohio, arrived Saturday asthe guests of hpr niece, Mrs. AaronMcConnell.Misses Gladys and Amelia Hurstwill leave Wednesday for a visit totheir grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. EdCochran, at Elizaville.Mrs. J. B. fCray left Saturday forthe bedside of her father, Mr. M. H.Current, who is under treatment at3ood Samaritan Hospital, Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Clark, of Paris,Dan Cohenfs'SDAN COHEN336 Main Street, - Paris, KentuckyAXMiss Lillian Collins, "of Carlisle, andguest Mr. Dan Wright, of Massalion,O., were guests Sunday of Mr. andMrs. C. T. Bannister.Mr. George Howard, of Lexington,was the guest of relatives here Jastweek.The Misses Prather united with theChristian church Sunday night andwere baptized.Mr. Dolphin Bledsue and siBter,MissMollie, of Alabama, are guests offriends and relatives here.Mis. Joe Williams and daughter.Miss Pearl, left Monday for a fewdays' visit to friends at Paris,Misses Ruth and Lois Ardery, ofCynthiana.will arrive today for a visitof two weeks to relatives and frieedshere.Mrs. Turner Perry, who has beenthe guest of her ptarents, Mr. andMrs. Thos. McClintock, left for herhome at Owingsville Monday.Geo. Washington, colored, was shotand wounded in the arm Saturdaynight by John Berry, also colored.The shooting occurred about 10:30o'clock when Berry returned home andfound Washington there in companywith his wife. Washington attemptedto escape and made a hasty exitthrough a window. Berry fired uponthe fleeing man inflicting a slight fleshwound. He was placed under arrestby Marshal Jos. Williams. Berry willhave a hearing thismerning at 10o'clock beforcSquire rj. P. Thomason.Combination Sale Wednesday.A number of pieces of desirablepropeity will be sold at the combination sale Wednesday afternoon, July12. Those who attend h ill receive achance on the room size drugget, porchswing and rocking chair, to be givenaway onfthat day.Two Confess to Killing a Man.The body of an un identified negrowas found early Sunday morning nearthe Louisville & Nashville tracks, justoutside the city limits of Maysville.His pockets were turned inside out andan empty pocketbook lay between hislegs. His skull was cracked and hisface crushed, in. A locust club wasfound near the body. Three suspectswerp arrested and lodged in jail pending investigation. Charles Smith andJames Smith, of Maysville, brothers,also negroes, under the sweatingprocess, confessed Sunday night tohaving murdered the man and takingabout $35 from him... i v . aARE YOU AMONEY SAVER ?Then Wait For Our Great 'fsummeregms-9 (THE BIG ELECTRICJ fWill Go to Louisville.Judge E. B. January will leave thismorning for Lexington where he willjoin other members of a'committee totake charge of the orphans at the OddFellows home in Lexington, who willattend the picnic given in Louisvilletoday. The children number 104. Theorphans from '.the Indiana home willalso attend the picnic."'Crosthwait Heirs File Suit.All the heirs of the late PeiryCrosthwait, with the exception of thedaughter, Miss Lula D. Crosthwait,filed suit in the Fayete Circuit CourtSaturday against Miss Crosthwait asking that eight pieces of property whichMr. Crosthwait owned at the time ofhis death be sold and that the proceedsbe divided among the various heirsaccording to their respective shares.The property which the plaintiffseek to sell belonged to Eleanor J.Crosthwait, the mother of the plaintiffs and the defendant and the firstwife of Mr. Crosthwait. At her deathit passed to Mr. Crosthwait for a lifeestate, with remainder J:o the childrenby his first wife.The plaintiffs say that they havemade arrangements to sell the property at a private sale in order to reducethe cost of making a sale, and that allthe heirs have agreed to the sale except Miss Crosthwait, the defendant.Not Half as Hard.It Is not half as hard to do whatone wants to do most of all, as it isto do that which some one else wantsone to do above all else.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other diseases put together, and until the lastlew years was supposed to be incurable. For a great many years doctorspronounced it to be a local diseaseand prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Science has proven catarrh to be aconstitutional disease and thereforerequires constitutipnal treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufacturedby F, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is the only constitutional cure on themarket. It is taken internally indoses from 10 drops to a teaspoonful.It acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. Theyoffer one hundred dollars for any caseit fails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. &SIGNSTEEL MONSTERSCfSASUEAD ONTHRILLING SPECTACLE PROM-ISED FOR VISITORS AT KEN-TUCKY STATE FAIR.COLD SHIVERS A PLENTYTwo Monster Steel Steam EnginesDash to Certain Destruction inFull View of Spectators.Seldom is it that any community isafforded an opportunity to witnesssuch an ambitious and thrilling performance as is promised the crowdsin attendance at the Kentucky StateFair on Saturday, September 16. whenthe spectacle is provided of two monster steam engines, started under afull head of steam and permitted tocrash head-on in full view of the spectators A. sight such as this is sufficient to cause the most stolid of persons, he with the nerves of steel, toinvoluntarily shudder and flinch asthe collision occurs.The hiss of escaping steam, thebursting of the great boilers, J;he rending of the formidable iron pars, thetearing and crashing and grinding oftwisted masses of steel are even inspiring in the terrible force which accompanies them.The sight of the two mountains ofmachinery rushing headlong into eachother's embrace is sufficient to freezethe blood in one's veins, and sendshivers of fear rushing up and downthe spinal columns, despite the knowledge that there is no personal danger.The sensations resulting arc intensebut it is such as these tn?.t the human family is seeking to day, and nomore spectacular offering coi'ld beprovided to satisfy the ever presentdesire for something out of the ordinary. The engines arc placed on oppositeends of a track built especially forthe purpos3. The fires are started,the steam is produced, the throttlesare thrown open, and the two monsters are started to physical destruction by engineers who leap to safetybefore the impact comes.PREMIUM LIST FORCREAMERY BUTTERNEW DEPARTURE FOR KENTUCKY STATE FAIR CERTAINTO MAKE HIT.i Nursery cultivation is proving notonly one of the most fascinating of, studies in the rural sections of Ken, tucky but it also is developing intoone of commercial importance whichis taking high rank. To those interested it will be good news to learnthat the Kentucky State Fair management has decided to offer temptingpremiums for nursery displays in connection with plant and flower department. This is another of the entirely newdepartures which have been decidedupon for the big Kentucky State Fairof 1911. It is along the lines of progress and improvement which makecertain that the Kentucky State Fairnot only will maintain its lead in thesouth but that it will take its rightfulplace among the great state exhibitions of Indiana, Iowa, Illinois, Minnesota and others to the north.PERMANENT BUILDING ININTEREST OF HEALTHThe campaign for health beingwaged the country over is to be aidedmaterially by the establishment on thegrounds of the Kentucky State Fair, atLouisville, of a permanent healthbuilding, the cost of which will be paidby the Jefferson county fiscal court.Dr. W. Ed Grant, city health officer ofLouisville, and Dr. "W. B. Smock, Jef-ferson county health officer, took upthis matter with the fiscal court andsecured the appropriation. The federalgovernment has agreed to send a corpsof instructors to Kentucky each yearduring the fair to deliver lecturesdealing with the problem of health.PRIZE WINNERS' PARADEONE OF BIG FEATURESLivestock, Bedecked in Ribbons,March Around Pavilion to Delight of Audience.What has always been one of theJ most interesting of all the features inconnection with the Kentucky StateFair was the grand parade of prizewinning livestock around the ring inthe pavilion building. This feature isto be given more attention this yearthan ever. It will be started at twoo'clock on the afternoon of Friday,September 15.This parade is an imposing one, notalone from the amount of money represented by the premiums, but-becauseof the great amount represented inthe value of all the winners combined.The slow moving, ribbon bedecked cattle seem aware of their oommercialimportance as they trudge around thering, while the sleek, carefully groomed horses of high degree prance alongas if more than conscious of theirgrace and breeding.Collie dogs, running and barking atthe crack of the whips of their masters, ponies and costly sheep and hogs,all combine to make a show equal toany presented during the week. It isa source of pride to those who ownthe prize winners and a stimulus toothers to enter their stock in futureKentucky's First Electrocution.The first Texecution under the newlaw providing electrocution in place ofhnging took plaace at the state penitentiary at Eddyville Saturday and italmost caused the death of two persons instead of one. Prison physicianR. H. Moss stepped forward to feelthe pulse of the negro who formed thefirst subject before the current hadben cut off. A warning yell from thepenitentiary electrician did not stopthe doctor, who misunderstood thecaution and still advanced. A second"warning had to be given, before heunderstood. The negro, James Booker,murdered a policeman at Lebanon.Insure with W. O. HintonlPrompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfis now a summer as wellas a winter remedy. Ithas the same invigoratingand strength-producing effect-insummer as in winter.Try it in a little cold milk orwater.ALL DRUGGISTSUd) Bigger and Better Than Ever wINIlYJO.XGUI8V:SEPTEMBER 11, 12,FIX BE THERE-THRILLING FREE ACTS DA1LY--RACING - - LIVE STOCK SHOW--FINEHORSES - - GOOD MUSIC--CLEAN MIDWAY - EDUCATION--HEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MOKE GLASSES AD LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information cr catalogue write to&Free!$1 ClockWith every purchase cf $10or over, for 30 days only.Big Reductions on Clothing, Shoes,Hats, Trunks, and Suit Cases. -WATCH OUR WINDOWS FOR SPECIALS.THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY.f Our Line of Sterling Sil-lver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.RFfMFIWIRFt? THIiThe "House of Quality" only car- 1riesthe very best in Solid Silver II' ww w w.. v -w J V V4.AAJT VAAAXAjfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.Both Phones.Saves two Lives."Neither my sister nor myself mightbe living today, if jt had not been forDr. King's New Discovery ."writes A.D. McDonald, of Fayetteville, H, C,R. F. D. No. 8, "for we both hadfrightful coughs that no other remedycould help. We were told my sisterhad consumption. She, was veryweak and had night sweats but yourwonderful medicine completely curedus both. It's the best I ever used orheord of." For sore lungs, coughs,colds, hemorrhage, lagrippe, asthma,hay fever,croup, whooping cough, allbronchial troubles, its supreme. Trialbottle free. 50c and $1. Guaranteedby Oberdoefer.BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 men 3m " E. T. phone 656.idministrator's Notice," All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properly proven according to law and filed with theundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmAJMJLLAJLi09913, 14, 15, 16, 1911.I WILL YOU?IfPa siPERRY M. SHY, Secretary,No. 320 Paul Jones BuildingJFree1or WatchM IIIBIIIHMI competitions.r'i