- t 77 -;r ,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR&KVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY; NOVEMBER 17, 1911LTHE BOURBON NEWS.i',For To-day andSaturday,IThe Last two days ofour Sale we offer$25, $30 and $35Suite at$14.75SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis, Kentucky! fiHntlMBBMAflBHiflJai;-f ISif&&&&.5 Now Is The Time toLay in Your Winter Supply of Groceries.$4?14 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00 Wftv'li 9 Bars Lenox Soap , 25c fjw Full qt. canKaro Syrup . 10c W$ 3 Boxes Argo Starch ;i..ii:.t2.:ii 10c faP Picnic Haras, per lb .-. : lie WSTORY OF A BASHFDL MAN AND ADEMURE MAIDENThat Begins Back East and EndsHere Generous Uncle BillGives Timely Advice toHis Newly MarriedNiece.In a remote hamlet back east lived ademure maiden and a bashful man, whohad for some years been living withbut one and the same object beforethem. Both were hopeless victims of"love microbes," that were doing themost effectual work under the direction of Cupid himself.Finally Harry suddenly woke up oneday and decided that procrastinationwas the thief of time and bliss andhe immeidately set about to bring matters to a focus. Very soon there wasa wedding, and it wasn't much longerbefore their uncle BilfTaylor.of Paris,wrote effusively of what he termed"grit" and proposed that If they would'locate here, he would start them up inlife. Very soon they began to bid loved ones adieu and were soon speedingin this direction.When the train pulled in, generousUncle Bill was at the depot to greetthem and welcome a much elatedcouple, and after hearty congratulation, he conducted them straightwayto the Windsor.It was at breakfast the next morning while partaking of a temptingmenu that was being politely served,that Uncle Bill first unfolded his planato the appreciative newcomers obligating himself, first of all to build andfurnieh for them a modern home."But in the meantime," h said "youwill find this hotel a pleasant andagreeable place to live, since it iswidely known as our best appointedand a most jealously managed hoteland a favroite with the "Knights ofthe Grip" under the good managementof Evans W. Floyd who personallylooks after the welfare of thosejunderitsoof:"Come," said the generous uncle,i (Continued On Page 3)J 'r.. iW ?HBHBi WBHP SHHpraWE KNOW MOW"Pure Hog Lard, per lb12cRELIGIOUS.(riffifcOVERCOATSyercoat Time Is Here And As 1They say on Wall Street, "We Are Long on Cat$ mat a Short Price." $10, $12.S0 and $15 will buymn All-Wool Overcoat cut 52 ' and 24 inches long,made with the Verto Collar, Single or Double tuBreasted, Belted Backs or Plain, cut good and full,just the kind that you want when the cold blast ofWinter begins to blow. These coats we are making leaders of, and if you will stop in our store andtry a few of these coats on you will be convincedof our statement. Our personal guarantee withevery coat sold. Take a look at the window andnotice a few of the patterns -which we are showingin this strong line of Overcoats, -Stetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, Guaranteed PatentrLeather Shoes for Men. Lookus up.Mitchell & Blakcmore,iOutfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyti5$ Good Cooking Apples 20c pk. or $1.751bbl. SjT - , , . t Ai a r- rJ. ' The General Association of Ken-W 5 gal. best Coal Ull- 45c yff tucky Baptists is in session at Padu-A ft cah. "."""""""""" T1 1-1 SI T- .jxev. &. j. n. mann, or Lexington, is holding a meeting at Mt. Carmel church.Rev. J. M. Maxon will be in hispulpit at the Episcopal church Sundaymorning at 10 :45 and afternoon at 4o'clock.i$4ftASft4mUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,STGD IIIIIIIllll M i U .Lll IlLllXl '1 1 1 11 1 1I 1I1III! I ll II 1 1 I 111 IIII1I11 1 111 tl I III I (1II1I1 1 II 11 III 1 1 M 1IIIIII IllIIIDMHIIfUinillMilltrillll IllipasiSsr:iywwmmMmMm.mmmr.mmmmmm&mmMmm,rm .iw m - - - ' -m - -'" - 'f- - '- - M ' - - ' 'J - -"- ' ' ' - --u '"" M" T i 4 "--"' - ' - - ---.-- . - ,m . ,r fTlT- r ' rM"m$m$mm'mMmMmmm&&mr5t?GSE2&m9WMr??tzs.mBoys' Overcoats!Top Overcoats in all Shades, 4 to 10 yr. old,$3.50 to $6Long Overcoats in the Latest Fabrics andand Colors, 6 to 1 2 yr. old,$2 to $7-50iilKmmmmiWkJxWe Have Everything in Men's Underwear,fall Weights, Heavy Weights and' Royal Plush,$1 to $4 a Suitas:iMvkmfe.;vGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.mlib$m5)V "lrthisrc feWill Return to Bourbon.Mr. Jos Houston, who for the pastyear has resided in Clark county, hasrented of Mr. James McClure his farmon the Cynthiana pike, in this county.Possession will be given March 1, 1912.Royal Arch Degree Conferred.The Royal Arch Degree in Masonrywas conferred upon Elder Carey E.Morgan, Messrs. Harry Collins andHarry Baldwin, of this city, and OllieSnapp, of Nicholas county, at theMasonic Hall Tuesday night.Pay Car.The L. & N. pay car made itsmonthly visit to Paris yesterday gardening the hearts of its employes bydistributing among them a conisderable sum in money in salaries.Farmer Dies Suddenly.M. Demillion L. Bobbins, .aged 54years, a highly respected farmer ofthe Little Rock vicinity died of hearttrobule at hisjiomeiabout half past teno'clock Tuesday night.Mr. Robbins had not been well forabout two weeks, though the membersof his family were not at all apprehensive as to his condition and his deathwas unexpected and sudden.He was a native of Bourbon county,as were his father, Laban T. Robbins,and his mother, who before her marriage was Miss Nancy Piper.His daughter, Miss Mabel Robbins,who is County -School Superintendent,resides in Paris with Mrs. G W. Ellison Cypress street." She was greatlyshocked by the news ot her father'sdeath and left immediately for herhome.Mr. Robbins is survived by his wife,who was Miss Mary Gibson, to whomhe had been married about thirty-threeyears, and seven children, Messrs.Jas. Li., of North Middletown, Carl.,of the Winchester Daily News, Thursman and Brayn Robbins and MissesNannie Belle, Mabel and Willie Robbins. The funeral was held at the familyresidence yesterday morning at 10o'clock. Services conducted hv ElderL. H. Reynolds, with Masonic funeral ig&rites at the grave in the North Middle-' &rtown cemetery. j ygfiThe pall-bearers were Mesrss. W. P. AE5B1Bryan, J. E. Boardman, J. D. Turley, vT H. RpiH J f! Rrvun nnH T M 5t2lSTJLFRANK & CO.he Store Where Reliability Reigns.a d -Reduced PricesonSuits, Cloaksr.t'Z'.4S5?2gtx,1,and Skirtsatjs ..h .Frank & Co.I Paris, - - . Kentucky ' IiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiUMrminininniiimmmiiuiiuiiimmi iiniiiiiiiiiiiiLinuiiiuiuiiiiiiiMiiiimiuiiiuHiuiiiUitMiBiinx AfIPkoo " 'Smui g -: SIStiSSJffiSrKB KWKU1M$$$.:wtv ja mt.rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 17, 1911.MMMMHMMMHMMmALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.THE BOURBON NEWSStrong Healthy WomenIf a woman is strong and healthy in a womanly way, motherhood means to her but little suffering. The trouble liesin the fact that the many women suffer from weakness anddisease of the distinctly feminine organism and are unfittedfor motherhood. This can be remedied.Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionCures the weaknesses and disorders of women.It acts directly on the delicate end importantorgans concerned in motherhood, making themhealthy, strong, vigorous, virilo end elastic."Favorite Prescription" banishes the indispositions of theperiod of expectancy and makes baby's advent easy andwill not be yours unless youhave a sario" stove as artisticas It is serviceable. Have a,ook at tbe stoves in tbis bardware store. They are brightBOTH 'PHONES, 124. . NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ownerrag and attractive and really betterfEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poaoilice as Second-elasa Mail Matter.heat makers than the ugliestjld stove 6u evor saw. Prettiucss costs nothing either.Pl.-iin Ftovcs rnnnot be boughtcheaper.Established in 1 88 1 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.clmost painless. It quickens and vitalizes me icmimneorgans, and insures a healthy and robust baby. Thousands of women havetsstified to its marvelous merits.It Makes Weak Women Strong. It Makes Sick Women WelhHonest druggists do not offer substitutes, and urge them upon you as justcs rfood." Accept no secret nostrum in place of this non-secret remedy. Itcon'tains not a drop cf alcohol and not a grain of habit-forming or injuriousdrugs. Is a pure glyceric extract of healing, native American roots.LOWEY & TALBOTT.7 ,PK WWf. pii J.-f. hPfM SlS&T Sfefc...v-v --v-5kja jZi'ii i&?5r?Z? -vr?'.?- . TourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.ourbonParis, Kentucky.'lllLL. -v.- .. ' -tXfc.-SrJ Htk 6 new today. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.vYOVAH-HJHZg&K&22V"BLOODMGREATEST REMEDY1IN THE WORLDrD n niRE OF ALLE5 ARIilNu fwBLOOD."8r je.JIT GIVES NEW LIFfc awuSTRENGTH TO ELDERLYPEOPLE, DELICATE WOMEN.AND TENDER BOYS ANDGIRLS. '' """" flf&r i mBbuTvSB ant At men etsttatlcuaaUODNEY.UVEK u4 BLADDER DBEASES. CATARRH.ASTHMA. RHEUHATOH.GOUT, LA GKMTE. tor.SUMPTION. DYSPEPSIA, fiCONSTH'ATION. HEART JDBEASE, MALARIA, illNSLVCUS DEBILITY. JQIM'llrr virus danced gjiims. .. j- M"il-Iftl.J'J"rtftf.VLrTHE BLOOD1NE CO,WWW, BeSUH.V4'win. .i- "'wSKi'F njmM.-wr-sf5rniint'Fg:sLaundrywkifA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,g'.T;saMryniMwarSiatfTaw 2uri--i?-,-AdM:zK2BSSB JTRYe-BLOODiNEWfll Help YoitvTo Regain Your Strength!and Energy 'Eepart oi the Hee.a PhyeJclan laa Leading New York Hoeplta.1on the Cure of Catarrh."A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto ns. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladderand Uretha, Catarrh of the large intestines. Catarrh of the Larynx, PelviaCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andi;aTjarrn oi une otomacn are quicKiycured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewf'pciinB n-t-rrao nan? onarmr nam Kfanew blood and strength to any part ofthe body attackedgerms."by the Catarrhal. Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluaole tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanent:relief or cure the cause of your disease.;"Bloodineisa powerful body buildert and blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE - To tirove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents in flitf ver or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodine CoepoeatioiT, Boston, Mas.W. T. Ercoks, Agent.$2.00. Payable inGovernor's Thanksgiving Proclamation.'j" Governor Wilson Tuesday iEsued Ithefollowing Thanksgiving proclamation."By the custom of our father all ofthe years since sixteen hundred andthirty-nine, and following the proclamation of the President of the UnitedStates, I appoint and set aside Thursday, the 30th day ui November, 1911,as a day of thanksgiving to our Godfor His bounty and his blessings. Ourcountry has been spared the trials ofwar and the burdens of sorrow andsuffering. We have enjoyed the blessings of peace and of a high degree ofhappiness and generous gifts."No civil disorders have broughtsorrow or shame to oui Commonwealth. We have kept the covenant ofthe law with each other and with curMaker. We 'have maintained peace,neighborly good will and friendshipthroughout the boundaries of the Commonwealth without reproach. We haveenjoyed the blessing of liberty andcomplete freedom under the law. Thepublic peace and the fair name of thestate have not been marred by feuds orlawless bands. Our people have worked together with mutual good will andhonest respect for each other's opinions, faith and feelings, as they neverdid before."The solid foundation of safe gove -nment laid by our fathers has upheldour institutions and fulfilled the justexpcetations of our forefathers. Ourcros have given rich returns for thelabor of the farmer. Our lactonesjhave prcduced a great output. All ourbusmts3 interests have prospered, andfor all these gifts and blessings to ourcountry and old Kentucky, I call uponour people to gather in their homesand churches and render piaise andthanks to our Lord."Given under my hand and the sealof the state at the capitol at Frankfortthis 13th day of November 1911, andof the independence of the United!States 136th"AUGUSTUS E. WILLSON."Governor ot Kentucky."Is the World Growing Belter?Many things go to prove that ib is.The way thousands are taying to helpothers is proof. Among them is Mrs.W. W. Gould, of Pittsfield, N. H.Finding good health by taking Electric Bitters she now advises othersufierers everywhere to take themr.'For years I suffered with stomachand kidney trouble," she writes."Everv medicine I used failed till Itook Electric Bitters. But this greatremedy helped me wonderfully."They'll help an3r woman. They arethe best tonic and liver and kidneyremedy that's made, Try them. You'llsee. 50c at Oberdorfer's.Pulitzer's Will.The will of Joseph Pulitzer, the NewYork newspaper man was probated inNew York a few days ago. The willprovides for an additional gift of onemillion dollars for the establishmentof a cshool of journalism at ColumbiaUniversity under certain conaitionsand many unusua prizes and scholarships. The newspaper properties except one-tenth are given to his sons intrust. The other tenth is to be heid intrust for deserving employes.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfOne of Life's Regrets.Among the lesser regrets that mingle vith graver sorrow for the friendsof an earlier generation we have lostare our omissions to ask them somany questions they could have answered so easily and would havebeen pleased to be asked. O. W.Holmes.Foot Rot ASSects Sheep Raising.There were 597,921 sheep and lambsfhioDtd out of the state of KentuckyI from May 1 to October 31, which included ths bulk of the lamb crop torthe year accoiding to the report of Dr.A. J. Payne to the Live Stock Sanitary Boftr.i.Dr. Pa n2 reported that the mostserious question confronting the sheepgroweis of this stzte is lhat ot thp legand ill pwf rion.or old fas! i;r.cd footri . An inspection of 47 herds showst!iit lJ,i47 htt.d were badly ir.fcittd in19 c unties.lt wilj only be a short time until themajor portion of this state is releasedfrom the quarantine affecting sheep,as Dr. Payne reports that the year'swork is practically completed in 93counties of the state. Up to November 1 there have deen 731,647 inspections o sheep, 43,000 of which havebeen found to be infected with scabiesand all have been dipped.The present time the counties ofHarlan, Knott, Leslie Letcher, Martin, Perry, Pike, Laurel, Clay' andKnox are not co-operating with theGovernment ocffiials, and wor in theseccuntips has hardly been started. Thereare 36,253 sheep in those counties.ONE YEAR,51.00CAUSE FOR ALARM.Loss of Appetite or DistressAfter Eating a SympthomThat .Should Not BeDisregarded.Appetite is just a natural desire forfood. Loss of appetite or stomach distress after eating indicate indigestionor dyspepsia. Over eating is a habitvery dangerous to a person's generalhealth.It is not what you eat but what youdigest and assimilate that does yougood. Some of the strongest, heaviestand healthiest persons are moderateeaters.19 There is nothing that will cause moretrouble than a disordered stomach, andmany people daily contract seriousmaladies simply through disregard orabuse of the stomach.We urge all in Pam who suffer fromany stomach derangement, indigestionor dyspepsia.whether acute or chronic,to try Hexall Dyspepsia Tablets, withthe distinct understanding that we willrefund their money without questionor formality, if after reasonable useof this medicine, they are not perfectly. satisfied with the results. We recommend them to our customers everyday, and have yet to hear of any cnewho has not been benefited Dy them.We honestly believe them to be without equal. They give very prompt relief, aiding to neutralize the gastricjuices, strengthtn the digestive organs, to regulate the bowels, and thusto promote perfect nutrition, and eradicate all unhealthy sympthoms.We urge you to try a 25 cent box ofRexall Dyspepsia Tablets, which gives15 days treatment. At the end of thattime, your money will be returned toyou if you are not satisfied Of course,in chronic case length of treatmentvaries. For such cases we have twolarger sizes, which sell for 50 centsand $1. Remember, you can obtainRexall Remedies in this communityonly at our store The Rexall Store.G. S. Varden & Son.Convicts Rival ior Presidency.Henry Youtsey, serving a Life sentence for killing Governor WilliamGoebel, ana Curtis Jett, also serving alife sentence for killing Jim Cockrelland J. B. Marcum, both in the Kentucky pen, are rival candidates for thepresidency of the .Christian EndeavorSociety within the prison.Heretofore politics has not enteredinto the races lor the offices of the religions societies, but this year Youtseyhas the backing of the Republicansand disgruntled Democrats and Jettthe support of the Democrats and progressive Republicans.Youtsey and Jett were rival candidates laBt year and after the electionJett applied to Warden Mudd for acontest. Every precaution is beingmade for a fair election.Whitman's Candies.New stock of Whitman's fine boxcandies jusi recieved.VARDEN & SON.THEATRICAL.Dante's "Inferno" which will appear at the Gtand in this city on November 29 and 30, with a matinee onThanksgiving day, is running thisweek at the Opera House in Lexington. Oi the production the LexingtonHerald says:"The entertainment is an animatedfilm reproduction of the divine comedy, the masterpiece left by the melancholy Italian poet as his literary monument to all the ages. It is hardlynecessary to attempt anything like adetailed account of the inspiration ofthe poem or what it contains, as it isso well known and so unique in its contents as to make the one unnecessaryand the other all but imp' ssible. It issufficient to say that the coirpanywhich produced the film not only perfected an undertaking th&t was stupendous and overcame cbaraclt-s thatseemed insurmountable, but expendtda fortune in the enterprise."The film tells trie st.-ry v ith wonderful fidelity to the lines end impresses the poem upon the auut . itn allthe spectacular hoirofr 0- fhe darir.gstrttuh of imagination that nas madeDante immo-tal."The fcenes, from the tim thesp.ir.ted Beatrice appears to !aiite cladin the nabiliments of lipht titl the pjetand hi3 trusted guide, vai, emergeand again "behold the ti. . ." t.kesthe beholder throuKb uat Dartsimagined was the real-u f eternalpunishment and its horrors are asthrilling as the depiction i'j spectacular. "The experience of thr beholder ashe takes the unique excursion u rour-Hades, if taken to heart ard to st riots(contemplation, will eithr rotider Li.tI a manic or a saint, beca-: ,t re tehopelessly unregenerated tt.r forecastof his future is filled with r.vror exquisite enough to unbalance, whereasif he oe a sinner who caa cm reclaimedhe will probably set a best it for fearof the desperate consqeuor'-ei. "SIX MONTHSAdvanceGEO. W. DAVISFDNERAl DIRECTOR AND HCENSED EPALME8.BOTH'PHXKNES DAY137; NIGHT 299.rnnY-,y!TCT,tOTg'OTemi8The Best is nonef"miand make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Sgs&cSS3Z!&East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service jou 'HAVE telephone service."The East . Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiTilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 5U Main Street.Office, Phones j HomekE. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs30verJVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. tl KELIiBB,Practicing Physician,OfficesRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, ... - KentuckyHot and ColdATMS'Hot and cold'baths. jEverything neat'land clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next. ,M. A. KAHAL.Bloodine E- A- Cross, 516 GlasgowVuros Says: "My WifeRheumatism Has used Bloodine forv Rheumatism with the mostgratifying: results, after many other remedieshave tailed to ao ner any gooa, sne nnas i; givesher strength and a good appetite. 1 nave used itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good.'VW. T. Brooks, Agent.too good for you.mFruit and Shade Trees.Shrubs.AsaraguSj Rhubarb, Peonies,Roses, Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. b HILLENMEYER & SONS,3 oct 2m Lexnigton, KyFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms dn EastMain street.mrs. Elizabeth c. Rogers.A Efeff mmmmWEBSTER'SNEWINTERNATIONALDICTIONARYTHE MERRIAM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in zsingle book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page.400,000 "Words. 2700 Pagea.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this mostremarkable single volume.FffJfrTf"5. Writs for samplepages, lull particulars, etc.Name thispaper andwo willsend freea set ofPocketMaps.&C.MTkaCSpringfield, Maas.1ny'Wui -llllilllk o&, 1 ZmtrGmi-JKmmmr1 aM5sssk1iI 1i - -NTHE BOURBON EWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV, 17, i911.&-'3LumumCured by the M irve of theCentury, B. ,B. B. Tested for30 Years., Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood with ,pare;tlotonical Ingredients. To proveit we wui seuu. vuu a. o-i.au.irijruTREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg, jaching back or shoulder blades, swol- ,Ten muscles, difficulty in moving jaround so you have to use crutches ; (blood thin or skin pale ; skin itches iand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic Blood IBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery svmptnom, because s. s. Jo,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm, jrich pure blood direct to the paralyz- 'ed neryes. bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it is 'needed, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B.B.B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheamedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bot-we, WlUl ...lecuuiu, iui iiumc uuie.S.snp.svnt free by writing Blood; -.Tii tree oyAtlanta,Ga. Describey ;i r"gi .:!tu.5p -nd free medical adviceZi. Ly Varden & Son.Bloodine Cures Strains, BruisRheumatic es, Sprains. Rheum-I Liniment atic pains, Pains intne neso, same anaBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.W. T. Brooks, Agent.nnniMnHiHmcTHE PARISQvicK Lunch andRestaurantThe Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.IBloodineCoughCheckerLoosens the phlegmimmediately and permanently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and 31.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Cement For Sale.' jWe have a few barrels of first class jceraenc leit tnat we win sen oeiow memarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G.CO.BLOODPO!SOCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical uigiedents. To prove it we will send v u aSAMPLE TREATMENT 1-kEli.'If you have ulcers, eating sores, Iitching humors, swellings, mucus jpatches. Imne, pains, off ensive pimples'or eruptions, take B. B. B. (Botanic jBlood i aim.) All sympthoms heal .quickly, blood is mase pure and rich Icompletely changing the entire body jinto a clean, healthy condition, heal-ing every sore and stopping all aches, ;pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, &1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice giveH.Sold by Varden & Son.Announcement,I have locatpd in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContra ctingand !Building Business.:NI have been a builder for the pa3t' instli11 the fixtLrea PJt on the doort-venty years, and can handle your J bels and give us chindeli r and fixbjildings. large or small. I will be j tares exnuifite in taste and appro pri-&ibu to luiuiDij yu esimrdiea on snorc;.notice. The best of references fur -nished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call UDHome hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTER: STORY OF A BASHFit ANDBE5IURE MAIDEN(Continued From Page 1)"rising from the breakfast table, thepieasure is now mine to introduce youto our town, your future home. Then,too, I want to arrange to build thenew house right away. And of course,it is important that we select a pleasant and healthful location, where wemay have agreeable environmentsabout U3." Uncle Bill was soon aBtirand the joung people were eager andbeaming with expectancy. "First wewill go in and confer with Harris &Speakes, our well informed and wideawake real estate dealers here, where. . .. , , ,. . fc . , ,1S always llsted tne best residence andbusiness properties in town, or in thecountry about, who will honestly rep-re3entsame." Just a Httln later theJ . , , ,.tr, were courteously received at theoffice and it wasn't long before Harris& Speakes had a check for an attrac-H rpsMpnpp :. nn wh:nh TTncle.,, , , ,mjl Wlli ac once nave erecteu a nanu-some residence."Now I am at sea," said Uncle Bill.j "It beats all how houses are built these' days, considering the way they built; them fifty years ago. Why.the modern'houses of today hae conveniences and. comforts that one of my time neverdreamed of. But I know who can helpus out of this dilemma," said he, sud' denly remembering George Erion as aman of original idess and good tasteI in practical architecture and also asbeing actively associated with thebuilding interest here. George Erionj very soon had the plans ready for aj pretentious $5,000 residence for thebride. It is a rennaisance of Corinthian effect, symmetrical in appeari ance and commodious to a degree in1 its interior arrangement, and is justwhat the bride had longed for. Theconstruction of which will at once be, begun., "Good lumber and good material go, hand in hand with good workmanshipwhen it comes to building a goodho.se," said Uncle Bill, "for much depends upon the quality of the millworkused in obtaining a pretty finishedeffect. Now about the lumber, millwork and sundry requisites comingunder this heading. I am going to seethe Stivers Lumber Company, our liveand best exponent of lumber and building material here. The yards, shedsand ware rooms are always filled withrough and dressed lumber of all dimensions, and the manifold items in building material, adequate to meet the demands of the exacting public." It isneedless to say that the Stivers Lumber Company did furnish the bill oflumber and every item for the wholejob. Uncle Bill-remarked that hefound these people very prompt andagreeable to do business with."About plumbing," remarked UncleBill, we cant' use too much care, forgood neaith and many comforts are dc-pendent upon sanitary plumbing andscientific ventilation and heating; andwhen coupled with the use of porcelainbath tubs, good sinks, and handsomeand appropriate fixtures to say nothing of the convenience, they combinea pleasing interior finish which ismost desirable. Now to avoid encountering any trouble in after years 1am going to have John J. Connellsexecute the plumbing and heating contracts, said Uncle Bill". Then we canexpect a square deal, for this is thekind of reputation that John J. Connelly has won with a cognizant publicfar doing things."it is the task of the painter anddecorator too that counts very much inobtaining artistic and harmonious results, "chipped in the bride. For," saidshe, "it is the painting'and decoratingwhen executed by capable artisiansthat augments the attractivness ofboth the exterior and the interior ofthe house, 'rendering it pleasant andniviting.""Then," interrupted Uncle Bill,"I'lltake no chances on botchery, but I'llseeDaugherty about these. Theyare artists with the brush, employingall the time competent men who wieldthe brush with dexterity, and if wegive the painting, contract anddecorating to the Daugherty's we canrest assured of getting good workmansnip and a well finihsed house, paintedand decorated in ship-shape and entime too, at a rpasonable cost."In my earlier days remarked UncleBill, the practical use of electricitywas unknown ; it did not enter into thei construction of a building at all, but itI is uirerent today, the conveniencesthat it affords are manifold Nowabout the elctrica! equipment for ournew house: I am going to see G. A.Hill & Bro , who will wire the house..rttcre . " ' ""exect Hettie will want electric curlj ing iions and flat irons toj. G. A.' Hill & Bro. do even thine electric!and i3 equipped for subserving therbe'star.d interest of the people as an' j(Continued on' Page 4)" :WOMAN FINDS NEGROBURGLAR UNDER BEDIntruder Took a Snooze and HisSnoring Awakened Occupant of the Room.Memphis, Tenn. Awakened at 3o'clock in the morning by loud andprolonged snoring coming from underher bed, Miss Frances King retainedher presence of mind when she discovered an armed burglar under -herbed. She crept out of the room andBurglar Under the Bed.quletlycalled the next door nelgn-bors. .She stood guard with a feather 'duster until J. M. Prescot and J. A. and lDolan Atwell, with revolvers, ran Ui Jthe scene. Grabbing the negro by the 'feet they pulled him from under thebed. Ho gave a big yawn and thentried to flourish his revolver, but was .quickly subdued. He was taken to thepolice station. The negro stated that ,he had entered the house and con- jcealed himself, Intending to "gebusy" after the household was asleep; ,but he fell asleep himself. IFAINTS AT SIGHT OF HIMSELFHermit, After 40 Years, Sees Face InMirror, Then Beats It toBarber Shop.Pittsburg, Pa. For the first timesince 1S70 Jacob Steinman, a hermitliving back of Reserve township, sawhimself a few days ago in a mirror.He immediately fainted and when revived hustled to a barber shop andgot a shave, an experience he had nothad in forty years.For the first time since he was ayoung man Steinman came to townand visited his cousin, Mrs. SaranMcCune, in Perrysville avenue. It wasthere by accident that he glanced intothe mirror. "Great Scott!" he exclaimed, and topplid over. When revived he remarked: "What a greatFainted at Sight ofchange has come over me since I sawmyself in a fishing pond just fortyyears ago." Then he seized his hatand ran to the nearest barber shop,where he was shorn of his beard,which was three feet long.SHE POSED AS A "MAN"Successful Disguise Penetrated After49 Years When Woman Is Orderedto Asylum.Lebanon, Ore. Only after sne hadbeen ordered committed to the atateinsane asylum by the Linn countycourt was the discovery made thatRay Leonard, sixty-two years eld, anold resident of Lebanon, has for fortynine years been masquerading aa aman. During this time it had neverbeen suspected by the woman's trlendsthat she waa not a man.Leonard 'went to Lebanon in 18S9with his or her father, saying thatthey were fro mMaine. Botb workedas shoemakers, and when Uifc fatherdied eight years ago Ray 'continuedthe shop alone.Several eccentricities were noted inRay Leonard. One of Uiese wa3 .iat"he" never went out of the shop, dayor night, except for meals, ana "he"always refused to vote at elections.ay Leonard talked andV man, smoked a pipe andoacco.,Himself.IChildish Belief, fYes, children believe plenty of queerthings. I suppose all of you have Ibad the pocketbook fever when youwere little! What do I mean? Why.ripping up old pocketbooks In thefirm belief that bank" bills to an im- lmense amount were hidden In them. ,So, too, you must all remember some 1splendid unfulfilled promise of somebody or other, which fed you withhopes perhaps for years, and whichleft a blank in your life which noth- ,Ing has ever filled up.- Holmes. 'wnwCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for i'30 Years.. Hawking, spitting, foul breath, dis-charges of yellow matter permanent- ,.ly cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it, we will send yoa a, SAMPLE TREATMENT REECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayI of bones, kilk ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches lo gen- ') eral debility, idiocr and insanity. Iti needs attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.), It is a quick, radical, permanent! cure becauft it rids the system ot theI poison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.) 'purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B. "' sends a tinslinir flood of warm. rich.. pure blood direct to the paralyzed 'nerves, and parts affected by catarr-,hal poison,, giving warmth, and (i strength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingi cure of catarrh in all its forms,j Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largeI bottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing Blood' Balm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Jlnnk LmqhornManicuring 35 Cents, ,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglOtf East Tenn. Pho e 6t9NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!MarketPrice I amHides:Paying ForBeef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2!Cents per lb.MAX MUN1CK,Sth Street, PARI, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374CAUSE AND REMEDY.Uncertainty ,of the immediatefuture is looked upon by many menof affairs, as a blockade to enterprise and business prosperity, andthis blockade is now quite apparentthroughout the channels of trade.The Presidential Election; theefforts of Congress with no fixedpurpose; Organized Labor as a newfactor in politics; together withother matters of greater or lessimport, represent at this time achaotic conflict of separate interests, to harmonize which is now theproblem before the country.All want Prosperity, Peace andPlenty. Read with care ' the Cin-,cinnati Enquirer, a journal thatprints all the news each day fromevery commercial center throughout the world. A barometer ofcauses and effects that points out,as a Beacon Light, the danger and (the safeguard therefrom.As well known, the Daily En-'quirer is the largest in size and jhighest priced paper in the United ,States, yet cheapest, measured by ,quality and quantity.The Weekly Enquirer, with the tcream and digest of all the news,able and conservative editorials,market reports, methods and results from Government and StateExperiment Stations, veterinarymatters, People's Eorum, choiceliterature, short and continued stor- jles, non-sectarian sermons; generalinformation, etc., with the exclusioni .I of all matters of scandal and lmi morality, is today the Cleanestj Weekly Family Journal obtainable., Each issue is alone worth the pricei of a year's subscription.Solicitors for subscriptions makea handsome, profit and increase thej good influence of The Enquirer inthe uplift of morality and industry,walked like ana lor tne betterment ana wenare ; 1Ci Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only 7.10 aimchrf-ved to- j nf the communitv. For terms write 7Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7 4'i un; i txThe Enquirer, Cincinnati, Ohio. l F ankfort, Ky., D lilyJBxcefit Sunday..,...,..... .....Q.(.;aii"1 , 3 Frankfort, Ky, DilyExcopt Sunday ,'..r..oo anBlood Was WrongAH women, who suffer from the aches and pains, duefemale ailments, are urged in frv Parrfni ia riiahutoscientific, tonic remedy, for women. Cardui acts promptly,yet gently, and without bad effects, on the womanly system,relieving pain, building up strength, regulating the system,and toning up the nerves. During the past half century,thousands of ladies have written to tell of the quick curativeresults they obtained, from the use of this well-known medicine.TAKELJMrs.Jane Callehan suffered from womanlv trnuhte frwnearly ten years. In a letter from Whiteville, N. C, shesays: "I was not able to do my own housework. Mystomach was weak, and my blood was wrong. I had backache, and was very weak. I tried several doctors, but theydid me no good. I used Cardui for 3 or 4 months, and nowI am in the best health I have ever been. I can never praiseCardui enough." It is the best tonic, for women.Whether seriously sick, or simply weak, try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Teaa.for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. " Home Treatment for Women." sent fr. 1 nJtyl4?&tejvttcKaX?&&&bnsGENTLEMANSSHOEi i i f nFrttfflIPI2Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. MPWilLams,y yea rTXiffgtTfWrgmN iT MliM TlL. & N. TIME-TABLE.IN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Tratin's jrrjfveFROM ;Atlanta , Ga., Dai'y . 5 21" arra.Lexington, Kj, Daily . o.lS am.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ." 7.35 airM aj-sville, Ky . , Daily' Except Sunday '. 7.38 amiRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ., 7.55 amLexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday. 8. 12 amCincinnati, O., Dnily , ; 9.50 arrsMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 arrxLexinston, Kv,. Daily .....' 10.02 anCincinnati, 0. Daily ! 10.18 am.Lpxjp.jiton, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amiUvnthiana. Ky., Daily Excepr Sunday...; 3.10 pm.May&vhta, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pre-Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pnMo.3413129710401 312, 332625i)' 13S3Siviioxvine, ' enn.. uauy5 Maysville, Ky.Daily3.'L0S321431Cincinnati, u . Daily Except biunuiy , o.40 pm.Lexington, Ky., Daily ., 6 12 pnvLou sville & Frankfort. Dail3' Except Sunday . 6.01 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily .,..'.... 6 17 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily .'. . 10.27 pm-aCincinnati, O., Daily ." , 10:45 pmTrainsNo.3442.)401013737331336262588TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Kv., Daily Except Sunday . 5.35 am.LfxiiiiUyii, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amFv: -i:t rt & Louisville. Daily Except .Sunday 7.43 amCinciunati, O., Daily Except Sunday S.2ft.arcMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '.; 8.20 anaLexington, Ky., Daily 9.n7 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amsJacksonville, Fla., Daily .- 10.18 anvLexington, Ky,, Daily . ., 10.21 ama.Maysville, K., Daily t 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 asaLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.&0 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .t. 5.4fc pmLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday V. 5.50 proCincinnati, O., Daily 6.22 pnsMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday f. 6.25 pmLexington, Ky., Daily ". 6.25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Suaday 6.85 pm-Lexington, K., Daily 10.53 prav.Atlanta, Ga., Daily -. 10.55 pm93932813303113IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910Trains ArriveNo. ' FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda ." S.l' amc4 "Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 40 pat8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday G.OPpia162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only . ..UU)o pmTrains IDepart '.. .iNo. TOTheU I VfomaifeTonicFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.a.'ja put5.25 pro.3De-pa,rt'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 17 1911i yiLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYReduced Price SaleONOuting Cloth Gowns &SkirtThe mild weather of November has retarded the saleOuting Cloth Garments to such an extent that the manufacturers of these garments have been unloading theirstock on hand at tremendous reductions. One of thesemanufacturers made us a tempting offer on what we knowto be the best line of Outing Cloth Garments on the market. We saw where this purchase would enable us to sellthem so our customers at wholesale manufacturer's costand still leave us a fair profit.Always on the alert for good merchandise which canbe sold to our customers at less than regular price and stillmaintain our fair standard of profit, we purchased theoffered quantity and herewith announce our readiness toturn them over to our customers at a saving of at lease 30cents on the dollar.Lot No. 1Gowns at 69c a PieceFull in size, length and width, splendid quality and fast- colors, former price $1 a garment; factory cost and saleprice 69cLot No. 2Gowns 98c a GarmentThis lot contains plain and trimmed Gowns in stripes andsolid colors; well-made and of ample proportion. TheseGowns sell ordinarily at 1.50; the factory cost and sale-$)rice is98c25c a PieceShort Outing Petticoats in pink and blue stripes, each . . 25c39c a PieceSolid color Outing Petticoats in white, pink and blue,scalloped around edges; value 65c, at each 39cI Thanksglvmg!We have anticipated your wants for the seasonnow'at hand and have in our store the most dependable goods at the right prices to be had.Savory Roasters,TurkeylCarvers,Turkey Dishes,Celery Trays,Cranberry Dishes,Brass Fire Sets,Brass Coal Hods,Coal Vases,Butcher Knives,Meat Saws,Lard Cans.FORD & CO.Complete outfit for hunters. All the popularloads in smokeless and black powder.L rWliV "giaMBlI loaiJ1HOME-KILLED MEATS,Sausage, Hamburg StakeOysters, Fish, Chickens and Everything in Season,AH Kinds of FruitGROCERIES AT LOWEST PRICESflifro I Tc sk oilJH Both Phones 7STORY OP A BASHFUL MAN AND ADEMURE MAIDENKaufman, Straus & 6o.L LEXINGTON, KY.wwmmmm wmwmmm warn mm mm(Continued from Page 8)elcetrical engneer and contractor, andalso as a dealer in electrical suppliesand fixtures in the most unique andclassy designs and effects.Well it is up to me to furnish yournew residence, remarked Uncle Bill,and it shall be furnished in just asgood taste and as completely as yourgood judgment and taste will permitor dictate. How grand, she exclaimed, beaming with joy and expectancy.Uncle Bill then bade the young couplecome with him to J. T. Hinton'swhere we got our wall paper and thosenice hardwood mantels some days ago.He is our live exponent of furnitureland well informed house furnisher,where is handled everything that issmart, useful and dainty, needed to fitout the cottage or mansion on whatever scale desired. The trio were politely received at the store, whereafter conferring with the conversantand assiduous salesman, Hettie soonselected some exquisite furniture forher parlor, her living room and bedrooms as well as dining room andkitchen furniture, and carpels, rugs,mattings, and also a Bnhn Siphon refrigerator. Her purchases, in fact, included all essential requisites. Hencethe progressive J. T. Hinton got theorder to fit out the house from top tobottom at a big saving to Uncle Bill.Yes, I did promise you a nice wacthand silver service, quoth Uncle Bill tothe bride as they were emerging fromthe furniture store. Then he directedthem to Shire & Fithian's where hesoon acquitted himself of the obligation, adding to the above a handsome clock and some exquisite articlesof cutjglass ware. Hettie evinced realpleasure and delight at the thought ofso many useful, dainty and essentialarticles for her new home. This jewel-i ry house, remarked Uncle Bill, as theyagain entered.the street,always showsartistic and seasonable wares and hasthe distinction with its wide acquaintanceship) of being a1 most reliable andwell appointed jewelry establishment.Shire & Fithian never hold out falselights to make a sale either, they willengrave your monogram on the watchfree of charge, an expert repairer andengraver is employed all the time.I understand you are an accomplished musician, said Uncle Bill to thebride. Hettie finally admitted that sheplayed the piano. That's good, saidUncle Bill. Every home that hasmusic in it is the happier, nothingaffords more real pleausre or entertainment than does good mjsic. Yes,Uncle I want a Baldwin piano in myparlor. Most of my friends back Easthave it It is exquisite in tone andvolume 'and a beautiful instrument.Your wish shall be granted, said UncleBill. The Baldwin xpiano is handledhere by cur well known musical dealer. Morehead Piano Co., who carries afull line of pianosand organs and musical merchandise and strings for allinstruments, and whose dealings arealways pleasant and business like,said Uncle Bill. Sure enough AlbertH. Morehead sold Hettie her chosenpiano.There is just one thing that is indispensable to furnishing my new homecomplete, modestly suggested Hettie.What's that, asked Uncle Bih promptly, who thought he had gotten evreything. A sewing machine, a Singer,said Hettie. Yes, that's a fact, butwe'll fix that very soon with J. E. Dehart, the alert and wide awake cityand cMstrict manager for the SingerCompany here and he is an agreeableand reliable fellow to deal with too. Ihear .the Singer machine is used inover 75 per cent of the homes of thecivilized world. It is a favorite withall intellignt housewives because of itssimplicity and , beauty Jand marvelousaccomplishments in either plain orfancy sewing. Come with me to theocffie of the Singer Company saidUncle Bill, I'll pay lor the latestmodel, and he did.Bye the bye, remarked Uncle Bill,as they reached the street, I must goover to the First National Bank andget another check book, come alongwith me and meet the cashier and thepresident as this is the bank for youto open an account with, and it isproper for you to be introduced bysomeone well known to the bank. Imentionkthe First National Bank because the management is agreeable todo business with and will extend toyou at any time any courstey compatiable with sound banking rules. Thentoo, it is officered by conservative menwith unquestioned integrity tihat areat all times alert to our town's bestinterests. The bank has ample resources aggregating SbOOOOO and doesa general banking business in thetruest sense uf the term rendering tothe trade and to commercial linterestsas well as to its 'individual "clientelle,a most setisfactory banking service inevery way and'I may add it is an institution 'in which our citizens 'feel a justpride.And, said Uncle Bill with evidentseriousness, since we have spent allthis mopey in building and furnishing anew house, it would be a grave oversight for us to delay the matter of insurance. I think while we are herewe had better talk to McClure & Clendenin about the insurance, who willrelieve us of all apprehension and suspense, who represent many of the bestand staunchest fire, tornado and lifeinsurance companies in' the world,from which we may choose McClnre &Clendenin, are alert jand wide awakeunderwriters who yearly write a largevolume of business in the respectivebranches of insurance from which wemay judge that every policy holderhas been dealt with in a fair and liberal way in the adjustment of all honestclaims.Before the trio left Ihey wrote apolicy covering the new house and apolicy for $3,000 on Harry's Tife in theNorthwestern Mutual Life InsuranceCompany of Milwaukee, Wis.(Continued in Our Next Issue)Turkeys.We are paying highest pi ices forturkeys delivered this week. Phones14.C. S. BRENT & BRO.Union Missionary Rally.The Union Missionary Rally, the details for which have been under corsideration for several weeks, will begin this afternoon at the Methodistchurch at half fpast two o'clock. Theprogram will consist of brief addresseson Home Missions by members of thelocal missionary societies "Rescueand Primitive Work" will be discussedby a lady from the Methodist church ;"Our. Mountain Work," by a Presoyterian representative; "Our TrainingSchools," by a member of the Baptistsociety, and "Bible Class Work," byone from the C. W. B. M. This willbe followed by a Ruund Table discussion. The evening meeting at 7:30o'clock will be addressed by Mrs. J.E. Grubbs, of Winchester, whose subject will be "Loyalty to Christ," andher talk will be a message .to youngpeople especially.Ladies from all over the county ofall denominations are invited tu attendthe rally. The objcet is mutual helpfulness. There will be no charge foradmission and no collection will betaken.Farms Sold at Auction.The renl estate firm of Harris &Speakes sold Tuesday the farm andstock of Richard Freeman, cf Scottcounty, near the Bourhon county line,to John Harp. The farm contained 68acres and brought $55 per acre. Livestock sold well.The sale of Mr. Jesse Feeback, inNicholas county, was held Wednesday.The farm of 154 acres was sold to Edgar Fowler at $101.30 per acre. Horsesbrought from $140 to $165 ; 1 pairhorses brought $350; 1 pair agedmules, $255; cows $3b to $60; yearlingcattle $31 to $37.50; sheep S5.60 perhead ; small shoats $2.50 to $3 each;head re shoats, $4.50 to $6.50 per head;hay $14 to $19 per ton. Farming implements sold well. A large crowd wasin attendance. Auctioneer Geo. D.Speakes conducted the sale.Turkeys.This is the week to deliver your turkeys. Highest amkret price atC. S. BRENT & BRO.Kentucky Tobacco.The U. S. Department of Agriculture Wedenesday reported on the Kentucky tobaccu crop for 1911.'I he Kentucky i-ield is given at270,135 000 pounds, against 381.01,000pii n.:s Icr 1910. The quailty is pivenas 86 perc ent as against 85 per centfur 1910.The Real Thing.Imported creations in hats at from$1.50 to $1.75 just received. These arethe real thing.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORS.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfLarge Mortgage Recorded.One of the larfgest mortgages everlodged in the Bourbon County Clerk'soffice is being recorded by Clerk" Paton.The mortgage is for the sum of$1,800,000 and is made by ThomasCairns, of Bell county, to the Louisville Property Co., of Louisville, Ky.Property amounting to about 65.000acres of land and mineral rights intwenty counties in the State of Kentucky, is involved in the transaction.Whitman's Candies.New stock of Whitman's fine boxcandies just received.2t VARDEN & SON.At the GrafKt Saturday Night.Worlds Chapmionahip gimea between ;New York Giants and Philadelphia s Athletics, played at PoloGrounds, New Yor, and Shibe Park,Philadelphia. All the exciting plays,clearly shown. New York Club- Devore, Becker, Murray, Snodrgass,Merkle, Doyle, Fletcher, Devlin,Matthewson, Wiltze, Ames, Crandall,Marquard, Latham, McGraw, Myers,Wilson, Herzog, Drucke, Hartley, 'Paulette. Philadelphia Club Baker,Barry, Bender. Collins, Coombs, Davis,Danforth, Derrick, Hartsell, Krause, .Lapp, Livingston,. Lord, Martin, Morgan, Mclnnes.Murphy, Oldring, Plank,Strunk, Thomos. Umpires WilliamJ. Klem, William Brennan, T. H. Connolly and William Dineen. ScorersFrancis C. Richtre and J. G. TaylorSpink.See the game's greatest generals,John J. McGraw and Connie Mack and1the best aggregation of ball players.See the phenomenal exhibitions of thegreat Matthewson, the grand deliveries of Coombs, Plank, Bender andMarquard. See Home Run Baker inaction, and every sensational playthrown on the screen as if you were onthe ground. See the interesting playson the bases, the much discussed Snodgrass slide, etc. Largest attendanceever seen at championship games, andI see this surging mass of humainty andthirty-third dergee fans. The mostt exeuing games on record. MarvelousJ photorgaphy of these great gamesmade exclusively by the Essanay Company.The Real Thing.Imported creations in hats at from$1.50 to $1.75, just received. These arethe real thing.2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Baby Falls in Fire.Margaret, the eighteen-months-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. HoraceSprake, suffered severe burns Wednesday afternoon by falling upon an opengrate at the home of its parents onFifth street. The child was left alonewhile the mother stepped into an adjoining room and is believed to havebeen playing in the fire with a dustbroom. Mrs. Sprake was attracted bythe child's screams and rushing infound its clothing burning. With rarepresence of mind she extinguished theblaze and summoned Dr. J. T. Vansant,who dressed the child's injuries.The right arm and right side of theface were blistered and for a time itwas feared she had inhaled the flames.While the injuries are painful the condition of the child is not regarded asserious.Turkeys.We are in the market for turkeys.Bring them in this week. Phones 14.C. S. BRENT & BRO. ""Hunters Busy.The game laws were out Wednesdayand nimrods all over the country wereout at the early dawn. A number of"Bourbon county citizens left for thefields the first day. Quail is said to beplentiful in the hill counties, and thoselocalities are the hunters' mecca.Birds are scarce in this county and thefact that there are very few farms onwhich hunting is permitted, makes itall the more necessary for sportsmento hi ke for other fields.mmm wKmmwmwmum skjm bGo Hunting Prepared.Prepare yourself for the hunting:season with a pair of those superiorhunting shoes the "Triumph Elk," wesell them in Paris. They are absolutely waterproof and are conceded to bethe best made,tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.GREATMID-SEASONSALEILadies' Hosiery, Underwear and AllLadies' Cloaks, Suits, Skirts, Dresses, Waists and Furs atREDUCED PRICESLadies' Hose in Black and Brown, worth 25cLadies' Hose in Black, worth 50cLadies' Union Suits, worth $1Ladies' Sweaters, worth $1Ladies' Shirt Waists, worth $1.25..Ladies' Skirts in all colors, worth $7.50 LLadies' Suits in all colors, worth $20 :Ladies' Coats in all colors, worth $20Ladies' Dresses in all colors, worth $15 . :' ". $7.50All Plush and Caracul Coats at a GreatReductionALTERATIONS FREE2 pair for 25c24c44c44c59c- -i- $3.98$10.00$10.00-A. M. D0MB CO.,I!uIncorporateda,ris? "KL23.tuLolsL3rComer, 3th and Main Both Phono 12Qs':t$.-'- I.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 17, 1911..1Hh BOUKBOS NEWS.&!&VttJfeAALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGMoney lor Teachers.State Treasurer Farley has mailedout checks for $445,000 to the CountySchool Superintendents for the pay ofthe rural school taechers.Dressed Fowls.We have all kinds of dressed fowls.C. P. COOK.Insurance Paid.The Metropolitan Life Insurance Co.Wednesday paid to the widow of DaeRobinson, who was killed recently, theamount of the insurance policy, 31,000,which she held on his life.New Orleans Molasses.We have a fresh barrel of New Orleans Molasses.C. P. COOK.Hog Shipments.Mr. W. G. McClintock, of this city,snipped to the Cincinnati market thisweek five hundred head of hogs purchased from the farmers ot Bourbonand adjoining counties at prices ranging from 4 to 5 1-2 cents per pound.Turkeys.This is the week to deliver your turkeys. Highest market price atC S. BRENT & BRO.The Real Thing.Imported creations in hats at from$1.50 to 1.75 just received. These arethe real thing.2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Eagles to Meet.There will be a meeting of BourbonAerie No. 1781, Fraternal Order ofEagles on Tuesday, INovember 21, attheir lodge rooms in the Elks building.Every member is requested to be present as business of importance will betransacted.Rubber Boots.Get your Gum Shoes and RubberBoots at17 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE.Turkeys.We are paying highest prices forturkeys delivered this week. Phones14.C. S. BRENT & BRO.Box Supper at Kiserton.The pupils of the Kiserton schoolwill give a box supper at the schoolhouse tomorrow evening at eighto'clock. A cordial invitation is extended to all who attend. Miss RydaThornton, of this city, Js teacher atthe school.GUARANTEED RINGS.Se the guaranteed ring atSHIRE & PITHIAN'S.Feld's Good Shoes.At avid Feld's you get the best ,variety of shoes. G tfSock Social Tomorrow.The Hamilton Gusrds, the juvenile jorganization of the Daughters of the .Confederacy, cordially invite the pub-'lie to their sock social which will be jheld in the Confederate room in the 'court house Saturday afternoon. No-vember 18. from 2 to 6. The Daughters and Veterans are especially urgedt3 be present.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Turkeys.We are in the market for tuikeys.Bring them- in this week. Phones 14.C. S. BRENT & BRO.School House Damaged by Fire.As the result of a fire which wsscaused by a defective flue, the publicschool building at Ruddles Mills wasconsiderably damaged by fire Mondayafternoon. When the blaze was discovered a bucket brigade was foirmdby the men of tr.e neighborhood, and ithrough their heroic efforts the building was savfd from destruction. Theroof and etitirg wtre damaged by theflames. Ihe loss is fully covered byinsurance.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Whitman's Candies.New stock of Whitman's line boxcandies just received.VARDEN & SON.Local Men Incorporate.Articles of incorporation were filedb7 the Winchester Cloak and SuitCompany, in the Clark Ciicuit Clerk'soffice Tuesday. The capital of the firmis $3,000 divided into 100 shares of 30each, of which Mr. A. M. Domb, ofParis, owns 49 shares ; Mr. Leo Domb,of Indianapolis, Ind.f 48 shares, andMr. P. A.Thompson, of Paris, 3 shares.The firm will occupy a store room inthe Elks Building in that city. Theforrral opening of the firm will beheld tomorrow.GUARANTEED rTnGS.W. W. W. rings, stonesguaranteed not to come out,can be had only atSHIRE & FirHIAN'S.Dressed Fowls.Nice fat chfekens and durkc dressedto rler. Phone us your order.14 2t T. LSNIHAN.Jn"PERSONAL MENTION.Mi-s Kate Alexander is visiting inCincinnati.Mr. Withers Davis was a visitor inLexington yesterdpy.Mrs. Clarence Kerr, of Lexington,was a visitor hjre yesterday.Mrs. Sallie Pullen is visiting relatives and friends in Midway.Mrs. H. M. Collins is the guest ofMrs. Sallie Spencer in Cicninnati. ZlZMrs. Jesse Ellis has returned froma visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Mrs. B. F. Skillman, of St. Louis,is visiting friends and relatives in thiscounty.Miss Ruth Moragn entertained themembers of the Pastime Club Tuesdayafternoon,Mrs. Wash Webb, of Bourbon, isvisiting Mrs. D. R. Kimbrough inCynthiana.Mrs. Kiser Smith is visiting herparents, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. lebbs,in Cynthiana.Mrs. James Medley, Fof this city,is visiting her son, Mr. Walter Medley,in Georgetown.Mrs. Roma Wornall, fof KansasCity, Mo., is the guest ot Mr. andMrs. J. Frank Clay.2 Dr. Ljdia Pogue, who has been inBreathitt county on professional business, has returned home.Mrs. Charlotte Davis, of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. J. W. Davisand Miss Anna May Davis.Mr. and Mrs. N. Ford Brent andbaby have returned from a trip toNew York and Atlantic City.Mrs. B. M. Renick entertainedwith an informal tea at her home onDuncan avenue yesterday afternooon.-Mrs. Hoffman Wood, of Mt. Sterling, is the guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. H. C. Whaley,on South Mainstreet.Mr. John Harris Clay has returnedto school in Nicholasville after a brietvisit to his parents, Hon. and Mrs. C.M. Clay.Mrs. Miller Ward entertained yesterday afternoon at her home on theCynthiana pike in honor ot .her brother, Mr. Charlton Clay.Mrs. Joseph Rion entertained ather home on Second street yesterdayafternoon in honor of her guest, MissHarriett Tandy, of Vevay, Ind.Mrs. R. G. Stoner and her mother,Mrs Williams, of Mt. Sterling, willgive a reception at their home "Oakland," in this county this afternoon.Rev. J. M. Maxon, president ofMargaret College at Versailles andpa3tor of the Episcopal church in tniscity, has returned from an extended,trip in the East.Miss Jospehine Behrman, of Cincinnati, who has been the guest ofMiss Corinne Collins, has returnedhome, ;accompanied by Miss CollinB,who will make her a visit.Mrs. Harry Booth was taken suddenly HI yesterday morning with anattack of aooendicitis and.was removed to the St, Joseph Hospital, Lexington, for an immediate operation.Rev. Norman Wood, of Fennville,Mich., who was here to attend thefuneral of his brother, Mr. Ben Wood,left Wednesday for his home. RevWood has been pastor of the Baptistchurch at Fennville for about threeyears.Among those from this city whoattended the funeral of Mr. D. L.Robbins in Flat Rock yesterday wereJudge Denis Duudon, Messrs. Joe Farris, Peaice Paton, E. M. Costello, C.A. McMillan, B. A. Frank, H. O. 'James, Frank P. Kiser, Wodford!Spears and Rebuen Hutchcraft. IThe Paris Literary Club was de-ilightfully entertained at the regular 'meeting Wednesday afternoon by Mrs.Shearin, of Hamilton College, Lexington, who gave an address upon "Realistit: Russian Literature of the Nineteenth Century." Mrs. Shearin is alauy of rare charm and culture, ardhnr talk was thoroughly enjoyed bythe members of the club and their invited guests. After the meeting asocial half hour was spent, giving theladies an opportunity to meet Mrs.Shearin. Chocolate and sandwicheswere daintily served. Upon adjournment the club ladies went in a body toattend a Parliamentary Drill at theEkls Hall conducted Joy Mrs. Longanana her class.Last Day for Filing Suits.Today is the last day for filing Jsuitsin the Borubon Circuit Cuurt for theNovember tprm. Court will convenein this city on Novebmre fc7, withJudge Robt. L. Stout presiding.Elder Morgan Accepts NashvilleCall.Elder Carey E. Morgan, pastor ofthe Paris Christian church, yesterdaymorning tendered his resignation tothe Board of Officers of the church toaccept the call from the Vine StreetChristian church at Nashville, Tenn.,which he has had under considerationfor some time.The announcement that Elder Morgan had resigned his pastorate was received with universal regret by thecongregation as well as the public ingeneral as it was understood that thecall to the Nashville church, which wasreceived several weeks ago had beendeclined and that he would remain inParis.Elder Morgan yesterday morninghanded his resignation to the Board ofOfficers ot the church, but ro actionhas been taken and the matter vwllnot come up until the next meeiing ofthat body, when it is probaDle hisresignation will be accepted and hissuccessor named.Ihe Paris church has beea in chargeof Elder Morgan fur nine years andunder his careful direction has showna remaikable growth as a reward forhis earnest and untiring effortsThe church in Nashville to which hehas been called is the largest in thatcity. Elder Morgan iwill remain incharge of the Pari3 church ujitil arrangements can be made to supply thevacancy made by his resignation and itis probable it will be two or threemonths before going to his new charge,.Narrow Escape from SuffocationMr..1, Frank Clay a prominent farmer, residing on the Winchester pike,about four miles from Paris, andFrank Brooks, colored, had a nanowecsape from death early yesterdaymorning when the flooring of a barnupon which was stored a largequantity of cotton seed meal, andwhich they were moving, collapsed,precipitating the two men to theground a distance of. about ten feet,and completely covering them.The accident happened shortly before seven o'clock. Mr. Clay andBrooks had gone to the barn to movethe cotton seed meal, which was beingused to feed stock and were employedin this labor when the floor gave way.It is supposed the joist had becomeweakened by reason of their beingworm eaten and the combined weightof the men and the feed was morethan it could bear.Mr. Clay and Brooks were buriedbeneath the meal a distance of severalfeet and the fact that they were notsuffocated before assistance atrived isalmost mraculous. Jn the barn a fewminutes before the accident occurreiwas Harry B. Clay, Jr., the little fouryear old son of Mr. and Mrs. Clay.Mr. Clay had not noticed his leavingand was apprehensive as to his safety.A colored man employed on the farmwas the first to give the alarm, as hehappened to be passing the brn whentha floor fell. He immediately inforrr-fd Mrs. Clay who telephoned to townto Mr. W. W. Mitchell, who with several men made a quick trip to thefarm in an automobile. In the meantime, the negro who first gave thealarm had informed Mr. Brooks Clav,who was some distance away, and withseveral men he was working in a field,went to the assistane of the imprisoned men, succeeding in extricating thembefore Mr. Mitchell arrived.Mr. Clay was considerably bruisedabout the body by falling timbers, butaside from this is none the worse offfrom his experience. Brooks sufferedsimilar injuries.Leg Broken.Adam Coleman, colored, an employeat the L. & N. round house in theSouth yards, was struck by a yardenigne Wednesday evening about sixo'clock, and besides being conisderablybruised about the body suffered a fracture of the left leg between the kneeand ankle. He was making an effortto get out of the way of an incomingfreight and stepped in front of theyard engine. His injuries receivedattention and he was removed to hishome on Cypress street. Coleman wasformerly employed as janitor in theAgricultural Bank Building.Paris Grand.FRIDAY,November17The Greatest Farcicial Success,Peck'sBoy!Josephine Palmer as theBad Boy," and a clever comSipany of Comedians, Singersand Dancers.Prices: 25-35-50c.In Paris cr between Paris and FrankP. Clay's residence on the Georgetownpike a brown fur muff. Libreal rweardfor its return to this office or17 3t MRS. SAM CLAY.Latest Improved No. 5 Oliver Typewriter. Only used short time. Willsell cheap for cash. Inquire at Newsoffice. ' 17 3tTHEJAIR!For Friday Only.As Thanksgiving is Nearly HereOf course every housekeeper isbusy thinking of the many useful articles she will need to prepare her dinner with. You willfind there is no better place tomake your selection than TheFair.We will have on sale next Friday at reduced prices suchthinks asRoasting Pans,Granite Pars,Turkey Platters,And a large and useful line ofGranite pieces at 5c each.I am sure each and every piecewifl surprise you at the low priceof 5c each....THE FAIR.J:LOST.Diamond ring containing threestones, one in mouth and one in each?V xT0f head reaembling a man. Returnto News office and get reward.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Mary B. Clay are requested to settleat once. Those having claims willplease have same proprely proven according to law and prpsent them forpayment to the undersigned.S. BROOKS CLAY,Administrator.How often does thisquestion bob up in yourhome? It's perfectly natural, for every one shouldhave some recreation afterthe day's work.And no one need wantfor it where there's aVictor in the home.Why not eet a Victorfor your home?and see us aboutCome init today.Victors $10 to100. Victor-Vic-trolas$15 to $250.Terms to suit.Daugbertp Brossj'bJ. T.W(hM shallwpdothis EveningSOLE AGENT FORATHENA UNDERWEARFor Ladies and Children.The Elastic Cuff holds the sleeve in place-. Special stayprevents garment from stretching over the shoulder.Comfort without bulk. Daintiness with duribility.IJ SOLE AGENT FORHENDERSON CORSETS.Buy good Corsets. The better Corsets you buy the betterJ figure you will have, the more stylish you will appear andthe longer service you will get from your Corset. We9 carry them from $1 upward.S W. EdiWE ARE READY FOR YOU&l , n ,rees usnPotatoesIBlackberryILenox SoapFEE'SwarnJ. T. HINTONANDfhtBLANKETSJ.ftrfi vfc J Uf fvKCI3STT03STmrt:iTuckern . , Ispecials.Fancy NorthernStockPer PeckZ5ciIDelJamPer PoundI$2,85Per BoxI?'ftjft&vXmJ-!J 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 17, 1911.- . . x IHMmwimmmmInternational GasolineENGINESHANDY RACK FOR SEED CORNv m2 s2$ILQ i&l ILvi tLJ tJtsJ-v.Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Bone Good!riTRE J9B R60fflS OFTHEBHRBNAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asbillheads,letterheads,cards,;CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.tbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application. -7MiUiiiuUiiUiUiiiPigeon Hole Is Provided for EveryEar and Is Easy to MakeMice Are Kept Off.A handy type of rack for storingseed corn, which is very simple inconstruction, is shown in the illustration, says the Farm and Home. Itmay be made any size, but one that isseven feet high and four feet wide isvery convenient. The frame is madeof inch boards 12 inches wide, and atintervals of three inches two laths areplaced crosswise and wires are strungrzn:-:i-jii a , , . fi't-in rirrsu,XviiirufLflyvfyiXMyVfKlljViiVi-r vltsihiAA rx r wniw v "AtyZjriLinrirxi rix riA r rut via Via V,a V,a y VCMiY! V.I Vf rA YXA A "" " ryHandy Corn Rack.2 Inches apart, running from topto bottom. This makes an ideal pigeon hole for each ear. Two crosswires are run through the centeraround the lath, as shown, to preventthem from sagging. Each division canbe numbered so that individual testscan be made of every ear.LARGE WHEELS ON TRACTORLargest of Their Kind Manufacturedby English Firm for Experimental Purposes.i&fcTypes of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.The largest wheels ever used on anagricultural traction engine were builtby a firm in Leeds, England, for experimental purposes, says the PopularMechanics. The giant wheels are 12CESOne of Large Wheels.feet in diameter, with a bearing surface 18 inches wide. The wheels weredesigned for use on soft soil.Ingenious Little Invention.Seme college girls Invented an Ingenious apparatus for boiling a kettle, when they wanted tea instead ofa chafing dish concoction. It is madeof heavy wire, bent at the ends torest on the chafing dish frame. Ahardware dealer will make It for afew cents. The kettle is set downon the framework, which comes within two inches of the frame.mZtXMuRecognizing People.Data have been gathered in Germany with reference to the distanceat which persons may be recognizedby their faces and figures. If onehas good eyes, the Germans claim,one cannot recognize a person whomhe has seen only once at a greaterdistance than 82 feet If the personis well known to one, one may recognize him at 300 feet and if it is amember of one's family, even at 500feet. Scientific American.Cottonseed Meal.If cottonseed meal costs delivered$35 a ton, each pound of digestibleprotein will cost less than 4y2 cents.If corn is worth $25 a ton, each poundof protein will cost about 16 cents apound. In other words, a pound ofprotein in corn will cost nearly fourtimes as much as a pound of protein Iin cottonseed meal. This clearly !shows that the dairy farmer will lose !money if he purchases corn to feed 'his cows, providing, of course, that !cottonseed meal is available. But ifcottonseed meal is not available otherfeeding stuffs can be had. The buyerof grain feeds should consider hispurchase in this light.Not the Other Extremity.From Canon Beeching comes the following story: "It was the morningafter the banquet, and a solicitousfriend who had set beside BishopStubbs, happening to meet him, askedIf he got home all right The bishoplooked slightly surprised at the question, but at once added, with an apparent gleam of comprehension, 'Oh,yes, it was only my boots that weretight' "Free ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies' Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75H Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call atMarketing Vegetables.The successful marketing of vegetables, beyond doubt, is the most serious question of all for commercialgrowers. In many instances it is apparently impossible to make shipments to the "city and realize a fairprofit. This condition i3 due to highfreight or express charges, unscrupulous dealers and too many middlemen. There is too much difference between the price received by the producer and that paid by the consumer,and this is the primary cause of thehigh cost of living In the large cities.Winter Feed for Geese.I never feed any special green feedexcept cabbage to my breeding geeseduring the winter. But I raise fieldcorn and feed that, allowing the geesethe range except when there is snowon the ground, says a writer in an exchange. I have tried various feeds,but never have found any advantageover corn. The pasture is, of course,best of all for geese, since tho birdswill care for themselves.Profit In Alfalfa.One middle west seed company purchased recently 700 bushels of alfalfaseed. The seed, uncieaned, sold for$8.50 the bushel, and wasxsold by Steven Heel of Shawnee, Okla., who received $5,950 for the 700 bushels.Prevent Washing of Soils.On hilly lands great difficulty Is experienced In preventing washing byheavy fall and winter rains. The useof cover crops, therefore, becomes imperative on such lands If clean culture is to be practiced In the summer.Size -of Farms.Our farms are decreasing in size,the average number of acres In farmshaving decreased from 146 in 1900 to138 in 1910. . 4Moscow's Municipal Pawnshops.Ic Moscow, Russia, the pawnshop isa municipal affair. Last year overhalf a million artcles were pawned,having a valuation of over $3,000,000.It is noticed that in March and Aprilthe poor element of Moscow keepsthe pawnshop busy, and during thatperiod customarily parts with Itswar. i overclothing.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyssOne Issue Gone.One of Uncle Sam's custom menfound 30 pockets in a woman's skirtNow let the women forever hold theirtongues about not having equal right3I with men. Milwaukee Journal.t.i??-No Wedding Presents.Those who are opposed to the giving of wedding presents will hail withapproval the step taken by a verywealthy Chicago society girl. Whenher wedding invitations were issuedthey contained this sentence: "It isa, special request that no gifts shallbe sent" Probably there are otherswho will follow her example.Porcelain Not of Persia.True porcelain was never producedIn Persia, but hard paste porcelain inPersian forms and styles of decoration was made in China for the Persian market Wine ewers with powder blue glaze and gold overglaze decoration, small vase, and bowls withbronze luster glaze and designs reserved in white are found in collections of Persian ware, but these areunquestionably of Chinese origin.Day Trip to St Louis.By leaving Paris on t. &. N. train!S:20a. m.. direct connection is made!with the B. &. O. S-W fast train jleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noondaily, arriving St. Louis at eight jo'clock same evening-. 'I his train car-1J ries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction."Parlor cars, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSt. Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S-VY.Ft. Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatid?ily 2:15 a. m., 9 a. m. and 9:15 p.ir. daily except Sunday. Night trains! hsve electric lighted sleeping carsiTOltW inHi tirliiol haffh Iirrhto X?ny Iv....... a..u. k.uk. uv..t.j ilKU.J. 1 Ul li-formation as to fares and other par-ticulars consult your Ioal ticket agenor addressS..T. SEELY.T. P. A , B. & O. S-W. R. R.,513 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.INSURE YOUR PROPERTY"Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 Agent.Reverses Don't Feaze Him.There are many poets who thinkthemselves unappreciated. But wehav-j noticed that this doesn't keepthem from writing more poetry.Savannah Press.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties-E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Saved Child From Death.i"After our child had suffered fromsevere bronchial trouble for a year,"wrote G. T. Richardson, of Richardson's Mills, Ala., "we leared it hadconsumption. It had a bad coughall the t;me. We tried many remedies without avail, and doctors' medicines seemed as useless. Finally wetiied Dr- King's New Discovery, andwe ars pleased to Fay that onebottleeffected a complete cure, and he isagain strong arid heafthy." Forcoughs, colds, hoarseness, lagrlppe,asthma, croup and sore lungs it's themost infallible remed that's made.Price 50c and $1. Trial bottle free.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSON SALS DAELYVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDiilDINING CARSSERVINGI ALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS, CALL OH ANY TICKET AGENT, QUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE,OS WXITEH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, lOh E: Main St, LEXINGTON, KY.4iiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV- 1911 179ITCH! ET0H! ITGH!Scratch and rub rub and scratch-until you feel as if you could almosttear the burning: .skin from your bodyuntil it seems as if you could nolonger endure these endless days ofawful torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.Then a few drops of D. D. D., thefamous Eczema Specific and. Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Comfort and rest at last!D. D. D. is a simple external voshthat cleanses and heals the in"aicdskin as nothing else can. A recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoria?K Saltliheum or any other skin trouble.We can giv you a full size KoL'Ioof the genuine D. D. TX ren-.'V f-ir51.00 and if the very first botvls fvllito give relief it will not cocc you acent. . , ,"We also enn give you a sample hottie for 25 cents. Why suffer another-day when you can get D. D. D.?At Cost for Cash.beginning on November 15 our entire stock of millinery will be sold forcash for the next seventeen days, oruntil December 1 at coat and below.In order to get the cash we will makethis sacrifice on all trimmed hats, pattern hat, ribbons, trimmings, tec.We have a good line of $6 and $7 hatsthat we will sell at $3 50.This is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinery, as this advertisement is not made to fool the publicbut to impress them 'that we are willing to sicrifice our stock to turn it into cash at once.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Lightning's Freak.A strange freak of lightning is reported from France. During a recentthunderstorm the lightning struckthree byres in a village in the department of the Loire, killing off the cowsi each byre that were lying down16 in all while all those standing upescaped unhurtFOR KILLING PLUM CURCULIOSPECIALBad.One of the worst things about coldweather Is that it gives every wouldbe actor a chance to show himself' inan overcoat with a fur collar.RAT ES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohoom andTexas, on sale the first and third'Tuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip winter Tourist Pares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call on or-writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends and HomePeople :I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs Rosa V. Waliineford.It Startled the World.when the astounding claims werefirst made for Bucklen's Arnica Salvebut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them true, and everywhere it is now known as the bestsalve on earth for burns, boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Only 25c at Oberdor-fer's.FOR SALE.Between four hundred and five hundred barrels of corn in shock. Forparticulars inquiie of Earl f Ferguson,E. T. Phone, Lexington, or Wm. Kenney Ferguson, E. T. Phsne, Paris. 3tJarring Method Can B Advantageously Practiced All LadybugsShould Be Liberated."The plum curculio winters in theadult stage, emerging in the springjust as the fruit buds begin to swell," jsays Prof. J. G. Sanders, head of the Jeconomic entomology department ofthe College of Agriculture of the University of Wisconsin. "Immediately,it hegins to feed on the young foliageand fruit buds and should be treatedwith a strong spray of lead arsenate,as this is the only stage at which anarsenical poison is effective in controlling ihe pest."The curculio is distinguished fromthe plum gouger in that it never penetrates the fruit stone. The femalecurculio deposits her eggs in crescentshaped cuts, which she makes on thesurface of the fruit. Seven to ten dayslater, the larvae emerge and abouttwo weeks after this they leave thefruit, crawl into the ground, wherethey spin a cocoon and pupate. Inthis stage of the life cycle the insectcan be killed by intensive cultivationof the orchard."Where labor is cheap the jarringmethod of control is advantageouslypracticed," continued Prof. Sanders."This system involves the use of acanvas, held about waist high underthe tree, while the tree is jarred witha padded pole, the curculios falling offupon the canvas where they can besorted out and destroyed. Any ladybugs which are snared by this methodshould be liberated, as they are beneficial parasites, which destroy injurious fruit Insects." 'GIRL IN BEATTiE CASEIS NOW ON THE STAGELOST.yOn Tuesday "afternoon onPleasantstreet between Ninth and Fifthstreets, on Fifth between Main andPleasant or-on Main between Fifthand Frank & Co.'s store a diamondsunburnt, containing eleven diamonds.The finder will be handsomely rewarded by returning same toMKS. HUME PAYNE.E. T. Phone 155-3.,,'Apamsi 9Ajp3jj jsotn v;i pog ptre BniazDg joj juamjufo aujpooig pasnaAinj i :sjft?s 3 'S 'XauD 'nany A1 H 'siYiuitrg; 2miTBJE pra jniipu'Bd 'saq wuxozoa-sBg; 'saidniTj; 'umatrg sojiiqais 'sisbtiosj 'sana: uui;ujo3orp38xa: iire 3ntu;ox ouIPiaW. T. Brooks, Agent.A Speedy Cure forConstipation, Biliousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,Liver Complaints, Tired Feeling, Bad Taste inthe Mouth. Bad Complexion, Nervousness and alldiseases of the Stomach, Liver and Bowels."Bloodine Liver Pills"act gently, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,stomach and digestive organs. The pills, in oldand chronic cases of constipation and indigestion,act st once, without griping, nor do they leave anynnnlMisanf nftir-efferts. nor form a constant habitof purging, produced by other cathartic remedies. I"liiooaine Liver nus--! restore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcondition and healthful action. Remove and prevent constipation by 6ecuring a natural and regular operation ox the bowels, ana relieve those unpleasant symptoms which attend a diseased ormorbid condition of the liver, stomach and bowels.To assist In attaining this end, the following suggestions are offered.REMARKS. Everyone who uses pills fortheir action on the liver, should know that largedoses rarelv nrove as satisfactory as small ones.Large doses simply purge and pass out of the sys-1tem, usually leaving tne Dowels constipatea, anaseldom removing the cause of the trouble, or improve tne general health. On the other hand,small doses develop the alterative effert of themedicine, do not irritate or constipate the bowels,but gently stimulate the liver and prevent theaccumulation of bile by directing its flow into theproper channels. Therefore it is advisable to commence by taking not over one or two pills at bedtune and increase dose as necessary.Portland, Mb.Gents: I find your "Bloodine Liver Pills"the most effective pill I ever used. They causeno griping or constipative after effect as most liverpills do. Yours truly,MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.Bloodine Ointment cares Piles. 50c a box.W. T. Brooks, Agent.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.rrmjuargoien s.lie Mysteries of .Men's DiseasesOur "book, the most complete ever published on"Men's Diseases," also the latest thesis on the"606," Ehrlich's Wonderful One-treatment BloodPoison Cure, will be sent free to any man who"wrill mention this newspaper, also disease.GINGINKATI -SPECIALIST GO.C21 WALNUT STSEET.IF YOU SUFFERFrom Complicated, Chronic orSpecial AUmect or Diuease, suchu Varicocele, Hydrocele, Rupture, Pilea. FKtula, Blood Poison,CheomatUra, Ulcers, Sores, SkiaDUeaaec. Xerrous Debility, oranySPErTiL r.rant that hasbeen hanging on for weeks ornoriths, resisting the treatmentsCT viri jui doctors asd drugg''j' J ,,u are discocnted anddisheartened, because cf :'ie re-p aix ruiarcs or aneuirs wiio j,hare taksa your hard-rarnednosey, gmng you or.lv la returnSueGOMETQUS,Let us shew you how juicilyyour affliction riU vicld to thet tat-nent eT physician vho mOW HOTT. If yon pre-f-r. wu can innn to nay our rrnall professional fee ini JarteJltaeuH lo salt yocr convenience. 5 to $15 is allyou n-ed to no ruiwi asjcr we guarantee 01 r.o cureo Pay, 'We rffT ;ox our 18 Tears of reliability andVH1 hJr in rtnr'noilL J'rTthlng fctrirtty confidents. nlal Prliir f if Vrtrzey Call or write.Li C. bi1 itAti, rTasi'uati-nniid Adtice FKKK.&E LSTUSCUEE YOU!i3njMBI $sicB s ilSfiSB tWi( 7'$$ aI 1The Best ofHome-KilledMeals,Bacon, Lard, Ham,j Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,1 Paris, Ky.1MB!Young Woman Who Was ChiefWitness for State Is. Nowan "Actress."New York. Beulah BInford, whocam to this city after the trial ofHenry Clay Beattie, Jr., for the murder of his wife In Virginia, has appeared on the vaudeville bill In a localtheater. She played there several daysbefore au announcement that she wasTO PROTECT AGAINST MICEPaper Cylinder as Shown in Illustration Will Prove EffectiveShouldBe Removed In Spring.Various methods are adopted toprotect young trees from beingmarked by rabbits or mice. Wirescreens are expensive, but are alsomost effective. Wood veneer fastenedaround is a good protection If It canI sUS-)Ksgiiv W-fProtection Against Mice.be readily procured. The Illustrationshows a paper cylinder held tight by acord. It should be removed in spring.aloss!An orchard neglected for one yearvirtually puts it back three years.The size of an apple can be Influenced to quite a large degree by picking. Keep the orchard clear of all deadbrush, it being a harbor for Injuriousinsects.The cellar used for storing fruitmust be kept cooler than the vegetable cellar.The Ideal time for picking apples isa matter that must be settled to alarge degree by the individual.The coldest weather does not killthe insects. Therefore spraying is thesafest method of killing them.Pears and apples keep better ifpicked a little green. Some pearc rotfrom the core outward if allowed toripen on the tree.The first advantage of fall plantingis that It Induces the grower to gethis nursery stock earlier than itplanting in the spring.Any kind of fruit tree will die whenplanted in ground that Is all the timesaturated with water. The tile ditchis a necessity in such places.Trees set out In the fall do betterwhen the winter is moderate, as theground is drier and the trees make agreater growth the next season.If your trees have been affectedwith leaf Might during the summer,spray them with bordeaux mixtureafter the crop has been gathered.Fall pruning Is better than no pruning. If vu have some hardy varie-ties of fruit trees that need pruning,there Is no danger in doing it in thefall. NFREE REMEDY HELPS CHILDRENMany a mother has learned of away of avoiding sickness in her family, especially among tne children, bythe use of a free sample bottle of thefamous laxative, Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. This offer of the doctor's tosend a free sample bottle has been responded to by thousands of womenin all parts of America.Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is atruly wonderful laxative and especially adapted to the needs of babiesand children because it is pleasant tataste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is allthat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for thewhole family because it is effectiveat all ages. It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should not be given to children under any circumstances.Nine times out of ten when a childcomplains and you don't know exactly what is the matter with t, itneeds a laxative its bowels are constipated. Syrup Pepsin will correctthe trouble, tone up the child andsoon it will be well again wonderful results have been secured withSyrup Pepsin over night.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, thelatter being the family size, but yon.are invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address today and he will sendyou a free sample bottle t direct toyour home. Then when satisfied buyit of your favorite druggist.For the free sample address him.Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding, Monticello, 111.Superior Endures.SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Pant. Ky.u.Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It w31post you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etcSuperior makes dense, solid concrete that wfflendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. Insist onSuperior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co.on the bill was made, then a card announced "Beulah Binford and company." Her sketch, "Grandma," tells thestory of a wealthy woman who, aftermany years, finds her daughter, whohad married a poor man and been castout But the Binford girl had nothingto do with the emotions of the play.She appeared as a maid and had'thrcelines a speak: "A letter!" "Give thegirl a chance" and "Officer, here's yourhat."In her dressing room the girl saidshe had been living in the Bronxever since she reached New York andthat before she was realesed In Virginia she signed a contract with a NewYork manager to appear In vaudeville.She said she is only seeking to makea living, and does not see how the police can keep her from doing something that is not against the law. Shestill Insists Beattie is innocent of themurder of his wife.&&i am.mBEE STINGS FOR RHEUMATISMMan Afflicted With Disease SpendsHis Time Getting Stung toi ... Effect a Cure,Ansonia, Conn. William P. Fitzgerald of this city spends two hours aday In the garret of his home on Cottage avenue, Inciting a hive of honeybee3 to sting him, in the hopes of curing rheumatism from which he hassuffered for a number of years.After consulting specialists and being in hospitals he was brought homeTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and Winter a StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, hand-TailoredSuits at $1 0.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsf eds and Cassimeresin the newest modsls, hand-tailored Suits, worth, easily $20'our Special $15.Overcoats in. every new cut and weave, prices range from7 50, $10, $12.50, 15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated Emerson.Shoe, Brockton, Mass. This 5s the classiest 4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at S4.The reliable Douglas Shoes S2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fussy harry Hats, $2, $2.5u, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch ond Lair best $1 Shirts made, VChutt's 1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c. , .Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.!.L. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentTaking the Bee Cure.four months ago unable to stand up.A friend suggested the bee cure. Ahive of bees was put In the attic andMr. Fitzgerald was carried there everyday for two weeks, the greater part ofhis body being exposed to the heroictreatment Now he is able to getaround on crutches and the treatment,physicians believe," will ultimatelycure him.Even Stole His False Teeth.Indianapolis, Ind. Daniel Burnswas held up here by two men whorobbed him of $11 and his false teeth.He had placed his false teeth in avest pocket. The robbers went throughhis clothes lor his coin, and then oneran his nLnble fingers Into the pocketwhere the false teeth reposed. "Wecan use these," said the robber, whoproceeded lo pocket his teeth.flWr)MONEY'ifev'IK. AltiC r--m?v eonsWe tell vou now. and pay best marketprices. We are dealers; establishedin 1856; and can do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in I,ouisville. Write for weekly price list.t M. SABEL & SONS227-29-31 & 33 E. Market Si., LOUISVILLE, KY.Osalers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.kjKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.A fiurglar's Awful Deed.may nob paralyze a home so completely as a mother's long illness.Bub Dr. King's New Life Pills are asplendid remedy for women. "Theygave me wonderful benefib in constipation and female trouble," wroteMrfe. M. C. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn.If ailing try them. 25c abOberdorfer'sWidely Separated. .An uncrossable bloody chasm atlast separates the brethren of thetribe of Snatchit from the brethrenof the tribe of Grablt PhiladelphiaRecord.Queer Place for Wedding Ring.A merchant at Aberdeen, N. S. Wwhile cutting a cheese the other dayfound that his knife" was stopped bysomething hard. On Investigating he ,saw that its progress was barred bya heavy gold wedding ring.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankforb every hour onthe hour from 6 a, m. until 8 p. m.,and ab 10 p. m., the lasb car going;only as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankforb, and for Paris everyhour on bhe hour from 6 a. m until7 p. m., and ab 9 and 11 p. m., bhelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankforb for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after bhe hour from 6 :30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m.f and ab 10:30 p.m., bhe lasb car going only as 1 axas Lexington.p .GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLE 'ss.Suggestive Dances Barred.Kansas City, Mo. Dance halls ofthis city in the future will have to barthe "bunny hug," the "grizzly bear"and the "turkey trot" styles of dancing. The recreation department of theboard of public welfare ordered thatsuch dances be eliminated her In the"interest cf the morals of th3 youngpeople of the city."State op Ohio, City of Toledo.Lucas County.Frank J. Cheney makes oabh bhabhe is senior member of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inr.hfl nt,v of Toledo, countv and stateaforesaid, and bhab said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOL-LARS for each and every case of ca.-,barrh thab cannob be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn bo before me and subscribedin my presence this 6bh day of Deomber, A. D.. 18SG. :0 A. W, GLESON.Oeal) Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for const:-1pation. j'Division.Csrs leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminubes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until (3:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:0op. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown,every hour on the hour from fi a. m.until 7 p. m. and at 9 and lip. mCars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7'30 p.m. and ab 9:20 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:1s a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15-p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankforb, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphorfes: Old Phone 309, NewPhone, 309.In the Dog Watch.Objection is made in New York todrowning stray dogs, for fear so manysunken barks may obstruct navigation. Christiac Advocate.-r:km: ' '. 7r-7?9njm.i-m.-;"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV- 1911 17i ,VMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. Thomas McClintock attendedcounty court at Owingsville Monday.Mrs. Perry M. Shy, of LomsTille, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. H. D.Sby.Mrs. Jennie Bonar, of Falmouth, isthe guest of Mesdames E. H. Kerr and.J. M. Mason.Mr. J. E. Caldwell, of Helena, arrived Tuesday as the guest of his sister,Mrs. J. C. Leer.Messrs. E. B. Taylor and J. P. Redsnond were at Piqua hunting Wednesday and Thursday.Miss Mary Taylor left Monday fcr aweek's visis to her sister, Mrs. K. B.Hutchings, at Lexington.Mrs. W. S. Judy and niece. MissMarie Louise Cray, were in Cincinnati.from Tuesday until Thursday.Mr.'Chas. Kobertson and sons.Arthurand Clarence, spent Wednesday and"Thursday in Fleming county huntingMiss Walker, who is drilling the wcrkis in every way thoroughly qualified.They should be greeted by a largeaudience. The program between actswill be especially good. Reserved seats35 cents; general admission 25 cents.The proceeds go to the college annualMrs. S. B. Turner is visiting relatives in Cynthiana.Mr. J. P. Auxier was in Cynthianaon business yesterday.The infant son of Mr. and Mrs.Mack Jones is critically ill.Mr. S. C. Bascom, of Owingsville,is the guest of Mr. V. L. Barton.Capt. and Mrs. Dave Thompson,of Maysville, were visitors in the cityWednesday.Mrs. Miller Ward will spend theweke with her sister, Mrs. ArthurHancock, who is in Cincinnati.Mrs. K.A. Frank has issued invitations for a card party Wednesday jafternoon and also a luncheon for Friday. Mrs. J. E. Hunter, was the guest ofher sister. Miss Ora Hunter, at Washington, Ky., fcr several days thisprogram is epsecially gcod and is under the direction of Capt. HowardFrtas. The cadets will be assisted inthe production of the play by Mrs.Leslie Shrout, of Owingsville, andMisses Martha Smith and Louise Myall, of Millerbsurg. The play is underthe direction of Mrs. Best, who is exerting every effort to make it a success and it promises to eclipse all herformer efforts.THEATRICAL.DEATHS.Messrs. E. B. Current, of Lexington, and Ed Current, of Louisville, at-I"h,.tended the funeral of Mr. W. T. Payne, wec'here Monday. I Mr. Carl Crawford, who hasbeenThe turkey season opened here Wed-,-P,, f m,,,,.,,, uc a4-.-nAuijiltai vjikjr, j.gaci., nan n,uui.n.n ounesday and the work of butchering isprogressing at a rapid rate. They arebeing received daily.Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper left Wednesday for the bedside of her mother,Mrs. Blackerby, who is critically ill ather home at Brooksville.Mr. I. J. Prather, while entering astreet car a few days ago in LosAngeles, Cal., accidentally fell, receiving some ugly bruises.The greater part of our sportingpeople took advantage of the first dayof the hunting season. Wednesday trietown was practically deserted.3In the football game Monday afternoon between Georgetown College andM. M. I. the game resulted in a scoreof 6 to 5 in favor of Georgetown.Mr. T. R. Wilson has returned after-a several weeks absence at SilverCreek, where he has been on businessfor the L. & N. railroad company.Mrs. E. B. Taylor and mother, Mrs.Nettie Gardner. Messrs. J. B. Crayand F. F. Hurst attended the funeralof Mr. D. L. Robbins at North Middletown yesterday.Don't forget the popular drama, "AGirl's Secret." at the M. F. C. chapelSaturday night by the young ladies ofthe college. It is one of the bestpieces ever put on in that institution.this city to reside.Mrs. P. H. Lane.of Philadeplphia,who has been visiting friends in Lexington ill come Monday for a visit toMrs. Swift Champ.Mrs, Robert C, Talbott entertained the Sewing Circle at her home nearAusterlitz Tuesday. The gatheringwas made up of ladiesx from Borubon,Fayette and Clark counties. An elaboI rate luncheon was served.E. W. Ammerman, of Cynthiana,who recently sold his farm in thiscounty, will remove to Millersburg andenter in partnership with Dave Clarkand go into the coal, grain and feedbusiness with hardware, lumber andfarm implements on the side.I At a call meeting of Amity LodgeNo. 40 F. & A. M. Monday nightMajor Brown, of M. M. I., receivedhis entered apprentice degree, while. Messrs. D. E. Clarke and ArthurKenedy were given their fellowcraft.j The work was done by M. P. CollierWorshipful Master pro tem. Mr. AlexMiller will take his master Masonwork next Monday night. A full attendance is desired.The cadets of M. M. I. are hard atwork on the three act comedy drama,"Rube and His Ma," which will beput on at the M. M. I. drill hall on theevening of December 8. The musicalA telegram received by Mr. Chas.Stephens, of this city, Tuesday morning told of the death of his sister,Mrs. Lou Stephens Clark, which occurred at Pasadena, Cal., Monday afternoon. Mrs. Clark was abou eightyyears of age and had been in declininghealth for some time, owing to heradvanced age. She was a native ofParis, daughter of the late JosephStephens, Dut had lived in Californiafor a number of years. She is survived by her husband, Mr. William Clark,one son, Mr. Carl Clark, and twodaughters, Mrs. Willie Smith, of London, Eng., and Mrs. Louis Muir. Twobrothers, Mr. Chas. Stephens, ofParis, and Mr. Joseph Stephens, ofMarietta, O., also survive.Mrs. Anna Lydick Barlow diedTuesday morning at 7:30 o'clock atthe family home near Jacksonville.Mrs. Barlow had been ill since laBtFebruary with paralysis. She was 76years of age, and is survived by herhusband, 'Justice J. T. Barlow, andfive daughters, all or whom live inTexas. They are Mrs. Ella Winston.Mrs. Lelia Ammerman, Mrs. MollieHill, Mrs. Bettie Stamp and Mrs.Frankie Johnson. Mrs. Winston wasthe only one of the daughters at homewhen the mother died, she having arrived from Texas Sunday.Mrs. Barlow is also survived Iby abrother, Mr. Andrew Lydick, of Cynthiana. and a sister, Mrs. H. C. Funk,of Georgetown.The funeral took place at the residence yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.The services were conducted Dy ElderJ. T. Sharrard. The pall-bearers wereMessrs. Thomas Fesler, J. Will Smith,'John Shropshire, Will Cantrill, EugeneRucker, Allison Barlow, Oscar Carrickand Will Lydick.Contributions for Thanksgiving.The Pastor's Aid Society of thePresbyterian 'church is preparing aThanksgiving box for the orphanageat Anchorage and are desirous of recpjving donations. All who wish tocontribute are requested to send theirboxes to the home of Mrs. NewtonMitchell on Duncan avenue not laterj than Saturday, November 25."PECKS' BAD BOY."Every scene in "Peck's Bad Boy,"which is the attraction at the Grandon-Friday evening, November 17, willbe familiar to the many people whowill delight in this opportunity of seeing once more a plas which has de-liirl-ttdthem so many times in thepast. The first act is played in thecorner grocery store conducted by theold German. Schultz. who is the buttof most of the Bad Boy's good naturedpranks. The second act shows a tpyical hotel officb which the Bad Boyturns upside down in less time than ittakes to tell and the third act represents a famly picnic which would havebeen orderly, peaceful and quiet had itnot been for the lively scion of thehouse of Peck.The nlav IS nrimnrilv n nnmorK' S"an1has been written only with the intention of making people laugh. It has,however, 'a tuneful musical settingsupplied by the various members ofthe company, all of whom .are clevervaudeville entertainers. " Popularprices 25, 35 and 50 cents.MATRIMONIAL.iGaery Bay a Bargain Day at Out Storeiteadily IncreasingI BusinessIs proof that the public appreciate the rightsort of footwear we sell, and the way wesell them,MhdWixfrir&zZfW'Ww:wTit!JJ-.'urK- um ,'1VS5If you are ready to select your Winter footwear, in justice to yourself, seeour wonderful exhibit of high-grade Footwear, including all the apuroved stylesof the season.You will find here Shoes that are made of the best materials and workmanship, at prices that no other store is in a positionjto offer you f orflikequality.Ladies' and growing girlsShoes, school heels, latest style toes in Patentand Gun Metal,$2.50 value, Special$1.99We have a splendidassortment of high-gradeLadies' Tan Button Shoesa.ud Bootees at a greatsaving.lily BootsHigh Cuts a specialty.When you go huntingbuy a pair of our waterproof Shoes. We guarantee to save you money.We are Headquartersfor Boys' and Girls' Winter Footwear.Children's high-top button School Shoes in GunMetal and Patent, sizes8 1-2 to 11.$2.00 value, Special$1.49Same in Misses' sizes,11 1-2 to 2, $1.74.Men's latest style toes,Tan and Gun Metal, button and lace.Special $1.99Rubber Footwear Retailed at Wholesale PricesDAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign. vCut Flowers.The finest of cut flowers furnishedon short notice. Funerals, parties andweddings given prompt attention.VARDEN & SON.Added Attraction at the Grand.As an added attraction at the Grandtonight Miss Talbott, of the CometTheatre, will between the acts of"Peck's Bad Boy," sing "Where theRiver Shannon Flows."Anything but That.Only one letter In a million goesastray, and that one, an exchangesays, never happens to be a bill.A marriage license was isued yesterday to Mr. W. H. H. Donbonan andMrs. Ora Cook.Fine Portraits.1 Through the courtesy of Mr. Spengle,the well known Lexington photographer, referring to me the representativesof a well known artist, enables me tooffer to the people of Faris and .Bourbon county the same grade of highclassjwork Mr. Spengle i3 selling tohis best patrons. Mr. and Mrs. Clarkand Mr. Hurley will call at the homesdisplay work and take orders and bellcontracts, as this work is sold only bythis method. This work is made .fromthe miniature ,to the large size porgtrait. Only a limited number will besold at this time. This line of portraits is guaranteed and sold by theleading city photographers.NORMANS'STUDIO.Mental Hurt Added.What makes a sore toe hurt worseis for the man who steps on it towalk away without apologizing.Cut Flowers.The finest of cut flowers furnishedon short notice. Funerals, parties andweddings given prompt attention.2t VARDEN & SON.The Real Thing.Imported creations in hats at fromSI. 50 tc $1.75 just received. These arethe real thing.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.At Cost for Cash.Beginning on November 15 our en?tire stock of millinery will be sold forcash for the next 17 days, or until December 1 at cost and below. In orderto get cash we will make this sacrificeon all trimmed hats, pattern hats, ribbons, trimmings, etc. We have a goodline of $6 pnd $7 hats that we will sellat $3.50.This is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinrey, as this advertisement is not made to fool the public butto impress them that we are willing tosacrifice our stock to turn it into cashat once.MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Brilliant Chief Sold.W. E. Stillwell, of Chilesburg,Fayette county, sold the past week toJ. W. Williamson, of near Nashville,Tenn., the four year old saddle stallion, Brilliant Chief, for a substantialfigure which was not made public. Thehorse was bred in the strongest ofsaddle horse lines being a son of thechampion Bourbon King and out ofPlumie by Sterling Denmark seconddam the famous old show mare andproducer, Minnie Parvin by McDonald's Halcorn and the dam of Mr.Stillwell's successful stallion, PatWashington.At Cost for Cash.Beginning on November 15 our entire stock of millinery will be sold forcash for the next seventeen days oruntil December 1 at cost and below.In order to get the cash we will makethis sacrifice on all trimmed hats, pattern hats, ribbons, trimmings, etc.We have a good line of S6 and $7 hatsthat we will sell at $3.50.This is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinery as this advertisement is not made to fool the publicbut to impress them that we are willing to sacrifice our stock to turn it into cash at once.MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Season's Record Price forWeanling.The season's record price for aweanling saddle colt was reached whenJ. F. Barbee, of Millersburg, sold toan eastern man the bay colt, JubileeKing, son of Bourbon King, dam Ericson Queen, sister to Eric Chief, byWarrisnn Chief, for S500. The nnltwas a winner at the Georgetown fairand is bred to become a champion ashis sire was an unusually high classcolt and his dam a handsome big mareand sister to the noted stallion EricChief. Mr. Barbee is also owner ofthe filly Rosa King for which an offerof $800 was refused as a suckling.Bourbon county is far in the lead ofall athers when it comes to producinghigh class saddle colts and this factwas given prominence when the wingner of the National Saddle HorseFuturity and three others inside themoney were bred in this county. Mildred King the winner is said to be doing nicely and wintering well. Anoffer of $500 was recently refused forher. She also won something like $750this year in the Futurity and at theother fairs where she was shownwhich is easily the record amount fora scukling to win in a single season.Another .Bourbon county colt thatsold well was the weanling chestnutcolt Wah Wah Chief by Red McDonaldBath Queen by Borubon Chief, thatW. F. Saunders, of Millersburg, soldto'an Iowa man for $300. The coltwon tenth raoneyin the Futurity.Uncle Eben."De man dat expects to git STlmpin,foh noffin'," said Uncle Eben, "generally makes a mighty risky InTestmentof time an' trouble dat ought to bworth consid'able."Making Use of Street Rubbish.At Southwark, London, and at StOuen, France, street rubbish Is transformed into a marketable product. AtSouthwark all the refuse Is crushed toa powder, which is sold as a manure.At St Ouen the powder thus made,with the addition of combustible substances, is formed into a cheap fueLiTEHW'UtWK "fw--W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings ForWhole Family at Reasonable Prices.thefWe suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured Ring.Here is a ring that is so good that, it is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are spiling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmost confidence. It is the ring' we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy ot a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,$5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and a3kfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.lii S " vjii sEjTk - AlSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers."The House of Quality." fLBoth Phones. MJIN TIMESru-j--i-2c-"k v- yjhirr ru ?ir. i - .c5i " vWL MmKtwfmm 3!fl-mmmm m m wicJPJM'.' mm21910, by tOT Standard AiVt GdiiBANKCopyrightHOULD sickness come, or an accident occur, are vouprepared to provide the extra money required at sucha time? If not, why take chances? Are you prepared for the unexpected? Provide for the emergency byhaving money in the bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsCapital $100,0004DEPOSIT BANKOFPARIS.Surplus $30,0004h$Mh$MXXXBOTH PHONES Day 36J. T. HINT0N.PARIS, KENTUCKYFUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDEMBALMERAmbulance Service FumigatingBest Equipped Establishment in Central Kentucky$XNIGHT PHONESOld 56 or 22New 65, 22 or 286ejnfr4Hp4 ?SMALL TRACT OF IMPROVED LANDFOR SALE PU3LIGLY,ON THURSDAY, NOV. 33, 1S11,at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, I will sell to the highest bidder my homeplace of six acres improved land, located 2VZ miles from Paris, Ky on the Peacock pike.The improvements consist of a new five room cottage with metal roof, meathouse, with good dry cellar under same, a No. 1 tobacco and stock barn, withtongue and grooved loft, and a storeroom with metal roof. It has a splendidcistern, fruit of all kinds, and all fencing first class.This is a well located tract of excellent land there is no better in BourboncounJfrv, Lw,il aSrow good tobacco and is an ideal place for a market garden.TERMS Made known on day of sale. Immediate possession.BELLE TALBOTT.MRS,GEO. D. SPEAKE3. Anp.tirmpprFor further information address Harris & Speakes, PariKy.64i-iuuv v-uoj - . ,(r ,