rTHE BOURBON NEWS.'?vtrrwPUBLISHED EVEBT TUESDAT AND FB.IDAY IN THE YEAE.NbVOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1911.NUMBER 27(Insure with W. O. fiinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tf j gFresh CaughtSALMONIThe NecessaryAccessories For TheSPRINGTOILETMATRIMONIAL.i 1AndReel Foot LaneFisn To-aau.Logan Howard.I Charming Novelties inJ Neckwear.J Unique Collars of- LaceJ and Embroidery.J Soft Stock.I Latest Embroidered andLace Jabots.I New Shetland Veils.j A.M. CADEN,210 W. Main,1 Lexington, KentuckyI.itIXaIxsIsaJsIsIIISiIi n ui: a:i hh- uu hu an.HIB25.,McVjStwASIS4SastYour Money BackIf My Goods Fail to Please.Standard Granulated Sugar, 20 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 123-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Baby Bunton Corn, 2 cans 25Matches, 3 boxes 10Argo Starch. 3 boxes 10Arbuckle Coffee, per pound 23Old Reliable Coffee, per pound 28Mackerel Fish, large size, 2 for 15San tee Syrup, 2-pound cans, 2 cans 15Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Navy Beans, 3 quarts 25Rolled Oats, 2 boxes 15Prunes, per pond 10Cream Cheese, per pound 20White Karo Syrup, quart can 10White Karo Syrup, half-gallon can 20White Karo Syrup, gallon can 40Asparagus, per can 25Asparagus Tips, per can 25California Table Peaches, 2 cans .355-Tie Brooms . . 354-Tie Brooms '. 254-Tie Brooms 20Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBias Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LENIHAN, Prop. $AS Both Phones 234 WimBSKBSfe$4-lUGW1mC&P"$ts&'SSifcffifc&20173-iw&The Easter SaunterTHEright things and the bright things towear gathered from all SOURCES of fashionkeen merchandising men."High-Art" Spring Suits that are London-likein cut, cloth and contour. Full-chested, lapelrolled and free-skirted. A wee bit British, butnot a bit foppish $20 t(f $35.Other "High-Art" models a-plenty for men,whose taste has stayed staid. All of them allwool all through. All of them radiating ease andelegance and possessing the "smack" of.ithecrack tailor.KtfSS- X-tra Good Suit Por Boys From$2.50 to $10.00 ;m tzziThz latest Novelties in Hats,;Neckwear; and Shirts for gasterWear,Lf-VSSSkPrice &! Co.,wmi 3 mS . Cloth2crs. 11;At the residence of Mr. and MrF.Thomas Best on South Main streetFriday evening, Miss Imogene Poaleswas united in marriage to Mr. SanfordRoberts. The marriage ceremony wasperformed by Rev. O. B. Crockett, ofthe Methodist church. The bride, whois of New York, ia an attractive andaccomplished young woman and was ona visit to Mrs. Best when the weddingoccurred. The groom is a valued employe of the Louisville & Nashvillerairload. After the ceremony Mr. andMrs. Roberts left for a short weddingtrip after which they will return toParis to reside.Mrs. Wililam B. Griffin, of thiscity, announcss the engagement of herdaughter, Virginia Keith, to Mr. Edward Powell Bosworth, of Middlesboro, Ky. The wedding will occurApril 27, at the home of the bride'saunt, Mrs. J. T. Sharrard, on Mainstreet. It will bo a very quiet affair,unly the neaiest relatives and intimatefriends being invited. Miss Griffin isa pretty and attractive young girl,and often visits here. Her motherwas, before her marriage, Miss Vansant. The bride-to-be is a niece of Dr.J. T. Vansant, of Paris, and Dr. J. A.Vansant, of Mt. Sterling. ' She is thegranddaughter of W. K. Griffith andMargaret Spears Griffith, of Harrisoncounty, and is from the oldest, bestestablished and wealthiest families inthe state.Mr. Bosworth is the j'oungest son ofMrs. Ben Bosworth, of Lexington, andrecently lucated in Middlesboro, wherehe has a repsonsible position as manager of the Postal Bank. He i3 also abrother of Hon. H. M. Bosworth andSenator. Joseph Bosworth, and is anattractive and popular young manMiss Mary Glass Qnd Mr. DanielDaugherty, of Lexington, secured amarriage license here yesterday afternoon and were united in marriage bySquire L. J. Fretwell in his privateoffice in the court house.r"We Know Mow."WW&oONCE MORESpring 0en . .WITH it we herald for you our fresh newstyles to go with the season. Youthink of clothes with the Spring and yourbest interests must turn your mind towardour store.5'J&-XJtX'JSIIn this you are wise, for in our large stockof Spring styles there is no better clothesvalue in the world.RELIGIOUS.The C. W. B. M. will observe thiswek as week of prayer. Thursdaywill be observed as memorial day forMrs. Matilda A. Dailey and Mrs.Margaret Wornall, two of the oldestmembers of the Board who died recently. Rev. J.' M. Maxon will preach atthe Episcopal church Thursday eveningat 7 o'clock, Friday at 10 a. m. andafternoon at 4 o'clock. Regular Eastrservices Sunday morning at 10 :45 andafternoon at 4.The Women's Society of the Christian.chajh..will meet Tuesday .afternoun wiTh Mts. W. T. Brooks at herhome on Duncan avenue.BIRTHS.Born, on Saturday to the wife ofJ. E. Carpenter, of near this city, ason; still born. Mr. Wallingford wasformerly of Wallingford, Flemingcounty.Born, to thp wife of IWm. Graveson the Hume Bedford pike, Saturday,a daughter.tJury Fails to Fix Blame.Coroner Rudolph Davis Saturdaymorning held an inquiry into the causeoFthe death of Calvin Elam, who waskilled by a fall fr.im a telephone poleat the corner of Seventh street andHiggins Avenue. A rumder of witnesses were examined, and a thoroughinquiry made into the possible cause ofElam being thrown from the pole rjyan electric shock. Before rendering averdict the jury which was comprisedof R. M. Herris, W. A. Thomson. F.P. Lowry, C. J. Lancaster and Wm.Remington visited the scene and madea thorough survey of the pole and thewire which lead to it, but in the verdict failed to fix the blame. The verdict of the jury is as follows :"We, ttiejury. find that the bodyfound at the foot of the telephone polein Paris, Ky., at the corner of Seventhstreet and Higgins avenue, on April 4,1911, was the body of Calvin Elam, also we find that there was a live wireon the pole from which Calvin Eiairfell and was killed, but trie cause ofhis death is unknown to us."Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.6SW$to$m5WMWMWMWuWrt$Wall Papers.Don't fail to aee J. T. Hinton's lineof wall papers. He has thtm put onright too. Guaranteed.Open Session oil Literary SocietyBelow is the program to be producedat the Open Session of the Paris HighSchool Literary Society, Thursdayevening, April 13, at 7:30 o'clock, inthe Paris High Schoolauditorium. Thisprogram will be rendered by membersof the Sophomore Class The publiccordially invited to attend. Admission free.PROGRAM.Music High'School Band. .Address by the President, Paul Branno nMinutes by the Secretary MissElsie Heller.Miscellaneous Business.Debate Resolved, That Foreign Immigration is Detrimental to theUnitedStates.Affirmative Marmaduke Brown andG. C. Thompson.Negative Mary llayden and ClaraChambers.Chorus High School Pupils.A Reading Thoma3 Link.A Parody on Basket Ball Jean McGinley. Chorus or Music by Band.Questions and Answers ClarenceHarney, Roy GaUoway.School News riditedby John Stuart;Read by Nell Rummans.Music Band.mimmiUHmi'iuuinujimuiMiimmimuuiimumm3 . . .. . . ?rn a c v a iwr ixAi Nis. ex vvy.tThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Now Showing aSplendid Line ofHigh-Gradeand Popular-PricedHATSFor Ladies, Misses andChildren vW&rm&&!18f 13 11&Sb. E-fA CompleteStock ofLadies' and MissesWoolenSuits, Dresses,Coats, Skirts,Silk and Wash Dresses,Silk and Wash Waists,Evening Capes and Coats.Your Trade Solicited.FRANK & CO.OPxmmwI: "liltMm '' jMHI if' rmm1.- Slit!Till IIPg,rr,itm!uH?tr uuitiaiHiiUHuiniuuiuuicimniiimiimiiiutiiULiiiuuHiuHi mnmiin...nitI3S3.Kcjuununuius At-MmsBuiamsamAdjournment.'I-.f 3B&aE 25P SK XW HVKmjryssii3SEnBnnxKninis$m T. -.xsrajgrassx&ietiS5rE3raHr?w2SW& $?&" P&.iijmrimmmmfrnmpTSwigipv Yflip WTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL ii, 19ii.pyLMTJB1k111tmhifX3kLuIIISXMMMM SSSSSS&SXXSKXWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS, jSHINGLES, POSTS, (SASHES, DOORS, HfBLINDS, HARD ANDSOPT COAL,AGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing. jWINTER HANGS ON jAND YOUR COMFORT HANGS ON jgYOUR COAL BINS.If the supply runs short we stand ready to supply Bthe deficiency. ,' yeJTEMPLiN LUMBER CO. jiA Treat For AH Classes WhoSmoke.it Jfv J S ! w J vMf , ffiAn Idol Cigarin his "mouth forhis own delectation, a few ini : s . r his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest,llesorfc, therefore, all ye -whoare fond of a goodsmoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorlothe bqurbon:newsBOTH 'PHONES. 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$s.oo !.Payable inSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Warm Fight is to Be Expected.John J. Craig, of Covington, Republican candidate for Railroad Commissioner in the Third Kentucky District,was in Pans last week looking overhis fences in Boarbon county. Whilehere Mr. Craig engaged twenty roomsat he Hotel Windsor and all that wereavailable at the Stag, for the accommodation of his followers who will attend the convention here on May 3.The race for the Republican nomination for Railroad Commissioner iswaxing hot and the convention to be , spiciously planted in one of" his finestseven mules from one mare, that cost$160 seven years ago for $1,795, andsold the mare for $355, and this samemare should, with proper care, raise12 or 15 more colts. What have doneothers can do."Night Riders Leave Note andSwitches.W. H. Romine, a tobacco prower,living near JBloomfield, Wednesdaymorning found a bunch of switcheswicn a note or warning attached conThe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff of Our Coffeewill tell you it is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smells.Rich, golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coiiee fit fora king. Be good to yourselfand try a pound.held in Paris promises to be the warmest veer known in the district.From the present outlook the raceseems to be between H. Green Garrett, of Winchester, and Craig. Garrett claims that he has the nominationwon, and that he will carry the solidvoteof the Tenth Congressional district, and the counties of Bourbon,Madison, Bath. Owsley. Boyd. Lawrence, Greenup and Harlan, with second instructions in Nicholas, Fleming,Carter and 'Ruwan, and a number ofother votes sufficient to eventually insure him the nomination.Craig will go into the conventionbacrked by the solid vote of the Sixthdistrict, and with all the strength thattobacco beds.. Residents of the countyare aroused. The note reads: "Destroy these tobacco beds immediately.We fully intend to see thar no tobaccois raised in this county tl i year. Youknow what those switcl. s indicate.So prevent further trouble. Don't letus give you any more notices aboutit." The note was written in i scrawlins? hand and was signed "A Companyof Wronged Tobacco Raisers."Asphalt Found in Carter County.A rich bed of asphalt rock has beendiscovered near Soldier, Carter county,according to James H. Gardnpr, of theUnited States Geological Survey, whoth Wp nf William H.Cox can throw ! has just returned from making an ex. . .-. -r i orviinolinn P 4- V r Wrr-h m. ni e A. T. Slier ana jacKsonBALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto: es, Cornzr Seventh and Main and South MainMorris will divide the rest of the Eleventh ditsrict between them The Silervote, if he can control it, will go toCraig, while the Morris vote will beinherited by Garrett if Powers' friendhas no chance for the nomination.Senator Bradley and Judge O'Rearand Congressman Langley are backingGarrett, and it is claimed by hisfriends that at the proper time Internal Revenue Collector Fields will alsothrow his strength to the Clark countyman. If this plan is carried out theTenth district candidate cannot be defeated. The Craig forces, however, claimthat the goods cannot be deliveredagainst him. The friends of JudgeSamuel Holmes, of Carlisle, s?y thatthe fizht between Garrett ano Craigwill get so warm at the county con-vpntinn nn Anril 29 that their mannewlineamination of the deposit. Thefield comprises 600 acres, on theof the C. & O. railroad.Mr. Gardner says it is of such quality and in such abundance that cities ofKentucky can secure asphaltum forstreets and roofing without having toimport it. Eastern capitalists havebegun negotiations, he says, with theowners for the immeidate developmentof the property.Callahan Will Leave Breathitt.Ed Callahan, former Sheriff ofBreathitt county and one of the reputed feud leaders during the Hargis regime, was in Lexinglon Wednesdayenroute to Cincinnati on business.While in Lexington he made thefact known that h8 is rapidly disposing of his holdings in Breathitt countywith the view cf leaving that sectionm.-ii k., ; n nndtinn tn cprtire the dum and seeking a more peaceful location... . .!.. j. n .. I vuHoro- ho U7ill nnt- nltwn va hon.? a satistnctorv canaiaate 10 uu xai;- "" v- .:-'tions, and that unless liarrett or oraipearly. that tneWorking in the Garden&&Jfiatenar.vsAJi Jiagar-is a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We havecomplete line of the bestden implements in the world.They are made for real se .'viceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. KZent-uLG3s.vI Bourbon Laundryis$D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.f!JOffice Opp. Postoffice. Wascan win the nominationNinth district will get the nomination,.iThSnh fhau nloim thou nrp PTltitled ton that district has never had the nom-'.also recently disposednation sine the commission was created. The convention will he the largestattended of any ever held in the Kailroad aistrict and that Senator Bradley,in dreadof the assassin's bullet.Recently he sold his large generalmerchandise store at Crockettsville tohis son-in-law, Clifton Grose, and hasof two of hisfarms in that vicinity1. He says he'still owns a five hundred acre tract ofvaluable coal land, which is in thewake of the new extension of the L.& E. now being built through that sec-L.ieut. Gov. Cox, Judge O'Rear, Con- tion. anu ii is uiiueratoou mat uu i?Langley and Congressman trying w sen una property.llnMnnm onrt IUUUU" augressmanPowers. E. T. Franks. Edall thp lp.arlp.rR in the Dartv will bepresent. From the present outlookthe convention will be a long-drawn-outaffair, and vill recall the convention held sitxeen years ago in Kichmond.Nwhen D. N. Comingore, nowdeceased, and John C. Wood, of Mt.Sterling, opposed one another for thenomination., At that time the convention first met in Louisville, where itwfs in session three days, and failedto make nomination and was adjournedto Richmond, where Wood won out after a very hard: fight, his forces beingled by Judge OrRea", now a candidatefor the Republican nomination foruse-Governor,Davey Trefc ExpertKent, Ohio.Co.,Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tree Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER,406 Pleasant street.Home phone 254. Paris. Ky.A P rticular Service For, Particular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yoar laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.Gut Out Crops and Raise Mules.J. H. Baughman, who is on his wayhome from Atlanta and other Southernpoints, where he has had a most successful season selling Kentucky bredmules, ''writes the Stanford Journalthat the thing for Kentucky farmersto do'instead of wasting time with tobacco, hemp, etc., is to devote theirattention to'mule breeding and to raiseu.ore, better and larger mules Hesays :"It will pay the average farmerbetter than raising either hemp or tobacco There has not and will not bean over production of mules Theynever were scarcer or higher I havebeeen selling high class Kentucky andTennessee mules in Atlanta, Georgia,the Second largest mule market in theworld, for five months"Having sold nearly 1,000 head andfully one-half of this number averaged$250 per hpad, for the benefit of ourMissouri and Kansas friends, I wantto say Kentucky anl Tennessee muleteams have brought the highest pricesJ of any sold in Atlanta. All Kentuckyand Tennesseeeieed to do is to Jkeeptheir best jacks and get some moregood draft types of mares by eitherbuying them from our northern neighbors or raising them."As has been thoroughly demonstrated by myself and others, there isno place on the habitable globe wherefiner and bette mules can be raisedthan in pld Kentucky. Automobilesmay affett the price of horses but willnever cause mules to sell any lower.Railroad construction, coal mining,farm work, and many other uses requiring animal power make an. increasing demand for the mule and as aoovestated, the largest and finest mulescommand the highest prices. It costsbut little more to raise a $250 or $30Umule than it doesj $150 mule."Thora is nn haifar nr mnrf nrnfir-able business that a man can engage Up-to-Date Livery, Sale andin man xaising nign-ciass muica. 1 1 FJ Ci-ulAValue of Modern Education.W learn a ereat deal that isless abput geography, but ask any simple question of the average "educated''person the shortest route to Persiafor instance, or how many days ittakes to go to India or to Argentinaand you will probably receive a wronganswer or no answer at all. PetiteRepublique.Something Lacking."I don't like my new gown verywell," said the young lady. "The material is awfully pretty, and the styleis all right, but it needs something toImprove the shape of it." "Why." suggested her dearest friend, "don't youlet some other girl wear it?"Woman's PowerCher ManWoman's most glorious endowment is the powerto awaken and hold the pure and honest loves of aworthy man. When she loses it and still loves on,no one in the wide world dan know the heart agonyshe endures. The woman who suffers from weakness and derangement of her special womanly organism soon loses the power to sway the heart ofa man. Her general health suffers and she losesher ood looks, her attractiveness, her nmTnVn;t-vand her power and prestige as a woman. Dr. R.V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N.Y., withthe assistance of his staff of able physicians, has prescribed for and cured manythousands of women. He has devised a successful remedy for woman's ailments. It is known as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It is a positivespecific for the weaknesses and disorders peculiar to women. It purifies, regulates, strengthens and heals. Medicine dealers sell it. No honest dealer willadvise you to accept a substitute in order to make a little larger profit.IT MAKES WEAK 70IEI STRONG',SICK WOMEN WELL,Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and strengthen Stomach, Liver and Bowels.GEO. W. DAVISFBNERAL DIRECTOR iND LICENSED E1BALME1. 1JBOTH'PHOES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.ssspgaaffiss'ezI Were you dissatisfied with youri lastCoaL TryBshBSVBBlBBBBBB&' "TAn "7RKBISBJ fj WBBHBBBBBBHiBBB9iifSiflSBsJ3- &&3fcQBBT BTVBBBBBBrBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.QrsfcQgeaajtirzgBjbgexQfcflgi iifiat ' 'friHilChas, 3. Brent & Bro.Field Seeds,Caldwell's Boone County WhiteSeed Corn,Field Seed and Oats,Dr. Haas' Hog Cholera Remedy.Salt.CHAS. . BRENT BRO.Both 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, . Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a Specialty ofHauling Tobacco.have fully demonstrated this by selling...DID YOU KNOWThat I Build All Kids ofFEATHERS?I DO. I also buy and pay more money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for all kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and Furs.BEEP HIDES. Until further notice I will pay you from7 1-2 cents to dcents per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St, Phone 374Paris, Ky.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges at4Paris, MillersburgUNorth Middletown, Little? Rock andRuddles Mills."Whenyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.''The East Tennessee Telephone CoBFCOKPOKATBD.,.BOTH TELEPHONES.AL.THE BOURBON NEWS', PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 11, 191 1"BLACK HAWKCORN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROP!Light Draft, Simple Construction.Wur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill, but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak soil, in comparisonwith deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child to do a man's work. This is a reasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill withoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or 17 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart, without stopping the team.Hand Drop Attachment with each Planter, has Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rows and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.YerkeseNM90ySBOE!6SNKB9ISaa1SXKaBSigS2332ZS222S:r?5 e iAwill vondcr11 J.I'.zCz inand ::; ertraSc.J byTHE.513e Si Jin-: -'ticnt Scpeiiutr' the mol ofortzble ami cutabie.1 U 2HI B If c1 r A Aft 6 f J Vra 1 J- hmrgjTraysgz?, 1 7 . , .TgrozarexsgreOFSTORE ROOM, STOCK, FIXTURES, ETC.Having located in Lexington, I will sell, onTUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1911,nt 10 o'clock, a m., at my lato place of business, in Claysville, my store-room,s-tock of groceries and fixtures.Lot is 50x90 feet and building has two rooms ISx32 feet each.The fixtures consist of a new cash register, scales, show cases, refrigerator. I will also sells 2 sets of harness, 1 spring wegon, a set of garden tools andother things too numerous to mention.This is a splendid stand for business and will make a good investment forany one.TERMS--Made known on day of sale.FRANK JONES.For further information apply to Harris & Speakes, Real Estate Dealers,Paris, Ky.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.. Determai!,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.SJ20 Main St., 'Phones 586.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Kennev,Paris, KentuekvjCTEPgjgy?a?gCTn?n7rSHIRLEYar?e-uMS V t.is e jjoarc ric2aary to your comfort far drcncsi or hard work. After a itv,' 6z' v, far youwhy 5fou ever wore the ordinarythree veights to z'Sii zll occupalioclengths for tall men.vour dealers or from factory at 50c.5j;nelJ Ouarr mec in ev r pairC. A. EDGARTON MFG. CO.MAiiS S1REET, M'.IKI-By, flASS.ONEDROPdown the throat of a trapey" 'chicken destroys the worms Jand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chick,diseases. MOne 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Ask for free booklet on"Diseases of Fowis."For Sale lry W. T. Brooks.ocOaug' -fiigiiigVJIUciJAifr (gpj jJ?1& 'H 'USIlrAnMargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishWeek.Margoien,LParis, Ky.J; Professional CardsJRmtk Egtigbomi1 Manicuring 35 Cents,ij Shampooing 25 Cents.i Work done promptly and satisfactionI guaranteed.awylGtfHCastTenu. Pho e 6f9J j. AvriLiirAMs,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oilicc ."",14 Main Street.Ollice Phones ! ' T 13;-Home 130.ResidenceS E. T. 334.Home 334.DK. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician."Jtnces, lioonis 4Paris,and o, Elk's;Bld'gKentuckyBETTERMENT OFRURAL SCHOOLSState-Wide Conference of Kentucky Educators.NOTED SCHOOL WORKERS TALKUnanimous Opinion of Those PresentI That It Is the Duty of the State toCause the Country School to En, courage the Boy and Girl to LoveCountry Life and to Give Them the! Ability and Desire to Love It.I Because country life skillfully andI intelligently directed assuredly offers' more ofhealth, of independence,$ ( and even of luxury, than is attain-t able in any city; and because itij is imperative that unless the problem of mai.ing the country scl'ool fitcountry life be solved, thore is everyindication mat Jventucky, pre-omi-ncntly an .lgricultural state, will soon ,find herself with a decreasing, in- jstead of ;:n increasing, population, astate wide mral school conferencewas licltl in Louisville, cdnesdav,March l!U, under the auspices of theLouisville Commercial club. i, It was a conference which may best! be designated as "neighborly" a.conference which discussed the vital1and pressing problems of. Kentucky's ,rural schools, as man to man, as .neighbor to neighbor, each interestedin finding the proper way to makeoer the rural schools of Kentucky,'so that schools which fulfill theirmission schools which touch intelli-gently, sympathetically, constantlyand consciously every social and !economic interest that concerns the !community may take the place of!the present intolerable iural school.stem of the state. jThe conference was called to onW 'a' 10::i0 o'clock in the auditorium of'1 the Seelbach Hotel.While practically all the states otthe middle-west are experiencing suchJOHX B. M 'FAR RAX,Has Ciiven Vnatintingly of His Timeand Money For the Bettermentof Kentucky School Children.movements to improve rural schools'i auiuuia- are awakening to the necessity ofproviding such training as will per-!suade the countrv bov and girl to re-illinill ir linnin ooflmn t K n .. .."" """! '' man u&uuiJu ,Irom home at the firstopportunity, Ithe question in Kentucky is possiblymore vital than in any ether statebecause of the fact that Kentuckycounties now cannot tax themselvesto erect school buildings. The tlis-kiui-i'uu conuiuon oi tne little oneroom schools, the lack of out-bulld-1ings, the overcrowding, f'he unhy-1genie conditions, the impossibility orsafe-guarding the health of the children under such awful conditions, inspired the delegates to the state-wide 'conference with a burning determination to set Kentucky right before theworld, and give "a square deal" tothe boys and girls cf the state. Thisdecision embodied in the resolution,adopted by the convention, which isays. "Resolved, that we most earnestly ask and petition the next generalassembly of cur beloved common-wealth to enact a law authorizing the!counties to issue bonds for buildingschool houses," mst with the mostpiofound and heartfelt approbationon the part of all who attended."The erection of saniary, weillighted school houses, properly heated, will in addition enhance the respect of the community for theschool."It willenable larger Diavsrroimds !to oe provided, and healthy, interes, . . - . 'ing and properly directed games to beinaugurated for the children of thecommunity. It will make possiblethe school garden and agriculturalplot and manual training and domestic science.it will make easier the studyofuiu economic interests of thocom-imunity by teaching the arithmetic,physics, chemistry, geography, history, language and composition thatlook TOWARD and not AWAY fromthe farm and country life."Itt will place the farmer boy onan equality with the city boy."It will make possible an educationfor the country boy and girl, whichwill develop all his talents withoutsending the 'children to school.'"A properly built, proper equipped school house will make possiuietne formation of co-operative industries for the women and for the men;it will encourage the formation of citizens' leagues."And it has been proven that'good roads follow good schools.' "These were but a few of the manypertinent facts in connection withbetter rural schools, which were .emphasized by the many speakers at theconvention.The opening address of Prof. Ellsworth Regenstein, afterward chosenas president of the permanent organization, sounded the keynote of theconference. He said in part:"We meet today as American citizens, frankly declaring the Stars andStripes to be our only prolection."Our coming together is the resultof a movement which has been begunby the big-hearted, patriotic men ofthe Louisville Commercial club. During the month of December that organization sent out invitations to aELLSWORTH REGEXSTEIX,Superintendent of Public Instruction,Frankfort, Ky.number cf the leading school men ofi the state, asking them to attend a. conference at the Commercial club,j That conference met on the :lst day1 of December last. An organizationwas formed, an executive committee1 appointed, and it was decided to holda state wide convention on this date,in the interest of the rural schoolmovement."The slogan. 'More Schools and, Better Schools," means to the statemote factories and better factories,. more railroads and better railroads,more traction lines and better traction lines, more agricultuie and better agriculture, more citizens and better citizenship in brief, school development means state development."Prof. Regenstein then introducedCaptain Brinton B. Davis, presidentof the Louis:llo Commercial club,' who said:' Mr Chairman anil Fellow-Citizens ofKontuokj." It h :i noble cauo thatblinds ns hero today. It. Is a c-aiJe asv.oi-Sliy and vrreat as any for which or;;i!iitl society has ever fought. AVeste around us some of its tanlari1-i luvuvrs. Men who have truly conse-crated their lives to the uplift of huni'iuity, devoting their tune, energy andtal",Us;t.t" ti i-ation .'' the growinggenerations. The Lo.uville Commercialclub etends to tho.e gentlemen a cor- 'i 'l welcome, doubly so because we are,,0',,, b n cn,nmon -i t"4 fur-tin.?-!?. of n in i in -ft fin wh lli tlirtt- 'J ..jare living their all. andare idvinjr their all. and to whichwe.fain would contribute our mites.It is our duty to sa exercise our stew- .ardships that those who follow may inherit a treasure enriched through theIntelligent manner of its application.We should take for example not the Iservant who hmied his own talent in. the ifirmind that lie might return it intact jto his master, but lie who returned ten (talents tor the live placed in his trust.I believe I am voicing an opinion inwhich you will readily concur when,I say that the greatest of our natural resources is the human mind. Without thatgreat irlt t. all others were useless indeed. There are people on this globewho have been as richly endowed as wehave been by Mother Earth, but who. 'owhiic to their ignorance, allowed Heldand forest and mine to lie unproductiveand unwoiked. In other words, theyh.ie not siithcient intelligence to appropriate their resources. 'This great natural resource the human mind the greatest of earthly bls- 'sinus, is then our most cherished heri- 'tage and we should not only preserveit intact, but put it out at everv n.siirv !,,r,t ll may lvu,rn nnt far talent, if. !.... . ' Ie auoro our cnuuren greater advantages than we enjoved. we shall haveth conscientious conviction of havingperformed our duty.1 'I he foremost need of an educationalsy--tem is to keep abreast of the tim.?$.h-u was good enough for the fifteenth 'century was not good enough for thesixteenth century, and the demands of 't tli twentieth century cannot be met lv1 th pottage of the nineteenth centurv. .1 1 ne current ot lite is ever onward, hut"rth:t v,in11 we S!l if ve cut the sun-..1.. .. . 11. . :..,.....plyit the rivers ouice.If we fail to meet the demand of tin.times; if we do not interpret the call Iof auty aright, we shall build around j.ui.-s prosperous empire a niinese wall,within which will grow the rank weedot ignorance and idleruss and ice andsuperstition, barring1 all the vital impulsi s that should act ns spring showerson fertile fields.onow me the wealth or kentuekv You 1will point not to the wide fields or the IK on-rushing streams. .,: the v.aiug forests, or the mountains with th'-ir treas- iures; nay. you will point to the lr:m inbeings who cultivate the fields, wield theax and saw in the forest, and use picknnd shovel and dynamite to open themount lin caves. They constitute thegrand asset of the State of Kentucky;nav. they are tho State.And what of those who take up thetask when we relinquish it; those children who now jo to school to have theirmlnds prepr.-cd to fake up life's battle?Fhall they make Kentucky a greater ormore honored State, or are they to boh'-mmed In by a Chinese wall of dun vn-piogns-Ivenoss?I am sure we desire toh.:e this question answered aright andthat your labors will result In the betterment of the primary and fundamentalsrhoProf. Rhoades then moved that thetemporary organization of the Kentucky State Wide Rural School Conference be made the permanent organization of the ensuing year, andthat the officers and executive committee have authority to call a meeting of the organization at any timeand place that they might see fit toforward the work of the conference.The motion was put to a vote byGovernor Willson, and passed unanimously, the officers for 1911, therefore being. President, SuperintendentEllsworth Regenstein, and Secretary,A. B. Lipscomb, .both of whom hadbeen acting in the respective capacities for the temporary organization.Upon motion of H. H. Cherry, ofHenderson, the chairman appointed acommittee of five to formulate thepurposes and resolutions of .the conference as follows: J. M. Atherton.chairman; Robert A. Cochran, McIlcnry Rhoades, T. J. Coates, andJame Speed.While this committee was at work,a hihliant address was. delivered byProf. Eggleston. of Virginia, whospoke on the twin problems of therural school Consolidation andTransportation.Prof. Eggleston said in part:We have no ironclad rule, and shouldnot have one, because children andpopulation and community conditions dorot i;roup themselves according to ironclad rules. We should take the couditlcfnsrs we lind them, and act accordingly.I sjppose the objections are the sameccr where; that the people will not consent to pive up their little schools: thatthe distances are too great for the children to reach the central schools without great hardship: that the roads aretoo bad to liuul the children; that thochildren will freeze to death, or at, Ienstb fro.st-bitten. while waiting for thowagons or while being transported; andthat the cot is too great.All of these objections have been metsuccessfully, declares Prof. Eggleston,wlo continued:During the fifth year of our policy wohave over 200 wagons running in alls -tiins of the State, and under almostctry possible condition. We have routesas log as eight miles, and as short a3tvo and a half miles. We have wagonson soid roads and bad roads; on levelmads and mountain roads; on rockyi oid- and sand roids; on macadam road3and nd-elny roads. We have transports ion wagon8 on the latent find mostmodt rn type, ar d we have ordinary farmwjmo ) f ttd up for the n-w and preciors freight. Wc luve i.n -horse and two-J. D. EGGLESTON, JR.,Superintendent of Public Instruction,Virginia.horse wagons, and in one instance wejhave a four-horse transportation wngonjor "kid-car" as It is called which!hauls between forty-tive and fifty chil-1dten to school every day.IMost of us agree that the problem welhave not solved, but must solve, Is horwito make the country school fit countryjlife. Only that sehools fulfills its mission!which "reaches out and touches intelligently, sympathetically, constantly, ancconscientiously every social and economic!interest that concerns its community..And so. when I speak of the consoll-juaieu scnooi in lrginia, i mean algrouping, at some central point, of smaltlschools into a laiger school for the purpose 01 worKing out tins problem 01making the school serve its communityIn inculcating a purposeful educationsand :i siunt 01 civic strviee.The rural people need meeting placeajfor educational, economic, and soclaypurposes. The con -oii dated school pro-oides a proper center for such meetingsin other words, the deepest meaning ofi"the consolidated school is that it tendsto soci lllze community life; it tends t?break up unsocial and anti-social tengdencies. B .We must ccst the idea burned Into thobrains and hearts of the farmers andtheir whes. that the schools should haveTund does have, a lee: and abiding in?tert in their eerj'-day work, and Isdetermined to help them and their chiljdren to make the every-day life of thecommunity economicallyour purpose.profitable, SAt the conclusion of his address;which was wonderfully comprehensive, and had the added merit of being a transcript from real life, a record of actual experience. Prof. R. P.Halleck, in a brief talk, called attention to the fact that there was nostate from whom Kentucky would aswillingly learn as from "her motherstate. Virginia." Prof. Halleck alsbwas greeted with applause when hodeclared: "I am glad that peoplehave come to acknowledge that itrequires more brains to make a success in the country thaji in the city.I take off my hat to the man whowins success in the country. In tfiocity life runs along in comparativelywell-oiled grooves in the countrythings are changing, continually. Newproblems confront you wih each day.Self-reliance is imperative. A miinj(ti.r-r?-.L.K(Continued on Pzgo, 7)T-r- V ,r 7T, TT-r- ; c 3- , , - , - j -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 11, 1911Master's Safe j KAUFMAN, STRAUS & 60 10F-aiAuvIs the Best thatMoney can buy.We guaranteeEvery one we sell.If it does not giveSatisfaction, weWill GladlyRefund theMoney.Go-CartsandSulkyAt Greatly ReducedPricesThis is araIce Saver anddoes notWaste IceCases rnade ofBest solid oak andAsh lumber.Removable IceRacks, RemovableDrain Pipe.Lined withMineral Wool.TermsLiberal !E. M. WHEELER,The New Better Value StoreCorner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingBOTH TELEPHONESrpMMBMB-reMrrrrnBaEM araacfflEggCTEBrasws Ml mm II I Id II I I llllll 1 1THERE'S ECONOMY IN THE NAME33!lvv?si5reggSBBIWhen Applied to A. F. Wheeler's New Iceberg Refrigerators.t And its the name that you must look tor whenchoosirtg your REFRIGERATOR, if you wouldhave the economical refrigerator.The best of boxes through and through. It'sthe box that will perfectly preserve, at the. minimum cost, all your food.We stand back of and fully guarantee everybox to give the best of satisfaction.A PEW PRICES MENTIONED:$7.00, $5.75, $12.50, $15, $15.75, up to $35.Ice Boves: $5.00, $7.50, $9, $14.50, $15.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMPANYBoiirka County Land;Mm art Thirl Sfs.CHAS. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court House.theandto-BQURBON CIRCUIT .COURT. jJohn Summerville Clark. Ftc, !On Petition.By virtue of a judgment and ordei ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March, 1911, termoE the Bourbon Circuit Ccurt the undersigned Master Commissioner of saidcourt will onMonday, May 1st, 1911, iat the court house door in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of 111 o'clock a. m., sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder on acredit of sis and twelve months forpqual parts of the purchase moneyland described in said judgmentordered to be sold in this action,wit:A tract of nineteen and fifty-two-hundredths'acresof land situated nearMillersburg, Bourbon county, Kentucky, on the waters of HinkstonCreek, and bounded as follows: Beginning at A. a stake in the southernmargin of a road and corner to Jos.Miller; thence with said Miller's lineS. 18 1-4 E. 12.35 chs. to B, on thenorth bank otj Hinkston,Creek ; thenceup Hinkston at common" water mark,N. 71 E. 16.43 chs. to C, a corner toChas. Mathers; thence with saidMather's line, N. 4H W.'18.81 chs. toB in southern margin of road or passway along the southeastern side ofrailroad thence along the southernmargin of said passwsy, S. 38 1-4 W?.2U chs. to E; thence S. '2 1-4, W l.fOchs. to F; tlunca S. 44A VV. 5.15chs. to the beginning, containing 19.52acres, being a part of the 113 acres, 3rods and 21 poles heretofore conveyedto Charles C. Clarke by William N.Clarke.The purchaser shall execute bondwith good surety bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent per annumfrom day of sale until paid. Payableto the undersigned Master Commissioner with a lien reserved upon saidland to secure payment of said purchase money. The purchase moneyshall remain a lien upon said land inthe hands of the purchaser until theStatutory (Juardian of said infantsshall execute bond as prescribed bysection 493 of the Civil Code of Practice. Z RUSSELL MANN, M. 0. B. C. C.E. M. Uirkson, Attorney.M. P. Kenney, Auctioneer. 11 4tCentral Kentucky's Greatest Department Store,Lexington, Ky,Exclusive New Effects-IN-"C ??"-?At Right Prices.Z J. T. Hinton sells you your furnitureat the right price and gives you a goodbi stock to select from. No secondhand goods.Application for Liquor LicenseNotice is hereby given that theunderisgned will at the meelimr of theCouncil on Thursday, April 27, 1911,apply to the Mayor and Board ofCouncil of Paris, Ky., for liene tosell at retail and to be drank on thepremises spirituous, 'vinous and maltliquors during the ensuing year at hisplace of business at 722 Main street.GEO. DUVALL.Bloodine Loosens the Dhlec-mCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harriette Wells Allen. Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andIts the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.omens uuterGarments .Individuality of Style at Sensible Prices.ITAILOR-MADE SUITS AT$25, $30, $35Adaptions from Paris models in neatly trimmed effects withsailor collar and long Revers; made out of French Serges,Summer weight worsteds and Etamine cloths in white, navy,black and all colors. Coats are made in just the rightlength, semi-fitted and lined with rich, soft peau de cygne.Skirts cut in plain, straight lines with sufficient fullness toinsure walking comfortable.COATSFor motor, touring, driving and general wear, in serges,pongees, taffetas, satins and fine linens.ILINGERIE GOWNSOf marquisette, voile and soft muslins, in solid white, satinand lace trimmed and the much-desired colored embroideryeffects.CHARMING BLOUSESOf voiie, marquisette, linen, etc., in our own exclusivemodels. Oriental trimmed effects in Helena pink, Aliceblue and all othar new colorings; Sailor collar. Dutch neckstyles with short sleeves; also high neck designs with shortor long sleeves. The strictly tailored waists in linen aremuch admired.Girls' Dresses and Waists in Peter Thompson andCo-Ed Styles.Infants' and Childrens Complete OutfitsWhite and colored dresses for school and party wear. Aparticularly great line suitable for commencement and confirmation. Straw hats, bonnets, pongee, linen, pique andcloth coats, rain capes and rain coaK children's kimonasand underwear,in this State.The best enuroP''. Lauren's DepartmentVJaOnly Keller and Cox in Race.Notices of the call for the Democratic primary election for the electionof the nominee for Representativefrom the Robertson-Nicholas Legislative District, have been posted, andboth candidates, Col. Green R. Kellerand Judge Foster V. Cox, are engagedin making an active canvass of thedistrict. Although several .prominentcitizens have been mentioned as probable candidates, it is now practicallycertain that the fight between ColonelKeller and Judge Cox will be to thefinish with but two entries in theraee.Each candidate is advocating reforms in many lines, such as bettereducational facilities, tax revision,curbing of trusts, good road movements and the betterment of the conditions of the farmers. The race willbe watched with interest by the rssi-dents of Central Kentucky, as bothmen are well known throughout thissection of the state.Acquitted o! Raid on Restaurant.Pat" Rohannon, a former rpprrtcr ofthe Louisville American AssociationBaseball team. Grnver Land, catcheron the Cleveland American LeatrueBaseball team, Sherman True, EphLillard, Jr., and Hugh Crumbauhwere acquitted Friday in the FranklinCircuit Court on the charge of raidingthe Greek restaurant in Frankfort December 26, and assaulting and shooting Steve Theopanis. The evidence introduced by the Commonwealth wasnot strong and the jury .acquitted thyoung men after being out thirty-nineminutes.tfftttttttfftfffftfffffffj:xxxx::8xxumdry 6c Co.THE LEADING SPECIALTY HOUSEEASTER MILUNERYXXxxxx New Hats From Paris and Our Own 8xx::::xx11XXXXXXXXFull brilliant display of beautfiul Hats which are from the most famousmilliners in Paris also Hats no less individual, no less charming, which areParisian inspired, but products of our own millinery designers.Dress Hats at $ 1 5, $ 1 8 and $20These prices are mentioned in particular because of the exceptional beautyof the Hats shown in this popular range, included are small and large Hats,flower-trimmed and tailored effeets; all typically French in their treatment,though made in our own workroomsQUALITY CONSIDERED OUR PRICES ARE LOWER THAN fOUND ELSEWHEREumdry 6c Co.sMain Street EaatLEXINGTON, KY.ttmmimmmmmmmn5jslJiL--We- -riirAy..-THEBOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 11,' 1911.dfills BO!JEBON NEWSFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMESong Recital Friday Night.The song recital which was recentlynuitponed will bo held in the Christiancm uich Friday evening.The Genuine.Orylopsfs Talc the genuine imjdrted "Samuria" line, 15 cents.VARDEN & SON. Sole AgentsCJaypole Held to Grand Jury.In Sqoire Fretwell's court FridayJames Claypole, charged with forrery was held to the Bourbon countygrand jury in the sum 3f S200 bond.PERSONAL MENTION.Fifteen Cenls Per Box.Genuine irpurtcd "Oorylopsis" Talcat 15 cents ptr box.VARDiiN & SO Sole Agents.Blood Poison Results From Cut.Mrs. Swneney Isgrigg, of near 'thiscity, is suffering with blood poisoningas a result of a severe cut sustained ;several days 2go on one of her hands.i IEverything We Show.J? n-i fall of style and snap, as an Iegg . full of meat.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr. E. M. Dickson is in Louisvilleon legal business.Mrs. Eil Ilinton is the guest offriends in Cincinnati.Mrs F. P. Kiser will entertain atcards Friiay afternoon.Mrs. E. M. Dickson is the guestof Mrs. L. B. Blanton in Richmond.Mr?. Marv Slivers, who has beendangerously ill is improving slowly.Judge Russell Mann is able to beout after a severe attack of lagrippe.Mr?. Jcs .?!. Hall and Miss MarthcWaller were visitors in Lexington yesterday. Mrs. Ulie J. Howard, ot Covingtun, is the guest of Mrs. CharltonAlexander.Mrs. Lucv Johnson will returnWednesdsy fcrn Greenville and Vicksburg, Miii.Mr. H. C. Smith, of North Middletown, has returned home from a Lexington hospital.Miss Kate Alexander was amongthe visitors from this city in Lexington yesterday.Miss Mattie Stivers, of Lexington,was the i;uest yesterday of iwiss iie:rietta Oberdcrfer.Seed Corn.Caldwell's Pure Bred Boone countyhite Seed Corn. For sale byCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Both phones 14 - 28 6t-OF-FOR RENT.Town Lot!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Clara II. Jones - - - - Plaintiff.vs.- - Defendant.Carrie A. KingRsiurn Home from Florida." :dge and fllrs. Robert Lee Stouthave returned from Florida where theyhave been for several months and arein Frankfort where Circuit Court is inession.Easter Means Newness.Of life. Bloom out in fresh raimentand right such as we show.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Faster Dance.The Ladles' Auxiliary of the AncientOrder of Hibernians will give rnEaster dance on Monday evening, April17. at Elks' Hall. An admission feeof $1 will be charged.Easter Neckwear.All that's new and up-to-date, 50cents, 75 cents and SI.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Faster Sale.The Junior Endeavor Society of theChristian church will have an all daysle of Easter edibles at :the store ofMr. .7. T. Hinton Saturday, April 15.Donations for the sale will be thankld!ly received."Corylocsis."We have the exclusive sale of the"Corylopsis" toilet articles.VARDEN & SON. Sole Agents.High Art Clothes,High Axt clothes fo- men and youngmen made by skilled tailors and areguaranteed to nold their shape in It very pai ticular. Have thorn in therjw hai!es of tan, greys, blue serges '3i blacks. This line is one of the jsk st makes in the U. S. Pi ice Co. iill shov you how grsmd they lit and'yoj will think they were just made for Jon. Come and see the Easter clothed."Corylopsis."We have just received a full line oftne "Corylopsis" toilet articles. Comeaad get samples.VARDEN' & SON, Sole Agents.North Star Refrigerators.J. T. Hinton sells the celebratedNorth Star refrigerator. Over 40u inuse in Bourbon ccunty. If you wantthe cheaper kind he has the Star,Majestic, Automatic, Royal and NewIceberg.Kimbrough Dies in California.News was received here yesterdayof the death of Megibbon Kimbroughwho died Monday morning in LosAngeles. A message was receivedSaturday hy nis mother, Mrs. ReeseCoughlin, of Lexington, who is visiting her sister. Mrs. F. A. Ashbrook,in Cynthiana, announcing his illnessbut which was not regarded as Ijeingserious. No particulars concerningbis death were given. The remainswill be brought from California toCynthiana for burial.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft returnedr-. i x - T i . . ...rinea tor UlSCnargmg weapon, yesterday from Cambridge, .Mass.,- t. .a.a nLiA Ln ItM - ttrtf U It i4 rnrtwneic sue iias uccn mm uci ouu, iReuben Hutchcraft, who underwent anoperation for appendicitis. She re-,ports Mr. Hutchccraft as doing nicelyaim lb iiuw uuie iu u aiuuuu.Mrs. Albert Hinton will give aIi:neheo::-briJge Thursday for MiesMatilda Alexander.Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Wormll willentertain toduy in honor of the anniversary of their wedding.Mrs. C. B. McShane and sons havereturned from a visit with Mr, andMrs. John Lair, at Cynthiana.Miss Sythie Kern has returned toher home in this city after a visit toMrs. W. K. Bayless in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. John Lyle, who havebeen spending the winter months inCalifornia returned home Tuesday.Mrs. John Woodford is at the GoodSamaritan Hospital, Lexington, undertreatment for nervous prostration.Mrs. J. C. Freeman has returnedto her home in this city after a stay ofsvereal weeks at Martinsville, Ind.Attorney Ray Mann has returnedto Louisville after a visit to his parents, JuJge and Mrs. Russell Mann..Mrs. G. M. Ellis has returned toher home in Cynthiana after a shortstay with her son, Mr. James Ellis.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bramblettehave as their guest their daughter,Mrs. E. C. Robbins, of Winchester.Mr. Brutus J. Clay will arrive tomorrow from Atlanta, Ga., to be theguest of his father. Col. E. F. Clay.Miss Alma Goyene has returned toher home in Lexington after a visit toMiss Madaline Huddleston in tnis city.Mrs. W. J. Dodd and daughter.Miss Beatrice Doyle, of Lexintgon,are the guests of relatives in this city.Miss Katherine Davis will entertain the Davis-Lockhart wedding partyat a dinner at her home on High streetthis evening.Mlc-n TToel r1rf finnhnm n-p 1 nn.don, was the guest Friday and Satur- jday of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A.W. Cottingham.--Mrs. Harold Stillwell, of Han jnibal. Mo., is the guest of Miss Matilda Alexander for the AlexanderWoodiord wedding.Miss Ella VajiArsdale will entertain the Junior endeavor Society ofthe Christian church Monday afternoon in the parlors of the church.Mrs. Frank Woodall and son,Harding, of Covington, guests of Mr.and Mrs. Ford Brent," on Pleasantstreet, have returned to their home.Prof. A. H. Morehead has movedfrom the Forman residence on Mr.Airy Avenue to the property of Dr. F.P. Campbell, corner Twelfth and Highstreets.Mrs. Claude W. Crouch, of nearLittle Rock, who recently underwentan operation at the St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, returned to her homeSaturday.Mrs. Withers Davis and littledaughter, Anne Jouett, have returnedfrom a two weeks' visit to Mrs. Davis'parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Jouett, inW inchester.Miss Goldie Saloshin, a student ofthe Cincinnati College of Music, accompanied by Miss Hazel Straus, ofCincinnati, were the guests fromThursday to Monday of Mr. and Mrs.L. Saloshin.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the alfvestyled action at the March ter.ro, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court the un-I dersigned Master Commissioner ofI said court will onMonday, May 1st, 191!,at the court house door in the Cityof Paria, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock a. m. sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder on acredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money thej property described, in the judgmentI and ordered to be sold in this action,!to-wt:' Lot Mo. 32 in Rrnnlf' ArlrliHnn inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, frontingfifty (50) feet on Brooks street, beginning in said street at a corner to lotNo. 31 and running back with said lotNo. 31, 10'ih feet to the line of lot No.32; then with the line of lot No. 31 tothe line of lot No. 33; thence with theline of lot No. 32 102 feet to Brooksstreet, thence said street 50 feet to thebeginning.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith good security, bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent per annumfrom date of sale until paid, payableto the undersigned Master Commissioner, but the purchaser may paycash if he so desires.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.P. A. Thompson, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. 11 4tFour room house, larce barn andother outhouses, together with about tfive acres of ground in the city limits, jApply to . :T. P. WOODS. . sg24 tf or GEO. RASSENFOSS. ' fe& flftlSONE MINUTE, frPLEASE !a-"'!' tni KiiKnni: iinimtQ 'Master's Sale-OFValuable House and Lot inParis, Ky.I1In.The MetzAutomobile,Simplest, most practicaland economical t w opassenger machine manfactured. Complete at$485.IllIII',m1Sara'l Kerslake & Son. j"'! nn iiU"- nn -uii i:n nil"" -nNew Records For April onSale March 28th.VICTOR AND EDISON!Nightingale -'That Girl Quartet"Gems From "The Mascotte,". ..Victor Light Opera Co.Song of a Nightiugale (The fiirst realbird song ever recorded. From acaptive Nightingale in Germany).v A bit of Grand Opera Murray andHill' I Love It American QuartetWhen Mariola Do the CubanolaBilly Murray.I wisii I Had a Pal Like YouCollins & Harlan.These are only a. few of the dozens.Come in and look them over and hearthem.Shortly after six o'clock Saturdayevening Tom Boaz, a white man, fireda revolver at the residence south ofthe old Christian church on Mainst-eet occupied by the family of RectorHimes. The bullet from a 3S calibrerevolver struck one of the windows inthe front door breaking the glass andwas imbedded in tne rear door casingin the hall. No one was in the hall .tthe time the shot was fired. Boaz wasin a buggy and after firing his revolver drove rapidly away. Later he wesarrested and placed in jail.In Police Court yesterday afternoonhe was fintd $12.50 for discharging jfirearms on a public highway. ,. iEnglish Again in Police Court. ;John English was arrested Saturday ievening by Chief J of PoFce Elgin,charged witn arunKenness ann Disorderly conduct and arraigned in Polii eCourt yesterday. In the pist fifteenmonths English has been in court fivetimes. His last trial was held beforea jury, which acquitted him of thecharge. Judge January had the samejury sumoned yesterday and after hearing the evidence and deliberatingseveral hours failed to reach an agree;ment They were discharged andEnglish's case will come up again thismorning at 10 o'clock. The jury wascomposed of the following: JamesWills, Leer Stout, Pat Burke. MartinHeller.J. T. Stuart and Grant Overby.Other cases disposed of by JudgeJanuary were as follows:May me Brent, colored, harboring avicious animal, dismissed.Will Smith, trespassing on theproperty of the Louisville Nashvillerashoad ?12.50.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mattie Houston, &c, - - Plaintiff.vs.James Henry, &c, - - Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March term, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court the undersigned Master Commissioner of saidcourt will onMonday, May 1st, 1911,at the court house door in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, about the hour cf11 o'clock a. m. sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder theproperty described in the judgmentand ordered to be sold in the abovestyled action on a credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, to-wit:A certain house and lot on the Westside of Walkers Avenue in the City ofParis. Bourbon County, Kentucky,fronting on said avenue, and boundedon one side by the lot of L. u. Haney ;on the other side by the lot of Mrs.Weathers, and on the lear by thelet of John Nayless.The purchaser will be required toexecute bends with approved suretybearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from date of sale until paid, payable to the undersignedMaster Commissioner. The purchasermay pay all said purchase price incash, or any and all of said bonds, before mentioned except the infants'portion which shall remain a lien onsaid property until they arrive at theage of 21 years, or until their guardian shall execute bond as required bySection 493 of the Civil Code.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.George Batterton, Attorney.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. 11 4tBaugbertp Brosf you are in need of a Silk Dress, a WoolDress, or a dress of any sort, we have themateria! you are looking for, and the dresstrimmings to suit. We have made big preparations and can please you. Now is thetime to make your selections.When you are ready for your Lace Curtains or Draperies, bear in mind our stock isthe largest in Paris.Come take a look !W. Ed. Tucker.IniX:IFEESCut RateCash SpecialsSugar Cured Shoulders,121cBlackberry JamPure Blackberry Jam, nothing finer made.Never sold for less than 20c lb. Our price. . MmfL LJ"PTI 1-4SLbsg&KH;1'ijii.iai-.iiii'i .'"""" i immjiijiCOME ANDMy Offerings InJoseph R. DeJarnett, son f Mr.Jos. B. DeJarnette of near this city,was operated on at the St. JosephHospital, Lexington, Friday eveningfor appendicitis. The operation wasvery successful and Mr. DeJarnett isdoing nicely.Mrs. Ford Brent entertained witha luncheon at her home on Pleasantstreet Friday aftrenoon in honor ofher guests, Misses Tevis Camden andMattie Carey, of Versailles. Thosepresent were Misses Matilda Alexander, Flo'rence Lrckhart, Mary Woodford. Rachel Wiggins, Elizabeth iSteele, Loraine Butler, Tevis Camdenand Mattie Carey, of Versailles, and tEdith Walters, of Covington. jMr. amos Turney entertained Fri- 'day evening at the country home of'his parc-nts. Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Tur-ney, with a (5 o'clock dinner in honor Iof Miss Florence Lcckhart.whose mar-iriage to Mr. John Davis takes placethis month. The following enjooyedthe hospitality of their host: MissesFlorence Luckhart, Mary Clay, Katherine Uais, aaine j-.ocKnari, iaiinWalters, of Covington, and Edna EarlHinton, Messrs. John Ddvis, CatesbySpsars, Buckner Woodford, Jr., andWithers Davis.Your Easter Hat.Your bend will feel happiest in oneof our Stetson or Knox hats. Yourize and style at $4 and $5.' J. W. DAVIS &. CO.STOP, LOOK, LISTEN!The Lexington Laundry and DryCleaning agent has located at Mitchell& Blakemore's. Both phones H90.Orders promptly attended to. Workcalled for and delivered.W. B. VIOLETT,11 't Paris Agent.FOUND.A rosary on Winchester street. Owner can have same by proving propertyand paying costs. Apply at this office.FOR RENT.Office room at residence. Pleasantstreet. Very desirable. Apply to.7 3t MRS. J. S. WALLINGFORD.FOR SALE,One bay mare 9 years old; goodworker and good driver. Apply totf E. M. WHEELER.Straw Mattings, ;MattingRugs, Orex Rugs and FloorCoveringsYou Save Money at This Store and Get the LargestStock to Select From.Special For This Week:Two Matting Rugs 18-in. x 36in. for - - 25cGood for Door-ways, in Front of Dresser and Wash Stand, and EspeciallyGood to Use on Your Porch to Sit On.The people of Paris and Bourbon County havenever had the opportunity to buy suchArtistic Wall Papers at Such Low Prices.I show the largest line in Central Kentucky, ifnot in Kentucky any where, and when you haveme do your hanging it is done RIGHT. Ask yourneighbor.Satisfaction guaranteed and the guaranteemeans something. .C0PVKI5MT S'lUpMi.Vl&iK vBANK STOCK.If you wish to spII your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 men 3m E. T. phone 656.IDon't forget the NORTH STAR REFRIGERATOR. It you want thecheaper kind I have the Star, Majestic and New Iceberg.Porch Furniture and Lawn Swings.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.J. T. HINTON.tfMmSII:ITii i tt ; illWgi11 ' WP.fgWWBPIlTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 11, 1911.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.tOffers; his services tc the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargechange made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Ordprs left at The BorctBON Xewsoffice will receive prompt attention.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.COMFORTING WORDS.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shcrtnotice. The best of refeiencrs furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hore 37, EastTenn. phone 12S-2.Fruit and ShadeTrees Strawberry Plants,Asparagus, Blackberries, Raspberries, Roses, Khubarb, Etc.Manya Paris Household WillFind Them So.Write for Free Catalogue. WeHave no Agents.H.f. H1LLENMEYER & SONS,Lexington, Ky.Hot and ColdBATHHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are ml.M. A. KAHAL..f.l'All.U.VtmaBWJfl'TTBtTTgin Health"My mother died six years ago," writes Miss Ruth(Ward, of Jerseyville, 111., "and left me to care for sixChildren. I had never been strong; and this, with the shockfpf her death, was too much for me."I failed in health. I was tired all the time and didJnot want to go anywhere, nor care for company. I had5he headache all the time and such bearing-down pains.( "A very dear friend advised me to take Cardui, as itfhad done her so much good, so 1 commenced to use itfjand now I am in good health."CARDUITo have the pains and aches ot a badback removed; to be entirely freefrom annoying, dangerous urinary disorders is enough to make any kidneysufferer "grateful. To tell how thisgreat change can be brought aboutwill prove comforting words to hundreds of Paris readers.Mrs. Margaret Nelsun, 223 E. Mainstreet, Lexington, Ky., says: "Forten years or more I was troubled bysevere attacks of backache ana it wasalmost impossihle for me to do myhousework. I tried a number of remedies, but did not receive relief untila fnnd advised me to try Doan's Kidney Pills and I procured a supply. Eythe time I had taken the contents ofthree hoxes my trouble had disappeared. That happened over three yearsago and I am toaay in good health. Ihave often recommended Doan's Kidney Pills to my friends. In one casein particular, Doan's Kidney Pills cured dropsy after doctors had given thepatient up. J consider Doan's KidneyPills worth their wegiht m gold. "For sale by all dealers. .Frice 5Ucents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo.I New York, sole agents for the Unitedj States. ,j Remember the name Doan's andi take no bther.stockVcrop and farm notesSTALLIONS ADVERTISED.Attention is directed to the following stallions advertised on anotherpage of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon Norab, 2:hS.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Ilinkscn Black Prince.Steiling Hinkson hurley.JACKS.Charlton Clay Tom Mack.He Is.An editor is a small body of humanity entirely surrounded with trouble.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,T Successors to Carl Crawford 13 Otiairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden S Son.Druggistrare usMwvtMUiWtMmwtmrm mwvmwim2 :SSS3S3iSSSttlJSilSSBSSM:SPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shoppingour Drygoods and Ready-to-Wear Millinery andShoe Department. We have for your 'inspection afashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts,Dresses,Waittts.Silk Petticoats,Muslin Underwear,Slippers,Millinery,We arc always pleased to have you call and seeour handsome Spring selection.aEjrK-amDrygoods.Dress Goods,Silks,White Goods,Laces,Trimmings,Embroideries,Flaxons, Etc.NROS.9TW1Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and Main lspParis, Kentuckyiv:5i8?;::is::s:! &?tti&!&Ki&ismlBmmmm(gmsamm,OSi&uj VflyJ 44The Woman's TonicWomen's pains are relieved or prevented and. women'sstrength is quickly restored, by Cardui, the woman's tonic.You yourself know best if you need it, or not.If you do need it, do not delay, but commence to useit at once. Every day of delay, only lets you slide furtherdown the hill.Don't wait, then, but begin to take Cardui today, for itsuse, no matter how prolonged, cannot harm you and willsurely do you good.Writs to: Ladies Advisory DcpL, Chattanooca Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, andW-page bcok, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free.III reavn. 1and SUPERIORITYIrs Workmanship aro Displayedin Our Work.An irifliriiluulity diallmjuhhcs our 3ohu-incuU from all others, while prices areWhv. then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-date producLiont? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers. etc., larger than feh:it of :sll other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Loitering by Pneumatic TocSs Cur Specialty.NONE CHEAPERNONE BETTER.tWtiL JRdams Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Sprino Announcement.We wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Beiyamine'sFine Suits range in prices from" $20 to $35Exuals the finest tailor made.Twin BrosL WOLLSTEIN" Clothing and Shoe Department.CHARLES W.H,3:2cj19SUCCESSORS TOH0LLIBAY & SETTLEIts Equal Don't Exist.No one has ever made a salve, ointment or balm to compare with Buckleu's Arnica Salve. It's the one perfect healer of cuts, corns, bnrns,bruispk. sores, scalds, boils. ulcers, eczema,salt rheum. For sore eyes, cold sores, jchapped hands or sprains its supremo.Unrivaled for Piles. Try it. Only 2."icat Oberdorfer's.Play Football in Bare Feet.Football is popular in Burma, Thenatives play the game with bare feetGarriaoe and Repair shod at Paris, Ky.,.Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.MiitmmmmBmamnamatuMmmaHBmmmijmmirmmagmaB3aBsmmacwMacmmmmBBm3xxm3ZM,imiL.AM.iiwmrBrsxz raaMMMBasaManKaBSDaBmsauBicmsanraaaBJGives Aid to Strikers.Sometimes liver 7 kidneys and bow- jels seem to go on a strike and reiuseto work right. Then you need thosepleasant little strike-breakers Dr.' King's New Life Pill.s to give themnatural aid and gently compel action,Excellent health soon follows. Trythem. 2."if at Oberdorfer's.' 1 WANTiiWORK-!G.M.TURNER,CONTRACTORPainting, Grainir;g""and Paperj Hangingj All work neatly done and guaran1 teed. Address,863 West Street, Paris, KyiReference Dr. A. H. Keller, Thos.Kiser.verybodyWani.a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that vc want to show 3youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Dcors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be, glad to see you.Paris Lumoer wryq Losmpany,aj i mYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.IncorporatedPARHome Phone 1 2; E. T. 530T-M MMi y 1TSm$i M W 9); - - "I wssTHE EM, F: FORE DOOR CARZ&.sB ll B MHH Hsfl?a11im1??felrXiThe Latest Production of the "E. M. R"Factory, for Sale byBourbon Garage & Supply Co.iKfirMRAMKK 1tei"WmMBffiKK3&!KM?K2R!Vl&MnmZmmrVWS'MbyrAUrll'l''J,m 5imziiiANrttJiHIlkwmi?lr ;1 ti . MTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 11, 1911, ....." T- trr?iiV."5tST"7v- r j. ..fw(Continued From Page 7)must think quickly and clearly. Theeducated farmer," concluded Prof.Halleck, "is the real Lord c Creation." Mf. Atherton's committee wasmade. Mr. Atherton read the reportand lesolutions, which were as follows: tTq the People of Kentucky:This conference of many of your fellow citizens ha Kid under considerationthe condition of the rural schoolsthroughout the State and the ways andir.oans for their improvement. "We havel-nct to confer with each other in theliope that we may find the quickest, mostaffective and mo.st practicable methodsof relief from the difficulties which lieImmediately in the way of improvement. Indifference due to a failure to appreciate the real value of education is oneof the very serious obstacles which hasconfronted every movement towards ahigher Standard of eclipnipnal work. Inthe last fw years greater interest haslen cxhibitM generally over the State,iisdicntins in a decided manner, th.it ourpeople were shaking off the lethax ?y ofthe past and were nrpliing to plac theState an a sound progrepslv- educativ alImsis. Every citizen mtirst rejoice ov.rthis awakening and all should now unitein a continuous, earnest effort !o atonefor the neglect of the past. It fouldaw'NU. i .-&&&&. iwafe&LiV .. -X'JTJOHN GRANT CRABBE,President State Normal School atRichmond Ky.he a useless task, in view of this growing appreciation of the importance andvalue of education to make any argument or submit any extended report inits lehalf. Of all the efforts the Statecan make for its advancement, the mental and moral training of the childrencf the State is the one of most supremeimportance. Knowledge Is power. Itbuilds up while ignorance pulls down. Itis a great constructive force which willbocome irresistible if wisely developedand properly directed.Kentucky is an agricultural State. The jKreat majority of her people are en- ,paged in agricultural pursuits. Thesepeople are spread out over the countryliving separate' and apart In their manyhomes. This condition of life presents ,problems dissimilar in many ways xromthose to be considered by the cities andtowns. Chief among these problems isthe education of the children. In providing school houses and in sending thechilren to these houses, the cities andtowns have a much simpler task than thecounties. The former enjoy the advantages of a more efficient and 'comprehensive co-operation. They act as units.They move a one body. They imposetaxes and distribute the revenuethroughout their corporate, limits. In thisway and through this ' co-operation,yvhool hou:rs are more readily constructed and maintained. The childrenhavo shorter distances to go and generally have smooth roads and in thelarger places street-cars.These questions now come up for solution how should school houses be constructed to mtt 'the requirements ofestablished sanitary laws in order toprotect and promote the health of thechildren, and how can the money heobtained for building these houses inthe various counties of the State? ThisIs not the time or place to go into detailed description of a sanitary schoolhouse. It Is sufficient now to state tintevery schoolroom should be largoX" "' f ' .iv'gzmx?J5KJ?v?i7,V ."ST-.J-' (V,v".y .' '.:M'HENRY RHOADS,Owensboro, Ky. 'nough to give each pupil not less than250 cubic feet of fresh air; should be ;properly lighted, ventilated and heated;should be supplied with all necessarytoilet arrangements and should haveample playgrounds and pure water.The people of our State do not yetsufficiently realize the Imminent dangerto the health and lives of their childrenfrom the vast majority of the school- ,houses throughout the country districts.They do not realize the fact that muchf the expanse that results from sickness among: children, to say nothing: ofthe mental anxiety and suffering, couldhe avoided by building: sanitary schoolhouRes. In truth, thewhool house is therlT and th only place to meet andlestray tubercutosis and any other fa-How can tk country peoyte obtainVWfT', "Wi".,?v-BWflHk..WHL ...: ,ynt y img rmv v:-:a- . s-v.'am-S' skSk ' til y" ' jflrthe Ajoncy to build .sanitary schoolhouses We answer, by greater concerted act'foh, greatest co-'ODeration,which can be secured only lay the counties acting as a unit. While many schooldistricts in the wealthier counties mayraise the necessary amount by taxation,the vast majority of our school districtsare unable to pay in one or two yearsthe money required to build satisfactoryschool houses. If the counties would actas units, they could borrow the mon-yby the issue of long time bonds at moderate rates of interest, and could in the'next few years have sanitary schoolhoufos. The bonds could be carried and"retired at their maturity by a smallannual tax not to exceed 10 or 15 centson the $100 of taxable property. Thechildren as beneficiaries would pay alarge part of the bonds when as menand women they would bring into usethe training they received through thisexpediture.In many localities several districtswould consolidate and provide vehiclesfor sending the children to and fromschool. Around these modern schoolhouses, the people would build theirfuture homes as the land holdings arcsubdivided and thus escape much of theloneliness and isolation which exert sucha depressing and deterring influence oncountry life. Mankind delights in socialintercourse and the children take in inspiration "ana encouragement from thebeautiful display they make when congregated in large numbers around aClean, wholesome, well-kept schoolhouse and playgrounds. Academic Instruction and more or less technicalr:i:ing in the various vocation of country life would bring increased happlJi into their lives and be productiveof u.'-ift and success in their daily trials.We run conceive of no effort so fullof grati:..aUon. pleasure and profit asthe building of these school houses. Concede that to do this involves incrcascellabor; and pot-si biy greater self-denial,can any struggle uo (oo severe or anysacrifice too irksome if our children canbe protected in their" tender yearsagainst exposure- to disease.-; which maycripple their energies during Hfe if itdoes not consign many to untimelygraves? Not only is health at stake, buteducation as well, for jio teacher, however efficient and industrious, can makesatisfactory progress with children enfeebled by bad air. by disease germsand by the mans' ills caused by neglectof sanitary laws.With the hope that we may awakenrenewed interest in the great educationalwork of our State and especially thatwe may appeal to our count ry peopleto put into actual practice the viewshereinbefore set out, we condense themInto the following resolutions:Resolved, That we most earnestly askand petition the next General Assemblyor our beloved Commonwealth to enacta law authorizing the counties to issuebonds for building school houses. Thebonds to be placed in the hands of theCounty Hoards of Education or a specialrommission, as the General Assemblymay designate, who shall sell same andapply proceeds to the buying of suitablesites, to the building of school housesand equipment and for no other purpose.Resolved, That in our judgment allmoneys raised under existing laws andavailable for school purposes are need-, iT. J. COATES,State Supervisor of Rural Schoolsand Professor of Elementary Education in the State NormalSchools, Frankfort, Ky.ed and will be needed for the maintenance and conduct of the schools andthat these moneys should be kept Intactfor thea.e purposes.Resolved. That in the expenditure ofthe proceeds of the bonds the CountyBoards of Education should be authorized to consolidate districts when intheir judgment the conditions are favorable, but shall provide school housesavailable for every section of the countythat all the children of the county shallreceive the benefit to be derived fromthe expenditure of a common countyfund.Resolved, That the permanent organization made today shall be the organization for the ensuing year. Thatthe officers and Executive Committee beauthorized to call the organization together at such times as are necessaryto push the work.Resolved, That It is the sense of theassociation that this campaign for better rural education must be pushed.Therefore, we must raise a campaignfund. That the Executive Committeebe empowered to appoint a FinanceCommittee, with power to raise such afund from the State at large.Following the adoption of the resolutions, W. M. Hayes, assistant secretary of agriculture of the UnitedBtates, delivered a stereopticon lecluro. He declared that Prof. J. D. Eggleston. State Superintendent of Public Instruction of Virginia, was oneof the greatest educators of thecountry.Mr. Hayes paid an elegant tributeto J. B. McFerran, who, he said, hasgained a national reputation In schoolImprovement work. Mr. McFerran ischairman of the School ImprovementCommittee of the Commercial CIud.Although he could not be present atyesterday's session, he sent a telegram to the convention.Dr. Hinnitt summoned up thespeeches of all the other delegates,declaring that the consolidatedschools and wagons for transportingchildren, two main features of theVirginia rural school system' usplanned by Prof. Eggleston, are imperatlre. He expressed the hope thatthe clamor and" demand of educatorswould secure needed' reforms' in Kentucky. It was the opinion of the tfodferencc that "So far as the country boyand girl in the South are concerned,it is the duty of the State, and it isfor the best interests of the State,to make the country school fit thecountry life; to cause this school notonly to encourage the boy and girlfo love country life, but to give tothem the ability and desire to improve it. If we can show the boyhow to make twice as much moneyon a plot of land as his father hasmade, he is going to become interested in farm work; if we can show himthe difference between the cow thatdoes not give enough milk to supportherself, and one that not only supports herself, but helps to supportthe boy, he is going to become interested in good dairy cows. Likewise,we can interest the girls in homegardening, in poultry raising, in smallfruits, in the dozen and one thingsthey can do so well, and the doingof which will interest them and bringmoney into their hands. It is thebusiness of the State through theIIOX. W. M. HAYS,Assistant Secretary United StatesDepartment of Agriculture,Washington, D. Cschools to organize life, or, as another has recently so well said, 'Tochart the avenues of serviceabilitythat all our young people may makethe best possible social investmentof their lives.' "The first address on the report ofthe committee was made by Governor Augustus E. "Willson, followingthe reading of the report and theresolutions. Governor Willson madea rousing speech, prefacing his talkby saying that "for thirty years, inseason and out cf season, I havebeen traveling up and down thisgreat state preaching the doctrine ofgood roads and good schools. Thetwo are bound to come together."He urged co-operation, saying thathere Is no limit to the good that canbe accomplished by 2,200,000 people working together for the advancement cf the state."Think of the kind of schools wehave in Kentucky. They are a disgrace to the decent children thathave to attend them and a disgraceto the state. This is my home townand home county, and I want to sayto Jefferson county, 'Clean up yourown corner of the vineyard first, andthen see how you can aid your neighbors.' "At ihe luncheon in the Seelbachrathskeller, which was given by theCommercial club in honor of the delegates and guests of the convention,yy $-' ,-itH. H. CHERRY,President Western Kentucky StateNormal School, Bowling Green, Ky.Governor Willson, in the course ofan especially happy little address,spoke of his own early school training, and referred to the fact thatwhen he studied "jography' he neverknew what an engrossing study itmight be made. "Were I to teachgeography today," said GovernorWillson, "I should begin with theschoolhouse which the children attend. From that I should take themto the nearest town, then back to thefarm, then another tour over theirown Ftate. They would learn thepractical meaning of geography andit would lead back to the farm."A resolution, heartily adopted bythe State Federation of Somen'sClubs, pledging the unqualified support of the clubs of the state to thework of the Kentucky StatewideRural School Conference, was read,and a resolution of thanks for -tlie3upport offered was yAy'.' by theconference.':.. v,,.-,yjlv i 'JkRflPfRBafeBK&9lflRflk,i',&tW? ''tefRRmlRM'.".,''.'. "ly iS RHHkRHBZ7'-., , 'I ' 7s&JSaR. mmmmu-i i Hi mHarrison Returns to Mayor'sChair.Carter H. Harrison, Democrat, m waselected Tuesday for his fifth term asMayor of Chicago. He won by aplurality of 17.062 over Charles E.Merriam, his Republican rival.Clinging to Harrison's stirrups therest of the Democratic ticket rode totriumph. Henry Stuckart was electedCity Treasurer ana Francis D. Connerywas re-elected City Clerk.A record-breaking vote demonstrated the interest taken by the electorsin the contest, which for intensityandcomplexity eclipsed all other Mayoralty campaigns in Chicago's history.Despite a continuous drizzle thatnude miserable election weather morethan 85 per cent of the registeredvoters turned out to the polls. Thetotal vote ran over 365,000 smashingall records for a Chicago Mayoraltyelection.Averts Awful Tragedy.Timely advice given Mrs. C. Willoughbj', of Mareugo, Wis., (R.No.l)prevented a dreadful Tragedy andsaved two lives. Doctors had saidher frightful cough was a "consumption" ccuhand could do little to helpher. After many remedies failed, heraunt urged her to takeDr.King's NewDiscovery. "I have been u.?in it forsome tJoiCj" she vyrott1, "and the awful cough lias almost gone. It alsosaved my little boy When takeri witha severe bronchial trouble." Thismatchless medicine has no equal forthroat and lung troubles. Price 50cand 1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.CantriU Suits Dismissed.In the Franklin Circuit Court Tuesday the case of J. C. CantriU against.lohn C. Noel and J. C. CantriU againstthe Kentucky Journal, were dismissed,a demurrer haying been sustained tothe petition in the Noal case becausethe defendant in his anuser said thealleged false and malicious statementsabout CantriU were made in a judicialproceeding and therefore he was notliable for the $50,000 damagss askedIn the Kentucky Journal case thpanswer stated that it simply publishedthe testimony in a judicial proceeJ'ngand therefore it was not liable tordamages.Do Ghosts Haunt Swnmps?No, never. Its foolish to fear a fancied evil, when there are real anddeadly perils to guard against inswamps and marshes, bayous, andlowlands. These are the malariagerms that cause ague, chills and fever, weakness, aches in the bonesand muscles and may induce deadlytyphoid. But Electric Bitters destroys and cases out these viciousgerms from the blood." Three bottlesdrove all the malaria from my system," wrote Wm. Fretwell, of Lucama, N. 0., "and I've had fine healthever since." Use this safe, sure remed y only. 50c at Oberdorfer7s.Murder and Suicide.At Augusta Thursday Everett Poe,forty-seven years old, shot his wife,Eva Poe, forty-five years old, throuRhthe back and then shot himself twicein the breast. Both died in a fewminutes. Dometsic trouble is said tobe the cause of the murder and suicide. Beware of Ointments for Catarrhthat Contain Mercury.as mercury will certainly destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering it through the mucous surfaces.Such articles should never be usedexcept on prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage theywill do is ten fold to the good you canpossibly derive from them. Hall'sCatarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., containsno mercury, and is taken internally,acting directly upon the Mood andmucous surfaces of the system. Inbuying Hall's Catarrh Cure, be sureyou get the genuine. It is taken internally and made in Toledo, O., byF. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists 75c per bottU.Take Hall's Family Pills for coustipation. Sewing Receptacle.Jane The newest receptacles forsmall pieces of sewing are made ofribbon, which is turned up and overcast at the ends to form pockets. ItIs tied around the waist in the formof a girdle and the pockets hang conveniently at the right side.Thisis the trademark whichis found onevery bottlecf the genuineScott's Emulsionthe standard Cod LiverOil preparation of theworld. Nothing equalsit to build up the weakand wasted bodies ofyoung and old.FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend lCc., name of paper and this ad. forour beautiful Savings Bank and Child'sSkctch-liook. Each bask contains aGood Luck Fenny.SCOTTScmOWHE,4T Sfc.N. Y.ONE WAY OF SAVINGA BABYThe mother does not live whowould not do all in her power to keepher child healthy, but often she doesnot know how. So when a doctorof standing points the way all canafford to listen.It is an accepted fact that nine outof ten of the troubles of infants andchildren is intestinal. .You notice itby the fact that the child is constipated, it belches, is peevish and cries.Don't give a remedy that contains anopiate, because the child will get inthe habit of needing it, and don't become alarmed and run at once for adoctor.Try a scientific laxative first. Givea small dose of Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin, the remedy that is intendedTOM MACKThe Premium Jack.Fine black jack, 16 hands high, largebene, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsolJ, weight 1,150 pounds.Tern Mack will make the se-:n of3911 at Marchmont Strck Farm.n theWinchester pikr, 2 rr.:ks ecst of Peris,at$10 for Mares arid $i$ far Jentzls; TO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonmoney is paid Mares kept at Sc p-rmonth or ten cents per day en prats.Not responsible for accidents or escapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY,E. T. Phone 57.R. F. D. No. 2. Pati. Ky.Woodland Stock FaimHeadqu&riers for Draft Horses.BLACK PRINCENo. 48.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight. Has proven to ba a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will make the seasonlawn Stock FarmAbou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when jfoaled, mare transferred or bred toretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevcidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING MINKSOI,;Lair, Ijty.It Is AlwaysA Jay BirdA superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Pasteafcson of the mighty Allerton 2:09X- champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Loeanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinneyc2:11K He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:15; was the'champion racing stallion of 1904-1905; three-year-old record 2:16 fonr-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:07 ; six-year-old record 2:05;seven-year-old record 2:03 ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A,NORAB 369 1 5, Trial 2. 1 d, Trot line)Brown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired byfearonWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21), grandam Santo (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:03l) by Graud Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOAL jW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, KentuckyrrrrDaiawin"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in anyWe ask you to tryyou will want thewe produce.For sale by allI and dealers.BaldwinPacking Ooa rran,VFREE TO TRYfor the use of children. It is mild,gentle and non-griping. The remedyis absolutely pure and is guaranteedin every particular. Mrs. Toomey ofEmingsville, Pa., and Mrs. , FredCroms of Alanson, Mich,, never givetheir children anything else.' Theseare only a few among thousands of.women. 'You can buy a fifty cent' or onedollar bottle of any nearby dmggist,for they have all sold it for a generation, but if you want to test it,on yourchild first send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will cheerfully send,you a free sample bottle.Address him Dr. W. ft. r9MwfT402 Caldwell building, MonticelloTHE SADDLE STALLION,Ben D'orr,15 hands high, heavy mane and tail,will make the season of 1911 afHidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and ; NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living, Colt.BEN D'oR js by McDonald Chief.sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.First darn, Nacy. by Lovely, he byLedger :.Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colts untilseasonmoney is paid. ' '-Not responsible for accidents orescapes.T. B. STITHR. F. D. No. 1, Paris, Ky.BURLEYBlack Percheron "Vtft. 1760-$15 to Insure ;BURLEY is a splendid specimen, of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the very bpst. Ther is asteadily growing demand for th classof horses produced by Burley, bojth upon the farm and in the cities. Thfy canstand more work than the geneifil ranof horses. Burley is 7 years old, ajbeac-titui DiacK. tie is weii-formeaana ofthe class that catches the eye. Iiting a horse to breed to, selewhose produce commands bestJof 1911; atiolt 19other stock without my consentLientac-ifcelec-k oneapnee.siLOOANDA 262,LIVING FOAL inPackingKO.i1i1plant in America.our Sausage, thenother good thingsfirst-class grocersIivciuuvivy.'L-41arv,- -.i.T.p,. 'l'vL1liTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, ' APRIL 11,1911.LLuaiii xtaemmmmsmmISH.'.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. ,W. M. Hamilton is criticallyMay Ryan is among theMayill.Miss Idasick.Little Harris Tackett andLouise Collier are doing nicely.Master Fred Hill who has beenammtg the sick is able to be out again.Mr. E. P. Clarke is adding a bathroom to his home and making otherimprovements.Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre spent Thursdaywith her sister-in-law, Mrs. C. W.Howard, at Lexington.T- W M Millar roppivpd n tflp-Ala-TJtk!,o on;n,T hnuf Rn'nWir a week's visit with Mrannouncing the death of his brother,Mr. Carlton Miller, of Atlanta, Ga.None of the particulars were given. Itis presumed he died suddenlv of hearttrouble. Dr. Miller left the sameevening for the stricken home.Mr .R. E. Lynch left Saturday for atwo months' visit to relatives at Waddy. Mr. M. P. Collier purchased of Mr.Chas Martin a few days since a workmule for $2.75. urThe ladies of the Methodist churchwill hold their annual Easter sale offood Saturday.M r. C. W. " Howad, of Lexington,brought down an automobile party ofseven to the "Ogling Owls" Fridaynight.Mrs. J. Will Clark and little daughter, Catherine, of Lexington, andmother. Mrs. Millweed, -of Florence,left for Lexington Sunday, afterand Mrs. E. P.Clarke. Mr. J. Will Clarke came downSaturday returning with them.Miss Don Shivel of the M. F. C. wascalled to her home at Lexington Thursday on account ofuncle, Mr. Johns.the death of herI Springtime Necessities. SMr. F. F. Hurst was in Mt. Sterlingyesterday.Mr. Thomas McClintock attendedcourt at Owingsville Monday.Swift's premium hams and breakfast bacon, the best on the market.11 2c LOUIS VIMONT.Mr. William Payne, of near Shawhan, was partially paralyzed Thursday. Mr. Payhe is the father of Mrs.J. T. Judy of this place.Notwithstanding the .inclementweather a number of stallions wereexhibited here on the streets Saturdayattenoon. Among the animals weresome of the best of this and surrounding counties.The songoservice at the ' Methodistchurch Sunday night was attended bya large audience. The numbers wereall good and well rendered.Miss Ella Hurt is critically ill.Mrs. Minnie Preston, of Ashland, isat the bedside of her sister, Miss EllaHurt.Prof. Skinner, of the PaintsvilleSeminary, was a Iguest at M. M. I.Saturday.DR. C. F. CRECELIUSHas Many Friends in This Part of the State Almost Assured the Nomination Friend to the Farmers.We carry a complete assortment and bear-J in mind our prices are the lowest:Curtain Stretchers,Mop Wringer Buckets,Feather Dusters,Ceiling Brooms,Mops, Scrub Brushes,Brooms, Dust Pans,7Tack Hammers,Tack Claws,Carpet and Matting TacksSilver Polish,Brass Polish,Liquid Veneer.rJfcA T-k C . 1 T y-1 T? TAs to Keingerators ana ice tream rreezers,we have the White Mountain;Said.aEnoughLook For eL3i,FORD & CO.Paris, Ky.3$ 8 4 4 & ! & fc 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4The RedDiamondThe sign of foot-ease andshoe-satisfaction. Itrepresents the top-notchin shoe building.Not "How Cheap?", but" How Satisfactory? ", isthe watchword of theStetson Shoe Company.End nerve-worry andfoot-fatigue by letting usfit you with The StetsonShoe it enables men to' do things on their feet.Mitchell & BSakemare"Stetsons cost more by the fair,but less by the year."4414 ' IM (IS M'r - mm jkju ts. liwr. : r v .s" vi; -zfgz& l vW In tiie Jimiic Jbye AW e re Specialists in Pleasing. 4l We make a specialty'of pleasing every"customer perfectly. We carry SS only the most reliable Shoes and care is taken that every Shoe is fitted rAMfi"w properly. Our new Spring styles are all up-to-date and snappy. We are (C-vMw sure sasv yu- mmfS-N rs ut RePreSentS r !vf f a Spring Model in Tan and AyT nfifbTE.W "TTi-X4m ot Black Leathers nfeS" EASTER 1iw . IlkOur Vacuum Cleaners are now ready,for spring house cleaning:. Make yourengagement early.11 3t MILLER & BEST. rMrs. Sanders, of Poplar plains, wasthe guest of her daughter, Miss EldivaSanders, at M. F. C. from Saturday toMonday.Strawberries and all the fresh vegetables in the market for your Easterdinner. Make your orders early.11 2c LOUIS VIMONT.Dr. Dyer, wife and brother, Americans, will give an entertainment atthe Christian church Friday eveningat 7:30 o'clock. Dr. Dyer is a medicalstudent in this county and his hrotheris studying for the ministry. Theyexpect to return to America as missionaries. The entertainment will consist of a lecture on America, its manners, habits and customs ana alsopastorine work of American weddings,Turkish players and other forms illustrating the customs of the people.Admission, adults 25 cents, children12 years and under 10 cents.For the past two weeks the "OglingOwls" has been one of the daily topicsfor conversation. Monday morningthe members of the cast put on littlered caps wich owls on them and worethem continually on the street untilFriday night. Notwithstanding theinclemency of the weather there was agrand rush made for seats as sdoh asthe sale opened and by nnnn the greater part of the house had Lcen sold.Wednesday morning it 'aj decidedto move the place from thto lira houseto the M. M I. drill hall ..s it is amore commodious place ami will accommodate nearly three hui arjd morepeople. A11 of the best se s i i thisuuilding were taken by nco.i Fridayand had it not been for the continuousrain of the afteinoon Friday this building would not have accommodated theciowd.The audience asembled early and bythe time the curtain went up at 8:15the house ivus wll filled. The piecewas a burlesque in three acts. Therast was strong and it was well carried out. Mr. F. F. Hurst as king exercised that authority in presiding whichis typical of those of whom we read.Mr. W. V. Shaw as candidate and Mr.M. P. Collier as "Snigglings Snuff c."or court fool, were the stars of theevening with a strong support. Mr.Aaron McConnell as "Witch," was atpyical ideal character both in makeupand work, while Mr. J. J. Peed as"CiXecutioner" was always ready withhis ax and beheaded the candidate withtht ease of the French in the days ofthe Huguanota.Mr. O. R Rankin as "High Hyprotist" was perhaps the best characterof the evening inasmuch as he wa3 dcing the part of Dr. Miller, who wascompelled to give it up on account of adeath in the family. Mr. Rankin hadbut one rehearsal in the wrk butwhen the time arrived for him to appear he was ready with the goods.We are sorry that space will not permit us to make mention of all thcharacters. H. M. Campbell as the"Priceless Princess" made an exceedingly pretty girl that some of the fairi maidens might envy. The piece washumorous irom start to finish. All thepoints were caught by the large audience and there was nothing fell flat.Mr. J. B. Cray and daughter. MissLouise Cray, rendered beautiful solosbetween acts.Mr. Cray in his Irish hong broughtthe house down while Miss Cray tookeverything by storm in her college solo. They were accompanied by MissAlma Duke Jones, who is one of thepromising students in music of the M.F. C. Three beautiful solos wererendered by Miss Lula McNamara whois a graduate of the Conservatory ofMusic at Cincinnati. Miss McNamarais quite a pianist. She possesses thatgrace and ease and at the same timethat dash and passion which always accompanies the artist.On the whole the entertainment wasexceedingly good and everyone wenthome well pleased. The gross receiptswere nearly $175. The expenses wererather heavy and it has not yet beenlearned just how much the lodge willne.Dr. C. F. Crecelius, of Pendleton County, was in our midst; yesterday,meeting the voters and prosecuting his candidacy for the Democratic nominnf;n -for Secretary of State. Dr. Crecelius is well-known in every section, VWi lttmrrVwmKlmkW TlBH lUll iPlmiMlTirliii niMfPnllfil i " iMtniT if ASpecial Easter Sale.One thousand pairs of high-grae Spring Shoes and Oxfords for Men,Women and Children. All the newest models in Velvets, Suede, Gun Metal andPatent leather, at prices less than the cost of manufacture.Come to us for your Easter Footwear and save money.DAMCOHEN336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNPublic Sale of Household Goods.Having decided to break up housekeeping,! will sell on vVednesday,April 12, 1911, at 2 p m., at ray latelesidunce on Henderson (street, inParis, Ky., all oC my household andkitchen furniture, carpets rugs,leather beds, chinaware, refrigerator,cooking stove, utensils and many otherarticles too numerous to mention.H. MARGOLEN.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.This Week.Eighteen-inch by thirty-iix-mattingrugs at J. T. Hintun'sweek, 2 for 25 cents.inchthisFeud Again Opened in Breathitt.Jason Deaton was shot and killednear Jackson, Breathitt county, Saturday by Anse White, a brother of TomWhite, convicted of the murder of J.B. Marcum. Dtaton was indicted inconnection with Hacker Combs andJohn and Tom Davidson, on a chargeof assassinating John Abner in Jackson last summer, and on a change ofvenue was tried in the Bourbon CircuitCourt which resulted in the acquittalof the accused.EASTER CANDIES.Miss Holladay's famousHome - Made Candies' forEaster, the candy that ismost popular.DR. C. F. CRECELIUS, CANDIDATE FOR THE DEMOCRATICNOMINATION FOR SECRETARY OF STATEof Kentucky in which tobacco is grown. He is the author of the CreceliusTobacco Law, and has done good work for the f aimers and tobaccogrowers of Kentucky. Er. Crecelius is a young man of wide awake tendencies and progressive ideas. He is well educated, of fine ability, unquestionedhonesty and well versed in State affairs. Pie has represented PendletonCounty in the Legislature for four years and proved himself to be one of themost faithful, conscientious Legislators in the Lower House. At all times h?was the poor man's friend. If given the nomination which he seeks he willprove a formidable man in the general eleciion, and when elected he willmake one of the best officials the State has ever had. Dr. Crecelius in without opposition so far, and from present indications will have none ; butshould opposition offer, his opponent or opponents will know they have beenin a warm race.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Sidney G. Clay as a candidate for Representative in the Legislature fromBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic party.I Our I tp nf iprlinor i1 1ver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.I The "House of Quality" only car- Iries the very best in Solid Silver I: auvi vvc VtGiii 2iv yuu cm y uaiaiicfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,jot A lie jliuuoc ui vuaiiky.BothBoth PhonesMSwHHHVSffiffiKlflrWMWM""""''"'MMM:MM"MMM,,,ll",MMMM",M"M"w"f""""""""""'""i5SE3SiS;2sSi3EaSS2SI3SJ. U. Jones Wins No. 1271Have Stood The TestTfettleton S)ipnng'..jm i m j kT iSCSJ&9 Ms mSiClin I1For thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man -of mod-I i-.erate means, and to the man of wealth the &fbest that money could obtain. MIn style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glared kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.S !. IVFWii!The Shoe Man.jfty