J-4 s'--vJLA. -' .tTHE BOURBON NEWS.,t-.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB.3 -VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1911.NUMBER 30Insure with W. O. tlinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfilOtSLtQiS !t cu(81!v v : : : : : : : 1GenuineStrausburg,Red Bermuda,Southern Queen.Order Quick, as They WillNot Last Long.Losan Howard.The NecessaryAccessories For TheSPRINGTOILETCharming Novelties in INeckwear. IUnique Collars of Lace Iand Embroidery.Soft Stock.Latest Embroidered and ILace Jabots.New Shetland Veils.MATRIMONIAL.A. M. CADEN,210 W. Main,Lexington, KentuckyHII Bfl HB HIIrfZ-$&&:f CHEER UP!LDON'T WORRY!wwW The hard times and high prices are over. Buy fromStf us and you will spend less and eat more than youswisisstoas!sssftmn&$Insash(IS&could a year ago.Standard Granulated Sugar, 19 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12White Bacon, per pound - .10Country Bacon, per pound 14Sliced English Cured Bacon, per pound 20Sliced Breakfast Bacon, per pound 24Small Hams, per pound 12 1-2Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch. 3 boxes 103-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25California Table Peaches, 2 cans 35Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Navy Beans, 3 quarts : 25Prunes, per pond 10Fancy Apricots, evaporated,, per pound 15Rolled Oats, 2 boxes 15New York Cream Cheese, per pound 20Standard Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu? Bibbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LEN3MAN, Prop.Both Phones 2349(USMiS ..-.f.rr..gg'g:ggv ""xm mmmkmmmmmwmm&wm&mMtwmwThe "Secret Service" ofjfJtiyA-jfri'' SuitEighty-five per cent, of the style of a garment is contributed by the tailoring-fifteenper cent comes from the DESIGNING.FACT!Hijp&sfi&1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.4 Linen canvas stays, coldwa er foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.G All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttons shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps."8 Edging silk st titched byhand.9 Every tailor a benchbred" custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines.noskimping or schamping.wmWhen, you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the "air" and the wear that come 'from thefinest materials procurably right through and time-takinghand tailoring all through 18 to $32 50,Price &Clothiers9WitMlt ... .... ....,. L.att. t.lZmm.- .UIJV VIUV JVUr.IVaiK!MbnKBi1KBBIiaWBBV-'HiWBirrYBfcw)E9E?fEHlkEKKKX2B?iBK2iHbl2 KilbaiMM ) fMBr..nVik,A brilliant wedding of Wednesdayevening was that of Miss MatildaAlexander and Itr. Buckner Woodford,Jr., which was solemnized at thePresbyterian church, Rev. Francis J.Cheek, of Louisville, the bride's former pastor, officiating with a verybeautiful and impressive ceremony.The enurch decorations, which wercidone by Cu.cinnati florists, were very ,elaborate and beautiful ui the bastercolors, green and white. The choirloft and rostrum were banked withgraceful ferns, palms and rubberplants, with here and there vates oftall Easter lillies and bunches of fragrant plum blossoms. This was light-1ed with white lights and cathedralcandles, which made a becoming background for the wedding party.Miss Frances Johnson played thewedding music which wa3 a programof fitting selections, during the.assembling of the guests. "1 Love YouTruly" was played at the approach ofthe bridal party which entered thechurch in the following manner: Fromthe center aiele came Mr. James Buckner and Mr. Chenault Woodford, ofMt. Streling, then Mr.Woodtord Buck?ner and Dr. Ben Frank, of New York.Following were Mr. Clarence Thomasand Mr. Catesby Spears. Frum therihgt aisle came the bridegroom withhis best man, his father, Mr. BucknerWodfoord, Sr.Simultaneously from the center aislecame the bride with her dame of honor, her sister, Mrs. Ulie J. Howard, ofCovington. Meeting at the altarforming a semi-circle, where the ceremony was said.The bride is petite with lovelyauburn brown hair which waives naturally. Her gown as a beautifulParisian creation of embroideredchiffon over soft crystal satin wasmade on the empire lines with panelsof hand embroidery ingraceful spraysof wheat. The bodice" was fashionedlow withjbertha and yoke of exquisitepoint lace which waB worn by thebride's mother when she was thebeautiful Miss Belle Brent. The bride'sveil, which was bordered with pointlace, was fastened in the hr.ir withsprays of orange blossoms and she carried a bouquet of gardenias and valleylillies.Mrs. Howard, the dame of honor, isof the same type as the bride and thesisters' likeness is very striking. Mrs.Howard wore a magnificent importedlace robe embroidered in clusters ofrosebuds made of satin, over whitemessaline with bodice of crystal lacemade with Dutch neck. She carried abouquet of Catherine Merrait roses.Mrs. Owen Davis was handsome ina lovely gown of black voille elaborately trimmed with jet. Mrs. Alexander,the bride's mother, was beautiful in ablack satin gown veiled in net.After the wedding a charming reception was given Mr. and Mrs. Wooafordby the bride's mother, Mrs. CharltonAlexander at her lovely home onSouth Main street. The guests werereceived by Mr. and Mrs. Woodfoid,Mrs. Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. OwtnDavis, Mr. ana Mrs. Ulie Howard.The house with its exquisite furnishing was more beautiful in its decorations of gorgeous pink hydrangias,white spyria, pink and wnite carnations and Easier lillies. The hall wasbanked with plants, the stairway wasgarlanded with French asgaragus whilegraceful bouquets of Easter lillies,tied with soft bows of white decoratedthe newel.The drawing rcom was lavish inits decorations of hanging baskets andwall vsses of pink hydranigasand pinkand white carnations.The bride's table was in the diningrxom and vas beautiful in the weddingcolors. The table was round and worean exquisite lace cover. In the centerof this was a huge gold basket of pinkroses. Surrounding this were silvercandlesticks with white candles, alsosilver baskets holding pink and whiteconfections. The dining room wasdecorated in pink and white carnations. The guests numbered about onehundred and fifty and were served atsmall tables in the drawing rcom, parlors and halls and on the piazza,which was enclosed in canvas and profusely decorated with palms, fernsand hanging baskets and wall vasesfilled with carnations in pink andwhite. It was lighted with electriclights with Japanese shades.A delicious course supper was served by the St. Nicholas Hotel, of Cincinnati. During the reception hoursSchmittie's orchestra played a program of delightful music.After the reception Mi. and Mrs.Woodford left for an extended weddingjourney thraugh the west and upontheir return they will go to housekeeping in the handsome home on Tenthand Main.The presents were displayed in thethird story and numbered severalhundred. In the collection were exquisite pieces of silver, rock crystal,Dresden and Coalport china, Orientalrugs and brass. The gift of thebride's mother was a case of handsomesilver of the Georgian pattern.The gift of the groom's father wasseveral dozen pieces of elegant fiatsilver.The out-of-town guests for the wedding were: Hon. and Mrs. It. P.Ernst, Miss Sarah Ernst, Miss EmilyWoodall, Mr. Frank Woodall, Mr. Perrah Coke, Hon. and Mrs. HarveyMyera, Mr. and Mrs. Ulie J. Howardand Charlton Alexander Howard, ofCovington; Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Brentand Miss Nicholie Belle Brent, of Lexington ; Miss Ethel Thomas and MissClay Croxton, Mr. Walton Rounsevall,'of Winchester; Mrs. Gobson Taylor,of Tucson, Arizona; Hon. RhodesShackleford, Mr. Tutt Burnharo, ofRichmond ; Mr. and Mrs. William Gay,Mr. Chenault Woodford. Mt. Sterling; Mrs. Harold Stillwell, of Hannibal, Mo. ; Mr. and Mrs. Nelson Gay, iMr. and Mrs. Wra. Gay. and Mr.and Mrs. Carroll Hamilton, of Mt.Starling. - ,r"We Know How."1ONGE MORESpring Ojjens-....WWWITH it we herald for you our fresh newstyles to go with the season. Youthink of clothes with the Spring and yourbest interests must turn your mind towardour storeisto-j&v2IIn this you areof Spring styleswise, for in our large stockthere is no better clothesvalue in the world.Mitchell & Blakemore,:iParis, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.ii$MW01tf.i Vk1K4l 7 'A V BQ&EWS3&i&aiEm$KLiainiiMiMiiiiu xiiiiiiiJiiiMiiiitmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiui iiiiiiKiiiiiiiKiriiiiiuiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiuuiiiiiniiiniiiiiiiiiMiiinriM BtI FRANK & CO. ,The Store Where Reliability Reigns. ivMoaO 1 V 1 Tnwnnin I i7oo7ofNow ShowimidiT Tt f Srligh-v-ifadeand Popular-PricedHATSFor Ladies, Misses andChildren,SBJj I jap-:' Oil JA CompleteStock ofLadiest and MissesWoolenSuits,Coats,Dresses,Skirts,Silk and Wash Dresses,Silk and Wash Waists,Evening Capes and Coats.Your Trade Solicited.FRANK & CO.hub fmTfliim4ruiHuirkS:mn0iiiii9iaai8isiisaxaEkKCv fMBjpmmillH 111aviaBj ifa&&,J-WF WT wWrtr mk t ' - "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 21, 1911,THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Fads for Weak Women2! WF Wl I S'Nlinn-tnntVic of all tin :irlrnAc: nf trnmpn ic rliif to !Omf f!rflnrfpmMifr or rit.i IIrI ryjSKHIIDhISivmrAT R1SHT PRICES BLUMBER, LATHS, JSHINGLES, POSTS, K) I V tESTa .1 SASHES, DOORS 053? lX ? A"' BLINDS, HARD AND2 WySSrirz!!S$MFmX. agents forw m$mm& Amatiteg-NOW IS THELTIME5 To let us demonstrate our ability to serve you .M promptly and satisfactorily in the matter ofyour,supply of coal.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pu bushed Every Tuesday and Friday.You buy here the best that'ssell the best that's sold.bought, as weTEMPLIN LUMBER CO.A Treat For All Classes WWSmoke.ONE YEAR,$.00.Payable inSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Wm. J.Bryan's TourKentucky.Throughft nrnmrnMrnAn Idol Cigar in hisjmoutli forhis own delectation, a few inii'.i ) . c s r his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, all ye whoare fond of a goodsmoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sin above whose doorUnder the auspices of the StateExecutive Committee of the KentuckyYoung Men's Christian Association,the Hon. Wm. J. Bryan will make alecture trip through the state nextweek. Mr. Bryan has ior many yearsbeen a loyal and interested member ofthe iroung Men's Christian Associationand has spoken upon many occasions Parasols and Fansrl in -K.- !many people as can Mr. Bryan ho riswithout exception the peer of American orators.A Thepeople of this Tcity "are exceedingly fortunate in having the privilegeof hearing Mr. Bryan at this time andthere is no question but what nis reception here will be exceedingly cordial. No man who can possibly arrangehis affairs so as to attend Mr. Bryan'slecture will fail to do so.and in all Darts of the world in theinterests of this institution. The purpose of the State Executive Committeein bringing Mr. Bryan to Kentucky isthree fold in its nature.First, that Mr. Bryan may give hisDersonal testimony from wide experifor SummerGirls."The girl who does not include atleast two or three parasols and fans inher summer wardrobe is a very unusual girl these days. If she is the smart.ease of the organs distinctly feminine. Such sickness can be cured is curedevery day byDr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionIt Makes Weak Women Strong,Sick Women Well.It acts directly on the organs affected and is at the same time a general restorative tonic for the whole system. It cures female complaint right in the privacyof home. It makes unnecessary the disagreeable questioning, examinations andlocal treatment so universally insisted upon by doctors, and so abhorrent toevery modest woman.We shall not particularize here as to the symptoms ofthose peculiar affections incident to women, but thosewanting full information as to their symptoms andmeans of positive cure are referred to the People's Common Sense Medical Adviser 1008 pages, newly revisedand up-to-date Edition, sent free on receipt of 21 onecent stamps to cover cost of mailing only; or, in clothbinding for 31 stamps.Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.AGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALIER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.movement in the development of the ibest citizenship; second, that theis. The Crystal Ice Cream' Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.m Vv ',,s'Wf' ' ' '''S' "'''4mmmmm. ' .I V ?' ' ' r '& ' mmmmwtit'-' . ''? '',' Sim' lfy?"' ? 1SPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURNSunday, April 9th and 23rd$1 -so ISh1$i -309E8un &9l I SHH I RoundMnJMBBHjHHl TripRoundTripSPECIAL TRAINLeaves LEXINGTON 7:25 a.m.ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.personal testimony from wide experi- to.date American yonnir wornan sneence as to the value of the Association Lumiirf ho h know th.,t sh noften depend on her parasols and fansfor just the right finishing r touch to ;alightj summer costume. Shp, therefore, gives as much time and thoughtto their selection as she does to theo'her accessories in her summer outfit, "says Edith Weidenfeld in Woman'sHome Companion for May."Last year narasols and fans match-I ed and were in the same bright tonesas the sash of the crown ur the bier ribbon bow on the picture hat with whichthey were catried."This season the simple parasols inbright tones do not match the gownswith which they are carried, but arein a contrasting shade of color. If,however, the sunshade is an elaborateone, flower and lace trimed, or if it ismade of flowered silk in delicate pasteltones, it usually carries out the styleand coloring of the gown worn with it,"The fans most fashionable thissummer are made of lace, black laceand white lace, gold lace and silverlace. They are not, as a general rule,made to match the parasols, thoughthey do show some similarity either inthe trimming or in the coloring."rWT "TTlW?"8!''nWorking in the Garden;&&&CD?2k&'!';(CKrMit",-r Jj i-y v -r 1 f inin'r vw P35bA & p. v-h &SA f- XV?V-. IA-11M M" -. &A l 1- -i r: xj r n i - -A M$ZJ&jtfgifavegar-S6S-is a real pleasure it youthe right tools. We havecomplete line of the bestden implements in the "world.The' are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Gomeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did' before.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. KentTJLOfeL-vw99people of many of the smaller cities ofKentucky may have the privilege ofhPHrinc the Iwonderful eloauence andprofound adJresses of this giftedAmerican statesman; I third to securefunds with -which to establish andequip a large training camp for boysof Kentucky Associations.The following is the itinerary to befollowed by Mr. Bryan while he is inKentucky.Monday, April 249:00 a. m., Speaksto students of Western KentucKy StateNormal School, Bowling Green ; 3 :00p. m.. Lectures, auspices BowlingGreen Y. M. G. A. ; 5:00 p. m., Reception and supper at Bowling Green Y.M c. a 7:30 d. m.. Lectures,auspices Bethel College Y. M. C. A. atRussellville.Tuesday, April 2511:00 a. m., Layscorner stone of new Y. M. C. A. building at Frankfort; 12:00, Luncheon atY. M. C. A. Frankfurt; 3:00 p. m.,Lecture under auspices of GeorgetownCollege Y. M. C. A., -.at Georgetown;6:00 p. m.. Business men's dinner atLexington; 8:00 p. m., Lecture, auspices Lexington Y. M. C. A.Wednesday, April 2610:30 a. m.,Lecture, auspice3 Berea College Y. M.C. A. at Berna: 2:30 p. m., Lectures,aupsices Pastern Kentucky State Normal School Y. M. G. A. at Richmond;8:00 p m, Lectures, auspices KentuckyWesleyan College Y. M. C. A. at Winc iestf r.Thursday, April 27-9:00 a. m.,Speaks to students )f State Universityat Lexington; 11:00 a. m.. Lectures,auspices Woodford county Y. M. C. A.rt Versailles; 3:00 p. m., Lecture atOpera Hcuse at Paris; 8:00 p. m., Lectures, auspices Y. M. C. A. at Frankfort.Friday, April 23 1 :30 p. m., Businss men's luncheon at Henderson; 3:00p. m., Lecture, auspices of HendersonY. M. C. A.By the above it will be seen thatMrBryan will speak eighteen timesin eleven different cities in Kentuckyduring th's trip. "It will be a verystrenuous time but Mr. Bryin is tc ustomed to such campaigns and is fullequal t" th occasion. In most of thep aces Mr. Brym is to speak under'.theauspics ot tiie local xoung men sCnristian Associations.It can be safely said that Mr. Bryanwill draw crowded houses in everyplace he visits as there is probably noman in America today who can attractby his eloquence and personality asWere you dissatisfied with yourI last Coal. TryJBest the earth producesnd every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY,Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice."Billy" Klair Cuts In. .The Hon. W. F. Klair, who for sixconsecutive terms has bean the Rpere-sentative in the Legislature from Lexington, and who is one of the bestknown and most active Deraocraitcleaders of Central Kentucky, hasauthorized the formal announcementthat he was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Railroad Commissioner from the second railroadcommissioner district, and states thathe will at once begin an active campaign for the honor.Got No Evidence.The Montgomery County GrandJury, which has been investigatingvote traffic in that county, adjournedwithout findinc any indictment". Inits report the jury stated that it hadreasonable grounds to believe voteselling was going on in the county, butit could not get :he evidence to indict.The investigation will have a wholesome elf ect, however, as many electionworkers are badly scared, and it is believed that little of it will be done inthe coming election. The jury returned about 25 indictments for variousoffenses, including gambling.State Banks Asked to Report.Secretary of State Bruner Mondayissued a call on State banks, combinedbanks and trust companies and banking institutions for a report of theircondition at the close of business April12. . Tne rpport must be made to theSecretary of State not later than April25. There are now 4S1 banking instijtutions doing business in this state.The English Weather Man.The weather forecast for today is:Fair or fine, with some hail or snowshowers; moderating northerly winds,veering northeasterly; cold, sharpnight; frost inland. London Express.K0Qbs&ZZSm&&ZZ5mR0fZ&JChas, S. Brent & Bro.Field Seeds,Caldwell's Boone County WhiteSeed Corn,Field Seed and Oats,Dr. Haas' Hog Cholera Remedy.Salt.CHAS. 8. BRENT BRO.PARIS, - KENTUCKY.Both 'Phones 14.A P riicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.Fit Your Feetwith The Stetson, combining comfort and style. Why destroy footeffectiveness with ill-fitting shoes when theyare the only feet you will ever have?Save your nerves as well as your feet by wearing The Stetson Shoe the shoe that reachesthe top-notch of shoe smartness and gives shoeservice:The Stetson is made in high toe, arch and heel effects forthe young man in conservative, comfort-giving styles for themore conservative.mitcbell & BMcmore."Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year"East Term. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little? Rock andRuddles Mills."Whenyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service. 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoINCORPORATED..lit .-&&!it-Notices Posliry RaiserscsViwaIr TTrt?oChotera. GaBes, LimbernecK. Rghq. Canker. JIMse:xs;2.o2r Diarrhoea m& alf Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Brrant. Dids:owa, !Cy., jayt: "I have r.teJ Recife 4-1 1-44 for years end think it ihcbeilpoultry remedy mad:. It cures capes aad liraberneck wihout fail." tWill Coomes, Batditown. Ky.. sart: "One drop of Redps 4-1 1-44 dropped dcv.n ar fc !Uf a S3F33chicken tills trie worm and relieves the chict indnlly. Itis the best proentire 1 nae ever used.Mfg. and Guaraitced by J. Robt. Crane, Bardstovn, Ky. Price 50c at all Draists.SOLD BYG. S. Varden &Bon.. "I. j?h- ,-y:i- "NTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, . APRIL 21, 1911.41ft,;I-I 1BLACK HAWKCORN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROP!Light Draft, Simple Construction.VERIFY IT.The Proof is in Paris, Almost atYour Door.Wur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill, but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak soil, in comparison"with deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child to do a man's work. This is a reasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill withoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or 17 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart, without stopping the team.Hand Drop Attachment with each Planter, has Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rows and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.Terkes & Kenney,Paris. Kentuekvik9The public statement of a Paris citizen is in itself strong proof for Parispeople, but confirmation strengthensthe evidence.Here is a Paris citizen who testifiedyears ago that Doau's Kidney Pillsrelieved sick kidneys and now statesthe cure was permanent. Can anysufferer from kidney ills ask betterproof? You can investigate. The caseis right at home.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Eleventh andMain streets, Paris, Ky.. says: "Kidney trouble in my case was broughton by a fall I received two yeare ago.My back ached until I thought itwould break and sharp twinges oftenshot through my kidneys as if someone were hitting me. 1 tried variousremedies, but could not find reliefuntil I procured Doan's Kidney Pillsat Wilson's drug store. After usingthem one week I felt like a differentwoman ond I was soon completelycured. I gave a statement for publication in 11)03, telling of my experience and at this time I am glad tocoufirm all I then said in praise ofDoan's Kidney Pills. I think morehighly of them than ever.For sale by all dealeis. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.The Outdoor Nation.No nation Icves nature so much asthe German. The Italian travels toget somewhere; the German to travel.The country walk for its own sake Isa German discovery. The Englishman's ideal is a park, the German's awood, and the Frenchman loves hishoulevard.Vhat Chance Has He?Johnny "Grandpa, do liens go toheaven?" Grandpa "No, Johnny."Johnny "Well, do ministers?" Grandpa "Why, of course. Why do youask?" Johnny "Well, suppose a lioneats a minister?" Life.kS;EKP?aE3Hi asmf35S3ii2J:Mary Eliza Allen Wins No. 1296Have Stood The Test.I Tfettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins arid glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.WAPI1HiHIMHHHmargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Geo. IVTWilKams,The Shoe Man.5355535 !El - I! Margolen,II ""' Ky- IiHHHHi mmmGOTRBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aS A M P L E T R E A T M E N T FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butt causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches ro general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts aifected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just where it is needed, andui'teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven, sole by varcien & son.Jtnnie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenu. Pho e 669MttrffiagjJoe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, "Wind andLightning.Your pitronatre solicited.Professional CardsJ J. WnyLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.iloom 1 Elks Building.A Grand Climax.It was the cub reporter's first asignment the obituary of a pronent city man who had been fatally ijured in an automobile accidenthis write-up he vividly described thetragic circumstance, referring to thebereavement sustained by the family."The widow," he concluded, "is almostgrief-stricken." Success Magazine.What's the Use?Mrs. Spender "If we deposit tencents a day at four per cent, interestfor baby until he's of age, he'll have$1,212." Spender "What's the use?By that time ho can go to work.".MnmX&sdown the threat or .a "trapey"cVcl;rM destroys the wormsanil haves th2 chick's life. AU r o: in the Jriukinc waterCUKES andPP.ZVZXTS GAPES.-h.iod ar.-hoeaand other cfiick,oascc. tOn 2 COc Bottle oflc::rbo3 Poultry Gm-e?1.ij:c j J Cisli'-Jitf tf Medicine.-r,v -. .-' r-i-T '"iil keep n. bottle ofj i ji i'.-ij- . -. - fr free booklet onFor Sale by W T. Brooks.ocOaug , - ,v 'Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oflice 514 Main StreetOffice Phones j .' T 1?!';.Home 13U.Residence J 34.nesmence f Home g34DR. A. H KELLER,Pkacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and "5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... 'Kentucky0- J. Dctcrman,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St. . 'Phones 586.THE AGONY OF A BABY UNDERA SKIN AFFLICTIONis all the more terrible because itcan't tell you how it sWers. Butthere is relief at hand noc only relief but a permanent cure from prickley heat, rashes, hives, eczema andall other skin affections so prevalentanions intants during the summermonths. If you want to see yourbaby rest easy once again and alook of relief spread over its littleface, just apply this splendid remedyZEMO. We believe honestly andsincerely that in ZEMO you will findthe cure you have been praying for.We can tell you in all truth that wehave made thousands and thousandsof parents happy with this simple butsure remedy.And to prove our absolute sincerity, we have instructed all druggistsselling ZEMO, to refund the purchaser his money if the very first bottledoes not bring relief. Used persistently thereafter ZEMO is bound tocure.ZEMO and ZEMO SOAP make themost economical as well 88 the cleanest and most effective treatment foraffections of the skin and scajpwhether on infant or grown person.Sold by druggists everywhere andin Pans by our authorized agent, W.T. Brooks. - -A1-hWILLIAM ADDAMS,Candidate for Governor, favors:1. Stringent educational laws that will secure more schools,"better schools and better pay for the teachers in order to insurecompetency and such a system of schools as will insure equal opportunity to all children.2. Constitutional revision of the tax laws.3. All legislation necessary to bring the roads of Kentucky Wthe highest state of efficiency.4. State bank inspection.5. Bringing the militia up to the highest standard of efficiencyand freeing same from politics.6. Organization and co-operation between farmers as well aamong other laboring men, whether they labor in the field, factory,,store, or whereve wage is earned.7. Such legislation as would improve the relation betweencapital and labor.8. The strict enforcement of that portion of Article 6 of thejrConstitution of the United States which reads as follows :"No religious test shall ever be reouired as aqualification to any office or public trust. ' ' r9. Election of United States Senators by direct vote of theyoscfple.10. The strict enforcement of all laws on the Statute books.Democratic Primary Election, Saturday, July 1st, 191L'A'CORSETS3- &&fjjff UJf?JWSf&BfJ2Tfo WlAL: iYiaiMefciai:KiHrwWiflgdGives Aid to Strikers.Sometimes liver, kidnej's and bowels seem to go on a strike and refuseto work right. Then you need thosepleasant little strike-breakers Dr.King's New Life Pills to give themnatural aid and gently compel action,Excellent health soon follows. Tryhem. 2oc at Oberdorfer's.Greatest GoM Producer.The Witwatersrand district of SouthAfrica is the greatest gold producingcenter of the wcrld.Its Equal Don't Exist.No one has ever made a salve, ointmeut or balm to compare with Bucklen's Arnica Salve. It's the one perfect healer of cuts, corns, burns, bruises, sores, scalds, boils, ulcers, eczema,salt rheum. For sore eyes, cold sores,chapped hands or sprains its supreme.j Unrivaled for Piles. Try it. Only 2lcat Oberdorfer's.New Steel Dies.Hardened steel dies are produced byelectrolytic etching in a recently patented German process.Averts Awful Tragedy.Timely advice given Mrs. C. Willoughby, of Marengo, Wis., (R.No.l)prevented a dreadful Tragedy andsavedtwo lives. Doctors had saidher frightful cough was a "consumption" cough and oonid do little to helpher. After many remedies failed, heraunt urged her to takeDr.King's NewDiscovery. "I have been usinc it forsome time," she wrote, "andihi awful cough has almost gone. It alsosaved my little boy when taken witha severe bronchial trouble." Thismatchless medicine has no equal forthroat and lung troubles. Price 50candll. TTial bottle free. Guaranty teed by Oberdorfer..BLOOD! POISONI. Cured by the Marvel of the! Century, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anyj stage permanently, without deadly' mercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE., If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimples, or eruptions, take B. B. B. (Botanic?, Blood Halm.) All sympthoms healj quickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletelv changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress. $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice . given.Sold by Varden & Son.Titanic Tclsto!.j Everything In Tolstoi's character, air1 eminent Russian writer says, attainedTitanic proportions. "As a drinker heabsorbed fantastic quantities of liquorAs a gambler, he terrified his partner?by the boldness of his play. As a soldier he advanced gayly to Bastion 4.the bastion of death, at Sevastopol, andthere be made dying men laugh at hiswitty sayings. He surpassed everyone by his prodigious activity in sportas well as literature.". -r 4- ,-11'JJA.'-iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 21, 1911l iV Lftm 1liUtS Better Pay a Fair(0)PriceDon't be tempted to put yourmoney into so-called cheapFurniture.Pay a fair price and get a goodarticle.As a matter of money that isreally the most economical wayto do.If you would like to miss thelow grades altogether you can doso by coming here.High Furniture qualities reignsupreme hereWhich means that here are foundsuch goods at such prices thatit is the wisest sort of econemyto purchase them.wmThe New Better Value StoreC. Mi. Wheeler furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robnee!" BuildingBOTH TELEPHONESVfRememberame-It'sBirbtorsvillt Tom Defeated.Flashed with two victories fromBlue Grasi League clubs, tha baseball aggregation from BarboursvilleCollege came into town yesterday fortwo exhibition games with the Bourbonites. Yesterday afternoon they met defeat by a score of 9 to 1. Tha gamewas featureless and errors figuredprominently in the run-getting. J?aristried out two pitchers during the ninesessions. Schrauder worked five innings and Wood pitched the closingsessions. Both men showed up to agood advantage. The score:Paris 0 2 0 0 3 0 4 0 x-9Barboursville 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 01Batteries Parid. Schrauder, Woodsand Simon; Barboursville, Watkinsand Africa. Hits Paris, G; Barboursville, 3. Errots Paris, 6; Barboursville, 11.NOTES,the hardMcKelvey, the hard hitting shortstop secured by President Bacon fromthe Minneapolis club, is looked for onevery train. McKelvey was recommended to President Bacon while theMinneapolis club was here and lit casta line for the shortfielder.M. E. Timmon, of Lyons, Ind., arrived yesterday. Timmon is the pitcher recommended to Preiadent Bacon byThos. Dugger."Billy" Kuhlman came in yesterdaymorning, looking the picture of healthand ready for the game. He was athis old position at third in the gamewith Barboursville. Kuhlman is afavorite in Paris and the fans welcomehim back.Barboursville is here foi a game thisafternoon and tomorrow TransylvaniaUniversity and Paris will lock horns.Sunday atternoou Paris will meet theLexington Professionals.Pitcher Sheais, secured from theMinneapolis club, came in Mondaynight. Shears, is 6 feet 3J Jinches talland a left hanuder. Hewas here withthe Clymer squad about three weeksago, and having participated in ""several exhibition games with the Millers isin the pink of condition.Tuesday Manager McKernan released Catcher Frank Ettiner and PitcherLander. Wednesday Outlielder Harbeaugh drew the pink ticket.1 Goodman aond Harrell, of last year'saggregation, will arrive next wpek.McKernan is looking for Goodman onMonday while Harrell has wiitten thathe will arrive on April 27.Walter Mayer, the much-heraldedwind-pad artist McKernan secured inCincinnati, arrived Wednesday morning. Mayer is regarded-as the mostj promising catcher tin the league andMcKernan thinks he will set the pace! for the other backstops. lie has had "ai trial with the Reds and accompaniedtiam on their trip South.theN"Red" Kline, one of the terrors cfthe Blue Grass League last season hasdeclined to join the Lexingten clubthi3 year without an advance in salary.Kline pitched fine ball for Lexingtonlast year. This season he will pitchSunday games for an independent teai.iin Connorsville, Indiana' The Cincinnati Enquirer, the recog-nized sporting paper of the country,i has written to the president cf the' Blue Grass base ball league offering toI put the Ldx score in this season The' bcx score is the same form used for( the National, American, American' Association and other big leagues.J The sporting editor of the Enquirer, in, writing to President Ussery, says thatthe Blue Grass League has attained ahigh standard in the base ball world,entitling it to this recognition on thes sorting page of this fcbig daily. Thisjvill be good news for Paris fans aswell as all others interested in theHlue Grass League.Pineapple Juice.Try Delis' Pineapple Juice for Pineapple ice. Nothing better.21 2t C. P. COOK & CO.A. F. Wheeler's New Iceberg Refrigerator.It means everything to you when you decide to choose your RefrigeratorECONOMY, CONVENIENCE, DURABILITY, and of beautiful exterior constructionIt's the name that means most to you.And remember it and this store when you decide to choose your Refrigerator.Prices $7.00 up to $48.00.A Solid Oak China Closet Just LikeCut for $14.75rill- IPliA Beautiful Line ofDining Tablesto pick from Prices $3.75 up to$70.00 See them.Lircs and White WashFor the best Springfieldall-bristle brushes see21 2t FORD & CO.Brushes.andlimeNew Addition to Be Opened.iKnUFMflN,STRfllM60Central Kentucky's Greatest Department Store,Lexington, Ky.. OURAFTER-EASTER 'Exclusive Effects1'INWomen's Outer Garments. I- Individuality of Style atReasonable Prices.Tailor-Made Suits at $25, $30, $35Adaptions f i;om Paris models in neatly trimmed effects withsailor collar and long Re vers; made out of French Serges,Summer weight worsteds and Etamine cloths in white, navy,black and all colors. Coats are made in just the rightlength, semi-fitted and lined with rich, soft peau de cygne.Skirts cut in plain, straight lines with sufficient fullness toinsure walking comfortable.CoatsFor Motoring, touring, driving and general wear, in serges,pongees, taffetas, satins and fine linens.1Lingerie GownsOf marquisette, voile and soft muslins, in solid white, satinand lace trimmed and the much-desired colored embroideryeffects.Girls' Dresses and Waists in Peter Thompson andCo-Ed Styles.IsssxKaufman, Straus ?- Co., Lexington, Ky.jiWZX7Tf?XP 'V $ &" ?A t tlf ft ?$ ? ! $ ??-f ! f-V t$ f ft ? ?'" & f$4 ta t fc ? VKt !" "T ?- "-T- "-T- -T- -" "-T-" " - !- -T-" "-T- "f-" ''' T ! ?" "-T- - ".?-" '.f. ijt.9Notice1 Farmers! IWool lwine, aSheep Shea.in'vcSJ.1AH Kinds of DependableHardware for the Farm.Call and Examine the Best and CheapestFarm Fence Ever Offered.ever offered.if" w ii iiiTO ly IA new one, and by far the strongestSpringfield Lime andWhite Wash Brushes&TA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Third Sts.CHLS. GREEN, Mgr.Paris, KentuckyOpp. Court HouseJThe rapid progress of the city andthe growth in the residence sections ofthe town has increased the demand forsuitable building property and as a result there has been a steady and continual demand, for town lots. Withthe object of placing upon the marketsome of the most desirable lots to behad in the city, the property of Mrs.C. J. Barnes, in South Paris, betterknown as the old Bacon property, willbe divided into town lots and disposedof at public sale on Thursday, May 11.The location of the property is themost desirable in the cily; the elevation is ideal and the surroundingsbeautiful It is within a short distanceof the new railroad yards that haverecently been constructed and will furnish suitable sites for the election ofreisdences for the convenience of railroad men. With the construction ofthe new double track of the L. &. N.from this city to Covington and themaking of Paris a terminal for the L.& E. railroad, the influx of employesof the! cad will increase th population and as investments town lots inthis sectirn will piove veiy profitable.1 his sale will be conducted by Harris& SDcakte, the hustlinc real estatedealers, and the lots will te sold re-1gardless of what is bid as thi3 real estate must be turned into cash.Marriage License Issued.A marriage license was issuedTuesday to Mr. Kelly Barnes and MissClyde Lith.For Poultry and Cattle.Minor's Fluid is a successful methodfor treating diseases of poultry andcattle21 2t VARDEN & SON. v44444 444 4 44FORD & CO.Paris, Ky..Mass Convention )There will be a mass convention at the Old Christian Church,Saturday, April 29, 1911,at 1:30 p. m., to select delegates to attend the District Conventionto be held in Paris, Ky., May 3rd, at 1 p. m., for the purpose ofnominating a candidate for Railroad Commissioner.GEO. W. STUART,Chairman Republican County Committee.A Greek Joke.A citizen of Cumae, on a donkey,passed by an orchard, and seeing abranch of a fig tree loaded with delicious-fruithe laid hold of it. butthe donkey went on, leaving him suspended. Just then the gardener cameup and asked him what he did there.The man replied, "I fell off the donkey." Clouston's "A Book of Noodles."Home of Governors.The Louisville Courier-Journal saysKentucky has furnished to other states10G governors.tfloodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old.ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly. Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.He Can't Halp It.Our Ideas of a sensitive man-Is thefellow who worries when nobody notices that he has had his hair cut.iL.y,-v.y.'THE BOURBON -NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NAPRIL 21, 1911.SI4m BOURBON NEWS.WWFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMESpring Footwear.Try Feld for your spring footwear.Hogs Shipped.This week W. G. McCIintock shippod to the Cincinnati market threecars of hogs for which he paid from 5hto 5g cents per pound.TheStUse Clarke's Poultry Remedies.UStParis Sand Engaged.The Paris I.Jilitiary Band has htenengaged to fi.iv.isli the music for theTnird District Ilailroud Conv.tnticn tobe heJd in this city May S.Wooi, Twine and Sheep Shears.We have the best twine at lowestprice and shears guaranteed.21 2t FORD &. CO.Special Bargains in Books.We have a number of the faestnovels in our circulating libiary tl-atymi cu,i buy lor 25 cents each.Il 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Good Price for Land.Th- Winchester Sun-Sentinel says:"Th- Blue Grass Realty Company, asagen: for Mrs. Mag Prewit has justacid to Mr. E. C. Lisle a farm or 50acres on the Paris pike. The pricewas $130 an acre and possession willbe given May 1."Seed Corn.Caldwell's Pure Bred Boone countybite Seed Corn. For sale byCM AS. S. BRENT & BRO.Bth phones 14 2S 6tEggs Wanted.Highest cash prices paid for eggs.SAUER.Police Court.In Police Court Wednesday morningJudge E.B. January assessed a stifffine against May Small, a negress,charged with disorderly conduct. Thewoman became intoxicated, creatingquite a disturbance, which caused herarrast.Ciarke's Poultry Remedies.Use Clarke's Limberneck and RoupRemedy. M StCandidates Visit Paris.Hen. James P. Edward?, a candidatefor the Democratic nomination forLitntenant Governor and Hon. JamesGarrett, of Adair county, candidatefar Attorney General, were visitors inParis Tuesday in the interest of theircandidacy.Bicycles and Supplies.We handle a high rr.de of bicyclesaad !o carr3 a complete line of supplies ana repairs.2! 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.PEISONAL MENTION.Edmonu Mann continuesRELIGIOUS.Arm Broken.Lf e J. Masterson, aged 17 j ears,employed in the repair shops of theBo j r bon Garage and Supply Co., had asmall bone in his right arm brokenMonday afternoon while he was cranking an automobile. A back-fire in theengine threw the crank against hisnrm with such force as to cause thefacture.See the Angelo.S The Angelo tRush Oil Burner forcooking and heating was awarded fourgold medals over all other burners. Isabsolutely safe and can be used in anystove. Sold en a strict guarantee toplease you or money refunded. Calland see it .demonstrated at SOS Mainstreet, Paris, Ky.21 tf W. A. THOMSON & CO.New Arrivalsembodying the very newest in suits.See windows.J. W. DAVIS & COKilled By Tree.During the heavy storm which sweptovr this section Wednesday afternoon,the wind blew a tree over the railroadtrack one mile from Cynthiana striking the cab of the engine of northbound L. & N. passenger train No. 38,killing W. N. Neal, a fireman, whosehome is in Covington. The engine wasslightly damaged, and one side of thecab caved in. Neal was crushed bythe weight ot the tree.Elegant Lines.The finest stock of carpets, rugs,mattings and furniture to be fundanywhere in Kentucky. Uoire andlook over this stock and make yourselections.J. T. HIN7 0NS.Prudent Mothers,possessed of a desire for saving,should see our line of boys' clothing. tJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Mr,quite ill.Mr. W. R. Blakemoie is in Chicagofor a two weeks' stay.Mrs. R. L. Bramblett, who hasbten quite ill, is improving.Mrs. Bruce Adair is improvingafter an attack of appendicitis.Mr. J. W. King is ill with pneumonia at his home on West street.Miss Ru'.h Morgan left yesterdaymorning for a visit in Middlesboro.Miss Anna Eads Peed has returnedfrom a visit to fiiends in Lexington.Dr. Ben Frank, of New York Citj',is the guest of his mother, Mrs. Juliah rank.Thomas Roberts. Jr.,, is criticallyill at the home cf his parents on Tenthstreet.Mr. Sprigs Brent, of Covington,in the gu.st of Mr. and Mrs. FordBrent.Dr. and Mrs. F. J. Cheek, ofr.ouisville, are guests of Dr. FrankFithian.Mrs. Carrol! Hamilton, of All.Sterlini-, s ihe guest of Mrs. J. M.Branncn.Mr. and Mrs. John Davis have returned from a trip to Atlanta andOh ark: Ion.- Mrs. E-Jgar Woodward and daughter, Lucille, of Larl:sie. ara visitingrcl-iilvas in Paris.Mrs. N?wton Taylcr Ins returndfrom a visit to tier sister, Mrs. KirbyMuir, in Lexington.Mr. Gus Margolen has returnedfrom Cincinnati where he underwenta slight operation.Miss May me Gurey, of Pat is, wastaken to the St. Joseph Hospital Tuesday for a slight operation.Miss Alice Foley, of Danville, whovisited Airs. William Kenney thisweeK, returned to her home yesterday.Mrs. J. II. Porter and Mrs. J. W.Taylor, of this city are guests of Air.and Mrs. W. P. Hackett, in Winchester. Mr. Benjamin R. Hoffman, ofPhiladelphia, arrived Wednesday for afew days stay tvith Air. W. W.Mitchell.Aliss Nannie Clay, who is attendnz sshool at Ursaline Convent, atBrownviHe, Ohio, is the guest of hergrandmother. Airs. Clay.Air. .lesse Turney is ill withonnonioifis Ty Flmrirl Rovi-ntrj nfl4J(JCIlUlLlllIt J-Sl. UUViU 4- U L 1. V TT , Ji. Iiiexingion, was cauen in consuuaticnwith his physician yesterday.John 1. Farris, s:n of Air. andMrs. .los. Farris, was taken to the St. 1Joseph Hospital at Lexington, fucsti'y for treatment for typhoid fever.Mrs. J. S. Wilson and little sonhave returned from Pensacola, Okla.,where they have been for sever ilweeks. Mr. Wilson is expecteu ,to return in two weeks.Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman, whohas been attending the Eastern Kentucky Normal School at Richmond,where she has been taking a specialcourse has returned home.i Aliss Margaret Ferguson has asher guests for the Easthr holidaysAliss Alaiy Rout, Edith Hunter andI Katherine Nuckles. They returned toI Alargaret College, Versailles, Monday.J Dr. J. W. Longan has rentee the 1office rooms or Airs. J. S. Walhngford 1at the corner of Pleasant street andDuncan avenue and will move hisoffices from h'is residence on HighI street.AJrs. J. P. Alann, of Richmond,was taken to the St. Joseph Hospital' Tuesday where she was operated on by, Dr. David Barrow. Airs. Mann is a(laughter ot Mr. and Mrs, is. r. Kemington, of this cityMrs. Virgil Gaitskill and Airs.I Wade Hampton Whitley gave a delightful luncheon Wednesday in honor ofMiss Virginia Griffith, who is to bemarried to Air. Edward Powell Bosworth, of Lexington, on April 27. Thetable was profusely decorated withpink rosebuds and violets, the colorscheme being pink, while dainty handpainted place cards portraying Cupidwere to be found at each plate. Theguests were Mesdames Lou Taylor,Charles AIcAlillan, White Varden, CarlWilmoth, Withers Davis, WilliamBreckinridge Ardery, Virgil Gaitskill,Grover Baldwin and Misses MargaretMorris, Mary Woodford, Carolyn Rosebury, Lucille Morrris, CatherineDavis, Rachel Wiggins, n,dna EarlHinton, Elizabeth Steele, Alary Batterton, Sallie Adair and VirginiaGriffith.inElder Carey E. Morgan will behis pulpit at the Christian church Sunday morning and evening.Minor's Fluid.aroundhorses.barhed. Alinor's Fluid is vay usefulthe stables and beneficial tonistp.mner. harness frails, lice.wire cuts and all tunas ot wounos anasores quickly healed by bathing in thesolution.21 2t VARDEN & SON.Defines Bog Tax Penalty.The Court of Appeals affirmed theAllen Court in the case of the Commonwealth against Will Payne and defines the penalties imposed by the dogtax law. The court says:"The person who keeps or harbors adog and does not list it, becomes liableto the ten-dollar penalty. He mayescape the twenty-five dollar penaltyif, after this, he pays the tax on it.The statute was not intended to punish.the owner of a dog simply for failing jto pay his taxes after he has given inhis list as required by law.'ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Sidney G. Clay as a candidate for Representative in the Legislature fromBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic party.AppropriateFor Easter.IpIONE MINUTE,PLEASE!Assignee's'8OFotise and Lot inClaysville.I will, as assignee of the estate ofJordan Richardson, onSaturday, May 6th, 1911.sell at public auction to the highestbidder a house and lot in Claysville.The lot fronts 50 feet and extendsback 100 feet more or less. The housethereon contains four rooms. Allnecessary outbuildings. A splendidnvestment.W. P. ARDERY,3teot2l Assignee.MUFF FOUND.A muff was left here several weeksago, the owner can get same by describing muff anl paying for thisadvertisement.21 2t PARIS BOOK CO.kJOn Wednesday night betweenTwelfth street and Presbyterian churcha necklace containing three Cameocorals. Suitable reward for reuirn toNews office. 21 ?tBUUUllFOR RENT.r mm. $m (& mavmi w mux ra ra mI i tfwbwHouse and 15 acres of land about onemile from Paris. Good orchard and (place well improved, Possession givenat once. Call home phone 437. .Hog Taken Up.One black boar hog, weight about120,'pounds. Owner can get same bypaying advertisin charges and expenseof keeping. Apply atTHE PARIS FIRE DEP'T.FOUND.A rosary on Winchester street. Owner can have same by proying propertyand paying costs. Apply at this office.FOUND.A True Blue lor You.Serges that won't fade, a new onefor every one that does. $15 to $30.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Now is the Time.Now is the time to usej Gape Remedy for chicks.Two Horse Team Runs OILA team of horses drawing a wagonloaded with cultivators and belongingto Jacob Hicks, of Cynthiana, tookfright and attempted to run away atthe corner of Fifth and Alain streetsTuesday morning. The frightened'animals dashed over the pavement infront of the furniture store of Mr.Geo. W. Davis, going between thebuilding and a telephone pole, andpulling the heavily loaded wagon withthem. The driver succeeded in stopping them without any damage otherihan scattering a portion of the implements over the streetGarden Seed.Onion sets five cents per quart..Gsrdenseed, package and bulk ; seed2LfittJ. T. LfcNltlAJN.Clarke's14 8tTwo Bourbon Cases Affirmed.The Court of Appeals Tuesdayaffirmed' the judgments in two casesthat went up from Bourbon countywhich were of great interest locally.In the case of Grimes versus J. W.Prcscott, as Executor of the estate ofMrs. Mary E. Prcscott, who was AlissAlary Grimes before her marriage, itwrs alleged '"that Airs. Prescott hadfailed to keep property located nearAusterlitz, in this county, in repair,and the Grimes heirs filed suit againsther executor to 'recover the expensesof repairing tha property. The Bcurbon Circuit Court rendered a judgmentajgainst tne Executor in the sum of53,000. AIcMillan and Talbott represented the plaintiffs.The case of Crosd2le against thBlue Grass Traction Company was alsoaffirmed by thtt court, upholding averdict in the sum of SI, 800 renderedin the Bourbon Circuit Court. Air.George Crosdale was thrown from hisbuggy while driving in the vicinity ofthe fair grounds when his horse became frightened by a car operated bythe traction company. E. M. Dicksonand Claude M. Thomas represented theplaintiff.In the store of Frank & Co., a pairof rimless nose glasses. Owner canget same by applying at the Newsoffice and paying charges.FOR SALE.One International 2 horse-powergasoline engine cheap.S. KERSLAKE & SON.FOR SALE,One bay mare 9 years old ; goodworker and good driver. Apply totf E. M. WHEELER.BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY.14 mch 3m E. T. phone 656.FOR RENT.Four room house, large barn andother outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in the city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS,24 tf or GEO. RASSENFOSSflu mit na uh-1The Metza 1 )I AuiomoDiie, js sI Simplest, most practicalI and economical two-j passenger machine man- jI factored. Complete at IJ vPJJ.ISara'I Kerslake & Sun.i. , -You have neverknown the fuii beauty 'of sacred songsuntil you have heardthem on the Victor.Come in and hear yourfavorite hymns sung bynoted soloists andfamous choirs.Victors, $10 to $250.Terms to suit.msnaWe have several of thelatent Victrolas from $75 up.Call and see them.Daugbwtp BrosFOR RENT.House of 7 rooms and bath cornerSixth and High. Apply toM.J. MURPHY.LOST.A cul-off valve tor an automobile, between Fordham Hotel and Clintonvillepike, or on Hich street. Return toBcurcon News and rceivc reward, tfIf you are in need of a Silk Dress, a WoolDress, or a dress of any sort, we have thematerial you are looking for, and the dresstrimmings to suit. We have made big preparations and can please you. Now is thetime to make your selections.When . you are ready for your Lace Curtains or Draperies, bear in mind our stock isthe largest in Paris.Come take a look !I W. Ed. Tucker.If sE lCut RateCash SpecialsJowl Meat1 0c pcr lb.Sugar Cured Shoulders,12icBlackberry Jam'4 Pure Blackberry Jam, nothing finer made.Never sold for less than 20e lb. Our price . .12 c2 $2?j&gmc.J-aacmS saSasrsssa EZsm&s Hr i ir II mi MM$$Mg&mWi5E8&&9BBSSaBttEB BEMM OBYOIP 1With Every Cash Purchase of $25 r Over, I Give YouAbsolutely Free ThisGlass Set of Eighteen Pieces, Consisting of1 Large Water Pitcher, 6 Tumblers,1 Large Berry Bowl, 1 Cream Pitcher,6 Individual Berry Bowls, 1 Sugar Bowl,1 Spoon Holder, 1 Butter Dish.These pieces must be seen to be appreciated. They are not cut glassbut the kind for every day use.Let Me Show You MyRugs, Carpets, Mattings and Furniture.I Surely Save You Money.Wall Paper at Any Price.When We Kang It We Hang It RIGHT.1North Star Refrigerators the Best.If you want a cheap one, we have the New Iceberg, The Royal, The Star,The Indiana.Buy a Sanitary Couch thas Week for $2.95.Two Matting Rugs 18-in. x 38in. for - - 25cWOOD MANTELS ,J. T. HINTON.lI-1ItIVI'v.soBnw ,. . -. . j.-! hTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL.-11, 1911:Ckarles Masoi Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Often bis services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Fruit and ShadeTrees--Strawberry Plants,Asparagus, Blackberries, Raspberries, Roses, Khubarb, Etc.fistr-STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSTALLIONS ADVERTISED.Attention is directed to the following stallions advertised on anotherpage of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon-Norab, 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Hinkson Black Prince.Sterling Hinkson Burley.JACKS.Charlton Clay Tom Mack.:ITTVeWrite for Free Catalogue.Have no Agents.H. f . HILLENMEYER & SONS,I Lexington, Ky.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Clarke Has the Right Idea.Speaker Champ Clark has the rightidea of things. In a recent caucus hesaid:"There is only one way to economize, ana tnst is tor eacn man oi us iobegin economizing at home. To startthe ball rolling I propose to do aj littleeconomizing on my own hook. 1 amgoing to cut down my office staff. ThenI shall go further. I am going to savethe people $6,000 by doing away withthe Speaker's automobile. If I cannotlegally get rid of it, I will run it intothe Potomac. The Republicans willsay it is cheeseparing and peanut politics, but the people have some sense,and they will know that if we beginby giving up our own little grafts thatwe will then be morally fortified togo after the bigger ones. And I don tcare what the Republicans say, I willco-operate with any man in this Housewho can find a place for sensibleeconomy. I don't care whether it is alittle economy or a big economy thatis proposed, I will work with anymember to bring it about if it is a sensible one."A Good Example"I am a good example," writes Mrs. R. L. Bell, ofMcAlester, Okla., J'of what Cardui will . do for sufferingwomen."I suffered with my head and back, for over six years,and although I tried everything, I never could get anything to do me any good, until I began to take Cardui."Cardui has surely helped me and built me up and Iam so thankful that I have found something that will dome good. I feel so much stronger and better than I havein a long time."It is well to make up your mind before you are sickwhat medicine you will take when you are sick.1 CARDUIJ 7The Woman's TonicYou will be glad to take it when you are tired, miserable and when life seems a weary grind. It will putnew thoughts into your head, fresh courage into your mind.If not sick now, at least burn Cardui on to the pagesof your memory, so that when you are sick you will askfor it without thinking.If sick or weak, get a bottle today. At all druggists.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dcpt., Chattanooca Medicine Co., Chattannooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free.ly,);"T"""ORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship aro Displayedin Our Work.An individuality dislinyuishes our Monuments from all ottere, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combiribd.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jfdams St Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.SWKifflMWWMmWWMmMWmWtSpring Announoomont.We wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Beryamine'sFine Suits range in prices from$20 to $35Exuals the finest tailor made.Twin BrosnLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.muHKIM04Plows,Harrows,Corn Planters,Cultivators.Vulcan Plows,McCormick andB. H. Disk Harrows,Racine, Sattley and JaynesvilleCorn Planters.The Brinly Leverless andAvery Cultivators.TXA DigCalf.In Montgomery county last fall,Charlie Duff bought of George &.Everett a calf to be taken when it wasa year old. If the animal should weigheleven hundred pounds at that timehe was to pay sixteen cents per poundtor it If it failed to weigh that muchhe was to get it for nothing. It was ayear old en the 11th of March and thatday weighed 1,110 Jpounds, and costMr. Duff $177.60.Smallest Island.The island on which the Eddystonolighthouse is situated Is the smallestInhabited Island in tho world, it issaid, although there may be some disputants to this claim in the Thousandislands. It is" only 30 feet in diameterat low water.Mt. Sterling Court.Ster-The Advocate reports the Mt.ling Court as follows:"About 1,500 cattle on the market.The quality was fairly good. Tradewas slow, buyes claiming prices weretoo high to do business. Some nice1,300-pound steers sold at G cents andwe noticed some light tuff selling bythe head fullv that high. One thousand pound steers at b to 5h cents ;yearlings at 5 to 5 cents; heifers at 5cents; cows at 4 to 5 cents; bulls at Ucents; old cows and rough oxen at 2 to3 cents.Mcodie Makes a Call.Andrew Moodic, a farmer residing'ear tov.n. went to visit a neighbor.Tohn Telford, the other night. As hereiid the door leadinc into theI'cuse he fell, iii the d .rk. throughtho open trap door of. the cellar. Athe moment Telford was seconding therellar stairs, and Mcocl'e droppedastride his neck. Both went to thebottom, Telford escaping unhurt, butMoodic sustaining a fracture of threeribs. Smitn ails Dispatch in Toronto.Mall.Are First Class Implements and For Sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawford3 Oliairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Now Face a Losing Proposition.Export cattlemen in the Blue Grasssection of Kentucky are facing amoney-losing proposition this year,and thousands of dollars will kbe dropped by those handlers who have heretofore made good money, says the Mt.Sterling Gazette. Last year the cattlemen went,wild over the prices paid forexporters and as a result bought heavily of feeders weighing from 1,000 to1,100 pounds and paid prices rangingrfom 5 1-4 to (i cents per pound, figureswithout reason or justification. Thesecattle were fed heavily throughout thewinter on $3 per barrel corn an someeven higher in priced. Export cattlein this market last year brought from6 to 7$ cents per pound, and theseprices, too, when the cattle cost whenpurchased only from '6 to 4 cents.Buyers have been in this county within the past three weeks looking at thecattle, some of which have offered forsale at 6 to (jh cents, but the huyersdeclined to buy and are waiting developments. Should the price of exporters stay at 6 to 6i cents during thenext few months on cattle for June,July and August delivery the handlerswill lose heavily.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with k. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building', Craciaamti, Okio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Yarden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions.pure drugs andprompt service.Harden & Son.Druggis",mmmmmmmmWmmmmmmmm5mSPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shoppingour Drygoods and Ready-to-Wear Millinery andShoe Department. We have for your inspection afashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts,Dresses,Waists.Silk Petticoats,Muslin Underwear,Slippers,Millinery,Drygoods.Dress Goods,Silks,White Goods,Laces,Trimmings,i'mbroideries,Flaxons, Etc.We are always pleased to have you call and scoour handsome Spring selection.BROSTWINTwo Big Stores in OneParis, KentuckyiCor. 7th and Maint25 iirCHARLES W. HECK,SUCCESSORS TO-IH0LLIBAY & SETTLE6airiaae and Repair shod at Paris, Ky.; Ift Twenty-five years experience in the business. mInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.Everybody Wauls a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us. . 'We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & M'f 'g Company,IncorporatedPARIS, KY.Yard at Office,15th and Main Sts.Home Phone 12; L T. 530Ett : j .i. - " - -.. -". ' - - - '-IifV. k' r'. THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 2lfl911.0modern and UMoDateDenial Parlors,main Street, Paris, KentucRy,PARLORS OVER VARDEX'SDRUG STOREI invite you and your friends to visitmy parlors and Have your teeth examined free of charge. Will tell youjut what your work will cost, andcan assure you prompt and courteoustreatment at all times. I use the bestof material and do all my own work.A"k yo-u neighbor about me, I have!e:ie work for some of them, as Ihave practiced here for over four3 ears.In order to increase mv businessand introduce my PAINLESS METHODS into every house in Pans andsurrounding country, I will, for alimited time, make the followingprices :Examination FreeExtracting '. 50cCleaning $l.O0Gold Fillings, from $1.00 toSilver Fillings, from 50c to3,002.00$5Only.Full Set of Teeth (to Fit)Gold Crown (22 K)Porcelain CrownsBridge WorkAbove Prices Are For CashAll Work Guaranteed.OFFICE HOURS:S a. m. to 6 p. m. Sundays 9 to 12.DR. J. H. LACOCKOffice over Varden's Drug Store.Cut this ad. out and bring it withyou and get advantage of aboveprices, and have work done by anexperienced dentist.I WANT WORK !G.M. TURNER,CONTRACTORPainting, Graining'and Paperflanging.All work neatly done and guaranteed. Address,863 West Street, Paris, Ky.Reference Dr. A. H. Keller, Thos.Kiser.John White & Co.:.OUISVILLC, KY.Established ie37il.ghestmarkc'.priccpaid! FURSand HIDES.WOOiL4iC3 CCKMISStOVAuction Sale-OF-WHISKYIn accordance with the provisions ofSection 477h of the Kentucky Statutes, the G. (J. Whits Company will,enTuesday, April 25th, 1911,sell a t public auction en the premisesof the G. G. White Company Distillery, Paris, Bourbon county, Kentucky, the following deEcribed whisky,or so much of it as may be necessarythe liens thereon and the expenses ofthe sale:Five (5) barrels of Chicken CcckISourbon whisky, serials 42829 to 42833inclusive, produced in February, 1902,at the G. G. White Company, Distillery No. 14, Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky. Amount to be realized5252.71 and expenses of the sale andcost of advertising. Owner unknown.Warehouse charges are in defaultfor more than one y.ear. For furtherinformation inquire ofO. P. CARTER, JR.,Superintendent.Tu3w Paris, Ky.Endures for AgesSince Superior Is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all lands of work. Every user ofcement should leam more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.UnR Trurt Buildi. CiriW. Oi0.Justus Collins President,Superior Portland Ccaent Ct.iKJK(nffVffrBii 'Master's S : I e-OFValuable House and Lot inParis, Ky.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mattie Houston, &c, - - Plaintiff.vs.James Henry, &c.Defendant.By virtue of a 'judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March term, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court the undersigned Master Commissioner of saidcourt will onMonday, May 1st, 1911,at the court house door in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, about the hour cf11 o'clock a. in. sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder theproperty described in the judgmentand ordered to be sold in the abovestyled action on a credit fof six andtwelve months for'equal parts of thepurchase money, to-wit :A certain house and lot on the Westside of Walkers Avenue in the City ofParis. Bourbon County, Kentucky,fronting on said avenue, and boundedon one side by the lot of L. U. Harris ;on the other side by the lot of Mrs.Weathers, and on the lear by thelot of John Nayless.The purchaser will be required toexecute bends with approved suretybearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from date of sale until paid, payable to the undersignedMaster Commissioner. The purchasermay pay all said purchase price incash, or any and all of said bonds, before mentioned except the infants'portion which shall remain a lien onsaid property until they arrive t theage of 21 years, or until their guardian shall execute bond as required bySection 493 of the Civil Code.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.g4 George" Batterton, Attorney.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. 11 4t:,iaEas&zav ft z. '?rzr.--, -- oOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Davey Tree Expert Co.,Kent, Ohio.Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Trpe Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER,406Plea3ant street.Home phone 254. " Paris. Ky.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights Ac.A .... .Anrflncv a .Vftfli aflff ftpflCrinMnn TT1ATquickly ascertain our opinion free wnetner aninvention is probably patentable. Communiontlonsiarictly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentssent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.Patents taken through Munn & Co. receivetptcial notice, without charge, in theScientific American.A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest jrtrculatlon of any scientltlc Journal. Terms, 3 ayear: four months, L Sold byall newsdealers.MUNN &Co.Bdr. New YorkBranch Office. C25 F BU Washlnstou. D. C.MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a Specialty ofHauling Tobacco.vfSPatsmi.J MfcjUp-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES. ,Master's Sale-OP-Bourbon County LandBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.John Summerville Clark, etc.,On Petition.By virtue of a judgment and ordei ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March, 1911, termof the Bourbon Circuit Court the undersigned Master Commissioner of saidcourt will onMonday, May 1st. 1911,at the court house door in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder on acredit of six and twelve months forpqual parts of the purchase money theland described in said judgment andordered to be sold in this action, towit: A tract of nineteen and fifty-two-hundredthsacres of land situated nearMillersburg, Bourbon county, Kentucky, on the waters of HinkstonCreek, and bounded as follows: Beginning at A. a stake in the southernmargin of a road and corner to Jos.Miller; thence with said Miller's lineS. 18 1-4 E. 12.35 chs. to B. on thenorth bank ot Hinkston .Creek ; thenceup Hinkston at common water mark,N. 71 E. 16.43 chs. to C, a corner toChas. Mathers; thence with saidMather's line, N. 41 W. 18.81 chs. toB in southern margin of road or passway along the southeastern side ofrailroad: thence along the southernmargin 6fsaid passway, S. 38 1-4 W.3.29 chs. to E; thence S. 42 1-4, W 1.80chs. to F; thence S. 44 W. 5.15chs. to the beginning, containing 19.52acres, being a part of the 113 acres, 3rods and 21 poles heretofore conveyedto Charles C. Clarke by William N.Clarke.The purchaser shall execute bondwith good surety bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent per annumfrom day of sale until paid. Payableto the undersigned Master Commissioner with a lien reserved upon saidland to secure payment of said purchase money. The purchase moneyshall remain a lien upon said land inthe hands of the purchaser until theStatutory Guardian of said infantsshall execute bond as prescribed bysection 493 of the Civil Code of Practice. RUSSELL MANN, M. fJ. B. C. C.E. M. Dickson, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. 11 4tMaster's Sale-OF-Town Lot!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Clara H. Jones - - - - Plaintiff.vs.Carrie A. King - - - Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the alrvestyled action at the March teri, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court the undersigned Master Commissioner ofsaid court will onMonday, May 1st, 1911,at the court houpe door in the Cityof Paris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock a. m. sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder on acredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money theproperty described in the judgmentand ordered to be sold in this action,to-wit:Lot No. 32 in Brooks' Addition inthe City of Paris, Kentucky, frontingfifty (HO) feet on Brooks street, beginning in said street at a corner to lotNo. 31 and running back with said lotNo. 31, 104 feet to the line of lot No.32; then with the line of lot No. 31 tothe line of lot No. 33; thence with theline of lot No. 32 102 feet to Brooksstreet, thence said street 50 feet to thebeginning.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith good security, bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent per annumfrom date of sale until paid, payableto the undersigned Master Commissioner, but the purchaser may paycash if he so desires.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.P. A. Thompson, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. 11 4tHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Fine Winter Vegetable.We are enly just now beginning tohave skirrets in our market Thisvegetable Is an Asiatic one, beingknown to China and India. It has beena favorite in Europe and especially inParis for 25 years, and has tuberousclustered roots, very whits and sweet,and when served with b.'-.ter they aredelicious. It Is a most desirable winter vegetable.Heart Is Best Guide.The man who offers sympathy to aneighbor and who comforts him Intime of trouble can afford to run therisk of being accused of not mindinghis own business. An act of genuine kindness is readily distinguishedfrom intermeddling. The heart " issometimes a better guide for actionthan the head."Bad Jake" Noble ia the Toils.Declaring that life behind the bprsof a penitentiary is preferable to alife spent evading the law. "Badlake" Noble, notorious feudist ofBreathitt county, man-killer and theobject of an extensive man hunt inKentic'cy ieeilly, surrendered Morday at tWinslow, iWahington county,Arkansas, to Deputy Sheriff b. H.Guinn.Nobla is wanted in Breathitt forkilling County Jailer Wesley Turner,Jr., on election night last November.Noble met Turner and Pierce Crawfordon the street and renewed an oldquarrel with Turner. He borroweda revolver from Crawford and ahotTurner. He immediately fled. It wassupposed that he. had been killed byone of the posses searching for him.From all indications Noble has spenta life of hardship since "fleeing fromKentucky. He had been employed atthe Moutain Hotel at jWinslow, Ark.,having worked there just one week.He aroused suspicion Saturday nightwhen he went to a village barber shopand had his head shaved, remarkingthat it was his custom 'to have hishead shaved tnree times a year.Governor Willson Tuesday issued arequisition on the Governor of -Arkansasfor the return to this state ofMoble.The requisition was turned overto Rev. J. H. Hudson, Sheriff ufBreatthitt county. Sheriff Hudson leftTuesday right for Arkansas to bringNoble to Jackson.Do Ghosts Haunt Swnmps?No, never. Its foolish to fear a fancied evil, when there are real anddeadly perils to guard against inswamps and marshes, bayous, andlowlands. These are the malariagerms that cause ague, chills and fever, weakness, aches in the bonesand muscles and may induce deadlytyphoid. But Electric Bitters destroys and cast 8 out these viciousgerms from the blood.' Three bottlesdrove all the malaria from my system," wrote Wm. Fretwell, of Lucama, N. O., "and I've had fine healthever since." Use this safe, sure remedy only. 50c at Oberdorfer's.Colonel Krieger Resigns.Colonel Robert N. Krieger, ofLouisville, Tuesday resigned as Assistant Adjutant General of the State,which office he has held for the lastthiee years. Col. Krieger will receivethe appointment of Adjutant of theFirst Regiment and will make hishome in Louisville.Beware o! Ointments for Catarrhthat Contain Mercury.as mercury will certainly destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering it through the mucous surfaces.Such articles should never be usedexcept on prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage theywill do is ten fold to the good you canpossibly derive from them.. Hall'sCatarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., containsno mercury, and is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system. Inbuying Hall's Catarrh Cure, be sureyou get the genuine. It is taken internally and made in Toledo, O., byF. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists 75c per bottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for coustip at ion.Cantriil Wants Some Probing.Representative Campbell Cantriilbegan Tuesday a thorough investigation of the pubile ouildings of thecountry, with a view to determinetheir protection against fird and theirfacility for preserving public records.His sub committee probably will travelextensively and may visit some of thepublic buildings in Kentucky.Mr. Cantriil is receiving sensationclinformation as to the dane to thelives of epmloyes ;of pub::c buildingsthrcugn a lack of fire t scopes andother protection against fir. He proposes to go through the public buildings in Washington and makH a personal inspection and it" conditions are asrepresented he sill bring in drasticlegislation ot a remedial nature.Different.A young man is disgusted when hofinds his sister doesn't know the nameof the governor of the state, but whenthe sweet young thing in the nextblock discloses the fact that shedoesn't know the state has a governorhe goes down on his knees to hersweet femininity.Scrofula disfigures andcauses life-long misery.Children becomestrong and lively whengiven small doses ofScott's Emuevery day. The starvedbody is fed; the swollenglands healed, and thetainted blood vitalized.Good food, fresh air andScott's Emulsion conquer scrofula and manyother blood diseases.FOR SAI,E BY AXI, DRUGGISTSSend 10c., name of paper and this ad. forour beautiful Cavings Bankkand Child'sSketch-Book. Each bank contains aGood I,ck Penny. ,SCOTT BOWNE, 4 Pri St., N. Y.L'In 1vwIF YOU HAVE A SICKLYYOUNGSTER TRY THIS FREEThe family with young childrenthat is without sickness in the housenow and then is rare, and so it is important that the head of the houseshould know what, to do in the littleemergencies that arise. A child witha serious ailment needs a doctor, it istrue, but in the majority of instances,as any doctor knows, the child suffersfrom some intestinal trouble, usuallyconstipation.There is no sense Jn giving it a pillor a remedy containing: an opiate, noris flushing of the bowels to be alwaysrecommended. Rather give it a smalldose of a mild, gentle laxative toniclike Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which, by cleaning out the bowels andTOM MACKThe Premium Jack.Fine black jack, 16 hands high, largebone, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Mack will make the season of1911 at Marchmont Stock Farmon .theWinchester pike, 2 miles east of Paris,at$10 for Mares and $15 for JennetsJ TO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonmoney is paid. Mares kept at 3 permonth or ten cents per day on grass.Not responsible for accidents cr escapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY,E. T. Phone 57,R. F. D. No. 2, Pari, Ky.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters Tor Draf t Horses:BLACK PRINCENo. 48.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will make thelawn Stock Farm .Abou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt iafoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLIINC -IINKSON,;Lair, Ky.,sWd LOOA superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mierhtv Allerton 2:091. chamnion to hicrh wheels and the greatestI. - ,".'.. ..'-.sire.Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney! 2:11VHe holds the record for onechampion racing stalliou of JSKH-1D05; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:14K; five year-old record 2:07K : six-year-old record 2:05 J 'seven-year-old record 2:0334; eight -$50 FOR A.NORAB 369 1 5, Trial 2. 1 ft, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:1S by Ambassador 2:21), grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09K) by Grand Sentinel$15 TOR A LIVING POALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, Kentuckyi-B T" "I 1 1oaiawin racKm"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plani in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersanddealers.BaldwinPacking Co.Paris, Kentucky.Istrengthening the little stomach auucles, will immediately correct the trouble. This is not alone our opinion btthat of Mrs. N. H. Mead of Freeport,Kan., whose granddaughter has beentaking- it successfully and of Mrs JR. Whiting- of Lena, Wis., who giveit to her children and takes it herselfIt is sold in fifty cent and one dollarbottles at every drug store, but if yowant to test it in your family beforeyou buy it send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will forward a trialbottle free of charge.Address him Dr. W R rMwif402 Caldwell building, MonticelloXIX.THE SADDLE STALLION;15J hands high, heavy mane and tail.will make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes ati$15 to Insure a Living Colt.BEN D'OR is by McDonald Chitf.sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy, by Lovely, he byLedger; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, maraparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colt3 until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents orescapes.T. B. STITH.R. F. D. No. 1, Paris, Ky.BURLEYBlack Percheron Wt. 1753$15 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both upon the farm and in the cities. They canstand more work than the generalrnof horses. Burley is 7years old, a beautif ul black. He is well-formed and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onatwhose produ.ee commands best price.seasonof 1911 at'Wood-AND A 202,t r -i " r - rand one-half miles, 3:lo3it ; was theyear - old record 2:02.LIVING FOAL'1rII- "V. y tJT ? ",'" t. C .- -i-'-h,THE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 21, 1911.. - J " -L--W-r .fcI iIIWW1MIA8Sb JaMM IWWHTliev last a lifetime. They're Fireproof StormproofInexpensive Suitable for all kinds cf buildings. Forfurther detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Jlrs. Forman is quite-sick.Mr. Earl Hill is'ill with tonsilitisMiss Meek Cleaver continues quiteilLMr. W. M. Vimont was in Mt. Ster.Imr Monday.Bern, Friday, to Mr. and Mrs. JulianllcClintbck, a daughter.Use Clarke's Poultry RemediesSold by CUrk & Co., Paris. 14-StMr. O. M. Johnson is preparing tokuild a handsome addition to his dwellMr. Raymond Taylor has completedaie course with the Smith BusinessColtecc, Lexington.Mr. R. L. Brown, of Covington,was the guest of his mother, Mrs.Hettie Brown, Wednesday.Mrs. John Bozlin, of Lexington, ar-vjriTed Monday at the bedside of her sister, Miss Meek Cleaver, who is quite511.Araity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M inregular meeting Tuesday night didcooiaderable business. The meetingwas very interesting.Goed aut coal for cocking purposes.2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson havetakes rooms in the home of Mrs. 'VinaVimont where they will do light housekeeping, moving from the h'ome of hismother, Mrs. Anna Jefferson.Mks Carrie Peed spent WednesdayvrmmmmwmmmmaBmmmmmmmnmB9jmamm9mmmmmmmmmmmmmwaammmmm111 KJUC i BUMS ?! F5 fliW. BOH it I Vvf JppDAN COHEN336 Main Street,ATand Thursday with the family of hpruncle, Mr. William Peed, at Lexington. She was accompanied home byher mother. Mrs. J. J. Peed, who wasenroute from Birmingham, Ala., whereshe has Deen for several weeks withher daughter, Miss Dorothy Peed.Mrs. Petd is much improved in health.Miss Callie Lee McNamara, who isvisiting in Paris will return home today. Mrs. J. C. Leer will leave Saturdayfor a visit to her sister, Mrs. R. P.Hopper, at Mayslick.Mr. Harris, county manager of theEast Tennessee Telephone Company,was here in the intreest of the company Tuesday.Rev. Nugent, a returned missionaryfrom Japan, delivered a lecture onJapan at;the Methodist church Mondaynight. The lecture was much enjoyedby all present.The Lord's Supper will "bo ariministefes at the Associate Reform Presbyterian church Sunday mornnig. Services begin at 10:45. Preparatory services this afternoon and Saturday atthree o'clock, all of which will be conducted by the pastor, Rev. Weir.Mrs. Margaret Mitchell movedThursday to the pioperty of Dr. Wm.Miller, whichhas just been remodeled,from that of Mrs. Frankie Collins.Mrs. Mitchell has now one of thenicest boarding houses in town and isprepared in every respect to care forboth local and transient trade.Pastor T. W. Watts will preach ntthe Methodist church Sunday morningand at night will deliver a lecture enTo save your money is to buy yourSpring footwear of us, Our showingof Spring styles is now complete, including all the popular leathers inBlack, White and Tan Leathers,Whether you want Women's, Misses,Children's or Men's Shoes, we can fityou to perfection. No one is barredfrom our Spring style showing ofquality Shoes at the lowest possibleprices.THE BIG ELECTRICthe life of Chriit The Jecture willbe illustrated with uteieeptican viewof Tissot's famous (paintings. A cordial invitation is extended to everyone to attend the lecture.Miss Martha Vimont left Wednesdayfor a visit to her daughter, Mrs. W.A. Munzing in Maysville.Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,arrived Wednesday as the guest of hersisters, the Misses Mclntrye.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Prather leftWednesday for a few days' visit totheir niece. Mrs. Clarence Lydick, inCynthiana.M-. I. F. Chanslor, Jr., returned tohis home in Maysville Wednesday aftera visit of two weeks to his .parents inMillersburg.Miss Mary Belle Taylor, who hasbeen visiting in Lexington for severalweeks arrived Thursday as the guestof her sister, Mrs. R. S. Sanders.Mr. E. C. Cooper, of Flemingsburg,was Wednesday and Thursday at thebedside of his father-in-law, Mr. W.M. Hamilton, who is icriticatlly ill.A heavy windstorm swept overMillersburg Wednesday atternocnabout 3:30 o'clock. Little rain accompanied the storm. No serious damagehas been reported.Miss Ethel Fisher, of the Indianapolis j Conservatory of Music, and Mr.Ernest Fisher of the Henry and EmeryCollege, of Virginia, arrived homeThursday for a visit of a few weeks.Rev. R. S. Sanders left yesterday toattend the Ebenezer Presbytery of theSouthern Prebsyterian church whichconvened in Catlettsburg. Rev. Sanders will be absent over Sjnday andthere will be no services at thePresbyterian church Sunday.Miss Emma Blackerby, guest of hercousin ,Miss Jennie Marie Pepper, forseveral weeks, left Thursday accompanied by Miss Pepper for a few daysvisit to relatives ,in Paris before returning to her home at Bluomfield.Miss Pepper will return Saturday.As the result of an accident whichoccurred Wednesday night Dr. W. V.Huffman and Mr. Henry Patterson sustained severe bruises. The accidentoccurred in front of the residence ofMr. W. S. Judy when the vehicles being driven by Dr. Huffman and Mr.Paterson collided. Mr. Patters'on sustained several severe biuises while Dr.Humffan escaped with a few minor injuries. Mr. Patterson was taken intothe residence of Mr. Judy where hisinjuries received attention when hewas taken home. Both vehicles weredemolished and Dr. Huffman's horsawas injured.Paris, KentuckySIGNDEATHS.The funeral of Megibben Kimbrough, who died at the Clara BartonHospital at Los Angeles, Gal. frompneumonia after a short illness, washeld in Cynthiana at the residence ofMrs. Loraine Bramble, at 2 o'clockMonday afternoon. . The services wereconducted by Rev. W. E. Willis andRev. C. W. Esley.Mr. Kimbrough was well-knownhere. He is survived by his mother,Mr?. R. P. Coughlin, of Lexington,and one brother, Joseph Kimbrough,of Cynthiaua. He was a son of thelate Joseph Kimbrough, of Lexingtn.Squire James W. McKee, age 74.died Tuesday afternoon at his residence in Cynthiana, atter an illness ofabout eight, wekes, of paralysis.Mr. McK'ee is survived by his wife,who was torraerly Miss Anna Talbotr,of Bourbon, and eleven children, viz:Charles McKee, of Little Rock, Arkansas; George McKee, of Memphis,Tenn. ; and William, b'rank, Jesse andTurney McKee, of Harrison county;and Mrs. Joseph Thome, Mrs. MackSwinford, Mrs. Wm. Van Deren andMisses Julia and Louise McKee, tfCynthiana.Mr. McKee has a large circle ofrelatives and friends in Bourbon county. He has twice married his firstwife Jane Turney. of Bourbon county,and aunt of Mrs. R. K. McCarney andcousin of Messrs. Amvs and Jesse Tuiney. The funeral took place inCynthiana Thursday afternoon.Funeral services over the remainsof Mr. Luther Henry took place at theresidence in Winchester Tuesday. Theburial was in the Winchester cemeteir.Z Mr. Henry died Sunday night at hislate residence in Winchester of paralysis. He has been ill for some time.He was born in this county. He leavesa wife, formerly Miss Li:lie Kash, andthree children, Herbeii, Lloyd andLouise.Mr. Henry leaves two brothers, J.W. Henry, of Nicholas county and Dr.Lot Henry, of North Midi.ls.iown, andfour sisters, Mrs. J. M. Logan, ofHamilton, O., Mrs. John Lt.i. of Carlisle, Mrs. John W. Bramblett, ofParis, and Mrs. Aston Gilkey, ofNorth Middletown.--Mrs. Elizabeth Hemphill, 79 yearsof age, died at the home of her daughter, Mrs. S. S. Robinson, in Lexington, Tuesday morning. Mrs. Hemphillhad been sick for two months. Sheleaves six children: Mrs. AddieWelch, of Ohio ; Mrs. Eliza Lancaster,of California; Mrs. S. S. Robinson, ofLexington ; Mr. Samuel Hemphill, ofBourbon county ; Mr. James Hemphill,of Ashland, Kentucky. The body wastaken to North Middletown Wednesdaywhere the burial was held.Mrs. Grover Butler, aged 19 years,died at the St. Joseph Hospital Tuesday morning. Mrs. Butler had beensick for some time and it was thoughtan operation would improve her condition. She was taken to St. Joseph'sHospital Monday and opreated uponTuesday morniner hut she was unableto survive the shock.The remains were brought to ParisWednesday. The funeral was heldyesterday at the residence en Weststreet. The services were conductedby the Rev. A. O. Crockett afterwhich the body was taken to the Pari3cemetery for burial. Mrs. Butler wasa daughter of Mr. and Mis. JamesVickers, of Millersbprg. The pallbearers were Dr. William Kenney,Jostph Varden, Henry Butler, RichardButler. Dr. W. K. Dudley and DavidJiutier.Fruits and Vegetables." Give us your orders for berriesfruits and vegetables for Sunday.21 2t C. P. COOK & CO.King of Disinfectants.Minor's fluid is the king of disinfectants. Its use is permitted in oiiicia!dipping i'nr scab on sheep. We offer;sheepmen a dip which not only desi rcys the scsb parasice ana kills thetick, but actually improves the growthof the wool. It is an antiseptic andkecp3 the skin in a healthy condition,which, as is well known, conduces tothe growth of wool.21 2t VARDEN & SON.Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis & Overby has secured the agency for a Columbus firmfor toupees, wigs and hair goods of alldescriptions. The pricas on wigs andtoupees range from S15 up. 10 tfCravens Taken to Norfolk Yards.Will Cravens, the confessed deserterfrom the United States Navy wastaKen to Norfolk, Va., Tuesday fromLexington. Cravens stole a horse andbuggy in Lexington .which he sold toF. B. Thomas of Paris, last summer,and was adjudged insane, being placedin the asylum where he remained onlya short time, escaping later and joining the Navy. He deserted from, theNavy, after nerving a few moi tbs, returned to Lexington and from therewent to Cincinnati where he was ar-' rested.CLINTONVILLE ITEMS.Services at the Clintonville Christianc hurch next Lord's Day, April23, by Elder J. W. Ligon, pastor ofthe North Middletown Christianchurch at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.Bible Echool 10 a. m., Newton Shropshire, Superintendent; prayer and songservice 7 p. m. Loyal Classes willmeet Saturday, April 22, at 8 p. m. atthe home of Miss Pinkie Morrow.Money to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from $2,000 up. at the lowrate of 5J per cent with long time andeasy paymentg. We write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at 5J per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.- O. H. COLLIER. Ageat..Makes the most nutritious food and the mostdainty and delicious.ROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely Pure vThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNo fussing or fretting overthe biscuit-making. Royalis the aid to many acook's success.Royol Cook Book 800 Receipts Free. Semi Nome mi Aiiten.ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.Bur ley Growers to Get Money.The Burley Tobacco Society has announced that on May 10 the distribution of 20 per cent of the money received from the sales of pooled tobacco of the 1909 crop will be made,amounting to S2.600.000 This makesthe second distribution this year ofS2.000.000, three other similar distributions of money are excepted.The money goes to farmers of Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio, members ofthe White Burley pool.A Good Show at the GrandTonight.Manager Porter, of the Paris Grand,promises a good j show tonight whichhss not been equaled this season. Itcomprises Billy Myers, the trumpcomedian, and The Ramsey Sisters, ina comedy musical act, "The Mes3ergerGirl." Mr. Beveridge, the Grandpianist played the Ramsey Sisters actin Birmingham. Ala., and vouches forit being the best act of the kind herethis seaaon. If you want to see a goodshew tome tonight.Heavy Wind But No Damage.A heavy windstorm passed everBourbon county Wednesday aiternoonbut no serious damage as a result ofthe hign wind i3 reported. The ,'stormwai general in Central Kentucky andin some localities aid considerabledamage.Korea's Products.The most promising farm productsIn Korea aro rice, cotton and sugarbeets.Probs of Postoiiices Contemplated. A dispatch from Washington says :"A sweeping probe cf the FostofnceDepartment is cnntpmplated in a resolution introduced in the House Tuesdayby Representative Howard, of Georgia."The Howard resolution, whicb willbe considered promptly by the HouseRules Committee, seeks full light onPostmaster General Hitchcock's'economy plans, the alleged cripplingof the rural free delivery through adiversion of appropriations made forit, and the numerous complaintsagainst the present administration ofthe department as un-American practices of intimidation and coercion ofrV'stal employes."The Georgia Rperesentative's resolution declares that the-postal serviceis demoralized, and that the postalemployes, especially the railway mailclerks, are overworked undr the ,Hitchcock 'economy' program." Iver is VeryJJust the thing for jI wedding? Rifts. IE?FltllllIRIE? TIHI& IThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,4n u r r !a ihc nuuic.oi vuaiiLjr. aI Both Phones. MV ,Chairman Calls Convention.George W. Stuarr. Chairman of theI Republican County Committee, has issued a call for a mass convention to beneld at the old Christian church in this,city, Saturday, April 29. at 1:30 p. m..for the purpose of selecting delegatesto the Railroad District Conventionvhich meets here May, 3 to nominatea candidate Tor Railroad Commissionerfor this district. Bourbon county isentitled to have 23 delegates to theconvention.Famous Race Mare Killed.Maud S., the famous trotter ownedby the late George M. Stearns, wasput to death Wednesday afternoon atSpringfield, Ky., the death sentencebeing specified in Mr. Steam's will.Maud S. was thirty-five years old andblind.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, April 2311.;BASE BALLCincinnatiPittsburg.Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:o0 a. ru.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th fcjfcstation 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions." For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.Complete. IJ14a3m Hunt Home Jnturaace Co. 1TA IL,SS