o t.? -i HTHE BOURBON NEWS.-VVPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1911.NUMBER 11insure with W. O. tlinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYCantrill Introduces Bill.Conreasman J. Camnbell Cantrill. ofI the Seventh Kentucky District, intro) duced a bill in Congress that is ofK'Kai interest to tooacco growers aswell as to other farmers. It instructsthe tariff board tu ascertain and to report to the house how much of variouscrops, including tobacco, wheat, corn,etc., is in the hands of manufacturers.At present the growers have no wayof ascertaining how much of the leftover crops is in the hands of manufacturers. This information would be ofgreat value to farmers' organizationsMr. Cantrill believes.muHowardHarvester Case is Dismissed.The case of the Commonwealthagainst the International HarvesteiCompany, charging a combination inrestraint of trade, which was on trialin the Shelby Circuit Court beforeSpecial Judge Halbert of Vanceburg,came to a sudden end Wednesday afternoon at the conclusion of the evidence for the Commonwealth.The attorneys for the defendantcompany moved for peremptory instructions which motion was sustainedby Judge Halbert, and the jury, underinstructions from the court, returneda verdict of not guilty.The case was bitterly fought andthe granting of peremptory instructions as soon as the Commonwealthhad rested its case came as a big surprise.3J?9Tr,is,Increase Your Salary!By Paying 6asn.20 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar 1.002 cans Indinola Corn 15c3 cans Baby Bunton Corn 25cOne gallon can San tee Syrup 30cCalifornia Table Peaches, 25c value 18cCalifornia Table Apricots, 25c value 18c3 Boxes Mother's Rolled Oats 25cQuart jar Queen Olives 25cChoice Evaborated Peaches, per lb 10cFancy Evaporated Peaches, per lb 12 l-2cChoice Evaporated Apricots, per lb 12 l-2cFancy Evaporated Apricots, per lb 15cPrunes, large, per lb 12 l-2cPrunes, medium, per lb 10cFull Cream Cheese, per lb 20cQueen Sliced Pineapple, per canj 20cBlue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55Every sack guaranteed.vvssVI)isStSI$tSI1svms The Grocery Store of Quality. &T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234iii;wgeccccrasasrasafrwESeffif&nJJ!ftfcf$f!Slll3jDouble Schedule Adopted.A double season was decided on atthe meeting of the directors of theBlue Grass League in Lexington Friday, the two sections to extend fromMay 9, the opening date, to July h,and from that time to September 4,each of these sections to have sixtygames and the winner of each sectionto be considered a pennant winner,after which the winners of the ;sections will play championship games onSept. 6 and 7 and 9 and 10.Other games will be played, if necessary, until one team wins four. Onehundred and twenty games will beplayed in IIS days, with three doubleheaders, leaving one date open. Pariswill have nine Sunday games out of atotal ot seventeen Sundays in the season, Winchester, Maysville, Lexington, Frankfort and Paris playing bunday games.Every club except Richmond wasreprpsented and the voting was unanimous. There was considerable discussion as to the ball to be used and theGoldschmidt ball, made in Cincinnati,Was finally chosen.The league after adopting Goldschmidt ball, reserved the privilege orcancelling the contiact if the ballproves unsatisfactory. A. J. Reach,of Philadelphia, and Carr and Bradley,of Cleveland, were represented by letter. A. G. Spaulding was representedby Messrs. R O.' Johnson and O. G.Murpall, of Cincinnati.Only the Spaulding and Goldschmidtpropositions were seriously considered.Spaulding held out for more moneythan the other firm, claiming superiorquality, but Goldschmidt's conditionalofter wen out.The salary limit for each club willbe SI, 000 per month, and after May20, no woie than twelve men can becarried by any club. C. K. Thomas,cashier of the Deposit Bank, waselected treasurer of the league.President Ussery was given authority to make out the detailed schedulewhich will be presented to the sixclubs about the last of February. Theywill be given at least one week tothink ot any changes to be made, thenthey will meet at the call of the president to either change the schedule nrratify it as made out.The following gentlemen were present at the meeting: President of theLeague, W. C. Ussery, of Paris ; Secretary to the President, A. F. Frendberg, Paris ; Sherman Arnn, Director,Maysville ; Manager A. T. Coleaian,Frankfort; President J. V. Bacon,Paris; Jeff Stewart, Treasurer, Winchester; W. S. Duty, Director, Winchester ; President. T. A. Sheets, Lexington ; Manager Hogan Yancey, Lexington : R. O. Johnson and O. F. Murpall, A. G. Spaulding's sporting goodsfirm, Cincinnati; P. Goldschmidt,Cincinnati.Senator Included in Call.By a vote of 9 to 3 the State Democratic Committee in session at Louisville Saturday incorporated in the callfor a primary the nomination forUnited States Senator. The date ofthe primary will be May 27. OllieJames is a candidate for the Senatorial honors.Master's Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday for Master Commissioner Mannthe Wm. Hamilton residence on Vimont street in Milleraburg to Mrs.Bettie Proctor for S2.230.Auctioneer Kenney sold yesterdayfor Commissioner Mann the Reevesfarm near Ruddles Mills, the old county infirmary farm, to Mrs. LenaJonesfor $57 per acr. He also sold esteiday for Wm. Rogers, executor of H.E. Hortbn, the undivided one-fifthinterest in 187 acres of land near LittleRock, this county, for 50 per acre, tothe Horton heirs.ISBnTTJunnSLssvSITOGARDSIVfThe most luxurious accessory in existance. Little soft stocking protectors foreverybody. Fit snugly over the forepart of the bare foot, underneath thestocking. Will positively prevent thesheerest socks or stockings from wearing through at the toes.Price 1 Oc per pair.We have a full line of very handsome silk stockings for the ladies at75c per pair.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW MOW."t mmwmwMwmwmm mfflwmmcwiiiimimmiuiiiuiuHiiNtimi iiiiiiiiiirriiriiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiTiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiuirriiiiniiiiniiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiss a&iffWCLEARING SALE!OF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commence Saturday, Jan. 7!?$!mThlmmIPSuits and Overcoats sold at S30, now Suits and Overcoats sold at 22.50, now$24.75 $1 7.50Suits and Overcoats sold at $25, now Suits and Overcoats sold at $20 and $18,$19.50 Now $15Suits and Overcoats sold at $27.50 and Suits and Overcoats sold at $15 and$28, now $16, now$21 .50 $12.50immK3FRANK &" CO:The Ladies' Store.MiAnnouncejReady For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesINHimSrecial Prices on Boys' Suits and Overcoats.50 pairs Men's and Young Men's All-Wool Pants,choice $1.00.Heavy Fleece Underwear 38c, worth 50c.v iJUSsold, from $1.50 to $3.50, 3gffe8HWClothiers.. ifcww -Mfww it"Mfc WW -vtiW, HKJtf IPMb'i Mtfiyttfci'MhfcMmKiMfl'-3fc?'.?ll1Mii 'TfKi k Hl Hli-ifPt IfffltFitKmif'Wfcr Plrlr fK"& K& m& Wm fc btt v!lw"m fr HrP TlvlP 9WPRICE & COWhite GoodsGinghamsSheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviotsLinensSpecial Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin UnderwearHamburgs and Laces AYOUR TRADE SOLICITEDFRANK & CO.Sunnwtmummummmmuuunumimnii,gig',r'ffittii,i,'iii:iSii1IfifajIIx IB9tf, . f "I I ! Jt.mrTfnvwwmyi mwmTTWkr v -i ALr vVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; FEB. 7, 1911, . ' i0wn-Jim fyhdtrsonWins -No. 1078There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theTfettleton Sioeywhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.Geo. (VI cWillams9The ShoeTMan.EA Treat For All Classes Who'Smoke.An Idol Cigar in his "mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis pocket for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, allye whoare fond of a' good smoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose dooris"The Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.You Choose the Outand we'll do the rest. We wantto suggest en. idea that may nothave occurred to you. It isthat the cheap cuts of choicemeats are far better thau thebest cuts of poor meat. Wehandle the choicest meats wecan obtain. So even onr cheapest cuts are better thau thebest of inferior grades.THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES. 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 J ) Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per Inch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$.00 SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00QUARRELCHALLNGE,Duel Proposed Was Not Foughtand Handbill Issued in 1328Gives Explanation.JUDGE HOWARD HAS RELIC.Interesting Paper May Be PlacedAmong Collection of StateHistorical Society.When You ThinkOf the pain which many women experience with everymonth it makes the gentleness and kindness always aseoci- -atedwith womanhood seem to be almost a miracle.While in general no woman rebels against what sneregards as a natural necessity there is no woman who wouldnot gladly be free from this recurring period of pain.Dr. Pierce s Favorite Prescription matesweak women stroma ama ait mveil, and $ives them freedom from pain.It establishes regularity, subdues imtlamnation, heals ulceration and cures female weakness.Sick women arc invited to consult Dr. Pierce by letter,free. All correspondence strictly pnvaic nu -- ,r Jsf. -,v. ...i .. r - -.-A ;hnnc f tn World's Disnensarv T.confidential. write wunuui ieaiuu "":' - - -- r -zzr 'ical Association, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.If you want a book that tells all about woman's diseases, and how to crsthem at home, send 21 one-cent stamps to Dr. Pierce to pay cost of mail4onh and he will send you a free copy of his great thousand-page illustrate!Common Sense Medical Adviser revised, up-to-date edition, in paper cover.In handsome cloth-binding, 31 stamps.Tr1BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto. cf , Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOOKSK mmmammmwmmmMMmnmmmWfmamThat "do not a prison make'are no- the kind we keep. Oajlocks, bolts, etc., are tee kindthat stay locked and bolted.They are not toys, but arcstrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassure. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.IjOWRY & TALBOTT1 Bourbon Laundry.isTelephone No. 4.s-s4StfsiD WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI vsL Mvy fBBBBHTBsaHBsHtH B :3HibbbbI bbbb-JbbVbbbbbubbhHbbLbhA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.In the early days of journalism theoffice of the daily paper vaa performedby the printed hand bills. Passing literally from hand to hand, it was necessarily of rather limited circulation. Anii.teresting specimen of this method ofcommunication was recently found byDavid G. Howell, Sr.. of Mt. Sterling,Ky., among the papers of his father,who is the "D. Howell, Jr.," mentioned in the. hand bill. Mr. Howell presented the old relic to Judge H. ClayHoward, of Paris, whose early life waspassed among the descendants of theprincipal characters therein.Personal differences having arisenbetween John Daniel and Thomas Gibsun Howard, both well known andprominent men of Montgomery county,the latter was invited to settle themoy the code duello. Therefore, Mr.Daniel issued a hand bill to explainwhy no duel was fought, after hichallenge had been sent and accepted.Thi3 band hill, bearing the date ofJuly 17, 1829, yellowed with age, castsa sidelight of almost a century ago upon the practice of the coder and ishere reproduced because of its historicvalue. It will be readily recalled thatduelling vas a violation of the lav-All, correspondence relating to theseaffair de noneur carefully omitted thewords "challenge" and "duel." Alecturer upon the law ad evidence Writhe Washington Law CoMege, used toread to his class a note to a contemporary from, the celebrated John Randolph,, of Roanoke which was csucheAin exceedingly polite language, thewords "challenge" and "duel" nowhereappearing., but the court decided thatit was-intended and accepted, as-a challenge. So,, in this ol&hand bill,, broughtdown from the press of eighty-twoyears ago, the word, "call" was substituted foe ''challenge, and "interview" for "duel." The quaint spelling of Mt.. Sterling at one word, andthe style of com position and punctuation of tha-letter,, inv-tst. thera. witfo peculiar interest to this generation. The:nana Dill is printed on neavy paper,, mbrevierAtype,. the impassion' remaining,remarkably clear and distinct alter alapse of eighty-two years, and wouldput to shame-th work of. maavy cuaatry weeklies of today. The documentis reproduced herein fram. the original,,which is still in the possession- ofJudge Howard::"TO THE PUBLIC,:."As a general curiositylbas baan excited and called, unpnuhaatly,. to tbcontroversy between Thozaaa G,Howard and myself I consider & likedoe to mjr. friend and cemmunty, topublish tne proceedings that it truecharacter may be understood ry alk"After a short corieapondeace, , iowhich appeased some, difficulty in axriving at the praper understaadinff,. Iaddressed Mr.. t Howard tke fbllowiag.note :"Mountsieriing, July 17th, 1823."Sir: Yous letter of tais mornimg:has just been received. Jk saau be excused for-miaconceivnig the ckarycterof yourwnote of the lltn ust. In relation to the injury of which 1 complain, you are already advised; andtnat tnere may ne no xurtner misunderstanding in this matter; I herebydemand of that satisfaction due fromone centleman to another. Our mutu-j al ft iends will settle the preliminariesfor the interview ; My friend, Mr. J.f. O wings,, is authorized on my part,to make any arrangements in thisbusiness."Yours, etc.,'JOHN DANIEL."Mr. T. G. Howard."To this communication 1 receivedfellow ing unprecedented and ex-ordinary reply:"Mountsterhng July 17th, 1829." 'Sir: I received your call pe Mr.Owins and will promptly attend to it.Dirks not exceeding eight inches inlength are the weapons to be made useof in this interview." 4My friend, Mr. D. Howell, isauthorized on my part to make arrangements as to time, place, &c." 'Yours," THO. G. HOWARD." 'Mr. John Daniel.' ""Upon the reception o this, I, immediately, addressed to Mr. Howarda second communication expressingmy willingness to rceeive his reply twitnout regard to its singular characteras an accpetance of my call ; andreferring all matters of arrangement ,to our friends ; which would neeessari-'ly close the correspondence between 'us. . I" 'Mountsterling. July 17tb, 1829.5" 'Sir; I, this moroent.recieved your,note in reply to mine of this moraing. iYour proposition' with, regard .toweapons is premature. all these matters are to be submitted to our friends;my note requires, only, a simple acceptance of the call ; and a delegationof power, on your part, to your friend,to act in this business. And notwithstanding the al berations of your note,I am disposed and willing to creat itas an acceptance of my call, but thatthe mode and manner of the interviewwill be settled by our friends"Yours &c..... rr. "JOHN DANIEL."Mr. T. G. Howard.""From my call, it win not be considered competent for Mr, Howard tohave expressed any mode of adjustment, except through his friend : but,,being the challenged party, it wascertainly right and proper to makeany selection of weapons- or propo--sition,.by his friend when antJiorizedto tnat extent, that might conform tohis wish upon the subject. And, inpursuance of thi3 established principle, the subjoined pledges were mutually entered in : i"Mountsterling. July 17 liS-" 'Mr. David Howell, Sir: J- doadmit, as4 matters stand bptween ourfxiend3 that you have a right to makeyour propositions respecting the preliminaries and interview, if you comeclothed with such power as I thinknceessary. " THO, J. OWINGS.' ''"Mountsterling July 17th, 1820;"I, David Howell, asiree to cet apower from my friend, T. G. Howard,..iu settle an preliminaries. Tor an interview with Jno. Daniel: and said Howard. I give this in consideration of apledge whieb Thomas J, O wings aavewe, admitting that I had a right tomake roj propositions when aad a sufficient power from my. friend. T. G.Howard.D. HOWELL, JR." I"From, tibia agreement,, tae liveliest 'an4i:iatiuoa were cherished that aseedy aduntroent of our d:5ertnce:would be ejected. But what wiil bethe sentiment ot a "piritedjantl gallantpeojtde, when informed 5hat teo far!fro. Mr.. Howard's oonaenaog al-'though holdcng a written pledge that'it was'his right by Mr. Howell whenproperly empowered, to malte anyproDoeitoin for- the adjustment) be!withheld f romi his friend the neassearyauthority to proceed with the araatigement. On tke succeeding moring.nsytrien-Mr. Qwinga. handed, met ifaefollowing; stateroent as the: ground oawhich the neaotiation waiternmated:Mountsterling. Jul 18th,. lfi."Ldn heres cretify that, acting ase friend. of J,no. Daniel, in the differ-!encelbetween- him and Ti.i .: RnwawL cafter Mr.. Daniel's note of th& lthiBotbBWLiim?!aaPWe Cater to ParticularCustomersDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.j0QN0S2Sn&t9Chas. S. Brent & Brc.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed. "'Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. . BRENT BRO.iaat.,. had.beetbreeieved bw. Mn ILih.1ard,. I insisted upon Mr.. D.. HiwellvJii:, tha as- L bad been . vetsrL with.full power oy say friend to arrange all itne necessary preliminaries puspaaa-;tory to anintejrview between, the oar-?tiea,. he ajso-aaould be clathed. as- hiajfurwuu.. wiia m asmiiar autnonty, tnat iwe might psocced. He proposes tJatif I wouWadract his right, to raala- stcsjDraDOsitifinioarrAnarmntR Hm wulilfprocure from his friend. Mr.. Howacdw 1suen power as. aoouia De. necessary toauthorize hira. to proceed, with me tsettle all the preliminaries, for .theinterview- To ;thia effect we eachcave a written statement., signed, withausocoper naaaes. Btut shortly after(Continued on Pag 7.)'Phones 14.PARIS,KENlUCkY.nFEBRUARYBARGAINS IDAILYXti theiV trar.T. IThe Liver PflL actSo Naturally andEasily."Such a statement;. com tng fromthe cashienof x bank, shows whatconfidence responsible people havein these, pills. Mr. A. L. Wilsontafter trying them. uTote:"I have used Dr. Miles' Nervo:and Liver Pills and also yourAnti-Pain Pills, on my&clf, vithgood results. Tim Liver Pillsact so naturally and so easilythat I scarcely know that Ihave taken a pill. Frequentlybeing troubled with headache Itake an Anti-Pain Pill and getimmediate relief in every case."A. L. "Wilson, Sparta, III.Mr. Wilson was for a numberof years cashier of the FirstNational Bank of Sparta.Dr. Miles'Nerve and Liver Pillsare different from others. Manykinds of liver pills are "impo5sible,-,after one trial on account of theirharshness. Dr. Miles' Nerve andLiver Pills do not act bysheer forcebut in an easy, natural way, without griping or undue irritation.They are not habit forming..If th first bottle fails tobtncfit.yatireVuga 1st will return the prise. AsKhmMIUES MKOICAL CO., ". WHMrt, laaVGOURIER-JOURNflLAt One-half PriceIf you will bring: or send your subscription duringthe month of February we- will send youThe Bourbon NewsONE YEARAND THEDaily Courier-JournalFour MonthsFor Only $2.25Or this paper ONE YEAR and DAILY COURIERJOURNAL Eight Months for $3.00.Subscriptions received at this price only duringthe month of February.The State and National; Campaigns are opening and you want to keep posted on politicalevents. Read the Courier-Jourdareditorials. AndMr. Wattersons letters from Europe will be interesting Subscription, orders under "this offer mustINU1 be snt to the Courier-Journal, but to us.h THE BOURBON NEWS; Paris, Kym.MbbbVbbbJMMteMiSPECIAL REDUCED FARESTickets Mk ftlrrwy 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 art 276d tmrmlm tatil Muck Utfc, Ml, wtlh PriTtltf't f ExttuUaSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSm FULL PAITICDIMS. MIL OR MV IKKET MBIT. QUEEN t CKSKKT MUTE,K. C. KINO. W. A. BECKLER,PmhCW aa4 Ticket Af eat, Geaeral PtueMtf Aeat191 E. Mmm Street. Lex.-.., Ky. 3rBSfiifc1iKitttJ. O.IEARN$75 to $125 Monthcomplete course, rive weess uayFolder. Y. M. C. A. AL1UMUBILKCincinnati, OhioCurtis & Over by,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford3 Oiiairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Offers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEbtate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experienceOrders left at The Bourbon Newsoflice will receive prompt, attention..&SSTAk.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our present handsome display of smartmilliner-.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr.. Wm. Kenney,- PARIS, KENTUCKY..Oflice .14 Main Street.E. T 136.Oflice -PhonesHome Y.V.E. T. 31.i Home 334.ResidenceDLt. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and "i. Elk's Bld'gPaxil, - Kentuckyi' j. wixmams,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.mi 1 Elks fiuildiJMr.mv r vkw t l. b'fl -.- ra..rTHENEW ORLEANSamb MOBILEMARDI GRISFIVE MEN WANTED-To betChauffeis.Repairers or Demonstrators. Personal attention, actual reoairine and driving.or ten weeKs evening. Write forSCHOOL, 683 Wa!Walnut Street,jan2febcJJohn White & CoLOUISVILLE, KY.Established 1837H io, best mar ketprlce paidX FURSand HIDES.WOOLC0MMISSI0ICHOLERAKILLSDon't let this most jdestructive of allinfectious diseasesget a "grip" onyour flock.A few drops ofBOURBON POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, Llmberneck, Roup and otherexisting forms of poultry diseases, and putsfowls in prime condition for egg-laying.One 50c bottle makes 12 gallons of medicine.Ever' poultry raiser should keep a bottlef this medicine on hand.For Sale by W. T. Brooks,octuaugFine Upholstering,Cabinet Repair Work,Mirrors Re-Silvered,Antique Furniture a SpecialtyC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, Opp. Windsor HotelHome 'Phone 253.cast Tenn. 392.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathswait nn thpj Everything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waits.toiou are next,M. A. KAHAL.Special WinterTourist TicketsvrAIBOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida. Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North aucl South Carolina,Porto llico, Tenno ioe andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets oik Sale 1st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest ; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates; routes, etc., callon write"W. H. HARRIS, Agent.or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.BBBBMUlW"mtYiiwmSJr' X)mmBOURBON - NEWS,' PARIS,.Scott's Emulsionis a wonderful food-medicinefor all ages of mankind. It will make thedelicate,sickly baby strongand well will give thepale, anemic girl rosycheeks and rich, red blood.It will put flesh on thebones of the tired, overworked, thin man, andwill keep the aged manor woman in condition toresist colds or pneumoniain the winter.FOP. SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend 10c., came of paper and this cd. for errbtuutiful SaTing Bauk and Child's SkttcL-Bock.i -ai.il b..k coutaistt s. God Luck Perm.SCOTT &. BOWNC 409 Pearl St.. New YorkjRtmk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglOtfEast Tenn. Phone 669Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,n : u ti u.nInsurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronaee solicited.COME ON!&WWe can do your JOBPRINTING of everydescriptionCards, Billheads. Circulars, Auction and Show Bills, Pamphlets.Law Blanks, Briefs, Blank Books.Labels at Reasonable PriceiIA King Who Left Home.spf thn world to talkintr. hnt PaulMathulka, of Buffalo, N. Y., saj's healways KEEPS AT HOME the Kingof all Laxatives Dr. King's Newi v-duu.LiiaL iucj aic a uiCm...s- fill liic familr niiioe fnnehnntinnI ;fAIU;iln -I "4-I - 4I-w nM. i Klrnrtv IliQirlnnlinc irl?rrrcfirn rl vcnonciM, lll.UUUl.lll i3. lllUll.l.ll-11. .J .J.3.V.Onlv 2o cents at Oberdoifer's.Curious Surnames.In India such surnames as theseare frequent. Tilak f '. caste mark onthe forehead), Piyari (beloved), ChhKouri (six littlev S s stkTJ, "-sI(Six little Shells). Longa (aMiuns MLiin iiv r'nlmil 1 m tlinnh tliPclove), Kharg (sword), Bali (strong),Phul (flower). Bahadur (brave).There sometimes they give their children bad names, so that evil spiritswill pass them by and not harm them,thinking they are worthless. J'$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepaperpleased to learn that there isat least "one clreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is catarrh. Hall's Catarrh cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroing the foundation of the dis-ease, and givim the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faith inits curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars- for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for "list oftestimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold bv druggistss, 7.1cTake Hall's Family Pills for Constipation. The Good Man Supreme.No ,moo4. man is doubted or persa-cuted-except by those who are conj ,T2TTiTmlh hie prril stfr1t snl lcerleKENTUCKY,: FEB. 7,FIRST SUBMARINE.The American Turtle Was TriedOut at New York In 1776.GAVE THE BRITISH A SCARE.Her Attempt to Blow Up the EnglishFrigate Asia Didn't Succeed, but theEnemy's Ships Fled In Terror HerSecond Escapade Sealed Her Fate.The American Turtle deserved a better fate. It was the Grst submarinewar vessel of the United States. Iti was tried out in 1776 In New Yorkharbor. Its inventor and builder wasi David Bushnell of Connecticut, ofwhom little Is known. The man whowent under water with it and in' New; York bay tried to blow up the Britishfrigate Asia, under General Washington's orders, var Colonel Ezra Lee.The Turtle was built at Saybrook.Conn. After its vicissitudes of beingcaptured, sunk and resting for years atthe bottom of the East river it wasraised and taken back to its birthplace.' There, after more years, it was takento pieces. Its metal went Into grandfather's clocks, which are still ticking, in the hallways of New York and NewJ England homes. Its oaken, pitchj smeared timbers were put to strucI tural uses and all trace of tbem lost.j Bushnell did not get even a tardy reward for his inventiveness. The couuI cil of safety of Connecticut in 1777 di-rected that he be paid 200 for hisservices in "annoying ships,' but thereis no record that he ever got themoney.Here Is the story of the AmericanTurtle's Grst exploit as it is told inthe quaint phmseology of the yello-w-Iing manuscript where it was set downlong ago:"When the British fleet lay In theNorth river, opposite the city of Newj York, and while General Washington' had possession of the city he wasvery anxious to be rid of such neighbors. David Bushnell of Saybrook invented a submarine curiosity calledthe American Turtle, which receivedGeneral Washington's approval forthat purpose. A brother of the inventor was to operate the machine, butou trial he declined to hazard his service. Colonel Lee. distinguished for hiscourage and patriotism, volunteeredhis services, and after practicing withthe machine to discover its powers anight was fixed upon for the attempt."General Washington and his associates in the set-ret took their stationsupon the roof of a house on Broadway, anxiously awaiting the result.Morning came, but no intelligence ofthe bold navigator. While the anxious' spectators were about to give him upi as lo:st several barges were seen tostart suddenly from Governors island.' then in possession of the British, andimoe toward some object near the; Asia, ship of the Hue. and as suddenly' they were seen to put about and steer1 for the island with springing oars. Inj two or three minutes an explosion! took place from the surface of the water, resembling a waterspout, whicharoused the whole city. The enemy'sships took the alarm, cut their cablesand proceeded to the Hook with all. possible dispatch, sweeping their bottoms with chains and with difficultypreventing their affrighted crews fromleaping overboard."Colonel Lee. coming to the surfaceduring this scene of consternation,was obliged again to descend to avoidthe enemy's shot from the island.After forcing his machine against astrong current under water he landedafe at the Battery amid a greatcrowd. General Washington expressing himself as much pleased that theobject was effected without the loss oflife."Colonel Lee had been under theAsia more than two hours endeavoring to penetrate her bottom, which, be-j in si,e:lti,LHiwitii copper, resisted allIH-UJJII.to attach the magazine tothe ship."Apparently the American Turtlemade one more attempt to "annoy theenemy's shipping" before she ended herI career. Another old diary preserved bya Conuecticut'family mentions this incident. It seems that the Turtle,, manned bv some nameless hero, per-chronicler does not state, made an attempt to blow up a British ship in theEast river. By this time the British:lpI)ear to have discovered what natureof CPaft it wus tuat had essavt;d 10 Uestroy the As,a ald so were uu Uelookout for a uy thing suspicious thatdisturbed the surface of the water. Atany rate, the American submarine wasuncovered before he had made anyprogress ou her second mission of destruction.The British boats gave chase. Considerinir that the maximum speed ofthe Turtle was three miles an hour,the pursuit could not have been a verylong one. At any rate, an Americanvessel, probably some small schooner,was waltiuk' for the submarine, andthe Turtle tied thither for protectionHastily the odd looking craft washoisted aboard, sail was set. and theAmerican boat tried to show a cleanpair of heels to her pursuer, but it wasin vain. She was sunk by the Englishguns.For a long time the Turtle lay in thesubmerged vessel's hold. After the warwas over, however, the ship was raisedand the Turtle was recovered and carried "back to Saybrook. If every oneelse had forgotten her and her achievements by that time the people of herinventor's native town still held theTurtle In affectionate remembrance.Thaddcus S. Dayton in Boston Po-t1911.iifaiMiBirthiiihBANK CHECKS.Tke Part TtMy Play In tM PaynMrt af, a Debt.A young man had kept in his possession for "several days a check fromhis uncle. His uncle died, and behastened to the bank to cash thecheck. When he found the bank wouldnot pay the check until it had ordersfrom the heirs or from the courts hewas surprised and observed to his father that he thought of a check as being so muck money if the signaturewas good.As a matter of fact, however, acheck is merely an order from A. toB.. who holds some of A.'s money, topay a certain amount thereof to C.It is not money, even If the names onthe check are good and well knownand the bank is solid as the government Although checks are given inpayment of debt and a receipt usuallyis signed on the spot, yet the passingof a check does not constitute payment of indebtedness until it is paidby the bank.Nor will the concurrent receipting ofthe debt for which it is given changethis. If the check is not paid on presentation to the bank the original claimstands against the drawer or giver ofthe check. But a certiGed check constitutes payment on the part of theperson who draws ItChecks may be antedated or postdatedthat is, dated before or afterthe date of delivery. If postdatedchecks are paid before the day specified the drawer can recover the money, for the bank has acted not in accordance with any order from him,but on its own responsibility.2 If a blank is left for the date theholder Is authorized to insert the truei date of .delivery, but no other date.I The insertion of any other date or! changing the date without the consentof the drawer makes the check void.New York Herald.BIBLICAL TROUBLES.Knotty Language Problems TranslatorsHave to Solve.Some of the riddles that have to besolved before the Bible can be translated into remote and barbaric tonguesare cited in that annual wonder book,the popular illustrated repot t of theBritish and Foreign Bible society.How. for example, can you find aname for "lamb" among the inhabitants of some island where the onlyquadrupeds are pigs and rats? Howcm you render "whiter than snow" inthe dialects of West Africa, wheremiow is utterly unknown?Occasionally the difficulty is one ofsheer space. Lengua. the speech ofan Indian tribe In Paraguay, whichiias been furnished with the gospelaccording to St Mark, is so unwieldythat the word eighteen cau only be represented thus: "Sohogemek-wakthla-uiok- einluik - autauthlama.'' Literallytranslated, that means "finished myhands, pass to my other foot three.",for fingers and toes serve as units.The word for butter in Lengua is"waitky - auamankukiugniuk - ikpithtnuk." which means literally "thegrease of the juice of the udder of thecow."In New Guinea the translator wanted the proper idiom for "far be itfrom me to do this thing," so he consulted an intelligent catechumen."Yes." replied the catechumen. "I understand exactly. We have the precise idiom. We say. 'May I speak tomy mother-in-law before I will do thisthing:' " for in that laud of strangetaboos one of the unpardonable sins isfor a man to open his lips to his wife'smother. St. Louis Globe-DemocratJustifiable Deception.The talk had gone back, and froand the youthful Socialist had beenannouncing that no man ought to getIds living by cheating, and we all listened to him and agreed that it wasdreadful when men and women didnot tell the truth, but tried to maketheir living by deceiving people. Millionaires, landowners, financiers, wescarified all of them Avho cheat thepublic."No one should make a living by deception." said thcyoung man.Then a quiet voice from a, womanfame from the corner of the sofa."What about the conjurer?'Eating Four Hundred Years Ago.Four hundred years ago eating waspractically confined to two meals aJ day. but in many parts the second orevening meal was of such a protractedcharacter that laws were passed limiting its duration. Thus at Berne therewas a law against sitting at table morethan -five hours. At Bale, from 10o'clock in the morning to U o'clock in.the evening was the maximum permitj ted, but the town council was uuableI to practice its own counsels of perfecJtlon and on great occasions finished inj private. In Saxony the innkeeper wasforbidden to serve more than fourdishes at one meal.Welcome Joy.Ef you ain't got manners ter tell Joygood mawnln' when you meets him.how does you expect him ter call rutinby de place you live at? You betterbe mighty keerful. fer whilst he' is' alius in a good humor he slm do expect you ter meet him half "way. At-' lanta Constitution.t A Rare Trest.A distinguished .society leader of NowYork, huely returned from a motor tripthrough Fiance, said that her most deI lightful experience was hearing the' French pheasants singing the mayonj naise. Everj body's.When our hatred is too bitter Itplaces us below those whom we hate.Rochefcucanld.iKAN OFFICIAL SNK1Rudely Flung at Genial RohnrtLouis Stevenson. ;A CONSUL WITH A GROUCHiThe Author Called on the Newly Aapointed Official at Apia t Pay HieRespects and Was Shown th Deft-With Few Words and No Ceremony;.When Robert Louis Stevensou Hvaefin Samoa he dressed as the othersthere did. Tip at Yailima they all wastabout in their bare feet, except wheexpecting gaests. jWhen Stevenson came into Apia feelooked only half dressed. He ahvaytycame down with a soft shirt on aafegenerally white flannel trousers, soaatimes with a red sash round the waJec!On one occasion the genial author wacruelly snubbed by a newly appoiat-ed British consul at Apia, one CoIoa;De Coetlogon. The story is told la"With Stevenson In Samoa," by II. JjMoors, the author: ,One Sunday morning while Stevea-json and myself, barefoot and in pajamas, were discussing the various localecelebrities, my friend suddenly jumped!up and announced that he had ae-4glected a bounden duty. Here he badkbeen in Apia for some considerabletime and had not yet called on berBritannic majesty's representative. livery Britisher of mark should attend tosuch a duty at the earliest possiblemoment! I must introduce him with-,out one moment's further delay!:"Come along. Moors." said he; "let'aget it off our mind!" jI informed him that Colonel De Cot-;logon was himself a new man in thVplace he had been in Apia but a littlewhile and I had not yet met himJPeople who had met him had mostly,declared him to We an exclusive, crutjrold fellow, full of pomposity. I wastheref ore very loath to go until the newrarrival had simmered down somewhatJIt was rumored that he had been focyears governor of some great jail laBritain, and people remarked that untreated many of his callers as ticket oCleave men who had come In to report.But Stevenson, feeling very sure othis powers to charm this Gorgon,.,would take no warning, but shouted"gayry: "Come on. Moors! I'll atteacL.to this case. Hell Avelcome us allright." 1 pointed out his attire andhis lack of shoes, and. with a sigh. hcompromised so far as to put on aclean shirt and a pair of trousers and.shoes, but my best efforts would notinduce him to wear a coat. In the ris:he wore and under his littleyaehtinjcap he positively looked no more thanutwenty or twenty-five years of aseHe bubbled with enthusiasm over everything new and strange that ramwithin his Aiew as we passed alonthe road to Matautu. where De Coetlogon lived. From the begiunl::g Idoubted if we would receive anythinglike an effusive welcome, and I toote.care to impart my fears to my friend.,but he only laughed. Particularly did1 point out that this was Sunday andtthat we should choose another day fox:;our visit. He still laughed."With pride and joy he threw openrthe consular gate and strode manfully;across the lawn, I following close behind. A tall, soldierly person, withwhite mustachios and close cropped.hair, was sitting peacefully on therveranda. He made no attempt to riaeand welcome us. A whisky and soilschad just then his rapt attention. "VYeascended the steps. The statue in thechair merely regarded us. We mightas well have been a couple of distressed prisoners coming to pray focrsome amelioration.Stevenson would have embraced thlcold representative of his country'greatness, but the chill restrained him.:"Good morning, sir."A grunt 'AYell. what do you want?7'My name is Stevenson. I am welkknown in Britain by my works injlfact, I am a novelist. This Is Mr ,Moors."''Well, what do von want?"No friendly hand was stretched out?to greet us. We noted a face as harGias stoue. as uncompromising and aunsympathetic as u brick wall. Stevenson stood there as one petrified; I wasepiite appalled. My friend had notcounted on such a start. There was noseam or crevice iu which he misktmomentarily locate to reconnoiter before he should attack again. The cesul's brow was sad to look upon. Hehad not even risen civilly to hear us. I"We have come, sir, to pay our re-spects." i"If you have any business and desire to see me I will listen to you oo.week days and In my office at the prop-er time. Good morning." sStevenson quite lost the power"" off Jvspeech and looked appeallngly at me v.I cannot remember exactly what 1 -said,but I know that I endeavored todepict to the consul the worth anfr hoJesty of my companion. ZIn return came this: "I don't cre ,who you are either of you! If ye. whave any business at this consulate "come and state it at the proper time." '-Without more than a profound bewr "Stevenson turned and made Jim Wijc -,out into the road again, I having ere- .ceded him. "By heavens, Moors, yeoi -wereriht! What a beast! Wkatar -d d well. I suppose he has n right .to choose his own Sunday moraiac ?,'company. 1 had thought that I imone of the foremost men of letter.the day. but this fellow differs. Whea situation for.armau of mj gyppeMiteminence tol4fikkIinvlf Ift!Miwill differr oplakms. ?theyr And Tre'lgf'ot teteAjerryJaugb. ' "" JL-444Ir . i-t. '" , . .... mmmM '"', 'JJ"'i "" ii"Ui" ii ' "JJum v'i -, r ;Tlffi BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, jres. 7, j lTCl-' r.iTII1-:iiITBEATtlCAL.'THE MISSOURI GIRL" TO-NIGHT.The Missouri Girl 11 a comedydrama tkat prodcuM more genuinehrty laughter than anything yetwritten. la connection With the strongyp4 interesting plot, it contains he'most ludicrous situations ever conceived. The company presenting the playtail season is composed of the bestknown people in the theatrical profession, who are fully able to etxract thisfun and deal it out to the public in aiDoat satisfactory manner. Nine ofthe old favorites remain in the cast ;eone of them have played their respective roles continuously for eight seasons. This guarantees a first classperformance. The new? people addedfor 'bis season were selected for theirpeculiar fitness for the roles they areto assume and it is safe to predict that4 a better than ever" line can safelybe added to the advertising matter.The scenic equipment is complete inevery detail. Evrey foot of the thousands of yards of painted canvas wasdone in Mr. Raymond's large studioand under his personal direction, bysome of the most talented French andAmericai. artists."The Missouri Girl" comes to theGrand tonight. The prices are DressCircle, 75 cents; Parquette, 50 cents;Balcony, 35 cents. Secure your seatsat Mitchell &. tflakemore's today.'PECK'S BAD BOY.""Peck's Bad Boy," which is tobepresented at the Paiis Grand next Friday night, is one of the most humanstories which has ever been offered onthe stage. The play's story meageras it ia conerns such an Americanboy as is to be found in any hamlet,village, tovn or city in this country.It shows this typical American boy atthe pranks which every boy of his agehas played upon those with whom necomes in contact. The Bad Boy hasJLot his companions a chum and his bestgirl, and this trio makes things veryinteresting for the Bad Boy's father,bis mother, and the man who run9 thecorner grocery store.This season's edition of the oldfavorite comedy is brighter and moreentertaining than any previous one hasbeea because of the unusual ability ofthe vaudeville performers who arewits the company introducing theirspecialties during the action of theplay. Prices for lower floor 50 centsand baclony 75 cents.Wanted.Men and Women, sell guaranteedhose, 70 per cent profit. Make $10daily. Full or part time. Beginnersinvestigate. Wear Proof, 3038 Chestnot street, Philadelphia. Pa. 31 5t,Work Harness.Farmers should see our line of workharness before purchasing. We sellthe kind that wear well and givessatisfaction. Prices are right and willsurprise you.3 4t LAV1N & CONNELL.i mmmmmmM.ig.f,f-w-gt.af .of, af -afrif-lf- nr-,-r.ag-iE.g,'aaag.ac if .ar,ag-,Iltfllff Kill WMmMWUKmMmm.mMWKf: niiiJiwu JSCIHflSHAVE YOU A H00SIERCABINET?IF NOT,WHY NOT?They save time, steps and worry.let us place one inThe Hoosier way is the easy way.$1.00EACH WEEK.A. E. Wheeler Furniture Co.Nm art TkJN sts.CHAS.GRANDTHE COMEDYGLEAN, HOMESPUNNEW S0N6S,SADIE RAYMOND, FRANKFARREL ANE GREAT CAST,Prices 75c, 50c, 35c, 25c.We Need the Money.We would consider it quite a favor ifthose knowing themselves indebted tous wouldjplease call and settle at once.Our business needs the money. It willbe only a short while until we will becompelled to go East and purchase ourspring stock and it takes money, soplease call in and see us.3 4t MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Carpets, Rugs and Mattings.See A. F. Wheeler & Co.'s springshowing of carpets, rugs and mattingsin their large window.Support for Worn-Out Pastors.Two million dollars for the support ofthe superannuated ministers of theMethodist Episcopal church was decided on by the Board of Conferenceat !its annual meeting held in Chicago.Of this sum one million dollars willbe for distribution during the comingyear in support of the worn-out ministers, the widows of deceased ministersand dependent children. The otherone million dollars is to be raised for apermanent fund, the amount investedand added to in the future. Thefirstone million dollars will be raideddur-mg the current year. The time for At Nicholasville two meetings ofraising the permanent fund is to be J Jessamine county growers were held,extended until the meeting of the next ! one favoring a crop and the ether opGeneral Conference in 1912. posing. Sentiment is about equally! divided.yl,3S5Wmmwmmwmmyour home on trial. gt1GREEN, Mgr. 0: Cowl Hoase.mmmmwTUESDAY- FEB- 7COMEDY.MUSIC, DHNCIN8.MISSOURISentiment Against Cut-Out Plan.Reports of meetings in a number ofcounties in the burley tobacco districtSaturday seem tu indicate a leversalof sentiment on the part of growerswith reference to cutting out the 1911! crop, but Chairman Bradley Wilson, ofthe Burley Tobacco Union's cut outcampaign committee, said Saturdaynight.J " I am more than pleased with theI reports from the recognized independent counties. Possibly two of thej counties, Madison and Garrard, havemade little gain since our last meeting, but on the whole, I am satisfiedwith the report and I feel that it issuch that it will warrant the BurleyTobacco Society's indorsing of theBurley Tobacco Union in the movement for no crop. It is my opinionalso that the question will be oracti-cally settled when the Burley TobaccoSociety gives its indorsement. Ohiowill make a remarkable showing andshould strengthen the cut out movement in, Kentucky very materially.Reports from Lancaster are to theeffect that the discension in Garrardcounty is such that no meeting washeld and some of the leaders of thecut out movement are now in favor ofabandoning the plan.j Nicholas county growers failed to"If et ; Carlisle. Reports are to the! pffec.t that there is a reversal of senti-merit as to the cut out.i h aVet.TP firmware UMll nrt- eirtn ftiar "jvn. Atuncio mil uuii signI pledge to cut out the crop. This waseviuent at a meeting held in LexingtonSaturday afternoon. A large numberof growers attended the meeting.The meeting of Madison countygrowers held in Richmond indicatethat interest in the cut out movementis completely dead.JBath county growers have pledgedto the cut out about 3,175 acres, as indicated by the meeting in SharpsburgSaturday. The county usually prcducea about 5,500 acrea annually.Reports bhow 50 per cent of theacreage pledged in Grant county.Sentiment is strongly in favor of thecut out.The meeting in Montgomery countyresulted in the adoption of a resolutionrecommending to the But ley TobaccoSociety and the Burley Trbaco Unionthat the crop this year be cut out.An organization, styling itself asthe Hart County Burley Tobaccos: Secret Society, claims to have solved thetobacco problem in Kentucky. Themembers allege that their organiaztionproposes to regulate the troubles thathave recently besieged the Burleygrowers in the State. One member,who unfolded the scheme, says he"guessed" they would all be "nightriders" before thp year closes. Theproposed plan is as follows:"The Hart County Burley TobaccoSecret Society has agreed to cut outone-half of the tobacco crop, and Barren county has also joined. There isbut one way to cut the crop out, andwe have all agreed to just let the tenants raise what they have contractedto raise and cut cut the landlord scrop."No tenant must increase the acreage of his crop and must not have anypartnership plant beds with his landlord, or put any of his tobacco in thebarn with his landlord's crop. Weknow this will be best for all moremoney and less work. Other countiesare going to work this same plan. Thelandlord can raise wheat and corn andsend his boys to school, and onewill bring just as much as two.crop"We will not sign our names 'NightRiders' this time, but guess we will bebefore this year closes."The Place to Save Money.We are now ready to put on yourwall paper, beautiful spring patternsto select from. New line of carpetsand rugs now on display, all boughtj.L . ; x -i litior uie spring iraue. ve can save youmoney and at the eame time give youMCfthe best to be had in house furnishings.J. T. HINTON.NOTICE.W. H. Lucas, who was convicted ofmanslaughter in the Circuit Court ofBourbon County at the November,1909, term of said court will ask theGovernor for pardon, and all who object will notify the Governor, andstate in writing any objection.J. J. WILLIAMS, Attorneyfor W. H. Lueaa.EVENTTHEQlliJLSeats Now onSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESTwenty-eight carlt ads of Kentuckymules were shipped last week to theGeorgia markets. Some of the loadsaveraged twenty-five mules to thenar,this making cne shipment alone containing seven , hundred mules. It isclaimed the Kentucky mule cannot besurpassed in any state, only beingequaled in the Tennessee market.Read Ad On Page 8.Attention is directed rto the advertisement of Varlen & Son on JPage 8.Read over this ad and if your eyes arein trouble you will do well to call thisweek the last week of the sensationalsale of optical goods. Two-fifiy to fivedollar galsses for one dollar.Lecture Wednesday Night.Julius Caesar Nayhple, fourth lecturer in Lyceum Course, will deliverhis "Oriental" lecture Wednesdaynight at 8 o'clock, at City School Auditorium. Sues Louisville 4 Nashville.Asa Jewell, the well known stocktrader of Lexington has filed suit inthe Fayette Circuit Court against theLouisville and Nashville RailroadCompany for the sum of $135 for theloss of a mare in shipment from Cincinnati to Atlanta. He says that onNovember 9, 1910, he contracted forthe shipment of a carload of twentythree horses and mules and that theywere delivered to the carrier in soundcondition and that they were loaded atCincinnati and then taken to Covington where they stood on a side trackthe entire night until late in the afternoon of the following day in inclementweather, and that they were keptwithout feed or water from the time ofloading until the second day when theyarrived at Knoxville and because ofthe exposure and the rough handlingone mare had to be taKen from theshipment and she soon after died as atevult of the treatment received inshipment and that she was reasonablyworth the sum of $135.King McNamara Captured.King McNamara, a fugitive fromjustice for twelve years gave himselfup to the authorities in New YorkSunday and will be brought to Lexington where he is wanted for the murderof Jacob b. Keller, on February 11,1899. McNamara said he was tired ofrunning around the country, hauntedby the memories of his crime, andwanted tu return to Lexintgon. JacobKeller, for whose murder McNamaramust face trial was a cousin of Dr. A.H. Keller, of this city, and formerlylived nere.DEATHS."Mr. Isaac N. Ranck, aged 50years, died in Lexintgon Saturday andthe remains were interred in theCenterville cemetery. He; was a sister of Mrs.. John Deaton, of Centerville. Mr. Kauck formerly resided inthis county.Public Sale-OF-Household & KitchenFurniture.OnWednesday, February 8, 1 91 1at my residence corner Twelfth andHigh streets, Paris, Ky., beginning at1"0 a. m I will sell tu the highestbidder all my household goods consisting of two complete sets of oak furniture ;1 oak folding Led ;1 Davenport;1 Morris chair, lot of rockers anddining chairs :3 good 9x12 rugs and some matting ;1 set of dishes :Dining table, kitchen table:Meller range, good as new and allcooking utensils;1 air blast heater;Refrigerator in good order.Also 1 new sewing machine andlady's writing desk, and other thingstoo numerous to mention.TERMS. Cash.These goods may be inpsecred .anytime be'fore sale.td G. M. THOMPSON.YOURS TRULY, ZEKE & DAISY.SPECIAL SCENERY AND EFFECTS.YOU'LL LAUGH TILLYOU'RE BLUE IN THE FACE,Sale at MitchellRailways Will be Reorganized.Officials and directors who have returned to Lexington from Philadelphiahave made the announcement of plansof the reorganization of new holdingcompanies known as Kentucky Securities Corporation to take over the Lexington street railway and interurbaplines and the rehaoilitation of the entire system involving the expenditureof more than one million dollars, including the erection of a ifive hundredI thousand dollar power plant and otherj extensive improvements.I A large majority of the old securitvholders have assented to the reorganization, and a meeting of the directorshas been called for March 6 at Camden, N. J., to liquidate the old company and make effective the new.All arrangements, it is expected.will be completed so that work can bebegun on the projected improvementswithin ninety days. The improvements also include the erection of newpassenger and freight stations atParis, Georgetown, Frankfort, Versailles and Nichnlasville and the acquisition of new rolling stock.FOR RENT.T An office of two rooms on Broadway. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS,23 4t No. 3 Broadway.-t??T?rf?rl?4'ii?ttt?!i?tj?ii!'Now Is The Time To StraightenYour Poultry Yard and Fence.We have the Wire, light and heavy,from 12 inches to 72 inches high andthe price is less than ever before.Also the best farm fencing, the onewjth the stay that can't slip, at 2c aless than heretofore.China Nest Eggs 20c doz.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky.CefCHIDCliJlillllv Vjinnual Clearance Sale ILeather Bags,Brass andI Friday, Feb. 10th.Great Reductions.All ut races Positively Cash.Don't Miss This Sale.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers."The Home.BothPhones.SEASONand Blakemore's.OPERA HOUSEFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1911'SBAD BOYSPECIAL SENERYPRETTY GIRLSSUPERB CASTVaudeville Acts - '&PRICES--25c, 35c, 50c.-r?lEJlTHIAT'elIIIIIin JUmbrellas, China,Bric-a-Bracof OmliHr"- I wi i mi rJs. J,4AVAv:Vptf-.VTHE BOURBbN 'NEWS,PARIS,: KENTUCKY,' FEB; 71911,ffiE BOURBON NEWS.mXwjuFOR THE BESTNOTHING ELSEAll winterI on.Special Sale.phoes at a greet reducDAN COHEN.L. N. Earnings.Gross earnings of the L. & N. forPtiember were $4,771,675, comparedv:nn $4.45,844, an increase of $287,S31 Expenses and taxes were $3,335,SbK cgmpared with $2,SC,036 in 1909,an increase of $42d,$o9.Early Spring Opening.Early spring opening of carpets, jru and mattings at A. F. Wheeler &Co.'s fair tore opposite the courtJioLbe. ree the big window display.Icavtifal Diner ftr Mr. Bayii.The eighty-fourth anniversary of thebirth of Mr. George W. Davis, the oldest native born citizen of Paris, wascelebrated with an elaborate sixo'clock dinner in the parlors of thePresbyterian church, tendered by thecongregation and ladies of the church.The occasion, which waR pronouncedto be the most elaborate ever tenderedan individual in this city, was attended by Mr. Davis, his threp sons,Messrs. Owen, George and RudolphDavis, the pastor. Dr. B. M. Shive,and the officers of the church.The Hon. l,. M. Dickson presided astoast master, and several toasts to theguest in whose honor the dining wasgiven, were responded to in a happymanner.Mr. Davis is the son of George M.and Mary McClintock Davi3 and was! born in this city on February 6, 1827.j Mr. Davis, besides being the oldest. member of the Presbyterian chuich, isI the oldest merchant in Pans, havingembarked in businessFEISOlf AL MENTION.Mrs W. E. Board it ill with an attack of grippe.Mr. P." J. McCord continues quiteill at his home on South Main street.Mr. Abram Renick, of Winchester,was among the court day visitors hereyesterday.Mr. G. W. Wagoner and familyhave returned after a six wee's stayin Tampa, Jb'la.Dr. H. E. Foster was called laLairsville Monday on account of illnessof his father, Dr. W. E. Foster.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed Tucker leavetomorrow for New York where Mr.Tucker goesto make his spring purchases. Miss Mary Ashbrook, of Richmond, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.F. P. Kiser and Mrs. I. J. Smith, inthis city.n fhio ; ;nI the early fifties. 1 llss Maragret Ewalt, who hast rn isjn ho .o ia0A o oo ; oeen tne guest or ner parents, Mr. anathe PrnshtPrian hnrph 9nH tn Vp9r i Mrs- ' H. Evialt left Saturday, forIntnr tt'OC olootorl on aIHov mliinh I -N6W X OIKMwft ? .ivwwwu 4j jub&9 wjjjuLeaves for the East.V. Ed Tucker starts Wednesday forNew York to complete his alreadylarge stock of spring goods. Needlessto ay his purchases will show neatntss and ecxlusiveness as heretofore.Upon his return you may expect alarge and varied stock to select from.Police Court.In Police Court yesterday JudgeJanuary assessed a line of $7.50against Win. Dudley colored. MaryRisk, colored, was fined $7.50 for thesame offence and against Anna Barbee, also colored, a fine of $10 for disorderly conduct was imposed.A Kare Chance.Full sets of Dicken's and Scott'sworks can be bought at greatly reduced prices.PARIS BOOK CO.was elected anposition he has held ever since. Mr.Davis has been a member of BourbonLode No. 23, I. O. 0. F., for morethan fifty years.He is one of the best known andmost highly respected citizens ofParis. His friends and admirers arenubmered by the score. His life inthe community in which he has livedsince birth has been one of usefulnessto his church, his relatives and hisfriends and the true Christian characterof this honored citizen is worthy ofemulation. The News joins in extending its heartiest congratulations andwishing Mr. Davis many happy .yearsupon the life that has been so wellspent.Lancaster Estate Appraised.The inventory and appraisement oflie estate of Jeptha Lancaster, whodied recently in Lexington, was produced in the Fayette County Court Friday and was filed anu ordered torecord. The appraisement includesboth pre3onal and real property andthe estate is valued at tne sum of$lfc,548.4G. The personality is appraised at $24.46 and the remainderconsists or 43 tracts of realty in Lexinrton and Paris, there being listed 13houses and lots in Lexington and 28houses and lots in Paris and two vaci;l Jots in the latter city.Valentines, Valentines.See our beautiful line of Valentines.PARIS BOOK CO.Civic Organization Perfected.A meeting of the public spiritedcitizens was held at the court houseSatucrday afternoon for the purpose oforganizing a civic league. A largenumber of men and women participated in the meeting. Mrs. J. WalterPanye called the meeting to order,stating the purpose of the assemblage.A nominating committee selected Hon.C. M. Thomas as president of the organization. Mr. Thomas addressed the meetingand told of the great work that couldbe accomplished by such an organization, beautifying the city and transforming the suburbs into an invitingand deisrable habitation.He recammended the establishmentof play grounds for children, the re-1moval of unsightly hill boards and the Ihumane work of destroying diseased!and erinnled animals. 1A committee on by-laws and constitution, consisting of Mrs. James McClure. Mrs. Duncan Bell and MissMiss Mattie Wright, who has beenthe guest ol her aunt, Mrs. NathanBayless, has returned to her home inGeorgetown.Miss Flora Hill, of this city, willleave this morning for Lexington,where she will enter the Good Samaritan Hospital to undergo an operation.Rev. J. W. Ligon, of North Midaletown, passed through Paris yesterday enroute to Augusta where he goesto preach the funeral cf Mrs. J. W.Sallee.Mr?. Charlton Alexander announces the engagement of her daughter,Matilda, to Mr. Buckner Woodford,Jr. The wedding is to take place soonafter Easter.Hon. Wm. Addams, of Cynthiana,candidate for the Democratic nomination for Govrenor was a visitor inParis yesterday and mingled with thecourt day crowd.; IVHielea! Article.Now is the time to sow blue grassseed. We have the genuine Kentuckyseed, the best in the world for thelawm- Phone us your order.SAUERS' GROCERY.Begins Campaign,Colonel Green R. Keller, editor ofthe Carlisle Mercury, and one of thebest known Democrats in Kentucky,says he will open his campaign for theDemocratic nomination for Representative Monday, February 13, in aspeech at Carlisle. Here's nopmg,brother Keller.NEW RECORDSFor February Now on Sale.Both Edison and Victor.Come in and Hear Them.Negre Attacks Deputy Jailer.The attempt of George Cason, colored, to overpower Deputy JailerThomas Faris, and escape from thecounty jail Friday night, resulted inthe negro being shot in the head bythe official, inflicting a wound that isnot thought to be dangerous.Deputy Faris had gone into the jailto lock up for the night, and it is hiscustom to compel the prisoners toenter their cells before going into thecorridors. Cason was half concealedby a shadow when Faris entered, andattacked him. He struck at himseveral times, but the deputy succeeded in warding off the blows, and at thesame time oacKing away irom nis an-Postal's Attractive Quarters.The office of the Postal TelegraphCEble Copmany in this city, presentsa neat and attractive appearance.'having recently undergone a thoroughrepairing and many features added inthe point of accommodation. Mr. E.K. Sutton, of Lancaster, who was recently installed as manager of thelocal office, is a courteous and genialrentleman and is becoming quite popular among the patrons of the office.Mr. Sutton invites a share of the publie patronage assuring the mostcourteous treatment and best servicein the transmission of tlegraphic messages.Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, was appoint-1 tatroniqted. Th-officers and board of direc-1 When Faris reached the con idor door: tors elected were u. in. l nomas, presi-1 he stUmbled and fell. In an instantI dent ; Mrs. Robert Goggin, first vice . the negr0 saw the epportunity to gainpresident; Mrs. W.T. Brooks, sec- j nis free(0m and started toward theond vice president ; Dr. J. T. Vansant, . faUen man Far5s drew his revoiVerI secretary, and Mrs. Kate Alexander, and re(i tne bullet strikinir the nesrotreasurer; directors: K. J. Neely Mrs. in tne foreheau and passing under theWalter Payne Mrs. W. W. Massie, , scalp to the back of the head where itMrs. James McClure, M. J. Lavm, was removed oy a physician.Catesby Spears. Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Jailer FariSf at tnP sound of theMiss Mary ntnian nuicncraic, ur. r. sllot rushed to the assistance of hisJ Hear the realj Harry Lauder LL You may hear others sing BJi Lauder's songs, but the only eLL way to enjoy them is to hear jBLauder sing them himself.fT Hear this great Scotch come- JHj dian on the Victor and on act- jmf ually hear him with all of his nBdelightful witticisms and the "3 usual touches of comedy. mmWL Come and hear some of his JBiJ selections. No trouble to ti?H no obligation on our part. JBI Victors. $10 to $250. Term:, to Miit.INEVERHave we had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautiful inFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized Poulards,. Madras, Lawns,White Goods,Embroideries,Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.W. Ed. Tucker.Daugbertp BrosflHssVI tWA CASH specials!II E E W Fr Tuesday & Wednesday.COOKING FIGS-Imported washed Turkish Figs,per pound 10cpacked, our price per jar 10c HSUGAR Best Granulated, per pound oc wZ PEAS Extra Early June Peas, our price, per can 9c ZSOAP Lenox, 7 bars; Polo, 10 bars for 25c WISYRUP-Bob White Brand, per gal. bucket while ftthey last 3Qc .Milling Co. 's make , 65cSTARCH Argo Brand, the best made, 6 boxes for.. .25eME AL Per Peck : 20cPOTATOES Best Northern Stock, per peck 20cI OIL Best grade, per gal 10c IL. Lansley. W. O. Hinton, Mrs.M. Thomas and Withers Davis.1 Editor Celebrates.i Editor Wm. Remington, of the ParisDemocrat, celebrated the fortieth an-niversary of his continuous service inI the newspaper business by keeping' open house at the Democrat office.During the hours of the reception alarge number of citizens called and ipaid their repsects and partook of the json, but couia not gain admission irom$ the outer door, as his deputy on enterI ing had taken the keys. None of the' other prisoners in the corridor madeany attempt to assise uason, who isserving a sentence for carrying concealed weapons and shooting on a public highway.Big Crowd Attends FebruaryCourt.Real Bargains at Factorv Priri Paid tne,r rePsects ana partooKneai oarsains at raciory rnces. refreahments that were served.3 1-4 Old Hickory wagons, S67.50: iGeorgetown Editor is insane.3 Old Hickory wagons. $65.1)0 :3 Fish Bros.' wagon, .$68.50;Beds. S12 00 ;Seats, $1.75.1 6 h. p. Stover Engine, mountedskids, 200.00;1 2 h. p. Stover engine $85.00;Black Hawk manure k spreader,large size, $110.00.No. 10 Ross cutting boxes, $18 ;No. 8 Ross cutting boxes, $15.00;Level Ross cutting boxes, $2.75.Above are strictly cash pricesFebruary only.3 3t YERKES & KENNEY.Miss Ford in Mexico.It. O. Gaines, formerly editor of theGeorgetown News, and more recentlyon . editor and publisher of the Scott County Herald, was adjudged insane andcommitted to the Eastern KentuckyLunatic Asylum at Lexington Friday.For the past year Mr. Gaines hasbeen an invalid. Without the advant-l age of much education he had worked, faithfully as a typesetter for thefor Georgetown Mews when it wasnized and published by Thomasson and Harry Montgomery abouttwenty years ago, and later he assumed full charge of the paper, carryingit on successfully until his health fail-,P. mi,:- ..o nf c ed and he sold out to Frank M. ThomaIhe Methodist Advocate, or ban , , ;.,... nili,i:Di,111. ofwj 0;fLui; Pntnsp Mpvipo contains the fol- son lts Pre:;ent publisher and editor,L,uis i otose, Mexico, contains the toi- j and others a few years ag0loyving. Upon partially regaining his health"As we announced in a former is- ."... , 4Uc pnf., uiFord was appointed' .... . - : . 'f WI1IUIJ, ilUWCVCl, J1ICU unci LJyears. lie wiuic auu yuuuaucu x iut-t tory of Scott county in two volumes, about seven years ago.sue. Miss bue l. rora was appoito take charge of Colegio Inglesthis city upon the removal of Mrs.O'Beirne to a very important work inthe City of Mexico. Miss Ford has jarrived and assumed charge of thework with her characteristic tact andvigor. It is no easy task to fall into ja place like this in the middle of theyear. Our sister has our sympathy jand we feel sure that she will make!good in her new work. She was for 1wme time in the Cuban woik, then in jinstitute iOion ana later in nexicoCity."To our new bister we extend ahearty weclome, and in good MexicanUyle put ourselves at her orders."MATRIMONIAL.Spring FloorSee A. F. Wheelerwindow display.Covering.&. Co. 'a largeChief of Police Elgin Sued.The following handsomely engraved invitations havabeen issued:Mr. and Mrs. Albert S. Thompsonrequest the honor of your presence"At the marriage of their daughterBlanche BledsoetoMr. Isac Cunningham Haleyon the evening of Wednesday thefifteenth of Februaryone thousand nine hundred and eleven !at seven o'clockChristian churchClintonville, Kentucky.Maplehurst Stock Farm.Thrr.ugh his attorney, -P. A. Thompson, James Brooks, colored, of thiscity, filed suit yesterday in the Bourbon Circuit Court against Chief ofPolice J. O. Elgin, and his surety, thelsomest btallions in the wjrld.American Bonding Copmany, of Baltimore, Md.. for damages in the sum of$2,035. alleged to have been sustainedby the plaintiff as the result of an assault committed by the defendant officer.Attention is directed to the advertisement in this issue of the Maplehurst Stock Farm, the home of thefamous stallions, Locanda and Norab.Locanda 2 :02, is one of the hand-He hasalways been pitted against the bestand his showing is wonderful. Hestarted in sixty-four races and tookmoney out of fifty-four. His winningson turf amounted to over $16,0U0. He1 vas separately timed in one race inThe crowd that attended Februarycourt was one of the largest in years,the ideal weather conditions bringingthe farmers out in great numners.Business in all branches was'brisk andmerchants reported an excellent trade.Owing to the approach of the farming season the demand for work stockwas the heaviest in years and 150mules and the largest number of workhorses and mares seen in ten yearswere on the market.The banner mule sales of the daywas made by John Morrison, of Mil-ja i lersnurg, wnen ne aispcsea oi an ex-John-I fplpnt nnir rf mnr mnioa fr fharloeR. Thompson, of Lexington, for $550.Clark & McClintock sold 12 head toAsa Jewell, of Lexington, for an aggregate of $2,360; 4 head to C4audeGarth, for $850 ; 2 head to John Roseberry, $450 ; 1 to Lee Stsvenson, $215 ;1 pair work mules to Charlton Alexander for $425.I Thomas McClintock sold 5 mules toj Asa Jewell for $1,000.I Caywood & Thomason disposed ofeight head to different parties at anI average of $210 per head.I Bert McClintock sold to Asa Jewell9 head of mules for $2,000.J. C. Bryan sold to Sam Harding apair of 3-year-old mare mules for $450.Frank Nichols sold to Teed McClintock 1 pair of 4-year-old mare mulesfor $400.Chas. B. Redmon sold to J. C. Bry-i an 1 pair of 3 year-old mare mules for$450.J. C. Keller & Son sold to Asa Jewell a 2-year-old jack for $210.About 50 head of cattle reported atthe pens of M. J. Murphy. The tradej was dull, but the offerings were disf posed of at about an average of $35per head. W. B. Mclntyre disposingjofj 31 head to R. C. Turner at that figure.I Cows, numbering about 15 head, wereoffered, all 'of which were sold at from$25 to $65 per head.ISpring Designs In"1CarpetsRugsThe Detition ulleire that onthenhrht 2:0U and holds the world's record forof April 10, 1910. the plaintiff was as- one and one-half mile in a race. Hetautled by the defendant officcer with-1 had three 2-year-olds to pace in 2:20"ut cause and, wno, witn a ouiy inflicted such injuries upon the right armof the plaintiff as to result in partialparalysis of that member .and since hassiffered intense mental and physicalp. its. The plaintiff prays for relief inthe amount above stated.Brooks was formerly employed as aporter in the grocery store of C. B.Mitchell.and a yearling a mile 22o, last halfin 1 :10.Baron W ikies never sired a betterindividual than Norab. He is a brownI horse, 16 hands and weighs l.lbO poundsHis dam. Episode 2:18, sired byEmbassador, son of Geo. W ilkes. Hisgrand dam, Santons, produced PetertheG rat 2. -07 1-4 and Malcomb J.Forbef, 2:09.. ... .t 7iuucaI Wra))cdCakesThey Sweeten the Disposition of the Whole Family.A Scientific Combination ofAll That's Good.Wrapped in Wax PaperIPackages.So to eliminate all that'sbad.ILace Curtains,Linoleums, Mattings,Wall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent Price inCentral Kentucky.A Specially Good HandVacuumCleanerTo introduce this cleaner Iwill make a special price of$7.50For Ten DaysFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.J. T. HINTON.wAl A it lr flvt -I s r- , .ST i.JtyTSI'1? '., .-.''ytf! m ' 'i ' ' " "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, IffiNTUCkY, FEB.; 7A 191 1;- --s.x -- m..mm'i hi in- - - jr iiii"i"L"41W taiimtar Chinest . i.'. A I V lMVBaVBVBVBAVWVASHylMMTUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede Hall Clock as a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of f umrture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alike toutility, refinement, and musics! taste, t heperfect movement insures correctness of time:the soUd oak or mahogany case, with classic"lines, conforms to good taste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals of Whit'.ington orWestminster, serve as a pleasing reminder ofthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design,- size, and price, all showingthe moon's phases in the dial arch. We arcsales agents for The Herschede Hall CbckCo. of this city, and will send illustrated catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can purchase giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Sliver, Sheffield Plate,Gold and Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clocks, Etc,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence solicited.Silversmiths Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Hcrschede Building-, Fourth Street, East,Cincinnati, Ohio$75 to $750FLYING IN DREAMS.You Ever Think It Over?That a man can do what is right in any kind of business. Six yearsago, when 1 first came to this city, you had parties in the same line ofmy.business that did about ten per cent, of the business I. am doingto-day.Do You Know the Reason Why?tfiIt's because Isquare, honest deal.give one and all that ' deals ""with " me aI rtwn mv snrppc;s in hnsinPRS to the fact that Ialways give correct, honest weight and the highest market price.IF YOU EVER HAVE ANYscrap iron, metals, rubber, rags, hides, tallow, furs, etc., tofoffer, seeme before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I vil 1gladly send my wagons for junk toany part of the city or county.MAX MUNICK,Eighth St., Paris, K yEast Tenn. Phane 374.(22oct-lmo)A Sensation Like That Which Sometimes Precedes Death.The sensation of flying is one of theearliest to appear in the dreams ofchildhood. It seems to become lessfrequent after middle age. Beaunlsstates that in his case it ceased at theage of fifty. It is sometimes the lastsensation at the moment of dentn.To rise, to fall, to glide away hasoften been the last conscious sensationrecalled by those who seemed to bedying, but have afterward been broughtback to life. Tieron has noted thissensation at the moment of death in anumber of cases, usually accompaniedby a sense of well being. The cases hedescribes were mostly tuberculous andincluded individuals of both sexes andwith atheistic as well as religious beliefs.In all the last sensation to which expression was given was one of flying,of moving upward. In some death waspeaceful, in others painful. In oneease a girl died clasping the iron barsof the bed, in horror of being borneupward.Pieron associates this sensation withthe similar sensation of rising and floating in dreams and with that of moving upward and resting on the air experienced by persons in the ecstaticstate. In all these cases alike life isbeing concentrated in the brain andcentral organs, while the outlying districts of the body are becoming numband dead.Dream flight, it is necessary to note,is not usually the sustained flight of abird or an insect, and the dreamerrarely or never imagines that he isborne high into the air. Hutchinsonstates that of all those whom he hasasked about the matter hardly onehas ever known himself to make anyhigh flights in his dreams. One almost always flies low, with a skimming manner, slightly, but only slightly, above the heads of pedestrians.Beaunis from his own experiencedescribes a typical kind of dreamflight as a series of light bounds atone or two yards above the earth, each took five I'ottles and two months laterbound clearing from ten to twenty I went to vork. My friends say it Isyards, the dream being accompanied tne most wonderfulby a delicious sensation of ease and ' eawmovement as well as a lively satisfac-To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most RemarkableDndurance Feat of the Season of 1910.A stock car left Quebec, Canada, June 6th, and after an uninterruted jumey of 4,128 miles,arrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.One of the first of the 1911 models to reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger "Suberban," won a unique distinction by thev Longest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom.The motor was started December 2nd, .and was run continuously, not even stopping whenthe car was at rest taking on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,974.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had placedthe figures at a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record was 10,872 miles. The run was under theauspices of the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night.Flanders Cars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual running expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent, per mile. For sale byBourbon Garage and Supply Co.Miraculous IAn ad clipped from a Des Moines!paper: "In looking over an almanac. II read of -. I purchased a bot-1tie; In three days I felt hrtr ileuro they everThirty Years Together.Thirty years of association Thinktion at being able to solve the problemof aerial locomotion by virtue of superior organization alone.LafcnUlo iiearn somewnat similarly 0f jt. Hov the merit of a good thingdescribes in his "Shadowings" a typl- stands out; in that time or the worth-1 I JJ i. .1 l.t ,.... m, ' l...- f .. l. .l 11..' o 1 ...cm aim irequem. uruuiu uj. inn un as iushhuss ul it uau uimir. io tnere isno guesswork m this evidence of Thosa series of bounds in long paraboliccurves, rising to a height of some twenty-five feet and always accompanied bythe sense that a new power had beenrevealed, which for the future wouldbe a permanent possession. Atlantic.Ariss, of Concord, Mich., who writes:"I have used Dr. King's Few Discovery for thirty years, and it is the bestcough and cold cure I ever used.''Once it finds entrance in a home you. can't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It is the most inWon Hi Wagar. J fallible throat and lung medicine onMrs. Somerville, the great methema-1 earth. Unequaled for lagrippe, as-tician and scientific writer, had to a """ oyivr, wou, quinsy oi sore; great extent lb. power of concern- j fr - C.aeel1 lion and became so absorbed in her Oberdorfer.' task as to be unconscious of whatwas !, going on around her. Dr. SonieivHieDon't Forget Great ClearanceSale Few Days Longer.Greatest Bargains you ever heard of in Hamburgs, Whitegoods, Laces, Percales, Dressgoods,Silks, Cottons and Calicos.Special Bulletin 500 pairs Ladies'white foot hose 8 1 -3c pair.Big bargains in Ladies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts, Coats, Shoes and Millinery.told Harriet Martineau that he oncelaid a wager with a friend that hewould abuse Mrs. Somerville in a loudvoice to her face and she would takeno notice, and he did so. Sitting closeto her, he confided to his friendthe most injurious things thit sherouged, that she wore a wig and other such nonsense, uttered in a very' loud voice. Her daughters were in a! roar of laughter, while the slanderedJ lady sat placidly writing. At laat herJ husband made a u:ul pause alter hername, on which she looked up with an, innocent "Did you speak to meV"Most Nourishing Vegetable.Onions are more nourishing thanany other vegetable.mWWimWNtiWWiWMftWiiW.C. It. TURNER. (Successor to O. R. Turner & Co.)DEALER IEOOD COAL.Now is the time, during the early season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this wiuter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Ynur orders respectfully solicited.C. R. TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58..-1TWIN BROS.,!Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!GBTBBB H!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kill ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiccr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanenti that these falls might he utilized when cure because it rids the system of the !some demonstration of the earth has , poison germs that cause catarrh. Atjgiven warning of the danger of such a , the.sfiam?1)im Bod Balm (B. B. B )1 . , .. . . , I purines the blood, does away with.step and the promoters have been , g very 8Vmpfchom Q'f catarrh. KBforced to abandon or greatly modify seilds a tingling flood of warm, rich,the proposed improvement New York pure blood direct to the naralvzedfmtmmfflMMMMWMMMMfflfflfifflMMMffiMMJIj 'Earthquakes Bar Progress.' Japan has a great number of watcrj falls which would be of material valueI in the development of the country, buti the reason these valuable sources of iJ power are not being developed is because of the danger nf earthquakes' which is constantly confronting thei people. More than once within recent! years have steps been taken with thei view of constructing dams in orderSALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-ClassnvrWe are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in everv particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and granite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.Press.His One Regret."There's no use trying to deny it."remarked Mrs. DeFlatt, "this is theworst cook we've had yet. There positively isn't a decent thing to eat onthe table.""That's right," rejoined DeFlatt."But." continued his wife, "there'sone thing in her favor. She can't bebeat when it comes to washing.""Pity we can't eat the washing."sighed the hungry husband. ChicagoNews.nerves, and parts allected by catarr-, hal poison, giving warmth and! strengtli just whei e it is needed, andt i teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per large1 bottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. DescribeI your trouble and free medical adviceI given. Sole by Varden & Son.KlWm. Hdams & Son42 IN. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both PhonesIIOMHBBIIlrjiDon't Forget theCash Raising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin Bros.Clothing and Shoe DepartmentHarryJSimon's Old Stand.iA Judicial Ra proof.A justice once reproved a would besuicide thus: "Young man, you havebeen found guilty of attempting todrown yourself in the river. Oiily consider what your" feelings would havebeen had you succeeded." Green Bag.Wise RosalindlReginald Darling. I see by the papers that a food expert says that it ispossible for a family to live on 4 aweek. Do you think ft possible?Rosalind No, dearest, but I'll be aI Bister to you! Cleveland leader.jJPJLOne Man' Theory.TXo, I don't think women will eversucceed as railroad engineers.""Why not?""They would lose too much timeholding up their trains at crossing."boston Transcript.It is notwhak we take up, but whatwe give up, that makes us rich. Beech -Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Uaiea Tnut BuiWar. Cmckwati. Okie.' Justaa Cellins, Fresklcnt,Svpemr fwrthurf Cfe Ct.tS SIEVESWe are Still Selling the Samo Line None Better Than!viAnd Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a Trial.maiieaDieRannRtking Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky.NaTNararsafSaVVayimB.I, .?er.iKi'ZC !!JKa's ,t -jfc-.- ?J' izr.: " t r v.5r, -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, FEB.-7, 1011.i w-' -mwmnmmJob PrimtincjWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!mVSsgfrTRE J9B RBOffiS OfTHENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS. 'LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &cLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new ' and modernfaces.Che Bourbon Hews,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.EUWWWiUMWttGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTJ I ' IMIOXES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.East Tennv Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use, the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone Co.IncorporatedHave Yon AnyMantle Troubles?t BLOCK MERLINPATCNTEO-RCCISTEREOLINED MANTLEand Your Troables are OrInnciKns outlast ix ordinary mantles. Will save 75ft on your mantle expense. TWO COMPLE1GAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE. 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covers from 12 BlocVy-lal-ty Mantles the best 10 and 15-cent grade of mantles sold take them to your dsaler, csend them to us, and get a Block Innerhn Lined Mantle free.For sale at Hardware. China. Plumbing. Drug. Grocery, and Department Stores. Dcalci?? aaaw5l:M write for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO., s.it w.) Youngs town, OhiHeadquarters for Incandescent Mantles, Burners and Supplies of everydescription, Gas, Gasoline, Kerosene, Higk Pressure, etcmmammumKmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmwmmmmammS aaaaaaaaJ&VC3 Hk3C?sLOOANDA 2:02It Is AlwaysA Jay BirdA superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:01) '. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:11,1. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:l5; was thechampion racing stallion of 190-i-lU05; three-year-old record 2:16,; four-year-oldrecord 2:I4; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record 2:03-:f ;seven-year-old record 2:03 ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 TOR A LIVING TOALNORAB 36915, Trial 2.1ft, TrotlingBrown horse, 16 hands high, fcdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 bv Ambassador StSl1. grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09)a) by Grand Sentinel.$15 FOR A LIVING POALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, KentuckyL. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT FEB. 2, 1910. AT 11:39 P. M.Trains A.rrrveNo.aTamamamFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 26Lexington, ivy., Daily ,-5.2.3 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.28 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.03 amllDWland, n.y., Daily Except Sunday 7.53L2xington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.12Cincinnati, O., Deily 9.40Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10. 05 amLexington, Ky Daily 10.05 amCincinnati, O., Daily. . . 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .11.50 amOynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. , , , 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily , 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily ...,..,,,.,,., 3.23 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily t t, 5,49 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday. . . . 5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .6.29 amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 25 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 27 pmLexington, Ky., Daily io.27 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pmTrains IDe-partl40I TOCincinnati. O., Daily -, 5Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'.'5,Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday .7.omcmiiau, j.t uauy jxcepb ounaay 8.I 10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8sstf iexington, ivy.f imiy 93? Knoxville. Tenn., Daily 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily io133 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 106 Maysville, K., Daily n,26 C'nthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1125 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .v 3.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily . . .3.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .0'.39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except bunday r 53j uincmnau, v., uauy 5.13 Lexington, Ky. , Daily g.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily,' Except Sunday ...d30' vCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ....... .y131 .Lexington, iv.. Daily 10.31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.33 am33 am.00 am35 am20 am20 am44 am,46 am15 am.18 am52 am54 am30 pm35 pm48 pm50 pm32 pm33 pm.35 pm4o pm4S pm30 pmREADING THE FLASHES."Lighthouse Are Open Boaks to theExperienced Mariner.Passengers are generally astonishedwhen on a dark night they hear theship's officer remark to another,"There's Egg rock." or "Crabtrceledge." or "Beaver Tail," as the casemay be, naming sonic headland orshoal along the coast. The landlubber strains his eyes, and far awaythere appears from time to time aCash of light, red or white. As theseflashes seem to the passenger exactlylike those from hundreds of other lighthouses, he is astonished at the officer'sassurance.It Is really a very easy matter to distinguish the American lighthouses andlightships, of which there are about1.300 along the Atlantic and gulfcoasts if one is possessed of a copy ofthe code issued by the lighthouseboard. Every light is known by thefixed light, the duration of flash, thelength of the eclipse or the number offlashes shown in groups. No lighthouses within a hundred miles of eachother are ever similar in these particulars. For instance, one guidepostof the sea may flash a white lightevery fifteen seconds, never varying,while the next flashes a red light everyfive seconds. The third may be analternate red and white fl:is"h. with intervals of ten seconds between theflashes, and so on. The audible fogsignals are identified by the time between the blasts of the siren and thecontinuance of the blast.Flashing lights are preferred to fixedlights for the reason that a fixed lightmight be confused with some otherlight on shore. Only white and redlights are considered desirable in Ughthoi:c5. since it has been found thatthe rajs from lights of other colorscannot be seen at so great a distance.There is but one green light a fixedone on the Atlantic coast. narper'sWeekly.n ejGoreFmHELPED BY A HAMMER.A Littls Business Incident to WhichHangs a Moral.Two blocks apart in a certain streetare two stationery stores. The ownerof one has abundant capital, has awide, rocmy place with a large stockof goods well displayed. The store ofthe other man is a mere hole in thewall in a dingy building, yet this dealer is getting most of the business.The following incident may explainit. A woman who had just moved tothe vicinity stopped in the larger storeone evening to buy some picture nails,but was told that they were not soldthere."Where can I buy them?" she askedpolitely."I don't know," said the proprietor.The woman went to the smaller store.This man had no picture nails either."I have a box of old nails that I usemyself." he explained. "Perhaps someof them might do."The woman .gratefully accepted hisoffer and found some nails that an-f swercd her purpose. She rememberedthen that sho had no hammer, H canI !Shtt you ope," said the shopkeeper, ''Ifyou win Di'ing it Dacji in tue morning."Ever since that time thai woman haswalked the, extra blockg to patronizethe obliging merchant. She has toldher friends of the incident and influenced them to become customers.The essrin" taught by this ihsTgnifi-With the first signs of coastipft- Htion you resort to the home nctboefeof relief, such as hot or cold water oeiarising, lots of stewed fruit wkk yotrbreakfast, etc., but what do yo 4 ,when these fail?The maioritv then atarf mpurgative waters, then chaage totic Dills, etc. If vou hav mmthese various stages you kaow taeytu useless, so xar as permaaeat 1so. Now you should try just onceout iry sometnin? practical aada remeay made ana Intended for tMNr-puse yuu axe trying 10 accorapuea. Meata remedy, as thousands can testify. IsDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, watca ksguaranteed to be permanent la Its results. Its ingredients are such that ay abrief use of it the stomach aad towelmuscles are trained to again do theirwork normally, so that in the end" yosu. .can do away with medicines of all kinaa.That it will do this Mr. G. T. Dodsoa ofSanville. Va.. will gladly attest, and swill 'Mrs. S. A. Hampton of Portage. O.To those who are still skeptical thenis a way to prove these assertions without a penny of expense: Simply send yofarname and address to Dr. Caldwell and obtain a free sample bottle. After using ft;if you are then convinced It is the remedy you need, buy a fifty cent or oaedollar bottle of your drugsist and continue to use it for a brief time untilcured. The directions are simple and thadose is small. It Is pleasant to the taste.does not gripe and 13 promptly effective,and these statements are guaranteed srmoney will be refunded.Thi3 remedy Is over a quarter of acsatury old and is personally taken aymore druggists than any other similarremedy on the American market. Becauseof Its effectiveness, purity and pleasanttaste it is the ideal laxative remedy forchildren, women and old folks generaly.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleaseto give you any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining to .the stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case la aletter and he will reply to you in detail.For the free sample simply send yourname and address on a postal card oraddress is Dr. VT. B. Caldwell, K.500 Caldwell building, Monticello, 111.cant hicldmv is one that is only toooften neglected ifpaya'aT. smalltradesman to be obngtftg it pays allof us. Small favors bring larce returns. Chicago Tribune.QUARREL AND CHALLENGE(Continued Frc m Page 2)on the same day. Mr. Howell returnedand advised me that his friend, Mr.Howard, refused to confer upon bimsuch authority as was anticipated byhis note to me. or as would authorizehim to proceed, to arrange all the necessary preliminaries for the interviewbetween our friends. 1 then infoimedMr. Howell that the refusal of Mr.Howard would' close the negotiations,to which he accented.4 'I do further certify that 1 was expressly authroized by my friend, J.Daniel, to accept any proposition, withMuskets, Rifles, or any weapon thatwould place him on an equality withhis adversary"THOMAS J. OWINGS.""If Mr. Howard has reaped laurelsfrom the history ot this transaction,or his friends feel disposed to claimfor him the glory of the achievement,he is welcome to enjoy, undisturbed allthe consolation it can afford ; For sorely no honorable mind will envy his situation. "JNO. DANIEL."-- V?54F eft? O- aXaI3C:E-1TA TtT ,TiIlal. 2 IX EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.'Trains -ArriveNo. FROMI Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda S.15amI Frankfort, Ky., Daily Escepb Sunday !!!!!!!! .3.50 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .6.22 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only io.10 pmTrains 3De;pa,rto. tfd ' -iui ,r jra.UK.LUXL tx xjuuisviixe, oiuiuuv vjiiij 7.UU am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ...":... .7.35 amL Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 945 amJ F ankfort, Ky, Daily'Except Sunday ii-rffr. .W?s . f. 5. 55' amDreaded Premature iuriaf.Meyerbeer, like many other notablepeople, went in dread of prematureburial and left the most elaborate directions with a view to preventingsuch a contingency. "Mj body is to"remain untouched for a period tit fourdays after my death is certified, withthe face uncovered and in exactly thesame position as at the time I am supposed to have passed away. On thefifth day incisions are to be made inthe throat and in the feet" He alsodirected that two men shomld be appointed to watch over bim day andnight in case he should give anysigns of life and that bells should beattached to his hands and feet.He Remained One."If is true." said a woman lecturer,"that some girls, marrying men to reform them, succeed. Some girls, too,fail."The hostess at a tea once said to abeautiful, sad eyed woman:" 'Are you fond of sports, Mrs.Blank?'"Mrs. Blank smiled'. Her sad eyestwinkled a moment. Then she sighedami -inswered:" 'Well, I suppose I ought to be. Imarried one.' "Nothing could be learnTifJohn Daniel, except that atombstone bearing that name is ithe family burying ground on thmproperty owned now bj Hon. RobertH, Winn, Chairman of the State Be?publican Committee. Buried there,also, is Harry Daniel, noted lawyer,politician and member of Congress exthe ante-bellum d;s: wh. in fhffierce heat of these time, kill'eU WHin the Mr. Stt ring court house.When Cassiua M. City, after tWMexican War, had relumed fail trasade. by pen and speech. Upon tfc 1stitution of salvery, urging state callancipation. it was Harry Daniel Mwas put lorward by the pro-slaveryparty to answer mm at ml stcrluaf.Gwneral Clay once told how his ewaimitation or a nervous twitchinej ,'efthe lips aad one eye, peculiar to Daaielwhen excited, provoked such ss errlment in a pro-slavery audiesce thatDaniel left the hall and would act return. Thomas Gibson Howard, died is1835, aged 28 years, from excessivebleeding for the relief of fever, eeatracted in Philadelphia. He war anoted fox hunter, and an old pertraitpainted by Wright is 1833 isnws biswith a rifle in the hollow of his armand a packjof ShoundSabn the floor behind him. He was the feldest bretaerof the late Col. Henry 'Howard, fatherof Judge H. Clay Howard, tie Mvjlysppointed U. S. minister toeru. mm!George Howard, money-order ia tbePari postoffice. Dvid Howell aadjThos Owings were members of wellknown faimlies in the neightoriaccounty of Montgomery.Judge Howard has expressed a willicgness to have the old hand bill, whichis a relic of the old days whea nothing but the duel would satisfy a fancied or real imputation upon tha boacrof a Kentucky gentleman of the time,beccrr.e a part of the State's collectionin the State Historical Society atFrankfort.Egypt and China.In Esypt wo dig and delve and yearby j ear recover the treasures shelioUX In China there is nothing to recover, nothing to dig for. All her pastis huddled on the surface. Her musicand her musical instruments of thepast are hero today the same as theyever were. There are no stages of development and 110 steps of accent.Hermann Smith.Preventing a Waste."Why is Mrs. .Tones standing bareheaded in the cold?""Oh. she's got a half bottle of coldcure left from last year, and she wantsto use-'it up to get the bottle out ofthe way." Lippincott's.Had Done It Toe.Knlcker Banking interests some-Unips buy what they don't want toa vert a panic rioekor As I buy mywife a dressy Harper's Bazar. ,Agriculture In India.Nearly two hundred million peopleIn India are dependent on agricultarejfor their living.Varden&SonLetAis fill yourPrescriptions,pure drugs' andp romptjjservice.Varden S Son.h Drufgifitv- .fir'fFl j,s''TWWF'UfiSjaBBFiIBPP31iwptmimim'f,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, FEB. 7, 1911.4&i ARE YOU HAVING TROUBLE WITH YOUR EVES IWe have received letters from many patients who could not attend our sale the last two weeks ami whave decided to continue same for 9t'- ; - ' , v - - ,,. 'OjnTEIMORE53 AATE3EK 1mmI f4&iI1frrlIIkFree ExaminationraCome Early and Secure the Best Selection of Glasses With or Without Rims.fe jjV Free Examination ma&rKs5Gold FilledSPECTACLESandEYEGLASSESforWe cater to people who are hard to fit. We can duplicate any lens made.We will Sell $3.50 and $5.00 Gold Spectacles and Eyeglasses, with Lenses for $1,00A careful examination of your eyes will be made and glasses perfectly adjusted by a practical optometrist or refractionist, as your case may require. You may be sure the glasses willbe correct in every way. even though they were bought at the ridiculously low price of $1.00including examination.JGjS.SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAYLowest Prices Tor Prescription, Bifocal Lenses and finger Piece Mountings.OUR PLACE HAS BEEN CROWDED to the utmost capacity and never in the history of ourbusiness have we met with such success as our $1. OO.glasses were last two week.Patients Having Prescription Work Must Positively Call For Same This Walk!"""VARDEN & SONMain Street,Paris, KentuckysfaBAN COHEN.336 Main Street, Paris,MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Ky.14tWBIG REDUCTIONSThis Week on All DiscontinuedShoe Lines.stockandsselected allWe have gone through ourdiscontinued lines and broken sizes, all this season'sstyles, in Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes,Which We Will Place on Sale ThisWeek at Great Reductions.This Sale includes a big lot of high-grade Ladies' TanShoes at Cut Prices.Mr. E. Al. Neal is quite sick.Mrs. Nancy alien 13 not so well.Mrs. W. G. Dailv is tmnrnvinarIj;'1DAN336 Main Street, . -. AT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNCOHENParis, Kentucky- - t-' nig, 1111.CMrs. P. M. Vimout continues aboutthe same.Mr. J. H.Stewart of Carlisle v. asin town on business Thursday.Little Miss Christine Pepper is corfined to her home with grippe.Miss Bonta, cf Paris, is the suest 0fher sister, Mrs. William Insko.Miss Bessie Butler and Mr. W. M.Hamilton continue about the same.Mrs. Bessie Johnson left Fiidav fora week's visit tn her sister at Helena.Mr. J. J. Peed purchased two horsesin Mason county Friday at good price.Miss'Maria Smith returnpd Fridayafter a week's visit to relatives atParis.Mrs. Alex Sanrlpv? nf riinfn;iuI is at the bedside cf her daughter, Mrs!n. vj. uaiiy.Mis Mary McDaniel, who is teaching near Lexington, was at home fromSaturday until Monday.The ladie3 of the Baptist church didwell with their cake sale .Saturday,realizing a snug Utile sum.Mrs. W. V. Huffman, who has beenin Covington tor the past seveialweeks, has returned much improved.Watch my window for tn days andget those bargains.3 3t JOE W. MOCK.Mrs. Ed Brown and children of Cynthiana, were guests of Mrs. HettieBrown and family from Friday untillvionaay.Mrs. E.-nma Long and niece. MissBelle T. Jiiriv loft c;Qt,lr,i0,, ? ,, --- - 1 -- t-'dkuiuaj' mi a newdajs visit to their aunt, Mrs. Ashbrook, at Cynth-ana.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Sheeler movedFriday to the rooms in Miller flat recently vacated by them, from the homeof their son, Mr. E. T. Sheeler.The Juvenile Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church, will give aValentine candy sale at the ExchangeBank Saturday, February 11 3 atMrs. Aaron McConnell, who has beenwith her father. Mr. C. H. Cooper, atMaysville, for th past ten days, returned Saturda". He fa her who hasbeen quite ill is n uch better.Mr. D. V. Bradley, County Managerfor the Bourbon Home TelephoneCompany, was here going over tharoute Friday. Several new telephoneswill be put in in the near future andme line extended into new territory, iAll daily papers cin be secured hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AaronMcConnell. Don't fail to call therewhen vou want a dail- nanoi Qnt.,., - . -- - r-ry-t untui-aay evening rost or LadiesJboursville, W. Va., were at the bedsideof Mrs. Nancj Allen, Saturday nightand Sunday.Mrs. IT IV ?k.. lofi- at...i r., week s visit to friends in Cynthiana.Mr. and Mrs. P T wiia ,. u----- ----- - "luuH nrie IliCguests of relatives in Carlisle Sunday.Mrs. Sagacy. of Lexington, spentSundav uith her parents, Mr. and Airs.J. H. Cdmpbal1.Mr. F. F. Hurst spent Saturdaynight and Sunday with Mr. and MrEd Cochran, ot Elizaville.Miss Anna Blackerby, of Blonmfield,arrived Saturdajvas the guest of hercousin. Mrs. TJ. S. G. Pepper.Mis3 Florence Vimont will leaveWednesday for a ten dav's visit to hersister, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, of Maysville.Mr. W. M. Lvnrh. nf Rfomr,:;uest of his brother,1Bloodifl E. A. Cross. 516 GlasjwrCure - Street. Portsmouth. Va.have failed to do her any Kood. she finds It givesl J'"8 aPPet"e- I have uled It !myself and find it has done me a lot of good.". 1W. T. Brooks, AgentPUBLIC SALEGround, was the gMr. J. G. Lynch, from SatruadyMonday.tillMr. Earle Mcran. of Maysville, andMiss Maude Kerr, of Carlisle, wereguests of A'r. J. M. Msson and familyfrom b'aturddy till Monday.W , M- Vimont spent Mondayand Tuesday with lady friend. MissMinnie Motreiy, at Alt. Sterling. Air.Vimont has been looking in that direction for some time Damo Rumor isgetting rather excited.Blue prints of the. new depot havebeen received here. From the draftsof the building it will be a decided improvement over the old one. withseveral conveniences that it did notpossess. Lumber has been receivedand work is progrsesing as rapidly athe weather will permit.Mr. J. P. MpDnniPl If f n urana. arrived Saturday and will assumehis father s position as cashier of theExchange Bank durine his absence.Mr. and M-s. J. F. McDaniel, Sr . incompany with Vice Preisdpnt G. PFisher, of the M. F. C. leave todayfor a month's tour of Texas.lhehomeofMr. W. M. Hamiltonwas offered at public sale Saturdayafternoon and was bid in by his dau h-'ter Airs. S. K. Proctor at $2,250, butwas later sold privately to Air. E PClarke for $2,300 Mr. Hamilton withMr. and Airs. Proctor will move toMien cuumry nome about March 1. atwhich time Mr. Clark will take posse-Sundav mornino n amoii ki2iaJl02'nd ,n the home of Mr9- Elizabeth Miller two miles North of townen the Maysville pike. The alarm wastelephoned to town. In a short timeall who could procure vehicles were ontheir way to the Miller home. Thefire originated in the servants roomover the kitchen. The hlaze was onlya small one when discovered and wasextinguished before help from townarrived The loss was slight, beingmostly from water.nr I nrlioc T-Tnm- -. .w..v.U 11UIIIC1 nmtnn iuuuumi. 1 ...3 4t JR. M. CALDWELL. Anr . 1Vi,.5S marv u Harbison, of Flemm, r j. , r, ' ,nsourg. arrived Friday and is inThe Ladies Aid Society of the Chris- charge of the music at the protractedtian church will hsye an all-day food meeting now in progress at ftSSterfsale Saturday, February 11, in the n church. Miss Harbinson isTvocal.-w-.. .,.,. wU... A i4 .oue v. can- "" wx Kreat aoincy, bavins? snpntdusky on Main street. They will serve several years studying abroad hlice cream and cake after four o'clock has thorough control of her voice hitin the af ternocn. 3t tonei are pure, expression gcod' andwe want news for tho Rn.nn --.., !, nor is her vninaNews. We want it fresh. Those hauM10?1? ,n u"ty. The meetinir un-uw uc yowenui sermons of Di. Com-ing news items tor publication willplease call me Home phone 82 or leavesame at poetomce or Bourbon HomeTelephone Exchange. IR. M. CALDWELL, Correspondent. 'f Mr. J. K. Allan, of Winchester, anrlniece, Mrs. Valandineham of Hr.mmo nt Win'nhn : : .interest. notwithsUndinj? the fact that, there has been considerable rain durine:I the past week. The meeting: wiU cotinue through the week.tech aftirnoiOFPERSONAL PROPERTY.THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1911,As administrator of the late J. H.Cjiltner, I will offer atpublic sale at hisresidence on Maysville pike, midway beiJeM a?,s a"dexington, Interuabanstop No. ,J4, at 10 a. m., sharp.1 black work gelding. 8 years old;1 bay work gelding. 10 years old;1 Brown work mare, 8 years old, extra good; '1 Percheron filly, 3 years old;1 bay mare, 10 years old, sired byHarrison Chief, Jr ; registered andpedigree will be furnished on day ofsale.1 coming 3-year-old bay filly, sired byJramp Medium, full brother to Tramp-1 Sumin 2-year-old chestnut gelding,sired by Red McDonald. This is an extra good gelding.c J0?KStnw weTanIin filly. Rex Cola,sired by Woodland Echo. Registeredand pedigree furnished.4 high geadc milch cows;- extra young grade cows with calves,4 yearling heiters;5 coming 2-year-old steers;o yearling steer calves;oO breeding ewes, consisting of highgrade and Cots wolds to lamb in March;13 ewe Iambs;6 bucks;10 brood sows, to farrow soon:iroiand China boar, registered41 shoats; 'All of above stock home raised andof extra quality.1 buggyt new;1 spring wagon;1 road wagon;2 sets buggy harness ;1 saddle and riding bridles0 Stivers seed strippers, ' with twocombs and harness for each1 2.horse wagon with bed'and frame;"" "uyuij, wunstocK rack;1 farm cart:1 binder;1 mower;2 hay rakes;2 breaking plows;1 Disk plow, harrow and work gear:grindinrmiR; " S"61 power wood saw;1 7-barrel steel water tank for wagon;1 sheep dipping tank;2 tarpaulins;1 set blacksmith tools, force anvilvise, drills and bits; S' n '1 set carpenter tools;1 set garden tools;6 stacks timothy hay;xjulvl sneai oats;1 Incubator and brooder;Lot of Plymouth Rock chickens;Household and kitchen furniture;and ,sale. "" w "" LO. B. LLOYD. XU- F rpvvrv Adifciaigtratt.IT if "ENNEY auctkervv jVV7fv-i-r4. !JF.