" -iV- -.-(Vv "M v vttk-, j, - -.iv- "L pmm-.w up mjjl "THE BOURBON NEWS.X., 'JLo4'JW-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB'I, -'rtuVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1911.sq . -isemW66K1USi) 60 id IIAt TheSIMONft priDep't Store,Thursday, Oct. 26,$1 .50 Shirt Waists at half-price 75ceach, 2 waists to a customer.Sale from 9 to a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE -- We are closing out Shoes at lowprices to distontinue this department.Jf We Save You MoneyflAs We Sell For Cash Onlyf WW Standard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs. ... : $1.00 M)Sf Pure Hog Lard, per lb 12 l-2c SfE White Bac'on, per lb .10c Wj Fat Bacon, per lb 12c &jj Breakfast Bacon in the piece, per lb 20c$ Lenox Soap, 3 bars 10c ijffff Lenox Soap, 8 bars , . 25c (N$W Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50c Wsv iirgo srarcn, 6 ooxes ucJ Blueing, 2 boxes c W$ The best Gun Powder Tea, per lb 75c&) Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per lb 50c Sjfff Preserving Pears, per bu 1.00 WW WBLUE RIBBONg The Flour of Quality jYou He Tried the Rest, Now Try the Best. ff'T Blu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65 3jJBlue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30 m'$ Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55 WWr , I ifJII-I AIJ Durti w. . . .. ... . ., - . w. .,4 Rnth Phones 234 W4 ...-Watch this bpace Next Week, riv,a?inBoys Clothing!We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50 to $1 o.ooin all the latest colors and styles?Boys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.; GIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.Elder Morgan to Remain Here.The officers and members of theChristian church of this city weregreatly distressed tto learn Sundaymorning that their pastor, Llder CareyE. Morgan was seriously considering amost insistent call from the largestcongregation of this religious body inNashville, Tenn. So often had Mr.Morgan refused to consider very flattering overtures from churches inlarger cities his congregation had cometo consider him as, belonging exclusively to them, and had nc thought of hisleaving Paris. He has ministered tothe church in its joys and in its sorrows with a loving Christiau spirit anda kindly helpfulness that has endearedhim not only to every individual of hismembership but to the citizens of thisentire community regardless of religious faith that it .would have beenviewed as no less ihan a calamity tohave him leave for another field.During the early part of the morningservice the officers held a consultationand voted unanimously that thpy wouldin no wise conisder accepting Mr. Morgan's resignation. They also appointed cne of the elders to present the situation to the congregation at the closeof the service and take the sense ofthe entire body as to their will in therratter. At the mention of the subject the deepest of interest was shownand tears came to the eyes of many atthe thought of losing the pastor whomthey so dearly love. Wjthout exception the entire audience voted not torelease him.Upon a presentation of the earnestand enthusiastic protest of the congregation Mr. Morgan has decided to decline the call much to the gratificationof his congregation and many friendsthroughout the county.For nearly nine years he has servedthe Paris church with marked success.He is widely known as one of the mostmagnetic and capable pastors to befound anywhere. His forceful, lovingmessages from the pulpit have beenalways delivered with such depth ofChristian spirit as to place him in demand as a speaker on nearly all theprograms of the national gatheringsof this church and on many occasionsof note whpre a speaker with power ofthought was needed.It is no wonder that a minister ofhis ability is wanted and should desireto go into wider fields of usefulnessand the Paris church is indeed to becongratulated upon Mr Morgan's decision to remain here. Below is a copyof the letter to the Nashville churchreporting the action of the churchhere.Prof. Alexander Fall,Nashville. Tenn.Dear Biother: This is writtenconfirmation of the telegram sent youyesterday by the church here in regardto the action taken touching consider-ing the acceptance of Bro. Morgan'si resignation..The board of officers unanimouslydeclined to consider his resignation fora moment and protested against hisconsidering any thought of giving uphis work here. The officers presentedthe matter to the congregation fortheir consideration. V ith one accordevery man, woman and child presentarose to vote that his resignationshould not be considered.Bro. Morgan's relation to our peopleand in fact to all communions and thepeople at large in this entire countyand several counties around is of sucha close and pleasant nature that itwould be very hurtful to our causehere to allow him to leave while theconditions are so favorable to largerwork for the Master. We believe thatcould you know the situation as itreally is here and with what sincerityhe is loved by the entirec ongregationwithout expeetien you would not thinkiright to ask him to take the risk ofseriously, injuring work that he hasspent years to build up and has so wellin hand now. This was all put before1 Bro. Morgan so that he could not butadmit the reasonableness of our argument, and this with the attachmentwhich he naturally would have for apeople with whom he had labored inevery phase of life for so long, causedhim te decide that his duty was to remain here, in spite of the fact thatyour appeal was very strongly put andthe field one that was very inviting toone like him who aspires to do largethings for his Lord, and he was insome doubt as to whether he might notdo greater work with you. But weneed him here, especially at this time,and we have made him see that this isso. We wish to assure jou that no undue advantage was taken by him inyour having extended him the call.His decision was reached only throughthe conside ration of his friendly relation to the people and his duty to thechurch here. No advancement ofsalary or extension of privileges orother consideration in any way differing from his original contract has beengiven him. We mention this that youmay know that he has not used yourcall to secure any personal advantagefor himself. His answer was givenonly inc onsidetation of our appeal tohis duty and love for us and our devotion to him.We can find no fault with you forwanting such a man and we know thathe would have carried your work withthe greatest success and have addedstrength to your church and honor tothe cause of Christ.While we rejoice that he has decidedto remain with us, we sincerely regretthat it means to you the denial of theleadership of one of God's own annotated and one of the most efficientand faithful who ever filled the tryingoffice of preacher and pastor for alarge congregationWe earnestly pray that your disappointment may be but for a short timeand we can ask for you no greaterblessing that there may come to yousuch a consecrated leader as Bro. Morgan has ever -been to us.Sincerely and fraternally yours,W. O. HINTON, Committee,For Paris'Christian church.h. --. -. Ifcfc 11E 1X1 !r m-i mm- vvl kiuw nvjvv "I pO WHERE YOU WILL, and meet whoever you may happen.W J upon, if you are dressed in the clothes we'll sell you, you'll be as $ty well dressed as you want to be. That's the one advantage you get bycoming: to us.vizjl CORRECT STYLE is an important thing in Clothes;U but style is one thing you've got to take somebody'sword for. You want good style, of course; and you wantto be sure that the Clothes you buy are correct in style.Now, this "more" is what you'd better come to us forthis certainty.ktGet In Early While the Picking is GoodW BOYS' OUTFIT, FROM HEAD TO FOOTt MOST COMPLELETRUNKSSUIT CASESRAIN COATSUMBRELLASRUBBER BOOTSSUCKERSi?I Mitcheli & Blekemore,IOutfitters to MienParis, Kentuckysi9fttt9W('mf.A VMjni;&".Sg iLutuiiinininu iiTiiuinjitMuuiMiniiitiniiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiuniiiiniiiiiiiiiiuinniiiiiuMiiniiiiniiiniiiniHiiiuJ. H4S33BSFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.300 Newest Style Coats and Hats Just ReceivedCome in and 1 ake a LookWe Offer For Your Inspection the Greatest and Best Line ofSUITS, CLOAKS AND SKIRTSEver Shown in Central KentuckySUITS- ' 'At $15.00, $20.00, $25.00 and $35.00These are values that mean a saving to you of from 2.50 toSlO.OOonasuit.COATS-At $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00A full assortment of Black Cloth Coats and all the new largeCollar and double faced effects. Also the popular Reversible CoatsmSKIRTS-At $3.98, $5.00, $7.50 up to $15.00 each. An elegant selection of the season's most popular styles in; .Corduroys, Fancy Materials. Serges and Panamas. " j, 'SHOES- xIn Velvets, Satins, Suede, Patent and Gun Metalsr for Ladiesand Misses. '"1 MILLINERYComplete 'line of Suit Hats at popular prices.tZ .I 'I Frank & Co.I ' Paris, - - KentuckyEtinnniiiiinuiin iminiLmj i; nn'niiiiiiMiimjiniiiiiHiiiininiHnimiijMJjrnnninninniiititiiriiiw&rjjt&sasesa x8?tl:ffe&2mix-v i$$)&) Sillsiai(fla$eKJ'fciHitattaf-Traltt t-fcgiyti-nr-Mi'irmTfrr TT ifi, rWia turn-assa. uk i rr!nwsiWMBgtjtUi -.j; ;THE BOURBON EWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT, 24, 1911.S ISi!'HL H811?u li-BAKINGPOWDEAbsolutely PureTo have pure and wholesomefood, be sure that your bakingpowder is made from creamof tartar and not from alum.The Label will guide youRoyal is the only bakingpowder made from RoyalGrape Cream of TartarNo Alum No Lime Phosphatesjl Railroad Cars for Automobiles,ij In order to handle automobiles eas-Sy, several railroads have adopted aew style of freight car, having doorsthe full width and height of the car.8Many Have Tried.' No man has ever gained distinctionpecajuse of the excellence of his jewelry. United States Comes Fourtn.The United States government Isfche fourth to establish an aeronautical laboratory Belgium, France andJRussia have already done so.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.3HMiyill f$gLOWRY & TALBOTTParis KZentTJiofeivA I Bourbon Laundry, DAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbonffll JH r 7 JbbbbbbbbbbbbbIja ibbbbbbbK I if ( rx bbbM,mJL bbbbbH I$rPvx'""BParis, Kentucky,IHthliMili" Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryf?r Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverd repairs. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg Kentucky.vv-VDaily Thought.Memory is the cabinet of imagination, the treasury of reason, the registry of conscience, and the councilchamber of thought. Basile.Trained to Use Both Hands.The children of Japan are trainedas ambidexters, using both handsj equally well.True Philosophy.To have what we want is riches.but to be able to do witbut is power,George Macdonald.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and real ly betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.Office Opp. Postoffice. fA P rtiptilar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,MdtiiJHtWIiHiHiiK'iJUiiaH.aiuj.wMiiijjyjijiP"IUU ll U)mtyV titc"i'VTHE BUORBQN NEWSrBOTH' 'PHONES, 124.' NO.. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail MatterEstablished in J88J 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 31.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per increach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$2.00, PayableFrom Whence Cometh the FundsThe Louisville Evening Post is begging for money for O'Rear's campaign, on the ground that the Republican treasury is empty. Right on theheels of this plaa comes the announcement that O'Rear will swing throughthe Eleventh District on three specialtrains. This will cost not less than$10,000. Who is putting up.Religion is Not an Issue.Judge O'Rear employs every opportunity to drag religion into this contest, but it has no place there, and thepeople have given him no encouragement. No man stands higher in thechurch than Governor McCreary. Heis a practical Christian, showing byhis daily life that he follows the precepts of his Master. Temperate, virtuous, honest and fair, he is an example to his fellow-man.EducationUnder Democratic RuleThe Republican State Inspector paysa high tribute to the efficiency of theNormal school3, created under theSullivan act. The Democrats are responsible for the educational prorgessKentucky has made, and a fresh impetus will be given to the cause whenMcCreary is elected Governor. Therewill be more schools and better ones,more teachers and more pupils, andmore money to pay expenses.Another Prooi of Insincerity.The Republican nominee is howlinghirrselt black in the face because theLegislature has net passed a law carrying out that provision of the Constitution which seeks to prevent the useof railroad passes by public officials.Of course Judge O'Rear does not usethese conscience killers, but it ischarged that his famly traveled onpasses frcm Frankfort to Louisville onthe very day when he arose in the Repubilcan Convention and denounced theuse of railroad passes. Another proofof the Judges' insincerity. Let himcome into court with clean hands.A Good Word for J. W. Newman.One of the rmost effective speakerson the Democratic ticket is Mr. J. W.Newman, candidate for Commissionerof Agricul ure. His appeals to thefarmers have done much to increasetheir interest in the Democratic campaign. Being a farmer himself heknows what is neeaed to make Kentucky the greatest agricultural statein the Union, and during his service asState Senator he advocated every lawthat would bring pr sperity to thefarmer, and relieve him from unfairburdens.As secretary of the State Fair Mr.Newman was in position to realizehow much the Kentucky farmer hasprogressed during the last few years,and how his stock and his crops keeppace with those produced by rivalstates. His efforts laid the foundationfor the success of the State Fair, ".andhis eloquent speechea at Frankfortsecured appropriations that couldnever have been gained otherwise.When Mr. Newmin becomes Commissioner of Agriculture the politicaldws and schemes that have broughtd sgrace upon that department will beat an end. The Democracy is fortunate in having not only a trained lawmaker, but a practical farmer, at thehead of this impo;tant branch of thegovernment.Irish Crochet.Yokes, medalions, insertions, laces,etc.MIS3 JESSIE BROWN.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe' first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.Fall Opening.Of art embroidery and fancy novelties, linens, white goods and lacesThursday, October 26.0 2t MISS JESSIE BROWN.- Editor and OwnerI SIX MONTHSin Advance$1.00When O'Rear Favored Civil War.When Governor McCreary chargedthat Judge O'Rear was present at theGait House Conference held before theassassination of Governor Goebel, andthat he made a speech there advocating violence and revolution to keepTaylor in the Governor's chair, theRepublican press denounced the statement as false, and criticised him forattempting to revive the passions ofthat disturbed period. Governor McCreary is not a vicious or revengefulman ; he does not seek to array opeclass of his fellow citizens againstanother, but in this matter he is clearly within his rrghts. If Judge O'Reara member of the highest court in thestate, is in sympathy with lawlepsness,and has ever advocated civil war, thepeople of the state should be informedonj-the'subject. If he is innocent thenhe has not been injured in the leastand the burden of giving currency tothis report falls upon Governor McCreary. Tne only answer that Judge O'Rearhas vouchsafed is that Governor McCreary 's informants art "liars." Hevolunteered the suggestion that amongthose present was Judge Alex P.Humphrey, of Louisville. GovernorMcCreary promptly answered that hewould stand by any statement JudgeHumphrey would make, and asked thatgentleman to give his version of JudgeO'Rear's speech at the Gait House.Conference. When Judge Humphreywas asked by a reporter for a statement, he declined to be brought intothe controversy.Govrenor McCreary then askedJudge O'Rear if he would not join himin a request to Judge Humphrey, tosay just what was said at that meetingbut Judge O'Rear is too old a fox tobe caught in any such trip. He positively refused to make any such request of Judge Humphrey, knowing,no doubt, that if he were to do so,Judge Humphrey would then be compelled to tell the whole story, and weare reliable informed that it will ccn5firm Governor McCreary's charge inevery particular. Judge O'Rear didcounsel war and violence at 'that meeting, and so inflammatory was his assault upon the Democrats, that severalgentlemen left the meeting ratherthan to be a party, even by their presence, to such revolutionary utterances.The importance of -having the truthrevealed about Judge O'Rear in thispraticular is that the voters ought toknow the character of man they areexpected.to elect Governor, so. that ifthey want a law-abiding, sane, levelheaded experience man like SenatorMcCreary or an unsafp, ax swingingfire brand like Judge O'Rear, theycan make their choice intelligently.L. N. October Statement.The Louisville and Nashville railroadhas issued a comparative statementof operating revenues for the secondweek in October which are $1,167,310;corresponding week of last year,$1,131,535; increase, 35,775. Total fortwo weeks in October,1911, $2,313,305;corresponding period uf last year,$2,182,275; increase, $131,030.FOR RENT.f Lumber yard or coal yard. Locatednext L. & N. freight depot on Secondstreet. Good office building and sheds.Possession given at once.J. B. TARRR.20 3t Paris, Ky.$50.00 REWARD.I will give a reward of $50.00 forinformatioa that will lead to the arrestof the party oi parties who on Wednesday, October 18, poisoned my dog.20 3t JAMES WILLS,Cottage at Public Auction.I will sell at public auction on thepremises at 2 o'clock p. m., onThursday, November 9, 1911,a frame cottage on Lin avenue ; contains four rooms; lot 45 by 125 feet;rents for ,$12.50 per monthMARY WOODFORD.M: F. Kenney, Auctioneer. ' !f'-Women's SecretsThere is one man in the United Statesmore women's secrets than any otner4.. Tkaco cpnrptc nret not secretsthe secrets of suffering, and they haver. V Pierce in the hope ana expectation oi aavice anuucip.That few of these women have been disappointed in their expectations is proved by the fact that ninety-eight per cent, ofall women treated by "Dr. Pierce have been absolutely andaltogether cured. Such a record would be remarkable if thecases treated were numbered by hundreds only. But whenthat record applies to the treatment of morethan half-a- million women, in a practice ot over 4U years, it is pnenomenai,end entitles Dr. Pierce to the gratitude accorded him by women, as the first ofspecialists in the treatment of women's diseases.Every sick woman may consult Dr. Pierce by letter, absolutely withoutcharge. All replies are mailed, sealed in perfectly plain envelopes, withoutany printing or advertising whatever, upon them. Write without Jfear as without fee, to World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R. V. Pierce, Prest.,Buffalo, N. Y. 'DR. PIERCE'S FAVORITE PRESCRIPTIONlEbSCn-lioss "ySQrtlsi. w ornon. 23'fcroxi.s,JSiola W330Q.03ca. well,GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALIER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.egBtgtlgicqe3a&iaJ'wgfcafta!The Best is noneBuy?r.Mand make the Women happy.DodsonPARIS. KY.QS2QSQs2t2s)East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOBPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour- .' 'bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little7 RockRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service.' 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Gfliee 514 Main Street.Office Phones fomeResidence gHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up StairsJOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,'B,ooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Bloodine E. A. Cross, 516 GlasgowCur oa Street, Portsmouth, Va.OulwfL. Says: "My WifeJKnumatism Has used Bloodlne for' .. . Rheumatism with the mostKratlfyingr results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds It givesher strength and a. good appetltt. I have used Itmyself and find It has done me a lot of good.'VW.T. Brooks. Ap"rrjgwho has perhaps heardman or woman-m iucof uilt or shame, butbeen confided to Dr. -too good for you.IkanyouFruit and Shade Trees.Shrube, Asparagus, Rhcbarb, Peonies,Roses. Phlox, etc. Everything fnOre-hard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. Freei catalogue.' H. b HILLENMEYER & SONS.3 oct 2m Lexnigton, KyBicycle for Sale.Banner bicyelp, coaster brake, goodas new. Will sell cheap for cash. Callat Bourbon News office. 6 3tmroMWE6STEI&New ?bInternationalDictionaryTHE MERRIAM WEBSTER?Because iL18 a new cbea'XJ.UJN, covering everyfield of the world's thought,action and culture. The onlynew unabridged dictionary inmany years. yBecause ifc deflnes over 400,000- Words; more than everbefore appeared between twocovers. 2700 Pages. 6000 H-lustrations.' ,;Because . th-e only dictionarywith the new dividedpage. A "Stroke of Genius."Because ifc is aa encyclopedia insingle volume.Because S is accepted by the-. Courts, Schools andJress as the one supreme n-Because k0 wao knows Wins-. Success. Iiet us tallyou about this new work.ITilTE fr nttlBa rf mr U-rtUJCtC. MERRIAM CO.. PiU.t.r. b&u ic ..a7fr. xa& Denton-' fT'"t IiIlfiivim jyycre6tTersjgfcMiyfctmg.'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OC f. 24, " 191 I .BUiTISIICaret! fay the Marvel' of theCentury, B. B: B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpare tiotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S.mPisrnt free by writing Blood.-u d . Atlanta, Ga. Describeyxir trcuo'e "nd free medical advicegi.n. 3l:l Ly Varden & Son.Bloodine Cures Strains, BruisRheumatic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atic pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.W. T. Brooks, Agent.8 !THE PARISQvieK Lvnch andI kesiavrant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main Street IE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY. II IFOR RENT.r A house on I Twelfth street, adjoining Reform parsonage and residenceof N. Kriener. containing three roomB,dining room and kitchen. Has backporch, veranda in front. Large yardand garden. Cistern at door. Apply toGEO. W. JUDY.FOR SALE.A lot of second-hand lumber for salecheap.THE FALR.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for, 30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT PRE B.If you have ulcers, eating soreb,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, hone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing BloodBalm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalCoratractingarsdBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle1 yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERAN ESCAPEDLUNATICBy MARTHA V. PEASLEYCopyright by American Press Association, isu.TJe Mysteries "of JenDiseS(Revealeiby a. Complete Laboratory Examination 'If You Want to Know the Tniffr Sp nid n. riniinASSOCIATE SPECIALIST OP CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST COMPANYDon't Wait until p are Indicted and Sentenced and the.6ates of Health Closed Against YouTwo' tropsofBlood.TwoOffices.-' ofUriieMy brother Henry wrote me that hewas going to bring his friend out toour country place for the week end."He's a jim dandy. Edith," wroteHenry, "and I'm bringing him out purposely to introduce him to you."About a mile from our place was thestate insane asylum. Its proximitywas a great disadvantage in that 1was in constant dread lest some maniacshould escape, come to our house andmurder us all. An escaped lunatic hadonce come there when no one but amaid was in the house and had frightened her out of her senses.About 5 o'clock one afternoon whenI was just ready to go downstairs andout on to the piazza there came a ringat the telephone. I answered the callmyself. It was from the asylum andwas an inquiry as to whether we hadseen or heard of one of the inmateswho had left the grounds and gone inour direction. He had passed out witha suit case in his hand, telling the gatekeeper that he had been dischargedand was going home. He was one ofthe most dangerous patients4n the institution. I replied that we had seen nothingof him and sincerely hoped we wouldnot Then 1 went out on the piazzaand tried to think of something else.But 1 was unable 'to fix my thoughtson anything save a madman comingdown on us. Every man who passedon the road a short distance fromwhere I sat looked to me like a ravingmaniac. Finally I saw a man comingcarrying a suit case. My heart wentright up into my throat 1 muttereda silent prayer that he might pass thegate. He did not He stopped andlooked up at our house. "He's the escaped patient" I moaned. "He's deliberating whether he'll come here or goon farther. Heavens, he's coming in!"There was no man in the house, andI simply must meet him. I sat perfectly still while he came up the walk,my heart wildly beating. I had readstories of persons turning away insanepersons by coolness and strategy, butI didn't find any coolness in myself,and. as for strategy, I was incapableof carrying on even an ordinary conversation with the man. By the timehe reached the piazza I saw a wildeyed creature with fiery red hair andatmospheric disturbances similar toheat waves emanating from his finger ends. Indeed, had I looked athim through dancing water or an imperfect window pane he couldn't haveappeared more terrible. He said something to me, but 1 had no idea whatit was, except that it was a question."Go on," I said "oh, go on! They'reafter you! I just had a telephone fromthem asking if we had seen you. Asyou value your freedom, go!"He stood looking at me. Was he going to spring upon me or would hewith that cunning often to be foundin persons of his kind attempt to outwit me so that he could effect an entrance into the house and murder usall without our being able to call forhelp?"You can't come in!" I continued excitedly. "Oh, go on! Don't stop amoment- You'll be captured. Pleasego."The man turned and, without a word,retraced his steps. I maintained myposition until I had seen him out ofthe gate, then I staggered into thehouse, sank on a lounge, and that'sthe last 1 knew till I saw the maidsprinkling my face with water.Ashamed of my weakness, I soonarose and by keeping smelling saltscontinually at my nostrils managed toget upstairs to my rpom. In the courseof jrn hour the maid knocked at mydoor and said my brother had come.I was surprised at this, for he hadwritten that he would be with us onSaturday afternoon, and it was nowFriday. I was so ashamed of my terrorat the approach of the lunatic Henryijad no respect for my timidity thatI resolved not to say anything aboutIt With the smelling salts in myhand, I went down into the livingroom.Oh, my goodness gracious! Am Imad, or are my eyes, askew? There,beside Henry, stands the maniac!"What the dickens 'did you mean.Edith, by treating Mr. Trask as youdid awhile ago? I missed the train,and he came on without me, only tobe turned away by you. Were youcrazy?""N-n-o, b-but I thought he was."Henry was very angry, but his friendsoothingly said that 1 doubtless had anexplanation. I gave it A sickly smilegradually overspread the features ofboth the men, and, as for me, I ranup to my room and locked the door, and ithey didn't get me out of it till thenext morning. When I came down tobreakfast Henry and Mr. Trask werewaiting for me. Henry, who was stillmortified at my reception of his friend,said by way of introduction, just as ifwe hadn't met before:"Edith, this is Mr. Trask. whom Iwrote you I would bring up with methis week. I assure you he is in hisright mind and has no intention ofmurdering you.""Yes, I have," said the other. "I'mgoing to pluck her heart out of her."Now. wasn't that nice of him?Indeed, he turned the whole matterinto a Joke, getting Henry into goodhumor and making me' feel less uncomfortable.And he kept his word about plucking jI WANT A TALK WITH YOUin reference to that which shouldconcern every man more than allthe money in the world Health,Heritage and Success.What is true of your physicalcondition, must be reflected in thewell-being of your children forfuture generations. A nationthat dies may be "born again" ina physical sense, and may yetnana aown a ilentaee that ismore than all the wealth it may haveproduced.In preserving your blood cells we arehelping to shape the destiny of futuregenerations, and the few dollars we leavebehind will count for but little comparedto the vital spark that flows throughthe blood stream of men who do thingsright.The time has come for you to decidewhether you will be the man that Natureintended or will permit yourself to bedeluded "to be cast into the scrap pile."Your first duty is self-preservationTruth is eternal. Your Heritage is yourgreatest asset.If the underlying principles upon whichmy SPECIFIC BLOOD CELL REMEDIES were perfected had not been right18 years ago they would not be right today. I believe if you had your troublelast year you still have the resulting weakness this year, and the fact that I was unable to secure your confidence shouldcause me all the more concern in makingan honest and sincere effort to have yousee the right way to do justice by yourself.C.Ii.DOIXE,,M. D.AssociateSpecialist.worthNow, the facts are, you havetown me directly or indirectly for18 years here in Cincinnati, andyou have watched and waited tosee my efforts revolutionize thepractice of my specialty. - -Now, if my 22 years of experience is worth anything to you,if the services of the best laboratory in the city of Cincinnati isWorth anvthinfr in vnn if tTiremedies I have perfected, and whichhave been endorsed by the best authorsin the world are worth anything to youif one of the best hospitals in the city ofCincinnati, if needed, is worth anything toyou, all of which can be had without adollar if needed. I know this shouldcause you to have but one opinion, andthat is, that I have shown a dispositionto do a hundred times more than you arewilling to do for yourself, x,If you place no value on your healthand Heritage, I am talking to the wrongman, but if ycu do believe what I havesaid and you are willing to make an effortto help yourself there is no just reasonwhy you should feel that you cannotafford to protect that which is worth ahundred times more than all the monev'that you have or will make.Are you willing to hand your heritagedown from generation through your children? Look at the thousands of menwho are paying the price of their ancestors' indiscretions. Let us cure you ?1 Vita$ Factst .r OF INTEREST TO$ Every$ I ManLet Me Send You This BookFREEWhile countless thousands have already written for this hook,and are now well and happy because of the same, still there are yetthousands of others who need just such valuable information asthis book of Dr. Dolle's contains. No diseased man should fail toget this book now, because it is sent free of any cost, and is notonly interesting and instructive, but tells men how to avoid diseases and weakness, the cause and cure, and how they can make theclimb of life with strength and health to wealth, honor, happiness, and why some men are failures, miserable; the completebook sent upon application, free, sealed, by mail.If in or near this city, take time to drop in our office that youmay have a complete, thorough and free Examination. No chargefor professional advice, either at office or by mail.Houbs : 9 to 12; 1 to 4. Sundays, 9 to 1. Three nights a week:Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nights, 7 to 8.SEND US THIS COUPON TODAY.CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST CO., 521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati: "Dr. Dolle and Associate Specialists: Please forward me your Book, asauvciiibeu, lite.NAMEiigumiBhffrADDRESS ". TUnHfHT.(This Book will not be sent unless you mention this newspaper.)Fr.No Patient Charged More Than What He is Glad and Willing To PayWe simply want the opportunity of showing every man suffering from INFECTION, BLOOD POISON, SKIN DISEASES, NERVOUSNESS, RHEUMATISM,KIDNEY AND BLADDER COMPLICATIONS, ENLARGED VEINS (WEAKBLOOD VESSELS), WEAK ORGANS, that he can only be made strong by andthrough the blood stream; also, that no "salves," suspensory bandages, washes toapply night and morning, or gallons of "dope" taken internally or externally willCURE VARICOCELE, HYDROCELE, PILES and STRICTURE, but that OURMETHOD, without knife or danger to life in any way,' will CURE IN ONETREATMENT one visitr-and the patient leaves this institute CURED. lor life,We knovr that we can give him new life, new hope, and restore him back to healthand happiness. We know that every man will pay after we have eliminated everytrace of disease from his system, therefore we say to all diseased men test ourtreatment at OUR EXPENSE until you are satisfied to pay our very smallcharges besides all sufferers should bear in mind this important matter; HEREthey get the attention not only of Dr. Dolle personally, but of several SPECIALISTSin each case without extra charge. What ONE of US does not know, some ofthe other associated STAFF DOES. Our practice is large, our cures are scatteredall throughout this great city, this state and neighboring states; our Institute hereis as finely and completely equipped as money will make it. We offer diseased menall that a reputation of almost a score of years experience in this city carries withit, honesty, reliability, skill, and all for a very moderate charge, in reach of any andall sufferers. Fill out the coupon above or call today. Don't wait until "tomorrow."NO MONEY REQUIRED TO COMMENCE TREATMENT. Address or call onCINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST CC'CcSfc) 521 Walnnt'St.steHSfeiiaMBasaBaraigwaBBqBggjTbL.V!nSENTLErIANSSHOESi3S3S2TFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoes Ihave slcod for true j!economy to the man mof moderate means; ISand to the man of Egwealth, the best that.M vU U..r A7A KiklLKJllKZy V.UU1U UUji TT Care sole agents for reyParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and Gun aMetal, now ready for inspection.M 'WillSuperior Enow. Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It willpost you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etcSuperior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers.". Insist onSuperior.Uaioa Trast BuiMing, Cincinnati, O.Justus CoIIum, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co.iiSOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky.wmmmrmiJob PrintingWORK DONE .WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Che!ap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B RGOflps OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILIHFAnc . -LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.;- Vv r r ;: f yz-t vLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is- new and modernfaces.ZH Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.Vuiiimumiuimy heart out of me. 'THE BOURBON EWS, .PARIS,- KENTUCKY, OCT, 24, i911.'M , mmDEATHS.!r1-yitmmt A'riJLAUrJIlAPI, mkaio a uu.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYfiave You Seen Our Displayof Dew Velvet Suits?More Charming and Attractive Outer Garments Are Notto be Procured Anywhere.We're enthusiastic over the wonderfully interestingassortment of rich and handsome Velvet Suits that we'vegathered here for your approval, and we're quite certainthat you will share in our enthusiasm when you view themand try them on personally so that you can properly judgeof their becomingness.Velvet is undoubtedly the most popular novelty material of the season, and since the fashionable women of NewYork adopted it so widely, a great demand has developedsor it.It makes a truly rich and elegant costume that maymay be used with equal propriety for street Jand eveningwear. In addition to its handsome appearance it is durable, and will render excellent services.We're showing a broad variety of the Velvet dressesmade by one of the country's best manufacturers. Thequality is splendid, the workmansnip of an expert character, and fit and satisfaction assured.New Displays of Reversible Coats. Late Modelsin Serge and Broadcloth Dresses. Exclusive Designs at Moderate Prices. A Splendid Quality,Long, Pony Fur Coat at $55. Children's Coats andDresses in Great Variety.After an illness of forty-eighthours of meningitis Mr. R,obret E.Forsyth, aged 56 years, died at hishome in Louisville Thursday morningat 4 :30 o'clock. He was born nearMillersburg, but left Paris abouttwenty-five years sgo to locate inLouisille, where he has since made his jhome. !; At the time of his death Mr. Forsythwas engaged in the insurance business,which he entered following his withdrawal from the thoroughbred businesstwo years ago. He was one of thebest known horsemen on the turf.He is survived by his wife, who before marriage was Miss Theresa Under-i wood, and two children, Mrs. PearlSmith, of : Memphis, lenn., and Mr.Courtney J. Forsyth, who is now iacing a stable at Seattle, Wash. Mr.Forsyth was a brother of Mr. Jos. Forsyth, of Washington, D. C, and a halfbrother of Mr. Mason Forsyth, of Kiserton, this county. The late Col. A.T. Forstyh, of Paris, was also a brother of the deceased. The funeral washeld in Louisville Friday morning.Mrs. Sena Mark aged 68 years,died Sunday morning at six o'clock ather home on Mt. Airy avenue after anillness which extended over a periodoftwo years. Mrs. Mark was thewidow of the late John Mark, whoprceeded her to the grave two yearsago.Mrs. Mark is survived by two daughters, Mrs. James Rye, of this cityand Mrs. Martha Crump, who residesnear Millersburg. The funeral washeld at the residence yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'colck, conducted by Elder J. T. Sharrard. The burial tookplace in the Paris cemetery.Following were the pallbearers:English Anderson, C. M. Thomas, E.B. January, W. Ed Tucker, W. H. H.Johnson, Pearce Paton, Russell Maun,James H. 'Haggard, Wm. Rion andDr. Frank Fithian.K7 JiA IHfEMBRY'S-A Store of IndPiMATRIMONIAL.-SPIkKaufman, Straus & 6o.LEXINGTON, KY.Mr. Heiman Margolen announcesthe engagement of his daughter, MissKosa Margolen, to Mr. Joseph Baum,of Chickisha, Okla. The wedding willtake place in January.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Straus, 'of 1506Lincoln avenue, East Walnut Hills,Cincinnati, announce the engagementof their daughter, Miss Hazel, to Mr.Harry SaloBhin, of Paris. No cards.Mrs Thomas Johnson, of Mt Sterling, announces the engagement of herdaughter, Miss Susette Johnson, to Mr.FrankB. Perry. feThe wedding willtake place in the early winter. MissJohnson is widely known In socialcircles throughout the Blue Grass andhas frequently visited in this city.BIRTHS.Born, Saturday morning, to thewife of Chas. Burns a daughter, thirdborn.JAttractive Novelties.Suitale for holiday gifts.MISS JESSIE BROWN.GreatReductionSalne.Suits, Coats, Skirts, Dressesand Waists.KM!As the Autumn of the Season is Progressing and WithOur Brand New Stock We will Of ter ForTuesday, Wednesdayf and Thursday,A October 24, 25 and 26, the following:$10-00$10.00$7.50$3.9898cSuits in all-wool lined with guaranteed satin in mannish cloth,broadcloth and serge in all colors, worth $20 J.Long black coats as well as mixtures,worth $20 1NDresses of newest styles and colors,worth $12.50 1Skirts in all-wool in all colors,worth $8.50 1.mp j,?Shsrt waists in new designs with lace collars andcuffs, worth $2linen collars a'ndAlterations Free.JjUinwomenswearJWFANY STYLES, but not many of a style. That is the rulehere. The very feature of ready-to-wear garments that madethem possible and popular is the feature that, in careless hands, caninjure that popularity. Large production gives low prices, but italso leads to different "sameness" a danger that we avoid.Even the plainest tailor-made suit here has a certain individuality of its own. It has the custom-made touches. Every womanknows the marks that distinguish -the custom-made from the factorymade garment. She will recognize those marks in Embry Suits.We quote the opinion expressed by three out of every five visitors to the garment department, when we say that Lexington hasnever seen a better collection of suits and costumes.The classification of the stock is as follows:Tailored Suits, t ;Fancy Suits,Reversible Suits,Afternoon Gowns,Evening Gowns,Dancing Frocks.For this week's selling we have two brilliantexamples of moderate pickingTailor-Made SuitsSimilar in styles as worn by theWomen in fashiondom. The line ismade up largely in fine worsteds,Scotch goods and English mixtures.Only one model to a pattern.$30 to $45Crepe Meteor FrocksMade of deep, soft, rich crepemeteor, of guaranteed quality.Effective enough for reception ormatinee, but not too ornate for thestreet. Colors: Black, navy, green,combination, brown.$30 to $50THE MILLINERY PARLORS!Ave replete with new and acceptable models in both tailored and' dressy hats. Some entirely different ideas willbe presented this week.7EMBRY & C0.MAIN STREET-LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.vidual and Distinctive Style $HWT2VK -1 i gChamp Clark to Lecture Tonight Former Parisian Is HonoredHon. Champ Clark will deliver a:lecture at the court house tonight ateight o'clock under the auspices of theMorehead Lyceum bourse. The subject of this distinguished American onthis occasion will be "The UnitedStates of America in the TwentiethCentury," which has met with muchfavorable comment, both from thepress and public. From present indications a large crowd will greet Mr.Clark as this attraction is one of theleadng numbers of the course. JjTicketscan be secured for the lecture tonightby calling Prof. A. H. Morehead atthe office of the Templeman fiano Co.on Main street.vA. M. DOCorner 5th and MainMB9Both Phones 129Valuable Lots at Auction.Two vauable building . lots 50xlU0feet, the property of the Ranson heirs,will be exposed to public sale this afternoon at 2 o'clock. Lots front onMain street and the only lots on themarket in this part of the town. Agreat opportunity to secure a homesite.HARRIS & SFEAKES.At the annual session of the Mississippi Valley Medical Society held inNashville last week, Dr. Louis Frank,of Louisville, the son of Mrs. JuliaFrank, of this city, was elected to thepresidency of the Society. Dr. Frankis one of the most prominent surgeonsof the country, and his selection tothis position over so many prominentphysicians, members of the society, isquite an honor.Attend the Ranson Lot Sale.Two lots the property of the Ransonheirs will be sold to the highest bidder this afternoon at 2 o'clock. Thelots are 55x200 feet faciner on Mainstreet and are the only vacant lots in ', Talbott will sing "The Oceanathat section of the city now on themarket.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Talbott Feature at Comet.As a special feature at the Cometthe management has engaged Missb lorence Talbott as vocalist and shbmade her first appearance here yesterday. Miss Talbott proved a drawingcard at the Princess and Star theatersin Lexington and comes here after anengagement in Memphis.Her first appearance here met withthe approval of the patrons of theComet, with whom she made an instantaneous hit. Her number yesterdaydelighted trie auaiences and her firstefforts here proved quite a success.Following is the program for the weekat the Comet, every pictrue a featureevrey song a hit:Tuesday"The. Higgenses vs. thejuasons" ana "tier HacriHp.e " MfoaRolk"Bijlk Oysters, seal shipped,first of the season. -" GEO. RASSENFOSS.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Malaga Grapes.The finest malaga grapes you everl saw, just recived,I 24 2t sauer:vveanesaaj "ine Crusader" andThe Keponpr." Miss Tablott willsing "The Reuben Rag."Thursday "The Jollier" and "TheQuaker Mother." Miss Talbott willsing "Land of Harmony."Friday "Courage of Sorts" andThe Little Rebel." Miss Talbottwill sing "He's Comincr Back."Saturday-"Tested By the Flag' andJimmy's Trick".sing "I Can't Live Without a GiMiss Talbott will ftrl." nFeld's Good Shoes.. At David Feld's you get the bestvariety of shoes, fiTHE' BOURBON NEWS,-' PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 24 1911.-3(ilii BOUPwBON SEWS.!ug&vyALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGEnsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODfORD.Master Commissioner's Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday for Master Comissioner Mann 31acres of unimproved land near RuddlesMills belonging to the estate of Mrs.Eva Endicott, to Roy Endicott for $68per acre.Crocheting.N ew books just in for thread andyarn crocheting and knitting.MISS JESSIE BROWN. 1Farm Sold.Mr. J. W. Knox bought this weekfrom Mr. E. W. Ammerman of Harrison county, his farm containing 136acres situated on the Cynthiana pike,about two miles below Millersburg at$125 per acre. The sale was made byEals & Pe.teroon, of Cynthiana.Lots at Auction Today.The two lots of the Ranson heirs onMain street 50x200 feet will be sold atpublic auction today at 2 o'clock p. mAttend the sale. A splendid investmentcr en ideal site for a home.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Home Made Candy.Miss Holladay's home made candieson saie at Bruce Holladay's. Freshevery day. 20 3tHickman's Examining TrialToday.The examining trial of Dr. BfnHickman, colored, charged with killing Dave Robinson, in this city a weekago labt night, will be held this morning at 10 o'clock. Hickman will berepresented by Attorney Emmett M.Dickson.Window Glass.Now is the time to put in windowglass. Our stock is complete.FORD & CO.To the Public.I guarantee the performance of"Beverly" at the Paris Grand l tonightto ne by far the best attraction seenin Paris for years. A complete scenicproduction, gorgeous costumes and acast of all star actors, it is a production the excellence of which is rarelyseen in a town the size of Paris. Asa help to me in securing this class ofshows I earnestly ask your patronagetonight.R. S. PORTER.Sausage Time.Look over your sausage mill andlard press and get needed repairs now.FORD & CO.Remodeling Old Church Property.Remodeling of the old Christianchruch property at the corner ofEighth and Main streets recently leased by the firm of Stuart & O'Brien,will begin in a few days. ArchitectIS. Stamler, of Lexington, is drawingthe plans for the new addition on Mainstreet. It has not been fully decidedwhether the building will be one or twos'orips. Scales for weighing coal willbe installed on Seventh street and other improvements made.McCIure & Clcndcnin writefire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Cut Glass.Many new shapes and cuttings inrich cut j-'lass at ridiculously lowprices.FORD & CO.Dr. Dudley Not a Candidate.To the voters of Paris :I take this method of saying to thevoters of Paris that I am not a canci-!date for the office of Councilman fiomtie first ward of Paris, Ky. My narrewas put before the Repbulican CityCommittee without my knowledge andI was selected by them to make therace. I have been out of the city f .rthe past ten days and knt-w nothing ofthe meeting referred to above. Iparticipated in the kst Democraticprimary and of ccurse could not consider ace pting th ncmination ormaking the race. RespectfullyW. K. DUDLEY.Bulk Oysters, seal shipped,first of the season.GEO. RASSENFOSS.SeeHinton First.See J. T. Hinton's comforts andblankets before you buy.Cold Weather Necessities.Coal vases, coal hods, fire shovelsand pokers.FORD & CO.Buys Drug Store.Mr Chas E. Butler has purchasedthe Jo. 11 Drug Store in Carlisle andwill continue the business at the samestard, opposite the court house. Mr.Butler will leave nothing undone tcmake this one of the best drug storerii Centrjl Kentucky. His sen, Chas.E. Butler, Jr., and wife have movtd toCarlisle and will hsve charge of thestore. Chas. E. Butle-. Jr.. was forsjroe time deputy circuit clerk and byhis plessant agreeable manner madefriends of all with whom he came incontact, and we feel sure his large circle of friends here w ill join with us invi"hing him success among the goacJ1 to. le of Carlisle and Nichcks county.regsmAt MEKTm-M.s. Y L. R beit3 is ill at Kerhome on LiUecton avenue.Judee Uenis Dundon was indexing on Satarday en Lusiness.Mrs. R. K McCarr.ey is imprcvirg after an illness ct two weeks.Editor Green Keller, of Catlisle,was a visitor in the city yesteiday.Rev. Dr. Geo. Varden has returned from a visit to friends in Carlisle.Miss Kate Alexander entertained afew friends informally Friday evening.Dr. W. K. Dudley returned Saturday night from a ten days' stay atSwango Springs.Mrs. Edgar Tingle and chilrdenand Miss Ellen Henry are in Louisvillefor a short visit.Mrs. M. H. Davis, of Mavslink. isvisiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Wm.Hukill in this city.Mr. John Lytle, of Cincinnati,visited his narents. Mr. and Mrs. n.G. Lytle, Sunday.Mr. J. V. Lytle, of Mayaville.was inParis Sunday visiting his son, O. ' G.Lytle, and family.Mrs. Elizabeth Snell, cf Gallup,New Mexico, is visiting her father,Mr. Samuel Ewalt.Mrs. Fred Olson and children, ofGeorgetown.Jwtre guests of Dr. ClaraB. Matthews Friday.Mr. Thadius Dykes is ill at thehome of his daughter, Mrs. ClaiborneBrovvr, on Nineteenth street.Mrs. Frank Burns, who has beenill for several weeks with typhoidfever was able to be out Friday.Mrs. Julia Frank and daughter,Miss Helen Frank, arrived Sundaynight from a four months stay abroadMr. Clyde Huffman, of Huntington, W. Va., is visiting his parents,Mr. and Airs. J. W. Huffman, in thiscity.Mrs. H.H. Hancock and daughter,Miss Frances Hancuck, have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cleveland,Tenn.Miss Helen Desha, a student atHamilton College, Lexington spentfrom Friday to Monday with relativesin this city.Miss Puss Rogers, of Columbus,O., arrived Saturday for a visit to Mr.and Mrs. Thomas McDonald on SouthMain street.Mr. and Mrs. Alex Tingle havemoved to the Stivers pruperty onFifteenth street, formerly odcupied byMr. and Mrs. Grover Baldwin.Miss Mary Pherigo, who has beenthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Merrimee on Houston avenue, .has returnedto her home in Kissimee, Fla.Mrs. B. A. Frank is the guest ofher sister, Mrs. John Barns, in MLSterling. Mrs. Barns will entertain inhonor of Mrs. Frank tomorrow.Mr. Jesse McLean, of San Francisco, is visiting in the city. He reports all the old Paris boys who arelocated on the coast as doing well.Mrs. J. S. Sweeney left Friday forBaltimore, Md., to visit her son, ElderWm. E. Sweeney, who has charge ofone of the Christian churches in thatcity.Mrs. W. A. Morris has moved fromSeventh street to the Perry house onPleasant street between Sever.th andEighth where she will conduct a rooming house.Miss Mildred Lisle, who has beenthe guest for several day of Mr. andMrs. D. C. Lisle, returned yesterdaytofMargaret College, Versailles, whereshe is a student.Mrs. Frank Baker, of Lexington,and Mrs. Sam Wornall and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Wornall, of KansasCity, Mo., are guests of Mrs. FrankP. Clay, near Paris.Mrs. Withers Davis, Mrs. AmosTurney, Jr., and Miss Mary FithianHutchcraft attended a Chi Omegaluncheon given at the Phoenix Hotelin Lexington Saturday.Dr. J. H. Baldwin, President ofthe State Beard of Dental Examinersand Ur. W. S. Smith, of Louisville,were guests several days last week ofDr. M. H. Dailey in this city." Mr. and Mrs. Cal Holt, of GrandKapids, Mich., Mrs. Henry Holt,Misses Josephine, Elizabeth and KateBell, Mrs. W. E. Simms and MissLucy Simms composed a motor partyto Lexington Saturday.Major Robert Winn, who has beenthe guest for several weeks of Mr.and Mrs. James McCIure, left yesterday for the Phillipine Islands wherehe will resume his duties in the United States Army.Little Miss Rebecca Purnell, thelittle daughter of Mr. and Mra. L. B.Purnell entertained yesterday a number of her ilttle friends with a birthday dinner at her home on Mt. Airyavenue, in honor of her sixth birtnday. The dance given by the SterlingDancing Club at the Elks Hall labtWednesday evening was one of themost delightful events of the fall season. The music was furnished byMessrs. Harry Beveridge and JuilanHowe. Those present were Misssiviargaret noiietan, Fort Worth. Texas:Genivieve Conway, Winchester; EileenSchwartz, Julia Woods, Mary Woods,Margaret Shea, Elizabeth Gregory,Rosina Elder, Mary Brannon, MaryRassenfo?s. Nellie Schwartz, Mrs.Jcfn McCarthy, Mrs Ed Rrsonoss,Mes rs Lo Ktllei, Chss. MiCarhy.Wn. Clsrk, Rtteit ?hen, Jan.it s lliggiVp, Clarence Wethtrpll, GeorgeFritz, I xmi'-! p ; Gforge Do 1, TomR-ce. John McCarthy ard Ed Hatsen-tcS.Champ Clark Tonight.No drubt one of the largest audiences ever in the cuurt house will bepresent tonight to hear Champ Clark.In order to avoid the rush and be assured a pood seat you should purchasrycur seat this morning at thp sto- ofthe Morrcsd Mu.-ic Cc, GOG Mainstreet.rANNOUNCEMENTWe Have Taken the Exclusive Agency for theWorld-Famous W-W-W PermanentlyGuaranteed RingFrom now on the men and women, boys and girls ofthis town will have an opportunity to buy a guaranteedset ring. This ring that we have on sale is made so wellthat the maket guarantees it.Each one is accompanied by a written guarantee thatdistinctly says that if a stone should come out it will bereplaced absolutely free at any time, or, if necessary, anew ring in its place.Just think what this me'ans to you people who wishto buy a set ring either for yourself or as a gift. Justthink what pleasure such a ring will give you, when youknow that the v stones are perfectly secure when youknow that no matter what happens to the ring or howlong it is worn it is guaranteed by the maker.These rings are here for your inspection in all thevarious birthstones. They are made for men, womenand children, and can be bought at prices from $2 up.WE WANT YOU TO SEE THESE RINGSSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers."The HouseL Both Phones.Bourbon Man Defendant in Suit.A damage suit to the amount of$15,000 was filed in the Fayette CircuitCourt Thursday by Mrs. Carrie D.Huffman, of Scott county, against J.Henry Huffman, of Fayette and Norman Huffman, of Bourbon, for allegedalienation of the affections of her husband, Willard Huffman.Mrs. Huffman, in her petition, statesthat the defendants wrongfully andmaliciously prejudiced the mind of herhusband against her during the monthsof August and September, by misrepresentation and deceit, which causedher husband to desert her on September 15, leaving for parts unknown, andto her care her infant children.Mrs. Huffman states that before herhusband left her he converted all hisproperty into cash with the exepetionof a house and lot in Newtown, Scottcounty.For These Cool Nights.A new lot of brass beds, comfortsand blankets just received at J. T.Hinton's.THEATRICAL."BEVERLY" -TONIGHT.George Barr McCutcheon has a fascinating way of writing along the veryedge of probability so that while hisbooks prove interesting and plausibleenough, when dramatized and concentrated they are infinitely more enthralling and natural. In this respect"Beverly" is the most admirable ofhis plays, being filled with harmonious transitions from amusing comedysituations to thrilling dramatic scenes.Although thtplay of "Beverly adheresclosely to the book, one need not haveread the novel in order to enjoy thedrama. Therein probably lies the chiefcause of its continued 'success and inthe broad appeal to all classes who delight in a well acted play of intrigue,love and laughter.Have you reserved your seat forthis excellent attraction? Sale atMitchell & Blakemore's.Irish Potatoes Cheap.Irish potatoes finest on th marketat 25 cents per peck for this week.Both phones 234.24 2fc T. C. LENIHAN.PUBLIC SALE.I will offer at public auction onCourt day, Monday, November, 7,1911, at my stock yards 15 good sows,most of them have pigs and the restare due to pig now.M. J. MURPHY.THE FAIR!4a Important Friday Sale ofReliable Merchandise.Regular 65c inverted Gas Lights,burners, globe and mantle, special,39c.Fine thin blown clear glass belltumbles, Friday only 20c a set. Pressed tumblers, dainty star cuttings,15c a set.Special in lace edge shelf paper, llinches wide and in all colors, 12 yardsin a piece, 2 pieces for 5c.Wall Paper at 49 Cents a Room.Ten bolts of paper and two rolls ofborder to match, over one hundredpatterns to select from at 49c a room.Supply your wants now. Patterns instock that cannot be duplicated againat the price.ITam's No. 2 cold blast lanbers,burns No. 2 wick, gives a strong,clear light, every guaranteed at 69ceach.Noodle Cutters 5 Cents EachAlarm clocks, 1.00 value, will run36 hours ao one winding; Friday only,59 cents.THEFAIRof Quality." ftmPhotograph of New Officers.The Louisville Courier-Journal ofFriday contained a half-tone pictrue ofthe new officers of the Eastern Star,chosen at the meeting of the GrandLodge of Masons held in Louisvillelast week. Among the group was Mr.Newton Simth, of Paris, who waselected to fill the office of WortnyGrand Patron. The likeness of Mr.Smith was an excellent one.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE;City Collector.Dolls!Do net fail to see our dolls. Lifesize Kestner dolls with natural hairiand eye brows. The new characterdolls and baby bumps in all sizes. Agood line of separate doll heads.MISS JESSIE BROWN.FOR RENT." New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.mrs. Elizabeth c. Rogers.-feJ. T. HINTON',-4-i -if. J4 .: "'. "r.J These Are Opening Days With Us. 'Our line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and bestselected in the history of our business, and consists of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets.Dress Goods. JThe new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &eVelvets For Suits and Dresses.White Corduroy, the Novelty. g'Our Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings The largest in this part of the State. J .W. Ed TuckerWE ARE READY FOR YOU gWIIt i n irees usnPotatoesIi Blackberry JamILenox SoapFEE'SLCOMFORTSIPANDBLANKETSKCIWT03ST!"ln -i mspecials.)Fancy NorthernStockPer Peck25c i10c:Per PoundPer Box.s -'UWft-v ''-f &er)i VJSpvCiA MV ?I$2.85 1t"" fi.j:u -!'' 9ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY OCT. 24, 1911.arraIBIG FIRE SALEEntire Stock ofCurtis Henry & Co.,Consisting of Groceries, Dry Goods, Notions,Queensware, Etc-Best Calico, per yd 4c Lenox Soap 3c barBest Dress Ginghams, per yd ...8 l-3c Argo Starch 2 boxes 5cMen's Fancy Shirts, $1 grade 68c Karo Syrup, 15c seller 9cMen's Fancy Shirts, 50c grade .3 8c Rrass Wash' Boards 25cLot of Work Shirts, 50c grade. .......38cAsparagus, 35c grade Mc50c Towels 38c prrt 20c Peas 15c25c Towels 19c pr15c Towels 10c 15c Peas : llc10c Towels 5c 25c CatsuP - 19cLot of Overalls at a bargain. Lot of $1 Lanterns 68cLadies, Gents and Children's Hose Lot of 50c Lanterns 35cat a great bargain. Lot of $1 dash-board Lanterns 68cHundreds of Other Things Too Numerous to Mention,but All Will be Sold Regardless of PriceSale Will be Conducted in the Templin Building,Near 14th Street. .We will soon be back in our old stand with a newand complete stock of everything.ICURTIS HENRY & COIAdministrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs. iW. W. Massie, are requested to calland settle at once. JThn?e havine claims aeainst the'estate will please present same properly proven according to law for payment to the undersigned.JAMES McCLURE, Administrator10 Ira of Mrs. W. W. Massie.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChecker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harriette Wells Allen, Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andIts the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.liyiP mm without JIPExTfti M a Victor? - iraSgljSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESPeople who 'don't own a Victor can't realize the amount ofhappiness they are missing. Just think of having in your homethe finest music in the world, played and sung by the greatestartists!The greatest singers," tile greatest orchestras, the greatest"bands, the greatest soloists and the greatest comedians yoursto enjoy whenever you wish.Why bother with poor singers anH hesitate about gettingall this enjoyment when you can have a Victor delivered to yourjhome today on easy monthly payments?". 4Vim in nA c1f unv ctvl $Trtnr nr HJirrnr-VirfrnTa vnn rfositvIjaO. $17.50. $25. $32.50. $40. $50, $60 .100 for aJVictor. . $75, $100, S1SO-.Victor-Victrolas, $15, $40, $50, $150 up.DAUGHERTY BROSI Reader Cures Kss Oeiisiipation Try ft FreeSimpli way fcr any family to retain the good health of all its marchersThe editors of "Health Hints" andQuestions and Answers" have onequestion that is put to them more often than any other, and whichstrangely enough, they find the mostdifficult to answer. That is "Howcan I cure my constipation?"m Dr. Caldwell, an eminent specialistin diseases of the stomach, liver andbowels, has looked the whole fieldover, has practised the specialty forforty years and is convinced that theingredients contained in what iscalled Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinnas the best claim to attention from-constipated people.Its success in the cure of stubbornconstipation has done much to dis-Oace the use of salts, waters, strongcathartics and such things. SyrupPepsin, by training the stomach andbowel muscles to again do their worknaturally, and with its tonic ingredients strengthening the nerves, bringsabout a lasting cure. Among itsstrongest supporters are Mr. JohnGraveline of 98 Milwaukee Ave., Detroit, Mich., and Mr. J. A. Vernon ofOklahoma City. Thousands of othersof both sexes have written to Dr.Caldwell telling of gratifying resultsIt can be obtained of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, orif you want to try it first a free sample bottle can be obtained by writingthe doctor.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.MT. STERLING COURT. Withthe cattle sold the latter part of lastweek there wer at least 10,000 cattleon the market, says the Advocate.Trade was so brisk that the scalescould not weigh stock as fast as theywere sold.. The best 1.0U0 pound steerssold at 5 cents, with bulk of salesaround 4 cents. Yearlings 4 1-2 cents,with some extra ones at 4 cents;heifers 3 cents to 4 1-4 cents; cowsS3 25 to S3.75; old cows and work oxenI 1-2 to 2 1-2 cents; a few 125 poundhogs at 5 cents. A large crowd at triepens and to say it was a busy one willhardly express the state of affairs. Itwas bustle the entire -ay. Some pensbeing rilled as many as three timesduring the day. It will take two daysat least to clear up the stock on hand.3 Buyers said that prices were toohigh, but Bales were as rapid as wehave ever seen in this market.The Burley Tobacco Society annoucned Friday that it had about 1,500acres of tobacco signed up by thegrowers of Kentucky under the tenyear pooling contract adopted by thatbody at a recent meeting held in Lexington. The entire crop of tobacco in theGreen River Ditsrict has been cut andhoused, and, while the crop 'is considered a short one it is estimated thatfullys30,000,000 pounds of tboaccohavebeen housed. It is in fine conditionowing to the fact that up to this timethere has been no frost. This is unusually late in the month for 'no frostI I have happened and has materiallyassisted the farmers.Day wood & McClintock shippedlast week to the Pittbsurg marketthree carloads of cattle that were purchased at six cents per pound.Mr. Thomas Jfci. Tarr purchased ofW. G. McClintock thirty head of 950poun catle at 5 cents per pound and $1per head.W. G. McClintock shipped lastweek to the Cincinnati markstone carload of hogs which were purchased inthis county at 5 3-4 cents per pound. gNine carloads of thoroughbredsvalued at 205,000 were recently shipped from Kentucky to tne farm ofi Irving K. Wheatcroft, Milven, Austra-, lia, to be used for breecing purposes.! H. N. Rankin, of Cailisle, shippedj recently three carloads of yearling1 mules to buyers in Pennsylvania, onej carload to Tennessee and one to Maryilard. The value of the mules was in, excess of $20,000.-Mesrss. J. S. and W. R. Estill, of1 T exington, have purchased of McCurdtBros., of Lowndsboro, Tenn., theJ great trotting stallion. The Tramp,i 'Inc Tramp in by Jay Bird, who for son any years was the monarch oiJMapleI hurst Stock Farm, of near this city,andw as out of Sorrento. Five yearsago he was sold at auction in Lexing, lonjand has proved to be a promising'fire through the performance of whisget.j-MMMMMMMMgMMMMMfc-MMMMiMMMMMMjjggjgiMIMBMBilMMWlMMi rsInternational GasolineENGINESr iji!&S- SAll Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.COTPBRH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only' dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure becausft it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andtn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Cc,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.ThFree ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies' Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call atNever Out oi Work.The busiest little thing pver madeare Dr. King's New Life Pills. Everypill is a sugar-coated glocule of healththat changes weaknebs into strength,languor into edegy, brain fag intomental power; curing constipation,headace, chills dyspepsia, malaria.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.King of Montgomery, the sensational three year old saddle stallonowned by Bridges Bros., of Mt. Sterling, died suddenly last week. Thehorse was sired by Bourbon Chief and$2,500 had been refused for himcently. He was valued at $5,000.re-Women in Business.Women are now engaged in all buttwo of the $03 gainful occupations ofthe men of this country.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky'fyjfirAiArVJ.jRnnie EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669Saved His Mother's Life."Four doctors had given me up.''writes Mrs. Laura Gaines, of Avoca,La., "and my children and all myfriends were looking for me to die,when my son insisted that I use Electric Bitters. I did so and they havedone me a world of good. I will always prise them." Electric Bittersis a priceless blessing to women troubled with fainting and dizzy spells,backache, headache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney disorders. Use them and gain new healthstrength and vigor. They're guaranteed to satisfy or money refunded.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Day Trip to St Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8:20 a. m.-, direct connection is madewith the B. &. O. S-W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noondaily, arriving St. Louis at eighto'clock same evening. 'Ihis train carries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction."Parlor cars, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSt. Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S-W.St. Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. ra., 9 a. ra. end 9:15 p.m. daily except Sunday. Night trainshave electric lighted sleeping carswith individual bertn lights. For information aH to fares and other particulars consult your ln:al ticket agentor addressS. T. SEELif.T. P. A B. & O. S-W. R. R.,513 TractionJ31dg.,Cincinnati, Ohio.Notice of Election.Notice is hereby piven that therewill be on Tuesday after the first Mondayi'n November, 1911, which is November 7, 1911, an election held whichwas o-dered by the Bourbon CountyCourt on August 3, 1911, for the purpose of taking the sense of the legalvoters in the Precinct of ClintonvilleNo 1, upon the question as to whetheror not cattle or any species thereofshall be permitted to run at large insaij precinct.A. S. THOMPSON,Sheriff Bourbon County.Oct 17, 24, 27, 31.Bloodine Ttchingan& BleedingOintment Piles, Tsoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen. Gaffnev. S. C. savs: "I havused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find it ia most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, AgentMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties,E. Tenn. Thone 716.NOTICE.To Whom it May Concern :Notice is hereby given that theundersigned, who has been convictedin the Bourbon County Court for theoffense of carrying concealed weapons,will, onjor after October 28, 1911, ap-piy to tne uovernor ot the state for afull pardon for the offense.O. H. PETERS.Paris, Ky., October 14, 1911.CITYTAXESFOF 1911ADMINISTRATOR'S NOTICE.Notice is hereby given that theundersigned has qualified as the administrator of the estate of M. H.Current, deceased, and all persons having claims against said estate will present the same properly proven to theundersigned.All .persons owing said estate arehereby notified to pay the same to theundersigned administrator.E. B. CURRENT, Administrator,537 Columbia avenue,6 ct H Lexington, Ky.Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity CollectorI.;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 24 1911GIPT APPRECIATED.THEATRICAL.m,Msm9mmym9msmsmmsmmywsm1Committee Appointed by Paris CilyCouncil Suitably Expresses it'sHigh Appreciation of the Gift bythe Late Mrs. A. E. Hassle ofHer Home for Establishing aHospital Preliminary Steps Necessary Before Bequest is Avail-' able.The Special Committee appointed bythe Paris City Council authorizes thefollowing report to be published :' The undersigned committee has madeinvestigation in compliance with thefollowing resolution which was passedat a recent meeting of the City Council:"Whereas, Mrs. W. W. Massie hasbequeathed to the City of Paris herhome on Vine Street, and certainmonies, for the purpose of establishinga public hospital,"Therefore, be it resolved, that thisCouncil hereby express its appreciation and gratitude for this magnanimousact and its willingness to comply withthe conditions imposed upon the city."Also, that the Mayor be directed toappoint a committee to confer with theadministrator of the estate and takesuch steps as may by necessary to obtain legal possession of the property.' 'We find that the bequest is made insdch terms and on such conditions as"will make it impossible to take anyfurther action until the Circuit Courtshall instruct the administrator as tothe interpretation of certain clauses ofthe will bearing on some alterations ofthe property and the appointment of asuccessor to Mr. R. J. Neely, whoalone was named as a committee totake charge of these alterations.The city has no means at it's disposal for such purposes with which tomeet the provision of the will requiring the city to appropriate $5,000 forthe establishment of the hospital.The city officials will, however, findsome means to care for this conditionuntil the appropriation can be legallymade.It is to regretted that any delay isnecessary and that there cannot beshown at once substantial evidence ofthe appreciation of this gift as well asthe good will of this surviving son andrelatives who are much interested inthe carrying out of this bequest.In giving this beautiful and valuablehome Mrs. Massie has shown unusualinterest in the public welfare of thiscommunity and has with exceptionalgenerosity added a much needed institution which merits the deepest gratitude of every citizen of Paris andBourbon County. Mr. and Mrs. Massiein their own quiet and unostentatiousway have giyen to us what has been sosadly needed tor many years and hasuntil now seemed far from attainment.It would be a fitting tribute to theirgracious philanthiopy that the citizensshould subscribe an endowment sufficient to insure the permanency of thisinstitution as a perpetual monument tothe memory of these esteemed andlamented benefactors so that countlessgenerations might know and enjoy theirgood deed.W. O. HINTON,C. A. MCMILLAN,Special Committee.Medical Society Adopts Resolutions.At a meeting of the Bourbon CountyMedical Society held on the evening ofOctober 17, 1911, the following actionwas taken upon the bequest of Mrs.W. W. Massie and her generous gift tothe people of this community:It has possibly occurred to some ofthe people of the city and county thatthere has been an indifference on thepart of the medical profession in nothaving made suitable recognition ofthat part of Mrs. Massie'e will whichpaved the way for a hospital in onrmidst. There has not been an intentional oversight upon the part of theprofession at all. During the summermonths we have had no society meeting, and a few of the local membershardly cared to act for the entire body.Resolved, then, that we, the members of the Bourbon County MedicalSociety, do most profoundly sympathizewith the immediate relatives andfriends of her whose noble charity hasbeen so bounteously exemplified in hergift to our community.Resolved, that we appreciate fully thehigh sentiments wEich actuated herconduct ahd that as a body we will always revere her memory.Resolved, further, thai we are deeply sensible of our obligations and atany moment are willing to cooperatewith those having authority to act andlend our earnest efforts to the early. 4 has made positive an uncertainty.Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be published in tne county papersand sent to Mr. W. C. Massie. the sonof the deceased.Respectfully,Dr. Frank Fithian,Dr. A. H. Keller,Dr. Lot Henry,Committee on Resolutions.FOR RENT.The West end of the desirable storeroom fronting on Fifth street, recently vacated by the Paris postoffice 30feet front, running back about 25 feet.Propprty newly painted throughout.Located near interurban station.Immediate possession. Apply toBOURBON BANK & TRUST CO.PUBLIC SALETo be sold publicly on premises thetwo desirable building lots fronting onVirginia avenue in Bourbon Heights,will be sold to the highest and bestbidder on Thursday atfernoon, October26, at 2:30 o'clock.BOURBON HOSPITAL LEAGUE.ueo. p. Speakes, Auctioneer.Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tubs is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused bycatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannol be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free. F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.bold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. TAY PAYFRS' NOTICE.Pay yoar City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.Burgoo .at Lexington Thursday.Plans ha?e been prefected for theformal launching of the ten year pooling plan recently adopted by the Executive Board of the Burley TobaccoSociety and the event will be aupsiciously observed on Thursday, October26 when a big burgoo will he held inLexington.President Ed A. Tipton has grantedpermission to the Society to use thefair ground for the purpose, and toget together the Ito'bacco growers ofthe bet in one grand rally, and to ascertain the general opinion to the tenyear plan, and to the establishment ofa tobacco factory under the control ofthe society in Lexington.From the repotts that are going intoLexington from all sections of theBurley growing district where the planis being promoted, there will be arceord breaking crowd in attendanceas the growers are said to be showinggrpat interest in the ten year plan.- There will be a host of good speakers on hand, E.nd oratory will flow inas great profusion as the burgoo..Those who have accepted invitationsto address the multitudes on this occasion Col. John R. Allen, Geo. R.Hunt, John Stucky, C. H. Berryman,Judge Charles Kerr, William Worthington, J. Tandy Ellis, J. W. Porter,George Bain, Mat Walton, Col. Selby,W: P. Kibmall, John H. Flood S. J.Roberts, Desha Breckinridge, Ed Bassett, L G. Cox, William Threlkeld,Mayor John Skain, of Lexington; W.A. Byron, L. H. Willis, M. H. Bourne,Wilson D. Crabb. Senator W. O. Bradley, A. O. Stanley, A. M. Cox, Cynthiana;J. M. Stephenson, Winchester;Robert C. Talbott, Paris ; Dr. JohnLewis, Georgetown; W. O. Davis,Versailles. Senator Bailey, of Texas,baa been invited and may be cne ofthe speakers."GET RICH QIJICK WALLINGFORD." At the Lexington Opera House Friday, October 27, matinee and night theattraction will be Geo. M. Cohan sbiggest comedy .success, "Get RichQuick Wallingford," whih comes toLexington almost direct from its runof to seasons in New York andChicago, shattering all records forlong runs for a non-muiscal plav bothin in the Eastern and Western metropolis. Millions of readers are acquainted with the Walingford stories byGeorge Randolph Chester which havebeen appearing in the popular magazines, and it is this financial buccaneer, though rejuvenated and refined,that Cohan has taken for his centralfigure in a comedy whose subtle irony,keen humor and illuminating expoistion of human nature stamp it as thebrightestjwork of modern stage humor.Every visitor to New York orChicago during the past two seasonshas at least tried to see "Get RichQuick Wallingford," and its engagement in the various large cities is being advertised by thousands who haveenjoyed the play and declare it thebest comedy they ever saw."Get Rich Quick Wallingford, "asidefrom keeping the audience continuously laughing, teaches the moral that ifthe average crook would devote halftne amount of ingenuity and energyto legitimate enterprise that .he doesto unlawful schemes, he would findreal fortune and success.The cast selected by Mr. Cohan toenact his comedy includes the namesof John Wesbter, Wm. H. Forestelle,Ethel riunt, James H. Manning, JohnD. O'Hara, Hunius Mathwes, Chas.H. Wilson, Jay C. Yore, Mary Murphy,Marjorie Foster, Florence Dunlap, EllaSothern. Margaret Macly, Arthur V.Gibson E. A. Caklins, Chas. B. Hanlin, Yoshin Siakurai, Abner Simmons,William Waclott, Milton B. Pollockand others."THE GIRL, IN THE TAXI.""The Girl in the Taxi' the greatestlaughing success of the century, comesto the Lexington Opera House Wednesday, matinee and night. "The Girl inthe Taxi" was originally produced inBerlin and afterwards in Paris. Inboth cities it created a sensation andran for more than one thousand nights."MADAME SHERRY.""Madame Sherry" is coming to Lexington. Everything faimliar with .thebig success of this attraction will rejoice in the announcement. Most playgoers are cognizant of the rare privileges inferred in an announced opportunity to witness this musical sensation of a'generation. The.performancethere will be matinee and night, nextThursday, October 26.Yarns.A beautiful line of staple and fancyyarns with painted decoiations forknitting and crocheting.MISS JESSIE BROWN.,.Look at This New't '; - Easy WayFor You to Get and to Carry .The Best Old Line LegalReserve Life InsuranceIt's So Easy that you don't have to put up a single dollar,or even a note, in advance, to get all you want.tYou simply make out your applicationfor any amount of insurance you wantfrom $500 up, just as you would anystrong, reliable company. IThe company then writes out yourpolicy and delivers it to you without yourhaving to put up anything in advance.With it the company gives you absolutely free one of its little insurance savings banks. And this is where the easypart comes in for carrying all the instance you want without missing the money.Out of your odd penny change youdrop into this little bank 2 cents a day foreach $500 and you thus keep your insurance in full force, payable to your familyor estate immediately on death notice, eventhough you die the next minute after thefirst payment goes in.Beats the old way, doesn't it?-Centsa day jgr&gets f&mtm$500 illiiI IIP !and youwill nevermiss theMoneyThis is the Bank youget FREE.Size 3x4 1-2x1 1-2The Inter-Southern is a clean, strong,progressive Kentucky Company, meetingwith every insurance law requirement.It has on deposit in the KentuckyState Treasury, invested in gilt-edge securities and cash in bank, eleven times moremoney than the law requires for protectionof its policy-holders.It invests its income in its home Statewhere it will do its home people the mostgoodIt is erecting a new $1,000,000 officein Louisville, now.And has the money in the bank to payfor it.It pays every claim promptly on proofof death.It has written and delivered more oldline insurance in the city of Louisville thisyear than all other companies combined.And You Even Get Free InsuranceIn case you should become totally or permanently disabled. No matter howlong the disability lasts, The Inter-Southern will pay your premiums for you,FREE, without deducting a single cent from the face value of your policy, orit will pay so much each year in cash during such disability.flEJ Insurance for the price fll i ?or ess an tie9 of a postage stamp. p mMJJ cost of a Coca-Cola.NO COLLECTORS, NO PAYING A YEAR Ir4 ADVANCE, NO INCONVENIENCE IN ANY WAY,And It's So Handy.Suppose You Fill Out and Mail in the Coupon below Right Now For One of the Free Banksand a Sample of This Very Liberal Policy.Inter-Southern LifeInsurance Co.Kentucky's Chan, Strong, ProgressiveLife Insurance CompanyiiCOUPONBranch Office, Inter-Southern Life Insurance Co., 8C3Lexington City National Bank, Lexington, Ky.Without 'cost or obligation on my part, send me yourFree Insurance Savings Bank and Sample Policy.Name 4AddressStreet and Nob. x.JnlMHniEinargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. Iiwmmamtmm" iHSPLOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "T,he"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactory Jpurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162Agent.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Bad SpellsMidnight in the Ozarksand yefc sleepless Hiram Scranton, ofClay City, 111. , coughed and coughed.He was in the mountains on the advice of five doctors, who said he hadconsumption, but found no help inthe climate and started home. Hearing of Dr. King's New Discovery, hebegan to use it. 'I believe it savedmvlife,'' he writes, "for it made anew man of me so that I can now dogood work again. " For - all lung disease, coughs, colds, lagrippe, asthma,cioup, whooping cough, hay fever,hemorrhages, hoarseness or quinsyits the best known remedy. Price 50cand 1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Keep In the Valley."People who make mountains outof molehills," said the Observer ofEvents and Things, "never get up onthe mountains, so to speak."Kicked by a Mad Hors e.Samuel Birch, of Beetown, Wis.,had a narrow escape from losing hisleg, as no doctor could head thefrightful sore that developed, but atlast Bucklen's Arnica Salve cured itcompletely. It's the greatest healerof ulcers, burns, boils, eczema, scaldscuts, corns, eold sores, bruises andpiles on earth. Try it. 25c at Oberdorfer' s.Utilized Spare Time."One can accomplish much by utilizing spare moments." "That's rightThat tall girl yonder has read sevenBummer novels this season while shewas dummy at bridge." LouisvilleCouner-Jburnal. '" I suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs. Mollie Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as well asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well. I had been an invalidfor 5 weary years ! Cardui relieved me, when everythingelse failed."TAKE TheCARDUI Woman'sTonicIf you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Mrs. Navy did. For morethan 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy, for women,has been used by thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real value in relieving their aches andpains. Why suffer longer? A remedy that has relievedand helped so many, is ready, at the nearest drug store, foruse, at once, by you. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Ten.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. " Home Treatment for Wooea," sent free. J 57'JsdL' i"iilX'i'T nrTrnin TTtHl ift-itriMm,XSiii,15ill1jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 24, 1911.IPARIS GRAND, TO-NIGHT, OCT. 24A. G. DELAMATER AND WM. NORRIS PRESENT THE ORIGINALSTUPENDOUS NEW YORK AND CHICAGO PRODUCTION OFGEORGE mmMcCUTCHEON'SBEVERLY9 9 Dramatized from the NovelBEVERLY OF GRAUSTARKBy ROBT. M. BAKER.25 H Notable Cast of 25nC'AAJRB WlJiJ'if1 MUL1MI I LL-L itrgfrPKJ 1 ! H-1I Carload of Massive .Scenery IA FORTUNE IN GORGEOUS ROYALMILITARY COSTUMES.Prices: SI.OO, 75, 50 and 25 Gents. Seats Nowon Saleat Mitchell & Blakemore's.WARNING! HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY EVERYWHERE UNABLE TO GAIN ADMISSIONt -i ,.Homes Come Near EconomicIdeal.Farmers in Bourbon county build"iheii dwellings at a cost within 3 perfccsnt of an economic ideal recentlyworked out by the statisticians of theFarm Bureau of the Department ofAgriculture at Washington. That ist;he average price of a farm house inBourbon county is 103 per cent of theanrual income of the farm on which itstands and from figures gathered allover the United States the department has decided that if a house beirailt for a sum equal to the annualgrcss income of its farm the mortgage-evil will be reduced to a minimum andt farm life be made correspondingly'happier.Under W. J. Spillman, chief of theJFarm Bureau, the department hasbeen busy with the statistics with avuw to informing the farmers of tnetinned States just how much they maysafily put into their farm houses.Conditions in Bourbon county, the landcf tjlrty, were reported by A. C. -Ball,. vijllersburg, who was eDgaged ine p rary work for the department.IHe cast up the general county averagea"d ound it to be 103 per cent. Hisistwe of the easy conditions and.pre finable .returns yielded to the farmers around the city of Paris and hisinformation that they spent 103 parcent, of their gross annual incomes ontheir farm houses gave the department an excellent basis to work on.When they had finished their investigations they found that the farmers ofBourbon are only 3 per cent extravagant as builders, and that they havealmost solved the rpoblem of living ata rate commensurate with their incomes. In a word the economic building judgment of the average Bourboncounty famer is iso nearly correct inthe opinion of EProf. Sillman and hisbureau that the wolf will never domuch howling around hi door.Dentists Hold Meeting.The Lexington members of the BlueGrass Dental Society mpt at the officeof Dr. R. R. McMillan in that citySaturday night in called session. Dr.J. H. Baldwin, of Louisville, Presidentof the Kentucky State Dental Examirers was oresent and delivered an address. Dr. Baldwin has for severalweeks been touring the Blue Grassand giving talks on various subjectsand holding local meetings. Dr. M.H. Dailey, president of the BlueGrass Society, atrl Dr. J. H. Comer,of this city attended the meeting.Republicans Select Candidates.The Republican City Committee metSaturday afternoon and selected candidates for Councilmen in the threewards in this citv. Onlv five membersof the committee of six were presentand the meeting was held behind closed doors.No notice of the meeting had beengiven out, although the committeecaucused frequently during the week,considering the advisability of puttingcandidates in the field to oppose theDemocratic nominees in November.The rank and file .of the Republicanparty had no voice in selecting thecandidates and two members of thecommittee were placed on the ticketIn the first ward Dr. W. K. Dudley,Ed Gorey and Max Metzger were named to oppose George Speakes, W. T.Brooks and F. P. Walker. Dr. Dudley was out of town when the nominations were made and upon his returnS unday gave out the statement thathe would not put himself up as a target to be shot at by the Democrats.The candidates selected from thesecond ward were A. W. Cottingham,Pat Kane and George Wilder, whilefrom the third ward J. W. Larkin va3chosen lo oppose Harry Baldwin.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.mi- . ii nr. i Ili ew r all ootwear.utuier S7 x r s i rJjeautifJ Lom forts J riceAre All Combined in Our Showing of Smart Fall ShoesFor Men, Women and Children.If you arefccontemplating the purchase of Fall Shoes, you should come and seeour great assortment of new Fall styles. Every new style feature is shown in thissplendid collection. Every style we show is the product of manufacturers of reputation who arc in a position to produce footwear made of high-class material ina superior manner Better Shoes Por Less Money.Some Right Good Valaes EspeciallyFor This Week:AIMUbOUikri WWLadies' smart sixteenbutton Trooper Boots infine Patent Colt and GunMetal with or withoutcuffs. The favorite stylefor this Fall, worm $3.40Special atS2.49Ladies' JuliettesWith Rubber Heels, samein plain toe, just like theillustration. The mostcomfortable house shoeimaginable. Special99ciHMk&SS&naawSCHOOL FOOTWEAkFor Boys and Girls.We are headquarters forthe best School Shoe inthis city. We have nowa complete line that weretail at a great savingto you.Fuitz Seed Wheat and NnrfchprnWhite Seed Rye for sale.PEALE COLLIER & CO. vThe following is a list of the out oftown visitors who attneded theCarpenter-Shrout wedding here onWednesday: Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Ratliff, Carlisle; Mr. and Mrs. LeslieMcCormick, Mt. Sterling; Mrs. T. S.Barnes and Miss Mattie WnodsonBarnes, Owingsville; Mr. and Mrs.Albert Wilson, Carlisle; Mr. and Mrs.T L. . Peters, Mrs. Lindsay, Mr. andMrs. J. R. Shrout, Miss Birdie Donaldson, Mrs. Geo. Donaldson, Mrs. Richard Donaldson, Mr. and Mrs. ClarkeBasccm and little daughter, Sue, Mrs.W. W. Herring, Mrs. Feltraan,Owingsville: Mr. E. W. Floyd, Paris;Miss Mary Belle Taylor, Rochester,N. Y., Mesrss. E. O. anc1 WalterShrout, Owingsville; Mrs. Chas.Maurer, Lexington; Mr. and Mrs T.C. Endicott, Miss Myrtle Clevelandand Bill Ilngesynt, China; Mr andMrs. Urban Swinford, Carlisle; Rev.G. W. Nutter, Louisville; Mr. andMrs. Leslie Shrout, Owingsville; MrsThornton King, Minerva; Miss LulaOney, Lexington : Mrs Rodney BithersWand Mrs. William Embrv.Cvni-.hians.I large number of fdends. He is an ea -nest worker and he and his estimablewife by their efforts have put thechurch, Sunday sihool and every societyon a better basis. Another effoitshould be made by the congregation toindcue him to stay.Fresh Every Day.Miss Holladoy's home made candies,fresh every day. On sale at BruceHolladay's. 20 3tCounty Court News.In the County Court Friday WillHitch, colored, was given a sentenceof ninety days in jail at hard labor,Walter Fields, also colored, was givena like sentence. The men were charged with stealing hay from the stableof Mr. J. U. Boardman where Fieldswas employed. They were arrestedThursday by Patrolman Fred Link.Bud Holt, who was in court Saturday on a charge of grand larceny, butat the instance of his attorney thewarrant was changed to petit larceny.He was convicted on this charge ardgiven six months in jail, but owing tohis age the court commuted the aentence to ninety days.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.Louis Rash Kills a Companion.Louis Rash, aged 15 years, theyoungest son of Mr. E. F. Rash, ofLexington, formerly of this city, accijdentally shot and wounded KichardWilliams, his companion, aged about15 years, on the Richmond pike, onemile, from Lexington Saturday afternoon from the effects jf which he diedat the Good Samaritan Hospital at 3o'clock the same afternoon. The boyswere playing soldier and young Rashwas carrying a loaded shotgun whichwas accidentally discharged the contents entering Williams' leg. Severalboys witnessed the shooting and according to their statements the shooting was accidental. The injured boywas rushed to the hupsital where hedied in five minutes from the loss cfblood.Seeks Custody of Infant Child.Alleging that the platintiff, MaggieRogers McClintcck, was not complyingwilh a former order of the court bywheih the defendant, James D. McClintock, of Paris, was entitled to thecompany, association, love and affection of their infant daughter, RachelMcClintock, the latter through his attorney, Jude Denis Dundcn. and Col.John R. Allen, of Lexington, soughtby motion of the Fayette Circuit CourtSaturday to modify the former orderof the court by which tho defendantwas granted permission to hove shechild two days out of each week to anequal division of the child's time asthe court micht directMrs. Mcllintcck was represented byRobert C. Taibott, of tr.ia rity andGeorge C. Wtbb and Maury Kemper,of Lexirgtcn.The defer dart presented affidavitsfrom Margaret Paxton, Arch Paxtor,Mr ard Mrs Thomas McDonald, Mrs.Lizize Croxtcr, Mr?. Wm. Giltner,Mrs. Kate Mackev, John J. McClint'.ckElder and Mrs. J. T. Sharrard, Mr.and Mrs. W. R. Scott, Mrs Julia Nash.and George W. Judy, relatives ardj neighbors, testifying that when Mrs.j McClintockjvisited her father she ap-peared happy and delighted andshowered her affection upon him ; tnathe was able and willing to care forhis child and that his sisters were suitable person to look after the childwhile with its father.Judge Kerr set the hearing of thecase for Monday. October 30. JudgeKerr notified the attorneys that thehcaiing next Monday would be final.Sweet Cider.cider vinegar.SAUER.Pure, sweet appleThe first of the season,24 2tNew Concrete Pavement BeingLaid.A concrete pavement from EastHigh to the bridge is being p-t dotnon Second -street by the firm of Morat& Hingo. The laying of the pavementis being done under the supervision cfthe Improvement Committee of theParis City Council!isWSmmmmmwwS&9S&as!SmilfvjmmmsgmzrBACOtheSUCCSSCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adr, Co,Y doing1 so you keen off the shoals of extravagance.and are always in a tow of safety. A guide to theharhor of security.5We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts iULfub dANKCapital $1 00,000OF PARIS,tSurplus $30,000,S359&tf9u9tftf .KWW,WWaWAiBMi8mrwHrrMrfS w tfvtr;TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentUpto Date Billiard Hall.crowds toWe are now ready with a magnificent line of the worldfamous Walk-Over make. The best money can buy.DAN336 Main StreetCOHENParis, Kentucky.Follow theliard Hall.Mann's Bil15 tfListenlAt The Big Electric Sign.JParisian Has Narrow Escape.In an automobile accident which occurred Friday night Messrs. Ed Slattery, of this city, and Mr. C. O. Wesbey, of Lexington, had a narrowescape from death or possibly seriousinjury. The accident occurred on theLexington pike about four miles fromParis.Mr. Slattery and Mr. Wesbey werererurning to Lexington after the latterhad made a buisness trip to this city,and at the point near this city amachine driven by L. E. Maurer, ofLexington, collided with their auto.The force of the impact broke thespokes out of the machine driven byMr. Wesbey, bending the steering gesrso thnt the machine ran across theroad and plunged over an embankment.They were climbing a steep hill andmoving along at a moderate rate ofspeed when the accident occurred. HadMr Wesbey been going at a normalrate of speed or had the accident occurred on a bridge a .short distanceaway the occupants of the machinewould have been killed outright, butas it was Doth escaped witr.out ascratch. .F.Young Men.Here's a swell chance you don't want to miss,because it won't come again this season.A special representative from the greatnational tailoring house of Clarence MayerCo., Cincinnati, is now at our store showingtheir complete assortment of new woolens forFall and Winter.m You've seen this famous tailoring line advertised in the magazines now's your opportunityto inspect it. There are hundreds of classyfabrics to select from and every one all-nure-wool.Come and see them to-day.Sale, Oct. 27th and 33, 1911."imBsu.LWOLLSTONClothing and Shoe Department.i-i'!