THE BOURBON NEWS.. 4:PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY TN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1911.-jiu id iulljlh c iti irwiMmiiiff rnrTiiTwr im tbt fri S6mi-W66Klu specials !At TheDep'k Store,WlnnaziAj(Rnfa ps r s 9 fay - g25c tiose9 a Half-price,12 1 -2c. 4 to a customer.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE --Fall Opening Thursday, Sept. 28th.Music from 1:30 to 5:30 p. m.The store will be closed Saturday, Septemberon account of Jewish holliday.zmMotion Pictures of "Uncle Tom'sCabin."After sevreal weeks' effort Manager,Porter, of the Paris Grand, has at lastsecured the moving pictures of UncleTom's Cabin, and they will be produced at the Grand tomorrow (Saturday)night.These pictures are the VitagraphCompany's special ' feature. Amongthe many hundred scenes may bementioned the escape of Eliza acrossthe frozen Ohio ; the removal of UncleTom from his uld Kentucky home; theaffection of little Eva for Uncle Tom ;.the purchase of Uncle Tom by St.Clair i the appearance of Topsy in . thestory and death of Little Eva; the saleof Uncle Tom to Simon Legree; theescape of Cassie and the death ofUncle Tom;The greatest and most realisticpresentation of"- this famous classicdrama ever attempted. All the scenesare startlingly vivid and life like. Areal cotton field, a genuine levee scene,real boats and the river of ice onwhich Eliza escapes are genuine. Theentire production is made by the bestcompany of moving picture actors inAmerica.The price of admission will be tencents to all parts of the house. Thefirst performance will begin promptlyat 7 :45 o'clock.I as vypKNOW MOW&mnommmm99 !1 23'gMIWmmjjsx.aiat.Lii3S2czGrasmm.SSsAva2L5:v-vv-v"-'9toeeials ForMww -a- iry , ... mi i ii i ' ' 'wThe Latest Styles of DressingIfoir.All thn ladies who visit the fall displays of millinery are invited to alsocall at my parlors opposite the HotelFordham and inspect the beautiful andstylish new lines of auxiliaries for thearrangement and dressing ot milady'shair. I am prepared to supply everything in the hair line. The newestFrench and American vogues for arrangement of the hair are in use andall patrons are guaranteed satisfaction. MRS. M. A. PATON.1 &cftooljSRoes9 iED GOOSESPWraw3MiTffPl(WTOiKi tttt Mm mi ?jMfflfmrrk-UJUi:'What is the RED GOOSE? It is a boy's shoethat will never wear out, and will keep his feet drygoing to school this winter. Our Boys' ClothingDepartment is filled with this special line of Shoes,which we have bought so you won't have to buynew shoes every two months. Take a look at ourwindow and remember the Red Goose.BOYS' CLOTHING .in all the new colors, single breasted and doublebreasted coats, Knickerbocker pants, made withdouble seat and knees.itwuwi II mmtmnpilvicxmmm&Lv!ififj For Boysff Standard Granulated Sucrar, 13 lbs 1.00fJi Imported Swiss Cheese, per lb 35.y Brie Cheese, per lb 30.N. Y. Cream Ceeese, per lb ....... .20 (ftf) Boiled Ham, per lb 35 WSf Minced Ham, per lb 15 JP( OldReliable Coffee, 2 lbs . .55A3i 1.1 III tjo XJ-CliiiiiiCX WLC, fJ XKftJLenox Soap, 3 bars . . . . -.f Lenox Soap, 8 barsMaine Goes "Wet" by Small.Majority.Complete official returns from thespecial election when the State ofMaine votpd on the question of theconstitutional prohibitory amendmentas canvassed by tne Governor andCouncil Monday, showed a majority oftwenty-votes in favor of the repeal.Various discrepancies were found inthe official returns as compared withthe tabulations co mplied by the Secretary of State's office. The latter indicated a majority for repeal of 136.Delicious.Whitman's candy is simply delicious.Fresh lot just in. AllVARDEN & SON.We are agentssize boxes.15 2tyou can find at our store, as we are the only store in town that has afspecial department for little fellows.1 1 ry-- wn.xiftziArmaiazrwxoys, Come in and Ask About the Red GooseBanks in the WindowmW&.10.25Blueing, 2 boxes ' 05Argo Starch, 3 boxes 105 gals. Oil, the Best 45BLUE RIBBONThe Floor of QualityBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon fflour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40WT. CUENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,Hogs Bring Good Prices.i At the public sale of Duroc hogs ofMessrs. A. P. Adair & Sons, of thiscounty, held at the fair grounds Tuesday afternoon twenty-five head averaged 25 each Gilts sold at pricesranging from $18 to $35 while boarpigs went at from $15, to $32 Fifteenhead of yearling Southdown ewes soldfor an average of $10 per head and tenewe lambs averaged $750 Six yearlingDucks sold at from $10 to $19 per head.Auctioneers Tom Vmnedge, of Columbus, Ind., H. L. Iglehart, of Elizabethtown, Ky., and George D.Speakes, of Paris, conducted the sale.Bargains in Wall Paper.Look at my bargains in wall paper.Expert decorators ready to fill your' orders promptly.J. T. UlNl'UiN.Outfitters to IVlersIi & Blakemore9Paris,lKentucky5IM - VMWmMiiMWiitwitii 346C iC 1ACC MLKimiuiiiiiiiiiinjsKinitijinsniniiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiJMiiniiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimills.........-i;n22;?(!k.v ,H''k' vo' V9fkfcr Va' u t'a'rtrAW',&?.-m Boys Clothing! mV, Cf&255K-C-BSi-fflSMMrr6)&a1AST7-frai'zstoaWe Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$;2.50to$10.00in ail the latest colors and styles:m7rmimSImi?&k7Fine Exhibition o! Shooting.Quite a large crowd attended the ex-, hibition o fancy shooting at the localball park Tutday afternoon given by! Mr. and Mrs. Ad. Topperwein, of SanAntonio, Texas. Jhe exhibition waswell worth seeing and those presentthoroughly enjoyed the remarkableskill displayed by Mr. Topperwein andhis wife with rifle and pitol. Theyperfoimed all sorts of difficult feats.A Good Counc I Titof to Vole for.Vote for the gentlemen whose namesappear below, Friday. They are theright men and can be depended upon todo that which is best for Paris:FIRST WARD.Chas. P. Cook,George D. Speakes,Dr. W. T. Brooks.SECOND WARD.Charles E. Butler,W. O. Hinton,J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.vtyft& ssFRANK&CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.mmlis&&3s?5t ECORDIALLY INVITEYou to make their store your headquartersat all times. When you come to Paris b? sureand make us a call. M(it)RELIGIOUS.mim&SjSSmNewest styles in Fall and Winter Ready-tc-Weargarments for Ladies', Misses and Children now ready for your inspection.r-Suits, Separate Skirts, Cloaks, Waists .and Dresses.tmrS-KBoys Hats, Caps, Shirts and pBlouse Waists.4m3mkmwmiBGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.m&mmmElder Uarey E. Morgan will be in ihis puplit at the Christian church Sunday at both services at 10 :45 and evening at 7 o'clock.Morehead Lyceum Course.The following is the list of attractions secured by Mr. Morehead thatwill appear at the Opera House thecoming season of 1911-12 :tl nVomr Pla-lr rinfnha 94- thoUUU. UUiUJu -wm., v.muu. -x . w.w CxttiAn Hnorfof " tuith (I Pnl Plannnn TAiua VlJ.VWK .1U.J VJ. 4. ui imuwuiAn elegant assortment of Reay-to-Wear Hatsin Ladies, Misses and Children. See ournew White Hats with Veils?and have one towear to the Fair. f ,&'&& &0i'-rZ&-J '";v&the celebrateai? rencn Dantone,iNovpm- sber 10 ; Colby, the great cartoonist, j rJanuary 4 or 5; the "Concert Trio,"gFebruary 15; the Mendelssohn Quar-ii$35'tet, instrumental and vocal, March 14. jsSktickets $1.75, single admission 50cents. Purchasers of season ticketscan reserve the same seat for the tentire season, season tickets can be subscribed for by mail or by East Tennessee pVoie 848.wVfcFrank & Co.9Paris,Kl flSaf?$H5in::imirfnmm iniuniiM :a:miiinminnimn nimiimm niiiniiminniinmnniiiimnniiiiiumiHmiiiiinwj'MUMyr?&r.rtt.63iL i4 WTm$ii?&iKfe4?X??e Jbv JU wdb. M. .mmmmmmmw wwwmItira?mmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 21, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWS' BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.n;itH;iiggHwtgAfraid of GhostsMany people arc afraid of ghosts. Few peopleare afraid of germs. Yet the ghost is a fancyandthe germ is a fact. If the germ could be magnifiedto a size equal to its terrors it would appear moreterrible than any fire-breathing dragon. Germscan't be avoided. They are in the air we breathe,the water we drink.The germ can only prosper when the conditionof the system gives it free scope to establish itself and develop. When there is a deficiency ofSWIFT 'CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerfBntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoifica as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 30 Years of Continuous Publicationvital force, languor, restlessness, a sallow cheek, l- -' '" " '"n hollow eye, when the appetite is poor and thesleep is broken, it is time to guard against the germ. You canfortify the body against all germs by the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It increases the vital power, cleanses thesystem of clogging impurities, enriches the blood, puts the stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition in working condition, sothat the germ finds no weak or tainted spot in which to breed."Golden Medical Discovery" contains no alcohol, whisky orhabit-forming drugs. All its ingredients printed on its outsidewrapper. It is not a secret nostrum but a medicine of knowncomposition and with a record of 40 years of cures. Accept nosubstitute there is nothing "just as good." Ask your neighbors.Display advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue ; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements. -Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFireproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverneed repairs. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.;?ONE YEAR,$2.00 I.Payable inSIX MONTHSAdvance1.001It:tmmKm ricenalitymm W1 ANDInmafipreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.KONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. JIdams Son,' 142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.fjtt rf) iffflflHLOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KZentuiolsL-v"I Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.ify 1 elephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.wBourboD Laundry,Paris, J Kentucky.rl&.iS&&rLIQUID CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILSIn. regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Doiit imprison the disease germs InTour skin by the uce of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.' WASH THE GERMS OUT. Acimple wash: A, compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Tnymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesend heals the skin as nothing else; has ever done., A 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and five you instant relief.. G. S. Varden & Son.., Furniture Polish.An excellent furniture polish li:mad by mixing two pints of linseedt o with six ounces- of vinegar, threeounces of spirits of turpentine, one;cunc of hydrochloric acid and twobounces of alcohol.SUPERIORITYWorkmanship are DisplayedIn Our Work.An individuality distinguislics our Jfonumcnts from all otliers. while prices arewill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettincss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.A P rlicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlatin iry work the rest fcourse. Systematic, throiiirhpamstakirg work enables-usto get your laundry out theday we promise it and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Attacks School Principal.A s&vere attack on school principal,Chas B. Allen, of Sylvania, Ga., isthus told by him. 'For more thanthree years," he writes, "I sufferedindescribable turtutre from, rheumatism, Liver and stomach trouble anddiseased kidnys. All remedies failedtill I used Electric Bitters, but fourbottles of this wonderful remedy curedme completely.'7 Such results arecommon. Toousands bless them forcuring stomach trouble, female chmplaints, kidney disorders, biliousness,and for new health and vigor. Trythem. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.A Good Ticket to Vote For.The gentlemen named below are inevery way qualified to make good Councilmen. Vote for them Friday, Sept.22:FIRST WARD.Geo. D. Speakes,Charles P. Cook,,Dr. W. T. Brooks.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton,Chas. E. Butler,J. Simms Wilson,THIRD WARD.'Harry B aldwin. - 7 (It)Judge O'Rear as a Sorry Joker.As the campaign progresses JudgeO'Rear is losing his vigor and originality. His elasticity is gone hisdaring is a thing of the past; insteadof being acgressive, he is in a cornerwith his back to the wall, fighting ahopeless battle. His first speech wasa gatling gun filled with bristlinginterrogation points, which was designed to impale and overthrow GovernorMcCreary, but the Democratic nominee answered every question promptly,and sent'a quiver full blade at O'Rear.What did the Judge do? Why he hasbeen dodging ever since like a duck ina hail storm. Guvernor McCiearyasked him if he endorsed Taft's vetoesof the bill reducing the tariff on wooland cottonfand the farmers free listbill. Judge O'Rear's first answer was4To tell the tiuth, I have not read thetariff, and I have not had timp to readhis vetoes." But when the Democratic speakers and the press gotthrough riddling that absurd statement, he was sorry he made it, andbegan to search around for a new excuse. He thought he found a betterone, and here it is:In his speech at Carlisle he said thatthe endcisement of President Taft andnis administration by the RepublicanState platform meant nothing ;' that itwas only a bouquet, a mere pleasantry,and that nobody need take it seriously;that so far as he was concerned he approved the good things of Taft's administration, and disapproved the badones. What do our readers think ofthat exhibition of dodging and deepdiving on the part cf the fearless leader of the Kentucky Republicans, whoclaims to be the only man who is sincere and honest, and worthy to be relied on? Can you find a match for it! anywhere in the history of politics?He writes an endorsement of theTaft adimnistration in his platform,and when he finds that the people haverepudiated Taft, and will have none ofhim, he says it was all a joke; thatthese little paper flowers grow overthe garden wall of politics, and haveneither perfume nor serious purpose.What are the other jokes in yourplatform, Judge, chief of jesters andprince ot humorists?Is the county unit plank a joke? Isthe "corrupt lohby" plank only amirth-provoking paragraph? Is the"honest primary" plank just a pokein the ribs? Is all this high soundingplatform of principles a page torn outof an almanac, written to amuse thecandidate himself, and to give thesorely burdened taxpayer, going beneath the heavy hand of Willson's taxgatherer, the merry Ha, Ha?Not a Wonder.Democrats must realize that a voteunder the rooster this year means avote for Legislators who will name thenext United States Senator. -If theDemocrats win Ollie James will repreent Kentucky at Washington, whenthe great battle for the reduction ofthe tariff is to be fought. If the Republicans carry ;the Legislature Congressman Langley or CongressmanPoweib will be chosen Senator. Is itany wonder that Judge O'Rear doesnot want to discuss national issues?Helped the Growers.The tobacco growers of Kentuckyknow who their friends aie. Theyhave never asked ajfavor at the handsof the Democrats that it has not beengranted. Every beneficial act on theStatute Books was placed r there byDemocrats, the Republican party isthe mother of trusts.It gave them. . ,. , , , ...birth, and has nurtured them for yearsat the expense of the people. This in-eludes the tobacco trutt which has op-pressed and impoverished the farmerof Kentucky.Deed Filed in Nicholas Court..Mrs. Elizabeth Dundon, of this city,entered for record in the office of thecounty clerk of Nicholas county, atCarlisle Monday a deed for 151 acresof ground which is conveyed to JohnT. and James M. Dundon, children ofMrs. Dundon. The deed was made byMrs. Mary Ritchie Turley, an aust ofMrs. Dundon, and was executed onNovember 30, 1910. ,DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor GovernorJAMES B. McCREARYof MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GAR NEXTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJv W.NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYThe Big Lexington Trots.The greatest trotting meeting in theworld begins at Lexington on Tuesday, October 3, and continues for twoweekB. Each day one or more of thehistoric stake races of Kentucky arecuntested, and all the races are filledwith the pick of the country's bestracers, meet at Lexington f jr the firsttime this year. The world's richesttrotting stake, the great KentuckyFuturity, the Transylvania, annualchampionship race of the world, theTennessee Stake, the Walnut Hill Cup,the Champion Stallion Colt race.'Jthegreat uree for ah trots ana paces.the appearance of Ulhan 1.58(i theworld's Champion trotter, and everyother champion from yearling up, willmake this the greatest racing carnivalever known. Half fare on all Kentucky railroads. Remember the dates,October 3 to 14, read advertisement inthis issue and go.A Good Council Ticket to Vote For.Vote for the gentlemen whose namesappear below, Friday. They are theright men and can be depended upon todo that which is best for Paris:FIRST WARD.Chas. P. Cook,Geo. D. Speakes,Dr. W. T. Brooks.SECOND WARD.Charles E. Butler,W. O. Hinton,J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin. (It)RHEUMATISMCured by the MarvelJ of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpureBotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale : skinitches' an burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;iiumuago, gout, taise rotanic rnooaBalm fa B' wMch wiU remoye( every sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,ri,ch Pure bood direct to the paralyz-cuucivco. utfjjon o.iiu.t juiuis, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in thisway making aof Rheumatismperfect, lasting cure, in all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheimedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S tiiiOiO :nr free by writing Blood.. i d . Atlanta, Ga. DescribeV ii ticuoic nd free medical advicegi6n. zi'H by Varden & Son.GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.isBQsgfetgivgfgg,)"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryisSF 4Xv XWSJtrDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.(&gCirSXssQa3Sfl2SSs&East Tenn.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Tittle7 RockRuddles Mills.you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."'"WhenThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.Wesleyan Out o Athletics.By the decision of the KentuckyConference of the M. E. church in session at Richmond, the Kentucky Wesleyan College, of Winchester, one ofthe most prominent reilgious schoolsin the south in athletics in formeryears, will not be permitted to engagein inter-collegiate athletic contests.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," -V7rite3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there Jgno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous a3a cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious sMn diseases,that fts value Is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofekin impurities.The fact Is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsar so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.and be satisfied.feaiTelephone Co.anyouProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiL,IAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Aoom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.( E. T 136.Home 136.Office PhonesResidence ' "i0:ixioine a&.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UplStairsOverJVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,OfficesRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are text.M. A. KAHAL.X- I-?fvTHE BOIFRBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, SEPT. 21, 1911."3 Ijh II1TipTheAntique DeskMPOSSIBLE;Idon't believe it,Marcia.""It's true," persisted Dorothy."Harold arrested! How terrible!" "It wasn't hisfault Didn't youhear about theantique desk Mrs.Newell sent themfor a weddingpresent?""Not a word,"answered Marcia."It was a beauty; all hand-carvedmahogany. Their apartment wasfurnished in accordance with thatdesk and not Harold's income. Jessica noticed one of the panels wasloose. 'Don't worry your pretty headabout it,' Harold told her; 'We'll sendit to Macken's furniture store andhave it repaired.""Did Mrs. Newell know it was damaged when she bought it?" interrupted Marcia."No, not that; but worse."They were giving their first dinnerparty. Jessica, who is always a human icicle, keeping cool, calm andcollected under all circumstances, foronce was flurried. She was sure theroast would not be done enough, orthat it would be too well done; thatthe bouillon would be served too coldand that the iced tomatoes would notbe chilled sufficiently, but everythingwent along fine until the last course,when two officers appeared upon thescene, with warrants to arrest Jessica's husband.""How awful! Eow embarrassing!I've been married ten years and myhusband has never been arrested.""You're luckier than Jessica. Afew of the guests went along to givebail for him. Jessica was in hysterics, asking all at once: 'What wouldthe neighbors think if they saw himleave with the officers? How couldthey keep a maid if the girl knewabout his arrest? Would it be in allf ' ' ' ' ' '- rAICome to the Store That Will Furnish Your HomeJust as You Have Thought and Planned it TogetherCome to the store that has the goods that names the pricesthathas the plan to make YOUR home easily possible.Oak Dining Table 814.00.With very heavy, massive pe destal base, roundtop extends 6 feet solidoak, rich golden finish.This table is well madeand nicely finished, ofvery attractive design;will prove an ornamentto your home. The priceof 14.00 is very reasonable.Maple KitchenHas two bins, one divided. Two utensil drawersa mixing and breadboard nice white basswood top.A, well made, nicelyfinished cabinet and-mighty reasonaoie at uienvip nnmprl.price named,SS.SO.1 ""pad :rfiWngg:Your home demandsstove and range satisfaction. Only pertect satisfaction will be derived fromfrom such an articlewhen it bears this TradeMark:If oTTTTTtlMmEnameled Iron Bed$6.75.Full size Iron Bed plan,neat design heavy, continuous posts and heavy fillersnice, smooth casting richwhite, cream or white andblue enameled. Bed couldn'tbe duplicated elsewhere forless than $11.COMfORT ROCKERS lBf fI Oc a day or $ I a weekwill place any "Buck's"in your home.A mighty nice Oak Rocker fullquarter-sowed golden finish a solidbolted and braced Rocker, well madeand nicely finished - exceedingly comfortable and very attractive in appearance. It would be mighty good value at$9.00; more than remarkable atS6.SO.-v kMiTOMppm1-I .ilV JV.t ij'k'mjrp-1--i;w t - v vvI &Pl. -- 'f "r-r yZxWtjirA. 1iam&mCHILD'S BEDBe sure you have a little bed that will keep thebaby warm for the coolnights that are just afew days away.$6.3."Harold Arrested! How Terrible!"the papers illustrated with his picture?' When Harold returned twohours later he assured her that hehad treated all the officers and reporters, so there would be no danger oipublicity.""Why was he arrested?""You see, that desk was an heirloom much valued by a family namedHoughton. When the Hojghtons wereabroad last summer their house wasransacked and among other articlestaken was this desk. Detectives hadsearched far and near for it, butcould find no trace. When it appeared at Mackens, one of the clerks, whois a friend of Mrs. Houghton's daughter Amy, recognized the desk aiKltraced it to the Carletons, and issuetithe warrant of his own accord for thparrest.""But how did Mrs. Newell comeacross it?""After she read the morning papershe immediately rushed over to Jessica's to confess the truth. Upon receiving her invitation she vowed anddeclared 'that her present would outshine all the others.' After searchingthe city for something unique andhandsome, one day she accompanieda poor woman to a pawn shop to redeem some article for ber. Her surprise was great at seeing such a valuable piece of furniture in that place.The proprietor besitated and did notseem anxious to sell, but finally lether have it for $75. She sent a private expressman for it, had it cleanedand polished, thinking none would bethe wiser as to where she purchasedit."' "Jessica immediately returned it tothe rightful owner with a note of explanation," "Did Mrs. Newell send them anything else?""I don't know; she sailed suddenlyfor Europe a few days later, but Idon't think she will invest in anymore antiques." I"Did you think the clerk receivedany reward?""Yes; his engagement has been anbounced to. Miss Houghton."A. F. WHEELER &. CO.i MAIN STREET, OPP- COURT HOUSE.Bbks 8BflBlHlfll39HIHj9HSKt HIHHHIB hEJkWSWHHl SHHBBwflKiiwKiMEi - '"vnBHmgM MM ' r , ' "CHAS. GREEN.1MANAGER.JMartin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street,-Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.Thp hpRf, "Rics for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day oriMonth. -"teWe have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.Same Way With Humanity.It is hard for an empty bag to standupright Franklin.To My Friends and floraePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper , Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. WaSlingford. iJoan of Arc's Sword.A sword in the Dijon museum hasjust been identified as that used byJoan of Arc and presented to her byCharles VIL of France. On one sideof the hilt, says the London Mail, isengraved a figure kneeling before across, and the inscription: "CharlesVII.," while the other side bears thename "Voucouleurs ' The sword alsobears the arms of France and of thetown of Orleans, and the date 1419.Japanese Vegetable Oils.The vegetable oils made and wellknown in Japan are sesame. Torreyanufifera, beech, peanut, mustard, rapeseed, ierilla, Elaeococoa cordata, Ophalotaxus drupeacea. cameilla, tea"seed, hempseed, spurgewort, sumaoand oil cf wild Paulownia imperialiaInquiries were made of numerous dealers in thvse oils concerning a chrysanthemum oil. but none seemed to tknow of itDanger.Elopement is becoming highly popular a certain circles in America,young coupJes rushing off to distantstates to get married without theknowledge of tbeir . parents. "Inmany instances, we gather," says a.writer in the London Evening News,"the greatest secrecy has to be observed for fear that the parents mighthear of the projected match and givetheir consent."Traps for the Righteous.Ay me, how many perils do enfoldthe righteous man to make him dailjfall. Spencer.Dress Proclaims the Man.It is not every man that can affordto wear a shabby coat. Colton.Superior Endures. Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It willpost you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etc.Superior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. - Insist onSuperior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.'The Superior Portland Cement Co.tuQffiMjVm SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky. 'mm THE DRY FALL OUTING TOMammoth CaveFor Home Circle and Private Parties$5.65 paris Andpaii waJstaBons Wednesday, Sept. 27,REGULAR TRAIN 7:38. A. M.All Expenses at Hotel OrSy $6.50This includes your board and admission to the several routes in the cave. One eveningt for a promenade or dance.A GRAND THREE-DAYS OUTINGWrite or Phone L. & N. Ticket Agt::z:i:uTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 22, 1911."4SfeJBDEATHS.Mr. Morgan Fay, aged 82 years,died at his home about one mile fromMillersburg on the Maysville pike atan early hour Monday morning. Hisdeath was due to the infirmities incident to old age. Mr. Fay moved toBourbon from Mason county abouttwo years ago and previous to thattime had spent the greater part of hiBlife in the latter county. Tne funeralservicbs were held from the Catholicchurch in this city Tuesday morningconducted by Rev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. Burial in the Paris Catholiccemetery.The remains of Mr. John W.Childers, who was burned to death inthe fire which destroyed his grocerystore in Lexington at an early hourMonday morning, were brought toParis Wednesday afternoon for burial.The funeral services were held at thegrave in the Paris cemetery at 4o'clock and were conducted by ElderCarey E. Morgan, of the Christianchurch.The body accompanied by sorrowingrelatives arrived here on the 3 o'clockL. & N. train. Six members of theLexington Fire Department, of whichMr. Childers was for a long time amember, accompanied the body to itsfinal resting place. They were Messrs.T. H. Bowman, Henry Sheehan. William Lancart, John Slavin, ThomasFraizer and Thomas Knight.New Trimmer.We have been fortunate this year inobtaining the services of Miss BlanchePlummer, one of the best trimmers inthe business. Miss Plummer is athorough graduate of the art and hashad thorough training. If the ladiesof this section want something swellthis fall thev should wait for our falldisplay on October 5th.15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.STOCK, CROP AND FARM'NOTESWriEAT, RYE. -Choice Fult'z seedwheat, also seed rye for sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Whitman's Candies.Fresh lot of Whitman's fine boxcandies just received. Whitman'sname "is a guraantee that its the best.15 2t VARDEN & SON.A flood Council Ticket to Vote Por."Vote for the gentlemen whose namesappear below, Friday. They are theright men and can be depended upon todo that which is best for Paris:FIRST WARD.Chas. P. Cook,George D. Speakes, v. Dr. W. T. Brooks.SECOND WARD.Chas. E. Butler,W. O. Hinton,J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin. itNotice to Men.Don't; fail to come to the McClintock Building, next door to DanCohen's, and look over the "wonderfulline of hats you can have made toyour special order. You'll be surprised at the moderate prices, $2 to$3. Did you ever notice you can'tput paper in a shoe to make it fit; soyou can't put paper in a hat to makeiG fit.We take the shape of your headfree and you are assured of a fitAlso hats cleaned and blocked.CINCINNATI HAT M'G'F. CO.-y?&fi&&ns-AGENTLEMANSSHOEJwy iMTlOur new F a!! line in alllleathers rPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetalvnow ready for inspection.Geo. IVPWillamsDemocratic Campaign Committees. for Bom bon County.R. K. McCarney, Chairman forBourbon County of the DemocraticCampaign Committee, has appointedthe following named Democrats asmembers of the Committee:EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE:L. J. Fretwell.A. S. Thompson.J. M. O'Brien.W. G. McClintock.H. S. Cay wood.PRECINCT COMMITTEEMEN:Paris No. 1 C. A McMillan.Pans No. 2 L. B. Purnell.Paris No. 3 -J. 0. Marshall.Paris No. 4 C. J. Lancaster.Paris No. 5-T. P. Woods.Paris No. 6 Lee Beall.Millersburg No. 1 E. P. Thomason.Millersburg No. 2 W. S. Judy.Little Rock No. 1 D. L. Robbins.Little Rock No. 2 W. P. WornalJ.North Middletown No. 1 RobertGilkey.North Middletown No. 2 J. HalWoodford.Clintonville No. 1 Geo. W. Morrow.Clintonville No. 2-J. Frank Clay.Hutchison No. 1 John Wiggins.Hutchison No. 2 Forrest Letton.Centerville No. 1 John Shropshire.Centerville No. 2 J. H. Ewalt.Ruddles Mills No. 1 James H. Fisher.Ruddles Mills No. 2 W. L. Brannock. Now Oh Sale.Lots of fall hats now on sale. Streethats, tailored hats and the swellestline of dress hats that we ever bad arenow ready. Remember our opening isnot until October 5.15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Colored Campmeeting.j Rev. R. Quarles, of this city, will, conduct a campmeeting at Blue GrassPark, near Lexington, for one day,i Sunday, September 24. This is the' first meeting of colored people everheld at the park. The feature of themeeting will be the sermon from thesubject ,"The Prodigal Son and theFatted Calf."fl Good Ticket to Vote Por.The gentlemen named below are inevery way qualified to make good Councilmen. Vote for them Friday, Sept.22:FIRST WARD.Charles P. Cook,Dr. W. T. Brooks,George D. Speakes.SECOND WARD.Charles E. Butler,J. Simms Wilson,W. O. Hinton, 'THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin. (It)33 yearsllea',S'8zafw nsAe rA t t tH. LXJL A UliUCO 'fthave stood for trueeconomy to the man m.of moderate means; feand to the man of W.wealth, the best that 5money could buy. Weare sole agents for (5Paris.5vKentucky Conference Appointments.At the concluison of the Kentu ckyConference of the Methodist church,South, in Richmond Tuesday night,Bishop W. A. Chandler announced theappointments for the coming year.Rev. O. B. Crockett, who for thepast year has been the pastor of theParis church, has been transferred tothe Park avenue chruch at Lexington.Rev. J. T. Simms, pastor of thechurch at Frankfort, was sent toParis. Following are the appointments :Covington Distrift J. 0. A. Vaught,presiding elder; Alexandra J. R. Nelson ; Augusta J. R. Noland ; Brooksville, Price T. Smith; Butler, B. F.Cosby; California, R. B. Wilson; F.A. Savage supernumerary ; Covington,Scott street, T. W. Watts ; W. F. Taylor, supernumerary; Covington, St.Luke's, A. W. Brooks; Cynthiana, A.T. O'Rear; Erlanger and Walton, H.C. Martin; G. M. Buffington, supernumerary ; Falmouth, E. K. Arnold;Highland, J. R. Savage: Kelat, F. B.Jones ; Newport, W. S. Maxwell : Oddville, W. S. Vanderpool ; Vialia, W.T. Eklar; Williamstown, W. B. Campbell ; missionary to Korea, W. G. Cran ;student in Chicago University, J. E.Savage.Danville District W. E. Arnold,piesiding elder; Burgin, J. W. Simpson: Burnside, J. W. Gardner; Corhin,R. F: Jordan ; Danville, J. P. Stroth-er; East Bernsteadt, E. H. Armitfgra;Harrodsburg, M. T. Chandler; Lancaster, E. H. Pearce; London, W. S.Trinstead; Mackville, J. A. Sawyer;Meadow Creek, to be supplie byGeorge A. Young; Middlesboro, B. F.Chatham; Moreland, F. D. Palraeter;Perryville, W. K. McClure; Pineville2nd BarbourviUe, W. D. Giobs:Preachersville, J. E. Roberts; Pulaskicircuit, W. E. Coleman: Richmond, G.W. Crutchfield; Somerset, C. K.Dickey ; Stanford, J. J. Dickey ; Wilmore, W.L . Clarke; field editor, Central Methodist Advocate, Green V.Todd; president Asbury College, M.C. Morrison,Frankfort District E. L. Southgate,presiding elder; Carrollton, E. T. McIntrye; Cornith, S. L. Moore; Frankfort. G. T. Turner, G. F. Taliaferro,supemumreary ; Georgetown, W. M.Biitt; Gratz, W. B. Hall; Hinton, A.Reed; Hughes Chapel, C. P. Pilliow;Hutchison and Oxford, S. A. Arnold;Millersbuig, W. A. Swift; MountHope, A . P. Jones ; New Columbus, J.H. Williams; Paris, J. S. Sams;Petersburg, S. J. Bradley Polsgrove,William Wood; Port Roayl, R. A. Selby ; Ruddles Mills, W. A. Penn; Warsaw, T. N. Baker; Worthville, C. H.Greer; president Millersburg FemaleCollege, C. C. Fisher: chaplain Stateprison, Frankfort, W. 0. Vreeland.Jackson District C. F. " Oney, presiding elder: Campton, J, R. Peeples;Hazzard and Perry mission, W. V.Cropper; Hazel Green, W. R. Ragan ;Hindman and Knott mission, J. A.Wright; Hyden and Leslie mission, G.R. Combs ; Jackson, T. B. Cook ;Manchester and Clay mission to besupplied by C. F. Chestnut; WestLiberty, W. B. Fryman; Whitesburgand Letcher, mission, E. C. Watts.Lexington District John R. Deering, presiding elder ; Camargo, Wl F.Wyatt; Clay City, to be supplied bv L.A. Fryman; College Hill, P C. Eversole ; Frenchburg and Olympia, J. W.Gilbert; Irvine and Beattyville, J. W.Jackson; Lexington, first church, 0.J. Chandler; Lexington, Epworth, J.3. Harris; Lexington, Park avenue, 0.B. Crockett; C. F. Evans, supernumerary; Moreland. R. B. Baird;Mt. Sterling, B. C. Hoston ; Mt Zioncirvcuit, H. C. Wrignt;Nicholasville,J. W. Crates; P. W. Noland, supernumerary: Owingvsille.E. E. Holmes;Spears, G. W. Hoffman ; Versailles, J.M. Fuqua; Winchester, L. Robinson;Winchester, Mt. Abbott.to be suppiledby I. T. Spencer; missionary to Japan,T. W. B. Demaree; superintendentAnti-Salcon League, G. W. Young;Kentucky Wesleyan College, J. L.Clarke, preisdent and W. S. Anderson,professor ; conference missionary secretary, P. C. Eversoie.Maysville District E. G. B. Mann,preisding elder; Carlisle, W. F.Vaughn; Fairview mission, to be supplied by Enos Waggoner; Flemingsburg, C. A. Tague, W. W. Spatessupernumerary; Germantown, ft. B.Garriott; Hilkboro, S. H. Pollett;Little Rock, T. M. Humphrey ; Maysville, first church, M. S. Clark; secondchurch, J. T. J. Fizer; J. W. Word,supernumerary ; Moorefjeld, R. M.Lee; Mount Carmel, G. W. Boswell;Mount Olivet, Edward Allen; SaltWell, to be suppiled by E. K Kidwell ;Shannon and Sardis, W. M. Williams;Sharpsburg and Bethel, G. B. Prentice; Tilton, J. L. West; Tollesboro,W. M. Williams; Vanceburg, J. M.Harris; Washington, I. R. Hollon.Shelbyville District C. L. Bohon,presiding elder; A ndreson circuit, R.N, Bush; Bedford, James E. Wright;Bloomfield, P. C. Walker; Campbellsburg, W. R. Johnson ; Chaplin, E. L.Grilfy ; Christiansburg, J. S. Raeran ;Crestwood, Andrew C. Johnson; Lagrange, W. D. Welburn; Lawrence-buig, P. F. Adams; Milton, rJosiahGooabey ; Newcasle, C. J. Nugent;Oldham Circuit, C. W. Williams;Pleasureville.D. W. Robertson ;Shelbyville, W. O. Sadler; Salvisa, J. M.Matthews; Simpsonville, P. F. Bones;Taylorvsille,E. K. Pike; Woodlawn,J. E. Moss ; president Kingswood College, J. W. Hughes.wiiniirir iimr itiiih i ritrirn inn ni I ii" mit !'WeTYou will want us tohave it when you seeour samples and hear:: :: OUR PRICES :: ::$ $Call at this office Zvhenin need of anythingin the line ofPRINTINGMATRIMONIAL.The 'marriage of Miss MaryHedges Clay to Mr. William AdamsGrimes was quietly celebrated Wednesday evening at the home of thebride's grandmother, Mrs. Sallie B.Hedges, on Duncan avenue at 7:30o'clock, Elder Carey E. Morgan, ofthe Christian church, officiating.The wedding came in the nature ofa surprise to the friends of-this popular couple, and while their intentionswere generally known, even their mostintimate friends were not aware thatthe time of the wedding was so closeat hand.Q The ceremony was said in the presence of the immediate families of thecontracting parties, and was performed by Elder Morgan in his usualbeautiful and impressive manner. .The bride is a graduate of the Bourbon Female College, being a memberof the class of 1911, and is an unusually bright and attractive young laay,with many accomplishments and admired ny a large circle-of friends.StMr. Grimes, at present holds a position with the Agricultural Bank as abookkeeper with that establishment.He is a graduate of the Paris HighSchool and of Transylvania University, Lexington. He is popular andenjoys a wide acquaintance, bc-ing heldin the highest esteem by his largenumber of friends.Immediately after the ceremony thehappy couple left for Uirton in anautomobile from which mint theystarted on their honeymocn, withoutimparting to anyone their destination.They will be at home after October 1,130 Duncan avenue.Mr. and Mrs. Hiram Dulej, ofFlemingsburg, announce the engagement of their daughter, Elizabeth, toMr. Jos. P. Wood, of Maysville. Thewedding will take place about themiddle of October.Special Prices on Refrigerators.A few refrigerators at big reductions, left at J T Hinton's.Fine liox Candies.We am agents for Whitman's finebox candies. New shipment just in.15 2t VARDEN & SON.Paris Ties Two With Colts.The game between Paris and Lexington Tuesday afternoon resulted ina Bcore of 3 to 3, the game being called at the conclusion of the ninth inning on account of darkness. Hauserpitched for the locals while Taffertydid the slao work for the visitors. Thegame was hotly contested and neitherside scored unil the sixthThe game Wednesday afternoonwent ten innings without a score being made when it was called on account of darknessFirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal i3 nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfOysters.Fine stewingfresh daily.and frying oystersJ. E. CRAVEN.Suffers Broken Wrist.Mrs. Mary Stivers met with a painful accident Wednesday morning atthe home of her daughter, Mrs. L. B.Keal, on Henderson street, by whichshe sustained a broken wrist. Mrs.Stivers, who is seventy-one years ofage, had gone into the yard to hangsome articles on the clothes line, andthe act of raising her arms sufficientlyhigh to reach the line caused a faintnsss and she fell, catching her arm beneath her body, fracturing -the member. Mrs. Stivers suffered intenselyfrom the injury.tChildren's School Shoes.All school children are hard onshoes. Buy a pair from us nnd aee ifthey don't last lunger than the omsyou bought of the other fellow. Wehave a full line to select from,tf GEO. McWILLIAMS,The Shoe Man.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non -unioncompanies. tfGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair Gut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfEver Responsive to Genius."There is no work of genius whichhas not been the delight of mankind;no word of genius to which the humanheart and soul have not sooner orlater responded." James RussellLowelLPolice Court.. Disorderly conduct in respectablecommunities will not be tolerated bythe officials, as evidenced by the actionof Judge January in police court yesterday when five negro offenders upbefore his honor were given these orders and one couple ordered to seek alocation in another part of the town.The couple in question was HenrySmjth and Annie Custer who residedin njast Paris. They were arrested ona charge of disorderly conduct andordered to move from the communityafter a fine of $7.50 in each case hadbeen imposed.Amanda Shumate, Susan Duncanand Nathan Wells, all negroes, becamedisorderly in a house on Pleasantstreet netween Seventh 2nd Eighthresuitng in their arrest. The Shumatewoman wa3 fined 312.50. The threewere given orders to conduct themselves properly in the future or seekquarters in another locality.On a chaige of drunkenness MaryTurner and Amanda Coleman weieeflch fined S7.50 and on tne samecharge Loome Veal was fined ' andJames Stonestreet charged withdrunkenness and disorderly - conductwas fined $12.50.ROYALBAKING POWDERAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATEMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. R. L. Harney and family movedMonday fiom Missouri to the Hensonproperty.The best timothy seed always onhand.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. David Wcod and daughter,Mi?s May Wood, of Majsville, aregutsts ot Mis. R. L. Wilson, Sr.Tin.ctny seed, seed' wheat and seedrye.BUTLER & MLILER.Col. and Mrs. U, M..Best will entertain the faculties of M. M. I. and M.F. C. this evening from 7:30 until9 :30.Miss Fannie Latham left for herhome at Mayslick Wednesday after aseveral days visit to Mrs. AshbyLeer.Mrs. G. W. Judy, of Lexington, arrived Tuesday as the guest of herbrothers, Messrs. E. M. and 0. W.Ingles.Dickinson's genuine Kanawha saltfor sale. None genuine but Dickinson's, i,PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mj. J. W. Henson and family movedMonday from their home on Mainstreet to that of his son-in-aw, Mr. .O.M. Thomas.Mrs. D. r;. Clarke entertained anumber of ladies luesday with a dining in honor of the birthday of hermother, Mrs. J. C. Lajson.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M..conferred the Fellowcraft Degree onMr. A S. Miller at regular meeting, iThe work was done by Acting MasterM. P. Collier.Mr W. T. McConnell, Jr., of Mt.Olivet, was the guest of his cousin,Mr. Aaron McConnell Wednesday. Hewas enroute to the State meeting ofthe Christian church at Frankfort.Miss Minnie Harris,of Germantown,will arrive from ;Frankfort todaywhere she has been attending the Statemeeting of the Christian church as theguest of her niece, Mrs. Aaron McConnell. ari?edMfrfn NeWat jw. M. 1. NewTwo studentsYork Wednesdaystuaenis are arriving aimor. aany anayet there are sevreal to come. Theschool will be practically full when allare here.Rev. T. W. Watts, Drs. C. C. Fisherand J. O. A. Vaught returned Tuesdayfrom the Conference of the M. E.church which closed at Richmond Monday night. Rev. Watts goes to Scottstreet, Covington, and is sucepded byRev. Swift, who has been transferredto the Kentucky conference fromLittle Rock, Ark. Dr. Vaught is presiding elder of the Covington Districtand will occupy the parsonage at FortThomas.Mr. M. H. Current, aged 71, died athis home Tuesday at 12:45 a. jn. aftera lingering illness of tuberculosis ofthe bowles. He was one of Millersburg's moat prominent citizens havingbeen identified in the past with manyof the enterprises of our town.He was a native of Harrison county,ar.d was mprried when quite a youngman to Miss Pisher, residing for manyyears on his farm in Nicholas county.He moved to Millersburg about thirtyyfars aeo for the purpose of educatinghis. children. Shortly after coming herehis wite died.He was a life long member cf theMtthodist church and has token akeen interest in all its w;crk. He hasserved as trute,of the church, andfor many seals until the psst fewmonths was sujjerintfcndcnt of theSunday school, resigning after he wasunable to discharge his dutiea.and wasone of the stewards of the church atthe time of his death.Mr. Current was deply. interested inthe cause of education, and when ther.us legal battle was on between the.Vethodist conference cf the M. E.cbuich and tie pecple of MillersburgK,nrrring the removal of the Kentucky Wesl yan College, he with Dr.I. R. Best, Dr. W. M. Miller and Mr.J. A. Miller were the champions inespousing the cause of the people ofMillersburg.After the TI. S. Supreme Court hadsustained tha Kentucky Court of Appeals in moving the Kentucky Wesleyan from Millerbsurg to Winchester,l-e, with the gabove named gentlemenpurchased a lot from Mrs. M. J. Caldwell adjoining the K. W. C. propertyfor the purpose of building a trainingschool. About the time the buildingwas completed amicable arrangementswere made with the Board of Education of the K. W. C. whereby theycould use their proprety, Millersburgappointing a local board to act withand under the conrerence board. MrCurrent was a member of this boardfor several years.For a numoer of years he, wasidentified with Mr. John W. Mock asfurniture dealer and undertaker andwas also a member of tne well knownleaf tobacco firm of Ball, Thomsson &Co., and at the same time a memberof the coal and lumber firm of Current& Clarke. During the panic of lS9t5he with many others of this community was forced to make an assignment and for several years lie wasrctivci n recuperating his fortune, thishowever he did to a large degree, andwas squarely on his feet at the timeof his death. For the past Jfew yearshe has retired from business enterprises looking after his farming interests,&and resiiing with hi3 daughter, Mrs..W. S. Judy.Mr. Current was tha fatha nf tu-.daughters and one son, Mesdames J.a. oray. w. U. Mclntyre and W. SJudy, all of Millersburg, and Mr. EarlCurrent, of Lexington. The seconddaughter. Mrs. MIcntrye, died aboutten years ago. He was one of a largefamily of chilrden and is survived bythree sisters, Mesdames Harry Eales,William Payne and Lafe Endc'ott, allof Cynthiana, and Rev. Jasper Current, of Lagrange. He has been confined to his home for several monthsand was a patient quiet sufferer. Helived for several days after his deathwas hourly c xpected.The funeral took place Thursdayafternoon at 2 :30 at Methodist church,his pa3tor, Rev. T. W. Watts, officiating, assisted by Doctors C. C. Fisherand J. 0. A. Vaught. Interement inMillersburg cemetery. The followirgpall-bearers are stewards of thechurch: R. C. Chanslor, D. P. JonesT. E. Savage, E. W. Ammerman, J.F. McDaniel and Henry Patterson.The funeral was largely attendedand the services were very impressive.The floral designs were numerous, attesting-the high esteem in which th&deceased was held.The following from out of town attended the funeral : Mr. and Mrs. E.B. Current, Lexington; Rev. JasperCurrent, Louisville; Mr. C. M. McWethey and daughter, Greencastle,Ind. ; Mesdames Minnie Rule and D.B. Judy. Middlesboro: Miss Nellie; Highland, Juige Denis Dundon, Dr. J,'0. Marshall and Mr. Pearce Patan.Paris; Mr.Charles Eales, Mr. andMrs. Lafe endicott, Mr. and Mrs. William Endicott, Mr. William Payne,Cynthiana; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stuartand Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Judy, Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs.returned from aHenry Sheeler haveisit to relatives inCynthiana.Mr. M. P. Wells attended the Statemeeting of the Christian church atFranfort Thursday.Mr. T. T. Bentley has purchased theW. M. Miller property and will takepossession October 1.Elder F. M. Troy has resigned hischarge as pastor of the Christianchurch at this place, the resignation totake eirect the first of January.f Mr S C Carpenter, of this place,has been very successful at the countyiairs tnis iaii. At tnree lairs Mr.Carpenter took premiums to the valueof $1,000.Students are arriving daily at theM. F. C. This week five from onefamily in Virignia, two for the Female College andd three, for the M. M.I. matriculatec1.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Upto Date Billiard Hall.Follow theHard Hall,crowds toMann's Bil15 tfJust Received.No candy is as good as Whitman's.We are agents. Fresh lot just in.15 2t VARDEN & SON;Fall Millinery.Our fall and winter opening cf millinery will be held on October 5. Theopening this fall wili be held a littlelater than usual on account of thevery newest things in hats cannot beobtained from the wholesale housesany earlier. Wait and see the realnew styles.15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Record Sale ol Yearlings.Tho biggest sale of yearling thoroughbreds ever held in .Kentucky wasmade Tuesday when the entire crop ofyearlings of Catesby Woodford's Raceland Stud and Col. E. F. Clay's Runnymede Stud were disposed of at public outcry. The sale was held on thefarm of Mr. Wooford near this cityand was conducted by the KentuckySales Company, of Lexington. Prominent horsemen from all over the country attended and the highest pricesprevailed, bidding being spirited.Special interurban cars were run fromLexington Tuesday morning and weremet at the station by automobiles inwhich the large crowd was conveyed1 to the Woodford iarm. In the saleforty three head were offered and thesale aggregated a total of S15.505, an'average of $350 per head.The highest price of the day wasrealized on a chestnut filly, Imp StarShoot Breakwater, a sister to Running Water and Yankee Girl. The fillywas the property of Col. Clay and shewas knocked down to Harry McDaniel,who purchased her for Phil Chinn.A chestnut colt by Imp. Star Shcot,out of Sardine, and a part of theWoodford consignment, was sold to J.Miller Ward, of Paris for $1,5Q0. Thecolt is a half brother to the famousSpoin. Other sales were: Bay gelding by Star Shoot Kentucky Belle, toJohn Walters, $650 ; chestnut colt byStalwart Thirty-Third, to Wm Watlace, $600; chestnut colt by Star ShootHigh Degree, to John E. Madden.$1,000- bay celt bv Star Shoot EsteleWhitney, to - Gallagher Bros., S575;chestnut filly by Star Shoot BlueUarube, S750; chestnut colt by StarShcot Lizzio Dixon, to Jchn Walter,$375 s chestnut colt by Star ShootKeal La:e. to Henry McDaniel, $775;chestnut cc.lt by Star Shcot- QueenJieant. to J. C. Milam, $710. -IiZJI r-fl3ifiih .:&w a&it m.-. ;' 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 22, 1911i ,f.,3t 'fills BOURBON NEWS.liifc7r4ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODf ORD.. ,Express Oifice Moved.The local oSce of the Adams Express Company has been moved fromBroadway to the old postoffice buildirgon Fifth street.Pears for Preserving.Fine pears for preserving at $1.25 abushel.T. C. LENIHAN.Value of Kentucky Roads.A supplement to the last annualstatement of the Kentucky RailroadCommission gives the value of therailroads of all kinds in Kentucky atS66,800.686.and the mileage at 3,640. 73.Preserving Pears.Now is the time to preserve pears.Call 207.C. P. COOK.$200 Offered for Miscreants.Acting Governor Bruner Wednesdayoffered a reward of S200 for the arrestr f the unknown person or persons w odistributed Paris green on the farm ofJoseph Gregg in Harrison county.Rugs, Carpets and Matting.Low prices on rugs, wall paper.mattings and carpets at J. T. Hinton's.For School Children.Tablets, pens, inks, pencils and allkinds of school supplies for the children. Our prices are a little lo'erthan any other store,12 tf T. LENIHAN.Goes to Georgetown.Mr. W. S. Hughes, of this city, whohas been appointed .o the Georgetownagency of the Singer Sewing 'MachineCo., and has moved his family to thatcity from Paris, where they will maketheir future home.McCiure & Clendenin writeFire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Farm Sold.Mrs. S. K. Proctor, of Millersburg,and Mr. Wra. Cooper, of Carlisle,beneficiaries by the will of the late W.M. Hamilton of Millersburg, sold afarm of 176 acres on the Cynthianapike, about three miles from Millersburg, to Mr. 0. R. Rankin, of thatplace. The price was private.Close Prices on Wall Paper.I am making some specially closeprices on wall paper.J. T. HINTON.Seed Wheat and Rye.See us before buying yourseedwheat and seed rye and timothy.22 3t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Closed.On account of holiday our store willbe closed tomorrow, Saturay, Septemoer 23. We will be open in the evening at 6'o'clock.DAN COHEN.Appointments to be Made Satur-day.The Bourbon County Boad of Election Commissioners composed cfSheriff A. S. Thompson, Messrs. B. B.Marsh and M. R. Jacoby met Wednesday to appoint jlthe officers for theNovember election. However, theBoard ajdourned without taking anyaction until Saturday when the appointments will be madeThat Election Hat.If the hat you win on the electioncomes from Davis it will be right instyle, and rightfcin quality. Agent fortne Davis, Knox and Stetson, the besthats in the world. -J. W. DAVIS & CO.Quinces for Preserves.We have a nice lot of quinces forpreserving. Phone us your order early.SAUER.Chas. Hairs Will Probated.The will of the late Mr. Chas. Hsllwas probated in Georgetown Monday.He leaves all of his estate, both realand personal to his widow, Mrs. Maggie Hll. Mr. Jos. M. Hall, of Paris,a Drother of the deceased, was namedas executor. Mr. Hall had an insurance policy on his life for 6,000 whichis payable ro his widow.Fdd's for Fall Footwear.Closed Tomorrow.On account of tomorrow beirg aJewish holiday our store .vili be cloeed.HARRY SIMON.D. S. Jordan Resigns,Mr. D. S. Jordan, who for a numberof years has held the position of ticketagent at the Louisvilie & Nashvillepassenger station in this city, has resigned his position with the companyand has accepted a position with theMetropolitan Life Irsurance Co in thiscitv. Mr. Jordan has many friendsamong the traveling public who regretto hear of his resignation, but the sincere hope of all is that he will e substantially benefited by this move-.Grapes, Grapes.-All you want at 20 cents a basket.C. P. COOK. -PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Frank Burns is quite ill oftyphoid fever.Mrs. J. A. Stern js visiting relatives in New York.Col. Jcs. Hedge?,of Pewee Valley,is visiting friends in the county.Mrs. Emmett Stringer, of thiscity, is visiting in Pittsburg, Ky.Editor N. H. McNew, of Carlisle,was a visitor in Paris Wednesday.Mrs. Mattie Clark, of this city, isvisiting Mrs. Lee in Georgetown.Messrs. Geo. M". Hill and ThomasCain, of Frankfort, are in the city.Mrs. Withers Divis and daughter,are visiting relatives in Winchester.Mr. W. J. Clark, of this city, wasin Maysville Wednesday on business.Mr. R. M. Rice is the guest of Mr.Henry Cay wood in North Middletown.-fMrs Peter Schumann, cf Maysville, is visiting relatives in this city.Mr. B. F. Goodman, of this city,visited friends in Maysville Wednesday. Mrs. J. W. Davis is the guest ofher si3ter, Ms. Bailey Berry in Lexington. Mrs. Dudley MeClintock, ofChester, is the guest of Mr. andWinMrs. Alex Rice.Mr. Edwin Sweeney, of Columbus,Ind., is the guest of hia mother, Mrs.Alice Sweeney.Dr. A. H. Keller was a visitor inLouisville Wenedsday and Thursday onprofessional business.Miss Jessie Claywell is confined toher home, in Henry Addition by an attack of typhoid feverMrs. Edw. Rassenfoss has returned from an extended visit to friends inOhio and Pennsylvania.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon willspend tomorrow and Sunday in Cincinnati guests of relatives.Miss Enda Huffman, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Wra. Huffman, who hasbeen quite ill i3improving.Mis. Curtis Henry has returnedfrom a visit tn her parents, Mr. andMrs. H. B. Burnaw, in Carlisle.Mr. Bruce Davis, of Lexington,was the guest of his aunt, Miss AnnaMay Davis, Tuesday and Wednesday.Miss Minnie Shy &nd Mr. and Mrs.Homer Shy have returned from a visitti Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Shy in Louisville. Mrs. D. R. Thompson, of Maysville, who has been visiting friendshere for several days, has returnedhome.A marriage license was issuedTuesday to Mr. J. F. Green and MissMartha Richards, both of Bourboncounty.Mr. A. M. Dolph, of Cincinnati,president of the Paris Gas axt Electric Co., has been in the city for several days.Prof, and Mrs. Beard, of Maine,who have been the guests of Mr. andMrs. W. H. Harris, returned this weekto their home.Mr. John W. Fightmaster has returned from Colorado, where he hasbeen for the benefit of his health,much improved.Mrs. W. B. Ardery and little sonwho have been visiting her parents,Elder and Mrs. I. J. Spencer, in Lexington, have returned home.Hon. E. M. Dickson entertained anumber of gentleman friends on Tuesday evening with a dinner in honor ofDr. John Sweeney, of Chicago.-Mesdames W. E. Simms, W. R.Scott, Thomas Funk, Custis Tablottand Elder Carey E. Morgan and Mr.D. Y. L. Farley attended the Chritian church convention in FrankfortTuesday.Mr. James Barlow shows some improvement fiom his critical illness athis home near Clintonville, thiscounty. His brother, Mr. Clifton Barlow, of Ballard county, who was summoned to his bedside has returnedhome.Mr. and Mrs. Ormond Summervilleand two children of Alabama, arrivedthis week to be the guests of Dr. andMrs. J. T. Vansnnt. Mr. Summervillereturned home Wednesday, the rest ofthe family remaining for a severalweeks' stay in the Blue Grass.Mr. W. K. Phillips, local managerof the Postal Telegraph Co., will leavetomorrow for Memphis, 'Term., wherehe will spend a week with his parents,Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Phillips. Duringhis absence the business of his officewill be looked after by Mr. John D.Coons. v .Mrs. W. R. Davis and daughter,Miss Nell Davis, of Springfield, Mo.,are the guests of Mrs. Davis' sister,Mrs. E. A. Long, on Mt. Airy avenueat the home of Mr. and Mrs. AlexRice. Mrs Davis is a daughter of thelate Major Simmons, of North Middletown. This is her first visit to her oldhome in twenty years and the firsttime the sisters have met in that time.The Hamilton Guards the juvenileoragnization of the lucal chapter ofthe Daughters of the Confederacy,were delightfully entertained yesterday afternoon at the Confederate roomin' the ccurt house by Mrs. Robert H.Stoner, in honor of her mother, Mrs.John S. Williams, of Mt. Sterling, ;forwhom the organization was named.The room was beautifully d'cor&ted,the colors being led and white, andthe scheme was carried cut in carrations. The littls guests wore whitedresses and red r.ows, the ccters ofthe ora:ai ization. The children mades'roit "speeches upon the subject of"Confederates" and Mrs. Stoner toldin an entertaining manner of the cxpt tienes cf her mother, Mrs Williams, during the days of the rebellion.A luncheon of chicken salad, croquetes,sandwiches, punch, ice cream anu cakewere! served the guests, also pink andwhite mints. A beautiful box of candywas given each little truest oy Mrs..cr. r as a souvenir of the occasion... vWill Close Tomorrow.Our store will be closed tomorrowon account cf it being a Jewish holidav. Order your meat today. Storewill be open at 6 p. m.H. MARGOLEN.336 Killings and 2 Hangings.The past year has been almost arecord for killings in Boyle county,there having been seven to this date.Since the county was established in1842 there have been 366 killings,eleven being the fmost in one year.In all that time there have been butthree legal hangings,PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK, IMPLEMENTS ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS.Having rented my farm and concluded to quit farming, I will sell on thepremises, beginning at the hour of teno'clock a. m, onWednesday, October 1 8, 1 91 1all my stock, crop and farming utensils, household and kitchen furniture,etc:1 pair Percheron mares,5 and 6 yearsom, good workers, in foal1 pair extra mare mules,years old.1 pair mare mules.1 sorrel horse.1 Gambetta .Wilkes mare,furnished at sale, in foal4 and 5pedigreeto BaronRhythmic.1 yearling black filly, out of Gambetta Wilkes, by Locanda.Also suckling colt at didcanda.by Lo-1 six year old good road horse.1 five year old gelding, good familyhorse.3 No. 1 Jersey milk cowa.1 yearling Jersey heifer to calvesoon.1 jgocd steer calf.35 good breeding ewes.2 No. 1 Southdown bucks.56 fat hogs.2 two-horse wagons.2 binders,, good is new.2 new Avery riding cultivators.1 No. 1 Deering mower.1 Randall harrow.2 breaking plows.1 good two-horse slide.1 brand new scalding trough.1 good cider mill.1 No. 1 drag.1 No 1 Black Hawk corn planter.2 No. 1 sets wagon harness.25 acres of ccrn and lot of timothyand clover hay in barn.All kinds of farming implements andcarpenter's tools, etc , too numerousto mention.1 parlor svi.3 bed room sets.Rugs, carpets, chairs, etc.15 Bronze turkeys.150 chickens, all kinds.TERMS Made known on day ofH. O. JAMES, Agent.Geo. D. Spsakes, Auctioneer.Also at the same time and place, 1will rent 24 acres of grass land untilMarch 1 or 15, 1912.FOR SALE.Two thousand sawed tobacco sticks.Inquire at Bourbon News office.FOR RENT.Home place of Mrs. Kate ButlerKinder, three and one-half miles fromParis on Cane Ridge pike. 35 acres forcorn, 40 acres for wheat, 10 acres fortobacco. Never failing water. Moneyrent. Possession given March 1, 1912.East Tennesseephone 746.MRS. KATE B. KINDER,300 East Main St.,19 2t Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.A few selected yearling SouthdownbuclcsJAS. H. THOMPSON,15 3t Route 8, Paris, Ky.SaleI will offer at public sale on thepremises one-half mile from Millersburg, on Mayvsille and Lexington pikeas administrator of Rachael J. Chanslor, deceased, at1 O'clock p. m., Sept. 30, '1 1the following property :1 bay horse about 11 years old.Good work mare, 9 years old.1 yearling mule.2 long yearling steers.1 milch cow.4 brood sows.12 gilts.69 head of shoats.The hogs are all thoroughbred DurocJerseys.Lot of household furniture.J. C. JEFFERSON,Administrator.FOR RENT.Modern cottage ofelectric light and gas.5 rooms, bath,Good stable onpremises. Apply toMRS. ELlZABEm V. BISnOP.29 tf E T. Phone 591.International Corn Husker good asnew. vSAM FJFL CLAY.23 tf , , " ,R. F. D. No. 3.PublicVole For the Riqiif Council.Vote for the Councilmen that willstand by the Mayor for whatever isright, Friday. The gentlemen whosenames appear below will all work forthe best interests of Paris:FIRST WARD.Chas. P. Cook,Dr. W. T. Brooks,Geo. D. Speakes.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton, .C. E. Butler,J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin. (It)Immense Stock Wall PaperBig variety of wall paper to selectfrom, and it must be sold. Bargainsfor you.J. T. HINTON.A VJCTROLAFOR FIFTY DOLLARS!VICTOR-VICTROLA IXHeretofore Victrolas 'havebeen made to sell at $250,S200, $150, $100 and $75.Now the Victor people havebrought out a beautiful Victrola for $50 in Mahogany orQuartered Oak, 12-inch turntable, double-spring motor,Victor tapering arm, allmetal parts nickle plated.Stop in, See and Hear It.DAUGMTY BROS.VERY SPECIALCome in and Get Them-HnmI will sell you LAWN and, been aoie 10 Duy ic.1 A few HAMMOCKS-J TCSFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night- and Sunday Thones,vW. 0. Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.I a Ams mmmwr amwmmmm9mmmmm fiizfiiDiooi1 These Are Opening Days With Us.mJ Our line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and bestselected in the history of our business, and consists of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets. .mDress Goods.am The new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &c.H Velvets For Suits and Dresses.g White Corduroy, the Novelty.H Our Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings The largest in this part of the State.J. Red Letter Day,J Wednesday, September 27th.J Ten (10) S. & H.' Green Trading Stamps Free.5 W. Ed TuckerWE ARE READY FOR YOU ftIFee's CashFor ThisChase & Sanborn's SpecialCoffee, 30c value, perChase & Sanborn's Bonita -75c value, per lbIIChase & Sanborn's High-Grade Coffee, wmpk35c value, per lb l9John Hoffman's Cured Meats and Dried Salts,Market Price.Paris Purity Flour, 25-lb. sack l70cParis Fairy Patent Flour, 25-lb. sack 65cFresh Pies' and Cakes Daily.FEE'SI HAVE SOMETO OFFER YOU ON;.ir()1,f(.-,f"v'r- ' p--'! rA 'il"Httj'!'7"Wi IiT T" iWALLPAPEBPORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.i:x2srT03sr- AM AM .c "i IOpCUdU.Week.BrandlbTea,50cIPRICESCarpets,Mattin25ciMmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 21, 1911.JlMFREE REMEDY HELPS GHILDRENMany a mother has learned of a-way of avoiding sickness in her family, especially among the children, bythe use of a free sample bottle of thefamous laxative, Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. This offer of the doctor's tosend a free sample bottle has been responded to by thousands of womenin all parts of America.Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is atruly wonderful laxative and especially adapted to the needs of babiesand children because it is pleasant totaste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is 'allhat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for the-whole family because it is effectiveat all ages. It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should not be given to children under any circumstances.Nine times out of ten when a childcomplains and you don't know exactly what is the matter with it, itneeds a laxative its bowels are constipated. Syrup Pepsin will correctthe trouble, tone up the child andsoon itwill be well again wonderful results have been secured withSyrup Pepsin over night.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, thelatter being the family size, but youare invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address today and he will sendyou a free sample bottle direct toyour home. Then when satisfied buyit of your favorite druggist.For the free sample address him.Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding, Monticello, 111.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentTHOUGHT SHE WAS THE BOSSWe Are Now Showing Our Complete Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hats and Furnishing Coods.At $15 we are showing a nobby line of newbrown Suits in the famous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.Lain Brand and Chults Shirts at 1 and $1.50.W. L. Douglas & Co. Shoes at 2.50, 3, $3.50and 4French's fine hand-hame Shoes to: men specialat $4.Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 best in the world.We are showing a full line of Trunks, Suit Casesand Traveling Bags.Twin BrosLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentAmusing Finish of Kansas City Woman Who Gave Crossing PolicemanOrders From Her Auto.Kansas City, Mo. One of the patrolmen at Eleventh and Walnut streets,in the retail center, who was endeavoring to enforce a new crossing rulefor vehicles, raised his hand andcaused the ' chauffeur of a large limousine to stop the car the other day.The woman in the motor car leanedforward and said petulantly to herchauffeur:"Go ahead, go ahead; don't stophere!"The chauffeur started, and the policeman, E. O. Bjorkbach, raised hishand again, stopping him.The woman leaned forward againand said:"This chauffeur takes orders fromme. How dare you countermandthem?"The policeman raised him helmetand explained that maybe at home shegave the orders to the chauffeur, butthat at Eleventh and Walnut streetshe gave orders. The -woman lost hertemper. From a silver case she drewa card and pencil and took the policeman's number."I shall tell my husband, and he willattend to your case with your superiors," she said indignantly.The next day the same woman appeared at the same corner in herlimousine. She beckoned to the policeman from the car."I owe you an apology," she said. "Itold my husband, just as I threatened. , He told me you ought to have arrested me."VInternational GasolineENGINESINCUBATORS AID PIG GROWERmmmmL. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No.Trains ArriveFROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily134 Lexington, Ky., Daily29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday37 Cincinnati, O., Dnily3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily ...33 Cincinnati, O., Daily26 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday25 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily38 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily5 Maysville, Ky., Daily39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday30 Lexington, Ky., Daily8 Louisville & Frankfort. Daily Except Sunday32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily . .14 Lexington, Ky., Daily31 Cincinnati, O., DailyNo.3442974010137373313362625Trstixs IDe-psirtTO..5 21..5.18..7.35..7.38..7.55..8.12..9.50.10.0510. P2.10.18.11.50..3.10..3.15. .3.22..3.25..5.25..5.40..6 12..6.01..6 17.10.27.10:45amamamamamamamjam jamamampmpmpmpmpmpmDmampmpmpmPennsylvania Farmer's ExperimentWith Young Porkers Saves TheirLives Had Been Chilled.Hinesdale, Pa. Incubators as an aidto pig culture are enthusiastically recommended by E. H. Karslake, a successful farmer who resides a fewmiles north of here in Wayne county.An experiment conducted by Karslake converted him, and it is probablethat puny little pigs ushered into being on his farm hereafter will gettheir first glimpse of the worldthrough the glass of his incubator.Ninety chicks had been removedfrom the incubator just before thebirth of a litter of pigs, two of whichwere chilled and appeared to be dying.He placed the small patients in thewarm, cozy box, and in a short timethey were kicking and squealing lustily. In the meantime other membersof the new family showed signs of being chilled, and they, too, were placedin the incubator.Karslake had no time to remove theeggshells and other debris from theincubator, and when two of his children returned from school and peeped in they saw something that causedthem to yell and run helter-skelter totheir mother. It was hard to convincethem that the pigs had not been hatched from the chickens' eggs.The patients were removed from theimprovised hospital the next day, andthey are now in excellent health..sMi;teAll Types of E milage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.3932813303113Cincinnati. O. , DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday.Cincinnati, O., Daily Except SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., DailyKnoxville, Tenn., DailyJacksonville, Fla. , DailyLexington, Ky., DailyMaysville, K., DailyC3Tnthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday38 Cincinnati, O., Daily9 Kowland, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Excejrt Sunday ,Cincinnati, O. , DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington. Ky.. DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexingt u K.. DailyAtlanta, Ga., Daily ,..5.28 am..5.35 am..7.47 am..7.43 am..8.20 am..8.20 am. .9.57 am..9.55 am.10.18 am.10.21 am.11.52 am.11.51 am..3.30 pm. .3.4o pm. .5.48 pm..5.50 pm..6.22 pm..6.25 pm..6.25 pm..6.35 pm.10.53 pm.10.55 pmPIGS LOSE THEIR FAT JOBScfeCTIMSl-IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains ArriveUo. from2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sund a . .4 Frankfort, Ky. , Dai'y E ocpt Si-nday8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only..8.13 am..3 40 pm..6.01 pm.10.00 pmTreiixis DepartJtfo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday.1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday.7.10 am.7.43 am.9.53 am.5.55 amNew Hav.en Tries Hogs as GarbageRemovers, but They Cost HimMore Than Human Workers.New Haven, Conn. With grunts ofdissatisfaction it was announced herethat New Haven's elaborate plan forthe economical disposition of garbagehas proved a failure.On January 1st last the city lawmakers, on looking over the bills forcollecting and disposing of the garbage, were amazed to note that thecost of the work was greater than, intheir estimation, it should be. Theymet in solemn conclave and decided,after a lengthy discussion, to buy adrove of pigs, fatten them on thepieces de resistance that had survivedmeal hours ,and sell the husky porkers.The pigs fell into the plan enthusiastically, but when the aldermen gottogether they found that the experiment was costing at the rate of $54,000a year, most of which represented theinvestment in the pigs.BBT.HBBHCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decay6f bones, kill:? ambition, often causesloss of appetite; and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & bon..'MWiWiWlis2immsTWIN BROS.Department Store This Week:Aprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.mBROSTWTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyAy8SMEW WHEAT IS PERFECTEDFederal Expert, After Four Years ofExperimenting, Makes ImportantDiscovery in Chule.Bloodlne Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Bheum, Pimples, Bas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodlne Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.QBloodlne Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChecker manently, cures aCough. Croup, "Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harriette Wells Allen, Gaffney. S.C. says:I Jwve had Bronchitis for about twenty years andHs the first neiidne that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Wisdom of Women. iMan who went lo sleep with all hishair awoke to" find half of it cut off.Ought to take a tip from the woman.They always nut theirs away for, thenight New York Herald. 'Cut.Ella She is considered the flowerof the family. Stella And since heroperation she feels, she says, thatshe can Declassed in "the list of "'cutflowers." 'Chico, Cal. After four years experimenting at the national introductiongardens near this city a variety ofwheat known as chule, introduced into the United States from Turkestan,H. E. Blanchard, western cereal expert of the department of agriculture,has succeeded in separating a purewhite seed from the mixture whichhas contaminated it practically eversince its introduction. In tests justcompleted the new wheat has averaged fifteen to twenty hushels moreto the acre than the white Australianvariety, which is accepted as standardby the farmers of the west Mr.Blanchard considers the segregationof the new grain one of the greatestforward steps in wheat culture inmany years.Gets 175-Pound Swordfish.Avalon, Cal. A. W. McNeal of Cincinnati, fishing with Captain Danielson, brought in the second swordfishof the season, which weighed 175'pounds. The angler was only compelled to fight his catch for thirtythree minutes, which is probably therecord time for landing a fish of thiskind. .,ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Councilmen from their respective Wards,subject to the action- of the Democratic City Primary September 22,1911 :FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks.C. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.iSLEsS Z .. SECOND WARD. SLS3LW. O. Hinton. 3":ISSSSC. E. Butler.J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.iSssS,irre?i5t j is L!?5?f tojrfifetaHittsi?Ln,,Under f e sun, norcS" tathebitterestedd.It s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged themetal. Our aronfe o.Tti; r. "'?.? 1J,sJ""i,ie.?s.si?KS or Igamated ARC HOOFING should fail to satisfy " IU" AmAMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, IU.T IParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Pans, Ky.FIRST WARD.L. Wollstein. 'SECOND WARDDr. Wm. KenneyD. C. Parrish.William Ardery.THIRD WARD.John McCarthy.Vote tor the Right Council.Vote for the Councilmen that willstand by the M ayor for whatever isright, Friday. The gentlemen whosenames appear below will all work forthe best interests of Paris:, FIRST WARD.Chas. P. Cook,Dr. W. T. Brook,Geo. D. Speakes.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hintor.,O. E. Butler,J. "Simms Wilson. ,' tTHIRD WA1P , ,Harry Baldwin.' ji - v M tt "-Lexington TROTSOctober 3-14Greatest in the WorldTJHT.AN 1-r3 Woxld's chpiovTrolterXJ A JL Uiil 1 1 .JC4 Appears Three Times.$2 1,000 Futurity - - Tuesday, Oct. 33,000 Tennessee Stake - Tuesday, Oct. 35,000 Futurity - - Wednesday, Oct. 43,000 McDowell Stake Wednesday, Oct. 45,000 Transylvania Stake Thursday, Oct. 5Great Free For All Pace Friday, Oct 68,000:Champ. Stallion Stake Mond'y, Oct. 93,000 Walnut Hall Cup - Monday, Oct. 9- 2,000 Free For All Trot Tuesday, Oct. 10I very World's Champion from Yearling up, PresentSensational Racing Daily.MUSIC BY WEBER. - HALF-FARE ON-RfllLROflDSoITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUC Y 'SEPf: 21, 1911iVDoctor Said"Try Cardui," writes Mrs. Z. V. Spell, of Hayne, N. C" I was in a very low state of health, and was not able tobe up and tend to my duties. I did try Cardui, and soonbegan to feel better. I got able to be up and help do myhousework. I continued to take the medicine, and now Iam able to do my housework and to care for my children,and I feel as though I could never praise Cardui enoughfor the benefits I have received."Cardui is successful, because it is made especially forwomen, and acts specifically on the womanly constitution.Cardui does one thin?, and does it well. That explainsthe great success which it has had, during the past 50 years,in helping thousands of weak and ailing women back tohealth and happiness.If you are a woman, feel tired, dull, and are nervous,cross and irritable, it's because you need ,a tonic. Why nottry Cardui? Cardui builds, strengthens, restores, and actsin every way as a special, tonic remedy for women. Testit for yourself. Your druggist sells Cardui. Ask him.Writee to: Ladies Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga. TennInstructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55for SpecialDR.DOLLE'SIMOTITIITC Where MEN are CURED, iinOIIIUIC LET ME CURE YOU!FINEST EQUIPPCD INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, WO PAYFAMOUS FOB 20 XEABS.Difficult Surgical Operations performedvith ekill and success when surgery is necessaryLOWEST CHARGESOf any Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cured,TOUXG MEN A3TD AM. MEN, COME.S3 1 1 I? Q PERMANENT CUBE, withouts llaCiO tho knife. One treatment cures. ,VARICOCELENO KNIFE. Cured laOne Treatment.DIIDTIIDC Stricture, Etc. CurednUr I llnEyby Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Bolls, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostate(xland, Bneumatlsm,NcrTOUs Troubles.UVnDnPCIE Cured in One Visit. NofllUnUuCLX knife. So danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the'DolIeflan" of not one dollar to be paid unlesscured. Better come thousands of miles to hareDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat tho undertakers, and write-today for 64 pag'e Book Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that I can write you justwhat is needed in your case. .521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0 JBLOODPOCured by the Marvel of the!Century, B. B. B. Tested for!30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for lioiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Vj rden & Son.Notice Posted.." All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or prnpeity ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.29 6t Hume and Bedford Pike.JRnnie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing' 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669NOTICE.All accounts due the firm "t Yrkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted toihm will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on accrunt of a change in the firm.Refectfuly.3S tfj MM IYERKES KENNEY.specialist! " f'M5i Jk- Mil MJ .iffill isON21Worn.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.HAnnouncementj I have locatpd in Paris for the purj pose ofconducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handlel youri buildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERCITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity CollectorVote for the Right Councilman."Vote for the Councilman that willstand by the Mayor for whataver isright, Friday. The gentlemen whosenames appear below will all work forthe best interests of Paris:FIRST WARD.Charles P. Cook.Dr. W. T. Brooks,Geo. D. Speakes.SECOND WARD.W. O Hinton,C. E. Butler,J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD. tHarry Baldwin. h ' (It),Three Paris Churches., as StoreHouses.2 Three deserted smd abandonedchurch buildings where in the longago gathered scores of worshippers tolisten to the words of wisdom that fellfrom the lips of the most renownedpreachers of their day, now stand inthis city as silent testimonials to themarch of progress, and the necessityof more coirmodiuus quarters.2 The recent unions of the two Presbyterian congregations of Paris doomtdthe old home of the First Presbytreiancongregation on tne corner of Pleasantana Fcurth streets, and it ha& formany months been occupid as amusical instrument storeroom, and asa private music school. The puplitfurniture, benches, and the old bell,which had been in use for sixty-threeyears, were sent as a donation fromthe Presbyterians of Paris to Buckhorn, twenty miles fom Jackson, andinstalled in the Presbyterian churchthere. The old building was erectedin 1845, being the fourth bulidingerected here by the First Presbyteriancongregation since the establishmentof the iaith in Paris. It was occupiedby the Federal troops as a hospitalfar a short period during the CivilWar. A war claim of $1,700 was recently allowed by the Government.the old Christian church on the corner of Main and Eighth streets, oncethe home of the largest and wealthiestchurch congregation in the city, hasbeen used since the erection of the newbuilding on High street as a convention hall, seed storage warehouse, auction room, bowling alley, skating rink,and more recently as a moving picturetheater. A few days ago it passed inti the nands of a local commission firmwho alter remodeling the structurewill move into the building. The building was erected in 1858, and was dedicated in June, 1859. The most famouspulpit orators of this powerful religous sect have preached within itswalls.The old Baptist church on the cornerof Main and Sixth streets, was erectedin 1867-8, and was abandoned a littleover a year ago, when a handsomestone and brick building of modern design was erected near the corner ofMain and Tenth streets. The old building was ssld to a New York firm, whointended replacing it with a modernthree story buisness house, but thematter is still in abeyance." They stand like lonely sentinels, stillguardians of glorious memories of pastgreatness and as reminders of the olatruism that "The old must give wayto the new."ft Good Ticket to Vote For.The gentlemen named below are inevery way qualified to make good Councilmen. Vote for them Friday, Sept.22:FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks,Chas. P. Cook,Geo. D. Speakes.SECOND WARD.J. Simms Wilson,Chas. E. Butler,W. O. Hinton.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin. . (It)Has Millions oi Friends.How would you like to number yourfriends by the millions as Bucklin'sArnica Salve does? Its astoundingcures in .the pat fort3r years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczema, burns,boils, scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyes,sprains, swellings, bruises, cold sores.Has no equal forties. 252 at Oberdorfer's. How's This.fWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable inall business transactions and financially able t.o carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constupation. is the only emulsion imim. m m mmtated. The reason is plainit's the best. Insist uponhaving Scott's it's Ltheworld's standard flesh andstrength builder.ALL DRUGGISTSWASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort 'to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere In your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and .healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. We assure you of instant relief.O.S. Vat den &Ton.'Sill TO CATTLEEffect of Human Voica Is Soothing, Says Ranchman."Chapo" Bedecked Puncher of OldenDays Has Passed With the "Gunman," Declares W. H. Gray,a Texas Veteran.St Louis, Mo. "Singing cattle tosleep at a round-up is not an uncommon occurrence," said W. H. Gray,Civil war veteran, real estate dealerand owner of a cattle ranch seventeenmiles west of Amarillo, Tex., to agroup of friends on his return recently from the Lone Star state."We have a round-up on my ranchabout twice a year. The cattle do notsee a human being for perhapsmonths at a time, and as a result arepretty wild," continued Mr. Gray."The cowboys form a large circle andgradually begin to drive the cattle in.When the different herds are drive 1into one large circle the work ofbranding begins."A round-up, however, sometimeslasts for two weeks or more, and thetask of keeping the cattle together isnot an easy one. At night they become restless and if they are allowedto move too much a stampede islikely."The method of keeping the cattlequiet was discovered in a unique wayseveral years ago. During one of theround-ups the cattle were more thanordinarily restless. A large force ofcowboys were kept guarding the circle despite the fact that they had allhelped with the branding during theday. The next day the work was notdone half so well because of the iossof sleep from which the men suffered."That evening one of the cowboyswho had been, with us only a fewmonths and who had come fron theeast rode out and began to circle thecattle. The other men were eatingsupper, and, being lonesome, the easterner began singing a melodious tune.After a few minutes a cow droppeldown on her side to sleep, followed byher calf. One by one the others prepared to rest for the night, and withina half hour there was no poss'bilitvof a stampede and no need of a heavyguard. The other cowboys finishedtheir supper and, mounting theirhorses, went out to begin the tedioustask of watching the cattle. Whenthey arrived they saw that most ofthe cattle were lying down, so theywithdrew a few yards to watch theanimals and their partner, who wasstill riding around the circle singing."When told later on of the feat hehad accomplished the cowboy was angry, believing that he was beingjoshed,' but soon he was convincedthere was no joke, and now instead ofthrowing a heavy guard around thecattle one of the men simply ridesaround for ahout Lalf an hour andsings and the cattle go to sleep."Friends living in eastern statesand in England who have never visited a ranch often have asked m aboutthe mode of the cowboys' dress. Thefringed 'chaps' are not worn in Texasas a usual thing. The romantic-lookingcowboy with the white or blackhairy 'chaps, a long, dangerous-lookingdagger and a large caliber revolver stuck in his belt is a thing of thepast He has passed with the gunman. It is against the law in Texasfor any one to have any kind of a re--olveror concealed weapon on hisperson, in his belt or in a holster attached to his saddle. It is also contrary to Texas laws to carry a knifemore than six inches long. The lawspertaining to the sale of intoxicatingliquors also are strict, so that nowTexas is just as civilized as any otherstate."BLACK CROW !S A BIG RIVERTributary of Yukon Found to Be Hundreds of Miles Long New Outletto Northern Canada.Oltawa, Ontario. A big river has.been discovered in Canada. It is newin the sense that no one had any conception of its extent.The Porcupine river is a tributaryof the the Yukon. It has a tributaryknown as' the Black Crow. Until amonth or so ago no one believed thatthe Black Crow was more thantwenty or thirty miles long. It is nowknown to be hundreds of miles long.The discoverers are the surveyorsdelineating the international boundary In the far north. The last wordt eceived from them was that they hadtraversed three hundred miles of theBlack Crow. Access to the Arcticocean will be rendered much easiertrom the northern portion of CanadianterritoryOld-Time Consumption Cure.London. The publication of thefinal report of the royal commissionon tuberculosis recalls . the elaborate"cure" for consumption in the past.There is the French "cure," for instance, which Sterne survived. Sternewas taken ill in Paris and the bestmedical advice was sought. The verdict was consumption. And the prescription proved worse than the malady. First of all, a cockerel had tobe" procured to be ' flayed alive andpounded in a mortar. This executed,the result was boiled together withpoppy seeds, and to the broth thusspoiled a crawfish was added. Moreover, it was absolutely necessary thatit should be a male crawfish, otherwise the docior would not guaranteethe "cure." And Sterne took his gruellike an Englishman and still lived on!MKHELIN3emk"Anti -Lookfa vKtMttignhardened Steel f LeaiHer trediAnti-Skid I -g-Tn l " "A fledWI Studs do prevent SijSSHESSw " BO"Vw skidding jBSfftggvNs ponctaringIN STOCK BYBourbon Garage and Supply Co.Fourth and High StreetsThe October Woman's HomeCompanion.The October Woman's Home Companion contains the first chapter of anew serial, "The Poor Lady,' byMary E. Wilkins Freeman. It is astory of modern American life, and ischiefly concerned with two womenone, an ambitious and unscrupulouswife; the other, fine, high minded andwomanly.In the sama number a well knownfinancial authority writes an article ofinterest and importance to everywoman. He describes the snares set bydishonest buisness concerns to catchwomen investors, and tells manystories of jeal life illustrating hispoints.Other notable articles are: "Experiments in Spending," "The Girlhood of Madame Schumann Heink,""The Moving Picture Show," "MoneyMaking at Home" and "WomenPainters of America."On the practical side the OctoberCompanion is of special value. Itsgreat fashion and household departments are unusually full of useful suggestions and entertaining reading.Kills a Murderer.A merciless murderer is Appendicitis with many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Piils kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constipation, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that w are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives Instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, Sept. 17, '11,Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.Skidsontee&tfgmgesftcumiflgarages jA Fierce Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of a.child, suddenly attacked by croup.Often it aroused Lewis Chamblin, ofManchester, O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they would die, but since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for croup and forcoughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others.So'may you. Asthma, Hay JFevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly belore it. 50c and fi.00Trial bottlefree. Sold bv Oberdorfer.Man's Best Friend.State appellate court rules that adog sleeping in a hallway is not apublic nuisance. f'.-n't imagine anywhere else that a sleeping dog wouldbe a nuisance.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and- feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.nfrninargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. IBIOm!r- Ar-T'g-pif 0mi mf"t-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 22,1911.THE BIGiH HBtScijksfINIS N EARING THE ENDt'Never again will you have such an opportunityto buy new Fall goods at prices less than cost ofraw material. All Men's Suits, new Fall, 1911,models, at about one-half the regular price.Buy now and save money.ciSHSP lis:Bonn iei ""'w",,w""i"l,,Bl","BIIMW11WBWMIInBBBBBiMW(, (py .The Home of Better Clothes, 426 Main Street, Paris, KentuckyFit Your Girls and Boys with a Pair of Our GoodWearing Up-to-Date School Shoes.Every Shoe in this collection is made of good material that yill standro ugh wear. The styles are up-to-date and insure the wearer a comfortable fitting Shoe.The prices are unusually lew, quality considered, and could not beduplicated at any other store unless at much higher prices.We are now ready with many entirely new Fall styles for Men,Women and Children that are exclusively shown at our store.Specials For This WeekLadies' Gun Metal Buttonmirspc larf Kali cf-wTcm hight toes and heals.Special 1.Ladies' Bench-made Shoesin Velvet, Tan and GunMetal.Special.....$2.99Boys' Box Calf Shoes, OakSoles and Counters. Will&tand rough wear.mSpecial.S.ices.Special99cmMen's latest style Tan, GunMetal and Patent Colt Button and Lace.Special ...Little Gents' Box CaiMen's Gun Metal ButtonShoes, $2.50 value.5fe 1.99Christmas Seal Has Besn GivenApproval.The sale uf Red Cross Christmasseals this year will be carried on alongbroader lines and will be larger andmore comprehensive than ever before," jis tne inrcrniation given out by theNational Anti-Tuberculosis Association. This bulletin of the NationalAssociation states further that the order of Postmaster General prohibitingcertain stamps and seals doe3 noc apply at all in case of the Christmas seal.The seal this year has been definitelyapproved by Postmaster GeneralHitchcock.The new seal will depict a very pretty winter scene. In the upper lefthand corner will appear a small redcross. The entire design is inclosedwith a heavy red circle. The year isexpressed in Roman numerals and theonly other words are "American RedCross, Merry Christmas, Happy NewYear." The corners of the aeal are inwhite, thus giving the effect of a circular seal when affixed to letters andpackages.The only prohibition in the use ofthe Red Cross seal this year is thattheymust not be used on the face ofletters or packages, but must be placed eisewnere man on tne tace, in anyiuuiuiiics.Wanted.Canvassing agents at -once for thesale of "Compendium of EverydayWants, "the book of general necessity,price $1.50; also for "The Devil'sBride," a wonderful religous allpgory,price $1.U0. Either outfit sent postpaid for ten cents. Fifty per centcommission to agents. Big sellers.AddressA. B. KUHLMAN, Publisher,octl 136 W. Lake St., Chicago, 111.fl Good Ticket to Vole for.The gentlemen named below ave inevery way qualified to make good Council men. Vote for them Friday, Sept.FIRST WARD.Geo. D. Speakes,Chas. P. Cook,Dr. W. T. Brooks.SECOND WARD.W. 0. Hinton,Chas. E. Butler,J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin. (it)Sacrifice Not His.Note In the Ceylon Independent:"Dear Sir Mudalizar Harry Jayawardana has evidently forgotten that hehanded me his hat at the cremationof the late high priest. I am sorry Ifailed to inform him before that, carried away by the"- sentiment of themoment, I flung it to the burning pyre,hoping for future merit May the meritbe his, as he was the owner of thehat!"Test That Failed.Jean is a very matter-of-fact tot ofthree summers. Her mother one daywhile holding in her arms the weebaby sister, who was very delicate remarked: "Dear me, she looks so fraila breath would blow her away." Jean,taking a long breath, puffed it suddenly into the face of the little sister,and, stepping back, waited a momentIn silence. Then In a disappointedtone she said: "Well, why don'tyou go?"Dignified Rebuke.Philip of Macedonia, after the battle of Chaeronea, where he defeatedthe Greeks, sent a boasting and insolent letter to the King of Sparta.Archidamus, the king, sent this caustic rejoinder: "If thou wilt measurethy shadow, thou wilt find that it hathnot increased in size since thy victory."Famous Sumatra Wrappers.Sumatra is famous the world overforlts cigar wrappers, and tobaccoplantations have spread to neighboring isles.Maybe He Doesn't Say It Now."I wonder," mused the contemplative boarder, "what has become' of theold-fashioned man who used to get upin meeting and confess that he hadjust enough religion to make him miserable?"Municipal Reform in Georgia.For several years there has been alaw forbidding the running of bullsloose on the streets. This law hasnot been enofrced for several years,but it does seem that it should nowbe enforced, as there are several suchanimals now at large. BlackshearTimes.Would Change Sleeping Position.A French doctor, M. V. Fi&che advocates a complete reversal of thepresent method of making up beds.You must have your head on a levelwith, or lower, than your feet. If pillows are to be used they must be under the feet instead of the head. Theresult, he claims, will be amazing, -being,a sure cure for insomnia as wellas a preventive of nightmare.Lights Replace Ushers.To economize on ushers a NewYork moving picture theater has installed small incandescent lamps onthe backs of .the seats, arranged toburn only when a seat is unoccupied.iiif Our Line of Sterling Sil-iSal C (OSSpecial...Fashio.i Note.Ladies who are interested In thesubject may take a trip to Washington and examine in the Bureau, ofManufactures samples of the woodwhich the African Angoche belles usefor a face stain and paste, which havebeen sent over here by our vice-consulat Lourenco Marquez In the interest Jof American beauty.JuCome to Us for Your Footwear We Save You MoneyDAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Bie Electric Sien.immense Bird's Eggs.The largest known bird's egg Is that 'of the extinct aepyornis of Madagascar, of which the museum of NewYork has now a specimen. It has acapacity of two gallons, measures 26Inches round the middle, and the shellis one-eighth of an inch thick. Thelargest egg of a living bird is that ofthe ostrich, which is equal to aboutthirty-six hens' eggs.No Room for Improvement.It was p.bout 1720, at Amsterdam,that Fahrenheit made his first thermometer, which has served as a modelever since.ver is Very Complete.st the thing forwedding gifts.I RFrVIFIMPtFD -ri-iiczI The "House of Quality" only car- Iries the very best in Solid Silver IZ and we can trive vou anvf-hinrrn - - -- t 'uuufrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,m. Ihe Hnncp nf fi,TKH Both Phones. fttAt-JrjJ-, -wVV&:-'xv,