THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY. TUESDAY AND "FRIDAY IN THE YEAR' JVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTMEBER 12, 1911.sKfIsemi-weeMu speGlalsaAt TheDept Store,Thursday, Sept. 14,20c box Paper at Halfprice, 10c; 1 box to a customer. Sale Begins 9 a. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.M anflHlTiNOTE--A nice line of Ladies' Raincoatsd Children's Rain Capes just received.(23ats wJi . S v-o vC- ;3r ? NSk'Sk JkSk'SkS s-'jl''fc1,pecials ForTHIS WEEK.Standard Granulated Sugar, is lbs. . : : : : : $1.00Imported Swiss Cheese, per lb ..: 35Brie Cheese, per lb . . . .30N. Y. Cream Ceeese, per lb .- 20Boiled Ham, per lb v 35Minced Ham, per lb ". 15Old Reliable Coffee, 2 lbs : 55Arm & Hammer Soda, 3 lbs 25Lenox Soap, 3 bars .10Lenox Soap, 8 bars " 25'Blueing, 2 boxes 05Argo Starch, 3 boxes 105 gals. Oil, the Best 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityB1U3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,S.Cfi.vI(Usvif(itsffW&& s2S)&r2-s3fe-3 sX-c--!e-9 Xft-JAr --fi i iA Sliif'.IiS303BS$WWA9f?mmic. "5 x' -j-jt:"T-x"JK-yj.'jitj'jL awagJfc'-3Kjjti'x zmix:txjik'mnmjr9,mMtmSHIRTS1911jjjpSifi:We Are Showing All the NewShirts for Fall.mIllsiKillsClosing Day of bourbon Fair.The program of the Bourbon FairWas concluded Saturday afternoon, lprecluding a week of festivities and a jmost successful exhibition. Unfavor-.fable weather which set in during the,early part of the week, reducer! the ,attendance somewhat 'but even with1the unfavorable conditions the Society Ienjuyed a liberal patronage and hadunder different circumstarces wouldhave broken all records in point of attendance. The heavy downpour of rairi Fridayafternoon and Friday night kept hundreds away on the closing day. Thesun shown brightly Saturday morningand a crowd fully up to the averagefor the last day was in attendance during the afternoon.The most attractive feature of theclcsing day was the babyjsnow. Elevenbeautiful girl babies were entered inthe contest for the premium, a handsome baby buggy, offered by Mayor J.T. Hiiiton, and a second prize of $5given by Mr. J. H. Haggard.The judges selected were MissesMount and Gill, of Lancaster, and Mrs.Durand Whipple, ot Little Rock, Ark.,while the referees were Mr3. Mitchellof North Middletown, and Mrs. RoyC.lendenin, of Paris.The first premium was awarded toDorothy Strother, aged 13 months, andthe second award went to Bessie Cunningham, 13 months old. The premiumawards for Saturday were as follows :New York saddle horse Best NewYork saddle mare "or gelding, walk,trot and canter, over 15.2 Shropshire& Matlank, Naughty Honnitta, first;Carey-Ward, Society Man, second.Trotting bred colt Best trottingbred colt, under one year, either sex,by registered trotting stallion b.connnrlBaby show Prettiest girl baby ofBourbon county, under 20 months oldDorothy Strother, first; BessieColumbia, second,Rockaway horse- Best rocka way mareor gelding, shown to rockaway Shropshire & Matlack, first and second.High acting horse Best high actinghorse, mare or gelding Shropshire &Matlack first; Collins & Redmon, second. Geldings for harnessBest geldingfour years old and over, Matlack &Shropshire, first Ward & Ward, second. Best gelding, three years old and under four N. H. Rowland, Lexington,second; E. K. Renaker, Cynthiana.second.Best gelding two years old and underthree E. K Thomas, first; JohnHunter, second.Geldings for saddle Best geldingfour years old and over Matlack &Shropshire, first; Collins & Redmon,second., Beat gelding three years old andunder four N. H. Rowland, first;, Bennett Young, second.j Best gelding two years old and underthree E. K. Thomas, first; Robert. McCray, second.j Double teams Best , pair harnessgeldings Allie Jones, first and second.i Best pair harness mares AllieJones, first and second. .Sweepstakes " for saddle Beststallion, mare or gelding Shropshire& Matlack, Jack Straw, first; AllieJones, Camelia King, second; AllieJones, Marvel King, third ; Collins &Redmon, Teddy Roosevelt, fourth.I Lady driver Best lady driver, accompanied by gentleman Mrs. Rash,first, accompanied by Mr. Henry Caywood. I Fancy turnout Best turnout, drivenby a gentleman, accompanied by ladyor ladies, and decorated John Collinst and'Miss- Marie Collins, first and sec-! ond.I Roadsters for harness Best stallionfour years old and over Collins &Redmon, first and second.I Best stallion, three years old andunder four Barbee Stock Farm, firstand second. Best stallion two yearsold and under three Allie Jones, first;E. K. Thomas, second.Best mare four years old and overCarey Ward, first and second.l.est mare three years old and underfour -Miller Ward, first; Barbee StockFarm, second.Best mare two years old and underthree Allie Jones, first; Barbee StockFarm, second.Sweepstakes for roadsters Beatmare or gelding any age RobertMoreland, Kennick Mack, first ;RobertMoreland, Kathleen Direct, second ;William Young, Jack Baron, third;.Collins & Redmon, Floral King,fourth.rtapv-"WE KNOWnMOW" Itoa at.WinterHits.Dunlap and StetsonHats for Fall and Winter arejnowready for your inspection. You will find in our line all theew napes, both m Stiff and Soft Hats. TheScratch Hat in Creys and Browns are popular thisUur frail Suits and Overcoatsweight in the new shadesRoughseason.inare nowaaisaeitmm$&mThe Fountain at $1.00The Price Shirt at $1.50ancy Patterns, with Collar to $&'match, at $1.25m$m&m2smtmmFor September.Come in and examine the Septemberbargains we are offering in wall papernothing ever seen in Paris like it be'fore. We are ready to put it on thewall at once.J. T. HINTON.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S-..?Price & Co.,Ootfiiers.vim? r29& r V ftft'AL F.rAL r'A '. i..rr ...- . -. . rfirVfSuccessful Sale.The biggest live stock sale held inKentucky in many years were conducted last week by the J. H. Baughrr.anLivestock Company at Stanford. 1 hesales were scheduled to cover twodays, Wednesday and Thursday; but sogreat was the crowd of buyers and smany were the offerings that a thirdday was necessary to dispose of all thestock put up and the sale was not cor -eluded until late Friday. Altogetheralmost 3,000 head of cattle horses- andmules were sold under the hammer byAuctioneers T. D. English and I M.Dunn.of Danville.and a total of almost$100,000 was realized from the threedays' sales. Buyers were there .frmall over Kentucky, Tennessee andfardown in Georgia and the bidding v. asbrisk at all times.light and heavyready forinspection.yourDon't Overlook Our Shoe Department.WMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis9Kentucky:W .fc-.. nHHHIHHBP ."IL- .'- HHH"'"' 'flHIBHBi ABA Ar1 .'!iunmiimiumiuiunniiiiiiiiiiiiimiHim& 1jsFRANK & COThe Store Where Reliability -Reigns.CORDIALLY INVITEYou to make their store your headquartersat all times When you come to Paris duringBourbon Fair be sure and make us a call.Xi 1pNewest styles in Fall and Winter Ready-tc-Weargarments for Ladies', Misses and Children now ready for your inspection.Suits, Separate Skirts, Cloaks, Waistsand Dresses.An elegant assortment of Reay-to-Wear Hatsin Ladies, Misses and Children. See ournew White Hats with Veils and have one towear to the Fair.'$rII""", r "VK HFrank & Co.1 ' Paris, - - - Kentucky ' ,nL:uu!iiiiiLurimiMiMi!ii&m fa.5SS3SSg-SC23CIBari9erceA32-ryigg!gnt-f tttt 7 ft utm mtm atmmmfmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 12, 1911.xjTHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH "PHONES. 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Do You Feel This Way?TV fM all tired out? Do you sometinaesthink vou iust can't work away at your profes-nn nr trade anv longer? Do you have a poor ape-; nnrl lav awake at nfehts unable to sleep ? AreSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Owneryour nerves all gone, and your stomach too ? Has ambition to forge ahead in the world left you ? If so, youmigKt as well put a stop to your misery- You can do it ifyou will. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery willmake you a different individual. It will set your lazy liverto work. It will set things right in your stomach, andyour appetite will come back. It will purify your blood.If there is any tendency in yoUr family toward consumption,it will keep that dread destroyer away. Even after con-cumntinn hoc almost rfntned a foothold in the form of aEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatonico a.s Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1 88 J 30 Years of Continuous Publication&5mSJ!1K.... T--- ;i hS(VIi."Vfltr.. . frjmii'JMii.i-. ..iiiui" Hi.Ti - -j.Display advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thankB,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.lingering cough, bronchitis, or bleeding at the lungs, it will bring about acure in 98 per cent, of all cases. It is a remedy prepared by Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y., whose advice is given free to all who wish to write him. Hisgreat success has come from his wide experience and variedpractice.Don't be wheedled by a penny-grabbing dealer into taking inferior substitutes for Dr. Pierce's medicines, recommended to be "just as gpod." Dr.Pierce's medicines are op known composition. Their every ingredient printedon their wrappers. Made from roots without alcohol. Contain no habitforming drugs. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.IThev last a lifetime. They're Fireproof StormproofInexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurther detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.wh riiiTinniisirTi sicyvv yfxjtatggCMTffipym1lL-MmiilFTrTijSsS'tii- i iHHr2I1-jinlH "-Tfcfi '- ' ' ' '' " ' "" ""'BXv42mJmwmw wSi&&inivryy'rr5'iBS55dta'jTA'?pkT;i.?5- ia?5--i ex? aii-JAs lii myk- ' .ka a j mamSl? j fc 4Atav w. f 1. rjments from all otliers, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.JIOKE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams $ Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWEY & TALBOTTParis, KZent"ULo3sLVr-"tJSI-yi-jr f5!$j ;toBourbonWDAVIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.tototoStototo$tototoBourbonIH t IPmParis,Kentucky,F(CN.O.&T.P.Ry.)In Connection with.Southern Railway.I TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1911-apenai iram leaves Lexington 9:00 p. m., consistingof Pullman Drawing Room Sleeping-Cars, Pullman Observation Sleeping Cars and Modern Day C aches, Electrically Lighted. Dining Cars serving all meals.LOW ROUND TRIP FARESLEXINGTON TOl LakeFinal Limit to Return Until September 27.DIVERSE ROUTE Going direct and returning via Chattanooga(Lookout Mountain) or the reverse. 1.50 additional.- LIBERAL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.fror full information, booklet and sleeping car reservatiens, call onany ticket asent o- writeH. C. KING. P. & T. A., W. A. BECKLER, Gen. Pass. Agent,141 E. Main Street, Increls Buildingm Lexington, Ky., Phone 49.kJ.".H"F?Kttvy.W5a,'4r7 S8 S&iSVmm-:ORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguishes our Monuwill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware btore. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove 3 ou ever saw. Prettincss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.LaundryOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsqutliry is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,SPECIAL EXCURSIONtoTO-Asheville, N. C.7 1"Land of the Sky," "Sapphire Country,"THE IDEAL VACATION SPOT.f Aslieville, N. C. 7-50Waynesville, N. C. )Hendeisonyille, N. C. "- 5Toxawav. "SI- Ci. fto enCincinnati, Ohio$L.OO, Payable inKentucky Associatioa TrackNotes.The Kentucky Association Track atLexington is fast getting into firstclass condition after the recent heavyrains. The feature race of the card ofthe entire meeting is to be the AutumnCup, a distance race of two and onequarter miles. Eleven good entrieshave been received, and there is apossibility of others arriving to get inthe contest for this rich stake. Amongthe horses that have -been named areCountless, Sir Catesby, Console, G. N.Miller, Naughty Lad, John Louis, Milton B , Fireman, Royal Report, Volthorpe and Startler. This race will beone of the drawing cards of the meet,and will be exceeded only by the Kentucky Endurance Stake, the four milerace that is to feature the Louisvillecard. Secretary Shelley is much pleased with the list of noises that havebeen named in the stakes, and saysthere is an abundance of good runnersto be presenter the meeting. J. T.Williams' great runner, Gov. Gray,will be shipped from Latonia for hisengagement in the Phoenix Hotel FallHandicap, his principal stake engagement at Lexington.An Amusing Incident.Danny Harrell, the clever shortstopof the Paris team, had two chances inthe game with the Hustlers Fridayafternoon, accepting neither of them,but through the leniency of the scurekeeper he was not charged with errors.Harrrell changed positions with Maxwell, going to the outfield for thegame. In the first inning ooys in anearby field got up a rabbit whichmade tracks across the left garden.Tne Bourbonite shortfielder attemptedto make one of his sensational stops,but the hare made its escape. Againalong about the sitxh innnig another )ran out of the cornheld and across theball yard. Paris was in Jthe field butthe game was suspended for fewminutes and the members of bothclubs started in nursuit. Harrell cavebunny a lively chase across the field ibut the little animal reached the fencefirst. The incident afforded much; amusement for the spectators.Record Price lor Blue GrassSeed.The highest price that has ever beenrealized by local dealers for cleanedblue grasg seed was paid this week inParis when the market reached the unheard of and lofty figure of $3.10 perbushel for fancy cleaned Kentucy bluegrass sepd, in car load lots. One Parisdealer recently shipped a car of seedforw which he received more than$9,000, while another disposed of a carload at 57,449.49.A single buyer in the county is saidto have on hand more than $175,000worth of Blue Grass seed, which wasbought uncleaned at prices rangingfrom $1 to $1.75.Bourbon Girl Best Rider at IowaFair.Mrs. Valeria Young Kinnaird, formerly of Clintonville, but Inow of DesMoines, Iowa, won at the State Fairof Iowa yesterday for the best ladyrider over five competitors. She alsowon seven other ribbons for combinedgaited horses, high steppers and otherclasses, handling the horses of W. A.Graham, of Des Moines.Mrs. Kinnaird was formerly MibsYoung, daughter of Rev. Young, ofthe Clintonville neighborhood. Shewill be remembered as one of the bestriders ever seen at the Bourbon Fair,having taken the blue tie for the lastfour years for the best lady rider.Attacks School Principal.A sdvere attack on school principal,Chas B. Allen, of Sylvania, Ga., isthus told by him. ' 'For more thanthree years," he writes, "I sufferedindescribable turtutre from rheumatism, Liver and stomach trouble anddiseased kidnys. All remedies failedtill I used Electric Bitters, but fourbottles of this wonderful remedy curedme completely.'' Such results arecommon. Toousands bless them forcuring stomach trouble, female chmplaints, kidney disorders, biliousness,and for new health and vigor. Trythem. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESCol. Frank Trimble, of Memphis,Tenn., purchased of Collins Redmon,of North Middlttown, fur $900. thepremium show gelding.Colonel Young,which has won 26 out of 27 premiumsat the county fairs in KentucKy.so far.Mr. Trimble will take the gelding outof the show rings after the Memphishorse show for the exclusive use of hisadopted daughter, Miss Esther Wilson,as a saddle horse.The mule market in Paris court daywas unusuaally slow, only a small supply on the market, and they beingsnapped up at prices tanging from$150 to $200. Bert McCilatockand W.G. McClintock were the principalbuyer. 'ONE YEAR,$1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor GovernorJAMES B. McCREARYof MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDADE HAM LETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMAN' ' of Woodford' For Clerk of Court of Appeals' ' R. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYGov. Wilson an Expensive Ornament. The wanderings of Gov. AugustusE. Wilson prove embarrassing to hisfellow Republicans of the State ticketwhen they realize that his neglect ofduty is daily making votes for theDemocrats The official record showsthat he has been absent from Frankfort 239 days in the last three yearsand a half. He is now on hiu way toWequetonsing for an additional thirtydays' vacation, and it is safe to predictthai before his term expires he willhave spent 300 days away from hispost cf duty. Every day that he isabsent the State pays him $20 in addition to the $10 that the LieutenantGovernor draws for acting as Governor. In other words, Governor Willsonwill draw from the Treasury $6,000 forservices he never rendered, and actingGovernor Cox will draw $3,000 additional for doing Wilson's work.This is the sort of extravagnce andneglect that the Republican StateConvention endorsed when it announc'ed its approvaLof Governor Wilson'sAdministration.Judge O'Rear says he stands onevery plank of that platform, andnecessarily he endorses the expensivewanderings of Augustus the 1st, andthank God, the last.i;iii;niriMiCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpuret5otonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othejmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with . inections for home cure.SniPiTm free by writing Blood.. .1 a Atlanta, Ga. Describeyi 11 rrciu'c -md free medical advicegi.vn. 3!.! Ly Varden & Son.Bloodlne Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney. S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodlne Ointment tor Edema and find Ita most effective remedy."SIX MONTHSAdvanceW. T. Brooks,;Agent.Q JGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399."trrTi" i i ' ii ' i trr TynmcrT rmi rrr"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryDodson & DentonPARIS. KY.Q&KQbKgsSStf&rSaftliyEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Littief Rock a nRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS JESSIE BROWNArt Embroidery. Materials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WatCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw;N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there lano sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that Its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isbo penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.His Sea-Legs Still On."Eddie, you may read," said histeacher. And Eddie read In a highpitched voice: "When Columbus discovered America, he keeled on theground and gave thanks to God."Woman's Home Companion -Uand be satisfied.Professional CardsJ J. WILLI AMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 3 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.jRnnk LanqhornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aug!6tf East Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up'SfcairsOverarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DR. A. B KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offlces.'Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M, A. KAHAL.K,i.vtfXXiiittifiJMfcTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, SEPT. 12, 191 1.41tfiiVMmnfmmiffflnwJob PrintingWORK DONE vWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHEBRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Evelyn9 sDisappointmentCbe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.UMUMUUUS?OTJLDN'T it jaryou? When I'mupstairs the doorhell rings downstairs and whenI'm downstairsthe 'phone ringsupstairs," saidEvelyn in an agitated tone, as shetook down the receiver."Hello, is this North 124?" asked amasculine voice."Whom do you wish to speak to?"asked Evelyn in her sweetest voice. ."My name is Jack Mitchell," repliedthe voice. "Is Miss Carter there?""This is Miss Carter.""My cousin, Frank Jocelyn, askedme to call you up as soon as I arrived from New York. He wishes tobe remembered to you.""Oh! Mr. Mitchell, I should be delighted to meet any of Frank's relatives. Are you going to be here forsome time?""Yes, I expect to locate here, butI'm not acquainted and it's a beastlybore hanging around the hotel. Franksaid you knew such a lot of people.Maybe you would introduce me to afew young folks.""Surely I'd be glad to have you meetsome of our friends. If you haven'tan engagement for this evening, docome up. You will that's fine."After giving explicit directions howto reach her home, Evelyn hung up thereceiver, exclaiming to her sister inan excited tone, "Just think, a swellcousin of Frank's is coming to callthis evening. I wager he's a rich NewYorker. Doesn't know a soul here.Well, I'm not going to be in a hurryto introduce him around. Don't seeany of the girls bringing their out-of-townfriends over here. If I make agood impression there may be invitations to the theater and opera galore.Gracious! I'll have to telephone tothe cleaner Immediately to send mybeaded net covered with chiffon waistright away. Then if I get a bid forthe opera I can wear my cherry silkvoile. Maybe Amy will let me haveMiss Kelly, the dressmaker, tomorrowto shorten it. What hat shall I wear?""You won't need any hat," answeredher sister. "If he's such a swell fellow as you imagine, most likely he'lltake a taxi.""Of course he will. Say, have yougot a pair of long, clean, whitegloves?""Oh, thanks, a thousand times.You're just the best sister. May Itake your white lace scarf, too? I'llborrow Jessie's opera coat and haveIt in the house. One ought to be always prepared If they expect to goout. There's the 'phone again!" -"Yes, this Is Miss Carter."This time Evelyn didn't compla .about answering the 'phone."You can't get here until 8:15. Oh,that's all right, but come ac soon asyou can. The sooner the better. Goodbye." "Oh, Jane! Have wa anything hometo serve?""There la a bottle of ginger ale andsome cake," replied Jane. "No onecares for that Please tell Mary toget some alcohol. I'll make a rarebit in the chafing dish those littletea aprons look socute.""Amy expectsme to play bridgethis evening. Willyou let her knowI can't come? Wcare going to playevery Wednesday.Maybe Mr. Mitchell will join us.Will you tell Eva,if she calls up,that I have an engagement for thisevening, but don'tcall me, for she always rubbers so.There's that 'phoneagain!""Yes, Mr. Mitchell, that's the rightaddress. You can'thelp finding ourhouse, it's rightnext to the church.how anxious I amI can't tell youto meet you. It seems as if we wereold friends, after hearing your voiceso often. You feel the same way?Thank you. Good-bye."Evelyn looked beautiful in her softwhite gown."I hope Frank won't be jealous,"she said, as she clasped her sister'scoral beads around her neck. "If I accept Mr. Mitchell's attentions anyway,he's such an old friend he won't care.Frank's away so much he must expectme to go with other fellows. Anyway, there's nothing serious betweenus. There's the door-bell. I'll go."Evelyn opened the door, her facewreathed in a welcoming smile. Herexpression changed somewhat as anovergrown youth of about seventeenyears greeted her with "How do youdo? I'm Jack Mitchell. It as jollygood of you to ask me out."Evelyn extended a rather limp hand,saying the first thing she could thinkof to cover her chagrin: "How axeyou? How much you look like Frank."Later in the evening she discoveredhe was only a fourth cousin ofFrank's. At any rate, there was nochafing dish supper served that night,because at nine o'clock Evelyn askedto be excused, leaving her sister toentertain Jack while she hastened tothe bridge party.5! Are You a Woman ? !iliSIfillHe Greeted Her.TAKEUSThe Woman's TonicitHAYSEED FARMER IS EXTINCTOur Agriculturists Now Even HaveDining Clubs With Cigars andAfter-Dlnner Speeches.One of the American characteristsdisappearing from the world's stageIs the "hayseed." He still inhabitsthe comic supplement and the imagination of people reared in pent-upflats, but he is nearly extinct in thehamlet, the "cross-roads general storeand the village postoffice. The dailynewspaper, the daily mail, the ruraldelivery, the telephone and the trolley have nearly annihilated him.Though some gentlemen continue towear trousers tucked in boot tops, tonibble a straw and to whittle fragrantslivers of white pine, the real "rube"is getting rare. He is now generallyfound in the cities the best placesfor the sale of mining stocks, oilstocks, coffee plantation stocks, rubber-growingcompany stocks, giltbricks and other quick ways of breaking into the millionaire class.One of the recent developments ofcountry life is the organization offarmers' dining clubs. Think of Uncle Josh, by heck, as a clubman! Thisfarmers' dining club idea appears tohave originated in Kansas, the parent state of many strange ideas. Andthis particular idea, as strange ideascommonly do in Kansas, seems tospread. And every one knows, especially a number of standpatters, thatwhen a strange Idea begins to spreadin Kansas it keeps on spreading.At these farmers' clubs there is agood dinner no light lunoh, mind youbut a plethora of boiled and bakedfood meat, potatoes, cabbage, greens,aye, and perhaps onions, too. Afterthe dinner cigars are served cigarsnot made of hemp none of your Savannah reflectors with long alfalfafiller and jlmpson weed wrapper buta real cigar that a man can smokewithout waking up the board of health.Shades of Uncle Silas, Uncle Reubenand Uncle Hezekiah and their corncob pipes with stems of reed!After dinner the agricultural clubmen make speeches. This is a humanfailing. Life would be happier for allmen who have to listen if other mendid not insist on making speeches, butsome men are always indifferent tothe comfort of their fellows. Whenthe club meeting begins to break upthe farmers rush home in their automobiles, making poor pedestriansjump out of the road and killingchickens on the way. WashingtonStar.He, Too, a Burglar.All was quiet within the house, andthe night was far spent. Thus fortune favored the burglar as he stealthily acquired the plate and valuables !and put them in his capacious bag.But oh, the horrible thrill he got whenan icy-cold hand grasped his wrist!It was not a ghost he saw when heflashed round with his bull's-eye, buta man with a keen look of sorrow onhis dejected countenance."Oh, my poor, misguided friend,"murmured the intruder sorrowfully.'Would you rob me of my valuables?Think, my man, what you are doing.If you have a wife and child, whatwould they do if I sent you toprison?" The burglar seemed to besomewhat moved, and he dropped thestolen goods. "Turn from your evilways, my brother," went on the Intruder. "Your secret is safe withme."Then without a word our friendmade a hasty exit by the window. Thekind, loving, charitable old man, having quietly lifted the swag on hisshoulder, after cramming It to Its utmost capacity with useful articles,also took his departure. For behold,he, too, was a burglar.Happiness Must Be Inborn."How can you make a person happyagainst his will? If you try foreveryou will not knock any happiness intoa person who has not got it In him tobe happy. Arnim.Then He Went to the Club."After I am gone," he complained,"people will begin to notice what Ihave done." "Well," his wife sadly;replied, "if they do it won't take themlong." Chicago Record-Herald.Humor Amid Danger."One of the characteristics of myold comrade, Amos Stillman, Co. A,23d Mass. volunteers, was brovery inactual fighting service," said the oldsoldier. "Another characteristic wasa sense of humor which stood him ingood stead even in the face of danger,and contributed not a little to thegayety of his comrades."At the battle of Cold Harbor, justbefore making the charge and whileunder the Confederate fire, our corporal, who was over 6 feet tall andscarcely bigger around than a gunbarrel, became excited as the enemy'sbullets plowed up the earth abouthim." 'What kind of a place is this tokeep a man in?' he demanded. 'Absolutely without protection!'"He had no more than spoken whenprivate Stillman stuck his ramrod inthe ground." 'Here, corporal,' said he, 'get behind this.' " Youth's Comp"-.Tender-Hearted.Uncle Timothy was a dear old soulbut he had one Inevitable failingsays Answers. He always paid his via-.its at the wrong time."It's most awkward of him!" ex-tclaimed the about-to-be hostess, onone of these unfortunate occasions.)"He has an enormous appetite, and.we haven't p. thing In the Jnouse.,You'll have to kill a chicken, John!'"Her spouse looked doubtful. Hewas very tender hearted, and themere notion of wringing a bird's neck?or beheading it set his knees a-,wobbling."But perhaps, dear, I might managato shoot one," he suggested; and tookhis gun and departed on his bloodthirsty errand.. Minutes went by many minutes..So many, in fact, that his wife wentout inter the yard to see what had happened. 'Tin afraid It's no good, my dear,"called her husband timorously, as saapproached. "The poor creature wonfcget in the way!"Legal Pleasanties.The pompous lawyer assumed hissmost Imposing meln. "Gentlemen ofjthe jury," he began, impressively, "Eonce sat upon the judge's bench in thestate of Maine, and ""Where was the judge?" Interrupted the opposing attorney. The Housekeeper."Hiawatha" In Yiddish.' Longfellow's "Hiawatha" has beentranslated into Yiddish, preserving;the original rhythm and Indian names.Where the Crowd Goes.Julie Where are you going thissummer, dear?Marie Mahoosic beach.Julie Why, my dear, there are noeligible men there!Marie No, but there will be assoon as it's kno-u I'm around.The Right Cement for Concrete isSUPERIOR CEMENTCelebrated in the Middle West as the finestground and lowest in magnesia less than 1 percent. This means dense, durable concrete thatwill never crumble. It's a true Portland cementthat will last for ages. Ask for our Free Superior Literature, which gives proportions formixing concrete, etc. Insist on Superior.Union Trust Building', Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co.Superior Endures.pwSOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky.mammmmsmmwwmmwWmWMs,wrMWW5 $5f51THE DRY FALL OUTING TOMammoth CaveFor Home Circle and Private Parties:Par!! S;SpJw.Ts. Wednesday, Sept. 27, ?. "RWyTTT.AT? TT?AT"NT 7?38 A. M. SAll Expenses at Hotel Only $6.50This includes your board and admission to the several routes in thecave. One eveningfor a promenade or dance.J A GRAND THREE-DAYS OUTING Write or Phone L. & N. Ticket Agt J!l- - ri V-- ?" - 4". r fw" 3f3iV ,i"Agy -TWt nBmuaffmmm-tttmmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 12, 1911.A1!I ftrtercfcUttwT ifII -SgfflHonored by WomenWhen a woman speaks of hersilent secret suffering shetrusts you. Millions have bestowed this mark of confidence on Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y. Everywhere there are women whobear witness to the wonderworking, curing-power of Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescriptionwhich saves the suffering sexfrom pain, and successfullygrapples with woman's weaknesses and stubborn ills.IT MAKES WEAK WOHEN STRONGIT HAKES SICK WOMEN WELL.No woman's appeal was ever misdirected or her confidence misplaced when she wrote for advice, tothe World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr.R. V. Pierce, President, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets induce mild natural bowel movement once a day.aMMMMMat .aMMMMaMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmMILLERSBURG ITEMS.M. M. I. will open Wednesday.Mr. M. H. Current continues to growweaker.Mr. J. J. Peed was in MaysvilleSaturday on business.Mesdames E. M. Neal and R. S.Sanders are improving.Mrs. Denis McMahan left Saturdayfor a visit to relatives at Myers.disagreeable weather a large audienceattended the services. Rev. Watts hasbeen pastor of the Millersburg churchfor four years, which bars him fromfurther pastorate of the church hereand he will be sent to a new field bythe conference. His sermon from thesubjecf'What Will You Do With JesusCalled Christ" Sunday night will longbe remembered by those who heardhim.J. P. Redmon left Saturday for asojourn in Michigan.Miss Mary Agnes Purnell entertained the facutly of the M. F. C. Fridayevening.inMr. and Mrs. H. D. Shy will leaveThursday for a few days at the StateFair at Louisville.Miss Kizzie Mae McDaniei was theguest of relatives at Cynthiana fromFriday until Monday.Miss Lydia Brown visited friends atParis from Thursday until Saturdayand took in the fair.Mrs. Aaron McConnell left Mondayfor a week's visit to relatives at Maysville, Germantown and Mt. Olivet.Miss Louise Warford left Sunday forLexintgon to resume her duties as ladyprincipal of Campbell-Hagerman College. The Paris fair was well representedfrom here last week. A number cfpremiums were awarded Millersburgpeople.Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson leftSaturday for a few days visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. R. 0. Chambersat Sardis.Miss Anna James McClintock ieftyesterday for Lake Forest, 111., whereshe will resume her duties in the LakeForest University.Miss Ethel Johnson returned Saturday after spending the week with hercousin, Miss Edith Myall, and taking inthe fair at Paris.Mrs. Turner Perry returned to herhome in OwingsvUle Sunday after aweek's visit to her parents Mr. andMrs. Thos. McClintock.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter,Messrs. J. T. Adair and A. J. Thaxtonare among the number from here whoare attending the State Fair at Louisville this week.FOR SALE. -A small lot adjoiningmy residence on South Main streetwhich I will sell reasonable. For further particulars call onMRS. MINNIE ROSS.Rv. T. W. Watts, Dr. J. 0. A.Vaujjht and President C. C. Fisherwill leave today for the annual conference of the M. E. church, South,which convenes at Richmond Wednesday.The M. F. C. opened Wednesday ? oar'l that the matter had beenwith a good attendnce. Young ladies adJus,ted and the operation of the planthave been coming in every day since. would be8n in a short time. The lo-Many cf the old students will not re- cation of the plant was establishedturn until after the State Fair at sveral months ago and the wiring ofLouisville this week. I tn.e town was completed. The Councilt?ow t to Wofo u a u- i I wl!! emPlov an expert electrician whom Kev. i. W. Watts preached his clos-' will go over the lines and put them inu& ocuiiuu en. cue luemuuist cnurcn j?nnn 5hnne hofnroMiss Mary Stannard returned yesteruay aiter spenamg tne summerColorado and California.Prof. Harry Best returned to hishome in New York Tuesday after avisit to his mother, Mrs. Sallie Best.Mrs. Anna Jefferson rented her residence to Mr. Hawkins, ot Blue Licks,who will move here with his family ina few weeks.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy left Fridayfor a few days visit to his brother, Dr.D. G. Judy, at Lexintgon. Whilp thereMr. Judy will be under traetment ofDr. Anderson, a nerve specialist.Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Hurst left Monday for Philadeplhia, Pa., where Mr.Hurst is a delegte to the National Cooperative Fraternal Insurance Convention, which convenes there Tuesday.Mr. Hurst goes in the interest of theHurst Home Company.Mrs. Mattie Purnell and daughtersgave up housekeeping yesterday, Mrs.Purnell taking her position at M. M.I., Miss Agnes resuming her work atM. F. C, and Miss Bessie going toParis where she has a position in theHigh School.Great disorder frequently occursabout the depot in the evening justueiore tne omo cram arrives. A number of small boys and some older onescongregate about there, not only making a confusion and noise but grabbingup handfuls of gravel throwing themat one another. Of course the stonesscatter and passengers are sometimesannnVPfl hv hpincr strnnir r thamThere is great danger cf someone being struck about the eyes or face. Itis the business of someone to look intothis matter. Such practices should bestopped at once.That Millersburg is soon to have anelectric current is evidenced by therenewed activity along this line following the suit instituted against theSeibert-Herndon Co., of Lexington.Judge Denis Dundon, of Paris, appeared before the City Council of Millersburg, at the regular meeting Wednesday night and assured the members ofPARIS WINSTHE PENNANTTake Four Straight of Championship Games from the Winchester Aggregation.OPPONENTS OUTCLASSED. ,McKerjian, a Second Winner, Issues Statement Praisingthe Players.Sunday night, before leaving for theM. E. Conference which convenes inRichmond Wednesday. In Bpite of theoperations hecrin.ana Millersburg is expected to be sunplied with an electric current withinsix ?epks.EXCURSION RATESOVER THETRACTION LINESTO THE COLOREDA.rC9and M. FAILexington, Kv.,14, 15, 16Sept. 12, 13,Hamilton'sMilitaMADAME COLLINS, SOPRANO.ruBand!Daily Baloon Assension-World's Greatest Colored' Aronaut.Running, Trotting, Pacing and Novelty Races.Largest and Finest Midway in the History of the Fair.The Three Roehrs, Novelty Bicycle Act, Defying GravitationMadame Silverado, Performing on Flying Trapeze.Special Round-Trip Rates, Including Admission to the Fair:From Frankfort Sl.35From Versailles .70From Georgetown 64From Paris 85 'Kentucky Traction & Terminal Co.The Blue Grass League pennant willfloat over White Park during the season of 1912, as a result of the victoryachieved by the Bourbonites on thelocal lot Sunday afternoon, when theydefeated the Hustlers by a score of 9to 6, making the fourth consecutivegame taken from the Coleman pennantaspirants in the championship series.McKernan took no chances on theresult, although from a business standpoint it would have been better for theclubs and players to haze the seriesgone the limit of seven games, andsent his men into the contests imbuedwith the determination to make 'shortwork of the first season champs, whichthey did by taking a quartet of gameswithout any apparent exertion.That the Hustlers were no match forthe Bourbonites is clearly evident bythe scores in the final series. In onlyone game did they cause them muchtrouble and that was in the first on theWinchester grounds, which Paris tookafter a hard fight by the close score of2 to 1.In the opening contest Shears andBurden opposed each other and againin the third ' they met. On each occasion Shears proved his superiorityover his opponent and came out withtwo scalps. In the first game Burdenlooked to be returning to his old timeform but daring base running on thepart ot Harrell and McKernan withnis ever ready hit put the star Hustlerhurler on the shelf. In the third contest he was easy for the locals whopounded him to all cornels of the lot.Scheneberg pitched two of thechampionship games ior Pans and thesame success which has crowned hisefforts throughout the season with theParis cIud was his reward. Althoughhe was wild and gave his opponentsmore than three times as many runs asShears, his helpers hit the ball hardand pounded in tally after tally.McKernan and his men deserve allthe credit that is to be bestowed uponthem. 'Ihe series of the first seasonshould have been theirs, but fate decreed otherwise and by a very narrowmarign Winchester squeezed into thefirst position, due to the efforts otMaysville and Lexington, but the second series found Paris a very closecontender and before it was two weeksold the locals forged their way to thefront and remained a safe distancethroughout, yielding the seiies to noclub in the league.The contest Sunday afternoon wasplayed upon a field resembling a sea ofmud. Rain, which began to fall shortlybefore the game was to have been called, put the grounds in a miserablecondition and ft was fully an hour before the game could progress. WhenUmpire Kane sent the men to theirpositions rain was still falling but undaunted by sucn unfavorable conditions the locals waded 111 and cameout with the long end of the score.Scheneberg, who has a string ofvictories almost too long to measure,hurled the last game of the championship series, and while constantly underthe care of a physician. exceDt whenin the field, he won the deciding contest. He displayed considerable wildness and in one inning fared badly, butthereafter he was on his mettle allowing the visitors to score but one runafter the second frame.The contest was a veritable slugfest. The locate hit Friedley frequently and with telling effect until thehf th round when he settled down, butthe purpose of the Bourbonites haubeen accomplished and with Scheneberg and his teammates working well.they could not overcome the lead acquired in the fourth.Inspite of the fact the grounds werein a miserable condition and fast fielding almost impossible, the game wasfull of brilliant plays. Chapman wasthe star in the outfield getting rivedifficult chances, and leading the teamin hitting, getting three safe drivesout of five trips to the plate.Owing to an injury in his hand inthe game Saturday, Manager McKernan was out of the game, Maxwell being sent to the second station whileHauser filled the position in the leftgarden. McKernan directed the movements of his team from the bencn, resulting in the victory which meant somuch to the club and to tne fans ofthis city.The efforts of Manager McKernan inretaining the peunant honors for Pnri3are of exceptional merit. In 1910 withthe star aggregation ne put the Parisclub to the front eaily in the seasonand maintained the lead throughout,winning the flag which has graced thepennant pole in White Park since June20. when it was unfurled to the breezeswith appropriate exercises.Ihe success of the Bourbonites thisyear is due almost entirely to theefforts of McKernan, who brought together a class of ball players .withoutan equal in the league and through hiscapable management. He was securedfrom the Fayettesville, S. C, club bythe Paris management and was verysuccessful from the start. Since hehas been in Paris he has made manyadmirers who share their congratulations with he and his fcteam. At theconclusion of the agme Sunday McKernan issued the following statement:"At the close of the 1911 season Ihatfe'; in my estimation, the best ballclub' in the Blue Grass League. All ofthe players are intelligent with plentyof base ball ability ; the great essentialwhich . all clubs that are successfulmust possess, and that is gameness,which is understood by the base ballWinchester cluo was won by brilliantplaying on the part cf the Paris club,every man playing as though his lifedepended on the outcome and with thesame confidence that has won so manyvictories. Each one playing championship ball spelled defeat for the WinChester club and won another pennantfor Paris."The credit of the grand showingof the club is due to the players, aseach one of them played well in their.positions'. Barnett at first has no equalijrlin the league and possesses more baseball anility than many players in company of a higher class. Harrell atshort is a quick thinker and has all thequalities that make a star player. Noclub can be successful unless theyhave a good shortstop. Kuhlman is areliablt player, possessed with a spiritthat wins. His hitting and fieldingwas a big factor in the success of theclub."Catcher Mayer lost no time duringhis professional career, as he hasreached the major league after justone year with the Paris club, whichwas his first year in professional baseball. The Chicago White Sox havebought this promising player. Maxwell has lived up to his reputation asa hard hitter and a reliable player. Idoubt if there is another player inthis company better. qualified to playany position than he. Hi? playing during the past two seasons at Paris hasbeen h)gh class and I txpect to seehim advance."Chapman in left field is the mostimproved player in the Blue Gns thi3season. He has fielded well ana hashit the ball when safe drives countedfor runs. He also has great coachingabilities which on many occasions haveserved to worry the opposing players.He is also a quick thinker and a goodbase runner."Goodman in right field has playedhere three seasons and his playing during the championship season just closed has been of a high class, batting andfielding his position well."The pitching staff has been all thatcould be desired and I look for all thepitchers now on the Paris club to bedrafted. ShearB has pitched good, consistent ball all season, and displayedwonderful ability especilly when victories were needed ar.d his success asa pitcher had much to do with the success of the Paris club. "Cyclone"uautt ocueiieuerg uvea up to his nameand his fourteenth victory was thegame that assured Paris of the pennant. Scheneberg not only pitchedwonderful ball but he fielded and batted like a big leaguer. He is possessed with all the qualities that make ahigh class pitcher. Hauser is one ofthe most promising youngsters thathas broken into the game. His exhibition of pitching of pitching againstthe Lexington club during the seasonjust closed was remarkable. Not a hitwas made off him in the game ofAugust 3 and but one man reachedfirst base, which was a gift. Muchcan be expected of him in the future."As manager of the Paris Club I desire to pay my respects to the directors Of the Club as Well as thfi nurrnnsof the game. During my stay in Parisno person could have been treatedmore fairly than I have been andshould I remain in this class leaguenext season I would prefer to returnto Paris and manage the Bourbonites.Ihe patrons of base ball in thiscity can rest assured that they havethe best conducted base ball club inthe league. During my connectionwith the Paris club I have found Mr.Bacon, Mr. Shire and Mr. Paton goodbase ball men and it is only throughtheir efforts that there is such a highclaBS article of ball played in Paris."EDW. McKERNAN."Following is the score of Sunday'sgame:Winchester 05010000 06Paris 12060000 0-9Batteries Winchester. Friedlev andMeek ; Paris, Scheneberg and Mayer.Hits Winchester 10, Paris 13. ErrorsWinchester 2. Two base hits Harrell, Larnss. Bases on balls offScheneberg 5, off Friedley 2. Struckout -by Scheneberg 3, by Friedley 1.Double plays Scheneberg to Mayer toBarnett, Goosetree to Walsh to Lake.Sacrifice fly Goodman. Time 1:30.Umpire Kane. Attendance 500.ROYALISBAKING POWDERAbsoluiety PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal C rape Cream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATEStruck out by Shears 7, by Burden 2.Base on balls off Shears 2, off Burden2. Left on base Paris 5, Winchester8 Hit by pitcher Red, Chapman.Time 2:00. Umpire Kane. Attendance 500.Kaiser Sends Congratulations.Upon receipt of the news that Parishad won the pennant Alfred Kaiser,wno last year was a member of thepennant winning aggregation telegraphed his con-gatulations to Manager McK nan Kaiser is now at Boston witu the Beans and friends herew ho have been in communication withbim state that he will visit Paris asboon as the National League seasoncloses.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.THEATRICAL."DANIEL BOONE ON THE TRAIL.""Daniel Boone On theTrail, "a storyof early pioneer days, "comes to theParis Grand Thursday night. DanielBoone is of the best known of pioneerhistorical characters. A cleverly written story of thi3 famous pioneer's brilliant campaign against the ShawneeIndians in his successful attempt ofopening up in those troublesome days,that fertile spot now known as Kentucky. A monument now stands atFrankfort, Ky., of Boone, overlookingthe beautiful Kentucky River, whereBoone lived for several years.The scenery for this famous dramawas painted from photographs takenon the very ground tht Boone traversed and are immeiately recognized byany one familiar with that part ofKentucky.In presenting "Daniel Boone On theTrail" Manager Harris has sparednothnig in the way of making his' production as real as possiole. A tribe ofSioux Indians are carried and workedin the many exciting scenes of theplay. A pack of Siberian wolvesalso carried and used in thestorm scene.The burning of the last stick, thecoming of darkness, the attack of apack of hungry wolves and 6oone'sfight for life makes one of the geatesl !stage scenes ever presented The lasti-i i. l.n.M 4.t- 1 - J? 11V 'ui:t suuws liib surreruer 01 L.ornwains. rthe meeting of Boone and GeorgeWashington, the peace treaty andWashintgon'd message to. Boone. Thisscene never fails to bring cheers fromevery patriotic American, who bearsone spark of patriotism in his breast.The Indians dressed in their nativewar regalia and the wolves in theircages of captivity are seen on thestreets the day of this attraction.Prices 25. 35 and 50 cents. Seats atMitchell & Blakemore'a.schemecast ofaresnow"The Fortune Hunter" at Lexington. "The Fortune Hunter," Messrs.Cohan and Harris' production of Winchell Smith's delightful comedy ofrural life, will be offered for a returnengagement at the Lexington OperaHouse for two nights Monday andTuesday September 18 and 19, withTuesday matinee.Fred Niblo, one of America's bestcomeaians as Nathaniel Duncan who-urciupa an uHKuuwn ousmess acumenuunng me working out of theof fortune hunting heads thecompetent players.Ihe old druggist inventor, whosedaught r is an unconscious incentivein the building of Nat Duncan'scharacter, is played by Frank Bacon,the veteran actor of character parts.Ihe daughter, Betty, is portrayed byMiss Josephine Cohan of the famousFour Cohans." The scheming friend,Harry Kellogg, a Wall street brokeris taken by Daniel Hamilton. Theraral sheriff, who believes all matrimony is a failure, played by FrankBouman, the banker "Blinkey" Lockwood, whose fortune is the basis of thescheme played by Noah Berry, and thebanker s daughter Ly Miss Lentoulwell are the other principal partsof the comedy.xi piay relates ine experiences inkeeping store and making love of ayouthful ne'er-do-well who is pushedout into the world to seek his fortuneand ends by earning it. Two acts traspire in a drug store- the second showing a run-down old fashioned establishment in a sleepy Pennsylvania townand the third a smart "Phramacy"that succeeds as a result of tne younehero's enterprise."The Fortune Hunter" played record breaking engagements in Newlork and Chicago and created a newrecord for popularity never beforeequalec1 in the stage history of nonmusic plays. The play is handsomelystaged. 2tBicycle Headquarters.The best makes of bicycles in stockat reasonable prices. Full lines ofuiujrie repairs rememner webicycle headquarters.29 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.are-Heads Wanted.SATURDAY.fan.1 "I Jon't think any ether club underwent a season of hardship as great asthe one the Paris club had this season,and to continue the second seasonafter losing the first half and againdistanced all the other clubs that hadbeen preparing for the second half. 4 2"The championship series with theOutplaying their opponents at everystage Paris won the third 'game of theblue Grass League championship fromWinchester Saturday afternoon by ascore of 8 to 1.Tne Bouibonites, playing to old timeform and hitting the ball at will showed themselves to be the real champions. Burden, in whom Coleman pinntd great faith fot the winning of themajority of the games for the Hustlers, had curves just to the liking ofthe McKernan men and after the firsttwo sessions, was hit freely to allparts of the lot.On the other hand Shea-s, who opposed him in the opening game of theseries in Winchester last Wednesday.was at his best and while the visitorssucceeded in making eight safe drivesduring the game he was very succebsfull in keeping them well scattered.in only one inning did the opposingbatter get the better of the big sidewheeler and that was in the fifth whenthe Hustlers bunched threa safeties,which counted for 'only one run theywere able (o get over the rubber during the game.The locals played a brilliant fieldinggame, accepting some of tne mostdifficult chances, robbing the visitorsof what were apparently safe drives.In the third inning Olson lined overthe first base which Barnett pulleddown with his gloved hand and Goodman took one from Coleman's bat inthe fourth which looked good for threebases. Harrell had only one chance,when in the fifth he knocked downBurden's drive over short which he recovered in time to force 4 runner atsecond.The Bourbonites clouted the ballfiercely in the sixth inning when therecame a veritable deluge of two baggers which netted three runs and puta crimp in the chances of the Hustlerson coming out the better in the contest. The score:Winchester 0 0 10 0 0 0 1Paris 3 0 13 0 1 x 8Bateries Winchester, Burden andLaross; Paris, Shears and Mayer. HitsWinhester 8, Paris 12. Errors Winchester 2. Earned runs Paris 6, Winchester 1. Two base hits Mayer 2Maxwell, Chapman. Kuhlman. Sacrilfice hit Harrell. Sacrifice fly MayerWanted, men with good heads onany kind of heads. Hats made to yourspecial order at $2 to $5. See displayof stylas, trimming and hats in the roughat the McClintock building next toDan Cohen's, where you can learnsomething about hats. We take theshape of your head and a fit is guaranteed. Also old hats cleaned and blocked any style.CINCINNATI HATM'F'G. CO.Spend Your EveningsAtWILLS'Pool and BilliardParlorsFivePool Tables, andBilliard Table.oneSoft Drinks, Cigars, Tobacco,Cigarettes, Etc.CITYFOR 1911-Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Pool, 2 l-2c a CueStampsMooreCity CollectorGtiniian& CollinsMANUFACTURERS OFHarness. Horse Rnnfc anlLeather Novelties ofAll Kinds. .'1AH Orders Promptly Executedand Work Guaranteed.No. 304 Main Street,PariKentuckyHOG AND SHEEP SALE !BYA. P. ADAIR & SONS & CO,,At Paris, Ky., Fair Grounds,September 19, 191 1, 12:30p.ms550 Pure Bred Duroc Hogs,50 Fure Bred Southdown Sheep.9-;Write for Catalogue to A. P. ADAIR, Parish Kentuc. rDON'T MISS THIS SALEnNTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 12, 1911nh BOURBON NEWS.6p$222ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODfORD.Will Hinton Davis Improving.Will Hinton Davis, who suffered anaccident in thd C. & 0. Railroad yardsat Danville recently, which resulted inthe amputation of one foot and one legat the knee is improving rapidly andhis condition is said to be good. Mr.Davis is at a hospital in Danville. Heis in good cheer and expects to be outsoon.We Save You Money.Wall paper bargains all during themonth of September. Come see ioryourself. We save you raonev.J. T. HINTON.Few Arrests During Week ofFair.According to records fewer arrestswere made last week than in formeryears during the progress of the Bourbon Fair. The police say there werefewer cases of misconduct on thestreets and at the fair grounds thanever before, which leaveB the impression that the large crowds were veryorderly.Seed Wheat and Seed Rye.See us before buying your seedwheat, seed rje and timothy.5 4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.The Carpet Store.If you need a carpet or rug go to acarpet store for it. Our stock is complete, the prices low and the qualityihe highest.J. T. HINTON.Goodman Accepts Local PositionB. F. Goodman, the star outfielderof the Paris basn ball aggregation, hasaccepted a position with the clothingfirm of Price & Co., and will remainin Paris during the coming winter instead of going to his home in Paintsvile. Mr. Goodman is exceedinglypopular among the peoplf of Paris,having played on the Paris team foithree consecutive years. He will beglad to have his friends call and seehim in his new positionFor School Children.Tablets, pens, inks, pencils and allkinds of school supplies for the children. Our prices are a little lowerthan any other store.12 tf T. LENIHAN.f eld's for Pall Footwear.Rare Exhibit.Among the poultry exhibits at theBourbon Fair last week was a pen ofrare birds which attracted a great'dealof attention. They were the exhibitof Mr. E. H. Borches, who is employed at the clothing store of J. W. Davis& Co. The chickens were of the WhiteCrested Polish breed and importedptock. Mr. Borchers purchased thefojr he had on exhibition here fromMr Candle.'prdsident of the Coca ColaCo., of Atlanta, Ga. On his fowls hetook three blue premiums and one red.The chickens are of a very rare breedEnd so far as is known are the onlybirds of this variety in this section.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.We are Ready.With the swellest line of woolens wehave ever shown. We suggest thatyou come in today and let us show youthe new ones. We do our tailoring inthe house.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Injured in Runaway Accident.As the result of a runaway accidentwhich occurred yesterday afternoonabout 4 o'clock, Tom Boyle, residirgnear Millersburg, wa seriously if notfatally injured. Boyle, who resides onthe farm of Mrs. R. C. Tablott, wasenroute to Millersburg in a two horsewagon. When nearing the city, andgoing down a hill one of his linesbroke, letting the wagon run upon theteam, one of the mules which was afractious animal, taking fright andr inning away. He suffered thrapsevere cuts on the head, one behindeach the right and left ear and also onthe forehead. Indications ara that hisskull is fractured at the base. He waspicked up in an unconscious conditionand taken to Millersburg where hewas attended by Dr. W. V. Humff an.His condition is regarded as serious.When You Pass Our Store.Stop at the windew and 'see the early fall hats. All the new shapes areshown. They'll suggest a successor toyour sunburned straw.J. W. DAVIS & Co. IFire At Fair Grounds.A leak in the gasoline stove in aconcession booth beneath the amphitheatre at the fair grounds whichcaught fire Saturday aftrencon. created considerable excitement and a panicwas narrowly averted. At the cry offire the crowd went into wild excitement which was followed by a rush toxeach the ground, and it was a miraclenone ;were injured. Director GeorgeMichael, taking in the situation at aglance had bis band playing a livelyair in an instant, which had the effectof restoring quiet, and probably preVf nted a serious disaster. No damageHas done by the fire, but Ed Rassenfoss was burned on the hands while removing th gasoline tank from thestove, while Bill Miller, colored,s iffered severe burns on one arm, noneof which were seriouf.F ire,wind and lightning insurance, Thomas & Woodford.PERSONAL MENTION.Nathan Bayless, Jr.was in Car-lisle yesterday.Mr. L. M. True, of Paris, was inMayvsill on business Friday.Sheriff O. B. Brock, of Winchester, was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Miss Hallie Gillespie, of Carlisle,is the guest of Miss Lou Kniffin Howard. Mr. Bruce Pollard, of Cincinnati,is a guest at the home of Mr. Wm.Myall." Miss Bessie O'Connor, of Newport, is the guest of Miss NellieS.hwartz.Mr. Luuis Mitchell, son of Mr.Albert Mitchell leaves today to enterBerea College.Miss Loretta Collier, of Millersburg, was the guest of the MissesDonaldson last week.Miss Josie Gardner left yesterdayafternoon for Dallas, Texas, for aseveral months' stay.Mr. E. K. Knapp, of Cincinnati,was the guest of his sister, Mrs. William Myall, Sunday.Mnster John Harris Clay left yesterday to enter Prof. Threlkeld'sschool at Nichoalsville.Masters Will Estill and RogerMoore will leave today to enter Threlkcld Institute at Harrodsburg.Miss Jean Scudder, of Chicago,will arrive today to be the guest oihe: aunt, Mrs. W. H. Harris.Miss Elizabeth Hinton left yesterday for Columbia, Mo., where she willenter Christian College for the comingterm.Misses Mabel and Lula Lyons, whohave been the guests of friends in thiscity, returned to their home in Lexington yesterday.iA marriage license was issuedyesterday by County Cierk Pe3rcePaton to Mr. James Huffaker and MissJessie Morton.Mr. W. S. Arnsparger, who hasbeen the guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. C. Arnsparger, has returned' toEaton, Ga.Mr. J. A. Bower and little son, J.A. Bower, Jr., were the guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Haynes atFein Bank, 0.Messrs Sidney Ardery, Tho.Prichard, Hiram Roseberry and JohnPrice will leave today to enter CentralUniversity, Danville.Mrs. Margory Simms, of Cynthiana, and Mrs. Thomas H. Hill, ofLatonia, who have been the guests ofMrs. George Allison, returned to theirtomes yesterday.Mrs. W. 0. Paxton and daughter,Miss Aileene.who have been the guestsof Mrs. Ed. Fithian, left yesterday forMt. Sterling, to visit at the home ofMrs. Clauda Paxton.-Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Smelser andlittle daughter, Ruth, of Surpoinsville,fenn., who have been the guests for aweek of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Smelser,have returned home.Mr. Frank Daugherty arrivedMonday from Birmingham, Ala., tospend the day with his mother, Mrs.C. A. Daugherty. Mr. Daugherty ismroute to his home in Philadelphia.Mr. Edward Shackleford and sister, Miss Laura Shackleford, nf Mt.Sterling, who have been with theircousins, Miss Elizabteh Embry andMrs. N. A. Moore, during the fair, returned home Sunday.Mrs. Charlotte Davis and daughter, miss joe uavis, oi Liexintgon, return home today after a visit to MissAnna May Davis. They have just returned from a six weeks stay in theNew England States.Miss Elizabeth Bewlay, of Lexington, who has been the attractive guestof Miss Katie Graham Thompson, atMrs. John T. Hinton's, returned to herhome Monday. Miss Bewlay is quitea favorite in Paris and several entertainments were given in her.hnnor.Mrs. C. C. Leer and daughter,Miss Carroll, will attend the State Fairthis week. Returning they will stopat Pewee Valley to be the guests ofCol. and Mrs. George and attend thestate reunion of the Confederateveterans and the Orphan Brigade atthe Soldiers' Home.Mrs. Anna Goddard and MissAnnie Ryles, of Harrodsburg. teachersin Bourbon College, accompanied bythe following young laides arrivedyesterday to enter that institution :Misses Annie Keith Allen, Rubie Redwitz, Jessica Litsey, Ruth Vandivier,Nora Webb and Mamie Goddard.Prof. M. A. Comack, who spent avery pleasant vacation with his parents in this city, left Sunday for SanAntonio, Texas, where he will enteron his duties as instructor in lan-guages in the High School of that city.Prof. Comack is a graduate of the ParisHigh Schoul and has been teaching inTexas for several years.Mrs. Albert Hinton entertainedwith a card party Saturday morning incompliment to Miss Katie GrahamThompson, of Columbia, S. C. Fivehundred was the game enjoyed by theycung ladies and .the fortunate prizewinners were Miss Clara BelleO'Neil, first prize, a pretty book ;Miss Jessica Litsey, second, a daintyfan; Miss Katie Thompson, the guestprize, a beautiful silver pin; MissElizabeth Bewlay, the consolationprize, a deck of cards. .At noon a delicious luncheon of substantial wasserved, consisting of cheese loaf, ham,peas in timbale shells, beaten biscuit,sandwiches, pickle, tomatoes on nasturtium leaves, chicken croquettes,pineapple ice and coffee.The guests who were present uponthis delightful occasion were MissesElizabeth and Nellie Crutcher.Katherine Davis, Elizabeth Bewlay, ofLexington, Katie Thompson, JessicaLitsey, of Harrodsburg, ElizabethYerkes, Clara Belle and Nannie BrentO'Neill, Katherine Thompson, MaryBatterton, JMary Peed, of Mayslick,Elizabeth Hinton, Maragret Ardery,Ethel Johnson, of Millersburg, LizzieJasper and Mr. William Adams, ofCynthiana.Z -Master Alexander Howard, whohas been spending the summer withhis grandmother, Mrs. Belle BrentAlexander, returned to his home inCovington Sunday afternoon, the guestof honor in air. Owen Davis' "Speedwell." Mr. and Mrs. Ulie Howard,his parents, who had been spendingtae week or the fair with Mr. andMr?. Buckner Woodford, Jr., accom-Jpaniad him. Master Howard is anaroent base ball fan and was a regularattendant at the games played here by,the Paris team. He is quite an admirer of Manager McKeinan as well asthe other members of the club, andsays if there is anything in the talk ofCovington, his home town, enteringthe Blue Grass League, he will still bea "booster" for Paris and thar hewould "rather be McKernan thanPresident Taft." Such loyalty is seldom seen in a boy of his age.Russell Wouldn't Come Across.When Preisdent Bacon sent a certifiedcheck for $1,000 to Joe Nolan, Sporting Editor of the Cincinnati Enquirerlast week as his part of the agreementfor the series of five games betweenMaysville and Paris for that amounton the side, President Russell, ofMaysville, kicked over the traces andmade a noise like he had cold feet.President Bacon took Russell to be aman that would back up his judgment,and when the latter made the proposition Mr. Bacon immediately postedhis part of the bet. Russell latermade a big noise through the columnsof the Enquirer that the Paris president had taken water, which promptedMr. Bacon to draw the money postedhere and send in to Nolan.Bacon yesterday received a telegramfrom Russell stating he would not beable to arrange for the series owingto the fact it would be impossible tohold his team together for that lengthot time. It is clearly evident that theMayvsille president was only bluffingand it gives the Paris fans a greatdeal of pleasure to know that Baconcalled his bluff.Special Prices on Rugs.We are oeffring the folowing specialprices on rugs this week :Special 9x12 Axminster rugs only$16.75.Special 9x12 Brussell rugs only$12.75.These are certatinly bargains.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Card oi Thanks.The ladies of the Hospital Leaguedesire to thank tbe merchants of Parisand the citizens of the town and county for their generous donations for thefair dinner and all who assisted themin any way to maUe Ihe dinner a success. The League realized seven hundred dollars en the dinner.THE COMMITTEE.$5 Reward.A reward of $5 will be paid for 'thereturn of the Ranger Bicycle taken atthe fair grounds Saturday night and noquestions will be asked.12 3t JACK WOODS.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedFriday to Mr. Christopher Blevins andMiss Melissa Todd. BBPARIS GRANDThursday,September14ROBT. H. HARRISPRESENTSThe Greatest Pioneer and IndianDrama of the Hour,DANIEL BOONEOn The Trail,Carrying a Band of Siox Indiansand a Pack of Siberian Wolves.WATCH FOR THEM.PRICES-25-35-50.WANTED.I want an office hoy. Call at myoffice.DR. VV. C. USSERY.'STRAYED HOGSFour hogs have strayed fo my placeon the L. J. Fretwell farm, nearAusterlitz. Owner can have same byproving property and paying charges.HOWARD ADAMS,6-3tpd Austerlitz, Ky.Public Sale of DesiralleOn Wednesday, September 13, at10 :30 will be sold on fcthe premises tothe best bidder the residence of Mrs.Mattie Hutchcraft, Corner Main andFitfeenth streets. It has all themodern conveniences. Inspection invited till day of sale. House closedon that day.GEORGE VARDEN.FOR RENT.Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Good stable onpremises. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.29 tf E. T. Phone 591.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker good asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.28 tf - R. F. D. No. 3.That "Ever-Livin' Feeling.". "Plant a Watermelon On My Grave, "is the latest topical song. The melonswe sell right off the ice will give youthat "ever-hvin' feeling."C. P. COOK & CO.Heating Stoves.Our line of new heaters is complete.'Don't try to nut un that nM stnvpoldstove.Come in and let us fix youPrices within reach.upright.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Special Freight Train Wrecked.A caboose and a car loaded withlumber were demnlished at Millersburg about six o'clock Saturday afternoon, when an extra freight collidedwith the rear end of train No 96. Theengine on the extra was badly damaged. No one was injured. The latepassenger train bound for Maysvilleand heavily loaded with passengersreturning from the Bourbon fair, wasdelayed for several hours before thetrack was cleared.Stay at homeand go to the theatreSounds funny, doesn't it?Yet that's exactly what youcan do when you own aVictor stay at home andenjoy the finest kind of a performance. The greatestsingers, musicians and comedians in the world are atyour command, and youcan arrange a program tosuit yourself.Stop in today and get a Victor foryour home. Any style Victor ($10 to$100) or Victor-Victrola ($75 to $250)you prefer on easy monthly payments.The cost of a few theatre tickets amonth will pay for the permanentenjoyment of the Victor.DaughertyBros. .IIIIMII'm JfcTHIIU- it MiTfClgaVERY SPECIALZ l !rjiv3 I I j").Come in andW I iimiiiimi n immiiihiiii iim"" - ...m l ..r ,. ...... .iwiaiuiaai MB1M B MMIM1I.WonderfulReductions inI will sell you LAWN andbeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKSJ. T.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hfnton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.tIIDROP INTake aNew Fall GoodsBeautiful New Silks and Trimmings,Latest Novelties inDRESS GOODSImported ideas in Neckwear and all DressAccessories. NW. EdjWE ARE READY FOR YOUiFee's CashFor ThisTin Cans.IIMasonQuart JarsMason 1-2 gallon Jars8 Bars LenoxSoapDundee brand Evaporated Milk, thebest packed, 3 cans for.Matches, 3 boxes of the bestSafety Matches .......:FEE'SLI HAVE SOMETO OFFER YOU ONWALL PAPER,PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.KCI3STT03STa-rLook at OurTucker I:iC "i IopewdiNWeek..35c doz.I50c doz.,75c doz.I10cIPRICESCarpets,Mattingand25c25cRugs.Get Them.tiiiflA-- --7vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 12, 1911.!HIhiMfFREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVECURED HIS CONSTIPATIONWhen a person has become discouraged through years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesup trying, it is small wonder that hebecomes skeptical. m And yet, to allwho have constipation, we would say,"Try just one thing more."We wish you would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name and address to Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. retty of Unionville, Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmerman of Harrisburg, Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample bottleand now have it regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away withsalts, waters and crhartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles sothat they will do their work againnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, III.I TWIN BROS.,Clothing Departmentpatterns inBros, andWe are showing the new FallAlfred Benjamin's, SchlossMassell Brand Clothing.There three represent the finest to be had inReady-Made Clothing.Prices Range from $10 to $25We are showing at $15 a classy range of the newBrown Suits that are gjeat values.We are sole agents for French's Men's finebench-made Shoes 4 and $5 ; W. L. DouglasShoes $2, $2.50 3, 3.50,Hawes Van Gal finest $6 Hat made.Full line of Stetson Hats $4 and $5.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and TravelingBags at lowest prices.Twin BrosLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEEST EFFECT JULY 9, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No.Trains .A.rrrveFROM34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily134 Lexington, Ky., Daily7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday37 Cincinnati, O., Dsily3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily33 Cincinnati, O., Daily26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily38 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily5 Maysville, Ky., Daily39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday.30 Lexington, Ky., Daily32 Jacksonville, Fla.. Daily14 Lexington, Ky.. Daily31 Cincinnati, 0., Daily..5.26 am..5.23 am..7.35 am..7.38 am..7.55 am..8.12 am..9.50 am.10.02 am.10.05 am.10.10 am.11.50 am..3.10 pm..3.15 pm..3.22 pm..3.25 pm..5.40 pm..5.40 pm..6.29 am..615 Dm..6 27 pm.10.17 pm.10:40 pm-ii.. Trains IDe-psirtTONo.84 Cincinnati. O., Daily4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday.40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday29 Lexington, Ky., Daily37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily133 Lexington, Ky., Daily6 Maysville, K., Daily26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday38 Cincinnati, O., Daily9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday32 Cincinnati, O., Daily13 Lexington, Ky., Daily8 Maysville, Ky., Daily! Except Sunday30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday31 Lexington, K. , Daily13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily. .5.33 am..5.35 am..7.47 am..7.35 am..8.20 an:..8.20 am..9.57 am..9.55 am.10.15 am.10.18 am.11.52 am.11.54 am..3.40 pm..3.35 pm. .5.48 pm..5.50 pm..6.22 pm..6.25 pm..6.25 pm..6.35 pm.10.48 pm.10.50 pmIF, dh O- TIIEiES-IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sund a4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only..8.15 am..3 40 pm..6.01 pm.10.00 pmTrains TDeip&urto. TOjsj Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Onlyp Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday.91 ankfort, Ky., Daily Except SundaySlrankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday ,Trying fora Prize.7.10 am.7.43 am.-.9.53 am..5.55 am"It isn't worth the trouble," declaredJessie, throwing her music roll uponthe piano and sinking into a cha'if."It really isn't!""What?" asked her friend In surprise. "This medal getting! This strivingafter fame! This mad rush afterglory!" groaned Jessie with a melancholy wave of her hand. "I'll neverdo it again, Mary. Never!""That's what you said last time.""I know it, but I mean it now.Look at me just look at me, willyou?""You certainly do look worn out,"said Mary. "But didn't you win thefirst prize?""First prize!" cried her friend. "Ididn't win any! That's just the trouble. I didn't come within half a mileof winning. And the time I've spentand the agony I've endured! When Ithink of that well, it's a wonder I'venot turned to stone. That's what Itold father last night when he wasraving.""Raving!""Yes. You see he had promised mea diamond ring if I distinguished myself, as he termed it, and when I toldhim that I came out seventeenth fromthe highest and then added that Ineeded a trip abroad to recuperate after my exertions, he said he would giveme a place to work in his office sothat I wouldn't waste any more timeon such tommy-rot as music.""But what did your mother say?""Nothing. She was so busy packing and getting ready to go to a sanitarium that she couldn't sympathizewith me. She'll all worn out doinghousework. You see, our maid leftand I've been so busy practicing that Ihaven't had tlme to help her forweeks.""But your brother didn't he have aword of comfort for you?""I haven't seen him yet. He's coming home tonight. He's been boardingwith the Claytons since April. Hesaid he couldn't stand the sound ofthat second movement in my pieceand if he heard it any more he wouldgo mad. I used to shut all the doors,but It didn't seem to do any good. Thechromatics would get through somehow, so he said he would stay withthe Claytons until the contest wasover.""But George surely he tried tocheer you up.""Cheer me up!" cried Jessie, tearfully. "He was a brute. Why, whenI told him I had lost the medal, whatdo you suppose he said?""What?""He said, 'That's very strange afterall those eveningB you devoted to practice.' You ,see, whenever he wantedto call, I'd tell him he would have towait until the examinations were over.And what do you suppose he's doingnow?""What?""Taking Nan Perkers everywhere.He never would look at her before.""Never mind," consoled Mary."There are other Georges.""And everybody blames me becauseI didn't get the prize!" lamented JesBie. "That's what hurts. For it wasn'tmy fault at all. It was my nervoustemperament. You see, we were numbered. I was No. 3. and when I came,Into the room to play we played before the jury of man teachers, youknow I couldn't see a piano at first,although I knew there were two in theroom. At last my teacher came to myrescue and led me up to one of them,and I started off."I got along pretty well until I sawone of the men put a pencil to hislips. Somehow or other that pencilfascinated me. It was a long, yellowone and had a worn-out eraser on oneend. It got on my nerves. I wantedto shriek, 'Put it down! Put it down!'only my lips were so dry that I couldnot make a sound."After a while I felt a tap on myshoulder and, looking up, saw myteacher. 'That's all,' he said. 'You'vefinished.' 'And he never put it down,'I said. Then I wondered why theylooked so strangely at me,.Bloodin Loosens the phlegmCough immediately nd perChokr manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAiitctions. The best remedy lorchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrtette Wells AHen,Gffny.S.C. says:I Jwve ka4 BrocWtis for about tweaty years andHt the first edtctec that has done Be such good.Ah!!!The dispenser had Just mixed adrink, which, to put It mildlyreally,without the slightest desire to exaggerate or to color the facts In theslightest was a lulu. He who receivedIt took one long draught, smacked hislipe, rolled his eyes toward the ethereal regions.. Then he remarked, In ahushed voice: "Say, fellows, that'a adrink fit-for an ace!""At last I found myself outside thedoor and then I sat down and waited.I saw another girl, No. 33, go in, andI noticed that she looked rather pale.'I wonder if she'll see that pencil,' Ithought. But after a while she cameout again, paler than ever, but perfectly composed and not in the leastfrightened." 'How did you ever do it?' I gasped."She looked at me and smiled.'Dope,' she said."Dope!' I repeated stupidly. Thenshe told me. It seems that she tookthree doses of some sort of powderbefore going into the examinationroom. Ordinarily the doses wouldhave put a strong man to sleep, buttaken in a moment of excitement theymerely calmed the nerves."Well, the next day I heard that shehad won one of the-medals, so I wenthome and told the family.""What did they say?" asked Mary."They laughed at me, and when Isaid that next year I was going totrike dope and try for a prize, fathersaid, 'Oh, no! The next time yu trpfor a prize, the whole family will takedope.'v"Natural Inference."There goes a woman who muathave- heard that lemon juice is: goodfor the complexion.":t International GasolinevENGINESt- .All Types of Eu silage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor,. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Japanese Ingenuity.A remarkable specimen of Japanese ingenuity and skill has justpassed through the New York customhouse. It is a complete set of falseteeth carved entirely out of hardwoodof a color to exactly Imitate the natural teeth. They are intended foractual use.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.GHTBBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with -pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery svmpthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure., Samples 3ent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour troUble and free medical adviceMmmtmmzTWIN BROS.H Department Store This Week:Aprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hosel5c,Gingham Dresses $1.98,jworth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers:19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25,Jworth $2.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores"in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentuckyzt'&R&3mmmmmmmmmmmmm4P ., feIt s not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not dnp under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold,it s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theRnnn?Nr9?cL,?bsi)lut?,ly tPerfiLct roofinS- Amalgamate! ARCKUUMNG is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amal-ganiaicu xxixkj jKjvjrivnj snouia iaii to satisfy.J AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, HL?Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.One LotNBTTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $61 Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sieM'WillNo more tickets given on raffle until further noticeI;IIW. T. Brooks, Agent.V1fcr-f -. ! &,"Why do you think; so ?;t ? - -"She has a" sour rdokingfaco.'? ff" -$'given, sole by varden & Son. .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY SEPT. 12, 1911.Don't Suffer!" I had been troubled, a little, for nearly 7 years," writesMrs. L. Fincher, in a letter from Peavy, Ala., "but I wasnot taken down, until March, when I went to bed and hadto have a doctor. He did all he could for me, but I got nobetter. I hurt all over, and I .could not rest At last, I triedCardui, and soon I began to improve. Now I am in verygoc alth, and able to do all my housework."You may wonder why Cardui is so successful, afterother remedies have failed. The answer is that Cardui issuccessful, because it is composed of scientific ingredients,that act curativcly on the womanly system. It is a medicinefor women, and for women only. It builds, strengthens, andrestores weak and ailing women, to health and happiness.If you suffer like Mrs. Fincher did, take Cardui. Itwill surely do for you, what it did for her. At all druggists.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 60DR.DOLLE'S !iUOTITIITE Where MEN e CURED.InO I 1 I U I C LET ME CURE YOUI i.TINESTEQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAYFAMOUS FOB 20 TEAKS.Difficult Surgical Operations performodwith skill and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST CURESOf any Specialist. That Star Cured.TOBJTG JXES AND ALIi MEN, COME.Off B? PERMANENT CUBE, -without- Ew the knife. One treatment cures.VABIf-flf-CI C NO KNIFE. CnrcdtawAtlfuUlfCLE One Treatment.OIIDTIKDET Stricture, Etc. CurediUr I Ul Cy by Improved Methods.Blood Diseased, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Bolls, Ulcers. Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys, Bladder and Prostatetilaud, Bheumatism, Nervous Troubles.UVnDnnCI E Cured in OneTJsIt. XoniUHUuCLEL knue. Ho danger.All caes guaranteed and accepted on the'DolIoPlan'' of not one dollar to be paid unlesscured. Better come thousands of miles to hareDr. Dalle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for G4 pajre Book Free, -which is -worthitE weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent f-ealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postaee. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me bo that I can write you just"what is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theW P HpQTPDV.CIILUI7) XJ l. -. Wl-tU tJt30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanentlv, without deadlvmercury, with pure Botanical ingred- jents. To prove it we will send von aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone painb, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (riotanicBlood balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing trio entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase ot blood poison. Uruggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand freo medical advice given.Sold by Vi rJen & Son.WALTERNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every grainerowinff country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare: lightness of draft:handiness of operation:MADEdurability of construe'tion; ability to do perfect work in any kindor grain; accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, andnow give it itsza o at .successfulOvvk Ione a oinaer tnarYerkes &TheWoman'sTonic.EJSvzSkSS.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.WHHHHHHHMAnnouncement.I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jgJk. -. ( E. T. 334.Residence J Home 331.Notice Posted.All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W, WRIGHT.29 6t Hume and Bedford Pike.will do work no other machinecan do.it is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billsBVwith less loss of time.We'd like to send youAour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Thm BmmtYmt"M WOODPHhhmhhhhhPrit chard,POPULAR EXCURSION"Land of the ky " andphire Country."apTuesday. September 12 the Queen &Crescent Route in connection withSouthern Railway will operate aspecial excursion to the "Land of theSky" and "Sapphire Country" at thefollowing low ground trip fares fromLexington :Asheville. N. C. $7.50.Hendersonville, N. C, $8.50.Waynesville, N. C, $8.50.LakeVToxaway, N. C, S9.50.Final limit to return until September 27, 1911.Special train consisting of Pullmandrawing room sleeping cars, Pullmanobservation sleeping cars, modern daycoaches, electrically lighted.will leaveLexington at 9 p. m. Tuesday, September 12.Upon payment of $1.50 additional tofares named above tickets t will berouted going direct or returning viaChattanooga, Lookout Mountain, orthe reverse.Stopovers will be permitted at manypoints, including Knoxville, Tenn.,enabling passengers to visit the GreatAppalachian Exposition.Ask ticket agents for particulars oraddressH. C. KING, P. & T. A..Lexington, Ky.W. A. BEOKLER, G. P. A.,Cincinnati, OhioThe Total Defect.Percy Does Algy's new suit fithim? Chojlie No, bah Jove! Thetrousers pockets are too small to holdhis hands. Harper's Bazar.' LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Doni't imprison the disease germs Inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and give you instant relief. (G. S. Varden & Son.A Fier3e Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of achild, suddenly atticked by croup.Often it aroused Lewis Chamblin, ofManchester, O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they would die, but since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for croup and torcoughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others.Solmay you. Asthma, Hay Fevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly before it. 50c and 1.00Trial bottlefree.;Sold bv Oberdorfer.One of Life's Mysteries.Why is it that the same remarkwhich draws a laugh if made by oneis a sure sign for a fight it made byanother?Kills a Murderer.A merciless murderer is Appendicitis with many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Pills kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constipation, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.Pretty Likely.When a woman enters a prize contest she is likely to feel pretty surethat the winner had a pull with thejudges.A few years aeo flyingmachines were hardlythought of, nor wasScott's Emulsionin summer. Now Scott'sEnmlsion is as much a summer as a winter remedy.Science did it. All DruegUtWASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certalmsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't you, make every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bei willing to spend your last cent to find1 the cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terribie burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried it, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. We auure you of instant Telief.rc S. Vardnr. & Son.BEATTIE ISTO DIE INJury Is Out LessThan Hour.IS QUICKLY SENTENCEDDramatic Scenes Enacted inBackwoods Courthouse.PRISONER GREATLY MOVEDJudge Orders Jury to Take WalkBefore Beginning DeliberationIn One of Virginias Most NotedMurder Trials.Chesterfield C. H., Van vThree minutes less than an hour thejury deliberated and then after firstballot they filed into the little courtroom and pronounced Henry ClayBeattie, Jr.. guilty of the murder of hiswife, 'X.ouise Owen Beattie, as charged in the indictment. Murder in thefirst degree was what the Indictmentcharges. After the verdict had beenread. Judge Watson sentenced theyoung man to be removed to the statepenitentiary on Oregon Hill, Richmond, and on Friday, the 24th day ofNovember, between sunrise and sunset, that his life be taken in the manner prescribed by law. The Virginialaw prescribes the electric chair.Jury Given Short Walk.When Louis O. Wendenburg, chiefcommonwealth prosecutor, had finished his summing up nothing remainedto be done then but for the jury toretire to the little juryroom over thecourtroom and take with them thefate of the white-faced youth who had. n,v 4v ;JHENRY C. BEATTIE, JR.Young Virginian Found Guilty ofKilling Wile.sat in an unchanged position duringthe two and a half hours that thelawyers had been building up, bit bybit, the incriminating evidence thatwas to weigh against him in theminds of the 12 Chesterfield farmersin their box.Judge Watson whispered for a min.ute to his clerk and then he directedthat Sheriff Gill take the jury for astroll around the courthouse green."Let them get a little exercise. Mr.Sheriff," the court directed, "beforethey retire to the juryroom to deliberate upon this important matter.''Judge Watson had whispered toClerk Gogbill that he did not want tohave the jury retire immodiatelyupon the closing of the prosecutor'sspeech. If by chance they should return a quick verdict their actionmight appear to be too precipitateand possibly influenced by the passionate peroration that had concludedWendenburg's speech.Fifty-seven minutes passed. Thenabove the low hum of conversation inthe still crowded courtroom, threeknocks on the floor of the room overhead sounded three muffled knocks."The jury has knocked," the excited whisper spread through the courtroom. A deputy ran down stairs fromthe cubbyhole up under the eaves,where the 12 men sat behind a locked door, and told Sheriff Gill that thejury had knocked. Back in 1754,when the old courthouse was built,that custom was established. A jury'mocked when it had reached its decision. Then ludge Watson, who had beensmoking a -cigar out under the .gathering shadows beneath the greatwhite oak, walked in and took hisseat on the bench. Those spectatorswho had dared to leave the courtfoom, believing that the jury would)e out far into the night, scrambled'rantically for their places, which: . ' Afe ' ..', W -, .&.GUILTY;NOVEMBER.were already filled. A deputy passedaround and lit four kerosene lampsin their brackets and one on thejudge's desk.Silence Prevailed.For many long minutes there wasnot a sound in the packed room. Afew benches away from the bar wherethe lawyers sat were close packedrows of faces all streaked and shadowed fantastically in the lamplight.Henry Beattie sat with his handsfolded on the table before him, perfectly immobile, his face toward thejudge's seat. It was sharpened inoutline and the peculiar feline expression about the eyes was heightened by the wideness of the pupils,and the thin, in-drawn lines thatstretched straight from the bridge ofthe nose. Excitement glittered in hiseyes. The mouth was drawn in sothat only a slight dark smudge marked its position.Sheriff Gill's pugnacious chin whiskers showed over the head of thenethermost men who blocked the aisleto the stairs; the man was pushedaside and then the sheriff marshaledhis 12 men through the pack and totheir seats over in the corner behindthe judge's desk.Judge Watson instructed the clerkto call the roll of the jury. He didso. Then, "Mr. Beattie, stand up,"the court directed, and Beattie arosein his place. He rested one hand onhis hip, arm akimbo, and the otherhand he put, fist clenched, on tne tablebefore him. The lamp over his headshowed that all the blood had fledfrom those tightened knuckles, but inthe face not a quiver, and the eyeswere steady."Gentlemen of the jury, look uponthe prisoner. Prisoner, look upon thejury," the clerk chanted in the oldformula of dread. Then, "Gentlemenof the jury, have you reached a verdict?" the clerk asked.A single muffled answer. "Yes.""What is that verdict?" "Guiltyguilty guilty guilty."No foreman spoke, but all of the12, nearly in unison. The successionof their short chopped iterationssmote the silence ponderously.At that very second a puff of windfrom the nearby windows smote theflame in the lamp on the judge'sdesk. The flame elongated into astreaky flare, then went out. Out inthe horse shed by the courthousegreen a mule dreaming of his strawbed and long delayed oats raised hisvoice into a quivering scream thatrasped and rasped, then was still.W. L. Burgess, who was nearest tothe judge, handed up the folded indictment which had been taken withthe jury into the juryroom. Acrossthe back of it was written the words,"We, the jury, find the defendantguilty as charged in the indictment." Jury Sent Back.The jury having failed to indicatethe degree of murder they were sentback to their room. The judge toldBeattie's counsel to have him setdown. When the son took his seat,he looked not at his father nor at hiscounsel. The father sat with eyestight shut. His hand slipped over ,the back of the prisoner's chair andthe fingers wavered as if undecided,whether to touch the back of the ad- jjudged murderer. They did not.The jury was away many minutes, 'and when the jurymen filed backinto their places the clerk orderedthe prisoner to stand and once moredemanded of the jury if they hadreached a verdict. This, time the juryhanded up their finding of "guilty" ofmurder In the first degree, as charged in the indictment.Judge Watson lifted his eyes fromhis desk and saw Beattie still standing, one arm akimbo, and tho whiteface all puckered in the lamp'sshadow."Sit down, Mr. Beattie," he said.Then he turned to the jury andthanked them for the faithful serviceof three weeks that they had rendered to the county. He dismissedthe jury with a wave of his hand,but still they kept their seats.Motion Overruled.Attorneys for the defense then moved that the verdict be set aside ascontrary to law and the evidence,which was promptly overruled by thecourt. A motion for a stay of execution was also overruled and JudgeWatson, after a lengthy address tothe prisoner, sentenced him in thefollowing language:"The judgment of this court is thatyou be transferred to the state penitentiary and that between sunrise andsunset on Friday. Nov. 24, your lifebe taken in the manner presciibed bylaw; and may God have mercy onyour soul, sir."The judge finished, Beattie stillfaced him with his cat-like eyes unwinking. When the last words fellfrom Judge Watson's lips the prisoner bowed stiffly, as if he would saytenderloin slang, "I get you,Judge."When Jailer Bill Cogbill, who hadbeen standing very close to the prisoner during all these proceedings,stepped forward and tapped Beattieon the shoulder. He arose mechanically, and with his father following athis elbow, he walked through thedoor and down the little path to thejail behind the courthouse. Once outon the ground the father's arm slipped around the waist of the condemned murderer and words were whispered into his ear.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.lt"TTIluargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats, vBacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,LParis, Ky.JWHAT CURES ECZEMA?Wo have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that wa are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wasn of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make tnisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors janless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that It gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It .cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yeanrof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son,How's This.IWe offer One Hundred Dollars Keward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable inall business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constupation. Emerson's Advice to Writers.If you learn to write, 'tis In thastreet you must learn. You must frequent the public square. There youmust defend your every view and attitude. The people and not the college is the writer's home. Keep itouch with your fellow man. Emerson. Has Millions 0! Friends.How v ould you like to number yourfriends by the millions as Rncklin'sArnica Salve does? Its astoundingcures in the pat forty years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczema, burns,boils, scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyee,sprains, swellings, bruises, cold sores.Has no equal forjpiles. 25c at Ober-dorfer's.mia1;1vHyttMtJ9mhmHHm mv mttfMSmfmmiifmfmi JBTiYgfr m ijjFii i TB.mi!Af!IIiniTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY SEPT. 12, 1911.ihf1-4 1-3A.HCL "7AND 1-2 OFFill Last lO ZDays OnlyAll Men's Suits (not damaged) all new Fall, 1911, styles, at 1-2 regular price. One lot of Boys' Suits at 50c,Men's Stiff and Soft Hats not damaged at 1-2 price.IMIeiVs and Boy's Caps, lOcEverything must be sold in a very short time, before the fall, season starts.Benn ieWeissbergThe Home of Better Clothes, 426 Main Street, Paris, Kentucky.!HIn ' 'FINAL CUT GN ALLIFootwearBeginning: This WeekVE rjiM tm i m mn hmj l mi iii iiinni HtA HMM- l!iGood Record for Odd Fellow.If the following be correct, and itshould be, coming as it ,does from"TheKentucky Odd Fellows,"it speaksmighty well for the Odd Fellows' orderin Adams county, Ohio, and whateveris true of the order in that county isevidently true everywhere. "TheOlder of Odd Fellows has a light 10feel proud of their organization, sinceit has been learned that out of 856members in Adams county pollirg5,400 votes, nearly 2,100 of whom aredisfranchised, not a single Odd Fellowwas indicted for selling his vote. Thisfact has been revealed by GrandMaster Hoffman who has just finishedmaking an investigation."DEATHS.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Canal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Canal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in fshort space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ortheir patrons. tfmmEu5r&2Sph ALL &Walk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.ecials For This WeekHogs Killed by Street Car.Saturday nigh about 10:C0 o'clock bcar on the interurban road ran overand kilted fifteen hogs and badly crippled two others on South Main streetin front of W. C. Dodson's warehouse.The hogs were being driven from theNorth Middletown pike to the BaldwinPacking Company's plant. Therewere sixty in the drove, and they werespread out across the street at thatpuint, when one of the city cais,which was running from the fairgrounds into town, ran into them.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfMr. Robert S. Wilmott, 79 yearsold, died Saturday night at his homeon the Cummins pike, of Bright's disease. He is survived by two daughters, Mrs. Lizize Cummins, with whomhe made his home, and Mrs. PearlHoward, of Baxter, Ky., and threebrothers, C. S. Wilmctt, of Fayettecounty, Charles E. Wilmntt.of Lexington, and I.F. Wilmott, of Hutchison.Mi. Wilmott has been married threetimes. His first wife was Mis Elizabeth Tanner, second Mis3 Hcwa'd andthe third Mrs. Ect n.The funeral was held at the familyhome Monday morning at 11 o'clock,services ny Elder J. T. Shairard and Jtne Dunai took place in the Lexingtoncemetery yesterday afternoon.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Councilmen from their respective Wards,subject to the action of the Democratic, City Primary September 22,1911 :FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks.C. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton.C. E. Butler.J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.The Quality Store.Our furniture bears the reputationof being the best and most substantialquality of goods that can be bought.That's the reason our customers comeDack. We invite new patrons to comeand see us.J. T. HINTON."TTIInsure with W. O. Hinton.i Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfNOTICE.Ladies White Canvas Button Shoes,high Cuban heel, plain toe, shortvamps. $3.00 value. While they lastSpecial Dmm9 I rLadies' latest style two-strap VelvetPumps. Very comfortable for thishot weather.Special a 57HomeComing and Reunion.The Maddoxtown colored Baptistchurch will on Sunday, Sept. 10, holda campmeeting at Berry's Grove. Theround trip over the interurban fromLexington will be 30 cents, also 30 forthe round trip from Paris. Tickets onsale at the stations m Lexington andin Paris. There will be an oratorialcontest between Rev. R. Quarles andRev. W. H. Stephenson. The subjectof the contest will be "The Conditionof the Negroes in America." Admission 10 cents. Tickets on sale from 10a. m. until 6 p. m.4t H. S. STEPHENSON, Mgr.Come to Us for Your Footwear-We Save You MoneyDAN336 "Main StreetCOHENParis, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.County Schools Open.Twenty-four of the schools of Bourbon county opened yesterday morningfor the fall term. Following are theschools and the teachers assigned:Centerville, Miss Alma Burns ;Jacksonvile, Miss Jennie Miller; Houston,Miss Lola Gray ; Clay's Cross Roads,Miss Susie Clay ; Monterey, MissAileene Pryor; Ford's Mill, MissBessie Talbott; Rudles Mills, MifsJesfcie Reeves ;Eals, Miss MayoOIliver;Kiserton, Miss Ryda Thornton ; Palmer, Miss Urusie Elliott; PleasantGreen, Miss Belle Ki3er; Mclvlaine,Miss Nellie Cassity : Colville. MissBessie Miller; Tarr, Miss Maiy Lenihan; Burris, Miss Amanda Rummans;Deaver, Miss Jennie Howard; StonyPoint. Miss Bedford Martin: RerimnnMiss Ada Brown; North Midletown,Miss Alma Rice; Cunningham, MissSadie Clark ; Clintonville, Miss MaryGcrham; Bethlehem, Miss MaltieNeal; Dudley, Mrs. Bailie C. Ardery;Hutchison, Mrs. Elizabeth Dancn.All accounts due the firm ot Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the- firm,ResDectfuly,22 tf YERKES & KEftNEY.FIRST WARD.L. Wollstein.SECOND WARDDr. Wm. Kenney.D. C. Parrish.William Ardery.TalRD WARD.John McCarthy.To My Friends and HofflePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordereand help in getting them frenfyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.fOiir I inp nf Q-linr C5I1ver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.Both Phones."The House of "Qualityii