X -'inl ,- -tft.nT ' 4THE BOURBON NEWS.VPUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND PRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1911.NUMBER 41S?nsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfLogan Howard,Announcement.Miss Alexander desires to announcethat she will again chaperone a selectparty of ladies to Chautauqua Lake,leaving on Thursday, July 6th. Ladiesinterested or aesinng to join tms jparty please communicate as early aspossible with Miss Nannie W. Alexander 812 West Maxwell street, Lexington, Ky.Special.Snccial at Weissberg's. GovernmentKhakis at $1.25 per pair.News of The Diamond.FRIDAY.HMM&flMilBBHiflHHHHIB JABflHHftRELIGIOUS.Staple and fancy Groceries,Main Street,Will give you one dollar'sworth (10) of S. & H. GreenTrading StampsEXTRAfor this coupon, besides thoseyou get with a purchase of .50c or more.Both Phones 179.The new Methodist church will hededicated on Sunday, June 11, and thededicatory sermon will be preached byBishop H. C. Morrison, of Leesburg,Florida.Ten persons who professed faithduring the recent revival at the Christian church, were received into thefellowship of the chur:h at the services Sunday night.A revival meeting "will begin atthe Paris Methodist church on Monday, June 12. Rev. J. L. Clark, president of the Kentucky YYesleyan college, Winchester, will do the preaching. Rev. Clark will be rememberedas a former pastor of the Parischurch..-tM. v--'-'V - wEifijJB iangsH WM )MM5hbm IVUIi imjHi IifEFmXSffii :ffSr'j 1m2S (Kswvvvvw I9' r -r- -r- - ' - - - -c?vrvii CTnrk.;fl&aOl Tf nn roich tn rqII vnur hank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCriONEER M. F. KENNEY,j 14 mch 3m E. T. phone Gob.?Wwtf QUALITY ANDQUANTITYt The hard times and high prices are over. Buy fromios$OSfisOSfa(ISmvus and you wi'.l spend less and eat more than you Jtf tf ircoma a year ago.Standard Granulated Sugar, 19 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12White Bacon, per pound 10Country Bacon, per pound 14Sliced English Cured Bacon, per pound 20Sliced Breakfast Bacon, per pound 24Small Hams, per pound - .T. .-rr?rrf- .12 1-2Lenox Soap, 8 bars 2oArgo Starch. 3 boxes 103-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 2oCalifornia Table Peaches, 2 cans. v .35Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Navy Beans, 3 quarts 2oPrunes, per pond 10Fancv Apricots, evaporated, per pound IdRolled Oats, 2 boxes 15New York Cream Cheese, per pound 20Standard Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITY .BIub Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack '1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55mwwwMrosOSOS Thp Cimrp-rv 9,tar& of Oualitv. 3cIW ""W,, -- -v W4OST. C. LENIHAIN, PropBoth Phones 234."-?saH The "Secret Service'5 ofj("Jeihjrt" SuitF.io-htv-five ner cent, of the style of a garment is contributed by the tailoring-fifteen 5per cent, comes from the designing.FACT!felSt1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.4 Linen canvas stays, colawater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.6 All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttoas shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps.7'8 Edging silk st titched byhand.0 Every tailor a ' -bench-bred"custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines, noskimping or schampingWhen vou buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getwhA?tSri?3ie "air" and the wear that come from thetmllrTM rlflt through and time-takinghand tailoring all through-$lS to $32 50,Price & Co.,Clothiers.jsfc-The Bourbonites made it twostraights from Frankfort Friday afternoon when they won the last game ofthe series by a score of 7 to 2. Thecontest opened with a snap and vigorthat bid lair to make the game one , ofthe liveliest seen on the local lot thisseason, but when the locals took thelead in the second inning the resultwas never in doubt.Ynilcps essavtd to nitch for theLawmakers but showed signs of weakness in the second inning, when hepassed the first man ud and allowedtwo hits. He was then relieved byCramer who held the Bourbonites incheck until the sixth when anothertrio of runs was counted.Schrauder was sent in to twirl forthe locals and while he displayed alittle wildness in the three sessionshad sufficient control to confine thetwnm tn tha two tallies when in theiourth session he was hit on the fingerby a batted ball and forced to retirefrom the game.The visitors opened with a rusn mcKelvy leading oft with a clean singleto nzht JNicholson Beat out a siuwone down the third base line, McKelvygoing to third and scoring on a wildpitch. Seebach laid one in tront orthe, plate and beat it out. Hassegrounded to Harreil andNicholson wasnipped at the plate. Kapp ana nyiegrounded to schrauder.The locals tied the score in theirhalt. Harreil the first up, hit to rightfor three bases and crossed the rubberon McKernan's sacrifice to Mr.Kelvy.Mayer and Maxwell hit into outs.The visitors added another in thesecond assisted by Schrauder's wildheave to Barnett. Konnick lookedmrav fniir hnr nnpR and scored whenSchrauder threw wild to first, Weekstaking third Yerkes hit to Kuhlmanand Weeks was caught eff of third,Mayer to Kuhlman. McKelvy groundedto Barnett . . .Paris took a good lead in their halt.Barnett walked and Goodman beat outa slow one to Yerkes, and Kuhlmanlaid one down the third base line toRapp, filling the bases. Barnett scored on a wild pitch. Cramer, who relieved Yerkes, passed Streikpr andSchrauder fanned. Goodman and Kuhlman crossd the ruboer when Harreilbit to right. McKernan fiied to Hassefor the third out.Harold, who relievpd Schrauder inthe fourth was very effective and theLawmakers were only able to hit himsuccessful but three times during theremainder of the contest. In the sixththe locals added three more. Mayersingled past third and came all theway home on a wild throw. Maxwellfanned and Barnett drew Lis secondpass and reached third on Kyle's error. Goodman singled scoring Barnett, stole second and scored on Striker's safety through second.The visitors locked ctmgcrous in thefio-hth when with one down Hassesingled to center and Kapp fallowedwith a double in the same territoiy.Hasse was nipped at the plate whenKyle grounded to Harreil and Konnickflied to Maxwell. The score:Paris 13000200 x 7Frankfort 1 "10000000-2Batteiies Paxis, Schrauder, Haroldand Mayer; Frankfort, Yerkes, Cramer and Weeks. Hits Paris 9 Frankfort 8. Errors Paris 3, Frankfoit 3.Earned runs Paris 2. Two base hitsRapp, Mayer. Three base hit Harreil. liases on balls off Schrauder 2,off Yetkes 1, off Cramer 2. Struckout by schrauder 1, by Harold 4, byCramer 2. Double plays Konnick toHaase to Kyle. Wild pitch Yerkes.Sacrifice fly McKernan. Hits offSr.hrauriGt 5 in 3 1-3 innnics. off Yerkes 3 in 1 inning, off Harold 3 in 5 2-3innings, off Cramer 6 in 7 innings.Stolen bases Nichoison, Mayer, Goodman. Time one hour and forty minutes. Umpire Wilkerson.SATURDAY.Paris came out the victor in a prettycontest Saturday afternoon when theydefeated the MaysviHe club in an exciting ninth inning finish by a score of3 to 2.The game was stubbornly contestedfrom the opening session and bothclubs plaved championship ball. Shearsand Komaine who opposed each otherin the opening contest of the seasonabout three weeks ago were pittedagainst each other. Both men wereon their mettle and while Shears haddecidedly the best of the argument inthe number of safe bingles Romainewhiffed seven of ,the Bourbonites inthe full nine sessions.The game was replete with manybrilliant plays bordering on sensational and Langenham, Maysville's leftgardener, pulled down several drivesthat would have piled up a large number of tallies in the favor of the locals. Maxwell and Streiker played afast game in the field for Paris, thelatter in the eighth pulling down achive from Romaine's bat after a longrun.While the Bourbonites accumulateda total of thirteen safeties in most instances Romaine was successful inkeeping them so well scattered as tobe of little benefit. In only two sessions did the locals fail to score a hit.Paris counted first in the third inning although in the session preTiousthey had a man on second and thirdwith only one man out, and chanceslooking good for a score. In the thirdHarreil led off with a single to rightand pilfered second. McKernan fliedout to Williams and Mayer drova theball to center for a base scoring Harreil. Maxwell and Barnett hit intoThe visitors were unable to get aman past the second base until thefifth, when McDonald secured the firstbit of the game off of Shears andreached second on Lmngennam's sacrifice, scoring a moment later on Fisher's safe drive to center. Romaine(Continued on"Pge 4).r"We Know Mow."nI1 THE M,i ili l wi? W M iiffe-. t& V, R M Um'- ll S m m II M WMI sML-JHLiili rM "sSfcWITH $Can get a better Suit here than he can in anyother store in town. We fully understandthat hundreds of men feel that TEN isenough for a Suit and we are makinga leader fti .i o $ , 1V7 f ' X'Ta A'. . 35oi tnese ouits. w e are snowing iiixy amerejupatterns in $ 10 Suits. TheseSuits are madewith hair cloth fronts, long and medium cutsack coats, large or small cut trousers beltM straPs and'euf f bottoms if you like. kWe showplain blue serges, stripes and fancy Scotches.If you want to spend $10 for a Suit, come Aw to M;trVipll Rr. ftlakemnre's. where everv Suit is sold with a guarantee. Av 7 'w , ... ... r M 1 . 1 .LAIt goods sold by us are not satistactory, we win maKe mem rigm.Mitchell & Blakemore, SParis, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-MenSpecial For This Week:Ladtes' Solid Silk Hose, Linen Toe and Heel, all colors,850cS1-" " - - -'& siC!Un!I!n!li:i.Ml.C!ll2iri:i!U!SIUIIHIiIllUIiIH!lllltI!i!ni!il!III!llll1llllIlllIII!HllllIiIllllIJMl 15.nr1FRANK & CO.he Store Where Reliability Reigns.ilPE55Hot Weather Specials0- ' 1 00 Pieces of 'Dress Ginghams, Sold at Other Storesas 1 2 1 -2c gradeOur Price 8 l-3c a yard35 Pieces ofPlaid and Strip Tissues and Repps, SoldRegularly at 25c,Our Price 19c a yard!20 Pieces ofPlain Solid Colored Cotton Voiles,Sold Regularly a 20c a yard,Our Price 14c a yard.Suits and Coats for Ladies and Misses 'atBk Price Reductions. ,Frank & Co.Put iiitiiiuiiiiririnniintn nr .itiiiiMwiimmiiiiiMMuiiMMiiiiiMniJZ rM1RMII!MJIMMNK."THE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY5 30, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSNot SistersNow and again you see two women passing down the street who look like sisters.You are astonished to learn that they aremother and daughter, and you realize thata woman at forty or forty-five ought to beat her finest and fairest. Why isn't it so?The general health of woman is so intimately associated with the local healthof the essentially feminine organs thatthere can be no red cheeks and roundform where there is female weakness.Women who have suffered fromthis trouble have found promptrelief and cure in the use of Dr.BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Po3toffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 J 29 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It gives vigor and vitality to thmorgans of womanhood. It clears the complexion, brightens theeyes and reddens the cheeks.No alcohol, or habit-forming drugs is contained in "Favorite Prescription."Any sick woman may consult Dr. Pierce by letter, free. Every letter isheld as sacredly confidential, and answered in a plain envelope. Address:World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R.V. Pierce Pres., Buffalo, N.Y.BuZdinH covered over twentv vears aoo are as eood as newnd have never needed repairs. Fireproof- Stormproof Handtome Inexpensive. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.I it C. jPs Sbbv Il ' iii CLwrnntiBiMior t.n i iiMi"PUBLIC SALEOFMAIN STREET BUSINESS HOUSE.On Saturday, May 27, 1911, at 2 p. m.,on the premises, east side of Main street, between 5th and 6th,Paris, Ky., I will sell to the highest bidder the following describedproperty, to-wit: Lot No. 1 is 38 ft. front by 105 ft. deep, with atwo-story brick business house, store-room on first floor and flatabove.Lot No. 2 is 30 1-4 ft. front by 54 ft. deep, with brick storerotm and office rooms above.This property is centrally located, modern and convenient, being fitted with gas, electricity, water and sewer connection.The buildings are in GOOD REPAIR, VERY DESIRABLE,EENT WELL and A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.Terms made known on day of sale.MRS. M. A. PATON.For further information, apply to Harris & Speakes, RealEstate Dealers, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.WfrWm OR2CINAUTY1H? LrfT SLV and1k .w"- pcsywSUPERIORITYIn Workmanship cro Displayedin Our Work.An intlb'hl utility (li:'linrhh'j our JJoikmenus from oil olluci'. vni!o prices arciuu;nablc. Vrby, ihuxi, consider commonplace desiruj or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nor and attractive vomiraents,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms ii Ce.;a.l Kentucky combined.ONE YEAR,$.00 SIX MONTHS, Payable in Advance1.00SPORTING NEWS LETTERBy C. H. ZUBEK.Cincinnati, May 29. Just because ateam is leading in its particular leaguethese days is no reason why you or Ishoud wager our next month's incomeon that aggregation winning the pennant this season. Of course, the teamthat is in the lead doesn't have to winas many games as the other fellows inorder to land the flag; at the sametime, the distance from now to thefinish is much greater than the timearea already traveled by the variousteams, and so it may be stated thatmany changes are possible betweennow and the time for going to presswith the world's championship series.Take the experience of the Philadelphia Nationals for instance. Aweek ago they were feasting on tendermeat and were occupying a commanding place in the National League race.Then along came the Chicagos, bandedthem four wallops and brought theQuakers back to within easy hailingdistance ofjtwo of the other teams inthe first division. Little spurts orlittle slumps are likely to occur at anytimer among a majority of the bigleague teams, and it is this conditionthat is going to make the race uncertain for some time to come.Manager Griffith has started muchcomment raroong the incredulous bymaking the bold assertion that theReds have a good chance to land thepennant in the National League thissepson. Griffith bases this assertionupon the fact that he has the beat batting and base running team in theLeague, is better supplied with catchers than any organization in existence,i3 strong in a majority of his fieldingpositions, and will have better than anaveruge pitching staff when his twiners get going properly. Of course, atthe present moment, the team isn'tworking up to form, according to theToney, the Strong Man.A sportingwriter says; "Toney, theyoung Chicago pitcher, is a strongman. He is built like a gymnast andcan do many stunts requiring unusualphysique. He can juggle heavyweights, lift any of the Cubs off thefloor and hold him aloft at arm'slength, and is an expert performer onthe trapeze and flying rings. Butthese accomplishments cannot win baligames unless Toney has enough mystery in hia delivery to puzzle sharpeyed batsmen."Kentucky's Last Hanging.Roger Warren, murderer of WilliamRadcliffe, a fellow , convict, paid thepenalty of his crime on the scaffold inthe jail yard at Frankfort Thursday.As the noose was being tightenedaround his neck, Warren squirmed offthe trap door yelling, "I don't want todie! 1 ain't going to die!" and thenoose slipped around from ur.der hischin so that when the drop was madehis neck was not broken and hestrangled to death.Warren feigned insanity almost tothe last, and even within a few minutes of the execution rained cursesupon the Almighty and those who surrounded him.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY137;XIGHT 299.National Bank Loses Suit.National banks in Kentucky areamenable to the state laws to thesame extent as other similar institutions it such laws do no frustrate theobject of their creation. The Court ofAppeals laid down this principle oflaw in affirming the judgment of theJefferson Circut Court in the case ofthe First National Bank of Elizabethtown against the Commonwealth ofKentucky.The Appellate Court holds that thelower Court was right in escheating tothe School Board of Louisville a va-1sinn- Inf J n 1 rn ici'i 1 1 a irolncrJ of Q9 Onnand owned by the bank because thecharter for the bank does not nrovideGriffith dnp?; hut when they get back that it shall own and hold vacanthome i.i June, watch thtir smone. property, and was not created for thatpurpose7iTi"irwni"'i r n jtihtijt nrn Midi, iiWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. Try. .rjowtmwmmanBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.(feS2a(fesSCTrffefe25g&m imin, --jTfl(yiftSQttFine Lottorinc by Pnourr.alic soo'.s Cur Cpoc:!y.ONE BETTER. eiO'.'.Z GK1TAFERWm. Jldams $142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.nWorking in the GardenMUIFVI 1" i)i, TVJJ '. -l 4 m' 'Hfl'f''i a real pleasure if 3011 ' 1 avethe right tools. We have acomplete Hue of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real, serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.Critics in the East wouid have us1 believe that Christy Mathevvson, forj ten years the greatest individual draw, ins: card in the National League, haslost his grip and is rapidly retrograding as a twirler. If this is true, itwill indeed nrove a calamity for theNational LpagUc and particularly for ,the Giants. "Matty" has been the' mainstay of the Giants since first hebecame identified with the team, Yearafter year he h?s kept the Gotnam 'aggregation in the race, and year afteryear the public has flocked out to seehim as it would fluck to fee no otherplayer. Mathewson recently made$75,000 in a stock deal, so that even ifhis base ball days are over, he'll not'starve. He will be seen on the moundas usual when the Giants come here jshortly, although it is nut likely that;he will pitch in the Sunday game on JJune 11, which is one of the NewYorks' dates on the local grounds.LOWRY & TALBOTTIne bank contended that this proper-4 jii.1rl ri- Jin SC?fYiaiaA t- r t k a Q l-i ri r I ilioard becausa the bank operated abso- $ilutely under the Federal laws, and is dnot amenable to the state laws. 1 .I 'will' Vjilicv: Variety of Burglar. I gsiFlatbush awoke the other morning jjgjto find, to its surprise, that there la aone type of burglar which has neverbeen branded and labeled. Heretofore , Xnit was supposed that a specimen of gfflever' form of burglar was on file atheadquarters, but no record was found l ?of the burglar who skins the silver- r)ware and cash and confines himself to !cold cream, talcum powder and mill- ,tary brushes. Xew York Herald. 1 $iBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp.tPostoffice.tjjf Telephone No. 4.m4" B 61 III IBvBHJlk m W o KESIThat promises to be a nifty battle ofhas-beens when Jimmy Britt and Battling Nelson get together on theFourth of July, probably at San Francisco. These boys, who are classedwith the stars of yesternight, havemet on four previous occasions. Twicewas Britt victorious, once did the decision go to Nelson, and once was nodecision given Chief interest in thisparticular battle hinges on the factthat the defeated man will go into retirement, for which followers of thelighting game up-to-date will be trulyihr.kiul.There is much opposition among thehonest supporters of the turf againstthe proposed matched race betweenMeridian, winner of the KentuckyDerby, and Governor Gray, who wasbeaten in that race by a scant length.It is pointed out that match races inthe past bave usually given rise toscandal, in many cases justified; andthat in order that the turf may continue to show improvement in the matter of the general conduct of its affairs, it were wise to refrain fromsaying anything that would have atendency to bring the honesty of thesport further into question.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris,Kentncky.Stenography 2,000 Years Ago.It seems Incredible, but it can boproved, already in the olden time3there were stenographers who tookdown the speeches made in the Romansenate or in public. They were callednotarii and we find a place in Suetonius where Augustus is angry because the stenographers reported thespeech of Caesar for Mettullus in avery imperfect manner.VVVWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SHINGLES, POSTS,SASHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD ANDsonr coal,AGENTS FORAniafiieRoofing,FOR GOODNESS SAKEBUY OUR LUMBER.For durableness, goodness, dryness,No better lumber ever grew.soundness, it can't be beat.We have the stock, it's sound and dry;We make the prices, too!We figure low. and that, you know.Means everything to you!Tragic Dream Came True.To dream of being mangled by alocomotive and to have that dreamcome true shortly after he had related it to his companions was the experience of Wilmer Johnson, ofPhoenixville. Pa. While off his engine it began to move, and the enactment of the dream came true, as hejumped for the running board, butmissed it and fell under the wheels.j TEMPLIN LUMBER CO. gKttJ(Early Advice to Children."Honor thy father and thy mother"stands written among the three law3of most revered righteousness. Aeschylus. 500 B. C.Sport lovers of the middle westpromise to be pretty numerous at thebig Decoration Day automobile race at! inIndianapolis, whtn eltorts will bemade to lower the time for the 500miles on an oval track The fact thatspills and accidents ot various kins areamong the possibilties does not hinderthe j-eneial seeker for excitementfrom attending these racea, and it isestimated that 100,000 people will bepresent when the start is made at 10o'clock in he morning. It is estimated that a pace better than 60 miles anhour will be maintained during thegruelling contest.Humorous Tears.If you are feeling downhearted, tellyour sad story to & fat man and gethim to crying about ft. If the tearsrolling down his vast expanse of cheekfail to make you laugh, you knowwhere the river is. Atchisoa Globe., WASH THAT ITCH AWAYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingthese waters you could be inllevedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wlntorgreen, Thymol and. other ingredientsa? compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and J?avethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried it, getAt least a 25-cent bottle today. Yvra 23ure you of instant 4-oliet.For Sale by G. S.' Vardtx & Son.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and.LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. B'our- 'bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little? RockRuddles Mills.'Whenfyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."youThe East Tennessee Telephone Coi Incorporatedm ZfBEllhiiSNotice! Poultry RaisersR 4-11-44CURESJCholera, Gapes, Limberaeck, Roud. Canker.,nvv ic rmr-r W fl ..Ko cnHK, vo p.t uiarrnoea ana an Diseases ol Poultrypetgtry remedy ratde. It cures capes aadlmbemeck without fiLrc2S2iJ2L JdJ'P" ? f.4-! ,-44 down the Ml of a jppiaacbckeakills the worn ad reUrre. t cWk iwnly. ItisAeke.tsweYartJvelhaveeTwwed."Mf. Mdfearunriby J. I. Cnae, I, Ky.OLOBYPrice StcaC all insists.G; S. Varden &Son.and'):f-'..r'V.SH.,'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 30, 1911,Master's Sale-OF-CO TUMI!Cared by Ihe Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blo'ul Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)imrifies the blood, does away withevery sympuiom oicararrn. is. o. o. twelve months for equal parts of thet:iu& miming uuu l nam., -" purcnase money cue lana aescrioea inBourbon County Land, jBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.R.P. Hopkins, etc. - - - PlaintiffsOn Petition.By virtue of a judgment "and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March, 1911 termof the Bourbon Circuit Court, .the undersigned Master Commissioner of theBourbon Circuit Conurt, will onSaturday, June 10th. 1911,at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky.. ahout eleven o'clock a. m.,sell at pubile auction to the highestand best bidder on a credit of six andpure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin'teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co.. Atlanta. Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medicalaivn. Sole by Varden & Son.CXH.POLLARD O? BREATHITT COUNTY. CANDIDATE TOR ATiUaHSYGENERKUIS THE ONLY DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE TOR STATE OFFICEWHO t!nE& IN THE EASTERN THIRD OF KENTUCKY COMPRlSVgO 3 C?THE 119 COUNTIES. HE "WAS BORN AND REARED IN HENRY . ,ATTODMPV nv his NATIW. rnilNTY MISDATED TO THE MOUNTMWSf avNHERE HE HAS SINCE LNED AND HAS STEAD11X A "ffSzwf-tTCrfKI TTJ VUti -LJfTi"lfTM HV HA J-TTU? "ITWPvW AHZBEEN A. SUCCESSFUL LAWER IN THAT SECTION .AND AUitftt WANIVP A"D A L.rjrLK. -r inc. j OW2tfWILL NOT THE NOMHOTQN OF jmZLZ.toi- T Ai'-pcirnvi rmmiTrnv J .$lniD iW.vJlJiK.11 tt.E.lU 1 UO ii 1 i. .,&" .., 1M"DEMOCRAT ADD THOUSANDSOF VOTEtw TO THETICKET9mjoKFUTURE POLITICAL .BATTLE GROUND OFKENTUCKYMwKi'.r.v ir u,-rfv7 Y Ssk- -sOftri -vac',said judgment and ordered to be scldin the above styled action to-vvit:A certain tract of land in Bourbcncounty Kentucky, on the waters orBrush Creek, containing fifty-nine (59)acres, three (3) rods and eighteen (IS)poles, and bounded as follows:Beginning at the letter "A," a postat the edge of a stone fence on theeast jnrie of Hrush Crppk. enrnpr tn .7advice M. r.orrnn anrf nmninir NT H 1-d W "113 4-10 poles to figure 1, in the middlej of the Flat Rock & Jackstown turnj pikes, a coiner to R. P. Hopkins and'i lot No. 2: then aloni? thu rike S. 142 iGRMCZWffJCKlffll22l ."M -lB-- AT i miH-1 $ xzrr t T" l-.-... ; av m fjwl m fc., . LeAnj rrS H --t" " i . .... -W V V X : rT V - iVril f-n.frrn.1 J VfCSOfT-y '''S"Mf-,J A? 22 "N. mJS $JTVvr' XYSTER! Zlivzmvcvc L?vA fc1 Crii Z .zvir?' -c "V M J'&TM- " . 2r l7yfZP777?r-"!r- . I r i !rr.ixAIVR-.f.TirA.t?sar rfW vc-mT y I x4, iv?w yr -sy $ 3vi sa jaxm&v &-j vWml,Lf X -rlP&urtfi lll& EvzZ r-yW77vlV V a&rr) I M Z YJWxfiXLAtr)P A TWwV )Ukj yocr Uluw AS t n ( Sf,i i ' ) 6 gPPftMBlMgEE I II yMiiHaiiMMBMBBMaWMiMiaiaP54es!iiSS4Z2?r,17 DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATESWST OF TH15 BLACK LINEONELONEDEMOCRATICCANDIDATEEAST OF THISBLACK LINELOODPOISONTor $ak PrtoateivfifcW''VSS-?ifefT. i?j&.r&?iKsJims&gs&kt Jrx-iryrs-YS. - j 'f5brs swrt in t j n . r f -1-2, i. iu 4-iu poies to ,z; tnen a. o,V. 33 poles to 3 "in said pike, cornerlot 2; then N. 85, W. 27.33 poles to 4.a slake corner to same: then S. 5. W.Ul 4-10 poles to 5, a post in Hamilton' Ctircd by the Marvd of tllC1 line, corner to same then with said ! . ..odd ti. cline S. 62J. E. 31.7(i poles to D,a stone I LCRCUry, 15. D. D. I CSted tori on the west side of Brush Creek, cor- J 30 VCatS. !j ner to said Hamilton; then with'. another of Hamilton s lines S. 582 ; E. i Drives out bloodDESIRABLEON SECOND STREET.STS7 2-10 poles to E, a stone, corner tosame in the line of the lianta land ;then with the same N. (iO, E. G2.28poles to F, a stone, corner to Mrs.Hopkins ; then N. 29?, W. 55.24 polesto (j. the end of the stone fence,poison in anvstage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To irove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT F R E E.If you nave ulcers, eating sores,cor- itcnincr Humors, swellincs. mucusner to same; then N. 82 1-4, W. 87 ( natches. bone nains.olTensive nimnlesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richinOt VMmand -1;, VMrn ii.rrResidence Properly I Have Stood The Test.Tfettletori Spring StylesA moderate!7 priced one, too.If vou are lookinjr for "The"Hat yovrll find it in our pres-ten handsome disnlav of smart1 o-iu poies to ii in urusn creek, cornerOnp of the Manv Pooular I t0 same; then N- 2 1-4 E-54-88 oIesune Ol UIC Rldiiy ruuiai to the beginning, and being the same,, -r. --. A c. . I land conveyed to- Nannie F. Hopkins J completely changing the entire bodyShapes I hat We Arc bhOWing. I by William Myall, Special Commis- into a clean, healthy condition, heal-sioner, Dy aeea or recora in upea lsook ing everv sore and stopping w jiohes, tion to74, page 36, Bourbon County Court i pains and itching, fiirinjr t!- wortUierK s onice. case of blood noisnn. Druirirists or bv !inere is to be excepted trom the oxnress. 1 ner la rare bortlc. with :h-foregoing tract the following describ- rections "for ho:.ie cuiv. Samplesed tract of land heretofore conveyed) sent free by writing VM o,l Balm Co.,uu junn n. jocKev. lo-wil: i At- nnt-n ( ji pvi-iim rmiv r.rmih p;n:,,.,r t- . I -"" ! v- --..- . - .jumiueij. j beginning ac i, an iron pin in ana tree nioilio-H :uivice givenWe have made extra etlorts i center oc saia piKe, corner mmnron,-,. , ,i a z,inn t r arm company ; tne'ice, leaving methis season to reach the idea of pike and running Wlth said company'severy woman and feel confident line N. S4J, W. 27.4 poles to 2, a post!of your securing a satisfactory " end cf wire : fence, corner to same;J, , J thence S. 55, W. 41.40 poles to 3, apurchase Here. i point in end of wire fence, corner to. same; thence S. U2 1-4, E. 29.36 polesMrs. Come WatSOn Kaird. to 4, an iron pin in center of said pike.j corner to same in Nannie E. Hopkins'iline; thence. qjth the middle of saidSold by Varden Jc Son.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.Anrnnp spnd'nc a Pkctrh and description mny: tJy :ufcrn.n our opinion free whetherpike N. 55, .. 52.24 poles to the beginning, containing seven (7) acres, three(3) rods and thirty-three (33) poles ofland, and being a part of the sameland conveyed to Nannie E. Hopkinsby deed of record in Deed -Book 74,page 36, Bourbon '. County Clerk's 'office, the said conveyance being from ,' Laban Letton's heirs, (Deed Book 92,page 02.)Ihe purchaser will he required toexecute bonds with approved surety .bearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from day of sale until iis now a summer as wellas a winter remedy. Ithas the same invigoratingand strength-producing effect in summer as in winter.Try it in a little cold milk orwater.ALL DRUGGISTSi ivf'Minti isprf.hntiypatentTihie. communica- i paid, payable to the undersignedrent free. Ollcit aircncy for eecunnp patents. master commissioner.IMtonts taken through Munn Jb Co. receive , RUSSELL MANN.'M. C. B. C. C.!?-r iiViU4 ' E- M- Dickson. Attorney.SCietltlfie flme ICatt. ; - F. Kenney. Auctioneer, .w ----- - - -i hi ; w "11 iii J-u rj, w jA hnndsomolr illustrated -weeklv. Ircet lr-i iiiAiion of jjnr hcientltlc Journal. TtTiim. f.t siyonrG; latum of Jiny hcientltlc Journal. Tt-rni.'. 3 sinr. tnnr mnmha. JL Sold bvall newtdcalercMUNN &Co.? New Yort'Davey Tree Exoert Co.,Branch Offlce. C25 F St- Washlnirton. D. C. 1w T vj Xivw jsiuva w.jenMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.Soot Hint.Wl'en soot blows all over your best, loved rug or carpet, before movingaround in the room throw cornrneali on the floor, starting on a spot where, there is no soot, and the cornrnealI being heavy, lifts the soot and blowsj it ahead of the broom and can bo. swept off without leaving a trace.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waitsto wait on theYou are next.M. A. KAHAL.Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tree Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. U. MILLER.406-Pleasant street.Home phone 254. " Paris. KyThat SettledWoggs "I'mBump,throughwithMr.Bump. I told him we were going toname our baby after some great personage, and asked him for a suggestion." Mr. Woggs "What did hesay?" Mr. Woggs "lie said: 'Name itafter ours.' " Puck.1 offer for sale privately my frairesidence corner of Second streetLilleston avenue. Contains five roomstwo halls, bath, pantry, back andfront porches : cellar under entire ! vmhouse; gas throughout; water in yardand house; sewer connection. Ihe'residence fronts on Second street, andis extremely dtsirable; fine shadetrees on all sidfs. Immediate possession can be given. 'Prospective purchasers invited to in-,spc-ct the premises. jTERMS. Made known on applica-ithe undersigned. IJOHN ARKLE.2 tf Home Phone 211.Kentucky Fair Dates-FOR RENT.Ap-' Two cottages on Second street.ply toMRS. DUKE BOWLES,9 3t 623 Main Street.I Happy Thought.Father "My colleague is the most1 insatiable man I ever saw. He wantseverything he sees." Mother "Can't. you introduce one of our daughters to! tim?"The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky Pairs for1911 as far as reported. Officers of"fairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown, July 2-3 " days.Lancaster, July 2 3 days.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 23 days.Berea, August 3 3 days.Lexington, August 7 (i days.Uniontown, August S 5 clays.Taylorsville, Augusts 4 clays.Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabethtown, August 9 4 days.Lawrenceburg, Angust 154 days.Leitchfield, August 154 days.Burkesville, August 15 1 days.Brodhead, August 1G 3 days.Fern Creek, August 163 days.Shepherdsville, August 224 days.London. August 22 1 days.Hardinsburg. August 223 days.Shelby ville, August 22 1 days.Liberty, August 233 days.Erlanger, August 23 4 days.(lermantown, August 243 days.Nicholasville, Aug-ist 2'.) 3 days.Somerset, August 29 t days.Bardstown, August 30 1 days.Franklin, August 31 3 days.PAKIF, SlttTEMBEIl 4 G DAYS.Monti cello, September 5 I days.Alexandria, September 55 days.Mount Olivet, September 5 4 clays.Hodgenville, September ." 4 days.Sanders, September (' 4 days.Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,Soptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 20 4 days.Glasgow, September 27 4 days.Mayfield, September 27 4 days.What He Thought.Mrs. Allway Oh, John, I had edream last night that all your moneywas gone. Aiiway nuw muuu umthe dress in the dream cost?"For thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tanRussia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. IY19Yill,ams9No moretickets given on raffle until further noticei?5Sf " ''"''' mmrr-rrrXWTMKftaeocW.down the throat of a jrapeychicken debtrcjs the wormsand baves the chlcL's life. Afc-.r drops in the drlnhiair waterCURS cr.dPREVENTS GAPESe diarrhoea zzC other chickdiseases.wiro o-GOc Bottle ofFjouzhoTL Poaltry Cure&e!:r J - G.i ilons ex Meoicine.choa-u te.V boiti,-or.. . --jj-v T-,.er ;J:o.o kswofLooklct on. .--?- ' - i ov.Jorl3aleJ)y VV Ts- Broos.-,ocfaNil MUNICured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for1 30 Years.Acliinerbones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood with, pureiJotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE. ,( If you have bone pains, sciatica or ', shooting pains up and down the leg, 1aching baelr or shoulder blades, swol-1len muscles, difficulty in moving I. around so vou have to use crutches; Iblood thin or skin pale: skin itches!1 and burns; hhifting pains; bad breath;' lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,i sencls a rich, tingling flood of warm,1 rich pure blood direct to the paraiyz-;ed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, Wltll Elections ior jiuiijc uuiw.Smip3friu free by writing Blood..-a o Atlanta, Ga. Describeyv.ir trcupie nd free medical advicegi ;cn. - zi: by Varden & Son.Small Capital for Matrimony.Fined $5 for begging. 'John Murphy,a New York teamster, was aaked if hehad this sum: "If I had that muchI'd get married." he replied.Hard to Keep.English divines have a plan to shorten the Ten Commandments. Condensation will not make it any easier tokeep them. Philadelphia Press.Peat GeneralPeat constitutesthe fuel used in idistricts of RussiRussian Fuel,about one-third ot: r-niral industrial"BJI At' vStep Livelyyour step-Stetson-Shoepers properly for lively stepping.The Dickey a medium high toe, smart StetsonStyle has a snappy appearance that appealsto the particular dresser and comfort-givingqualities that make it attractive to all.Let us have an opportunity to demonstrate toyou the superiority of Stetson Styles for livelysteppers. ;Mitchell & BlakemoreStcisons cost more by the pair, but less by ihe .year."Meet. Us Faoe to Face!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fins Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suite.TwinBroa 1L WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.mCHAUTAUQUALAKEis best reached by theErie R. R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJim 1 to Sept. 30.Special 30 -Day ExcursionsjHly C and 27Summer Excursion Tickedon sale to New York Gty and all Eastern resortsi "Stop-over at Chautauqua Lake and Niagara Falls permitted on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or writeH. Webster, Gen'l Agent Passengerept. 416 Walnut St. Gncinnati, O., forfurther information.May23-jiine 2:3MAN'S DEBT POSTBUHHealth, Strength, Vlgtr, Vitality,112 BOOK OfftlfllMinCJWFKNOW YOURSELF!A Keacoa Ltzbt for Every Man. JFr byuaiK sealed, to those oacliwiBg Tch Crate a"amps! for 'postage. etct- W8 Thicold to anr dUcourased, Buffering maa. 1MbScSntafn9 vital facta on !Varicocele and all Ica aaawmties of Men from whatever cause J WJJT?Iduced, how cured ; also Blood Poison. iO t1reaults; its conqueror by medical ??, J! Jflatest and most remarkable victory, "&??fan?sof this uwfol malady and making it duicuyand easily curable. Writefor ,'2sST.1T .Address the Dr. SU.Vt9StSlSSS'oSuite One, Columbia Theater dCiBciBBaUjO.Famous for almost a score of yeBraiB Wbcibbbwas b Specialist to Hen.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Sclney G. Cla3r as a candidate for Represntafcive in the Lesrislature from t attentionBourbon cointy. subject to the action i courageceatSympathy for the Little Folk.Regardless ot the duties whlclJj crowd into your busv dav cultivateS3'mpathy for the little folk;s thtrivial hurt will he forgotten la jrwircaress and the Imaginary wrong ofschool hours will be dimmed by youracd gracious word ofof the Democratic party.lif-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 30, .1911-rV.MiNews of Special Interest to WomenOrndry 6c Co.AnnounceFinal CISal(learanceofTailor-Made Wool SuitsBeginning Yesterday Morning at 9 O'CIockGreatest Price Reductions Ever Madet We Need Space For Large Summer StockWhich is Arriving Daily50 Handsome Tailored Suits $25Values up to $85Included in this lot are all the handsome suits in stock. Several areimported models, brought on especially for openings. Beautiful models ofblack wool black satin, fancy and tailored models of white serges, navyserges, grey, tan and brown, fine worsteds. Every suit in this lot is inperfect style and are easily worth 45 to $85.100 Plain Tailored Suits $15Values up to $35Included in this lot are all tailored street suits that formerly sold for$25 to $35. Materials are beautiful greys, tans and navy; also splendidline of blacks. Every suit in this lot is sure to sell quickly at the price,therefore we advise immediate attention.Women's and Misses' SizesEmbry & Co.Lexington, Kentucky Main Street, EastmIVJV irii El ?ii.liT ..CARPETS, RUGS AND MATTINGS.H 'I 'IThe new Spring Goods arebeautiful more interesting,more fascinating than everbefore and the prices aremost-reasonable. Whateverof new Rugs, Carpets, Mattings the home needs yourhome just remember thajust the right place is A. F.WheelerWheeler's New Iceberg Refrigerator Saves Your Icetill. $6.75 up to $38.50..mm. nimiiinffhIron and Brass Beds $2.25up te $60.00.Gent's'II Nm'IiiiiiiiIIHfllMHnmH'll-- (Continued FroinPage 4) "which wentffromthis cityjjo ucheertheir favorites to victory. "-Paris assumed control of the Situation at the beginning when theycounted three runs in the first' session.Harrell walked and McKernan hitpast third, Mayer drove the ball toleft for a home run ; Harrell and McKernan scores ; Maxwell grounded outto short ; Barnetc flied to McDonald.Goodman walked and Kuhlman fliedout to Poland.Another 'was added in the secondafter Streiker and Hauser had goneout on flies and Harrell hit to centerfor a home run.Maysville counted first in the fifthwhen Friedly doubled to right aftertwo were down and scored on Mack'sdrive to center for two bases.Paris annexed another in the sixth.Barnett fanned, Goodman beat out aslow one, Kuhlman tripled to left scoring Goodman.In this inning Maysville Dut overtheir last run of the game. Williamstripled to center and scored on Striker's wild throw.Three in the seventh was the bestParis could do. Harrell and McKernan were out and Mayer singled toleft. Maxwell followed with a tripleto center scoring Mayer and Barnettlifted the ball to the left garden for ahomer. After Maxwell and Mayerwere out in the ninth Barnett liftedthe hall to left for his second homer.The score :Paris 3 1000130 1-9Maysvijle 0 0 0 0 110 0 02Batteries Paris, Hauser and Mayer;Maysville, Friedley and Fisher. ErrorsParis 2. Hits Paris 13, Maysville 6. Earnpd runs Paris 8, Maysville 2. Two base hits Friedley,Hauser. Three base hits Kuhlman,Williams, Maxwell. Home runsMayer, Harrell, Barnett 2. Stolenbases Mayer 2, Mack. Base on ballsoff Hauser 3, off Friedley 2. Struckput by Hauser 4, by Friedley 7. Lefton base Paris 5, Maysville 7. Doubleplays-McKernan to Harrell to Eari nett, McKernan to Barnett. First baseon errors Maysville 2. Time 2 hours.Umpire Feye. Attendance 2.00UMONDAY.in a iasc game reatured oy the sen-sationai neiaing or tne locals iJanstook the game from Lexington atWhite Park yesterday afternoon by ascore of 3 to 1 and took the lead in theBlue Grass pennant race.The contest was brilliant throughout. Schrauder, who w as en themound for the iocals, showed muchimprovement over his former gamesand at no time did he allow the visitors a look-in.Kuhlman starred for the locals bothwith the stick and in the field. Hepulled off three plays that were of asensational order and out of four timesup secured three hits.The locals started the ball to rollingin their half of the first inning.Harrell was given a free ride to thefirst staton and advanced to sceond onMcKernan's sacrifice. Mayer flied toSewell and Maxwell drew a base.Kimbro fumbled Barnett's hot grounder, Harrell scoring and Barnett reaching first to be forced at second onGoodman's grnundur to Viox.In the third session two hits and asacrifice Dut another run over forParis. McKernan was first up and hit mansion in the city,safely to right held. Mayer sacrificed ridiculously low as toand Maxwell grounded to Kimbro.Barnett doubled scoring McKernan.Goodman grounded to -Viox for thethird out.The-visitors made their lone tally inthe sixth inning. Vallandinghamwaited and walked and reached second on Viox's sacrifice. Kimbroreached first on Harrell's error, Vallandingham taking third, scoring onLong's hit to left. Ellis f tinned andYancey hit a line drive to right, whichGoodman took after a hard run.Paris counted their last run in theirhalf on three hits. Maxwell doubled,Barnett fannpd and Goodman drovethe ball to center for a base. Maxwell was caught at the plate, Goodman going to the second - station.Kuhlman followed with a single scoring Gccdman StreikLr grounded toLong for the thiid out. The score:Lexington 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 01Paris 1 0 10 0 10 0 x-3Earned runs Fi.ris 2. Two basenils uarnetr, iwaxvyeii. inree uase3 hits-Sewell. Base on balls-off? ' Schraudcr 1, off Vallandingham 2.Struck cut by Sehrauder 4, by ValJarxrj'l.am (:. Left on bases ParisQ J (5, Le dngtcn S. First base on errors$ Paiis i, Lexington 1. Stolen basesu Mzyer. Sacrifice hits Vicx, McKer-tat . ... -.,,.,- vnan, Mayer, lime l :dU. umpirelionan. Attendance 3G0 &i;,fc2S5BIG PIANO SALEAttracting Many Piano Buyers FromAll Sections. People Getting theFinest And Best Makes AtAM Doe-Half (Momary PriceThe Prices We Are Selling at Cannot beDuplicated Later. Easy Terms ofPayment Extended to All.Tit Addition to the Price-SawnsThere's The Absolute Satisfaction of Knowing You AreProviding Yourself With a High-Grade Piano.334 Main St. Opp. Agricultural Bank.fe Kfc Hiiw0 Infff IffeHISi Hebe 3All day yesterday our store at 334Main street was thronged with pianobuyers, which goes to show that a piano sale by this well known housemeans a big saving in your Piano purchase. We have instruments here whichwill be a credit to any home from tnehumblest cottage to the most palatialAll marked somake this theone chance of a life time to get a fineinstrument at factory prices, whichmeans a saving of 5100 to $200 en yourPiano purchase, according to the sljleof the instrument selected.One gentleman dropped in yesterdayjust out of curiosity and was so surprised to see fine pianos going at suchextremely low prices, that he selecteda beautiful Smith & Nixon and had itsent home. A great many people askhow can you afford to sell such highclass pianos so cheap. It is this way,in order to become acquainted andstart our branch house with a long listof customers and friends, we proposeto sell two carloads of sample pianos atfactory prices. Of course we nor noone else could afford to sell pianos atthese prices very long. It is for a fewdays only.We want to say that fortunate is hewho gets one of these fine instrumentsat these prices. They are markedplainly to sell during this introductorysale.Beautiful pianos, standard make,regular price $300. go at $168. Terms$10 down, balance on easy payments.Highest class pianos, in art case designs, none better or finer made, worldover at $400, $450, $500 to $600, go inthis sale at $263, to $276, $286 to $296,a little higher for the most elaboratecasp designs. Terms. 510 down, balance en easy payments.Our guarantee backed by millions ofcapital and our fifty years of businessintegrity goes with each instrument.JAMES J. McCOURT PIANO CO .Factory Distributors.334 Main St. Opp. Agriclutural Bank".Child's Crib $5.75.Chifforobe $18.75and $25, Just the thing forthe young man's room.Solid Oak Rocker $2.25.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMPANYlha:v okccn, Manager. Opposite courf HouseNiiiMiTJiirl Sts.Pennant to Be Raised June 20.Pennant day will be observed in thiscity on June 20, when the pennantcarried off by the Bourbonites lastseason will be unfurled to the breezesat White Park. On this occacsijn theColts and Bourbonites will meet on elocal lot. Appropriate exercisea incident to the raising of the pennant willbe arranged.Hard Week for the Bourbonites.This week will be a hard one for theBourbonites from the fact that theywill meet every club in the leaguewith the exception of Winchester andplay seven games, two ot which willbe pulled off today.0 The boys have been going at a livelyclip and are putting up a snappygame, and are deserving of largecrowds and more enthusiastic greetings. This morning the Bourbonites willmeet the Colts at White Park. Thegame will be called at 10 o'clock. Thisafternoon they will joruney to Lexington for a game. Wednesday afternoonFrankfort will be the attraction inthis city and on Thursday the Colts (will be hero for the second game ofithe week. Friday Paris will play at'Lexington and on Saturday will he at1home to the River Men. &Z - ISunday afternoon the Pioneers will ifurnish the entertainment. !An interesting Entertainment.' Miss Nahnie"BarbeeTthe noated dia-jlect reader, will givo a recital at the iPresbyterian church on Thursday 'nignt at eignt p. m. for the benefit ofthe choir. She will be assisted by thehoir. Admission for adults will be 50cents, children 25 cents. t This will nodoubt be a very rnterestinir entertainment and should he Iiberallypatroniz-Why Not Try OurComparisonPlan?The plan we call our "Comparison Plan" is verysimple. Come to our store, pick out as many suits orother things as you like, and take or have them sentto your home. Then in the quiet of your own home,away from the influence of salesmen or triplicatemirrors, you and your family select the clothes youlike best. It's a great idea.This is simply a case of confidence in our clothes,and it helps us to prove to you the force of ourassertions that we are selling far and away the finestclothes in town, at no greater cost than the averageTry this plan.sort.Bennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - . KENTUCKY.-jIfLTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 30, 19111-HI-Im BOURBON NEWS.agvysFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMEGRADUATION PRESENTSSee Shire & Fithian's window for new, up-to-dategraduation presents. 30-2tDecoration Day.Today is Decoration Day and National holiday. The banks of the city andpos tofiice will be closed.Police Court.Yesterday in Police Court ClarenceWashington, a nergo, was assessed aline of $7.50 for disrodrely conduct.Soft Drinks.Atlanta coca cola, malt mead, popof all flavors, ice cold at all times.The best of cold and hot lunches.JAS. E. CRAVEN.Lad Breaks Leg.Julian Snapp, a 9-year-old boy attending the Paris City Schocl, son ofW. C. Snspp, broke his right leg between tne knee and ankle Wednesdaywn ! at play on the school grounds.Splendid Values.3 lun offering some splendid valuesin iugs. See what I have to show you.J. T. HINTON.Farm Sold.Mrs. Robert C. Talbott and MissLizzie Grimes have sold to NevvtonSmith and Miller Lail. their farm of200 acres of land on the Townsendpike, near Jacksonville. Price $1 00per acre.Special this Veek.The best Balhrigzan underwear at25 cents per garment and up in Pariswhile it lasts.B. WEISSBERG.Straw Hats.Come and see our line of straw hatsat $1 and up.B. WEISSBERG.Sent to Asylum.John Ross, the negro boy who wasbrought to this city Thursday morning, was tried in the county court Saturday ca. a charge of lunacy and ordered taken to the asylum at Lexington.Ross recently had an attack of measleswhich disordered his mind and alsoaffected his lungs.Beautiful Gifts for Commencement Season.We have a beautiful line ot booksand other very appropriate gifts forschool graduates.PARIS BOOK CO.Dainty Graduation Pumps.In white satin, velvet, patent andjjun metal. Exclusive styles at lowestprices.DAN COHEN.Ankle Sprained.Mrs. Rebecca Rudisill suffered asprained ankle Thursday afternoon atthe home of Mr. Clarence Ashurst onHigh street. Mrs. Rudisill was in thjycrJ with a child of Mr. and M:s.Ashurst, a fall over a steep gradecaas?ng the injury from which she willbe confined to her oed for severaldsys.Why Bake These Kot Days?Use Stone's cakes and Hubig pies atFEE'S.Cleaning Up.? 12 1-2 cent evaporated peaches 10cents per pound.V, 10 cent peaches 8 1-3 cents perpound.15 cent prunes 10 cents per pound.C. P. COOK & CO.Will Attend Services at Cynthiana.Members of Rathbone Lodge and A.J. Lovely Company Uniform Rank,K. of P., will attend the memorialservices at Cynthiana, Sunday, June4.A special train will be run fromParis and large crowd of Knights withtheir wive", sweethearts and friendsof the order, will attend. Last yearmore than two hundred people attended the services in that city,from Paris.Those desiring to go should leavetheir names with Sir Knight L. Wollstein or Capt. P. J. McCord. A verylow railroad rate will be extendedthose who desire to attend.Ice Cream and StrawberrySupper.There will be an ice cream andstrawberry supper at Mt. Carmelchurch on the evening of Saturday,June 3, at 7 o'clock.Watch Double Column Display in. Next Issue.Thirtyone houses and lots to be soldat public outcry on June 15. Now occupied by 41 prompt paying tenants.S-p npvf. isRiififC. J. LANCASTER.G. W. LANCASTER,Executors of J. W. Lancaster.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.Wins State Championship..1. H. Kemper, of Lexington, Ky.,won the Kentucky State championshipat the shoot at the Northern KentuckyGun Club, Dayton, Ky Thursdayafternoon. He hit ninety-five targetsout of a possible one hundred. Theinterest of the crowd of spectators aswell as that cf the shooters, centeredon the contest for the State championship, the favorites being Keraper andHammersmith. Much interest wasmanifested in the meet. tPERSONAL MENTION.Mr. T. M.JFunk i3 in Louisvilleon a business trip.Dr. A. H. Keller is in Frankforton professional business. .Miss Helen Hutchcraft isguest of friends in Nicholasville.theRev. Hal Sps: ra, of Danville, forr. erly of Paris, is visiting in the city.Mrs. E. C. Samons, of Corbin, iBviasiting her son, Mr. C. F. Samons,ii Paris.Miss Sallie Jaynes, who is at theSt Joseph Hospital, Lexington undertreatment, does not improve.Mrs. Chas. Eurns is confined toher rocra suffering from a sprainedankle sustained by a fall she receiveda few days ago.Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Wright andson of Hot Springs, Va., arrived yesterday to be the guests of Mr. andMrs. Walter Clark.Mr. Max Straus and daughter,Mis Caroline, and BMr. Goldsmith, ofCincinnati, were guests yesterday ofMr. Wm. Shire.Among those from Lexington whoattended the ball game yesterday wereMaurie Kemper, Wallace Muir, D. C.Hunter and Kit Wilkerson.Miss Georgia Grimes, who husbeen instructor in mathematics andscience in Logan College, Kussellville,Ky., has returned home to spend hervacatiun.Mr. Alfred Peed and s-ster, MissBessie Peed, of Mayslick, and Mr. J.H. Clark, of Col i ma Senora, Mexico,are guests of Mr. and Mis. AlbeitKinton.Mrs. Jos. M. Hall returned Fridayfrom St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, where she has been under treatment for severalivveeks. Mrs. Hall jsfully restored to health.Mrs. Albert Hinton entertainedwith a beautiful luncheon Saturdaymorning!in honor of Miss Edna EarleHinton, whose marriage to Mr. AmosTurney will be celebrated in June.Misses Rebecca Jaynes and Matilda Jaynes accompanied by Dr. J. T.Vansant went to Lexington yesterdayto see Miss Sallie Jaynes who is critically ill at Gcod Sairaritan Hospital.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Rogers willentertain Saturday afternoon with adancing party at Elks Hail from fourta eight o'clock for their two sons,Harvey and Julian Rogers.Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Power,returned Sunday morning from Indianapolis where Mr. Power has been attending the meeting of the NationalWholesale Grocers' Association.The C. W. B. M. will hold theirregular meeting Friday, June 2, at2:45 o'clock p. m. in the Christianchurch parlors, the leader being Mrp.J. D. Booth. Subject "Education inForeign Lands." As the district yeaibook closed in June will those whohave not paid dues come and do so.MISS JULIA EDWARDS. Treas.MRS. W. R. SCOTT, Sect.Friday afternoon the JemimaJohnson Chapter D. A. R., was entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas HenryClay, Sr., at their elegant home onPleasant street. The hall, drawingroom, parlors and dining room weredecorated in American flag" and beautiful summer flowers.The meeting was called to order bythe regent, Mrs. Charlton Alexander,who stated that this was not a regularmeeting of the chapter and no routinebusiness would be transacted. Shethen gracefully turned the meetingover to the hostess, who in turn introduced to the assembly Miss NannieBarbee,of Danville, the gifted writerand reader of negro dialect. MissBarbee recited a number, of amusingselections in her inimitable style,entertaining the guests in a mobtcharming manner.Refreshments consisting of brick icecream, individual cakes, 'cheese sandwiches, frappe, coffee, candied ginger,nuts and mellowmints were served.Mrs. Clay was ably assisted in er tertaining by her daughter, Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis, Mrs. Thomas. HenryClay, Jr., Mrs. Buckner Woodford,Jr., Mrs. John Davis and Miss KateAlexander. Among the guests from adistance who .enjoyed the delightfulhosp itallty were Mrs. Robert Stoner,of Mt. Sterling, Mrs. Nelson Gay ofRichmond, and her sister, Mrs. Jones;Mrs. B. F. Williams, of Lexinarton,Mrs. Jouett, of Winchester, Mrs. VanMeter, Mrs. Hollaway and Miss Hollaway, of Clark county.Before leaving theguests were invited to visit the flower garden, a mostcharming place with its carefully keptwalks, grass, foilage and gay Jlowers.See Hinton.See J. T. Hinton for wall paper.When he has it put on for you it is puton light.Colored High School Commencement.Commencement Exercises of theWestern High School will be held atthe, Paris High School on Tuesday,June 3. Following is the program forcommencement week :Wednesday, June 7, from 1 o'clockp. m. to 5 o'clock p. m. DomesticScience Display at the school building. Friday, June 9, 8 o'clock p. m.Exercises of the Primary Grades atthe Christian church.Sunday, June 11, 3 o'clock p. mCommeucament Sermon by Dr. J. B.Redmond at St. Paul M. R church.Monday, June 12, 8 o'clock p. m.Grammar School Commencement athe public school auditorium.J Tuesday, .jun" m, a o ciock is. ju.-High School Commencement at publicschool auditorium. Address to thegraduates by Prof. J. H. Garvin.Supervisor cf the school at Winchester. Thu public is cordially invited toeach of the above mentioned exercises.The display in the Domestic ScienceDepartment is very elaborate, andspeaks for itself of the work done byour girls during the year Sevenpupils have finished the High SchoolCourse this year and twelve the Grammar School course.The Alumni Association of the Western High School has a strong organization and will givje a banquet duringcommencement season.F. M. WOOD, Principal.(Continued From Page 1)and Mack flied out.The locals again assumed the lead inthe eighth. Mayer hit safely the second time and Maxwell beat out a buntin front of the plate. Barnett followed with a pop fly just behind the pitcher, reaching first safely and cloggingthe bases. Goodman drove the ball todeep center and on the out Mayercrossed the rubber. Kuhlman flied toLangenham for the last out.! Z Two bits and a sacrifice in the ninthcounted another run for Maysville andagain put the contest in doubt. Jb'riedly, who was sent in to bat for Williams, who had faced Shears threetirres and whiffed the wind, drove thesphere to center for a clean hit andwas advanced a peg by McAleese'ssacrifice. Friedly went to third onMcDonald's out and scored whenLangenham hit a hot one over thirdbase. Langenham was caught in aneffort to steal, Mayer to Harrell, retiring the side.The winning run was scored in theninth session with only one out.Streiker, who had secured the only extra base hit of the game came to thebat and drove the ball to center for a jbase. Shears followed with a hit to Ingnt and both men were advanced abase on Harrell's sacrifice. Roarainedeliberately walked McKernan, fillingthe baea. Mayer flied to Poland,who after a long run dropped the ball,Streiker crossing the rubber. Thescore:Maysville 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 1-2Paris 0 010000 1 13tsattreies Paris, Shears and Mayer ;Maysville, Roamine and Fisher. HitsParis 13, Maysville 5. Errors Paris1, Maysville 1. Two base hit Streiker. Earned runs Paris 3, Mayvsille 2.First base on balls oil' Shears 2, olfRoamine 2. Struck out by Shears 3,by Roamine 7. Double plays Shearsto Harrell, fisher to Mack to Williams,Poland to Roamine to Mack. Stolenbases Harrell 2, Carmony. Sacrificehits Poland 2, McAleese, Langenham,Harrell, Gcodman 2. Sacricfie flyGoodman. Time 1 :50. UmpireWilkerson. Attendance 400.SUNDAY.Paris was there with the heavystick Sunday afternoon when theywalloped the River Men by a score ot9 to 2 in a full nine inning contest during which the Bourbonites piled upthirteen safeties, four of 'vhich wentfor home runs.Two thousand people wilncssed theonesided alrair, throe hundred ot(Continued on I'ajre Ji)Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis &. Overby has secured the agency tor a Cuiumbus firmfor toupets," wigs and nuir goods of allpescriptions. l'ne pric-s on wigs andtoupees range fiwn iiu up. 10 tfKeller V ins .Nomination.With two precincts n.ising, ColonelGreen R. Keller won tna nominationfor Representative over Judge CoxSaturday by a majority in excess of200. Colonel Keller carried Nicholascounty by 235 and Judge Cox won inRobertson by 25.Porch Furniture.See J. T. Hinton for porch furnitureand lawn swings.Lower Tax Rate.The City Council met in regular session Thursday night and took up thequestion of the tax levy for 1911.Mayor Hinton asked that the $1.50poll tax which has heretofore beenpaid by only a few and worked an injustice on the small property holder bedropped, and that thu tax rate be reduced as much as possible.Mr. W. O. Hinton, Chairman of theFinance Committee, reported that theassessment as revisea by the supervisors, showed a total of $3,11(5,595, 'vhichwas a slight increase over last year.He estimated that it would be necessary to increase the levy for schoolpurposes 5 cents more than last year,in order to meet the increased expensemade necessary by the growth of theschool. Yet with this inrrease, heestimated that it would be possible toreduce the total amount of the taxrate 5 cents and recommended that thefollowing levy for this year be made:For General Purposes SO. 65For Sinking Fund 35For School Purposes 30For Public Library 05Making the levy $1.35 on the $100 ofassessable proprety.The Council oy unanimous vote approved this recommendation and passedthis levy.This is 5 cents less than last yearand 10 cents less than the year before.Yet with this reduction in the taxrate, the present administration hasbeen able to keep the city in a condition that is equalled by very fewcities in the State.The city's streets and finances at thepresent time are in excellent condition, due entirely to the consistentand untiring efforts of Mayor Hinton.FOR SALE.Good second hand runabout.30 3tJO VARDEN.Theatre Managers Meet.At a meeting of the theatre mana- jgers held at the Phoenix Hotel in Lex-ington Wednesday a premanent organization was effected by the election 'of Mr. T. M. Russell, manager of theWashington Oprea House, Maysville, Ipresident; W. P. Barter, of Richmond, jvice president; T. E. Near, of Georgetown, secretary and treasurer.The organization will be known asthe Central Kentucky Managers' Association. By their united efforts theyhope to give the patrons of their respective houses the best attractionspossiblle.Mr. T. E. Near, the secretary treasurer of Georgetown, will leave forNew York in a few days to make thebookings for the association for thecoming season and the Central Kentucky theatre goers can rest assuredthey will have at least ona good attraction a week atter October 1.Mr. R. S Portar, manager of theGrand Opera House irf this city,- attended the meeting.BIRTHS.Born, Sunday night to the wife ofMr. F. J. Savage, a daughter.Born, May 21, to the wifeofMason Forsyth, of near KisertoriT adaughter.WE DOPlain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines, Automobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sam'l Kerslake & Son.JUNE!And a list of new records forboth Victor and Edison so complete that we can barely mentionthem here. Ask for list withfull descriptions.Beautiful Lady Waltz, by theSaskarchawan, from "The PinkLady."In the Mansions Above. FiskJubilee (Negro) Quartet.Li'l Gal Chirmrn fJW P.lnViThat Fellow With the Cello Rag:! Ii-'iu.y murray ana AmericanQuartet.Daiigbertp BrosMain Street,PARIS, KENTUCKYI am Showinga very largeline ofLawn andPorchFurnitureAlso Porch Rugs inCrxe and FibrejjpiAflMHMHAfMMAAAAMi - -Vudor Hammocks and Porch Shades. The strongest line made. Sole Agent. Hammocksfrom $1 to $8 50I Have Just Received a New Lot of Refrigerators.Lawn SwingsThe Largest Line Ever Shown in Paris at My StoreFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B.Dempsy, Home Thone 286.J. T. HINTONm- . - ' - - :ISpecial.LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.:W. Ed.iIFEESStar Brand HamsThe Ham That Am,Our Price per PoundII15cArgoThe Best3 Five CentFEE'SLJ. T. HINTON$55 toTucker.nCut RateCash SpecialsStarch .Starch MadeBoxes For 10cSee the New Line ofWhite MapleDouble Cane Seatand Back Chairs,Rockers andSettees I have justreceived.IDEAL PORCHFURNITURE$S-5-Iv-rvf-r.i -jrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,- KENTUCKY, ' MAY 30, 1911.ft.' ' -- .. . ... .... ' .... L 2HjfK -4trm1Itl41iuaimmmimmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!&4K' slixrr w;xrzLO&rTRE -J9B P.eOfflS OFTHEByRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,'such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.ur type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.:mttMmuttJisLOOKINGFOR MICABy M. QUADCopyright, 1910, by Associated Literary Press.It was a queer coincidence thatbrought the three men together at atable in .a cheap restaurant Therewas Moses Ikestein, who bad justfailed in the clothing bssiness. Hebnd figured to fail at a profit, but? therehad been a hitch in bis calculations,and be was about done for.There was Jim Greene, a newspaperman. That is, he had been employedon various newspapers without creditto them or him.There was Dick Grahame, a shysterlawyer, who' had been disbarred andwas thinking if he should turn lecturer and expose the rest of the profession. These three men were eating cheapdinners. Between mouthfuls they sizedeach other up. None of the threesized another up as an honest man,and this fact warmed them to eachother. The meal had been almost finished, however, before Mr. Ikesteinventured to observe:"Gentlemen, this is a hard world.""It is," replied Mr. Greene."No one can be an honest man anymore," said Mr. Ikestein."If he tries to be honest he falls andhas to pay 90 cents on the dollar," continued the speaker."Gentlemen, we three are honestmen. We must have the interests ofour country more at heart. We mustgo out In to the park and sit down ona bench and tall: in confidence. Because of my clothing business youmust not distrust me. Because of yourbusiness I must not distrust you."The result of their talk was an understanding, and the result of the understanding was the organizing of theGreat Western Mica company. Mr.Greene could write luridly, and hewas to manage the advertising.The public caught on to the ads.slowly. It was used to gold and silver mine ads., but this was a micamine, and it didn't guarantee to payover (30 per cent dividends for thefirst twelve months.Xow and then a minister or a widowsent In a poor $5 for investment, andthus the office rent was paid, but noneOf the trio bought himself an auto."We should have promised 100 percent dividends," growled Mr. Ikestein."We should have made it 150," added Mr. Greene."Two hundred at the very least,"announced Mr. Grahame."But still we may add to the prosperity of the country by being not toohonest," continued Mr. Ikestein as hesawed away at his steak. "Gentlemen, into the office this afternoonthere came a sucker. He was good tolook upon. In his hair there was hayseed. Among his whiskers were longstraws. He was the innocent of thevalley.""And he wanted stock?" was asked."Better than that. For stock he-xSSfiSicared not. For the land he cared a; great deal. Having purchased threemore cows, he must have more landfor pasture. See?""But that land is a mountain peak!"exclaimed Mr. Grahame."So I did not explain, but so the innocent man from the valley seemedto know, ne said that the higher upa mountain he could net his cows theI higher prices he couicl get for his milkand butter.""And he will buy it?"; "If the price is right. Gentlemen,I It Is up to us to think Have wp beentoo honest? If not, then whj luve wenot met with prosperity? A too honestman has too little to offer the public.Wo have offered but GO per cent divi- 'dends.""But the savings banks offer only 4 iper cent," protested Greene, who wasresponsible for putting the mica divi- jdends so low. ;"It is true, but a savings bank Isnot a mica mine.- It has a granite jbuilding, with bronze hinges on thefront doors. It ''has stained glass windows. It has a president who rides inan, 'automobile. It does not permit thefaker to come in and sell suspendersand lead pencils. Ah, a savings bankis different very different.""But about the sucker?""Ho will take that cow pasture atSI. 50 and let us out. I am to let himknow tomorrow."That's five hundred apiece," saidGrocne."And in a lump," added Grahame."And we can take the money andadvertise the Arctic Peach company,with dividends at 125. This time wemust not be too honest The publicloves him not. It sends him too fewchocks. It is then agreed that thesucker shall have this mountain peakcow pasture."The 6ucker called next day, and thedeal was closed. The -money was divided, and the three went their separate ways. It was a year later whenMr. Greene met Mr. Ikestein on thestreet"You see you see!" shouted the latter as he raised his baud skyward."I see what?""You see the too honest men. Yousee only DO per cent dividends. Youceo we make nothing.""Oh. yes, I see.""And you see the sucker. You seethe cow pasture. You see we sell out?""Yes, I see all that""But you don't see, you can't see,you will never see, that it was a silvermine was sold for $1,500 and the innocent lucker is taking out $1,000,000worth of ore a month? Oh, this toomuch honesty! It will be the ruin ofpur country yet!" . v - I .i -m m t t wr m n m wt tt w i r w m WE. M. F.P. O.POWER To go anywhere.RELIABILITY None ever wore out.ECONOMY-Easy on tires and fuel.APPRO VED-By 25,000? owners.Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster Model $1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050'I Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawford3 Oih.ars 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Re. spectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.&3mVarden&SonLet us fill yourPrescript ions,pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.Druggistr9CHARLES W. HECK.HOLLIBAY & SETTLEGarriaae ana Repair Shop at Paris. Ky..Invites theTwenty-five yearsLdyWantYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & MPf 9q Company,Yard at Office,15th' and Main Sts.30Car $1,000B. Detroitt'jUff'immmmWatch ForZgQPmmmmmmTwin Bros.Kior Arlvfirfisfmnt Annnmirinor- - w - MwMwmdBig daleCommencing June 10.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckySUCCESSORS TOPublic Patronage.experience in the business.IncorporatedPARIS, KYtjpjm1Jy-xHome Phone 12; E. t. 530-4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 30, 1911.The Brown Pivot-BeamRiding Cultivator.m w Mm M MirFool Treadles attached to the Beams which connect vh.h the sleeve arch infront, so that the forward pressure of the foot shafts the beams in their lateralmovement.When the beams are yoked togrtlier with our unique Adjustable Spreader, theforward motion of the operator's foot movei the beams in a like direction, andwhen used independently, a small coil spriug on each beam is brought into action,so when pressing forward with the foot, the beams move away from the plant andwithout any effort on the part of the operator the spring brings them back to therow.With this construction, an- desired penetration is secured through Brown'sPatent Hitch in connection with levers ; and in addition, the operator has the advantage of pressing directly on the beam with the foot, thus enabling him to perfectly legulate the depth of plowing regardless of the irregularity of the soil.The power or leverage through the agencr of these foot treadles is practicallydouble that of any other device and the action on the beams is not only powerfulbut the beams respond quickly to the pressure of the foot.Distance between beams can be changed quickly without operator leaving theseat. Movable axles so that wheels can be adjusted to track any desired distanceapart.This cultivator is easily adjusted to balance with any weight of operator. Atest will prove it the best.Terkes & Kenney,Paris, KentuekvALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirlTells How a Blotchy Skin WatCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face-' writ03Miss Minnie Pickard of AltamahawN. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there Isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and Instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is oometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicato skin,and absolutely lo'uble. A L"-cntbottle will give you positive piof ofthe wondeiful elTcctiveness of tlil3gicat remedy.For Sale bv W. T. Brooks.OccasionalOccasionally we meet a oung manwho is willing to go through anythingfor a girl he loves including her fortune.Money to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from .$2,000 up, at the lowrate of 5i per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at 5h per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.0. K. COLLIER. Agent,I4a3m iiiurst Home Insurance Co.Japanese Banks in China.Japanese banking facilities In China are good now, but are to be madelarger and still better. In anticipationthe older banking interests are doubling their capital and embarking innew banking lines.ASAMIMNlIMMIMIMBlBllBNlw ".""":Professional CardsJ J. WTJ-jTiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildimr.Dr. Wm. Kenney,Ofce PhonesResidencePARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 014 Main Street.E. T 130.Home 130.v E. T. 3:34.1 Home 334.1 Margolen's iI fi ;m niDK.A. KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and ",, Elk's Bld'gParis, .-- - KentuckyHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don.'t imprison the disease germs In3 our skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.' A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using theHow's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh thatcannot be ciued by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions, and linnn-I cially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.WALD1NG, KiXNAN & MARVIN,I Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.r Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken inter11 nally, acting directly upon the bloodj1 and mucous surfaces of the system.' Testitimonials sent free. Price, 75cper bottle. Sold bv all druggist.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.For Moving Pictures..The taking and exhibiting of moving pictures has been greatly im-healing agents in the form of a liquid. I proved by the use of the gyroscope.6. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE: See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., Thones.586.JlnnkLanghornFresh CaughtFishThis Week.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil of"W'intergieen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals tho skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 23-cent trial bottle will stait thecure, and give you instant lelief.For Sale by G. S. Yard en & Son.Margolen,LParis, Ky.jImproved Motorcycles.By recent changes made in the design of the motorcycle Its appearanceIs greatly improved by making use ofthe tubes of the frame for the storageof many of the parts which are nowhung to it For this purpose it is necessary to make the tubing a trifteheavier.Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed..auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentIdea In Paper Manufacture.It is proposed to manufacture paper from pulped blue-gum timber.Tests have been carried out at English paper mills and aro said to givea product equal to that made fromAfrican esparto grass.5iCnw3W.This steadies the tripod nhile the exposure of the film is being made andlessens the vibration while it is beingprojected on the sheet.Starts Much Trouble.If ail people knew wht neglect ofconstipation would result in severeindigestion, yellow jaundice or virulent liver trouble they would toontake Dr. King's New Life Pills andend it. Its the only bafe way. Bestfor billiousness, headache, dyspepsia,chills and debilitv.25c at Oberdorfer's.Haye You All These?The accessories of dignity are adecent amount of pride, a little bit ofcommon sense, and a thorough familiarity with yourself.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Get Free Transportation.Railroads carry postal cleiks "deadhead," and this free transportation toUncle Sam's servants is figured by thecarriers to be worth a million dollarsa year. The roads are subject to damages to injuries received on trains bythe postal clerks.GOOD LIVER REMEDY FREEWhen you suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling; after eating, ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle.Thousands of people first learnedof this remarkable cure for stomachyliver and bowel troubles through a-'free sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly ofPlainview, III., sent for one and kcured her and she is open in szymgthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, the "Postmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says bewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as thi. -Itis good for all the family frominfancy to old age, because it is miM,free from griping anj yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or money willbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, 111.TOM MACKThe Premium Jack.Fine black jack, 16 hands high, largebone, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Mack will make the season of1911 at Marchmont Stock Farmon theWinchester pike, 2 miles east of Paris,at$10 for Mares and $15 for JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonmoney is paid. Mares kept at $3 permonth or ten cents per day on crass.Not responsible for accidents or escapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY.E. T. Phone 57,R. F. D. No. 2, Pari, Ky.THE SADDLE STALLION;,152 hands high, heavy mane and tailwill make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living ColtBEN D'OR is by McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy, by Lovely, he byLedger; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, or bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colts until seasonmoney i9 paid.Not responsible for accidents orescapes.T. B. STITH.K. F. D. No. 1. Paris, KyWoodland Stock FarmHeadquarters Tor Draft Horses.BLACK PRINCENo. 43.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.BURLEYBlack Percheron Wfc. 173$15 to'lnsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the very bpst. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both upon the farm and in the cities. They 1stand more work than the generalof horses. Burley is 7 years old, a beautiful black. He is well-formed and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price.at Wood-The above horses will make the season of 1 911lawn Stock FarmAbou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt isfoaled, marc transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur. 'STERLING HlNKSON5! Lair, Kyit Is AlwaysA Jay BirdLOOANDA 202,.V superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:0!)'. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda'a dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:114. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:loJ; was thechampion racing stallion of 3904-11)05; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:114 ; live year-old record 2:07jkt ; six-year-old record 2:05;seven-year-old record 2:03 If ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 fOR A: LIVING fOALJThe Winner.Cook "My dog took first prize atthe cat show." "How was that?" "Hetook the cat." Rochester Post Express.At Gm. Alexastcr Ct.'s Bank,BeprMentinQld Reliable CompInaarsnoe against Fire, WindLirktaing.Tour patrbaaf e solicited.Balked at Cold Steel.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.PriefliTlie Cheapest.nrkn1nf. lof. a rnf.m mif. mxr fnnf.off," said H. D. Ely, Bantam, Ohio,"although a horrible ulcer had beenthe plague of my life for four years.Instead I usedBucklen's Arnica Salveand my foot was soon completely cured." Heals burns,boil8, eores,bruise0,eczema, pimples, corns. Surest pileI cure, zocat. uoeraorier'iSaved Many from Death.W. L. Mock, of Mock, Ark. , believeshe has saved many lives in his 25years of experience in the drug business. "What I always like to do,"he 'writes, "is to recommend Dr.King's New Discovery for weak, sorelungs, hard colds, hoarseness, obstinate coughs, lagrippe, croup, asthmaor other bronchial affection, for Ifeel sure that a number of my neighbors are alive and well today becausethey took my advice to use it. 1 honestly believe its the best throat andlung medicine that's made." Easy toprove he's risjht. Get a trial bottlefree, or regular 50c or $1.00 bottle.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Improved Conditions in France.Statisticians now count on the survival to maturity of 70 out of every100 male children born in France, instead of 07 a few years ago.NORAB 36915, Trial 2.18, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:1S by Ambassador 2:214, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07J and Malcolm J. For J (3) 2:03) by Grand Sentinel$15 POR AtLIVING fOALW. A. BACON,!Maplehurst"FarmParis,lKentuckyrB T" 11Baldwin-Ivo.,99A Father's Venegancewould have fallen on aryDne who attacked the son of Peter Boa ly,of SouthRockwood.Mich. ,but he wa ipowerlessbefore attacks of kidney trouble. "Doctors could not help him,"he wrote, "soatlastwegavehim EleptricBitters andhe improved wonderfully from takingsix bottles. Its the best kidney medicine I ever saw." Backaohe, tired feeling, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite,warn of kidney trouble that may end.in dropsy, diabetes or Bright' 8 disease.Beware: Take Electric Bitters and besafe. Every bottle guaranteed. 50c atOberdorfer's. H - ;Packin"The Model Packing Plant,Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under the ,most complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all (.first-class grocers .anddealers.BaldwinPacking Co.Paris, Kentucky.Hrfis-i.-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY -30,1911.-141UMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. S. C. Carpenter is among the-mTck." Miss '0. W. Ingles gave a bulletluncheon Monday.Mrs. M. P. Collier and little daughter are improving..The work of oiling the streets beganThursday and was finished Saturday.Dr. H. C. Burrouhgs left Friday forweek's sojourn at Blue Lick Springs.Rev. T. W. Watts preached atFrankfort Sunday morning and evening Miss Ballenger. of Lexington, is theguest ot her grandmother, Mrs. Werri-11122.Mrs. H. D. Jones- visited relativesin LexintKon from Saturday to Mon-dcy.Mr. Frank Wright, of Maysville, istha guest of his sister, Mrs. C. C.Char.slor.Lir. D. P. Jones is laying a concreteside walk in ftont of his residence onEighth street.Miss Louise Myall, of Paris, arrivedThursday as the guest of her ajnt,Mrs. 0. M. Johnson.Mayslick, with Mrs. A. T. .Moffelt;Mrs. W. A. Munzing, Maysville, withher mother, Mrs Martha Vimont; MissLydia Frank, Louisville, with Mrs.F. M. Vimont; Miss Maude Reed, Lexintgen, with Miss Katherine Linville.Miss Elizabeth Dodson, whohas been attending school at MidwayI is spending a few days with her grandmother. Mrs. Elizabeth Uodson, enroute to her home in Bracken county.Mr. W. M. Layson had twenty-twosheep struck by I lightning during thethunderstorm on the afternoon of May22. all under one tree. This loss wasnot discovered for some days later.Mrs W. V. Shaw entertained a number of fiiends Friday night with FiveHundred in honor of Capt. HowardFreas of the M. M. I. Capt. Freasnas been connected with the institutionfor several years but severs his connection at the close of this term. Hehas made many friendswhile here.The following is a partial list ofcruests at M. M. I. : Mr. Walkeri McChesney, Lexington; Mrs. Hangerand son1, Richmond; Mrs. Neoma Tutor, Mary Van Tilton. Alleen Curry,AnnaJTune, Carlisle; Mr. W. F. Powell, Cilizaville; Mrs. J. R. Davis,Maysville; Dr. J. W. Porter, Lexington.Mrs. Fapny Norton spent from Friday until Munday with Irer sistc.Mrs.Rhoda Convay, at Paris.Misses Gladys and Amelia Hurstentertained Friday evening in honor oftheir guest, Miss Ruth Norris.Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Stevenson,"Williamson. W. Va.. were cruestsMr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray Thursday and iFriday.Miss Perrine has returned to herhome at Cynthiana after a two weeks'-visit to her cousin, Mrs. C. W.Mathers.Mis. King, who has been the guestof her sister, Mrs. C. T. Darnell, forseveral days has returned to her homeat Lexington.Mesdames W. G. Dailey and J. A."Batler left Monday to attend the commencement exercises at Caldwell College, Danville.Mr. J. H. Clarke is building an addition to his residence recently purchased from his son.Mr. D. E. Clarke.The concrete work is being done byMr. Clarence Miller, of Cynthiana.The following guests are present forcommencement: Miss Mary BelleSharpe, Sharpsburg, with Mrs. W. R.Barnes; Misses Clarke and Graves,The entertainment of the primarydepartmenat of M. F. C, which waspostponed on account of sickness wasgiven SLturday night in the collegechapel. Motwithstanding the extremely hot weather the children weregreeted with a large audience. Theentertainment was equal to any of thenfipast. The songs, drills- and Mother Jnfj Goose operetta J were all good. Theywere ariilea oy Miss ame Mcintyre,principal of that department.The following is a list of visitors forthe M.' M. I. commencement: Mrs. C.B. McShanu. Paris, with Miss LannieLayson ; Mr. and Mrs. Irvin Swinford, jCarlisle, with Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Carpenter; Mrs. V. J. KennPdy, Carlisle, and granddaughter, Miss HelenJames, of Hutchison, with Mrs. Chas.Leer; Miss Lottie Ryman, Cincinnati,O.. with Miss Irene Tackett; MissRuth Norris, Fern Leaf, with MissesGladys and Amelia Hurst; Miss OliveTaul, Paris, with Miss Pearl Williams;Miss Alice Ingles, Eminence withMiss Elizabeth Ingles; Mrs. C. W.Howard. Lexington, with Miss Hattieand Sailie Mclnryre; Mrs. W. H. H.Johnson and daughter, Miss Susan,Paris, with Mr. T. D. Judy and family; Mrs. S. A. Shanklin and daughter,Miss Agnes, Mayslick, and Mrs. W.H. Robb. Helena, with Mr. and Mrs.W. P. Shanklin; Mr. Avery Byron,Mrs. ElizaDeth Trumbo, and LeliaCurrent, Elizaville, with Mr. and Mrs.Claude Vimont; Mr. and Mrs. JamesRiley, Maysville, with Squire andMrs. A. C. Ball.The commencement exercises of theMillersburg Military Intsitute openedSunday morning with the baccalaureatesremon by Dr. J. W. Porter pastor ofthe First Baptist church of LexingtorThe spacious drill hall of the college,w itli a seating capacity of seven hundred is by far the largest building intown and was practically full. Themusical prorgam was very good,especially the trio and choral work bythe cadets. Dr. Porter in his addresswas at his best. He is not a strangerin our community and is always a welcome visitor. Most of our people knowwhat to expect before hearing him andwere not disappointed. On a whole itwas one of the best services ever conducted in the drill hall.The fourteenth annual competitivedrill of the M. M. I. took place Monday morning at 9:30 on M. M. I.grounds. The entire battallion metthe Paris Military Band at the 8:30train and escorted them to the groundswhere the drill was witnessed by oneof the largest crowds ever seen on thefield. The exercises were equal tothose of former years and the contestat the manual at arms as well as thedrill by companies was warmly contested. The medal in the manual atarms was won by Cadet Harris, ofFrankfort. In 1910 Company B wonthe flag over Company C. YesterdayCompany B was again awarded theflag for another year. The judgeswere ExCadet Alex Hawes, ofChicago, Jesse Miller, Lexington andAllen Ingles, Millersburg. Mure thanforty guests were in the house duringMonday and Monday night and theParis band dispensed good music during the day.Misses Vaughn, Wilmott and Losvry,of Lexington; Miss Tommy Brown,Hutchison; Miss Katherine Kelly,Paris ; Ex-Cadet O. C. Rankin, Cynthiana; ex-Cadet David Munich, SanFrancisco, Cal. ; ex-Cadet FrancesWharton, New York; Miss Lizzie C.Wigglesworth and Miss Anna Ammerman, Cynthiana; Mrs. J. B. Shipp,Midway ; Mr. and Mrs. J. C. McDaniel, North Middletown; Mr. and Mrs.Harry Blackburn, Georgetown Mrs.Martha Thomason, Mr. and Mrs.Arthur Young, Nicholasville; Mrs.Herman Pushin, Danville; Mrs. D. M.Curry and daughter, Myers; Mrs. JohnMay and Mrs. Chas. Millward, Lexington : Miss Sue Stone and Mrs. EmmaLusby, Georgetown: Prof. McBride,Richmond; Mr. Alex Hawes, Chicago.thedainty May flower ornamentingmantels, cabinets and walls.The guests were informally receivedby the hostess and Miss Hinton afterwhich they were provided with cardsand pencils and invited to join a'Traveling Party" guessing at thestations which were visited. Thisproved to be very amusing and muchmerriment was caused by the answerssubmitted. At 12 o'clock an elegantcourse luncheon was served at smalltables, , w hich were decorated; withbaskets of flowers tied with pink tullebows, and at each plate was a tinybasket decorated in the same manner.The place cards we re cupids andrings, and the souvenirs were smalltraveling cases, containing little silkbags filled with rice.The guests were: Msses Edna EarleHinton, Elizabeth Hinton, Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, Rachel Wiggins, MaryWoodford, Elizabeth Steele and BessiePeed of Mayslick ; Mesdames Duke,also of Mayslick : Jesse Turney. Jofcn !T. Hinton, W. 0. Hinton, Ed Hnton,Chas. McMillan, John Davis, WithersDavis, Wm. B. Ardery, Clell Turneyand James Wodford.(uitfThe home was attractively decoratedwith syringa, bowls and vases of thisMOTb) iHIGHT NOWExclusive Footwear in all the New Toes, Patterns andLeathers for Spring and Summer Wear Areon Exhibition in Our Store Right Now.We have ready for you the new Summer models, the smart swagger stylesfor young men, the dressy, substantial models for business and street wear, andevery one guaranteed to give satiffaction.Come in .and See Them You Will be Glad You Did,Below we mention a few exceptionally good values especially priced.ON SALE THIS WEEK:Special $1.99This line consists of smart, snappy,up-to-date models in one and twostrap Pumps and Oxfords. Theleathers are Velvets, Suede, GunMetal, Vici Kid and Patent Colt. Agreat bargain. See them.Special $2.99&j?'A-" js T ;r-rr:A -L&Z.V11Ift ' -tygP TSff Wv,This is another extra good value inMen's classy Footwear in Oxfordsai.d Shoes. .AH the latest high toesand heels are represented. Theleathers are Patent, Tan and GunMetal, Button and Lace.iiMkses and Children's Patent Leather Peekaboo Slippers Special price, sizes 81-2 to 11, $1.24;111-2 to 2, $1.49.DAN COHEN336 Main Street, ... Paris, KentuckyK AT THE BIG ELECTRIC. SIGN .Reception Day.Tuesday, June 6, is the annual Re"ception Day at the public schools. Thehours wll be from 9 to ill a. m. andfrom 1 to 3 p. m. Every patron andhe who is intprested in the educationof the children of Paris is invited tocome and witness what has been doneduring the year. We feel proud of theefficiency of our pubile school and arecertain ihat all who visit the differentfnYYC5 cinri irennnf 4-(k run! milt olcn 'feel a sense of pride in their own public schools. The schools are yours.You have established them. Youmaintain them. Come and see whathas been done. All visitors are requested to register 'neir names. Miss0'13rien and Mrs. Buck will havecharge of the register.Fourteen splendid youn: peorjle willreceive diplomas of graci-ntion fromthe High School this year. Elder Morgan will preach the annual class sermon at the Christian churcn Sundayevening, June 4, at 7:30. Let all thepeople come.A large and a very strong class willgraduate from the grammar schoolthis year. Graduating exercises Wednesday evening, .lune 7, at eighto'clock. Thursday evening, June 8 ateight o'clock High School Commencement. Each of these programs will beshort and we trust, interesting.GEO. W. CHAPMAN.Superintendent.FOR RENT.Four room house, large barn andother outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in tjie city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS.24 tf or GEO. RASSENF033Our Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Oualitv" onlv car-Iries the very best in Solid Silver I-k. Ul&VA IIV VsU&A 1VV VU Uii 7 blttllCLfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,K Both Phones. MIi ! t ! t t ! ?t & ? ( f l i t ! .m.it .T. .7- -T- ! -7- -T- " " -! -- - -7- -7- -7- --' -7- -T- ?- 7- -7- V-Look Here!r9WANTED.Screen Doors $1 to $2, complete with hangings,Adjustable Screen windows 30c, 40c and 50c,Fly Killers 10c,Lawn Mowers $3 up,Lawn Sprays 35c,Lawn Hose, guaranteed, 10c per foot,-Grass Hooks and Rakes,Grass Shears 25c,Water Coolers $1 .50 up,Fishing Tackle in all grades.Pasture for fiftyterms toi23 3tor more mules. WriteJ. J. GROSCUE.WhiteFORD & CO.Mountain Refrigerators and Ice CreamFreezers unapproached in quality.' V i "$ $ p!. .-i-. .'.- -X'. .-X'. .-X'( M v y 'f'9kW .1 .1. ! l at A t &i i ir ir- fi ifi i'J-i i $ 7 if ir 3IVIn(0)Ten 0earsWhat will your new furniture looklike? That's a point to think about.If you are a wise buyer and buywisely your furniture will be as goodas new in ten years.If you think only of low prices, anddon't bother much about quality,in ten years what you buy will becompletely worn outYou see the argument, don't you?To come closer to the point Thisstore guarantees to save you moneyon furniture, principally by sellingyou the highest qualities in the land.(0)The New Better Value StoreC. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Comer 8th and Main, "Robneel" Building- - BOTH TELEPHONES-4mmmmmmKmKtmmm mbbw ahmbbbv wmttmmmmwmmmmmmJv vw" , ' . - t "