KTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1911.NUMBER 584lMKv.)Ice Cream Plant at Elemendorf."An ice cream plant with a capactityof eighty gallons an hour is to beestablished at the Elemendorf dairy inFayette county, ana it will be readyfor operation in ten days. The plantis now being fitted up and it is plannedto furnish ise cream not only to theBine Grass but also to Cincinnati.The establishment of an ice creamplant at the Elemendorf dairy hasbeen talked of for more than a year,but only recently have the plans beenperfected and deiinite arrargementsfor its operation made.Old Soldier Tortured."For years I suffered unspeakabletorture from indigestion, consti' ationand liver trouble, "wrote A. K.Smith,a war veteran at Erie, Pa-, 'but Dr.King's New Life Pills fixed me allright. They're simply greau." Trythem for any stomach, liver or kidneytrouble. Onljr 25c at Oberdorfer'sDead Body Found.The dead body of W. K. Boone, agedabout forty, a well known Danvillecitizen, was found lying beside theQueen & Crescent track at Brannon,six miles from Lexington early Tuesday morning. His skull was fracturedand the position in which he was lyingindicated that he had fallen from atrain and struck his head against theend of a cress tie. .There were noother marks on his body.Boone bought a ticket from Lexington to Danville and investigationshows that he left on the late tiaiu for'that place.Planning Big Democratic Barbecue.A big Democratic barbecue is beingplanned by Col. G. R. Keller andSenator Chas. W. Mathers, of Carlisle,to be held at Lower Blue Lisk Springs,which is one of the most popular summer resorts in this section, the sceneof the battle of Blue Licks, and located near the "dges of Nichoals, Robertson, Harrison, Mason, Fleming.Bracken and other counties and easyof acces3. being on the old Maysvilleand Lexing'on turnpike.It is planned to have the nominefsior state omces auena ana marcespeeches, and an effort will be madeto secure the attendance of SenatorJohn Sharp Williams, Speaker ChampClark and others. Congressman OllieM. James, nomiuee for United StatesSenator, will be Especially urged toattend.That the big meeting will be held isnow certain, and Col. Keller and Senator Mathers are at Louisville iwith aview ot securing the attendance of thespeakers.Farmers are offering free of chargelambs and beeves for the barbecue.Great interest in the suggestion isbeing taken, and every effort will bemade to make the barbecue the greatest political neeting ever held in thissection of the State. It will probablybe held in August.Hot Weather Specials.Ipmorted Swiss cheese, Roqueford,Brick and New York cream cheese,boiled ham, minced ham, bolognasausage and canned meats of all kinds18 2t T. LENIHAN.12E&'&&&&&&&u&9'&'9'&'&'&'&'!P' !aa'ab'5aw&fafafaW-fafafa,MrfafafafafafafafafaIfafaDown Goes thePRICE OFFLOURvIce Plant Runningpacity.Tht fear of an ice famine in thissection is relieved to a great extentby the plant of the Paris Ice Companyresuming operations and is now running at its full capacity.For several days the plant was outof commission as the result of a breakin the machinery and it was impossible to meet the demand made for icefrom adjoining towns and at the sametime supply ice to patrons in this city.Orders in Paris were cut in half butthe price for the manufactured product met with no .advance. Carlisleprobaoly suffered more than any otherof the surrounding towns, due to thefact that it depended wholly upon thedaily shipments from Paris.When the supply ran short and theplant was operating on a scale to meetthe demand in Paris the shipments toCarlisle were cut to less than half.Taking advantage of the scarcity ofioe the distributors there put up theDrice, but necessity during the heatedterm forced a ready sale. The receivers there would not have the chance tounload the ice from the car as theCarlisle residents would gobble up thesupply before it cuuld be placed instorage, or on a delivery wagon.Millersburg did not suffer muchfrom the threatened famine, as lastwinter afforded the opportunity formany in that vicinity to fill their icehouses which served to relieve thesituation at that point. With the localfactory runnnig at full capacity andtwenty-four hours a day, there is nofear now of a famine threatening thissection again and it will be possiblefor the management to assist othercities.I if' - . mFull Ca JB WBllW f jry mm " ! "w lMBBB '-, vfltaMSUKr6WE KNOW MOW'?wCUT SHOESALF FRIGEBlue Ribbon Flour, the BestIn the World.Blu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack. .-"- -. . 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40Cheaper Every Day.Watch those swings in J. T.Hinto-n's window. They get cheaperevery day.Escaped to See Dying Wife.Clarence Colbert, of Covington, 23years old, who has been chased overall the Central States, being wantedfor alleged forgery, was arrested nearhis father-in-law's home at RichmondWednesday night. At the request of adetective from Indianapolis, who hadtrailed Colbert for many months.Colbert's wife, who was a Miss Hill,of Valley View, Madison county, wasrecently brought to the home of heraunt near Richmond, suffering fromtuberculosis. She is in a dying condition. The hunted man had come for a lastvisit to his dying wife when arrested.Accompanied by a dQtective he leftfor Indianapolis to face trial, havingto leave a wife who can only survivebut a few days.Wheat Wanted.Before selling your wheat see us orcall Phone 84. We buy at all stationson the F. & C. and L. & N. railroads.Call and get your wheat sacks.R. U. HUTCHCRAFT.11 6wks Paris, Ky.f.We have eighty-five pairs of Korrect Shape Shoes inbroken sizes, tans, patent leathers and gun metals, whichwe will sell this week only at $2.00 a pair. These are regular $4.00 Shoes, and while'you can buy a pair of Oxfordsat these prices you should not let this opportunity go by.We have all sizes now, but don't delay in getting a fit.Take a look ot the window; the sizes are marked onevery pair.-M .4.00 SHOES FOR $2.00Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky(i$$!The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LENIHA1N, Prop.6Both Phones 234JAS.S2SM AcA.-'i.w.iifcNr imT. irrvr . e. . rrw r.fVM ti'simfmit&tti2&MM .i!2JifiCvtaVvvwxfisw- kssvaaevM-m M .ji.Ftar'asiwmtimtvimvmmmim''j&tmwPremiums for City School Pupils.As an encouragement to the pupilsof the city schools throughout theState, the Strassel Gans Paint Co , ofLouisville, has offered a specialpveimum of $15 to be distributed atthe Kentucky State Fair as follows :1. Collection of 10 troublesomeweeds, pressed and named Firstprize, z; second, $i ; tnira, riooon.2. Collection of leaves, twigs andseeds of 10 native trees, pressed andmountpd First prize, $2; second, $1 ;third, ribbon.3. Exhibit of flowers, fresh orpressed, raised in the home orschoolgarden First prize, 82, second, $1 ;third, ribbon.4. Exhibit ot 5 products, raised inthe home or school garden Firstprize, $2; second, SI; third, ribbon.5. Collection of 12 kinds of seedsgrown by one school m home andschool gardens First prize, $2; second, $1 ; third, ribbon.Work of this character is xbeinggiven much attention in the -schoolsnow and it is developing a love andappreciation of nature and an artisticsense in the chilrden.!. Bk.W' lWCf w'' r jMELLaiuiiiiiiiiiiiimiiimmi 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ti 1 1 ii iiii 1 1 i i ii ii u 1 1 nil 1 11 iii 1 1 1 1 1 in 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii 1 1 in i ill I it iiuMuiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiii i nI FRANK & CO. . IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. i?r agfSTRAW HATS 1-2 OFFREGULAR PRICE3iKPANAMA HATS25 Per Cent OffBlue Grass Seed Wanted.We a re in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you withsacks. Both phones.6 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.MATRIMONIAL.ONE LOI BOYS' 5UG GAPS NOW 15cPrice & Co.,Clothiers.XJf &IThp London Echo says : "At thegroom's home in East London Sundayafternoon at four o'clock, Miss MaggieLawson and Mr. George Black wereunited in marriage by Rev. R. L.Evell. The bride is a very prettyyountr lady who has a large circle offriends. She is a daughter ofi Mr.George Lawson, of Lily. The groomis the son of Mr. and JMrs. SamuelBlack, and is one of tae best youngmen the community has ever turnedout. After visiting here for a fewdays, the young people will go toParis, where Mr. Black has furnisheda handsome little cottage."Mr. John T. Reynolds, Jr., andMiss Elizabeth Dickey, of Cynthianawere married Monday at Lexinprton.The ceremeny was performed by Rev.I. J. Spencer, of the Central Christianchurch, at his residency. The bride, adaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John W.Dickey, is quite an attractive girl.Mr. Reynolds is a son of Mr. J. T.Reynolds, a well known dry goodsmerchant, and is a splendid youngbusiness man After the marriageMr. and Mrs. Reynolds went -to Torrent for a short stay.-- M -REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODS..xNow Showing New Styles inLAWNSAv- i 'a .v? tisJXS.t" --.w i- --y-rwriri-White "Groupds, Black Figures ,and Stripes,v Priced at J0tand J 2 J -2c a yard?4rSpeciallyNewFall Styles in Dress Ginghamsat 10 and 12 J-2c(yard.r.n.-SUMMER SLIPPERS- Wd have just received several of the very newest stylesIn slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede afJ. 95, $2.95 and 3.95 apair- I-SIj syRemnants of Dres Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,Calicoes, Etc, allat Big Reductions(.Frank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckyHiii:j!nniinninrintriwiifWi?:i:miimiiiiiiiiimiiimiimnim iniiiiiniLm.'JiJJJJJJJJLnuimiiiniiuitniHrfuiiLmiifiiiwMW:"jIi;srwi?$J'-t' t-0?M11.5 cv-i?'ft:.fh:miy$M!JrJLTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 21, 1911.riCljTHE BOURBON NEWSDo You Feel This Way?BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Do you feel all tired out? Do you sometimesthink you just can't work away at your profession or trade any longer ? Do you have a poor apc-tite. and lav awake at nights unable to sleep t ArsSWIFT CHAMP, - - Editor and Ow eryour nerves all gone, and your stomach too ? Has ambition to forge ahead in the world left you? If so, yonmight as wellut a stop to your misery. You can do it ifyou will. D?! Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery willmake you a different individual. It will set your lazy liverto work. It will set things right in your stomach, andyour appetite will come back. It will purify your blood.If there is any tendency in your family toward consumption,it will keep that dread destroyer away. Even after consumDtion has almost gained a foothold in the form of aEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter'Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationNftvr nee J renairsInexpensive otormprootWill last as long as the building.Display advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach .subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published EverV Tuesday and Friday..lingering cough, bronchitis, or bleeding at the lungs, it will bring about acure in 98 per cent, of all cases. It is a remedy prepared by Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y., whose advice is given free to all who wish to write him. Hisgreat success has come from his wide experience and varied practice.Don't be wheedled by a penny-grabbing dealer into taking inferior substitutes for Dr. Pierce's medicines, recommended to be "just as good." Dr.Pierce's medicines are of known composition. Their every ingredient printedon their wrappers. Made from roots without alcohol. Contain no habitforming drugs. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.Roofs put on over twenty years ago are as good asnew today. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.f V fw&t? ...sessBoAttPWfc lAfflBftOPiWyli'11 1umSCm lP I H kJ00fWLerrac-u Han m m a a a j - -j lW0r'.r uvrw$six 6..n1 npv- -j- '"- ' yy . . r f -fi'WB' ORIGINALITYWfand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work..An individuality distinguishes our 3Ionu-ments from all otlicrs, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined. sFine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER.NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams Son;142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in the Garden'&&''(.&WP$$$fJA f.fz-. - V J.l ffifo OpAis a real pleasure if you 'i avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an 'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWRY & TALBOTTtototototototototototorwBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice.tototo2H lr fPlSiA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are,pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsqurfliry is guaranteed. Giveuts a trial order. You'll notrex:et it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris,Kentucky,fC5for Sale PrioatefyDESIRABLEResiaence Property.ON SECOND STREET.I offer for sale privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andLiilleston avenue. Contains five rooms,two halls, bath, pantry, back andifcront porches; cellar under entirehouse; gas throughout; water in yard.and hous?; sewer connection. Theresidence fronts on Second street, andis extremely desirable; fine bhadetrees un all sidfs. Immediate possession can be given.-Prospective purchasers invited to inspect the premises.TERMS. Made known on application to the undersigned.JOHN ARKLE.12 tf Home Phone 211.Dr. Wrn. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street,Office Phones) SMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials, ,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.LIQUID'CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases .medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A. true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought ahout only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WxYSH THE, GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A. 25-cent trial bottle will start thicure, and give you instant relief. --G. S. Yarden & Son. f ' 'ONE YEAR, - - - $.00 SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00 sPORTING NEVIS LETTERBy C. H. ZUBEK.Cincinnati, July 21, 1911. Local fol-1lowers of the game are on the qui vivefor the return of the Keds to their own ,pasture next bunday, July 23. Theyare wondering just what sort of lineup will be offered, and whether Manager Griffith, who has been at the steering wheel of the locals for nearlythree years, will be out on the thirdbase coaching line in uniform, as ofyore. The past two weeks have beenextremely strenuous ones in the history of the local team, and it would notbe surprising to see considerable newtalent offered the public for inspectionwhen the first game after the presenttrip is called on the local lot on Sunday, with those strenuous Cardinalsopposing the Reds. Rumors have beennumerous ad to prospective changes,and while none of these reports havebeen verified as yet, there is likely tobe something doing along those linesbefore Sunday. One thing is certainthe owners of the Reds are not satisfied with the manner in which resultsh?ve not been obtained of late, andthe lovers of the sport can be certainthat the last half of the season willsse a much higher grade of sport offered by the Reds than was vouchsafedthem during the earlier portion of theReason.The best drawing card in the National League today is the aggregationover which Roger is holding the reins.When the season opened the St. Louisteam was not taken seriously. It wasmade up of a number of men who hadbeen gathered here and there in thebig leagues with a sprinkling of comparatively unknown youngsters. Aplace near the end of the line was thebest that was picked for the Cardinals.But with the cast-offs playing a bettergame than heretofore.and with the unknown pitchers delivering a superiorand consistent grade of goods, theCards have been moving right along,and now are so near the top that theymust be considered in the race for theflag. The fact that the team containsquite a number of players who wereformerly Rds makes their adventheredoubly interesting, and the fanswill flock out to see them during theirengagement here, as well as to seewhat changes the local managementcontemplates in the team's line-up inorder that J t may make a hot finish.r Nominations Received,Among the list of nominations received by the Kentucky Association forthe annual stake events, including theBreeders' Futurity, for 2-year-olds,worth about $10,000; the RacelandStakes for 3-year-olds, and the CamdenHandicap for 3-year-olds and upward,are the following entries made byhorsemen from Bourbon county:CATESBY WOODFORD.br c, by Ogden Bennie Blue II.ch c, by Star Shoot Lady Alberta.b c, by Star Shoot Janowood.ch c, by Star Shoot Nisbit.ch c, by Star Shoot Lady Vincent.ch c, by Star Shoot Vassar.b f, by Star Shoot Que n Dixon.ch f, by Star Shoot Lizzie Dixon.b c, by Miller Queen Regent.b or br c, by Miller Lady Premier.b f , by Miller - Last Cherry.b f, by Miller Belle of Glendale.b f, by Miller Lady Glendale.br f, by Miller Merit.br f, by Miller Expressing.b or br c, by Orlando Autumn.COL. e. f. clay.ch f, by Star Shoot Breakwater,ch c, by Star Shoot KentuckyBell II.ch c, by Star Shoot-Charter Queen,ch c, by Star Shoot High Degree,ch c, by Star Shoot -Onwentsia.A. B. HANCOCK.ch c, by Fatherless Diamontina.ch c, by Fatherless Aurie.b c, by Fatherless Belle Flour,b c, by Fatherless Lizzie A.b c, by Glorifier Ianna.P. J. MILLETT,b c, by Amaranth. 1ch c, by Voter Red Light.ch f, by Transvaal Lauretta BurkeA. J. GOREY.ch f, by Transvaal KatherineMoore.TALBOT BROS.b c. by Kilkerran Talpa.b or br c. by Kilkerran Tapiola.T. B. NICHOLS.br c, by Transvaal Miss McLaughlin. G. W. WILDER.b f, by St. Savin Topsy Over.It is doubtful ,rif any pitcher everhad the Indian sign on an opposingteam with greater persistency andconsecutiveness than has ChristyMathewson on the Reds The localshave not won a game from this mightytwirler in nearly three seasons, hehaving a total string of twenty consecutive victories over them, with noteven a tie'gime to break the monotonyof the deraets. There is no doubtthat Mathewson is the big noise inkeeping the Giants near the top of theheap, and his work this season indicates that he still has some good workleft in him. Mathewson expects toadd to his record over the Reds whenthe New Yorks come next week, following the Cardinals. The Brooklynswill succeed the New Yorks as localvictors, one of their games beingscheduled for Sunday, July 30, whilethe Phillies will wind up the secondvisit of the Eastern teams with agame on Sunday, August 6, and threegames subsequently.Our chocolate-colored friend. JackJohnson, seems to be out for the coinin real earnest during his present visitto the British possessions. Followingthe announcement that he will fightPaddy Curran, the Irish champion, fora purse of $25,000 and a side bet inaugust, comes the additional newsthat he has signed up to do battle withBombadier Wells, the English heavyweight champion for a purse of $40,000ana the world's championship, thisbattle to take place in England inSeptember. Johnson must he prettyconfident of wailoping Curran, for hedid not hesitate to make the matchwith Wells without any stipulationsregarding the Curran battle. Bettingwill be all in favor of Johnson, despitehis immense overweight, for neitherCurran nor Wells has ever shownreason to be considered in the sameclas3 with the colored man so far as,fighting is concerned.Both Packey McFarland, the American, and Freddie Welsh, the Welshman, are anxious to take from AdWolgast his honors as lightweightchampion of the world. Both havesent in challenges, Welsh's beingoacked by some $20,000 put up by hisBritish manager, wnhile McFarlandclaims to have as much money at hiscommand as Wolgast can cover. Thereseems to be some doubt as to McFarland's ability to make the lightweightlimit of 133 pounds, but he himselfieclares that he can do it, and thatne'll weigh in or below that figure if:he proposed Thanksgiving Day matchs arranged. Wolgast says he's willing to meet both men in turn, and toive Owen Moran, who is complainingjf his recent defeat, another chancetlso.School Census Figures Jumping.During the last four vears the num.bar of school children in the State hasincreased from 508,416 to 739,684, asshown by the census report just completed by the Department of Education. For the year 1911 there were332,796 white male, 42,173 colored'male, 321,797 white female and 42,918I colored female, making a total of1739,684 children of cshool age in theState. This year the per capita will! be $4 40. OverS700,000 more in theschool fund. This money has beencollected from various sources such asfranchies taxes, State bakns, revenueagents, storage accounts, increases inthe valuation of property in the Stateand through the iState Inspector andExaminer.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESIn the last three days, says theDanville Messenger. 448 fat Jcattlehave been sold by Danville men. allbut one herd bringing 6 1-4 cents.Gentry Bros, sold to Schwartzchild& Sulzburger 168 head of splendid export cattle at 6 1-4 cents. These bigsteers will weigh 1,500 pounds. Worthington & McMeekin, the Gentry Bros.'neighbors, sold to Joseph Bales, ofRichmond, agent for Schwartzchild &Sulzburger, 70 steers that will weighabout 1475 pounds, for 6 cents.Monte Fox, agent for Joseph Stern& Co., New York packers, hnught ofGeorge P. Merrick 75 big 1,500pounders at 6 1-4 cents, he also boughtof J. C. Caldwell, Jr., 125 of about thesame size at the same price.As a consequence of these sales$40,000 of Eastern monay will be piledup in Danville banks in less than amonth. Only two or three times ayear are financial transactions of suchmagnitude made in one week in thiscommunity.GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH'PHONES DAY137;NIGrHT 299.:2s$X&!&ZSGg2ga00i&22&3m&22sWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Q3HSS3l6tfeS5ISQgS?fe'S22S):(&cSg3S)P22SSM&. Our Line of SterlinG- Sil 1I ver is Very Complete.I' Just the thing forwedding gifts.The "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.a "I h Hniiea Af lliihr"I Both Phones. 'WASH THAT ITCH AW&YIt Is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you know that by washingin these vaters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? -Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to rindthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and -other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and Je-avethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. We assure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son. -East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little' Rock anRuddles Mills.. "When you have East Tennessee 'service youHAVE telephone service..' ' -The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedWRNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gaoes, Limberneck Rnnn fankprNOyE AS r.nnn l"k! .. " !r'i"?usarrnoea ana an Diseases 01 PoultryITOXE AS GOOD2JO CUKE, NO IJlTAJ:.-V-rf?-n r .,?V auc,Dryay "rawown. rvy., says: l hare used Redpe 4- -44 for yean aad think it the batrKvJmedymr?de; h cures 8ap and limberneck without faU.I of a gapBSMAZmStJt. of Redpe 4-11-44 dropped down the bilor jn uic uc.inanuy. it it the best preventive 1 have ever used.MfQ. aid Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardsbwn, Ky. Price 50c at all Draists.SOLD BYG. S. Varden & Son.!MBesidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.- Xi , KTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 21, 1911,TIE GREATESTmWCIIw111mETER ATTEMPTED IN PARISI have purchased ot the Fee estate a building lot on Main street, near Seventh. I am going to build myown store. To put up a modern building requires a large outlay of money. I am going to raise ready moneyto build with by throwing my large stock ofC(othing9Shoes9 Mats, Men's Furnishings, Trunks,Etc., on the Market For the Next Ten Daysat prices so low that it will attract thousands of buyers for miles around. This sale is boni fide. I must raiseready money. I depend on these low prices crowding my store every day of the sale. Remember its only fortendays. Bring this bill with you and we fill it to the letter.Ct-rJygi rygMg iwBw IMIMW miaLamamfrfr3Mfr)250 Men's Suits carried over from last season, worthSIU and S1Z, Building Sale rnce "3P Umm300 Men's Suits carried from last season, worth $15and $18, Building Sale Price$10 and $12 Men's high-grade Suits,Building Sale rnce ? s$15 and $18 Men's hand-made pure Worsted Suits,Building Sale Price.$20 and $22.50 Men's hand-tailored, finest quality,Building Sale Price$25 pure worsted hand-tailored Suits,Building Sale Price$13.98$6.50 Men's Pants, Building Sale Price $4.25$5.00 Men's Pants, Building Sale Price $3.75$4.00 Men's Pants, Building Sale Price $2.98$3.50 Men's Pants, Building Sale Price $2.29$3.00 Men's Pants, Building Sale Price $1.98$2.50 Men's Pants, Building Sale Price $1.29$2.00 Men's Pants, Building Sale Price $1.19$1.00 and $1.25 Shirts, Building Sale Price .. 79c$1.50 and $2 Shirts, Building Sale Price $1.1375c and 65c Shirts, Building Sale Price 39c25c Suspenders, cut to 18c20c Suspenders, cut to ' 12c50c Silk Sox, cut to 25c25c Sox, cut to 15c10c Sox, cut to 4c25c and 35c Men's Underwear, cut to 18c50c and 75c Men's Underwear, cut to 38c$1 Men's Underwear, cut to 69c$1 Men's Balbriggan Union Suits, cut to 49cB: & D. Athletic Underwear, Cut to 38c$1.25 Suit Cases, Building Sale Price 98c$2.50 Matting Cases, Building Sale Price. $1.48$4WW4Stetson- $4 and $5 Hats, cut to $3 .4-SHawes Van Gal celebrated Hats,Building Sale Price$2.50 Hats, Building Sale Price i$2.00 Hats, Building Sale Price 1$1.50 Hats'. Building Sale Price ...Straw Hats, worth $1 and $1.25, Building Sale Price$2.48.-..$1.79... $1.2998cIOC300 pairs Men's Oxfords, sizes 6, 6 1-2, 7, 7 1-2, regular G4 Q E$3.50 and $4, Building Sale Price . I 9All $4 and $5 Men's Shoes and Oxfords, fc"l j Q250 pairs Tan and Patent Oxfords, regular $3.50, CCO ASlBuilding Sale Price IJbiHpO500 pairs Canvas Shoes, rubber soles, worth 50c and 75c, CBuilding Sale Price mm 57 W4KBojrs- Suits Worth $2.50, $3, $4 and $5, Building Sale Price$1.98, $2.25, $2.98 andThousands of articles too numerous to mention are included in this great ten days sale. Remember every thing in the store is reduced. Be among the first, because the great bargains always go first. Sale limited to ten days. Don't forget the dateSATURDAY,A t NLwwi f!TWIN BROS. CLOTHINGfSTIIHE iil,i i piB !--safc. sufc.1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 21, 1911xkImNOTICE.I will not be responsible for anydebts contracted for by any one exceptmyself without a written order.10 3t JOHN AYERS.W Victor-Victrola XIV, $150 MlIV Other styles Victor-Victrola $75 to $250 VVictors $10 to $1008 The ideal instrument Ifor the home IThe Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of all-musical instruments for the home.Ifc combines all musical instrumentsand the perfect human voice, andsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola,Come in and we'll tell you how youcan pay for it on easy terms,Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'Botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE'. . VIf you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movmgn.around so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands' ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorsh ave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with J.ipctions for home cure.S .jiin. ' ". t.. free by writing Blood.i j Atlanta, Ga. Describevxn ircuule nd free medical advicegi ,on. cl:l tyVarden & Son.Rivermen Here Saturday.Maysville will be the attraction atWhite Park Saturday and Sunday theBourbonites will go to Maysville for agame. A number of fans will godown to witness-the game.0UONEftsopUWJWMWWDaugbtrtp Brosdown the throat of a "capeycliicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. A'few drops in the drinkiujr waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chickdiseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Ask for hee booklet on"Diseases of Fowls."For Sale by W. T. Brooks.c9augZeke is Again In Bad.Zeke Wilson, well known in the BlueGrass League, Where, he held the indicator, later becoming a member of theLexington club and also as an official,was the offending principal at a Sunday game here two years ago, causingconsiderable feeling resulting in almost a riot in which the ump wasworsted, is again in bad. A news dispatch from Ironton, Ohio, says:"Directly following this afternoon'sball game Umpire Zeke Wilson, whosedecisions were flagrantly adverse toIronton, was surrounded by a largecrowd of boys and men and assaultedby several men but not seriously hurt.Manager Benny, Judge Corn and otherIronton citizens came to his rescue andaccompanied him tu the car line,where he was arrested for strikingCarl Heiner, of the local team, withhis mask, while Heiner was trying todefend him at the park. Wilson wasreleased under $200 bond until tomorrow afternoon."Lexington Player Married.Left Fielder Charles B. Ellis, of theLexintgon base ball club, was marriedWednesday morning to Mies JennieBerry Wills, of Winchester. Theceremony was performed by the Rev.I. J. Spencer at the home of JamesVallandingham in Lexington, anothermember of the Colts' team. Ellistook part in the base ball game Wednesday afternoon between the Lexington aggregation and the Paris team.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIAiSJMSunday, July 23, '11.BASE BALLCincinnativs.St.'Louis.. Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.gwt- zm f LJIi I LI LI I--.---- mSo that everyone can furnish the dining room withsuch little cost.We Have a Few MoreXeebergRefrigerators at Small Prices.Now Is Your Chance for Odd Dressers, Chairs, Rockersand Porch Chairs,-ri ni,imimM Tiiir n r,i'" -- 'yr.T-7.i .-.!Iron and Brass Beds $2.50 up to $32.50i-Carpets, Rugs, Mattings. .If you are going to buy anything in the way yf Floor Covering, now is yourchance to do so with a little money ' fA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Paris, KentuckyMain and Third.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Courthouse.iBASE BALL.TUESDAY.6 5008 3336 333ColtsyardwaswereLexi'g'n 8 3 727 Richm'd 6Win'ster 5 4 556 Fr'nkf't 4Paris . . 6 5 545 M'ys'v'e 3Paris put the kibosh on theTuesday afternoon at the localby a score of 9 to 1. The gamefull of heavy hitting and errorsplentiful.The Colts could not connect with thebenders of "Cyclone," Jack Scheneberg, who celebrated his return to theBourbonites by winning his first game.Paris counted five times in the initialinning, as the result of three singles,a two bagger, a three bagger and awild throw bySewell. The Bourbonites also scored twice in the fifth whenHarrell walked and scored on Mayer'sthree base hit to center, Mayer csorincr on an out made by Barnett.Paris added another in the sixth, andone in the eighth, Lexington gettingtheir only run in the seventh, whenSchneider singled to right and scoredon a three base hit by Viox. The score:Lexington 0 0000010 01Paris 5 0 0 0 2 10 1 x 9Batteries Lexington, Vallandingham, Eddington and Sewell; Paris,Scheneberg and Mayer. Hits Lexington 8, Paris 10. Errors Lexington 4,Paris 2. Earned runs Paris 5. Twobase hits Barnett, Harrell. Threebase hits Goodman, Mayer. Base onballs off Scheneberg 3, 'off Vallandingham 3, off Eddington 2. Struck outby Scheneberg 5, by Eddington 2.Passed ball Sewell. Eight hits andeight runs off Valjandingham in sixinnings. Stolen F bases McKernan 2.Time 2 51. Upmire Elgin. Attendance 500.WEDNESDAY.Lexi'g'n 8Paris .. 7Richm'd 74 6675 5836 538Win'ster 5 5 500Fr'nkf't 5 8 385M'ys'v'e 3 7 300The Colts again Wednesday andanother bitter defeat for the SheetsYancey aggregation. The locals wonhandily by a score of 11 to 4, and thegame was marked by the heavy hitting of the fiourbonites.Schneider was sent in to do thework on the firing line and was shownno mercy by the determined McKernantribe.Jimmie Hauser, who opposed thehusky Dutchman in a contest in Lexington several weeks ago and whichwas won by Paris in the eleventh inning showed hi9 class and kept theColts guessing.The locals countpd one run in thefirst session., McKernan was calledout at the plate for leaving third before a fly from Barnett was caught,according to the judgment of UmpireBarrett and a protest resulted in theBourbonite manager being ejectedfrom the game and ordered to thebench.The absence of McKernan did nothinder the slocals and in the fourthcounted two more which gave themthe lead. The seventh was a veritableslugfest and when the dust clearedaway the Paris team had battedaround seven runs and seven runs hadbeen counted,,This killed the hope of Lexington asHauser was going strong and nothingshort of a miracle could have put themin front. Paris added another in theninth and assisted by errors Leixngtoncounted two.Barnett distinguished himEelf byputting the ball over the fence twiceand Maxwell also clouted one out ofthe lot. The score:Paris 1 0 0 2 0 0 7 0 111Lexington 2 0000000 24Batteries Paris, Hauser and Mayer;Lexington, Schneider and Sewell.Hits Paris 15, Lexington 6 ErrorsParis 5, Lexington 2. Earned runsLexington 2, Paris 9. Two base hitsEllis, Eddington, Kuhlman, Goodman.Three base hit Eddington. Homeruns MaxwelL Barnett 2. First onballs '-off Schneider 2; off Hauser 2.Stolen base Goodman. Struck outby Schneider 8, by Hauser 8. Left onbases Lexington 5, Paris 6. Sacrificehit Hauser. Double plays Eddington to Sewell to Bevan ; Eddington toViox, Harrell to Maxwell to Barnett.Passed balls Sewell 2. First base onerrors Lexington 2. Hit by pitcherMcKernan, Long. Time 2:05. Umpire Barrett.Richmond,' Maysville 5; Franlcfort6, Winchester 2.WEDNESDAY.Lpxi'g'n 8 5 615Richm'd 8 6 571Paris . . 7 6 538Win'ster 6 6 500Fr'nkf't 6 8 429M'y'sv'e 4 8 333The August Woman's HomeCompanion.One of the most interesting thingsin the August Woman's Home Companion is an article which reports thegirlhood of Mary Garden, the famousgrand opera singer. The article isone of a series just beginning which isto treat of the girlhood of a numberof prima donnas. The present articlecontains a thrilling account of MissGarden's first geat public appearancein Paris. It was a sudden call into animportant part, and the young womanmade herself famous in a night."How I Sold My Daughteis," is thetitle of an extraordinary piece of selfrevelation by a mother. "Art inAmerica" is an interesting illustratedseries by George Alfred Williams."What a Man Expects of a Girl" andMaragret E. Sangster's'talk'on youthand old age are" notable features.Unusual fiction is contributed byZona Gale, Fannie Heaslip Lea, Dorcas Davis, Frederick M. Smith, MaryHastings Bradley, Harriet P. Spoffordand others.On the practical side are severalimportant contributions in addition tothe regular fashion and household departments. Dr. Jean Williams' articleon "Home Sanitation" will be foundvaluable to the home makers everywhere. "Water Sport for Girls" is amost entertaining article for the general reader as well as for beginners atswimming. "Summer Dances andParties" and "Outdoor Games I forBoys and Girls" furnish many ideas,fur entertainment.Opening the Old Wo and.The bitterness between SenatorHeyburn, of Idaho, and Senator Williams, -of Mississippi, on the subjectof the Confederacy, broke out anew inthe Senate Tuesday. Senator Heyburn objected to the taking up of abill appropriating $100,000 for a Confederate naval monument in Vick3burgy Senator "Bob" Taylor, of Tennessee, took up the issue in defense ofthe South and scored the Idaho t Senator. "The war is over," he said. '"timehas pulled down the forts and healedthe w'ounds. The men who wore thegray delight to honor the men whowore the blue; hut they do. not delightto honor the men who never smeltpowder, and who stand here and unlimber their I batteries of bitternessagainst the simple proposal to erectmonuments to Southern heroes."Pure Paris Green.Buy yGur nan's green from us. Wesell the celebrated I. Pfeiffer kind,none better. Both phones.18-2t SAUER."" '""'"' p mFree!Free$1 Clock or WatchaWitji every purchase of $10or over, for 30 days only.Big Reductions on Clothing, Shoes,Hats, Trunks, and Suit Cases.WATCH OUR WINDOWS FOR SPECIALS.THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.PARIS, KY.jftfll IK4One LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Ca2S while we have your sizeThe game yesterday at Richmondresulted in the defeat of Paris by ascore of 11 to 7. The score:Paris . . .'. 3 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 07Richmond 0 0 0 0 0 3 6 2 x 11Batteries Paris, Shears, George,Hauser andJjMayer ; Richmond, Creagerand Haines.Geo. MPWill,ams9fH No moreMaysville at Winchester. First gameMaysville 4, Winchester 2 ; secondgame, Winchester 2. Maysville 1.Lexington at Frankfort. Frankfort2, Lexington 0.Neale on the Job.' President Wm. Meale 'seems to bedetermined to break up squabbling between the Blue Grass League playerson the field and has sent out the announcement of fines assessfd againstPitcher Burden of the Winchesterteam, and Secund Baseman Kimbro ofthe Lexintgon team, for the fight inwhich they engaged in Lexington lastSaturday. He also fined Umpire Alloway for not chasing the two combatants from the game.Golden on Suspended List. -Roy Golden, the big right hangerformerly of the Blue Grass League,who has registered sush a miserablefailure as a member of the St. LouisClub, has been indenifitely suspendedby Manager Bresnahan. The suspension was slapped aganist Golden afterthe big pitcher and Manager Bresnahan had held a lengthy conference.In announcing his sjspension Manager Bresnahan says Golden is beingpunished for his failure to keep incondition. While serving his sentenceGolden must stay with the club andwort, out every afternoon. He willdraw no salary, but while on the roadhis expenses will be paid. Golden hasregistered five successive fa -luressince the clubjleftjiome.tickets given on raffle until further notice 13-ggSggiSJfggBBgizOur Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.RFMFMRFP THKThe "House of Oualitv" onlv car- II ries the very best in Solid Silver IJ and we can give you anything Jfrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.Both Phones.aBHBSIHMft- '1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY JULY 21, 1911.,ThIs BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGProtect your growing tobacco against hail.THOMAS &WOODPORD,fire and Tornado InsuranceExamination for Certificate.An examination of teacberu forcounty certificaates will be held at theoffice of the county superintendent inthe courthouse today and tomorrow.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfL. N. Assessment.The Louisvile & Nashville's assessment in Cincinnati was increasedfrom 205,625 to 462,700, which wasaccepted.Fine Canteloupes.Genuine Indiana ranteloupes sweetas honey. Phone your order early.SALTER.Muzzle the Dogs.5 The man with the dog buttons wasuut Wednesday night and as a result acartload of dogs were found on thestreets yesterday. Owners of valuable dogs had best muzzle the animalsor they too. may surfer a like face.Dressed Chickens.Fancy dressed chickens, 30 cents, 35cents and 40 cents each for Saturday., C. P. COUK & CO.Stole Horse.A young man of Italian descent,hired a horse from a Falmouth liverystable a few days ago and failed tocome back with the animal. Mr. OralGalloway, of Falmouth, was in Parissearching for the man but could findno clue.Bourbon Land Sold.Mrs. Cordelia Oifutt has bought ofW. O. Paxton, of New York, his interest in five tracts of land on theLexington pike, which he inherited bythe will of his uncle, the late JasperOffutt. The price paid was 1,400.Rye!We are in the market for choice rye.See us before selling:.21 2t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.High Price for Grass Seed.Sudduth Brothers and Beall Brothers, of Winchester, have sold theirblue grass seed to Spears & Sons, ofthis city, at $1.70 a bushel for August10 delivery. This is the highest priceever-paid for blue grass seed uncleaned. "Sudduth Brothers have about 600bushels.Condemnation Suit Dismissed.The L. & N. railroad yesterday incounty court, through their attorneyasked for the dismissal of the condemnation suit against B. B. Marsh tosecure about seven acres of groundalcn the right of wsy of the road forthe purpose of double tracking theline. The railroad company made anoffer of 10.500 for the land which wasdeclined and the condemnation suit resulted. ExBourbon Die& in Chicago.A Chicago paper of recent date tellsof the death in that city last week ofIsiac W. Harrison, a native of Bourbon county, who lacked only sixmonths of being 100 years old. Mr.Harrison was born on what is nowknown as the Burbridge farm, "Brooklawn," on January 20, 1812, and maybe remembered by some- of our olderinhabitants.! He afterwards lived inCairoll and Woodford counties, andthen moved West, first to Davenport,Iowa, and later to Chicago.To Close Out.0'ir regular 2 panama hats, cheapat S2. we offer them at 1.48. Comeearly, only a limited quantity.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Vocal Soloist at the Grand.Manager Porter, of the Paris Grand,announces the engagement of MissBirdie Wollstein as vocal soloist beginning next Monday evening. MissWollstein possesses a voice of rare excellence. She recently finished a termat the Cincinnati Conservatory ofMusic, and her singing at several private entertainments during the seasonwas very flatteringly commented uponby the Cincinnati press.Miss Wollstein's selection for Monday evening will be "Song of theSoul," from "The Climax."Held to Grand Jury.Before Squire L. J. Fretwell Wednesday,Bev. W. Dorsey, of Hutchison,charged with receiving stolen property waived examination and was heldtothe November grand jury in thesum of 300 bond.Sam Chenault, charged with chiokenstealing was held to the grand jury,in300 bond, and the case of John Jefferson, charged with the same offense,was dismissed.The case of Harry Barton, was continued until Wednesday.The trial of the three nergoes andDorsey was the result of the captureofjLawson Holman, a negro, of Hutchison, who was firei upon and woundedby Joe Jacoby while the negro wasin his chicken house, and later captured by Sheriff Thompson.At his examining trial a few daysago Holman, who was also held tohe grand juiy implicated ChenaultJeferson and Barton as being accomplices in the practice of stealing chickens and they disposed of the purloinedfowls to Dorsey. The arrest of Dorseyfollowed and he was placed under bondt ris spprsrance at the examiningt ii.1.PERSONAL MENTION. -Mr. Ossian Edwards is in Tennessee on a business, trip.Mrs. W. J. Clark wa3 in Maysvilleon business Wednesday.Mr, Monte Fox, of Danville, wasa visitor in Paris yesterday.Mayor John T. Hinton is in Huntington, W. Va., on a business trip.Eugene, son of Mr. and Mrs. F.S Elder, is ill with tjphoid fever.Mrs. Nannie Ransdell is seriouslyill at her home on Pleasant street.Mr. Ford Brent left yesterday forAtlantic City for a two weekB' stay.Miss May Ross, of Covintgon, isvisiting her sister, Mr3. P. A. Thompson. Dr. Kenney is confined to his homeon Mt. Airy avene with a slight illness. The condition of Leer Stout, whcsuffered a paralytic stroke, remainsunchanged.Miss Marian McCulloch, of Louisville, is the guest of Ur. and Mrs. C.J. Clarke.Mrs. Grover Baldwin is recoveringrapidly from her rei-.ent severe attackof typhoid fever.Mr. Harry Saloshin and MissGoldie Saloshin have returned from avisit in Cininnctai.Mrs. Luther Weeks, of Lafayette,Id., is visiting her mother, Mrs.Llara B. Matthews.Misses Ruth Morgan and BelleHorton are the puests of Miss JuliaDcdson in Maysville.Mr. Samuel Priee, of Cincinnati,formerly of Paris, is the guest of hiscousin, Mr. Wm. Shire.Mrs. W. L. Yerkes entertained theSix-Hand Euchre Club yesterday ather home on South Main street.Mr. John Redmon, who for somet me has been in ill health, has goneto Louisville to consult a specialist.Miss Freida Heller, who has beenv siting friends in Vanceburg, is theguest of Mrs. J. B. Orr in Maysville.Mr. and Mrs. Ullman Lancasterwill move to Middlesboro, whpre theformer has a position with the L . &N.Mrs. Ossian Edwards and Mrs.Bettie Mcllvaine are at GrahamSprings, Mercer county, for a weeks'stay.Mrs. J. D. Snowden and little Eonleft Tuesday for Los Angeles, Cal.,where Mr. Snowden is engaged inouhiness.Mr. and Mrs. H. V. Craiemyleanddaughter, of this city, were guestsWednesday of Mr. W. J. Craigmyle,in Cynthiana.Mrs. Wm. B. Woodford, who hasbeen at St. Joseph Hospital severalweeks under treatment will returnhome this week.Mr. Vernon Carapfcell, who hasbeen the guest of his aunt. Airs. J. P.Hutchcraft, has returned to his homein Kansas City.Miss Nellie Fithian who underwent an operation for appendicitis atSt. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, isimproving rapidly.Mr. Enoch Grehan, formerly newseditor of the Lexington Leader, was avisitor in Paris Tuesday and witnessedthe Paris-Lexington ball game.Misses Martha and VirginiaSmith, of Indianapolis, Ind., will arrivp today to be the guests of MissPatsy Clark at her home on Fifteenthstreet.Mrs. Ford Brent will be the guestof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. EdwardWallace, at Versailles during the absence of Mr.; Brent, who is at Atlantic City for a two weeks' stay.Mr. Wililam Woodford, of KansasCity, where he is in the law offica ofhis uncle, Mr. Joseph Brooks, formerly of Bourbon county, is visiting hisparents, Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Woodford. Mr. Charles Spears, of Paris, whounderwent an operation several daysago at Good Samaritan Hospital Lexington, is reported to be greatly improved and doing as wel as could beexpected.Miss Rebecca Redmon is entertaining the following house party ather home in the country: MissesHester Penn, Sarah Louise Bedford,Margaret Ardery. Sarah Thompsonand Sadie Aker, of Lexington." The Maysville Ledger says: 'Mr.Ward Nash, the stylish tonsorialartist, is down from Paris, where hehas a swell shop, to enjoy a few days'visit with his parents, .Mr. and Mrs.Jacob Nash, of East Second street.There are other attractions here, too."Mr. H. C. Nailer, of Indianapolis,who has been the guest of Mr. andMrs. O'. P. Carter, Jr., leaves tomorrow for his home, His two daughters,Misses Bessie and '.Lillian, also leavefor a visit to Mrs. O. S. Byrcn inAshland after a pleasant visit in Paris.. The ;ueorgetown Times says:"Miss Hanah Ferguson entertainedabout fifty guests very delightfully ateuchre Thursday afternoon at herhome nn East Main street. The houseI was nrfittilv decorated with ' nink ear-nations and ferns. An elaborate twocourse lunch was served and lemonadewith mint was enjoyed before thegame. The score was kept by Mrs.Tyson C. Bell, Mrs. Porter Grover andMiss Martha Ferguson, of Paris. MissLucille Allen won the first prize, a cutglass vase, also the lone hand prize, awater color which went to Mrs. R. H.Wolfe, she having the next highestscore. The consolation, an ivory stickfan, fell to Mrs. Joe Walker FhUey."Look in Our Display CaseFor a bargain. $2 panamas now selling at $1.48. This is the best panamaever sold at the price.J. W. DAVIS & CO.New Postal Depository.The Deposit Bank of this city, hasbeen appointed a depository for theUnited States Postal Savings Funds.This is quite a compliment and is afitting recognition of the long and conservative business career 'Of this institution.Dr. Keller Replies to Democrat-' Article. .The editorial in the Parjs Democratof July 16 is perhaps all right in spirit,yet is entirely misleading.The Paris Distilling Company hasnothing whatever to do with the badodor of the water recently noticed bythe citizens of -Paris, and comingthrough the filtration plant of theParis Water Company. ,This matter was suggested to theHealth Board during the latter part of.the winter, or early bpring, by theeditor of The Democrat. I immediately took up this subject and made a care-4ful examination of the Paris Distilling Company's plant, no part of whichwas overlooked.The only possible chance for a contamination of Stoner would have beenby a small stream running through theproperty and emptying into the formerstream near the Maysville bridge. Thislittle branch was the object of specialcare, having followed it from the distillery to its outlet. There was notevidence of any material, foul, orotherwise,being or having been carriedby it.The authorities there could have hadno knowledge of my visit, and hadthey, it would have been utterly impossible to have done away with plainevidence of neglect or wilful carelessness. At the same time, I visited the hollow ground about the plant, on theHinton farm, where the excrementfrom several hundred cattle was deposited Within two large naturalbasins only the liquid part of this wastewas thrown, it being carefully separated from the solid which was scatteredabout the farm, there to become part ofthe soil and inert. It has been contended that these basins are connectedeach with the other. They certainlyare not visibly so connected; personalinspection indicating to the contrary.If there is a subterranean route itsmost probable outlet would be in theimmediate neighborhood of the Maysville bridge, the general topography ofthe ground leading to such conclusions,and this, too, one mile below the filtration plant.I give it, then, as my opinion, thatthat there is no connection whateverbetween these two pools of effete stuffand Stoner, much less even a possibility of coming in touch with the filterplant.I personally followed and carefullyinspected the left bank of Stoner forhalf mile above the bridge and to thedam below, where if there was possibility of pollution, it might have beenexpected. Not one thing was found toconvince me that pollution came fromthis source Then, too, the odor gotteninto the water pipes was not such asmight have been expected had theabove been the cause.These statements, I think, shoulddisabuse the minds of the public thatthere is any danger from the Paris Distilling Company's plant. However, theState Sanitary engineer will visit Parisduring the summer and go over thisproperty, the Water Works Company'splant, and all other matters properlycoming under the supervision of thelocal and State Health Boards.Here, too, I desire to say, that aftershutting down the Paris Distilling plant,I made two or three visits with theCounty Health Officer, and together,we suggested that large quantities oflime, copperas, etc., be used, and theywere freely used, not only on all effeteproducts, but upon the premises gener-iy.As to the delinquency of the ParisWater Works plant, I am not entirelyprepared to say. I do know, however,that just as soon as the Superintendent s attention was called to the malodorous condition of the water over thecity generally, he immediately had allthe filters emptied, cleansed and properly refilled with fine crushed rock, sandand gravel, such material as is ordinarily used in all well regulated filtrationplants.As Secretaiy of the Health Board,I am free to admit that my knowledgeof a filter plant is an imperfect one;my connection with it being so limited.As said in a former communication, thebad odor of the Paris water supply wasmost likely caused by excessive heat,low water, vegetable decay, and highwater in some of the streams tributaryto Stoner; and now, that this matterhas had time to settle, you will noticethe absence of all bad odor.It will be strongly urged on the ParisWater Works Company to keep onhand in the future neccessary sand,rock and gravel, and to clean filters,refill with fresh sand, etc., as often asrequired under the local and state boardregulations.The local Board of Health wishes itdistinctly understood that no interest,foreign or domestic, will be for an instant tolerated if guilty of disobeyingits laws.No favorites are played here.Respectfully,A. H. KELLER,Health Officer.m (Special Prices.Mattings.rugs and carpets at specialprices atJ. T. INTONS'.For Sale Privately.I will sell privately all of my household and kitchen furniture. Everything is first class and can be sepn atmy home on Ferguson street. " Homephone 411.MRS. ULLMAN LANCASTER.Garth Fund Notice!Notice is herebv ffiven that, nrpspnf,beneficiaries of the Garth Fund willbe examined at the. Court House, atParis,. Wednesday, July 26,at 9 o'clock a. m. -New applicantswill be examined at the same place,Thursday, July 27,at the same hour.E. Mi DICKSON,21-2tChairman.Assessment ConfirmedYesterday in county court the assessment of the property of the JuliusKessler Co., known as the Paris Distilling Co., as raised by the btateBoard of Tax Supervisors, was sustained by Judge Denis Dundon. Thecase was an appeal from the action ofthe State Board., The valualnn ofthe property was given in as.$38,500andstrreiamount raised to $50,000.Fine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best businessproposition in Pari?. Best cash busifness in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.LOSTPocket knife, Shriners' emblems onhandle. Finder return to this officeand receive reward.COAT FOUND.A coat was foundJIrecently at . theball park. Owner can have same byproving property and paying for thisadvertisement.On Fifth street lady's long, blacksilk glove. Owner can have same byapplyirg at the News office and payingfor advertising. 21 2tAdministrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. "Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properly proven according to law and filed witn theundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmSpecial Excursion to Norfolk,Va., Old Point Comfort, Va.and Virginia Beach, Va. InConnection With C. 4 0. Ry.Special excursion via Queen &Crescent Route in connection with C.& O. Ry. July 22 3911 to Norfolk, Va.Old Point Conmfort, Va. and VirginiaBeach, Va. The round trip fare willbe $13.50 from Leyington. Final limitto return until August 5, 1911.For full information call on anyTicket Agent or address18 2t W.A. BECKLER,General Passenger Agent,Cincinnati Ohio.VERY SPECIALComI will sell you LAWN andbeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKSJ. T.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 2; J. B. Dempsy, "pome 'Phone 286.XIWe Will Offer This WeekALL WASH GOODS, MUSSED UNDERMUSLINS,REMNANTS, SHIRT WAISTS, Etc.AT BIG REDUCTIONSpecial. For75c Pure Silk Hose50c Pure Silk HoseCome, They Willi W. EdFee's CashFor This WeekWhite Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips 12 1-2 per lb"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5e1 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can 5c"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, Californiapack, 2 1-2 lb. cans. 15c"Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only." 60c8 bars Lenox Soap for .;'. 25c6 bars of Ivory Soap foe . 25cFresh Pies, Cakes and Bread daily.iFEE'SLI HAVE SOMETO OFFER YOU ONandGetWALL PAPER.PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in pricesHIHSTTOIN"ImThis Week49c.-..39cNot Last LongTucker iISpecials.IIIPRICESCarpets,MattinandRugs,Themt i- - sm U5. -MTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUJ.Y 21, 1911.Solves a Deep Mystery.I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart," wrote C. B. Rader,of Lewisburg, W. Va., "for the wonderful double benefit I got from Electric Bitters, in curing me of both asevere case of stomach trouble andof rheumatism, from which T hadbeen an almost helpless sufferer forten years. It suited my case as thoughmade just for me." For dyspepsia,indigestion, jaundice and to rid thepvstem of kidney poisons that causerheumatism, Electric Bitters has ncequal. Try them. Every bottle isbottle is guaranteed to satisfy. OnlyCOc at Oberdorfer's.Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.Death in Roaring Fire.may not result from the work of firebugs, but often severe burns arecaused that make a quick need forBucklen's Arnica Salve, the quickest,surest cure for burns, wounds, bruisesboils, sores. It subdues inflammation.It kills pain. It soothes and heals.Drives off skin eruptions, ulcers orpiles. Only 25c at Oberdorfer'srmiuargoien s.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other diseases put together, and until the lastlew -years was supposed to be incurable. For a great many years doctorspronounced it to be a local diseaseand prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Science has proven catarrh to be aconstitutional disease and thereforerequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufacturedby F, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is the only constitutional cure on themarket, it is tanen incernaiiy indoses from 10 drops to a teaspoonful.It acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. Theyoffer one hundred dollars for any caseit fails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take HalPs Family Pills for constipation.The Real Good FarmerMcCormick Mower. The Best in the World.d. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE: See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. IiiiiMiri IHe Didn't Push.There are some queer men in thisworld. Near Bristol, England, a fewweeks ago, a tall chimney of a factorytumbled down, in a gale of wind,, andyet the owner of the factory had aboy thirteen years old arrested forpushing it over to spite him. It wassworn in court that the combinedstrength of 500 men would have beenrequired.THE-Saves two Lives."Neither my sister nor myself mightbe living today, if it had not been forDr. King's New Discovery, "writes A.D. McDonald, of Fayetteville, N. C,R. F. D. No. 8, "for we both hadfrightful coughs that no other remedycould help. We were told my sisterhad consumption. She was veryweak and had night sweats but yourwonderful medicine completely curedus both. It's the best I ever used orheord of." For sore lungs, coughs,colds, hemorrhage, lagrippe, asthma,Lhay fever, croup, whooping cough, allbronchial troubles, its supreme. Trialbottle free. 50c and $1. Guaranteedby Oberdoefer.MillersourgMilitarymsliluteThe Millersburg Militatv Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hot water heat and electric lights. Atnleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky-StateUniversity gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year for board,tuition and general laundry."Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Never Again for Willie.Sunday School Teacher If you area good boy, Willie, you will go toheaven and have a gold crown onyour head. Willie Not for mine,then. I had one of them things puton a tooth once. Puck.Opens September 13C. M. BEST, Principal,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.Bloodino Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen, Gaffney.S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much goodBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.1 M66t US F966 to Fa66! jMinand we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (Clothes, Beautiful) . We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats:Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat. in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.Twin BroiLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.W. T. Brooks, Agent.wM-mmmm AhnOUIlCB 1116111OrAA 5S!J I I have locatpd in Paris for the purrlSl S pose of conducting a generali UUU m confcraefcingandpit3&$t 1 1 u..:i,j . f- . n-1 nave oeeil u. uuuuet iui mc yaai1 twenty years, and can handle yourj buildings, large or small. I will bej glad to furnish you estimates on short'notice. The best of references fur1 nished. Call on me at FordhamI Hotel, or call up Home hone 37, .EastTenn. phone 128-2.H V IIEaJ i Cffllin spring and summer, it'sthe natural time to store uphealth and vitality for theyear. JScott's Emulsionis Nature's best and quickest help. All DruggistsProfessional CardsJ J. WHjIjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander fi Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andlightning.:our patronage solicited.Jlnnk LangbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.East Tenn. Pho.e 669DR. A. B KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - Kentuckyugl6tfSf4fvHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.FOR SALE.National Cash Register, latestpatern. Will sell cheap for cash.Call phone 728 E. T., or address undersigned. FRENCH THOMPSON,3t Paris, Ky.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing theK worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Qa. Describe your trouble,and free medical advice given.Sold by Varden &Son.'Klnnrllnn Rlrtrtd JVTld KidtieVTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen:- , . ., , .Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendXUUICI Hu"r"J. , ... ... 11,Yours truly, l nomas 1 ayior, uama, mW. T. Brooks, Agent.Let us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.menDruggist,.II Attend p'1 Twin Bros, jsgss Mwaw jruiv. sisVadeo&Son . i&V rtJ S Zt ITS H H IJ 1 V I 1 Xjj TWIn! BROS. j Mgj Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and Main ftgprSDR. 1 Paris Kentucky fv&zh &N5MVai,VBMMMBi.B-Mi'i'Ki'aisB,Mi,"ua,Bai,MiiaBaaan,a'aaMHMaainniaa'a''.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-Jkf It's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It's made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amal-gamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy. mAMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, I1L7 .:Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to ee you.Paris Lumber & M'f 'q Company,IncorporatedYard at Office, 115th and Main Sts.PARIS, KY,iHome Phone 12; C. T, 530.iITHE BOURBON ' NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 21, 1911SALE BEGINS SATURDAY, JULY 22D25 Per Cent. Off on AH Men and Boys' SuitsPer Cent. Off on All Straw Hats25 Per Cent. Off on All Dress Shirts25 Per Cent. Off on All Stiff and Soft HatsIEXTRA SPECIALOne Lot of Men's B'albriggan Underwear all sizes, while they last at onlyOne Lot of Men's 15c Half Hose all Shades and Colors, at only" ?Jv.15c10cYou are all acquainted of the good values and ourregular prices. You can easily figure out how muchyou can save now.SALS EIJD8 SflTlipAlJ, JULl 29BENNIE WEISSBERGHOME FOR BETTER CLOTHES' 426 MAIN ST. - PARIS, KY.K KVrmMsr-mVUWffMSSt3 Kw ttti rtrEET. between 5tn and 6tl1 st8 "F,Regu!arGraduateinHedlclne-0ver20Years'PractIce-0verl8YrsinC!ncinnatI2Mft Chronic, Nervousspeciai uiseasesj- . -. Wlf Will HConsultation t&S3iJt&m IndlSSuSTiBd exceSSe8-perma-CPPp BOOK to??f.t;weStinoldtoyou. Book sent eealed in plainP K CiCi Bll -wrapper-free by mail or at office. 'BITE TO-OAY TO GEHCVATFII OI.D BEIIABLE SPECIALIST TO MEN.FREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEOne of the most remarkable proofsof the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men andwomen of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of -constipation andbowel trouble in old ipeople it Jias noequal. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to talce Br, Caldwell'sSyrup Pepsin. You can prolong yourlife by healthy bowel action. Cloggedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor.Address him Dr. W. & Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, &fbgticellfl, ill.The Medicine Bottle.In order to avert the most seriousthing of having a child take the wrongmedicine, mothers should adhere to thefollowing rules:Never give medicine in the dark.Always read the label on the bottle.Never go by the color of the medi"When the bottle is refilled see that Lthe label reads clear.Keep poisons locked up.Keep all bottles locked up in a drawer or medicine chestMistakes of giving children carbolicacid and such like poisons in the nighttime make it imperative that mothersstudy and adhere to these rules, forsometimes such inadvertent mistakesbring about terrible conclusions. Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.In an English Hotel.Proprietor (addressing porter) Wasthe American pleased with his room,William? r 1William Now, I wouldn't hexactlys'y that, sir. 'B looked as if there! might be something that wasn't just to'is liking, but I gathered from 'is remarks that 'e found it hunusually comfortable. Proprietor Well, what did he sayabout' it?William 'B said it was cowlder thoj'ell, sir. Judge.WOODNEW CENTURY BINDERWALTERHHA Wiseacre.Tommy What is an acre, dad?"Four roods.""What is a rood, dad?""Forty square rods, poles or perches.""What is a wiseacre, dad?""One who keeps a spare rod, pole orperch to apply to a boy who asks useless questions. Fetch me my cane!"I London Answers.This binder has a world-widereputation. In every raingrowing country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features tnatappeal most to its usersare : lightness of draft:Jiandmess of operation;durability of construction; ability to do perfect work in any kindof grain; accuracy andsure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, andnow give it itsmost successfulone a uinder thatiNOTMADE BY.ATRUSTwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on princioles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whicubinder to buy.Drop us a card"Thm RaxtW fodav ask forVW" CatalogOff the Line."What became of Buts' educatedgoat?""He had to dispose of it""What was the trouble?""The neighbors thought the goat waslearning too many human accomplishments, and there was a crisis when thennimal began to take in washing."Augusta Herald.Evidence."Was your husband a bear in Wallstreet?""I think so," replied young Mrs. Torkins. . "He certainly acted like onewhen he got home." Was hiugton Star.A Young Cynic.Tom They say that every womanis beautiful in some one's eyes. Doyou believe it? Jack Certainly, ifi you include her own. Boston Tran-cnpt.YEBKES.& KENNEY.Grandeur has a heavy tax-to pay.Alexander SmithyTwo Sides to a Crime.It Is all part of our tendency to bekind and considerate to lawbreakers;tc think of the family of the man whohs killed somebody instead of considering the family of his victim; to laystress on the devotion of the relativesof the man who has looted a bank,rather than to take into account thebroken depositors and their sharp sufferings. Hence the 'general approvalof the fantastic extension of the pardoning power, which -meets with noreal, sane disapproval. New YorkEvening Sun.Wanted the Saliva.A woman living jn a small townnear 'Butte, Mont., purchased from anart dealer there a water-color outfit,with printed directions for its use.These directions included, among other things, instructions to moisten thebrushes for the first time with saliva.In a day or two the dealer receivedthe following note: "Dear Sir Theoutfit is complete as ordered, exceptthe saliva. Yours truly, Mrs. Blank."Ink Stains.I accidentally spilled a bottle of inkon a fine lunch cloth, and after usinglemons, butter and vinegar could notremove the stain. I then tried peroxide of hydrogen, putting a ten-centbottle into a pail of cold water, put inthe lunch cloth, and let it boil untilevery trace of the stain was removed.This is a sure way of removing inkEtains. Exchange.Her Countenance."Miss Wadsleigh seems to havesuch a mobile countenance," saidMrs. Cldcastle. "Mobile!" her hostess replied, as she glanced at herbox tickets for the opera, "I thoughtit was at Biloxi where she got it."His Amusements."When I go to a theater," said thecynical boarder, "I prefer a seat inthe first balcony. If the play is of noaccount I can amuse myself by studying and comparing the shapes of themen's heads down below."Who Ever Did?It is a goodly thing to die with theblessed consciousness of never having taken advantage of another's infirmity, or poverty, or ignorance.Henri Perreyve.Trunk Coverings of Sealskin.The skin of the common harbor ormarble seal is still used to some extentin Norway for trunk coverings. Thisseal is also found on the coasts of theUnited States, especially on the Pacific side.Derivation of Aluminum.Aluminum derives its name fromthe word, "alumen," given by earlyscientists to earthly substances whichthey could not otherwise identify.Anticipation Is Worst.It is better to suffer and have itover than to fear.Life.Life Is extraordinarily Interesting.It is a splendid thing to be born; itis a splendid thing to live. The Bishop of Southwell.Have the Same Qualities.Bananas and potatoes are very much,alike in chemical composition.TOVTKVi--Bio 0 d i n e)WeKhowBLOODINE-Will Help YouTo Regain Your Strtotftlt" "and Energy."Report of the He Phyaiotaa toa Leading New York Hoitl 'y3 on the Cur of Catarrh."A few years ago we considered thafcwe were aoinff well if we cured tenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us.. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and TJretha, Catarrh of the large mtestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelriaCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andNrCatarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, trives new enererv. new life.new blood and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is ft powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic 'stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other danger;ous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanent;i relief or cure the cause of your disase.: "Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplyaiew, rich red blood to the whole body,' FREE - To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODDTB we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents ia Silver or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodine Cobpobjltion, Boston, HaatvFor Sale by W. T. BrooksifSiKffi GREATEST REMEOnj RHTto theeofauW DISEASES ARISlNCFEOttJia (!f WPUSE BtOODjT "1 1fr :3SL-4i21 ITCIVES NEW LIFE .ANDI STRENGTH TO ELDERLY. IV 1 E!m4m a cut (U ami h(!uU , BVJ 11,1 ok. rf KIDNEY. LIVER .WBIAD. I,; JtA.Vi D DISEASE CATARRH.. i lb f ZI Ml ASTHMA. RHEUMATISM. If LJi GOUT. LA GRIPPE. CON.Jf J. M1 4 I JUH?TK5N. DYSPEPSIA. , JFIliV CONSTIPATION. HEAKTJJ ' ?Jt DISEASE. MALARIA, ftgi. MW NERVOUS DEBIUTY.i?!'!0 t.THE BLOODINE CO-M V7 OiMft BOfTON. KA1S.1M ,1 AA V& W W' HEW VORICjfl BERUVXW I L1CSfewSBSfcamiVrl "Af '4ii.irH11 '.1riI1 1IK1k.. iIMI1'i-VC- , n . f.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 21, 1911.ii i " , tsC3Lj000HM0tfJ0Simon's Department Store' Pvblic SaleNOW AT IT'S BEST.,The generous response to this colossal Sale has been more than gratifying. The store has been daily crowdedto its utmost capacity from earlv morn till closing time. The people in Paris and Surrounding territory know whenSimon has a Sale, it is a sale far different than ordinary sales this is to your advantage. The largest stock in town toselect from. The cleanest, newest and most up-todate. The courteous treatment you receive here, and last but notleast the money saving opportunity that now presents itself. You cannot miss this Public Sale if you are economicallyinclined.Read These Prices Good For Weak EyesMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Ladies' Summer Vests, lace and openwork, worth 20c 8cExtra good quality Corset Coversneatly trimmed, worth 35c I9cMuslin Drawers, tucked, worth 35c,now for 19cTrimmed Muslin Drawers, worth75c. now at 33cMuslin Skirts worth $1.25 79cMuslin Skirts, three rows of lace, sellat $2.00, now for 98cMuslin Gowns, worth $2 89cExtra fine lot of Underskirts, worth upto $2, now at 95cDry GoodsLinen Suitings, worth 20c 8cBest standard Calico, only ... .4cFlannelettes, 36 inches wide, only 8cCurtain Goods, only 11 l2cHuck Towels, worth 15c 8cTable Linenes, worth 75c 39cRegular $1.50 Waists 79cRegular $2.50 Waists $1. 19Regular $3.00 Waists $1.85Regular $4.00 Waists .$2.79SkirtsComplete line of up-to-date ManTailored Skirts in all the wanted stylesand colors.$7.00 Skirts. , $3.69$10:00 Skirts $4.85$12.50 Skirts $6.45$15. 00 Skirts $7.95ShoesLadies' Oxfords, $3 values $1.95Ladies' Shoes and Oxfords, $4 values,at $2.39Misses' Shoes , ... .$1.19Misses' Oxfords $1.29Entire stock on sale. Nothing reservedKMMiHKinnraMnoimnaniMMiHUHiHMi mmmtamvmPetticoatsPetticoats, worth 75c at 39cPetticoats, worth $1.25, at 79cComplete line of up-to-date WashDresses, Wash Suits, Silk Dresses,Kimonas, Children's and Infants'white and colored dresses at less thanactual cost of production.HandkerchiefsChildren's 5c Handkerchiefs 2cLadies' 10c Handkerchiefs 3c' "" Silks ' "Entire stock must go prices madeto do it. Not a yard to remain.Ladies' Lisle Hose, worth 35c a pair,marked now at 19cLadies' heavy fast black Hose, 20cvalues, per pair now 9cLadies' Lace and Silk EmbroideredHose, per pair now 33c3rePC3S-VOCOscsDepartment Store,Paris, Ky,9 WKB &9SBSMS3B &flHHHHm flflHP 0 fBHHMHiB 9HHHH19 9HHHHHB QH9 A .vA GREAT SUCCESS! fij9" -We were crowded to ,theLimit on the opening-of ourGREAT MARKDOWNSALE1Hundreds of -eager buyers .? ;took '-adtsantaffe of this sale :&io -but tes' at .less thanrr" cost of- manufactureWEMUST UNLOADiHBHHHMIIIHt - Ye liave marked down "our entire stock of sum-v. mer Footwear for quick ,selling., Come today prepared to buy Bargains. .never heard of before inthis city.All alk0ver Oxfords at Cut Pricesm& . O n,arnes Mqsz cjandJumiTt cmiib jm. uwujiMimvmMmvrwnSuperior Portland Cement carrie'.the most sand, because it is grounathe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. . It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cinchmu!?, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Big Canning Plant Ready.The big canning plant which hasbeen installed at Abner's Mills,Nicholas county, will soon be readyfor operation, and the canning of tomatoes will begin as soon as they begin to ripen in large quantities. Thecannery has a capacity of 4,000 cansdaily.Taking on Weight.Though the earth is adding 100 tonsof meteoric dust and cosmic matterto itself every day, it will take aboutone billion years for it to accumulataa uniform layer one inch thick.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEDAN336 Main StreetCOHENParis, Kentucky.At The Big Oeclric Sign.JGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars., but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczema'and all other serious skin diseases, .jthat its value is aometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, black-' heads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thej,very root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Winter-green, Thymol and other ingredientsare so 'carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy rfor every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of tnisgroat remedy.G. S. Var&m & Son. - 'Mra. E.M. Ingles is visiting friendsat Midway.Miss Virginia Hutchcraft is visitingfriends at Wilmore.Mrs. G. X;. Hill spent Wednesdaywith relatives in Gynthiana.Mrs. Harmon Stittt of Paris, wasthe guest of Miss Lanriie Layson Tuesday. 1VT ice Anna Pnnmow iiMiirjr1 lMnrirlawililOJ 4nillC VUUTTUJ AbUllJLU mUIJUHJafter a month's visit to relatives atParis.Mr. J. P. 'Auxier opened his storein Judyville Monday and had a gocdday's business.Mrs. G. W. Judy left Tuesday for aprotracted visit to friends at Lexington and Eminence.Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Taylor will return this evening after havingSexplored Mammoth'Cave.Mrs. J. M. Newman and children, ofElk City, Okla.. are guests of Mr. andMrs. Aaron McConnell.Mrs. H, H. Harris, of Beattyville.arrived Tuesday as the guest of hersister, Mrs. W. G. Daily.Messrs. J. S. Clark and J. F. Caldwell left Wednesday for a two weeks'sojourn at Swango Springs.Miss Curlie Insko returned Saturdayafter a week's visit to her cousin, Mrs.J. N. Gregory, at Moorefield.Mrs. J. P. Auxier and children returned Saturday after a three weeks'visit to relatives in Georgetown.Dr. Floyd Long left Tuesday for anextended tour of Canada, YellowstonePark and the State of Washington.Col. C. M. Best left Tuesday for abusiness trip to Mason and Brackencounties in the interest of M. M. I.Kev. Stackhouse, pastor of theBaptist church here, who resides atLexington is spending the week withfriends here.Mr. Earl Lynch returned Mondayafter an extended visit to relatives atWaddy, Springfield and other SouthernKentucky points.Mr. Edgar Collins left Tuesday forLatonia where he has accepted a ou-sition with the Western Union Telegraph Company.Mr. and Mrs. Russell.Tarr and sistor, Miss Crowell, of Tampa, Fla., arrived Monday as guests of Col. andMrs. C. M. Best.Mesdames S. M. Allen and children,O. W. Ingles, J. M. Alverson andMaster J. B. Marcum spent Tuesdayand Wednesday in Cincinnati.Mr. George Vimont, of Lexington,is the guest ot his sister, Mrs. J. C.Layson, during the absence of 'Mr.Layson, at Swango Springs.Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper and littledaughter, Christine Pepper, wereguests Tuesday of Mr. and Mrs. Clifton Blacker by at Paris.President C. C. Fisher of the M. F.C. has purchased a handsome automobile thrqugh the Blue Grass Auto Co.,of Lexington, and it will arrive nextweek.Mr. George Mitchell and granddaughter, Miss Edna Mitchell unitedwith the Christian church Sundaymorning and were btptized in Hinkston Sunday afternoon.Mr. T. J. Prather returned Tuesdayfrom Okolona, Miss., where he hasbeen prospecting. He is much pleased with the country and may makesome investments there.Mrs. Maltie Hawes and son, Mr.James Hawes, returned Tuesday fromChicago, where Mr. Hawes has beenunder the treatment of a specialist forseveral weeks. He is much improved.Mr. J. H. Burroughs i3 taking a-twoweeks' vacation from his duties at theFarmers Bank and will spend thegreater part of hia time at the homeof his father, Mr. William Burroughs.Miss Kizzie May McDaniel left Wednesday for a visit to friends at Cynthiana. She was accompanied by hermother, Mrs. J. F. McDaniel, brother,Mr. Richard McDaniel, and aunt, Mrs.Shepherd, for the day.PRIVATE SALE DURING MONTHOF JULY. Of household and kitchenfurniture. Bedding, linen, carpets,rugs, pictures, plated ware, china,glass and crockery.MISS L. A. WARFORD,14 3t Main Street Millersburg ,Ky-Preisdent C. C. Fisher, of the M. F.C , left Tuesday for Eastern Kentuckyand Virignia in the interest of the college. Vice Preisdent G. P. Fisher,left Wednesday for Mason, Robertsonand Bracken counties in the interestof the institute.Prof. W. Y. Demoree, of Louisville,who was-connected with the KentuckyWesleyan College in its latter days atMillersburg was here Monday shakinghands with old firends. He was metby his niece, Mrs. Calla Throckmorton, of Mt. Olivet. After spendingthe day here he returned with herhomeA small blaze was discovreed Wednesday morning at 9 :30 o'clock on theroof of the residence of Mrs. Mary'Payne. The fire originated from a defective flue. It was soon under control. No damage was done except asmall place burned in the roof. Afew weeks ago , the building wasthreatened from the same flue.The Womans Missionary Society of!the Methodist church held its meetingon the M. F. C. lawn Tuesday afternoon beginning at 4 o clock. It wasan interesting meeting and the greaterp'art of the members were present.Interesting talks were made by Miss'Lottie Vimont, of Des Moines, Iowa,on "Mission Work in South America"anc1 Miss Louie Bruer, of Paris, on the"Home Mission Work." Ices andcakes were served during the afternoon. The many friends of Mr. T. D. Judywill regret to learn that he is not sowell. Wednesday he underwent anoperation at the home of his brother-in-law.Dr. S. H. iCrayton at Indianapolis. The trouble with his head hasbeen growing more serious ever Jsincehe left home. Feur specialists werewith him during the operation. He is"now doing nicely. ,It waSriateS learned theccndl'tin of-sr- '. -. , -Mr. Judy was more serious than firstexpected at the first operation and fcewas taken to a hospital in Indianapolisyesterday where a second operationwill be performed in the hope of locating the seat of the trouble whichthe first operation failed to disclose.FOR SALE. - One 'second handbuggy. v21 'It PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mr. J. E. Caldwell is spending afew days with relatives at Northuiiuuieiuwii.Mrs. Ed Dorian, of Memphis, Tenn.,arrived Wednesday as the guest of herfather, Mr. J. G. Allen.Plenty of nice rye for sale21 2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. R. L. Wilson and little daughter, Alita. returned Wednesday after a 'weeks' visit with relatives at WaldenInd.The remains of the infant of Mrand Mrs. W. G. Chanslor, residing atLittle Rock, were interred in theMillersburg cemetery Wednesdayafternoon.Quite a number from here "attendedthe funeral of Mrs. B. F. King at Carlisle Thursday afternoon. Mrs Kingwas the wife of Elder B. F. King,pastor of the Christian church at Glascow and some years ago was pastor ofthe church here. Prior to this he served the church at Carlisle and duringtheir sojourn in Carlisle and Millers-,burg made many lasting friends. Sinceleaving here they have made annualvisits to this place. Mrs. King hadbeen an invalid for several years, andpassed away Tuesday in a hospital- atNashville, Tenn. The deceased madeall of ber funeral arrangements andrequested that she be buried at Car-lisle, and had the officers of the Chris- 'tian church at Millersburg act as pallbearers.Drought Becoming Serioiis.Alarming conditions prevail in Bourbon county as a result of the drought?Corn and tobacco are suffering andVegetation of all kinds is perishing forwant of rain. A lack of moisture isgreatly damaging fruit. Stock water,too, is becoming very scarce.Burley Tobacco 61 Per Cent thisYear. jThe Department of Agriculture'3report on the condition of tobaccoshows that for the Burley district thepercentage of last year's acreage 1361, a total of 186,000 pounds.The condition in 1911 is 70, for 191084, for 1909, 94. The total acreage inKentucky is 310.500. tffi 'nPr nnf fj last year. -,Other ditricts range from 60 to. 70iper cent in condition.Has Six Appointments.Miss Mabel Robbins, County SchoolSuperintendent, has six appointmentsto the State University at her disposal, which will be given to thoseyoung men or women who desiie toavail themselves of this splendidopportunity to take a college courseabsolutely free. The students whowould receive these appointmentswould be at no expense except forbooks and Board, everything else,tuition fees, lodging and laboratoryfees, etc., being furnished withoutprice. Miss Robbins will gladly givenecessary information to applicants.RELIGIOUS.- Dr. B. M. Shive will preach at1Hopewell church Sunday afternoon at3 o'clock.At the Baptist church next Sundaymorning Rev. E. M. Lightfoot willoccupy his pupljt at 10:45. No night,service.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inhis pulpit Sunday morning at theChristian church. Union services atnight by Rev. Eberhardt.Rev. Dr. F. W. Eberhardt willpreach at the Union service in Christian church Sunuay night. Dr. Eberhardt is well known to many cf ourpeople and all will be delightel tohear him.Low Prices.Wall paper at big reductions atJ. T. HINTON'S.Bourbon Regent Sold.W. O. Carrick, of Scott county, soldhis good bay gelding Bourbon Regentto Otto Zahn, of Memphis, Tenn.This horse was shown last year as athree-year-old and was a prominentwinner at all the fairs and at the Illinois State Fair where he was exhibited by Ball Bros. He is by BourbonKing out of Zelmahy Highland Denmark" and second dam by ChesterDare. He is .one of the handsomestand best mannered geldings, that everleft Kentucky and is sure to give hisnew owner satisfaction.Highly Qualified.The D'anvill Adocate says : "Hon.Robert L. Stout, Circuit Judge of theBourbon. Scott, Franklin and Woodford District, was in the city todaymingling with many friends. He 13one of the finest men as well as one ofthe best Circuit Judges in the btate ofKentucky and some of these days hisadmirers in. this district will have thepleasure and honor of vntinp far himfor the Appellate bench, a position heis eminently qualihed in every way tonil."Population Center Moving West 'ward.The center of population of theUnited States is four and one-quartermiles south of Unionville, Monroecounty, Ind., according to a CensusBureau announcement. Since -1900.when it was Fix miles southeast ofColumbus, Ind , it has moved thirtyone miles westward and seven-tenthsof a mile northward. The westwardmovement was more than twict thatof the 1890-1900 decade. This accpleration of the westward movement isattributed by census officials principally to the growth of the Pacific andSouthwestern States.The geographical center of the Unit-Art SsfQoa la in Invfliavn TTannnr ... - 'ihat th ppnp nf nnnnlaHnn thorn. -jfore. is about 550 miles prst of thaJ.geographical center cf the country? ".V.I1- r .n- ?