.-- r-k , ,V '7J -& 9k T - j ,1THE BOURBON NEWS. -fItPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAS.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1911.NUMBER 36!MMMMWHWMaBMMWWWBWHBMBMBWBBMMMMMIMBBMIBMWWIM'iiBBWWMBMJInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfH 4K BBfc EZiEZSZEz BUBMBMMM fj ftBBHSeed Sweetibb iPntainfifiWNHVIR Ir : .GenuineBourbon Jury is Dismissed.After deliberating from Saturdayafternoon until Tuesday evening at 6o'clock.the jury summoned trom Bour-ibon county to try Wm. Frazier, charg-'ed with rape, in the Scott Circui 'Court, reported to Judge Carmackthey were unable to reach an agreement and were dismissed by the court.The case had become well-known inI Scot county and it was impussibla tosecure a jury resulting in a venire being summoned from Bourbon. It wasunuersicca that wnile all twelve wereunanimous in their verdict of thenegro's guilt, only eight would signi the death sentence. Fraizer on a previous trial was sentenced to be electrocuted, and the Court of Appeals levcrsed the C3se on a technicality.Chinamel.Your housecleaning will not be completed without the use of Chinamel onthese old floors.VARDEN & SON..Strausburg,Red Bermuda,FOR SALE.j gL One first-class upright piano. Guar-iOlltheifll VjUeeil anteed to have been used only three! weeks. Will sell at a bargain. Ap-12 3tOrder Quick, as They Will , jIy at this mce-Not Last Long.Man Howard.FOR RENT.iI Modern cottage on Scott Avenue.Five roms, bath, electric lights and1 gas. Call East Tennessee phone 591.S-r-r-wCHEER UP!a.wlS-nrnsj'T' woppv taThe hard times and high prices are over. Buy from gus and you will spend less and eat more than you (fj)could a year ago.staStandard Granulated Sugar, 19 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12White Bacon, per pound 10Country Bacon, per pound . 14Sliced English Cured Bacon, per pound -.20Sliced Breakfast Bacon, per pound 24Small Hams, per pound 12 1-2Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch. 3 boxes 103-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25California Table Peaches, 2 cans 35Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Navy Beans, 3 quarts 25Prunes, per pond 10Fancy Apricots, evaporated, per pound 15Rolled Oats, 2 boxes 15New York Cream Cheese, per pound 20Standard" Coal Oil, per gallon 10. THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55The Grocery Store of Quality,T. C. LEIM1HAN, Prop.Both Phones 234ftAs$ass(Usw"sAS(Usw-fc.....-......g.gV 'g'C:...'C''"r-''w?ASJiSiXtf&1fIWm33?nwThe "Secret Service" ofjiJeigh-flrt" SuitEighty-five per cent, of the style of a garment is contributed by the tailoring fifteenper cent, comes from the designing,FACT!sate.3Hfe1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.4 Linen canvas stays, coldwater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.6 All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttoas shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps."8 Edging silk st titchedbyhand.9 Every tailor a '-bench-bred"custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines, noskimping or schamping.When you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getii.T z-u -u. o;ji nnrl the wonr that come from theVlpS finest materials procurably right through and time-taking3fs& hand tailoring all through $18 to $32 50,Price &;Co.,Clothiers.JohnW. Wright, Jr., Suicides.John W. Wright, Jr., aged 31 years,committed suicide yesterday afternoonat the home of his father on the Humeand Bedford pike by blowing out hisbrains with a shotgun..Wright was in town Wednesdaymorning, and is said to have beendrinking. He made several unsuccessful attempts to secure a loan of somemoney. It is said he made the remarkto a friend that unless he could securemoney, he would kill himself.Yesterday morning he returned tohis home and was seen to enter astable a short distance from the houseabout L o'clock. Wright had takenwith him a horse blanket which hespread upon the floor and lying upon itha placsd the muzzle of a double-barrelshotgun to his head and the supposition is, pulled the trigger with his1-sft hand.Ihe cnarge took effect in the leftside of his head, tearing away the topof his head. Coroner Rudolph Daviswas telephoned for and visited thescene, where he held the inquest.His parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Vrighi were in Martinsville, Ind.,and wtro telegraphed immediately oftheir son's death.Besides his parents, Wright is survived by two sisters, Mrs. NuomaSmith, and Miss Anna Wright, of thiscounty, and a brother, Mr. FrankWright, of WinchesterThe Coroner's jury returned the following verdict:We, tnc jury, find the body beforeus to be John W. Wright, Ji, and thathe came to his death by a shotgunwound, fired by his own handH. L. BALDWIN,RICHARD WATSON,CLAUDE TOBIN,UOFF BERRY.WM. HANNIGAN,W. K. DUDLEY.r"Wc Know How."Children's Chapter Organized.At a recent meeting of the RichardHawes Chapter Unitad Daughters ofthe Confederacy, a children's chapterwas organized which will be known asthe Hamilton Guarrds. The chapterwas organized with a membership offourteen, and is composed of thegranddaughters and grandsons of Confederate soldiers.One of the most enjoayble events ofthe meeting was the recitation ofLongfellow's 4'Psalm of Lite." bylittle Miss Josephine Ewalt, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Ewalt.The following officers were elected:Miss Laura Perry Davis, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Davis, President. Miss Martha Anderson Talbott,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Talbott, Vice President.Miss Elmeta Hamilton Hinton,daughter of Mr. E. T. Hinton, Recording Secretary.Miss Mary Louisa Connell, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. John J. Connell,Treasurer.A Few Words fco The Man With AnAUTOMOBILEwww$:..Have you given your clothes a thought, or have youspent all your time thinking about your machine? Youdon't want tolook cheap with an old auto cluster on andyour old cap from last Summer. Well, let Mitchell &Blakemore tell you what you need. In our line of autodusters you can buy one from $1.50 to 10, made withauto collars, 52 inches long, either single or double breasted, with wind shield in the sleeves. Autp gloves blacks,tans and grays, SI to 5. Auto caps and hats with ventilated crowns, 75 cents to S2. Get busy and buy yourtogs: then for those joy rides in the machine.1Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.JM HMMjM 'i'' MBMMH k.gv flHBIBBIB& AValuable City Real Estate.Attention is directed to the publicsale advertisement in another columnof valuable city real estate belongingto Mr. Georgp W.. Wilder. The salewill take place on Thursday, May 18.This property is well located and thehouses are strictly modern.Association to Meet in Paris.The third annual meeting of Group.Seven of the Kentucky Banker' Association will be held at the n.lks' building in this city on Thursday, Msy 25.Invitations have been issued to oQt-of-townbankers. The session will beginat 11 0 o'clock a. m. and the Parisbankers will entertain the membersand guests with a luncheon at theWindsor Hotel. Following is the program :11 :30 a. m. fleeting called to order.Invocation .older Carey E. Morgan.Address of Welcome Claude M.Thomas, President First NationalBank, Ky. .Response Col. John R. Allen, Lexington, Ky.Appointment of Committees."Value of Personal AcquaintanceAmong Fellow Bankers." b M.Gettys, Cashier Union National Bank,Luuisville, Ky."The Aldrich Plan of a CentralBank" Hon. Jas N. Kehoe, Preisdent Kentucky Bankers Association,Maysville, Ky."Bankers' Legal Problems" Mr. J.K. Helm, Counsel for KentuckyBankets' Association.Reports of Conimttees.Election of Officers.Adjournment.RELIGIOUS.(M(0);2MC- .2MC MC JM.SimniimimimnntnmtSnmuimimmuuinmmim AJ5FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.$14.95 SUITS $14.95Another lot of just thirty-seven suits sent us" by a largemanufacturer at big price reductions. For suits that arereal bargains this last lot beats anything we'veoffered to the buyers of ladies' ready-to-wear suits.'$25 o $20 SuiteSpecial atever$1495Baptist church will have pleaching by the pastor, Rev. E. M. Lightfoot Sunday at 10:45 a. m. and 7.30 p.m. Morning subject, "Congealed Religion;" night, "Short Weights inBusiness and Long Prayers inChurch." All arc invited to these services. The Graded Union of Pari.? SundaySchool Teachers will meet at 3 p. m.Sunday t the Christian church. Rev.'Peter Ainslee. of Baltimore, will address the teachers at this meeting towhich all who are interested in Sunday schocl work are invited.Warrant Issued.Wednesday night Anderson Dochengaged in a difficulty with Jim Bayless on Eighth street resulting in theformer firing at the latter with a revolver. Bayless was arrested and inPolice Court yesterday was ued $7.50for disorderly conduct.Doch made his escape and a warrantwas isutd for his arrest charging himwith a breaeh of the peace, disorderlyconduct, and discharging a firearm in.JfeSSi?u$If.5 Suits $17.95Just twelve of the very choicest suits. Colors fine. Workmanship and styles can't besurpassed at any price.$35 to $27.50 SuitsSpecial at.$178S'r:9 1Extra Special10 beautifully trimmed Pongee Coats worth regularly $20.09Special at $1 4.95$2.95 - Ladies9 Fine Slippers - $2.95Satin, Velvet, Suede, Gun MetaKandPatent Leather in Pumps, 1and 2 strap Slippers, our price for high grades, only $2.95.iS gCome in and take a look Will show you values that will please.Frank & Co.llfJ!t1UKl?l.KiWWHIHUfHIWHHtttmilKUClttttWlUMMHCHIM UUiMJIMI&-tft-masmsiiIII3S- !the city limits.00ttllMS)iWiVSM3s1SSSSffttMvir BF mr Wn BW'A'i.STHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Afraid of GhostsMany people arc afraid of ghosts. Few peopleare afraid of germs. Yet the ghost is a fancy andthe germ is a fact. If the germ could be magnifiedto a size equal to its terrors it would appear moreterrible than any fire-breathing dragon. Germscan't be avoided. They are ia the air we breathe,the water we drink.The germ can only prosper when the conditionof the system gives it free scope to establish itself and develop. When there is a deficiency orvital force, languor, restlessness, a sallow check.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail'Matter.Established in IZZ19 Years of Continuous Publicationc hollow eye, when the appetite is poor and thesleep is broken, it is time to guard against the germ. You canfortify the body against all germs by the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It increases the vital power, cleanses thesystem of clogging impurities, enriches the blood, puts the stomach and organs of digestion and nutrition in working condition, sothat the germ finds no weak or tainted spot in which to breed."Golden Medical Discovery" contains no alcohol, whisky orhabit-forming drugs. All its ingredients printed on its outsidewrapper. It is not a secret nostrum but a medicine op knowncomposition and with a record of 40 years of aires. Accept nosubstitute there is nothing "just as good." Ask your neighbors.Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,Easily laid can be laid rieht over wood shingles if necessaryFireproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverneed repairs. Fcr further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.0 vauuiuttwsB ttuu oiuiuar matter, iu cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 9, t911.fV JPi2lr?Vv JaamaA9 jk. Imlfeffca. ZaMI&A agPl I aaaaaaawt . .--; J'T.v. ;eKajuMjMMfl . BaaaaaaI5PUBLIC SALE.OFDesirable City Property.ONE YEAR,1.00 SIX MONTHS. Payable in Advance$1.00PORTINGHSLETIE1 will sell on the premises to the highest bidders onTHURSDAY, MAY 13, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m.. the following described property: Two modern brick cottages, one situated corner High and Thirteenth streets, Paris, Ky., the otheradjoining, and each containing five rooms, hall, pantry, bath and two porches.These are new. well buiit houses with slate roofs and are handsomely finished,Dewly papered, and fitted with hot and cold water, gas, electric light and chandeliers. Lots have shade trees and concrete walksand are 33x100 l'eet, extendingto a 9J foot alley . .These are well located and beautiful homes in a splendid neighborhood, onthe interurban line and convenient to churches and schools and would readilyrent for $25 per month.At the same time I will sell a vacant buildmg lot, situated corner Main andThirteenth Streets, Paris, Ky. This lot is 33x106 feet to a D'i foot alley andwill be sold for residential purposes only.TERMS. One-third cash, balance in one and two years, with notes bearinginterest at 6 per cent and a iien retained until paid.G. W. WILDER.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information apply to Harris '& Speakes, Real Estate Dealers,Paris, Ky.IWWrBmh orscsnalityrWJm.13y C. II. ZITHER.Cincinnati. Ohio, May 11. You never can tell, as our old friend, BernardShaw, once remarked. One week agothe Reds were going like lot of Hottentots who had never seen anythingthat more resembled a base ball thana cocoanut. Then came a couple ofvictories over the Cubs and a nice piefeast at the expense of the Piratesand zip, the team "has at last struckits gait." Thus it goes in base ball.Mutts one day and kings the next.However, in the case of the Reds,there is hope that the king thing is apermanent condition, and that henceforth will see them performing accord-'ing to the terms of their coi tracts.There has been a noticeaDle increasein the intelligence manifested by themembers of the team in the variousdepartments of the game, and this,with the fact that the pitchers againare going with some degree of regularity, indicates that the day of theslump is over, and that by the timethe team returns from its present Eastern trip it will he given performancesthe like of which have not been witnessed on the local lot in lo, thesemany years.Thanks Brother Roberts.In the Lexington Leader's editorialnotes of the Railroad Convention heldhere last week we are paid the followinjr compliment:"The Bourbon couniy court house Tione of the handsomest we have everseen in a town anything like the sizeof Paris, and would bp a credit to acounty of much more wealth and population. Indeed it has not been longsince there were State Capitols thatdid not present as imposing an apoear-ance."(Lexington HeraU )"Argu3, of tha Louisv'n Herald,who represented that ppcr at theParis convention says that tie capitalof Bourbon is a mighty nice place tospend the day in, but wLea nightcomrs on it is best lo hie av?v. Manyof the delegates could not te accommodations and had to come to Lexington to sleep. Br'er Peters should notbe so hard on the little city. It doesthe best it can." gglIt has always been our experiencedLexington that after taking a coupleof meals' the hotel people never leftyou with enough change to even takea chance on staying all night. Theonly cheap thing we have ever foundin Lexington was a ticket to Paris.GEO. W. DAVISFCNERAl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.E)55C2:3C3C2rQgg1I Were you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. Tryraii3n'f! '"aBs w B'SBBBBBBBaBB-ixigv y?fct,,'&ja3a)aaalaar pWJsajajyjjjjJaayand SUPERSORITYIn Workmanship aro Displayedin Our Work.An individvalily Tiii)i(juMirs our Jfonitments from a1 1 oilvcrs. while .prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-datcproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Cpocislty.NONE BETTER.no:;e cheaperWm. Jldams $ Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.'l B Both Phones.Working in the GardenTho number of "recruits" who havemade Rood in the big leagues so farthis spring is exceedingly limited.Only once in a great while doe? onenear or a minor Jeaguer ot last seasonbeing extolled as a "winner" in fastcompany. Among the few who have,hit it ur, "Pmg" Bodie, the Chicago'White Sox outfielder, Joe Jackson, of,the Clevelands, Bobby Kdefe, of the 'Reds, and one r.r two others, are theonly ones who have been continuouslyhefore the public as having sureenough ma'ie good. Naturally, Cincinnati is mrre concerned in the performances cf Bobby Keefe than of any'of the others, end it may oe ssi'd without fear of contradiction that he is oneof the real r.nus of the season. Hisseveral performances on the rubbersince the season opened have beensuch as to assure him a permanent jobwith the Keds.and it goes without saying that he'll improve as the seasonprogresses. Keep your ayes on this Ione on the present Eastern trip andafter the Reds return home.How's This?&&. . . Aimv J BBBK. CTiTitli: Tl;jfc ,&S Mis a real pleasure if you i avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of tho best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.10WRY & TALBOTT. $$;I Bourbon Laundrytojf Telephone No. 4.AStoD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice,We offer One Hundred .Dollars lieward for any case of catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last In years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions.and finHncially able to carry out any obligations made by his "firm.WALD1NG, KINNAN & MARTIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price, 75cper bottle. Sold 1)' all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Theie will he mo're excitement tothe square inch over at the Latoniarace track on Saturday,! May 13, andSunday, May 14. than that famuuscourse ever before has witnessed. Thegeneral public now is deeply interested in anything that looks like an automobile; and the announcement thatmore than twenty of the leading racingcars of America, with drivers of international fame, will compete in a seriescf six races on each of thu two daysmentioned, the sport on Saturdaywinding up with a one-hour race.whileon Sunday the piece de resistance willbe a 50-mile free-for-all, in whichthere will oe fifteen or more starters.Besides these six automobile events oneach day, there will be a five-mile anda ten-mile motor cycle race on bothSaturday and Sunday, bringing outthe most daring riders in the Ohio Valley. Nothing but excitement is promised, and all roaas running into Cincinnati will run excursions.DANGER JN DELAY.Kidney Diseases' Are too Dangerous lor Paris People toNeglect.IBest the earth produces and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.PJ&rSSSSC&rtfeeSXC&tgSEllSlBA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundiy work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,$ ParisKMtucky.Just now the world looks upon AdWolgast as the greatest fighter of hisinches in the ring. But it might havebeen otherwise. Less than three'yearsago he was a common larroom loafer,and one of his haunts was Jim Jeffries' saloon out in Los Angeles. Hemade himself so obnoxious that Jeffries was finally forced to order himaway. However, Jim followed theyoungster out.Kave him some good advice, which Wolgast followed : and today he's at the top of his class. HadJeffries merely kicked him out and letit go at that, Wolgast probably wouldbe a noneity today instead of a star.The racing game dead? Not so youcan notice it. Down Baltimore waythey'ie asking for more dates for thisran man r lmnco ever netore had had,while thp reports from ijexugton arethat on Saturday more people gathered to see the runners than ever beforeassembled at the famous Blue Grasstrack. Thi outlook for Latonia, whicnopens soon, is tnually bright Therpwill not be as many tracks in oneraticnthis year as heretofore, but th-se thatare doing business., ceitainly will getthe crowdsA Father's Venegancewould have fallen on anyone who attacked the son of Peter Bondy, of SouthRockwood, Mich. ,bnt he waspowerlessbefore attacks of kidney trouble. "Doctors could not help him,5 'he wrote, "soat last we gave him Electric Bitters andhe improved wonderfully from takingsix bottles. Its the best kidney medicine I ever saw." Backache, tired feeling, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite,warn of kidney trouble that may endin dropsy.diabetes or Bright' s disease.Beware: Take Electric Bitters and besafe. Every bottle guaranteed. 50c atOberdorfer's;The great danger of kidney troublesis that they get a firm hold before thesufferer recognizes them. Health isgradually undermined. Backache,headache, nervousness, lameness, soreness, lumbago, urinary troubles, dropsy, diabetes and Bright's disease follow in merciless succession. Don'tneglect your kidneys. Help the kidneys with the safe and reliable remedy, Doan's Kidney Pills, which hascured people right here in this locality. Mrs. A. B. Renaker, Court street,Cynthiana, Ky , says: "Doan's Kidney Pills positively relieved me of asevere attack of kidney disease fromwhich 1 had suffered for years. I donot think it necessary to go into details concerning my case, but I canrecommend this remedy, knowing thatit lives up to the claims made for it.I have net had a recurrence of myformer trouble and it is only with thedesire to tell other kidney sufferers ofa good kidney remedy that I endorseDoan's Kidney Pills."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the Unitedbtitss.Remembsr he name Doan's antake no other.8ttKttHttttKXXXyWE SELLATIRIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS, tSHINGLES, POSTS, WSASHES, DOORS, WBLINDS, HARD AND ('SOFT COAL,AGENTS FOR jAmatiie tRoofing.OUR ESTIMATE MANis always on hand and makes hisMULTIPLIERS & PRODUCTSas low as they can be figured. The cost of your bill depends larcelv Wpjej on tne size or tne multiplicand.8 BRING IN YOUR MULTIPLICANDSMw or dimensions and we will figure the cost as low a3 we can.j TEMPLIN LUMBER CO. gEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDDemocratic Headquarters.The Sub-Committee appointed bythe Oemocartic State Executive Committee to conduct the State PrimaryElection to be held on July 1, hasopened Headquarters in Room No. 270,at the Louisville Hotel, Louisville.MAN'S DEBT POSTERITY-v Health, Strength, Vigor, Vitality.npn riAnr ati rr vniFTTT.no trn upwab UU0&. ur luiu ii ttuaa iu siuaJP 'vjflliEBt3SKNOW YOURSELF!A kmm Iilrbt for Every IKan. Free by.n Jed to thoaa oucloains Teu Cents inSRlinS for Wage, etc. Worth its weight inSSd anrSSKSraged, Buffering man. Thislook contains vital facts on acute and chronicdhSLS including Wcr? f KS!5KTSletoand all Dlaeiwes and mWCfll.Mm of Mn from whatever cause ; . how proSVced, how cured ; also Blood Poison, iU terribleresalta: its conqueror by medical cieace in Militert and ot remarkable victory. paUlnjttheta of thk awfal malady tad making itaolcklym7i Mjrflrcarable. Write forit today.Uee.OelamWa theater IMgCiaclBBati 0.tamoM for almo a scare of jn ia Ciaciaaattaa a Specialist to Mea.For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little7 Rock andRuddles Mills."WhenTyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated3E3Ep RNotice! Poultry Raisers11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,..rr Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Banktowa. Kr., says: "1 have tued Redpe -4-1 1 -44 for yean aad Oiiak it the bestpoultry remedy made. It cures gapes aad limbameck with t fail. .Will Cooraes. Barckow. Ky.. says: "Oae drop of Redao 4-1 1-44 oWped dowa the biH of a aaewzckickea kiHs the worm aad relieves the chick iaetaatly. It is the best preveaeive I have ever used.'Mf. &4 Gurametl by J. tat. Cnme, ferttwi, Ky. Price Sfc at all Iragists.G. S. Vardeii & Son.IIKr J,TC4r itftfltil xA S1 jf' ' lj-! -'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 12,1911:JflCflTBBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, disc harges of yellow matter permanently cured witti pure botanical ingred-nts. To prove it we will send yoa aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butt causes ulcerations, death and decayf bones, kills ambition, often causesbs of appetite, and reaches to genral debility, idiocr and insanity. Iteeds attention at once. Cure it byaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)is a quick, radical, permanenture because it rids the system of the, oifcon germs that cause catarrh. Atle same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)arifies the blood, does away withvery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.nds a tingling flood of warm, rich,ire blood direct to the paralyzedrves, and parts affected by catarr-al poison, giving warmth andTength just where it is needed, andIteis way making a perfect, lastingire of catarrh in all its forms,ruggists or by exsress, $1 per large-.uttle, with directions for ncme cure.Samples sent free by writing Bloodjbalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describej our trouble and free medical advicer-n. Sole by Varden & Son.Too Expensive."This cigar tastes like it was madeof cabbage," growls the customer."Huh!" replies the clerk. "If youknew the wholesale price of cabbagethis year you wouldn't insinuate thatit could be put in a five-cent cigar."The Other way Mround.Mr. Angus "If you knew how tocook we could save money." MrsAngus if you knew how to savemoney we could employ a cook."Answers.The Matter Settled.Mr. Lately Married "But, dearest, 1thought we had planned to go to theopera this evening?" Mrs. Ditto "Yea,love; but I have changed our minds."Puck.iOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Real Impediment.Ladies' Seminary Examiner "MissJones, state the chief Impediment tomarriage." Candidate "When noone presents himself." FliegerideBlaetter.Tip for Loafers.A loafer lacks the proper pride whenhe says as an excuse for his loafingthat his health Is poor; a loafershould have something aristocratic,like gout, the matter with him. Atchison Globe.A Sixth Sn3CAn interesting discussion arose at arecent college lecture concerning the"instinct of direction" possessed somarvelously by savage races and byanimals. Undoubtedly animals areaided largely by scent. In the case ofhumans it is different, and some ofthe pupils argued that the primitiveman is able to find his way in thedensest forest without taking note ofthe sun, the wind, the lay of the landor the course of the streams. Therefore it was said he must be guided bya sixth sense because none of the regular five senses could aid him. Otherpupils, however, argued that the Indian found his way in places wherethere were no apparent guides because he knew how, because he hadlearned all his life how to do it, justas the writer, for instance, will writepage after page of copy, spelling allthe words correctly, but yet cannot ifasked to spell a simple word. This isbecause he learned the words longago an$ his spelling is purely mechanical. It is so with the Indianfinding his way through the woods.Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.Announcement,I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the past'twenty years, and can handle your'buildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, East ITenn. phone 12S-2. iW. C. HESTERFiction or History.After all, fiction is not always theworst place in which to look for history. There is a story of Mr. Disraeliat the time of his extremely bumptuous youth when he had just returnedfrom his travels in the east As ayoung man, much under thirty, hemet Lord Melbourne, who was thenprfcne minister, at dinner. Lord Melbourne proceeded to discourse on theeastern question, but instead of listening to the prime minister with the respect which he ought young Disraelisaid, "It seems to me that your lordship has taken your knowledge of theeast from 'The Arabian Nights.' "Some prime ministers I have knownwould have snubbed the young manseverely. Lord Melbourne was not ofthat kind. He rubbed his hands withgreat cheerfulness and said to theyoung man, "And a devilish good placeto take it from!" Lord Rosebery in anEdinburgh Address.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCEJ!M1WJHmnaMiiBA few years ago flyingmachines were hardlythought of, nor wasScott's Emulsionin summer. Now Scott'sEmulsion is as much a summer as a winter remedy.Science did it. All DrareUuWarming the Eggs.There was once an old lady in Scotland who kept a few hens. As shelived close to the house in which achurch minister lived he asked her tosend him two new laid eggs everymorning and he would pay her forthem.So the old lady sent her girl to theminister's house every moning withtwo eggs, and tne minister's servantalways thought the eggs were newlylaid because they felt quite warm, asif they had just been taken from thehen's nestBut one day the eggs were cold, sothe servant asked: "Are the eggs freshtoday, JaneyV They do not seemwarm."The simple girl looked at the -maidand then said, "Ou, aye, they're quitefresh, only my mother could not getthe cat to sit on them this morning,as it ran away."ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Sidney G. Clay as a candidate for Representative in the Legislature fromBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic party.Assignee's Sale-OF-House and Lot inClaysville.I will, as'assignee of the estate otJordan Richardson, onSaturday, May 13th, 1911.in front of the court house at 2 o'clockp. m. sell at public auction to thehighest bidder a house and lot inClaysville. The lot fronts 50 feet andextends back 100 feet more or less.Ihe house thereon contains four rooms.All necessary outbuildings. A splendid investment. fcC W.P. ARDERY.Assignee.PUBLIC SALE. OF ONE OF THEMost Desirable ResidencesON THE BEST STREETIN ONE OF BEST NEIGHBORHOODS IN PARIS.Also Two Building Lots Adjoining., iTrade Marks. DesignsCopyrights &c.Anyone pending a pketeh and description mayqnlckly asccrtiln our opinion free whether anntion ts probably P itcntable. Comnmnir.i.t lit.sstrictlycontldcntlil. HANDBOOK on PatentsMtit free. Olilest acency for fiecurinp patent h.Patents taken throimli Munn & Co. rccelva.trial notice, without charge, in theScientific AmericanA hindaomoly Hlmtntwl weekly. IVircP't lr-.! iiioii of any hcienlitic journal. Twins. o ateir: f r months, ?L Sold by all ncwbdealer.MUNN &Go.3G,Brcad' New YorkBranch Office. G25 F SU Washinzton. D. C.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything: neat andoarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Carries Most &andSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Locating Icebergs.The captain of an ocean steamer In.most cases flnds out when his vesselis approaching an iceberg from themen down in the engine room. Thatsounds queer, but it is a fact nevertheless. It appears that when asteamship enters water considerablycolder than that through which it hasbeen going its propeller runs faster.Such water usually surrounds the vicinage of icebergs for many miles.When the propeller's action thereforeis accelerated without the steam power being increased word is passed upto the officer on the bridge that icebergs may be expected, and a closelookout for them is established. Thereare natural reasons for the propelleracting in this way. and sea captainswill assert the same thing.Having decided to continue permanent residence in country, the following property will be sold publicly, onthe premises, Duncan Avenue, Paris,Ky., onSaturday May 20th, 1911,beginning at 11 o'clock a. m., sharp:First Brick residence, eight rooms.i halls, two bath rooms, basement, allj modern conveniences, lot fronting 109teet on Duncan avenue, running back120 feet with stable and lot added inrear 36 teet, running on back 117 feet,26 feet in rear. Driveway from Duncan avenue on side next to railroad tocontinue foi common use of this lot(No. 1) and Mrs. Whitley's lot in rear,with privilege of the owner of this lot(No. 1) to change the location of thedriveway to run nearer or along theline of the railroad from Duncan avenue. House built of the best materials, unquestionably one of the mostdesirable homes in Paris.Second Building lot adjoining the! above, fronting 50 feet on Duncanavenue, extending back 120 feet, 45feet in rear.1 Third 13 jilcMng lot adjoining (cornerj lot) fronting 45 feet on Duncan avenueI and extending back with Vine street120 feet, 45 feet in rear,j Pavements already built, no fillingor grading on lots necessary,i Only remaining building lots onDuncan avenue.TERMS. One-third cash when deedis made, balance in one and two years,with 6 perc ent from date. Ox, purchaser may pay more, or all, cash.KOBT. C. TALBOTT.A Remarkable Shawl.The empress of Russia was once presented with a shawl of a remarkablekind. It is contained in a box only afew inches square. In which it fits' easily, yet when it is shaken out it Is tenyards square. This notable gift "wasthe work of some women weavers inOrenberg, southern Russia, by whom itwas presented. The box containing itIs of wood, with hinges, hoops andfastenings of beaten silver.rheuiatisiCured by the Marvel of therfsnf-..t n R R Tsotsr1 f "un. ir. JLimmia, mis is so stCentury, B. B. B. Tested tor Catbolic standard and Times.Trapped."I saw the cutest thing today," began Miss Passay coyly. "It was apainting of the er what is the nameof that little god that represents matrimony?" "Well, now," said Mr. Timmid,"you've got. me."Oh. Mr. Timmid, this is so sudden!"Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIAmMHSunday, May 14, '11.Fare $1.50 Round Trip.30 Years.a t ukui?dotrn the throat of .i "zapey"chicken destroys tl:e wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the driakinc waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chickdiseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of ?,Iedicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofs medicine on hand. Ask for tree booklet on.ocas.b of lrovris."For Sale by W T. Brooks. 'Aching bones, swollen joints perm a-jnently cured throuh the blood withj pure Eotonieal Ingredients. To provei it we will send von a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.1 If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swoli len muscles, dilliculty in moving, around so you haw to use crutches;I blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesj and burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and ddctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or bjr express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S unr:! a:Jir free by writing Bloodi-ii 3 . Atlanta, Ga. Describemi rrcuij'o nd free medical adviceForce of Habit.A burglar went home one night, fumbled noiselessly at the keyhole and lethimself in without making a sound,lie "was about to creep softly upstairswhen his wife appeared on the upperlanding. "Dan," said she, "wot makesye come In so quiet?" "Blame it,"bellowed the burglar, "I thought I wasin another house!"The Puzzling Point.Teacher And did you make out alist of the nine greatest men in thehistory of the world, as 1 told you?Willie Almost. I can't pick out thebest catcher, though, to save my neck.Puck. $A Taste of It.Missionary And do you know nothing whatever of religion? CannibalWell, we got a taste of it when thelast missionary was here. ToledoBlade.One virtue will t!7noe many vices;one vice will efface many virtues.Balzac. " -sSpecial train leaves Paris 7:"0 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or U. S. .7URDAN. T. A. "BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY.14 mch 3m E. T. phone G56.FOR RENT.Four room house, large barn andother outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in the city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS.24 tf or GEO. RASSEN FOSSFOR RENT.Two cottages on Second street. Apply to I-MRS. DUKEBOWtES.mwmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done GoodHvkVK.X?SZ&&rTRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthct is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next work.Our facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fciiUWiWiiiiUiltt?QIAyVain &Son.J 9 3t ,, 623 Main Street.)?tMl.Vi"1 -,KTHE BOURBQN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY- MAY-12, 1911V-VmiSeason Opens in Paris Today.'Clearing and cooler',' is what theweather man handed out for the dayof the opening gama of base ball inParis, between the Borubonites andHustlers at White Park this afternoon.With the promise of clear skies and acooler atmosphere Paris fans will turnout4n great numbers to witness thefirst game of the season on the locallot.McKernan and his men will returnfrom Mavsville this morning after theseries of three games ready for thetilt with the Hustlers.Mayor J. T. Hinton.in an interview,said he hoped the merchants wouldclose their stores at 2:30 o'clock thisafternoon, in compliment to the occasion, that all might have the opportunity of witnessing the opener.The Paris High School Band thataccompanied the large crowd of Parisfans to Maysville Tuesday, has beenengaged for the occasion and will leadthe parade and give a concert at thePark. The game will be called at 3:1511 clock.By the close score of 2 to 1 Maysville defeated Paris in the openinggame of the season in the former cityTuesday afternoon.The day was a half-holiday and amidpomp and ceremony Maysville presented an animated scene. From tni citymore than two hundred and fiftyardent fans journeyed to Mason whileall along the line the base ball specialpicked up enough to swell the crowdto three hundred.The Paris High School Band accompanied the local fans. At 1 :30 p. m. aparade was formed in front of theCentral Hotel, and headed by the Parisband proceeded (o the ball park..Dr. W. C. Ussery, president of theBiua Grass League, made a shortspeech before the opening of the gameand was followed by Mayor J. WesleyLea. Manager Ed. Mackey and Umpire Ronan were each presented abouquet of roses by their friends, afterwhich Mayor Lee hut led the first hallserosa the plate.The game was called and play beganwith Paris at the bat. Thty went outin one, two, three order, and it wasplain to be seen that a great contestwas on. Lamb, the firot batter up forAlajsville, eot to nrst en an error andwas advanced to second when Davislilt a slow grounder to McKernan, jwhich the latter could net handle in .tirre to catch the runner.The lucky seventh came up with !McGuire at the bat. He slammed the,sphere to left for a clean drive andwas advanced when Carmony wasgiven four bad ones. Poland fanned.and when Williams stepped to theplate hopes of tying the s:ore lookeddim. The latter swung viciously andmade a nice single on which McGuirescored, the batter taking second.Romine got a little bunt to the left ofShears, which the latter fumbled, andCarmony crossed the rubber with thewinning run.The Bourbcnites tried hard for a tieiUnder the most favorable conditionsthe Blue Grass League opened Tuesday with Paris at Maysville, Lexington at Frankfort and Richmond atWinchester. The day all over the circuit was ideal and the opennig in eachtown was very huspicious.As the result of a decision of Umpire Ronan in the last game of theseries with Maysville yesterday, thegame will go to protest. Maysvillewon in the tenth inning by a score ofscore in their half of the ninth. AleKelvy was given his fourth consecu- 8 to 7.tive base on balls, went to second oh In the ninth inning ParisGoodman s sacrifice, and reached thirdon Rapp's grounder, the latter dyingWilliams to Carmony. fgftMaxwell was sent in to bat forShears and retired the sidefen strikes.The score:Paris 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0-1was leading by one run, the score standing 6 to5. Maysville had a man en third andone on first. The batter hit a grounder to McKernan, who tagged the runner to secend and doubled the runnerr.t first. The man on third crossed theplate before Ronan haa waived theMaysville 0 0000020 x 2 other runners out, and which shouldBatteries Paris, Shears and Mayer ; nave brought the game to a close, butMaysville. Romine and Holder.- Earned run Paris. Two base hits Mayer,Williams, Holder. Sacricfie hits Poland, Romine, Goodman, Holder. McGuire. Sacrifice fly Goodman. Stolenbases McKernan, 2. Bases on ballsoff Shears 4; off Romine 7. Struckoat by Shears 10; by Romaine 6. Lefton bases Paris 7; Maysville, 6. Firstbae on errors Maysville 4. Time2:00. Umpire Rowan. Attendance3,000.the umpire allowed the run to count,tiemg the score.Paris scored one run in the tenthwhile Maysville counted two more.During the game Harrell, the Parisshort stop, was spiked by a base runner but was not seriously hurt.in the second game of the serieswith Maysville Wednesday Paris turned the tables and won by a score of 4to 1.For Paris Schrauder presided on themound and held his opponents to threeclean hits. Chase, who twirled forMaysville, showed poor form.The feature of the game was theCLUB STANDING.Won LostLexington 3 0-Maysville 2 1Richmond 2 1Paris 1 2 .Winchester 1 2Frankfort 0 3Pet1.000.667.667.333.333.000Large Mortgage Fifed for RecordOne of the largest mortgages everbatting rnd baserunning of McKernan. ' lodged for record in the Bourbon CounThe Score.Paris 1 0 0 0 0 10 2 04Mayvsille 0 0000100 0Batteries Paris, Schrauder andMayer; Maysville, Chase and Holder.Hits Paris, 7; Maysville, 3. LrroisParis, 2; Maysville, 3. Earned runsParis, 2. Two base hits McKernan,Bamett. Three base hits Davis, McKernan. First base on balls offSchrauder, 4; off Chase, 1. Stolenbases McKernan, Harrell. Struckout by Schrauder, 8; by Chase, 4.Left on bases Paris, 4; Maysville, 4.Sacrifice hit Rapp. Double playsMcKernan, Harrell and Barnett; Williams, Woodrn and Carmony. Firstbase on errors aris, 2. Hit by pitcher Maysville, 1. Time 1:45. UmpireRonan. Attendance, 1,200.MATRIMONIAL.The bans of matrimony betweenMis3 Elizabeth Henrkamp, of Cynthiana, and Mr. Richard T. Welling, ofthis city, were announced at St. Edwards Catholic church in CynthianaSunday mornng. The weddintg willtake place on the morning of May 24,at 7 o'clockat St. Edwards church,Rev. Father George Beheler officiating.Chinamel.Fix up that old floor with Chinamel,it makes it look swell.VARDEN & SON.DEATHS.- Mrs. Mary Alice Hardiman, whowas stricken with paralysis Tuesdayat the home of her daughter, Mrs.Edward'Hite, in West Second street,in Maysville, died at 6-20 o'clock Wednesday evening. She is survived bytwo children Randolph L. Hardiman,of Cincinnati and Mrs. Hite. Funeralfrom the residence this afternoon at 2o'clock. Burial in Maysville cemetery. Mrs. Hardiman formerly livedin Paris.The Rexall Store.We have the exclusive agency inParis for the famous Rexall Remedies.VARDEN & SON.ty Clerk's office wad received yesterday by County Clerk Paton. The mortgage, which aggregates an amount of$2,050,500.16, is made by the Louisville ProDerty Company, of Louisville,to the Louisville & Nashville RailroadCompany. The Property Company jowns and controls property in twentycounties in the state. Under the lawthe mortgage, which covres 310 printed pages, must be recorded in everycounty in which the company holdsinterestsHeadquarters at Conclave.Headquarters for the Coeur de LionCommandery No. 26, of this city, atthe Conclave in Lexington May 16, 17and 18, have been secured at thePhoenix Hotel. The local lodge willbe accompanied by the Paris MilitaryBand.The Great Floor Dressing.Try a can of Chinamel on thatfloor. Easy to apply, anybody canit. We are agents for Paris.VARDEN & SON.olduseBourbon Growers Get Money.Secretary John T. Collins, of theBourbon County Board of Control ofthe Burley Tbbscco Society, has issuedchecks to the amount of S83.U0O to thecrrowers who were in the 1909 pool.This was the second distribution offund accuring from the sale of the1909 pooled tobacco. The first distribution of 20 per cent was made inFebruary. About 250,000 was distributed simultaneously throughoutthe Burlev district Wednesday by thevarious county secretaries,IKflUFMftN.STRflUS&60Central Kentucky's Greatest Department Store,Lexington, Ky.1Sale of Women'sTailored Suits at$25Our sale of dressy tailor made Suits at this price hasbeen such an unqualified success that we find ourselves running short on sizes and colors and in order to replenish thelines we have added from our regular stock a number ofsuits that have sold heretofore at 335, $38 and $40. Theseare in black and white serges, fine worsteds and homespuns.iSilk Dresses $14.75Values Up to $23.50We have placed on sale a choice assortment of pretty,stylish new silk dresses, made from splendid quality puresilk foulards, messalines and satins, in stripes, checks andneat figures, handsomely trimmed. We simply say they arethe best values ever offered in this city.ICv jkmi SKr 9 V JL. L Xm v rMlIwjmmWon't You Make a Comparative Test?Such a test will prove to you the great economical Housefurnishing possibilities at the A F Wheeler Store. .Large assortment lower prices liberal credit these await you at our store welcome you to your homefurnishing store. rOdd 'DressersA Beautiful Line of Odd Dressers to brightenup your Bedroom,$7.75 up to $70.00Porch Chairs in theOld Hickory,$2.33 to $.5h2vAy Wheeler' 3 7fewSceberg RefrigeratorsJlre the Cheapest?It is because they are so well constructed withCharcoal Waterproof Sheating, which will notobscrb moisture, and is noted for saving yourice bill. .New Models In TailoredBlousesOn display for the first time this season a charmingselection of fresh new designs in Dutch neck, sailor collar,short sleeve blouses in soft handkerchief linen, neat dimities,Jap silks and colored madras. Also the new racquet waistswith leather belts.Prices range from $2.50 to So each.THE MODELS ARE EXCLUSIVEI Kaufman. Straus &: Co.. Lexington, kY1Kitchen Cabinet$6.75 up to $42.1Our I inp nf fprlinor il 1ver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding - gifts.RFfMFMRFt? THIiThe "House of Quality" only car- 1riesthe very best in Solid Silver Isinrl atc ran rri?r3 irrvii ontrfkimv Wfirom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.VBoth Phones.JglllpA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main andJThird Sts.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. '.Opp. Jourt HouseWkz trnrn 3TT kmmr mmmz mm ikmmi iV Ul S? wFl m9 .W , L. W. '- - - . Jm$mxL W-&&&&&&&&&&&4?&&&4?i&i?&ibiltLook loreScreen Doors, $1 to $2, complete with hangings,Adjustable Screen windows 30c, 40c and 50c,Fly Killers 10c,Lawn Mowers $3 up,Lawn Sprays 35c,Lawn Hose, guaranteed, 10c per foot,Grass Hooks and Rakes;Grass Shears 25c,Water Coolers $1 .50 up,Fishing Tackle in all grades.FORD & CO.,.3L2.viwe mountain Refrigerators and ice uremT FreWcrs unappfoached in quality. -- - V. ,. -i "-'-.-' u- - -tl ..,J -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARK, KENTUCKY, MAY 12, 191.sOURBON HEWS.tmXsFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMELICENSES DUE.All licenses for the City ofParis were due the 1st ofMay. Those who have notpaid must call at once andsettle. Office at first NationalSank.STAMPS MOORE.3-tf Collector.-irst Natural Bridge Excursion.The first excursion to Natural Bridge.er the L. & N. will he run fromincinnatx on Sunday, May 21.Hubig's Pies.Fresh Hubig's Pies at Fec'..Physician Moves OfficeDr. Silas Evans has moved his office'rom the residence of Mrs. Evelyniuck on Pleasant street to the roomsver the drug store of Clarke & Co.' Shetland Pony for Sale.Strong, speedy, saddle-gaited ; fullbrother to Cock Robin and the Collinspony, both ribbon takers." 3t DR. J. T. VANS ANT.Submits Plan.Mr. E. Stamler, the architect, formerly of this city, has submitted plansto the Carlisle otlicials for the city hallthey intend to build. The drawing isof a handsome design and will probably De accepted.Wool.We pay highest market prices forwool. Get your sacks fiom us.2 ot CHAS. S. DREN C & BRO.The Freshest and Sest.Give us your orders and give themearly and get the freshest and bestfruits and vegetables.C. P. COOK & CO. 'Will Build New Bridge.The L. &. N. railroad will constructa bridge over the cut 5 near Mt. Airyavenue, when a road leading from thatstreet to White addition is opened.The railroad company will build abridge on condition that after it iscompleted the city will keep the structure in repair.It's Warm Enoughfor lighter underwear. You'llfindjust the kind you like atJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Small Blaze.The fire department was called outabout 3:30 o'clock Wednesday afternoon to the reisdence of Jack Shea onVine street where a spark on the rcofignited the shinglfs, causing a smallblaze, which was extinguished by theuse of chemicals.Eire and Tornado insurance.tf Thomas & Woodford.Garden Plants.Tcmatc, cabbage and sweet 'potatoplants. The finest you ever saw.I'hone us your order. Both phonesU 2t T. LENIHAN.Wear One to the Came.One of our true blue serge suits anda straw hat and you'll look and feel fitas a fiddle.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Fined for Selling Liquor.Jim Thomas, colored, was arrestedMonday night by Marshal James GiLbon at .North Midaletown, on a warrant isued from Squire L.J. FretwelFscourt last August. Thomas wascharged with selling liquor in the colored suburb of Claysville, without alicense and six warrants were standing against him. In Judge Dundon's-ourt Wednesday morning he pleadjrailty to the charge and vas assesseda fine of $iU0.Rexall Hair Tonic.Call at the Rexall Drug Store andtret a bottle of that famous RexallHair Tonic. Our store is the place.YARD EN & SON.We Save You Money.J. T. Hinton shows you more wallpnper than ynu sse elsewhere. Hehangs your paper right and "saves youmoney.Big Sale of Town Lots.The sale of town lots in BarnesPlace, conducted by the real estatefirm of Harris & Speakes, attractedcne of the largest crwods ever presenttt a lot sale in this city.The twenty-six lots srld for an, i- 4? OT TOO .. nn n-nrnrU ,-. f )273 each. The lot containing tjie residence was bid to $3,325 and withd'awn. Tho purchasers and pricespiid were as follows:Nc. 1, C. V. Huggins, $400; No. 2.Dr. ThnmaR Ribelm. S405 : No. 3. Lil-ston, Howard & Miller, $355; No. 4, JAir Rnn Kendrick. S300 : No. 5. r. IK. Hedges. S300; No. G. Ur. D. s.Henry, $300; No. 7, M. R. Jacoby,"iG0; No. S. Dr. ID. S. Henry, $390;o.'9, Dr. D. S. Henry, $270; No. 10,Mrs. Zulin" Snyder, $255; No. 11,White Varden. $175; No. 12, Lilleston,Howard & Miller, $455; No. 13. M. R.Jacoby," $375; No. 14, M. J. Woodall,J45 ; No. 15, John Shine, $310 ; No.1G. John Shine, $305; No. 71, P. A.Thompson, 200 ; No 18, Mrs. ZulineSnyder. $120 ; No. 19, P. A. Thompson,M49:No. 20, P. A. Thompson, $110;No. 21. Gorey & Wilder. $73; No. 22,P. A. Thompson, $120 JNo. 23, D. F.Henrr, $10; No. 24, Zuline Snder.s;on- K'n ros Tttnnv fr. iiiiriiev. S2bu:Nc 27. C.lAruwrjrer, $600.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Emma Louis Burley, whoTha3been quite ill with fever, is able to beout.Mrs. W. A. Johnson will leave today for a two .weeks' etay in Michigan. Mr. L. Saloshin will leave Sundayfor Martinsville, Ind, for a two weeks'stay.Mrs. Pigg, mother of Mrs. JamesFergufon, is visiting relatives in Richmond. Mrs. Cassius M. Clay pave aluncheon Wednesday for the SeeingSociety.Mrs. J. F. Wetherall is at the St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, undertreatment.. Mrs. Amos Turney entertained theProgressive Culture Club Wednesdayafternoon.Mrs. L. J. Fretwell left Wednesdayfor Martinsville, Ind., to spendseveral weeks.Master Jesse Griffith, of Ford, isvisiting Mr. and Mrs. Everett Brookshire in this city.Mrs. G rover Baldwin was hostessto the young Ladies Euchre Club yesterday afternoon.Mr?. Luther Rice, of near this citywill entertain the Five Hundred CIudat her home this evening.Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock entertained at Five Hundred at her home onHigh street yesterday afternoon.Rev. O. B. Crockett, who hasbeen visiting relatives in Robertsoncounty, will return home tomorrow.Mr. and Mrs. Brice Steele and Mr.and Mrs. R. K. McCarey will go toLouisville Saturday to attend theracesThere will be a meeting of theLadies' Auxiliary of the A. O. H. atElks Hall Monday evening, May 15 at7:30 o'clock.Mr. J. T. Sharrard, who has beenthe guest of her mother, Mrs. W. K.Gritflih, near Harrison county, returned home Tuesday.Mrs. Lucy Petrpe, who has beenvisiting her daughter Dr. MarthaPetree, has gone to kt. Joseph, Mo ,to visi.t relatives.Miss Fairie Templin, who hasbeen teachng music in public school atCannel City, is visiting her parents,Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Templin.Mrs. Duke Bowles and Mrs. Edward Rassenfcss are in Ashland to attend the annual State Convention ofthe Ladies of the Maccabees. Theywill visit in Huntington, W. Va., today. John I. Farris, son of Jailer andMrs. Jos. Farris, who is at the St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, uiideitreatment for typhoid fever, is rapidlyrecovering and will be able to returnhome next week. ri5.tf&The following invitation has beenreceived from Dr. Robert RaymondMcMillan, son of Mrs. Sallie McMillan, of Paris, who is a graduate ofthe Louisville College of Denistry :"The Faculty and Calssof theLouisville College of DenistryDental DeoartmentofThe Central Univresiry of Kentuckyrequests your presence at theCommencement rjxercisesMonday evening. May twenty-second,at eight o'clock,McCauley's Theatre,Louisville."Straw Hats Today.Rough weaves are the thing. Seeour window display of straws andPanamas.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Read the Ad.Read J. TVH in ton's display ad.Committee to Meet.There will be a meeting of the Bourbon County Republican Committee onSaturday, May 20, at 2 o'clock p. m.for the purpose of selecting a successor to Geo. W. Stuart, who recentlyresigned as Chairman of the committee. Fresh Every Day.Fee's Brick 'Cakes, Silver-Slice,Devil Food and Raisin cakes. Nothingfiner with berries. Fresh every day.Our $2 Panamas.Fine woven and full shapes,like S5. but we sell them for S2.LookJ. W. DAVIS & COLACE CURTAINS.Special prices on (ace cut -tainsthis week.J. T. HINTON.Modern Property.Read the 'advertisement in anothercolumn of the valuable real estate tobe offered for sale on May IS by Mr.George W. Wilder.Tor Sale PrivatelyDESIRABLEResidence ProperlyON SECOND STREET.1 ofFer for sale privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andLiilleston avenue. Contains five room?,two halls, bath, pantry, back" andfront porches; cellar under entirehouse ; gas throughout ; water in yardand house; sewer connection. Theresidence fronts on Second street, andis extremely desirable; fine shadetrees on all sides. Immediate possession can be given.Prospective purchasers invited to inspect the premises.TERMS. Made known on application to the undersigned- JOHN ARKLE.12 tf '" Home Fhcne 211.Recovery Doubtful.Mrs. W. H. Roberts, who with herhusband, Mr. VV. H. Roberts, conducted the Fordhara Hotel in Paris, several years ago, fell at her home in Lexington last week and broke her hipAn X-ray exaimnatiun was made andon account of her age, her recovery isdotb ful. Mr. Roberts is the motherof Misses Nannie and Stella Roberts,who often visit in Paris.Devil Food Cakes.Try one of Fee's Devil Food Cakeswith strawberries.An OrdinanceFor Construction of PavementsCity Hall. Paris, Ky., May If, 1911.Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the City of Paris,Ky.That the hereinafter named properlyowners are hereby required to construct sidewalks in front of theirproperty, abutting on the streets hereinafter named. Said sidewakls are tobe of the present established width onsaid streets and are to be constructedof concrete with concrete curb according to the specifications to be subfflitted by the Improvemant Committee, and are to be constructedon a grade to be establishedby the Improvement Committee. The construction of a sidewalk must be completed not latre thanthiity (30) days after the publicationof this ordinance. If the said work Isnot completed by said time the CityCouncil ;shall, after advertising forbids for the construction that remainsto be done.'let the contracts and issuewarrants to be a lien on the property.The property owners required to construct sidewals under this ordinanceare as follows:Main street,between Boone andFifteenth.Martin Doyle, Mr. FJ. Cheek orRose Inglps.Between Boone andFourteenthstreets.Mrs. Rose Ingles or F. J. Cheek,Ranson Heirs, F. J. Cheek, Wm.White, Mrs. Cannie Smith.Between Fourteenth and Thirteenthstreets.Attorney Tom Moore, A. W. Cottingham, Harvey Hibler, Sr.Main and High, Between Thirteenthand Twelfth, including Thirteenthstreet.Tom McDonald, G. W. Wilder.Between Twelfth and Eleventhstreets.ClayHutchcraft, Mrs. Belle Alexander.Beginning at Kentucky Midland railroad, running down East side Mainbetween Midland crossing and Fourteenth street.L. & N. Railroad Co., to adjoiningproperty of G. W. Bacon or WalterClark. E. F. Spears & Sons, Ardsry &Edwards, Ed Caldwell, two lots. MissJulia Edwards, 2 lots, Mrs. McCarney,R. B. Hutchcraft, G. W. Minter, CeliaMclntyre, Jno. T. Hinton, Mrs.Sweeney, Ossian Edwards.Between Fourteenth and Twelfthcfclppf"c;E. Stamler, Jas. Porter, T. T.Templin, Ossian Edwards.Beginning Main and Nineteenthstreet, Wesc sidp.C. Arnsparger, Tom Williams, Mr.Godman, W. P. Ardery, Miss FrankieSidener, Mr. Nippert. R. B. Hutchcraft, two lots.Beginning corner Main and Sixteenth streets.Wm. Clark.Sixteenth street.Holt Henry, Lon Houston, Miss ErieHeniy.Main street, between Fifteenth andSixteenth.Ed Tingle, Mrs. N. C. Henry, Mr.Brown, Sam Summers.Main street, between Sixth andSeventh. r li.ff:r:rMrs. Mollie Roche, Geo. Rassenfoss.Main street, between Seventh andEighth.Mrs. Mnllie Roche.Seventh street, between Main andPleasant.Geo. Rassenfoss.Eighth street.J. A. Schwartz heirs.Ninth street, between High andMainMrs. C. Wilson, Paris Grand OperaHouse Co.Tenth street, between High andMain.J. T. Hinton, Mrs. Julia Doyle, Mrs.Jos. Grannan.Second street.Henry Fuhrman.Fourteenth street between Pleasantand railroad.R. M. Harris.J. T. HINTON. Mayor.J. W. Hayden, City Clerk.Sealed Bids.Sealed proposals will be received atthe Paris Postoflice until 2 o'clock p.m., May 20, 1191, for items for use inthe U. S. Government Building atParis, Ky., as follows:Fifty tons of Bituminous Coal.Four Cords Wood.Electric current general lightingand fans.Gas general lighting, emergencylighting and for heating water fortoilet purposes.Water serice.Ice 9,200 pounds.5 waste baskets.1 dozen warehouse brooms,xcorn.1-2 dozen dust brushes.1 dozen scrub brushes.2 floor brushes.2 window cleaners, runber.. 2 dust pans.2 screw drivers.2 wrenches.1 hatchet.1 hamner.2 large shovels.1 cross-cut saw. I.1 rip saw.1 brace and set of bits. - --2 chisels.Washing of 95 riczsn hand towels.Removing 25 cubic yar Js ashes. -FOLDING BED F0K SALE.Mantel Folding Bed, comparativelynew. .Apply toMRS. THOS. McDONALD.SIS High street.Notice to .Applicants.'All applications for position asteacher in the schools of Bourboncounty must be filed with the Secretary of the Division Board, and in duplicate in the office of County Superintendent of Schools on or before thefirst day of June. 9 6tDr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestNew Records For May.Victor and Edison.A Few of Them:Gems from "Floradora," HallStuart. Gems from "Erminie," Jakoboswaks Victor Light Opera Co.Po'Mo'ner Got a Plome at Last,'Fisk Jubilee Quartet.Boston Virginia Eeed DanceQuartet.That's Why I Never Got Marriad, From "The Slim Princess 'Billy Murray.Come in and hear them.Baugberfy BrosMain Street,PARIS, KENTUCKYI R1FRI6ERATJBSIaHRight Now, While Our Stock is Full and Complete,let us supply your needs in the Refrigerator line.We have the best Refrigerator made, the celebratedIt IsGuaranteedMy medium Refrigerator is the STAR My Cheap Refrigerator is the MAJESTIC My Cheapest Refrigerator is the NEWJCEBERG.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O.-Hin-ton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286.J. T. HINTONi1Special.LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.:OurW. Ed.IIFEESJowlSugar Cured NothingOur PriceArgoThe Best3 Five CentL:&sFEENORTHrli;HBiBPHWSH)Fs3SSESf v40MIjIt Saves Ice and Money.SEE OUR LINE OfLawn Swings,Porch Chairs and Benches,Porch Swings, Porch Shades- and Porch Rugs.We Show the Most We Save You Money.Tucker."ICut RateCash SpecialsMeatfiner for Seasoning.per lb.Is:GStarch ,Starch MadeBoxes For 10cSTARIt Is LinedWith Corkiv i' -3IvATHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 12, . 1911.fc 1fII1Remedy for Whooping Cough.A delightful remedy has at last beenfound for "whooping cough. Dr. Rodriguez Portilla of Madrid maintainsafter lengthy experiments, that allthat is required is for the patient to betaken for a daily motor car drive.Untenable Ground."By the way. why do you permityour children to believe In fairies?""I can't tell them there are no fairies Sand then expect them to believe inmicrobes " Washington Herald.J2 Seaweeds.Seaweeds do not obtain nourishmentfrom the soil at the bottom of the sea,but from the matter contained in seawater.Provision for the Poor.Fish is bought by the carload inStuttgart and other south Germancities under the supervision of thecity authorities, and sold at lowprices for the benefit of the poor."Knows Better Now.Teacher Tommy, you should haveknown better than to fight with thatWilliams boy. Tommy I know,ma'am, but I thought I could lick himi Health and Home.Where Votes Are Gartered."Do you have oratory in your campaigns?" "Some," replied the political boss. "Just enough to enable thepeople who vote our way to give someeort of an excuse for it."P35"tSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSTALLIONS ADVERTISED.Attention is directed to the follow-on anotheraLook for this Sign on Leading GaragesYou cannot know what a good tire isuntil you try a michelin properly inflatedIN STOCK BYBourbon Garage & Supply Company,EB1HndxJim Allen Wins-No. 1386Have Stood The Test.jfettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. IVTWillrams,ThCjShoe Man.ltm, lib , m wmspring ouimhkm.We wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class" men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Ber,jamine'sFine Suits range in prices from$20 to $35tExuals the finest tailor made.Twin BrosLWOLISTFIN 'B Clothing and Shoe Department.SsKMSSJMSKSSSgping stallions advertisedpage of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon Norab, 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Hinkson Black Prince.Sterling Hinkson Burley.JACKS.Charlton Clay Tom Mack.Saved Many from Death.W. L. Mock, of Mock, Ark., believeshe has saved many lives in his 25years of experience in the drug business. "What I always like to do,"he writes, "is to recommend Dr.King's New Discovery for weak, sorelungs, hard colds, hoarseness, obstinate coughs, lagrippe, croup, asthmaor other bronchial affection, for Ifeel sure that a number of my neighbors are alive and well today becausethey took my advice to use it. 1 honestly believe its the best throat andlung medicine that's made." Easy toprove he's right. Get a trial bottlefree, or regular 50c qr $1.00 bottle.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Left Him Pondering.Old Friend "Well. I'm pleased tohave met your charming wife, Fred.You must be very jealous of her."Fred (confidentially) "Well, I takecare never to introduce her to anyman that a sane woman could take afancy to." Stray Stories.tr 1- ..On the Eligible List."So you think that Baron Fucash islikely to propose to me?" said thebeauteous heiress. "Yes," repliedMrs. Cumrox. "I think there 4s aprobability. You see, his creditors arepressing him and he's got to proposeto somebody."Business Hydropathy.The use of water as an anaestheticis now declared to be old practice,even in major operations. It is understood that water has been extensively employed by operators in removing countless millions of dollarsfrom the American people.Starts Much Trouble.If all people knew what neglect ofconstipation would result in severeindigestion, yellow jaundice or virulent liver trouble they would soontake Dr. King's New Life Pills andend it. Its the only safe way. Bestfor billiousness, headache, dyspepsia,chills and debility.2oc at Oberdorfer's.One Way of Looking at It."I have always worked ten or fifteenhours a day," said the boastful man"Well," replied the perverse philosopher, "it must be remarkably easywork, or you couldn't do so much orit"No Use."You should have one of these bedroom telephones," said the agent"No. thank you," replied the housewife. "Neither my husband nor Italk in our sleep." Detroit FreePress.Undisputed."A man who allows his wife to haveher own way," says a Boston profesBor, "is a philosopher and a diplomat"Ergo, millions of married men arephilosophers and diplomats.No Crczncc."I think it's wrong for a marriedman to gamble." "It's worse thanwrong; it's idiotic. His wife giveshim fits if he loses, and confiscatesthe proceeds if he wins." Tit-Bits.Whickers."Although you i.ave refused to bemy wife, don't you think you couldlearn to love." "Well. I might. Tonce learned to like spinach." Philadelphia Bulletin.Life's Limitations."Our present horizon is our greatestreach of sight, but unless we makeour way toward it we shall never finda farther reach."Svlag Shooting in Scotland.About 4,400 stags are killed annuallyon the moors of Scotland.Word of Wise Man."The true university of these dayla a collection j books." Carlyle.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlvmercury, with pure Botanical jngredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. ' Druggists or byexpress, grper large Dottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co..Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Plows,Harrows,Corn Planters,Cultivators.Vulcan Plows,McCormick andB. H. Disk Harrows,rRacine, Sattley and JaynesvilleCorn Planters.The Brinly Leverless andAvery Cultivators.Are First Class Implements and For Sale bymBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.WCurtis & Overby,BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawford3 Oliairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions,pure drugs andprompt service.Varden & Son.Druggisr8S55mmmmmmMWMMMMMMSPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shopping' our Drygoods and Ready-to-Wear Millinery andShoe Department. Wo have for your inspection afashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits, Drygoods,Skirts, Dress Goods,Dresses, Silks,Waists. White Goods,Silk Petticoats, Laces,Muslin Underwear, Trimmings.,Slippers, Embroideries,Millinery, Flaxons, Etc."We arc always pleased to have you call and seeour handsome Spring selection.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyI rXJ flOT re T UTTTLr 1SUCCESSORS TOHOLLIDAY & SETTLEcarriage and Repair shod at. Paris, Ky-V.Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.J?riEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into trie landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us. . rWe Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & M'f g Company,PARIS, KY.Yard at Of f ice,15th and Main Sts.tiHome Phone 12; T. 530n. ..'-,JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, M.Y 12, 1911.FREE REMEDY HELPS CHILDRENf V (fcBLACK HAWKCORN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROP!Light Draft, Simple Construction.XXiXSLWur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill,- but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in, strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak soil, in comparisonwith deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child to do a man's work. This is a reasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill vithoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or 17 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart, without stopping the team.Hand Drop Attachment with each Planter, has Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rows and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.Yerkes & Kenney,Paris, KentuckvTHE BARSINISTERBy FRED L. YOUNGCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Buildihe.Dr. Wm- Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 314 Main Street.Office Phones )Zelk( E T 334Residence Hom'e 33.DR. A. U KELLEtt,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - Kentucky6. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building. . '920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Jfnnk LangbomifflBBSlSIH&tSH&j yMLaLHi:I'lsf I 1 J m M-BVrII tluargoieo s.Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,LIParis, Ky.BnsffiimSWorse ThanAn Aching Toothis a crying corn that murdersyou at every step you canhave the tooth pulled, but youcan't have the foot extracted.The Corndodger Last is madefor the man who is much onhis feet does not fret cornsor make corns. The bestshoe and the most comfortable shoe that is made.VOur Stetson line includes extremelysnappy youngmen's styles aswell. It will pay toget acquainted.Mitchell & Blakemore" Stetsons cost more by' the pair,but less by the year."Balked at Cold Steel."I wouldn't let a doctor cut my footoff," said II. D. Ely, Bantam, Ohio,"although a horrible ulcer had besnthe plague of my life for lour years.Instead I usedimcklen's Arnica Salvej and my fool was soon completely curied." Heals burns, boils, eores, bruises,eczema, pimples, corns. Surest pilecure. 2oc at Oberdorfer'jJoe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co-'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronaere solicited.SIncerest Form of Flattery."Mrs. Huffington Tefuse to speakto that ckk model." aid one youngwoman. "Yes," replied the other."But sbA trtee her oet to look likeEndures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Usi Tmt MmSUmg, Ctori K. Okie.Jtutus Colliat, Preside,Scritr Prfloi Ceet ft.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Davey Tree Expert Co.,Kent, Ohio.' Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tree Surgery,of Kent Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER.40CPlt3snt street.Home phone 254. -' Parii.Ky.We are apt to prize "what we are nolused to. 1 suppose one reason thdaughters of our multimillionaires areinclined to marry foreigners with titlesis that titles are not an American institution. What gives them their glamour is that they are not American.t When on a visit to England I visitedthe Earl of Bannerton. We were sitting one evening together drinking portwine and smoking. The walls werecovered with portraits of his ancestors."We Americans," I said, "envy youyour family histories, your blood, yourancestral homes. What a fine thingit is to feel that you have pure blueblood in your veins, especialty whenthere is no taint in it."The earl smiled. "What would yousay," he replied, "if I told you that mygrandfather was a highwayman?""I should say you were amusingyourself.""He was.""A highwayman?""Yes. Come, I will show you 'hisportraits and that of his wife, mygrandmother."lie led me into a room used exclusively for family likenesses and stopped before two portraits, a youngman and a j'oung woman. The manmust have been extremely handsome.Wo sat down, and he told me theirstory while, I was looking at them asthey were when the events narratedoccurred."The young bloods of England inolden times wore not as vicious insome respects as they are today. Theydrank pretty hard, but they were noteffeminate. When they were notfighting foreign enemies or engaged incruel warfare an outlet was requiredfor their surplus vitality. One day SirRoger Smartlcigh was driving on aroad with his daughter Clarissa thegirl faced lady you see before youwhen his coach was stopped. A horseman appeared at the window and demanded what he called 'alms.' liewas masked, of course, but he had themanner of a courtier. Captivated byClarissa's beauty, he swung his hatin deference to her like the hero of asixpenny novel of the present day.Sir Roger emptied his pockets, holdingout the contents, with his watch, tothe highwayman." 'Never mind those,' said the robber. 'If the young lady will give methat bit of lace she wears about herthroat I will ask no more.'"Glad to escape with so little damage, Sir Roger bade his daughter giveup her lace. She obeyed like a dutiful child, handing it to the highwayman. " 'I only ask it as a loan,' he said,and will bring it to you in person.'"'If you do,' said Sir Iloger, 'youwill be taken and hanged to the highest gibbet in England." 'That prospect will only enhancethe zest of the visit,' replied the man.'Resides, to see this beautiful girlonce more I would bo willing to dangle from a rope's end.'"The coach was driven on and thehighwayman left behind."Several months after that Sir Rogerand Lady Smartlcigh gave a maskedball. The dancing was at its heightwhen Clarissa observed a figure dressed as a Spanish toreador which seemed to her the acme of manly form.Determined to discover if possible whohe was, as soon as the dar.ee was finished she resolved to join him. Whenhe parted from his partner he madeher a bow, sweeping the floor with hishat, and she knew there was but oneman in England who could make sogrand a salute."She stood undecided, her heart beating like a kettledrum, for she knewthe highwayman had come on hispromised visit, and she rememberedher father's threat. At the momentthe highwayman turned and, seeingher, came toward her, thrusting intoher hand a bit of lace. His own handtouched hers, and he felt hers tremble. "That touch, that quiver, precipitated a love affair. The man knew shewas trembling for him, and she wasinfatuated by the frightful risk he ranto visit her. lie drew her hand throughhis arm and led her out on to the dimly lighted terrace."There was the usual melting of thewoman under the warm sun of love.At first she demanded in an assumedtone of severity what right he hadthere, and when the rascal told herthat he had come to see her and dieshe threw her arms about him andbegged him to flee for his life. Howhe could flee when she wouldn't lethim go I don't know. Sir Roger hadgot a glimpse of the fellow when hewas making his courtly bow and, having seen it before, knew his guest. liemade his way through a crowd ofdancers as fast, as he could, but beforehe reached his man the latter had disappeared, for Clarissa, hearing her father roaring and swearing and crying'Where is the villain?' opened herarms, and the robber was in the garden and over the fence like the boy oftwenty-two he was."Clandestine meetings between thelovers followed the ball, and a secretmarriage followed the meetings. Thehighwayman the handsome chap wasthe second son of my great-grandfatherdidnot live with his wife fortwo years after their marriage, for Ifhe had showed himself he would havegot the rope. But after his elder brother died childless and, he inherited thetitle he got a pardon and acknowledgedhis wife, aii'l I am one of their descendants.'Many a mother has learned of away of avoiding sickness in her family, especially among the children, bythe use of a free sample bottle of thefamous laxative, Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. This offer of the doctor's tosend a free sample bottle has been responded to by thousands of womenin all parts of America.Dr. CaldwelPs Syrup Pepsin is atruly wonderful laxative and especially adapted to the needs of babiesand children because it is pleasant totaste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is allthat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for thewhole family because it is effectiveat all ages. -It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should not be given to children under any circumstances.Nyie times out of ten when a. cJmMcomplains and you don't know exactly what is the matter witk it, itneeds a laxative its bowels are constipated. Syrup Pepsin will correctthe trouble, tone up the child aatfsoon it will be well again wosderful results have been secured with.Syrup Pepsin over nightYou can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, -thelatter being the family size, but yotiare invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address todav and he wilt mAyou a free sample bottle direct toyour home. Then when satisfied buyit ui your iavorue uruggiscFor the free sample address hinuDr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding, Monticello, 111.TOM MACKThe'Premium Jack.Fine black jack, 16 hands high, largelone, mealy nose , and belly, 5 yearsId, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Mack will make the season of111 at Marchmont Stock Farmon theWinchester pike, 2 miles east of Paris,at10 jior Mares and $15 for JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonney is paid. Mares kept at S3 prnth or ten cents per day on grass.N responsible for accidents or escapes. fc fJ-i -Wofg-rlJZuCHARLTON A. CLAY,E. T. Phone 57,R. F. D. No. 2, Pari. Ky.THE SADDLE STALLION,155 hands high, heavy mane 'and tailwill make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living Cok.BEN D'OR is by McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.Firsfc darn, Nacy, by Lovely, he byLedger ; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colt3 until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents ''orescapes.j T. B. STITH.K. F. D. No. 1, Paris, KyWoodland Stock Farmeadquarters For Draft 3 Horses.BLACK e'KINCENo. 4S.710 fc$1 5 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidvype of the draft horse, three years)ld, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight Has proven to bs a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatrvill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.BURLEYBlack PercheronWt. 1760$15 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both upon the farm and in the cities. They nstand more work than the generalof horses. Burley is 7 years old ahoan"fciful black. He is well-tormeuatuH)?the class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price.The above horses will make the season of 1 91 1 at Woodlawn Stock FarmAb u 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt iafoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HIINKSOIN,;ilair, Ky."ftr LOCANDA 203,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestdon of the mighty Allerton 2:0!). champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam wras the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:11. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:15; was thechampion racing stallion of 190J-1905; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record 2:05;3even-year-old record 2:03; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A; LIVING FOALNORAB 36915, Trial 2.18, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:03) by Graud Sentinel$15 EOR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACONMaplehurst Farm,' Paris,Kentucky ti-B I 11DcUawinIKO.,IPacking"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersandMealers.BaldwinPacking Oo.Paris, Kentucky.Vher." Lduisvllle Co1er-JoarmaLrVijSgjw tiwnmmwxmmmp"umiwwi iwTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 12, 1911,ksNILLERSBURG ITEMS.CLINTONVILLE ITEMS.wV iI IIHftJranimmmm1 fiRI 1 1I1An elegant showing ofMen's and Boys' Clothing, Hats, Caps and Furnishings at Prices.that will Save You ?ylany Dollars3PAHi,Wm. jJKYX 'tffvi iv& ?'&' vt jfi Vt jfI.Iti B MHO C3GSZZE3BB IDAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGN'WE WILL POSITIVELY SAVEYOU MONEY ON YOURCLOTHINGICome and SeeIt will take you just a few minutes tolook over our line of Men's and Boys7Clothing, and in that way you can find outto your own satisfaction whether or not itwould pay you to buy here.Be just as critical, just as exacting, justas sha) peyed as you can, when you cometo see these clothes. Try them on, standbefore the mirror and see how you look inthem. You will then realize that nowhereelse can you get as much real value formoney as here. ,Why can we sell for less moneythan other stores? Simply because we reduce every expense toa minimum low rent very littleclerk expense, cash buying, c.m WelssherHome For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,KENTUCKYv 'vJfi YyVi j' ' VW iK3 5?vS ?& 5yAW jJSt-XT ' IThe Footwear we are showing is"Smart to the Limit,"A fact which the wide-awake customer will appreciateat a glance. But that is not all our showing of Springand Summer Footwear is replete with i.ew styles thatalso combineComfort and Quality.The patterns are cf approved shapes and are theproduct of the best workmanship. And here is anotherfact that the people of Paris should know, that ourShoes are retailed at wholesalepHces, which means a great savingto you.Come to us for your Footwear needs.We Have Some Very Extraordinary Values on SaleThis Week That Will Interest You.?mzVmm'?.45Vi 5xfVl jr)XL 5vWtt jfrvL iviVI y) i XfcE9HP!5ilISTrK.m$-ZS t-wt-v v aJ " l SiV jcm.j-r r 1 ..I Mrs. tL.T. Vimont is among: thesick.Mr. W. M. Hamilton, who hasbeenquite ill, is able to be out agian.Kev. K. S. Sanders returned Tuesday after a two weeks' vacation withfriends in Virginia.Mr. Claude Meal, of Newport, arrived Tuesday as the guest of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Neal.Mr. George Howard sold his homerecenly built iu Judyville.to Mr. Newt.Armes. Price private.Miss Frances Burroughs will leaveSaturday for a week's visit to MissEmma Duncan at Lexington.Mr. W. M. Vimont spent Tuesdayand Wednesday with his sister, Mrs.W. A. Munzing, at Maysville.Mrs. K. R. Vaught, of Parker, Ind.,arrived Tuesday as the guet of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy.Flowers Carnations androsee. Placeyour commencement order early.12 at LOUISE CRAY, Agent.Mrs. Joe W. Mock and children leftWednesday for a visit to her grandfather, Mr. Carr, at Carr's Landing.Mr. J. G. Lynch and family iovedTuesday from the property of Mrs.Sude Sandusky to the Baptist parsonage. Mrs. C. C. Chanslur returned Tuesday after a two weeks' visit to hermother, Mrs. Wright, and family atMaysville.M. M. I. and Carlisle will cress bataon'M. M. I. grounds this afternoon at3 o'clock. The game premises to bean interesting one.Mr. D. E. Clarke has old his handsome home in Butler .Accition to hisfather, Mr. J. H. Clart , terms private. Mr. U. E. Clarke v. ill probablylive in Judyville.The primary departmei t cf the M.F. C. will give their annual entertainment Saturday evening, .uy 27, inthe college chapel under the directionof Miss Sallie Mclrtyre. principal cfthe department.The tax party given by the LadiesAid Society of the Christian church atthe home of Mr. U. S. G. PepperThursday night was well attended.Merriment reigned supreme and agood time was in store for everyone.Something was doing during the entiretime. Ices and cakes were served during the evening.Money to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from $2,000 up. at the lowrate of 5 per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at oh per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.0. H. COLLIER, Agent,14a?.m Hurst Home Insurance Co.(1f(0)Is x Fop 9i " mThe New Better Value StoreC. Ml. Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" Building- BOTH TELEPHONESServices at the Clintonville Christian church next Sunday, May 14, byA. Sanders, pastor, at 11 a. m. and 8p. m. Morning theme, "Benevolenceis Spiritual 'ood;" evening theme,"Ugly Places Made Beautiful." Bibleschool at 10 a. m. Song an I prayerservices 7:30 p. m.Wool.We are buying wool. Will pay thehighest market price. Come get yoursacks and twine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,28 8t Either phone 84.Sued for liack Taxes.Last week at Lexington JohnDonaldson, who sold his farm on theGeorgetown pike to Wm. Ferguson,and moved to Lexington, was sued byM. P. Rehorn, revenue agent for thestate-altarge, for taxes for the year of1910 en personal property, consistingcf lien and mortgage notes and cashdeposit to the amount of $102,870, thestatement alleging that the propertywas in the counties of Fayette, Bourbon, Clark, Montgomery and Bath andwas not listed on September 1, 1910.Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis & Overby has secured the agency for a Columbus firmfor toupees, wigs and hair goods of ailDescriptions. The prices on wigs andtoupees range from S15 up. 10 tfVisits His. Old Comrade.The Lexington Leader of Wednesdaycontained the following"Lieut. Joseph E. Hedges, only surviving commissioned officer of his command in the Confederate army is aguest cf Capt. Edward Taylor, thiscity, and the two noble old soldiers arehaving the time of their lives, reveling in reminiesences of the days thattried men's souls in a conflict that hashad no equal in the annals of war."Capt. Taylor and Lieut. Hedgeswere associated in the command ofCompany C, of the late Col. W. C. P.Breckinridge's regiment, the NinthKentucky, and have bean cloae friendsthioughout the half century ,since thewar."L;eut. Hedges was one of the attendants at Captain Taylor's marriageand is the enly survivor. LieutenantColonel Stoner and the others havinggone ta their reward a number ofyears ago. Captain Tayloi is the lastbut one of the captains of ColonelBrekinridge's regiment the other being Captain James F. Frazier, ofCompany F."Illness caused Lieutenant Hedgesto go to the Confederate Home atPeswec Valley last October. At thattime he weighed only 142. Now heturns the bam at 175. He is warm inhi3 praises of Captain George's management of the home, and says thatall the veterans are well cared for andattended."Rexall Hair Tonic.Call at the Rexall Drug Store andget a buttle of that famous RexallHair Tonic. Our store is the place.YARD EN & SON.This SpringWe have got together what wecall about the best all-roundshowing of Furniture that we oranyone else has ever asked youto look through.We are sure our stock as itstands to-day will verify thatstatementThis ad is to invite people toCALL.It is to tell them that we thinkit a pleasure to show lookers.There is nothing in furnishings thatyour home can need to make it -morebeautiful, but it's here.Here in all the beauty of thenewest designs, and in all thecompleteness of variety forwhich this store is known.Bourbon Ctllcgc Cmaticemeit. The commencement exercises cfBourbon College will be held May21-24, the graduating clais being composed of the following: Ruth Soper,Sydnie Burn's, Franklin Hopkins, Emmanetiat Morford, Ethel Lair, BelleKiser. Mary Hedges Clay, KatherineMurphy, Annie Daugherty, MargueriteCalvert, Mary Belle Wyatt and LouiseMyall.The baccalaureate sermon will hepreached on Sunday, May 21. at theChristian church, by Elder Carey E.Morgan.Monday evening there will be an entertainment at the college, the program consisting of music and elocution. Tuesday evening at the opera housetheg class in physical culture will givean interesting entertainment.The commencement exercises willbe held on Wednesday evening at theChristian church. The address to thegraduates will be delivered by President H. G. Sheaftp, of Hamilton College, in Lexington.Fly Time.Keep out the pesky house fly. Wehave screen doors and windows of ailsizes that will do it, also screen wirtby the yard. Now is the time to gee9 4t LAV1N & CONNELL.Tom Davidson Shoots Spicer.Thomas Davidsrn, who last Decerrber wo tried in the Bourbon Circu nCourt m connection with John Davidson, Hacker Combs and Jason Deatcn,for the murder of John Abner, shotand probably fatally wounded BummerSpicer at a railroad camp near Jackson Monday. Spicsr was taken to aLexingtcn hospital where he lies in acritical condition with a dangerojawound in his right thigh.Davidson, who is a Deputy SheriT,claims that he was compelled to sheetSpicer because the latter was resistingarrest. Davidson is a cousin of JascnDeatun, who was killed a few weeksago in thi? same neighborhood by AnseW hite, Spicei is prominently "connected, being a cousin of former Ccngressmtin South Trimble and varnnmembara of the South family.Four years ago Spicer shct and ki.'ed Jim Johnson, a nephew of the laJudge James Marcum, near the sansuspec where he was shot.Chinamel.We are aeents for Chinamel, tha;great floor dressing. Nothing ottter.Anybody can use it.VARDEN & SON.Fine Horses Burned.At Mt. Olivet, Robertson ccLntyTuesday night fire descroyed the training stablss of Asbury and Andersontogether with twenty head of fineshow mares and stallions. The loss isestimated at $20,000.Modern Property.Read the advertisement in anothercolumn of the valuable real estate tobe offered for sale on May IS by Mr.George W. Wilder.iito(0)$nj$..--a -Ystt .CE3.i;,!