E&f&v"y- -""VVTHEEWS.,--PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 4, 1911.NUMBER 53"' VBd-h. ifei Di hi pm, k. . gttnl RRHNr i ! - - -, .. .- -.DesiraDIe Home at Auction.The beautiful new home on Cypressstreet, belonging to the old firm, theParis Lumber & Manufacturing Co.;will be sold on Tuesday, July 11, at twoo'clock, p. m., for the purpose of winding up the affairs of this firm.This is the best property that hasever been offered under the hammer inParis, and is going to be sola for whatit will bring. The house contains eightrooms, halls, porches, pantry, presses,bath room, gas, electric lights, andeverything that goes to make a complete and up-to.date residence. Thematerial in this building is the best, andthe down stairs floors are of hardwood.The location of this property is themosL desirable in Paris, and if you arein the market for a model home, beDEATHS.sure and attend 'this sale.For further information, read theirad in this issue, and talk it over withHARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Low Round Trip Fares QueenCrescent Roule.ne yueen & urescent Koute announces low fares will be in effect account Fourth of July. Tickets will beonTsale July 1, 2, 3 and 4, final limit toreturn July 8. Ask Ticket Agent fornarticulars.W. A. BECKLER,General Passenger Agent.insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfMrs. Abner J. League died Wednesday nierht in Columbus, Ga. whereshe had lived for ten years. She wasI the wife of A. J. League, President ofthe uolumbus Iron Works and daugh-' ter of Prof, and Mrs. Armende, of, Washnigton, D. C. She tvas born andraised in Paris where she has manyfriends who will be grieved to hear ofher death. Besides her husband bhe is,survived by one sister and one brother.In Kansas City, Mo., on Thursday,June 29, Prof. D. B. Longan diedfrom an abdominal operation. Prof.Longan was the father of Dr. S. W.I Longan, of this city, who was withhis parent when he died. He is survived by his wife, who before her marriage was a Miss Emma Laird, daughter of the late Rev. Moses F.v Laird,at cne time a minster of th gospel atNorth Miiddletown. He also leavesj three son?.I Prof. Longan was connected withI the public schools of Kansas City for1 thirty-one years, and was assist?ntsuperintendent for fifteen years. The(funeral was held in Kansas City Fii-day.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issued yesterday to Mr. Robert R. Yohey andMiss Mildred C. Freese.Blue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you withsacks. Both phones.6 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.S&;iIP TJ R WISEW Take Advantage of These Prices :V.iAStandard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 3-2Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams 15White Bacon, per pound - 10Santee Syrup, 1-2 gal can 15Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can : . . .20ICaro Syrup, 1 gal. can....-.-.-.v:-!Vl. r?-r. -.40Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Ivory Soap. 6 bars 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans '. - 25All RolledlSeal Oats, 3 boxes 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans , 25'wwwMcCreary Wins in State PrimaryUnofficial returns from the Statewide Democratic primary held Saturday indicate the nomination of JamesB. McCreary for Governor by a majority of 30,000. Garnett has won overO. H. Pollard fur Attorney General byabout the same figures Hamlett, forSuperintendent of Public Instruction,will have about 25,000 plurality overLittrell and Eubank; J. W. Newmanmade a runaway race for Commissioner of Agriculture, his plurality probably being larger than that of McCreaiy for Governor. R. L. Greene'smajoiity over J. Morgan Chinn forClerk ot the Court of Appeals will beabout 15,000.Returns from twenty-five countiesare missing. Two races are fatill indoubt. Tne races for Lieutenant Governor and State Auditor are close contests. From returns received in theLieutenant Governor's race James P.Ed wards leads E. J. McDermott by asmall vote. These same returns showRuby Laffoon leading Henry M. Bosworth 3,711 votes. Meager reportsfrom some of the missing counties indicate that McDermott may overcomeEdwards' lead.The election in Bourbon passed offquietly with little interest being manifested in any oEthe races and nof morethan half of the total Democraticstrength in the county.The vote is as follows: For Senator. Paynter 58, James 851 ; for Governor, McCreary 811, Addams 294; forLieutenant Governor, McDermott 654,Edwards 162, Stuart 189; for Auditor,Laffoon 437. BoswortK 592 ; for Superintendent of Public Instruction, Hamlett 212, Littrell 366, Eubanks 368; forCommissioner of Agncuture, Newman529, Wyatt 151 Hill 278; for Clerk ofCourt of Appeals, Greene 602, Chinn338; for Attorney General Garnett 481,Howard 473 for Secretary of State,Crecelius 81b; for State Treasurer,Thos. S. Rhea 781.In the two North Middletown precincts a total of 129 ballots were cast,only two of which were voted for Addams. Six precincts in the city of Parisgave McCreary a majority of 132 overAddams. Most of the opposition to theMadison candidate was centered inthis city, but Addams failed to carry asingle precinct in the city and in onlyone prceinct in the entire county didhe receive a majority of votes?1The county of Madison, McCreary'shome, rolled up a majority of 2.52Sfor its favorite son. Addams receivedonly 34.r"We Know How."Guaranteed Patent LeatherShtfoes..w"IorrecjSljape"You can see the point, noneed of further argument.Plenty of room and yet anacme of style and quality.Why not a pair todayPATENT "BURRO J APS"GUARANTEED 1 !What do you thinkof that?Burt & Packard Co.Makersbrockton,Mass.7 SLAin.B R?5?!vXl I --- aTHE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55Fresh Fish Every Friday and Saturday& The Grocery StoreiMvilof Quality. jSTenement House Burned.Saturday a tenement house and barnon the farm of David Crorabie, nearRuddles Mills were destroyed by fire.4 The house was occupied by the familyof Alonga Klump, and they saved VLtylittle of their household furniture, asthe roof was read to fall in before theflames were discovered. It is supposed that the fire originated from adefective flue.The barn, w,hich was comparativelynew, was situated about 200 yardsfrom the house, and caught fire fromflying sparks. It was entirely destroyed, together with the contents, twobuggies, a binder and some feed.The total loss is about $1,500, with noinsurance.There is some satisfaction in buying a 'pair ofPatent Leather Shoes from this store, and the reason is every pair of Shoes sold by us for $4 areabsolutely guaranteed not to crack. If they do wewill give you a new pair free. The Korrect Shape$4 Shoesin Patent Leathers, Gun Metals and Tansare sold with this guarantee, and why do yuo wantto buy other brands of patent leathers that will goto pieces on ycm. Come to this store where yourdollar will go farther than any place else. We areshowing all styles, both in High Cuts and Oxfords.The Stetson Shoes for $5 and' $6 have no equalwhen it comes to a high grade Shoe. Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes are just the thing for men whosuffer with aching feet. Come in and try a pair.Mifcchell & Blakemore9IParis, Kentucky,Outfitters-.o-IVlen.4 -fc -a-M----xa-,-rr - .-..--.-w . r. uw es? -aaBK--? mmmmmmmmm 5?5? --- HilHiHiV9r:h Bear -1 r MitVsmKaMsmmfKwmHmmmBmmmiaBmKmmmmmmaaammmmammmmmmBmmtBtmaammKmmmmmmmiHIl3lll!l!lllIl!in;inillIr!UI!IIlIllllIIIIIIil!lllII!lllIIini!II!ll!niJ!iriniinUIi;ill!IUri!l!linn!;M!!!!!ll!!II)I!lllIliniSFire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.T. O. LEINIIMAIN, PropBoth Phones 234, J- . gf .,,. ...'.. "'.'".'" ,irIPmnSpecial !PriceFORSuit BuyersOUR830 and SuitsFor $24These Suits are this Saason's Models-Comequick, as theV won't last long at the price.mmmIffPrice & Co.,mmClothiers.IPfine Showing. vThe statement of the Deposit Bankof this city appears on fourth page ofthis issue.It shows the bank to be in a veryflourishing condition. Their -depositsshow a substantial increase and theyhave raised their dividend rate from 3to 4 per cent semi-annually. This bankhas always been regarded as one of ourmost conservative institutions and thisstatement shows that it has lived upto that reputation.Thev show a verv small amount ofoverchecks and no rediscounts or billspayable. They were examined on May22rd, 1911 by an expert State BankExaminer from the Secretary of State'soffice, and the following verbatim extract from his report speaks for itself."The management is exceedinglygood; officers well qualified; book-keepingcould not be improved upon; general quality of paper good, mostly mortgages" 'Showing of the AgriculturalBank.The Agricultuial Bank is one of themost conservative banking institutionsin the State and ha5 been examined nythe .State Expert Examiner sent fromthe office of Mrv. Ben L. Bruner, Secretary of State and they said after theexamination that it was the cleanestand best bank the bookkeeping couldnot be improved upon that they hadexamined out of one hundred and sixty. The gross earnings for the pastsix months was $11,612 66 and we paida five per cent dividend to the stockholders, which we had been doing foryears. If we had added our earningsto the surplus instead of paying dividends our urplus would have 'beenmore than three times our capital stockand if we paid what the average bankpaid our surplus would "have been$120,000 more than it is. We have paidin the last twenty-six years from. 25 to33 per cent more in dividends than theaverage bank.J. W. DAVIS,J NO. MARSTON,' TV. W. HALL.J. T. HINTON,J. W. BEDFORD,. - , N. KRIENER,J. W. McCLINTOCK,W.JH. ANDERSON,4 --W. H.KENICK.,.. - directors.sSs.mFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.r. -ojy aummerwcileegins Thursday,, July 6th.ig Bargains in Every; Department.A3mi2-w.X-- Frank & Co.Paris, - KentuckyHiM;n!iuuiiiiiiMirauuwJ!K:HiuuuMMJJHHitiiiuiiiiuiniiiiiiiKriiMiinmwimjtiiiiinininiiiiHauniramHMli)'mmmmmwwwmwMWMMMMmmM$1iI4 -'4THE BOURBON NEWS, .PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 4, 1911THE BOURBON NEWSrn ; i ?n n ; I gfflSHflStomach Blood andLiver TroublesMuch sickness starts with weak stomach, and consequentpoor, impoverished blood. Nervous and pale-people lackgood, rich, red blood. Their stomachs need invigoratingfor, after all, a man can be no stronger than his stomach.A remedy that makes the stomach strong and the liveractive, makes rich red blood and overcomes and drivesout disease-producing bacteria and cures a whole multitude of diseases.Get rid of your Stomach Weakness andLiver Laziness by taking a course ofXr. Pierce's Golden, Medical Discovery"-the great Stomach Restorative, LiverInvigorator and Blood Gleanser.You can't afford to accept any medicine of unknowncomposition as a substitute for "Golden Medical Discover'," which is a medicine of known composition, havinga complete list of ingredients in plain English on its bottle-wrapper,same being attested as correct under oath.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and Invigorate Stomach,BOTH' 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN. STREET.SWFT CHAMP. - - Editor and 6w erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second:class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 1 2,9 Years of Continuous Publication&, Will Umrirtf jrrnn-nTTTTDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.5 Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFheproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverneed repairs. Fcr further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.-(FULiver and Bowels.ONE YEAR,L.00 I SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00YiM'y77mm immmtsrsrjk -NJJLPflM ORIGINALITYInw .reasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all oher firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER.Wm. Jldams Son,i 42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in the Garden';'Je &r . Asfi gt ?;.S-e- fUt K. "" .l.t&lv V CVIJVlvM 'i" l-S l" V... V v v v ' .1? r .. v3S"yA '1 i5-w .v xa y-r "v v y.Nk l,tUJiLOWRY & TALBOTTIPeiris, ICentiJLcfe.'vrf Bourbon4SD.WIS & FUNK, Props.&W Telephone No. 4.BourbonmParis, J Kent ucky.for $ak PrivateDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET."i1 offer for sale privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andJbilleston avenue. Contains five rooms,two halls, bath, pantry, back andfront porches; cellar under entirehouse; gas throughout; water in yardand house ; sewer connection. Theresidence fronts on Second street, andis extrsmely desiranle; fine hhadetrees on all sides. Immediate possession can be given.Prospective purchasers invited to inspect the premises.TERMS. Made known on application to the undersigned.JOHN ARKLE,12 tf Home Phone 211.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.i- SB. T- 156.fcimce rnouB8 j Home136.JE. T.'- Horn334.IRc idencoand SUPERIORITYWorkmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguishes our Monuments from all others, while prices areNONE CHEAPERis a real pleasure if you 'I ayethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an 'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. LaundryOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsqu.iliry is -guaranteed. Giveu. a trial order. You'll notre 'ret it.Laundry,O A "FTP A I 1(TW T A2r&J I AUyyA.a-a-ra.is best reached by theSeason Tickets gii Sale DailyJane 1 to Sept..30.Special SO - Day ExcursionsJnly G zn$ "7Summer excursion Ticketson sale to New York Gly and all Eastern re3orts.Stop-over at Chautauqua Lake end Niagara Falls permitted on flrst-clas3 cne-ivay and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or writeJ. H. Webster, G-n'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., forfurther informatiqr.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.1C ! 1President Ussery Issues Statement.President W. C. Ussery Friday issued a statement to club presidents inregard to the recent difficulty at Winchester between George Robbins andHogan Yancey, of Lexington, and Umpire Feye. The statement is as follows .Paris, Ky., June 30.To All Club Presidents : The unfortunate occurrence at Winchester lastweek, where Manager Yancey andPlayer Robbins of Lexington, were ina fight on the Dlaying field during aball game, with Umpire Feye as thethird party to the fray, demands official attention.When this affair happened there wasan almost universal demand for thecrucifixion of the Lexington Club ; thisoffice was of the same notion. Excellent citizens of Winchester staid andsubstantial business men, police officprs, city officials and Winchester BallClub officials and members, could notagree as o -where the blame shouldbe placed who struck the first blow.Following my usual custom I 'awaited an interview with the umpire ;I sawhim Saturday morning, after the affairon Friday. He told me he struck Robbins first; that while he and Robbinswere mixing it, he saw Manager Yancey running toward them ; and he leftRobbins and ran toward Yancey, crying out "You are the one I am after:"that Yancey retreated from him, walking backwards, several feet;that whenhe (the umpire) was in striking distance he struck the first blow at Yancey. The umpire remained in Parisseveral days after his resignation, andtold substantially the same story tomany people. The umpire repeated thestory in this office Sunday morning inthe presence of Yancey and Robbins.8 It is as great an ofiense if not greater, for an umpire to strike a ball player, than for a player to strike an umpire. I hope neither will happen againwhile I am Presiuent of this League.From the official report given me bythe umpire I feel that aside from myofficial action of accepting nis resignation nothing is required.Vr. C. USSERY, President.A Terrible blunder.to neglect liver trouble. Neve do it.Take Dr. King's New Life Pills onthe first sign of constipation, biliousness or inactive bowels and preventvirulent indigestion, jaundice organstones. They regulatp liver, stomachand bowels and build up A'our health.Only 23c at Oberdorfer's.Gasoline Explosion Causes PanicFire caused by leading gasoline fromthe lighting plant of the Presbyterianchurch at Sharpsburg during servicescaused great excitement. The gasoline exploded and a panic prevailedfor a while, and it was feared the entire church was in danger. The firedepartment was called out and the firewas extinguished without great damage. Be Careful!Pneumonia, unlike consumption,the other arch enemy of human life,finds in the physically strong itsready victims. There is a word ofcaution in this fact to men who, rejoicing in bodily strength, take risksupon their health that are not sanctioned by prudence.Curious Freak of Lightning.A curious lightning freak occurredTuesday afternoun during an electrical storm which swept over the villageor Kome, 111. At an old fashionedtavern a Dolt struck the building,shatering the dining room windows anduuiiicu till Cilld Vlllji ILUIU IL& liaiut!,leaving the frame intact, but printingthe original design of the picture onthe wall paner back of the tramewhich was left hanging.Increase in School Per Capita.I Kentucky's school per capita thisf year will fce higher than it has everI been in the history of the State, al' though it has not yet been fixed. Thepresent per capua is $i, nut in somecounties where the dog tax brings in aneat sum the per capita goes higher,as the money collected from the dogtax goes to the schools in the bountywhere it is collected. The straight percapita for the school children of thewhole State has never been higherthan S4, which was the amount of lastyear.This year, on account of the largeincrease in the assessment on personaland real property, and also because ofincreased assessment on franchises,there will be more money raised thanin some years, and the school per capita may go as high as $4.10, certainlyas high as $4.05. The school censushas not been completed yet, so it isnot possible to tell just what the schoolper capita will be, but Frank P. James,State Auditor, thinks it would go ashigh as $4.10. Mr. James said the percapita certainly would be higher thanitnas ever been, and would be morethan the $4 which was fixed last yearv- ' ' ' v- ' "STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESThe wheat croo of Nicholas is said. to be the best in that county in years.! Kentucky Choice, uwned by Mrs., Richard T. Lowndes, of Danville, won, the $500 saddl horse stake at 3olumbus, O., Wednesday.I 'Mr. C. T.&Wyatt, of Mt. Sterling,! recently sold a nice McDonald Chietmare to a Virginia man. The pricerepotted was $300.The tobacco crop o'f Bracken county will be exceedingly short this year.There has been quite a decided cut in, the acreage and farmers who could not! get their ground ready have given upI the idea of raising a crop. On a whole1 this has been one of the worst seasonsin that county in years.Total reciepts of live stock on the' Chicago market for the week ending'June 24 were 56,500 cattle, 119,200ho?s and 97,500 sheep., !.The week's receipts, compared with the previousI week in round numbprs increased 7,8001 cattle, decreased 28,100 hogs an3 increased 6,300 sheep. Compared withthe corresponding week a year ago' cattle decreased 1,400 and sheep 42,900i A dispatch from Chicago says :"Enough blackbtrry brandy will bedistilled to discourage the most optimistic prohibitionist this season, ifpresent conditions in the producemarket at Chicago continue. Commission men yesterday said tht receiptsof these berries so far this year havedoubled those of a year ago and thatalthough there had been a cut of fullyfifty per cent in prices, daily arrivalsfrom Illinuis, Indiana and Tennesseecontinue exceptionally large.The executive committee of theKentucky State Fair Board, in a meeting held recently decided to add aclass foi Mulefot hogs in the swine department. The board is anxious toencourage interest in the breeders'contest in this class, and premiumswill be announced later. The increasein the demand for this kind of stock,the members say, makes the encouragement of the industry necessary.This will be the first time that an ex-,'hibit of this kind was made in Kentucky.Dr. M. A. Scovell, representingElemendorf Farm, bought Viola's Golden Jolly, a seven-year-old Jersey bull,at the annual auction of fine Jerseysatt he Kinlock Faring near KirksvilJe,Mo., last week for the record price ofS13.000. This animal was bought byKinlock Farm two years ago for $12,000, which was the record price at thattime. The bull was born at St.Queen,Island of Jersey. Joly Royal Sultan,a two-year-old bull, a son of Viola'sGolden Jolly and Lady Viola, sold for$10,000. while Majestic Lady Youhla,aix years old, brought $3,425. Thisamde a total of $26,425 for the threecattleRailroads Will Spend a Million.A passenger depot to cost $150,000 isone of the many improvements to bemade in Covington following a consultation of President Milton Smith, ofthe Louisville & Nashville railroad,Garrett Wall, of the Cnesapeake &Ohio, and Charles Davis, chairman ofthe committee on puhlic highways of,the Industrial club of CovingtonOther improvements by the two roadsthat will bring the total up to $1,000,000 will be made.Saves two Lives!"Neither my sister, nor myself mightbe living today, if it had not been fr rDr. King's New Discovery, "writes A.D. McDonald, of Fayetteville, !N. C,R. P. D. No 8, "for we both haafrightful coughs that no other remedyi could help. We were told my sisterhad consumption, bne was veryweak and had night sweats but yourwonderful medicine completely curedus both. It's the best I ever used orheord of." For sore lungs, coughs,colds, hemorrhage, lagrippe, asthma,hay fever,croup, whooping cough, allbronchial troubles, its supreme. Trialbottle free. 50c and 1. Guaranteedby Oberdoefer.Killed His Uncle.In Menifee cuunty Samuel Profit,aged 19. shot and instantly killed hisuncle, David Profit, aged 30. YoungProfit was lodged in jail ar Frenchburg under $1,000 bond until CircuitCourt.in spring and summer, it'sthe natural time to store uphealth and vitality for theyear.Scott's Emulsionis Nature's best and quick-est help. AllDruKUtsGEO. W. DAVISF0NERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALMER.BOTH'PHOjSIS BAY137; NIGHT 399.&22&gs&20gZ2Z22tWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. Try f .Best the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.sS2Qa-xSSrfigg2lX- C- k3 JrtL.Looking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money When BuyingYour Clothing, Shoes or FurnishingWe are the only house that has small expenses, therefore we can save you moneyby'purchasing your wants with us. Giveus a trial and you will be convinced thatwejare the cheapest house in the cityYou are getting more goods for the samemoney Same goods for less money.Special Sale for 15 Days Only on Trunks, SuitCases and Valises.THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J.LVOVE,ProP.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE,,-use the East Tennessee. Bour- . --Vbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little1 Rock andRuddles Mills."When'you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedNotice! Poultry Raiserswn4-11-44CURESCholera, Gaoes. Limherneck. Rnnn fankprKO.VBASGOOD- nUll3TO OtTBE, NO PATuiaunutaMg. aid Guaranteed by 1. Robt. Crime, iardstown, Ky. Price 50c at al! Braijists.SOLD' BYG. S. Varden & Sox 1PARIS, KY.J .11 H! ' C 11.aim dii uiscases oi rouiirymwHome 334.E; Tenn. Thone 716.'S.V' --- -i" -ffr-iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JULY 4, i911.&wmmmAJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!J.iTRE J9B ReOfflS OPTHEBHRBNAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with .you onon your next work' Our facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler" & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces .... Ice Good for Hair.Explorers say that the frigid zonesgive immunity from common colds.But no recent explorer seems to havementioned the old belief that long sojourns among the ice are good for thehair. This was the firm conviction ofwhaling skippers in the days whenDundee was the port for the Arctic.It was said that even the baldest ofseamen contrived to grow a passablecrop of hair before returning.Another Man Conspiracy. 'A hatter says size of hat is no Index of brain under it. Women wouldhave all the best of it if it were.New York Herald.Explained at Last. aO'Keefe Tis sthrange how slow anArthic explorer tthravels whin he'sgoin' towar-rds th pole an' how fashthe covers th' ground comin' frum it.O'Shea Nawthin' sthrange about it,bedad! Shure, don't 'th' law iv, gravitation tache us that it's harder to goup thin to come down?A Peek Into His Pocketwouid show the box of Bucklen's Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y., always carries." I. have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it wouldnot soon neal,"he writes. Greatest healer of burns,boils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,fever sores, skin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.' LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs Inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehea&ing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and give ycu instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.RIIUIATIS1Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years. .Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'hJotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorsh ave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, ?1 per large bottle, with diiections for home cure.Snnr'-jsrnt free by writing Blood.. n o . Atlanta, Ga. Describewit trcuble nd free medical advicegin. -ci:l ty Varden & Son.SUPERIORHMir--iiriCarnesMostafcQBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely, changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itchiug, curing the worstI case of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.SuDenor Portland Cement came-the most sand, because it is grounathe finest. This makes it cost lesEthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent- This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 33Then keep on insisting until you;dealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.50 Per Cent Better"I have used less fhan one bottle of Cardui," writesMrs. Gertrude Ward, of Rushville, Neb., "and am feelingfifty per cent better than vhen I began taking it"Before taking Cardui, I had suffered with femaletrouble, for eight years. My greatest trouble was irregularity. I also suffered with severe pains, every month,but now I am greatly improved and will recommend Cardui to all my suffering friends."TakeJ 48CARDUIThe Woman's TonicThe rare medicinal herbs of Cardui are imported bythe manufacturers direct from Europe and are not to befound in any other medicine.These ingredients are what give Cardui its superiority,as a female medicine and tonic, over any other medicine.For over 50 years Cardui has been the favorite woman's medicine. The ladies like it, because it is so easyto take,' so gentle, so safe, so reliable in its. results, andthey have faith in its curative tonic powers, because ofthe thousands of other ladies it has helped. Try it today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tean..for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for women," sent free.THEMiilersburg Military InstituteThe Miilersburg Military Institute is located in the heart of the Blue Grassregion of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautifulgrounds and buildings. Hot water heat and electric lights. Athletic groundsand large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted without examination,to all colleges and universities that admit on ceitificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Cadets are given individual attention and the best of instruction.TERMS S300 PER SCHOOL YEAR for JbcaroVtuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COL. C. M. BEST, Principal,,Miilersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky..Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.ggfc & mMMs:.; '6. Dtttrman,down the throat of a "zipeychicken destroys the wormsrnri sivcs ilia r.' V. l"o. Afew drops ::i i.e lr.a'...r.jr waterCtf Rr3 aridWm PSEVZiNiYS GAPESOno GO i Settle7Irsifv -t i "" W' - vr-- v vni-JlyLLi ,v.?. . . w - J,n vSee rae before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St.. 'Phones 586.Che Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.VuiiuUuuiUtuuiXBANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. P. KENNEY,"4 men 3m E. T. phone 656.- v?-vFor Sale by W. T. Brooks.$c9auglMartin Bros-,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded' by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.FOR SALE.National Cash Register, latestpatern. Will sell cheap for cash.Call phuneS & T., or address undersigned. FRENCH THOMPSON,3t X ' Paris Ky.A FEW POINTERSYou cannot afford to miss this opportunity of becoming a charter member ofORDER OF OWLSWe now have over 153,000 membersin the United States.We are organized in all states.No matter where you may travelyou can find an Owl Nest (whichmeans friends).There is no other Fraternal Societythat offers you protection of Six Dollars per week for three months.flnfi TTmirJ-rPfl Tlnlln-rs nh vniir rlonf.'hFree medical attendance and social Ileatures.All For 50 Cents Month.$5 Charter FeeDo not fail to be at the instituitonof the Order of Owls. When Chartt rcloses it will cost you S2u.Nest to be instituted July 9th, Lexington, Ky.For fnrtner information, call on orwrite Harry and Henry Jones, 211 W.Short Street, Lexington, Kv.Step LivelyStetson-Shoe your steppers properly for lively stepping.The Dickey -i-a medium high toe, smart StetsonStyle has a snappy appearance that appealsto the particular dresser and comfort-givingqualities that make it attractive to all.Let us have an opportunity to demonstrate toyou the superiority of Stetson Styles for livelysteppers.Mitchell & Blakemore' Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year...FOR RENT.Good stable, corner Tenth and Highstreets. Apply to f VL' - WM. GRANNAN,Elks Building.VA Welcome ChangeSmoke curling x up from the farmhousechimney as the men are coming in from thefields, gives a pretty suggestion of a good supper and a comfortable home. But it alsomeans a hot, tired woman, working hard overa blazing fire.Your wife can escape this with a. NewPerfection Oil Cook-stove.A New Perfection keeps a kitchen many degrees cooler than anyother range, yet it does all a coal or wood range can do. It saves time,labor and fuel. No wood to cut ; no coal to carry ; no ashes ; no sootWith the New Perfection oven it is the best cooking device you canfind anywhere.f . Made with 1, 2 and 3 burners, wih hmt.somely finished throughout. The 2- and 3burner stoves can be had with or without acabinet top, which is fitted with drop shelves,towel racks, etc.Dealers everywhere : or write for descriptive circular to the nearest agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)lCooOIqvs:iii.,tjIiinTHE BOURBON NEWS, 4 PARIS, KENTUCKY' JULY 4,' 1911.jIVW biHVbJlBi JDl2f &REMEMBERtummei' Clearance SaleEnding Saturday, July 15th.Having too many goods for this time of the year, we will give you the opportunity to savemoney on new, seasonable merchandise. We will offer the following lines at such reducedprices that it will pay you to lay in a large supply. These goods must move.SILKSWASPTGOODSWHITE GOODSLINENSTABLE LINENSNAPKINSTOWELSCOUNTERPANESHOSIERYLACESEMBROIDRIESHANDKERCHIEFSART LINEN PIECESLACE CURTAINSSHIRT WAISTSMUSLIN UNDERWEARUMBRELLASGINGHAM PETTICOATSSILK PETTICOATSDRESS SKIRTSCORSETS, Etc, Etc.Never Before Have We Offered Such Bargains Come in and Look Whether You Buy or Not-"VT". Ed TuolEer-The Reliable Store.m ---- iviuiii jjM oo9 01 1,3 9 fy mJBBiMMMMMMMMMBaiWMWIMiWMWBIWMWW1 i-trrmMtuy-'" fjr MMHH 'ViTireiMgxayTMTiTiTT 1 f ia t7 " .lJPUU HHlMMB flBHMHk mm mMMPMI BH AHBw xfl H K'I I " Ji TITw JElA Wwi. del. OFON ALLWe Are Not Going to Garry Any PorchFurnitureOfed3Dor Refrigerators Over.own irlx&y GrO !Refrigerators, $5.25, $8.70, $10 up.We have one large one for $25, porcelain, bargain of the season, was $40.We don't aim to have one left after August 1st.Carpets, Rugs, Matting, Oil Clotb and Linoleum.Porch Rockers, $1.25, $2.25, $2.75, $5Porch Seats 65c, $2.75, $3.75, $5 . . .HATSn mi mi. i cH.u inu mi uh-hu un-nnH- Ull -.(HI-.Kitchen CabinetsAt a Big BargainOne Just Like Cut7.8AFWheelerFurniI Main and Third Sts.CHAS. GR&N, Manager.ture Co.Bennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.SingervBuilding, Main Street,PARIS, - . KENTUCKYIIMILLERSBURG ITEMS.i .Opp. Court House.I NMr. Simpson Butler is improving.n The infant daucrhf-pr nf Mv anri Mr.Arnold Case is quite ill.Mr. W. D. Mclntrye has purchased ahandsome new automobile.Mr. W. P. Sanders shipped a pair ofvaluable horses East Thursday.Mr. A. T- Vimnnf will 1cv,, -,,i., t-for a protracted sojourn in Colorado.Mrs. W. M. Hamilton, Mrs. J. H.Warfipld and Mrs. M. J. Caldwell arequite ill.Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Chanslor leffcyesterday for a two weeks sojourn atSwango Springs.Mesdames Turner Perry, C. R.Jones, Misses Anna J, McCfintock andRuth McCUntock were guests FridayrnlSai!r,!ay,ofthe'r brother, Mr. W.G. McCIintock and family at ParisRev and Mrs. R. S. Robinson, ofDue West, S.C.. and Mrs. H.B. Blkkely, of Trqy, S. C. are guests of MrsSarah Marshall and family ISt.11 acounts are due the first of.y. .rjease can and settle. We needmoney badly. neeaINGLES BROS.Z A number 'from e here attended theconcert given by Miss Marv Dan Harbeson and brother at the Presbyterianchurch at Paris Friday night.A blaze was discovered in the stckbarn, of Mr. W. F. Sanders Satwtiy(Continued on Page S)c'V,A-,t -'1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 4, 1911OJfA:iiE BOURBON NEWS.ziflfa7wrkALWAYS HAS THE BESTi OF EVERYTHINGf ank & Cos Big Mid-SummerSale Commences July 6.Don't fail to attend.Hog Cholera.A sure preventive and cure,Dr.Haas' Hos Remedies sold by4 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Melons on Ice.Watermelons and cantaloupes on iceat all times. Call over either phone.4 2t T. LENIHAN.Rare Bird .Killed.Mr. J. Q. Ward, while hunting Friday afternoon, shot and killed what iscalled an albino sparrow. The bird isof the same species of the English"sparrow, with whitish feathers, and isvery rare in this part of the country;Melons. ,California cantaloupes, the sweetestand best. We have them.C.'P. COOK & CO.Lawn Party this Afternoon.The Juvenile Missionary Society ofthe Methodist church will give a lawnparty at the home of Mrs., GeorgeElils on Cyp es3 street this afternoonfrom 3 toj 5 o'clock. Admission 10cents. Refreshments' will be served.All are invited.Eye Injured.Luther Ewalt, of Lair, who waB encaged with the force of men employedin dismanteling the G. G. White dis-tillery in this city, was last weekstruck in the eye with a piece of steel.He wis taken to Cincinnati where anoperation was performed in the hopeof saving the sight of the eye.Brick, Cement.3ust received car Maysville nrick,also car Lehigh Portland cement.4 2t TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.Narrow Escape.Charles, the little son of Mr. andMrs. Chas. R. Hill, had a narrow escape fromp robable seriousinjury yesterday arterncon. Me was arivmg alhorse belonging to Mr. W. H. Whaley,when the animal took fright at a passing automobile, running down Main toBroadway, where the vehicle was overturned, throwing the boy out. The lit-tj-fellow escaped with only a fewL: jies.Blacksmith Shop Burglarized.Burglars effected an entrance to thelocksmith shop of Martin & O'Nealen Pleasant street Saturday night, byLeaking out a heavy screen in thel-ont window.Nothing - has been missed yet,though it was evident the thief wasafter tools in all probability to aid intheir business of breaking into otherhouses. Ihe police are on the watchf jr the members of the band, whohave been creating alarm for severalnights in various parts of the city.First National Bank Leads inDeposits.On page S appears the statementcf the First National Bank at close ofbusiness June 30. This prosperous andenterprising banking house has further.reased its surplus by an addition of.'.uuu to tnai iuna, ana it now nas apital and surplus of SltiO.OOO. This Ijnular institution has shown a. stpndv-.nJ powerful growth, and will increasers surplus to .$100,000. It was last..eek named as the depository for thepjstal savings funds received from depositors by the Paris postoffice. Therecent statement shows a total of&3427561.36 in deposits.Oats.We are headquarters for clean oats.We also sell salt.4 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Recital a Grand Success.A representative audience fromr'aris.Millersburg and other parts ofbourbon county, filled the auditorumof the Presbyterian church Fridayevening to hear the song recital ofMiss Mary Dan Harheson, soprano,Mr. Robert Harbeson, tenor, and MissFrances Johnson, accompanist. Everynumber on the program was well rendered. ihe duets ot the (inarming sisterfcr.d brother were rich in melody, harmony and expression. Miss Johnson'sceompariments were faultless, andalogether it was one of the most de--ignuui entertainments ever given-'aris.inBoy Oeserves Carnegie Medal.Baldwin Woods, the 14-year-old son0s Mr. Jack Woods, is deserving of the!Carnegie hero medal. A few days agothe boy, at the risk of his own life,raved a man from drowning.Young Woods, in company with anumber of companions, was in swimming in Stoner Creek above the Maysyille bridge. Besides the boys a numner of men ere also in the stream,among them being Herbert Duncan,aged 46, an employe of the JL. & N.railroau.Woods swam the stream and wasr 'turning when he met Duncan mids ream. The latter had become exh lusted in his efforts to reach the opp -site shore. The boy knowing nims ' physically unable to save them:n, called to his companions to come) nis assistance. None of the boysvi the opposite bank responded and.ods struck out ior the oppositere'where he secured a heavy board,wimming deck to the exhaustedi who was exerting his last effortsccp his head ahove the surface otwater, he extended the boaro toran and assisted him in gettingf his arms around irwhen hen to tiie s$hore. 'PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. Hume Payne is quite ill at hishome near this city.Louise, the little daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Albert Wright, is quite ill.Miss Mabel Hill, of Lexington,was the guest of Paris friends Sunday.-Mrs. Newton'Mitchell is visitingrelatives at Pisgah, in Woodford county.Miss Nora Woods left yesterdayfor Louisville to visit Mrs. ThomasRoyles.Miss Mabel Foster, of Warrencounty, is visiting het brother, Dr. A.T. Foster.Mrs. Edward Williamson, of Lexington, was the guest of Mrs. GeorgeWilder Friday.Mis Virginia Jouett, of Winchester, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Withers Davis.Miss Margaret Terry left yesterday alternoon for Denver, Col , for aVisit to relatives,Mrs. Jas. W. Ferguson will entertain at cards Wednesday atfernoon ather home in the country.Mr. H. M. Collins is quite ill athis home on High street being threatened with typhoid fever.Mrs. Mary White Slater of Cincinnati, is visiting Prof, and Mm. AlbertH. Morehead on High street.Mr. and Mrs. George Wilder andson, Ussery, leave today for a tendays' stay at Mart nsville, Ind.Miss Nannie Marshall Cooper ofthis city, is visiting her aunt, Mrs.W. W. Spencer, in Lexington.Mrs. Robert Frank and Miss Carrie Frankjleft yesterday for Chautauqua, N. Y., to spend the summer.Mr. Alfred Kaiser and Mr. WalterPayne, of Louisville, are visiting atthe home of Mr. John Christman.Mrs. C. B. Milburn, f Cincinnati,will arrive in a few days for a visit tohar sister, Miss Margaret Quinlan.Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Didlake leftSaturday for Oklahoma City, Okla.,where they will make their futureI ora1.Miss Emily Frakes will spend theremainder of the summer with her sister, Mrs. John Henry Giltner, nearMuir;Mrs. W. G. McClintock and children, Thomas, James and Vallette,will leave Thursday for Lake Chautauqua, N. Y.Mr. and Mrs. James Chambers, of( incinnati, are visiting the former'smother, Mrs. Kate Chambers, on Duncan avenue.Mrs. Durand Whipple, of LittleRock, Ark., will arrive Thursday for avisit to her parents, Hon. and Mrs. E.M. Dickson.Miss Ella Bush, who has been aguest of Mm. Lee Starke for severaldays, returned Supday afternoon toher home in Winchester.Miss Magaret Holleran-will arrivethis week from Fort Worth, Texas, tovisit her grandfather, Mr. MichaelHolleran, on Seventhstreet.Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery and infantwho have been the guest tor severaldays of her parents, Rev. and Mrs.I. J. Spencer, in Lexington, have returned home.Mises Avalon and MargueriteBusby, of Lebanon, Ind., Julia Museand Ann Calvert, of Mayvsille. areguests of Miss Charlina Ball, at herhome near Paris.Mrs. W. A. Johnson left yesterday-iafternon for Bay Vifw,Mich., to spendseveral months. She will be joined byher daughter, Miss Frances Johnson.in ahout two weeks.I Mrs. Julia Frank and daughter.Miss HelenNew YorkFrank, left Saturday forCity, from whence theywill sail for Germany Thursday to beabsent about two months.Mr. Harold Johnson, of Columbus,O., formerly of Paris, was the guestSunday of his father. Mr. W. H. H.Johnson. He was enroute to Mt. Sterling and Olympia to spend severalweeks.Mrs. Jas. H. Thompson will give afive o'clock tea Thursday at her homein the country for Hiss Nan Wilson,whose marriage to Mr. John IngramBronson will take place en Tuesday,July 11.Mr. and Mrs. Robert J. Neely leftSaturday morning for a month's stayat Dawson Springs, in Hopkinscounty. Mr. Neely is recovering hisstrength after a seven weeks' spell ofsickness.Mr. Orley Chandler, son of Rev.and Mrs. M. T. Chandler formerly ofParis, is rapidly recovering from theeffects of an operation for appendicitisat St. Joseph's Hospital in Lexingtonand ill soon be able to return to hishome in Harrodsburg.Mrs. Arthur Hancock and littleson have returned to Charleston, W.Va., after a visit to Mr. CharltonClay and Mrs. George B. Alexander.Mrs. Hancock was accompanied homeby Misses Marian nd Elizabeth ClayAlexander, who will spend a monthwith her.Dropped Quite a Roll.While the winning of the ball gamefrom Winchester yesterday highlyIated the Paris fans, there is one ofthe number who witnessed the contestfinds but little pleasure in the result.Sometime during the course of thegame "Kid" Stout dropped from hispocket a roll of .bills of different denominations amounting to $125. Allefforts to find the money was withoutresultMoney to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby wo can loan you all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from $-2,030 up, at the lowI rte of o per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best.satest ana cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at 5 per csnt.Save your moneyana prcsper. AO. K. COLLIER, Agent,,14a?m -Hurst Home Issurariee'GaCattlemen are Not Benefitted byHigh Priced Meat.The Government returns Fhow that,although there has been a marked increase in.the price of far,m stuff generally, this has not been true of catlle,especially the 'unfed cattle of theranges, says Inis H.Weed in an articlein "Success Magazine." The consumers cannot lay the high price ofmeat to the cowman, It's the dealeisand tho railroad between us and thecowman who bring up the price.Some years, even when beef had beenvery high in' the retail market, thecatfleman, after he has subtracted thecarriyng cost from the sale price othis animals, has been receiving a saleprice below par. Although this raterobbery was enormously unjust, andalthough the capital represented in theiive stock industry is equal to seventythree per cent of the par value of thestocks and bonds issued by our railways, the transportation corporationswere so gigantic, and the individualcattleman so small by comparison,even though he might be a cattle kingthat he couldn't? help himself. Everyyear he had to hold his hand to thebee.The Association, however, finallygot in its sting. After a five-years'fight they helped get the InterstateCommerce Act so amended in 1908 thatthe Interstate Commerce Commissionhas the power to prescribe rates. Thisresulted in a reduction of from $5 to$7 per car on cattle rates, and has saved the cattlemen millions of dollars.Even then the Santa Fe Railroad, andprobably other roads operating in thesane territory, were able to make, asshown in the Texas Cattle "Raiserscase, a modest 55.3 per cent profit, tRates, however, are not the cowman's only trials of transportation.Perhaps he speaks for cars threemonths'ahead, and drives his 2,000 or3,000 cattle to the freight yards atthe time agreed upon only to find anempty track. At once begins the expense of buying fodder for the herd,and the sitting around watching themeat up the profits. When the cars finally arrive, if the number i3 short,the animals have to be crowded inwith almost certain risk of more loss.Then perhaps the cars crawl over thecountry at the rate of twelve miles anhour, and this inemcipney costs thecowman still more, in fodder, and inthe shrinkage and deaths of the imprisoned creatures suffering fromcrowding, from longstanding and fromtnirst.To prevent this needless waste, theAssociation is urging the InterstateCommerce Commission to prescribethe speed limit when necessary, to secure reasonable seivice, ar.c the proper treatment of live stock.Handsome Piano.The handsome Sterling piann usedat the Harbeson cercert Friday nightwas loaned by the Moiei ead Music Co.Fife Wo;Nio fire works willbe allowed to beused on the streetsof Paris to-day. TheChief of Police andhis deputies havebeen notified to rigidly enforce the ordinance pertaining tothis matter.Mayor.As a matter of publicSafety, all personsowning dogs runningat large are herebynotified to have samemuzzled by To-morrow,July the 5 th,as after that timethe ordinance referring to such matterswill be strictlyforced.en-T.Mayor.Saturday night a sorrel pony withwhite spot on neck and hip. Agedabout 12 years. Lberal reward for return of same.- , WM. MAOEAFES,s r 265 Brocks street,., ' - . -Pars; Ky.'Strayed or Stolen."Woodlawa Dairy."leaving taken charge of the "Woodlawn Dairy" on theBethlehem pike, Iwill on .nc' after July 1st, be prepared to deliver fresh milk, cream, butterand buttermilk to all parts of the city.East Tennessee phone 54; Home phone79.R.F. COLLIER.FOR RENTThe Dr. Stephens place onstreet. The, best home forCypressrent inParis. Apply to-. G. C. THOMPSONE. T. Phony 594.FOR RENT.1 House of four rooms, pantry,etc. Located on High betweenbath.Sixthand Seventh. Apply to''J. B. NORTHCOTT,27 3t E. T. Phone 349.Keep a KodakRecord of YourFamilyThe pictures and the work afford alasting pleasure.No dark-room fov any part ofwork. Simple and inexpensive.We have the latest modelsKodaks and Biownie Cameras.theofKodaks $5 to $111Brownie Cameras $1 to$12Baugbviy Brosil4 S WBD SHMKS59 flMBHSHHB 'BLa3 JTL'Ji:i -T -.. """JUL1".' i Lmmmwm mmxmmm im .m && abbo, ;I Something tmx One Sao Use. IJ3 I 9 I J 9Don't Pail to Get One ofthesePEDESTALSeither in Golden Oak orMahogany FinishTHERE ARESEVERAL PATTERNSDon't Pail. To get one early, as there are$1 . 7 O A B,G BARGAINSpecial Prises en WallBig RedRUGS AND CARPETSATAITmam9IIIIIRememberW. Ed Tucker'sBig SummerClearance Saleegins Mon., July 3rd,-Ends Saturday, July 15th 2m 11Don't Miss It.Many Bargains Await Yov.! Bl8iFee's CashCeylon-India75c value, nowIIHoffman's Famous Sugar-Cured Hams1 7c per poundiArmour's Shield Hams (S. C.)Only 1 5c per- poundPurity Flour 25 lb. Sack 65cFairy Patent Flour i ..25 lb. Sack 60cFRESH EVERY DAYBanner BreadHubig's Pies, Stone's CakesFEE'Syofioiis en reAT BARGAINS THIS WEEKVUDOR PORCH SHADES AND HAMMOCKS.HINMHHNHBlHil? wHMwtKV lHHP CRHfr Ktm Wiftttm:i-r 4 mOpCOkUNBlend Tea50c a poundIeIThese PEDESTALS areof two heights 36 and30 inches. .jThe tops and bases are!2 inches in diameterEvery one is polishedand heavy posts. Theyusually sell for $3.50. -only fitly of them.$1 m 7 OPaper,awn GoodsTO-N-$ 1 .70.Hv -M-2v- -Ti l Hi., i'ii mi' , I i'ItCur 'O "-XirTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARISf KENTUCKY, JULY 4, 1911.lessYOVf,ISolves a Deep Mystery."I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart," wrote C. B. Rader,of Lewisburgr, W. Va., "for the wonderful double benefit I got from Electric Bitters, in curing me of both asevere case of stomach trouble andof rheumatism, from which T hadbeen an almost helpless sufferer forten years. It suited my case as thoughmade just for me." For dyspepsia,indigestion, jaundice and to rid thesystem of kidney poisons that causerheumatism, Electric Bitters has ncequal. Try them. Every bottle isbottle is guaranteed to satisfy. Only50c ad Oberdorfer's.SJ9 vBloodineEM V.?30JTouring Car $1,000;We Know-BLOODINGWffl Help YottThree in One."In going through a big wholesalehouse the other day," said a NewYorker, "I saw something that mayr. O. B. DetroitTo Regain Youf Strengthfand Energy. ') be old to you, but was a new. one"3FfQREATESTREMEDYlM W DBEASESARISINStiOJiV R-i run. -- i jblftHeport of the Head Physician fina Leading New York Hospital;f on the Cure of Catarrh("A few years ago we considered thatwe were aoing well if we cured tenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof, the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and TJretha, Catarrh of the large in-,testines, Catarrh of the Larynx, Pelvicflatarrh. Catarrh of the Throat., andCatarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part of.the body attacked By the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine Is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed of(valuable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supply&9W, rich red blood to the whole body.' KE - to prove cne wonaenuimerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents ia fittver or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodine Cobpobation, Boston, Mass.For Sale by W. T. BrooksM I ESZ oeucXtI tomb' J -B TTmtu vffl N ttt man cWtislU I u kScuadKIDNEY.UVERuBLAD. JkK DEPDSEASEi CATARRH. U 1H ASTHMA. KHEUMATBM. J ,, W- Ji- - M COT. tA CRIPPE. CON. il, M' 4 HB CONSTff ATJON. HEART1 Jfljl"k.DQtAJtMAtAR!A.iJl JiOiaRvooDrBnJTy,Sifi, fjTlTtte BLOODINE M,7Nl Von me."A girl was pounding on. one typewriter, and by electrical connectionswas running two others. The copiesare much better than when manifolded on one machine."! Meet Us Face toiFaue!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.-00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsgj the high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Go., (Clothesj3eautilul). We show bprmg Styles inStetson Hats;""' Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $ 1 5.00 Suits.LC&rtiwinBrosrsL.WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.fiIIIH$WftM3PJfcl&JfelR MXIlEXXSSMXXiWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SHINGLES, POSTS,SASHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD ANDSOFT COAL, , jAGENTS FOR 'Amatite$1 XT 'S lrfc--fiU ULI1 10. J SWUvTvw fcJfJrlip i 'Take Your Wheat, Your Corn and Buckwheat to the GristMill, But Come Here for YourMILL WORK!MO We are headquarters for everything in that line. Sash, Doors UgBlinds, Storm Doors, Screen Doors, "Window Screens, etc., etc.. at SjS lowest prices. 2J TEMPLIN LUMBER CO. gDr. J. JVL Lacock,DENTIST,Up Sfc&irs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-Harry E. Mathers,- DENTIST,Opposite Frank & CotANot to Be Thought Of."My dear," he feebly said, afterthey had permitted her to go to himafter the operation, "I shall not recover. They think I will, but theyare mistaken. I feel it I am going to die." "No, no, John!" shecried, "tion't say that! You mustn'tdie! I haven't a thing that is fit towear to a funeral." Judge.Unfavorable Delay."Has that man done anything worthmentioning In congress?" "Not yet,"replied the loyal constituent. "Hehasn't had a chance. He Is still explaining how he got there."Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucuouslining of the Eustachian Tube. "Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, Deafnessis the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberastored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever; 'ninecases out of ten are caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor 'any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 7ocTake Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Solomon on the Bench.An old offender was introduced to anew country justice as "John Timmins, alias Jones, alias Smith." "I'lltry the two women first," said thejustice. "Bring in Alice Jones."WASH THAT ITCH AWfcYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be iclievedfrom that awtul itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a ttip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your la&t cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant spring.. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of O'A of Wintergreen, Thymol and othei ingredientsa compounded only in D. D. D Prescription will bring vistant relief tothat teriible burning itch, and )c-avethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. We .3fure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures a. Cough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. HarrletteWelIsA!len,Gaffney.S.C.says:I have had Bronchitis for abruit twontwnarc n1 its the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, fO.,And ReturnVIASunday, July 9, 11Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in botii directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.B-M-FPOWER To go anywhere.RELIABILITY NoneIeverworeJout.ECONOMY Easy on tires and fuel. "APPROVED By 25,000J owners.Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster Model$1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.ttloodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, 111.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son." Druggist.,.One LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sizeGeo. M'Wiilams,No more tickets given on raffle until further notice$?in y ' 'MyrfcFrCHARLES W. HEKmn9SUCCESSORS TOLLIDAY & SETTLEGulTlula and Repair shod at Paris, Ky;,Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us. -rWe Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & M'f'g Company,Incorporated,Yard at Office, O A O I O LT f15th and Main Sts. 4- wr Wm 1 J I iHome Phone 1 2; LT. 530--ma. h -uarJt ' .ua ugr je &.'!&&.Umfeasa "U. ftawigU3UaaafcaAt-.t "jit l- " ('fe-atffiS sg m . am'ifii)1 .Mri TiTiHiMiPff tfjTMhffin MwPrlnm ili'TA niimiTfr r if 'rBtilV" f&ki. r t fiMffiJ II gp ti , ( MilfciMBBfcStHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 4, 1911,IF YOU HAVE A SICKLYYOUNGSTER TRY THIS FREEThe family with young childrenthat is without sickness in the housenow and then is rare, and so it is important that the head of the houseshould know what to do in the littleemergencies that arise. A child witha serious ailment needs a doctor, it istrue, but in the majority of instances,as any doctor knows, the child suffersfrom some intestinal trouble, usuallyconstipation.There is no sense in giving it a pillor a remedy containing an opiate, noris flushing of the bowels to be alwaysrecommended. Rather give it a smalldose of a mild, gentle laxative toniclike Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which, by cleaning out the bowels andstrengthening the little stomach muscles, will immediately correct the trouble. This is not alone our opinion butthat ctf Mrs. N. H. Mead of Freeport,Kan., whose granddaughter has beentaking it successfully and of Mrs. J.R. Whiting of Lena, Wis., who givesit to her children and takes it herself.It is sold in fifty cent and one dollarbottles at every drug store, but if youwant to test it in your family beforeyou buy it send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will forward a trialbottle free of charge.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Monticello,111.iBzmmMaidwinIBMlKaP ws vHHHESHBmV SSflttPacking Co,, iaiThelModel PacIdng.Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.Ail pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand dealers."Baldwin Packing Co.Paris, Keritucky.IWALTERAHhWOODNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every graingrowing country under thebun it is said to be tho bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersare: ngntness of draft;handiness of operation:durability of construction: aDiiity to do perfect work in any kindot gram; accuracy andsure work of knotter:absence of neckweight and sidedraft The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, andnow give it itsmost successfulone a oinder thatjOTMADE BYATRUSTwill do work no other machinecan do.It js constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy."The BestYetDrop us a cardtoday ask forCatalogYERKES & KENNEY.iHHAttendPTwinros.Bio SalettS8Now Going OnTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyDR. DOLLE,WAIUT STREET, between 5"i and 6tn Sts.Regular Graduate in Medlclne-OverO Years' Practice-Over 1 8 Yrs. in Cincinnati... ,o treat .11 0(110, N 6 f 0 U S S D 6 CI 3 1 MmmJaamiol V letters. Charges low. NERVOUS D&51u2J!r ?JSfaJ??SEASESTFaU8ed by indiscretions and exceies-peraa-qentlrcared.Wnte mg today, explaining your disease, and I will sead myETD CTET RnAlf S6,!' in c? youirill find information that will be,l Ea Ei D VT W IV worth weight in gold to yon. Book sent sealed in plain -wrapper free by mail or at office. 'WKITE TO-DAY ! CZHCINXATX'Ji OIiD REULAJBLE SPMCIAXIST T"MEf.II eCflTDBBCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured wifch pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blo-xl Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largeootue, wicn directions tor ncme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Large Sum from Auto Licenses.The Department of Secretary ofState reports the collection of $23,355as automobile licenses issued by theState for the year ending June 14,1911. A total of 3,155 licenses havebeen issued.Lightning Kills Few.In 1906 lisrhtniner killed onlv lfifl reo-pie in tnis wnole country. One'schances of death by lightning are lessthan two in a million. The chanceof death from liver, kidney or stomach trouble is vastly greater, but notif Electric Bitters be used, as RobertMadsen, of West Bcrlington, la.,proved. - Four doctors gave him upafter eight months of suffering fromvirulent liver trouble and yellowjaundice. He was then completelycured by Electric Bitters. They'rethe best stomach, liver, nerve andkidney remedy and blood purifier onearth. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Nicholas' Blackberry Crop.According to reports from nil sections, Nicholas county will this yearhave the biggest blackberry crop in itshistery if the weather is beasonablefrom now until the middle of nextmonth. With the prospects of a bountiful crop of the berries, housewiveswill be found getting busy lookingto the canning season.Saved His Wife's Life."My wife would have been in hergrave today," writes O. H, Brown, ofMuscadine, Ala., "if it had not beenforDr. Kind's New Discover'-. Shewas down in her bed, not able to getup without help. She had a severebronchial trouble and a dreadful!cough. I got her a bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery, and she soon beganto mend, and was well in a shorttime." Infallible for coughs andcolds, it's the most reliable remedyon earth for desperate lung trouble,hemorrhages, lagrirjpe. asthma, hayfever, croup and whooping cough.50c, $1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.It Was Her Fate.The young woman sat before herglass and gazed long and earnestly atthe reflection there. She screwed upher face in many ways. She fluffedher hair and then smoothed it downagain. She raised her eyes and lowered them; she showed her teeth andshe pressed her lips tightly together.At last she got up, with a weary sigh,and said: "It's no use. I'll be somekind of a reformer."No Questions Asked.Many is the man who would neverask a single question if his past prosperity or "good luck," as he will haveIt would once more return.Heroine Honored.There are two monuments to Hannah Dustin, a heroine of early colonial New England. One is Concord,N. H., and the other at Haverhill,Mass.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Vash."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign, of that Eczema, and that 'wasthr.ee years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,,that its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of this'great remedy. ' - 4 -G. S. Varden' &rSon.'' ' -. 'Announcement.I have locatpd in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContracfcingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle? yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERDissolution SaleOVER 65 YEARS'PERIENCESMKEffe,E"jjjjjiTramHQTrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.Anyone sending a sketch and description mayqulcUly jisccrtam ojir opinion free whether aninvention is prohably patentable. Comnmnications strictly conddential. HANDBOOK on PatentBent free. Oldest agency for secunnp patents.Patents taken through aiunn & Co. recelvaspecial notice, without charge, in theKAfttMlifliftA' 4JS44A1A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest irculatioii of any sfHentltic journal. Terms, f 3 ayear; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.MUNN&Go.36,Broadwa New YorkBranch Office. 625 F St- Washini'tots. D. C.OF-Elegant City Residence,o ?orihe PurPse of winding up the affairs of the old firm, The Paris Lumber&,Mfg. Co., we will sell on - vTUESDAY, JULY 11, 1911, .at two o'clock p. m., on the premises, the elegant frame residence on the shadVside ot Cypress street, adjoining the home of Mr. Geo. Ellis.This house is built of the very best material throughout, containing eightrooms, two large halls, pantry, presses in every room, a most complete andsubstantially furnished bathroom, lavatory, fine cellar, hot water heating outfit, electric lights, gas, chandeliers, etc.rru VAl 0U3e Is' "P-to-date in every particular. It has never been occupied.Ine first floor of this beautiful mansion is of extra quality hard woodThe wide front porch is built of concrete, there are two brick coiumnssupportmg this span, which is supported in the center with a steel girder makingit absolutely safe, and affording an uninterrupted view the full length.' There isa slate root covering the entire house.There is a stairway to the attic, and it is floored. Entrance to cellar frominside. Large double doors at entrance -in front. Has side porch and entranceu . , property is on the very best street in Paris, the neighborhood is allthat could be desired, and the lot has a depth of more than 500 feet, runningAny one wanting a home of this character, will do well to inspect this DroDerty before the sale. rTERMS Easy, to suit the purchaser, and made known on day of saleFor further particulars call onHARRIS & SPEAKES, AGENTS.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.Professk.ua! Cards SUMMER COMBINATION SALEJ J. WTIiTiIA.TIS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.OF-Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4. and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... KentuckyJlnnk LanghornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669mmargoien s.PAEIS EEAL ESTATE,ON WEDNESDAY, JULY 12BEGINNING AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.No. 1 Residence on High street containing 9 rooms, 2 halls, pantry, porch,presses, cistern and city water. Lot48 feet front, more or less, extendingback between parallel lines 150 feet.This property is centrally located, onthe car line, and suitable for a boarding house.No. 2 -Residence on Vine street containing 5 rooms, bath, pantry, electriclight, water. Lot 50x150 feet. Rentsfor $15 per month. In a location whererental property is always in demand.No. 3 Residence on Vine street, containing G rooms, bath, pantry, porches,electric light, water, stable, coal andhen-house, grape arbor. Lot 53 feetfront, 50 feet in rear, 150 feet deep toalley; well fenced.This is a new, desirable and convenient home.No. 4 Residence on Winchesterstreet of 7 rooms, porches, newlypapere'd and painted and in good repair.Stable, water in yard and house. Lot50x150 leet, more or less. Easilyrented at $18 pei month.No. 5 Vacant lot 26x180 feet, cornerMain arid 14th streets. This is the lastlot suitable for a business house onMain street.No. 6 House and lot on Weststreet, 3 rooms, 2 porches, lot 37jx100 feet, more or less, water, Rentsfor 8.00 per month.No. 7 - House and lot on West street.lot 37x100 feet, more or less, 3 rooms, J2 porches, water. Rentsfor $8.00 permonth.No. 8 House and lot on West street,3 rooms, 2 porches, water. Lot 53x85feet more or less. Rents for $8 permonth.No. 9 House and lot on West street,3 rooms, 2 porches, water. Lot 53jx85feet more or less. Rents for $8 permonth.No. 10 Vacant lot 60x400 feet moreor less; on Houston avenue. Beautifulbuilding site.No. 11 -Residence on Second street,containing 6 rooms, 2 large halls,porches, good cellar, rock foundation,cistern, city water in yard, out-buildings.Lot 60x150 feet more or less.This is a desirable residence on a goodstreet.No. 12 Vacant lot 60x150 feet moreor less in White Addition. -No. 13 House and lot in White Addition. Contains 4 rooms, porches andwater, stable. Lot 60x150 feet more orless. Nos. 11 and 12 will be offeredseparately and then as a whole, andbest bid accepted.No. 14 House of 6 rooms, 2 halls,porches, good cellar and cistern -onHanson street. Lot 55x150 feet.No. 15 Vacant building lot 45x150feet, on Hanson street.No. 16 Vacant building lot 50x140feet, on Gano street.No. 17 Vacant building lot 50x140feet, on Gano street.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,Vehicles for everybody who desires to attend the sale will be furnished freeand ladies are especially invited to attend. Vehicles will leave our office at 2o'clock promptly.There will be several desirable articles given away to those who attend thesale, which will be announced in our later advertisements. ,HARRIS & SPEAKES, "REALGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.ESTATE DEALERSmmParis, Ky.iob!It's not mndp fnr nrv ronfoin olimofa V.i,f?r. ,j ,..M.ui. ja.weather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwin not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It S made bV OUr senrpf- nmrP55 nnrl ic nnivoTOollw nnImni.,lnJnJ i'2?J? "4 ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamate! ARC11 II ILi'l Ml ' , J 3 t 1 . - ' O hivuyi-uw ib btanaara ana xaKes the same insurance rate as slate or I imenu. ,uur agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amal- lgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy. I,iiwttjLAmwiAiJLu KUUriNi CO., Clucago, HIParislLumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.rtvMID-SUMMER VACATION TOMAMMOTH CAVE$S.G5 Round-Trip from Paris !And All Way Stations, Regular Train 7:43 a. rrn,Tuesday July 18ALL EXPENSES AT HOTEL ONLY $6.50. TKis includes your' board and admission to theseveral routes in the Cave. One evening for. a promenade or dance.Grand 3 -Days Ou liner. Write or Phone L. & N. Ticket Apf1 x - Jt-rr 3. -THE BOURBON NEWS,' PARIS, KENTUCKY JULY 4, 1911.u.,sIfIfi;iVisions of the Penant in Sight.With the closing day of the first section of the Blue Grass, League in sightParis still has a good chance to landthe rag. By winning from Winchester yesterday the lead was increasedto 29 points over the Hustlers. As it'"jstands Paris has four games to playand Winchester 3. Should Winchesterwin all of her remaining games andParis one out of four the per centwould be even, but if Paris shou'd win" two out of four and Winchester loseone out of three Paris would lead bya per cent of 7 points over her nearest rival. It is reasonable to believe. Paris will win one of the remaining...games unless Winchester has an unusual streak of luck it is not likelyshe will tie with Paris for pennant-honors.FRIDAY.The Bourbonites broke even Fridayin a double header with the Pioneers,losing the first in a lively contest by ascore of 5 to 2 and taking the second,which went only six innings.by a scoreof 11 to 3. Errois by Chapman andMaxwell gave the visitors three runsin the first inning, a lead, coupled withthe effectiveness of Creager, the localscould not overcome. Creager essayedto pitch the second game but wasv pounded off the mound in the secondinning. The score:xPirst game.Richmond 3 0 0 0 0 10 0 1-5Paris 0 0100001 0-2Batteries Richmond, Ci eager andHaley ; Paris, Schrauder and Mayer.Hits Richmond 7, Paris 6. Errors-Richmond 1, Paris 4. 'Two base hitsChapman, Bramlage, McKernan,Haines. Three base hit Olson. Struckout by Schrauder 7, by Creager 8.Double play McKernan to Barnett.Wild pitch Creager. Passed ballMayer. Hit by pitcher- Barnett. Stolen base Barnett 'Sacrifice hit Chapman. Time 1 40. Umpire Alloway.Second game.Richmond 0 10 0 2 03Paris : 0 6 5 0 0 011Batteries Paris, Maxwell, Hauser,Mayer; Richmond, Creager, Black,Walden and Haley. Hits Paris 14,Richmond 7. ErrorsRichmond 2.Bases on balls-off Maxwell 2,off Walden 2. Struck out by Hauser 4, byMaxwell 1. Double plays Black toBaird to Haines. Passed ball Haley.Hit by pitcher Bramlage, Maxwell,Black. Hits off Creager 4 in 1 inning,off Black 8 in 2 1-3 innings. Stolenbases Baird, Hauser, Sacrifice hitHaley. Time 1:15. Umpire Alloway. Attendance 250.SATURDAY.In a game that went the full lengthof two contests Paris and Lexingtontied Saturday afternoon and at theconclusion of the eighteenth inning thegame was called on account of darkness. To make the affair more complete, after Wilkinson and the Paristeam had left the field Yancey appointed Vallandingham substitute umpireand the Lexington player declared thegame forfeited to Lexington.The contest was a pitchers' battlebetween jgHauser and Robbins withhonors greatly to the favor of theParis hurler.Paiis counted their lone tally in theeighth. Kuhlman singled, toqk secondon a. fumble and scored when McKernan doubled. An oversight on the partof Umpire Wilkerson robbed Paris ofthe game in the same half when McKernan stole home and Sewell droppedthe ball. He was called out by WilRerson. In the ninth Yancey put theball over the left field fence that tiedup the game. The score :Lexington000000001000 0 0000 01Paris l.0000000100000000-0 0 1Batteries Paris,Hause and Mayer;Lexington, Robbins and Sewell. HitsParis I'd, Lexington 8. Errois Lexington 5, Paris 2. Earned runs Lexington 1. Two base hits McKernan,Goodman. Harrell. Home run Yancey. Base on balls off Roboins 3. offHauser 4. Stolen bases Ellis, Yancey, Chapman. Struck out by Robbins 10, by Hauser 14. Left on basesLexington 10, Paris 14. Double playsHikes to Viox, McKernan to Barnett2. Passed ball Mayer. First base onErrors Lexington 2, Paris 3. . Hit bypitcher by Hauser(Robbins 2). Gamebegan 3:30. Time 3:30. UmpireWilKerson.tf.Statement ot Condition ofDeposit Bank of Paris' '.After, paying a 4 per cent.' semi-annu&l dividend, at close of business" , June 30, 1911.RESOURCES: i LIABILITIES:& Cash 18,343 41 1 Capital Stock. ...$100,000 00ue from Banks 45,989 31 1 Surplus. 30,000 00Real Estate 11,000 00 Undivided Profits, includingFurniture and Fixtures 1,500 00' Tax and Interest Fund 4,296 00Overdrafts . 2,035 59 Re-Discounts 000 00Loans 329, 22& iG Due Banks 000 00i Individual Deposits 273,800 47' -' : S408.09G 47 ' . $408,096 47I, C. K. Thomas, Cashier of Deposit Bank of Paris, do solemnly swear thatthe above is a'true statement of the condition of this bank on this date." ' C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.VExamined and checked by expert State Bank Examiner on May 2 3, 1911.-SUNDAY.Paris took revenge upon the Lawmakers for the double defeat a weekprevious, and Sunday afternoon took adouble bill from the Frankfbrt team.The first game resulted in an overwhelming defeat for the visitors butthe second was of an entirely differentcharacter.Aside from four mlsplays on therjart of Paris in the first game theyfielded brilliant. In the outfield Hauser and Goodman took some difficultchances and robbed the visitors of several hits. While Barnett had two errors he played a star game and lacedout a home run in the fifth. TheChamps hit Cornell at will -but Kingpitched masterly ball, and to the sixthinning held his opponents to two hitsafter which he slowed up.Shears and Cramer opposed eachother in the second game, which wasan exceptionally fine contest. Bothpitchers were on their mettle. A hitand two errors in the fourth gave thevisitors their only ran. In the seventhafter McKernan flied to Nicholson,Maxwell singled to center and Barnettto right. Maxwell scored on Mayer ssacrifice. After two were out in theninth Barnett walked and Mayer followed with a double sending Barnettover the plate with the winning run.The score: nFrankfort 00 0 0 0 0 0 3 0-3Paris 0 14 0 4 0 0 1 x 10Batteries Frankfort and Holder;Paris, King and Mayer. Hits Paris- 4TIMELYTIP!Get Your Summer Footwear From Us.Thcr's An, Advantage.I We Sell High Grade Footwear at a Great Saving.MWe Sell Nothing But Shoes,Shoes is All We Sell,But We Do Sell Shoes.11, Frankfort G. Errors Paris A,Frankfort 2. Two base hits Kuhlman, Maxwell, Cramer. Three basehits Kahlman, Hoffman, Myers.Home run Barnett. Bases on balls-off King 1, off Cornell 3. .Struck outby King 5, by Cornell 4. UmpireWilkerson.Second game.Frankfort 0 0 0 1.0 0 0 0 0-1Paris 0 0 0 0 Q 0 1 0 12Batteries Frankfort, Cramer andHolder; Paris, Shears and Mayer.Hits Frankfort 5. Paiis 6. Errors-Frankfort 1, Paris 4. Earned runsParis 1. Two base hit Mayer. Baseson balls off Shears 1, off Cramer 1.Struck out by Shears 8, by Cramer10. Double play Barnett to Harrell.Passed ball Mayer. Stolen baseKuhlman. Umpire Wilkerson. Attendance 1,000.MONDAY.The Bourbonites defeated the Hustlers yesterday atternoon by a score of8 to 1. The locals hammered Brown tothe four corners of the lot, and assisted by a few misplays completely snowed the visitors under. Schrauder he'dthe visitors to five hits, only three ofwhich were clean and had it n"t beenfor errors in the sixth the Hustlerswould hare been whitewashed. At nostage were the locals in danger of defeat. Winchester 0 0000100 0-1Paris 1 0 2 0 20 1 2 x 8Earned runs Paris 4. Two base hitsKuhlman, Maxwell. Bases on ballsoff Schrauder 2. off Brown 1. Struckout by Schrauder 3, by Brown 4.Passed balls McGuire, Mayer 2.Stolen base Harrell. Sacrifice hitsLaross, Kuhlman. Time 1:45. Umpire Wilkerson. Attendance 300NOTES.Thpre will be an excursion to Frankfort Thursday over the $ intei urbanfrom this city. On this occasion theLawmakes and Boubonites will meetin a double header, which will closethe first half of the season.When Walter Mayer, the Paris backtop, advanced to the bat the. firsttime Sunday afternoon, he was presented with a handsome bouquet offlowers, the gift of relatives andfriends who came from Cincinnati towitness the games between Paris andFrankfort. Umpire Wilkerson presented the flowers to Mayer, who recieved them smilingly while the crowdcheered. Danny HarrelLrelieved himof the immense floral offerng whilethe Paris wind-pad artist faced thepitcher. Among those who came fromCincinnati and who were interestedspectators at the game were Mayer'sfather and mother, Mr. and Mrs.Julius Mayer, his brother, JuliusMayer, Jr., and sister. Miss VeraMayre, and Mr. Gus Tedesco. Theywei;e all proud of tha way Walter acquitted himself and especially so inthe iast game, when his sacrifice putover the run that tied up the contestand his timely two-hagger sent Barnett around with the winning run:(Continued from Page 5)about noon which was quickly extinguished. Had it occurred at any othertime it would have destroyed the barnwith all its contents.Messrs. E. P. Clarke and J. C. Layson will leave next week for a sojournat Swango Springs.Mr. Louis Leigh and family, of Cincinnati, arrived Saturday as guest cf IMr. and Mrs. j. T. Insko.Mr. W. C. Collins was bitten Fridaymorning by a dog of Mr. W. S. Judy, Jlniftcting rather severe wounds.Miss Ethel Blackerby, left Mondayfor her home at Brooksville after avisit to her aunt, Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper. Mr. Claude Neal and family, ofNewport, arrived Saturday as guestsof his parents, Mr. and Mr3. E. M.Neal.Misses Elizabeth Ingles, . Lucille, Daily and Lavina Reynolds left yesterday to visit Miss Mary Burnes Parkerat Maysville.Mr. B. A. Neal has resigned his position as clerk at the postoflice hisresignation taking effect Saturday. Heis succeeded by Miss Jennie MaiiePepper, daughter of Postmaster U. S.G. Pepper.GREAT REDUCTION SALE.-Be-ginningwith Saturday and continuingfor the next two weeks I will offer myentire stock of cut glass and queensware at greatly reduced 'prices, with25 per cent off. Ihese goods are forcash only2t S. H. ENDICOTT.We Sell and show more Footwear than any other store in the city.We sell all the latest style Footwear.BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,4 men 3m "" E. T. phone 656.gV1, Ladies' White Kid and Canvas Pumps,f with or without straps, former price$2.49 and $1.99.Special $1.49Men's comfortable Olive Elk and Canvas Outing Shoes,' just the thing forthe warm weather. NSpecial $1.24Infants' Soft Sole Slippers in White and Tan Kid, 25c value 14c.DAN COHEN336 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGN"A Mass Convention of Republicansis called for Saturday, July 8, at 1 :30p. m. at old Christian church for thepurpose of selecting delegates to stateconvention to be held in LouisvilleJuly 11, 1911.GEO. W. STUART, Chairman.W. A. THOMPSON, Sect.LOST.JCuff button on streets of Paris. Ini:tials'J. T. P." on same. Finder return to News office and get reward.Administrator's Notice.. All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properlygprovcn according to law and filed witn theundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jljn " K .j- 7 :- ' '- -SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT- ' v (condensed) v "vt Of the Condition ofirst national Bank of ParisVat the close of business June 30, 1911.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts 434,873.91United States Bonds 101,000.00Cash, Due from Banks andU. S. Treasury -.72,830.81Overdrafts 00LIABILITIESCapital and Surplus $18Undivided Profits .. pCirculation IOCh1Deposits.-- 340'-Due Banks ""608,704.72EARNINGS.$":I Earnings past six, months $1,, t.unaiviaea proms :., -, ,Disposed of as follows:Expenses six months $ 3,796.49Added to surplus 10,000.00Added to tax account 1 1,000.00Undivided profits remaining- 2,140.83516,937.32 1 - $rrthe only National bank in bourbon countyunited states depositorsHaving large Capital and Surplus, Conservative Management, and iequipped with best facilities, this Bank solicits the accounts ot CorporateIndividuals and Banks, promising the utmost liberality consistent wire'sbusiness methods.SAFETY VAULT BOXES FOR RENTn2Claude M. Thomas,Clell E. Turney,'W. W. Haley,DIRECTORS.W. P. Ardery,Clifton Arnsparger,R. B. Hutchcratt,M. R. JaeJ. A. LaP..J. Fran-v C?Statement of the Condition ofBourbon Bank and Trust GoPARIS, KY.(Incorporated) .After Paying 4 per cent. Semi-Annual Dividend, at the clos bi trsJune 30, 1911.RESOURCES: 1 LIABILITIES:Loans and Bills 432,775 95Overdrafts 6,968 55Real Estate-...,. 14,000 00Furniture and Fixtures.'.-. 800 00Due from Banks 34,438 51Cash 24,171 86$513,154 87DIRECTORS.J. T. Hinton,W. H. McMillan,J. W. Davis,B. A. Frank,Buckner Woodford.We solicit a share of your business.Capital Stock SiG0,ix 00Surplus . 30,0m M)Undivided Profits 12,311 77Reserved for Taxes 3,49 47Notes Re-Discounted 40,00) 00Individual Deposits 327,3463' $513, T4 87OFFICERS.Buckner Woodford, President.J. T. Hinton, Vice-President.S. E. Bedford, Cashier.B. Woodford, Jr., Assistant Cashier.NOTICE!Mr. Farner!&fte&&&fi?&&&&jp&i$?&bte&&&)?'bib$!&The FENCE STRETCHERS weloaned you are charged on your account. Please return at once sothey may be credited.&ii4FORD & CO-. j"i'i i'fc 4 -! - r r H - ? n 4 tf T 4 r tfi j n'- ? t0B'I (ur T inp nf fvterlifKr Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the- very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-setSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.1 hA MaII.A - I IlllllTT-- ' .I Both Phones. mV Ii