THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PRIDAY IN THE YEARuVVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTMEBER 15, 1911.",M" -Isemi-WeeKlu specialsiAt TheSIMONDcp't Store,Monday, Sept 18,$1.50 Bed Spreads atHalf-price, 75c. One to acustomer.Sale Begins 9 a. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.mm.NOTE A nice line of Gage Bro.' Tailoredats ;ust received.wpeeials ForTHIS WEEKwwwwmftisft$ftftftUSft'.Standard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbsImported Swiss Cheese, per lbBrie Cheese, per lb 3020-.35.15.55"T25.10.25N. Y. Cream Ceeese, per lbBoiled Ham, per lbMinced Ham, per lbOld Reliable Coffee, 2 lbs..Arm & Hammer Soda, 3 lbsXenox Soap, 3 barsLenox Soap, 8 barsBlueing, 2 boxes 05Argo Starch, 3 boxes 105 gals. Oil, the Best 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40wRobert Cunningham Bound Over.The examining trial of Robert Cunningham, of Lexington, charged withinvoluntary manslaughter, came up inthe county court Wednesday morningand resulted in his being neld to theNovember ter,ra of the Bourbon grandjury in the sum of $500 with his father, G. D. Cunningham, as surety.Cunningham was the driver of theill-fated automobile in the wreck ofwhich on Tuesday night, September 5,near here, Glenn Elkins, ofLexingtor,was killed and Howerton Gratz received injuries from which he is confinedto a Lexington hospital with littlehope of his recovery. The v a rant forthe arrest of Cunningham was issuedat the instance of County AttorneyGeorge Batterton, who conducted theprosecution at the examination.Warren Fisher, one of the four occupants of the automobile at the time ofthe collision; Charles Coleman, thecolored man who was driving hisbuggy and going to his home on thefarm of John Brennan and who metthe party just before the accident;Drs. C. T. Daugherty and W. K. Dudley, who gave medical assistance tothe im'ured. and Charles Webber, werethe witnesses who testified for theprosecution.Mr. Fisher, who occupied the real:seat with Glenn Elkins, said that whilehe could not see the speedometer ofthe automobile he thought that thespeed was about forty miles per hour.The witness said that the speed ratewas low until atfer the party passedElemendorf. The party of four leftLexington at about 11 :15 o'clock onthe night of the accident.Coleman said that he was returningto his home at the time of meeting theautomobile party. He said he first sawthe automobile when it was on theMonterey hill and that he thought thathe would be able to clear the doublecurve at Shanty Spring before theautomobile would come up, and thathe was compelled to pull off the roadtc avoid a collision.The defense was represented by C.A. McMillan and E. M. Dickson, ofParis.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.z' .. -m . . . .' Wt KINOW MOW "Heating Stoves.Our line of new heaters is complete.Don't try to put up that old stove.Come in and let us fix you up right.Prices within reach.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Bourbon Female College Opens.Ai J The Bourbon Female College opened':?: Tuesday morning for its session off 1 1911-12, and from the statement oftfi : Prof. M. G. Thomson the institutionl!f j never enjoyed a more successful openf i ing, all of the available accommodates tions being used and it was found nee'Mv ' essary to utilize the cottage in the yardf I to accommodate Home of the boarders.tta The local patronage is the best it hasw IrITifPillAnd Winter Eats.q'Dunlap and StefcsdnrHats for Fall and Winter arenoivready for your inspection. You will find in our line all thenew shapes, both in Stiff and Soft Hats. The RoughScratch Hat in Creys and Browns are popular this season.Our Fall Suits and Overcoats in light and Heavyweight in the new shades are now ready for yourinspection.Don't Overlook Our Shoe Department.Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis9Kentuckyiw&I ever enjoyed.45kT. C. LEINIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,This college belongs to the Association of Colleges, which includes Camp-bell-Hagerman,Hamilton and Sarye,of Lexington ; Caldwell, of Danville,and M. F. C , of Millersburg, eachhaving the same course of study whichlcnludes a general course by whichpupils may receive a diploma, but notin rtaorrp.e. tn attain which it is neces-f , sary to take a fuller and longer coursein tne languages ana matnematics...v.. lne faculty remains tne same as lascVltyear with the addition of Miss AnnieRayle, assistant teacher of mathe-..v.. i ma tics, oi wnicn department Mrs.f Anna Belle Goddard is the principal.niniiiiiiiiiiimniwuxftmiiimiiiiiim AtL. .i I7D A Tl o rI 1 JAilIS. (X JJ.itFeld's for Fall Footwear.iM'. aiM'A111?iifWSkHIRT1911mmWe Are Showing All the NewShirts for Fall.Wt9The Fountain at $1.The Price Shirt at $1.swhxr'-2 Fancy Patterns, with Collar to3 vU . 1 c mlggaag iiiciii, en. i.-c- ml-?VmBBtmilm&iwa i 'pXvSmm0050 m&miFor School Children.Tablets, pens, inks, pencils and allkinds of school supplies for the children. Our prices are a little lowerthan any other store.12 tf T. LENIHAN.t& II3J.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.jsmmPrice &Clothiers.mmfm$S&3ymVm3y JSTf& trfrnffP" KTVa5 NTF VSTStv fftd rv TNT JTrKr wv T W4 $-'A Card.Editor Bourbon News. I desire tocorrect a rumor that is being industriously circulated which reflects on theaction of the City Democratic Committee in the division of the electionofficers for Paris No. 3. The names ofMessrs. Reynolds Becraft.Wm. Hukill,Jr., J. H. Fuhrman and A. T. Ricewere, among others, given to the committee and under the decision of thecommittee to alternate the sheriff ineach - precinct, the sheriff in No. 3would have fallen to the candidatesstyling themselves "the new Council."Mr. Rice did not want to act as clerkand as Mr. Reynolds Becraft is one ofthe best election clerks I have everknown I asked one of the committeeto put Mr. Rice as sheriff and Mr. Becraft as clerk which was done. I madethe request for this reason only and assoon as I was informed that there wassome dissatisfaction over the 'selectionI sought Dr. Wm. Kenney and 'toldhim my reasons for asking that Mr.3ecraf t be made clerk and said to himif the candidates on his ticket wantedto make a change and substitute Mr.Rice for dark and make Mr. Becraftsheriff that 1 would cheerfully acquies,ce and while I had not consultedMessrs. W. O. Hinton and J. S. WilscnI would guarantee they would enter noobjection. I said the same to Mr.Ardery. Thpre are less transient votersin Paris No. 3 than in any precinct inBourbon county and there never hasbeen any trouble at the engine house.Even if I knew Henry Fuhrman, AlexRice, Reynolds Becraft and BudgeHukill were all against me I would bewilling to risk them, knowing no election booth ever held officers who wouldbe more fair or more honorable in thedischarge ot their duties.Very Truly,CHAS. E. BUTLER.CORDIALLY INVITEYou to make their store your headquarters "3,at all times. When you come to Paris during " ,Bourbon Fair be sure and make us a call.SSIfv2&;iNewest styles in Fall and Winter Ready-to-Weargarments for Ladies', Misses and Chitdren now ready for your inspection.Suits, Separate Skirts, Cloaks, Waistsand Dresses.An elegant assortment of Reay-to-Wear Hatsin Ladies, Misses and Children. See ournew White Hats with Veils and have one towear to the Fair.: 5t rz?pFrank & Co.Paris,Kentuckyaim nmmmiiiiiniiJMmuiiHiiimiiimiJiiiimimimmm jIT -V- m-yr-tti11' JBu.iauiiiroiJK v yVHiiflgHftH'J-il.-U'M!0ai,I Jis.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARlg, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 15, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSEach of the chief organs of the body is alink in the Chain ofLife. A chain is noBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.stronger than itsweakest link, the bodyno stronger than itsSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ownerweakest organ. If there is weakness of stomach, liver or lungs, there is aweak link in the chain of life which may snap at any time. Often this so-called"weakness" is caused by lack of nutrition, the result of weakness or diseaseof the stomach and other organs of digestion and nutrition. Diseases andweaknesses of the stomach and its allied organs are cured by the use of Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. When the weak or diseased stomach iscured, diseases of other organs which seem remote from the stomach but whichEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoilioe as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1 88 J 30 Years of Continuous Publicationhave their origin in a diseased condition of the stomach andother organs of digestion and nutrition, are cured also.The strong man has a strong stomach.Take the above recommended "Discovcry" and you may have a Strang stomach and a strong body.Given Away. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser,new revised Edition, is sent free on receipt of stamps to payexpense of mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for thebook in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Display advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue ; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.TKev last a lifetime. They're Fireproof Stormproof-Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurtherdetailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.( ftTflM ArHft fi IVFfUff I IMGV) 1I JdjiflK - -:-k.?iTihI'fI11Nif;ijtftHi4T4ntWWB ORIGINALITYITOBSSttW andKi sHBbments from all otJiers, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.Wft.HONE DETTER.Wm. JIdams & Son,142 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. IenfiiofeivBourbonD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.isassH '11511Bourbon Laundry,Paris,Kentucky,Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCares Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczem lies, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita Hiost effective remedy."W. T. Brooks,!Agent.Saves Labor; Does Better Work.It is claimed for a newly inventedfiber shedding machine introduced ifMexico that it will do the work oliifty laborers, and do cleaner workithan can be done by hand.Attacks School Principal.A sdvere attack on school principal,'ChasB. Allen, of Sylvania, Ga., isthus told by him. "For more thanthree years,'' he writes, "I sufferedl idescribable t'irtut.re from rheuma-Hiisrrl, Liver and stcmach trouble anddiseased kidnys All remedies failedtill I used Eleftric Bitters, but four, bottles of this wonderful remedy curedme completely.'' Suck- results aref c mmon. Toonaads bless tbem for'carmr, stomach trouble, female chm-tfainta. kidney disorders, biliousnpssand or new health and vigor. Try"vhcirL. Only .50c At Oberdorfer's.SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distimjuislies our MonuNONE CKZAPEBwill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat .makers than the ugliestold stove ou ever saw. Prettincss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.Laundry$wOffice Opp. Postoffice. WftA P rficular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work rhe rest ofcourse. Sy&tematic, throu:hpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.4?! LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILS IIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Dont imprison the disease germs inyour skirt by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, TWmol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A- 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and give you instant relief. ,G. S. Varden & Son.Filler for Linoleum.One woman who had been muchtroubled by the breaking of expensivelinoleum tried sawdust well sprinkledover the. rough floor before laying asa filler, and was delighted with the result$.00.Payable in3E0'Rear's Promises to RaisePrices.One of the most surprising statements made by Judge O'Rear in hisoratorical swing around the State isthat when ha is elected Governor thetobacco men will get twelve cents fortheir tobacco. This is very praiseworthy, but the Judge doesn't say howhe is going to force the tobacco trustto pay that much for all the tobaccothat is raised in Kentucky. Has theJudge ever heard of the law of supplyand demand? It affects all the products of the soil. If he proposes tooverthrow this theory of the economists, and pass a law that the Stateshall arbitrarily fix the price of tobacco at twelve cents, why can he notfurce the consumer to pay $1.50 abushel for wheat, and a proportionateprice for corn and oats? If we are going to enrich the farmer by Legislation, let us make him wealthy beyondthe dreams of avarice. Wheat andcron and oats grow out of the groundjust as tobaccc does, and there is nogoodreason why the farmer should.notget a big price for all his products ifthe Legislature can step in and make- the people Day the price that the fari mers themselves agree should be paid.There never was a gieater exhibition of demagogy than this appeal to aclass by Judge O'JRear. He knowswhat he promises is impossible of performance, and his attempts to get thevotes of the tobacco growers by anysuch hocus pocus is a reflection ontheir intelligence.The man who works in the tobaccofield is the hardest worked man onearth, and he is entitled to the highestpossible price for his product, andevery honest person, irrespective ofparty, rejoices when the price reachesa figure that will repay him for hislabor', and leave him a generous surplus. Every piece of beneficial Legislationon the Statute boos in the interest ofthe tobacco growers was put there bythe Democratic party, and JudgeO'Rear will have a difficult task toconvince them that he is the one manwho can be trusted to give them fairplay, and to hold to strict accountability whoever oppresses them.A Republican Appointee.Secretary Bid well, who stole over1,200 from the Racing Commission,was the presonal appointee of Governor Willscn. He wascorrespondent ofthe Louisville Herald during the lastcampaign, and his adulation was sothick that it sickened everybody butWillson. In gratitude for his sycophancy the Governor gave him anoffice at Frankfort, and then dumpedhim on the Racing Commission. Whenthe Democrats get in power againthere will be a good look at the books.A Reasonable Excuse:The Louisville "Herald alone discovered that Governor McCreary's openingaddress at Bowling Green was heardby a handful of people. The LouisvillePost, Judge O'Rear's organ, placedthe crowd that heard the Democraticleader at 5,000, and this was a conservative estimate. Of course as Mr.Shafer, the'editor of the Herald, livesin Chicago, and'gets his news of Kentucky politics by freight, he must beeexused for making such ridiculousblunders.Republicans and Militarism.Governor McCreiry's criticism ofGovernur Willson for spending over$270,000 for militia purposes struckJudge O'Rear on his funny bone. Hedid not see why the Democratic candidate should get excited becauseWillson "had spent a few thousanddollars calling out the troops." Bradley, Taylor and Willson all dependedon .the soldiers. Republican Governorhave an abiding faith in tne militarywhen they want their policies enforced. Would O'Kear act any differentlyas chief executive? Evidently not ashis platform approves every act of theWillson Administration.ONE YEAR,SIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor GovernorJAMES B. McOREARYof MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorEJ. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WOPvTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYInfluence of Clothes.Clothes have a most surprising influence on the mind. If you don't believe it, some day vhen you are tiredor perhaps blue, or even cross, takea bath, put on something dainty andfresh from top to toe, and your bestgo-to-meeting gown, and you'll feel asIf a fairy wand had suddenly touchedyou with some wonderful transformingpower. You'll find yourself looking atthe world through a rosy mist insteadof clouds of dull gray. It will be easyto smile. Suburban Life.Organ Many Centuries Old.What is believed to be the oldestorgan in existence has been discovered by a German musical director,who visited 59 churches In Gothland,and in a village called Sundae cameupon the remnant of the quaint old instrument. The case alone has survived the fret of seven centuries, andits exterior is adorned with paintingsfrom about the year 1240.Science and Art.Science and art arc in spirit thesame, and they must be pursued withthe same ardor. The scientist, likethe artist, must be ready to do anything and go anywhere to get intouch with masters in his chosen fieldHe must deem no sacrifice of time ormoney too great to secure a real mastery of the technique of his profession. It is through weakness in technique that much of our science presents so amateurish an appearanc.Richard C. Maclaurin, in the Atlantic.U1U1ATJ.81Cured by the Marvel; of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure)Botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othejmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with dhections for home cure.Si.m:xD:n; free by writing Blood.. .i ") Atlanta, Ga. Describevi u trcuoe nd free medical advicegi;jn. -ol. ly Varden & Son.GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399."Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryLESSEESDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.StSsSS3sZS2bEast Term. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills.you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."4 'WhenThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Not Going to Let Him Escape."Smithers is discouraged about hislove affair." "What's happened?" "Hewas in the act of proposing last nightwhen the girl's mother and fathercame in." 4,What did Smithers do?""Stopped short, of course." "What didthe girl do?" "She said: "What wereyou saying, Mr. Smithers?' "Life.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw;N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there lano sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes, overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare bo carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use. nerfectlvharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely- reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. VardenASon. .9Cg2$S5Xrand be satisfied.youProfessional CardsJ J. WIL.L.IAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Bnildine.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 136.Residence ,"&. !Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpStairsJOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELIiER,Practicing Physician,OQlces,rRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to waiton thetrade. No long wait?. You are next,M. A, KAHAL:&hI-Xn,-irTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKYi SEPT,.15 191 J.flflfflBRBK'iw;VacationPtMrtilfV'WORK DOSEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHE ' 'ByRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let tts figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces."I intended to stay the week end.but remained a month," said Vera."A month?" echoed Corrine."Yes; mother forwarded my trunk.""Were you well acquainted at thehotel?""Didn't know a soul, excepting mycousin, who introduced me upon myarrival to five girls and one fellow.That fellow was simply crazy abouttennis, golf and launching.""Did you have your middy blouseswith you?""Of course. I could see myself sailing already, when he grasped myhand, saying "Good-bye, hope we meetagain. i must hustle, as my trainleaves in five minutes.""That evening while waiting at thedesk for some mail I did not expect,I met Mr. Evers. We stepped out onthe porch and talked about sororitiesand fraternities until I was hoarse.Never before or since have I been soradiant Just as I was trying tomake my eyes not behave, he said:'If you play bridge, my wife and Iwould be delighted to have you joinub.' But I wasn't keen about it andbegged to be excused as I felt chilled.""Another young man would sit onthe beach glancing admiringly at mystunning bathing suit. Once when Idropped my handkerchief, accidentallyon purpose, he picked it up. 'Thankyou kindly,' I said. Can you beat it?Taking an ear trumpet from his pocket, he explained that he was stonedeaf.""How tragic," interrupted Corrine."Weren't there any eligibles?""There was one prosperous, wellgroomed athletic person, who was recently imported from France andcouldn't converse in English.""I thought you studied French?""Certainly, but all I could rememberwas 'Je vous aime and Ires bien.'""Did you like the hotel?""Oh, who wouldn't? Printed menuand finger bowls three times a day.Besides, the old ladies sat on the veranda, rocking and knocking, addedzest to the visit."I forgot about Mr. Wilson, who escorted me to a dance across the bay.Upon entering the hall he said, 'Idon't dance.' ""Exciting; aid you decorate thewall?""Until I met a young man who wasdevotion Itself. I saw his constantlyafter that. The money he spent oncandy and flowers!""You're too particular. Vera. Whatwas the trouble with him?""The trouble was a case of mistaken identity. He mistook me for mycousin. Vera Carter, who is heiress toa couple of millions. I suppose heworks a year to make a splurge fora few days.""Another day a Mr. Johnston invited me to go automobihng. Everythingwas ideal until we had a puncture.The village was five miles away. Wehad to sit in the broiling sun for fourhours, as Mr. Johnston protested hecould not walk because ho was subject to epileptic fits and had to becareful.""It's a wonder you stayed away solong.""Oh, there was a bachelor about 50years old with loads of money.""Vera!" declared Corrine in surprise. "You couldn't cr-e for an oldman like that?""No, because he was damaged. Hadlost his right arm in an accident. ButI was courteous to him because he expected his nephew home from Europesoon.""I suppose you never saw thenephew.""Indeed I have. I've seen him everyevening since I came back and hisuncle is going to be my uncle."Cbe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.srAdvertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.&WiWWiWiWirtAn Old-Fashioned Disease.Every little while there comes alongsome person of authority to jolt a little of the pride out of the human race.Just when everybody is feeling unusually jubilant over the advance ofcivilization, the spread of educationor the growth of a new disease dueto modern conditions, the wise manbobs up and tells us we're behind thetimes, that, in the words of the oldsong, "that story had paresis in thedays of old Ramesses."Now the wise man has stood up inhis place to tell us that we're not sofast a people after all, that the disease of the heart of which we've beenso fond, fancying it came from our' strenuousness, is literally as old asthe pyramids, that the Egyptians suffered its pains In their time.It is a Chicago heart specialist whothus knocks into a cocked hat our pettheories regarding degeneration of thearteries, which we've been proud tobelieve peculiar to modern highspeed conditions. Now this mantakes pains to point out that anatomicafresearch upon mummies showsthe prevalence of arterio-scierosls inthe pyramid days. He adds that Itoften Is superinduced by diseaseswhich probably were as widespreadthen as now.Gift and AdvertisementIn the custom of the orient, JamesJ. Hill, who has such important commercial relations in China, sends Oregon and Washington apples for hisholiday gifts to Chinese friends.The Kind."I'm afraid the royalists of Portugalwill have hard work .to land the youngking back on the throne.""Hard work? It will be regular Manuel labor."KIPLING TAKESPEW IN HANDAuthor Warns CanadiansAgainst Reciprocity.SAYS ODDS TOO GREAT!IMICHELINIBelieves Ratio of Ten to One In Population Handicap For Dominion InStruggle For Existence LikensUnited States Unto SpendthriftWho Has Squandered InheritanceBefore Middle Age and Now SeeksCheaper Living.Ottawa, Ont, """ V-RudyardKipling is the latest recruit to theanti-reciprocity cause. The MontrealStar got him to write a letter to theeditor and it was cabled to the Starand printed. This is it: I"I don't understand how nine mil-'lion people can enter into such arrangements as are proposed withninety million strangers on an open 'frontier of 4,000 miles and at the'same time preserve their national in-'tegrity."Ten to one is too heavy odds. Nosingle Canadian would accept suchodds in any private matter that wasas vital to him personally as this isto the nation."It is her own soul that Canadarisks today. Once that soul is pawned for any consideration, Canadamust inevitably conform to the commercial, legal, financial, social andethical standards which will be imposed upon her by the sheer admitted weight of the United States."She might, for example, Le compelled later on to admit reciprocityin the murder rate of the UnitedStates, which at present I believe issomething over 150 per 1,000,000 perannum."If these proposals had been madea generation ago, or if the Dominionwere today poor, depressed and without hope, one would perhaps understand their being discussed, but Canada is none of these things. She isa nation, and as the lives of nationsare reckoned will ere long be amongthe great nations."Why, then, when she has madeherself what she is, should she throwthe enormous gifts of her inheritanceand her future into the hands of apeople,, who by their haste and wastehave so dissipated their own re-;sources that even before nationalmiddle age they are driven to seekvirgin fields for cheaper food and living? "Whatever the United States maygain, and I presume that the UnitedStates' proposals are not wholly altruistic, I see nothing for Canada inreciprocity except a little readymoney, which she does not need, anda very long repentance."Inner Tubesfor Michelm and all otW EnvelopesThe majority of motor-ists throughout the worldare satisfied users ofMichelin Inner Tubes.iThey are the best judges.Ask them. 'goLook for VNr en Ueg yi tnis sign I'l'Mi f jm gtrtgetJCV. -iJ3IN STOCK BYBourbon Garage and Supply Co.Fourth and High StreetsYrNEW GUN DOESITS WORK WELLTwelve Aeroplanes Destroyed By Naval Marksmen.FLOATED FROM WARSHIPSMURDERER CAUGHTON VISIT TO HOMEHad Escaped Jail and Was Believed Dead In Mountains.Uniontown, P? . 3. B. FrankSmith, ihc double murderer whobroke jail nine weeks ago, was arrested here- when he ventured from themountains for the first time to greethis wife at their home. Cleveily disguised, Smith managed to walk boldly through Uniontown until he reached his home on the outskirts.His wife was surprised to see him,for it had been supposed that Smithhad either starved or killed himselfwhile outlawed in the mountains between this place and Cumnerland.Others had seen the stranger walkinto the Smith residence and soonthe police had the tip and a sheriff'sposse was at the house.IAdmiral Osterhaus Highly Pleased atShowing Made by Crews of Atlantic Fleet During Tests Off Coastof Virginia Aircraft Easily Locatedat Night by Powerful Searchlights.!Sharpshooters On Louisiana DoGood Execution With Small Arms.;ana did some excellent work witn.small arms.The night work exceeded expectations and the high scores registered,by the gunners greatly pleased Admiral Osterhaus. Today the entirefleet, excepting the cruiser Washington, will participate in aeroplaneshooting. Every ship in the fleet hasfrom three to five aeroplanes on.board, and it is presumed that thegunners will be called on to destroythem at heights ranging from 500 to1,200 feel.So Impractical!"You can't please some men,"' saysthe strong-jawed woman. "Now;takemy husband, for example. He is neversatisfied with what we have for dinner." "Why don't you find out what helikes and make up your menus fromthe list?" asks the friend,"I know what he likes. He has toldme often enough. But practicallyevery dish he suggests Is something Ihaven't any use for for." Judge.Norfolk, Va., Sf That thenewly-invented three-incn gun, especially designed to destroy airships,aeroplanes and other aerial crafts,that may be constructed in the futurewill do the work was fully demonstrated when gunners on the battleships Louisiana and Mississippi andthe scout cruiser Salem destroyedfive aeroplanes, and those on the Virginia, New Hampshire, North Caro-jlina and Connecticut seven more. The Jaeroplanes or box-kites were madefast to the torpedo boats and severalbattleships. They were permitted tosoar to heights of 500, 800 and 1,200feet.The shooting at night was conducted with the aid of searchlights and 'without them. Tiny lights tied in thebox-kites furnished the only illumination for the gunners.In addition to the newly-inventedeun. the sharpshooters on the Louisi-Keep Up the Alimony."Now," asked the lawyer who. wasdrawing up the will, "is there anything more that you wish to havementioned?""You've just said I want all my justdebts paid, have you?" ,"Yes.""Well, just add that the womento whom I have been paying alimonyare to have their regular allowancesright along."Laws in Primitive Times.Throughout the dark ages of European accused person had to carry apiece of red-hot iron for some distance in his hand or to walk nine feetbarefooted over ploughshares at whiteheat The hand or foot was bound upand Inspected three days afterward.If the defendant had escaped unhurthe was pronounced InnocenL If hebad been burned he was declaredguilty.Superior Endnres. Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It willpost you on many vital points, such as finenea6,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etcSuperior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,"used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. Insist onSuperior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co.gjjji&SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky.THE DRY FALL OUTING TOMammoth CaveFor Home . Circle and Private PartiesiJ $5.65:Round Trip fromPARIS And all Way StationsREGULAR TRAIN 7:38 A. M.Wednesday, SejJf.27,All Expenses at Hotel Only $6.50This includes your board and admission to the several routes in the'eave. dne eveningfor a promenade or dance.A GRAND THREE-DAYS OUTING Write or Phon L. & NTicket Attiv"B". mmmrm,-f ? itiuiHIJIitllEl!rlI?iI1Ii--iJ!VjuVaJtL anJV -jjtijAxut&atefdfe rM ii i tfrgfesS iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,: KENTUCKY, AUGUST 15, 1911.mMA11I'JM8IS1!i'.lILevi no tonOctober 3-14Greatest in the WorldUHLAN 1 :58$21,000 Futurity - - Tuesday, OGt. 3x 3,000 Tennessee Stake - Tuesday, Oct. 35,000 Futurity - - Wednesday, OGt. 43,000 MGDowell Stake Wednesday, Oct. 45,000 Transylvania Stake Thursday, Oct. 5Great Free For All PaGe Friday, OGt 68,000.Champ. Stallion Stake Mond'y, Oct. 93,000 Walnut Hall Cup - Monday, Oct. 92,000 Free For All Trot Tuesday, Oct. 1 0Every World's Champion from Yearling up, PresentSensational Racing Daily.MUSIC BY WEBER. HRLF-FARE ON RAILROADSMILLERSBURO ITEMS.Mr. R. H. Hunter, of Washington,Ky., is visiting relatives here.Mr. Henry Bowling resigned Tuesday as salesman for Jones Bros.A large number from here heardJudge O'Rear at Carlisle Monday.Born, on Sunday, to Mr. and Mrs. C.C. Chanslor, a son, weight 6 pounds.Miss Calla Lee McNamara was theguest of relatives in Paris last week.Messrs. J. R. Long and J. C. Leerleft Tuesday for the State .b'air atLouisville.Mrs. Graham Smedley left Wednesday for a few days' sojourn at Mammoth Cave.Miss Lyda Butler left Tuesday fora month's visit to relatives at Andersonville, Ind.Our town and community werelargefy represented at the Carlislebarbecue Thursday.Mrs. Henry Bowling and chilrdenleft Sunday for a weeks' visit to relatives in Cincinnati.Call Butler & Miller for your wintersupply of coal. Best grades of SouthJellico. Both phone 62.Mrs. Hamlet Sharp, of Maysville,was the guest Sunday night and Monday of Mrs. J. C. Leer.Mrs. Chas. Hainline.of Mt. Sterling,was the guest of Miss Ruth McClintock Monday and Tuesday.Mr. W. M. Dunn, of Richmond, Va.,was the guest of Miss Annie SmithTuesday and Wednesday.Mrs. William Crouch and children,of Little Rock, were guests last weekof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. HenrySheeler..Mrs. Margaret Mitchell .'was in Lexington Tuesday at the bedside of heraister, Mrs. McCarthy, who is critically ill.Mrs. Nettie Gardner left Mondayfor her home in Paris after a twoweeks' visit to her daughter, Mrs. E.B. Taylor.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Sheeler movedlast week from the rooms in Millerflat to a part of the residnece of Mrs.Russell Mitchell.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. .Newman andgrandchildren, of Mt. Olivet, wereguests Monday of Mr. an3 Mrs. AaronMcConnell, leaving Tuesday for Louisville. FOR SALE. A small lot adjoiningmy residence on South Main streetwhich I will sell reasonable. For further particulars call onMRS. MINNIE ROSS.Dr. C. W. Mathers escorted thenotable speakers that took part in theCarlisle baroecue Thursday from 'Louisville, leaving for that city Wed-fSHOEy WJYOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.M'WillTROTS3 World's Champion Trotter 14, Appears Three Times.nesday, entertaining the celebrities atthe Phoenix Hotel at Lexington Wednesday night, conveying them fromthence Thursday morning to the Carlisle picnic grounds in automobiles.Mrs. Lona Drennan. of Cornith, isthe guest of her niece, Mrs. Joe W.Mock.Mr. C. W. Corrington will return today after a few days business trip toCincinnati.Mrs. Aaron McConnell left Tuesdayfor a visit to relatives at Maysville,Germantown and Mt. Olivet.Miss Lillie Dell Lynch returnedMonday after a several days' visit toMiss Annie Tune at Carlisle.Misses Sarah and Mattie MillerVaught have returned after an extended tour through the East.Amity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M.conferred the first degree on Mr. Arthur Kennedy Tuesday night. Severalvihitors were present and a number ofinteresting talks were made.M. M. I. opened Wednesday morningwith a large number of students.There were more present on the opening day than xor several years. Theoutlook is indeed flattering, as quite alarge number are yet to come.Born, last week to Elder and Mrs.W. A. Gardner, of Olatbe, Kansas, ason. It will be remembered that ElderGardner was pastor of the Christianchurch here for two years, resigningin June, 1910.Will Entertain President.If President Taft can arrange tovisit Lexington while on his visit toKentucy in October, the Commercialj Club of that city will J?ive a banquetJ in honor of the Chief CiXecutive of thenation. Plans regarding the visit ofPresident Taft to Kentucky are yetincomplete.Barbecue a Grand Success,With a crowd numbering fullytwelve thousand people in attendnace,the Ninth District Democratic Barbecue, held near Carlisle yesterday, passed off auspiciously. The early morningtrains passing through this city carriedmanv extra coaches to accommodatethe large number of passengers thatattended.Specials were run from all branchesot the road and passed through Pariscrowded to the guards. The earlytrains carried such celebrities as Senator McCreary, of Richmond, Democratic candidate for Governor, and hisrunning mate, Hon. E. J. McDermott,of Louisville, and prominent politicians from every section of theState, while others went through inautomobiles.Addiesses were made by Democraticleaders of this and other states. Fromthis point fully three hundred ticketswere sold nvp.r the Tj. fa N. while n1 rge number who attended the barbejcue went in automobiles.For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stoodfor truethe maneconomy toof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Grocerymtn Wounded by Negro.Luther Hunt, a groceryman, whoconducts a store .at Currentsvllle, aboutfive miles from Paris on the Peacockpike, was shot and seriously woundedby Walter Johnson, colored Wednesdayafternoon as the result of a difficultyin which the men had engaged severaldays ago. Johnson was arrested ajshort time after the shooting and landed in jail.The difficulty which led up to theshooting occured last Saturday nightin the store of Hunt at Currentsville.Johnson had been a customer at thestore and had previously purchased oncredit a quantity of supplies, for whichhe had never paid. Hunt insisted upona settlement of the account which thenegro refused to pay and the groceryman is alleged to have struck him.Hunt resides with his sister, Mrs.Albert Talbot, about two miles fromParis and Tuesday night it is said thenegro was seen about the vicinity oftheT albott home and during the nighta number of shots were fired aroundthe house. Hunt came to Paris Wednesday and.was returning home and atthe samp time the negro was comingin the dircetion of the city.Johnson concealed himself in a cornfield and as Hunt passed he fired uponhim with a shotgun, the contents taking effect in his left arm, side andleg, inflicting dangerous wounds.Johnson came to Paris and going tothe court house endeavored to have apeace warrant sworn out againstHunt. While there County AttorneyGeorge Batterton received informationof the shooting and had DeputySheriff Talbott place the negro underarrest. la default cf $300 bond he wassent to jail to await his exaimningtrial.2 Hunt is aged abcut 38 years and isunmarried. Dr. Frank Fithian attwndedfthe injured man, who is resting easyand unless complications set in willrecover.Hands Up.Jesse James, the Missouri outlaw iscoming. See the sensational stageholdup. See the thrilling train robbery. See the bold bank raid. Seethe desperado's stubborn stand. Seethe death of Jesse James.Stirring, startling, melodramaticmotion pictures of America's boldestbandit.Three thousand feet of the mostsensatonal motiion pictures ever made.At the Paris Grand on Saturdaynight. Admisaion ten cents. Two performances commencing at 7:30 o'clock.Fall Millinery.Our fall and winter opening of millinery will be held on October 5. Theopening this fall will be held a littlelater than usual on account of thevery newest things in hats cannot beobtained from the wholesale housesany earlier. Wait and see the realnew slv1gh15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Bourbon Horses Win.Bourbon horses are winning blueribbons at the State Fair in Louisvillethis week. Harmon, the yearling stallion, owned by Collins & Redmon, ofnear North Middletown, won the firstpremium Monday, and Forrest Maiden,owned by Mr. Sanford Carpenter, ofMillersburg, also won a blue ribbon.The handsome two-year-old roadsterstallion, Charming King, belonging toMr. H. A. Power, of Paris, was awarded first premium also. He was exhibited by Mr. Allie Jones. ThiB horse wasawarded two first premiums at theBourbon Fair last week.Of the exhibit of Bourbon horsesWednesday ihe Louisville Timea says:"When crowds hissed their disapproval of the judgps' decision in thecombined harness and saddle horses'ring, for stallions of any age, lastnight,.they did not realize that theirfavorite, 'Roosevelt,' owned by Collins& Redmon, of North Middletown, Ky.,had a false tail, and that this marvelous horse was disqualified and the ribbon awarded W. M. and A. G. Jones'"Marvel King.' "A. G. Jones' Charming King tooksecond premium in the light harnessstallion class and Marvel King captured the ribbon in the ring for fouryearold stallions. S. C. Carpenter'sBeautyspot also won a blue tie."The Fortune Hunter" at Lexington. "The Fortune Hunter," Messrs.Cohan and Harris' production of Winchell Smith's delightful comedy ofrural life, will be offered for a returnengagement at the Lexington OperaHouse for two nights Monday andTuesday September 18 and 19, withTuesday matinee.Fred Niblo, one of America's bestcomedians ss Nathaniel Duncan whodevelops an unknown business acumenduring the working out of the sahemeof fortune hunting heads the cast ofcompetent players.The old druggist inventor, whosedaughter is an uncunscious incentivein the building of Nat Duncan'scharacter, is played by Frank Bacon,the veteran actor of character parts.The daughter, Betty, is portrayed byMiss Josephine Cohan of the famous"Four Cohans." The scheming friend,Harry Kellogg, a Wall street broker,is taken by Daniel Hamilton. Theraral sheriff, who believes all matrimony is a failure, played by FrankBouman, the banker "Blinkey" Lockwood, whose fortune is the basis of thescheme played by Noah Berry, and thebanker's daughter- by Miss LentoFulwell are the other principal partsof the comedy.The play relates the experiences inkeeping store and making love of ayouthful ne'er-do-well who is pushedout into the world to seek his fortuneand ends by earning it. Two acts traspire in a drug store the second showing a run-down old fashioned establishment in a sleepy Pennsylvania town,and the third a smart "Phramacy"that succeeds as a result of the younghero's enterprise."The Fortune Hunter" played record breaking engagements in NewYork and Chicago and created s newrecord for popularity never beforeequaled in the stage hiitory of nonmusic plays. The play is handsomelystaged. 2tRELIGIOUS.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis pulpit at the Baptist chuch Sunday.!morning. Services at 10 :45 o'clock.Services Sunday morning at theEpiscopal church by the rector, Rev.J. M. Maxon. Rev. Maxon willpreach to his congregation Sundayafternoon at 4 o'clock.Danville will probably have a newChristian church as an effort is beingmade to secure sufficient funds withwhich to erect a new temple of worship. A sum of about $25,000 has beenraised.All arrangements have been completed for the big gathering of missionary workers, of the Christianchurches of this section, which willmeet Saturday, September 16, on theChautauqua grounds at Parks Hill,Nicholas county.The Ladies Missionary Society ofthe Presbyterian church will meet inthe lecture room of the church Monday, Septeomer 18 at 3 p. m. It is urged that every lady whose name is ontue ron ana every may wno is a member of the chu,rch be present and joinin this work.Elder Carey E. Morgan willpreach to the congregation of theChristian church Sunday morning. Mr.F. M. Rains, secretary of the foreignChristian Missionary Society, will occupy the pulpit at night, &trices beginning at 7:30 o'clock. Mr. Rainshas jjst returned from a trip aroundthe world, during which he visited allthe missions and mission stations0Ethe Society.ttato.The Quality Store.Our furniture bears the reputationof being the best and most substantialquality of goods that can be bought.That's the reason our customers comeback. We invite new patrons to comeand see us.J. T. HINTON.Delicious.Whitman's candy is simply delicious.We are agents. Fresh lot just in. Allsize boxes.15 2t VARDEN & SON.Poeling Plan Formulated.The executive board of the BurleyTobacco Society was in session thegreater part of Tuesay, discussing theten-year pooling plan and establishmentof a mammoth tobacco manufactory inwhich growers will be the principalstockholders, with Millionaire JamesB. Haggin as financial bracer of thedeal. 'C. B. Berryman manager of Haggin's 8,000 acre farm, Elemendorf, andpersonal representative of Mr. Haggin, and Haggin's Attorney, John T.Shelby, and Col. John R. Allen, representing the society, were present andwent over the entire proposition..uunng tne aay an agreement wasreached between James B. Haggin,the most extensive grower of whiteburley in the world and the BurleySociety by which Mr. Haggin consented to pool his five hundred acre product this year and whatever he produces in the next ten years in the Burley Society. If this is done it will assure a pool of this year's crop.Many of the biggest producers 'innentucicy, unio ana inaiana nave assured the Burley Society that whenHaggin joined they would sign theten-year pooling arrangement nowunder consideration, and will takestock in the to and a quarter-milliondollar warehouse proposed to be builtat Lexington under mutual arrangements by growers themeslves.Whitman's Candies.Fresh lot of Whitman's fine boxcandies just received. Whitman'sname is a guraantee that its the best.15 2t VARDEN & SON.Grassers Go Up.A news note from Louisville is tothe effect that President William Npalof the Blue Grass League, has announced that the St. Louis American LeagueClub had dratted Third BasemanGoosetree from Winchester, of theBlue Grass League. Goosetree at onetime belonged to the Louisville Club,but was not given a trial.Capt Neal will call a special meeting of the Blue Grass League clubs atLexuitgon in a couple of weeks towind up the season business.It is reported unofficially that theNew York Americans have araftpdPitcher Shears, a left-hander, whocame to the Paris club from Minneapolis in the spring.Just Received.No candy is as good as Whitman's.We are agents. Fresh lot just in.15 2t VARDEN & SON;7Valuation of Kentucky Realty.Before the close of this year therewill be paid into the State Treasury$4,232,269.77 in taxes from the Sheriffs, which will be used duiing 1912 tohelp defray the expenses of the state.Nearly as much money is receivedfrom the'coiporations for their franchise taxes, etc., so that in 1912 therewill be more money or the new diminstration, Democratic or Republican, tospend than has ever been in the Treasury before.There has been a large increase inthe valuation of real property and personal property during this administration, but the expenses of the Government were much larger than in formeryears because the Leigslature has beenmore liberal in appropriating money,and because the expenses of operatingthe machinery of the state became increase by moving into the new capitol.It is intended that each county payits share, and the State Board ofequalization was created for that purposeto see that each county pays itsshare. Sometimes there seems to be ahardship placed on one county, while aneighboring county gets off with alighter load of taxation, but on thewhole the work of the State Boards ofEqualization has been very satisfactory. Bourbon county ranks as the fifthrichest county in the Comonweatlhwith a property valuation of $17,272,087and the amount of taxes which shewill pay into the State Treasury willamount to the sum of $86,360.04.ROYAL-BAKING POWDERAbsouiBy PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Crape Cream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATEIndictments Returned.The Harrison county grand jury adjourned Monday after returning sixteen indictments. Three of the indictments were for bootlegging, two forforgery, two for assault and battery,two for housebreaking and one for detaining a woman against her will., Special Prices on Rugs.We are oeffring the folowing specialprices on rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminster rugs onlv$16.75.Special 9x12 Brus3ell rugs only$12.75.These are certatinly bargains.A. F. WHEELER & CO.Treasurer of Water CampanyHere.Mr. L. H. Fuller, nf Boston, Moss.,Treasurer of the Paris Water Company, w as in the city Wednesday theguest of Manager Newton Mitchelland was inspecting the plant of thelocal company. Mr. Mitchell had outthe members of the fire departmenttesting the water pressure. The visitof Mr. Fuller was not of an officialnature he being enroute from Bostonto Texas where he will visit a son andwill later go to California. However,the question proposed recently by Mayor Hinton to add a number of feet torthe stand-pipe to increase the waterpressure, was laid before him. It isnot known what action the officials ofthe company will take in the matter,but the movement will be stronglyurged by the city officials.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfWanted.Canvassing agents at once for thesale of "Compendium of EverydayWants, "the book of general necessity,price $1.50; also for "The Devil'sBride;'' a wonderful religous allegory,price $1.00. Either outfit sent postpaid for ten cents. Fifty per centcommission to agents. Big sellers.AddressA. B. KUHLMAN, Publisher,octl 136 W. Lake St., Chicago, 111.Kentuckian Dies in Indiana.Mr. Claude Chinn, aged 65 years, agallant Confederate soldier who served during the war in the command ofGen. John H. Morgan, died Tuesday inIndianapolis, Ind., from an operationwhih was performed several fdays agoin the hope of saving his life. Heformerly lived in Lexington, fromwhich city he moved about six yearsago to Marion, Ind., where he engagedin the mercantile business. Duringthe war he was wounded in the rightleg, and the injury never entirely healed and the amputation of this memberwas the direct cause of his death.Licking Association Holds Session.The Licking Association of theParticular Baptist church, kDown bythe name of "Predestinarians," hasjust closed a three days' session atSadievillf, Scott county. The LickingAssociation comprises the churches ofScott, Fayette, Bourbon and Boonecounties and the sessions were wellattended.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, 0.,And ReturnVIASunday, Sept. 10, '11,Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7 :50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th. St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.HOG AND SHEEP SALE !BYA. P. ADAIR & SONS & CSAt Paris, Ky., Fair Grounds, CSeptember 19, 191 1, 1 2:3 O p.m.50 Pure Bred Duroc Hogs,. 50 Pure Bred Southdown Sheep.Write for Catalogue to A.m-sirCily Election Officers Named forPrimary.Paris, Ky., Sept. 12, 1911.At a called meeting of the City Democratic Committee, held on the abovedate, the hereinafter named were appointed election officers, to serve atthe City Primary, to be held on Friday;Sept. 22, 1911, in the city of Paris,,Ky.No. 1.Clerk, C. A. McMillan.Judge, H. O. James.TJ- -o m tt- i.. ' ?juue, ej. x. runton. . & -,Sheriff, C. D. Webb. -No. 2.Clerk, T. F. Roche.Judge, J. W. Earlywine. vJudge, Harry Lyons.Sheriff, G. N. McKinney.No. 3.Clerk, Reynolds Becraf t.Judge, J. H. Furhman.Judge, Wm. Hukill Jr.Shenrr, A. T. Kice. ,No. 4.Clerk, Gran Denton.Judge, C. J. Lancaster.Judge. John Maher.Sheriff, Thos. Craven.No. 5.3 f:iorlr T?iv HorrioJudge, Jack Woods.Judge, Thomas Woods.Sheriff, Thomas Cain.No. 6.Olerk, W. H. Ingels. . ,Judge, G. W. Judy.Judge, Ed. Slatery.Sheriff, John Dean.CITY DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE.J. WILL THOMAS,Chairman Protem.FRANK P. KISER,Secretary Protem-.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'SlGratz's Condition Improved.Howerton Gratz, who was injured inthe automobile accident which occurred near this city last week, is ira-1 proving steadily at the St. JosephHospital in Lexington. The mentalJ condition of the patient is clearing up.ilis physicians aie much concernedabout the internal injuries which hesustained. If no complications arisethe physicians think there is a chancefor his recovery.First-Class Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave inshort space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tf"Despondent Man Suicides.Despondent over a love affair afterhaving quarreled with his sweetheart,Mason Kincaid, a Clark county farmer, committed suicide by drinkingcarbolic acid near Sideview, Montgomery county. Kincaid was drivingalong a dirt road when he drank thepsison and fell from the buggy dead.CITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First Na-lional Bank.Stamps MooreCity Collector'iP. ADAIR, Pari Kekiic."Itt1DONT MISS THIS SALEVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 15 4911IMrI Kb BO0RB0S NEWS.-jffi?tJALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Residence Sold.Auctioneer Geo. D. Speakes soldWednesday at public auction the residence of Mrs. Mattie Hutchcraft onSouth Main street to Mr. T. J. Flora,of Myers Station for $4,800.The Fuzzy-Wuzzy.A new Velour hat for earlywear. Can be worn three ways.fallSeethem in cur windows. $3.50.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Citizens Beat Man Badly.Helena, Mason county, the citizensenraged over the actions of a negronamed Hedges, who wrote notes to aprominent white woman of that place,took che man out and beat him almostto death.Fine Box Gandies.We ar agents for Whitman's finebox candies. New shipment just in.15 2t VARDEN & SON.Farm Sold.Harris & Speakes, the real estatefirm, sold Tuesday for W. T. Clark,his farm on the Peacock pike, betterknown as the Vanhook farm, t containing 91 1-4 acres, to W. B. Snell, ofLexington.Is Your Boy Ready for School.Bring him here and let us fit one ofour nobby blue serges on him. Veryserviceable. $6 to $10.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Toney Suiiers Illness.Fred Toney, formerly a Blue GrasLeague picther, now with the Cubs, isthreatened with appendicitis and afteran exaimnation by a phyiscian it wasdiscovered his condition was seriousenough to make an operation probable.The Carpet Store.If you need a carpet or rug go to acarpet store for it. Our stock is complete, the prices low and the qualitythe highest.J. T. HINTON.Seed Wheat and Seed Rye.See us before buying your seedwheat, seed rye and timothy.5 4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Circus Didn't Come.Robinson's circus, scheduled to appear here Monday did not put in itsappearance as advertised as a result ofthe entire outfit passing into the handsof a freceiver at Morganfield. TheFederal Court will probably be askedto take a hand in the settlement ofthe suit and the disposition ef thelarge number of animals carried bythe circus.We write Fire and TornadoInsurance on Tobacco andBarns.McCLURE & CLENDENIN.E. T. Phone 119; Home 72.Piano Class.Mrs. A. H. Morehead will accept alimited number of pupils for the ensuing year. Mrs. Moorehead spenttwo and a half years abroad studyingpiano under the great masters and hashad fifteen years experience as ateacher. Apply Corner Twelfth andHigh streets or East Tennessee phone348.Fresh Today.We will have a nice lot of freshcaught fish today and tomorrow.Phone your order early.T. LENIHAN,Robneel Grocey.!Up-to Date Billiard Hall.Follow theliard Hall.crowds toMarin's Bil15 tfValuable Farm Sold.Mr. Charles E. Butler sold this weekto Mr. Clarence Wright his farmknown as the Ogden place. The farmlie3 between the Bethlehem and Clintonville pikes and is about one milefrom the city limits Prir-e private,but in neighborhood of $100 per acre.Mr. Wright, the purchaser, owns afarm on the Lexington pike, only ashort distance from the land he justpurchased. Mr. Wright has alreadyrefused a -tempting offer on his purchase. Fresh Today.Fresh weinerwurst just received, also the finest of hoser?dish to be had.Phone us your order today.15 tf JOHN SAUER.Now Ofl Sale.Lots of fall hats now on sale. Streethats, tailored hats and the swellestline of dress hats that we ever had arenow ready. Remember our opening isnot until October 5.15 St CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Julian Throckmortyn Paroled.Julian Throckmorton, convicted ofmanslaughter in the Bourbon CircuitCourt and sentenced to eight years inthe penilentiary, was on Tuesdaygranted a parole by the Prison Commission. Throckmorton had served Rixand one half years of his sentence andhis parole will go into effect on October 11. The crime for which he wasconvicted waa the shooting and killingof Audley Green in this city, aftera difficulty which arose over a trivialmatter. fFire Sile.Attendee Fire Sale nowfon at"?f-Jbennie WEISSBERGPERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Jennie K. Martin is visitingin Carlisle.Mr. Walter Clark is attending theState Fair this week.Mr. Thomas Whaley has returnedfrom a trip to Missouii.Miss Helen Hutchcraft will leavenext week to attend Welesley College.t Attorney Harry Berry, of Cynthia'na, was a visitor in Pari9 Wednesday.Mrs. Nettie Hibler and son, Edward, are visiting relatives in Cynthiana. Mrs. Robt. Ferguson, of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. J. H. Thompson. Mrs. Marcia McDonald left Wednesday for Indianapolis for a month'sstay.Miss Ellen Frances, of Mt. Vernon, is the guest of Miss RussellSprake.Mrs. Harry Mathers returnedyestreday fiom a visit to relatives inCarlisle.Miss Elizabeth Penn,of Cynthiana,is the guest of Mrs. Newt. Jouett inthis city.Misses Margaret Desha andMarian Moore will aettnd school inLexington.Editor J. H. Tilton, of the Carlisle Advocate, was a visitor in ParisWednesday.Mrs. Wm. R. McComer, of Brooklyn, N. Y., is the gueat of Mr. andMrs. W. T. Talbott.Mrs. Frank William?,ton, is the guest of theliams on Pleasant street.of LexingMisses Wil-Mr. and Mrs. William Willett,ofCarlisle, who have been visiting inParis, have returned home.Mr. John S Sweeney, of Chicago,arrived Tuesday for a visit to hismother, Mrs. Alice Sweeney.Mrs. Mary Dennis of NorthMiddletown, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. Sherman Stivers in Lexington.Mr. John Collins and son, Mr. William Collins, of North Middletown, areattending the State Fair in Louisville.Mr. James Clay Ward left Tuesdaymorning for Lyndon, Ky., where hewill enter the Kentucy Military Institute. Mr. Elbridge Snapp returned Wednesday after spending a few days inLinisville where he attened the StateFair.Mr. Walter Hedges has movedfrom Pleasant street to one of Mrs.Duke Bowles' cottages on Secondstreet.Mr. James Meng has returned tohis home in North Middletown, after avisit tD Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Barnes, inLexington.Mr. A. N. Estes, of .Frankfort,Superintendent of the National LifeInsurance Company, was a visitor inthe city yesterday.Mrs. Swift Champ and daughter,Miss Frances Champ, returned Wednesday after a three weeks' stay atVirginia Beach, Va.Messrs. Ewd. Fithian, GideonTucker and Charles Kenney left yesterday for Millersburg where they willenter M. M. I.Mr. Solomon Vanmeter, who hasbeen the guest of Mr. Reuben Hutchcraft in tb:s city, has returned to hishome in Lexington.Misses Frances and Mary 'MitchellClay will leave this week to enterWard Seminary at Nashville, Tenn.,for the coming term.Misses Rebecca and Tillie Jayneshave returned to their home in thiscity after spending the summer withrelatives inLexington.Mrs. John Tracy has returned toher home in Winchester. She is improving after a severe illness whichshe suffered while in this city.Miss Josephine Hayden left Sunday to enter upon her duties as a member of the faculty in an institution forthe deaf and dumb near Atlanta, Ga.Mrs. Elizabeth Rogers, of thiscity, is in Winchester, where she isacting as official reporter at the present trem of the Clark Circuit" Court.The following ' will attend Margaret College at Versailles; MissesMaragret Ferguson, Ellen Towles,Annie Embry, Mildred Lisle and MarieTalbott.Chas Stephens Spears, son of Mr.and Mrs. Woodford Spears, has returned from a Lexintgon hospital after aprotracted illness with appendicitis,fully restored to health.Mr. Durand Whipple returnedWednesday to his home in Little Rock,Ark. Mrs. Whipple will remain withher parents, Hon. and Mrs. E. M.Dickson, for several weeks.Mr. Lewis Mitchell and Mr. McVeyHoward left Tuesday for Berea, wherethey will enter tJerea College, the former to attend the Agricultural department and the latter to learn carpentry.Dr. B. M. Sbive, pastor of thePresbyterian church of this city, isattending the mseting of the Presbytery at Crittenden. He wss accompanied by Rev. Henry Scudder, of-Carlisle.Misses Nellie Crutcher and Augusta Rogers left Tuesday to resume theirini iii -ii ii :.:n-course ai vjuiwueu ouiiegt:, uauv muz.Misses Fannie Ingles and Nell Wharcyalso left for the same institution i-sinstructors, the latter going as a sujistitute to Miss Nellie Fithian, who cisrecuperating from an operation forappendicitis. xMrs. F. P. Lowry entertained witha n aftarnoon tea Wednesday at herheme on Duncan avenue in honor jofher guest, iher sister, Mrs. Bull, ofMiami, Fla., who has been spendingthe summer in Kentucky, but whowill soon leave for her Southern home.The reception hall and parlor weredecorated in yellow while the diningroom was beautiful in its decorationsof red and elegant table appointments.Wafers and tea were eered theguests.Mrs. Biuce Adair is visiting Mrs.Lee H. Mitchell in London.Mrs. Elliott Ford and little son arevisiting Miss Jessie Harp in Lexington. Miss Louie Bruer has returnedhome after a visit to relatives inMxaysville.Mr. and Mrs. C. J. McLear havereturned frcm an extended visit inBristol, Tenn. ,Hon. 8. F. Graizian and wife ofCoving on, are the guests of Mr. andMrs. P. Nippert.Rev. H. A. M. Henderson, formerly of Paris, is seriously ill in a hospital in Cincinnati.Mrs. Mary Walker left Wednesdayfor Louisville, where she will visitrelatives and attend the State Fair.Mrs. William Hall, of Staunton,Va., who has been vsiiting the familyof Mr. H. C. Whaiey is the guest ofMrs. Hoffman Wood, in Mt. Sterling,before returning to her home.First Game Today.The first game uf the post seasonseries between Pans and Lexingtonwill be played at White Park tnisafternoon and on tomorrow the secondgame will be played on the local lot.The local team will go to LexingtonSunday for a game with the Colts.McKernan and several members of theteam who have been in Cincinnatisince the close of the championshipseason will return to Paris today toparticipate in the opening tilt with theYancey crew. That the Paris aggregation will put forth the same strengththat won for them the Blue GrassLeague Championship, while the Coltswill have their regular lineup. Therewill be eleven games hi the series andthe proceeds will be divided 75 percent to the winner and 25 per, cnt tothe loser, and after being thus dividedthe receipts will be divied among theplayers of the teams. Let evtryonepatronize the games and make a bigpurse for the home boys as it is almost a certainty they will drub theColts in this series.We Sell Good Clothes.For the money. Not becausethink so or say so, but becausecluthes customers know so out ofperience. New Fall suits S12.50weourex-toS35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Children's School Shoes.All school children are hard onshoes. Buy a pair from us nnd see ifthey don't last lunger than the onesyou bought of the other fellow. Wehave a full line to select from,tf GEO. McWILLIAMS,The Shoe Man.New Trimmer.We have been fortunate this year inobtaining the services of Miss BlanchePlummer, one of the best trimmers inthe business. Miss Plummer is athorough graduate of the art and hashad thorough training. If the ladiesof this section want something swellthis fall thev should wait for our falldisplay on October 5th.15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.DEATHS.Mrs. Abbie Fuller, of Christiancounty, is dead at her home near Kelly.She is probably the oldest woman inKentucky and at least had reached the110th mile stone while relatives claimshe was 117 yers of age. Asthma wasthe cause of her death. Her parents,who were the first settlers in Christiancounty, were natives of North Carolina.We Save You Money.Wall paper bargains all during themonth of September. Come see foryourself. We save you money.J. T. HINTON.$5. Reward.A reward of $& will be paid for thereturn of the Ranger Bicycle taken atthe fair grounds Saturday night and noquestions will be asked.12 3t JACK WOODS.FOR SALE.5 A few selected yearling SoutdonbucksJAS. H. THOMPSON,15 3t Route 8, Paris, Ky.Public SaleI will offer for sale as administratorof Rachel J. Chanslor, deceased, at1 O'clock p. m., Sept. 30, '1 1the following property:1 bay horse about 11 years old.Good work mare, 9 years old.1 yearling mule.2 long yearling steers.1 milch cow.4 brood sows.12 gilts.69 head of shoats.The hogs are all thoroughbred DurocJerseys.Lot of household furniture.J. C. JEFFERSON,Administrator.WANTED.I wantoffice.an office boy. Call at myDR. W. C. USSERY.FOR RENT.Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Good stable onpremises. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.29 tf E. T. Phone 591.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker goodasnew.SAMUEL CLAY.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issued toMr H. P. Boozer and Miss Lena Wil-brug, both of this county Friday morning, and they were united in marriageby Judge Denis Dundon in his office inthe courthouse.County Clerk Pearce Paton enTuesday issued a marriage license toMr. Ernest E. Reed and Miss Ida MaeCoy. both of this county.The couple were united in marriageat the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Geo.W. -Blythe, near Monterey, ElderCarey E. Morgan officiating.Mr. Orein S. Stoner and MissAlice Breidenbac, of Cincinnati, wereunited in marriage Tuesday afternoonat the Presbyterian manse the Rev. O.B. Crcckett, of the Methodist churchofficiating in the absence of Rev. Dr.B. M. Shive.Stay at homeand go to the theatreSounds funny, doesn't it?Yet that's exactly what youcan do when you own aVictor stay at home andenjoy the finest kind of a performance. The greatestsingers, musicians and comedians in the world are atyour command, and youcan arrange a program tosuit yourself.Stop in today and get a Victor foryour home. Any style Victor ($10 to$100) or Victor-Victrola ($75 to $250)you prefer on easy monthly payments.The cost of a few theatre tickets amonth will pay for the permanentenjoyment of the Victor.Daugherty 'Bros.WW m 1(IISmi I HAVE SOMEVERY SPECIAL7 TO OFFER YOU ONl Come in and Get Them.M lll.l MIIMMIMMI IIIIHl'l IT-11IT l "- -. " - ' P JJJ..MMTMMm MWonderfulReductions inI will sell you LAWN andbeen able to buy itA few HAMMOCKS1J. T.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating. .TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hiiftorvresidence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone, 286.4IDROP INTake aNew Fall GoodsBeautiful New Silks and Trimmings,Latest Novelties inDRESS GOODSImported ideas in Neckwear and all DressAccessories.W. Ed TuckerWE ARE READY FOR YOUijIFee's CashFor ThisTin Cans..Mason Quart JarsMason 1-2 gallon JarsI::8 Bars LenoxSoapIDundee brand Evaporated Milk, thebest packed, 3 cans for.Matches, 3 boxes of the bestSafety MatchesFEE'SLWALL PAPEB.PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.ECI3STT03STiLook at OurJIry IJjTCUdfe.Week.35c doz.:..: 50c doz.75c doz.I:I10cIPRICESCarpets,25c25ci' stI28 tfR. P. D. No.3. r"tlit tTi. iJTtffi.' BOURBpN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 15, 1911.iCLli1X,i;$ISMiIF YOU HAVE A SICKLYYOUNGSTER TRY THIS FREEThe 'family with young childrenthat is without sickness in the housenow and then is rare, and so it is important that the head of the houseshould know what to do in the littleemergencies that arise. A child witha. serious ailment needs a doctor, it istrue, but in the majority of instances,as any doctor knows, the child suffersfrom some intestinal trouble, usuallyconstipation.There is no sense in giving it a pillor a remedy containing an opiate, noris flushing of the bowels to be alwaysrecommended. Rather give it a smalldose of a mild, gentle laxative toniclike Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which, by cleaning out the bowels andstrengthening the little stomach muscles, will immediately correct the trouble. This is not alone our opinion butthat of Mrs. N. H. Mead of Freeport,Kan., whose granddaughter has beentaking it successfully and of Mrs. J.R. Whiting of Lena, Wis., who givesit to her children and takes it herself.It is sold in fifty cent and one dollarbottles at every drug store, but if vouwant to test it in your family beforeyou buy it send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will forward a trialbottle free of charge.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Monticello,111.MRS. SLAPDASH ERRED"MACHINE" MEANT NOTHINGBUT AUTOMOBILE TO HER.So She Has Her Say Before Mrs.Mousegray Can Explain It Is aSewing Machine.TWIN BROS.,Clothing Departmentpatterns JnBros, andWe are showing the new FallAlfred Benjamin's, SchlossMassell Brand Clothing.There three represent the finest to be had inReady-Made Clothing.Prices Range from $10 to $25We are showing at $15 a classy range of the newBrown Suits that are gceat values.We are sole agents for French's Men's finebench-made Shoes 4 and $5; W. L. DouglasShoes $2, $2.50 3, 3.50,Hawes yan Gal finest $5 Hat made.Full line of Stetson Hats $4 and $5.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and TravelingBags at lowest prices.I International1 TwinBro&mmmmLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Uo.34134297104037312332A25913838539308321431'So.3442974010137373313362625Trains jk.rrrsreFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 21 anf!Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 7.85 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . 8.12 amCincinnati, U., DBUy ,. .....v.ou amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 amLexington, Ky Daily 10.02 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.18 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday . 5.40 pmLexington, Ky. , Daily 6 12 DmLou;sville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 17 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.35 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:45 pmTrains IDe-peirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.43 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 airMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 arcJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.23 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.21 amMaysville, K., Daily 11.5a amCynthiana, Ky., Daity Except Sunday 11.54 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pm38 Cincinnati. O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday t 5.4H pm39 Lexington, Ky. . Daily Except Sunday .' . 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily ."..... ?." 6.22 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday- '. 6.25 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.53 pm13 Atlanta, Ga. , Daily 10. 5 pm"My machine," began the meek little lady."Oh, yes, your machine," broke inMrs. Slapdash hurriedly. "Are youhaving trouble with it? Now, really,that's too bad! We have a machinethat never gives us the slightestcause for worry. Why, Mrs. Mouse-gray, we drove out to Osprey lastweek 80 miles and return and wedid not find it necessary to make asingle repair, either on the road orafter we reached home. Mr. Gogglesby our neighbor, you know saysthat it is a truly wonderful performance. But, then, you understand, wehave one of the new 1912 model Hur-ry-ups.""But my machine," began Mrs.Mousegray again."Yes, yes, I know!" went on Mrs.Slapdash breezily. "You really shouldhave taken expert advice before buying. Of course, you not having livedhere very long, I don't know all ofthe circumstances; but I am certainthat you would have found it to youradvantage. When I say expert advice,I do not mean the advice of thosehorrid, Insistent salesmen; they, ofcourse, desire only to advertise themerits of their own machines. Butthere are plenty of owner-driverslike Mr. Slapdash or myself whowould cheerfully have given you thebenefit of their experience.""I ought to tell you," broke in themeek little lady "I ought to tell youthat when I spoke of my machine Idid not mean "."I know you didn't mean to say thatit is any better than other machines,my dear. I did not suppose that youintended any vulgar boasting. WeMr. Slapdash and myself have beenthrough just what you are undergoingnow, and I assure you that we wouldhave appreciated a little valuable advice at the right moment.. That, ofcourse, explains my interest in yourtrouble. We tried a dozen differentmakes, and finally chose the 1912'Hurryup' because it runs easily ""But, Mrs. Slapdash," "interposedMrs. Mousegray, "my machine runs aseasily, as I could wish; and I thinkyouttnlstake my meaning because mymachine is "'Now, Mrs. Mouacgtay, please donot believe that I am trying to belittleyour machine. I wouldn't do It for theworld! 1 only thought that perhapsyou intended purchasing a new machinevand Mr. Slapdash and I I hopeyou are not offended!""O, not at all!" deprecated Mrs.Mousegray. "But please let me explain. The shuttle on my machine doesnot work properly, and I only wantedto ask you if you could tell me whereI can get a man to fix it.""The shuttle? The shuttle? WhatJ make is your machine?." questioned"That's what I wanted to tell you,"replied Mrs. Mousegray. "It's a ball'bearing, lock-stitch sewing machine."Judge.Eels for the Irish.When so many hard things are being said about the house of lords itshould be kept in mind that they havejust affirmed the claim of certain Irishmen to the exclusive right to fish foreels in Lough Neagh for a period offive thousand years from July 1, 1905.It is an affirmation that raises an inquiry as to whether or not the peopleof Ireland eat eels. Scots even London Scots never touch them, and aScotch angler, catching an eel, promptly throws it away. Eels used to beassociated with snakes, "and just. asmen of every race entertain an instinctive horror for snakes," writesSir Herbert Maxwell, "so there remain traces of the same feeling abouteels.5'It seems somewhat unkind of SirHerbert to state that most civilizedraces have overcome this long ago,and then to add that there existsamong the Scots a strong and universal prejudice against eels. LondonChronicle.v5 -.V' ENGINES ;--All Types of Eu silage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.But She Bagged One.Mr. Binks (after an absence) "Andso you shot a burglar while here andunprotected. You are a brave littlewoman. What became of him?" MrsBinks "The other burglar carriedhim off" Mr. Binks "Which otherburglar?" Mrs BInKs "The one Iaimed at." Puck.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should 'learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.TWIN BROS.Department Store This WeeksAprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15 c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.TWIN BROSWas the Culprit Himself.A tall, urbane man, with a blackmustache, "was a guest at a fashionable dinner in New York not long ago,when the lady on his right, aftermentioning that she had just returnedfrom a trip to Europe, proceeded to"roast" William Loeb Jr., the collector of customs for the city. Shepanned that official to a rich, darkbrown, and did it in suoh a wittymanner that the tall, urbane gentleman laughed uproariously. "I thinkthe appropriate death for him," shesaid, "would be choking with Irishlace and I'd like to contribute someof the lace for the purpose." Afterdinner she asked her hostess: "What1 P ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 9.53 am I was the name of the hlack-mustached3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.55 am j man on my left, dear? JEJe talked sointelligently about the custom house."I should think he would," replied thehostess. "That was Loeb himself!"Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains .A.rrrv"e2sTo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 3 40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.0 L pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.0U pmTrains DepartJo TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday .-. 7.43 amBloodln Loosens the phlegmCoufh immediately and per-Chokr manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whoopinr Cough and all Throat and LungAuctions. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and IL00 a bottle.-J Mrs.HftrrtctteWeUsAIIeafGcffBry.S.C.says:X lii) BreacWtSs for about tweaty years aa4j wT5tKtg mat nasoofleaewica good.W. T. Brooki, Agent.Hardly a Compliment.A vicar was taken ill and bischurch warden sought a substitutewhen the bishop of the diocese offeredto take the Sunday services himselfThe church warden at the close of theservice went up to the bishop andafter thanking him stammered out: "Apoorer preacher would have done forus, your lordship, but we were unableto find one."Had He Kept Count?Ethel All is over between us. Hereare your presents. A gold locket andchain, a diamond ring, and a pear!necklace.Herbert There 'are some otherthings I gave you, I Insist upon beingreturned!, Ethel-j-What are they? x 'HerbertV .Seven- thousand, threehundred and fifty-one kisses.tITIllllCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches 7o general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmtH andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per, largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Two Big Stores in OneParis, KentuckyjCor. 7th and Mainl WPatlloi' nrmrliirtno vP mm-mr i:.i. a 1 a t t-.-. --.-.-.-... , IIt's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand thef iT jZ j a if .muaw' -n-maigamaiea aku JKUUiOJNlxwill not dnp under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.! it s made by our secret Drocess and is unfvprsnliv animmxriaArrnA i,.S??nSrwpNLJ bsi)lut perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCKUUMNCj is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC HOOFING should fail to satisfy.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, IIlTParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.tOne LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSsRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sizeGeo. Mt'Willams,No more tickets given on raffle until further noticeKMTHE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS, - KENTUC Y' SEPT. 15,. 1911.Gave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles," writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, from Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faint.I could not walk at all, and Iside ; also a headache and a backache.I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so, I began, and the Srst bottlehelped mc. By the time the third bottle was used, I coulddo all my work. All the people around here said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me."QTAKE fhaiRDU I Woman's TonicFor more than 50 years, Cardui has been relievingwoman's sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time, thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surprising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women.Cardui strengthens, builds, restoresand relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles.If you are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Term.,for Special Instructions, and 64-paee book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 49DR.DOLLE'SIMQTITIITC Whero MEN are CURED.InOlllUIC LET ME CURE YOU!FINEST EQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN IN THEUNITED STATES-- NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAYFAMOUS FOB 20 TEARS.Difficult Surgical Operations performedvrith skill and success 'when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST CURESOf any Specialist. That Stay Cored,TOUKG MEN A3T0 ALI, MEJf, COME.DII E Q MSRMA3TENT CUBE, -withoutssmfcaiW tne KnifeOne treatment cures.VARICOCELENO SKU'E. Cared laOne Treatment.DIIDnrilDC Stricter, Etc. CoredI W r 1 W FV E y by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases; Skin Diseases,Eczema. Bolls, Ulcers, Sore, Diseasesor the Kidneys, Bladder and Prostatejland, Rheumatism, Xerrous Troubles.UVnDflPEri C Cured In One Visit, NoniUIUJbfaLE. knife. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the "DollePlan" of aot one dollar. to be jpald unlesscared. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 pace Book Free, -which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Fonr Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that 1 can write- you just-what is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOODPOISONCured by Ihc Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT PREfcl.If you have ulcers, 'eating sores, jitching: humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, off eiibive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (KotanicBlood balm.) All syinpthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing tue entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Desciibe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by V. rden & Son.WALTER,1S5SNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every graincrowing country under theSun it is said to be tho beetyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare : lightness of draft;handiness of operation:MADEdurability of construction: ability to do perfect work in any kindAof cram; accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, andnow give it itsno st successfulone a finder thatJYerkes &had an awful hurting in my jIIPCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with ft. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.AnnouncementI have locatpd in Paris for the -purposeofconducting a generalContractingand' Building Business.I have been a buildar for the pasttwenty years, and can handle' yourbuildings, large or small. I will bei glad to furnish you estimates on shortj notice. The best of references fur-.nished. Call on me at FordhamI Hotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTinn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERJl nnk LattqhorttManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669Notice Posted.All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.29 6t Hume and Bedford Pike.WOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work,. longer lifeand reduced repair billsBYwith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on wnicnbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Ttf BmatYmi"a-WPritchard.White is HehHo be "Not .Guilty;'The jury in the cise of Ansa White,mt r M.zrjr'of Breathitt county, on trial in theMontgomery Circuit Court last weekfor the murder of Jason Deaton nearJackson several months ago returned averdict of not guihy late Saturdaynight.'I The testimony in the case, which began Tuesday, was concluded Saturdayafternoon when the arguments werebegun. Hon. A. Floyd Byrd, of Lex-, ington, closed the arguments for thedefense.Deaton, in connection with theDavison brothers and Hacker Combs,are indicted in' the Breathitt courtcharged with the murder of John Abner in Jackson. On a change of venuethe case was tried in the Bourbon Circuit Court last November, with Special, Judge Halbert sitting, resulting in theacquittal or the accused.On that occasion, Byrd, who defended White for the murder of Deaton,assisted Attorney R. B. Franklin inthe prosecution. 'The case on trial at Mt. Sterling excited considerable attention on accountof the parties concerned being connected with the Breathitt feuds. Morethan a hundred witnesses were summoned in the case.A Pennsylvanian's Will.One cf the most laconic documentsever recorded in the Frankin countycourt house was the will of JosephBrown, late of Upper Strasburg. Hewrote the will himself and leaves everything "to his wife and the remainder to his children, providing anythingis left" Chambersburg correspondence Philadelphia North American.A Fieroe Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of achild, suddenly attacked by croup.Often it aroused Lewis Chamblin, ofManchester, O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they would die, but since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for croup and forcoughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others.So may you. Asthma, Hay Fevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly before it. 50c and $1.00Trial bottlefree. Sold bv Oberdorfer.Judgment by Deduction.Widow I want a stone for my husband's grave exactly like the otherone in the lot Agent But isn't it atrifle small for a man of your husband's prominence? Widow No, sir!If Thomas thought a stone like thatwas good enough for his first wife, 1guess it's plenty good enough forThomas." Life.Kills a Murderer.A merciless murderer is Appendicitis with many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Pills kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constip tion, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.Criticism of Absent Cowardly.Don't criticise the absent Make ita point when any man is under discussion to say something nice abouthim or to keep still. There's alwayssomething mean and cowardly in acriticism made upon an absent personYou fall at once in the estimation ofright-minded people who hear youThey may think you small, and possibly may set you down as a cad.A fmir TTA4M an flmretmachines were hardlythought of, nor wasScott's Emulsioninsummer. Now Scott'sEnmlsion is as much a summer as a winter remedy.Science did it. All Drueits"I Told You So.""What pleasure do you derive frombeing a pessimist?" "A great deal,"j replied Mr. Growcher. "When theworst happens I at least have the satisfaction of posing as a prophet"Men Are Easier."Mamma, is that lady the snakecharmer? Why, she's as homely as amud fence I" "Yes, iear. but snakesare not like mer It takes somethingmore than mere personal beauty tocharm a snake." Chicago Tribune.WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a tilp tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried it, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. W assure you of instant relief.G.S. Vardtnl& Sen.m EmFj!xIGiiStatement-of Principles Upon Which the Party Bases its.' Position Upon Matters of Public Policy.iSection 1. 'We, the Democrats of Kentucky, in delegate convention- dulyasembled and held in the city of Louisville, Kentucky, on August 15, 1911, donereby pledge anew our faith in and devotion to the time honored and eternalprinciples of our party first promulgated in the Declaration of Independenceana since reaffirmed in successive platforms of the party, and we especiallyreaffirm our faith in and devotion to the National Democratic platform adoptedat Denver, Colorado, in the year 1998.Sec. 2. We denounce the Republican party and the present Republicanpresident, for their flagrant and willful betrayal of the trust reposed in themni?, an Pe0Dle and cal1 attention especially to the fact that they havewillfully disregarded their pre-election promises to the effect that they wouldrevise downward the unjust tariff system and would relieve the masses of thepeople of the heavy burdens of unjust and unnecessary taxation.On the contrary the Republicans enacted the odious Payne-Aldrich tarifflaw of 1909, pronounced by Mr. Taft to be "the best Republican tariff law everpassed," which law was a gross breach of the Republican President and hispolitical party. This tariff law, in order to enrich the few, increased the burdens of the many, and authorized those favored few not only to continue, butto increase, their robbery of the many under the forms of law.Sec. 3. We point with pride to, and heartily indorse the patriotic recordmade by the present Democratic members of Congress and Democratic Senators, in their efforts over determined Republican opposition to, in good faith,redeem the promises of the Democratic party to repeal unjust and oppressiveRepublican laws, and to enact wise and just laws for the benefit of thegreatmasses of the people, and we invite all to contrast the aims and record of theDemocrats in the house and senate of the present session of congress with theaims and record of the Republicans and especially with the Republican session of 1909 which enacted the Payne-Aldrich tariff law.We especially Indorse the record of our Democratic congressmen and senator from Kentucky for their fidelity in keeping the promises of their parvtyand representing the people and not the interests, and we denounce the recordof the Republican congressmen and senator from Kentucky, because they haverepresented not the people, nor have they sought to relieve their burdens, buthave represented the privileged, protected interests of the country.Sec. 4. Kentucky is, and of right ought to be, a Democratic state, and theDemocratic party in appealing for the support of the electorate of th3 stateeagerly invites an intelligent comparison of the records it has made with thosemade byits political adversary during the temporary occasions it has controlled the affairs of the state. ,As against the Republican record in Kentucky of assassination, bloodshedand disregard of law, we present the Democratic picture of peace, scrupulousregard for human life and a strict observance of, and respect for law; asagainst an empty treasury and rejection and shaving of honest demandsagainst the state, we present a picture of a magnificent state capitol erectedand paid for without any extra tax, and every just claim against the statepromptly met and paid in full; as agr.mst platform ple'ges and promises broken and made to be broken, we present a record of all pledges and promisesfaithfully kept; as against hypocrisy, demagogy and incompetency we presenta record of sincerity, fidelity, competency and statesmanship.We charge the Republican party both in the state and in the nation withgross extravagance and willful waste in the expenditure of the people's money,and we pledge ourselves to retrenchment and reform, and to an economicalbusiness administration of public affairs.Sec. 5. We are in favor of a direct primary election law, providing thatall primary elections shall be conducted under lawful authority and at publicexpense, and to be regulated in the same manner and subject to the samepenalties for violations, as in case of regular elections.Sec. 6. We favor the enactment of an explicit and effective corrupt practice act, which shall determine what campaign expenses shall be legitimate,and which shall provide for the compulsory publication in detail, under heavypenalties, of the campaign expenses of every candidate for public office.Sec. 7. We favor the enacting of such additional laws as will make ourentire common school system more efficient and more practical.We pledge our support to our school system and the educational institutions of the state, wisely and economically administered. Money appropriatedfor the education of the people is an investment and not an expense; schooltrustees, school boards and all school officials should be held rigidjy responsible for adequate returns on every dollar so invested. We charge the Reputflican party with neglect of and indifference toward our school system.Recognizing that a large majority of the teachers of our common schoolsare women and that women are now eligible to be elected school trustees,county school superintendent, and to hold office, and are frequently so elected,we favor the extension to women of suffrage in all school elections, subject tosuch wise regulations as to qualifications as the general assembly may determine. Sec. 8. We favor such laws as will, under appropriate penalties, destroyall corrupt lobbying seeking to influence any legislative body in the Commonwealth on the subject of legislation or the election of officers by it, or in anyother matter; but we recognize the constitutional right of the people to petition and to be impartially heard on all questions.Sec. 9. We favor, under wise and proper restrictions, the creation of aState Utilities Commission, having ample powers to discharge its duties.Sec. 10. We favor a change in the present method of selecting the prisoncommissioners of the state, and the removal of all politics from the management of penal institutions. While commending the present board of prisoncommissioners for its successful" management of the institutions under its care,we recognize that the system of election by the legislature, under which theyare elected, is unwise, and we therefore favor such a change as will place theirappointments in the hands of the governor, subject to confirmation by the senate, or some other method such as the general assembly may provide.Sec. 11. We favor a law requiring that a uniform system of accountingbe installed and conducted in all public offices charged with the collection anddisbursement of public moneys.Sec. 12. We favor the general assembly submitting to a vote of the peoplewhether or not they desire to adopt an amendment of our State Constitutionbroadening the powers of the general assembly, so that it may classify property for the purposes of taxation; but we are opposed to any law the effect ofwhich would be to lighten the burdens of taxation on the wealthy and on corporations at the expense of the poor, the farmer or the laboring man.Sec. 13. Temperance is essentially a moral, non-political and social question, and should not be made a partisan issue between political parties.We favor the extension of the present local option law, as applied to thesale of liquors, which has been upheld by cur highest court as valid and constitutional, so that the citizens of each and every county in the state may determine for themselves whether spiritous, vinous or malt liquors may be soldtherein.Sec. 14. We favor organization and co-operation among the farmers andlaborers of the state, and the enactment of such constitutional laws as willprotect them from the greed and oppression of the trusts and monopolies ofthe country, which are the direct fault of Republic." n legislation.Sec. 15. We favor such wise and ( onservative laws as will encourage roadan$ bridge building in Kentucky, and we favor reasonable state aid for theconstruction of roads and bridges, but only on condition that each county orlocal community, which is primarily benefited snail first do its part and discharge its duty to itself in this regard.Sec. 16. We favor the creation, remoyed from politics, of a department ofbanking, providing for competent inspection of all our state financial institutions, and similar to the system now existing for national banks. ,Sec. 17. We favor the enactment of such wise laws as will put into effectall sections and provisions of the State Constitution, and we declare that weare in favor of the enforcement of all laws.Sec. 18. We favor the enactment of wise laws for the protection from accident and injury of all laborers engaged in hazardous employments, -and wefavor a wise, conservative law regulating the arbitration of labor strikes anddisputes.Sec. 19. We favor a law prohibiting peonage and female slave traffic, regardless of color.Sec. 20. We are opposed to all mobs and lynchings and are in favor ofimposing the severest penalty possible, under our Constitution, on all officerswho fail to protect prisoners intrusted to their keeping.Sec. 21. The Democratic party has always been the party of religious, aswell as ciyil liberty, in Kentucky and in the republic. It refers with pride toits noble and consistent record on this important question, so "dear to everytrue American heart." We are in full accord, both in letter and in spirit, withthe teachings of Thomas Jefferson, the founder of our party, on this question,and with the provisions of our State and Federal Constitutions, and we areunalterably opposed to raising any religious te&t as a qualification for holdingany office in the state or nation. .Sec. 22. We favor the nomination and election of United States senatorsby direct vote of the people.Sec. 23. We denounce and are opposed to Cannonism or one-man powerin all representative assemblies, whether it be in the congress or in representative conventions. We favor the "rule of the people."Sec. 24. On the platform of principles and on the aims and purposes ofour party in the state and in the nation, we appeal to all Kentuckians, irrespective of previous political affiliations, who are proud of the past and desirea still more prosperous, more progressive present and future, for all our people, to support our magnificent state ticket, including our nominee for theUnited States senatorship, and our nominees for general assembly and forother offices. fSec. 25. In conclusion we call the attention of Kentuckians to the factthat Democratic principles are triumphant in the nation and in almost everystate, and that the Republican party everywhere is professing to adopt Democratic principles in its platforms, but we warn them that the Republicans ofthis state have placed in their platform some progressive Democratic doctrines, not with a view to carry them out or to attempt to carry them out ingood faith, in the improbable event of their success at the polls next November, but only for the present purpose of catching votes and deceiving the people,' so that they might get the offices and emoluments therebf. The brokenpromises of the present Republican state and national administrations as wellas the entire history of the Republican party, are sufficient to convince all fairminded citizens of insincerity of the'Republican party, and that it is not theparty of the people; while, on the other hand, the record and history of theDemocraticparty in the nation and the state conclusively establish Its devotion to duty and its purpose in good faith to redeem all platform pledges madeto the people. " 'I l"fllT l"l"lt wrli iri l rHrl'wSSSBKJBIILOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea, ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.4Mrs. Cornc Watson Baird.,... ...... 71margoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margoien,LParis, Ky.jWHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that w are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,.as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing itch.JBecause D. D. D. starts the cure atthe 'foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearof complete cures of thousands of thmost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, Just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.How's This.IWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable in.all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodard mucus surfaces bf the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constupation. Emerson's Advice to Writers.If you learn to write, 'tis in thestreet you must learn. You must frequent the public square. There youmust defend your every view and attitude. The people and not the college is the writer's home. Keep Intouch with your fellow man- Emerson. Has Millions of Friends.Hew would you like to number yourfrier ds by the millions as Bfccklin's.,Arnica Salve 'does? Its astoundingcures in the pat forty years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczesaa, burns,bcils. scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyes,,sprains, swellings, bruises, cold sore.Has no equal forjjpiles. 25c at Ofeerr oner's.if?jMi 3r-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 15, 1911.SBTHE BIGIHIk ML. H HHHMHIS N EARING THE ENDt rNever again will you have such an opportunityto buy new Fall goods at prices less than cost ofraw material. All Men's Suits, new Fall, 1911,models, at about one-half the regular price.Buy now and save money.' :,piBennie WeissbergThe Home of Better Clothes, 426 Main Street, Paris, Kentucky.FINAL CUT ON ALLSummer FBeginning This Week&ALLWalk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.iCmeRye as a Cover Crop.Cover crops should he grown inKentucy much more than they are.No matter in what section of theState one may travel, he may see during the winter, many corn and tobaccofields liyng bare, lhe writer has seenmany such fields in the most fertilesections of the State as well as in thepoorest. To leave cultivated fields inthis condition mean9 great loss. Thefields wash, some very badly, all ofthem some unless they are aosolutelylevel. The cultivation of the previousseasun has developed available plantfood that the crop did not use. Muchof this may be lost by leaching. Acover crop will bind the soil and prevent washing. It will use up the available plant food left by the precedingcrop. This will be returned to the soilwhether the over crop is turned underor pastured. The roots of the covercrop greatly improve the physicialcondition of the soil, especially i3 thibtrue of rye. Fields of poor tilth artsometimes jmt in good condition ojone rye cover crop.Rye is the best non-leguminous cropin Kentucy. The seed is cheap, liwill grow on,-a wide variety of soils.It may be sown as early as Septembei1 or as late as November . It willmake a better growth on winter soil.Orders Inquiry intoSelling.VoteIn his charge to the Franklin countygrand juiy at the beginning of theSeptember term of the Circuit CourtMonday Juge Robert L. Stout dwelt atsome length on vote selling.and directed an investigation to ascertain if trepractice is indulged to any extent inthat community. He referred to theuiauuBuub ama severaj months since'n Adams county, O., and said thatwriie he had no information of sucnviolation of law in Franklin county,yet it would be well for every community to look into its affairs, thatthe bad custum of trafficking in voteswould not become general.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Council men from their respective WardsV;eCtr thx? action of the Dem0:cratic City Primarv pnmhaM oo., "-viMW .,1911Big Wheat Deal.Mr. H. C. Bright, of Lexington,who has been in Danville for severalweeks purchasing wheat last weekclosed a deal for several crops amounting in the aggregate to 10,000 bushels,for which he paid 90 cents per bushel.Me bought the crops of several prominent Boyle farmers. This is the highest price that has been paid for wheatthis season.FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks.C. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton.C. E. Butler.J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.Insure with W. O. Hinton.than anv other winter cover p.rnn. vet. -it responds to the use of fertilizers j rTOmpt payingcompanies.WeekLadies White Canvas Button Shoes,high Cuban heel, plain toe, short$3.00 value. While they last$2-19vamps.SpecialLadies' latest style two-strap VelvetPumps. Very comfortable for thishot weather.Special Si .89and manures. When 4 to 6 inches highit is a most excellent pasture for pigs,while in its later ?tai?es it is a wnlpr-did pasture for all animals. The remnants may oe turned under in time toprepare th ground for the next crop.The Experimental Station makes apractice of sowing rye in the cornground. This is pastured and theground then prepared for cowpeas i rsoy beans, which are planted aboutJune first. This crop comes on in timeto give the ground good preparation ,ior wneac. uiover iojiows wneac. usetwo bushels of rye per acre, and put itin well.The cover crop not only preventswashing, saves fertility, and providespasture, out it adds humus to the soil.Try rye as a cover crop if you havenot done so,non - uniontfNOTICE"All accounts due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 tf YERKES & KENNEY.FIRST WARD.L. Wollstein.SECOND WARDDr. Wm. Kenney.D. C. Parrish.William Ardery.THIRD WARD.John McCarthy.fh-"To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.!Come to Us for Your Footwear We Save You MoneyDAN COHENParis, Kentucky.336 Main StreetAt The Big Electric Sign.; wi IHigh Bridge is Open for Traffic.The new High Bridge was testedMonday morning in the presence of anumber of prominent official of the Q.& C. railway and was found to be inperfect condition for the traffic of theroad and will be used rejulariy by allthe trains hereafter.For September.fnmfl in and fxamine the Spnfpmhorbargains we are offering in wall papernothing ever seen in Paris like it be-'fore. We are ready to put it en thewall at once. IJ. T. HINTON. !. iA Beautiful Affair.The Winchester Demcorat says:"The reception at the Methodistchurch last Friday evening to welcomePreisdent J. L. Clark and ProfessorGoodtich White of the Kentucky Wes-1-syaa.College and to bid farewell toRev. O. J. Chandler and wife was adelightful affair. Early Autumn bloss-,oms combined with ferns were used inthe decorations for the church and anice coursewas served. On every side'were expresisons of deepest regretover the deprature of Mr. Chandlerand his wife, who have endeared them-'selves to all denominations of this Jcity. The welcome of the new members of the K. W. C. was cordial andsuggestive of the good things in storefor them during their stay in Winchester."I Our I in ni Qioflttiv cillwwi iiiiw vri Ljiii liny tin. wver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.I E?FIVllfciDir- -rm-mmThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverana we can give you anvthmafrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.A IheHouse nfOnnllHr"Both Phones.mj