-hfc--w?,KTHE BOURBON NEWS.11&'2AJJK1ri '' vmPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1911.NUMBER 13T -Wanted.Men arc! Women, sell guaranteedhose, 70 per cent profit. Make $10daily. Full or part time. Beginnersinvestigate. Wear Proof, 3038 Chestnut street, Philadelphia, Pa. 31 5tInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYosan Howard.BIRTHS.Bom. Tuesday Light to the wife ofWilliam Lancaster, nee Currant, a son,weight eight pounds.The Troubadours February 22.The Troubadours Amusement Company will appear in concert at Elksbuilding, on Wednesday evening, Feb.22, at 8 o'clock. After the show, agrand ball all for 50 cent. Everybody expected. Don't disappoint yourself. The Troubadours will present the following program:PERSONNEL.Helen Harkness, Reader.Michael Briglia, Violin.Nichol Briglia, Flute.Michael Varallo. Harp.John Varallo, Violin.PROGRAM.1. Ungarische Lustsiel Overture(Keler Bela) Orchestra.2. Spoken Songs a. Jest a Weaiyin' for You. b. Some Day WhenDreams Come True. c. See Saw.Miss Helen Harkness.3. Flute Solo The Butterfly- (TheoBendix) Mr. Nichol Briglia4. Alpine Violets (Ludwig Andre)Orchestra.5 The Amphitheatre Scene fromthe "Last Days of Pompeii-Miss Helen Harkness.6. Harp Solo The TroubadoursMr. Michael Varallo.7. Violin Solo Mazurka de Concert(Ovide Mussin) Mr. Michael Briglia.h. Impersonations a Old Men. b.Types of Negroes, c. Small Childrenand Boys Miss Helen Harkness.l. Bridal Rose (Lavelle)- Orchestra.MATRIMONIAL.rx'y--y&1)Docs the PriceCut Any Figure With YouW Tttna "Rihlwi "Flnur ?n lh fiflok fiSX Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30$ Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55 ijjjf"Blue Ribbon" Flour is the best Flour in the world. WW Every sack guaranteed to be the finest quality. jty ftjfo Standard Granulnted Sugar. 20 lbs $1.00fl Prunes, large size, per lb 10 iiJ Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15 yNew York Cream Cheese ber lb 20 )jj Evaporated Peaches, fancy, per lb .10 fyjij Evaporated Apricots, fancy, per lb 15 fyj Royal Baking Powder per lb 43 jjffjfo , j 3 lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25 fyj Lenox Soap, 3 bars 10jfjj Scudders' Maple Syrup, per quart can 30 fyifr Ohio Chief Maple Syrup, per quart can 30 fjff$jjf Best quality Green Tea, per lb .75 yjty Good Quality Green Tea per lb .50 jty Arbuckle's Coffee per lb 23 (fottjf Pineapple, Queen, 2 lb. can '. 20 jjW Peas, extra small, 2 cans 25 jjjfcft Ricf fancy, per lb .08 $)JS Navy P.eans, per lb 05 SfyToilet Paper, 3 rolls 10 fy wThe Grocery Store of Quality. $T. C. LENIHAN, Prop. JBoth Phones 234 wASSg3gSggamSPRING HATSWe have received all thelatest colors and shapes mthe celebratedHoward Hat,&mWkma5Mm.-mmsw$&'$Best S3 Hat in the U. S. ftCall and see them.Price & Co.,Clothiers.&smssBsassssam&aHMVMMRMaiWWSftlRMBIJRV9UIIMaiMSftMHMXMtotiHHhiflSTBw5tThe marriage of Miss BlancheBledsoe Thompson to Mr. Isaac Cunningham H&Iey was solemnized Wednesday evening at the Christian chruchat Clintonville. It was a beautifulceremony and gracefully and impressively said by President C.C. Fisher ofthe College at Millersburg.The color scheme of the wedding wasJ pink'and green and was very prettilycarried out in ine acorauons aimbridesmaids' gowns. At the back ofthe puplit and surrounding it, forming a semi-circle, was banked handsome palms and ferns and to each sidetall cathedral candlesticks with lightedtapers complete a nerfect setting for!the ceremony. There were additionaldecorations of jardiniers of handsomeLawson pinks.The lovely wedding music was played by Miss Ethel Fisher who is abeautiful blonde of the daintiest type.Miss Fisher was becomingly gowned inpink messaline. Mr3. Sutherland sangthree beautiiul solos. "Love, the Highwayman." "Entreaty" and "I LoveYou Truly."Lohengrin's wedding march heraldedthhe approach of the bridal party.First came the ushers, Mr. AlbertHaley, of .Lexington, and Mr. BadgerRobinson, of Mt. Sterling. Simultaneously from the other aisle cameMr. G. C. Thompson, Jr., and Mr..Tamps Carroll Bryan.The maid of honor, Miss Myra Booth,followed alone. She was very handsome in a graceful gown of pink messaline and carried a huqe bunch ofpink rosss. Next came "the bride onthe arm of her father. Mr. A. S.Thompson, and the bridegroom withhis best man, Mr.Augusta. Joining,before the waitingimpressive ceremony,a The bride is the beautiful daughterof Hon. and Mrs. A S. Thomson, andnumbers her friends and admirers bythe score. She wore a beautiful wedding gown of soft chrystal satin trimmed in pearls, whu:h was very becoming to her girlisn beauty.The groom is a son of Mr. and Mrs.W. W.Haley and one of the mostpopular and highly esteemed youngmen of Bourbon county.Mr. and Mrs. Haley were the recipients of large nnmber of handsome andcostly presents.After the ceremony the weddingparty was entertained at the home ofthe groom's parents, Mr. and Mrs. fW.W. Haley. Later Mr. and Mrs. Haleyleft for a wedding journey South. 3CLINTONVILLE ITEMS.(MITCHELL fiunJMflflSPRilMG SUITSWm. Fagan. ofthe couple stoodminister for theServices at the Clintonville Christian church next Lord's Day, February19 by the pastor. Elder A. Sanders, asfollows: 10 a. m., Bible school Newton Shropshire, Superintendent; 11 a.m., preaching, subject, "111 GottenGains Curse the Possessor;" 6:30 p.m., song and prayer service; 7 p. m.,preaching, subject, "The Five GreatDivisions of the Gospel." At 7 "p.m.Saturday the Loyal Classes will meetwith Brotner Walker Nelson. Thebirthday of George Washington will beappropriately observed at the churchFebruary 22 at 7 p. m. Miss GraceHavvis, an elocutionist, will give arecital, and a vocalist is expected.Memorial Window.Mr. Kelly Brent, formerly,of Paris,who is now located in Kansas City,Mu., has contributed a memorial window which is to be placed in a newEpiscopal church now bing erected in that city, in honor ot his mother-in-law,Mrs. Ellen Hart Talbott, and.step-mot her, Mrs. Martha Payne Brent.Mrs. Talbott was the mother of W. G.and T. Hart Tablott, of this county,and his step-mother was the mother ofMrs. J as. K. Ford and Mrs. John C.Brent, deceased.DEATHS.News has been received here ofthe death f of Mrs. Aylette Bedford,formerly of Bourbon county, which occurred at her home in Hobart, Okla.,Tuesday. Her husband preceded herto the grave several months ago. Mrs.Bedford was a sister of the late Sanford Talbott, of Paris, and the motherof M. S. Talbott, of this county, andAlbert Talbott, of Sharpsburg.Mrs. Kittie Withers, widow of thelate James S. Withers, died at herhome in Cynthiana Wednesday morning at one o'clock, suddenly, fromheart trouble. Mr'. Withers, who hadbeen in feeble health .since the deathof her husband last August, seemedconsiderably better Tuesday. She wasable to leave bpr mom, and with theassistance of the nurse took a shortwalk out of doors.She retired f jirly well, and sleptuntil after twelve o'clock. At about12:30 she called the nurse and askedfor a pbysiciai., saying she had a verystranpe feeling. Dr. Marshall McDowell was summoned, but by thetime he reached the bedside thepatientwas unconscious. She failed to 'respondto stimulants, and died at one o'clock.Mrs. Withers was a daughter ofGreenup and Elizabeth Clay Remington, and was born in Cynthiana onMarch 14, 1856. Three children survive, Mrs. Jos. W. Davis, of this city ;Mrs. Bailey D. Berry, of Liexington;Rodney S. Withers, of CynthianaJames A. Remington, of Cynthiana,was her brother. B. F. Remington,of Paris, was her half-brother; Mrs.Elizabeth Smith, of Cynthiana, andMrs. Caroline Taylor, of Kansas City,Mo., were her half-aisters. Mrs.Withers was a member of the Christian church and for many years shewas an .active participant in churchaffairs. The funeral will take placeat her late residence this afternoon attwo o'clock. The services will be eonducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis. Burial' will follow at Battle Grove.a?Mr. R. H. Swaffield, representingtheSlobe vailoring Co.will make a display of the very latest fabricsir; suitings at our stere onFebruary 16, 17 and 18Particular dressers are especially invited toinspect this line.Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.I!Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."mrxMK,r,r.m.w.m wmmmmmiiHuinmiimii;aimnmr-i!imiii!iiiinmmiimimiiiimi?h35FRANK & CO:The Ladies' Store.AnnounceReady For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesINWhite GoodsGinghamsSheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviotsLinensSpecial Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin UnderwearHamburgs and LacesYOUR TRADE SOLICITEDPRANK & CO.ittlffffirltl1HSaacliK,lBalliiiHiimwiiuHiuimJuiHKyiiw iiiiiimumui.sIIisis332KMr aWrT IfrWww afcP RrF vnrP w&&vKFimP:yfTr r, 1 - xa5 rTHE BOURBON .NEWS, PAWS, J KENTUCKY, FEB. 17, 19115-55EEMBSH,siJEtf-ijJrf. ELtit-.f'&.1vif'a-K-tpfc- 1.iiEmmsWins -No. 1101There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theTfettleton Shoe,which is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.Geo. M cWillams,The2Shoe;Man,ma Tilm$wm.A Treat For AlljClasses WhoSmoke.The Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff ofv e mfif&JUsW' r555jjiBBFBALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto. es, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOCKSvuj -. 1 1 .r-lLOWRY & TALBOTTParis. KZerLtiJ.c3s.-yJsmBourbon LaundryD WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.i1tf PaH I I: JKr yy if ZBflBourbon Laundry,Pari, Kentucky.fisbw?TV2BjnK.Gv hVTtywfcv"An Idol Cigar in his mouth forhis own delectation ,-a few inhis pocket for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Itesort, therefore, all ye whoare fond of a good smoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisOur Coffeewill tell 3011 it is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smells.Ivicli, golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coffee fit fora king. Be good to yourselfand try a pound.That 'do not a prison make'1are noo the kind we keep. Oulocks, bolts, etc., are tiie kindthat stay locked and bolted.They are not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassure. Come and get the realkind. Our xrices are moderate.m(ItsvvA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourser Sj-stematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES, 124.SWFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.tEstablished in 188 1 19 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$L.00, PayableRiver Drops From Light.The Austrian River Polk drop3 Intoa big hole and disappears entirely Into the interior of the earth.Woman's Loi.If you have something to forgive,never mind. That is ahva3's a woman's lot. From "A Man of Genius."Poison in Tobacco and Almond.A German expert says that there Isless prussic acid in 25 cigars than inone bitter almond.Spread of Education.There were 1. 50.000 children atBchool in India 60 years ago. Thereare 4.000,000 now.Few Can Do This.The man who can carry a babygracefully will never have to wear aring on his thumb to indicate that heis married. Toledo Blade.A Gift Book.To give a book is to enrich the receiver permanently; to put into his orher possession something whichleaves residuun of pleasure long afteithe particular date on which it wasreceived has been forgotten. Hamilton W. Mabie.True Education.Education is but studying what other men have done in the world in order that we may waste no time indiscovering what has already been discovered or in following paths thathave been found to lead in no usefuldirection. Chicago Examiner.Ready Sealer.For traveling, carry a candle withyou and. when about to make a jump.I as the theatrical people say, seal yourI bottles with it. It takes only a minuteto light the candle, turn it upsidedown and let the tallow drip aroundthe cork of a bottle, but it insuresperfect carriage of the fluid content. Good Housekeeping Magazine.New Use for the Telephone.Cecil was accustomed to hearing hismother telephone for nearly everything she needed. One day as he entered the pantry a little mouse scampered across the floor. Very muchfrightened, he jumped up and downscreaming: "Oh, mother, phone forthe cat! Please phone for the cat!"Success Magazine.For Accidents.Every mother should keep a supplyof lint and some good ointment inthe medicine cupboard, and when anaccident, such as a cut finger, occurs,it may be used. Spread a little of theointment on the lint and lay it on theinjured part after it has been washedthoroughly in hot water. Cover thelint with a soft rag and tie it up.Remarkable Intelligence.A Spanish student, going out witha party to shoot rabbits, was toW notto talk, lest he should frighten therabbits. When the timid creaturesappeared, he uttered an exclamationin Latin, which frightened themaway, and. upon his companions blaming him. he said: "Who could havesupposed that rabbits understandLatin?"Saintllness Unpopular.That state of mind, which let us callthe ignominy of the virtuous, is notentirely confined to boys of nineyears. I have seen, grown men andwomen, being accused of saintllness.over whose faces passed an expression of mortification. They would accept with more complacency the tribute that they were getting to be devilsin their old age. Max Eastman, in theAtlantic.When to Go Home.When tired out go home. When youwant consolation go home. Whenyou want to show others that youhave reformed go home and let yourfamily get acquainted with the fact.When you want to show yourself atyour best go home and do the actthere. When you feel like being-extraliberal go home and practice onyour wife and children first. Whenyou want to shine with unusual brilliancy go home and light up the wholehousehold.-Good Housekeeping Magazine.NO. 320 MAIN STEEET- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSin Advance. :fl.00Attack Like Tigers.In fighting to keep the blood purethe white corpscles attack like tigersdisease germs. But often germs multily so fast the little fighters are overcome. Then see pimples, boils, eczema, saltrheum and sores multiply andstrength and appetite fail. This condition demands Electric Bitters toregulate stomach, liver and kidneysand to expel poisons from the blood.''They are the best blood purifier,"writes O. T. Budahn, of Tracy, Calif.,"I have ever found." They makerich, red blood, strong nerves andbuildup your health. Try Them.50 cents at Oberdorfer's.Taxation and Tyranny.Some mention having been made inhis presence of a tax upon milestones, Sheridan said such tax wouldbe unconstitutional, as they were arace that could not meet to remonstrate. Not AM for Nothing."Duke, I'm sorry," said the millionaire, "but my daughter can't marryyou." "Then I have loved in vain?""Not wholly, duke." Here's $30 foryou."Met Death In Hot Starch.A fearful death was that of a mannamed John Baird at a mill in NewYork. As he bent over a largo vatfilled with boiling starch, he slippedand fell into the hot mixture. He wa3literally boiled, to death before workmen dragged hh body from the vatwith hooks atachMl to a rope. The Ihot starch had reduced the man's jcioining to fragments.Accuse of Stealing.E. E. Chamberlain, of Clinton, Me.,boldly accuses Bucklen's Arnica Salveof stealing the sting from burns orscalds the pain from bores of allkinds -the distress from boils or piles."It robs cuts, corns, bruises or imunes of their terror," he says, "as asa healing remedy its equal don't exist. Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Frank Polygamy.For tomorrow's official ceremonyInvitations have been Issued to 200 ofthe leading residents of the distrIctwho, with their wives, will number;it is expected, nearly 500. which is thefull capacity of the hall. Eeter Express and Echo.We Are Our Own Fates.One of the worst things that canever happen to a person is to get ItInto his head that he was born unlucky, and that the fates are againsthim. There are no Fates, outside ofour mentality. We control our owndestiny. Orison Swett Marden in Success Magazine."I Suffered IntensePains in My LeftSide."Do you realize it is better to besafe than sorry, that it is the bestpoljcy to lock the stable door beforethe horse is stolen?Dr. Miles' Heart Remedycured Mrs. C. C. Gokcy, of a stubborn case of heart disease, such asthousands are now suffering with.Read what she says:"Before I began taking Dr. Miles'Heart Remedy I had been sufferingfrom heart trouble for over fiveyears. I had grown so weak that itwas impossible for me to do thirtyminutes work in a u hole day. Isuffered intense pains in my leftsideand under the left shoulder blade, Icould not sleep on the left side, andwas so short ot breath that I thoughtI should never be able to take a fullbreath again. 1 he least ex citcmentwould bring on the most distressingEalpitation. I had ccarcely taken aalt-bottle of the Heart Remedy before I could see a marked change inmy condition. I began to sleepwell, had a good appetite, and improved so rapidly that when 1 hadtaken six bottles I was completelycured.MRS. C. C. GOKE Y, Northfield, VtIf you have any of the symptomsMrs. Gokey mentions, it is yourduty to protect yourself.Dr. Miles' Heart Remedy.is what you need. If the first bottle fails to benefit, your money isreturned. Ask your druggist.MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionIs the best of all medicines for the cure of diseases,disorders and weaknesses peculiar to women. It is theonly preparation of its kind devised by a regularly graduated physician an experienced and skilled specialist inthe diseases of women.It is a safe medicine in any condition of the system.THE ONE REMEDY which contains no alcoholand no injurious habit-forming drugs and whichcreates no craving for such stimulants.THE ONE REMEDY so good that its makersare not afraid to print its cvci7 ingredient oneach outside bottle -wrapper and attest to thotruthfulness of tho seme under oath.It is sold by medicine dealers everywhere, and any dealer who hasn't it caaget it. Don't take a substitute of unknown composition for this medicine o?known composition. No counterfeit is as good as the genuine and the druggistwho says something else is "just as good as Dr. Pierce's" is either mistakenor is trying to deceive you for his own selfish benefit. .Such a man is not to betrusted. He is trifling with your most priceless possession your healthmay be your life itself. Sec that you get what you ask jor.xZ$m&r JH HBMHWHHBjBjrWe Cater to ParticularCustomersDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Cs3Q&KgS3SQgg'2QrSg23fls22Chas, S. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.PARIS,Both 'Phones 14.IFCDDIIIDV1 LD1UA1 IBARGAINSDAILY60URIER-JOURNALAt One-half PriceIf you will bring or send us your subscription duringthe month of February we will send youThe BourborsJINewsONE YEARAND THEDaily Courier-JournalFourMonthsFor Only $2.25Or this paper ONE YEAR and DAIL.Y COURIERJOURNAL Eight Months for $3.00.Subscriptions received at this price only duringthe month of February.TheState and National Campaigns are opening and you want to keep posted on politicalevents. Read the Courier-Jourdal editorials. AndMr.lWatterson's letters from Europe will be interesting. Subscriptions orders under this nffr mnfTT"T V ,. a al Anyj De ent to tne -ouner-JournaJ, but to us.THE BOURBON NEWS. Paris, Kyssaxg&&KENTUCKY.nWiilmiUIIMMMII-"' r- ,ov.v- "4i IX1v.stTHE BOURBON NEWS, EARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB, v17 191Litf-EHUfiSPECIAL REDUCED FAKESTkktts salt February 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 ami 27C4 Itttrftim amtil Mtrck Uth, Mil, wltk Frivlltgt f ExtiUSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSrot rULL PAITICUURS, CALL OH ANY TICKET AGENT. QUEEN CIESOENT MUTE,H' &J221L a-r- , , . , w- A- BECKLER,' Fa-WTtf 5tA.te.ntS , ., QaKral Palter Afert.T E. Mam Street, Uxiaglou, Ky. Iacalls BmUit. CiacbMUtI, O.1 " lib.EARN FIVE MEN WANTED To be:Chauffers,C7t H OZ. KM tU ePa"'ers or Demonstrators, Personal atD CO !pl 4j IVIOnCn tention, actual repairing and driving,Complete course. Five weeks day or ten weeks evening. Write forFolder. Y. M. C. A. AUTOMOBILE SCHOOL, 683 Walnut Street,Cincinnati, Ohio. jan27feb3Curtis & OverbyJBARBERS,r Successors to Carl Crawford3 Olieiirs 3iAll White Parbers, jHot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Re-ispectfully Solicited. jCurtis & Overby.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Offers his services to the people ofPmirhon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no charge jcharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, Real 1Ettate and Bank Stock.rr i.. r... ,.,.,, .w;nrr.Orders left at Tile Borimox Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.fax-.ONMvr-iiv-o- "..-- -vivSN-'sOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A rnnrWnt.plv nricccl one, tOOIf you a;e looking for "The"J ..... , . . ?ii at you it una it m uuj iui.--mnhandsome displnyof smartnrillinerv.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofovary woman and feel confident iof your securing a satisfactonporcnase lie re.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,!DENTIST,Opposite Frank &: Co.fr. Wni. KenneyvPARIS, KENTUCKY.OMqq 514 Main Sttiaat.IPllOtttSt15. T 1S.Home l!m.E. T. JB4.( Jlojne 8M.oneeDR. A. U KBbLrEit,Ppicticixg Physician,Ofilces, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Blu:gParis, . - - - Kentuckyjr. wriitiTAMS,'ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW.IfefkK'&W&l. v- 1 V C VKI I't . J-1 ,,jtoom 1 Elks Building.NEW ORLEANSamb MOBILEMARDI GRASiJohn White & Co.J LOUISVILLE, KY.Established 1837Highest market price paid,'nw FURSi and HIDES.WOOLI COMMISSIO9?J5 jS ,k isz!?..rlvjysmt teTIH; rfc" .-- " ..Dor.'t 'ct this mostdestructive of ailinfectious diseasesget a "grip" onyour ficck.A few drops ofBOURBOH POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, LIrnbcrneck, Roup and otherexisting forms of poultry diseases, and putsfowls in prime condition for egg-laying.One 50c "ooitie :nc!.ca 12 ycflonis of medicine.Every po:il:-y rr.i-er r-'iculd keep a bottle)f this i.'icdicii.c m hum!.I' or Sale by V. T. Brooks.OPtDaUlT-Fine Upholstering,Cabinet Repair Work,Mirrors Re-Silvered,Antique Furniture a SpecialtyC. Q. SCHWARZ.j Dow BFdg, Opp.Windsor HotelHome 'Phone 2.15.nast Tenn. 392.Hot and ColdBATfHot and cold baths.Everything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waits.to wait on the 'You are next. 'A. KAHAL.q j Win fprOpCid. VV ilitCiTourist TicketsVfAiOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida. Georgia.Louisiana, Mississippi.Mexico. New Mexic,North &ncl South Carolina,Porto Kico. Tenne.!rW andLong Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.-..i T-,-, J.. E..U &AlUtoiJfU I ti3UaY3 LCtCli IVtUMUJThe West,South West andon invest; also to points iualso to pointsAlabama, Louisiana and Miss -. . .issippi..For rates, routes, fcc., callon write .W..H. HARRIS, Agent.D. S. JORDAN. T. A.orIIsliSsB&Pfei?f'rjmLa irnimAj&LOrr-.BArsyl!Uf.. j ij 'J1 MPriscnrmi Drtr.r? Tn Hnrr.c surfaces of the pvbtem. tiiercDy' . -T . A . V " stmvinsj the foundation of the dieVS l JCKCtS On 5aie J Si and ease, and sMw the patient strenprrnluarguien s.Lamb,Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.Margolen,LParis, Ky.jMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroidervMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Jtnnte LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl(tfEast Tenn. Phone GG9Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.H"iuri7' aai'n i i nJVUF1IL Ull :We can do your JOBPRINTING of everydescriptionCards, Billheads, Circulars, Auction and Show Bills, Pamphlets.Law Blanks, Briefs, Blank Books.Labels at Reasonable Pricesi A Kin Vh0 lli Home-sot the world to talking, but PaulMathujka, of Buffalo. X. Y.. says healways KEEPS AT HOME the King:of ail Laxative Dr. Kincr's NewiLifcIPills aml'that they are a blessing:to all his family. Cures constipation,headaches, indigestion, dyspepsia.Onlv 25 cent at Oberdorfer's.Works Both Ways.One virtue will efface many vices;one vice will efface many virtues.Balznc.$100 Reward, $100.The reader of thit paper will oepapernloiienrl tn 1pj?v:i flint. l.harG is :it leasr !hnn drfiiidpd disease that science liasibeen able to cure in all its stage.-, and i practical life asserts itself wifcli suchthat is catarrh. Hall's Catarrh cure j prodigious force, the stranger is tmis the only positive cure now known i pressed, in every direction, with ato the medical fraternity. Hall's Ca- sentiment of repose and peace. Wiltarrh Cure is taken internally, acting. 1Jnm vinfm., directly upon the blood and mucousde -pathv liiiildino- uu the constitution smrlassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faith inils curative powers that th?y oflerOne HundredDollars for anv casei tha,fc.ic fa.ns to cr?Send for lisc ofi testimonials.F.J.CUKN13Y&CO.,f Toledo, O.Sold by druggis'ss. 7.1 c. rlTake HalPs i'auiilv Pills for ConstirJtpationjityh-:c:-.PUBLIC SALEOF SPLENDIDBourbon County Farm.ON TUESDAY, FEB. 21, 1911,at 1 o'c'ock p. m.. on the premises, we will sell at public auction, a tract of 293acres, five miles from Paris, on the Jackstown turnpike and Tarr Station pike,one mile from Tarr Station, belonging to Mrs. S. G. Clay.Ten room frame dwelling in perfect repair, with splendid dry cellar undernearly the whole house. Ice house, carriage house, meat house, hen houses,granary, two cabins, two corn cribs, two horse barns.The farm divided into six pastures with never failing water in each enclosure and every fence, outside and inside, new and hog proof. Forty acres ofwoodland; fifty acres of virgin soil; fifty acres of old sod; forty acres of sodready for tobacco; thirty acres the third year in clover, for corn;thirty acres for corn or hemp, plowed out of sod four years ago and has hadtwo crops of corn and two of wheat, now in wheat stubble. Sixty acres inwheat, which was plowed out of sod three years ago and had two yearsof corn. This is a splendid farm located in the richest farm section of thecounty, with every foot good for tobacco, hemp or corn. No rocks orwashes.Two tobacco barns, capacity.eighteen acres. rAn ideal cattle barn with racks,troughs, crib, tongue and grooved loft floor, that will feed fifty cattle comfortably. A good tenant house with outbuildings and fenced. Every "buildingin perfect repair.A Fairbanks stock scales, enclosed.This farm is fenced, dividing it about equally, with barn and improvementson each part and each part on the pike.This farm will be sold in two parts, then as a whole.Tract No 1 contains about 150 acres, with tenant house and cattle barn.Tract No. 2 contains about 143 acres, with dwelling and buildings as described above.TERMS One-third cash, balance in one and two years, with deferrednotes bearing ( per cent, interest and lien retained until paid. Immediate possession. We will take pleasure in showing this farm to any one desiring to see it.HARRIS & SPEAKES,COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer. Real Estate Dealers.Failed to See the Connection."Tommy, what was the preacher'stext this morning?""He didn't have any regular text. Hesaid his sermon would be on the subject. 'Charity Biggins at Home,' andhe didn't say a word about her. Allhe talked about was lovin' your neigh-bor an' doin' irood."IMIMHHBifMBBiiMBBflimDalQWUl raCKing V.X).,"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good things,we produce.For sale byanddealers.allaldwiii Packing Gi?i7 rBend of Sympathy.Tramp .to lady of the house "Isthat jour husband going down thestreet?" Lady "Yes." Tramp "I ,kuow, thon, that you will not b insensible to some slight bond betweenus when I tell you that I asked thatman for a dime?"Charm of England.It is not strange that Englisrmenshould he as certainly 'they are pasrionato lovers of their country; fortheir country is almost beyondparallel, peaceful gentle and heauti-Bven in vast London, where' -th ! Reason for Savage custom.' There Is a world-wide custom'among savages and barbarians ofj burying food and weapons with thehntv nf ,lpnfi warrior, sacrificint;stock at the grave of the pastoralchief and burying seeds of grain withthe agriculturist. More than that, thedead chief must have attendants toprovide for his wants" in the nowworld; hence the horrible practice ofsacrificing human- victims at his bier.'&ns, iveniucKv,More Modern.The Trance Medium "You're looking pretty prosperous. Ferdinand Ithought the slate-writing stunt wasplayed out?" Former Slate-Writer"Oh, I cut that out many moons agowhy, the spirit messages I dispensenowadaysare written on souvenirpost cards!"i r mfirst-class p-rocersiOVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.t n "P. '1" n ',:'lr'i and tlpscripflon ira7r,T t v 4 ' , m u free vrhethcr anri" '"l'r 'i rf lot ihh. f oairmiiui-ti. s i My.' tl Jim Mil. UAfJDBQOX on I'atenu-e t i t !' t :m for pfcuruiPHtetifi.1 ta'-i ti4 in Mmm & e u. rt'colva$Df. -' ; 'ice, xvit' il cr vc, in tLeScientific American.hin-'melTil!n.tni ol woeicir. Tersest elr-A h in-,-'melTillntni ol woelclr. Iirsrcst clr-m'nt. a in :r?v "neniiUc urnal. '1 r is. t-ift i- J.mr nio'itlib, 1. tulU by.,11 nt'wsijwilcr'fflUNN & Co.M,Bfc New Yorki5raiic'j (nlif o. v25 V F , Vasl.itui.. 1 C.To Enlarge Fcar.L't Crop.Peanuts give an arerage yield of34 bushels to the acre, hut it is believed by government experts thatthe output can be increased to 50 oreven CO bushels by selecting superiorseed from season to season. Thereare records of 3ields of 1G0 bushelsof email podded peanuts to the acrewith two tons of.. forage. whhalcne wiirpay tie costof pfchich latteroduction...hMA,bsailUEXKCifr'?Wwfij t "T'Throwing Avwiy AshumUfMlRobert Lowe, the English jouriutJJCwas always saying- good things. "Loolrat that fool throwing away hisural advantages!" he exclaimed wla deaf member of the house of co4svinons put up his ear trumpet.Real Tough Luck. 'Our Cedar Point correspondent' ftrecovering from a stroke of paralysisthe editor's office was burned, and thBulletin's head reporter is about. fcwrite up her own wedding. It is whatyou might call tough luck all arouaA.Florence Bulletin.Where the Trouble Lay.His Wife "John, these shoes don'tfit me at all." Her Husband "Why.they look comfortable." "Yes, that'the trouble. I've had them on nearlyan hour, and they don't hurt in thleast, so of course they are entirelytoo big." Illustrated Bits.All Had Done Time."You know Mrs. Van Gilder's family portrait gallery that she startedlast year?" "Yes." "Well, that greatcriminal detective officer who guardedthe wedding presents when Frc3tleVan Glider married the oldest DeGraft boy, told me that he recognize :seven of the portraits, and they hadall done time whatever that means. '"The Only Way.To try to make others comfortableis the only way to get right comfortable ourselves, and that comes partlyof not being able to think so muchabout ourselves when we are helpingother people. For ourselves will always do pretty well If we do not parthem too much attention. GeorgarMacdonald.Let Children Be Happy.Do not try to make men of yourboys or women of your girls, sayaOrison Swett Marden in Success Magazine. It is not natural. Love them.Make home just as happy a place aupossible and give them rein, freedomThere is nothing sadder In life thanxthe child who has been robbed of ita-childhood. ,Proper Use of Food. 'Too much food is as bad as too littie and occasions a waste of energyand strength In the body as well as arwaste of nutritive material. While Inthe case of some foods as purchased,notably meats, some waste is unavoidable, the pecuniary loss can be diminished, both by buying those kinds inwhich there is the least waste, and byutilizing more carefully than is ordinarily done, portions of what is usually classed as refuse.The Laziest People.There is no doubt t!ia? the Malay 1st.one of the laziest people in the world.Except In rare casts they will nottake the trouble to 'oarn when theyare young, and afterward, if theyhave learned, they will not exert themselves to apply their knowledge to anyobject which requires a sustained -effort.That they possess energy 13?known to anyone who has seen Malays-'engaged in any enterprise whichsavors of sport. They do cot mind thetrouble if there is only some risk andexcitement in the work.Spread the Salve.Praise is encouraging; it brings outthe best that is in a man and inspiresvhim to do his duty cheerfully andLfaithfully. Henry Lee.Fornet It!J Every one ought to make it a Ufarule to wipe out from his memoryeverything that has been unpleasant,1 unfortunate, says Orison Swett itfar-! den In Success Magazine. We ought to- forget everything that has kept usback, has made us suffer, has fceen dis-' agreeable, and never allow the hide-, ous pictures of distressing conditions:to enter our minds again. There Is-j only one- thing t.o do with a disagree-; able, harmtul ex. erienco. and that Is! forget it!tgimPlenty of fresh air,sleeping oat-doors and aplain, nourishing diet areall good and helpful, butihe most important ofail isJS' I KHntt-'s HllSi SlOilffi ti?jl.d J E St 2 K ill Wl llIt is- the standard treat-;r j l t.., jg iiieni: prescrzoea zty illJfor' this dread disease. Itif . . , .1 1S, CillU iU AICclI tiiC lUligand build up the wastingbody.FOR. S.V.LE T.V ALL. DRUGGISTSSend 3flc.f name par aad tkS 4. fr H.iur tWvnliCul SaTlKZ3 L'aBk akd Ci.iW KlStPteh-Book. leh teak cuHteiiM G4 MmAS 1'z ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 17; 1911.( Mi:vrfat"!fSsf J,fermL431i.I fcyI&ROYALBAKING POWDERAbmoiuiefy PureMAKES HOME BAKING EASYKteifiiandwholesomemade found at the shop or grocery.Rmyal Cook Bock MOO Kmcmlm4mFmSend tame and AddrmmM,ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.STOCK, CROP AND F ARM NOTES" The 'Carlisle Advocate says:'Curt day was a hummer as fur astke crowd went. The market wasbare of rattle, but mules and horseswere in abundance. Georgetown partie bought several 'good roaditers andseveral other buyers from out of townmade purchases. Prices en horsesranged from $125 to $200, with most ofthe sales around $165. Mules sold wellaad several pairs brought fancy prices.At Millersburg last week dogs gotinto a flock of sheep that belonged toDr. Mathers, of Carlisle and killedone.The State Farmers' Club will meetin lit. Sterling on February 23. Anexcellent programs has been arranged.The meeting will last three days.mimmmammmammmm9mimmmBRASS AND IRONBEDSat prices that will suit allthat are in need of one.From $2 up to $35.If I I I ri&yk I II I I II sfc(V ' 'Stileaf!We arc Headquarters for Your Spring Floor CoveringsMatting, Oil Cloth and Linoleums.A. F.L-COR. MAIN A THIRD STS. CHAS.GREEN.HMGR. OPP. COURT HOUSELight BiscuitDelicious CakeDainty PastriesFine PuddingsFlaky Crustsand the food is finer,more tasty, cleanlythan the ready-Judge Holmes May Enter Race,Judge Samuel Holmes, ra prominentattorney of the Carlisle bar, is beingtalked of as a prospective candidatefor the Republican nomination forKailroad Commissioner in this districtand admits that he had the matter under consideration. Judge Holmes isone of the most prominent (Republicanleaders in this section of Kentucky.Fell and Fractured Skull.A young man giving his name asIsaac Riley was killed in fan unusualmanner near Danville Tuesday. Whilewalking along the road he accidentallyfell. His forehead struck a small rockinthe road and his skull was fractured. He lived only a short while afterthe accident occurred. He was aboutsixteen years of age. The boy flatlyrefused to give out any informationwhatever concerning his past life orhis former home or his relatives.In qualify in the variety of designand beautiful colorings in completeness of assortments for lowness ofprice on anything and everything forPloor Coverings and Interior Decoratingthe season's showing at the A. P.Wheeler store is unequaled.There is every reason in iheworld why you, why all Paris,should make your purchases here.Are you coming to do it to-day?WHEELER"Wets" Withdraw Petition.In the Nicholas County 'Court atCarlisle, the petition of the "wets"for a vote en the local option questionin Nicholas county were withdrawn ontheir motion Monday. The petitionswere filed last week and when the application for an election to be calledfor April 15 was made it was found anumber of signers in one of the precincts had withdrawn their names,thev appearing in court and demandingtheir signatures stricken fron thepetitions. This reduced the numberof signers to less than. twenty-five percent in the precinct, resulting in the"wets" witndrawing their petitions.It is charged by the "wets" that the"drys" exercised an undue influenceover the signers of the pptition to havethem withdraw their names.Mule Proves a Freak o! Nature.A freak of nature was witnessed inRichmond Wednesday when a finemare belonging to J. R. Azbell, aliveryman gave birth to a mule colthaving two perfect heads, four perfectfront feet and two back hones tapering at the hips intojonly two hind feet,together with the hind quarters beingas perfect as any ordinary mule. The'colt was born alive, but lived only ashort time. More than a thousandcitizens viewed the animal, which waspronounced to be one of the mostwonderful freaks of nature ever seen.$100,000 Fire in Lexington.Fire, which originated from an unknown source in the main barn of theGentry and Thompson stockyards Jmidnight Wednesday in Lexington, completely destroyed every building onthe grounds except the office, burnedto. death sixty horses and forty mules,and the feed stored in the barns andcaused a loss of about $100,000, partially covered by insruance.Declared (o be Insane.Mrs. Amanda Harrison, who confessed to opening the grave of youngSaufley in the Stanford cemetery a fewweeks ago, and attempted to removethe body, was adjudged of unsoundmind Tuesday and sent to the Lexington asylum. The woman said she believediif she could get the body ofSaufley she could restore him to life.Suits Against Robinson Circus.Damage suits ragainst John Robinson's, circus were commenced in Circuit Court at Richmond Tuesday.There are eight plaintiffs whose claimsaggregate .$5,000. The suit grew outof alleged damages to the planitiffs atRobinson show at Richmond in July,when a scetion of seats collapsed.Hunter for Legislature.Hon. R. D. Hunter, of Clark county,has announced his candidacy for theDemocratic nomination for the LowerHouse of the next General Assemblyfrom Clark county. He is the presentrepresentative from that county.In ChoosingNew Carpets, Rugs,havepleaseAFURNITURE CO.Civic League Appeal for Members. The fate of the Paris Civic Leagueis up to you. You are asked to backthe movement to the tremendous extent of one dollar for one year andthus, if you are skeptical of ils success, giv1 yourself a chance to beshown. It is unfortunate that everybody can't know the calls that came tothe league the instant it was knownthat an organization existed, interested in such appeals.The reported condition of certainback yards is appealing, certainly undreamed of by the league organizprswho planned to arrange for "CleaningUp Days," but didn't realize theirextreme necessity till concrete instances were repoited, confidentiallyof course.The most popular plan proposed bythe league is the children's playground and the committee in chargeask for suggestions as to locations andfor bids from owners to lease or sellthe necessary ground.Sewer connections are reported lacking in certain places. Surely Paris hassuffered enough from typhus in ih2past to need no further warning. Itmay be your family next. The attention of the league has been called tocertain matters affecting food sanitation. Then i?e have been asked tobuild a hospital, buy a park, start aY. M. C. A., takedown fences, builda bridge and plant trees. But themost astonisning thing is this. Afterwe have listened with great courtesyand interest to these suggestions, occasionally practical, and say, "Ofcourse you will join the league andhelp do these things," we get something like this: "Why no, I have sjmuch else to do, I can't join, but it isa splendid move and I'll help you all J Ican." When told that if they lacktime for the work, their name and adollar will still prove a very pleasanthelp. The disillusioned citizen lels usnow he has been in the Hospital guildand Commercial Club, and we willhave to make good before he risks hiscoin. It is easy to see the utter impossibility of "making good" undersuch circumstances. Don't tell thenext person who asks you to join theleague that you wish him luck, justsay how much you wish it. This is abusiness proposition not a matter ofsentiment.Seriously, the league now haseighty-five members and we cannotcall the organization a success until atleast five hundred are enrolled. Certainly effective work for a whole towncannot be done by less than ten percent of that town's citizens. Soliciting isn't pleasant work at best and sothe committee wishes to urge you ifyou are interesteda whole dollar'sworth in this matter, you will giveyour name to Miss Kate Alexander,treasurer, or Dr. J. T. Vansant. secretary, of the league. With your helpwe are assured we will get what wego after, we canonly take what iscoming to U3. The names of contributors will be published later.nuurDraperies, LacelCurtains, Etc., wejchosen ioyou allSolid Oak Kitchen Cabinet just like cut for$8.75.in Carpets, Rugs,Brim I0 I''JWrites Again from 014 Mexict.Writing from Houston, Texas, Mr.T. Clarence Erringer, formerly ofParis and now with one of the leadingautomobile manufacturing companies ; wound, planted a gaily colored rosettein the United States, sends the follow-'0f ribbons into his shoulder on the ending interesting description of Juarez, f 0f a sharp fish-hook barbed spear.its many sided attraction, its bull ring Bulls may not be as tender as babies,and many other features of what is . Dut they do not like such treatment,rapidly becoming one of the gayest ' an(j this one began to bellow and pawand most interesting cities in the j up the earth in his fury. This is wnatworld, as far as its sporting features the man in the yellow togs wants, andare concerned. Mr. Erringer says : ne waved his red cape at him to in"Houston, Texas Dear B Say, crease his rage, while the picadorsboy, if all the things that have not j came up on their piebald steeds oncebeen told about the gay life of Juarez, more and jabbed him with theirMexico.could get intojthe public print, pjcas.' Every time a fresh woundit would create a sensation. London, Was inflicted the bull became angrier."Paris, France, and Lexington, Ky. . I One of the most daring feats of thehave been held up to 'he world as -performance lis the .planting of theleaders in the cay and festive games handerillos after the picador has hadof chance, etc., but Juarez. Mexico, hasthem all beat to .a frazzel, tnd thensome." Yo might as well expect people togo to Rome and not try to have a psepat the Pone as tohave them come toEl Paso, Texas, and not cross the RioGrande river to Juarez and have a lookat a real Mexican bull fieht.It is oneI of the sights, and nobodywants to. miss seeing at least one performance.During the annual 'fiesta now inprogress the crowds headed that wayare unusually large, and men,and children, even, are eagerness a bull fight."To be able to live throughfight and say that you reallywomento wit-a bullenjoyedfor theit, one has to go preparedworst and were fortifiedfeelings of humanity.against all"It looks inconsistent for the timesto see inside the fiesta grounds, in thebuildings and along the sidewakls likeat a street fair, gambling tables ofever description piled Jhigh withmoney while old and decrepit beggarsare hi.lding out. grimy palms, askingfor just a "eentavo," every few stepsyou take."At the first sight of these moneyladen tables, ,the thought to try tomake a grab and a quick getaway hitsyou like a bomb shell, but on secondthought a look at the dark-faced Mexicans standing on guard and the grimprison walls up the street makes youhuriiedly change yojr train ofthought. Great big shining silverdollars are stacked in piles a foot highand a yard wide. There (are roulettetables, keno, poker and all kinds ofcontrivances for gambling, doing abigger business than a tree lunchstand at the nonn hour. "The manwho knows'7 keeps his hands and his."noney in his pockets and stays aheadot the game, while the poor "sucker"who lacks experience feeds the "vultures." "After a glance at all this unconventionally your blood begins totingle with excitement, and you passon to the aide show, where the cocklight is going on, and you begin beingequal to seeing almost any old thing.Once inside it sounds like early in themorning, with all the cocks crowing agrand choius. The fight is short, butexciting. After they tie the "slashers" to tho roosters' feet they putthem in the ring to do their littlestunts. Not cherishing any personalgrudge against each other they fail toshow any particular antagonism, untiltheir trainers tartalize them by bringing them face to face, and each gets afew pecks at the other to quarrelover,then they are turned loose to do mur-der. j"The winning fowl begin to crow;loudly as he sees his ring mate flop iover, close his eyes and let his life'i blood flow out, which means money in il somebody's pockets, and money out of!I the purse of the fellow : who. was betI ting the other way. The big crowd 'I files quickly out after the last k event,I gesticulating and talking over theirj winnings and losses in true Latin1 style. After this mild form of blood-shed as witnessed in the cock-pit youfeel equal to witnessing the bull fight,and proceed with the rest of the crowd.We arrive at the bull ring, take ourseats and await the march of events.i "The Mexican soldiers march in,take their seats, and the Mayor otJuarez and the judges are seen to appear in the boxes reserved for them,and the big show, such as it is, is ;on. !The Mexican band begins to play, the jgates of the arena are thrown open,and the glittering pageant of the'I maiaaor, nis oanueruio, picauors anumoozes enter."The matador, or leading man hadon yellow silk 'pants,' his waist wasfashioned to match, and was trimmedwith fringe and beads that tinkled andjingled as he strutted forth His firstbanderillo had his upholstery cut onthe same ;iines except that his suitwas of gray 3ilk with gold braid trim-m.ngs. ine next man chose royalpurple, and the fourth was jdothed inpea green. They wore thier hair braid -ed, witu caps all of the same style andco,or- t 1 black stud. 2 years old, by Liberty"Next comes the 'steeds,' ridden by Chimes;three picadors. Of all thepoor, skin- j l black gelding, 5 years old, by Wigny, dilapidated, down at, the heel look- gins;ing remnants of horseflesh you .ever! 1 bay work mare, bred to jacksaw these three tipped the : scales. . 1 black work mare, bred to jack ;They looked as if they had been fpiay- l bay driving mare, lady broke, bredmg nooKey irom tne ooneyaru. Butwhat else could be expected, for from."SO cents to $4 is all they cost. Theywere in the last stages of starvationand were.nothing but a continuation of jscars and wounds frombeing gored bythe bulls in the ring. If their internalrevenue department happens to getgored out they are sewedup land putback in the ring to be gored again until there isn't enough left of their poorimeasley carcasses to be gored. '"The matador, banderillos and pica-'dors took their places around the ling, 'and the bugle sounded for the entrance 'offthe bul!, whenkoplunk. beforejjanyone said 'boo' to him, the ;plug riddenby the first picador fell under his rider'sweight, and had to be dragged fromthe ring. H j must have been working :? little gamejof strategy, for, as soon 'us pulled out, he gets upon his feet, 'looked as wise as a high school graduate, and hobbled into his cell to rest,until the next Sunday's performance.The next plugjwas not so wise, however, as the poor fellow was blindfold-'ed, led to tha center of the ring, .and. jwithout any chance of defending thim-.self, was immediately gored to death, jwhile the picador's heavy armor saved jhim. 'V After the f picador's exit, nextcomes the matador and his assistants.Everybody forgot the ante-bellumlooking plug and his misery when thegate was thrown open again and thenull makes a wild dash inte the spot-liflrht. These Door creatures ara notgiven any water for several days be -fnrm thfv era to Acht. Mid tiltyfamished at well as mad .before therfare put into the areas. As tne mmcame through the gate a guara wwwhusinesain life is to inflict the firsthis inning. The bander Hlo is a suckabout a yard in length, jfeaily coloredto match the suits of;the banderilleros.These, with sharp hooks on the ends,are inflicted two at a time, into thebull's shoulders until he has six ofthem imbedded inhim, giving him fitseverv time he moves. After he hasbeen tortured for half an hour and1 shows signs of getting .weak from Joss, nf hlood. the sicnal is given to killhim, and the music JJ ceases as thei matador asks permission of the Mayort0 snow his skill with the sword. Thisgranted he goes out into the middle (of! the ring to slaj the already dying, bull. As Dulls always shut their reyest wnen thsy charge their adversaries thej matador is not in much danger, and he, quickly sidesteps every move made bythe bull. You have to understand thescience and skill of being a torreadortojfully appreciate all tne antics thesematadors cut in lheibull tring, but tothe naked eye and the critical observer, they look.as if they don't care tolive any longer, the way they go aboutcourting danger."The most skillful matador Rills hishull with one thrust of the sword, butas the vital spot is only about the jizeof a dollar, and has to be preached between the shoulders, it is seldom doneat the first trial. Pie may drive thesword up to the hilt but if he fails toget the heart he and the bull have atime chasing each other around thering'until he regains his sword and hasanother try. If the bull refuses to dieby this treatment Jthe brave Mexican(oh, how 1 love. them, the brutes) slipsup behind bisjfoe, plants a long knifein the seat of the bull's brain, and thebrutal work is f nished up. The tormented bull rolls his eyes for one lastlook at his tormentor and goes to his'happy home,' as a team ot mules isbrought in to drag him out y his nindlegs, and the band strikes up anothertune, until three more bulls arebrought into the arena, and the soRailed fight continues."Branding calves at a round-up maybe nerve-racking, but when the ownersof cattle explain to you that it is apart of the business.you can calm yourimagination to a certain degree. Butwhen you see dumb animals, homesand bulls alike, tortured solely for ,the'sport of bloodthirsty pleasure seekers, you wondpr .what is wrong withthe world that such things cannot bestopped and resolve never, never againto be a witness to such brutal 'sport.'"I have certainly seen my first andlast bull fight.Jthat is, as conducted in.the name of 'sport.'"Your friend,"T. C. E."Egg Settings for Sale.Single Comb Rhode Island Red eggs,for sale. The strain that lays 425 eggsfrom 30 hens and pullets during themonth of January. Egg? $1.50 per 15.MRS. M. H. DAILEY.Public SaleOF-Stuck, Farm Implements, &cAt the old Dudley place,South of Hutchison, on thepike, on4 milesDudleynr tj i. UlUrSQ2Y rGu. Zo,,. 1 10 B the foiIowingexDOSed to oublic sale.ii;will he, f bIack brood mare, byi,rp,i Mnrqi. .Dictator,. l b drivinglmare, 4 years old,en rjnusbyto jack;1 gray work horse1 bay road mare. 4 years old ;1 black percheron colt;1 black mare mule, S years old, extra good:1 brown mare mule, (J years old, x-tra good ;1 pair mules, 4 years old. extra good;1 bay buggy horse, 3 years old ;1 extra good Jersey cow, registered ;1 extra fgood Jersey cow, subject toregister ;1 extra good red cnw. fresh :1 extra good 2-year-old cow ;G extra good brood sows, will pig inspring ;80 extra good ewes, bred to lamb io.March ;1 lot of chickens ;1 Kaufman buggy, good as new ; .1 Columbus buggy, good as new ;1 Holliday brake curt;2 set3 of buggy harness ;Fish Bros, wagon, good as new ;1 steel wheel farm wagon ;' grass seed strippers ;1 binder;2 mowers ;2 riding plows ;2 cultivators ;1 Oliver Chilled plow. ".Other implements too numerous tomention.Terms made known on day of sale.E. S. DUDLEY, .J.-T. WEATHEKS' Geo- D- Spak3, Auctioneer.r..THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS- KENTUCKY, FEB. 17, 1911,lift; BOURBON NEWS.fefOR THE BESTNOTHING ELStNOTICE.Shire & Fithian's annualreduction sale is now goingon. Great bargains in China,Brass, Leather Goods, Pictures, Art Ware, Umbrellas.The trial of the case of Leach vs.Green in Judge Dundon's court Wed-m i iimkmu v inp rno rnirn rima vapm rtn r r-i A II I 1 -v.-j iwi me hjiiu liiuc icjuiicu ill ucit. -vu xeuucea nnces a i hunp inr no onnnh-nn lYet Hope for Cut Oaf.After holding conferences in Lexington Monday with the Executive Committee of the Hurley Tobacco Union,the committee appointed at the meeting of old poolers held at FalmouthSaturday, made a report in which theyexpress their belief that there is yethope for the cut-out movement andcall uponlthe old p ool counties to holdmeetings next Saturday and send delegates to the Burley Union's meetingin Lexington February 20, and declarein favor of the cut out if the independents show sufficient strength to justifysupporting them.Third Trial a Disagreement.PERSONAL MENTION.over ahorsa and the costs of the three trials(aggregates more than the animal,j Leach is Fuing Green to recover aj horse which iie alleges he sold to thelatter and which is being held by the, ' plaintiff subject to the verdict of therneetifrtoi ;..-... xi- t. u i : j3tnrHnv pvpninn- of !, P,.m; r ' J"J'f " ltatii waving hecurtufcturaaj evening at the rbblic Li- nnc:acc;nn nf fka u... n a. :..:brary at 7 o'clec instead of tonieht n :i:" r :' l. "- i. an aiuatlllllCUL tic aLtuiuca 111the case are C. Arnpsarger for thepiainiiu ana unaries A. McMillan lorthe defendantThe Childrenpositively spot cash only.SHIRE & FITHIAN.Will Meet Saturday.The Boys' Debating Club willas previously announced.Mite Boxes to Be Opened.i's Missionary Societv of i m ni m x A "it. tthe Presbyterian church will have a I "u"ai movement at wincnes-ter.A movement is on foot in Winchester looking to the establishment of ahospital in that city and at a massmeeting held a lew nights ago solicitmeeting Saturday at 2 o'clock p. m.,atine cnurcn tor the purpose of openingthe mite boxes.Erecting Residence.Mr. H. C. Hesuer. fa contractor of ' ine committees were mifc into thp tfiplrlCorbin, is. erecting for Mr. T. C. Liv- to secure subscriptions for this purinyston a handsome two-story resi-' pose. Several thousand dollars havedence on Fifteenth street, near Cyp- been subscribed and it is thought theress. The residence will cost ahmit . necessary amount can he raised wif-out any trouble. A similar movement- was started in Paris some time ago butlike everything else that has an abjsorbing intdest for a short time only,. it has passed out of the minds of thepeopie while our physicians continueto take their patients to Lexington andcould re-$2,500.B. of C. Meeting Postponed.The Daughters of the Confederacyhave postponed their regular meetingfrom rriday, February 17, until Fri-,1-,., z?u-.,L.. o . u .. -Vi , Lo lukb ineir patients co uexii?thfJZ 24 when.tney w.ll meet , LouisviIle foAreatment theyp..ic tne courtl,ouse ""ceive here at home.Wall Paper.The Riht Time.Just now is the right time for papering the house. My stock of wall papsris the most complete in the city andliiy decorators are now ready to put iton the wall.J. T. HINTON.The newest patterns injust received. Call andine.J. T. HINTON.wall paperinspect myReport of Giltner Sale.Candy Pulling.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reportsthe sale of O. B. Lloyd, AdministratorMisses Bessie Mclntyre and Lena day, at which .he highest prices of theCooper will give a candy pulling rues- I season were obtained for horses.sheep,day night, February 21. fat the home , cattle and hogs. XHorses sold fat fromof Mrs. Robert Mclntyer. on r if teen- j $ioo to S2C0 per head ; cows,$30 to $100th street. .The admission, 10 cents. , per i,ead ; two-year-old cattle," $52.50is ifor the benefit of the i "building fund per head ; yearling steers $3o: steercf the new Methodist church. calves, $23 per head ; Cotswold shep,A x n i . $14.50 per head; (Seuthdown sheep.Accepts Position as Assistant. , $io.50 ; Southdown lambs, $5 pehead;Mr. Leo Keller -has accented the Cotswold Iambs. $b per headposition of assistant to D. S. Jordan, sows $35 to $50 per head ; shoats. 10ticket agent of the L. &. N. in this 1 cents Per Pound; aheat oats, $14 cercity, vice Mr. Clyde Keller who has ton timothy hay, $15 per ton; chickresigned to accept a similar position I ens b0 cfnLts ec' farming impleat the Union Station in Lexington. t 1 n!ents a"d household and kitchen fur-niture brought fair prices. Attend-Report of Hendricks Sale. ance lare-,B At the sale Tuesday of Arthur Hen-, Powers Sale.dricks, near Elizabeth Station, good . .... , , .prices were realized. Horses brought' Attention is directed to the adverlrnm $120 to $2J0 ; cows $10 to $50 ; , tisement in another column of Mr.euro, $2.75 per barrel ; chickens 50 and Jfames pwers, which is to occur ontA nanfc onh 'mniamontu C,.M f Monday. February 20, on his farmMrs. Dan Roche is quite ill withpneumonia.Miss Margaret Ewalt has accepteda positiun in Montgomery, Ala.Mrs. H. C. Ogle.Sr., is convalescing from a severe attack cf lagrippe.! Mrs. C. B. McShane spent.Tuesdaywith Mr3. U. R. Crule, in Cynthiana.Mrs. Albert Stone, of Louisville,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs. LeeStarke.Mrs. Albert Hinton has as herguest her sister, Miss Bessie Peed, ofMay slick.Mr. and Mrs.- Roy Turner entertained with a mask party at theirhome near this city Tuesday night.Mrs. Carl Wilmoth, is ill at the homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Shropshire atLeesburg, with measles.Mrs. Phil Nippert, who has beensuffering from an attack of lagrippe isimproving.George, the four-year-old son ofMr. and Mrs. W. T. Ewalt, is ill withmeasles.Miss Josie Connors, of this city, isthe guest of her brother, Mr. JackConnors, near Carlisle.Mrs. J. Moragn Brown has as herguest, Mrs. F. M. Ilencsey, -of Lexington. Dr. Wm. R. Smith, who has beenill for about two months from rheumatism, is improving and was able to bein town Wednesday.Miss Geraldine Herrin, the littlegranddaughter of Mrs. Thomas Herrin, is confined to her home with wthewhooping cough.Mrs. Emma Thomason, of Georgetown, and Mrs. C. A. Langston, ofMt. Sterling a-e guests of Mrs. J. W.James, on Vine street.Mrs. Robert .H Winn, of 'Mt. Sterling, who has been the guest of hermother, Mrs. Jesse JTurney, left yesterday for New York, where she willvisit Miss Lucy Hagerman.Miss Mary Adams Talbott. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Talbott,entertained about sixty of her littlefriends Tuesday at her city home onL)uncn avenue with a Valentineparty.Mrs. J. S. Wilson gave a partyWednesday morning for her guests,Misses Nan Gardner, of St. Louis.Mo.. Miss Margaret Jurey, of Louisville, and Misses Lucy and ElizabethHowell, of Carilsle.Mrs. J Simms Wilson will, enterlain'at her home on Houston avenuethis evening with a cob-web party inhonor of Misses Nan Gardner, of St.i I, rnis Martrarnfc .Turev. of Louisville.brood 1 an(i Lucy and Elizabeth Howell, ofCarilsle, who are her guests.fair prices. Auctioneeriueakes conducted the sale.Geo. D.LOST.about two miles from Paris on theRuddles Mills pike, commencing at 101o'clock. A lot of household andkitchen fruniture will be ofFered atpublic sale.liannah Wilson, a lady of color, wasup in ponce uourt yesterday charged f roeram oi fans Literary aocie-Between Jas. McClure's residenceon Vine street and the store of Frank& Co., on either Duncan avenue.Pleasant or Main street, a silver coinpurse. Contained small amount ofchange. Suitable reward if returnedto C. O. Hinton's jewelry store.Will Take Leave of Paris.LOST.(y.with loitering and was assessed a fineof $17.50 by Judge E. B. January.She had been in court previously The High School Senior Class, officerscharged with a like offense. When - as follows President, George RassenJudge Jnauary handed her the ticket foss: Secretary. Winn Lisle, will nre-to the amount stated she declared shewould leave the city never to return assoon as the fine imposed was workedout.v Judge January also fined John Baer.a blacksmith from Oaland Mills.Nicho-Jlas county, $12.50 for drunenness and 'disorderly conduct.HighCIass Artists.sent the following program at the CitySchool Friday night:PROGRAM.Music Paris High School Band.President's Address.Minutes by the Secretary.Debate--Resolved. That the voung', man of today has greater opportunities.j far success than did our torefathers.Affirmative John Price and Margaret Buchanan.A party of high-class artists equal, Negative Wallace Douglass andtj the most exacting demands madej Freida Heller.upon it, will appear at the Paris City ' Chorus The Magnolia of Tennesseehchool Auditorium, Monday night, High School Chorus.February 27. Skovgaard, 'the violin- Humorous Essay Courtship -Miss1st, has been called the ''Danish Ole Katherine Rassenfoss.Bull ' by the worlds' foremost critics; Music -High School Band.Miss May Warner, soprano, with Miss Recitation Gradatim Mamie StiAlice McClung, pianist, are charming J vers,and versatile in their respective roles. Dialogue The Silent System Mi-The Skovgaard Concert Company ! nerva Rice and John Keitn Vansant.comes to Paris under the auspices of School Paper- Hazel Wollstein.the ladies of the Methodist church, the , Music High School Band.Proceeds go to the building fund. Adjournment.Admission 50 cents. Basket Ball in the Gymnasium immediately following the Literary meetBetween Ferguson street on Seventhand the Comet Theatre, or in thetheatre, a lady's small black chainpurse containing $1G one $10 bill, a$5 bill and one $1 bill. Finder pleasereturn to this office.LOST, STRAYED OR STOLENMonday, court day, a chestnut sorrelpony mare, has speck in right eye,brand on shoulder and hooked in hindparts Last seen was on court housesquare in Paris about 3 o'clock Monday afternoon. Liberal reward for information cr return toLAN PEAKE.Elizabeth Station, Ky.MARTIN BROS1 Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Corn firings High Price. 'Six hundred barrels of corn in crib-t the public sale of Buchanan &. Clayen the premises, near Hutchison, Wedr.ttdav. broucht from S2.65 to S2.95and! .per barrel. The corn was cribbedwas in good condition.The sale, which was made to closeout a partnership buinsess, was largelyattended. Geo. D. Speak es, the auct.oneer, cried the sale and with spiriting. MasiicK vs. rans Liins reams.The people are cordially invited tothis open session of the Paris HighSchool Literary Society. AdmissionFree.To the Basket Ball Game the regularadm'ssion ee will be charged, Fridayevening, February 17, at 7:30- o'clock.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a SpecialtyHauling Tobacco.Four New PitchersThe depleted Ipitchingel bidding prevailing the entire list of ; pennant-winning ParisareofSigned.staff of theclub is being!Up-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.D eona nronertv was disooscd of at strenKtnened rapidly and aoouc ten uuin xjL.EiirrnjiM3.prices that were highly satisfactory. ' new recruits have up to this time beenSingle mules by the head broughtthe high figure of from S1P5 to $265per head. One pair of mules scld atS397.59. Horses sold at froir $125 to175 per head ; cows, from $30 to S53 ;Pheep, from S5 to $6.70; shouts fromS5.80 to 56.65 per head.signed by tne rans management ior atry-out when the base ball seas3nopens.Manager McKernan has been actively engaged since he came to termswith the Paris management and hasforwarded to President Bacon thesigned contracts of four twirlers andone outfielder.FOR RENT.Modern and convenient cottage onMt. Airy Avenue. AppJy toMRS. ,MARY E. PATON.The latest additions to the pitching Istall are Preston Brown, ofAutoist Arrested ior Fast Drivlum ! ..o4V or Prflstiin Hrnun if llafnnOn complaint from the police of Kv., Earl A. Hewitt, of Bethel, Ohio,Georgetown received here ytsterday, t R. L. Timme. Newport, and Frank.!. 3. Banks, of Louisvill , one of the 1 Schroder, Cincinnati. All are'rightproprietors of the Banks Motor Car handers and have been highly recomC., of that city, was arrested I y-i mended to McKernan, who also forHatrolman Charles B. Thomas. 011 a warded the contract of R. G. Goodwin,charge of dii vmg liis machiro thiouch 1 of !Bethel, Ohio, an outfielder, into.u.. -ri... r' 4. .. . 1 ..-t rrrr:nWrab-fjed Cakesine city ot ueurKuiown witnout alicense tae. He was held by the policehere until the arrival of Deputy Sher I p rfornr.ances.whose record he has inquired and isvery much impressed with his pastii riexoing, or acctr. cwinty, wno returned with him yesterday afternoont i Georgetown, where he will amwerto the charge in court. Mr. Banks", inompiny with his daughter. Miss Lillian Banks, were touring this sectionof the stte in a Ford mach've andpassed through Georgetown Wednesday.Billy Kuhlman. who covered the"third sack for the Bourbonites last season, has come to terms and his contract is now in the possession of President Bacon.Indications are that there will he alarge quantity of good material fromwhich to pick a f tronc team whn themen report focjpractice on April 17.They Sweeten the Disposition 0! the Whole Family.A Scientific Combination 0!All That's Good.Wrapped in Wax PaperPackages.So to eliminate all that'sbad.TEE'SIPUBLIC SALE!OFPersonal Property.Having determined to break uphousekeeping I will onMonday, February 20, 1911,on my farm about two and one-halfmiles from Pans, on the Ruddles Millsturnpike, at 10 o'clock a. m., sell thefollowing personal property :1 good work horse ;1 cow;1 wagon ;1 new buggy,, 1 old buggy ;1 Plows, plow harness;2 3 dozen chickens;Household and kitchen furniture,consisting of carpets, chairs, beds,tables, &c.JAMES POWERS.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.ffnrim-W7rTrsarpmmr If I BOX OFFlCcUflLyTHfjraj IIIIIIEfl1spairaNEVERHave we had as large a slock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautiful inFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized Foulards,Madras, Lawns,White Goods,Embroideries,Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cGome and select the styles before they arepicked over.i1W. Ed.- Tucker.IA small part ofthe money you spendfor fleeting: pleasures andamusements will secure foryou the lasting- enjoyment ofthe Victor. 'The world's greatest bamls,orchestras and soloists provide their best for your entertainment. Get a Victor today. Pricesrange from $10 to $100 for a Victor,$125 to $250 for a Victor-Victrola,and we'll make easy tjrms to suit.(MDaugbcrty BrosV VV1 V Cot Rate Cash Snecials VII E E w Fr Tuesday & Wednesday.PRUNES Fancy Santa Clara, regular 15c grade,Our Price, per pound --. . 10cI PIE PEACHES Down goes the price for Tuesday ftand Wednesday, Our Price, per can 8 l-3c IS MACARONI Equal to any 15c grade of imported, YOur Price, per box 8 I-3e w1:TOMATOES Wagner's Brand, full 3-lb. can, red "I ripe whole Tomatoes, per can 8 l-8cSTRING BEANS Superior brand of good standard Tbtnng iseans, never sold under 12 l-2c can, .-.Our Price for this sale, per can 8 l-3c H ,MMHHHMMMiiHHiaMMiMHHHMaHnaiHMnnb MBREAKFAST BACON-Extra Fancy Sugar-CuredTid-Bits, weighing from 3 to 4 lbs, per lb 25cMAr.TCF.RET, Fnnr.v white Trish Mackerel, rpimlavL 15c grade, Our Price 8 l-3c f jMHM3MtSpringarrf"cDesigns InKtm icrc9 &5Lace Curtains,Linoleums Mattings,,Wall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent Price inCentral Kentucky.A Specially Good HandVacuumCleanerTo introduce this cleaner Iwill make a special price of$7.50For Ten DaysFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 3iJ. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton. residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 2S6.J. T. HINTON.tW4 t --MTHE, BOURBON. , NEWS, PARIS;1 KENTUCKY, FEB. H, 1811,i '" . c t -I'lVtils:h "84MWHl. . trr PBBSS Igg2giSp3aiTUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede Hall Clock as a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of furniture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alike toutility, refinement, and musical teste. Theperfect movement insures correctness cf rime;the solid oak or mahogany case, with chssicIkies, conforms to good tacic; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals of Whittingtcn orWestminster, serve as a pleasing reminder cfthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, all showingthe moon's phases in the dial arch. We aresales agents for The Herschede Hall ClockCo. of this city, and will send illustrated catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can purchase giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Ptate,Gold and Silver Jewelry, MantH Clocks, Etc.,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence solicited.Silversmiths Jewelers GoldrmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Street, East,I 2116S ill ! ir3i 9' I' if ! HII L JillCincinnati, Ohio$75 to $750Thought She Oughtto KnowBy EDITH V. ROSSCopyiight by American Press Association, 1911.Did You Ever Think It Over?That a man can do what is right in any kind of business.fSix yearsago, when I first came to this city, you had parties in the same line ofmy business that did about ten per cent, of the business I"am doingto-day.Do You Know the'ReasonlWhv?It's because I give one and all that " deals with '"me asquare, honest deal. I owe my success in business to thefact that i.1always give correct, honest weight and the highest market price.IF" YOU EVER HAVE ANY:.. .ln ftiViKt. nrrc Viwlnc -ol1ir -fitvc otf frrl rHVV SPP wM.IUJJ iiuii, niULaia, juuuci, iK. --, i.wwif w, -vv,., , v,..v-., v.me before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I vnllgladly send my wagons for junk to.any part of the city or county. iMAX MUNICK,East Tcnn. Phone 374. Eighth St., Paris. Ky(22oet-lmo)mmlwibhseA.iSrS V5&Don't Forget Great Clearance EnlP Fp-w Opivc T.rmcrfTf asr-ssj6-Greatest Bargains you ever heard of in Ham- ptburgs, Whitegoods, Laces, Percales, ,DressgocdsJSilks, Cottons and Calicos. 5$SpeciaS SuIfetin500 pairs Ladies'white foot hose 8 1-3c pair. $$Bis: bargains in Ladies and Misses Suits, $3Skirts, Coats, Shoes and Millinery. jjjfTWIM BROS., 1Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and Main jgprParis, KentuckyStill Going On!Don't Forget theCashRaisin? SalIs Still Going on atft322Ttitih "Rinfii-.l.ffjMrcciJkS'SClothing and Shoe Department.HaMiiTion's Old Stand.VV OTM 1W MlItMHlMilMliiliniVIWlUHll HUN WSYoung Mrs. Hurdcnburgb vas arreature of impulse. She was not onlyswayed by impulse, but would takethe most important steps without realising what she was doing. Decisionsthat another would only make afterlong deliberation she would make onthe instant.Nevertheless Mrs. nardenburgh wasi dear little woman, kind Wearted, lovlble and popular with all who knewher. The only trait that interferedwith her getting on with all the worldwas that if told anything to one's disadvantage she would not stop to question the truth of the information, butproceed at ouce to strike the culprit'sname off her list.Now, there are persons in the worldwho think nothing of making troublebetween other persons, even to themembers of families. A woman oneday gave Mrs. Hardenburgh information about her husband's doings whichif true would have marked him for avery dishonorable and contemptibleperson. The informer had got thenews from another, Avho had got itfrom some one else. Her ground fortelling Mrs. Hardenburgh of it wasthat she thought she ought to knowit. It did not occur to the talebearer that it might not be true, andif it were true it was just the thingof all others the guilty man's wifeshould not know. Nevertheless theabove named reason is the universalexcuse of those persons who carrysuch information.Mrs. Ilardenburgh was thrown intohysterics by the story and. instead ofgiving her husband an opportunity todefend himself of the charge, ranaway to her mother as fast as shecould go. Being an only child, hermother was used to humoring her andon this occasion gave her unboundedsyinpathj'. Whether the good ladydoubted the truth of the story and intended later to pave the way to a reconciliation does not appear. For thetime being she comforted her child asbest she could. "When the latter hadrecovered her equanimity her mothersuggested that she send her husbandthe reasons for her flight. The youngwife did .so, sprinkling her note withsuch words as "perfidious," "disgraceful," "iniquitous," and the like.When Ilardenburgh returned homein the evening and found the letter,instead of running right around to hiswife to explain matters he sat downto think. It was certainly not pleasing that he had married a wife who,when a firebrand was thrown into thefamily, instead of picking it up andtossing it back at the thrower hadproceeded to set the house afire withit. If he were going to live with hiswife it was certainly necessary thathe eliminate this trait in her, and ifhe could not eliminate it it was perhaps better that they should remainapart.lie had for some time meditatedgoing to a distant city to settle a longstanding matter of business but hadput the trip off from time to time onaccount of having just been married.Within an limit after his return toi his home lie had auuui'.nced to theervI ants that he was goin . away and st.irli ed for the railway staii-Mi.j The young wife meai.w hile was pass! ing through the transi'ron common toall persons who act hastily V. lien she' had been somewhat calmed her motherventured to suggest thai :he charget might not be true. To ihis the daugh' ter responded that tht' informer hadj no object in giving false informationI and had done it only si are she thoughtj the wife ought to know it. Neverthe' less Mrs. Ilardenburgh began o be! worried. She noted the hour that herhusband usually returned home andgave him time to come to her. Afterseveral hours had elapsed and Mr. Ilardenburgh did not appear she could notconceal her trepidation. She gave hermother as a reason for it that shefeared something might have happenedto him.When 10 o'clock caiue and there wasno news from the culprit husband thebutler was sent to the house to reconnoiter. lie returned reporting that Mr.ilardenburgh had gone away.The result of this information whichMrs. nardenburgh's friend "thoughtshe ought to know" opened with themost frightful night the young wifeever spent. From her previous condemnation of her husband she swungto the other extreme, and it rushedupon her with overpowering force thatthe really good .man who had married her could not possibly have beenguilty of any such conduct as had beenimputed to him. After a sleepless nightshe went home, hoping to learn something of her husband's movements.She was disappointed. The servantsonly knew that he had gone away thenight before. The disconsolate wifewent to her husband's ofiice, but elk-it-idno information there.And now' Mrs.' Ilardenburgh bethought herself to make inquiries ofthe informer as to where she got theInformation. The dear woman w ho hadso great an interest in, her friend'-, affairs said that she had "heard it ascoining from" And Mrs. Harder.burgh's investigations never got an.further than "as coming from."After two weeks' absence Mr. JJardenbnrgh returned to find his wifewaiting for him. a very penitent worn- ,an. not likely to make the same mistake again. jStr.angeto say, the young wife, after iall did not appreciate having heardwhat she ought to know and does notspeak to the informer.Motor Too Quiet-Arrested:tiThe 1911 season has unquestionably accomplished much inthe way of quiet running" motors. An unusual and ratheramusing incident of this was recently given in Los Angeles.J. B. Morrow, who owns an Inter-Staie, left the car alongsidethe sidewalk, thinking he had shut off the motor. A shortcircuit, however, kept the engine running, but so quietly thatMorrow did not detect -it. A number of the Los Angeles policeforce coming up the sidewalk also thought the motor dead, andin order to grab a moments repose leaned up against the car'shood. He then detected a slight vibration, made investigationand found the motor running most industriously. He arrestedMorrow for leaving the engine running for over a half hour onthe street. From the San Francisco Bulletin.Bourbon Garage and Supply Co.Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association Thinkof it. How the merit of a good thingstands out in that time or the worthlessness of a bad thing. So there isno guesswork in this evidence of ThosAriss, of Concord, Mich., who writes:"I have used Dr. King's Few Discovery for thirt' years, and it is the bestcough and cold cure I ever used.''Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It is the most in-! fallible throat and lung medicine onj earth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy or sorei lungs. Price 50 cents and $1.00'Trial bottle free. Guaranteed byOberdorfer.CflTHBBH!Cured by the Marvel of IheCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years. iHawking, spitting, foul breath, dis-jcharges of j ellow matter permanent-!ly cured with pure botanical ingred-lient'?. To prove it wo will send yon aS A M 1 L IS T R E A T M EN T FREE ,('atari h is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decay Iof bones, kill-' ambition, often causeslohh ol appetite, and reaches to gen-'eral debility, idiocr and insanity. Jtneeds attention at once. Cure it bvtaking ttotaric Blo-d Balm (B. K li'.)It is a quick, radical, permanent'cine because it lids the system of the,poi.son germs that cause catarrh. At1the same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purities the blood, does awuy with'every sympthom of catarrh, li. Ii. B.sends a tingling Hood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poifcon, gi.ing warmth, andstrength just wheie it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms'.Druggists or by exsre'sss, $1 per largebottle, with directions for In me cure.Samples sent free by vVitina: BloodBylm Co,, Atlanta,' C.a. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & i-"on.WE SELL ftAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FORAmatiteOld King ColeVas a merry old soul,A merry old soul was he.If alive to-day heWould burn our coalAnd even merrier be.Burn Our Coal and BeMerry.Roofing. .JJTEMPLilN LUMBER CO.-8Prayer Unanswered.It had been reining all clay and little Mark, shut up in the house, was ,anxious to set out and play. Hismother, in another room, thoughtthat she heard him talking, and presently inquired to whom."I was talking to Clod, mamma." the ,rfcild replied. "I asked II hn to makeit stop raining so I could go outdoors. !but I don't think lie was very p'liteabout it. Ho never let on that Ho 'heaid me at all!"$ tfMMBEnEBS &SMSBU9I5 ! tflEXTRAORDINARY IBesides Our Regular Stock of High-ClassJ& o 3XT XT JLE ES IKT 3? srWe are ottering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of tht best grade of materials, guaranteed in ever particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and liasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quarie.i. The other is thestocic of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest btockof marble and ranite monuments in the State and the bet weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.m. Jldams & Son$l IN. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both PhonesH3559HSSKglies 1ST0VESjf Wt' aiv Stiil SellinS the Same Lint Xone Better ThanEndures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages, ft is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.lOllUAnd Certainly None Cheapen.See u for Hardware, Eoofing, Pumbs, hand-maderiveted'StOTe Pipe aiftl all kinds of Cooking UtensiaK.Ciive Me a TKaLrKing Keclmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky.i"' -'- --U ,.-. 5vV.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, 'FEB; 17, 19117-AUCTIONMONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1911We will sell the "Old Wariield"V to 25 acres, as shown below,want. Easy terms.AT 11:00 O'CLOCK A. M.Farm on the Paris & Clintonville pike, consisting of 138 ACRES,Now is your chance to buy what you have wanted for years.in tracts f re mAny size suburban farm youiIa L -1 t ;: ' 1I too J y , - - j I' I ui i-liiA fire's ' I- powers. Fa.iV Grounds. ,,h - i -. zr-iI J L - ' 'Le.mnlg8; ..,.,n.nn..,...l.,lll.lllIMllll.lHm.lllllMIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIMIllll(lll1lllll'llllllllllllllTllllltllllWlnwwiTiirrr-rrm nsrI if ifintyntiif 1 1 ritf if riTnniffffffffffiffffrirfffifiriinfllffifiIllIHHi:illl I I U lllumuillilllillllillliiiiliiiliiimiluiiiiMi'""i""'"'" InterUrMPf Ha-il wa.lSSSBP&fVIVSV iik. ris r' HJ,,ta1 ""TRACT No. 12 lots fronting 105 feet each on pike extending back to L. & N. P.. E.TRACT No. 2 Contains 2 63-100 acres.TRACT No. 3 Contains 3 13-100 acres.TRACT No. 4-Contains 4 63-100 acres.TRACT No. 5 Contains 5 63-100 acres.TRACT No. 6-Contains 6 58-100 acres.TRACT No. 7 Contains 7 50-100 acres.Tracts Nos. 8, 9, 10 and 11 will be'sold first as 25 acres (more or less) and then as a whole.TERMS-EASY.Go out and pick out the tract you want, and don't forget the date Monday, Feb. 20, at 11 a. m.For further information apply toem a -. fa. -t Sv mm mm SI mm mm 4Sv mm m 4Sk em -m-a. - at at a mmI HARRIS & speakes, Pans, or A. li. MORGAN, Lexington. IEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon Count3r Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, LittleT RockRuddles Mills.and"When!you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."youHave Yon AnyMantle Troubles?I BLOCK MERLIN f JWorking Power of Man.working power of an able-bodiedis about one-tenth that of aOnly a Temporary Advantage.T: e gift of good looks Is of suchpriirary advantage to every man, thatit E2ems a wonder how ugly peoplemanage so frequently to excel thosewho have it in the battle of life.Payne.Actor's Monotonous Life."The life of a dramatic or operaticEtar is after all very monotonous," observes a dramatic and musical criticCertainly it seems to have been in anumber of cases just one marriageafter another. Richmond NewsLeader.Prtaine Pumpkin Pie Record.Mrs. G. E. Huntington of Churchstreet. Gardiner, comes forward with arecord bake of pies made from onepuirpkin, claiming to "have made 27Iare sized pies from one pumpkinpurchased of Isaiah Smith of Farmingdale. Lewiston Journal.Sample Htfes 4Frail WmmHermit's Pathetic Death.Robert Roberts, who for years livedas a hermit in a cottage made hv him-1 what it will do in vour own eaself of rough stones, near Garn. Car- " TV"Ci,re you' as lt dm them- thera "Dr. Caldwell Dersonallv will he. nlwrn-dto prive you any mediral advice you maySo many -women are draggiarweary lives just because their digestive organs are weak; The resklt itpoor circulation, nervousness and Xhverge of invalidism. It is oftem Ttijrunnecessary and the woman's owmfault. ,The first thing to do Is to look f tbwelfare of your bowels. There tfce treable usually lies. All physiciaae kaothat a large percentage of woMt mthabitually constipated, and from tMe tisuits indigestion, piles, weariness. tc.,that women constantly complalm ed3ut there is no use taking "feraale ressedles and things of that kind untH yohave started your bowels to mwinx.You will find that when the bowels sunregularly once or twice a day all yoarpetty ills will disappear. Take a sjeesVmild laxative tonic like Dr. Caldweft'Syrup Pepsin for awhile and you wfind yourself rapidly getting better aastronger, your bowels will regulate tkeaselves and work at stated times, ansthen your headaches and dizziness waldisappear. Don't take strong catharticpills or salts, but just such a mild ampleasant-tasting remedy as Dr. Caldwell'aSyrup Pepsin.You can obtain a bottle of your 4rue'ft for fifty cents or one dollar, aasleither size may be enough to permanently cure you. Thousands of woroeakeep It regularly In the house and wOlno longer be without it. as it cured themand can be used with safety by everymember of the family, down to thayoungest child, but if you hare nererused it take the advice of Mrs. Earl 3.Cox. 403 Twentv-fifth street. Moline, in.and Mrs. Ellen Duncan. Muncie, Ind.. andsond to Dr. Caldwell for a free trial bottle, as thV did and learn few wnrtJfThatnavonshlre, Wales, fell into his opencamp Qre and was burned to death,one day recently, his sole companion,a dog, barking frantically until passers-byfound the body.Fish All Sent to Capital.Havre is the most important fishingport in France, yet fish costs consumers more there than in the capital, 1 ecause every catch that come3in is sent to Paris at once, leaving ascarcity of supply in the fishing portIleeir. In five years the price of fishin Havre has increased 50 per cent.England's Bank Holidays.Roxing day, as the day after Christmas is called, is one of the six bankholidays of the year, the legal holidays in England being Good Friday,Easter Monday, Whit Monday, thefirst Monday in August, Christmasday and December 26, or (if Christmas day fall on a Saturday), December 27.Cultivate Contentment.It is worth while to appreciatewhat you have. Crickets in the garden or a pair of crickets on thehearth are. in Italy, a luxury. Menused to go up and dovr the streetsselling them to the owners of fancyvillas and gardens. Here they singthoir pleasant song to unheeding ear3.for the most pay.desire for yourself or family pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case In aletter and he will reply to you in detail.For the free sample simply send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.50O Caldwell building, Monticello, 111.When You're Vatched.When you drift along with thestream nobody pays any attention to,you. When you buck against the tideeverybody watches you.NOTICE.W. H. Lucas, who was convicted atmanslaughter in -the Circuit Court ofBourbon County at the November,19l9, term of said court will ask theGovernor for pardon, and all who object vill notify the Governor, andstate in writing ans objection.J. J. WILLIAMS. Attorneyfor VV. H. Lucaa.Maine Out-of-Docr Sleepers.Sleeping out of doors is a prevailinghabit among Skowhegan people. Aboutfifty people, winter and summer, sleepin the open, some having only a piazza to sleep under and others are building sleeping perches. This habit isnot among sick people entirely, butpeople who are apparently well. Portland Press.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescript i ons.pure drugs andp r omp ts er vice.Harden 5 Son.Druggistmm MUJt.sEsssMANTLETroubles nrnOrPATENTED-RECISTEREDInncrlins outlast six ordinary mantles. Will save 75 on your mantle cxnenac. TWO CGLT."GAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE, 25 CENTS. pense. w -w .. i..GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covrrs from 12 Blo-Vy-tal-tyMantles the best 10 and 15-cent grade of mandes sold lake them to your deale-, csend them to us, and get a Block Innerlin Lined Mantle free.For sale at Hardware. China, Plumbing, DniR. Grocery, and Deprtsicnt Z'.Tcz. Dcalc:write for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO.,(SoieHfr3.)Youngstown,GL:,Headquarters for Incandescent Mantles, Burners and Supplies of everydescription, Gas, Gasoline, Keroseac, High Pressure, etcescci:GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALHEB.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 899.A Fire Fighter's Astounding StoryDFTBEUNPMUELED MERITS OF "RKOODINEHARRY A. 6LAZS1ftENGINE "WHICH MR. GLAZIER KUN3.Signs of Danger.Bactache, dizziness and headache, "specksbefore the eyes," irregular heart action andliver trouble. The severity of the earlysymptoms dependinjr upon the amount ofpoisons -which the kidneys have allowed toremain in the system.SYMPTOMS.Aching Pain Over Hips, Backache, Sadixnent or Deposit in Urine, Irritation of thaBladder Pain In Urinating, Rheumatism(arlo sold in blood). Sudden Stopsage ofUrine, Highly Colored or Milky "WhiteUrine, Pass Blood or Mucus In Urlno, Retcmtlon ot Urine, Straining After Urinating,Thick or Sluggish Urine, Stone in theBladder, Cyatius (Inflammation of Bladdsr), Catarrh of Bladder or Bowels, PuffSness Under Byes. Voracious Appetite,Thirst, Gall Stone. Gravel, Pain In Uretha.Swollen Ankles, Dimmed Vision. SpecksBefore the Eyes, Scanty Urine. FrequentCalls, Month Dry, Bllllousnese, Dribbling,Iinmbaro, Weakness. Zioss ot Flesh, Irreg-tii-Tlaaart Action. Ulceration ot the Bladder. Skin Pale. Waxy and Dry, Bad Odorof Perspiration.SIMPLE TEST FOR KIDIEY DISEASE.Fill a bottle with urine; let It stand fortwelve hours ; if there is a sediment or cloudiness of any kind you have kidney or bladdertrouble, and you should commence takingBloodine to-day. Dont wait until the diseaseis too far advanced.Bloodine co3ts 50c a bottle for the nasal x.oo sbcMail orders filled. Large sample bottle by mail inc.A Prominent FxreiHaldcn, Mass.Mar.lASt wintersevere cold and it settleon my Kidneys, causisgtthe most excruciating)pain almost crery time sattempted to move ; I kaditried evreything imagia-4able to get relief, with bohsuccess, unm x was aojvised to try Bloodine." which to my greatsurprise, gave me reliet almost trom the arsedose, and before I had taken one bottle I wastcompletely cured. " Bloodine 13 a wondenaivitalizing tonic. If the blood is impure, complexion bad. appetite lost, strength gone. aadrthe whole system Is upset by an accumulatiofLiof humors, it is time to try "Bloodine " todayj4Bleodtae Curtd Hemorrhage of tas KieesyxJMirshfisld, Vt., Sept. 3, 1994.'Tine Blooding Co., Boston, Mass. 4Gentlemen : I received one of yoar books, yasterday. 1 have been a great sufferer for takty-tBrsevweeks, paasm? bloody water, have been to tee hos-jpital, have hid four different doctors. They calleeVit most evemhinr, and I cot no better. Please aeaeVme a sample bottle of your Bloodine for which 1 1close ten cents in stamps to pay tor sane, it tc 1do me anv rood I will take it the rest of my life.Signed, MRS. OCTAVIA . CARFE1HMarshfield. Vt., StpL if, 1Tkk Blcodiv Co.. Boston. Mass.Gentlemen : I receired your trial sortie of BleaeVinc. JLiw was not caougn 10 ao itraca or wk, ter 1rm very bad and weak, pauiag quite a lot ot buNow, if you think that Bloodine will help me, 'mar send ne one dollar's worth. I tkialc br 1Una I take that I can tell if it will do me any xeod.Sism-d. MRS. OCTAVIA . CARPNTK:MAKsansLo, Vr., Oct as, i5"4Tks BtoomwB Co , Boston. Mass.Dear Sirs : Please send xae six bottles of MiWjlae. It has dose me a world of good; it has stoypeCthe hemorrhages; sad I am fechag meek better. WRespectfally. 1SigMi, MRS. OCTAVIA E. CARPZNTKaVWe will forfeklLaeeiftlwenziaalaeftlMletters, prsvmg reauiaea-w, caaaot be predwctABloodinefefiri Cotutipaiiea, Skk Headache aad3iThe East Tennessee Telephone Co.lioacaem. 2m CTs). A NX,IncorporatedW. T. Bro k, AgcnvVjliftfM,.."-anT.'it.-gi -THE .BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, OErnVCKY; vtytffrI io -;.1: t1MILLEKSMJRG ITEMf $,Mr. E. P. Clark is out again.Miss M. B. Clark was in LexingtonTuesday.Mrs. M. R. Collier, who has beenquite sick, is some better.Mrs. VV. G. Dailey is imprvoing nicely.Mrs. Elizabeth-about the same.Dodson continuesMrs. F. M. Vimont is able to begain.311 1Mr. Claude Dailey, who has' beenconfined to his home for a week, is outagain.Mr. and Mrs. S. R. Allen left Tuesday for a visit to her mother, Mrs.Ewing, at Owingsville.Miss Lucy Mason.Jof Maysville, andMrs. Belle Cooper, of Helena, areguests of Mrs. J' M.JMason.Miss Jennie Schnelle, of Maysvillearrived Wednesday as the guest of heraunt Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt.Mihs Callie Lee MeNamara returnedTuesday after several days' visit torelatives in Paris.Misses Martha Smith and Margaret . Miss Belle Taylor Judy left TuesdayPeterson are among the sick.Miss Jennie Marie Pepper is able'be about the rcom a little.toWatch the bargain window at Mock'siurniture store. 17 4tMr. F. F. Hurst was in Cincinnation business Wednesday and Thrusday.Miss Frances Burrow entertained-with a Valentine party Tuesday night.Mr. O. M. Johnson and Mr. if. C.Carpenter were in Lexington Tuesday.Mrs.S.ror a short visit to her aunt,Thoma3 Pickrell, of Carlisle.Mendames J. B. Cray and W.Judy lett Tuesday for a few days' visit to their brother. Mr. Earl Current,and family at Lexington.Mr. G. Si. Allen and his sister, Mrs.Frankie Cook, left Tuesday for a shortvisit tojtheir brother, Mr. J. K. Allen,and family at Winchester.Mr. D. C. Clarjt, of Louivsille, wasthe guest of his brother and sister.Mr. D. E. Clark and Mrs. A. T. Moff-ett, Tuesday and Wednesday.Dr. F. A. Herbert, Mr. J. B. Crayand others from here attended thfuneral of Mr. Orlando Brady at Carlisle Thursday afternoon. vMrs. R. L. Buflington, of Huntington, W. Va., was the gueat Wednesdayand Thursday of Dr. W. M. Miller andfamily.Mr. Earl Peterson rand Miss MariaSmith attended the dance given by Mr.and Mrs. Roy Turner near Paris Tuesday night.The pupils in music and expression ofthe M. F. C.,;will give a recital thisevening in the college chapel beginning at 7:30. All friends and patrons ofthe institution are cordially invited.See my handsome line ci souvenirspoons, of both colleges, hand enrgaved. 14 4t AARON McCONNELL.Col. Geo. W. Bain will give a lecturehere on the evening of March 21, under the auspices of the Missionary Society cf the Methodist chruch. Seefruther particurals later and don't forget the date.We want news for the BourbonNews. We want it fresh. Those hav-Every body Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So hey keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your ovn come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Coors and Interior Trim, such asSoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Lumber & MPf 'q Company,PARIS, KY.Yard at Office,15th and Main Sts.IncorporatedBAR C0HEM.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.reduction:mThis Week on All DiscontinuedShoe Lines.all1We have gone through our stock and selecteddiscontinued lines and broken sizes, all this season'sstyles, in Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes,Which We Will Place on Sale ThisWeek at Great Reductions.This Sale includes a big lot of high-grade Ladies' TanShoes at Cut Prices.JDAN COHEN3rS6 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNin? news itents for. publication willplease call me Home phone 82 or Iemvesame at postoftice or Bourbon HomeTelephone Exchange.R. M. CALDWELL, Correspondent uCompany A., of the little MissionBand of the Christian church, will givea tax party Saturday evening at thehome of Elder and Mrs. F.h W. Troy'from 7:30 till 10 o'clock. The tax willnot exceed 3"i cents. Public cordiallyinvited. 2tAll daily papers can be secured hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AaronMcConnell. Don't fail to call therewhen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HomeJournal.3 4t R. M. UALDWELL, Agent.The following from here attendedthe Thompson-Haley wedding at Clintonville Wednesday night: Prof. C.C. Fisher and dauehter. Miss Ethel.Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson, Mr. Macbrimes and Miss Alfie Ball, Mr. AlexMiller and Miss Ethel Johnson Messrs.James Miller and George Reynolds.Captain Howard Freas, of the M. M.I., received a telegram Tuesday mornin announcing the death of his father.Dr. Freas, of Baltimore, Md., of hearttrouble Dr. Freas had a severe attack of heart trouble accompanied byacute indigestion about two weeksago. He had gotten over this and wasthought to be in fairly good condition.Capt. Freas and his brother, Richard,who is a student at M. M. 1. left onthe noon train Tuesday by way ofMaysville for the stricken home atLJaltimure.The Bourbon News is off ring flattreing inducements from now until thefirst of March to the readers. This isa splendid opportunity to get yourcounty paper in connection with something else at exceedingly low rates.Don't fail to read the following: TheKentucky Farmer and Bnurbon Newsone year for $2.00; The daiJy CourierJournal, except Sunday, four months,and the Bourbon News one year forS2.25; the daily Courier Journal, except Sunday, eight months, tnd Bourbon News one year S3. 00. Leave yourorders with24 8t R. M. CALDWELL, Agent.Mr. .1. M. Caldwell, who is in Albyrta Province, Canado, has disposed ofthe remainder of the eight hundred andfifty-eight acres purchased in that ssction about a year ago, according to tl eannouncement that reached Miller"burg yesterday." Postmaster U. S. G.Pepper received a card from Mr. Caluwell to that effect, and the sale of theremaining tract was made at a pnr-dfigure. He will give possession December 1. 1911, which will give himthe benefit of the crops of the presentseason. The sale ot 533 acres of thetract was made at a price rangingfrom S56 to $70 per acre and 320 acresat from $90 to $100. Mr. Caldwellwill, it is estimated, clear in theneighborhood of $75,000-on the transaction involving the disposition ot theland. He hopes-to he able to returnto Kentucky in the fall.RELIGIOUS.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inhis pulpit at the Christian church Sunday morning and evening at the usualhours.Rev. J. M. Maxnn will be in hispulpit at the Epicsopal church Sundaymorning at 10 :4u and afternoon at 4o'clock.Dr. B M. rAdan:s, of Frankfort,will be in the pulpit at the Baptistchurch Sunuay morning at 10 :45 andevening at seven o'clock.Maybe They Know Nc Better.Y.'hy shouid any one who can afford$20,000 a year for an apartment wantto live in one?PUBLIC SALEHer Savings Bank.During a furious storm in Paris aJanitor was struck on the shoulderby a small but heavy tin box whichhad fallen from an upper story of ahouse in the Rue I'Quest The boxwas found to contain $6,000 in goldand notes. It was claimed at the police station by an elderly woman, whosaid that the money constituted herentire savings, which she had hiddenby tying the box to the drain-pipe outside her window.LOST.Sunbuist pin, 54 pearls and solitairediamond in center, between Fifteenthstreet and Mrs. Paton's hair s'ore.Keward if returned to the BourbonNews office.GOOD NEWSMany Paris Readers Have HeardIt and Profited Thereby.H "Good news travels fast," and thethousands of bad back sufferers inParis are glad to learn that prompt irelief is within their reach. Many ahme, weak and aching back is bad nomore, thanks to Doan's Kidney Pills.Thousands upon thousands of peopleare telling of the good news of theirepxerience with the Old Quaker Kemedy. Here is an example worth reading: Mrs. Mary Witzhurger, W. Mamstreet, Carlisle, Ky., says: "I canrecommend Doan's Kidney Pills highly. My kidneys were out of order foryears, causing my back to ache severely. There was a soreness through myhips and loins and I also had troublefrom the kidney secretions. Doan'sKidney Pills brought me prompt relief. 1 might add that another member of my family also used them forweak kidneys and was helped in a likemaimer. I am fully convinced thatDoan's Kidney Pills are the best remedy to be had for kidney complaint."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milkurn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for .the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other. 'LIVESTOCKSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1911,At Millersburg, Ky.60 head of broke mules;20 head of broke horses:30 Jersey cows;100 head of cattle;100 head of sheep;100 head of cattle shoats.VyrSiTSiSi118116151161" without reserve or by-bid onSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25th, at 10 a. m rain or shine, mules,horses, cattle, hogs and sheep.Mules from 2 to 7 years old, among them some good enough for anybody.luostiy mares and some as good young teams as grow. The horses drivers,f?eVho"Son?Ub?' Anextralofcof &o5d young Jersey cows, . all either?2nh3?iL0f P0? V000.0 J00 Pund steers- 50 head of good yearling cattle.100 sheep due to lamb m March. 100 shoats from 60 to 100 pounds. 15 broodtonn&Fmh' WaSn Plows, grass rake, mower and a fullTerms Reasonable; Dinner for all.LETTON VIMONT,W. D. MclINTIRE.GEO. D. SPEAKES, CHAS. PETERS, Auctioneers.it Is AlwaysA Jay BirdLOOANDA 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a rovallr bred stallion. Fastestfaon of the mighty Allerton 2:0U. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcvono, sire of McKinnev-:lUj. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:15 ; was thechampion racing stallion of 1904-1905; three-vear-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:074; six-vear-old record 2:03f:seven-year-old record 2 :03n4 ; eight-year-old record 2 :02.$50 FOR A LIVING FOALORAB 36915, Trial 2. 1 a, TrottingwM?vn 5,reS16 hn?ls ni"gh sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronJfe2;?' namfn5S? 2:Kby L Ambassador 2:21fc. grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, Kentucky?li-i SHIRE & FITHIAN'SJXnnual Clearance SaleOFLeather Bags, Umbrellas, China,Brass and Bric-a-BracBEGINSI Friday, Feb. 1 0th.Great Reductions.All Cut Prices Positively Cash.Don't Miss This Sale.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,a me nonip nt- i ina htw"Both Phones. ft..wNow Is The Time To Straighten IYour Poultry Yard and Fence.We have the Wire, light and heavy,from 12 inches to 72 inches high andthe price is less than ever before.Also the best farm fencing, the onewith the stay that can't slip, at 2c aless than heretofore.China Nest Eggs 20c doz.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky.,r-sr-,