THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARv-VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1911.V:aV$i" iStore ClosedMonday, October 2,on account ofJEWISH HOLIDAYOpen Tuesday morningas' usualSimon Department StoreLJSJrtI We Save You Money! fAs We Sell For Cash OnlysISsftysftftStandard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs SI. 00Pure Hog Lard, per lb ' 12 l-2cWhite Bacon, per lb - 10cFat Bacon, per lb 12cBreakfast Bacon in the piece,per lb , 20cLenox Soap, 3 bars10cLenox Soap, 8 bars '' 25cLenox Soap, 17 bars ' 50cWftftftSection Crew See ForemanKilled. TIn full view of the men he was incharge of, John McCarthy, a sectionforeman was struck by fast Louisville& Nashville freight No. 42 at iLscondida, about four miles south of hereabout 11 :20 o'clock Tuesday morningand as a result of his injuries he dieda few minutes later without regainingconsciousness.McCarthy, who was aged aboutthirty-eight years, had been in -theemploy of the railroad company forseveral year&. Tuesday morning hewas engaged withiiis crew of workmen at Escondida repairing the track-at that point. He was seated on thetrack and it is supposed fell asleep.The members of the crew think fng hewould get out of the way of the fastapproaching train, did not realize thisuntil the train wtas upon him. Theother men stepped aside when thepilot of the engine struck McCarthy,hurling him a distance of fifteen feetto the other side of the track.The heavy train, which was goingat a rapid rate of speed down a steepgrade was brought to a stop a shortdistance from the scene and the unfortunate man was picked up and putaboard. He was still breathing whenput on the train but died before reaching Paris. xThe remains of the dead man weretaken to the undertaking establishment of Geo. W. Davis to await theCoroner's inquest and where they wereprepared for burial.Both legs were broken between theknee ard the ankle and the bone ofthe right leg was .portruding throughthe flesh. His left thigh was alsofractured and the left arm broken between the elbow and wrist. Just abovethe right temple the scalp was cut.He was bruised about the head andbody and the face was badly abraded.In the clothing of the dead man wasfound fifty-three dollars and fiftycents, a number of keys and a goldvatch. The crystal of the timepiecewas broken and the watch stopped at11 :20 which denoted the exact timethe unfortunate man was struck bythe train.McCarthy was a brother of EngineerJ. J. McCarthy, of the L. & N. andboarded with his sister, Mrs. FrankLenox, at the corner of Thirteenthand High streets where the body wastaken after being prepared for burial.Besides the sifter and brother residing in this citj, McCarthy is survivedby another sisttr, Mrs Ed Haynes, ofCovington, and three brothers, Fred,of Poindexter, Charles, of Richmond,and Michael McCarthy, of Cincinnati.The remains were taken to Cynthiana yesterday on th3 early morningtrain, and the funeral was held at theSt. Edward Catholic church, the Rev.Father Georce A. Healer, officiatingEdwaru at cemetery.66WE KNOW.jV-IMOW" IRED GOOSESWhat is the RED GOOSE? It is a boy's shoethat will never wear out, and will keep his feet drygoing to school this winter. Our Boys' ClothingDepartment is filled with this special line of Shoes,which we have bought so you won't have to buynew shoes every two months. Take a look at ourwindow and remember the Red Goose.BOYS' CLOTHING "wjjjgfggyyfgBfyyfagl cin alljthe new colors, single breasted and doublebreasted coats, Knickerbocker pants, made withouble seat and knees.Everything For Boysyou can find at our store, as we are the only store in town that has ajspecial de"pariment for little fellows.Boys, Come in and Ask About the Red GooseBanks in the Window.Mitchell & Blakemore,Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.To Issue SemiWeekly.Al'gO Starch, 3 boxes . J-UC f ft j The nurial took place at St.Blueing, 2 boxes 5cThe best Gun Powder Tea, .per .lb . . - 75cGood Quality Gun Powder Tea, per 'Id--. -V. 50cPreserving Pears, per bu., .$1.00BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityYou Have Tried the Rest, NowTry the BestBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack T. . . . 2.55WtMfiThomason is displaying considerableIOutfitters to MenParis,5KentuckyM$$$Beginning October 1 the GeorgetownNews, heretofore a weekly paper, willbe issued semi-weely. A new linotypemachine has been nurchased and willI ho inctollorl npvh wppU. PnhlisherMf ' enterprise and will no doubt put theklj XCWO 111 LUG 11UI1I. laun. "Jin wnv u..i...V I weeklies of the State.Save Your Poultry.Why lose your poultry from diseasewhen a few doses of 4-11-44 will savethem.2t VARDEN & SON.EiaiilllMIIIIIIII.!IIIIIllU!lllllllllinilllllillllllllllllllMIMIIMlIIMrillllllllllllllllilllllllllIIII)'IIM!lllll!llllllllllllllllllHw IT. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,WfastTJ - . . . r . . r. ..- .fc. .h. z&mk!.15Zt,&LmmistevvMtm$Mm$&fAmxmBoys Clothing!mmWe Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50to$10.00in-alfthe latest colors and stylesSJ&McPythians Elect Officers.The two days' session of the" Kentucky Grand Lodge, Knights of Pythias, came to a close at Lexington Wednesday at noon with the selection ofthe following officers for the ensuingvear :H. A. Schobreth, Versailles, GrandChancellor: George C. Carter, Covington, Grand Vice Chancellor; H. L.McLean? VVilmore, Grand Prelate; B.VV. Carter, Lexington, Grand Keeperof.Records and Seals; B. P. Eubank,Bowling Green, Grand Master of Exchequer; R. A. Young, Ewing, GrandIner Guard; L. P.. Davis, Hopkinsville, Grand Outer Guarc1.Opening October 5.Our fall and winter opening of millinery will 1 be held on October 5. Th1opening this fall will be held a littlelater than usual on account of the verynewest things in hats cannot be obtained from the wholesale houses anyearlier. Wait and see the real newstvles.2t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.FRANK & GOThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Cordially Invite YouTo Call and Inspect Their Beautifuland Extensive Display ofReady-to-Wear GarmentsforLadies, Misses and Childrenmm$Ijj Boys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse'Waists.mmi'!l,IW ! K.W!rii5fcjraL7WVGIVE US A CALL 'Price & Co.,Clothiers.mmmmmmimmSeeking New Road.There promises to be a lively competition between Winchester and Mt.Sterling for the proposed extensionwhich the Louisville & Nashville company is said to contemplate buildingfrom Paris to reach the extensive coalfields of Eastern Kentucky. Two lineshave been surveyed, one taking up theoriginal route of the Kentucky Midland, runnine through Little Rock andNo'rth Middlefcown, this county, intothe mountains, first taping the Chesapeake & Ohio at or near Mt.' Sterling.The citizens of that city are puttingforth erery endeavor to secure, thisline. The other line runs from Paristhrough to the Clark county line, thencethrough Winchester to Indian Fields,and on into the mountains to Irvine,connecting there with the Louisville AsAtlantic road, which is now a part ofthe Louisville & Nashville system.The Winchester Commercial Club hastaken the matter up and has gone towork in a vigorous manner to inducathe railroad people to adopt the Winchester survey. Report has it thatboth lines will be built.i-COAT SUITS In all the newest materials and latest colors andcombinations. The styles are fashions popular selection forFall and Winter wear.CLOAK5 With the new large collar and revers in two color combinations, also with plaid back.STREET DRESSES These one-piece Serge, Velvet and MessalineDreses bid fair to be more popular than ever. They aremore attractive in style and materials and are very serviceable. SEPARATE SKIRTS In a large variety of styles, colors andmaterials.SEPARATE WAISTS--In Silks, ChiffonsJNets and a generousline of Plain and Emproidered Linen Waists.zz tSee Our Line of Suit Hats. They Can Not be Surpasseds1 ;;, . Frank & Co. 4,I Paris, - - Kentucky 1ni:n!!!!iminni iiiiinhui :i:iuiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiHiiiiiiiiiiu iiiiniiiiiiiiiiiirjiijJLJxiunHniiiiiuiiuiiMHJ'ncMLMriitdMHMicMm$$$3sii4ZtgXjt,r. ix-r-J- .- T.-T"' AJ' "" " ' ' 1" ,"1' '.' '1 1Bulldkigs covered over twenty years ago are as good as newand have never needed repairs. Fireproof Stormproof HandsomeInexpensive. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.IP1Bf ORIONALSTYreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.- Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.KOiiZ BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams Son,A2 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KZentiJLGkL"Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telepi one No. 4.BourbonBum i wzSkmHi iMrvlwBm ftLmParis,Xentucky,xg...fe..J LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities axe now agreed on this:DoEt imprison the disease germs layour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply."A true cure of all eczematoua diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A, compound of Oil ofTYVintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined In the D. D. D."Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerm and .destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas. ever done.A' 25-cent trial bottle will start thecare, and give you instant relief. .G. S. Yard en & Son.j Pathetic Cries of Quadrupeds.Coming 'to quadrupeds, the cries of"none approach more closely that ofsthe' human voice than those of sealswhen lamenting the loss of theiryoung. The cry of a wounded hareresembles that of a child In distress.THEand SUPERIORITYEn Workmanship are DisplayedIn Our Work." An individuality dlstinruisJies our Monuments from all otliers, while prices arewill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettincss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased wih ourlaundry work ttte rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstakii g work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,Recruits Wanted for Guards.That the United States is makingeveiy preparation for readiness in caseof war is shown by recnt communications from the Secretary of War tothe Adjutant General of Kentucky andit is thought by those in the militarydepartment of the State that theremav be something back of the orders.The Secretary of War recently instiucted the Adjutant General to getthe companies of the Kentucky National Guard recruited up to the full quotaand also issued an order regarding warrecruiting. This order provided thatin case tne Kentucky militia wasordered into active service one officerof each company should be left behind.This officer is to be known as a warrecruiting officer and his duty is totake enlistments.I It was said at the office of the Ad! jutant General Monday that the national government is getting tninga inshape so that much of the red taperow necessary in the mobilization oftroops can be dispensed with in case ofwar.'v Supreme Cant.Of all the cants which are cantedin this canting. world,. though the cantof hypocrites may be the worst thecant of criticism is the mest tormenting. Laurence Sterne.BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'EHONES, 124? -SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoifice aa Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and FridayONE YEAR,2.00.Payable inJames Making a Winning Fight.All doubt of Democratic success canbe dispelled by reading the newspaperreports of Ollie James' triumphantjourney through the State. Whereverhe has gone immense crowds havegreeted him, and the enthusiasm isgreater than has been aroused in yearsin any political campaign. This is notentirely due to Mr. James' magneticpersonality, although he is popularYith all classes. It is 'caused by thedesire of- the Democrats to show bytheir presence that they are going tosend to the United States Senate a manwho will vote exactly opposite to Senator Bradley. They recognize that onevote in the Senate may mean the control of that body, so closely are theparties divided. It was not necessaryfor Democratic speakers to raise National issues in this fight. The votersthemselves are asking questions aboutthe tariff and the trusts and they havemade this great issue a feature of thecampaign. All the efforts of JudgeO'Rear to confine this contest to Stitematters have only convinced them thatthe RepUDlican party wants to changethe subject because it cannot face thepeople on its record in Congress and!m the White House.4 The Legislators to be chosen in November will not only elect a Senatornext January, but nineteen of the StateSenators will hold over for two yearsand will vote for Bradley's successorin 1914. Kentucky has never engagedin a more far-reaching contest. Itconcerns a Governorship and all theState offices; two United States Senatorships, and will have an influenceon the election of a President nextyear. That is why Champ Clark,Speaker of the House, Oscar Underwood; the Floor Leader, Governor Marshall, of Indiana, Wiliam J. Bryan,and all the great National figures aretendering their support to the Kentucky Democrats. They know how vital it is to success in the nation thatKentucky should vote right this year.Eloquent as Ollie James is alwaysupon the stump, he ha revealed newpowers of oratory and logic in thiscapmaign. His speeches are doing aworld cf good for the party, andwhereveer he has appeared Democratic hopes have been brightened.Elect a Democrat. 'Nineteen hold-nver Senators, justone-half of that body are Democrats.They will be presided over by EdwardJ. McDermott, clean, capable andtrust-worthy. They can put into practical laws the reforms promised by theplatform. They are not only underpledge to their Iparty but the peoplewill hold them to strict account. Givethem a Governor of their own politicalfaith, and discord will vanish and theneeds of the State will be supplied.Judge "O'Rear in the executive office,with a Democratic Legislature wouldbe as helpless as a child. "Jim Garnetfs Popularity.Hon. James Garnett, Democraticnominee for Attorney General, is netonly one of the ablest lawyers inKentucky, but his popularity is co-extensivewith his acquaintance. It isconceded that he will get more Republican votes in the Eleventh Districtthan any man on the ticket. WhenJim Garnett's name is mentioned inAdair and adjoining counties, they donot think of him as a politician, butj'only as a loyal friend and neighborwhose talents are second to no man's,and whose character is of the highestHe began his speaking campaignlast week at Danville, and hi3 addresswas received with great favor, fle isclear, forceful and logical, and so fairis he even to his .political opponents,that those who hear him are convincedthat he is not of ;he average type ofman who seeks office. His ability as alawyer isf ucqugstionable. He willmake one of the greatest AttorneyGenerals Kentucky has' ever had.I :Wisdom for the Worker.Always give of the best that is Inyou. Feel responsibility towards yourself and your work. Never be content with a compromise with . work.Give an employer, the best that youhave in you to give.KENTUCKY, SEPT. 29,1911.XjLNO. 320 MAINVSTREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE-M. JAMES' ' of CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof MadisonXror Lieutenant Governor. E. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State Treasurer. THOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney-GenerakJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppcfalsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAY-Further Proof.Ityfurther proof of the fact that theDemocrats will.sweep the State can befound in Judge O'Rear's desperate appeal to the people of the Eleventh dis-1 trict to come to his aid. In a recentspeech in the mountains he urgedevery man to come to the polls and goto "the head of the creek" and bringhis friends with him. He said thatjTafc had carried the Eleventh Districtby 23,000 and that he expected to carry it by 35,000 that the vote was! there, and that it must be gotten out.Take the votes of other years and cal' culate also on the recent census figures, and It is impossible for the. Republican majority to exceed 25,000.I Anything beyond this figure wouldI mean the stuffing of ballot boxes, andthe addition of thousands of fraudulent votes.Heavy Increase in Coal Output,There was a notable activity inKentucky's coal mining in 1910 according to figures just made public by E.VV. Parker, of the United StatesGeological Survey.The total production of the Statewas 14,623,319 short tons : valued at$14,405,887, as against 10.697,917, in1909, a gain of 3,925,935 short tons, or36.7 per cent in quantity, and of$4,325,970, or 42 92 per cent, in value.The stoppage of work in the coalmines affected by the general strike of1910 was of material benefit to theoperators and miners in Kentucky,particularly in the Western field. During the six months of idleness in theother States the shipments over theLouisville and NashvilleRailroad fromthe Western Kentucky coal field increased nearly 70 per cent over thecorresponding period in 1909.Notwithstanding the extraordinarydemand upon the Kentucky mines, thelabor supply was entirely adequate, asmany of the miners who were thrpwnout of work by the strike in Illinoisand the Southwestern States soughtemployment in Kentucky and in otherStates not affected by the strike order.By thus making up the deficiencycaused by the dileness in the competitive States the miners aided materially in securing their demands.During 1910 the coal mines of Kentucky gave employment to 20,316 men,who worked an average of 221 days.Labor disaffections in Kentucky mineswere limited to shoit strikes in 14mines.Kentucky is one ot the leadingstates m mining coal by the use ofmachines and ranks next to Ohio inthe percentage of machine mine outputto the total production. In 1910 outof a total of 14,623,3129 short tons,9,362 851 tons, or 64 per cent weremachine mined.ftCircuit Clerk Appointment.Judge Robert L. Stout announced inFrankfort that he had appointed LouisFinley as -successor to George S.Rooinsun as Circuit Clerk of Scottcounty. The Deputy Clerk under Mr.Robinson declined, so it was announced to turn ever the office to Mr. Finleyuntil the latter stood an ex minationfur the.position.3Aids MatureThe greatisuccess of Dr. Pierce's Golden rvfedical Discovery in curing weak stomachs, wasted bodies, weaklungs, and obstinate and lingering coughs, is based onthe recognition of the fundamental truth that "GoldenMedical Discovery" supplies Nature with body-building,tissue-repairing, muscle-making materials, in condensed and concentrated form. With this help Naturesupplies the necessary strength to the stomach to digest,food, build up the body and thereby throw off lingeringobstinate coughs. The "Discovery' ' rs-establishes thedigestive and nutritive organs in sound heclth, purifiesand enriches the blood, and nourishes the nerves inshort establishes sound vigorous health.If your dealer offers something " Just as good,"it 'is probably better FOR HIHit pays better.Bat you are thinking o2 the cure not the profit, sothere's nothing "just as good" for you. Say so.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser, In Plain English; or, Medicine Simplified, 1008 pages, over 700 illustrations, newly revised up-to-dateEdition, paper-bound, sent for 21 one-cent stamps, to cover cost of mailingonly. Cloth-bound, 31 stamps. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.GEO. W.FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER. iBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399."ttti""-! TTrniivr''Tcncnfi&TorrnrTD,wcrtTg3"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lotf satisfied customers. TryTDodson & DentonPARIS. KY.(&cSQteSXfeegs3D;QgsS2gyEast Term.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, 'both local and.LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Tittle7 Rock a nRuddles Mills.you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service.""WhenThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.Materially Inclined.There is no landscape in the' worldthat is agreeable after two days ofrusty bacon and slack biscuit "Howlovely this would be," exclaimed theprofessor, "if it had a background ofbeefsteak and coffee!" Charles Dudley Warner.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure . and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other- minor forms ofskin impurities.' The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of "Winter-green, Thymol and other ingredientsare bo carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 2Z-wntbottle will give you positive proof ofme wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son. . -'vtfjwfgjSKZb'DAVISand be satisfied.Telephone Co.youProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Bnildine.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, "Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Dr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 1 . T 1?J-I Home 136. .Residence JE. T. 334.ttesioence Home 334Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpStairsiOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest&DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,OffIces,'Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g "rParis, - - . . Kentucky.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait?. Youxare next.M. A. KAHALUii&- & &-mAfcTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, SEPT, 29, 19M.STAMPS WORTH A MILLIONLargest Collection Ever on Display toBe Sen at the Chicago Art Institute of Chicago.Chicago. A million dollars worthof rare postage stamps were placedon exhibition at the Art institute theother day) the collection being thelargest ever shown in the world. Theexhibit is a feature of the meeting ofthe American Philatelic society andthe exhibitors include millionaires,governors, senators and a number ofboys.Chicago's exhibit is not international, but the collection is more valuable than the one displayed at thelast international exhibit at Birmingham, England. The doors of the Artinstitute were opened to the publicfollowing the reception to the guestsin Fullerton hall."I am sure the world has neverseen as rare a collection as we areplacing on exhibition," said Henry M.Loth, director of the exhibit "Ouroriginal intention was to experimentto see whether there would be a response if we would make it international in its scope. We had plannedonly a small exhibit, but they havecompletely swamped us. It will require four rooms and the corridors toplace the exhibit."The value of the single stampsrange from 50 cents to priceless treasures. One of the most valuable is thestamp the king of England bought tor?5,200, which later passed into thehands--of an American. Another interesting curio is the stamp thatcaused the revolutionary war, theBoston tea party "stamp. The BuffaloPan-American stamp with the platereversed, the error that set the tongues of all America wagging whennews of Uncle Sam's mistake In liisprinting department leaked out, is another interesting exhibit. There Is acollection of Queensland twopencestampSof rare value. The walls ofthe four rooms of the institute arepapered with the stamps and guardswill be on contant watch to protectthe treasures.The entire collection has been Insured at practically the face value of$1,000,000. The exhibit will close Sunday afternoon.World's Greatest Pacers at Trots-During the Great Lexington Trotsof October 3 to 14, next, there will betwo sensational pacing races such ashave never before been seen. Theseare the races between IndependenceBoy 2:01 1-2, Earl, Jr., 2:021-4, theEel 2:02 1-4, Es H. Kay, 2:02 1-4, TheAbbe 2:04, and possibly Lady Maud C.2:00 1-4.One of these races ili be on thefourth day of the meeting, Friday,October 6, and the other on the 8thday, Wednesday October 11.Some world's records will be smashed during these races, and no one; canpick the winner. Remember the halfrates on railroads and attend.!rHMBH) MHHMB WMWi flMBMHi MH OHHHHHI OCHBHB9 HMMBBHi H. " ...bh bbb bbbi bbbbbt bbbbbv bbbw bbbbi bbbbbt bbbbiFREEnSow's Eyelids Sewed Together.L. L. Herndon, a prominent farmerof Scott county, was fined $10 andcosts in county court at GeorgetownTuesday on the charge of cruelty to ananimal. Herndon owns a bow whichhad been trespassing on his corn field,and to keep her from getting at thecorn, he caught her and sewed up hereyelids with a needle and thread. Theaccused pleaded guitly and accreptedthe fine imposed by the court.Don't Expect Kindness.There are six sorts of people atwhose hands you need not expect muchkindness. The narrow minded thinkof nobody but themselves, the lazy aretoo indifferent, the busy have nottime to think, the rich disregard appeals for kindness, the poor haveneither spirit nor ability,, and the goodnatured fool is not capable of servingou. Home Notes.RIVAL OF RADIUM IS FOUNDCheaper Substance Believed to Possess All Its Wonderful PropertiesIs Uncovered in England.-Would Be Rid of Undesirables..Ambassadors from a besieged townwere treating with Alexander theGreat on the terms of surrender. Alexander ordered that Acuphis, the eldest of the ambassadors, should be thegovernor of the town, and that heshould send immediately as hostages100 of the best citizens. Acuphisthen -smilingly observed: "Sire, Icould govern better if thou wouldstpermit me to send thee 100 of theworst citizens instead of 100 of thebest"EXCURSIONTo Lex i n gto n !DURING THE TROTSeOctober 3rd to October 14thWe refund your railroad fare.Every merchant has a brand new. stock.Lexington Trots are bigger than ever.Call on your Lexington Friends.One hundred stores in which to trade.Many good shows at the theatres.Every dollar spent counts for you.Treat yourself to a royal good time.Only good goods in Lexington stores.Jj!!Let all take advantage of the free trip.Extraordinary Fall showing this year.Xcellent opportunity to see new styles. ,.Intention is good, but doing is better come':Not a dull moment if you come.Greatest market in Central Kentucky.Trots are greatest racing events in the world.Our points of interest are worth seeing.Never was such an opportunity presented.4IIIIBirmingham, Eng. Radium, welcomed only a few years ago as without parallel in the realms of scientificdiscovery, has a rival. Already itsfame is being challenged by a cheapersubstance which is believed to possess all its wonderful properties. Sosaid Mr. Deane Butcher, In an addressto one of the sectional meetings ofthe British Medical association's congress. "Happily," he declared, "in treatment of malignant growth by electronbombardment we are no longer restricted to the use of but one radioactive substance."The recent work of Dr. Hahn hasshown that some of the derivativesof thorium especially mesothoriumare even more active than radium.We may hope that in a short time wemay be in possession of a radio-activesubstance which is not only cheaper,but also much more plentiful than itsrival."The lecture was amazin,? from thelayman's point of view. Mr. Butchertalked of quantities which not onlydefied measurement, but were toosmall even to be thought about bythe untrained mind.He spoke of the machine unit thequantity of radio-activity, whichcauses a leak of-one-thousandth of anelectrostatic unit per second."Some idea of the smallness of thisquantity," he said, "may be gatheredfrom the fact that an atmosphere ofone mache unit per litre contains onepart of emanation in 500,000,000,000,000 parts of air."GLOBE RACER LOSES PANTSFrenchman on Journey Around Worldon Forty-Day Limit Has Distressing Mishap in Gotham.New York. The world-girdling tourof Andre Jager-Schmidt met a'setbackthe other day. The young Frenchjournalist. lost his trousers. After afrenzied search in which every bell boyat his hotel took part, the missing garments were retrieved in time for JagerSchmidt to put them on and set out forthe pier, where his steamer was scheduled to leave at one o'clock for France.The man who is trying to circle theglobe in 40 days sent his trousers tobe pressed early in the day. JagerSchmidt travels light. This was hisonly pair and he had neglected to instruct the boy regarding their importance. Jager-Schmidt whirled into the focus of half a dozen moving picture machines and up the gang plank of theliner Olympic ten minutes before thesailing time, confident that he willwin his race.The whirlwind race to the pier wasan added feature for the benefit ofthe picture men, and was not, he said,occasioned by the tardy finding of histrousers.Auto Tire Hurit Stone.Montclair, N. J. Workmen are replacing a $150 plate glass window Inthe front of a store here. It wasbroken by a stone dashed from thsroadway by the wheel of & passing''automobile. The stone was lyingloose in the roadway and when thetfre of- the auto hit it the missile washurled as if from a catapultSomething About Names.A person will grow to look like andbe like his or her name. Algernonsand "Reginalds of modern times lookthe part, and owe a deep debt of ingratitude to their parents. A youngman named Harold or Montmorencywould be justified in hiring an automobile and running over his aged parents as they are attempting to crossthe street on the way home fromchurch. New York Times.In Praise of Poetry.The old hymn says: "Religion neverwas designed to make our pleasuresless," and the same thing ought to besaid about poetry. The distaste forpoetry arises from the habit of treating it as If it were only a more difficult kind of prose. . . . The prosaic commentary obscures the beautyof the text C. M. Crothers.Excursion!Jffow to Set 2our Railroad &are RefundedShow your return trip ticket to any Lexington Merchant whose windows are decoratldwith the big red cards and he will present you with a refund of fare check book.Don't Fail to Show Your Railroad Ticketj iA Fierce Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of achild, suddenly attacked by croup.Often it aroused Lewis Chamblin, ofManchester,. O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they would die, but since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for croup and forcouhs, colds -or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others.So may you. Asthma, Hay Fevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly beiore it. 50c and 1.00Trial bottle free. Sold bv Oberdorfer.Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, Oct. 1, '11,Fare $1.50 Round Trip,Special train leaves Paris 7 :50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,pr D. S. JORDAN. T. A.London's Italian Colony.The Italians in London. England,are sufficient of themselves to form alarge town. There are as many as14,000, about 2,000 of whom are icecream venders and 1,000 organ-grinders.The other 11,000 are chiefly engaged as plaster bust sellers, artists'models, cooks, valets, teachers, artists,restaurant and hotel keepers, and soon.Has Millions of Friends.How would you like to number yourfriends by the millions as Bucklin'sArnica Salve does? Its astoundingcures in the pat forty years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczema, burns,boils, scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyes,sprains, swellings, bruises, cold sores.Has no equal forpiles. 25c at Oberdorfer' s.Caution."Are you giving credit now ?" askedthe man who had returned to his oldhome. "tfo,M answered the proprietorof the general store." "What has become of that old sign you had over thecounter, 'No Trust'?" "I decided totake it down, I was afraid some ofthe corporations that Eupply me withgoods would misunderstand it andtake offense."Mirrors In Decorations., In the sixteenth century no ladywas considered in full dress unlessshe had a mirror at her breast. Itwas oval in shape about 4 by C inchesin size.World's Longest Rivers.The longest rivers ot the world are:North America, Missouri and Mississippi, 4,575 miles; South America,Amazon, four thousand miles; Europe,Volga, 2,300 miles; Asia, Yangtze, 3,000 miles; Africa, Nile, 4,100 miles,and Oceania, Murray and Darling, 1,500 miles.Buttermilk for Gout.If you are troubled with gout youshould drink at least one quart of buttermilk a day. It is said to have theproperty of , keeping various salts dissolved in the blood and thus is useful in gout. It promotes the circulation. 'Daily Reminder.No better day than this on whichto follow Walt Whitman's exampleto loaf and invite your soul, providedyour soul will accept the invitation.At least you can loaf.Draws the Line at Flies.We try to sympathize with ourdumb animals in their afflictions, butsomehow it is rather difficult for us tofeel very sorry for the common housefly who ventures too far into our pastepot. Ohio State Journal.Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.Endurance Tests.I kind of wish." remarked the government employe, "that they'd giveme another kind of an endurance test.""You want physical exertion?" "Yes.I wish that for a change they'd let mesee how many miles 1 can ride onhorseback instead of how many hoursI can sit at a desk."To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them frpmyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Truth Eternal.Truth, like genuine gold, will alwaysbear the touchstone, and appear "thbrighter the more it is examined.Evidently He Was Jealous.A strange plea for divorce was unsuccessfully put forward in the Frenchcourts recently by a man who complained that his wife had allowed herphotographs to be used on picturepostcards against his wilLAaomaTAKEffG2&&?wwdGENXIEMANSSHOEH r HflDUIy m ttf IFor 33 yearsNet tleton Shoeshave stoodeconomy tooffor truethe manmoderate means: fand to the man03wealth, the bestmoney could buy.are sole agentsParis.thatWeforOor new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVPWillamsBfWEigggETOitI The Woman's. Tonicft iSuperior Endures.SOLD BYStivers Limber Co.Paris, Ky.Before you spend a cent for CenleiiAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It wiflpost you on many vital points, such as fbeseas,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, tc.Superior makes" dense, solid concrete thatw3Lendure, for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. InMt onSuperior.Uaioa Tract BuSas, Ciadaaati, O., Jitttw CoDbu, Presides.The Superior Portland Cement Cojt-v-.;"'' Afc 'l'flL- ;W T..ly2 iJi .J.i)i i "i n " m m j' ? w ' 'n'n'f """. . ... -f-tprsp---n--, r jr-firriTiiMili)WBHMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 29, 1911. ,.U 5f :Hi $fcnI5'u t,I t',i'J1 tX!iOFFICIAL BATTING AVERAGES PARIS CLUB 1911G AB R..114 454 72..117 412 60.118 436 70..115 466 81..118 435 78.70 257 22.118 434 50.111 428 51.24 72 9. 50 136 10. 43 122 12.19 53 1H PO160 680128 212128 1099127 259117 27767 163113 179A17113793133018202MayerGoodman . .BarnettHarrellMcKernan .Chapman . . ,Kuhlman...Maxwell ...SchenebergHauserShearsShrauder . .108 15016 1027 1824 67 14129626137Endeavors to Meet.f The Christian ' En Jpavor Society ofthe Christian church, has announcedthat a meeting of the Society will beheld in the parlors of the church onOctober 29. Further particulars willbe announced later.Now on Sale.Lots of fall hats now on sale. Streethats, tailored hats and the swellestline of dress bats that we ever had arenow ready. Kemebmer our openingnet until October 5.2t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.isAverages of Paris Players.In another column will be found thebatting and fielding averages of themembers of the Paris Base Ball Clubas ent out by President Wm. Neal.Walter Mayer, the Paris catcher, ledthe league this year in hitting. Parishad only two members hitting in the.300 class, Goodman being tenth in thelist of eleven .300 hitters in theHeague. As a whole the Paris teambatted well and had a cub average of268, which is about the highest in theLeague.4hhhhhtSATURDAY7 in one Granite Cookeron Sale Saturday at 10ceach, Complete Cook 30ct?One to aNow on DisplayNational 5c and 10c Store,ALBERT JONES, Prop.Our Salesmen will Personally Interest ThemselvesIn the Needs of Your Home." The long experience of ali salesmen in our employ particularly (lis them io competentlyaid the young folks in their ho.tifurnishing. They will aid you painstakingly and attentively.Ill I ir-, 4 fil iJ W ij 11 PJi'Dresser $(6.75.A beautiful dresser,EoHd oaV, with wood orbrass knobs, highly polished, for f 16.75.LSH SP 2B 3BHRBA FA4 352 96991921116718303004 24 76 16 55 21 8311 945294 981273 892269 941261 96126 824127472410359510116130113 616 80 22 05 10 00 250 9184 252 9500 222 9290 199 9410 195 8S20 132 884New Transfer.Martin Bros, have established atransfer line in connection with theirlivery business and now have onewagon in operation.To Lecture at Berry.Elder Carey E. Morgan, of this city,will deliver his lecture on his tour ofthe Holy Lands at Berry on23, 24 and 25. The lecturegiven in the christian churchplace.Octoberwill bein thatMcDermott Addresses Voters.Hon. E- J. McDermott, Democraticcandidate for Lieutenant Governor, adoressed a large and enthusiastic crowdat the court house last pvening. Theauidence was made up of representative citizens and a large number ofladies were present. Mr. McDermottdelivered an excellent address, bitterlydenouncing the platform of the Republicans. His address was well received. tSPECIAL!;Customerin Our Window,The mark of known stoveand range quality, for ifhas proven such througha test of 60 years. ,10c a day or $1 a weekbrings your .choice of any"Buck's'' io ycur home. 'F. WHEELER &Main and Third, Opposite Courthsuse.E SB26 1613 1223 769 2336 17MATRIMONIAL.Mr. B. M. Osborne, of Scottcounty, xnd Miss Lucille Stone, ofGeorgetown, eluped to this city Tuesday evening and were quietly marriedat the residence of the officiatingminister, Elder Carey E. Morgan, onTwelfth street, about eight o'clock.Parental objections on the part ofthe folks of the young lady principalto the wedding prompted the elopement. They arrived in Paris shortlyafter supper in an automobile, andsecuring a marriage license fromi County Clerk Paton they went at onceI to the residence of Elder Morgan,where the ceremony was performed.1 The bride is a handsome and attractive young woman of the brunette typeand the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Benj. S. Stone, the former a memberof the City Council of Georgetown,prqminent in politics and businessman. The groom is a young farmerand a son of Mr. and Mrs. John Osborne. He is well connected and a' member of one of Scott county's mostI wealthy families.Immediately after the ceremony thecouple left in an automobile for Lexington irom wnicn point tney look atrain Wednesday morning for an extended trip in the South.Lieutenant Adam L. Estelle, ofthe Phillipines Contabulary, and MissCatherine Carmody, of this city weremarried at the Catholic church parsonage at Mt. Sterling by Rev. E. B.Rohrer, early Wednesday morning inthe presence of a few friends and relatives and left.immediately for Lexington where they will visit a few daysbefore going ) to the Phillipines. Thebride isa daughter of Thomas Carmudy, of near this city. She is agraduate of the Mt. Sterling HighSchool and State Univresity. She hasbeen teaching in Covington for thepast few years and only resigned recently. Lieut. Estelle stands high inarmy circles and is a splendid younggentleman.4-11-44.Save your poultry by administeringa few doses of 4-11-44. It cures themof disease and makes them healthy.2t VARDEN & SON.Condemnation Suit.The condemnation suit of the Louisville & Nashville railroad againstAmanda Wilson to secure a tract otland containing about 1 and 1-2 acres,along the right of way of the doubletrack of the railroad near Shawhan,was tried in the county court yesterday afternoon before a jury, resultingin the jury returning a verdict awarding the defendant the sum of $1,127.50. The plaintiff company was represented by Hon. E. M. D'ckson whilethe defendants were represented byTalbott & Whitley. A large numberof witnesses were summoned in thecase.Meeting of Hamilton Guards.A meeting of the Hamilton Guardswill be held in the rooms of the Daughters of the Confederacy in the courthouse Saturday afternoon at threeo'clock. A full attendance is requested, as business of importance will betransacted.ICO.,Chiffonier $14.75.This is without doubtthe very best chiffoniervalue this -city has everknown for the littlejgiTV.fiT '!'"' ..JTr,r,i V3TCitJsrI"y 'to 'fan yul hi"-in "' ' Til1' "I'N ' Ui H... Wiprice, $14.75.Prominent Man Answers FinalSummons.Mr. Robert. J. Neely, one of Paris'foremost business men and for yearsone of the best known implement dealers in this section of the county, diedat his home on Duncan avenue Wednesday morning about 11 o'clock aftera protracted illness of Bright'a disease. For more than two years Mr. Neelyhad been in declining health and forseveral months his condition has beensuch as to cause the gravest alarmamong his relatives and many frends.Mr. Neely was born and reared inthis city, where he spent his entirelife, and for years has been identifiedwith the best interests of the townand one of its represpntative and -substantial citizens. At the death of hisfather, Mr. Josph Neely, he succeededto his, implement buisness, which heconducted with a marked degree ofsuccess until his declining health compelled him to retire, and his businesswas disposed of to the firm of Yerkes& Kenney.At the time of his death Mr. Neelywas a director of the Deposit Bank, aposition he has hold for a number ofyears, and was Vice President of theBourbon County Agricultural Societybeing identified with this oipanizaiionsince it wan reorganized sx years agoHe was a consistent member of thePresbyterian church, ard gave hoei ally to all causes of religi n and misionary work. He was gentrrus, kindhearted and of a very chauidb.enature. His friends were numberedby the score and his demise causeduniversal surrow.Mr. Neely, who was in his fifty-ninthyear, is survived by his wife, who wasformerly Miss Sallie Mitchell, one halfbrother, Mr. Samuel J. Neely, of Cumberland, Md , and three sisters, Mrs.John A. Lyle, Mrs. John A. Mitchelland Mrs. William R. Blakemore, all ofthis citv." The funeral services were held fromhis late residence on Duncan avenueyesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock conducted by his pastor, ttev. Dr. B. Al.Shive, who paid a beautiful tribute tothe memory of the deceased. The remains were consigned to their lastresting place in the Pans cemetery.The pall-bearers were Chas. Stephens,Jesse Turney, Frank Remington, W.H. Harris, Jos. M. Hall, George R.Bell, Clarence Thomas, W. H. Webband George B. Alexander.The infant daughter ot Mr. andMrs. Offutt Boardman which was bornTuesday night, died yesterday moorning about ten o'clock. Tne burial tookplace yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock,with services at the graze in the Pariscemetery by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive.Upto Date Billiard Hall.Follow theHard Hall.crowds toMann's Bil?15 tfRELIGIOUS.The new Baptist church at Somerset, erected at a cost of $30,000, wasdedicated Monday. The outstandingindebtedness on the building of $11,000was wiped out at the services byvoluntary subscription.Rev. J. M. Maxon will be in hispulpit at the Episcopal church Sundaymorning at 10:45 and afternoon at 3o'clock.Prpparatory services will be heldat the Presbyterian church Saturdayafternoon at 3 o'clock and communionservices will be held Sunday morningat 10 :30 o'clock. Sunday evening services will be held at 7 o'clock. Theservices at night will be in the handsof Rev. Herman Jones, president "ofthe Presbyterian Orphanage at Louisville iand he will be accompanied byMiss Shaw, of that institution whowill have in charge the boy, who is aninmate of the intsitution and who hasoeen clothed by the ladies of the Parischurch. A cordial invitation is extended lo all to attend the service.Dragged by Mule.Richard Wilson, a Montgomery county iarmer, was dragged for a milenear Mt. Sterling Tuesday by afrightened mule. Hi3 head was crushed and several ribs broken. Chancesfor his recovery are slight.Save Your Poultry.Why lose your poultry ffrom diseasewhen a few doses of 4-11-44 will savethem.2t VARDEN & SON.Stole Ring to Give Sweetheart.Sheriff Mitchell, of Nicholas county,passed through Paris Tuesday morning, having in charge Willie Robbies,a young girl of that county, who hewas taking to the State Reformatoryin Lexington. She was recently arrested on a charge of stealing adiamond ring valued at $40. Whentaken into court: she confessed herguilt and said she had mailed it to hersweetheart in New York.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies tfWill Build Business House.The Winchester Democrat say3:"Almost at the same point on NorthMain street, J. T. Luman and Mrs. C.R. West are preparing to erect newbusiness buildings. Mr. Luman willbuild a three story edifice on the siteof his present building and will occupyit for his furniture business. Duringits constrution h will occupy thehouse on Broadway formeily occupied by Pruitt's grocery." Mrv Luman,formerly lived in this city where he conducted a furniture establishment andwas connected for a time in that business with Mr. B. F. Adcock.Wins Vatch in Contest,Col. C. E. VanHook, the Cynthianaauctioneer, well known in this city,has received a gold watch as a prizegiven in a contest in which five otherauctioneers throughout the UnitedStates competed. The watch wasgiven by an auctioneering school inChicago .for the auctioneer whose.salesamounted to the most for the periodbetween September 1, 1910, to April 1,1911. During that time Mr. VanHook'ssales amounted to over $504,000. Theproperty he sold was in Bourbon, Harrison, 'Scott, Bracken. Pendleton andJumped irom Buggy and is iInjured.Miss Margaret Merringer, aged 19,daughter ui Mr. and Mrs. John Merringer, residing on the Clintonvillepike, near this city, lies in a criticalcondition at the St. Jospeh Hospital inLexington with a fractured skull asthe result of an accident whih occurred near her home Wednesday morning. 'Miss Merringer, with her sister,Miss Anna Merringer, started to townWednesday morning and just aftercoming out of the gate on the pike, abolt in the shaft fell out allowing thatpart of the vehicle to fall, which,striking the horse's legs, caused theanimal to run.Becoming frightened tho youngwoman jumped from the wagon, striking, the road on her head, causing thefracture of the skull at the base of thebrain. Her sister, who remained inthe vehicle, sunceeded in stopping thehorse and was unhurt.The unfortunate girl was picked upin an unconcsious condition and takento her home where medical aid wasimmediately summoned and she wastaken to the St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, by Dr. C. G. Daugherty at 11o'clork. At this institution at 3o'clock Wednesday afternoon a trepanning operation was performed and theyoung Ia'iy i3 said to have a chance forn cveryaithough her condition is regaided as critical.The Quality Store.Our furniture bears the reputationof being the best and most substantialquality of goods that can be bought.That's the reason our customers comeback. We invite new patrons to comeand see us.J. T. HINTON.BIRTHS.Born, on Wednesday to the wife ofHomer Woodall, of Henry Addition, a9 pound daughter.Born, Wednesday, September 27,at Lowdon Hall, near Austerlitz,to Mr.and Mrs. Virgil Harp Gaitskill a sonVigil Harp Gaitskill, Jr.Dignitaries of the Poraan Catholicchurch from all over the country aregathered at Cincinnati to attend theNational Eucharistic Congress, whichopened yesterday.There will be services at the Baptist church next Sunday morning ,,andnight. The pastor, E. M. Lightfoot,will preach in the morning on "SomeHindrances to a Revival," and atnight at 7:30 p. m., on "The Requestof an Old Man." All are cordially invited to the services. m44144.Save your poultry by administeringa few doses of 4-11-44. It cures themof disease and makes them healthy.2t VARDEN & SON.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.White Dies from Wound.Frazier White, who was shot byShorty McCoy, another negro, following a difficulty at the fair groundsSaturday night, died at the Good Samaritan Hospital in Lexington Wednesday ajternoon. The bullet, whichentered White's body a few inches below the collar bone, struck the spine,which caused paralysis, affecting himfrom the waist down. He was takento the hospital Monday, where an X-rayexamination was made to locate thebullet.McCoy, who was arrested shortlyaf tert he shooting was charged withmalicious shooting with intent to killwas released the morning after thetragedy on a bond of $300. Yesterdaymorning the warrant was changed sndthe bond renewed. McCoy will probably be arraigned in the county courtSaturday aftrenoon at 3 o'clock for hisexainming trial.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position, at Cabal's barber shep. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Canal is nowrunning and it is no troubla to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?shott space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfWednesday,October.4THEPLAY OF THEBy E. E. RoseHOURThe Rosary.3 Months inAChicago.Now playing to crowded houses atthe Garden Theatre, New York City.Like the song and the poem it willlive forever.Company, Production, ElectricalEffects, Stage Settings and 'Costumesbeyond comparison.Unserved .-eats on sale at Mitchell& Blakemore's Monday morning.KPRiGPS'Dress Circle fl; Parquette75c; Balcony, first two rows 75c, balance pf Balcony ,50c.PARIS GRAND9BK.4 YjH., v f-sTHEATRICAL."THE ROSARY."Whatever else may be said of Rowland & Clifford's new production,"The Rosary," which comes to theParis Grand on Wednesday, October 4,the charge of imitation of other playscannot be mad;?. "The Rosary v virtually breaks new ground in the dramatic field and should prove a yeiitablasurprise when the curtain rises uponit.The play is built upon at horoughlymodern theme, viz: the influence ofthought upon the lives and well beingof the men and women of our presentday."The Rosary" attacks the themeboldly. It deals with the lives and fortunes of a little group of people livingin the beautiful West Chester countrynear New York City. The hubsand isa disbeliever in all religion; his wife,a woman of serious conviction regarding faith in the things of life unseen.Strong in his belief and thoroughlyhuman, a priest moves through "thesubtle story of this play. Whendounts CDme and the man and woman'slives are shattered, seeminglv beyondhuman power ito repair, this priestanalyzes the situation and by the power of his faith brings both the peoplewhom he loves back to happiness.The stage settings are unique intheir way : the first act occurs in awonderfully beautiful grape arborrthe second and third are laid in acharming interior, showing the atmosphere of serene home life, while thefourth is a new church built by the unbelieving husband for his friend, thepriest.After all the dicsussion of the playduring four acts., a wonderful effect isattained by the peace and serene quietof the church where the man and woman who have suffered come at lastto lay their burden down and findpeace.No detail in the immense labor ofadequate production' has been tootrivial for Messrs. Rowland & Cliffordto oversee and lock after with thecarefulness which in the past has beensynonymous with their names asmanagers, and "The Rosary" on its.presentation will be as near perfectionas brains, money, infinite labor andvast experience can make it.Prices 50 cents, 75 cents and $1.Seats on sale at Mitchell & Blakemore'sMonday morning."TEN NIGHTS IN A BAR ROOM.""By far the most popular play everproduced on the American stage is"Ten Nights in a Bar-room." It is alasting lesson to humanity, teaching amoral ever to be remembered. Manager Porter, of the Paris Grand has arranged for its production of the playin moving pictures at the Grand onSaturday night. Every scene is absolutely real. Every character is absotlutely true to life. It is the greatestproduction of this drama ever made.A play that every father, mother, sortand daughter should see. Admissionten cents. First performance at 7:3U.Damage Case is Postponed.The damage suit of Chas. Wright asnext friend of his brother, Wm. Wright,,against Patrolman Chas. B. Thomas,a member of the Paris Police forceand his bondsmen, the Arrerican Bonding Co.. of HaltimorG. whinh wn? tncome up in the Federal Court at Franki foit yesterday was postponed untilTuesday. The suit is for S2,020 damages alleged to have been sustainedby Wm. Wright as the rt-sult of an assault committed upon him by Thomas.The number of witntsses summoned inthe case are E. B. January.Leer StoutP. A. Thompson, Fred Link, Joe Farris, John Mahar and Will GrimesWanted.Canvassing agents at once for thesale of "Compendium of EverydayWants. "the book of general necessity,price $1.50; also for "The Devil'sBride," a wonderful religous allegory,price $1.00. Either outfit sent postpaid for ten cents. 'Fifty per centcommission to agents. Big sellers.A. B. KUHLMAN, Publisher,octl 136 W. Lake St., Chicago. 111.Public SaleI will offer at miblic sale on thepremises one-half mile from Millersburg, on Mayvsille and Lexington pikeas administrator of Rachael J. Chanslor, deceased, at1 O'clock p. m., Sept. 30, '1 1the following property :1 bay horse about llears old.Good work mare, 9 years old.1 yearling mule.2 long yearling steers. . .1 milch cow.4 brood sows.12 gilts.69 head of shoats.The hogs are all thoroughbred DurccJerseys.Lot of household furniture.,, J. C. JEFFERSQN.AdministratorNciholas countfie3.' .''ti'-iZ? 3.y;;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 29, 1911FfiE BOURBON NEWS.te-ftflwyTrk)ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGJudging Horse Rings.Mr. Walter Clark, of this city,acting as judge in the horse ringsthe Falmouth fair this wee'k.isatInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODPORD.Sullivan to Speak.Hon. J. A. Sullivan will speak atthe court house in this city on Monday, October 2 at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.Feld's for Fall Footwear.Closed Monday, October 1.Being a sacred holiday Price & Co.,clothiera, will be closed all day Monday, October 1. Will be open as usualTuesday.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Lodge News.Bv the terms of the will of RudolphH. Horn, of Louisville, at the death ofhis sister, Emily J. Uorn, his estateshall go to the Old Masons' Home.Maccabees to Give Box Supper.The Knights of the Maccabees willgive a box supper at their lodge roomin K. of P. Hall Monday night. Agood time is assured and everybody invited to be present. Admission frefe.Those Fuzzy Hatsyou see everybody wearing come onlyfrom us. We have all colors in thisfinish at 3, $3.50 and $4. ImportedVelours at $6 and S7.50.kJl W. DAVIS & CO.Howerton Gratz Leaves Hospital.Howerton Gratz was able to leavethe St. Joseph Hospital WednesdayafteT several weeks' confinement atthe institution as a result of injurywhirh he received in an automobileaccident near Paris recently. MrGratz was taken to a the home of hismother, Mrs. Birdie Gratz 440 FayettePark.Seed Wheat and Rye.See us before buying yourwheat and seed rye and timothy.22 3t i C. S. BRENT & BROsatdRegistration Day.The regular registration day for allthose who want to vonte in Novemberis Tuesday, October 3. If you are inthe city between the hours of 6 a. m.and 4 p. m. and fail to register, youwill be deprived, of a vote for the nexttwelve months. Don't overlook thisimportant duty, but go early and haveyour name recorded en the registrationbooks and see that yourneighbor doeslikewise.Wonderful Bargains.Come in and examine the wonderfulbargains we re offreing in wall papernothing ever seen in Paris, like it before. We are ready to put it on thewall at once.J. T. HINTON.Church Dedication Postponed.The Baptists at Spears Mill haveerecteh a church' in that neigbhorhoodand expected to dedicate it Sunday,October 1, but woing to the fact thattie Rev. W. D. Powell, secretary ofState Missions for the Baptists ofKentucky, 'cannot be with them atthat time, it is nceessary to postponethe dedication and further announcement will be made later.McClure & Clendenin writeFire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Closed Monday.Our store will be closed on Monday,October 2, on account of holiday.See our psecial bargains in schoolshoes for boys and girls.DAN COHEN.Making Good.The Maysville Independent of Tuesday says: "Mr. Evans Hill, of Paris,who is manager of the iG. A. Hill &Brother's branch store in Paris, wasin the city yesterday on buisness. Mr.Hill states that the business of thefirm's new branch store is as good orbetter than they expected. Paris hsa good electric lighting system andthey are placing many up-to-dae fixtures in the homes of the BourbonCapital people."PERGONAL MENTION.Mr. David Feld is in Cincinnati onbusiness.Mrs. Hanora Lenihan, who hasbeen quite ill, is improving.Mr. Lynn Lail, of Cynthiana, isvisiting relatives in this city.Miss Nannie Miller is improvingalter an illness of several days.Mr Redmon Berry, of this city,visited relatives in Beiry this week.Miss Cornelia Stone, of Verasillesf,is the guest of Miss Mary Bashford.Mr. Eldridge Honey is ill at hishome on Ferguson street with typhoidfever.Mr. Jay Ranson leaves tomorrowfor Chicago where he will accept aposition.Mr. J. Simms Wilson has gone toOklahoma to look after this businessinterests.Mrs. W. B. Benney, of Ricrfmond,is visiting the family of A. J.Winters.Mrs. A. Barnett has retrunedafter a sojourn of several weeks inEminence.Pearsbushl.Kiefer Pears.for preserving at $1.00 perC. P. COOK & CO.Game Season Closed.The hunting season for all sorts ofgame, including rabbits and squirrels,closed September 15. The quail season begins on November 15. A fewyears ago the legislature passed a lawprohibiting hunting of any kind duringthe two months immediately precedingthe open season for quail. This wasdone because many people would goout hunting under the pretext of killing rabbits, squirrels, etc., and wouldaKo kill uail before the law was out.In order to stop this the law was passed and it is now regarded as primafacie evidence ' of guilt ""to even becaught in the field with dog and gunduring these two months.We Save You. Money.Wall paper bargains all duringmnnth of Sentember. Come seeyourseif. We save you mony.J. T. HINTON.Miss Frankie Whaley is visitingMisses Mattie and Ruby Stivers inLexington.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Ecton, Jr., ofWinchester, are the guestw of realtivesin this county.Mr. and Mrs L. B. Purnell havemoved to- Mrs. Foiman's cottage onM t. Airy avenue.Mrs. Laura Estill Francis has returned to her home at Esconidda aftera visit in Richmond.Mrs. C. F. Clay was taken to aLexington hospital Tuesday when sheunderwent an operation.Mrs. Ben Parker has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. JamesBaldwin, in Georgetown.Elder F. J. Cheek, of Danville,was in the city yesterday to attend thefuneral of Mr. R. J. Neely.Mrs. N. F.JSrent and son are visiting Mrs. Brent's parents, Mr. andMrs. Wallace, in Versailles.Mr. Strother Quissenberry ofJNewYork, is the guest of his father, Mr.Joe Quisenberry, in this city.Mrs. Swift Champ is spendingseveral days with Mr. and Mrs. HenryV. "Thompson in Clark county. 'Mrs. Griffith, of Cynthiana, is the.guest of her daughter, Mrs. J. T.Sharrard, on South Main street.Judge E. B. January will go toGeorgetown today to attend the District Conference of the M. E. church,South.Mrs: Sarah A. Thompson, of Covington, is visiting her grandson, Attorney P. A. Thompson and xamily, inthis city.Miss Mary Lenihan, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. W. J. Dodd in Lexington, has returned to her home inthis city.Miss Fanny Hancock is the guestof Miss Helen Desha, at PattersonHall, Lexington, for a dance on tomorrow evening.Mis. Bowen Tate and son and Mrs.Rebceca Gass, of Denver, Col., arethe guests of Mrs. Georiga Wright pnPleasant streetMrs. Samuel Davis, of Gallatincounty, is the guest of Mrs. BriceSteele and Mrs. R. K. McCarney onPleasant street.Carlisle Mprcury : "Earl Shanklinand wife, of Myers, have moved toParis. Mr. Shanklin is engaged withthe L. & N. railroad."Miss Nannie Clay has retruned toUrsaline Academy, Brown, county,Ohio, to copmlete her coruse. She willgraduate from that intsitution thisterm.Mr. Chas. E. Butler returned lastnight from a business trip to Texas.While there he sold a section of landto the Bradford Land Agency at Bradford, Texas.Mr. and Mrs. B. N. Shropshire, ofCincinnati, accompained by Misses Pinkand Fannie Shropshire, of this city,motored to Winchester yesterady tospend the day with Messrs, W. G. andG. D. Shropshire.Mrs. ' Sarah E. Ferguson has returned from Minneapolis where sheha5 been on a protracted visit to hersons, Messrs. W. W. and G. D. Ferguson. She was accompanied home byMrs. W. W. Ferguson, who are theguests of Mr. and Mrs. D. G. Taylorin the county.Miss Katie Graham Thompson, whohas been the guest of her aunt, Mrs.J. T. Hinton, left Tuesday for herhome in Colubmia, S. C. She was accupmanied by her grandmother, Mrs.W. L. Davis. Together they visitedMr. W. H. Davis, who is at a hospitalin Danville slowly recovering from hisinjuries received in a railroad accident. fThe Paris Literary Club met Wednesday afternoon. The attendancewas good and great interest was manifested in the work for the comingyear. The omcers ror iyii-iiJ are asfollows: President, Mrs. J. T. Vansant; First Vice President, Mrs. JamesMcClure; Second Vice President, Mrs.J. Walter Payne; Secretary, MissMary Woudford; Treasurer, Mrs. LouisRjgers; Auditor, Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr. Comittees for the year:Program Mrs. J. T. Vansant, MrsW. G. Talbott; Civic Mrs. Payne,Miss Lucy Simms, Mrs. H. A. Power;Eduction Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft,Mrs. F. P. Lowry. Mrs. T. H. Clay,Jr. ; Press Miss Hutchcraft, Mrs. W.Webb; Lecture- Mis. W T. Talbott,Mrs. Catesby Woodford; FotestrvMis R C Talbott; Civil Service Reform Mrs Wm. Myall ; Food Sanitation Maiy F. Hutchcraft: Industrialand Child Labor Mis. McClure; ArtMis. Lowry; Legislative Mrs. W. 0.HintoA Mrs. Charlton Alexander;Health Mrs. John, Davis-; ReceptionsMiss Williams, Mrs. Amos Turney,Mrs. Simms Wilson. Afterthe routinethe business and reports from th'e Statefor- Federation by Mrs. Wilson, Miss Simmsand Mis3 Hutchcraft, the members enjoyed a club tea.Will Take Examination.Mr. J. Louis Early wine.Tformerpostmaster at Paris, and at presentholding a responsible position with theL. & N. railroid "company, will go toLexington tomorrow to take the examination for admission to the bar.Mr. Earlywinhe has been reading lawfor a number of years with a view ofbecoming an attorney. He was private secretary to Senator W; O. Bradley, during his cterm as Governor ofKentucky.PUBLIC SALEOFmare, pedigreein . foal to BaronSTOCK, IMPLEMENTS ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS.Having rented my farm and concluded to quit farming, I will sell on thepremises, beginning at the hour of teno'clock a. m, onWednesday, October 1 8, 1 91 1all my stock, crop and farming utensils; household and kitchen furniture,etc:-1 pair Percheron mareH,5 and 6 yearsold, good workers, in foal.1 pair extra mare mules, 4 and 5years old.1 pair mare mulus.1 sorrel horse.1 Gambetta Wilkesfurnished at sale,Rhythmic.1 yearling black filly, out of Gambetta Wilkes, by Locanda.Also suckling colt at aidecanda.1 six year old good road horse.1 five year old gelding, good familyhorse.3 No. 1 Jersey milk cows.1 yearling Jersey heifersoon.1 good steer calf.35 good breeding ewes.2 No. 1 Southdown bucks.56 fat hogs.2 two-horse wagons.2 binders,, good as new.2 new Avery riding cultivators.1 No. 1 Deering mower.1 Randall harrow.2 breaking plows.1 good two-horse slide.1 brand new scalding trough.1 good cider mill.1 No. 1 drag.1 No.l Black Hawk corn planter.2 No. 1 sets wagon harness.25 acres of corn and lot of timothyand clover hay in barn.All kinds of farming implements andcarpenter's tools, etc , too numerousto mention.1 parlor set. ,3 bed room sets.Rugs, carpets, chairs, etc.15 Bronze turkeys.150 chickens, ail kinds.TERMS Made known on day ofsale.H. O. JAMES, Agent.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.AIso at the same time and place, 1will rent 24 acres of grass land untilMarch 1 or 15, 1912.by Lo-vto calveFOR SALE.I have for sale a number of oldcountry hams, also nice lot of pureapple vinegar. Apply toMRS. JAS. H. THOMPSON,E. T. phone 256-1.FOR RENT.Furnished room for twoApply at 709 High street.gentlemen.26 tfNotice to Stockholders.The stockholders of the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society are requested to meet in the court house onrSaturday, September 30, af 2 o'clockp. m. Election of officers ior the ensuing year and other important business. A full attendance of the stockholders is desired.26 'it J. M. HALL, President.WANTED.Married man with one or two boysfor helpers in dairy. Must 'be goodclean milkers and no others need apply. 26 2t WM. FARRIS.FOUND.In the lobby of the postoffice lastweek an umbrella. Owner can havesame by calling at this office, provingproperty and paying advertisingcharges.NOTICE TO CREDITORS.All persons having claims againstthe estate of the late Rachael J. Chanslor are requested to have same properly proven according to law and presentsame tor payment to undersigned.Those owing estate will please settleat once. ,J. C JEFFERSON,26 4t Administrator.Msysville, Ky.NOTICE.' Millinery Opening.We have been fortunate this year insecuring the services of Misa BlanchePlummer, one of the best trimmers inthe business. Miss Plummer is athorough graduate of the art and hashad thorough training. If the ladiesof this section want something swellthis fall they should wait for our falldisplay on October 5th.2t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.The Carpet Store.If you need a. carpet or rug go toa carpet store for it. Our stock iscomplete, the prices low and the quality the highest.J. T. HINTON.i?A VICTROLAFOR FIFTY DOLLARS!VICTOR-VICTROLA IXHeretofore Victrolas havebeen made to sell at $250,S200v, $150, $100 and $75.Now the Victor people havebrought out a beautiful Victrola for $50 in Mahogany orQuartered Oak, 12-inch turntable, double-spring motor,Victor tapering arm, allmetal parts nickle plated.Stop in, See and Hear It.DAUGBERTY BROS..Mlf These Are Openinfg Days With Us.'.9 Our line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and bestJJ selected in the history of our business, and consists of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets.Dress Goods..The new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &c..,., Velvets For Suits and Dresses." 'White Corduroy, the Novelty.g Our Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings The largest in this part of the State." Red Letter Day,J Wednesday, September 27th.5 Ten (10) S. & H. Green Trading Stamps Free. .W. Ed TuckeriWE ARE READY FOR YOUIFee's Cashfei wft t t T 9 I CwVPJJCUdlNFor This Week.I25cChase & Sanborn's Special BrandCoffee, 30c value, per lbChase & Sanborn's Bonita Tea,75c value, per lbChase & Sanborn's High-Grade Coffee,35c value, per lb..;.John Hoffman's Cured Meats and Dried Salts,Market Price. -Paris Purity Flour, 25-lb. sack... 70cParis Fairy Patent Flour, 25-lb. sack 65cFresh Pies and Cakes Daily.50c!30c:LFEE'SI HAVE SOMEVERY SPECIAL PRICESTO OFFER YOU ONCarpets,Mattin' 2? 'L'-'J WW mm andIa8'VS'- y 1381vf3ri' I Willi "Zjx- tsS y ra$3 W&J H1H "wl( cWmMSX 5,n fillCome in and Get ThemWonderfulReductions inWALL PAPEB.I will sell you LAWN and PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everbeen able to buy it. ,A few HAMMOCKS left at big cut in prices.'To whom it may concern: I will onor after October 3, 1911, mafte an application to the State Board of PiisonCommissioners 0f Frankfort, ICy., fora parole for Wat. Stafford, now confined in the penitentiary at Frankfort,Ky , havinsr been convicted in theBourbon Circuit Court for wilfully andmaliciously cutting another personwithout killing said nerFon.3t wy WAT. STAFFORD.KciisrToisrJ-T.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. O. Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B, Dempsy, Home Thone 2SC.3III-;v,.v ..rTHE BOURBON .NEWSJ pARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT.-29, 1911..1mii :Sin1itFREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEOne of the most remarkable proofsof tthe unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinisthat it is effective not only in people ";n the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare .received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men andwomen of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constipation andbowel trouble in old people ithasnoequal. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. Caldwell'sSyrup Pepsin. You can prolong yourlife by healthy bowel action. Cloggedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor.Address him Dr. W. & Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, fojjtjcellp., 111.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Now Showing Our Complete Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hats and Furnishing Coods.At $15 we are showing a nobby line of newbrdwn Suits in the famous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.Lain Brand and Chults Shirts at 1 and $1.50.W. L. Douglas & Co. Shoes at 2.50, 3, $3.50and 4.French's fine hand-hame Shoes io: men specialat $4. .Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 best in the world.We are showing a full line of Trunks, Suit Casesand Traveling Bags.nPwin KiaJ !TJ AFAlkJr.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPX 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No.34134297104037312332625913838539308321431No.344297401013737331336262538'939. 328133Q3113Trains A.rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 21Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7.38Itowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 7.55Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12Cincinnati, O., Dnily 7. 9.50Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.06Lexington, Ky,, Daily lO.OfcCincinnati, O., Daily 10,18Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily 8.25Maysville, Ky., Daily . 5.25Cincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40Lexington, Ky., Daily 6 12Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday v 6.01Jacksonville, Fla., Daily . 6 17Lexington, Ky.. Daily . 10.27Cincinnati, O., Daily . 10:45Tr stilus IDe-psirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-. 7.47Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20Lexington, Ky., Daily . 9.57Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.18Lexington, Ky., Daily '. 10.21Maysville, K., Daily 11.52Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except bunday 3.30Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4oRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday .- 5.50Cincinnati, O., Daily ." 6.23Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ., 6.25Lexiitjilon. Ky.. Daily , 6.25Owwhi'tu. Kv., Daily Except -u.Jay G.35Levinr t, K. !)aily .i 10.53Spider Racing. "'Lord Devon's property was greatlyImpoverished by the twelfth earl whosquandered nearly all his fortune andterribly embarrassed the fentailedproperty. He was addicted to a mostpeculiar form of gambling, namely,spider racing, which he played withthe last Marquis of Hastings and theeighth Duke of Bedford. Each playerselected a spider, which was placed onthe table, and then the latter wasgently heated from underneath. Thewarmth caused the insects to run, andthe spider which got to the edge' firstwon. But spiders are curious creatures, and it would frequently happenthat a spider which was near the edgeand looked like winning woulcf double back, traverse the table in all directions and lose its backer the thousands of pounds so nearly won. LordDevon, Lord Hastings and the Duke ofBedford each of them squanderedenormous sums on this game, whichcontributed in no small degree to theruin of the two former. New YorkTribune.Inn Names In Germany.Germany probably hdlds the recordfor out of the way signs and fantasticinn names. The most absurd resultsare usually obtained by the name ofsome animal with a more or less unsuitable object. The ComfortableChicken and the Cold Frog, both ofthem in Berlin, are certainly left inthe shade by the Angry Ant (Ort, inWestphalia) and the -Stiff Dog (Berlin).The Lame Louse is an inn in a suburbipt Berlin, and not far from it is theThirsty Pelican. The Dirty Parlor, theBloody Bones, the Musical Cats, theFourhundredweight Man, and theBoxers' Den are all in Berlin or theneighborhood, 'and the Old Straw Bagin Leipzig. The Open Banghole is inStadtohen, in the Palatinate, and theShoulder Blade in Jericho w. The. LastTear is a landlord's notion for thename of his inn, situated near a graveyard, visited by returning mourners,and is of frequent occurrence throughout the fatherland.A Strange Colony.The Colonia Cosme, on the Paraguayabove Asuncion, is one of the most curious in the world. The members ofthe colony make or grow everythingthey want and import nothing. Theworkmen have seven hours' work aday and earn, not money, but time.Their wages are hours and half hours.These they sometimes save up till theyhave a week in hand and then, go offon an excursion. If a man wants achair or table he pays for it in hoursof work, which are deducted from thebalance to his credit. Three men wentoff up the river in a canoe for a threeweeks' holiday. They sold theircanoeat Asuncion for a pound and camehome overland in ten days, lodged inthe best houses in the villages on theway and yet had some money in handat the end. London Spectator.Atlanta, Oa., Dailv 10.c5amamama&amiamamiamamampmpmpmpmpmpmpmampmpmpmiamamamamarcamamamamamamampmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmJ&mdk5o'ocuva:IN, EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.TrsdLne JrrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily ExcopL Snna s. ?. . .8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily E copt Pi ml ay 3 40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Paih h.c" pt Sunday 6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains IDepartNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.55 amDogs In Ecclesiastical Decorations.The stained glass representation ofthe "Peddler and His Dog" was removed from Lambeth church a quarter ofa century ago owing to the alleged incongruity of introducing the figure ofa dog in a church window. Quite recently Chancellor Prescott' of Carlislerefused a faculty for a stained glasswindow in a "Westmorland church because the design included a dog, andperhaps the only existing examples ofdogs used for ecclesiastical decorationsare tobe found in Lord Brownlow'sprivate chapel at Ashbridge. In thischurch one stained glass window de-picts Tobias and Sara in bed and adog sleeping on the quilt, while in an-'other window Job is shown beingmocked by three men, one of whom isholding a dog by a chain. Westminster Gazette.The Giant's Staircase.One of the most widely known geological curiosities in the vicinity ofCork is a series of knobs or knots projecting from the face of a cliff. Thereare sixteen of these huge projectionsall together, all regularly set in the'face of the cliff, one above the other,forming a series of such uniformity asto give it the general appearance of astairway. Since time out of memorythis queer ascent and its projecting"steps" have been known as the Giant's Staircase.How He Won. ,A rich old man was asked how hemade his money. "Simplest thing inthe world," he said. "I always did thereverse of what everybody else wasdoing. If everybody bought, I soldprices were high. If everybody sold,I bought prices were low."Prepared For the Worst.Husband- -Goodby, my dear. A pleasant voyage. I have taken every precaution in case of accident.. WifeWhat do you mean? Husband-Ensuredyour life in my favor. JournalAmusant.BloodirvCoughChokrLoosens the phlegmimmediately and per-'manently, cures aCough. CrouD. WhooD-inr Coueh and all Throat and Lunp-(Affections. The best remedy forcniKiren. 25c,ojc ana 9L00 a bottle.Mrs. Htnrktt Wells Alkfl.CUfBfy.S.C. says:I lutve b&4 Breachltls for abeat twenty years andtbe first Medicine that has doae ae such toofi.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Her Dear .Friend."I have declined marriage proposalsfrom five.men," said the fair widow."Have, you?" her friend asked. "I; didn't supppse your husband had beenas heavily insured as that." ChicagoRecord-Herald.Undecipherable."Do you know anything about Euripides?" asked the erudite relative."A little," replied the young man withnerve. "And what are your impressions?" "Well, what I have seen ofhis stuff convinces me that he wrote amighty poor hand."Worth the Finding.One strong thing I find here belowthe just thing, the thing true.rS&lected.A Jiffy,Tommy (who has been told to go tobed) Pa, how long is "a jiffy?"Father It's just about the length oftime you've got to go to bed withouta licking. Boston Transcript.The Last Dance.He May I ask you for a dance?She Certainly, the last one, on -thelist. y - ...'JHe-But I'll not be here the: - " iShe Neither Tvill I. ja$S& 'International GasolineENGINESh--ci .;ri - MSBes wmm&ziM ii1 1-jy mmmmSmm wfBL mraLr 'mk fill 1 Ii international' IfTrWlSS I Kte&e OSfci I hww"ter , mSSZiMlWSmmTaK?8K2rftrKk Em - -M Jmm 3fj him iS I "iji i FrrJrirfTfl m f I$ r.All Types of Eft silage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky. ' 'GBTPBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aS AIVTPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because itiidathe system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atche same time Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andjn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BlcodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.S.VOTNiOT.Jimmmmawi WOT,TWIN BROS.Department Store This WeeksAprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.TWIN BROS,,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyBloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Eheum, Pimples, Bas-Eczema lies, Dandrulf and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "1 haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.The Frankness of Women.Though the male was never takenat his own valuation by women, forthe f.rst time in modern history women are beginning to say so. AlorleyRoberts in "Thorpe's Way."kkTA vm&f7X&Mfi&m&9JmmMmmm-m ---- . . XmK4ha IFor the Teeth.The chemical action of peroxide ofhydrogen upon gold teeth, whichmakes an unpleasant taste in the ,mnnth pan ho fJp5trriTPri hv nsinsr saltwith the liquid. Its whitening virtuesare excellent. Ift',snt made for any certain climate, but is made to with ,weatner conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in ftebHterest coldonSemande oVly "SSS ProcesslJnd universally Sffiffi?tiffi sranAMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, 111.!ParisXumber and Manufacturing Co., P&ns, Ky.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that w are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wasli of Oil of "Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D.,' can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because Tha records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, ustmtotalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & SonLexington TROTSOctober 3-14Greatest in the WorldTTX-TT A T 1.KQ3 World's Champion TrotterU 11 JLi jM 1M 1 . D O4 Appears Three Times.$21,000 Futurity - - Tuesday, Oct, 33,000 Tennessee Stake - Tuesday, Oct. 35,000 Futurity - - Wednesday, Oct. 43,000 MGDowell Stake Wednesday, Oct. 4' . :5,000 Transylvania Stake Thursday, Oct. 5Great Free For All Pace Friday, Oct 68,000:Champ. Stallion Stake Mond'y, OGt. 93,000 Walnut Hall Cup '- Monday, Oct. 92,000 Free For All Trot Tuesday, Oct. 10Every World's Champion from Yearling up, PresentSensational Racing Daily.MUSIC BY WEBER. HALP-PflRE OH RAILROADSLIivTHE BOURBON; NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUC Y SEPT. 29, 1911.DR.DOLLE'SIfJQTITIITE Where MEN are CURED.J510 I 1 1 U I E LET ME CURE YOU!FinCST EQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITCO STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALL'CCC7, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, NO PAYtg T TSPECAL.rST 'rTT"?''rrpRKiHi I i ("WKWR j MONTH II"j JkIji3Iylh JaMy IMJL 3101101 iFAMOUS FOR 20 YEARS.IHfErnlt Surgical Operations performedwith 6kill and succe6 when Burgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES i QUICKEST CURESOt any Specialist. That Stay Cared.YOUNG 3IEX AJTD AJLXi MEN, COME.OH CT PEKWAXEST CUBE, withoutI & w the knife. One troatment cures.VAPIPnPETIE: NO KNIFE. CurcdinI AtlluUUCEX One Treatment.PMPTIIPP Strieture, Etc. CurednUrl UnCy by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Boils, Ulcers. Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys, Bladder and ProstateGland, Bheamatlsm, Nervous Troubles.HYDROCELE SSfftasr1-" NoAll ca&es guaranteed and accepted on the'"D0IePlan1' of not one dollar to be paid unlesscared. Better come thousands ofmiletf to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 pace Boole Free, -which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that lean writo you justwhat 16 needed in your case.52! Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.'BLOODSONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. ( UOtanicBlood balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto' a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore andstopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for ho:.ie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlajita, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical aavice given.S-ld bv Vjrden & Son.Notice Posted.All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.29"Gt Hume and Bedfoid Pike.Jennie LmqbovnManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.amrlGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669NOTICEAll accounts due the firm of Yerkes-& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toTecpive immediate attention en account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 tf S .YE3KE K ENNSY".1Are You.POWhat makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand the strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural manner, by going to thesource of the trouble and building up the bodily strength.wARDU I Woman's TonicMrs. Grace Former, of Man, W. Va., took Cardui.This is what she says about It: "I was so weak andnervous, I could not bear to bave anyone near me. I hadfainting spells, and I lost flesh every day. The first doseof 'Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved, my life." It is the "best tonic for women.Do you 'suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui. It will help you. Ask your druggist.WfUe to: Ladies' Advisory Dent, Chatkaoot a Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tens.,tcrSpcclcl Instructions, aad 64-page book'Home Treatment lor Women." sent free. J 50To Fight High Cost of Living.Members of 'the farmers' union inBath county are taking st'eps to establish a co-operative store and a bank tobe capitalized at $35,000. The farmersare enraged at the high cost of livingand intend to buy their staples in largequantities to bring down the ordinarypurchase prices. If the movement succeeds, it is intimated that promoterswill advocate establishment of theplan in all of the .Southern Stateswhere the union is strong.Morgan Statue on the Way.The General John Hunt Morganmonument, which is to be placed inj the court house yard in Lexington hasi been shiapped from New York and isJ due to reach that city October 1.) Major Otis S. Tenney. of thej monu! merit committee, haa received a lettera mouncing this fact. The unveilirgj services will be held October 17. William Adams and buns has been giventhe contract for placing the monument.Wood Made Lasting.There are now employed a numberof processes whereby wood can be so-altered in character that it becomesalmost fireproof, and is no longer liable to dry-rot or any of the disintegrations that come under the head ofdecay. ,How's This.We offer One Hundred. Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O."We, the undersigned, have knownj F. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, and, believe him perfectly honorable inj all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.w aiding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken inter-j nally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all Druggists. .J Take Hall's Family Pills for constu-pation.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose ofjionducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handlel yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references fur-Inished. Call on me at Fordhami Hotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERCITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity CollectorNervous?has helped countlessthousands of thin, weak,delicate children madethem strong, plumpand robust.It creates an appetite,aids digestion, fills theveins with rich redbloodAfter illness or lossof weight from anycause, it brings strengthand flesh quicker thananything else.ALL DRUGGISTS11-16STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESWtiEAT, RYE. Choice Fultz seedwheat, also seed rye for sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFTjThe Simpson countjtobacro cropis already cut and in the housp whichis causing much activity among thebuyers of that section. The crop issaid to he the best grown in that county in many years.The water supplyJJIin Nicholascuunty is now plentiful and the corncrop will be far beyond expectations,causing much regret among the farmers who were hasty in shipping theirtock out of the county during the dryseason.-Tobacco'cutting in Nicholas county is in progress, but owing to the lateness of the crop occaisoned by the longdry spell the farmers are becomingrestless and while the tobacco is notyet ready for the knife it is beingrushed to the barn for fear of the early.frosts. Z Ben Longnecker, of Mason county,sold this week 100 head of cattle at4 1-2 cents per pound. A month ago hemade an effort to sell them at anyprice, being unable to feed or waterthem. He cut down a field of cornthat had been burned by the- droughtand fed it to the herd and as a resultrealized a handsome profit.In ttie Lexington Circuit CourtMrs. R. T. Lowndes, of Danville, hassued the L. & N. road for ten thousand dollars for the loss of the notedsaddle mire, Princess Sonia. She wasI shipped to the Illinois State Fair tobe shown and it is alleged, was neglected, contracted and illness fromwhich shedied.Farmers of Nicholas county, whohave sustained Jamage to sheep thisyear, will only realize about fifty centson the dollar on their claims. Up todate there (have been filed $1,900 inclaims against th dog tax fund, whichin that county amounts to about $1,000.Last years the farmers received 656ents on the dollar. The claims willeasily go over $2,000 this year.United Statps Senator Thomas H.Paynter closed a deal last week forthe purchase of the tfelleair stockfarm in Franklin county, from ThomasE. Kenney, the well known lumbermanand Jersey cattle breeder. The farmcontains 346 acres, and while he pricepaid is a private one, it is said to besomething like $120 an acre, makingthe farm bring $45,000. This farmwas bought from W. J. Lewis by Mr.Kenney some three or foar years ago,and was at that time noted as thebreeding rjlace of a number of notedtrotting horses that sold for largenrices. This is the highest orice everI paid for a farm of equal size in Frankjlin county.The big sale of registered Jerheysheld by Thos. E. Kenney in Franklincounty last week was most successful.There were buyers present from Indiana, Ohio.Tennessee, Mississippi, Missouri, Illinois and Kentucky. Eightyhead o bulls, cows and heifers soldfor a total of $12,500. The highestprice, $625. was paid for a bull by theKenlock farm, of Kirksville, Mo. Thisfarm also bought the highest pricedcow, $430. The Kenlock farm as thelargest purchaser at the sale, securing23 head for $3,095. J. A. Rodman, ofShelby county, also bought several.About fifteen ofthe best cows andheifers were bought by Franklin county farmers, Edwin Dryden securingseveral.WASH THAT ITCH AW&YIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?"But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat' terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.. If you have not already tried it, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. W assure you of instant .relief.iO.S. Varden SfSon.A Singular "DressParadeA Story of the FutureBy SADIE OLCOTT .Copyright by American Press Association. 1911.It was in the year 1920 that the matter of woman's suffrage came to ahead, woman agreeing to accept all duties of citizenship the same as men.A battalion of volunteer infantrywas organized by the government asan experiment, under command of amajor. Trouble began as soon as thematter of uniform came up for consideration. The brunettes strove fora deep red with black facings, whilethe blonds favored either pale blueor pink. The matter was voted upon,and, the brunettes being in the majority, the red won. A pattern for thesuit was adopted, the trousers beingvery full and reaching only to theknee. Since the first decade of thecentury, when women Ix'irrn to vpp.rhats of different shapes. iiHk'pendeiii cin this matter had been con;i:nia!!.vgrowing. It was therefore found impossible to agree upw a uniform hut.and each woman was permitted towear any shaped head covering shepleased.The members of the rlgiment were '. 1ordered to rendezvous in camp. Thequartermaster, a, man who had beencharged withthe work of establishingthe camp, provided only such equipment As he had been used to providing for men. During the morning ofthe date of assembly the women soldiers came flocking in. the quartermaster receiving them and instructingthem in the uses of the equipment.What was his consternation to seevans, wagons, carts, without limitdrive up loaded with trunks, valisesand other articles of baggage. NThehat boxes alone, most of them prodigious, occupied" more space than thebelongings of a regiment of men.He telegraphed at once for 500 hospital tents, which gave each womanone for her baggage. Fortunately thetents arrived while the weather wasyet fine, ai.l no damage was done byexposure. A dress parade was ordered,for 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and people flocked in from city and country tosee this popular military ceremony.When the call sounded and the linewas formed it was plain that muchmust bo done for uniformity. Hereand there a blond had disregardedorders and had her uniform made ofpink or blue. Some who were what iscommonly called spindle shanked had(heir trousers made to reach the foot.But the greatest irregularity was inthe hats. There were small invertedsugar bowl hats, Chinese conical hats,hats with enormous crowns, hats withsmall crowns, hats with brims as largeas cartwheels. Then there were feathers plucked from every bird from thehumming bird to the ostrich. The government inspector from Washingtonput on a pair of spectacles and as hecast his eyes along the line his browdarkened. But he had orders fromthe inspector general not to be toorigid with the battalion, which fromthe nature of 'the case needed a greatdeal of latitude.The troops having been brought toan open order and a parade rest, hewalked down the front of the line. Atthe first glaring breach of uniformityhe reached he made a few remarks.He did not repeat them. The soldierswhose apparel he had found faultwith began a defense, which lastedfifteen minutes and was not even discontinued when the insp'ector movedon.As he passed along at the rear hisposition might be noted by the womanho was behind putting her hand to herhack hair.Having gone through the inspectionperfunctorily he assumed his originalposition, and the major commandingwas directed to put the battalionthrough the manual of arms. Her firstorder was "Attention," the second"Shoulder arms!" At the latter orderevery musket went up and every hatof extra size was knocked off and rolled on the ground. A brisk breezeblowing at the time carried many ofhem away, rolling' them-over the parade ground.The situation was very embarrassingto the commander. How to get thehats back on the women's heads involved a puzzle. TO break ranks during a dress parade .would be unmilitary. yet the hats could not be permitted to remain the sport of the wind.There were boys looking on whomight be hired to chase them and pickthem up, but only the women knewtheir own hats. The crowd looked expectant. There were some jeers. Theinspector stood in a soldierly attitude,with arms folded. Decisions amongsoldiers cannot be long delayed, andthe major was forced to act."Stack arms!""Break ranks and chase hats!"There was a scurrying over the fieldby women who were fat and womenwho were ' lean, tall women, shortwomen indeed, all shapes The fatones fell on their hats and crushedthem; the tall ones on stooping to pickup their property were knocked overby the short ones.Finally the hats were recovered, thewomen "fell in" and the ceremony proreeded. When the band paraded theflrum major, who bad been selected,of course, for her height, produced avery marked impression on the spectators. Her headpiece, the size-andshape of a flour barrel, was surmount2d by a plume resembling a column ofjmoke. Indeed, those who gazed upon:t were obliged to look at the sky aswell." ;Jur. all rthis happened'before the(voman question was finally settled.. nvn 1l 3 - ' i:i ? A Wi ' -Va C K; 7 KiVi rC ' t a aCi ? t it' ;- v si . t?v an $.n t rvtH t? ,i LZL1 ?4fJHP ,T1VjP ?XV rv.H . . 'N.BiX7- .Ss$ V nil -ju- -StS- -i-y siivJU 1?fr-yj -"3fc ''jSi'for this b:mIi W J I imtmmmm Mmon cannot knew what a good tire isuntil you try a Mickelin properly inflated. INSTOCK BYyBourbon Garage an Supply Co.,Fourth and High Streets.A COMMON ERROR.The Same Mistake is MadeMany Paris People.byIts a common errorTo plaster the aching back,To rub with liniments rheumaticjoints,When the trouble comes from thekidneys.Time to use Doan'a Kidney Pills.Here is convincin'g proof of merit.M. T. Coons, 416 S. Mill street, Lexington, Ky., says: "For severalmonths I was bothered by attacks ofkidney trouble. I felt tired nearly allthe time and had such intense back-1aches that I could not slepp. After Istooped my back pained me so severelythat I could hardly straighten. I trieda number of remedies and used liniments and plasters but I steadily grewworse. A friend finally told me ofDoan's Kidney Piils, saying that theycured him of a similar trouble.and acting on his suggestion, I procured abox. I received prompt relief fromtheir use. Nearly 'eight years havesince passed and I have not had theslightest attack of kidney trouble"For sale by all dealers. Price1 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for-the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.Kills a Murderer.rA merciless murderer is Appendicitis iwith many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Pills kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constipation, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.Town Owns Herring Brook.Brewster, Mass., owns a herringbrook, and at the town meeting everyyear, following an old custom, a committee is elected by ballot to catch thefish and dispose of them. The proceeds are turned into the town treasury. Oh, So Greedy!Housekeeper "I've noihing hot toryou, but I can give you a little something cold." Tramp "All right, mum;make it a little cold cash, if you wilL"RHEUMATISMCured by the MarvelJ of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpureBotonical Ingredients. -To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich jpure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making apenfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheamedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or- cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Sampio s:nt free by writing Blooduni o . Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble rad free medical advicegi.'ori. c Id by Varden & 3on.t J1 ry sa.li-J jA-as- f-r i irS HF r J S3 I AJ,?1af ftVVg- - -' -"-& F-. son Leading Gararcs 8Attacks School Principal!A sclvere attack on school principal,Chas B. Allen, of Sylvania", Ga., isthus told by him. "For more thanthree years,' he writes, "I sufferedindescribable turtutre from rheumatism, Liver and stomach trouble anddiseased kidnys. All remedies failedtill I used Electric Bitters, but - fourbottles of this wonderful remedy curedme completely.,, Such results arecommon. Toousands bless them "torcuring stomach trouble, female chmplaints, kidney disorders, biliousness,and for new health and vigor. - Trythem. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.A Popular License.Aviation licenses are being issued toyoung women now, but the majoritywill, no doubt, continue to prefer themarriage license. Washington Her-ald.ifrruix rs- -,yIOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showinga. moderately priced one,, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsfchis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here. 'Mrs. Corne Watson Baird. "firmiuarg0ien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.MargoleniLParis, Ky.Jv:ijd iWtUjt5S ffjaJMssIi' ii '.KIui!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, ,1911.MW""M""'""''",'IMIIIIIIMa,IIIM"'!THE BIGiFireSaleMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. G. B. Smith was in LexingtonTuesday.Positively EndsSaturday, Sept. 30.4Price Lower Thans.Before.Don't Miss This Sale if YouValue Money.B, WEISSBERGHome for Better Clothes426 Main Street Paris, Kentucky9&SCHOOL SHOESFit Your Girls and Boys with a Pair of Our GoodWearing Up-to-Date School Shoes. ;Every Shoe, in this collection is' made of Rood material that will standr oughwear. The styles are up-to-datef and insure the welter a comfortable fitting Shoe.iThe prices are unusually low, quality considered, and could not beduplicated at any other store unless at much higher prices.VWe are now ready with many entirely new Fall styles for Men,Women and Children that are exclusively shown at our store.Specials For This WeekLadies' Gun Metal ButtonShoes, Latest Fall styles,hight toes and heals.Special$1.99Ladies' Bench-made Shoesin Velvet, Tan and GunMetal.Special.$2.99Boys' Box Calf Shoes, OakSoles and Counters. Willi,tand rough wear.Special.$1.2LittleShoes.SpecialGents' Box Calf99cMen's latest style Tan, GunMetal and Patent Colt Button and Lace.Special.$2.49Men's Gun Metal ButtonShoes, $2.50 value.Special$1.99Come to Us for Your Foot wear We SaveYou MoneyDAN COHEN336 Main StreetParis, Kentucky.J At The Big Electric Sign. DI I.-- . " y ? c-'m '. - VBorn, Saturday. September 23, toMr. and Mrs. E; R. Hurt a son.Mrs. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, wasthe guest of Mrs. Wj G. Dailey Tuesday. Airs. T. J. Prather was the gueat ofMrs. Clarence Lydick at CynthianaTuesday.Mr. and Mrs. Deans and son leftTuesday for a week's visit to relativesin Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stewart, of Carlisle, were guests of Dr. an' Mrs. W.M. Miller Thursday,iMr. T. R. Wilson will leave Tuesdayto take charge of the L. & N. office atNepton for a few weeks.Mrs. Sophia Daugherty, of Cynthiana, will arrive today as the gueat ofher niece, Mrs. Ashby Leer.Mr. Walden Chanslor left Thursdayfor his home in Cincinnati after several weeks' visit to relatives here.Mrs. E. M. Ingles attended thefuneral of Mr. David Leeman at Midway and burial at Lexington Tuesday.Mr. and Mrs. 0. H. Collier and Mrs.A. T. Moffett left Wednesday forMammoth Cave and will return Saturday. 'Don't forget the faculty recital atM. F. C. Chapel tonight. All friendsand patrons of the institution are invited. Mr. William Dykes and family leftWednesday for Indianapolis, Ind.,where they' will make their futurehome.Misses Mattie and Sallie Mclntyreand niece. Caroline Mclntrye, wereguests of Mrs David Hood at NeptonSaturdayMr. Steve Vaught, of the RichmondClimax, was the guest of bis parents,Dr. and Mrs. J. 0. A. Vaught, Monday and Tuesday.Cadet Wigglesworth.of the M. M. I..returned from his home at CynthianaMonday where he has been for severaldays having his eyes treated.Dr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller, Mrs. M.J. Caldwell and daughter, Miss LauraJefferson, attended thejiuneral of Mr.R . J. Neely at Paris yesterday.Rev. Swift and family were install?ed in the Methodist parsonage Thursday. They have been boarding at theStirman Husa djring the past week.Miss Nannie Barbee, of Danville,was the guest of her msister, Mrs.Sallie Best, from Saturday until Tuesday. She was'enroute from a visit toLouisville.Mrs. M. R. Collier has returnedafter a several wekes' visit to herdaughters, Mesdames W. G. McClinccck, of Paris, and William Bedford atLexington.Mesdames Davi 1 Hood, LesterRobinson and baby, of Nepton, andMrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,wee guests of the Misses MclntryeMonday and Tuesday.Beasley Bros., of Lexington, received five cars of feed cattle here Tuetday, which were sold by the followingr Messrs. Ashbv Lee-, A. S. Miller, Charles Martin, John Marr andMrs. J. W. Letton.Mr. David Wells and family, of Mt.Olivet, weie guests of his brother, Mr.M. P. Wells Monday night. They wereenroute to Nashville, Tenn., wherethey will spend the winter and theirson will enter Bible College.The following auto party who aretoruing Kentucky were guests at theTaylor House Tuesday night: Mr. andMrs. 0. F. Barrett, Walnut Hills, Circinnati; Mrs. Longmore and grandson,of Texas and Mr. Longmore, rit Louis,Mo. vMrs. W. M. Hancock, who has beenthe gue9t of her mother and sister,Mrs. Louie Clarke and daughter, MissM. B. Clarke, left Wedesday for afew days' visit to relatives at Louisville and St. Louis before returning toher tome at Dallas, Texas.Rev. R. S. Sanders attended a callmeeting of the Ebenezer Preb3yteryof the Southern Presbyterian churchat Covington Monday, todissolve therelationship of Dr. Glass with theMadison Street church. He was alsoat Wilmore on business Tuesday.Services' Sunday morning and evening at the Prebsyterian and Methodistchurches by their pastors, Bible schoolat Christian church at 9:30. Morningservice at 10:45, subject, "Heaven onEarth." Evening service at 7 subject,"The 'Lake of Fire." All cordiallyinvited to all these services.The formal opening of the M. F. C.took place Wednesday morning at 9o'clock in the chapel. Notwithstanding the fact that the time had beenhastily arranged and it was notgenerally known, quite a number werepresent. Interesting addresses weremade by Dr. J.,0. A. Vaught, Rev.Watts, 'Rev. Swift, Rev. Weir andElder Troy. The school is about fulland others are yet to come. We are.sorry that space will not permit us togive a complete outline of the addresses as they were all good and appropriate. The foot bull team at the M. M. I.has been organized and is being coached'by Capt. Henderson, who is working them hard notwithstanding thehard weather. The team is a heavi rweight than any of the past severalyears and gives promise of brilliantsuccess during the season. The firstgame will be with the Cynthiana HighSchool Saturday afternoon, October 7.Cadet Gentry, who is captain of theteam is booking dates. The completeschedule will be given in the nearfuture. Following is the ine-up:Cooper, center: Oldham, left guard:Gentry, left tackle; Blackburn, leftend: Hurtel, right guard ; Miller, center: McClure, right tackle ;F. Wiggles-worth, right end; E. Wigglesworth,fullback; Hanis, right half; Rice,left half.Juilan Adair, of this place, acted asAssistant Supeiintendent of the poul-1try show at Louisville last week, ahdgives a very interesting account of the j'displays at the State Fair. He saysthere were 2,200 chickens and SOUpigeons on exhibition and that some ofthe best chickens sold as high as $750each while quite a number' brought300 each. Mr. Adair took nine bluesand four reds on his Black Orpingtons.I am prepared to do all kinds oftypewriting work. Letters, manuscripts, contracts or anything youmay desire. Call on me at the McCounell jewelry store. Home phone 95.4t MRS. AARON McCONNELL.Sunday will be rally day at thePresbyterian Sunday school. Serviceswill beign at 9:30. AH members ofthe church are cordially invited tomeet with the Sunday School.We desire to thank the people ofMillersburg and, community for themany kindnesses to us during the illness of our father, Mr. M. H, Current.MRS. J. D. CRAIG,MRS. W. F. JUDY.MR. E. B. CURRENT.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfThe Poultry Yard.Market the surplus rfUck.The caponizing season is now ended.Peter Tumbledown's grownc stockare runts. .-rIf we have not access to road dust,we may take some field earth, fine andfree from lumps.There are several signs that" indicategood health a bright red comb, activity, readiness for food, and a glossyand smooth appearance of the feathers. tThe new roads have made it a littlemore difficult for some of us to getdust for our chics, but almost alwaysthere are little places where we canfind some.Under no circumstances should anunhealthy bird be allowed a place inthe breeding pen, since such cannotfail to have an extremely injuriouseffect on the progeny.I like the wire nests in the henhouse.I have thrown away the bulky insectharboring wooden boxes. One can putthree wire nets in the space usuallyoccupied by a wooden box, and thereis not a place in cr around the wirenests for an insect to live.Place the nullets in their winterI quarters, before they start laying, lc1 gives them a good chance to becomeI annnQinfarl rotth thoir natn Iinmo PlnQThe Paris Distilling Co. will cegm a china egg in cach nest so as to gul-dethe opreation i of its plant near this them to the proper place to lay theircity on Novebmer 1. Upward of 10 000 eggs when they get ready. This mor thbarrels of whiskey will be manufac- Anrii WnhPrl millets should hpain U v.ing,Operations Soon to Aegin.tured during the run wnich will con-f nue until about the first of April. rHis Day of Fate.An odd story of a dream of ill-omencomes from Sunderland, Durham, England. A young shipyard laborerdreamed that he would be killed, and'therefore he did not go to work Inthe morning. In the afternoon hewent to bathe in the River Wear, andgetting into deep water was drownedbefore help could reach him. Theefforts of his companions to save himwere unavailing, through the swiftness of the currentWhen the crops becomes very largr,and the fowls show signs of the disease, keep them away from all focd,allowing only water, for forty-eichthours. Then give them all they willeat of finely chopped onions, allwoingthem nothing else but water for several hours more, or until they show theyare relieved. I have never known theromedy to fail. From October Fatm"Oimal. HHNo Vipers In New World.Africa is the home or the typicalvipers. No species -of the true viperinhabits the new world, though several kinds of snakes are commonlyso called. The viperine snakes of thishemisphere belong to a sub-family ofthe vipers, known technically as theCrotaiinae. "Under this head come therattlesnake, copperhead, water moccasin, bushmaster and the fer-de-lance.Irreverent' Youth.On a recent publication day of anewspaper printed out west, a boy,some ten or twelve years of age, cameinto the office, and, with a peculiargrin on his face, inquired, "if that paper," pointing to the copy, "has anaccount of the man that has been murdered in Dele van?" He was answered in the affirmative, when depositing five cents upon the table, heremarked, with an air of self-importance,"Well that's my dad, and 1want to read about him." BostonHerald.Snail Millions of Years Old.A petrified prehistoric snail embedded in the heart of a large piece ofblue lias stone, was discovered a fewdays ago- by quarrymen' working atCheddar Cliffs, Wales, upon somelarge boulders of stone which weredisplaced in the landslide which occurred some years ago. The discovery is distinctly interesting to thegeologists on account of the great ageof the find, as, situated upon a verylow strata, it must be millions ofyears since the snail lived.Remains of Old-Time Fortress.Archaeological, researches made ata spot some 20 miles from Kars, Russia, have brought to nt a completely intact stone fortress of prehistoricdate. The masonry of the primitivelydesigned forts and bastions is somewhat roughly, v but extremely welllaid. Among the 'many and variousobjects found are quite a number ofwell-preserved figures of heathengods, mostly in animal forms and ina kind of hard-baked potter's clay.Same Old Human Nature.From the fresco paintings of women in Cretan palaces of the periodabout 2000 B. C. it is learned that thewomen of that time pinched in theirwaists, had flounced or accordion plaited skirts, wore an elaborate coiffureon their heads, shoes with high heelsand hats which might have come froma Parisian hat shop, while one womanmight be described as wearing a jupeculotte.Uses of Nitrate of Soda.Sodium Nitrate is the only nitrogensalt that can be used in solution, asall the other soluble salts of nitrogenbecome fixed as soon as they come incontact with the soil. However, theybecome available in a short time. Thereleased sodium may correct soil acidity or may liberate calcium, potassiumor magnesium from the soil.FOR SALE.International Corn Huskergood asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.23 tf R. F. D. No. 3.A Hare's Daily Sea Bath.A hare which had made a dallypractice of swimming in the sea atCley,' to the delight of visitors, hasbeen captured by some local fishermenin a boat. They chased the animalseaward for 300 yards before theycame up with it. The hare was thenexhausted and was easily captured.London Daily Mail.We Want YourJohworkus toseeYou will wanthave it when youour samples and hear:: :: OUR PRICES :: ::Call at tfris office tvhenin need of anythingin the line ofPRINTINGIfW I inA ii forlitifir.Qillm v n v m. . u w i n m . -v m m m rver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only car-I ries the very best in Solid Silver I5 and we can dve vou anvfhinorfroma teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers."The House of Qualifcr."Both Phones.I Botlj""jaAib-,--4- A -'J's