THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND- FRIDAY IN THE YEARPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTMEBER 5, 1911.VOLUME XXXI.3!STTT41,rienil-weewii spiais SAt TheSIMONStore.BOURBON FAIROffers Choice Cash Prizes ForColt Stake and Saddle SweepstakeOther Valuable Premiums For Show StockA Superior Poultry And Pigeon Exhibit Assured.r"WE KNOW HOWI99 2Dep'tThursday, Sept 7,10c Lawns at Half-price,5c per yard.Sale Begins 9 a. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE A beautifulreceived.line of Neckwear justI received.HiaaBMeHHHBvvwiiHiwi Specials Forl FAIR WEEK IhThe S60.00 Colt Stake.The $200 Saddle Sweepstake,And scores of valuable premiumsare sure to bring -the most attractive exhibit of stock ever shown at theBourbon Fair.The poultry and pigeon exhibit willbe the best ever shown at a countyfair. Prize birds from all over thecountry will be here Sept. 5-9 fivedays and evenings.Attractive premiums are offered forevery class of live stock.Entrance free to all classes and allpremiums paid in cash. .Among the special premiums of morethan ordinary value are,The $100 Roadster Sweepstakes;The $200 Harness Sweepstake;The $50 Suckling Mule premium,And others.Will Open Kindergarten.Mrs. E. L. Harris moved Friday tothe cottage en High street recentlyvacated by Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Board.This week Mrs. Harris will open akindergarten school at her home, having been preparing herself for thiswork during the summer.And Winter Hats-,iStandard Granulated Sugar, 15 lbs SI. 00Imported Swiss Cheese, per lb 35Brie Cheese, per lb 30N. Y. Cream Ceeese, per lb '- 20"Rnilorl TTpm npr lb 1 35w Minced Ham, per lb -- -.Ws Old Reliable Coffee, 2 lbs . 55K Arm & Hammer Soda," 3 "lbsn -ASftiVs4Lenox Soap, 3 bars.25.10ww(Vs(USBuffalo Gnat Blamed for PellagraThe huffalo gnat has been fixed uponby Henry Garman, a government bacteriologist and entomologiat, as thecause of the mysterious disease,pellagra, which has been spreading inthe mountain regions of Kentucky.Mr. Garman has been conducting investigations into the cause of the disease in Whitley county, where thepellagra cases are most numerous, andhas been aided in his researches byDr. Grim, a governmenf expert.Just how the gnat communicates thedisease is not known, but both scientists beileve they are on the righttrnnk- and p.vp.ntuallv will find a curefor thedisease, which so far has baffledphysicians who have had it underobservation. The buafflo gnat existsin great numbers all through theSouth.Several new cases of pellarga haveHpvplnnpd in the mountain districts,but no new victims have been foundin the three State asylums.Dunlap and Stetson Hats for Fall and Winter arenowready for your inspection. You will find in our line all the,new shapes, both in Stiff and Soft Hats. The RoughScratch Hat in Creys and Browns are popular this season.Our Fall Suits and Overcoats in light and heavyweight in the new shades are now ready for youriinspection.Don't Overlook Our Shoe Department.Lenox Soap, 8 bars , " ''; ;;. 25Blueing, 2 boxes . 05Argo Starch, 3 boxes 15 gals. Oil, the Best 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBm Ribbon Flpur, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40Mitchell & Blakcmorc,Purest 'artesian wellwater on all parts of theBourbon Pair Grounds,convenient for the public to drinK.SI?iOutfitters to MenParis,Kentucky(&Bicycle Headquarters.The best makes of bicycles in stockat reasonable prices. Full lines ofbicycle repairs remember we arebicycle headquaiters.29 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.F. O. LENIHAN, Prop.MSIVAtk5fc Both Phones 234t Watch this Space Next Week, ty-&rt ?' T7- ?'- --...-- -- -- '($aSLDEATHS.KTiXIlIIMIIl IIIII11JII:1 IUIIO.11 1 II11I 1 I111I II1I111IIII II III! I IIIII II II Mil II I1I1I1II III1I I II IIIIIIIII I IIUIJMIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIMIIIcavatT3!5fcI--vm-&-3m5vmSHIRTSsA SFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.vyfr-:'ivi3fe1911-&&$We Are Showing All the NewShirts for Fall.MmmmvslPThe Fountain at $1.00The Price Shirt at $1.50Fancy Patterns, with Collar tomatch, at $1.25s&rrasmPrice & Co.,3PSZi&Clothiers.mssssmMrs. fAnna Daugherty Massle,aged 74 years, died at her home onVine street Friday af trnoon Hat 4 :30o'clock after a protracted illness ofuraemic poison.Mrs. Massie has been in declininghealth for about a year, and twomnnfhs ncn suffered an attack fromw which she never recovered. A week2V. Il j i.i. :t. 1: i u,oeiore ner ututu ic wua leaiiiKu aucwas bevond the aid of medical skill.Thursday sh,e was seized with convulsions and her son, Mr. Wm. C. Massie,and other relatives were summoned toher bedside. Friday she was consciousat intervals during the day and conversed with those about her.In spite of her advanced age andprior to the illness which terminatedin her death, Mrs. Massie displayedunusual vitality and was consideredone of the most active of our agedcitizens.Mrs. Massie was the daughter of thelate Thomas and Eliazbeth Daughertyand was born near Millersbursr. Earlyin lite she united with the Methodistchurch but after her marriage to Mr.W. W. Massie she withdrew hermembership and joined the Presbyterian church.Being of a retiring disposition Mrs.Massie devoted much of her time inher home. She was a woman of acharitable nature and readily responded to appeals' in sickness and distress.She was devoted to missionary workand for a number of years kept amissionary in the field.In 1857 when she was eighteen yearsof age she was united in marriage toMr. W. W. Massie. Together theywent to housekeeping in the propertynow occupied by Mrs. James Earlywine on Main street. Later theypurchased the property at the cornerof Vine street and Scott avenue uponwhich was erected the home in whichshe died.Mrs. Massie reared to manhood twosons, Mr. Wallace, Massie, who died atPnnhkeensie CoIIpcp. at. tho noro nf 9.1years, and Mr. Wm. Massie, nf Paris,wno survives.The funeral services were held Friday afternoon from her late residenceat 5 o'clock and were conducted by herpastor, Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive. Theremains were consigned to the familymausoleum in the Paris cemetery.The following were the pall-bearers :James McClure, George R Bell,Thomas Jones, Robt, (J. Talbott, (Jhas.Stephens, Charlton Alexander, W. H.Harris and Col. E. F. Clay.siIBmmmCORDIALLY INVITEYou to make their store your headquartersat all times. When you come to Paris duringBourbon Fair be sure and make us a call.v&Newest styles in Fall and Winter Ready-to-Weargarments for Ladies', Misses and Children now ready for your inspection.Suits, Separate Skirts, Cloaks, Waistsand Dresses.An elegant assortment of Reay-to-Wear Hatsin Ladies, Misses and Children. See ournew White Hats with Veils and have one ;toxri,' -f" 4rr HiVVttO.1 IU HAS X CIXJL . j ' ', . -' - -". f - JL-"-,-Frank & Co.Paris, - KentuckyiiiimHuimiiinrinminnunHiimimiuiinniiniumim112i51$$- J-irl.''W3tJ3fifM'lt3hli$a'.!5t3Si'm'rr .--'J7T( J7 J7VHKir4, .HuSliniinBiYiffigHiBHpS mT jmj 15 Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFheproof Stcrmproof Last as long as the building and neverr.eed repairs. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.WBreasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.'HONE BETTER.fflm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THET&b fP !fLOWRY &iBourbont$ SJ&4 fKh &2m iJ2-XJ . . , T .VVr ffXf " " r 'DAVIS & FUNK, Props. ,Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.BourbonParis,KentuGky?faHKMEBS( Cinetlnithy ) '"Land of the Sky," "Sapphire Count ry5Southern Railway. the ideal vacation spot.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1011Special Train leaves Lexington 9:00 p. m., consistingof Pullman Drawing Room Sleeping Cars, Pullman Observation Sleeping Cars and Modera Day Coaches, Electrically Lighted. Dining Cars serving all meals.LOW ROUND TRIP FARESLEXINGTON TOFinal Limit to Return Until September 27.DIVERSE ROUTE -Going direct and returning via Chattanooga(Lookout Mountain) or the reverse. $1.50 additional.LIBERAL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.For full information, booklet and sleeping car reservations, call onany ticket agent or writeH. C. KING, P. & T. A., W. A. BECKLER, Gen. Pass.'Agent,141 E. Main Street, Ingels Building,Lexington, Ky., Phone 49.ORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguisJies our jlfonitments from cdl otJiers, while prices areIONE CHZAPE72GARDENis a real pleasure if you havetke right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withles-s labor than you ever did before. TALBOTTLaundryA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofeour-o. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enableb usto gt your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,IAL EXCURSIONTO-Asheville. N. .f Aslieville, X. C. $7-5Waynesvillc, N. C. ) RIlerudersouville, N. C. 5Lake Toxaway, N. C. 5q 50Cincinnati, Ohio.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH, 'PHONES, 124.-!SWIFT CHAMP. - -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,caUs on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$L.OO.Payable inSmall Boy and Man are Ready.The small boy always knows whenthe circus is coming to town. Indeedhe does. No one knows how he knowsit. It is in the air and gets to himlong before Dan Robinson's pictureand the picture of the jumping ladiesand'the Nuimdian lion and the Bengaltiger and the big snakes from thejunles of India or Africa appear on theboard about the streetsr It certainlyreaches him by a sort of wireless telegraphy. Thrills of excitement and anticipation begin to agitate in his miad.The poorer he is the less propsect hehas of seeing the big three ring performance, the more excited and agitated he becomes! Doubt as to whether he may be able to get in only enhtmppR t-hp zest of the occasion. Hewill willingly go to school through therain ard will help his mother with thehousework every afternoon in theweek if there is the least hint fromher that the process will land him aseatThe boy in good circumstances whocarries the calm assurance that whenthe time arrives his way will be paidby his father, is secretly envied, butas a matter of fact he does not tastethe full flavor of the circus spirit. Itis the little boy who sells papers orhas to earn his own money who knowsthe supreme ecstacy of exchangingthe hoarded nickels for a seat.With his boyish imaigiation hedreams about it before it comes. Heis sure to be at the depot to see thetrains come in and he follows eveiystep of the pitching of the temporarycamp with wide open mouth and eyes.The little fellow follows the paradefrom end to end of the town and ..backagain, and to him it is on1 long succession of delights.And when the hour comes for thedoors of the big tent to open and thesmall bov secures a seat he is about asI hnnnv as the averaee mortal sets tobe this side of tne gates of paradise.it is all so real and so neautirui. neglitter of the spangles dazzles his eyesand ptnetrates to his soul. To hisyoung undiscriminating eye the marksof vac-nr nnn tear r.n the crrtnn nndyellow tights are invisible. It is allactual silk and gold and diamonds andbeauty and dash and danger andttrentah and grace and agility andease.Tne Madamoiselle with the Frenchname and Signorina with the Italianname fire his heart. The fact that thelady is on the shady side of thirty, hasthe features, shoulders and girth of aman, and could lick a blacksmith withone blow of her fist matters not tohim. To the ardent, poetic eye of theyouth she is eighteen, tender, gracefuland altogether lovely. Many a manwould give all he has to be a boy againand the circus is the nearest he evergets to the v ish.Paris, Monday, September 11.Variations of the Kiss.It Is an aot of politeness in partsof Germany to kiss the hand of alady, but in Italy this nrlvilege is allowed only to near relatives, whilein Russia it is extended to kissing theforehead.Poor Business Methods.Short postage on letters and advertising matter sent from this countryto Colombia is so common that abusiness man in Bogota declares hohas been obliged, in a single year topay nearly $60 in fines on such underpaid missives.Condition oi State Treasury.The following is thy monthly- statement of the condition of the StateTreasury 'feat the close of businessThursday :Balance in sinking fund, $191,466 04.Balance in school funds, $434,203.07.Deficiency in general expenditurefunds, S347.504.26.Balance in treasury, $278,065.05.Satirist Net Popular.There's a great temptation to saycutting things. They sound clever.People laugh at them. They're interesting. Nothing is so absorbingly interesting as scandal. But of all thebad habits a man may fall into thisI will alienate him most from his fellows. It you are going in for sayingbitter and sharp things about peopleyou'd bes( pick out a desert island atonce and go there and live.Indian Refining Co. Suspends.The Indian Refining Company, ofGeorgetown, announced Friday thatthe crude and light oil departments,which were shut down August 15 onaccount of the scarcity of water, wouldnot resume operations before January1, 1912, as a constant and sufficientsupply of water cannot reasonably beexpected before that time. Temporaryarrangements have been concluded totake care of the work of these departments at the other refineries of thecompany. The lubricating works andthe barreling and grease house willcontinue to be operated at , fullcapacity.KENTUCKY SEPT. 4,NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyv of MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNE1Tof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIU3of PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMAN"of WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENE .of Franklin lFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYWHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherBkin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation wo have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although" there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognizedas the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G.:S. Varden & Son,How's This.JgWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable inall business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon fie bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constupation. A Losing Game.Gramercy We can't afford to givea dinner in the house. Besides, wehaven't the things. Mrs. GramercyPshaw! We can borrow the silver.Gramercy Yes, and have the guestscarry most of it away as souvenirs.JudgeNo More Silk Hat Heroes.The hero who wears an immaculatetqp hat is getting rare in novels. Perhaps this decline has some relation tothe lessening popularity of the hat inreal life. Certainly "Ouida" wouldnever have dreamed of turning out ahero without his being silk-hatted oruniformed to the last degree. BookMonthly.No Discredit to Honest Men.It is undoubtedly true that thereare honest men who have been treatedas cheats and liars, but it also happens that the ones who have treatedthem as such are the real cheats andliars.1911.Do touf LU1I1K. VUU. ... j4.t:iSion or trauetite, and lay11.... ., t u:.: - i,i.ri,n& jmr. ? 1 h t .nMmHrS?6Mi. It ifa remedy prepared by Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y., whose advice is given free to all who wish to write him. Hisgreat success has come from his wide experience and varied practice.Don't be wheedled by a penny-grabbing dealer into taking inferior substitutes for Dr. Pierce's medicines, recommended to be "just as good. Ur.Pierce's medicines are of known composition. Their every ingredient printed2nEdE. Made from roots without ajcohol Contain no habitiorming drugs. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, IS. r.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'FHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.ssssEtf&ggigXaexsSigy"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryDodson & OnionPARIS, KY.QsSJiC&rSi'XQ&slH?2East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour- fbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Xittlef Rock anRuddles Mills."Whenyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C "It was all full of pimples andscars, hut after using D. D. D. Erescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema,. and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with, this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.Want It All for Themselves.There are men who love liberty somuch that they not only grow selfishbut actually do get excited when someone else dares to suggest that othersshould be allowed the right to enjoy.the use of some of itDo You Feel This Way?feel all tired out? Do you sometimes.. ic oonT wi:rn. anav ai tuui uiuita-juju w - '--"f ,.. 9 Tin -von have a ooor ans-any iuug-i . - j- --awake at nights unable to sleep? Are., ond imiir stnmach too r lias am-your nerves ait gu" " ,- --- - Trbition to forge ahead in the world left you? If so, youmight as well put a stop to your nnsery. You can do it iyou will. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery willmake you a different individual. It will set your lazy liverto work. It will set things right in your stomach, andyour appetite will come back. It will purify your blood.If there is any tendency in your family toward consumption,it will keep that dread destroyer avvay. Even after con-.: !,. .ol.c- iaintA a frrtfir1H in the fOim Ot 3.nf thft limits, it will Joring about aand be satisfied.youProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Cp.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Jttmh LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.m2yp&&Dr. J. M. Lacock, :DENTIST,UpStairsOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest- - "-DR. A. B KELLliJK,PRAcriciNa Physician,OfficesRooms 4 and 5, Elk's BlcPgParis - - Kentucky,Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait?. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.rA-r v .. v- -v.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, SEPT. 4, 1911,f Jggf. h 'flWMfV.MiawfrnnrmfwnfB'AND YET AGAIN.:'.SJob PrimtincjHNIGHT LETTERGRAMWORK DONE 'WHEN PROMISEDThfl Postalfelegraph-Caljla Company. (tncQrporated) trjspittsand rfttKsjwghtkttifip'JflisiibiicttiMatirmp inVnnrfIffnr rtntA an 4ttfi-ifV nf iM hfonlf 1 ai iDPtiKr 11 tfir-viv rrorilT.lthe terms aritt conditions printed witfttbacfc of this blank.CLARENCE H. MAC KAY. PnMlorHT.vReCEIVEO AT-vOEUVEY.No.., 148?aiclaMght:le.tteg,, j, p 'pfciGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!..!-5ssTRE J9B R0OfflS OFTHEH 275: ice i? jb"Detroit ffiLclu iUiigv 3. '3.911.-. -.----st---SOUKBOtfAJUGS & SUP 'J0.'-piris; KY. " -1ByRBNNews.Flanders 20 wins the 800 mile St Louis to Kansas City re- .liability run Score 998 two points penalty only for loosenut on fender Pour days of heavy driving sand and mud t landers 'Jworked perfectly throughout run defeating Marraon cadlllac hudsoxkInternational Ohio "buicic parry Mitchell- and ford Every cardefeated by Glanders 20 except ford was muc!i hlghesr priced carthan f landers and the ford was completely disqualif led.Dealers and observers all along the line enthusiastic :over the cars wonderful performance.. Following three perfectroad scores in iowaa little Qlidden Flanders 20. has won everyevent in' which she has been entered the gruelling MOD milesrAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Minneapolis to Helena reliability run the Worcester hill climbwhere she cut f ortyseven seconds of:t the formerjrecord" and now'the st Louis to Kansas city reliability run.' Inevery "event.she has defeated many c&rs of far greater size and price .Elanders "20" as well as E-M-F "30cars are sold by5?Bourbon Garage & Supply CoCorner Fourth and High Streets Paris, Kentucky Phone 347nracExsrjciiLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Chickens and Humans.There is constant chatter while thepullets are eating a flow of table-talkthat would delight the heart of a hostess. But in the cockerel pen there isno small talk; they saw wood. Everyfellow for himself, and the choppingblock takes the hindmost. Oh, well,to each his own. And the pot hasno need to call the kettle black.The men would rather eat than talk,and the women .vould rather talk thaneat We may as well own up. Suburban Life.Only a Cow-Coroner.They were discussing a UnitedStates senator who had been a railroad attorney before he became astatesman and who," many thought,had not given up his job when he assumed his toga. "It's all rot!" saida man who knows the senator. "Henever was a railroad attorney exceptto go out and try damage cases. Why.all that man ever was was a cow-coroner!"Superstition Inane.Destiny has no pet dates just asmany fortunes have been made onFriday as on Monday ancf just asmany men have died on the tenth ason the thirteenth of the month. Thehoot of the owl is only fatal to sleep.To pass under a ladder is merely unintelligent the inside is the moredangerous side. Your great-greatgrandfatherburned witches ycu burnelectric lights. Wake up! You're notj in the dark ages. Woman's World.Impolite to Auld Cootie.In conferring the sacrament of baptism our old Scotch priests were accustomed to treat his satanic majestywith quaint incivility. The Latin wasusually translated into the vernacular,and when they came to "lilxi ab eo, immunde spiritus," the unclean spirit received his command in the broadestDoric such as "Gang oot o' the bairn,ye muckle deevil!"For the Uncertain Little Diner.Thin, white oiled paper spread under the child's plate at the table andprtPTiriinc a little way beyond willprotect the tablecloth. This will notbe noticeable, especially if it isbought in sheeting and the pieces arecut and laid smoothly on the clothWhen a piece of paper Is soiled it maybe thrown away or burned and a freshpiece substituted.Law's Dictum."Citizens eligible by law to votewhite men, black men, red men,drunken men, deaf men, dumb men,lame men, sick men, rag men, bad'men; citizens Ineligible by law to voteminors, idiots, insane, criminals,women." Bertha Knobe.4 Valuable Man."1 say," cried the ousiness man tothe detective, "some fellow has beenrepresenting himselt as a collector ofours. He has been getting in moremoney than any two of the men wehave, and I want him caught as quickly as you can." "Ah right I'll havetiim in jail in less than a week."'Great Scott, man! I don't want toput him in jail. 1 want to engagehim!" Ideas.Don't Take Him at His Word.Sometimes you hear one say helikes to be told his faults, and to haveothers tell him plainly when they don'ttlike what he does, but don't you believe it There's only one person can.tell a man his faults and still be likeby him. and that's his wife. And eve&i she would better not overdo itCbe Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.SlMMMMMMKAir Needed In Human Lungs.In one minute, In a state ot restthe average man takes into his lungsabout eight liters, or 48.8 cubic inches,of air. In walking, he needs 16 liters,or 97.6 cubic inches; in climbing, 23liters, or 140.3 cubic inches; in ridingat a trot, 33 liters, or 201.3 cubicinches; and in long-distance running,57 liters, or 347.7 cubic Inches.Simplicity Marks Mikado.In raiment, as in food, the mikado'staste Is simple to the verge of severity. At public functions he appearsin his uniform of commander-in-chiefof the army. In the privacy of privatelife he wears a frock coat No imported goods are used in the making ofhis garments. It is his wish that heshould be clothed with the productsof the industry of his own people.Where He Was Safe.a "So you have adopted a baby toraise?" we asked of our friend. "Well,it may turn out all right, but don'tyou think you "are taking chances?""Not a chance," he answers. "Nomatter how many bad traits the childmay develop, my wife can't say he inherits any of them from my side ofthe house." Life.Pride in the Family.Tin heard one dark-skinned citizen! call another a liar, and looked aroundto see where he might hide when therazors beeran to fly. But there wasno carving. Instead came this promptanswer: ' 'Deed. 1 is .a liah, but I'sede onliest liah In mah family, and yore.j whole family iz lfahs." Right therethe argument ended.Diplomacy.A North Dakota German fanner asplring to fill an appointive office wanted to keep on good terms with bothparties. At ten on election night theresult was still uncertain when he wascalled upon for a speech. "Ve meets,'he said, "to zelebrate dis gloriousvigtory. Ve knows not yet vich vayIt goes. Hurra! Hurra! Hurra!"Success Magazine.Let Them Have It.Fresh air is the best "dope" for the"babies. Chicago News.Triumph for Sandy.Sandy and his master drove up tothe small station as the train approached. "Here's yer train, sir," saidSandy. "That is not my train," replied the master, who had his ownideas about correct speech, "but It'sthe train I am going by." But it happened to be a special train and didn'tstop at the station, whereupon Sandyexclaimed: "We're tmlth wrang. forIt'B neither your train nor the aneye're gaun by, but It's the ane that'sgane by you."To Reverse Woman.The inexplicable, inherent and ineradicable habit of women of alighting backward from a car is expectedby a Coiorado trolley manager to becured by the placing of mirrors on cardoors so that the fair passengers willfeel impelled to face forward to seeIf their hat is on straight before theyalight As a davice for delaying traffie this will be a conspicuous success40,000 Splints a Minute.A machine which cuts up wood tomake matches turns out 40,000"splints," as they are called, in aminute.Hobo's Troubles."This Is a peculiar world," sighedHarry the Hobo. "I've always noticedthat the poorer cook a woman is themore likelier Nshe is to have some coldvittles for me when I ask her forthem'" Toledo Blade.Chance for an Investigator.Wasn't it J y Gould who laid thefoundation of a great fortune by thesale of rat traps? If so and you haveever tried to set one of these five orten cent affairs they sell In the department stores, you may well wonder why some one dees not follow hiffexample with a mouse trap that canbe set without losing all one's religion-Scientific American.Naturally.Boatman Peter an' rnellable to take ye out fishin'Ma'am; but Peter's nephewafther takln' ye av ye .like.Well, I hope Peter's nephew isthan Peter is? BoatmanMa'am, he's younger. Punch.6tbtonight will be-Lady-cleanerHe Is'waste of Time. j?-Most men have wasted some tiar,?!- -M,ron planning what they would do If.they had a million dollars.'.11;sMiMJHfc;Lffr2:?.1T--vtfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 5,1911,' ,MM im M W - - Mf TPREPARES FORTRYING ORDEALBeattie Has Long ConferenceWith Attorneys.AGED FATflER PRESENTJailer Permits Prisoner to Meet Counsel and Relatives Under GreatWhite Oaks In Jail Yard EveryDetail of Case as Presented byCommonwealth Is Threshed Out.Reported Suicide of Accused Murderer Creates Consternation.Chesterfield C. H., Va., Sept. 4.'Henry Ciay Beattie, Jr., spent manylong hours in consultation with oneof his two lawyers, strengtheninghimself and being strengthenedagainst today's supreme test when he" takes the stand to plead for his life.When Harry Smith, the lawyer, motored to the courthouse over theroads of the wilderness, Jailer BillCogbill, exercising a kind discretion,unlocked the iron door of the gloomylittle red brick jail behind the courthouse and let the prisoner come outand sit imder the great white oak.His father soon came to join them,and the brother, Douglas, wno hadon Friday rendered doubtful help tolis brother on the witness stand.All morning and far into the afternoon, the earnest group, with backsagainst the rough tree, kept heaas together. By and by the lawyers wentover every piece of damaging testimony that had been a part of thecommonwealth's strong case againstthe young man. Paul Beattie's incriminating story of how he had purchased the shotgun with which themurder of Henry's wife was done;the sordid details of the prisoner'slong continued relations with the girlBeulah. Binford, whom the commonWealth's attorney still holds a.? a possible witness; Henry's own story ofhow his wife had been shot down athis side in the automobile these topics were winnowed with infinite patience. When the dark began to come Jailer Bill strolled over to the group,jingling bis key. The elder Beattieembraced his son and he went backto the jail.fcReporters Are Disappointed.Into tho midst of this serenity hadburst a hurley-burley of alarm. Arumor had sprung from the groundthat Beattie had taken his own life-r""";in his cell at the Chesterfield countyjail. The report spread from theRichmond newspaper office to the hotels where the out-of-town reporters' werestaying and a string of automom biles, carrying reporters, whisked": " i. ojer the wilderness roads at breakneck speed. The group under the?? - -white oak, with the calm and self-,-contained prisoner, nattily garbed in; '-r his creased suit in the midst, waswhat the reporters saw when theirmachines panted up to the courthousegreen.Arguments of counsel upon the in-structions of the court will beginThursday, according to Attorney Wendenburg, and Friday will be occupiedby the summing up on each side, andthe case will go to the jury Fridaynight.Wendenburg would not say whether- or not he will call Beulah Binford tothe stand in rebuttal. He admittedthat there was a strong possibilitythat he would decide to put the girlbefore the jury after Henry Beattie1 steps from the stand. Everythingwould depend upon what the prisonerhimself states when he is his ownwitness.There is no mistaking the fact thatthe prosecution is not at all sure asto what the girl's attitude would beon the stand, and that it will not riskhaving her turn out an unfavorablewitness unless it feels that by making herself the defense's witness bya hostile attitude she would lay her-- self open to damaging revelations oncross-examination. Meanwhile HenryBeattie must testify without havingthe benefit ot knowing how great orlittle Beulah Blnford might harm himby her testimony. He can not knowwhich of his statements she will becalled upon to refute. He does knowthat from the mouth of Beulah BinJord the prosecution has drawn much3f the material that they havelaunched against him.Say Witness Too Reticent.It became known that several Richmond detectives are digging furtherinto the story that Charles H. Kastelberg, the butcher, told so unwillinglyon the witness stand. It is said he- did not tell all he knew, but withheldsome important features. Kastelbergwas the witness who said that he hadbeen out with a woman companion onthe Midlothian turnpike on the nightof the murder and that this was thecar which was passed by two autosfull of Richmond youths and mistaken by them for Beattie's car. The- detectives who were investigating aresaid to have the name of a man to' whom Kastelberg spoke upon his return from the automobile excursion- .on the night of the homicide. Hehas repeated the remark made to himby Kastelberg, which was in effect:"I mw the funniest thing over onMidlothian pike tonight A fellowINwsed ie at 50 miles an hour withjl -woman jo drunk that she had fallenover on the "seat behind him andhewas half sitting on her."The prosecution has introduced asproof that Beattie, after murderinghis wife, had sat on her body whiledriving back to Tom Owen's home,some blond-soaked clothing he worethat night. The blood splotches donot bear out Beattie's story that hepropped his wife up with his left armwhile he drove with his right hand.If this story that Kastelberg is saidto have told is verified more clinching of fact will be scored by thestate's attorneys.THE MARKETSChicago Cattle: Beeves, ?5 007 90:Texas steers, $4 40 G 35; western steers,$4 00 1 00; stackers And feeders, $3 005 50; cows and heifers', $2 25 6 25.Calves $6 259 25. Sheep and LambsNative sheep, $2 003 SO; western, $2 253 80; native lambs, $4 90Q6 45; western, 4 fcUQXJb au; yeanings, $s vvgi u.Hogs-Light, $7 157 70; mixed, $7 007 70; heavy, $6 85 7 60; rough, ?6 857 05; pigrs, $5 00 7 55. Wheat No. 2red, S990c Corn No. 2, 6565c.Oats No. 2 white, 43344c.Cincinnati, O. Wheat: No. 2 red, 9092c. Corn No. 2 mixed, 6566c.Oats No. 2 mixed, 4444ic. Rye No. 2,9092c. Lard $9 009 10. Bulk Meats$8 759 00. Bacon $17 5018 50. Butter Cream ery, 202S,c; dairy, 1718c.Poultry Springers, 14c; hens. 12c;turkeys, 1G1GVc. Eggs 12Vj20c.Cattle Steers, ?3 25 6 75; heifers, $2 255 75; cows, $1 00 5 00. Sheep $1 253 75. Lambs $4 00 7 00. Hogs Packers,$7 257 65; stags, $3 255 50; sows,$4 25 4 60; pigs and lights, $3 00 7 15.East Buffalo Cattle: Export cattle, $6 757 25; shipping steers, $6 256 75; butcher cattle, $5 50 6 25; heifers,3 506 00; fat cows, $3 505 25; bulls,$3 00 5 00; milkers and springers, $25 00gr55 00. Calves $9 50 10 20. Sheep andLambs Mixed sheep, $3 754 00; wethers, $4 004 25; ewes, $3 253 75; lambs,$5 00 7 20; yearlings,' $4 50 5 00. HogsHeavies, $7 85 mediums, $7 857 90;Yorkers, $7 85 7 95; pigs, $7 25 7 40;roughs, $6 506 75; stags, $5 006 00.Pittsburg, Pa. Cattle: Choice, $7 007 50: good, $6 506 90; tidy butchers,$C 00 6 40; heifers, $3 00 3 25; cows,bulls and stags, $2 004 50; fresh cows,$25 00(?50 00. Calves Veal, $6 009 !0.Sheep and Lambs Prime wethers, $3 753 90; good mixed, $3 35 3 65; Iambs,$4 00 7 00. Hogs Heavy hogs, $7 70;heavy mived. $7 757 80; mediums andYorkers, $7 S57 90; pigs, ?G 007 25.Cleveland, O. Cattle: Choice steers,$fi 00G 50; heifers, $4 505 25; fat cows,$3 00(8)4 00; bulls, $3 754 00; milkersand springers, $20 0052 00. Calves $9 00down. Sheep and Lambs Choice wethers, $3 00 3 25; ewes, ?2 75; lambs, $6 256 50. Hogs Heavies, $7 55; mediums,$7 75; Yorkers, 57 80; iight Yorkers.57 75; pigs, $7 00; roughs, 56 75; stags,$5 75Toledo. O. Wheat, S2c; corn, 67c;oats, 45c; rye, 88c; cloverseed, 512 00.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Miss Ruth McClintock is the guestof friends in Mt. Sterling.Miss Olive Fisher has returned aftera visit to friends .at Battle Creek,Mich.Miss Nannie Clark has gone toCynthiana where she will teach thiaseason.Mrs. Nettie Gardner, of Paris, isthe guest of her daughter, Krs. E. B;Taylor.Miss Christine Pepper entertainedall her litle friends with a lawn partyFriday evening.'Miss Mabel Robbins, of Paris,' wasthe guest of her cousin, Mrs." E: B.Taylor, Friday.Miss Mary McDaniel left Sundayfor Leesburg where she will teachschool this term.Mr. R. M.fl IBlackerby, of Louisville, was the guest last week of Mrs.U. S. G. Pepper.Mrs. W. V. Shaw has returned afterspending the summer with her mother, Mrs. Harding, at Butler.Miss '.Virignia Hutchcraft has returned to Sandersville, Ga where shewill teach in a kindergarten.Mrs. Charles Martin and Miss JuliaCarpenter have returned after spending a few days in Lexington.Miss Nannie Louise Best has returned after a short visit to relatives mMaysville.Mrs. A. S. Best has returned JfromWashington after spending a monthwith her parents, Dr. and Mrs. AlexHunter.Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Johnsonhave returned from their wedding tripand are at the home of the groom'sparents.Mrs. Margaret Berry and granddaughter, Frances Sanders, of Sharpsburg, are guests of Mr. and Mrs. JohnBerry.Mrs. " Anna Jefferson and Z littlegrandson, Ralph Becraf t,',have return-'ed from an extended visitto relativesin Mason county.Mrs. M. J. Caldwell and daughter,Miss Laura Jefferson, have returnedafter a ten days' visit to relatives inMason county.Dr. and Mrs. 'S. H. Creighton andson, Taylor, of Indianapolis, Ind.,arrived Sunday as'guests.of her "mother, Mrs. Belle Tayor, and family.Miss Esther K. Nell and motherhave arrived from Somerset and takenup their residence in the home of MissAnna Conway. Miss Nell is instructorin string instruments at the M. F. C.Miss M. B. Clarke and mother whohave been visiting relatives in Winchester, Richmond and Irvin, have returned home. They were accompaniedby Mrs.Handcock,of Liouisville.daughter of Mrs. Clarke.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rugstore ifyou want something nice at reasonableprices. Large stock to select from.No shop-worn patterns all new."J. T. HINTON.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfREYES STONEDIN STREET RIOTFive Mexicans Killed; SixteenWounded.SITUATION IS SERIOUSMaderists and Supporters of Returned Exile Mix Things In Capital Cityand Continue Until Troops FireUpon Mob Idol of People QuicklyShorn of Popularity When He Enters Race For Presidency AgainstLeader of Revolution.Mexico City, Sept. 4. Five, deadand 16 wounded mark the close of aday of rioting in the streets of thecapital, such as has not been witnessed since the last few days of theDiaz regime. The situation is seriousand a clash that may take the proportion of a hattle between Maderistsand Reyes supporters is not improbable. The volatile character of thepopulation is shown when it is statedthat General Bernardo Reyes, candidate against Francisco I. Madero forpresident, was stoned and mobbed. Afew months ago Reyes, in rxile because of the opposition of Diaz, wasa popular hero. Upon his return hewas aeclaimed by the people as oneof the saviors of the republic. He wasan .idol with what there remained ofthe regular army and with the troopsfrom the northeastern part of the republic. Later, on the principal thoroughfareof the city, he was robbed of 3,000pesos and later stoned. The riotingbetween Maderist mobs and supporters of Reyes, with the latter in theminority, continued until tho troopsfired.The execution in the closely packed streets was fearful. "When thecrowd was cleared away, five bodieswere revealed stretched out. SomeLof the victims held missiles m theirhands, others hadbeen shot in theback as they fled. There were manywounded; how many is not known asthey were taken away by friends.Fresh Oysters.Fresh oysters in any style duringthe Fair. Open at all hours,tf E. H. BRANNON.Carnival Company at Bourbon FairThe Greater Rock City Carnival Company, with its many shows and free attractions, will furnish the amusementsat the Bourbon Fair this week. (2)Insure with W. O. flinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfBreeding Placo of Suspicion.The man who is unwilling to trustanybody acquires his caution throughintrospection.Big Attraction at CincinnatiGrand:JAfter winning distinction of beingthe only musical attraction to outlivethe past hot summer months inChicago, Nora "Bayes and Jack Norworth in the breezy musical gaiety,"Little Miss Fix-It," will appear atthe Grand Opera House, Cincinnati,Septebmer 3 for a two weeks' engagement, with all its brililancy of castand production that was seen for record runs in both New York andChicago.These out of the ordinary musicalstars will present a something ratherdieffrpnt from anything of recentprominence attempted in tne ngntmusical world. Their piece cannot beclassed as either musical or farcecomedy, extravaganza or burlesque oreven comic opera, but should , be considered in the light of a blending of allthese bright refreshing elements thatgo to make an oh, so indifferent, styleof later day entertainment."Little Miss Fix-It" is said .to contain a story of more than oridnaryquolicfiatiuns and was originallywritten to be played without music,which speaks volumes for what wemay epxect in the way of legitimatehumor; and inasmuch as Nora Hayesand Jack Norworth have written andcomposed the entire score, or moreappropriately the bouquet of popularmelodiescontained in it, it is reasonenough to understand why bothChicago and New York endorse it asbeing one continuous round of laughterand songs ; then again, as most theatregoers are aware of the fact, that forseveral years. Nora Bayes and JackNorworth have been the recognizedvaudeville leaders of songs, comedyand high salaries; in fact, these musical celebrities were compelled to cancel their vaudeville tour of 58 consecutive weeKs, at salaries ramgmgfrom $2,500 to $3,000 weekly.On account of the especial engagement for two weeks, Manager Havlinhas arranged to present two additionalfeatures at evrey performance. Oneis "Turkey Trot," a most seductivedance novelty that is now the rage inNew York and Chicago and even inSan Francisco,'where it has taken theplace of the Frisco Glide. The othernovelty that originated in Paris and f isnow all the vogue in New York, consists of a voting contest held at eachperformance for the selection of. themost popular song composed and sungby Nora Bayes and Jack Norworthsince their early career. This is anovel idea and takes on tho air of animpromptu surprise.BASE BALLFRIDAY.Paris . . 36 19 655 Fr'nkf 't 25 31 446Lexi'g'n 31 24 564 Richm'd 24 29 453M'ysVe 27 29 482 Win'ster 22 32 407The Hustlers defeated Paris atWhite Park Fiday afternoon by asooieof 3 to 1 in a alow contest. The localsput up a poor game and stupid baserunning in the eighth coit them thegame.Platzer pitched excellent ball for trevisitors and worked himself out ofmany tight places. Ihe features ofthe game were the batting of McKernan and Harrell and the fielding ofChapman. The score ?Winchester 1 10 0 0 10 0 0-3Paris 00001000 01Batteries Paris, Hauser and Mayer; Winchester. Platzer and Meek.Hits Paris 6, Winchester 6. ErrorsParis 1, Winchester 2. Earned runBWinchester 1. Two base hit Coleman. Left on bases Paris 6, WrrChester 5. Bases on balls off Platzer2, off Hauser 4. Struck out by Plat:er 3, by Hauser 2. Sacrifice flyBrown. Sacrifice hit Lake. Doublepay Platzer to Callahan to Lake. Hitby pitcher Mayer. Passed ball Mayer. Time 1.50. Umpire Sinex.Frankfort 5, Richmord 6; Maysville4, Ldxington 5.SATURDAY.Paris . . 37 19 661Lexi'g'n 32 24 571M'ys'v'e 26 30 474Richm 'd 25 30 455Fr'nkf 't 26 32 448Win'ster 22 33 400The Bourbonites won from theHustlers Saturday afternoon by -ascore of 5 to 0. Shears was on themound for the locals and pitched torare form allowing but five scatteredhits in the nine rounds.The Borubonites touched Friedleyfor nine hits. In the ninth the localsbunched their hits and settled alldoubt of the result of the game.Shears received perfect supportfrom his tammates, not an error being charged against the Paris aggregation. The score :Paris 0 4 0 0 0 0 10 0-5Winchester 00000000 00Batteries Paris, Shears and Mayer; Winchester, Friedley and Meek.Hits Paris 9, Winchester 5. ErrorsWinchester 3 Two ase hits Brown,Chapman, Harrell. Struck out byShears 4, by Friedly 4, Double playsCallahan to Walsh to LakejGoodmanto Barnett. Hit by pitcher Barnett,Kuhlman. Umpire Moss.Lexington 3, Maysville 2; Richmond7, Frankfort b ; Richmond , Frankfort7.SUNDAY.Paris . . 38 19 667Lexi'g'n 33 24 579M'y'sv'e 28 30 483Richm' d 25 31 446Fr'nkf't 26 33 441Win'ster 22 34 393The Bourbonites took a well playedgame from the Lawmakers Sundayafternoon winning by a score of 3 to2.- The contest was exciting andintensely interesting from the start."Cyclone" Jack Scheneberg was onthe mound for the locals and while hewas wild in the early stages, heworked out of many tight places, andwon his twelfth consecutive victory.Hits on both sides were few se effective were the opposing pitchers. Thelocals had the best of the hitting by anarrow margin of one point.The feature of the game was thehard running catch of Harrell in thefifth of Myers' fly which looked to bea safe drive. In this inning the secondand third sacks were occupied withonly one out. Scheneberg retired theside by whirring Bohannon. The score;Frankfort 110 0 0 0 0 0 0-2Paris 1 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 x-3Batteries Paris, Scheneberg andMayer; Frankfort, Cramer and Horn.Hits Paris b, Frankfort 5. ErrorsParis 2. Lamed runs Paris 1. Twobase hits Harrell, Kuhlman. Threebase bit Goodman. Bases on ballsoff Scheneberg 3, off Cramer 1. Struckout by Scheneberg 5, by Cramer 3.Sacrifice hits Hoffman, Seeback, Cornell. Sacrifice fly Mayer. Stolenbases Nicholson, Barnett. First baseon errors Fankfot 1. Wild pitchSchenebeg, Cramer. Left on basesParis 4, Frankfort 6. Time 1:30.Umpires Shears and Yerkes. Attendance 500.Lexington 5, Richmond 3; Maysville6, Winchester 0.FelcTs for Fall Footwear.Challenges the World.Langhorne labb Anderson, proprietor of the Point Au View Farm atMaysville, has issued the f followingchallenge: Mr. Anderson has a fivegaited saddle gelding which he willshow against any mare or gelding inthe world, the competition to be heldat the Paris, Ky., Fair any day thisweek designated by the managementof said fair for $100 a corner, at leastfive entries to be made and not lessthan thre shown and the division ofthe entire purse to be $250 to the winner, $150 to the second and $100 to thethird horse, each nominator to depositwith Secretary Charles Webber $10 onor before Tuesday morning, September 5 and any one of the followingnamed peisons to act as the judge ofthe contest and award the division ofthe money : Charles L. Railey, Lexington, Ky. ; Hubb Buckner, Erlanger;Miller Wad, Paris; C. C. Harris,Lexington ; Sanford C. CarpenterMillersburg; Walter Clarke, Paris; C.F. Nagel, Leixngton, or Howard Ball,Versailles. Mr. Anderson has deposited with Charles Webber a certifiedcheck as a forfeit.Purest artesian wellwater on all parts of theBourbon Pair Grounds,convenient tor the publicto drinl-For Benefit ol Hospital.We are very grateful to those whohive contributed for the dinners which.ve will set at the Bourbon Fair nextwee lor the benefit of the Paris Hospital Fund, and take this means to solicit further donations, as we yet needa further supply of chickens, vegetables, etc. Leave contributions atFord & Co.'s. , ,Repaectfully.. THE COMMITTEE.-KUTALBAKING POWDERAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATELetter From Virginia Beach.In going from Newport News toNorfolk we crossedHampton Roads andour eyes encountered one of the mostwonderful sights.of a lifetime. Anchored there was ihe" greatest gathering ofnaval vessels known since the adventof the steel clad warships, thehnttlp-ships, armored cruisers, torpedo boatB,toipedo boat destroyers, hospital shipsand many others to the number ofthitty-five or .forty Jand it is said agreater flaet than tne world circlingcruise oi 08 and '09.'ihis fleet was the Atlantic battleship fleet and is in command of Adm.r-J.1UO UCCb YYClhS bliV Aiuiuiiwiw fcv.al Hugh Osterhouse, headed byhpnriPM hv Tripflagship Connecticutt.will go cut aboutthirty miles off the coast of VirigniaBeach for practice. Imagine thequantity of food required for a fleet ofthis kird when the Delaware alone hasmore than a thousand sailors on boardand the others carry from six hundredto cne thousand.Each night we see the searchlightson these vessels. A few days ago wevisited Cape Henry and one of thesights there is the imposing new lighthouse built on a point possibly onshundred yards from the old one whichwas erected in 1789 and which is stillin good preservation, though out ofuse.There are a great many Southernpeople here and what a delight it isfor one to express their Southernviews and not have them contrdicted.The terrible drought seems to havebeen very general even here where oneBPes nothing.but water they are experiencing a water famine and thewater all over the city is turned offBeveral hours, each day.Before we return home we will takethe sea voyage to New York which isconsidered very deilghtful, althoughthe stormB begin in September.L. T. C.Bargains in Wall Paper.Look at my bargains in wallthis week. Expert decoratorspaperreadyto fill your orders promptly.J. T. HINTONBourbon fair This Week.With a program surpassing any in itshistory, the Bourbon Fair opens atParis next Tuesday for what promisesto be the banner meeting, and five daysof pleasure is assured. (2t)Blue Frass League PennantSeries.The first game of the seven postseason series of games between Winchester, winner of the first series, andParis winner of the (second series, tobe played on the home grounds, willbe called at 3 :30 Saturday afternoon,September 9r and Sunday afternoon,Septemoer 10, at 3 o'clock. The admission wili be, 25 cents for adults and15 cents for children.The contest for the pennant will befor four games in seven, and if not decided insix games the date and placefor tho seventh will be agreed upon.Umpire Steve Kane will handle treindicator in all the games. Severalscouts from the major leagues will bepresent at the game to watch, thework of the players.The players will receive, besidethei regular salary and expenses, fiftyper ceni of the gate receipts.By argeement with Manager McKernan, 01?on, the Richmond shortstop ar.d manager, will play with theWinchester team, Callahan, the regular shortstop, being on the sick list.The schedule for the series is as follows : 'Paiis at Wirchester, Wednesday,Septebmer G, and Friday, September 8Wincbfsttr at Paiis, Saturday, September 9, and Sunday, Scptfebintr 10.Both teams are putting up an excellent game and these post-season seriesare sure to draw large crowds of lovers of the national game.Immense Stock Wall Paper.Big variety of wall paper to selectfrom and it must be sold. Bargainsfor you. Get ready for the fair.J. T. HINTON.Bourbon Fiscal Court.At a meeting of the Bourbon FiscalCourt' at cthe court house Saturdaymornine- nresideri over bv .Tndcrp. Dpi-mrDundon, the report of Turnpike Supervisor Redmon for the month of Augustwas filed and approved, and $667.73allowed for services on turnpikes.Several other claims for services wereallowed and ordered paidj, The. Supervisor wa asllowed the sum of S1.8U0for repairs. County Treasurer Bedford was ordered to horrow $10,000 forthe use of general fund and to executenote for same, payable December 15.1911, to bear interest at the rate of 6per cent. An appropraiton of $100was made to the Children'a HomeSociety. The commissioners of theHamilton Fund, a fund willed by thelate John Hamilton, of Milersburg forthe education of the pooi and worthyyoung women of Bourhon county, submitted a report, signed by Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre andMrs. John J. Connell, apprvoing thefollowing applicants and recommending appropriations from. the fund asfollows: Mamie Williams, Paris HighSchool, $5Q;Fay McQuarters, Millereburg Female College, $50 ; Mary Calnan. Prof. Costello's private school,$25; Maggie Cravens, Little RockGraded School, $25 ; j&thel Qampbell,Millerbsurg Jbemale institute. $25:Mary Frances Woods, Parochial School'$25; Belva Hill, BourbonlCollege, $25.The.amount available iorUhe fund for1911-12 is $225.Pitcher to Rejoin the Millers.A Minneapolis dispatch says:"Manager Joe Cantillon announced today that Harry Peaster and BranafieldKing, two pitching recruits who weraunable to make the grade at Minne-spoils this season, arid farmed to theminurs, win rejuiu me uiuu next.spring. Jfeaster came nere irom JacKson, Miss., and despite his snappingspitball, was unable to deliver thegoods. He was sent to Pueblo withPitcner Faber. King came from theUniversity of Mississippi, and was fullof malaria. When he arrived he, too.-?"" "" S.e ""?, a, .J"andomuueu i." a. ainjf tJ "" jaiid luJsckson, Mis. but this week "Pongo"j ceieved glowing reports of the worktne youngstersjhave been doing of late,and declared he will have them back,in the fold in 1912."Colonels Draft Nicholson.It is stated that the Louisville Club:of the American Association has drafted Nicholson, the left fielder of theFrankfort team, and will try him outeither this fall or next spring. He isbatting over .300 and has more stolenbases than any other player in theBlue Grass League. Several times thisseason he has beat out a bunt and immediately stolen second and third.Several teams were after Nicholson.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in pshort space of time. Hot a nd coldabtbs and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfParis Grand.Tuesday,September5The Black PattiMusical Comedy CompanyIn their Latest Success"In the Jungles'5Madame Sissieretta Jones,.The Original Blace Patti.Assisted by"Happy" Julius" Glenn, the WangdoodleComedianAnd a Large Supporting Company ofColored Entertainers.Balcony reserved for colored people.PRICES Lower floor 50c and 75c;Balcony 50c and 75c; Gallery 35eand 50c.Reserved seats for lower floor onsale at Mitchell & Blakemore's.JTrfiurflav1 lrdUciy,7Septemb erThe Rex Amusement Co. ,PresentsTheNightRiderA Wholesome and StirringDrama Most Vividly.Portrayed.New York Cast of PlayersSpecial Sceneryflk i f iff' tBmPRICES Dress Circle 75c.Parquette 50c; Balcony 35c; Gal- "lery 25c and 35c.Seats on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore's. ' T'.-V'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS," KENTUCKY, SEPT. 5, 1911mVftth BOURBON NEWS.' Jr irwfA" ywwnfaiALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGTeachers Elected.At a recent mepting of? the CountyBoard of Education, Miss Susie Claywas elected as teacher at the school atClay's Cross Roads.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBriRGS'.Heating Stoves.Our line of new heaters is complete.Don't try to put up that old stove.Come in and let us fix you up right.Prices within reach.5 tf A. P. WHEELER & CO.Takes Premium at Capitol Fair.W. E. Speaks s & Son, of this county,took first premium with their showfilly, Mildred King, at the Capitol fairWednesday. For the best type ofbrood mare they carried off the bluewith Goldie Mae.Good Water.ThesBourbon Fair has made arrangements have plenty of pure waterfrom an artesian well for their patronsto drink. There will be faucets allover the rgound for their convenience.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Police Court.In Police Court Saturday morningJim Robinson was fined $25.50 forbreach of the peace. Maggie Wilson,disorderly conduct, was assessed a fineof $7.50 and for Harrison Menifee,charged with breach of the peace, wasfined $12.50.Seed Wheat and Seed Rye.See us before buying your seedwheat, seed rye and timothy.5 4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Julia Nash, of Lexintgon,visited in Paris Saturday.' Miss Edith Higgins is visitingMiss Elma Wood in the county.Mr. Geo. M. Hill, of Frankfort,visited his family here last week.MisB Belle Horton is visiting Mrs.Harry Stuart, in Sheblyville, Ind.Mrs. N. H. Ecklar has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Cynthiana.Miss Frances Gross, who has beenvisiting in Mt. Sterling has returnedhome.Miss Mary Rurnmans left Saturdayfoi Murfecsboro, Tenn., to spend thewinter.Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompsonhave returned from .a visit to realtivesin Ohio.Mrs. Come Watson Baird hasreturned from a buisness trip toChicago.Miss Anna Thornton, who hasDallas, Texas, where she will do somemissionary work tinder the auspices ofthe Women's Missionary Council of theMethoidst Episcopal chrucb, South.Miss Birdie Wollstein, late of theGrand, has made a decided, hit withthe patrons of the Hipp Annex, inLexington, where she has been engageda member of the Trio.Attention, Visitors.The best of short order lunches prepared at all hours, 'such as oysters,steaks, chops, soups, lamb fries, ham,eggs, beef, pork, cheese, coffee, etc.tf E. H. BRANNON.An Invitation.While visiting the fair come to ourtore for you fall footwear wants.We save you money,tf DAN COHEN.Swell Billiard Hall.Mann's new Billiard Hall is certainly a beauty. Everything newand modern. He invites you to call.Brunswick-Balk Mission Tables andCues. tfBourbon Lounty School Improvement League.The Bourbon County School Improvement League held a mostinteresting session Saturday afternoon at the court house. Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, President of the League,presided A committee compost-d ofMrs. Albert Mitchell, Miss MabelRobbins and Mrs. J. T. Vansant wasappointed to present tc the teachers ofthe county the proposition of theLeague to offer prizes for spelling andattendance in each school in the county. During the meeting of the Teachers' Association, to be held in Paris inOctober, the leaguejwill assist in serving lunches. The graded Echool building at Little Rock, which will be builtas the esult of a prize of $500 offeredby Mr. Catesby Spears for the bestmodel school, was reported as rapidlyneaiing completionRevenue Assignments.Collector of Internal RevenueTimothy A. Fields, has made thefollowing revenue assignment inBourbontfor the month of September.Julius Kessler & Co., Paris; J. P.Hutchcraft, day; J. JL Logan, Bottling ; J. D. Shy and r;. J. Martyn,additional ; W. G. Cook, gauger.F. P. Thomas, Kiserton; W. W.Cherry, day ; J. M. Russell, additionaland bottling ; W. G. Cook, gauger.G. G. White Co., Paris ; A. V. Combsday. Clay Cisco, additional and bottling ; R. D. Grant, additional ; W. G.Cook, gauger.Promptly at 10 O'clock.At the Bourbon Fair, the show ringswill begin propmtly at 10 o'clock each' day, in order that the program can befinished in time for the folks from thecountry to get an early start home.Rugs, Carpets and Matting.Low prices on rugs, wall paper,mattings and carpets this week at J.T. Hinton's.C. W. B. M. Elects Officers,At the regular meeting ot the C. W.B. M. Friday afternoon, the followingofficers were elected for the ensuingyear: President, Mrs. W. E. SimmsFirst Vice President, Mrs. Carey E.Morgan Second Vice President, Mrs,Walter Payne; Third Vice President,Mrs. J. W. Hay den; Secretary, Mrs.Will Scott; Treasurer, Mrs. CliftonArnpsarger. The State Spcretary,Mrs. Sarah K. Yancey, of Lexington,was present and gave an interestingtalk alone missionary illness, andurged a full representation of theParis Auxiliary at the State .Convention in Frankfort, September 19.flt Bourbon Fair This Week.Read what the press says of MissHammann, without question the mostpleasing band singer before the public:The New York Telegraph says:"Wonderful volume, combined withsweetness of tone."The Chicago Tribune: "A voice ofunequaled richness and power.", (2t)Parisian Hurt in Race.Rafnrnv's Enauirer contained thefollowing: The State Fair meet atColumbus was brought to a successfulclose today with three races. Two ofthe lots went in straight heats whilefour heats were necessary to settle theother. , , . . .,A bad spill in the first heat of the2 22 trot caused mucn excitement.Two horses and drivers were thrownand all were badly shaken up. H. D.Honne. of Lexington, Ky., was badlybruiseclabout the body before he wasextricated from the wreck. Hivaluable trotter, Jordan, was movedfrom the track on a sled. It was atfirst thought the animal was sufferingwith a broken back, but it repsondedto treatment and will prcbatly recover. El Paso, owned by JamesHukill, of Paris, Ky., was thrownleivily, but the horse escaped, a.tnough the driver recieved a cut on hisbead and several bruises. JudgeLarries, Chattey and Harry W, winner sof events in the early part of theweak, returned and took the first intoday's card., 11 r. HukiU arrived home Saturday,and is considerably bruised up, but isble to be out.Special Prices On Rugs.We are offering the following specialrncea ou rugs this week : ,Special 9x12 Axminster ruga only"Spciai 9x12 Bruwell rugs onlyV12T75.t1" A. F.' WHEELER CO. 'been visiting in Frankfort, has returned home.Miss Armel Cornish, of Harrodsburg, is a guest of Miss MargueriteCalvert for the Fair.Mrs. Richard Welling visited heparents, Mr. and Mrs. H. Heurkamp,in Cynthiana last week.Mrs. Chas. S. Goldstein and twochilaren have returned from a visit torelatives in Huntington, W. Va.Mrs. Mary E. Hibler has returnedfrom a visit to the family of her son,Mr. William riibler, in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. J. D. Dunlap, of Dallas,Tex., arrived Friday for a visit toMrs. J. J. McClintock, on Duncanavenue.Misses Rebecca and Jessie Rice,of Madidon county, arrived Friday tovisit Miss Mattie Lilleston on Higginsavenue.Mrs. Julia Neal 'and daughter,Miss Mamie Neal, left Friday forChicago for a visit to Mr. Wm. Nealand wife.The Young Men's Dancing Clubwill entertain at Elks' Hall Thursdayevening in honor of the young ladyvisitors in the city.Mr. Walter McCann, of Chicago,and son, Wm. McCann, of Panama,are here to spend two weeks. This istheir tirst visit to Paris in twenty-sixyears.Miss Hazel Straus and Mr. LeeDuitch, of Cincinnati, are guests ofMisses Goldie and Essie Saloshin onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Linville havereutsd the apartments in the SaloshinBuilding at the croner of Main andSeventh street and will go to housekeeping about September 15.Misses Nettie McKenize andFrankie Clark, of this city,members ofthe Lexington Herald party to Atlantic City, returned home Friday evening. Mrs. Mary Gorham Thomas leftfor Louisville Saturday to take to hishome her eight-year-old grandson,Thornton Gorham Whitehouse, whobroke his arm in two places whileplaying with some playmates.Elder Alexander Sanders, pastorof the Clintonville Christian church, isconducting a protracted meeting atPrentice, 111. The meeting whichcommenced Friday will continue fortwo weeks.Miss Mabel Robbins, CountySuperintendent of Schools, is visitingrelatives in Little Rock. She willleave next week for a visit to friendsin Knoxville, Tenn.Brigadier General and Mrs. LouisMussinon and Dr. and Mrs. F M.Fades returned Friday from a visit toJames E. McCracken in Newport. Theparty made the trip in General LMussinon's automobile.Mrs. Ethel Lyons and little daughter, Mary Frances, are visiting friendsat Pleasureville and Louisville. Theywill stay about six weeks when littleMiss Lyons will return to the home ofher grandmother, Mrs. Maria Lyons. 2Mrs. Duncan Bell was hostessSaturday afternoon to the members ofthe arrangement committee of theHospital League, which will havecharge of the dining hall at the Fairgrounds this week. The committeereported a liberal response to their request for donations. The ladies aredesirous .that future donations ;be lefteither at Ford & Co.' store or sentdirpct to the dining hall at thegrounds. On Tuesday, the openingday, Mrs. Charlton Alexander will bein charge of the dining room and willbe assisted by Miss Clara Bacon, Mrs.Luther Rice, Miss Annie Clay, Mrs.Henry Fuhrman and Mibs NellieSchwatz, together with the followinghandsome young 'waitresses: MissesMarie Talbott, JFrances and MaryMitchell Clay, Ellen Towles, MaryBelle Wyatt, Helen Desha, MatildaJames, Nannie fcl'.rent O'Neill, Eilzaheth Hinton, Freida and Elsie Heller,Augusta Rogers, Elizabeth and NellCrutcher and Anna Wilson.Mr. and Mrs. O. L. Steele gave abeautiful dinner Thursday evening attheir home in Lexington to celebratethe 84th birthday of Mrs. Steele'smother, Mrs. William Woodford, ofBourbon. It as a delightful gathering of about twenty-five relatives andnpnrest friends to extend congratulations and to wish her mucn joy anahappiness and many happy returns ofthe day. .The attractive home was decoratedwith many plants and white clemitisand on the tables bride's roses, whiteshaded candles and pretty bridal confections were used. A delicious dinneraf many courses was served and alljoined in drinking to the health of. thecharming guest of honor. -She is much loved and admired andwas remembered with many beautifulgifts on this happy occasion. Amongthe guests were Mr. and Mrs. WilliamWoodford, Misses Mary. Anna Louiseand Hallie Woodford, Misses Elizabethana Hallie and Laura Steele, MasterOliver Steele, of Paris, Mr. and Mrs.A T Parker, Miss Sallie Smith, Mr.and Mrs. J. B. Hdeing, Mr. and Mrs.Brice Stele.Mrs. 'Helfcn Forsyth -has gone toDaily Musical Treats.Miss Wilhehnina Hammann, sopranosoloist, singing with full band accompaniment, twice daily, will be a musical treat for the Bourbon Fair goers.(2t)New Billiard Hall.Mann's Billiard Hall, corner 4th andMaia, is now open. Everything new.You are invited to call. tfMelons On Ice.Fine watermelons and canteloupeson ice during fair Aveek.C. P. COOK & CO.The Annual fall Event.Bourbon Fair Five days and evenings, beginning to-day. Attractionsfor; everybody. (2t)CITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Bandsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity CollectorWill Open Music ClassMiss Mary Kiley will open her clas3n Music September 11. Number ofpupils limited. 1 3tf ' 'PKSl?iliiiHkhHMTake a Look at OurNew Fall GoodsBeautiful New Silks and Trimmings,"Latest Novelties inDRESS GOODSImported ideas in Neckwear and all DressAccessories.! W. Ed TuckerIClose your eyesand, listento the great artists singing onthe Victor and you'd, reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'U be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.WE ARE READY FOR YOUiFee's Cashc "i Iopcudis.For This Week.DaughertyBros.iTin Cans..35c doz.IMason Quart Jars..Mason 1-2 gallon Jars8 Bars LenoxSoap .... ..Dundee brand Evaporated Milk, thebest packed, 3 cans for....Matches, 3 boxes of the bestSafety Matches...50c doz.....75c doz.25c25c10cL.FEE'SWANTED.I HAVE SOMESecond-hand Cash Register. Totaladder. Address,C. P. MANN,5-3t Paris, Ky.Public Sale of DesirableHome.On Wednesday, September 13, at10 :30 will be sold on f the premises tothe best bidder the residence of Mrs.Mattie Hutchcraft, Corner Main andFitfeenth streets. It has all themodern conveniences. Inspection invited till day of sale0 House closedon that day.GEORGE VARDEN.VERY SPECIAL PRICESOFFER YOU ONFOR RENT.Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Good stable onpremises. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.29 tf E. T. Phone 591.Notice Posted.All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.29 6t Hume and Bedford Pike.FOUND.On the streets of Paris a M. M. I.Class Pin. Owner can have same bypaying for advertisement.NOTICE.All accounts due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 tf YERKES & KENNEY.FOR SALE.asInternational Corn Husker goodnew.SAMUEL CLAY.28 tf R. F. D.No. 3.Wi7 TOL I rKinii- - ,i,feSS!;xrS!SsLI-.lil:2 JM0 sfg L?m fZIl 'k HVl-Xk J-JMZz Come in and7 WonderfulReductions inj? J. T. HIIDTTOJSr7 Ta,ris, ISLyi ' 'Carpets,MattinandRugs.Get Them.WALL PAPER.I will sell you LAWN and PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you havebeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKS left at big cut in prices.everFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton,residence 56; J. T:Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.iisi'iI2:I:'AMit ii iIit;HISvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 4, 1911. ,Bloodin Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChecker manently, cures &Cough. Croup, Whooping Cough Mid all Throat and LungAnections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrtette Wells Allen. Gaffney. S.C. says:I have bad Bronchitis for about twenty years and1 Ms the first medicine that has done me much good.Has Millions of Friends.W. T. Brooks, Agent."How Vould" you like to number yourfriends bv the millions as BucklingArnica Salve does? Its astoundingcures in the pat forty years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczema, burns,boils, scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyes,sprains, swellings, bruises, coia sores.Has no equal for piles. 25c at Ober-dorfer's,THEhStltOfeMillersburg MilitaryThe Millersburg Militatv Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass,region of Kentucky, Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hoc water heat and electric lights Athleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year for board,tuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COt. C. M. BEST, Principal,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.Getting His .BearingsTWIN BROS.,Clothing Department"We are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the opportunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines we have made stillgreater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our Nefr BuildingYoung Brooks raced down the longplatform and reached the first sleeping car just as the train came to astandstill. He waited impatientlywhile a porter scrambled down andplaced his step in position for thepassengers.The frown of anxiety on the browof young Brooks vanished instantlywhen a slender young woman appeared at the car door. She descendedcalmly and held out her hand in greeting. She was blonde and pretty andwore a becomingly plain dark graytraveling suit.There was an orchid in the buttonhole of that becoming traveling suit.Ynnn? RrnnTra Vinrl n violent. TJanET atthe sight of the orchid as he thoughtoi its possible signincance."I had the most delightful visit inthe world," the girl was saying, "butit was much too short. Two weeks issuch a little while, isn't it?""That depends," returned Brooks, abit crossly, "on how much you areenjoying it! The last two weekshaven't been short to me."The girl looked flattered, but perfectly self-possessed. "Really?" sheinquired, sweetly, "My the way," shesaid with sudden surprise, "I supposefather is here somewhere?""No," young Brooks replied. "Iphoned out to your house yesterdayand told your mother that I should bedown here this morning, anyway, andarranged that is, I asked to be allowed, to meet you.""Oh!" said the girl. Her voice wasentirely noneommlttal.Young Brooks wondered In a panicif he had overstepped his privileges.Suddenly the young woman stoppedand exclaimed, "Oh!" again, in quitea different tone."What is it?" asked young Brooks,with solicitude.She laughed lightly. "No matter,after all," she said. "I was readingInternational GasaMneENGINESaTwin BroL.WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.tmmmmmmmammmmmmmmBmiaimmmmmKmmmmmtmmimmmaammmmamL. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIH EFFECT JULY 9, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Japanese Ingenuity.A remarkable specimen of Japanese ingenuity and skill has justpassed through the New York customhouse. It is a complete set of falseteeth carved entirely out of hardwoodof a color to exactly imitate the natural teeth. They are intended foractual use.Trains A.rrrve;No. from34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5134 Lexington, Ky., Daily o.7 IVlaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.29 Gynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 710 Rowland, iy.f Daily Except Sunday 740 Lexington, Kv , Daily .Except bunday b37 Cincinnati, O., Dsily ; 93 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .- 10.12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily '. 10.33 Cincinnati. O.. Daily 10.26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.25 Gynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.38 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily 77 3.5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday . .t 6.30 Lexington, Ky., Daily .' 632 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 614. Lexinsrton. Kv.. Dailv 1U31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10teslj2G am23 amL5 ai.88 an.55 sn J12 an.50 am,U2 ai,05 an.10 an50 ai10 pi15 p'22 pm25 pm40 pm40 pm.29 am15 nm7 pm.17 Dm:40 pm2o.8441174010293733133626253893932138303113Trains IDe-psirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily ' 5.33 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except tSunday 7.35 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday : 8.20 arcMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily t 10.15 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 amMaysville, K., Daily 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pmCincinnati, O., Daily , 3.35 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pmLexington, ity.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily -. 6.22 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily' Except Sunday 6.25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.85 pmLexington, K., Daily .( 10.48 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pmIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.- Trains ArriveKo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.15 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 40 pm5 Xouiaville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 pmlt2 Louigville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 00 pmTrains IDe;pstrt1 o. TOjr?rankforb'!& Louis ville, Sunday Only 7.10 amv Fraakfort.& Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43, amttxikiocfc; JEj-i Daily Bxoept Sunday. ..!..:. J. . . J&. '. . .9!53iamlFrankfort, Ky, DaHylExcept Sunday , . . . . 7:5.55im"It Isn't Worth While."a hook on the train one that Mr.Franklin gave me when I startedand I left it in the car.""It's only a step hack," said youngBrooks, turning at once."Oh, no," said the giri. "Youneedn't go back. It was very interesting but I had finished reading it,so really it isn't worth while."Young Brooks protested his willingness to return, but his companionseemed unwilling to trouble him, andas they well into step again he forgot Franklin's book, and even the offending orchid, in his extreme contentwith the present situation.As they neared the turnstile youngBrooks noticed that the girl was carrying a small square package underone arm."Let me take this," he said apologetically, laying his hand on the littlebundle.The girl caught it under her elbowin alarm, but Brooks' unsuspectingfingers had loosened it not only fromher hold, but also from its wrappings,so that the book which the wrappingscontained fell out face upward on theplatform.As young Brooks stooped to pick itup, he read the title. "Ah," he said,"this seems to be the book I gaveyou when you went away. You havenot read this one, evidently!""Yes. oh, yes," said the girl andstopped short.She blushed slowly and painfully,from her throat to her hair, and shekept looking straight ahead. It wasonlv a moment before she recoveredher equanimity, but that moment wasall that young Brooks required to learnsomething important to him. Whenshe glanced up again, with a trivialremark to break the silence, he wassmiling at her with a look in his eyesthat immediately reduced ner tospeechless confusion once more.They walked through the station insilence and out to his waiting car. Ashe helped her In his hand slipped inadvertently down her coat sleeve andheld her fingers one instant in a firmpressure."That," he said, In a matter-of-factvoice, "will he about all from you!We'll' need the robe," he said, "because It is going to be a long drive.""But" said the girl."The parks are lovely at this timeof year," remarked young Brooks, irrelevantly, as he stooped to crank the-machine. ft . , ,,,, ,Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trait Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.HaHBMHHDBBanMHMBKsaNJWJMH KMvawKKam.mmmmKBKJiwmiTWIN BROS.Department Store This WeekAprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose"15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98,worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25,Cworth $2.Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth'Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingana Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores"in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymmmmmmmmmmM3tCured by the Marve! of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges ot yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TBJaATMJaiNT VKUUCatarrh is not only dangerous buj;it causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiccr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the syfctem of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. BB. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingniirA nf natarrh in all its forms.Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with, directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.It's not madft fnr nnv pprfain nlimoffl ltiit;n ,j j. ii.- ... i .weather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwJa F9 Under t?e bIazing SUP' nor crack in the bitterest cold.lim5 $ seZrei: process-and is universally acknowledged theROOFTNr9?SnHbsillut ?eri2 roofin- Amalgamates ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance Fate as slate orgd Amal-AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, I1L?Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.i23One LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sizeGeo. M'Willams,No more tickets given on raffle until further noticei r- j&RJTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 4, 1911.. A"Cardui Cured Me'9For nearly ten years, at different times, Mrs. Mary Jinksof Treadway, Tenn., suffered with womanly troubles. Shesays: "At last, I took down and thought I would die. Icould not sleep. I couldn't eat I had pains all over. Thedoctors gave me up. I read that Cardui had helped somany, and I began to take it, and it cured me. Carduisaved my life! Mow, I can do anything."If you are weak, tired, worn-out, or suffer from any ofthe pains peculiar to weak women, such as headache,backache, dragging-dcvn feelings, pains in arm, side, hipor limbs, and other cymptcms of womanly trouble, youshould try Cardui, the woman's tonic. Prepared from perfectly harmless, vegetable ingredients, Cardui is the bestremedy for you to use, as it can do you nothing but good.It contains no dangerous drugs It has no bad after-effects.Ask your druggist. He sells and recommends Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 54DR.DOLLESIUOTITIITC Where MEN are CURED.inOlllUIC LET HE CURE YOUIFINESTEQUIPPCD INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAYFAMOUS FOB 20 TEARS.Difficult Surgical Operations performedwith ekdl and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST CURESor any Specialist. That Stay Cared.XOTJITQ MEN AJTD AMi BtEX, COME.Q I BT O PERMANENT CURE, withoutI & w the knife. One treatment cures.VADIPnPEriE NO KNIFE. Cared InlAnlullblLLb Ouo Treatment,DIlDnrilDC Stricture, Etc. CuredKUrl WKE? by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Boils, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostateiilaad. Rheumatism, Nervous Troubles.UVnDnOCi C Cured in One Visit. NofllUnUUELE knite. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the "DollsPlan" of not one dollar to be paid unlesscared. Better come thousands of miles to hareDr. Dollo cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for Gl pace Book Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Bookcent eealed upon .receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated w Ith sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that 1 can write you justwnat is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, 3. 8. B Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanency, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we vill bond you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains.offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood falm.) All syrnpthoms healquicklv. blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, heallh condition, healing every soiv and stopping all aches,pains and itching, cux-ing the worstcase of blood noiaon. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large b ttL-, with directions for ho:ae cure. Samplessent free' bv writing Blool Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free dil advi 'e given.Sold by arden 6z bon.WALTERLii J tJrUsuUnHNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation, in every eraingrowing country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features tnatappeal most to its usersNOTare: lightness or arair:handiness of operation:MADErfnrflhilifcv of construc-'tion; ability to do perAfect work m any kindTRUSTof cram: accuracy and.sure work of knottenabsence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, anflTinw rive it itsmost successfulone a uinder tnatjTheCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe 'most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at die same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior ,Catechisrn No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.I have locflt?d in Paris for the pur-, pose of conducting a generaliContracfcirigaridc""aang Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on short1 notice. The best of references fur-i nished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastI'enn. phone 128-2.Dr. Win. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T. 136.Home 13(5.Office PhonesResidence j Home 334." Wmlaistratar's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, de-ceased, will have same properly provl'cn according to law and filed witn the; undersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves inusuteu iu cumestate will please call and settle.,WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better, work, longer lifeana reaucea repair uui&with less loss of time.BYWe'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop tis a card"Th Beat to day-ask forYmt'CatalogAiinoonGemenfW. C. HESTERPOPULAR EXCURSION'Land oi ths ky" and "apphire Country."Tuesday. September 12 the Queen &Crescent Route in connection withSouthern Railway will operate aspecial excursion to the "Land of theSky" and "Sapphire Country" at thefollowing low round trip fares fromLexington :Asheville, N. C , $7 50.- Hendersonville, N. C, $8.50.Waynesville, N. C, $8.50.LakejToxaway. N. C, S9.50.Final limit to return until September 27, 1911.Special train consisting of Pullmandrawing room sleeping cars, Pullmanobservation sleeping cars, modern daycoaches, electrically lighted, will leaveLexington at 9 p. m. Tuesday, September 12.Upon payment of $1.50 additional tofares named above tickets :;will berouted going direct or returning viaChattanooga, Lookout Mountain, orthe reverse.Stopovers will be permitted at manypoints, , including Knoxville, Tenn..enabling passengers to visit the GreatAppalachian Exposition.Ask ticket agents for particulars oraddress """". sJH. C. KING, P. & T. A..Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, G. P. A.,Cincinnati, OhioA Pessimist.A pessimist is a person who tellsyou that what appears to be a silverlining in your cloud is only a lowgrade of tinfoil.Attacks School Principal.A sdvere attack on school principal,Chas B. Allon. of Svlvania. Ga., isthus told by him. ' 'For more thanthree years," he writes, "1 sutiereaindescribable turtutre from rheumatism, Liver and stomach trouble anddiseased kidnys. All remedies failedtill I used Electric Bitters, bub fourbottles of this wonderful remedy curedme completely.'' Such results arecommon. Thousands bless them forcuring stomach trouble, female chmplaints, kidney disorders, biliousness,and for new health and vigor. Trythem. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Prodigal Waste of Heat.About three times as much heat iswasted In internal combustion engines as is converted into power.A Fierce Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of achild, suddenly attacked by croup.Often it aroused Lewis Chamblin, ofManchester, O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they woujd die, bub since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for crOup and forcou2hs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others.SoTmay you. Asthma, Hay Fevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly before it. 50c and 1.00Trial bottlejfree. Sold bv Oberdorter.Deserving and Getting.Only the brave deserve the fair, butthe rich are more likely to get thfair to say yes.Kills a Murderer."A merciless murderer is Appendicitis with many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Piils kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constipation, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.Troubles Never Lasting.There is no trouble which is without its end. Keep this in mind andthe end will be quicker in coming.is now a summer as wellas a winter remedy. Ithas the same invigoratingand strength-producing effect in summer as in winter.Try it in a little cold milk orwater.ALL DRUGGISTSThe Useful Goat.A goat lives about ten years andwill give about a quart of milk a dayWASH THAT. ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could' be lellevedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. We assure you of instant relief.G.S. Vardtin & Son.. "fIT PAYS TO READ THE BIBLEDave Leahy Tells How It EnabledHim to Issue His Paper OneWeek."I contend it pays to read the Bible," said Dave Leahy, secretary toGovernor Stubbs of Kansas. "It isgood for the morals of every man andwoman and it is a great literature.Also, it pays in other ways."A good many years ago I was running a paper in a small town in Uiesouthern part of the state. My partnerwas a young fellow .who knew aboutthe business and mechanical ends ofthe plant. I was the editor. It wastough going. One day we got to a placewhere we had to have ten dollars toget some paper out of the express office or we could not issue our palladium of the liberties of the peoplethereabout. I had no ten. My partner had no ten. There wasn't a dimebetween us. However, that was hislookout. I was writing a powerful editorial article and I wanted to use aquotation from the Bible. I lookedaround the office for one. There wasnone. So I yelled out to my partner to go and buy a Bible at the bookstore near by. He told me he couldn'tbuy a sandwich much less a Bible."'Well,' I said, Tve got to have aBible so I can round out this gem ofEnglish prose I am composing. Goout and rustle for one.'"He started out; and while browsing around, trying to borrow one, heremembered his mother had given hima nice new Bible when he left home.He galloped up to his boarding place,found the Bible and brought it backto the office."As I was running through theleaves to find the verse 1 wanted,what do you think I found? A tendollar bill his mother had put therewhen he left home! That was justenough to take our white paper outof the express office; and the people were Thus providentially not deprived of their weekly message ofcheer, instruction, admonition and advice which would have been disastrous, for that was a whale of an editorial!" Saturday Evening Post.Voiced His Sentiments.The large proportion of voluntaryAmerican exiles belongs to the fairsex, but many of them insist on theirhusbands accompanying them, andthese matrimonial martyrs, who comeunder the heading of the genus "henpecked," would greatly prefer to livein America. In this connection anAmerican consul told a story whichgives a picture of the hen-pecked husband. It was a Fourth of July gathering In a large hotel and the champagne had nassed around when theconsul, adressing Mr. A., who hadbeen nine years in Switzerland withhis wife without returning to America, said: "You must be delightedWith your stay abroad, as you haveremained so long."i "Delighted be damried," replied Mr.A., looking defiantly at his wife acrossthe table. "I would ratler live inhell."The words were uttered in a loudvoice and with feeling, and the general silence was broken by the speaker's wife, who, smiling sweetly, said:"My husband is slightly exaggeratingthe warmth of the place, but youmust know we come from Pittsburg."Laughter saved the situation.A Tragic Incident.A druggist and his assistant weresadly worried recently. A little girl,probably six years old, wandered in,sobbing bitterly. She was lost. Aslong as she cried nothing could bedone, for she was the only one competent to give the name and addressof the lost home. Working under thistheory the druggist fed her chocolatesto quiet her. It was of no avail, however, for at each question the sobbing was resumed. The tears madelight streaks down the little chocolate coated countenance.Finally the mother found her baby.She took the child from the store,and as she stooped to wipe away thej visible signs of grief, she asked whythe druggist had not been told thename and number. Here is what thelistening clerk heard:"I w-w-w-was af-f-f-fraid he'd1-1-1-laugh!"The druggist realized he had witnessed a tragic episode in the life ofa little stutterer. Indianapolis News.Life Rings on a Mountain.An extraordinary example of theway in which a mountain may affordon a small scale an image of theearth's climates, arranged in successively higher circles, has been found inthe San Francisco peaks.These ancient volcanoes rise out ofa plateau having a mean elevation of7,000 feet above sea level. The peaksare encircled with zones of vegetation, which run almost like contourlines around them.Between 6,500 and 8,500 feet theyellow pine is the dominant tree.From 8,500 to 10,300 feet the Douglasfir, the silver fir, the cork fir, and theaspen share the available ground. Between 10,300 and 11,500 feet the Engelmann spruce and th; fox-tail pinetake possession, and ascent to thetree limit. Scientific American.All Wasted on Him.She (walking home from church)Did you notice that lovely Parisianhat Mrs. Styler was wearing? I couldthink of nothing else the whole time.He No, my dear, can't say I did.To tell you the truth, I was halfasleep most of the time.She Then you ought to beLashamed to own it. A nice lot ofGOOD LIVERWhen you suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always .well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating-, ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle.ihousands of people first learnedttansxKUBHSTrue Manliness.He who desires right In the face ofscorn and defeat, and fights wrongwhen it tries to overpower right, is aman and not a fanatic or a crank.Nature's Workings.If you are looking for the originalblown bottle Cold Proposition, find theman that always yelled "Fill 'em upagain" in the days when he was youngand in his prime. He is the one genuine Tight Wad. If you need help, forthe love of humanity as well as yourself, keep away from him.rrrninargoien s.The Best ofBorne-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham, v JBeef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,Only Show to beGL Paris, Ky. ImmmmmmmmPaiispWeB,S8pleii(l)6iiiFamous Showserman Menagerie i22:Madam Josephine's Troupe of 14 Performing Leopards,Herr Van Gordon's Troupe of 14 Performing Lions.Head ofEducated Elephants Drove of CamelsTwo Troupes Trained Horses and Dogs1 OO Acts10 Male and Female RidersTroupe of Bicycle RidersTroupe of Japanese Riders9 DeCosta Aerial ActsWorld's Greatest RidersDavenport Family15 Features.I. X. L. Ranch Wild West50 Cow Boys and Girls; Trick Riding; Lassoing; Virginia Reel;Rough Riding; Stage Coach Robbery; Hanging HorseThief; Bucking Horse Riding; Companyof Ex. U. S. Cavalry Rough RidersGrand Free Street Parade8 Brass Bands, 6 Tableaux, Cages, Dens, Steam Caliope, 60Mounted People, Wild West, Elephants, Camels, Etc.Two Shows DailyCheap ExcursionsREMEDY FREEof this remarkable cure for stomachyliver and bowel troubles througk afree sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly; ofPlainview, 111., sent for one awf itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, tfcePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hwill never be without it again. Nosick person can aiford to ignore x.remedy so highly indorsed as this.It is good for all the family from,infancy to old age, because it is mild,free from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results arcabsolutely guaranteed or money willbe refunded.For the free samplesaddress Dr. WB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell buildinMonticello, 111. xTrue to Convictions.It has been the plan of my life tofollow my convictions at whateverpersonal cast to myself. James A.Garfield.The Important Thing.We can understand the ease withwhich a fool and his money are parted, but what puzzles u- is how thefool got the money to part with.Her Kind.A woman went into a hardwarestore in Atchison, the Globe says, andasked to.be shown a "harmless revolver" as a protection against burglars.She had asked her husband what kindof a revolver to buy, and he hadreconimended a "hammerless."One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effort3this season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Jyzn this Yean1,000 Raees, nmgs :1 0O Artists30 Ground Acts40 Aerial ArtistsTroupe of Arabs10 Myers Brothers Aerialists '10 Haydens Wire Artists J50 Clowns md Tumblers10 SpecialtiesDoors Open 1 and 7 p.8Eon all RailroadsH4'J11 I!.'fl:i,t!Yerkes & Pritchard.good tne service must nave uune ?uu,I must s&ylStray Stories- -sMJ": s L?iu-: v".."V' "'k j! t-t xaeeso;tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY SEPT. 5, 1911I14 1-3AND 1-2 OFFI ----i-iPiIlAH Men's Suits'aI III.nmgI '"""' ' ' ' "" "" 8I J ALL 5 Ifc uiu5,)inMuSpecialsLadies White Canvas Button Shoes,high Cuban heel, plain toe, shortvamps. $3.00 value. While they lastSpecial &mmm ICome to Us for Your Footwear We Save You MoneyDAN COHEN336 Main StreetLNOW GOINGAnd "VS7"ill I,a,st lO JDscys Only(not damaged) all new Fall, 1911, styles, at 1-2 regular price. One lot of Boys' Suitsf at 50c.Men's Stiff and Soft Hats not damaged at 1-2 price.s 1-7.J.VJ.C7J.J.Everything must beBennie WeissberThe Home of Better Clothes, 426 Main Street, Paris, Kentucky.FINAL CUT ON ALLBeginning This WeekWalk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.For This Week-At The Big Dectric Sign.- -3 TGtsXJLIi.Ji-jysold in a very short time, beforeIFootwearfay BMmLadies' latest style two-strap VelvetPumps. Very comfortable for thishot weather.Special 9) 89Paris, Kentucky.J---7CODPassenger Trains Collide.A head-on collision between twoLi. & N. passenger trains occurred atan early hour Friday morning a fewmiles south of Richmord. The trainbound for Maysville due to passthrough Paris at 8:20, wa3 in chargeof Conductor Speed HibJer. EnigneerSaxton of the Southbound train wasthe only person injured, and he is notbelieved! to be seriously hurt. It wasseveral! hours before the wreckingcrew had cleared the track.BouF&oti Fair five Days andEvenings.Get ready and attend the BourbonFair. This is your fair and you shouldcome and help make it a big successSeptember 5r 6, 7, 8 and 9 five daysand evenings. (2tJWanted.Good Housekeeping Magazine requires the service of a representativein Paris to look after subcsriptionrenewals, and to extend circulatiun byspecial! methods which have proved unusually successful. Salary and commission. Prveious experience desirable, but not essential. Whole time orspare time. Address, with references,J. F. Fairbanks, Good HousekeepingMagaiznc 381 Fourth avenue, NewYork City.Purest artesian wellwater on ail parts of theBourbon Pair Grounds,convenient for the public to drink.Change of Venue.Montgomery county citizens will;witness a spectacle seldom seen inthe Bkegrass region at the term ofCircuit Court, which began thereyesterday, in that a white woman Iwillbe placed on trial for wilful murder.The case in qi e tion is that of Anseand Drucilla Wnite, husband and wife,charged with the murder of JaseDeaton in Breathitt county severalmonths ago. The case was transferred irom Breathitt to Montgomerycounty by Special Judge W. C. Halbert, and is set for trial next Monday.White and his wife are now out onbond awaiting trial.At the time the case was called atJackson the Jexcitement was intenseand both sides feared they could notget a fair trial, and while White wasin jail a special guard was orderedaround the jail to protect him. Feeling in the case at Jackson seems veryhigh.It will be remembered Deaton wastried in the Bourbon. Circuit Court forthe murder of John Abner in Breathitt, and with the two Davidsons andHacker Combs was acquitted. JudgeHalberqt, of Lewis county, befjrewbum Deaton was tried, will sit at thetrial cf his alleged slayers.Season Tickets For Bourbon Pair.Season Tickets for the Bourbon Fairare on sale at the following places:Deposit Bank,First National Bank,J. T. Hinfcon's,J. W. Davis & Co.'s,Frank & Co.'s,Lowry & Talbott's.All five tickets can be used for oneday, or one for each of the five days.There will be no season tickets sold atthe gates.Secure you tickets before one o'clockp, m., to-day, at the above places.ONlOothe fall season starts.MHMMMMHMMIIBase Ball Up to Now.The game wa3 called, with; Molassesat the stick. SmallAPox was catching.Coal was in the box and had lots ofsteam. Horn was playing first base,and Fcddle second base. Corn was inthe field and Apple was-umpire. WhenAxr came to the bat, he chopped, andCoal let Brick walk and Sawdust filledthe bases. Song made a hit andTwenty made a score. Every foot ofGround kicked and said Apple wasrotten- Balloon started to pi-tch butwent op in the air, then Cherry triedit but &e was a wild one.. When Spidercaught a fly -the crowd cheered. Old.Ice kept cooling the game until Coalburnt him with a pitched ball, tnenyou ought to have heard Ice GTrearo.Cabbage had a good head and keptquiet. Grass covered lots ofground onthe field- Organ refused to play andBread loafed around and put him out.In the fifth inning Wind began to blowabout what he could do and Hammerbegan to knock, then the Trees beganto leave. Knife was put out for cutting first base. There was- lots of betting: on the game and Eggs wentbroke but Soap cleaned up.. They allkicked when in the heat of the gameCoal was put out, but not' until he hadroasted Pork good and hard for hispigheaderiness. Balloon went in theair again when Pigs began to root.The score was 1 to 0 when Apple toldFiddle Ito take the base. Oats wasshocked, not having a grain- of sense.Song made another hit and Trombonetried to slide but was put out. Meatwasr-playing for a big stake act wasput out at the plate after being roasted by the upmirp. Door said that ifhe had pitched the game be wouldhave shut them all out.Stock Show Second to None.The stock show at Bourbon Fair issecond to none in the- State. Newpremiums added this year and manyincreased in value. (2)Ollf I ifiA niver is VeryAS PS I M T 31 III! :wedding gifts.- REtMFMRFR THISI The "House of Quality" only car- Iries the very best in Solid Silver Ij ,., .1 . Iwc k.o.11 Hivefrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.piitl he HouseBoth Phones.mIIANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Councilmen from their respective Wards,subject to the action of the Democratic Cit7 Primary September 22.1911 :FTRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks.G. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND WARD. 'W. O. Hinton. $,C. E. Butler.JL Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.mS va.FIRST WARD.L. Wollstetn.SECOND WARDEr. Wm. Eenney.D. C. Parrrsh.William Ardery.TOdlRD WARD.3hn McCarthy.To My Mesis and HomePeople:I have-3tarted a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices oa. all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand helsv in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. WallingforcLQd&r tn Qil 1Complete. II I I 1 U M 1 mm wvou anvf-hinor wof Quality.vrI-aLAjK