- ITHE BOURBON NEWS.VzrPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ESIDAY IN THE YEAR.I "iVOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1911.NUMBER 13Lexington Macabees to Celc-brate.Lixington Tent No. 20, Knights ofthe Maccabees of the World, will celehtatc the sixteenth year of us existencojon Febiuary 28. with a big initiation prorgam in the lodge rooms, followed by a banquet to about 300 member-in the Phoenix Hotel.FreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYI) Logan Howard.Sleet Does Heavy Damage.The heaviest sleet since January.3892, fell in this section Sunday nightdoing considerable damage to trees,and causing much suffering among unsheltered stock, as following so suddenly the soveral warm days of thepast week, farmers had no time toI prepare for their comfort.j In Paris great damage was done thetelephone companies, as lines all overI the town were broken down and alarge number of telephones put out ofI commission as the result of fallingwires coming in contact with electricj .wires.I Reports from out in the county areto the effect that telpehone poles werebroken down in great number by theweight of the sleet which collected upon the wires. Sunday night the entirearc circuit was cut out to avoid anyj possibility cf pedestrians sustainingI injuries from the broken wires andj yesterday the day current was disccntmued for about four hours to allow1 inemen to cut down the broken wires.The East Tennessee Teephone Co.has a lorce of about fifteen lilnemenat work here repairing the damageThe Home Company sustained but littleloss in the city owing to the fact thatmost of their wires are underground.The electric fire alarm system wasconsiderably impaired as a result ofthe heavy fall of sleet.TURMER'SSLAYER FREEDJury in Case at Malvern. Ark.,Acquits Jack Purnell of theCharge of Murder.KILLED AT HOT SPRINGS.Turner Shot While Walking WithPurnell's Wife After Visiting Picture Shows.FOR RENT.MITCHELL j IBUriJMfSPRING SUITSModern snd convenient cottage onMt. Airy Avenue. Apply toMRS. MARY E. PATON.wawCashnormn..K WWfi For every day in the week. Don't let the low A-.( price mislead you to believe that the quality is not ffW the best. S(msisasa(USftftftftwiftftvemsStandard granulated sugar, 20 pounds $1.00Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch, 3 packages 10Pure Hog Lard per pound 123-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Baby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25Matches, 3 boxes 10San tee Syrup, 1-2 gallon can . .. -j.v.j .1RJ!&?ji45'San tee Syrup, 1 gallon can , 30Queen Olives, quart jar 25Evaporated Peaches, fancy; per lb 10Prunes, per lb 10Ivory Soap. 6 Bars 25Fels Naptha Soap, 6 bars 25Lump Starch per pound 03Cream Cheese, per pound 20Royal Baking Powder per lb 43Evaporated Apricots, fancy, per lb 15Asparagus (Libby's) per can 25Annrflmifj Tine iT.ihhv'cl ror -an 9iftftft.ZDThe Flour of Quality.You have tried the rest; now try the best.Blue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack. -...65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 1b. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C LEINIMAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234V't'C"-':6KjWWvizwft ftfvftft'mUiMrMfMMiSMMmi'Mi'mt''wjmmSMmwmmSmMmiVilV5tyl&i SPRING HATS IWe have received all thelatest colors and shapes inthe celebratedHoward Hat,Best S3 Hat in the U. S.TIM!Call and see them.Price & Co.,Clothiers.ifVXr w ifiW iitW .wmfmHfcvWj&BEM3aS2EK2M3KBma25EKEBKEBKZAfCflnuA news dispatch from Malvern,Ark., February 14, aay: "Jack Purnell was acquitted of the murder ofW. C. Tuiner yesterday afternoon,after the jury having:, had the casesince Saturday afternoon."Turner's death occurred at HotSprings August 11 of the past year,when Turner and Mrs. Purnell, whohad been an a visit to the vsrious picture shows of the city, returned to thePurnell home, where Turner wasboarding for a time."The State charged that Purnellwent home before his wife and theirhoarder returned and "deliberately layin wait for them and shot Turner downwhen they arrived."The veridct came somewhat as asurprise, since the jury had been outso long. It was believed ihat a mistrial would result."Never in the history of the CircuicCourt has such a masteiful addressbeen delivered in a murder trial asthat made by Ccl. George W. Murphy,of Little Rock, chiet of counsel forPurnell. "It is said by many who fihavehad the pleasure of listening to thevenerable attorney, conceded to be theleading criminal lawyer in the State,that his address in behalf of Purnellwas the best that he ever made in acase of this kind. Its effect en thejury was plainly noted, and this, combined with the recognized fact thatPurnell had made a mest valuable witness tor himself, caused almost general expectation that Purnell would beacquitted.Washington's Birthday Celebrated.Wednesday morning at nine o'clockat the public school auditorium thefollowing program will be rendered:Music High School Band.Invocation Rev. O. B. Clrockett."What's in a Name" Four boys ofGrade 2A."The Bonnie Flag'' Pupils of theFirst Grade.A..fihorfcpiay tUGeorjre Washingtonand the Cherry Tree" Pupils of Grade2A.Marching Seng By the ThirdGrade."To Washington and the Flag"Four girls of Grade 2A."Crowning Washington" -Four boysof Grade 4 A.Song, "Hurrah for the Red. Whiteand Blue" Pupils of Fifth Grade."Washington's Grave" BlancheChapman Fifth Grade."Ode to Washington's Birthday"Raxie McDaniel Grade GA."The Nation's Pride" Stuart Wal-lingford--Grade7.Original Essay "Washington as aPrivate Citizen" Helen Desha HighSchool.Music High School Band.Benediction Rev. O. B. Crockett.New Theatrical Firm.Messrs. Robret S. Portpr and RobertShea, the theatrical magnates of thiscity, have secured a lease on the ParisGrand in vhis city for a number ofyears and are now in possession. TheGrand will be run in connection withthe Comet Theatre, which has been insuccessful operation for the past fourmonths.On Monday, I larch 6, Messrs. Porter& Shea will inaugurate the summerseason of vaudeville at the Grand.The bookings will be secured throughthe agency of the Gus Sun BookingAgency of Springfield, Ohio, which initself is a guarantee that all the bestacts in vaudeville will be seen hereduring the coming summer months.For the winter season the grand willbe booked by Klaw & Erlanger andThe Shuberrs, and this will also insureto the people of Paris a splendid lineof attractions. During the next twoweeks the Grand will undergo athorough overhauling and cleaning.Both the Comet and the Grand will beunder the immediate supervision ofManager Porter, and as he ha3 theconfidence of the people of Paris andthe county, through his past management of these two houses, there is noreason to believe otherwise than thatour people in the future will see thebest there is to be had in the movingpicture and theatrical line.Bible Class Banquetted.State Sunday School EvangelistWalter E. Frazee, of Louisville, wasthe chief speaker at the third annualbanquet given by Mrs. Carey E. Morgan's Bible class in the parlors of theChristian church Thursday evening,his subject Deing. "Tne Unfinishedtask."Mr. Frazee predicted a total of onethousand organized Bible classed inthe state by the time of the meetingof the tate convention of the Christian church which will meet in Frankfort in October.Supreintendent W. O. Hinton spokeon, "The Signs of the Times," and hisaddress ws listened to with muchinterest.Prof. A. Fairhurst, of Lexington,delivered a wittv talk, his subject being: "A Nameless Subject and aThoughtless Speech."Plate's were laid.for 175 guests. The'parlors of the chruch were deco-ateriin pink and greea with a profusion ofpink chrysanthemsumi.1IMr. R. H. Swaffield, representing theSlobe TJailoring Co.will make a display of the very latest fabricsin suitings at cur stere onFebruary 16, 17 and 18Particular dressers are especially invited toinspect this line.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.O utf i tters-to- M en ."WE KNOW HOW."1rkcnziiiiimiiiiiHiJ.uimnui iiinniiiiniiiinitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiniiimiiiiimiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiniiiiuiiN9FRANK & CO:The Ladies' Store,m iAnnounceReady For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesINWhite GoodsGinghamsSheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviotsLinensSpecial Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin UnderwearHamburgs and Laces"YOUR TRADE SOLICITEDPRANK & CO.,- iiwi:ii$iiP$ef33. -. t,f3 SVi -V3 tXlv ,3' aaai--v3 wr,-.-r m-jas?THE BOURBON NEWsPARl KENTUCKY; FEB. 21, AllTHE BOURBON NEWS.I1H1IDr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionIs the best ol ail medicines for the cure of diseases,disorders and weaknesses peculiar to women, it is ineonly preparation of its kind devised by a regularly graduated physician-an experienced and skilled specialist inthe diseases of women.It is a safe medicine in any condition of the system.THE ONE REMEDY which contains no alcoholand no injurious habit-forming drugs and whichcreates no craving for such stimulants.THE ONE REMEDY so good that its makersare not afraid to print its every ingredient oneach outside bottle -wrapper and aitzst to thetruthfulness of the socio under oath.Geo. PinncJIWins -No. 1121.BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.0SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding .a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theTfettleton ShoeyYAKEstablished in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.It is sold by medicine dealers everywhere, and any f'1? .'.get it. Don't take a substitute of unknown composition ?' .I"ora composition. No counterfeit is as good as the genuine and I the &Who says something else is "just as good as Dr. Pierce s is cither mutatoor is trying to deceive you for his own selfish benefit. Such ' Jtrusted. He is trifling with your most priceless possession-your healthmay be your life itself. See that you get what you ask for.which is so constructed and in such variationaV BBBaSBBvof sizes that any foot can be fitted.o. IVB cWillams,TheTShoelVlan.XEsr&rMA Treat For AllClasses Who Smoke.Crystal IceB. K, ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff ofBALDWIN BROS.Two Sig Sto as, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOOKSIOWEY &d$3$$C$$&ftBourbonD.WIS & FUNK, Props.S Telephone No. 4.Im1at$.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.An Idol Cisjar in his mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis pocket for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Itesort, therefore, all )e whoare fund of a good smoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisCream Parlor,Our Coffeewill tell youfine aroma.it is certainly ofA.nd a cup of it in1ii . i i. iprove that ittastes even better than it smeFs.llich, golden brown in color,with plenty of bod-, but nobitter taste, it is a codec fit fora king. Be good to yourselfand try a pound.That "do not a prison make'are no- the kind we keep. Ou:locks, bolts, etc., are t.ie kindthat stay locked and bolted.They are not toys, but arcstrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassure. Come and et the realkind. Our prices are moderate.TALBOTTnil n go!$$ $-giilLaundry $Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Seryice ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.W4i 'S$C.0O, Payable in$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at least!one cjreaaea disease mat science nasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is catarrh. Hall's Catarrh cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease, and givinf the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faith inits curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold bv druggistss, Toe.Take Hall's Family Pills for Constipation. Inherent Riches.There are thousands of people whohave lost everything they valued inthe world, ail the material results oftheir lives' endeavorand yet, becausethey possess stout hearts, unconquerable spirits, a determination to pushahead which knows no retreat, theyare just as far from real failure as before their loss; and with such wealththey ran never be poor Orison SwettMarden, in Success Magazine.The First "Cowboys.""Cowboy" was once a sinister wordIn American politics. In the Revolutionary war the "cowboys" were apet of Tories in Westchester county.New York, popularly so-called because" ine. Dr.u "s ? wlth cthey treated their Whig or rebel...neignbors. It was, no doubt, inmemory of them that the name of"cowboys" was given in 1861 to certain people in Connecticut and otherparts of New England who were almost secessionists.Long-Lived Germs.Living typhoid grrms have beenfound in a fly stomach sir days afterthe fly had sucked them in, and thesegerms were in their "specks" for twodays after germs were eaten by MissFly. Consumption germs were takenout of the belly of a fly at a fly postmortem. Mrs. Fly had sucked theseparticular consumption genus in fifteen days before. Diphtheria germslive in flies a week, but cholera germsdie out in a couple of days.Personalities in "Pilgrim's Progress."The "Pilgrim's Progress" is a gallery of portraits, admirably discriminated, and as convincing in their selfverification as those of Holbein. Hispersonages live for us as few figuresoutside the drama of Shakespeare live.They are not, like the humorists ofHen Jonson's plays, constructed byheaping a load of observations on aseries of ethical abstractions; theyare of a reasonable soul and humanflpsh subsisting. Fd ward Dowden:"Puritan and Anglican."Accuse of Stealing.E. E. Chamberlain, of Clinton, Me.,boldly accuses Bucklen's Arnica Salveof stealing the sting from burns orscalds the pain from sores of allkinds - the distress from boils or piles.i It robs cuts, corns, bruises or iniu-nes of their terror," he says, "as asa healing remedy its equal don't ex-ist- 0nly 2r cents at Oberdorfer's.Eccentric Work Basket.There are work bags made of turtles. Could anvthine: be odder? AndONE YEAR,W i as they sound. The shell of the turyf . tic is lined with some gay silk, andij the tail is pulled over and insertedv.v I in the mouth, then used as a handle.fv i They make nice sewinc baskets, andwill undoubtedly appeal to the loversof the eccentric.At the Top."1 take a good deal of pride in mycousin Hector," said Mrs. Lapsing."He paid his own way through themedical college, got his diploma andnow he is a full Hedged disciple ofnow he Is aOsculapius."Curious Animal.A curious animal is the alnaca.yj which has an appearance immediatelySA'i between a llama and a sheep andyieias irom ten to iourteen pounas orbeautiful wool. If crossed with theT1 nitlin nt trsx1 It v . lx T ,1..like the Ham... mimr r hia,white, gray and red$1.00!0!n the Same Boat.A story is told of a woman who leftthe Hotel Westminster, Boston, in ataxicab, directing the chauffeur todrive to the Art Museum. The doorof the cab was hardly closed beforethe machine started with a jerk, andbegan narrowly to miss curbstones asit proceeded on its way. Eecomingfrightened the woman rapped uponthe window of the cab and said:"Please be careful. This is the firsttime I ever rode in a taxi." "That'sall right, ma'am. This is the firsttime I ever drove one alone."Rich Man.The richest man in our ncQwiintance is one who. although in middlelife, has not accumulated a thousanddollars. His character is so lofty andgentle and his heart bo genuinely truethat his friendship carries with it awonderful wealth of helpfulness andcourage and those other qualitieswhich lift men into high place? inlife and these are things that m.neycannot buy.A Nest for Baby.A large clothes basket lined andfilled with a many-times folded blanketor large cushion makes a cozy nest fora baby, and in this the little one hasroom to lie and stretch his little limbsabout. It makes a change from thecot, and the babe is .more out ofdraughts in the basket than when lyingon a hearthrug in front of the fire.Attack Like Tigers.In fighting to kcopthu blood purethe white cor holes attack like tigersdisease germs. But often germs nuiltily so fast the little fighters are overcome. Then see pimples, boils, eczema, saltrheum and sores multiplj- andstrength and appetite fail. This condition demands- Electric Bitters toregulate stomach, liver and kidneysand to expel poisons from the blood."They are the best blood purifier,"writes (J. T. liudahn. of Tracy, Calif.,"I have ever found." They makerich, red blood, strong nerves andbuild up your health. Trv Them.oO cents at Oberdorfer's.Happenings in January.January has the credit of an eventwhich has changed the world's historyend which happened in our own country. Gold was discovered in California January 14,' IS 18. Seven yearslater, on January 27. 1855. the Panama railroad was opened ami goC itsshare of the gold of the returning Callfornians and the gold seekers who hadmoney enough for travel by thatroute. And the first telegraph wa established January 0. 1S4 1. and the firstpenny post and postage' stamps in theworld came into being in England January 10, 1840."I Suffered IntensePains in My LeftSide."Do you realize it is better to besafe than sorry, that it is the bestpolicy to lock the stable door beforethe horse is stolen?Dr. Miles' Heart Remedycured Mrs. C. C. Gokey, of a stubborn case of heart disease, such asthousands are now suffering with.Read vhat she says:"Before I began taking Dr. Miles'Heart Remedy I had betn sufferingfrom heart trouble for over fiveyears. I had grown so weak that itwas impossible for me to do thirtyminutes work in a whole day. Isuffered intense pains in mv leftsideand under the left shoulder blade, Icould not sleep on the left side, andwas so short of breath that I thoughtI should never be able to take a Fullbreath again. The least ex citementwould bring on the most distressingpalpitation. I had scarcely taken ahalt-bottle of the Heart Remedy before I could see a marked change inmy condition. I began to sleepwell, had a good appetite, and improved so rapidly that when 1 hadtaken six bottles I was completelycured.MRS. C. C. GOKEY, Northfield, Vt.If you have any of the symptomsMrs. Gokey mentions, it is yourduty to protect yourself.Dr. Miles' Heart Remedy.is what you need. If the first bottle fails to benefit, your money isreturned. Ask your druggist.iturned. Ask your druggist.MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, In.,SIX MONTHSAdvances'We Cater to ParticularCustomersDodson & DentonPARIS. KY.whsSvrSSZfcIZZSSZOhas, S. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool. iWe Handle Nothing But the Best. 'CI1AS. S. BRENT BRO.PARIS,Both 'Phones 14.IECDDIUDVI LU1UA1 IDAILYGOURIER-JGURNflLAt One-half PriceIf you will bring or send us your subscription duringthe month of February we will Send youThe BourbonlNewsONE YEARAND THEDaily Courier-JournalFour MonthsFor Only $2.25Or this paper ONE YEAR and DAILY COURIERJOURNAL Eight Months for $3.00.Subscriptions received at this price only duringthe month of February.The' State and National Campaigns are opening and you want to keep posted on politicalevents. Read the Courier-Jourdal editorials. AndMr. Watterson's letters from Europe will be interesting. 4Subscriptions orders under this offer mustNOT be tent to the Courier-Journal, but to us.II I 'ggigr BKbIbMb&&KENTUCKY.nUtl I IBARGAINSmNl:N14ITHE BOURBON NEWS, Paris, Ky.VHMHMMHMfT.3nrt&- ?,i'&.ia-'-? JCl. v-t?, - .k .- 1J --VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 211911.Z&.LlVflipiSPECIAL REDUCED FARESTicKets om sat February 21, 22, 25, 24, 25, 26 ui 27Cf U I.tarBiB mmtil fetch Utfc, mi. with PriTlH. f Exliail.aSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSm FULL PARTICULARS. CAU ON IY TICKET AffNT. QUEER CRESCENT ROUTE.,..., wW W"ITEH. C. KINO, . W. A. RECKLFDPsfftenger and Ticket Agent,101 E. Maia Street, Lcxiaftos, Ky.scse EARN$75 to $1 25 MonthComplete course.Folder. Y. M. C.Five weeks day orA. AUTOMOBILEUfcCincinnati, Ohio.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawford3 Olnairs EAll White Parbers, jHot and Cold Baths. )The Public Patronage Re-Curtis & Overby.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Oflers his services to the people ofbourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsollice will receive prompt attention.71&vrtmmWM-!j Vf4WOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately pricedone, too.If you a:e looking forThe"Hat you'll find it in our present handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra efibrtsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DEWTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Ollice 514 Main Street.Oftice Phones ) T vfi Home i:ii5.Residencev E. T. 8:5-1.i Home :4.DK. A. U KELLER,PRACTICING PlTYSICIAN,Offices, Rooms 4 and .1, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... Kentuckyife?.V lSLzmZ- WKJt j 'V ,.mm "-ui'terMJMiV-aL JjNEW ORLEANSmb MOBILEMARDI ftPie-- - -xtGcaeral Peaf er AfCRt.Kw pmiOTf, wiacuwau, u.FIVE MEN WANTED To belChauffers,Repairers or Demonstrators. Personal attention, actual reuairine- ami ririvimrten weeks evening. Write forSCHOOL, G83 Walnut Street,jan27feb3John White & CoLOUISVILLE, KYEstablished 18 31;Highestmarketprice paforFURSrawand HIDES.WOOLCOMMISSION(hiLLi2i.sjt:ra'i' j- i rrs k tM,.jk&:.,g?7&- C. . ,- -UHi..Ji,ItJV- ILES trtyDon't 'tt tliis moMdestructive of allinfectious riii-easeaet a "grip" onyour flock.A few drops ofBOURBON POULTRY CURE4......i in the drinking water cures and prevents j' Cholera, Lmtbtrncck. Roup and otherI existing form:, of poultry disease'', and putsfowls in prime condition for egg-laying.One 50c bottle mskes 12 yallons of medicine.Ever, poultry ia:-cr should keep a bottlef tiiis medicine on hand.For S:ileoct'Jaugby W. T. Brooks.Fine Upholstering,Cabinet Repair Work,Mirrors Re-Silvered,Antique Furniture a SpecialtyC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bfdg, Opp.Windsor HotelHome 'Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waits.to wait on theYou are next.M. A. kahal:Special WinterTourist TicketsVfAij On Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,('ubi'i, Florida. Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, Xew Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Kieo, Tenneee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers Tickets on Sale 1st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West,Northwest ;South West andalso to points inAlabama,Louisiana, and Miss-issippi.For ratesroutes, " tfcc, callIII Ig&ffi&j?errri A-:on writeW. H. HARRIS, Aitof D. S. JORDAN. T. A.rrrriinargoien s.Lamb.Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.Margolen,LParis, Ky.JMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroidervMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.B. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Jlnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglOtfEast Tenn. Phone titii)Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Jiank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronacre solicited.COME ON!We can do your JOBPRINTING of everydescriptionI Cards. Billheads, Circulars, Auc-'tkm and Show Bills. Pamphlets.i Law Blanks. Briefs, BlanlT" Books.Labels at Reasonable PriccfA King Who Left Home.set the world to talking, but PaulI Matlmlka, of Buffalo, N. Y., says hei always KEEPS AT HOME the KingJ of all Laxatives Dr. King's NewI I.ifeJPills and'thatthey are a blessingto all his family. Cures constipation,headaches, indigestion, dyspepsia.Onlv 25 cents at Oberdoifer's.In Virginia.A few Sundays since, in a smallschool at Independence, Va., the subject wu3 "The Wise and Foolish Virgins." One of the teachers asked theclass the following question: "Whichof the invited guests did not havetheir lamps trimmed and burning?"The one to respond was a pretty littlegirl. "Can you answer the question,Molly?" asked the teacher. "Oh, yes,sir," said the little girl, "it was thefooliih Virginian." National Monthly."Fire Fan."Traveler (in a railway car," to fellowpassenger): "Sir, what do you mean?This Is the third time you have putout my match." Fellow traveler:"Force of habit. I'm a member of avolunteer fire brigade." .Then Spoils It.A woman can look at a man inj way' that makes him feel like anluKsed nickel then, she spoils tneeffect by saying things.wPUBLIC SALEOF SPLENDIDBourbon County Farm.ON TUESDAY, FEB. 21, 1911,at 1 o'c'ock p. m., on the premises, we will sell at public auction, a .tract of 293acres, five miles from Pans, on the Jackstown turnpike and Tarr Station pike,one mile from Tarr Station, belonging to Mrs. S. G. Clay.r Ten room frame dwelling in perfect repair, with splendid dry cellar undernearly the whole house. Ice house, carriage house, meat house? hen houses,granary, two cabins, two corn cribs, two horse barns.The farm divided into six pastures with never failing water in 'each enclosure and every fence, outside and inside, new and hog proof. Forty acres ofwoodland; fifty acres of virgin soil; fifty acres of old sod; forty acres of sodready for tobacco: thirty acres the third year in clover, for corn;thirty acres for corn or nemp, plowedtwo crops or corn ana two or wneat, now in wneai siuuuie. oixiy acres inwheat, which was plowed out of sod three years ago and had two yearsof corn. This is a splendid farm located in the richest farm section of thecounty, with every foot good for tobacco, hemp or corn. No rocks orwashes.Two tobacco barns, capacity eighteen acres. "An ideal cattle barn with racks,troughs, crib; tongue and grooved loft floor, that will feed fifty cattle comfortably. A good tenant house with outbuildings and fenced. Every buildingin perfect repair.A Fairbanks stock scales, enclosed.This farm is fenced, dividing it about equally, with barn and improvementson each part and each part on the pike.This farm will be sold in two parts, then as a whole.Tract No 1 contains about 150 acres, with tenant house and cattle barn.Tract No. 2 contains about 143 acres,scribed above.TERMS-One-third cash, balance in one and two years, with deferrednotes bearing (I per cent, interest and lien retained until paid. Immediate possession.We will take pleasure in showing thisHARRIS &COL. GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.II IfB ri ifAAAbold byTHE333This hous the Sliding CordBack which maltcs biiirlcj i'resideat Suspenders the most comfortable and durable.rrrrr-noaldwm racKing Lx.,"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersandjdealersIIBaldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.True Love.Love in action is sacrifice: it mustgive itself; wheiever, then, true, pure'love lies, true pure sacrifice is continually made. Jessie Combs.Deceiving.Often when you got them unbuttoned and removed you find that therereally isn't much ot a man insidethose big fur overcoats after all.Reached the Limit.The lat course was being broughton, and little John, who had partakenof each previous one. looked up andsaid: 'Oh. this one will faint meaway."His Definition.Young Arthur, heing asked to ffivea definition of "deadlocks," quite asunexpectedly answered: "A deadlockI is what Aunt Emnia'H li:uk lnir lmade of."IJust Superstition.Finding a pocket book means that1 the dreamer will finish his or her education abroad. Losing one means thecoming of a letter.out of sod four years ago and has hadwith duelling and buildings asde-farm to any one desiring to see it.SPEAKES,Real Estate Dealers.SHIRLEYPRESIDENT SUSPENDERSate nece33ary to your comfort for dress wear, busfncsi or hard work. After a few days' wear youwill wonder why you ever wore the ordinarykind.Made in three weights to suit all occupationand in extra len ths for tall men.your dealers or from factory at oOc.Signed Guarantee on every pairC. A. EDGART0N MFG. CO.MAIN STREET, SHIRLEY, flASS.IOVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &cAni-one icii1Iii? n aketrli and description roarqulcl.ly :uert.tin our opinion free whether aninvi'tiiiiiii n probably patentable. Comujutiicaiioih! net ly confident ml. HANDBOOK on Patentssent free, oldest neency for lecumifr patents.l'.it flits taken through Munu Co. receiveiptciul notice, without, charge, lu theScientific American.A hnndsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest Ir-riil.-ttitniof any xcientini: journal. Terms, f" 4w.ir: lotrr months, L tiold by all newsdealers.MUNN& Co .. New YorkBranch Office. rB5 V St.. Washington. . C.To Remove Ii idew.If kid gloves hao b. conic : t-ttedwith mildew they sl.t.uM be 1 lced ina bottle with a lump ! ::n.iiiM;ia aboutj the size of a walnut; cork the bottletigutiy and leave tliem for a shorttime, when the mildew spots willquite disappear. If left too long however, the ammonia will rot thestitches; so they must be watched.A11 air-tight box will do equally wellas a bottle. ' Hij2JrraDODGING THELAWBy M. QUADCopyright, 1010. by Associated Literary Press.Josephus Henderson was a man offorty when a startling event took place;in his life. lie was also a widower.He was exactly five feet high anelweighed 110 pounds. These figureswill convince you that Josephus wanot numbered among the mighty ineaof earth. He had tried various waysof making a living, and in pursuing;them he had got the reputation of boing keen. He had at last turned peddler and was driving a horse andwagon around the country with drygoods, notions, groceries and tinware,,That's the way he came to meet thewidow Sopher, who lived on a farm.The widow had passed forty. She?was large and bony and strong. Shewas not handsome. The only thing onearth she feared was the law. Shehad once been arrested for kicking a.man and had spent ten days in jail.The sheriff had made her stay a3pleasant as possible, but she had never recovered from the shock.Peddlers are a jovial lot, and so arewidows, and in time these two cameto call each other Josh and Sally.Tliin" worth! lijivo irone no furtherbut for the little man's keennes. Henever made a sale to the widow without cheating her. and one day vheo.he heard that she had come into possession of $.".000 in cash through thedeath of a brother Josephus saw his.way clear for the future. That moneywould set up a store in the village,and he would become a thriving niec-i chant.I Josephus went courting, ne foundi the widow behind the plow in a field.j As he courted she plowed. He had!I no objections, as time was money to' both of them. Josephus . confessedthat he had entertained a sneaking:. affection for the widow since his first' call. and. though she didn't say much,.' she seemed pleased.Josephus was told to call two week.?later, but at the end of nine days hewas back again. He said it was hisj beating heart that fetched him. HeHad cut the time down, but the widovrt was ready for him. Several days prej vious she had gone to the village and"paid a lawyer .s'5 to answer the qiiesI tion:"Can the law trouble a wife whQ' licks her husband?"And his answer had been:"Xot if you do not lick him too hurtL! There is neither assault nor battery iai what may be called a luoderate licking.Don't break any bones and don't sri, ously injure his eyes.". I "I have been thinking." said the wiu"-ow to Josephus: "I have been thinking:and wondering if you loved me."' "Heavens, can you doubt it?" he ex--!claimed.i "And you will always love mel"' " ,, "Forever and forever!""Then we'll say two months hence."'"One month a week a day!"; Josephus knew of a store to rent inthe village, and he wanted that So.OOO.i Tiie widow insisted that she must havetwo weeks at the very shortest, and a:! date was settled on. The marriage wasj to be private and be celebrated in herhome. In due time the happy daycame round a preacher and two wict uesses and the deed was done. Anhour later, as the happy couple wereI left alone, the widow changed herI dress, rolled up her sleeves and broughtout a new horsewhip bought for the oci casion.I "What's up?" asked the wondering:Josephus.! "Take off your coat and stand out.""j "For what, love? I want to talkrt with you about opening a store irt1 town."1 'Tlenty of time for that. Josephus.j The first sale you made to me was fiveyards of roller toweling. You beat moon the price and on the measure. 1'nI going to tan your jacket for it!""But. love"j Site took him by tliecollar and laid:, on the whip till lie hollered. A wo' man who could lv!t a plow around:"I in clay soil could handle the little! Josephus.. "Tiie second sale." continued thewife as she rested, "was live tin pansFour of them leaked, and you beat meout of 10 cents beside. Here Is licking Xo. J.""But I am your dear husband!" he! protested as he squirmed about."And that's why I can lick you anddodge the law. Here goes!"' Josephus hide was tickled again.J He attempted to fight, but was takenby the hair and his head bangedagainst the wall till he grew quier.When the performance was over andthe wife had got her breath she said:"You sold me ten yards of calico fora dress and warranted it to wanh. Itwas three-quarters of a yard xhort onthe measure and the colors ran intoeach- other. Josephus, some moret horsewhip!""I'll have you arrested for this!""Yon can't. That's what I paid 5:o make sure of. Come to lime!'" -AndJosephus was licked for selling! short weight groceries, and for charging T0 cents too much for a pair ofshoes, and for selling black stock I isthat crocked, and when he had got htslast stroke the wife said:'Josephus. darling, it was a ronsiuof mine that gof the $5,000. butvou'vtiiot me. and here we dwell, and youlo the farm work and do it well oryou'll gt some more of this! Themercantile busiuess is not for ns.,lear.What we want is the freeiir Cho country, with hour prices aa4i ;ojd t2wssre-thrown in!A.TTORNEY-AT-LAW.iwm. 1 Kk Boildiiiar.KFER; 21, 1911.LK1m- Heroftm Umter Knif.Hrim on the onerating, table 12srally regarded &s a necessary an-pkiy of fortitude and therefore notcalling for particular mention. Itsfloeet examples come under the obMrvance of only a very few personsat best, and these fev generally forjjet quickly what they have witnessedin preparing for another operation.There is nothing particularly thrillingabout it, no attending battles or selfsacrifice or catastrophes to lend itcolor and attract attention.AMfher Candidate la tke Field.Judge L. S. Rodgers, of Carlisle,has announced his candidacy for theDemocratic nomination for ReDresen-I tative from the district which is composed of the counties of Nicholas endi Robertson. The race for the nominaI tion promises to be a warm one, andan interesting political hght. JungRodgers is the third entry, the ctrcandidates being Judge F. V. Cox anu1 Green R. Keller.jExcellent Farm.J The farm of Mrs. S. G. Clay, fivemiles from Paris on the Jackstown andJ Tarr's Station pike, will be offered 1 1public sale today at I o'clock. Don'tWhy She Refused.Tes," said the thoughtful girl, "Ivas obliged to refute him when he ! fn;i tn aftpnrl.sked me to marry him." "But Ithought you esteemed him so high- j Life Term for Stealing Turkey,ly." "I do, but he told me I was the j Cas McAtten was .'sentenced to thefirst girl he had ever proposed to. If penitentiaiy for life in the Scott .CirI had said yes,' he'd have been too j cuit Court Friday for stealing a turconfident and egotistical. He'll have . key, worth more than S2, and tvnto be rejected a few times before he ' former convictions being alleged in tietalks matrimonv to me." 'indictment. McAtten. a negro ;cha -racter about town, could not resist thetempter, and as a result must spendCleaning op Georgetown.The Scott county grand jury adjourned Friday after two weeks1 session, returned thirty-five true billsagainst gamblers operator! of gambling-homes and violators of the localoption law. One indictment waiagainst a former policeman for witnessing a poker game and not arresting the participants.Civilians Will Build Armories.Armories will be built for the stategurd at .Kopjkinsville aria1 Ashland,and a building will be rented at .laikson, to be used by the state guards.The armories will be built by civilians and rented with money furnished. by the state, the county and the Federal Government. The Ashland ArI mory will cost 25,000 and the Hopjkinsville Armory $15,000. These reI ports have been received by ActingAdjutant General E. B. Bassett.Grcggg Acquitted.Judging s Man."You can judge a man by thepany be keeps," taid Pncle AllenSparhe, "but you can't always judgehim by his habits. Some men are agood deal better than the cigars theyamoke."the remainder of his life at Frankfort.He Knew Her Methods.Wife I've been chopping all dayand saw nothing that I really wanted.Husband tanxiouti)) What did youget that you didn't want. HostonEvening Transcript.Aged Woman Commits Suicide.Insane he cuse of being imprisonedfor the murder of herjhusband severalHe 1 " vears committed suicide at theEatsern Kentucky Asylum in Lexington. The woman strangled herself.- wt r ui . w'tn her stockings looped around theinsure With VY. U. ninton. ! foot of the bed. A man was hanged inPrompt paying non - union j Jolfe county fme time ae: hj'er . r ' f i been convicted as an accomplice of theCOmpamS. CI murderer of Bush. The case was oneJ of the most sensational trials ever heldj in Kentucky.com- e nas twice before done time inprison ior stealing cmcKens.'pleaded guilty,j, In tha Scott Circuit Court ClaudGreggs, charged with killing Wm.Jones at a dance at lit. Gilead, Scottcounty, on the night of December 23,was acquittf d. It developed from theevidence that Jones had started to-I wards Greggs with a knife, the latter. firing in pelf-defense, killing: Jones in-Istantly. Jones was a brother of JamesJones, a fugitive from juwtire and whoI is wanted in Paris for snooting SamCustard, a negro.Vote Selling Inquiry Ordered.Two Eastern Kentucky counties,Johnson and Pike, are expected to furnish the next vote bribery sensationsthrough grand jury probes. JudgeKirk, in his instructions to the grandjury at Pikeville, ordered a thoroughinvestigation into alleged vote sellingduring the last several years. Heahoannounced that the Johnson countvgrand jury will receive similar instructions in a day or two. Three hundredindictments were returned by thegrand jury in Pike county last year andseveral convictions were obtained. Anumber of these indictments are stillpending, and these will also be prosecuted.TWO MORE ARE SOWill Hollerari, of Newtown, andCanton; O., Backstop Coming Here For a Trial.RICHMOND IN THE RING.1 Indebtedness is Wined Out andPioneer Town Sure of ClubNews Over the League.Nay facta a Curiitfatt.Col. Tom Staart, of WiochtaUtC .'ifftipped aa a candidate for the nomina- "tion for Lieutenant Governor on theDemocratic ticket. C )). Stuart is awidely known attorney and promoterHe is a brother of Jack Stuart, ,theFrankfort newspaper man.Eg? Settings for Sale.Singte Comb Rhode Island Red eggs.for sale. The strain that lays 425 eggsfrom 30 hens and pullets during themonth of January. Eggs $1.50 per 15.MRS. M. H. DAI LEY.Out of the Question.Geraldine What did pa say -whenyou asked him for my hand?Gerald I don'r care to pive hi? remarks in detail, but I couldn't marryyou, if I went where he told me to.To PolishFor furnitureequal olive oilrubbed iuto thethe grain. Thequire restainingold oakblng kOld Furniture.there is nothing toor raw linseed oil,wood, according lowoodwork may .v:i6 well. Ordinaryis always improved by rubwith warm beer. It shouldbe remembered that linseed oil hasthe effect of darkening mahogany.Isn't Popular."I'm going to wake 'em up when Itfet Into office," said the enthusiasticyoung politician. "Well, son," repliedSenator Sorghum, "an alarm clockMay be uEeful, but it Isn'i ery popular."Epistolary Politeness.A new form of epistolary politenessbeen devised by a business firmwhich wrote to a delinquent: "Obligeue by remitting the amount of our billor we will oblige you."Literally Interpreted.Young Lady 'You say you were ona raft for six weeks, and had nothingto eat but mutton. Where did youget tho mutton from?" Old Salt"Well, you fcee, miss, the sea was verychoppy!"t Sheep Breeders to Meet Friday.J The annual meeting of the Kentuckyi Sheep Breeders' Association will beheld at Mt. Sterling Friday, February24. More than 19,000 sheep were shippel from the state in six months thatwere found to be infected with scabiesupon their arrival at the various stockyards where government inspection ismaintained. The breeders will takesome action toward erauicating thedisease, which is more prevalent in thecounties of the central portion of thestate than in the eastern or westernportion.Harrodsburg Attorney is Criticised. Methods adopted by Attorney C. E.Rankin, of Harrodsburg, in compromising a $10,000 judgment for$2,200 that was won by County SchoolSupreintendent H. H. Walker againstD. C. Heath & iCo., book publishers,were criticised by the Court of.'Appealsin the case of the County Board ofEducation of Mercer county, againstMonarchs Come Second.Herr Harden tells us of a meetingat Gastrin between William 1. andFrancis Joseph. The Austrian sovereign commented impatiently on thetoo-pressing attentions of the crowd."It won't lafet long." returned his ally, Kankin, in which Judg Leassing wrotesoothingly. "Bismarck -will be here the opinion.An Ancient Peafowl.In 1810 Horatio Thompson came toKentucky from Virginia, bringing withhim a peafowl, then some twelve oififten years old. The bird still lives,and is said to be as active as ever.For seventy-five years this peafowlrocsted on the same limb of a largeoak until the tree happened to be cutdown. Then it chose another, roostnigfor 110 years only on the limbs oftreps. When Mr. Thompson died toebird became the property of fhomasLambert, a farmer of Sulphur Well.Metcallfe county, the present owner.There is a school in ithe same countynamed Peafowl, in honor of this bird,believed by many now to be the oldestin the worldThe latest addition to the pitchingstaff of the Paris club that will .'reporthere for practice on April 17 is WillHolleran, of Newtown. Holleran wassigned by President Bacon. He hasbeen pitching amateur ball for severalyears and has established a fine record.He is left-handed and a voung mano!. splendid physique. fmmPresident Bacon has also signedPeter EUinger, of Canton, Ohio, whowill try for the position of catcher.So confident is Ellinger as to his ability to make good he writes PresidentBacon that he will come to Pariswithout any expense to the local cluband defray all h's expenses during tl epractice season.NOTICE TO CREDITORS.Ed. Rash Plaintfif.Vs. Notice to Creditors.Ed. Fothergill, &c. - - Defendants.The creditors of the firm of Rash &Fothergill are hereby notified to present their claims proven as rtquirea bylaw to the undersigned Master Commissioner Bourbon Court.All claims must be filed before or byMarch 1. 19U, or they wi'.l be barredRUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C3t eotFOR SALE.diiectly, and then no one will look atTo Clean Mahogany.Mahogany and other hard woods canfc kept in good condition by wipingofl with & chamois skin wrung fromcold water and immediately polishingfrith a dry piece of chamois.us.Cypress Defies Decay.Cypress :tt'r tanks have beenknown to defy decay for more than aquarter of a century.It is charged Rankin thus deprivedth state of $7,800.The court says that he had no authority to enter into such a compromise; that he did not perform the5 duties that an attorney should performfor a client, and that haying been neg-ligent, he is not entitled to the fee of$1,000 allowed him by the lower court."Bright Eyes" at Lexington."Bright Eyes," Jos. M. Gaites' biggest and most important musical production is atnounced for presentationat the Lexington Opera House Mondayand Tuesday and Tuesday matii.ee,February 27 and 28.By the same authors as "ThreeTwins." "Madame Sherry" and "TheGirl of My Dreams," Mr. Gaites hasgiven "Bright Eyes" one of thosesumptuous productions for which he isfamous and which is one of the mostelaborate on the road this season. Mr.Haites will send to Lexington theabsolutely oiiginal New York andChicago company, headed by CecilLean and Florence Holbrook, the twofamous fun makers who are atill p laying the parts which they originatedlast season. The company that supports them'numhers nearly one hundred and three baggage cars are required for the transportation of theelaborate scenery.An enthusiastic and Interestingmeeting in behalf of baseball in thatcity was held in Richmond Saturdaynight when the question as to whetherthat city should be represented in theBlue UrasB League this season wasdiscussed.The meeting was presided over DyJ. J. Greenleaf, who stated t'le gobjectof the meeting.Following his re narks the door wasfilled with speakers and every personseemed to want to talk at once. Whenorder had been restored after someforty minutes $3,000 had been raisedto pay the outstanding debt, SI, 000 hadbeen subscribed to start the season andHon. L B. Heir'ngtcn was! unanimously elected as president.Mr. Herrintgon, besides being Representative in the General Assembly,is one of the most popular attorneys ofthe Richmond bar, and president ofthe Richmond Electric and Power Company.One 4 cylinder, 4 passenger rautomobilp, fit st elas-s running order, good'reason for selling. This machine hasonly betn run 2,500 miles. Call on oraddress.IKE GLASSER,Care of Miller Bros. &Co..Broadway and Main.Lexington, Ky.Public Sale- OF-faMMMTrnmSmLET USMAKE YOURHOME THECOSY HOME." - mIGeorge Keifel and "Tex" Myers,two of Lexington's old stand-bys, willnot be with Lexintgon this season.Myers hs signed" a contract offeredhim by the Torre Haute 'CentralLeague team, while Kiefel will do thecatching foe tne Kalamazoo team inthe South Michigan League.Wahoo, who played with the Colts afew years ago, has written to ManagerHogan Yancey that he will !be able toplay in 1911. Wahoo is an exceedingly ;good ball player.CITY ffilWEpremisesI will sell puolicly on thea z:jv o ciock p. m., onWednesday larch 8, 191kmy two story brick residence situatedon corner of Main and Sixteenthstreets. House contains six largerooms, inside press in each room, cabinet mantels, 2 reception halls, kitchen,bath room, 2 large pantries, waterworks and electric lights throughout,cellar, front and back porches and twostair ways. Everything in perfect repair. The best finished and most convenient home in Paris.A private sewer connects all downaH""w. me Miciien ami;, uatn roomI and3:losets. As good a cistern as was, ever used from. There are out housessuch as buggy house, coal house, poulManager Coleman, of theJWinchester i tr' hnuse, stable and poultry yard,base ball club, has picked up what is Everything convenient,thought to be a crack infielder by the Jj0t fronts on Main street 114 1-4name of Walsh to take the place of 1 feet and on Sixteenth street 217 feet.Joe Yeager, who will not appear with ' ne can se two desirable buildingthe Hustlers this season. Burden has ' lots in tne rear on Sixteenthjstreet andsent in his contract for the year. have plenty of room left for yurd int rear. This is a most desirable hU3e,! beautifully situated on Main street,, and in the best part of the city. Inter-Larry binex has sent in his contract urDan and city car stop just in frontto Manager Yancey, of the Lexintgonclub, making a total of seven out ofeighteen sent out.or I lie house. Come and see the nlnnif you ar interested.TERMS -Liberal.M. F. Kenney. Acutioneer.RASH.21 atJust the cozy home that you have thought and planned so often. We've everything herethat will make your cozy home. Furniture everything for its complete furnishings Carpets,Rugs, Draperies, House Furnishings, Stoves and Ranges. You want the little home, don't you?Then why not have it now? Your things are here, your prices are here, your terms are here,your cosy home is here.IManager Ed Mackey, of the Maysville base ball club of the Blue GrassLeague, says he has signed up the following players for the coming season:Pitchers Chase, Montepir, O. ; Romine, Pennville, Ind. ; Breckinridge,Springfield, O. . Hogg, Pricedale, Pa. :btoner. Jbahon, O. ; Fiedley. Clyde,u. : and Kohbins. Woodington, O.n Catchers Stribbe,Rose, Beach City,v -i .1 4 .... -u. : u,ariy, AKron. V. . and W-eber. StLouis, Mo. 'In fielders Tanner, Hamilton. O. ; .King, Parkersburg, W. Va. ; Cahill, 'Liweisnurg. u. ; liucins, Dayton, O. ;Wililams, Cincinnati, O. ; and Ilatroefc, Alt. Camel. Pa. 'Outfielders Boms, Indianapoils, iInd. : Davis. 'Loeansnort. Ind. : Po-1 land. L.inden Heights, O., and HaleI man, Alt. Camel, Pa. 'Public SaleOF-jbesSfSShew. o.;' Stock, Farm Implements, &c, O. ; Ilogan, Alarion,M .! Ut i.At the old Dudley place.South of Hutchison, on thepike, on-1 miles.DudleyThursday, Feb. 23, 1911,Negro Held to Grand Jury.DINING TABLES$3.75 UP TO $32.50.JUST LIKE CUT, $15.00.trvt3 t ! r" ,Ki1 ' " " "wx araiW&Rockers of Newest Styles69c up to $32.00.We are giving very lowprices on Rockers andDining Chairs for the nexttwo weeks.ressersj if xTODD DRESSERS$8.75 up to $60.00.I.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.COR. MAIN & THIRD STS. CHAS. GREEN. MGR.OPP. COURT HOUSEJI Charles Parker.colored, was arraign-j ed in Police Court .'yesterday morninj?,on a charge of maliciously cutting anuwounding Jim .Nichols, another black,with intent to kill, and was held to i, in the sum of $100 bond which he fail-ed to execute.The difficulty in which Nichols wast cut by Parker occurred Saturday night ,, and the latter was arrested and lodged 'j in jail by Patrolman Fred Link. TheI trouble started. in a saloon on Main' street anil was over a "sum of moneythat Parker claimed was due him fromNichols. The latter claims to have ,left this place and went to anotherwhen he was followed by Parker andwho renewed the quarrel and slashedhim across the jaw with a knife inllic- 'tmc a wound about three inches inlength.The weapon used by Parker was asmall pen nife with a blade about two ', inches in length. Parker served aterm of one year in the penitentiary. for a part he played in a shootingscrape which occurred in this cityabout seven years ago, and recentlyserved a jail sentence J of thirty days .for stealing a tarpaulin. '' A number of violators were before '! Judge January for minor offenses. Ida ;J Smith colored, as lined $17.50 for jbreach of the peace? Veris Buckner, iloitering, -$17.5o; Will Herrington. Iwhite, breach of the peace, $17.50;Chas. Moore, colored, i drunkenness.$7.50.Minnie Chenault and her brother,Arthur Chenault, became involved ina difficulty on High street and werearrested by Officer Link. The formerwas fined $7.50 and the latter $17.50anfl was given five dayi in jailwill he-or,by-Liberty-by Wig-ex-ex-at 10 a. m., the followingexposed to public sale.1 black brood mare, by Dictator,bred Norab ;1 bay driving'mare, 4 years old,Ben Lcbus ;l black stud, 2 years old, byChimes ;1 black gelding, 5 years old,gins ; .1 bay work mare, bred to jack1 black work mare, bred to jack ;1 bay driving mare, lady broke,. bred;to jack ;. 1 gray work horse j1 bay road mare. 4 years old;1 black percheron colt;i oiack mare mule, S years old,tra good ;1 brown mare mule, G years old,tra goou ;1 pair mules,4 years old. extra good;1 bay buggy horse, a years old ;1 extra good Jersey cow, registered ;.1 extra fgood Jersey cow, subject to.register ;1 extra good red cow. f reh ;1 extra good 2-year-old cow;15 extra good brood sows, will pig inspring ;SO extra good ewes, bred to lamb ' imMarch ;1 lot of chickens ;1 Kaufman bugy, good as new ;1 Columbus buggy, good as new;- " '1 Holliday brake cart ;2 sets of buggy harness ;Fish Bros, wagon, -good as new ;1 steel wheel farm wagon ;2 grass seed strippors ;1 binder;2 mowers;2 riding plows;2 cultivators;1 Oliver Chilled plow.ucner implements toomention.numerous to.Terras made known on day of sale.B. S.. DUDLEY,j. t. weathers;.Geo..Di Speaker.. Auctioneer.1m"wi.,., 1i I..'-.'V.'.C'Nr-"'THE-BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, FEB;. 211911;.m BOURBON NEWS.FIRST. LAST, AND ALL THE TIMENOTICE.Sinre & Fithian's annualsedtiction sale is now going07 Great bargains in China,Brass, Leather Goods, fictites5 Art Ware, Umbrellas,ic. All reduced prices arenofciifvely spot cash only.SHIRE & FITHIAN.Read the Ad.KtsJ Fee's cut-rate ad in this issue.Was Born in Paris.id is. Ms'inoa Myers celebrated lastvt't-k at her home in Newport her 99thx irthdaj. Mrs. Myers was born inhis city.snuraTUNCharles B. Thomas and SuretyDefendants in Action Filedin the U. S. Court.PETITIONALLEGES ASSAULTPEISONAL MENTION.Indictment Found by the GrandJury Against Officer WhoCommitted Offense.Farm Rented.lifcorge Burke has rented the LeesVnn farm on the Bethlehem pike,, ntai&flg J'& acres, iot Sl.000 perytar.Worth Middletown Judge Resigns.I'c.ce Jtfdge C. W. Skillman, ofNi'Tth Middletown, has resigned fromt wit oSce effective March 1. JudjreSkiJitnan and faimly will locate inLMDton.Rank Stock Sold.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold atpubic auction at the court house doorSaturday five shares of Agriculturaljiunk stock to John 13. Grimes at $229;ef hare.Will Return to Paris.ir. Matt Thornton, of Cincinnati,w arrive about April 1 to take chargef me six hunrded acre farm of his,unt. MrE. Nellie Highland, adjoiningilu iy of Paris.Resigns Position.T5r. Lewis T. Lilleston, who for.neral years has been connected Hwiththe Paris Demcorat. has resigned hisDutition, effective about the first ofM'uch. Mr. Lilleston will remain inParis.Attend the Sale.Attend the public sale of that splendid Bourbon county farm belonging toMis. S. G. Clay that will be offered onihe premises, h miles from Paris onthe Jackstown and Tarr's Station pikesit 1 o'clock this afternoon.Through his counsel, Attorney P. A.inempson, or i'ans, Uhas. Wright, as inext friend of William Wright, filedsuit in the United States Circuit Courtat Frankfort against Charles B.Thomas a, member of the Paris .Policeforce, an i m surety, the AmericanBonding Company, of Baltimore, Md.,, tor damages in the sum of $2,025. Thesuit is the outgrowth of an assaultwhich is alleged to have been committed by the defendant officer upon William Wriglit, when the latter was inthe custody of the official. ,The petition 'alleges that on thenight of August 29, llJ10, the defendant officer placed Wright under arrestfor a minor violation to which he submitted without resistence, and whileunder arrest and in the custody of theofficer and without cause or pi evocation he was assaulted by the said officer and severely injured with a policeman's club, necessitating his beingplaced under the 2are and treatment ofa physician. The petition prays tordamages in the amount above statedtogether with the costs in the action.A few days following the arrest ofWright he was ariaigned in PoliceCourt on a chaige of disorderly conduct and was fined by Police Judge EB. January for the alleged violation.At the November term of the Bourbon Circuit Court the grand jury returned an indictment against OificerThomas charging assault and battery,and the case is now pending in theCircuit Court.Paris Pythians Celebrate.Miss May Mickey, of Maysville, isthe guest of Paris relatives.Mr. Frank P. Carr, of Lexington,was a visitorin Paris Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. George Alexanderwill return today from New York.Mr. Wm. Doty is quite ill at hishome in East Psris with pneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank returned Saturday night from New Ycrk.Attorney C. A. McMillan was inCovington Saturday on legal business.Miss Martha Ferguson has returned from a visit tu friends in Lexington. Miss Kate Alexander i9 visitingiurs. Artnur nancocK at nario tiesville, Va.Mrs. Robert Goggin will entertainthe Woman's Club of the Christianchurch this afternoon.Mr. Charks Randolph, of Kr.oxville, Tenn., is the guest of Mr. andMrs. B. F. Adcock.Mr., and Mrs. Wallace Mitchell arein Cincinnati for the week .attendingthe Automobile Show.Miss Louie Bruer left Friday forEnterprise, Fla., to accept a positionin the Mission School at that place.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompson andgranddaughter, Miss Frances Champ,returned Saturday after spending thewinter in Texas.Misses Edna Earie IJinton andHelen Hutchcraft attended a luncheonI given by the Alumnae of Chi Omegain Lexingion aaiuraay.Miss Bettie Barrow, a member ofMiss Mary Fitlm n Hutchcraft's housep3rty. entertained with a dance at hernome in Lexington Monday night.Col. and Mrs. John Cunninghamnnd Mrs. Laura Estill Francis haveretruned to their home at Escondidaafter spending several days in .Richmond.The Fortune Hunter at Lexington. "The Fortune Hunter," heralded asAmerica's best comedy, is announcedfor an engagement beginning Fridaypvpnincr. March I". .fnr tvon niorht? nnlvI at the Lexington Opera House, withSaturday matinee, with bred Nitlo inthe title role, supported by the sameoriginal copmany which presented thisfamous comedy in Chicaco for a year'si engagement, and includes Alma Bel-win. Allyn Marshalle, Leona Fulwell,Reginia Connelly, Frank Bacon, ShellyHull, Phil Bishop, Frank Boumon,Harvey Gibbs, Avon Brayer, EdwardSaxon and James Spelvin. P'or twoyears this delightful play filled therapacity of the theatre in New York,and in Chicago the same state ofaffairs existed for a season of oneyear, and was praised by the press,the public and the clergy alike.IRev. O. B. Crockett, pastor -f theMethodist church in a special sermonpreached to the members of RathboneLodge Knights of Pythias Sunday theoccasion being the 44th anniversary ofthe founding of the order.The lodg the Rev. Mr. Crockettsaid, was an auixliary of the churchand there was no dangpr of the churchbeing supreseded by the lodge.Every true Knight was conscious ofthe fact that the great features ofiJythianibm, friendship, charity andbenevolence, were borrowed from theBible, and if eliminated from lodgework, the organization, no matter under what name, wculd disintergate anogo to pieces.Rev. Mr. Crockett took issue withDr. Washington Gladden, who said Jthat the church was benig robbed ofits chief prerogative, charity, and thatall public charity and that of the lodgeproperly belonged ;to the sphere ofthp church.j No churchman or citizen, said theRev. Mr. Crockett, in his opinion,obiected to nub ic charity, or tor aHimbrough and Baker TrialToday.ihe trial ot bmith liakerami wegio-, nt naln.iaA h; ,.Mn of n..i.b .a Kimbrough, of Lexington, charged Nationxuth detaining a woman against her ,, ' Jn applying its work towill, continued from Saturday, heb- 1 th(j uplting and amelieration of man-iuiv xo, win tumc uH wtAiv. ...,. - . . npf ni im thP nm pried truths of the Bible, said Mr. Crock-The Richard Hawes Chapter, U.D. C, will meet in their room in thecourt house, Fridav February 24, at2 o'clock. Hostesses will be Mrs.Russell Mann and Mrs. Laura Perry.-Mr. and Mr. W. H. Renick hadis their guests Sunday Hon. Abe Ren;ck, of Winchester, Col. Morris Renick, of Middletown, O., Scott Rer.ick,of Clark, and H. M. Renick., of thiscity.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft isentertaining a house party at her homen Houston avenue in honor of MrsAlice Jacobs, of Danielson, Connecticut. Other uuests are Miss ElizabethAdamson, of Maysville, and Miss Bettie Barrow, of Lexington, the tourhaving bten classmates at WellesleyCollege. The party'was joined Salu -layby Messrs. John Vance, Matt S.Walton. Clinton Harison and ShelbyHart, Jr., of Lexington.Ducdon this morn ng at'ten o'clock.Cow Lilled by Auto.While Matt Long was driving several head of cows on the Lexington pikeae night labt week an automobiledriven by an unknown party struckone of the cows killing her instantly.A oull in the herd was badly injured,ihe cow was valued at $35.D. S. Jordan Resigns.Mr. Dan Jordan, who for the pastten years has been city ticket agentJir the Louisville & Nasnhville railroad, has tendered his resignation,effective upon the appointment of hissuccessor. Mr. Jo dan will take a "portion with the Metropolitan Life In-Mirance Company,tt. change forhtUth.ett, and all was done in the name of I rpv40r to-wnsfriendship, benevolence and charity at"tne Ridw! was that simply applied Christianity. fm. ntltliA ,Rev. Mr. Ciockett told of Damonand Pythias, and how their friendshipfor each other at a critical moment,had furnished the basis of everyPvthian hone. Mr. Crockett said thatthe Pyt.iian homes for widows and Iorphans throughout the Sand "spokelouder than any trumpet," and thatthe great woik of charity, friendship!and benevolence was going on withincreased momentum.Back From the Cast. iThe Dayton, Fla.. Daily NewsIsays: "Among the visitors in Dayi tona at this time is Swift Champ, edii tor of the News at Paris, Kentucky,i This is Mr. Champ's first iist to Dayj tona and he is delighted with the city,i He has been in Florida before, butconsiders Daytona the best of all theMr. Champ is stoppingwood and will remain herefor a couple of weeks."A number of Kentuckians are spending the winter at Daytona among thembeing Mr. Vic Bloomfield, of Winqhester, and James M. Fesdele, of Newport.Mr. B. A. Frank of the firm ofFrank & Co. who has been in New iYork for several davs lockintr un iMr. Jordan i makes , novelties for the trade, returned Satur- Jthe benefit ot hisi cay night, confident that he had secured he cream of the season's offerings. in novelties and rich effects in dryHunners Shipped to the East. I gouds, dress goods, milinery and no-, ' tions that will catch the ee andTurney Bros., the Bourbon turfmen, ( please the taate of the Datrjns 0f thesapped a string of fourteen t thorough- fjrnu ourjng his stay in the metro-r reds to Washington City last week ' i:c Mv pPflnk mnrip. :i systematicfor the spring meeting. The shipment i amJ thorough tearcb of all the leadinghouses and was afforded every opportunity in securing the best the markets jlrcluded Martin Doyle. Selwig. Theo.Cook, Beau Cnilton and King Commoner. The remainder of the ship-carried in the way of noveitieb. Theseratnt was maue up ot two-year-oias. KOods wlil arrive in a few days amr.any of which give promise of de-t .uhpn ni.lf.Pll nn fisiav will nrove theBoys Get a WatchFree.Easy to do and costs you nothing.Send us your name and addressand we will send you twenty packages of post cards to be sold at tencents per package. When sold sendus the two dollars and we will forward you a gold plated watch freeand postpaid. This waatch is notoy, but keeps good time. It isguaranteed lor a year.Welfare Company,i'i'2 S. "Wittenberg Ave.,21feb-:t Springfield, Ohio.-luping into first-class runners.Sale of Land Tracts.The public sale of tha land tracts ofIne Warford estate on the Clintonvillej. ke near the city limits, was conducted vest?rday by the real estate agents,Harris & Speakes.Tract No. 1 was divided the half being sold to J. B. Xorthcott for$2U0 andtrie remainder to Frank Burton for;j.'J0 per acre.Tract No. 2.wib sold to .PerryJt $1SS.50 pr acrebiggest drawing card any local firmhas ever had. fn the shipment will beshown all the swell effects that have1made the New York houses famous, Iand they will be sure to attract marked attention.MARTIN BROS: Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Addresses Debating Club.The Boys' Debating Club heldUTracts'Nos. 3, A and 5 were purchased by G. C. Thompson at 17b.50. .$164nnd $104 per acre respecively.Tract No. 10. containing 2G.() acreswas disposed of to Robert A. MitchellLt $150 per acre.-special Judge Cor March Term.Circuit Clerk W. H. Webb is in receipt of a letter from Judge RobertLte Stout who is recuperating aClearwater, Fla.. from an illness oftyphoid fever while conducting courtin this city last Novemoer. statingthat he is tapidly regaining his healthbut will not be sufficiently recoveredto preside at the March term of theBourbon Circuit Court, which convenesin this city on Monday. March 13Circuit Cerk Webb will communicatethe fact to Governor Willson, who willi.ppuint a Special Judge to preside.Up to this time :2 new appearancefuits have been filed in the oiiice ofthe Circuit Clerk since the close of theHnvetnbor term, nnd Friday, March 3,will be the last day on which to filesuit. The ComonreaKh docket iscomprsed of seventy-three esses, sixtten of nhich are felonies.aninteresting meeting in the Puhlic Library Saturday night. The meetingwas addresspd by Attorney P. A.Shy i Thompson on the subject "Trial Byi Jury."Buys Town Lot.Mr. CI. ( Thompson purchased yesterday of Warfield Cratz a lot onPleasant street adjoining the Government Building, fronting 213 feet onPleasant and extending back Go feet.L'he price was private.Modernly Improved.The farm .of Mrs. S. G. Clay, tf beoffered at puhlic sale this afternoon atI o'clock is modernly improved and hasthereon an excellent ten-roqm dwelling. Be sure and attend.All Day Meeting.The all-dayj meeting of the Pastor'sAid Soci ty of the Presbyterian churchis Monday next. It is the day for themite boxes for mountain missions tobe opened. So be sure and bring yourmite box with you.At Public Sale.The sale of the farm of-Mrs. S.- G.Clay on the Jackstown and Tarr'sStation pike will take nlace tcday at1 o'clock. Be sure and attend:Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a Specialty ofHauling Tobacco.A small part ofthe money you spendfor fleeting: pleasures andamusements will secure foryou the lasting: enjoyment ofthe Aictor.The world's greatest bands,orchestras and soloists provide their best for your entertainment. Get a Victor today. Pricesrange from $10 to $100 for a Victor,$125 to $250 for a Victor-Victrola,and we'll make easy tsrms to suit.(NEVERHave we had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautiful inFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized foulards,Madras, Lawns, -White Goods,Embroideries,Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists. &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.W. Ed. Tucker.iiFEESCut RateCash Specials-iis:ILARDIdeal Brand, absolutely pure lard, Government inspected; down goes the price for this week, 12 l-2c pound.OATSBrand, the best oats, packed 4 ouncesother package, 8 l-3c box.morePremierthan anyPLOURDown goes the price. Purity Brand, the best flourmade. For this week, per hundred, 2.75.I::IDaugbtrty BrosBROOMSBest broom ever sold in this town for theMade of best quality broom straw, 4 sewed, 25c.price.II Spring Designs In jCarpets, Rugs, IUp-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.UOTH TELEPHONES.CJIUIJC 3I W raed CakeThey Sweeten the Disposition oi the Whole Family.A Scientific Combination ofAll That's Good.Wrapped in Wax PaperPackages.So to eliminate all that'sbad.ILace Curtains,Linoleums Mattings,,Wall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent PriceCentral Kentucky.mA Specially Good HandVacuumCleanerTo introduce this cleaner Iwill make a special price of$7.50.For Ten DaysrFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 30. Night and Sunday ThonesW. 0. Hinton, residence 50; J. T. Hinton, residence 22: J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone28G. rJ. T. HINTON.B.1.:I'd:. 4 "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKY, ;FER 21, 1911.V.(' ""Westminster Ciumcs-OppJJXJBULAR BEIL CHIMEThe Herschede Hali Clock: sc r: iunepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of (uniit'jre fcrhome, office, cr institution, appeals alike toUtility, refinement, and irusical tlsie. Theperfect movement insures correctness of time;the solid oak or rr-hogany cace, wijh ciacsic-, 99ijf9ir.s c r-f :: i :" -rk-ous tubular chirr.c., is-undLg the- hcui's adquarters after thft pcls of WhlpJnrton orWestminster, Etna us & pic-! :g icimatkr ofthe passing hour. The fifty style: gKcrirrbchoice in design, size, and price, all shoeingthe moon's phases in the dial arch. We aresales agents for The Hcrschede Hall ClockCo. of this city, and will send iliudralcd catalog on request.Gifts by Ma:i. You car purchase ijtttiof Diamonds, Sterling Siivrft Shemeid Plate.Gold and Silver Jewelry. iia!iiJ CSotU Etc.,through our Conc-sjiondcritc Department atmoderate prices Correspondence solicited.Silversmith Jewelers Ccia smithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Street, East,Fi.1't (LEGALLYHANGED' Ey CHARLES LEWIS PHIPPSCopyright by American Press Association, 1S11.Cincinnati, Ohio' $75 to $750Motor Too Quiet-Arrested.sasBvmsMm V Ir -- KSOBB ?You Ever Think It Over?That a man can do what is right in any kind of business. Six yearsago, when I first came to this city, you had parties in the same line ofmy business that did about ten per cent, of the business 1 am doingto-day. tuJDo Youlfaow the'ReasonjWIiy?It's" because I give one and all that deals with me asquare, honest deal. I owe my success in business to the fact: that Ialways give correct, honest weight and the highest'market price.IF YOU. EVER HAVE ANYscrap iron, metals, rubber, rags, hides tallow, furs, etc., to" offer, seeme before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I villgladly send my wagons' for junk to.any part of the city or county.MAX MUNICK,East Tcnn. Phone 374. Eightlf St., Paris. Ky(22oct-lmo)"Which one of all your eases," I asked Wilcox, the celebrated criminal lawyer, "has most excited your interest?""That of Mathews, who was accusedof murder.""Was he Innocent or guilty?""Innocent.""Did you secure his acquittal?"";0."'Hanged?'"Yes; legally hanged.""What do you mean by that?""I'll tell you. Mathews was iu theemploy of Henderson, the man. whowas murdered. I don't care to go intothe details of the case; I will only saythat there was so much circumstantialevidence against him that from thefirst I despaired of saving his neck. Iknew ho was innocent, though he couldno more explain the circumstances that ipointed to his guilt than I could." !"How did you know he was in- Jnocent':'' t"By both experience and iutuition. I jdefy any of my clients to deceive me iin this regard. I simply look them inthe eye, and that tells me the story. ("There was everything about .Mathews' case to interest me. He was ja jounger son of a British countrygentleman and in love with the daugh- ,ter of another British gentleman. Hismother had no knowledge of his having been accused uf crime, much kcs! having been convicted, for I could do .j nothing to prove him innocent. He jI showed me his mother's letters, and it j1 was distressing to read them. His iI betrothed was also writing him .with- .out any knowledge that he was undersentence of death.was to be hanged a letter from solicThe 1911 season has unquestionably accomplished much inthe way of quiet running motors. An unusual and ratheramusing incident of this was recently given in Los Angeles.J. B. Morrow, who owns an Inter-State, left the car alongsidethe sidewalk, thinking he had shut oft the motor. A shortcircuit, however, kept the engine running, but so quietly thatMorrow did not detect it.x A number of the Los Angeles policeforce coming up the sidewalk also thought the motor dead, andin order to grab a moments repose leaned up against the car'shood. He then detected a slight vibration, made investigationand found the motor running most industriously. He arrestedMorrow for leaving the engine running for over a half hour onthe street From the San Francisco Bulletin.Bourbon Oarage and Supply Co.Thirty Years Together.mwmmmmmmmmmmmmmm6Don't Forget Great ClearanceSale Few Days Longer.Greatest Bargains you ever heard of in Hamburgs, Whitegoods, Laces, Percales, .Dressgoods,Silks, Cottons and Calicos.Special Bulletin 500 pairs Ladies'white foot hose 8 1 -3c pair.Big bargains in Ladies' and . Misses' Suits,Skirts, Coats, Shoes and Millinery.TWIN BROS..IM Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!Don't Fofget theCash Raising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin Bros.Clothing and Shoe Department.Harry Simon's Old Stand.Thirty years of association Thinkof it. How the merit of a good thinirA week before lie ' stands out in that time or the worth-1- , ... 1- J.. 2.1- Jl ml ..jiu uusswurK in tins evidence 01 xnos ii iturs 111 England was iiauueu mm, in- . ArisS) of Concord, Mich., who writes:I forming him that a bachelor uncle had have used Dr. King's Few Discovery for thirty years, and it is the bestcough and cold cure I ever used.''Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families have tIt is the most in-'on .. 1....1 ...i 4 uo. 4, , !;,.:.. iw luiuuie uuuuu aim iuiii meuiuineb una. aum iu w JUUH.WW.J - . .. T-npmilorl frtV. inrv:nnn ncwithout over havimr wromred . ..... ri" '--"- - o w rnmn ii!iirnnToi' riTZ-iin riiiinur ri arn(.. I.w. i:k ii'iio L'ltiitili' n will I -. . J. - .. rrice oo cents and si.iJObyGuaranteed(lletLund left him a Iiivkc fortune."1 "Upon my word! It was an Inter-' esting case, wasn't it:''i "i ulmiiM i'iv so. If over there -wasi.iM.1 who i.m.1 cvervtiihisr to live for . used it forty yearsMat hew! executediiiij uuu m iiia iuc ii? i3""j n.tiu.. mnffSYou have no idea how having a lite Trial bottleon your hands wears on a man, 'and i Oberdorfer.this ease nearly drove me insane. ' i"But I braced mj-self for a gigantic, effort. After conferring with MathewsI decided to cable the solicitors inEngland, giving lliem the situationand abking how much funds they' could cable me within a few days.They placed J0,000 to my credit, and ,with this sum 1 went to work. There. was no use in trying to secure delay1 or a new trial. What I must do was 'to interest the sheriff. I had a long jbccret conference with him, but could Aching bones, swollen joints permanot move him to act for money, , nently cured through the blood withnwm,'i, t n f:. secured his iudirmeiit ' pureotonical Ingredients. ToproVer-" --w - v -- w - -i .-- ...;ii ,.A,l -...that he must do an oilicial wrong inmumi!Cured by the Marvel of the jCentury, B. B. B. Tested for!30 Years.jffiSMJMfelSJfty tt H KHHHWHyyWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HftRD AND SOFTCOAT,WE AREAGENTS FORfflx a - . rrim i(jas ' rII ImV H" Iii &L4 ni' hanging Mathews that he consented towink at any game 1 might practice,provided it could be kept secret., "I got a friend of mine who was a' professor in a medical college to ap-; ply for the body of Mathews as soon" as he was dead. This enabled me togain possession of the condemnedman the moment the hanging wasover. Then I Mixed" every oilicialwho was to be present at the hanging.Mathews put in a n quest that thereshould be no spectators present. Ij could not even be piu'sent myself.But there was not one of the otlicialsto whom I paid less than .YIU.0U0. andthe hangman got .V2."i.u.u My friendthe doctor was the only one presenti who jrot nothing. He had a cotlinready for the corpse as soon as it wastaken from the irallows and a hearseto carry it to the hospital., 4,Well, that night 1 went to the hos-' pltal and found Mathews locked in thedoctor's room.""But how was the hanging man-1 aged':""I don't know; I never asked. Therewere half a dozen men paid by thestate to see that Mathews was hanged,and I paid every one of them in all.1100,C00 to go through the processwithout hanging him. All I know is thatI paid the money and found Mathewsi alive in the doctor's room. Some burntcork, a woolly wig and a suit of clothesprocured from a .lew tailor fixed himso that no one would know him. Ihad a steerage ticket for him in anoutgoing steamer, and early the nextmorning he was on his way to Kng-' laud." . -J f'I?e must have been very gratefulto you."i "Grateful! I should say so.it we will send you a SAMPLE!TREATMENT FREE.I If you have bone pains, sciatica or ., shooting pains up and down the leg, iacning uacK or snouicier oiaues, swoi-1len muscles, diiliculty in moving 'around so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itches'and burns; ehifting pains; bad breath; Ilumbago, gout, take Botanic Blood rBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,!sends a rich, tingling flood of warm, Irich pure blood direct to the paralyz-'ed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it is ;needed, and in this way making a jperfect, lasting cure of 'Rheumatism jin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctors jhave failed to help or cure. Druggists or bv express, $1 per large bot-j tie, wil'i L.octions for home cure.1 -irv.'.j :. free bv writing BloodOld King ColeVas a merry old soul,A merry old soul was he.If alive to-day heWould bum our coalAnd even merrier be.Burn Our Coal andMerry.BeH TEMPLINAmaiiteRosfing.LUMBER CO.SsX9iXX9i XSXX ft?. . .i Atlanta, ua. uescrioeVa t:""i : r nd free medical advicer: ' i ' v Varden & Son.SALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-ClassHJUE OTXT XT 1KL E3 3XT T S5Wo are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in everv particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and Jiasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is'r.hestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and granite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.Flower of Duty.Happiness is the natural flower ofduty. The good man ought to be athoroughly bright and happy man.Phillips Brooks.Wm. Jtdams & Son42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIOHMMBHBoth PhonesnA Poser for rhe Courts.A Philadelphia judge has decidedthat a husband has no redress whenhis wife goes through his pockets andtakes money from them. What goodwould it do him if he had any redress? IVery Curious.A golf player who had been badlyI beaten bv his onnonent explained toBefore j him that'he bad been suffering all dayparting with me he made me promise ,that I would come over as soon as 'possible and see him. I couldn't ofor a year, and then I found him inpossession of x."0,000 a year incomeand married to the -woman ho loved. IHe met me on the steamer, and the ifirst thing he did was to impress itupon me that neither his mother nor jhis wife nor any one living except hllolicitors knew that he was judiciallylead In America, lie had often triedlo bring himself to unburdeu his se-cret to his wife, but had always failed. ,"Mathews entertained me royally jand begged me to suggest some wayfor him to pay the debt he owed me. 'even If it required every cent of his Ifortune. I assured Mm that I tookmore comfort in his case than In allthe cuses I liad ever won, though 1 had Ilost It. 1"After spending a month with himI left him to return. He could hardlybear to part with me and regrettedthat It wouldn't be safe for him tocome to America or lie would cross theocean ith me. He shed tears vlien Icame away. ,fcom neuritis. "It's a curious thing." (replied hi opponent, "but I've neverbeaten a man in perfect health in mylife."thathaveLooked Good.Vk'pg$i 3o you got stung inmining company? You shouldknown better., lSoggs How could I? It lookedlike a real thing; no fake earmarksabout it. Why. there wasn't a singleman on the board of directors whowas prominent in public life. Puck.whoseweeklyby IUAn Eye-Opener.A child of strict parents,greatest joy had been theprayer meeting, was takennurse to the circus for the flrst time."When he came home he explained:"Oh, mamma, if you once went to thecircus you'd never, never go to prayermeeting again in all our life." Harper's Magazine.STOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanmalleameRangeiAnd CertainlyNone Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Rooting, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedJStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give -Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky.m HH sSH HB m IBB Hh BBB BB wKKtw:Il.r nTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, kENTUcKY, FEB 21,1911.i," wv.LOST IN THECATACOMBSBy GROVER J. GRIFFINCopyright by American Press Association. 1911."When I v.-as a boy reading stories ofHome in connection with my studiesthe great desire of my life was to visitthe Eternal City and the localities;ir which the incidents I read aboutem-red. I wished to go over theMen hills on which the city had beeni.i.ilt; I wished to see the Forum, thehome of the vestal virgins, the spotwhere Castor and Tollux appeared,marked now by the ruins of their1 oi pic: I wished to see the Coliseum,iiic triumphal arches, the IYnlhoon.Above all, I desired to go dov. ;i intothe catacombs where the early Christians secretly deposited their dead.The time finally came when I reached the object of my desires. I visitedKoine. On the steamer crossing tlieAtlantic and later steaming over the"Mediterranean I met Marian Chambers, and, sitting on deck moonlightnights with her. I caught from her alover the fever of love. By the timewc reached Gibraltar I was down, andduring the whole voyage from there10 Naples I was very ill with this irritating disease. I was cured on thehomeopathic principal that like cureslike. The love of the girl given injrradually increased doses put me in anormal condition.By the time wc reached Bome I wasready to enjoy the -sights I had counted on seeing ever since I began tostudv Latin. And now I had a lovedcompanion to visit them with me. The j nec as l0 wnar. woum Happen, but itcatacombs that had interested mo , meant well by both. It had been amost I reserved till the last. Marian I lon timc amI Providence meant toand I had a fancv for slipping ; hurry things up a bit. Half a dozennwflv from those we traveled with j o lllG neighbors were to take part inand going sightseeing together. One that- moonlight sleigh ride, but formorning we took a carriage, drove out one reason or another all backed out.on the Appian way and stopped at the i leaving the two alone. Trobably thisentrance of those subterranean pas- va smother trick on the part of Provsnges I had long wished to explore. idence."We were in time to join a party ! About the time the sled was drawnabout to descend, were each given a ! out for thc S,klc E,dcr Henderson,wax taper, and a monk in a white j wll livcd Just beyond the foot of thecowl, who was to pilot us. led us . s saying to his wife:down a stone staircase at the bottom "-Martha, I bought ten bushels ofof which were the catacombs. taters of the Widder White yesterday."Wc followed thc taper light proccs- "Wc'11 cca 'em al1 bcfore spring,"sion for awhile, but finally at the j was tllc rnb'.time I would not tell how it happened, j 41 was sohx for 'em tomorrer, butbut now I am an old married man I I iVs s"cl a Ice n'Sht that I dunnowill admit that I was never happy for but1 ' P tl,c oxcn and JS alonhalf an hour at a time without a kiss f ncnv-from my Marian, and I led her away 1 "Might as well, I guess, but lookfrom the others for the purpose of ! out that the taters don't get frostbit.ifiL-inf nnn ? cnnn n ihi nhinrr ' You know how uighsightod you aretin! homi nppnmntiiirMl ivn fnrforl nn !after, the others. Immediately wecame to a split in the passage, and theparty had gone so far that wc couldnot tell which of thc two avenues theyhad taken. Making choice of the lefthand passage we rau as fast as wecould, only to find 'new splits and jturns and corners, but "not the nartv."We were lost. IPeople have been lost before iu theseunderground burial places and havenarrated their experiences. In ourcase there is something different fromp ny of them. I had a box of matchesJn my pocket that I carried for cigarlighters. "We also had two tapers. Assoon as I realized ,tlJt we were lost Iput out both tlw tapers, and, being inn small open space where was a Christian's skci;o:i in a sarcophagus, wesat down on the latter to think.What wi:M iu the result of our thusbeing lo."t uwVrground? Wc wouldnot be niN'-! Iy ihc party we hadjoined, for v. i:::'w p.ot one of the;.!.Parties were j..ir.; through the catacombs every day, !r.t would they happen to come our wayV Ilesides, wemight starve before we were discovered. There was nothing whateverfor us to subsist on. Wc might tr' tofind our way out. but there were manymiles of these subterranean passages,and we were liable to wander fartherfrom the entrance. The result of ourdeliberations was to remain where wewere.I will pas ovr some twenty hoursof our captivity without attemptingto describe our feelings. The mosthopeless part of it was that ourfriends did not know where wc were.We passed most of the time in thedark, for I wished to save our tapersand matches for any opportunity thatmight occur. While sitting on thc sarcophagus something ran on my foot.I scratched a match, and its flame revealed the two glistening eyes of aratI at once lighted a taper, and whileMarian held it I tried to catch thc ratIf he would serve no other purpose wemight need to eat him. I didn't havemuch trouble getting my hands onhim. I think he knew we were lostthere and was willing to help us outThen an idea occurred to me. Scribbling a note on a letter I had in inypocket, stating that we were lost in thecatacombs, 1 held thc rat while MarIan tied the note with a strip torn fromher handkerchief around the little fellow's neck. Then we put him down. lie(rave us the most knowing look in theworld and ran away.Half an hour later I felt the rat running over my feet. I lit a taper andeaw that he was without either thenote or the strip by which it had beenfastened to him. This gave us hopethat it had been removed by a humanbeing. Ten minutes later I heard ahalloo. I replied, and after a numberof calls we could see the dim light oftapers, then a party coming to searchfor us. They had received the message, but had not missed us when theparty we had started with returned.W brought the rat out with us. Hesleep's nt ulght In a cafe and by dayjoes w here be like.WHEN THETIMECAMEBy M. QUADCopyright, 1910. by Associated Literary Press.Mrs. Sarah Drew was a New Ilamp.shire widow. She owned a farm, andJake "White was her hired man. Hewas a good man and a good workerand had been with the family forthree years when Farmer White died.It will never be known to outsiderswhether Mr. White, when told that hewas to be gathered to his fathers,called Jake to his bedside and said:"I must go, but I am consoled bythe thought that I leave Sarah in goodhands. Give her a year or so to mournmy loss and then propose matrimony."Three years went by and Jake had( not spoken. There were times whenho thought he was encouraged tospeak out and other times when howas prepared to come in from the fieldafter a hard day's work and learn Lhatthe widow was engaged to the sewing machine agent who had that route.The widow, too, had thoughts. It wasmore than once whispered about thatJake was in love with this or thatfarmer girl, and she had come to feelthat his loss would bo a double one.Mrs. Drew had been a widow forfour years and Jake "White had donebushels and bushels of thinking whenwinter came on. "When the foot ormore of snow which heralded thechange of season had got packeddown on the highway Providence putit into Jake's head to get out,the bighand sled and propose a ride downthe long and winding hill. Providencedidn't go so far as to put the widowin the moonlight If you hear sleishbells you'd better give 'em the road."".Xighsightcd!" lie indignantly sniffed. "Don't you go to makin out thatI'm a hundred years old. "Why. 1 couldpick up a pin on the darkest night you Jever saw. I've got just the samerights as anybody, and I'm dinged ifI give uiorc'n half the road."The oxen were yoked in due timeand started out. There were bags tohold the potatoes and blankets tocover the bags, and any old sportwould have given odds of two to onethat the elder, the oxen and its cargowould arrive at the lop of the Liliright end up after a climb of twentyminutes. Thc wager would have beenmade without taking Providence intoconsideration, and the old sport wouldhave lost.The Widow White was bundled upand seated on the sled. In fact, shewas strapped on. Jake sat close behind, her. dragging the foot that wasto steer the sled a straight course. Asthey were read.v to start it came overhim to speak of his love. A feelingcame to the widow that he was goiugto, but the time was not ripe. Providence figures those things down tominutes and sccouds. As .lake shuthis mouth on his words and startedthe sled Elder Henderson, near thefoot of the hill, started singing ahymn. He not only loved the sound ofhis singing, but he thought the oxenought to be encouraged, nis voicecame floating up the hill, and as .lakecaught it lie said:"Mrs. White, that's Elder Henderson." Yes.""He's probably coming after thosepotatoes with his oxen and sled.""Well?""He'll be in thc middle of the road,and as our sled is already gettingaway from control there's going tobe a smashup. I want to say to youthat I have loved you for the lastthree years and to ask you if you willmany me?""Oh. Jake!""It's the elder and the oxen for sure.Yes or no?" t"It's so sudden!""Right in the middle of the road,and we'll be into them in ten seconds.'"Must I-I""Five seconds more!""Then yes!"! iiuer iicnuerson was raarcuiugahead of the oxen, a hero leading thewa3 He was struck and sent flyingand his tune cut short Then the sledstruck the oxen and flung them intothe ditch and made a long jump overthe other and a minute later was atthe foot of the bill and Jake wassaying:"We might say the first of nextweek for the wedding!"It didn't come off quite as quick asthat, as they waited for the elder'scuts and bruises to heal so that hecould bo a guest, but things came allright in a little time, and a favoritesaying of the elder's Is:"All the hand of Providence, sir. IfI hadn't set out to sled them tatersiome that night there might neverhave been a nrrriif tL , .MiAic&Ki a a a msi a aL. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFpCT FEB. 2,TrainsNo.' 34131FROMAtlanta, Ga., DailyLexington, Ky., DailyMaysville, Kv.f Daily Except Sunday.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday,llowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday...Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.Cincinnati, O., DcilyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.Lexington, Ky,, DailyCincinnati, O., Daily1040373123326Lexington, Ky., Daily Except bunaay.25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.1U pm1) Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . P138 Lexincton. Ky.. Daily.35 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily5 Maysville, Ky . , Daily . . . . . . ;3D Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday. . vS Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday.30 Lexington, Ky., Daily ;32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily14 Lexington, Ky., Daily31 Cincinnati, O., DailyTrainsNo.34411TOCincinnati. O., Daily.401029373313362625Cincinnati, u., JjainMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .-.Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ..Frankfcvt & Louisville, Daily Except SundayCincinnati, O., Daily Excepts SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., DailyKnoxville, Tenn., DailyJacksonville, Fla., DailyLexington, Ky., DailyMaysville, K., Daily rA'"ACynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday3S Cincinnati, u., uauy9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday30 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday32 Cincinnati, O., Daily13 Lexington, Ky., Daily ;;S Maysville, Ky. . Daily! Except Sunday30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday31 Lexington, K., Daily!31 Atlanta, Ga., Dailym-m 2 IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains ArriveNo FROM2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda , ; J' '4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday. "- 8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday - "162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only iu. iu pmTrains DeparttTo T01G1 Frankfort'& Louisville, Sunday Only. . . .....7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday.1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday3 F ankfort, Ky, Daily.Excepfc SundayEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOHPOBATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and ,LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg,lNorth Middletown, Little7 Rock andRuddies Mills.vou have East'WhenHAVE telephone service.The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedHave Yon Any mm.i m ll.-O E -rJWMamie lroumes; patenteobcgstercd -,.. l...t. .: o.rJ: mantles. Will save :75& en your rnan'Je expense. T . O Cir.nnauk uuuuk - - ---- .-- 0 r"i-r-crGAS MANTLES IN ONE.PRICE, 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WUMUUi w mvbwbuu.w.u-,.-. ---itvMantles-lhebest 10 and 15-ccnt grade of mantles oW-lakc ihcm lo yoct dcar.ra nA iKrm !o us. and oet a Block Inncrlm Lined lVlanllc iree.For sale H Hardware. CMna, Plumbme. Urug. oroceo'. ana panmcw .-....vrritc for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO.SoieHirsoYoungsio-niiiHeadquarters for Incandetcent Mantle., Bwnsn and Supplies of everydescription. Gas,GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BAL1ER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.CORSETSm wmziWKrm,m1910. AT 11 :59 P. M.Arrive..5 26 am...1.23 am..7.28 am..7.2." am..7.. jo am..8 12 am..9.40 am.10.05 am.10.05 am.10.10 am.11.30 am3.10 pmpm.3.25 pm.5.40 pm.5.40 pm.6.29 am.6 25 rm.6 27. pm10.27 pm10:40 pmDe-part?. . o.:v am..5.35 am...7.35 am..7.35, am..8.20 am,..8.20 am,..9.44 am...9.46 am..10.15 am..10.18 am,.11.52 am, .11.51 am..3.30 pm..3.35 pm, . .5.4S pm, . .5.50 pm..6.3i pm, . .6.35 pm. . .6.35 pm.6.45 pm..10.48 pm..10.50 pm.7.(.0 am.7.35 am..9.45 am. .5.55 amTennessee service youaMirracirWittrfa-'n1'" - ' '-'-oNNEKL NLINED MAKrLKand Your Troubles cro Or- -. - w r- 1 f . Ci.. T- jtGasouag ncroxta, ign treasure, etc.mmmmmmmammmmmBmmmmmBmtmtmmmammmmmmmmB. rtCT e .t- J .,.-- f-. J? Rlr.'zaccTrnrrHe's a Corker.A man crho can bottle up hi3 wrathat all :ime3 is a corker. Jas..E.Evans.Something to Learn.1'nfnrtnnately we do not learn thevalue of staying where we belong tillwe have wandered where we don't.Blue I3::H.Again That Big "If."How wise we should all be if atmiddle age we could actually knowas much as in youth we thought wedid!A Thankful Spirit.Who can measure the worth of athankful spirit? It sustains and keepsone long after loved ones and property are gone. W. H. Jordan.Prodigies Wear Out.There is some chance of a boyamounting to something if he is stupidwhen six years cf age. It is the boyswho are prodigies at learning whenthey are young who stay out in therain when they are grown.Whv He MournedO'Toole "An' why are yez wcarin 'mourin. Muluoon? Muldoon "Shure.an Oi hov f. Th' iditor ov a maga- jz:ne Oi'm takin' wrote rao yisterday... .... - ic-.il SUU ll.JI, 111" SUUotUlIjJ&UUU iiuucxspliired." Judge.Great (him co numauiiy.Of all the gcod gifis that ever cameout ot tne wallet or the Fairy Uodrr other, the gift of natural g'adness isthe greatest and the best. It is to thesoul what health is to the body, whatsanity is to the mind, the best of normality. nii?s Oarsman.till k w Al ft'1Xa iiCtli-y U2 "ii 0.15t slesniiig out-doors and a& plain, nourishing diet arej ail good and helpful, butthe most important cf& aHismulsionIt is the standard treatment proscribed by physicians all over the worldfor this dread disease. Itis the ideal food-medicineto heal the lungsand build up the wastingS body.FOR SALE DY ALL DRUGGISTSSend 3Pr., namo of paper and this ai. forour Lcnutiful Saving Han!: and Child'sSketch-Book. Each bank contains a GoodL jc l'enn).SCOTT Z. BOYVNE. 409 Pearl St, N.7EC H R jj 8 I p4 Bill B al&U1 SeotPs E17.Mi-inHlniyiHi j-wnl'A Fire Fighter's Astounding StoryPF THE UHPARALLELED MERITS OF "BLOODINE"lTBia8BBSSff'iBrriaRrtlBHBBIk3 -'ENQUfB WHICH MR. GXiAZX&R RUNS,Signs of Danger.Backache, dizziness and headache, "specksbefore the eyes," irregular heart action andliver trouble. The severity of the earlysymptoms depending upon the amount ofpoisons which the kidneys have allowed toremain in the system.SYMPTOMS.Aohing Pain Orer Hips, Backache, Sdizaont or Deposit In Urino, Irritation of theBladdsr, Pain In Urinating, Rheumatism(urlo sold in blood). Sudden Stopsage ofUrine, Blgnly Colored or Milky WnltstUrine, Pass Blood or Mnooa In Urine, Retention ot Urlno, Straining; Alter Urinating;,7hiok or Sluggish Urine, Stone In theBladder, Cystitis (Inflammation of Bladder), Catarrn of Bladder or Bowels, Poffiness Under Byes, Voracious Appetite,Snlrst, Gall Stono. Gravel, Pain In Uretha,Swollen Ankles, Dimmed Vision. SpeoksBefore tne Byes, Scanty Urine, FrequentCalls, Mouth Dry, Bllllonsness. Dribbling,Ixnmbago. Weakness, Iioea ot Flesh, Irregolsr Heart Action. Ulceration ot the Bladder. Skin Pals. Waxy and Dry, Bad Odorox Ferspxrauon, rSIMPLE TEST FOE KIDIEI DISEASE.Fill a bottle with urine; let it stand fortwelve hours ; if there is a sediment or cloudiness of any kind you have kidney or bladdertrouble, and you should commence takingBloodine to-day. Dont wait until the diseaseis too far advanced.Bloodiae costs 50c a bottk for the usasl 1.00 skcMail orders filled. Large sample bottle by mail secBlgjQnint Cenaic CSaatieadaa, Sfck Haalacbc mi Sit IsmflVVmtr KaaamaaaTg, CT. A OX. J. W. T. Broo tt AgentSample Helps HFrail WentSo many women are dragging' oatweary lives just because their digestive organs are weak. The result Itpoor circulation, nervousness and theverge of invalidism. It is oftefc Teiy.unnecessary and the woman's twsfault. ,Thc first thing to do is to look te thewelfare of your bowels. There the-triableusually lies. All, physiciaas kaetfh? a large percentage of woeaca arthabitually constipated, and from this rssuits indigestion, piles, weariness. etathat women constantly comniaia ?fJBut there is no use taking "female rsesv.u..a ouu uiuib ut m.u sua uaui ywmhave started your bowels to moVifcYou will find that when the bowels smregularly once or twice a day att yomepetty ills will disappear. Take a fe&rnild laxative tonic like Dr. CaldwairsSyrup Pepsin for awhile and you wfind yourself rapidly getting: better aa4stronger, your bowels will regulate temselves and work at stated times, aatfthen your headaches and dizziness wttdisappear. Don't take strong catbartiepills or salts, but just such a mild aapleasant-tastlnsr remedy S3 Dr. Caldwa&'aSyrup Pepsin.You can obtain i bottle of your draffgist for fifty cent3 or one dollar, aaacither size may be enough to permanently cure you. Thousands of womeakeeo it resrularlv in the house and wIBno longer be without it. as it cured themvand can be used with safety by everymember of the family, down to thayoungest child, but if you have never" i1 u,e avc or air3. Earl S.and' Sirs. Ellen Duncan. Muncie, Ind.,' and::" lu .V1 v-aiaw-u :or a iree trial bot-snd to Drwhat it will do "in your own case. ThatIt will cure you. as it did them, there lann r?nnVTlA nc fhfltf HH i r.-1 l.-v.- A m..ka.1Dr. Caldwell personally will be nl easedto xrive you any mediral advice you maydesire for yourself or familv pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyiree oi cnarge. explain your case In a(letter and he will reply to you in detail..cur ine iree sample simpiy send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress is Dr. TV. B Caldwell, R.500Cald-well building, Montlcello. 111.' Strength of Ice.It Is said that ice one and a halfI Inches will support a man; four inchesJ thick will support cavalry; five inchesthick will support an S4-pound cannon;ten inches thick will support a multitude, and IS iachss thick will supporta railroad train. These figures, ofcourse, presupposes that the ice.i3 otan even thickness, not having thinplaces, and only to true ico, not slushice or to ice when the temperature iaabove the freezing point. Alter aTthawsets in but little confidence can beplaced on the strength oi" the ice.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescript! o n s .pure drugs andprompt?service.Varden i Son.Druggist-&-&M .?&&'4iiJ-HARRY A. 6LAZI0IA Prominent Firestaa arjMaiden, Mass., writes:Mar. 23th.Last winter I hasevere cold and it setton my Kidneys, causiagithe most excruciating?pain almost every time IIattempted to move ; I hadtried evreything imagiaable to get relief, with aosuccess, until I was ad-vifld trt trv ,,3loodine " trhich ta mv ereatsurprise, eave me relief almost from tne firstdoss, and before I had taken one bottle I waacompletely cured. " Bloodine " ii a wonderful Jplexion bad. appetite lost, strength gone. zwLthe whole system i upset by an accumulationof humors, it is time to try "Bloodine" todayjBloodine Citrtd Hemorrhags sf tks Kleesys.Marsht-isld, Vt., Sept. 3, 1904.Tim Bloodinti Co., Boston, Mast. .Gentlsraen : I recsived one of vow Soaks, -terday. 1 have been a great sufferer for tkirtr-tbnewrecks, passing bloody -a:sr, have been to tae has-Jpital, have had four ciuereat doctors. Thcycall.11 man cvcryiiune, sua 1 goi no oeiicr. x'icascime a sample bottle of your Bloodine for which Iclose ten cents in stamps to pay for sama. If kdo sae any rood I will take it tne rest of sty life.Sigosd. MRS. OCTAVIA . CARFEKTMakshfxkld, Vt., Sept. 14, :Tks Bloodttts Co.. Boston. Masa.Oentiemen: 1 received your trial oorue of Btaac-tine. That was not eaough to do stuck for a, for 1cm very bad and weak, pissing qaite a lot of bUoiiNow, if you think that Bloodine will help me, yojmay send me one dollar's worth. I tfciak by tie)tuac 1 take tnat I caa tell if it will do aw any good, fSisntd, MRS. OCTAVIA E. CARPENTER.If AUH7ISLO, Vt., Oct 23, XfSS.Tkb Blooocns Co , Boston. Man.Dear Sirs: Please send me six bottles el BfaaSint. It has done me a world of good ; it has itoapaslthe hemorrhages; and I am feehag aiack hatter. -jRespectfully,Sgasd, MRS. OCTAVIA E. CARFIHTIR-WiawiM forfeit ft. 000 if the oriziaals of thalettets, w aiiaa, geaalaaaasa, caaaot h pradncca.yi.vr!F&!jWfrfl&T"i2fl' ?THE BOURBON NEWS," PARIS, KENtUCKY, FEB. 21, 1911MILLERSBURG ITEMS.3r.E. M. Neal is not so well.'Miss Bessie Butler is out again.at home Sunday and Monday.Mrs. C. M. Best is taking the resttreatment for a few days at the St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington.Miss Pauline Bentleyisick.is among theMr. A. J. Thaxton, of ckyState University, Lexington, was athome from Friday till Monday.Vxlrs. George Mitchelljnicely.is improvingCall on us for the best fertilizers fort your plant beds. Supply just received.Alcorn spent Saturday 2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Miss Sarahin fans. i. Mr. Ellis Baldwin left MondayWatch the bargain window at Mock's ' Maysville where he will visitlumiture store. 1 -It mother in that city for a few days.forhisana, were guests of relatives herefrom Saturday till Monday.The Ogling 0ls, a burlesque .onsecret societies, was oragnized Mondayevening and will be put on in the nearfuture in the interest of Amity LodgeNo. 40 b & A. M. Further particulars will appear later.Master Hamlet Collier and littlesister, Martha, of Ciintunville, areguests of their grandmother, Mrs.Martha Purnell.. Miss Jennie Mane Pepper is able to.be about the house.Miss Bettie Vimont spent last WedTiesday in Lexington.j Mrs. William Uedford returned toher home at Lexington Satruday afterspending a few days at the bedside ofo t j i .- ,..:.. ner mother, Mrs. M. R. Coliler, wrospoons, of both colleges; hand enrgav-1 has been u,tc 'bnt is improving.ed.14 4tAARON McCONNELL.Misses Margaret Smith and.garet Peterson are improving.MaSRegular meeting of Amity Lodgetonight. All members urged to bepresent.Mrs. S. B. Turner was the guest ofrelatives at Mt. Sterling from Saturday until Monday.Miss Louie Warford. of CampbellHagermann College, Lexington, wasMiss Ethel Fisher left Saturday forthe conservatory of muisc at Indianapolis, Ind., where she will take aspecial course in piano.Mrs. D. P. Jones and little son anddaughter left Saturday for the bedsideof her sister, Mrs. W. H. Herring, atCrockett's Bluff, Ark.Dr. and Mrs. I. D. Best and littledaughter. Miss Catherine, of Cynthi-Mrs. 0. M. Johnson and daughter,Miss Ethel, were guests of Mrs. W.M. Walker and t family r of Lexingtcn,from Saturday until Monday.Most of the shade trees on Mainstreet were pruned during the prettyweather of the past week, and . thetown took on a spring like appearancefor a few dasy.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell wereguests of their pirents, Mr. and Mrs.W.T . McConnell, of Mt. Olivet, fromEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & M'f 9q Company,PARIS, KY.IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.BAA COHEN.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.ijit"5BIB REDUCTIONSThis Week on All DiscontinuedShoe Lines.We have gone through our stock and selected alldiscontinued lines and broken sizes, all this season'sstyles, in Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes,Which We Will Place on Sale ThisWeek at Great Reductions.This Sale includes a big lot of high-grade Ladies' TanShoes at Cut Prices.Sunday until today. Mr. McConnellwill fit glasses in thut city today.Mrs. Lavina Vimont and daughter-in-law,Mrs. F. L. Vimont, accompanied by Miss Mattie Dudley, the latter of Carlisle, left Monday for a twoweeks' sojourn at' Martinsville, Ind.Mr. Ralph Traman. who has beenconnected with the ba-bershop of T.T. Bentley.left Monday for Campbellsville, where he will take charge of thebarbershop of Mr. J. Smith Clarke inconnection with the hotel which he isconducting in that city.All daily papers can be secured hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AsronMcConnell. Don't fail to call therewhen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HomeJournal.3 4t R. M. CALDWELL. Agent.We want news for the BourbonNews. We want it fresh. Those having news, items for publication willplease call me Home phone 82 or leavesame at postoffice or Bourbon HemeTelephone Exchange.R. M. CALDWELL, Correspondent.The heavy sleet which fell in thissection Sunday afternoon and nightdid considerable damage to telephonelines and shade trees. Unshetletedstock is reported to be suffering considerably as a result of the severe coldwhich came so unexpected and whichgave farmers no time to prenare foithe comfort of their stock. With theexception of the damaee suffered bythe two telephone companies inMillersburg, a number of polrs andlines being down, no serious loss is reported. Master Ross Deans entertained Saturday afternoon about twenty-five ofhis little friends, it being his ninthbirthday. The home wad darkenedand Eoftly'illuminated with wax tapersin candelabra. A number of gameswere indulged in and the little folksenjoyed every moment or ibe time.Dr. and Mrs. Deans left nothing- undone that would enhance the pleasureof all the guests. They are delihtfulentprtainers and this occasion was onethat will on live in the hearts andminds of the little folks. Ices andcakes were berved during the time.The Bourbon News is offering flattering inducements from now until thpfirst of March to the readers. This isa splendid opportunity to get yourcounty paper in connpction with something else at exceedingly low rates.Don't fail to read the following : TheKentucky Farmer and Bourbon Newsone year for $2.00; The daily CourierJournal, except Sunday, four months,and the Bourbon News one year forS2.25; the daily Courier Journal, except Sunday, eight months, tnd Bourbon News one year S3.00. Leave yourorders with24 St R. M. CALDWELL. Agent.The recital given by the pupils inmusic and expression at the M. P. C.Friday evening was good. A delightful program had 1 een prepareo whichwas well executed. The mus-ieal numbers were clsdcical, tbrugh not neces-'sarily heavy. interspersed by thereadings by the pupils in expressionand the vocal numbers gave the program considerable variety and madeit all more intertaimng. Miss Nell,instructor in string instruments, consented after several requests to rendpra violin number, to the delight of allwho heard it. There was but one objection to the entertainment and thatwas it was entirely too short. Thereception which was to have followedthe recital was omitted and will takeplace after the next one.PUBLIC SALELIVESTOCKSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1911,At Millersburg, Ky.60 head of broke mules;20 head of broke horses:30 Jersey cows;100 head of cattle;100 head of sheeo;100 head of cattle shoats.We will sell to the highest bidder without reserve or by-bid onSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25th, at 10 a. m., rain or shine, mules,horses, cattle, hogs and sheep.Mules from 2 to 7 years old, among them some good enough for anybodyMostly maies and some as good young teams as grow. The horses driversaddlers and worker's. An extra lot of good vonng Jersey cows, all eitheifresh or soon will be.50 head of good 1,000 to 1 :00 pound steers. 50 head of good yearling cattle.100 sheep due to lamb in March. 100 shoats from 60 to 100 pounds. 15 broodsows due to farrow in March. Wagon, plows, grass rake, mower and a fulllot of farming utensils.Terms Reasonable; Dinner for all.LETTON VIMONT,W. D. MclINTIRE.GEO. D. SPEAKES, CHAS. PETERS, Auctioneers." ls JT LOOANDA 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:(W'4. champion to high wheels and the greatest,sire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcvone, sire of McKinney2:lljij. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:l5; ; was thochampion racing stalliou of 390i-li)05; three-vear-old record 2:16; fouryeag-old record :2:14Ja; five year-old record 2:0t'; six-vear-old record 2:05 V.seven-year-old record 2:03n4 ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 fOR A LIVING TOALiNORAB 36915, Trial 2.13, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:1S, dam Episode 2:1S by Ambassador 2:21. grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING TOALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, Kentucky-m. m m ,mv m m a i mi mwohuvl; v hi hi au oJinnual Clearance Sale$rA,,v .,DAN COHEN336 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNn- &Police Judge Applies BuggyWhip.Police Judge John N. Menefee, .Jr... of Stanford, gave Lee Longr, a youngI white man, twelve lashes w ith a busrgywhip in lieu of a heavy fine and jailj term for being drunk.. Menefee is a strong believer in thenflicaey of the whipping post and gaveI Long the alternative of taking a whipping or working out a line. Longchose the former, and Menefee laid iton at a livery stable in front of a largecrowd.This is the second man Menefee haswhipped since being in office, the otherhaving been a negro who has beenfrequently caught selling whisky inStanford, which is supposed to be adry town, but is really very wet,Two Acquitted of MurderCharge.The jury in the case of LetcherHam. in the Nicholas Circuit Court,charged with the muider of HargisKing, a barber, after being out Fridaymgnt about two iiuuts returned a ver- fdiet of acquittal. Ham, who testifiedin his own behalf, gave a straightforward account of his whereabouts onthe night of the killing after he wasseen in Carlisle the evening before incompany with :King, who fearly nextmorning was found dead in , his buggyon the Headquarterspike with twobullet holes in his head.The jury brought in verdict of notguilty in the case of the Commonwealth against Crowe Shea, a prominent farmer of Nicholas county,charged with killing Jonas Crawford.OFLeather. Bags, Umbrellas, China,Brass and Bric-a-BracIPriday, Peb. 1 0th.Great Reductions.All Cut Prices Positively Cash.Don't Miss This Sale.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.fCTTI UT r g i.m rwok r-iniiea 4-v aw"H Both Phones.JWin. Frazier to Die May 5.Z In the Scott Circuit Court Judge W.C. Halberr, of Vanceburg last weekpassed sentence of death on WilliamFrazier, the Chattanooga negro,chargpd with criminally assaultingRosa Reed, a negro girl in Scott county last August. This is the first timein the history of Scott county that adeath verdict has been given a nergofor an offense of this kind against oneof his own race, and is rare even inKentucky. The date of his executionhas been fixed for May 5, next.Special Judge Appointed.I The Woodford Sun says: "CircuitClerk A. P. Curtis has received a I letter from Judge R. L. Stout, who isat Clearwater, Florida, 'recuperatingfrom his illness of typhoid fever, stating that while his condition is 'steadilyimproving, he does not feel that he iswell enough to preside at the Februaryterm of the Woodford Circuit Court,which f ill convene on the 27th insr."Mr .Curtis has notified Gov. Willson, who will appoint a Special Judgefor this court. The docket is a verylight one,' with no cases of - reat im-Now Is The Time To StraightenYour Poultry Yard and Fence.fWe have tiie Wire, light and heavy,from 2 inches to 72 inches high andthe price is less than ever before.Also the best farm fencing, the onewjth the stay that can't' slip, at 2c aless than heretofore.China Nest Eggs 20c doz.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky..1L.1Liportance.' v" -.,-n .,7j f j.S9fT