tr-"i-i i 'iaaa)MBiaMt--3MTHE BOURBON NEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-nPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1911.VOLUME XXXI.90liMIMBiMMMMiS6IM66KID SD66ialSIAt TheSIMONDep't Store,Thursday, Aug. 24,Ladies5 Gauze Silk Lisle Hose, 25cquality, at Half-Price, 1 2c per pair.4 pair to a customer.Sale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE New Line of Children's SchoolDresses just arrived.I Dresses just arrived. ILBflHaaaBAMiEHHMAflHniflV.i3r5?;risBEST GROCERIESCost Least At The RobneeLWWfttisftV!IS$fts&16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar $1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50Blueing, 2 boxes 05Best Gun Powder Tea, per pound 75Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per pound.. .50Full Quart Can Karo, Syrup .10Brooms, 5-Tie' - ' y- -Five Gallons Best Oil 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of Quality,Blu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack ' 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40wSI?lbSticks Knife Clear Through BodyWhen R. T. Daivs, of Mayfield, former sheriff, pioneer traveling salesmanand primitive Baptist preacher, took adose of poison and followed this witha stab in his side he struck with suchforce that the whole knife, blade,handle and all, passed through thewound and fell into the stomachcavity, where it was found at a post;mortem examination. Bad health andbuisness reverses are said to have beenthe cause of the suicide.Making Preparations for Monster Barbecue.Preparations are being fast madefor the bit; Democratic barbecue to begiven at Blue Lick ;3prings, Nicholascounty, for which the Democrats ofNicholas, Fleming and other countiesare workintr. Seventy-five lambs,several beeves, 600 gallons of coffeeand 600 gallons of Kentucky burgoowill be prepared besides other provisions for the great crowd that will attend. It is said that the meeting willbe held September 14.. Valuable Birds.An exchange says: "After thequail has been almost exterminated,the scientists tell us that each quail isworth its weight in gold to every farmer. From September 1 to April 1eoch "bob white" eats 260 pounds ofweed seeds., From April to September it"lives upon insects as , well asseeds and industriously consumes themost active crop pests in this country,such as chinch bugs, cotton worm,wheat weevil, cucumber and barnbeetle, potato bugs, cut worms andtrmsRVinnnfira. One stomach, when examined, contained more than 100 grasshoppers. The wise farmer will protect the quail and give them the runof the farm."Forty Million Pigs' Feet a Year.Chicagoans eat annually about40,000,000 pigs' feet. This was theestimate made by packers and retailmeat dealers. Incidentally it wasannounced that the pigs' feet seasonis in progress. Within a few daysretail meatdealers expect a big demand for the article, and are layingin big 3tocks.Chicago is said to consume morepigs' feet annually than any other cityin the country. The demandjis largestin the foreign colonies, but a largenumber of Americans are also fond ofthe product.The Germans and Scandinavians aresaid to be the largest consumers.mauyof these nationalities doing their ownpickling and eating the meat at alltimes of the year.r"WE KNOW MOW"VSTRAW HATS ATHALF PRICEwWe are selling our entire line of Straw Hats andPanamas at half-price. Plain Straws, Rough Strawand Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowns, all Shapes and Styles.Come in and buy a hat that will keep your headcool during this hot month, and it will cost you butvery little.j?Look For The New StoreMitchell & Blakemore,Many Improvements in the StateAsylums.Thn State r Board of Control ofCharitable Institutions are making exOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyT. O. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,tenisve improvements in the buildingsat the asylums and the Feeble MindedIntsitute in Frankfort. Ihey havtarivprfisprl fnr hids for the erection ofa kitchen, bakery and dining room atthe Feeble Minded Institute whichwill cost in the neighborhood of15,000At the Iopkinsville asylum a sanitary barn is being erected which willcost about 89,000 and will have acapacity for 100 cows. A dormitorycosting $40,000 for eclored patients hasjust been completed at- Lakeland andcottages for tuberculosis patients arenearing completion.II hospital costing about $11,000 is underconstruction, and pipes are being laidA'a from the reservoir at Louisville to theW i asylum, at a coat of $85,000.l i The Eastern Kentucky Asylum ata-m T.ovinnrfnn is lsn erettiner a number oftmm ... ni iiMi iibmiii Minn - - - mmmm N" flHHMIHHHHifliiOTiniiiiiiiiiiiwiiuiuimnmiiiiimirmFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns..97Mimprovements.&5ff .....M'.Z'ZlgmmmSTRAW HATS 1-2 OFFREGULAR PRICE3TT'kT7ij$iZas.j$y'ANAMA25 Per CentHATSOff5sm1 BSE II BOYS' 506OW 1503mitezswfcmkisI'giPrice Sc Co!.-?V9Clothiers.jyiv.'ommjgkWBfiHWWHMHHWDies o! Grie! Over Desertion.In the fever of a delirium that hadbeen upon her since the day of herdesertion in a Gincinnnati hotel as thebride of Peter Paul Apkins, now underarrest at Richmond, Ind., on a chargeof bigamy, Elizabeth Young Apkinsdied Thursday afternoon at the homeof her foster-mother, Mrs. J. M.Baxter, near Lexington.Miss Younc: and 'Apkins were married in Lexington on Friday, May 26,by Rev. I. J. Spencer, of the CentralChristian church, after a brief courtship. The following morning they tooka train for Cincinnati, where theyregistered at a hotel.At midnight people in the hotelwere arousad by screaus issuing fromthp room occupied by Mr. and Mrs.Apkins, where the bride was threatening to throw herself frou a window.Tha l-rirlarrrrnm hnrl rlpjprtfrl hpr.She was transferred in a patrol j &pwagon to a sanatarium. Sunday morn- j '&&ing Apkins called Mrs. Baxter on thetelephone and told her to come toCincinnati, saying that his bride wasvery HI.Mrs. Baxter and Mis. Irene B.Strode, a couin of Mrs. Apkins, -hurriedto' Cincinnati. Apkins had disappeared, likewise a considerable sumof money and some jewelry belongingto the bride, the girl's relatives s vggscharge.Mrs. Apkins was -returned to herhome in Lexington the following day.and from that time until the hour ofher death shp had few lucid moments.She was constantly in fear, believingthat Apkins was near and was attempting to take hei life.Apkins was arrested at Richmond,Ind., July 20. on a charge of forgery.It developed from papers in his possession that he had previously marriedand deserted Mrs. Bertha Coler atParis, 111.The Fayette grand jury last monthreturned an indictment chargingApkins with bigamy, and DetectiveTTpnrv Bsker. of the Lexincton force,went to Indianapolis with requisitionpapers.'REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles in.. LAWNSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and Stripes, SpeciallyPriced7 at JO and 12 i-2c a yardNewFallStyles in Dressat tO and 12 l-2c yardGinehanasmcx3!'VSS5.I tiy-vfjtaxfSUIV1IV1ER SLIPPERSWe have just received several of the very newest stylesin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede atJ. 95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pairsgpSSS2mryzs?vSs-Remnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,Calicoes, Etc., all at Big ReductionsPFrank & Co.- - Kentuckyans,liiiaimiuiiiiiiiiiniiiinmssainniniiiiiiiiiiiiiinininininiiiiiiiiHmiimniiuuuiainniDiaiiii uuiniinniniiinef. wmyllJv&SXr?Xr?T?.rttlssiSMiiisSIIit.sri.i .Ei .if (.&jV.THE BOURBON NgWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 22, 1911.II-5tTHE BOURBON NEWS(fS-VftiBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.The Gtomach is a larger factor in " n liberty airl .he pursuit of happiness" than most people are aware. Patriotismcan withstand hunger but not dyspepsia. The coniirmcd dyspeptic "is fit for treason, stratagems and spoils. i.-c manwho goes to the front for his country with a weak stomachwill be a weak soldier and a fault finder.A sound stomach makes for good citizenship as well as forhealth and happiness.Diseases of the stomach and other organs of digestion ananutrition are promptly and permanently cured by the use ofDp. PIERCE'S GQLDEX MEDieZIL DISCOVERY.It builds up the body with sound flcsb andsolid muscle.The dealer who offers a substitute for the " Discovery "isonly seeking to make the little more profit realized on thesale of less meritorious preparations.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser is sent freeon receipt of stamps to pay expense of mailing only. Send21 one-cent stamps for the Raper covered book, or 31 stampsfor the cloth bound. Address World's Dispensary MedicalAssociation, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 J 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cent3 per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.MILLER & BEST, 'Millersburg, Kentucky.ONE YEAR,2.00 I.Payable inSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00They last a lifetime. They're Fireproof StormproofInexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurther detailed information apply toHVIWm ORIGINALITYWF'SWJNOKZ BETTER.and SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Vork.An individuality dihtinguhlies our Monuments from all others, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Spoclaliy.NONE CHEAPERSuccess In Canada,It must not be thought that capitalis everything in starting an orchardor a farm. In fact, it is unwise foranyone, even though he has had experience in the old country, to investhis money and undertake to conductfruit growing or agricultural operations before having first gained a sufficient knowledge of his new surroundings. Canadian Gazette.Wm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THE GARDENCTjiptfiSw!is a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get aiv'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.A New Beginning.Let this and every dawn of morning be to you as the beginning oflife, and let every setting sun be toyou as its close; let every one ofthese short lives leave its sure recordof some kindly deed done for others;some goodly strength or knowledgegained for yourself. Ruskin.Angora Goat as Land Cleaner.The Angora goat is making considerable progress in Queensland. Apartfrom the value of mohair, the Angorais a splendid cleaner of land. Fortygoats will clear as much land as aman with a mattock, and do it muchbetter.Illusive.There is a motion without progressin time as well as in space; where athing often remains stationary, whichappears to us to recede, while we areleaving It behind. Julius CharlesHare.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KlerLt-u.Gfe.-vssIftBourbon Laundry JgDAVIS & FUNK, Props.sTelephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice.1 S If tyttmA P rticalar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsqualify is guaranteed. Giveus ;i trial order. You'll notregret it.Differences of Opinion.If were not best that we should allthink alike; it is difference of opinionthat makes horse races possible.Mark Twain.Unfortunately, Yes.The trouble with the .story whichyou tell is that it is almost sure toremind somebody of another which isjust as old.DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States Senator,OLL1E M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof MadisonFor Lieutenant Governor ,E. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTH, of FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAM LETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYConscience.The trouble with the still smallvoice is that it generally permits itself to be still until there arises thedanger of discovery.Pearls From the Conch.Borne very valuable pearls are obtained from the common conch ofFlorida. Occasional specimens havesold for $1,000.Bourbon Laundry,wrWWWwGirls, Take Notice!A wealthy Yonkers (N. Y.) man hasjust married his housekeeper becauseshe made such capital apple pies.Sure.Everybody is crazy now and then,declares a well-known physician.Haven't you noticed it about otherpeople?Paris, Kentucky MjjFirst Street Tramways.Street tramways were first opentdat London in 1861.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?"We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin, diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can bo relied upon. "We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop Into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.-G. S. Vaiden&Son.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Theme 716.Up to the Bachelors.If every bachelor would contribute$50 to a common fund there would beno dependent children.Slaughter of Fish.In northern waters millions of fishare ground into nothing by the movingmasses of ice.Berlin's Life in Three Streets.The life of Berlin is concentratedin three streets the Friedrlch Strasse,Liepsiger Strasse and Unter den Linden. Beyond these great thoroughfares, ablaze with lights and an immense concourse of people, all is darkness, and merry Berlin may be saidto begin and end within the limits ofthese three famous thoroughfares.National Magazine.Harder Nut to Crack.Now that Harvard scientists havecolved the riddle of the Sphinx, it isup to the Yale highbrow to discoverwhy a woman always steps off a moving street car backward.Ancient Greek Superstftion.Spitting for luck's sake was ofconsiderable importance among theancients. Greeks spit three timesinto their bosoms at the sight of amadman or one troubled with epileptic fits in order to ward off sucbmaladies.No Surprise to Him."I was surprised when I heard thatGrabrox had joined the church." "Iwasn't, I happened to be presentwhen he and his business partnershook Sice to see which member ofthe firm should join."GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EfflBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY137; NIGHT 299.w 'ii'ini iy"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. Tryand be satisfied.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.(xQkKSXfesQfcxS5yS23S&East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North jMiddletovrn, Little" Rockan"WhenRuddles Mills.you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."youThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedSIPOPDLAR EXCURSION"Land of the Sky" and "Sap.phire Country."1 LIQUID CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs Inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan he brought about only by using theI healing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.v1 Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.I A 25-cent trial bottle will start thcure, and give you Instant, relief.1 G. S. Varen & Son.Tuesday. September 12 the Queen &Crescent Route in connection withSouthern Railway will operate aspecial excursion to the "Land of theSky" and "Sapphire Country' at thefollowing low tround trip fares fromLexington :Asheville, N. C , $7 50.Hendprsonville, N. C, S8.50.Waynesville, N. C, $8 50.LakejToxaway. N. C, S9.50.Final'limit to return until September 27, 1911..Special train consisting of Pullmandrawing room sleeping cars, Pullmanobservation sleeping cars, "modern daycoaches, electiically lighred.will leaveLexington at 9 p. m. lueaday, September 12.Upon payment of $1.50 additional tofares named above tickets will berouted going direct or returning viaChattanooga, Lookout Mountain, orthe reverse.Stopovers will be permitted at manypoints, including Knoxfville, Tenn.,enabling passengers to visit the GreatAppalachian Exposition.Ask ticket agents for particulars oraddressH. C. KING, P. & T. A..Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, G. P. A,.Cincinnati, Ohio.Materials in Ton of Pig Iron.It takes 4,221 po-irds of ore, 2,310pounds of coke, which means aboutthree thousand pounds of coal, and1,147 pounds of limestone, a total ofover four tons of ore, coal and limestone, to make a ton of pig iron.Sharks in Eastern Seas.Seventeen kinds of sharks inhabitthe seas or the far east, tho baskingshark of the Indian ocean frequentlyattaining a length of fifty feet.Hard, Task Tor Mankind.To become a good man is truly difficult, fashioned without fault. Horace.$100 Reward,. $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that, science liasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly uon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation lof thedisease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work;.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars fpr any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo. O.Sold by druggists ?5c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.i imi itCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints perma-nently cured, tnroun the blood withpureBotonical Ingredients. To provejit wewill send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg, ;acmng back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lastjng cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheamedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Stmposrnr free by writing Blood..11 d . Atlanta, Ga. Describey v.ii trouble nd free medical advicegi;on. 3l:l by Varden & Son.A Sure Cure for PilesMr. F. S. Randall ol No. 20 East Main St,Leroy, N. Y., wntea that Bloodine Ointment baaproven efficacious in a stubborn case of Files andRectal Fissures where everything else has failed.Bloodine Ointment is sold on a positive guarantMto cure Files or money back..Is the most healing salve in the world. It will pej........ -"-; "-. " -", - .-.. .,salt rheum and all skin diseases.Found at Lasta euro for Eczema. Mrs. Charles Blanchard ofPhiladelphia, Pa., writes that she had suffered formany years with this terrible disease and had triedremedy alter remedy tor it, but could not end acure, until she was advised to try Bloodine Ointment, and to ner great surprise oae box healed upnearly all of the old sores, aad the second boxcompletely cured ner. 50c. a box by mail. 'Bloodine Liver Pills cure Constipation. 35c &DOX.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Smoothing Irons Long in Use.Smoothing irons were first used inFrance in the sixteenth century.Species of Bees and Wasps.About 4,500 species of wild bees araknown, and of wasps, 1,100.Falls Victim to Thieves.S. W. Bends, of Coal City, Ala.,hasa justifiable grievance. Two thievesstole his health for twelve years.Theywere a liver and kidney trouble.ThenDr. King's New Life Pills throttledthem. He's well now. Unrivaled foiconstipation, malaria, headache, dys-ipepsia. 250 at Uberdorfer's.Pneumatic Tamper.The ramming of paving stone isdone now with a pneumatic tamper,doing the work of the human rammer in much less time.Carrier Pigeons Can Travel Far.A recent experiment has proventhat carrier pigeons may be trustedto convey messages from sh!ps sev-,eral hundred miles at sea.is taken by people in tropical countries all the yearround. - It stops wasting andkeeps up the strength andvitality in summer as wellas winter.ALL DRUGGISTS:lvS5PhiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 22, 1911,istzam&vujxjnsnuHxs!i3B35sae2& r 9 ye c Jo8 JLwLJ i I'lllllllU1Hfcta W 1' t JTY 4 V U I h 1 , -3QGESmmpr- V-ritiX vlliJWHEN PROMISEDflk .-aSa: Deis Cliein:r6fcgprt-aftwaWMWBfcMcsgHBeacy-'miirB,ffTnrfii rfcHiirii nnnnrveBawttcatnyaaBkawimTTtiffrxxsg iin WJ i.fQUID PORES.An Entertaining Experiment With Alcohol and Water.It is not easy to imagine liquids ashaving 'pores, though this seems to bethe easy as shown by certain familiarexperiments. When a certain amountof powdered sugar L; slowly pouredinto warm water, the water will dissolve the susar and appear to absorbit without increasing its volume. 'Similarly, when alcohol is poured into water the resulting volume is less thanTHE SERENADE.AnOld Romantic Custom That Ha5Fallen Into Desuetude.In recalling the serenade of the Philharmonic society to Mile. Nilsson I amreminded of a custom now fallen intodesuetude, but which at the time Ispeak of (1ST0) was a favorite methodof bestowing a marked complimentupon any one whom you wished particularly to honor.The serenade was not only offeredto visitors of distinction, but prevailed-New Zealand's Tlrnber Supply.On a. steady consumption" af 40C..rf000,000 feet a 'year itjs .estimatedthat New Zealand's timber supplywill give out in -fifty years.kFfSroo fv.ucn wtven to Boasting.One trouble about th man whonever smokes or drmks is that he devotes the time thus gained to talkingabout it. Exchange.Good WorfemIheaiSTork?&&?&&m sifflL WAthe sum of the two volumes. J extensively as a delicate attentionFor instance, if fifty parts of water which you might pay to the lady of; and fifty parts of alcohol be mixed to- j your choice. It was thought the prop-gether they will make only ninety-f our , er thing at that period for a man toparts. Apparently one of the liquid? r engage the best brass band "he couldhas- entered into tbe "pores" of the afford and to proceed with it afterother. This experiment, as commonly j midnight to the house of his preferredperformed in laboratories, consists in; and -then to stand beneath the win-putting measured quantities of the two j dows while theliquids together, s but the effect wouldbe far more striking were it possiblefor students to see one of the liquidsactually "soaking" into the other. Thiscan be done in the following way:Take two glasses, one filled to thebrim with water and the other withalcohol. In order to show the effectto better advantage, color the alcoholwith red iuk. The glasses should notbe over full that is, the surface of theliquid should not bulge above the rimof the glass. "When everything isready, place a sheet of paper over the;lass full of alcohol, and with a hand night, and the night watchman lentA woman always measures herwords when she is sending a telegram. Cleveland Plain Dealer.musicians played theirmost sentimental and sonorous selections. It was not an uncommon soundseven to hear a double quartet of malevoices with a French horn thrown in,singing beneath the wiucows of .somefavored damsel, while paterfamilias orthe butler made ready some light refreshment for the donors of this graceful compliment.These romantic attentions have taken flight with the advent of electriclights, elevated railroads and othervoices of the night, but even New Yorkhad a few hours of stillness after mid-Ce serve No Fity.I've never had any pity foe conceited people, because I think they carrytheir comfort about with them.George Eiiot. -TheMan Who Told It Said It WasSim pi v a True Piarrktivc,A man who formerly wW a v. titeron a big transatlantic liner told thisstory the other da. :"Ou a certain rip over I had at myt:thh an irascible old genlteman v. howas ;( fresh air t.inl. No matter - Imfctjbe weather he a i ways insisted onhaving the port hi le over the tableopen. It was ho use to. r.rgue with.him. but one day when the seas j erevery high and the ship pitching androlling I ventured to remonstrate. Hewas up in arms in a nainnte. 'You arepaid to obey ojrders. he said tartly.'Open that port I did. The soupcourse was served in safety. Then Iasked liim if he would, have fish 'Ofcourse I will.' he snapped. 'And I'll1 have it in a hurry. Don't keep mewaiting all day.'"Just at that moment an unusually-sme jqb ReofRs orTHEmBRBNNEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such ason tite paper to keep it down on the;rim of the glass invert the tumbler,and the liquid will remain in the glass,owing to the air pressure on the paper.Now place the inverted tumbler overthe glass full of water and carefullydraw out the paper. This can be donewithout spilling a drop of alcohol, andyet as soon as the paper is removedtbe alcohol will commence to drop.Owing to the fact that it is colored itis possible to see the alcohol actually"soaking" into the water, while tinyair bubbles that were formerly contained in the "pores" of the water riseslowly to the top of the tumbler. Thiswill continue for some little time untila considerable air space forms in thetop of the tumbler.an indulgent ear to these revelers, whowould doubtless be locked up as disturbers of the peace did they hazardsuch an enterprise under our modernregime. Richard Hoffman's "MusicalRecollections."HE WAS THANKFULButThe Diner's Viewpoint.Tiis restaurant variety of chickenhas eleven necks, five hacks and thir- ; wg sea rolled by-that is. part of itj did. A goodly portion1 came tnrougnthe porthole, soaking the old man audidepositing on the table in front of him.ii live fish. No waiter on board ofour ship had ever served an, order soteen wings.Maw. U..C ..wow oi i irr.e.Time is precious, so let us do thebest we can, and when the time ispassed we shall not regret our past !days.Trade Is Generally Brisk.People who make it their businessto fool the public seldom have, to closeout for lack of customers.Lack of Faith.Every woman who has a son hopeahe will remain a bachelor, so littlefaith has she in the rest of the members of her sex.ASLEEP AT HIS DESK.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Lincoln Was Worn Out, but Hadn'tForgotten His Caller.One day a very energetic lady calledon me to take her to the president andaid her to get a private soldier pardoned who had been sentenced todeath for desertion and was to be shotthe very next morning. It was latein. the afternoon when we got there,and the cabinet was still in session. Isent my name in to Mr. Lincoln, andhe came out. evidently in profoundthought and full of some great subject I stated the object of our calland, leaving the lady in. one of theantechambers, returned to the senate,which had not yet adjourned.The case made a deep impression onme, but I forgot it in the excitementof the debate and the -work of my office until perhaps near 10 o'clock thatnight, when my female friend camerushing into the room, radiant withdelight, the pardon in her hand."I have been up there ever since,"she said. "The cabinet adjourned,and I sat waiting for the president tocome out and tell me the fate of mypoor soldier, whose case I placed inhis hands after you left. But I waited in vain-there -was no Mr. Lincoln.So I thought I would go up to thedoor of his cabinet room and knock.I did so, and as there was no answerI opened it and passed in, and therewas the worn president asleep withhis head on the table resting on hi9arms and my boy's pardon signed byhis side. I quietly waked him, blessed him for his good deed and camehere to tell you the glorious news."John W. Forney in "Anecdotes ofPublic Men."Still He i nought there was aLittle More He Might Get.Old Simon, as we will call him, isquite a character in his way. He believes in asking for a thing until hegets it, and then well,, he is immediately in need of something else. Hohas lived on the same estate all hislife, and untjl quite recently he waspaying a merely nominal rent 1 ayear for the small cottage he occupied. Simon, however, wasn't quite satisfied. Whenever he paid an installmentof his rent he called his master's attention to the fact that this thingwanted doing and that thing wanteddoing to the property. At length Simon's master decided on a bold move.The next time Simon turned up withthe quarter's rent and the usual listof suggested repairs the owner wasprepared to meet him,"Look here. Simon." he remarked."I've been thinking the matter over, andin recognition of your long and faithfulservice I'm going to make you a freegift of the cottage you live in. Fromthis moment it's yours to do as youlike with. Now, what do you say to!that?""Thank 'e, sir thank 'e," returnedthe old fellow. "An' now, sir, whatabout that bit o paint for the backdoor? Ye'll throw that in, o course?"London Answers.Always Safe.Whenever you hear a man boastingthat he has horse sense it is safeto write him down an ass.Queer pact in Nature.The tallest and shortest people ofEurope, the Norwegian and the Lapps,live side by side.quickly before. But I didn't get anycredit for it. The queer thing aboutthat story," he added, "is that it isn'ta fish story at all. I never told it yetto any one who believed it, but it isabsolutely true." New York Press.Spread of Scientific Farming.Fully three million acres in NewMexico are under cultivation -by scientific farming.As to Honesty.The man who would not trust anybody else gives himself a poor recommendation.Hard.It is always hard for an invalid tostick to his diet when he is dining atthe expense of somebody else.Definition of Humor.Humor is the harmony of the heartDouglas Jerrold.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Pat Scored.An Irishman named Pat Carr wasmet by an Englishman one day, whosaid to him:"What's your name?""Carr," said Pat."Well, well," said the Englishman;"you're the first car I ever saw goingwithout an ass, so you're a great sightto me.""Begobl" said Pat "You're not thefirst ass I saw going without a car, soyou're no sight to me." London Globe.Waterlogged Servians.An Englishwoman traveling in Servia thus gives a striking glimpse ofher own prejudices and tastes. "TheServians drink too much cold water,and they drink it till they are pulpy.An average Serb drinks enough coldwater for an English cow. I doubtwhether -the language contains anequivalent for 'bad training,' for whenI tried to explain the idea it createdsurprise. A doctor told me he hadnever heard the theory before. To himit seemed a natural and wholesomehabit Moreover, he added, 'there isplenty,' and seemed to think it wasrather wasteful to leave any unswallowred. To me it explained the lackof activity. The nation is waterlogged. All day long and every day theSerb oalls for a glass of cold water,and when he has drunk it he calls foranother. Perhaps owing to this hehas little space for alcohol. At anyrate, I never saw a drunken man, evenamong the peasants."Self-Satisfaction.Some men are satisfied with themselves merely because they are poorJudges of character.HIS PLAN OF THE DAY. ,Rigid Rules of Living Made by a Colonial Minister.An orderly arrangement of workinghours is a desirable and time savingthing, but when one reads the plan ofthe day made by a colonial parson, hocannot help wondering where the good,man's family life came in, and if thesystem held any possibility of relaxation. The record, quoted by WilliamRoot Bliss, in "Side Glimpses Fromthe Colonial Meeting House," is takenfrom the diary of Thomas Prince, aminister of the Old South church, Boston. 1719. Oct. SOth. I marry.Nov. 10. We begin to keep House.My proposed order is:At 5 get up and so into Study. Prayand read In original Bible till 6, and thencall up the Family.At 6 go to Family Prayers and onlythe Porringer of Chocolat for Breakfasttill 7. 7 go into my Study till 12Vz. then dosomething about the House till 1 to dinner, except on Thursday study till 10.then dress and U Lecture.At 2 Dress and go abroad till Candlelight. Except Wednesdays after Dinnerdo something about the House and Saturday afternoons visit at Dr. Se wall's till2V, then Home and study till CandlelightStudy till 9.9 go to Family Prayers and go to tfecu,N. B. I eat no Supper.Consulting the Sage.No Korean couple would think ofmarrying without consulting the sage,who fixes the happy day for them.This he does simply by adding thebride's age to the bridegroom's, and,after determining, which star rules thedestiny of their united ages, he decrees that the wedding shall take placeupon the day sacred to that star.be Bourbon Urn.,"1 04 Issues a Year forCourting Celebrity."I want to do some one thing thatwill cause me to be talked about," saidthe energetic and ambitious man."That's easily arranged," answeredhis wife. "Merely move into a strangeneighborhood." New York American.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application. x "iThe Resemblance.Teacher If the earth were empty inxide it would resemble Scholar Arazor, miss. Teacher A razor? Why,Teddy? Scholar Because it would behollow ground, miss. London Telegraph. Easier.The Landlady At our table, Mr.Bjinks, it is customary to returnthanks at each meal. The Mew BoarderThat's fine. I like it lots betterthan paying cash. New York Journal.Washington and the Artists.Writing to a friend May 1G. 17S5.Washington thus described his experience with portrait painters:"I am so hackneyed to the touchesof the painter's pencil that I am nowaltogether at their beck and sit likepatience on a monument while theyare delineating the lines of my face.It is a proof among many others ofwhat habit and custom can effect. Atfirst I was as impatient of the requestand as restive under tbe operation asa colt is of the saddle. The next timeI submitted very reluctantly, but withless flouncing. Now no dray movesmore readily to the thrill than I doto the painter's chair."1 ALL MY PIMPLES GONE "Girl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw;N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there J 3no sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure ana instant reuei m jkakuuaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms otskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare bo carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.Dickens' Cramped Quarters.Bleak House at Broadstalrs is ointerest to the Dickens' lover becausethe greater part of "David Copperfield" was written there. But it is notthe Bleak House of the novel, whichis definitely located in Hertfordshire.The novelist and Ids family appear tohave been somewhat tightly packed intheir Broadstairs home. When LordCarlisle contemplated paying a visit to"our watering place" in 1S51 Dickenswrote promising him the North Foreland lighthouse for a night light in hisbedroom, and he continues. "As wethink of putting mignonette boxes outside the windows for the younger children 'to sleep in by and by I amafraid we should give your servant theNcramp if we hardily undertook to lodgehim." During recent years the househas been transformed out of all recognition. London Spectator.'His Own Joke."I admit I was found in the possession of firearms." said the prisoner,"but it's only a joke ef mine, my lord.""Explain yourself," said the magistrate. "Why, I put two pistols in my pocket:when I go out to a friendly gathering. Then I start talking of aeroplanes." "Well?""Then I say my life was once savedby parachutes.""Yes?""And I pull out the pistols and say.'Pair o shoots. Ha! ha! See?""Yes, I see. Did you make up thatjoke yourself?""Yes. my lord.""Two years hard labor." London.Answers.It is the npodple svbb tuiow how torrit who. do continuous good WorkHarraden. ,Infinitesimal Webs.Mexico, the land of Montezuma,prickly pears, sand, volcanoes, earthquakes, etc., has many subtropicalwonders both in vegetable and animal life. Among these latter is a speeies of spider so minute that its legsannot be seen without a glass. Thislittle araneida weaves a web so wonderfully minute that it takes 400 ofthem to equal a common hair in magnitude. A Great Descent."I can trace my descent from Homer," said Lord Slatey proudly."Indeed," replied Miss Cr?sse, whodidn't seem to be at all impressed."It is certainly a great descent."Shopping.First Lady Mrs. Smith is too youngto go shopping alone. Second LadyVhnt Is thai? First L.dy-Ske-; H',,:.-U. .1 e.tcited aad-buy socoth'LjCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it wre will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention afc once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same time Blood Balm (B. B. B )purifies tbe blood, dees away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling ilood of warm, rich,Dure blood direct to the parUjzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just where it is needed,' andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggist- or. by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for'heme cure.Samples sent free by writinp: BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sr,!e tyVarfin & Son.And All of Them Americans.An English visitor has recently beenexpressing his wonderment at the facility with which America assimilatesits stream of immigrants. A friendwith whom he was talking on thesubject remarked. "My housemaid isa Norwegian, my grocer a Scotchman,my butcher is a German, my druggistis a Finn, my barber an Italian, mynewsman a Jew. my laundryman isIrish, my fishmonger English, myflorist Greek and my tailor Russian."American Hebrew.Correct."It's easy to find out what time itte," said a married man, "If the hallclock says 5:20. and the drawing romclock says 5:50. and the dining roirxtclock says G:0T. and my watch s?t0:15. and my wife's little dinky watchsays G. it's G o'clock in our house 'Gas Logic.Had the Moving Mania.Sunday School Teacher What ! rw tyou want to go to heaven "when vt idie? Little Emma Weir, you - -,our family couldu't think of Uvhv i ione- place the whole year rou i -Puck.Opportunity makes urJ known tofcr. hut mors to ourselvc -!-a F.'luucatrld.IMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL4&si'ttHSum'i'auXjtttt.M m 4jiVa.lea!agsgilfa8)ua. ttj;et.'''-tt rf-vii n)iTiliinT--dJTfifani-AWiIfjt' tf'f &r &.;&THE BQURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 221911.:nwanMHT-m.r'limlmmii.piM!mmn;,lU),1FJKiDolan Out On Bond,Thomas P. Dolan, whose recent trialin Lexington for the murder of PatrickJVlooney the jury was unable to agree,wa3 released from jail Friday afternoon, the bail bond of $10,000 fixed bythe court, having been given by W. H.Laudemun, the well known horseman,in pursuance of a request received bycablegram from E. R. Bradley, themillionaire turfman, by whom Dolanwas employed last winter, and who iscow in England.Reward or Slade's Slayer.Rewards aggregating 500 have beesnoffered for the apprehension and conviction df the person or persons, whomurdered Wm. E Slade, a gunsmithof Cynthiana, last week.THEATRICAL.E. H. Sothren and Miss JuliaMdrlowe, co-stars in a Shubeit proauction, were manied Thursday inParis.First-Class Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cabal- is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldbaths and polite -attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfSpecial Prices on Refrigerators.A few refrigerators at big reductions left at J. I. Hinton's.NOTICEAll accounts due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 tf YERKES & KENNEY.Fine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Best cash businessin the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.CITYTAXESFOR 1911' Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity Collectorisioodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodlne Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gent!emen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodlne Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly.Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALEInternational Corn Husker good asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.28 tf R. F. D. No. 3.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVISunday, Aug. 27, '11Pare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent.D. S. JORDAN. T. A.orDEATHS.Mr?. Lucinda Talbott, aged 64,died very suddenly at her home nearCynthiana Thursday of Heart trouble.Mrs. Talbott was the widow of JohnThomas Talbott and was a member ufa Drominent family. She was formerly Miss Collins. Three brothers survive. Taylor Collins, ot Colorado;George Collins, ot Texas, and WilliamCollins, of Leesburg, Harrison county.Mrs. Talbottwas an aunt of Mrs. b.J. Savage, of this city .After an illness extending over aperiod of several mbnlhs, Mr. LukeConnelly aged 51 yearrs, died at St.Josehp's Hospital Friday ;afternoonabout one o'clock.Mr. Connelly had been in declininghealth for about a year and some timeago was taken to the Lexington institution for treatment, with the hope ofprolonging his lite. The. direct causeof his death was Bright's disease. Mr.Connelly was a man extremely popularand numbered his friends by thescore. For twelve years he held theposition of city lamp lighter, but forthe past two years he has followed histrade of stationary engineer, beingemployed at the Paris Electric LightCo and by the Paris Water Co.He was a son of the late Patrick andKatherine Connelly, and spent all hislife in Paris. He is survived by hiswife, who was Miss Mary Doyle, ofthis city, and two children, LukeConnelly, Jr., aged seven years, andlittle Miss Mary Katherine Connlely,aged eight years, and two brothers andthree sisters, Messrs. James and JohnConnelly and Mrs. John Merringer.Sr., of this city, Mrs. Maggie Ritchie,of Ruddles Mills, and Mr3. MaryHughes, of Monnett. Mo.His remains was brought to pariaFriday evening and taken to his latehome on Stoner Avenue.Funeral services were held at theCatholic church Sunday afternoon at3 :30 o'clock and were conducted byRev. Father Eugene DeBruyn. Burialtook place in the Catholic cemetery.The pall bearers were. Henry Santen,Wm. Hukill, D. C. Parrish, M. J.Murphy, Wm. Remington, Jas. M.O'Brien, James Dempsey and R. K.McCarney.Health Exhibit Car to VisitParis.Attention is again called to theTraveling Health Exhibit Car which istouring Kentucky under the auspicesof the State association for .the studyof the cause and prevention of tuberculosis, and which will arrive in ParisThursday morning at 7:35 to remainon a siding near the passenger depot,until Sunday, August 27. The car,which is in charge of Mr. EugeneKrener, will be met by a committee ofour physicians, who, in co-operationwith the other members of the AntiTuberculosis League, will makearrangements for the demonstrationand for the illustrated free lectureThursday evening at eight o'clock atthe court house.Every 'man, woman and child in thecounty should visit the car some timeduring its three days' stay here, Jandget a clear understanding of Kentucky's most fatal disease, the GreatWhite Plague, and learn how to stopthe unnecessary waste of life which itentails.All this is free. No charge foradmission to the car or to 'the lecture.News o! Blue Grass LeaguePlayers.Pitcher Schneider, the Colt's starbox artist has been purchased by theLouisville Club of the AmericanAssociation. The deal was pulled offFriday and Schneider will report tothe colonels at the close of the BlueGrass League Sesason. Of late,Schneider has been nursing a sore armand his pitching has not been up to hisusual high standard, but when in formhe is perhaps the best right-bandpiicher in the league, with the possibleexception of French of Frankfort andHauser of Paris.It was announced Friday that theColumbus Club of the Ameican Association has purchased Pitchers Brownand Burden and Third-baseman Goosejtree of the Winchester Club. Burdenand Goosetree have been with theHustlers since the beginning of thesecond year Jof the Blue Grass Leagueand their work has been of high class.This is Brown's second year in theBlue Grass League, having come toWinchester from Vanderbilt Uni-jversity where he starred in both baseball and football . This season he hashit well over the .300 mark, playing inthe outfield while not in the box. Allthree of these men are ripe for fastercompany and are pretty sure to makegood. They will report at the end ofthe present senason.Pitcher Winchell star twiiler of theBnurbonites in 1910, has been sold tothe Cleveland Americans. Winchell,after leaving Paris, went to Daytonhis work this year had been such as toattract the attention of big leaguescouts and the husky sidewheeler is totry out with the Napsnext spring.Third Baseman, Rapp, of the Frankfort Club, has been sold to Paducah inhe Kitty League. Rapp has beenwith Frankfort since the beginning ofthe season and during the earlymonths played great ball for the Senators. Lately he was benched on account of his eratic fielding and nowManager Bohannon announces the deal; with Paducah. The price paid forKapp was 300.Manager Hogan Yancey, of theCotls, has received an offer from theAthletic Committee of the Universityof Rochester, N. Y., of the positiun ofcoach of the university's football teamthis fall and insisting that he take theposition. Manager Yancey declinedthe honor.Bacon Signs Tannehill.Preisdent J. W. Bacon, of the ParisBase Ball Club, announced yesterdaythat he had secured the signature ofJesse Tannehill. a former big leaguetwirler, to a contract to finish out theseason with Paris ai d he will ruporcto the club today at Maysville, Thisannouncement will have a reassuringeffect upon the fans of the success ofthe Bourbonites ?in the race for thesecond pennant and also the formerbig league pitcher will figure in theplay-oft with Winchester, should Pariscome out at the top ofjthe ladder.BASE BALL.FRiDAY.Pari3 .. 27 15 643Lexi'g'n 24 18 571M'ys'v'e 20 22 476Richm 'd 19 23 452Fr'nkf't 18 23 430Win'ster 17 25 405Parisook an easy contest from theHustlers Friday afternoon winning bya score of 5 to 2. Maxwell was out ofthe game on suspension and Shears,who hurled for the locals, was suffering from the effects of a sprainedankle. Mayer was in the game inspite of the injured fingers on histhrowing hand. The score:Winchester 00020000 02Paris , 0 10 0 12 10 x 5tji Batteries Winchester, Coleman andMeek ; Paris, Shears and Mayer. Hits-Winchester 6, Pans 10. 'ErrorsParis 4, Winchester 1 Earned runsParis 2. Two bate hits Chapman 2.Three base hits Goosetree. Base onballs off Coleman 4, off Shears 2.Struck out by Coleman 1, by Shears6. Left on bases Paris 9, WincheHter9. Double play Goosetree, to Reedto Lake. Wild pitch Shears. Firstbase onerrros Paris 1, Winchester 2.Hit by pitcher Laross. Stolen basesLaross, Meek. Sacrifice hits Lake,Goodman. Sarifice fly McKernan.Time 1 :35. Umpire Donald.SATURDAY.Paris .. 28 15 651 Richm 'd 20 23 465Lexi'g'n 26 18 591 Fr'nkf't 18 25 419M'ys'v'e 20 23 465 Win'ster 17 26 395The league leaders dpfeated Winchester in the latter city Saturdavafternoon in a well played game by ascore of 3 to 1. Burden was on themound for Winchester and allowedseven hits, while Scheneberg for Pariswas- touched up for eight. - Paris secured all of her scores in the third.Hauser singled, Scheneberg buntedand both were safe. Harrell sacrificedboth and McKernan flied out, Mayersingled and both runners scored onLaross' slow fieldfng of the ball. Barnett singled to center, scoring Mayer.Goodman flied cut.Winchester counted one in the eighthwhen Walsh singled, and took secondon iteea nit ana scorea later onGoosetree's safety to right. The fielding of Kuhlman wa3 one of thefeatures. The score :Paris 00300000 03Winchester 00000001 01Batteries Paris, Scheneberg andMayer; Winchester, Burden and Meek.Hits Paris 7, Winchester 8. ErrorsParis 1, Winchester 2. Earned runsWinchester 1. Two base hit Barnett.Base on bals off Scheneberg 2.Struck out by Scheneberg 1, by Burden 3. Time 1 :35. Umpire Moss.SUNDAY.Paris .. 30 15 667Lpxi'g'n 26 19 578M'y'sv'e 21 23 477Richm' d 20 24 455Fr'nkf't 19 25 432Win'ster 17 28 379Sunday afternoon at White Park theBourbonites took a brace of gamesfrom the tail-enders. The double billbrought out a large crowd to witnessthe games, the first which was won bya score of 5 to 0 and the second 7 to 2.iShears presided on the mound hiboth contests for the Boarbonites andduring the first round had the visitorscompletely at his mercy, allowing butfive hits, and held them without ascore.On this record McKernan sent nimin the second game, in which theHustlers found him for six safeties,which yielded two runs. Costly errorson the part Jof the visitors were responsible for sevearl of the runs secured by the locals.At no stage were the locals indanger although in the first frame ofthe second game they counted one runand took the lead which the McKernanmen quicly overcame in their halfwhen an error followed by three safedrives yielded three runs.Both Saunders and Platzer were hitfreely. The score:" First game.Winchester 0 0 0o 0 0 0 0 0-0Paris 0 0 0 2 0 0 3 0 x-5Batteries Winchester, Platzer andMeek; Paris, Shears and Mayer. HitsParis 9, Winchester 5. Errors Winchester 1, Paris 2. Earned runs Paris2. Two base hits Harrell, Goosetree.Three base hit Goodman. Struck outby Platzer 3, by Shears 6. Base onballs off Platzer 2. Stolen baseHauser. Wild pitch Platzer. Hit bypitcher Harrell, McKernan, Goodman. Left on bases Winchester 4.j Paris 6. Time 1 :40. Umpire Elgin.Second game.Winchester 1 0 0 0 0 .1 02Paris 3 0 2 0 2 0 x 7Batteries Winchester, Saunders andLaross; Paris, Shears andMayer.Hits Winchester 6, Paris 7. errorsParis 4, Winchester 5. Two base hitsMeek, Barnett. Bases on balls offSheais 1, off Saunders 1. Struck outby Saunders 2. Left on bases Paris2, Winchester 5. Double plays Laketo Goosetree, Kuhlnran toTime 1:10. Umpire Elgin,ancb 600.Barnett.Attend-MONDAY. IClever's error, McKernan's stall followed by Goodman's timely single gaveParis a close game yesterday afternoop, the locals winning by the scoreof 2 to 1. Both Hauser and Rominepitched excellent ball but the supportaccorded tne latter was ragged andfrequent errors on the part of thevisitors figured in the final outcome ofthe contest.The locals put up a pretty fieldinggame and after the first session thevisitors were unable to get a manaround and only once did they succeedin getting a man at the third stationand that was after two men had beenretired. Woodruff singled, went tosecond on a sacrifice and after Wileypopped to Barnett advanced to thirdon Beer's safety. Holder retired theside on an easy fly to Harrell.Hauser was very effective with menon bases and in five of the nine sessions the side was retired in orderHe was very successful in keeping hishits scattered when bases were occupied and during the nine .innings onlysix safe drives went up against him.The visitors opened up in the initialinning and counted their only run during the game. Langenham and Carmony hit into outa and Snyder singledto right. Woodruff smashed a qorkerinto right territory upon which Snydercrossed the rubber.The locals tied up the contest in thefourth after Mayer had died on a flyto Clever. Barnett singled to centerand went to third whefTWiley fumbledthe ball. Maxwell whiffed the windand Barnett came home on a pass ball.Goodman rolled to Clever.The winning run came in the eighthalthough in the filth Chapman reachedfirst on a single, pilfered second andanchored on third when Holder threwthe ball to center field. With only onedown ic was impossible to drive in therun so effective was Romine who'forced Hauser to lift an easy one toClever and Harrell clouted to Langenham. In the seventh Goodman wasnigged at the plate in a close play. Inthe eighth McKernan reached vfir3t onSnyder's f jmble stole second. Mayerand Barnett went out on flies andMaxwell drew a pass. Goodmansingled to right scoring McKernan.Kuhlman flied to Snyder. The score:Maysville 100000 00 01Paris 0 0 0 10 0 0 1 x-2Batteries Paria, Hauser and Mayer; Maysville, Romine and Holder.Hits Paris 7, Maysville 6. ErrorsParis 1, Maysville 5. Two base hitWoodruff. Base on balls off Hauser1, off Roimne 1. Struck out by Hauser 3, by Roimne 4. Left on basesMaysville 5, Paris 7. Stolen basesMcKernan, Chapman. Sacrifice hitClever. Double play Harrell to Barnett. Pass ball Holder. Time-1:30.Umpire McGloon. Attendance 300.Paris Team Playing Great Ball.At present he Paris team is putingup an excellent article of ball and inso doing is making rapid strides toward the second pennant. Up to lastnight the club had won exactly fourfifths of the games played at home,taking twenty out of a total oftwenty-five and of the total of twentyone played away from home have beensuccessful enough to come out thevictors in eleven and dropped ten totheir opponents.Today the Bourbonites will journeyto Mason county for a trio of gameswith the Rivermen, returning to ParisFriday for ta tilt with the Pioneersafter which there will be played athome only five games.In all probability Jesse Tannehill,who reports to McKernan today atMaysville will he on the mound forthe locals in the game here Fridayafternoon and the presence of thishurler, who began his career as apitcher in the old Blue Grass League,will beyond a doubt attract a largenumber to witness the contest.Maxwell Fined; SuspensionLilted.Pesident Wm. Neal yesteday announced his decision following the investigation of the assault committedupon Umpire Donald in this cityThursday of last week by OutfielderMaxwell, and as a result of which theParis outfielder has been out of thegame for several days. PresidentNeal went to Winchester Saturdaywhere he conducted the investigationand announced he would hand down hisdecision yestreday, which came in atelegram to Manager McKernan.President Neal entered a fine of $40against Maxwell for his conductagainst the umpire but suspended $25of that amount upon good behavior,and withdrew the supsenison. Maxwell occupied the left garden at WhitePark yesterday afternoon, the firstgame since the trouble 'occurred between he and Umpire Donald.Maffitt Returns to Cynthiani,Logan Maffitt, the Cynthiana bo y,who last week came up and helped theParis team by filling the positon ofcatcher during Mayer's enforced layoff with a bad hand, ha returned tohia home. Maffett, ny his good workbehind the bat and hitting helpedParis wonderfully in the games inwhich he played, and had it not beenfor his presence the home club wouldcertainly have suffered a great slump.Just at that time it was necessary tohave a good, reliable man to takeMayer's place and McKernan made awise move when he secured Maffett,who was at his best, and in the gamefrom start to finish.Wm. Tarr Estate Sues Assignee.L. E. Pearce, assignee of the asigned estate of William Tarr, whoseaffairs have been hanging fire in thecourts of , Fayette and Bourboncounties for many years, filed suit inthe Fayette Circuit Court Saturdayagainst J. W. Stoll aa administrator ofthe estate of W. P. Stoll, deceased ; J.W. Stoll and John G. Stoll as executors and trustees of the estate ofJames S. Stoll, deceased, and theSecurity Trust Company, Administrator de bonus non of James S.Stoll, deceased, for a settlement ofthe accounts of R. P. Stoll and JamesS. Stoll as assignees ofthe estate ofWilliam Tarr and to surcharge theaccounts of said assignees with thesum of $62,399.95Plaintiff says -that 'he has takencharge of the estate place1 in hishands as far as possible and that anexamination of the accounts showsthat the William Tarr Company wasand is indebted to the estate of WillimTarr in the sum of $60,210.91 fordebts paid hy the estate of the deceased for the company, the said assignorbeing security for the company in thatsum.The assignee further charges thatthe William Tarr Company on January1, 1897, issued bonds in the sum of$50,000 hich were purported to be forthe purpose or securing additionalloans but which were turned over toseveral old creditors and that the other two bonds were dipbosed of by theassignees.In his petition the plaintiff allegesthe sum of $10,000 charged by theassignees as an allowance was paidwithout an order of court, and that itwould have been an unreasonable andunjust amount for the services rendered is also charged in the petition,even though said services had beenrendered in a prudent and carefulmanagement, which plaintiff says wasnot given the estate, and he says thatno allowance is due them for theirservices because of their miscbr.ductand preferential acts in- the management of same.H. E. Ross, of Lexinpton, and C.A. McMillan, of Faris, are' attorneysfor the plaintiff.Street Railway EmployeesRelief AssociationNUALAt Blnegrass ParkThursday, Aug. 24th,22 Events! 65 Prizes!Having a Value of $800.00.BAND CONCERTBySaxton & Trost's Band all Afternoon.GRAND-DISPLAY OFFIREWORKSAfternoon and Evening.Dancing from 8 till 11 p. m.A Special Prize of $20 in Goldwill be given to the person holding the LTJCKYTICKET at the Pa.rk. Every person enteringthe Park will be entitled to a vote in this Contest Free.GRAND PRIZE WALTZ!at 10 p. m. Biggest Event of the Year. $23 in Cash, and Prizesvalued at $15, will be distributed among the Three Best Couples.EGG HUNTING CONTESTFoot Races, Pie Eating Contest, Sack Race, Three-Legged Race,,Apple Grabbing and Candy Eating Contest, Potato Race andGreased Pig.BASE BALL GAME AT 3 P. SLPrizes for the handsomest lady on the grounds, the oldest married' couple, the tallest man and the shortest man.Hound Trip from Paris, including Admission to Park,.85 Cents.FOLLOW THE CROWD. ONE GRAND TIME.?(CN.O.&T.P.Ry.)In Connection with.Southern Railway.TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1911Special Train leaves Lexington 9:00 p. m., consisting of Pullman Drawing Room Sleeping Cars, Pullman Observation Sleeping Cars and Modern Day Coaches, Electrically Lighted. Dining Cars serving all meals. 'EOW ROUND TRIP FARESLEXINGTON TOI LakeFinal Limit to Return Until September 27. .DIVERSE ROUTE Going direct and returning via Chattanooga(Lookout Mountain) or the reverse. $1.50 additional.LIBERAL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.For full information, booklet and sleeping car reservations, call onany ticket agent or writeH. C. KING, P. & T. A., W. A. BECKLER, Gen. Pass. Agent,141 E. Main Street, Ingalls Building,Lexington, Ky., Phone 49.m?fH) Bigger and Better Than Ever wniNINTHT nfiT7T7TT Tjljv 't' JLKySEPTEMBER 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 1911.-I'LL BE THERE ! WILL YOU?THRILLING FREE ACTS DAILY-RACING - - LIVE STOCK SHOW--FINEHORSES - - GOOD MUSIC--CLEANMIDWAY - EDUCATION--HEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MORE CLASSES AND LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information or catalogue write toPERRY M. SHY, Secretary,v ' No. 320 Paul Jones BuildingWvSPECIAL EXCURSIONTOAsheville, N. C."Land of the Sky," "Sapphire Country,"THE IDEAL VACATION SPOT.f Aslieville, r. c. $750 1Waynesville, N. C. ftKendersonYille, N. C. ) $s 5Toxaway, N. C. $0 50Cincinnati, OhiosaANNUALState Fairv 31 m A m A m Ammmt-;3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 22, 1911.I-4iliffl BOURBOHNEPERSONAL MENTION.Miss Mary Gorey is visiting Mrs.John Conway in Winchester. jMrs. M&ttie Lillestcn is visiting Daniels,Mrs. H.miureALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNOTICE.Owing to the draught thewater supply is getting lew.It is necessary to ask thatgreat economy be used inthe use of water, especiallywith hose.NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent.Judge Dimdoii Cbosen.At the meeting of the KentuckyElks Reunion Association held inL.ouisville last week, Judge DenisDundon, of Paris, was chosen as firstvice president The next meeting ofthe association will be held in Middlesbora. Fold's for Fall Footwear.False Alarm.The fire department was calle outearly Sunday morning in response toan alarm from Box 18, to the store ofH. Margolen on Main street. As ishis custom, Mr. Margolen was burninga disinfectant, and a passer-by seeinesmoke emitting from the doors andwindows turned in the alarm.Fire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland will open her private school on September 4 for classification. Work will beign September11. Number of pupils limited. Yourpatronage solicited. e 15 8tKentucky Ranking Third.According to statistics Kentucky isthe third state in internal revenue collections, having contributed $33,295,137.98Jfor the past year.Peaches, Peaches.Get busy for preserving.C. P. COOK & CO.Clarence Barbee, Harmon Turner,TJowmt R.on ffithian Wnrnlfl VTnriMS.! Sidney Ardery. Fay 'Ardery, Douglas , Promptninv finrl Arrimv. Lexington. Brooks IWoodford. Taylor Channlsr, Charlton Companies.Clay. Cassius Clav, John Clay, HoltWilliam Talbott, UcuglasD. Haynes in Fern Bank, OM0arett, Versailles, bam Aaair,i ruman raneb, win rveuuuy rciuu&u,Mrs. Lawrence Dickerson has re- jjuyh Fercuson, Rry Dejarnett, Duketurned f rem a visit in Cincinnati. I Brown, Winn Ljle, Ireland Davis,children ' Lyons Board and Dr. .Tones, Millets-b urg.with W.payingO. Hinton.non - uniontfANNOUNCEMENTS.Thompson Succeeds Dunn.Captain D. R. Thopmson, of Paris,succeeds Captain James Dunn as L. &N. conductor on the Maysville branchof the road, and Conductor R. iL.Manwaring succeeds Conductor Liuks,who was promoted to the Cincinnatiand Knoxville division.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfFirst National Gets Lease.The First National Bank of Parishas leased for a period of ten yearsthe banking room now occupied by itat the croner of Fourth and Mainstreets. The bank has purchased theproperty in the rear of its presentonices and will erect a building thereon in order to provide additional spacefor clercial work and for a directors'room. The improvements will becommenced in a few days.School Opening.Mrs. Lizzie Wakler will organize herschool Monday, Septembe 4. YTourpatronage solicited. 11 6tTrack Torn Up.Heavy blasting for the new doubletack of the L. & N. tore up a portionof the track in the cut East of Mt.Airy avenue Friday about noon and delayed the Cynthiana commuter trainfor several hours. The new track willbe considerably higher at this pointnecessitating raising both bridges overHouston and Stoner creeks fromeighteen inches to five feet.High Grade Tailoring.We are now ready with our new Fallimportations, and we are showingwhat we think tne most complete nneof foreign fabrics that can be obtained. This is the time for you to selectyour fall suits. You have more to pickfrom and it gives us more time tomake them up. We are makingclothes as good as can be made onearth, we employ the best talent thatcan be had, so why not let us makeyou a suit of clothes. Come in andlook at the new shades of blue andtaD' J. W. DAVIS & CO.Police Court.In Police Court Friday morningJudge January disposed of the following cases:James Robinson, rharged with disorderly conduct, was fined 7.50.Jersse Warren, charged with keepingVirxrc in the nitv limits, was fined S3.&0.WoH-v r.nnnineham. charged with!being drunk, was fined $7.50.Lum Hawkins, charged with disorderly conduct, dismissed.David Patterson, charged with keeping hogs in the city, was fined $7 50.Immense Stock Wall Paper.Big variety of wall paper to selectfrom, and it must be sold. Bargainsfor you.y J. T. HINTON.Mr?. B. F. Adcock andare visiting relatives in Winchester.Mrs. James Wills and son, Howard, are at Estill Springs for a week'sstay.Mr. B. M. Renick and son, Colempn, left Satuiday for Canada forrelief for the hay fever.Miss Bessie Holladay left yesterday to visit Mis. Harry Chambeis inLouisville.Dr. J. M. Lacock has returnedfrom a professicnal trip to Brnoksville. Mrs. M. F. Lydick. of Synth iana,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. J. O.Marshall in this city.Mr. and Mrs. 'Hugh Graigmylehave returned from a visit in Cynthiana. Mrs. Lucy Sprake attended thedistrict convention of the W. C. T. U.at Winchemster Thursday.Miss Dorothy Talhott, who hasbeen visiting in Lexington, has asher guest, Mrs. G. V. Shipp.Miss Christine Bramblette has returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs.C. C. Robbins, in Winchester.Mrs. Mary Worth and son, RichardWorth, have returned to Chicago aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. Ed Slattery.Miss Helen Hutchcratf is spendingthe week at Oil Springs, Montgomerycounty.Mis Anna Hennesy Letton andlittle aaughter, of Atlanta, Ga., arethe guests of Mrs. Camilla Wilson.5 Mrs. W. H. Anderson and MissJosie Alexander are at Torrent for afew weeks' stay.Mrs. N. F. Clark, who has beenisiting her son, Mr. Rogers Clark, inNicholasville, has returned home.Miss Nancy Webster, enroute toher home in Louisville after a visit inMt. Vernon, is the guest of Miss HelenDaugherty.Mrs. Thomas Herrin and littlegranddaughter, Miss Geraldine Herrin.have returned from a visit to relativesand friends in Carlisle.Dr and Mrs. Frank Fithian willentertain with a dancing party thisevening in honor-of their son, MasterGeorge White Fithian.Miss Mary Kenney leaves todayfor an extended trip to Buafflo,Niagara Falls and other points in. theEastMr. and Mrs. B. L. Swearengenleft yesterday for their home inDenver, Col., after a visit to relativesin this city.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Butler haverented the Anderson property on High,lately vacated by Mr. and Mrs. E. H.Brannon.Misses Mattie and Hettte Whaleyhave returned from a visit to their sister, Mrs. Hoffman Wood, in Mt Sterling. Mrs. Helen Forsyth, who recentlyunderwent an operation at a Lexington hospital has sufficiently recoveredto be brought home.Hon. and Mrs. Casisus M. Clayand sons, Cassius, Jr., and JohnHarris Clay, left Friday for a trip toAtlantic City.Misses Marguerite and LucilleMorris have as their guests MissesEmmie, Hatti and Bertha Scott, ofFrankfort, and Miss Maud McMillan,of Cynthiana.Mrs. T. M. Funk is in St. Paul,Minn., attending the National Association of Laundrymen, to which he is adelegate by virtue of his office asState Preisdent of the KentuckyAssociation." Mr. and Mrs. James Ware andlittle daughter of Pittsburg, Pa., areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Clark,on Fifteenth street. They arrived lastweek from Graham Springs, wherethey spent several days with Mr.Ware's mother, Mrs. Thompson Ware.Misses Martha and ViriginaSmith, of Indianapolis, daughters ofHon. John S. Simth, who 'have beenvisiting Miss. Patsy Clark and otherfriends in Bourbon, have gone toGeorgetown to visit Mrs. ClarenceWood, before returning home..Mr. John M. BremenOlympia for a short stay.- Mr. C. P. Cook is confined to hishome suffering from a boil on his neck.Mr. Ross Owens, ot Maysville,was a visiter in Paris Sunday.Mrs. W. W. Judy entertained atcards on Friday evening.--Mr. Graham Edgar, of Charlottesville, W. Va,, is the guest of hisparents, Col. and Mis. George Edgar.Miss Nellie Fithian will be able tobe brought home from St. Jospeh'sHospital Thursday.Assistant Postmaster C. 0. Wilmoth left yesterday for French Lick,Ind., for a week's stay.2 Mr. Leer Stout is able to be outafter a severe illness following astroke of paralysis.Messrs. James Coons and GuyOverby are at Cedarville, Mich, forseveral wekes' stay.Mr. Mat Thornton, of Cincinnati,is visiting his aunt, Mrs. Nellie Highland. Mr. and Mrs. Jordan, of Macon,Ga., are guests of Mr. and Mrs. W. G.MCclintock.Mr. Monroe Sweeney returnedSaturday after a three weeks' visit tohis brother, Dr. John D. Sweeney, inChicago.Mr. andMrs. George Alexanderhave returned from an extended tourof the New England States.Judge RuBsell Mann was able tobe out yesterday. He is rapidly gaining strength and rspeedily recoveringfrom his recent illness.Misses Katherine and Kitty Bell,of the county, who have been theguests of Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Goodwinin Maysville, have returned home.Mrs. Virgil D. Chandler and littledaughter, of Miami, Fla., are theguests of Mrs. W. H. H. Johnson onMt. Airy avenue.Miss Martha Ferguson entertainedSaturday evening at 500 in honor ofher guest, Miss Hanah Ferguson, ofGeorgteown.Mrs. Thompson Tarr entretainedlast evening with a dinner party inhonor of her guest, Miss MildredWhite, of Paris, Tenn.Mrs. Jesse Adams and Miss HelenCurtis have returned from a sixweeks' visit to Cleveland, 0., NiagaraFalls, Put-in-Bay and other points ofinterest.Misses Elizabeth Clay Alexanderand Marion Alexander have returnedfrom a two months' visit to Mrs.Arthur Hancock in Charlottesville, W.Va.Miss Anita Moore, of Harrodsburg, and Miss Elizabeth Ball, of Versailles, are the guests of their aunt,Mis. Charlton Alexander, at "Pinehurst" They will remain till afterthe Bourbon Fair.We are rmthnri7prl t.n nnnnnnnA flipfollowing gentlemen, whese namesappear below, as candidates for Couneilmen from their resneutive Wards.at i eub.itct t.n tho .finlinn nf iho Dcnin.cratic City Primary September 22,1911 :FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks.C. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton.C E. Butler.J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.Close your eyesand listento the great artists singing- onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. Victor-"Victrolas $75 to $250. 'B-!8S'H SHLawns, Wash Good:UTihirt Waists,Hosiery, Etc.New Fall GoodsWe are showing the prettiest line of Ginghams,Flanelettes, Kimona Qrepes, Outings and Madras.COME LOOK THEM OVER.immtW. Ed TuckeriFee's Cash-C "ioyeudis.For This WeekDaughertyBros.I White Salt Bacon, nice and 'lean strips. .'. . . .12 1-2 per lb"Japan Rice" (broken) : T per lb. 5c g& ' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder. per can 5c5 "Golden Gate" Apricots andPeackes, California W9 'pack, 2 1-2 lb. cans... 15c W? "Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- .' : . . .65cI "Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only ( : . . . .6(ta; IB O Unwi T nnnv Qnon - 9Kfr uriLa ijc;iivf. kjvjcxw xui .................--------- --w-.6 bars of Ivory Soap foe .-25C:Fresh Pies, Cakes and Bread daily;, . ..L.1 !.! H?C3pw f .-iX . 1( ,HBargains in Books.We have seventy-five books of thebest fiction in our circulating libraryto sell at twenty-five cents each.22 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr., entertained with an elegant reception Friday afternoon at her home on CaneKidce. There were about fifty ladiespresent and the occasion was thorough-, wPrfrn Found ftpadiy CllJUJCU. i. MVUUI.VU .. .w--.and entertaining cyI HAVE SOMEVERY SPECIAL PRICESClinton J. Barns Suicides.News was recieved yesterday afternoon from Georgetown to the effectthaat Clinton J. Barns, of that city,bad committed suicide at his home byshooting himself in the head. Noother details of thetragedy were obtainable. Mr. Barns came to Paris severalyears ago from Tazwell county, Va.,locating in Paris w.here he took up thepractice of law, which he continued forsome time and later embarked in thereal estate business.About a year ago he moved toGeorgetown where he engaged in themeat business being connected withMr. James Baldwin, also formerly ofParis. No reason can be assigned forthe sucide unless it was despondencyover ill health.Immediately upon receipt of thenews Mrs. Clarence Ashurst and MissRose Kenrdicks, relatives of the deceased and Dr. Wm. Kenney left forGeorgetown in an automobile.Mr. Barns is survived by two sistersand one brother, all of whom reside inVirginia. His remains wil be taken to-Tazwell, Va., for burial.TO OFFER YOU ONCarpets,MattingNear Track.ExParisian III.yathpr Thomas Major, pastor of theCatholic church in Frankfort, who hasbeen in feeble health fo severalmonths, is at the puint of death at hishome in that city and his physicianshave told bis relatives that there is nodance for him. He has had charge ofihe church at Frankfort for seventeenears. He was one of General Morn's boldest men during the CivilWar. was wounded, and nursed back tohfalth by sistera of charity. Theirc?re of hirn decjdpd him to study forthe pnc-lbf od. He ad charge of thechurch &t Winchester for severaljyre. He was born in 1844 in Paris.ed in receivingher sister. Miss Horton. of Mt. Sterling. The brilliant blossoms of thegolden glow were used in decoratingthe rooms, the sun pallor beingespecially attractive. A meat coursewith frozen punch and mints was served to the guests. Among those froma distance who attended the receptionwere: Mrs. Gay, of Winchester, Mrs.Carr6ll Hamitlon and Miss Horton, ofMt. Sterling, and Mrs. Richard Skillman, of North Midd letown.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. B. Arderyentertained at their home on SouthMain street Friday evening with a delightful dance in honor of their cousin,Miss Ellen Towles. The house asdecorated in the Smart Spt colorsgoldenglow, astors and lavenderstreamers. Delightful refreshmentsof punch, ices and individual cakeswere served Those present were:Misses Elizabeth Yerkes, FrancesHancock, Sallie Adair, Lillian Stolworthy, Cincinnati, Margaret Ardery,Augusta Rogers, Mary Mitchell Clay,Pmnp.P.s Clsv. Helen Desha, Elizabeth Crutcher. Nell Crutcher, Eleanor'Trpvis Danville, Mary Belle Wyatt,Belle Horton. Marin Talbott, MaryWoodford, Rachael Wiggins. MarthaFerguson. Lucille Dailey, Millersburg,Mattie Butler, Millersburg, prancesWillis, Lexington. Katie GrahamThompson and Daisy Hume, Lexing-! ton-i Messrs. Blair Varden, John Lncr,Lying beside the railroad track thebody of Ollie Reaick, aged 22 years ofthis city, was found by the train iorewof northbound passenger train Fiidaymorning a few miles south of Carlisle.Renick left Paris Thursday night forEwing, having returned that day fromParks Hill, where he had been actingin the capacity of waiter. The corunerof Nicholas county was notified andthe body taken to Carlisle. The coroner was unable to determine the causeof his death, whether he jumped fromthe train or was pushed off. Therewere two cuts on the head and oneover the eye. The body was broughtto Paris Friday afternoon.J- x""TJ?J I -Z-r--l '; I t r " '! I" I I I JJ tPr- .jjjfea i? (w ' ,. vd TVIBME3?WffK.. ilr . 1K2tA I '! l V - ? L -J ' r7lUiLYt m I I f1Per : zr Jgiczip K- J .-'O ' , , r' w F c-. ?9l9HEKt'lmi'vJki Kj l-t Vi i', v -- 'nUHHWIH-z&MfK -T "i " -V'j HH mW. nirt r7SS(S&W rail In n(13g M I MR ,jpgPfi i1 '-','.'rVr'i ;'Mrf'f' ""fy. . T'T" V tJtti M n . fnMBH-HJlBB1Come in and Get Them., WALL PAPER.Pulley Causes Small Fire.A pulley, which slipped en a shaftand rubbing against a post caused asmall fire at the grass seed cleaningplant of E. F. Spears & Sons on Thirdstreet yesterday 'morning. The firedepartment responded to a telephonealarm, but before they could get into !action the fire had been extinguished, jEmployes at the plant, by timelyaction and use of a hand chemical iextinguisher probably prevented an!ugly blaze. The damage was slight.Amateur Game Sunday.-The Paris second team will meet the'I will sell you LAWN and PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everbeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKS left at big cut in prices.Jka mMsmTikTT'OJSFCarlisleLeaguegames.team Sunday atternoon atPark in thb city in twoFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hintcresidence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286.VIS:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 22, 1911i.ijanj.jMiwz.Tit-iSJm &ijgA,uuriiM:u'nri'Avi..wn-v4r'STrr i' vim uin-miuniwI.,,,. - 4 -jl" jFop Hiccoughs.It is isaid that a teaspoontul or am vie of "anuiated sugar and vinegar will slop hiccoughs immediately.-Wor.an s National paijy.To Kcep Room Moist fcr the Piano,A fDo tuner told eorre frfends ofmiae that in a room .heated by a hotair turnace a big jardiniere should bekept full of water near the piano. Theh",T 'of $V piaxo Good H.useketjing Mag2z;oe.- '1Up to Each Individual. - .It is as impossible tor, a man to bcheated by any one hut himself as lor ja thing to ho and not to De sat tuesame time. EmersonWASTED ELOQUENCE.Hi aManitoba's Fish Industry.Fish from Lako Winnipeg are now; sent down south as far as MarylandMost of them are not white fish, hutcheaper grades. The fishing industryf ri 'cba : r-' " cr"' V to'Leit as a corar.:ercal assetiTHEThe Millersburg- Miiitaty Institute is located in the heart of the Blue;Grass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hot water heat and electric lights. Athleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit t on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms S3GO Per Scfoooll Veer for beard,tuition and general laundry."Write tT the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full ir.fonrat'un.- - Opens September 13.COL. C. IV! . BEST, PrlrecipagoMillersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.D-KacxsaommmmMmmMmmmmMmmmmTWIN BROS9mCiofclhiei Oeparfesrssit&3zWe are contiauiDg our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the opportunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines. Ave have made stillgreater reductionsWe Must Raise Money For Our New BuildingTwin BroLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department35L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.ETo.34134729104037312332625913838539830321431Traixis ,-A.rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 26 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.23 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 aCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , 7.38 aRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 aLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 aCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 aMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.02 aLexington, Ky,, Daily . 10.05 aCincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily " 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily -. 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.29 amLexington, Ky. , Daily 6 15 pmJacksonville, Fla.. Daily 6 27 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 1 10.17 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pmTrains IDe-psirtJtfo. TO'34 Cincinnati. O., Daily ' 5.33 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except kSunday 7.35 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 an:10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily - ,10.15 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 am6 Maysville, K., Daily .' n.52 am26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.35 pmaowjana, sy., uauy except Sunday 5.48 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.22 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily' Except Sundav i 6.25 nm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily '. 10.48 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily '. 10.50 pm3932138db o- Ba?i3aB;E3-,3?!jaIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains ArriveiAammmJtampmOne Great Speech Was WhottvLost on President Cleveland.Colonel Franklin Pierce Morgan 0Washington and New York never madebut one .great speech, and the story ofit is pathetic. His audience was Grover Cleveland, then president of theUnited States, and his purpose was tosecure a pardon for a murderer namedO'Neil. in whom the colonel had become interested.Til never forget that day," said thecolonel in telling about the incident."I had told Dan Lamont the day before that I intended to ask Clevelandto pardon O'Xeil, who was a creatureof the dark places at times, but a pretty good fellow at that. ClevV.and-hadtaken the precaution to send to the department of justice and get the papersin the case."I got up early the next morning,had a massage and was feeling tiptop.I got in to see Cleveland, and I spoketwenty minutes. Never in my life, before or since, hare I been as eloquentas I was pleading for that fellowO'Neil. The end of every sentence Iuttered brushed the edges off a cloud.I concluded my argument confidentthat I had swept the president off hisfeet." 'Mr. Morgan,' he said, 'is that allyou have to say on behalf of your'friend?'"Mind you, he said 'friend.'" 'Yes, Mr. President,' I said, 'I thinkthat's all.'" 'Mr. Morgan,' he replied, 'never aslong as I am in the White House shallthat consummate scoundrel consummate scoundrel, mind you get out ofthe penitentiary.'"What's the use of eloquence, anyhow?" concluded the colonel. BuffaloExpress.AW ARTIST OF NERVE.Remarkable Daring and Coolnoss Inan Alpine Accident.The architect Viollet le Due was oneday on the Schwarzenberg glacier ata height of about 9,000 feet, accompanied by Baptiste, the guide, whomarched in front. The twro men wereattached to each other by a rope, as isusual in Alpine mountaineering.The guide had passed over a crevasse,but wrhen M. Viollet le Due attemptedto cross it he failed and fell into theabyss. The guide tried to pull himout, but instead he found himselfgradually descending.The architect perceived that hiscompanion if he persisted in the attempt to save him would surely sharehis fate, and he asked if Baptiste hada family."A wife and children," was the answer. "Then," said Viollet le Due quietly,"I shall cut the rope."He did so and fell, but a block ofice thirty feet lower down stopped hisdescent When Baptiste saw this andthat for a time the danger was lessened he went in search of help and returned with four stout peasants. Threehours afterward Viollet le Due was extricated. In spite of his perilous position theruling passion was strong with theartist, for, although he was almost covered with icicles from the dripping water, he had contrived to make drawings of the novel effects he was ableto perceive.1 ttSB&&B&BNBBmSBB1 1 fl fi AFfl fi T 1 fill 11 1 IttS-IQUI 1 TIP LW A m W M J m si mM 111111 mm ft d 1 flrl jB B S m mt2 ; ENGINES ; " . .7 -AS. Types, of Ensilage and Feed Cutting Machinery. Pi Bourbon Garage&"SuppIy Co7 9H CT. . Cor. 4th and High Sis.-, Paris, Ky. f.Stewed Apples.To stew apples so each quarter isunbroken and so clear one can almostsee through it is an art, and yet it is asimple thing to do if one' only knowshow. Peel tart apples very thin, cutthem in quarters and remove the coresand seeds. As.fast as you can peel andquarter them drop the apples in asaucepan in which you have alreadyplaced cold water to the depth of twoinches. When the apples are all in. putthe saucepan over a slow fire, cover ittill the water reaches the boiling point,then remove the cover and let the apples simmer almost imperceptibly tillyou can pierce them easily with abroom splint; then sprinkle the sugarover them and let them just simmeruntil it is all melted. Remove thesaucepan from the fire and let it standwhere the apples will get cold beforeturning them into a dish for the table.Egyptian Smokers and Madness.An Egyptian smoker of hasheesh iseven a more helpless slave than theChinese opium fiend. He knows thatin the end he will become a madman,yet he rushes toward the awful goalwith unrelaxed speed. With thestrange exaltation which first comesto the smoker he feels himself floatingfrom cloud to cloud or alighting in thegardens of palaces all his own. Mostof the hasheesh which Egypt consumes comes from Greece. From thehusks of the hemp seeds and the tender hops of the hemp plant the Greeksmanufacture a greenish powder whosefumes bring the ecstasy its victimsdesire.Shapely Swedes.The Swedes are probably the tallestpeople in Europe and have on thewhole erect, handsome figures. Tosome extent this advantage is due tophysical exercise, for Swedish gymnastics are compulsory in the elementaryschools, and the system is much i:sedin other schools and colleges. Lon'donTelegraph.No. ; FROM2; Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda ....' 8.154 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday. . . 3 40o xKuiaviii kx .t-ia.ijii.i.uj.1, unity jixcpu ounaay .-. u.wl pm162 Louisville & Fr&nkfort, Sunday Only '. lO.OD'pmvi?o. ,' TO161 Frankfort& Xouisville, Sundav Only. . .v r 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sundav 7.43 am1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v 9.53 am3 J? ankfort, Ky, DaiiyExeeptL Sunday , 5.55 amNot Hail, but FarewellRaggles (cheerily) Good mornln'.boss. Farmer It wouldn't be "Goodmornin' " if I offered ye work. HagglesRight ye are, boss; den it ud bn"Good day." Boston Transcript.In riches disbonestlv oottia-Tw fh-heirs of the third- generation xshail nolrejoice. Solomon.-v: : "Great Waste of Oil.According to the American Machinist, it has been estimated that thereare lost annually more than a minimiand a half barrels of oil by the burn-mg oi on wells.WllMBHrrv.m&im,.4&7J..'iiV -i-k'Vk.Endures for Agesr.wmnfl l r r"-',"i''""-M:"'"'Since Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world lo-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for cur freeSuperior Catechism No. 33 ,Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.iWHWMII !! ! Ml !!! llllrTi IHIITTIT 1 fTl fm II ITM1WMmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmssaTWIN BROS.BepaHtssaent Store This Week:ApronsJlOc, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.TWIN BROS.,Two BigStores'jn One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky mMartin Bros,,Livery Men,HEighth'Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.""" It's not mndA for qtitt nno; i:,xwin not arm under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bittprp?f rnliinnJiIy. Perfect roofing. Amalgamate! ARCrnofoi n au4U"ara ana takes the same insurance rate as slate nr I. AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, m.T IParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.very body Wauls a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give Yon Free Estimates4We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show yemour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such a&oes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.3.1 S teL-BJHEkPT WWT'iIncorporated. &i& Sfl H f&iT8f8lH&fi&H&V-fcnaljYard'at Office,l&h and Main Sts.!,s- "Home Phoned 2;. E.T. 530PARIS, KY,THE BOURBON UNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST22,1911.aCIgg&ESSSHappy the girl, or woman, who lias never suffered fromany of ihQ diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands. It should do the same for you.TAKEMrs. Mary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and' reliable. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 56MMiHSiaxxrtzTTjDR.DOLLE3INSTITUTEWhere MEN are CURED.LET ME CURE Y0U1FINESTEQUIPPCD INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, HO PAY,FAMOUS FOB 20 TEAKS.Difficult Surgical Operations performedwith skill and Buccess when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGESOf amy Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cared,XOTJK MEN ANO ALIi MESf , COME.13 1 1 C C PERMANENT CUBE, withouttr I EaiEaO the knife. One treatment cures.VARICOCELENO KNIFE. Cured InOne Treatment.Stricture, Etc. Curedtjr 1 K3KL E by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Bells, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys, Bladder and Profttatctiland, Rheumatism, Nerrous Troubles.UVnDftPCI ST Cured In One Visit. NotllUKUuCLEi knife. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the""DollePlan" of not one dollar to be paid unlesscured. Setter come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for Gl pace Book Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any. discouraged man. BookBent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with Bacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so, that 1 can write you justwhat is needed in your caso.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.Cured by the fvterve; of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested fo30 years.Drives out blood prison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT F R E E.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucusnotoVioo hrmp -njnns. offensive nimnlesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (Botanic JBlood Balm.) All svmpthoms heal.quicklv. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, neaiuiy condition, nemmg every sore and storing all aches ,nains and ltcninir. CUl'lllC the WOlStnains and ltcnmir, curingcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, L per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Biooi Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Sonfcj ISRECIALISTI hiI usF 2 i23l' 1ZF fa 8WALTER M WOODNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every graingrowing: country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare : lightness of draft:handiness of operation;MADE BYdurability of construction; ability to do perfect work in any kindof grain; accuracy andTRUSTsuce work of knotter:absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, anfinow give it itszmost successfulone a finder thatjYerkes &,amesestSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Colline, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.8S2&&SS3SSE3aS3noiincemeniI have located in Paris for the purpose ofconducting a generalCorotracfcingandELgild!iCT Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, :,and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on Bhortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.Dr. Win. Kenney,PAttIS, KENTUCKY.Office 5U Main Street.Office Phones j gg,.E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 331.kA iflkj-f a fftf'e NotlCfiAUillUiiJll aiOl 3 UUIU?.All parsons "having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, de-accrding to law and filed with theI , . r j :;i.m Ti,n,0undersigned administrator. I hoseknowing themselves indented to Jsaidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youAour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Thm BeatYat"I W wi ItC3 i EliI niiiiiiuiwwiwiiniii lira Bum "mzzMPritchard.Sessional CardsX J. WIITAMS,J . ATTORNEY-AT-L AW ;.Room 1 Elks Building.joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co,Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST, NUp StairsOver Yarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DR. A. B KELIjEK,Practicing Physician,OfficesRooms 4. and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waitsto wait on theYou are next.M. A. KAHAL.Merman,BRICKSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St. , Thones386.Tortured for Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble thatbaffled doctor, and resisted all remedieshe tried, John W. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble. " Just as good for the' liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.History.What is history but a registry ofthe successes and disappointments, thevices, the follies, the quarrels, ofthose who engage in contention forpower? Paley.Protection for Timber.Timber is protected from dry rotand insect attacks by boiling it andallowing it to cool in and absorb asaccharine solution by a new processthat comes from Australia,Men.All men are born lazy, but In somaof .them the sense of shame is strongenough to oyercjome it. Chicago Record-Herald.Long-Distance Telephoning.It is now possible to telephone fromLondon, to St Petersburg, a distanceof 850 miles.Point of Wisdom.Don't spend your money first andcount the cost afterward. You mayexperience unpleasant surprises.WASH THAT ITCH AW6YIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. Ye assure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.nnk EangbornPHILIPPINE VOLCANOES.Mayon Is the Most Famous, and theTaal Comes Next.The most famous Philippine volcanound one of the finest volcano cones inthe world is that of Mayon. ' Its heightis 8,970 feet, and the volcano is visibleat a great distance. Since 17GG recordshave been kept of its eruptions. Inthat year many plantations and villages were buried under a stream oflava which flowed down its easternslope. About 1,200 lives were lost inthe eruption of 1S14, which buried thecountry around a part of the base ofMayon under the outpourings of lavaand dust. A similar calamity in 1S25destroyed the lives at about 1,500 persons. In the nineteenth century therewere a number of severe eruptions, including one in 18S6-7 which contitfuedabout nine months. An eruption in1897 killed SoO persons and destroyedmuch property. Twenty-two violenteruptions of this volcano are on record.Next to Mayon the Tan I volcano isthe most remarkable. It is on an island in the lake of Bombon. and the island, built up by its outpourings, hasan area of 220 square miles. The volcano is incessantly ejecting dust andvapor from its crater. Taal as well asMayon has been the center of numerous destructive earthquakes, but novery great eruption has occurred since1S64, when four villages around themountain were completely destroyed.LENGTHY VISITS.'The Unstinted Hospitality of Old Virginia. Virginia hospitality is a byword.The old time country house, says Mrs.Roger A. Pryor in "My Day," -wasbuilt of elastic material, capable ofsheltering any number of guests, manyof whom remained all summer. Indeed, this was expected of them."My dear sir," said the genial master of Westover to a departiug guestwho had sought shelter from a rainstorm, "my dear sir, do stay and payus a visit."The guest pleaded business that forbade his compliance."Well, well," said Major Drewry, "ifyou can't pay us a visit come for twoor three weeks at least.""Week ends" were unknown in Virginia, and equally out of the questionan invitation limited by the host toprescribed days and hours. Sometimes a happy guest would ignore timealtogether and stay along from seasonto season. I cannot remember a parallel case to that of Isaac Watts, who,invited by Sir Thomas Abney to spenda night at Stoke Newington, acceptedwith great cheerfulness and stayed therest of his life, nearly forty years, butI do remember that an invitation forone night brought to a member of ourfamily a pleasant couple who remainedfor years. vMozart's Musical Memory.3ozart had a wonderfuL memory ofmusical sounds. When only fourteenyears of age he went to Rome to assist in the solemnities of holy week.Immediately after his arrival he wentto the Sistine chapel to hear the famous "Miserere" of Allegri. Beingaware that it was forbidden to take orgive a copy of this renowned piece ofmusic, Mozart placed himself in a corner and gave the strictest attention tothe music and on leaving the churchnoted down the entire piece. A fewdays afterward he heard it a secondtime and. following the music with hisown copy in his hand, satisfied himselfof the fidelity of his memory. Thenext day he sang the "Miserere" at aconcert, accompanying himself on theharpsichord, and the performance produced such a sensation in Rome thatPope Clement XIV. requested that thismusical prodigy should be presentedto him at once.Picturing the Face."Why do you photographers alwaysphotograph the left side of the faceby preference?""Because it's the best looking," wasthe prompt reply. "The left side ofthe face is always the more regular,and it always shows least the marksof time."But." he continued, "if you wantto bring out the real character of aface photograph the right side. Therenature sets her print. There the linesare bold and unmistakable. Thereevery defect, .no less than every excellence, is stamped deep."The left side, where everything issoftened down, for beauty. The rightside, where everything is well rubbedin, for character. Those are the portrait artist's two chief rules." NewYork Tribune.Mer Importance.TJerbert Spencer once told this storyof a woman of his acquaintance: "Vainas well as vulgar minded, she professed to have a high admiration of Shakespeare and was partial to reading hisplays aloud and considered that shedeclaimed the speeches extremely well.On one occasion, after enlarging uponher reverence for him. she ended bysaying: 'Ah, I often wish that he werenlive and that I had him here. Howwe would enjoy one another's conversation!'" Sure to Know."T understand that you have boughtsome remarkably expensive gowns hereIn Paris.""Yes, but what's the use? Few people know whether a gown is really expensive or not""Wait until you reach the custom:Inspectors." Pittsburg PostSome men do not make fortunes forthe sake of living, but. blinded bvavarice, live for the sake of moneygetting. Juvenal. -FREE FOR STOMACH AND BOWELSWe are in receipt of letters fromMrs. Eya Gaskins, 304 Madison St.,Topeka, Kan., and Mr. P.. H. Gavellas, Wagoner, Okla., as well as manyothers, telling about the wonderful results they have secured in the cure oftheir stomach and liver troubles bythe use of Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. This remedy, as all readers doubtless know, has been before the publicfor a generation and is now beingmore extensively used than any otherremedy for stomach, liver and bowelcomplaints. According to reliable testimony, It seems to be a very quickand lasting cure for constipation, indigestion and dyspepsia, liver trouble,biliousness, headaches, sour stomach, gas on the stomach, drowsinessafter eating and similar disorders. Itis a liquid with tonic effect, and soA Spoil-Sport.A Kansas City man has invented anaeroplanp which, he says, cannot fall.If this is true he's apt to take all thefun out of flying.I Virain Soil Awaits Settlers.It is claimed that there are in thenorthern part of British Columbia amillion acres of virgin soil awaitingthe advent of up-to-date fruit growers.Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Eheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W Allen ..Gaffney. S. C.says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T, Brooks, Agent.arsoieii s.Fresh4fFishiis WeekMargoleoParis, Ky.EmmmIjm1M9 WYOVcTRYBlo o;pillKa WTHEV0RU33HW FOR THE CUBE OP ALL Yi J "A IT OBEXES ARBINOFSOS t1 W GIVES NEW LIFE ANDK 1 STRENGTH TO ELDERLY I". 'A 'K ' , A BboAM w3 aw Ac nert lrt.iiU I .-' V" I omJKIDNEY.UVHl..iBLAD. I!t, ft DERDBIASHJ. CATARRH. Jif I J"V TSTHMA. SVf WJj fjl coot, la mvencptutim MSll SUM7TWN. DYSPEPSIA. fl Wlfi' CONSTIPATION. HEART'II fDISEASE. HAL ARIA. 4g!i, Jml NERVOUS DBaiTY.. fTiTl ST VITUS DAHtWtfc tf I Willi kIprnfcsS ''A THE BLOODINE C0,2f1 llil'U km BOSTOM. MASS. W MAV J HEW YORK. il BEaUxX I I I TfVX &A&S!O0-' lrfBlt M0"lREAL. ' BLl 1 1mild and gentle ins action that a childas .well as a grown person can take itrvin' fact, it has no equal for children,women and old people.It arouses the flow of gastric juice,and by a peculiar action trains thestomach and bowel muscles to againdo their 'work naturally, and in timemedicines of all kinds can be dispensed with. A free sample bottlecan be had for trial by sending youraddress to the doctor, for in thisway Mrs. Gaskinds, Mr. Gavellas andmany others first learned of the curevLater, when satisfied it is the remedyyou need, do as others are doing andbuy it of your druggist at fifty centsand one dollar a bottle. ,For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, III.Follyof Anger.Consider how few things are worthyof anger, and you will wonder .thatany but fools should be in wrath.Wife Got Tip Top Advice.My wTife wanted me to take onrboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil,'' writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,Okla. 44I said 'put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it.' She did so.and it curedthe boil in a short time.7 Quickesthealer of burns, scalds, cuts, corns.' bruises, sprains, swellings. Best pile' cure on earth. Try it. Only 25c afcOberdorfer's.Zv ZOs. r it ifrjftrnc'j?VStfSs' 3!.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing,A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartnillinery.We have made extra effort9chis season to reach the idea ofjvery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.BloodineCoughCheckerLoosens the phlegm iimmediately and per- jmanently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and 81.00 a bottle.Mrs. HarrletteWellsAlIen.Gaffney.S.C.says: ;Its tae tirsl medicine that has done roe much good.kB . UVUUt T V.ttJ J WM JUW. T. Brooks, Agent..!dineJWelKnowBLOODINEWHIHaIoYmiTo Regain Your Strength1 ""Mid Energy.Bepart of thd Hd Phytic! Mia Leading New York Hospital, on the Cure of Cattrrh"A few years ago we considered thafcwe were doing well if we curecitenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction ot"Bloodine' ' into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the caseiof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the large in-r'testines. Catarrh of the Larynx, PelTiaCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, tndc'Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanent: relief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builder!and blood maker; it is the best remed jJknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood, and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body.i' FREE . To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODEtfE we will maillarge sample bottle for 10 centi in Uhver or stamps for postage.WAV A4? xi r r r iAddress, The Bloodies CobpobatioNi Boston, Maat.W. T. Brooxr, Agent' - v l-.7s1v tmETBUXIKBurht. yv s;nra.Kia, kilinxgki,- AX3Z0Saj!Nil;' 'l1111.'J"1''.il K4 'tf i(ii. 1 1,i' 'i i,hiur!!H'jMrwMJ! .J I Ca-13 ,fisMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Ht3. R. S. Sanders continues quiteHI.Mrs. E. M. Neal is thought to be. some better., 'Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Marshall leftFriday for a tour of the East.Mrs. Isac Brown and son, Thomas,re visiting in Buffalo, N. Y.Mrs. Alex Hawes has returned fromChicago.' Mr. arfd Mrs. P. F. Hurst spentTiiday the guest of relatives at Elizavjlle. Mrs. W. A. Munzing, of Maysville.as the guest of her mother, Mrs.Martha Vimont, and family.Miss Judith Beeding, of Covington,as the guest of her sister, Mrs. S. H.JEndicstt.Mr. Joe W. Mock returned Fridaysfter a weeks visit to relatives atCarr's Landing.Mrs. C. M. Best returned Thursdaynight after a three weeks' visit torelatives at Philadelphia.Mrs. Margaret Mitchell left Wednesday for a two weeks' visit utofriends at Moorefild.Miss Mary Belle Baird, of Sharpsburg, is the guest of her cousin, MissNancy Whaley.Mr. Waller Allen spent a few dayslast week the guest of his brother, Mr.J. G. Allen.Mrs. Hattie Bassett, of Mt. Sterling, arrivpd Thursday night as theguest of her sister, Mrs. J. J. Peed.Miss Agnes Waddell returned Thursday evening after a month'3 visit toher grandfather at Cox's Creek.Mrs W. H. Herring, of CrockettsBluff. Ark., arrived Thursday as theguest of her sister, Mrs. D. P. Jones.Miss Frances Burroughs entretaineda number of friends at her home neartown Vednes5ay evening.Miss Olive Fisher left Thursdaymorning for a visit to friends atBattle Creek, Mich.Mr. Wm. H. Spencer and wife ofIndianapolis, Ind.f are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Robert Wilson." The remains of Mrs. Lucinda Tol"bert, who died of heart trouble at herhome near town Thursday morning,were intered in the Millerbsurg cemetery Saturday afternoon.Mr. R. M. Caldwell left Thursdayfor a two week3' visit to relatives atvTon fifth ?Afe Qf,,. cn All vi,Saturday, August 26,YOU WILLIf You Want to Secure Some of the Great BargainsWe Are Offering While Our GreatJUark-Bown Sale !Is in full blast. We have marked down our entire stockof Summer Shoes and Oxfords for a quick clearance tomake room for our stock of Fall Shoes now arriving.including all1 jeahwD336 Main StreetANCome to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is onand save the difference.LContinental, O. The news work forthe4Bourbon News will be in charge ofMrs. Aaron McConnell during hisabsence. All persons having newsitems or advertising will sail Homephone 95 or comunicate same to MissEthel Collins.Mr. A. B. Hawes, of Chicago, is theguest of his mother for two weeks.Miss Carrie Peed returned Saturdayevening from Lexington where shehas been for the past week.Mr. Russell Caldwell, who has beenvisiting his aunt, Mrs. John Leer, ,hasreturned to his heme at Mayalick.Mrs. C. D. Tacktt and children,who have been camping with relativesnear Owingsville for the past month,returned Saturday morning.Misses Ethel Johnson and MyraBooth tare guests Df Miss AldoraChambers at Sardis and will take inthe Germantown fair.Miss Coleman, who has been theguest of Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Mclntyre, lett Saturday for her home tatHawkinsvilleJMiss.Rev. O. B. Crockett and MissesGladys and Amelia Hurst were recentguests of Miss Margaret Peterson ather country home,j"rhe Walnuts."Mrs W.C V. Huffman and son, Richard, left Thursday for a two weeks'visit to relatives in Covington andpoints in Indiana.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnellspent Sunday and Monday as theguests of relatives at Mt. Olivetwhere Mr. McConnell fits glasses everycourt day.The tobacco barn of Mrs. J. H.Thome, j near town, burned Fridayrasrning with all Jits contents. Aoout10,000 pounds of tobacco and severaltons of hay were destroyed.School Opening.E. M. Costello's school, Paris Academy, will open Monday, September 4.Thorough training and conscientiouswork in English, Mathematics, theClassics, English Literature and History. Number pupils limited.aug 8 22 sep 1Campaign Funds Must be Public.President Taf t Saturday sicrned thepublicity bill. The bill ;requirespublicity of all campaign funds before' election and extends publicity featuresto primarycampaigns and nominatingJ conventions. It limits the amountscandidates may spend to $5,000 forHouse aspirants and $10,000 forSenatorial candidates. They are alsorequired to make public all pledges ofpolitical appointments.Red Letter Day.nmmmicfflEJPI W niHURRYALLJiWalk-Over Oxfordseathers andat cutprices.Afc The Big Electric Sign.nenow wmieof sizes is still goodthe styles of the best.Biennial Reunion.The Lair descendants Thursday heldtheir biennial reunion at the ancestralhome of Charles Lair, near Lair,Harrison county. One hundred andfifty were in attendance The welcome address wad delivered by JudgeW. T. Lafferty, Dean of the jLawSchool of the State University, Lexington. The repsonse was by CharlesHull, of Conner3ville, Ind., and theinvocation by Rev. J. .N. Briney, ofLouisville.The historian of the rLair Association, Mrs. W. T. Lafferty, of Lexington, read a very interesting paper onthe Lair family history of the eldRuddles fort, which was one of theearliest forts built in Kentucky, anddestroyed by Colonel Byid in 1780.The officers of the Lair Asscoiationare Mrs. Richard Johnson, of Richmond, President; Isaac Newton Lair,of Wilmington, Ohio, Treasurer, andMiss Eliza Lair, of Cynthiana, Recording Secretary.Mrs. Mollie Lair and daughters,Miss Ethel, of Paris, and kMrs. FrankWright and children of Winchester,attended the reunion.A Meal in a Moment.Bouillon Cubes, a most'delieious andsustaining beef drink. Improvessoups, gravies, etc.22 2t BRAMBLETTE & TARR.AUTOMOBILING WITH PAY.PLEASANT WORKGOOD SALARIESChauffeurs and garage men in greatdemand. More cars sold in 1911, sofar,;than in any previous year, and1912 models are now being delivered.Trained men are wanted. More than150 men '(including 13 regular members of Cincinnati Police Department)have completed our course this summer. Chauffeurs earn from $60 to$125 a month. Next 5-weeks' classstartB soon. Write today for booklet,"Automobiling With Pay," Y. M. C.A. Automobile School, 707 Walnut,Cincinnati, O.iioC. n, C4.TOstyleParis, Kentucky.rangeCl.tjIT I'M ! llliailMl n iPi rwu-.mn..p, 1 1 WWW f9MElection Board Called.Chairman Napier Adams 'of theState Election Commission. issed acalf Saturday for a meeting of theCommission Saturday, August 26 atten a. m., to appoint the county election commissioners for all uthe counties.Sweet Potatoes.Genuine Mersey sweetSauer's grocery.potatoes at22 2tOldest Pellagra Patient.Christopher Lickliter, 70 years old,of Laurel county, an inmate of theLexington asylum, is the oldest manin Kentucky suffering from pellagra,and it was from this dread diseasethat his mind became weakened andhe was adjudged insane by the Laurelcounty court recently.Seed Wheat and Seed Rye.See us before buying your seedwheat and seed rye.22 4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESTotal receipts of live stock on theChicago market for the week endingAugust 12 were 51,300 cattle, 104,100hogs and 89,100 sheep. The week'sreceipts, compared with the previousweek, in round fnumbers decreased7,800 cattie, 13,100 hogs and 300 sheep.Compared with the corresponding timelast year cattle decreased 16,800, hogsincreased 13,600 and sheep decreased42,200.J. W. Bales shipped last weekfrom Richmond three carloads of export cattle at $6 per hundreJ, averaging 1,400 pounds.Close Prices on Wall Paper.I am making some specially closeprices on wall paper.J. T. HINTON.Girl Falls from Ferris Wheel.When a bolt in the seat of a ferriswheel broke, in which she was ridingat the Ewing fair Friday afternoon,Miss Mary Dowell Ray, of Oakwood,Ky., fell to the ground, forty feet I below, m and received injuries thatprobably will prove fatal. Miss Rayfell on her back and shoulders.and onecollar bone was fractured, also she received internal injuries.Rags, Carpets and Matting.Low prices on rugs, wall paper,mattings and carpels at J.T. Hmton's.Bourbon County Crop ConditionsCrop conditions have somewhat improved in Bourbon county, as a resultof copious showers of the past twoweeks and while a great quantity ofwater is yet needed to replenish thestreams and pools, and to thoroughlydrench the soil, the situation showsmuch improvement and more corn andtobacco will be brought forth atharvest time than was at first anticipated. B With pastures greening up, the prospect for fall grazing is encouragingand farmers are taking a more rosyview of the situation. &&Hte&'i&,Bourbon cattle producers havebeenhard hit and the 1911 season of drouthand scarcity of feed will long bemembered. "&Mre-Fall plowing is in progress and thesoil, where it has bpen benefitted byrains, is turning up loose and mellowand will make a good seed bed whenrye and wheat is cast over the groundby hand and drill.Many fields of tobacco are growineout better than it was thoughtpossible, owing to a lack of moisture,and some farmers will have excellentyield. The great bulk of the crop,however, is short and the total production of the county it is believedwill be only about half of an averagecrop atjd owing to the light yield corncutters will not make the good pricespaid one year ago for cutting cum.Home Grown Peaches.The finest home grown peaches ycuever tasted.22 2t SAUER.Life Saved at Death's Door."I never felt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me down to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatmsnt for two years. My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am aiive today is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now 1 weigh187 'pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on erth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c and1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.GOParis People Can Tell You WhyIt is So.Doan's Kidney Pills cure the causeof the disease, and that is why thecures are lasting. This rempdvstrengthens ana tones up the kidne? s,helping them to drive out of the brdythe liquid poisons that cause backf che,headache and distressing kidneys andurinaiy cotrplamts. Paris peopletestify to permanent curesMrs. J. W. Hilfman, 115 N. Mainstreet, Paris Kv., siys: "I gladlycorroborate the public staiement Igave in 1905 in which 1 made the factknown that I bad used Doan's KidneyPills with satisfactory results. 1 hadsharp pains across tnv back and kidneys and at times felt so miserablethat 1 could hardly attend to my work.Headaches and dizzy spells were alsocomon. Doan's Kidney Pills removedall these symptoms cf disordered kidnejs and I never had a return attack "Fbr sale by all dealers. Price 50cents,. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStatts.Remember ihs name Doan's andtake no other.UK!One LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6$3.50Call while weGeo. M'No more tickets given onaMurVSXir-mTJKBift r-tj:r- f-snigggBgrffgitfst(AUTOMOBILING WITH PAY"i2NPLEASANT WORK-GOOD SALARIESChauffers and garage men in great demand. More cars sold in 1911so far, than m any previous year, and 1912 models are now beine being delivered. TRAINED MEN are wanted. More than 150 men (including 18 regular members of Cincinnati Police Depfe.) have completedour course this Summer. Chauffeurs earn from $60 to 5125 a month.bi?m W"th P ClaSS StartS S0n Wldte to"day for booklet, "Automo-Y. M. C. A. Automobile School,nV.1-4On All Men's andBoy's SuitBennie WeissberHome For Better Clothes.Sineer Buifdinpj PARIS. - .(nOur Line ofver is VeryJist theESV1EMBER THIThe "House of Quality" .only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set!.SHIRE & FiTHIAN, Jewelers,"The HouseBoth Phones.Close Out athave your sizel,MH l7raffle until further notice-707 Walnnt;. CJinoinTiafi nJtmfOFFi.oe- . Main StrootKENTUCKYnSterling SilComplete.thing forof Oualifv "W JJjflB Hfln flH t 9?9nHE9DBBi HHDI hkhbbm ambh, LJV