THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERT TTTESDA.T AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1911IION ACCOUNT OF THESpecial Nine-Days' SaleBEGINNINGItlLKDAi,NOV.We will discontinue the Semi-WeeklySpecials, until the Sale Closes,Saturday, November 18th.SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREPans, KentuckyLmssmNow Is The Time toLay in Your Win-1ter Supply of Gro-$ceries.14 lbs. Granulated Sugar ! .. $1.00 W(9 Bars Lenox Soap 25cFull at. canKaro Svrun 10c3 Boxes Argo Stach.... .. .. 10c MtiPicnic Hams, per lb lie WPure Hog Lard, per lb 1,2c fjfjGood Cooking Apples 20c pk. or $1.75 bbl. JTW5 gal. best Coal Oil 45c ifaFell Beneath Train.tt& CHHHHHP JMMWMMafc -t-f--- JPla S'ro'S SHWm LJohn Dodge, an engineer on theLouivsille and Nasvhiilo railroad wasrun over and killed Sunday afternoonabout 12:30 o'clock at Shawhan, fivemiles from Paris, when he fell beneatha moving train from which he wasalighting. His body was horriblymangled.Dodge was in charge of freight trainsscund No. 50 which had stopped atShawhan for orders. Train No. 43 also stopped at Shawhan for orders, andDodge after receiving!his orders jumped on the engine of 43 to ride to hisown engine which was a short distanceaway. In getting off he slipped andfell jbeneath the moving locomotive,the tender of the engine passing overhis body and dragging it for some distance. His mangled remains were broughtto Paris at 2:30 o'clock and taken tothe undertaking establishment of Geo.W. Davis where they were preparedfor burial and sent to his home in Covington Sunday night. Dodge is survived by a wife and several children.Feld's flood Shoes.At David Feld's you get the bestvariety of shoes. 6 tfPostal Savings.Under the Postal Savings SystemPostmaster General Frank H. Hitchcock has issued circulars containingmuch valuable information concerningPostal Savings Bonds which aro to beissued January 1, 1912. These circulars may be obtained in Paris at thepostoffice by anyone interested. Depositor of the Postal Savings Systemmay exchange the whole or a part oftheir deposits on January 1, 1912, forUnited States registered or couponbonds in noimnations of $20, 100 and$500, bearing interest at the rate of 21-2 per cent per annum, payable semiannually, and redeemable at the pleasure of the United States after oneyear from the date in United Statesgold coin. Postal Savings bonds areexempt from all taxes or duties of theUnited States, as well as from taxation in any form by or under Statemunicipal or local authorities.GrowersWill AskAid.McCreary'sUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack.'. 2.75T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,New life has been imparted to thetobacco grower in Kentucky since theelection of James B. McCreary forGovernor. The growers have thepromisp of the Governor elect that hewill help them right the wrcngs donethem. In a letter to the tobacco growers Mr. McCreary promised to aid thetobacco growers in every way to passsuch legislation as will be necessary toprotect them and enforce the lajvagainst the Tobacco Trust. With thispromise direct from the Governorelect there will be several measuresdrawn up and submitted to him beforethe Legislature meets with the requestthat he submit the one he thinks bestto the Legislature along with his message, for unless something is done toaid the grower the tobacco crop willbe greatly reduced in acreage in thjsstate next season. As Mr. McCrearyhas stated since his election that hewould endeavor to carry out his campaign pledges much is expected fromhim in assistance from the tobaccogrowers.i "WEwm imffiSNKNOW MOW "VERC0ATSOvercoat Time Is Here And AsThey say on Wall Street, "We Are Long on Coatsat a Short Price." $10, $12.50 and $15 will buyn All-Wool Overcoat cut 52 and 24 inches long,made with the Verto Collar, Single - or DoubleBreasted, Belted Backs or Plain, cut good and full,just the kind that you want when the cold blast ofWinter begins to blow. These coats we are making leaders of, and if you will stop in our store andtry a few of these coats on you will be convincedof our statement. Our personal guarantee withevery coat sold. Take a look at the window andnotice a few of the patterns which wejarelshowingin this strong line of Overcoats.$Stetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, Guaranteed PatentLeather Shoes for Men. Look?us up. .MlitcheK & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyia:pm .MSmHli$$Eiiijmiiiii!iii;j!Liunmj iinjiHiuiHiiiiuuiniiiiiiHiiiiiiuiiiJiiuiiiiununiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiuMiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiuiitiiiiiirsFor the Cool Nights.Stop in and see our new line of comforts just received. All kinds at allkinds of prices. Don't buy comfortsuntil you see our stock. We can saVeyou money.J. T. HINTON.-Whitman's Candies.i JNew stock ot Whitman s fine dox.candies just received.VAKDEN & SON.JmmMmmMMMmBMMmMmMmmmm1&&&8L9hJ )wmSsfebZSg.wM2;-ijKimwmmmwmwmmmwmwmwmmgBoys' Overcoats!rSSmmmTop Overcoats in all Shades, 4 to 10 yr. old m$k$3.50 to $6 mIII Long Overcoats in the Latest Fabrics andSB A rl-e fi t-r 1 ir rt vf&auu vuiui "i" i wu ATf3Sjri&wdt:$2 to $7.50Ss&SrfJ;g We Have Everything in Men's Underwear, gl$Fall Weights, Heavy Weights andRoyal Plush,$1 to $4 a Suit.i$l&mmmmGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.mHiHimmUliK ... . ..Dante's "Inferno" at the Grand.The filming of Dante's "Inferno"marks a new epoch in moving pictures,in more respects than one. Until now,the moving picture has been housed inhumble quarters compared to the legitimate stage, and its environmentshave neen of a corresponding character. Indeed the legitimate stage keptthe moving picture at a distance as anundesirable relative. All this has nowbeen changed, and the picture hasmade a triumphant entry g into theshow houses of the country. It is not,of course, the ordinary moving pictureto which the doors of the greattheaters have been opened, but thefeature film, dealing with a subjectrich and interesting enough to constitute an evenings entertainment. Ofthese feature films easily the first isDante'& "Inferno,'' Only those whoare at least in a fair degree familiarwith the poem can appreciate theseemingly unsurmountable obstacleswhich make the maker ambitiousenough to render this great creationinto moving pictures. There was butone way to solve the problem, andthis was the most difficult way of all,to follow with liternal fidelity all theconceptions and fancies of the poet.This is the way that tne makers of thefilm have chosen, and it has led themto success.From th first canto to the last oneis struck by t ie startling realism ofeach foot of him Take, for example,the first canto. The wandering of thepoet thrruj-h the dark and gloomyforest, hi55 " venture with the wildbeast, his rep-Erod attempts to ascendthe hill of s Ivation, the flight fromthe famih-d .If, the descent ofBeatrice fr"r th realm of the blessedinto the limbo of Virgil, the pious poetof pagan r-uqi ifv, are rendered withsuch a tasci .atiing power that oneloses sighi of r fact he is watchinga picture ari ' rt realities. The wonder grows t-s the picture progresses.Dante's "I feino" will be seen atthe Paris Gr uo Wednesday, November 29 and 80, with matinee on Thanksgiving day.FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.G WAIST SALEim&y"SS?y5s'PLINGERIE WAISTSWhite and Colored Waists, Big Valnes $1.00 to$2.50. This lot of waists are divided in 2 lotsChoice 69c and 98cNew CloaksWe just received a big shipment of newest styles of Cloaksfor Ladies, Misses and Children, Many of these areSample Garments and all were bought at reduction frommanufacturers' regular price, so now is the time to buy anew Coat at a Special Price.Ladies9 SuitsMany are now marked down to make room for late arrivalsand you will find new suits very reasonably priced.Velvet DressIn all colors, a dandy, fringe and satin trimmed,Dress at $15.005 Millinery, Shoes, Comforts, Blankets, Comforts, Trunks, E1 Valises and Suit Cases.Zt1 , Frank & Co.1 Paris, - - Kentucky 1iur.uummimmmiiniT!!)&niimimuuJiii.iiL!M4H:j&ammmmmm'mzlilBllllif:mn", iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 14 1911thm:&i.;sIf!:i " WALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KZen-tuLofeLVBourbonD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis, Kentucky..M STi'u 6 new today. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Miilershurg, Kentucky.YOVB I o ad I n elSOi We Know. i ' , , ' i jii jyW3SMZ IT 1flrE GREATEST REMEDYFPORTHECUREOFAaX ;J kseaskajusingfrokV K, r zyC -J ItI IT CIVES NEWLfFE ANDi I STRENGTH TO tiutnn i g.1 PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN, j A1 A TENDER BOYS AND I "5? ft - TT A i SHV ? KSf a cm & am ebtiMtt ! BfcI McuoollCIDNEY.UVZRuiiBLAD. I IJ BI DEKDBEASES. CATARRH. u I, I f' X AJTHHA. RHEUMATISM. 1,1 1DA GOVT. tA GRIPPE. CON. ,AJ MfA SUHPTK5N, DYSPEPSIA. f JlR4 constipation, heart I'lr AUA dbease, malaria. i!L JB.Ft NERVOUS debiuty. Is' mKiA iTvmsDANc&ttt. JJ-'ip I Jkv y ? srBy MaJ thFbloodine"co,"i(II Mwill not "be yours unless youhave a par to:; stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand' attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.-C-Laundryififf.isfhfiifififiOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work "enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,Cf0!eaesa233O7.anuuEX'MTRY-BLOODINEWffl Help YouTo Regain Your Strengthand Energy.Report of the Hoo.d Phyetclan laa Leading New York Hospital$ on the Curo of Catarrh."A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of'!Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladderand Uretha, Catarrh of the large in-,testines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelviaCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, and1 Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodine." It builds newtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluabl6 tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease.; "Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynew, rich red blood to the. whole body.FREE - To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents in fiitver or stamps for postage.Address, The Biaoodetb Coepobation", Boston Maw.W, 1 Brooks, Agent.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -fEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoilicti as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 81.00 nereach subsequent insertion; readingi.caumg uuuiuca m uiiiuii oy jts, zu cents per line eacn issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pu bush ed EveryONE YEAR,$2.00.PayableKentucky Patronage Is ReadyNow.Kentucky patronage which has beenin abeyance for three months at therequest of Judge E. C. O'Rear, at onetime candidate for Governor of Kenlucky, will be distributed as soon asCongress meets.Judge O'Rear wrote the Presidentshortly after his nomination for Governor that it would be a good plan not todistribute patronage until after theelection. Snme were so unkind as tointimate that the gubernatorial nominee thought he would be elected, andas Governor of the State would controlthe offices.Senator Bradley was called upon bythe President for his views on the subject and the Senator replied he had noobjection, but he wanted to be put onrecord in advance that the pie mightas well be sliced at once instead ofwaiting for the election. The President decided that he would make nomore appointments until Congressmet.Several important postoffices are tobe distributed in the stat?, and the Internal Revenue Colleutorships in theCovington and Danville districts willcome up for settlementsThe defeat of Judge O'Rear eliminates him as a factor, the control ofthe patronage remaining in the handsof Senator Bradley, RepresentativeLangley, of the Tenth District, andRepresentative Powers of the Eleventh, Collector Cooper, of the Danvilleisirict is slated for early removal.T le hitch has neen that Mr. Powerswould not consent to the appointmentof a man unless he conies from theEleventh District.It is believed Senator Bradley hasconsented to indose one of the Eleveith District candidates. Mr. Powersis expected to reciprocate by indorsingthe Bradley candidate for Collector ofthe Covington disrtict. The incumbent, M. H. Galvin, will have servedfour years on February 1.Notice to Shippers of InterurbanLines.Work on the new freight and passenger station will beign on November 1,and necessitates temporary quarterswhich will be until further notice inthe old postoffice bulding on Fifthstreet. Shippers are requested to deliver and call for all freight at thatpoint on arrival of freight car which isdue at 9:30 a. m. daily except Sunday.Both phones 309KY. TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.31 6n J. L. Bottom, Agent.Is the World Growing Better?Many things go to prove that it is.The way thousands are taying to helpothers is proof. Among them is Mrs.W. w. Gould, of Pittsfield, N. H.Finding good health by taking Electric Bitters she now advises othersufierers everywhere to take them.'For years I suffered with stomachand kidney trouble," she writes."Everv medicine I used failed till Itook Electric Bitters. But this greatremedy helped me wonderfully."They'll help any woman. They arethe best tonic and liver and kidneyremedy that's made, Try them. You'llsee. 50c at Oberdorfer's.Suit Against Steel Corporation.The filing of the government's suitagainst the United States Steel Corpctation and its subsidary concerns wasa bombshell to official Washington, andmarks the beginning of PresidentTaft's avowed policy of pushing casesthis winter against all concerns nowoperating in violation of the Shermananti-trust law.Special agents of the Department ofJustice have been gathering evidenceto be used in the suit for dissolutionduring the past three years and thisevidence is supplemented by the findings of'the Stanley committee of theHouse of Representatives, which hasbeen conducting an independent investigation. Following as it does the defi of theSteel Trust officials under the lead ofPierpont Morgan a month or so agowhen the rumor was first circulated, along drawn out legal battle is expected. It may take from three to fiveyears to push the case through thevarious courts until a final decree isrendered by the United States Supreme Court to which tribinal, it isthe announced intention of both partiesin the suit, to carry the case imspective of the decisions if the lowercourtsThe rrcst surprising informationconnected with the case was the factthat Former Secretary of War Dickinson had prepared the brief. It hadbeen slated officially at the Department of Justice that the investigationof the steel combine was in charge ofSolicitor General Lehmann, and although it is a fact that he has done agreat share of the work in the preparation of thn case, Mr. Lehmann'a namedees not appear.. The significance of the omission isasserted in some quarters to be thatthe administration plans to put theSolicitor General on the SupremeCourt bench as a successor to .the lateJustice Harlan, and that under thesecircumstances his name is not drawnii.to the steel suit.NO. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and Ownerinch for first time: sn o.nnt' rpr i-nnhnotices, 10 cents per line each issue :MTuesday and Friday.SIX MONTHSin Advance$1.00FREE IF IT FAIL.Your Money Back if You are NotSatisfied With the MedicineRecommed.We are so positive that our remedywill permanently relieve constipationao matter how chronic it may be, thatwe offer to furnish th medicine at ourexpense should it fail to produce satisfactory results.'It is worse than useless to attemptto cure constipation with catharicdrugs. Laxatives or catharics domuch harm. They cause a reaction,irritate and weaken the bowels andtend to make constipation more chronicBesides, their use becomes a habitthat is dangerous. 3SHHConstipation is caused by a weaknessof the nerves and muscles of the largeintestine or descending colon. To expect permanent relief you must therefore tone up and strengthen tnese organs and restore them to healthieractivity.We want you to try Rexall Orderlieson our reccommendation. They areexceedingly pleasant to take, beingeaten like candy, and are ideal forchildren, delicate persons, and oldfolks as well as for the robust. Theyact directly on the nerves and musclesof the bowels. They apparently havea neutral action on other associate oragns or glands. They do not purge,cause excessive looseness, nor createany inconvenience whatever. Theymay be taken at any time, day ornight. They will positively relievechronic or habitual constipation, if notsurgicalj variety, and the myraids ofassociate or dependent chronic ailments, if taken with regularity for areasonable lenth of time. 12 tablets10 cents ; 36 tablets 25 cents ; 80 tablets 50 cents. Sold in Paris only atour store The Rexall Store. G. S.Varden & Son.Freak Hen Egg.Mr. T. S. Hoper, says the Harrodsburg Herald, brought to this officeyesterday a freak hen egg. Whenplaced oil a table, or any smooth surface the egg stands on end and continually vibrates. It alwajs aJjustsitself to that position immediatelyafter being laid down. If placed onan incline not exceeding 45 degrees, litwill not roll down, but will quicklyadjust itself Jto a standing positionand save for the vibration, will remainstationary.The Trials of True Love."When he's out with his best girlhe says he feels as If she were milesaway.""How Is that?""Her hat-brim keeps him at a distance." Planned Morgan's Escape.The unveiling of Gen. John H. Morgan's statue in Lexington a fewweeks ago, savs a dispatch fromMadisonville, has called attention ofthe pbulic of some others, yet surviving, who followed that striking andpictureqsue chieftian. On the streetsof Madisonville daily is seen a manwho was intimately near to the greatGeneral, and one of the most noted ofMorgan's subordinate officers Capt,.L. D. fHochersmith, who commandedCompany C of Morgan's Brigade, andwho was at the close of the war alieutenant Colonel. He is hale andhearty despite his years.Capt. Hochersmith was born in Lawrenieburg, Ky., in 1833, but hisparents soon settled in Louisville,where he spent his boyhood days.Here he worked as a painter with hisfather. Soon tiring of this trade, heserved as an apprentice with CharlesWeaver, brick contractor, and at onetime Mayor of Louivsille. Moving toMadisonville in 1855, he worked at histrade until the breaking out uf thewar in J1862 when he pnlisted underCol. Adam Johnson, whose regimentbecame a part of Morgan's command.iCapt. Hochersmith was with Morganin every engagement from the time heenlisted until they were captured andescaped from the penitentiary atColumbus, O. He was one of thebrave hunrded who followed Col. BobMartin in that famous raid and chargenear Black Shops. Ten'n. With thesepicked men, Col. Martin dashed upon adetachment of 6,01)0 Fedreals and they,thinking that Morgan's whole armywas upon them, not discovering thiermistake until too late, fled in confusion, leaving supplies and ammunition behind.Many stories have been written ofMorgan's extraordinary escape but 'itis said that it was Capt. Hochresmithwho planned and superintended thewhole affair. Being a brick mason, hestudied the construction of the prisonin detail. Capts. Bennett and McGeewere taken into his confidence and assoon as the plan bceame feasible theylaid it before Gen. Moragn. It required almost a month of secret carvingthrough walls and under the tuildinurj beforethe escape was effected..nJL e&ig$mr,-Q KrarDo vonthinksion or tradetite. and lavy 3 3snyM i VjfjT fr Kt1$Pm fafitiiEMI- rAflingering cough, bronchitis, or bleeding at the lungs, it will bring about acure in 98 per cent, of all cases. It is a remedy prepared by Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y., whose advice is given free to all who wish to write him. Hisgreat success has come from his wide experience and variedpractice.Don't be wheedled by a penny-grabbing dealer into taking inferior substitutes for Dr. Pierce's medicines, recommended to be "just as good." Dr.Pierce's medicines are of known composition. Their every ingredient printedon their wrappers. Made from roots without alcohol. Contain no habitforming drugs. "World's Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.922IS5363aegg(SS3aB3-e23Si5'K23SaThe Best is noneBuy-y$Mm X "?n?naand make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.r&C&faXfelXrSSSSEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills.4 ' When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. TVIIiLTAMS,ATTORNBY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.("FT 136Office Phones j Home 13'6D ., (E. T. 334.Residence Home 334.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,. DENTIST,Up StairsOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR.A. B KELLER,Practicing Physician,Ofllces.Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold4"baths.Everything neat J and clean. I Politebarbers alvays ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.. A. KAHAL.BloodineCuresE. A. Cross, 516 GlaseowStreet, Portsmouth, va.Rheumatism Has used Bloodine forRheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds it givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good."W. T. Brooks, Agent.Do You Feel This Way?feel all tired out? Do you sometimesyou iust can't wcrk away at your profesTany longer ? Do you have a poor apc-awake at nights unable to sleep? Areyour nerves all gone, and your stomach too ? Has ambition to forge ahead in the world left you ? If so, youmight as well put a stop to your misery. You can do it ifyou will. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery willmake you a different individual. It will set your lazy liverto work. It will set things right in your stomach, andyour appetite will come back. It will purify your blood.If there is any tendency in your family toward consumption,it will keep that dread destroyer away. Even after consumDtion has almost gained a foothold in the form of a1too good for you.Fruit and Shade Trees.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhabarb, Peonies,Roses. Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard.Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. b HILLENMEYER & SON?,3 oct 2m Lexnigton, kyFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.mrs. Elizabeth c. Rogers.Mi H mMmWEBSTER'SNEW .INTERNATIONALDICTIONARYTHE MERR1AM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers everv field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in a Isingle book. INew Divided Page.400,000 "Words. 2700 Pages. H60O0 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this mostremarkable single volume."Write for samplepages, full particulars, etc.Name thispaper andwo willjsend freea set ofPocketMapsC.MmC. 1Springfield, Mass. ElIIlWBki i.ISiPKlBBs?y1uwaWBSflLra VneeaJSl WTHE BOURBON' EWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV, 14, 1911,HKUIATIS1Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. 8. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure tfotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheo:medicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Sj.iiip-0'i'nc free by writing Bloodn .1 Atlanta, Ga. Describey r trcuu'e nd free medical advicegi ?n zi. Ly Varden & Son.Bloodine Cures Strains, BruisRheumatic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atic pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c. and 50c a bottle.THE SACRED SEA OF GALILEEFishermen Work Similarly There Today as They Did in the Timeof Christ.Jerusalem, Palestine. No sheet ofwater in the world has such sacred andhistoric associations as the sea of Galilee in Northern Palestine. It is alsoknown as the Sea of Tiberias, LakeGennesaret and in the Bible othernames designate it, while the Arabsknow it as Bahr Tubariyeh. It is situated north of the Dead sea and isconnected with that body of water bythe Jordan. The Sea of Galilee wasa i-'y..,-' s, v' ' v ' s ;ODD FARM BUILDINGQueer Structure Constructed byKansas Farmer.It Resembles an Ocean-Going Steamerand Contains Bathrooms, Beehivesand the "Den" of the Farm'sOwner.Fisherman Casting His Net.W. T. Brooks, Agent.THE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.313 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.ISXSXDiBloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough, Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and 81.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen, Gaffney.S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andIts the first medicine that has done me much goodI the scene of Christ's ministry and ofmany miracles and on its shores weremany cities and villages, almost all ofwhich, now, with the exception of Tiberias, are uninhabited.From the hills surrounding Tiberiasonp r.fl-n Innk rlnwn unnn thp. Rpn. ofP , Galilee, a blue lake, pear-shaped in design, nd hemmed about with a vastring of green hills. The waters of thelake abound now as in New Testament times with a variety of excellentfish, and boats almost as primitive asin the days of Christ are employed incatching them.Solitary fishermen may also be seenwading out in the blue waters. Thesemen carry a circular net of fine twine,small In the mesh and weighted withpieces of lead around the edge. To thecenter of the net a long cord it fastened. The fisherman holds the netover his left arm and wades waistdeep in the water. When he espies ashoal of fish he casts the net overthem and the leaden weights cause itto sink. Then the rope is pulled andthe leaden weights are drawn together, imprisoning the fish in the net.Topeka, Kan. Visitors to the farmof George S. Bennet, a wealthyfarmer who lives near Hall's Summitin Coffey county, this state, are firstimpressed with what appears to bethe outline of an ocean-going steamer.It is just such a caprice as might appeal to a retired sea captain, but Mr.Bennet never followed the sea, and itsresemblance to a steamship is accidental. The structure stands a short distance from the Bennet farm home,which is one of the finest in the county. It is equipped with galleries,which resemble decks, and which runentirely around it, one on the groundfloor and another about fifteen feethigher up. From the top of the seconddeck rise two large tanks which resemble smokestacks, but which reallysupply water to the bathrooms below. In the second deck, also, Mr.Bennet has fitted up a den in whichhe spends much of his time. Thisgallery, or deck, is screened, andmakes an ideal place to spend summerdays and evenings and to sleep.Between the upper deck and theceiling of the lower there is a spaceseparated by a partition of Portlandcement, and this Mr. Bennet has divided into sections for bees. Aboutthirty swarms are housed there.The Bennet farm house is the largest in the county and is the scene ofmany unusual experiments. There isa farm water plant and the farm homeis equipped with every water convenience. He- started to build an immensebarn and had men working for nearlySuccess at Sea.A youthful Canadian, who Is possessed of the romantic idea of "going to sea," Is meeting with muchparental opposition."The sailor never amounts to anything, my boy," urged his prosaic fa-ither. "He works hard, has few holidays and never achieves great success." "That's where you're mistaken." exclaimed Young Canada, triumphantly. "Look at King George! He started out as a sailor, and now he's gotto be the head of the empire."Kingston Whip.Are You Nervous?What makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand t&e strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour -entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural manner, by going to thesource of the 'trouble and building up the bodily strength.IITU1I!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting;, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanent- ily cured wih pure botanical ingred-1ients. To prove it we will send you a 'SAMPLE TREATMENT "KEE ICatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blud Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system ot thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery smpthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving WHrmtb. andstrength just where it is needed, and 'I in teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh m all its torms, iDruggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.TheWosnatfsTonicMrs. Grace Former, of Man, W. Va., took Cardui.This is what she says about it: "I was so weak andnervous, I could not bear to have anyone near me. I hadfainting spells, and I lost flesh every day. The first doseof Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved my life." It is the best tonic for women.Do you suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui. It will help you. Ask your druggist.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, cad 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 50i.-4&iTiJgM)t2&&&Jb7ZwdGENTLEMANSHOBCHICAGOPOLICEMONUMENTW. T. Brooks, Agent.isszjssssftsfxsxtanfiuznxaaaruut wttJWiscjiTrCement For SaleStands in Memory of Those KilledIn Haymarket Riot TwentyFive Years Ago.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.Chicago. Most readers probablyhave read of the Haymarket riotwhich occurred in Chicago twenty-livevears fisro. During: this trouble thefirst bomb was thrown inMWfimmWimMwhtw iiimwniww fiTfifi irr - . i ' ni JOYJnnie LanghornManicuring 35 Cenls,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.East Tenn. Pho e 6ti9anglfitfTOjTj3fBMFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderateand to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. We feare sole agents forParis.means; fmOur new Fal! line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and Gun1, now ready for inspection.BUTCBEBS AND FARMERS!Geo. fVI'Willams.The "Prairie Ship."a year on the foundation alone. Thefoundation still stands but the barnhas been abandoned, at least for thetime being, for some otherMancy.The Bennet farm has the largestpond in all the country around. Theowner constructed a 15-foot stone dam,. for it, working on the job about twoChicago.Seven policemen were killed andmany persons injured. The death sentence was given to four men andthree were sent to prison. Shortlyafter a monument of a policeman waserected in memory of those who losttheir lives. The inscription carvedon the side of the monument reads:Cured by Ihe Marvel of ihzCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in any !stage permanently, without deadly !mercury, with pnre Botanical injrred Ients. To prove it we will send wii aSAMPLE ' TREATMEN f" F U L f .If you have ulcere, eating sores,itching humors, swelling-, mucuspatches. 1 iv pains, offf-n-ive pimples'or erupt I iu, take R. B. B. (BotanicBlood e cii:,i.) All s i.ipthoms healquickh . Isiood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for Iioip cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.yearsAside from his interest in his farm,Mr. Bennet has strong religious convictions. A short time ago he conceived the idea of hiring the townband to march and play Sunuay morning and evening to induce the inhabitants to go to church.Mr. Bennet recently has been hauling straw to points over his farm. Hointends to cover several acres and inthe spri) g will burrow in the strawand put iu a large quantity ot soil. Init he will plant melons. He expectsto have melons growing all over thestraw stacks and believes this methodwill do much to protect the melon fromripening to full maturity.The "ship," or prairie house, inwhich he sits and views the work onxmmmmmmmmmsgmiMarket Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICH,ViSth Street, PARI, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374U cSc R time-table:IN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveUncertainty of the immediatefuture is looked upon by many menof affairs, as a blockade to enterprise and business prosperity, andthis blockade is now quite apparentthroughout the channels of trade.The Presidential Election; theefforts of Congress with no fixedpurpose; Organized Labor as a newfactor in politics; together withlessChicago Haymarket Memorial.AnnoynG8NI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalCoiErsic:anBuilding Business."In the name of the people of IllinoisI command peace."That this sentence is not takenvery seriously by the present daybomb throwers can readily be seenfrom the fact that in the past fiveyears more than 100 bombs have beenexploded in Chicago, causing thousands of dollars in damage and no onehas been convicted for these outrages. The police attribute some ofthe bombs- to rival gambling onraniza-SsfTBCl ! tions. others to labor troubles and the! greater portion to the "Black Hand."other matters ol greater orhis farm, is built of lumber and ce- import, represent at this time ament and with its equipment and fur- criaotic conflict of separate internishings cost nearly $4,000 ' estSj to iiarmonize which is now theINSIST ON DEVIL CHASERSGall Stones of Cattle Eagerly Pur-by Chinamen forGood Luck.;sedI have been a buildr for. the pasttventv year?, and cin handle1 vourbjildinB. large or small. I will heiglaH to fnrmsh yon e.ptimates on snortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordnamHeadless, Man Runs Fifty Feet.Oakland, Cal. With his head practically severed from his body, Prosper Dasque, a restaurant employe inOakland, ran for a distance of 50 feetthrough the halls of a lodging house,Chicago. The market quotation ongall stones remains at $100 a pound atthe stock yards here, where the articleis sold as Chinese devil chasers.A. J. Little, head of the selling department of one of the large meatpacking firms, said his concern marketed about eight or nine pounds ayear from the cattle slaughtered,Some of them are as big as walnuts,but most of them are no bigger thanpeas. They are light and few beeveshave any.All of them are bought by Japanese,who won't use them. They ship themback to Japan to be manufactured forthe Chinese trade. The Chinese, beset by devils, carries a piece ofcarved gall stone in his pocket. Hebelieves no power can withstand thegall- stone once it has been fashionedinto a sufficiently terrib1 shape.So. FROM34 Atlanta , Ga.. Dai v 5 21 ara131 Lexington, Ky , Daily 1 5.1S am29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday A 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Exeept Sunday 7.3S an10 ilowland, is y . , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 ant40 Lexington, Ly . Daily Exobpt Sunday .S 12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Duily ?9.5Q am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 10.05 am12 Lexmuton, Kv.. Daity 10.02 am33 Oiu"!.a.I, 0. Daily .' 10JS am26 Lexnuit-'t., Ky., Daily Except Mi..!y 11.50 am25 Cyiit l.iana, v y , Daily Except Sin-day 3.10 pni) Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm13S Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pm3S Knoxville, ! eiin.. Daily v -...3.25 pm5 Maysville, K v. , Dii'ly 5.25 pm3' Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sa:i:ay . 5.40 pmb0 Lexington, Ky., Daily . -. 6 12 pm8 LoirsviHe & Frankfort. Daily Except Sunday, 6.01 au32 Jacksonville, Fla.. Daily 6 17 pm14 Lexington, Ky. Daily 10.27 pmt31 Cincinnati, O., Daily ' 10:45 jn' Trains XDe-parti' No. TO34 Cincinnati. O. , Daily T4 Mavsv ille, Kv. , Duily tixceps Sunday29 LfAiimtou, Ky., Daily Except Sunday7 Pmi.ki rt ec Louisville Daily Except .Sunday4Q CilK-iiiran, O., D iilj Except Sunday1M aia-sille. Kv., Dinl Except Sunday137 Lexington, Ky., lsjly 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., I'-Iy 9 55 am33 Jacksonville. Fla.. Dailv 10.1S amas a Beacon Light, the danger and 133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.21 amthe safeguard therefrom. 6 Maysville, Kr Daily rr' JH? amb Uynnnana, ivy., uaiiy nixcept ounuuy : . . j.x.un am25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ' ,.3.JjO pm38 Cincimaati. 0 , Daily .l . 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ,..:.. 5.4S pm39 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday J 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 4-t-- 6-22 PThe Weekly Enquirer, with the , 13 Lexington, Ky. Daily .'.'.".."'.'."...' ..".. ."".'.'.. V f 6.25 pmproblem before the country.All want Prosperity, Peace andPlenty. Read with care the Cincinnati Enquirer, a journal thatprints all the, news each day fromevery commercial center throughout the world. A barometer ofcauses and effects that points out,WW ,As well known, the Daily Enquirer is the largest in size andhighest priced paper in the UnitedStates, yet cheapest, measured byquality and quantity..5.2S am.5.35 am.7.47 am.7.43 am.8.20 arr.8.20 am303113Children of Fourteen Are Married.Orange, N. J. The. romantic plan3of Arthur Edward James and Ruthcream and digest of all the news,able and conservative editorials,market reports, methods and results from Government and StateExperiment Stations, veterinarymatters, People's Eorurn, choiceliterature, short and continued stories, non-sectarian sermons, general,information, etc., with the exclusionof all matters of scandal and immorality, is today the CleanestWeekly Family Tournal obtainable. No.)ach issue is alone worth the price 2 EranfcCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . G.35 pmLexington, K. , Daily 10.53 pmAtlanta, Ga., Dailr 10.55 pmO- a3?I33ES-'3?A-TlT iEIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.TffiV'Trains ArriveFROMT?r4i icciiA i nlnnft worth the rnce a branKroru, ivy., unuy icepu pumia, o.- ""-c . -i ,4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . rf 40 pmAJJi CI yCLL O OUUJWlWVU.T--wrt V 1 r V r i t r r -i tf V .i1x ..1 im I-. - ' ! o lionlcnmo nrnfif ortr inprpfisp fhftt . . .. ..II .. -tt i on ni. I ,,.nnnn r AanA nn n renr nnrnh nf tTio SOllth OranfTC Were crowned With . -"""-i-3V-'-ii4- r1"'1"Tenn. phone 128-2. place. The police investigated the success urrcugh the capitulation of j good in.fluence otine lnqmrer mo T nnan o vr h'vnn irmrr iimlv Hrrppnr, snnri.iv o.Ui umSolicitors for subscriptions make 162 Louisville & FrankfortSunday Only 10. 0u 5mW. C. HESTERgrewsome case and learned that their parents. Hunger and homesick- the uplift of morality and industry,Trarxs DepartDasque had hacked his heaaVf.r'em' hisshoulders with a huge carving knife.He ran through the halls virtuallyheadless in the agony of death.TOand for the betterment and welfare ( 1(J1" Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only ; 7.10of the community. For terms write 7 JFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43lF ankfort, Ky., Daily Except bunday3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sundayness compelled them to return, buttheir parents consented to their union.which was accomplished in orthodox , fn The 'Enmiirer. Cincinnati. Ohio. 1' ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..v , -j ,lash.nn.amamQ.oSi.amS.warctLlTHE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 14 1911'M fM K4M$ItwIdIIIJIAUrlTlAll, D1IVAUD fit W.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY -UlltillEReduced Price SaleONCloth Gowns &SkirtsThe mild weather of November has retarded the saleOuting Cloth Garments to such an extent that the manufacturers of these garments have been unloading theirstock on hand at tremendous reductions. One of thesemanufacturers made us a tempting offer on what we knowto be the best line of Outing Cloth Garments on the market. We saw where this purchase would enable us to sellthem so our customers at wholesale manufacturer's costand still leave us a fair profit.Always on the alert for good merchandise which canbe sold to our customers at less than regular price and stillmaintain our fair standard of profit, we purchased theoffered quantity and herewith announce our readiness toturn them over to our customers at a saving of at lease 30cents on the dollar.Lot No. 1Gowns at 69c a PieceFull in size, length and width, splendid quality and fastcolors, former price $1 a garment; factory cost and saleprice "cLot No. 2Gowns 98c a GarmentThis lot contains plain and trimmed Gowns in stripes andsolid colors; well-made and-of ample proportion. TheseGowns sell ordinarily at $1.50; the factory cost and saleprice is 7c25c a PieceShort Outing Petticoats in pink and blue stripes, each. .25c39c a PieceSolid color Outing Petticoats in white, pink and blue,scalloped around edges; value 65c, at each 39cI At the Grand Saturday Night.( Worlds Chapmionship games between ;New York Giants and PhilaIdelphia Athletics, played at Polo'Grounds, New Yor, and Shibe Park,I Philadelphia. All the exciting" playsj clearly shown. New York Club Devore, Becker, Murray, Snodrgass,jMerkle, Doyle, Fletcher, Devlin,j Matthewson, Wiltze, Ames, Crandall,iMarquard, Latham, McGraw, Myers,Wilson, Herzog, Drucke, Hartley,Paulette. Philadelphia Club Baker,Barry, Bender, jCollins, Coombs, Davis,Danforth, Derrick, Hartsell, Krause,Lapp, Livingston, Lord, Martin, Morgan, Mclnnes.Murphy, Oldring, Plank,Strunk, Thomos. Umpires WilliamJ. Klem. William Brennan, T. H. Connolly and William Dmeen. ScorersFrancis C. Richtre and J. G. TaylorSpink.See the game's greatest generals,John J. McGraw and Connie Mack andthe btst aggregation of ball players.See the phenomenal exhibitions of thegreat Matthewson, the grand ideliveries of Coombs, Plank, Bender andMarquard. See Home Run Baker inaction, and every sensational playthrown on the screen as if you were onthe ground. See the interesting playson the bases, the much discussed Snodgrass slide, etc. Largest attendanceever seen at championship games, andsee this surging mass of humainty andthirty-third dergee fans. The mostexciting games on record. Marvelousphotorgaphy of these great gamesmade exclusively hy the Essanay Company. Turkeys.We are in the market for turkeys.Bring them in this week. Phones 14.C. S. BRENT & BRO.DEATHS.Kauiman, Straus k 6o.LEXINGTON, KY. ftlThanksgiving! !We have anticipated your wants for the seasonnow at hand and have in our store the most dependable goods at the right prices to be had.Savory Roasters,TurkeylCarvers,Turkey Dishes,Celery Trays,Cranberry Dishes,Brass Fire Sets,Brass Coal Hods,Coal Vases, xButcher Knives,Meat Saws,Lard Cans.FORD & CO.Complete outfit for hunters. All the popularloads in smokeless and black powder.fiB3X23aaa3SB3lil.W.ft j2fi32B '&f HSP 82BBMBB22& 099 vHOME-KILLED MEATS,Sausage, Hamburg StakeOysters, Fish, Chickens and Everything in Season,AH Kinds of FruitV,GROCERIES AT LOWEST PRICESGive Us a CallBoth Phones 7JIndianapolis Team WantsYancey.The Indianapolis team of the American Association wants to sign centerfielder Hoagn Yancey, manager andhalf owner of the Lexington base ballteam. The offer was made by President Watkins, of the IndianapolisClub, who asked that the Lexingtonclub set a price on Yancey, who statedthat he wouldnot go as he has beenelected to theoffice of City Attorney,of Lexington, and expects to remainand hold down that position. Mr,Yancey has not yet decided whetherhe will play ball in 1912, but he iscertain that he will not play outside ofLexington.Turkeys.We are paying highest prices forturkeys delivered this week. Phones14.C. S. BRENT & BRO.Eddie Foy in "Over the River."Eddie Foy in his newest comedy success, "Over the River," comes to theLexington Opera House Monday matinee and night, November 20 under themanagement of Chas. Dillingham andP. Ziegfeld, Jr. Mr. Foy is said tobe better suited this year than atany time in the past dozen seasons fornot only is his role excruciatinglyfunny, uut the company and production are of the best. Messrs. Dillingham Ziegfeld are well known as theforemost producers of musical comedyin the world, and they have fairly outdone themselves in giving Mr. Foy thebest possible settings and the mostgorgeous costuming. The chorus issaidto be the prettiest in the world.The story concerns the invoiuntaryyimprisonment of a man about town forthirty days in the workhouse "over theriver," as it is called in New Yorkslang. Mr. Foy plays this role and inthe second act has to appear in stripes.Turkeys.We are paying highest prices forI turkeys delivered this week. Phones114., C. S. BRENT & BRO.i County Vote Canvassed.The County Board of Election ComI missioners met Friday and canvassedI the returns of the election held inBourbon last Tuesdaj'. The vote wasi announced by the Commissioners inI the State election was as.follows:For Governor J. B." McCreary,i 2.397; E. J. O'Rear, 1,881.i For Lieutenaut Govrenor E, J. Mc. Dermott, 2,859; L. L. Bristow, 1,861.For Secretary of State 2. F. Cre'ceilus, 2,363; A. J. Oliver, 1,847.I For Attorney General James GarInett, 2,364; T. B. McGregor, 1,846.! For Auditor-H. M. Bosworth,2,359;L. W. Bethurm, 1,849.For Treasurer Thos. S. Rhea.2,356;H. T. Monroe, 1,846.For Superintendent of Public Instruction Barksdale Hamlett, 2,351;T. W. Vinson, 1,850.For Commissioner of AgricultureJ.W.Newman. 2,359; D. W. Clark,1.84S.Cletk Court of Appeals Robt. L.Greene. 2.357; C. S. Wilson. 1,800.Railroad Commissioner H. G. Garrett, 1,806.Hon. Sidney G. Clay, who was reelected as Representative of Bourboncounty, headed the ticket by a vote of2,464.THEATRICAL."PECKS' BAD BOY."Every scene in "Peck's Bad Boy,"which is the attraction at the Grandon Friday evening, November 17, willbe familiar to the many people whowill delight in this opportunity of seeing once more a plaj which has delighted them so many times in thepast. The first act is played in thecorner grocery store conducted by theold German. Schultz, who is the buttof most of the Bad Boy's good naturedpranks. The second act shows a tpyical hotel ofPcb which the Bad Boyturns upside dosvn in less time than ittakes to tell and the third act represents a famly picnic which would havebeen orderly, peaceful and quiet had itnot been for the lively scion of thehouse of Peck.J The play is primarily a comedy andhas been written only with the intention of making people laugh. It has,! however, a tuneful musical settingsupplied by HUfc various members ofthe company, all of whom are clevervaudeville entertainers. Popularprices 25, 35 and 50 cents.Mrs. Ida L. Ford, aged 55 years,died at the Good Samaritan Hospitalin Lexington Friday night after an illness or tnree days ot uraemic poisoning. She was the wife of Capt. J. C.Ford, of the Lexington Detective Department. Before her marriage shewas Miss Davis, of Woodford countyand a sister of Mrs. W. E. Hibler,who formerly resided in Bourboncounty. The funeral services wereheld Sunday. The Rev. O. B. Crockett officiating.Mr. Alexander Duke, aged 64years, died Sunday afternoon at 2 :30o clocK at his home near Mayslick,Mason county, of cancer of the stomach. Mr. Duke had been ill for monthssuffering with a cancerous malady, andhis wife and daughters were constantly at his bedside and were with himwhen the end came. jDeceased is was prominent and sue-1cessful firmer and stock raiser undwas noted as breeder of fine shorthorn icattle.Mr. Due was a gallant Confeleratesoldier and was a member cf GeneralJohn H. Morgan's brigade.He was not a member of any chuichbut his funeral servicts will be conducted this morning at tf n o'clock athis late home by Rev. ltiompson, pastor of the Mayslick Bap'fct chinch,the interement following in Uu Ivl'iyslick cemetery.He is survived by his wife and twodaughters, Miass Mary Duke, of Mays-ville, and Mrs. Jas. B. Woodford, ofBcurbon county.Robert Cameron, aged about 35years, died at his home on the Peacockpike, near this city, Saturday morningafter an illness of several weeksof typhoid fever. The deceased was ason of Thos. Cameron and unmarried.The funeral services were held at thegrave in thf Paris cemetery yesterdayafternoon at 2 o'clock, conducted byRev. E. M. Lightfont. The pallbearerswere Harry Holt, George McConnell,John Bowen, George McCandles, Blanton Green, Emmett Howard.A press dispatch from ChicagoSaturday announced the death of Dr.'B. Brindley Eads, formerly of thiscounty, which occurred in that cityFriday. Dr. Eads, a surgeon at thecounty hospital in that city and Deanof the Illinois Medical College. He??as born in Ruddles Mills.this county,and it was there he spent the earlypart of his life. He was the onlychild of the late Dr. D. D. Eads, ofParis.Mrs. Wm. P. Hume, aged about60 years, died -at her home on Secondstreet in this city yesterday afternoonabout three o'clock after a illness ofmore than a year, and recently suffered a stroke of paralysis.Mrs. Hume was the daughter of thelate Morris P, Gass, one of Bourboncounty's most prominent farmers anda sister of the late Mrs. Harriett Clay.She was. bom and raised in Bourboncounty and spent the whale of her lifein this com-munity. iShe was a member of the Presby teri-'an chuich and until her health failedwas one of its most consistent attendants, taking an active part in churchwork and was prominent in its societies. During her late illness she bore hersureffing with Christian fortitude andvjs patient until the last hour of herlife. She is survived by her husband,one stepdaughter, Mrs. Oscar Donaldson, of Oklahoma, and one stepson,Mr. D. P. Hume, of this city.The tunreal will take place at thefaimly reisdence on Second street thisaf trenoon at 2 o'clock. Services conducted by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive, assisted by Elder Carey E. Moragn.Burial in Paris cemetrey. The pallbearers will be Jas. McClure, JohnTowles, Brutus Clay, Jehn Woodford,Chas. Clendenin, Dr. Frank Faries.Jett Proud o! Victory.News of the result of the election inKentucky reached the Frankfort penitentiary only a day late, and everycouvict at all interested in politicsknew the day after the election thatthe Democrats had won. The two menin the prison who were most pleasedby the result were Judge C. E. Booeand Curt Jett. Jett had a paper rooster cut from a newspaper pinned on hiscoat as he marched in the line. Because of Jett's fine prison record he isallowed more privileges than mest ofthe convicts and for that reason nothing was said to him about wearing therooster.WANTED.Pasture and shelter for 130 mulesfor the winter.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Eb&rvAnnounceCoMost Important SaleTailor-Made SuitsOf the Highest Order$28.50Exquisite grace and elegance is describedin these suits. They are fashioned of an exceeding fine quality imported worsteds.. Thecoat is interlined and the lining is of self-colorpeau de cygne. Skirt is a plain plaited effect.These suits come in all the new shades of theseason Regular values up to $40. Noalteration charges.mEMBRY & CO.Main Street, East, Lexington, Kyf9 IN SEASONABLE IP2 . jvi1 DRESSES. WAISTS. Iit nm ..,,...,! , .- , .i.,..,-i I,,, 05?M The garments offered herewi3i are in latest styles and far pH beyond what others can show. Stylish, up-to-date garments af pH very low prices. M& .I Full Line of Underwear--SLua"SZ Ig Children's CIoaks9 Suits nd Dressesdt Reduced Prices pSuits in Black and Blue, Hue J with guaranteed satin, -, - M?g worth $15. ,. ..$.40 19 Suits in all-wool in serge, broadcloth, in all coiors, grey and brown Ifl flfl $2mixtures, regular value, $25.00 - 1 lUiUU UCoats, in black broadcloth, series, in all mannish cloth, Ifl flfl Pip regular value, $25.00 1 .: OIUiUU pH '- " Em Shirtwaists, ' EQ-gj regular value $1.50 . -1---- 9DG KI Silk Petticoats in all colors, ' Qi Efl Pregular valne, $3.50 OliWU 6-A.. Ts. idcxmib CO.iINCORPORATEDBOTH PHONES 129. COR. PIFTH AND MAIN STS.PARIS, KENTUCKY.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 14, 1911.fflfc BOURBON NEWS. ICXcfALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGAssisting Assessor McClintock.Mr. Geo. W. Judy will assist CountyAssessor W. G. McClnitock in taking:the assessment of Bourbon county andwill assess the precincts of Clintonville and Hutchison.Turkeys.We are in the market for turkeys.Bring them in this week. Phones 14.U. S. BRENT & tf RO.Dressed Fowls.Nice fat chickens and durk" dressedto order. Pir-.ne us vour order.14 2t T. LENIHAN.Cut Flowers.The finest of cut flowers furnishedon short notice. Funerals, parties anrtweddings given prompt attention.VARDLN & SON.Candy Palling Saturday.The School Improvement League ofthe Ford's Mill school, near.Paris, willgive a candy pulling at the residenceof Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Ellis at 1517Cpyress street on Saturday, November 13. Everybody is cordially invitedton be present. Admission will be tencen'.s.The Latest Novels.Classy novels arriving daily.Thelatest published.PARIS BOOK CO.The Keai Thing.Imparted creations in hats at fiom$1.50 to $1.75, just received. These arethe real thing.2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.GUARANTEED RINGS.See the guaranteed ring atSHISE & HTHIAN'S.Cupola Being Removed.Workman were engaged yesterdayin removing the cupola from the oldChristian church at the corner of Mainand Eighth streets which will be occupied by the firm of Stuart & O'Brien.The foundation for the oiTice to occupythe space in the front of the buildinghas aDout been completed, and workwill soon begin on the erection of theaddition.Fresh Oysters.We receive oysters every day. Solidpaced.C. P. COOK.An Old Offender Jailed.Riddley Reed, who has been inpolice court frequently on minorcharges was arrested Saturday nightby Patrolman Chas. Thomas on acharge of disorderly conduct and disturbing the peace. Reed became intoxicated and went to his nome inLylesville where he became boistreousand threatened to do violence to several of his neighbors, who appealed tothe police for protection. He will havea hearing in Police CGUit this morningat ten o'clock.Whitman's Candies.New stock of Whitman's fine boxcandies just recieved.VARDEN & SON.GUARANTEED RINGS.W. YY. Vy. nnes, stonesi .guaranteed not to come outcan be had only atSHIRE & EI FHIAN'S.Chief Elgin Gives Advice.The first co'd spell of winter, as arule, according to the records, is usually foiloWcil by a series cf burglaiitsiand Chief ot Police Elgin is of the.opinon that many of these ciiminal actscan be prevented if the citizpns willtake the proper precaution. Chief El-'gin advises that evtry citizen shouldexercise great care :n locking up theuresidences securely, concealing thtirmost valuable articles and keep withinreach a revolver or shotgun. The cla?sof people who commit such depiedations are driven to ccspcration Lywant and would not hesitate to take anuman lire 10 secepmnsn tn.t lr purpus. The advice of the police chiefwell heeded v- ill ro doubt be the meansof reducing J he number of burglaries.Turkeys.This U the week to deliver your turkeys. .Highest amkret price atC. S. BRENT & BRO.Wall Paper Specials.We are offering some special bargains in wall paper. Come in and seewhat a beautiful line you hava toselect from.J. T. HINTON.Thanksgiving Post Cards.We have a beautiful line ot Thanksgiving post cards just received. Comein and look them over. ,PARIS BOOK CO.City's Bonded Debt.At the regular monthly meeting ofthe city Council Thursday night afterthe routine business was attended tosome claims allowed, etc., the citytreasurer, J as McClure, reported having sent $5,572.50 to New Yoik to payon the horded debt of the city of Pansand $2,500 interest has been paid sincethe first of May.The debt was originally $90,000,which the present administration is reducing at the rate rf $5,000 a year.Sltxy thousand dollars of this debtwas for school bonds issued to erect anny public fhocl building.Judge E. B. January submitted thefollowing ?ep,rt of the Police Court:Ki ts assessed, S488; collected, $121.0; jpsended, $S2: worked out, S1U5.PERSONAL MENTION.- W-. J R. ctivers was a visitor inMaysville Sunday.Mr. Frederick A. Wallia is in, NewYork on a business trip.Miss Nettie McKenzie is visitingreUtives-at Little Hock.Mr. Chester Amy leaves Thursdayfor a hunt in Madison county.Mr. and Mrs. Dan Mahaney havereturned from their bridal trip.Judge Russell Mann is able to beout atter several days' illness.Mr. Julian Throckmorton, of Covington, is visiting in the city.Mr. Ed Berry, of this city, .isvisiting Mr. R. L. Fox in May slick.James Wilcox and Davis Hutchcraft are in Madison county on a hunt.Miss Behrman, of Newport, is theattractive guest of Miss Ccrinne Collins. Mr. Wm. Cooper will leave Saturday for a week's Lhunt in Flemingcounty.Mrs. C.B .M Schane has leturnedfrom a visit to Mrs. W. R. Curia inCynthiana.Mrs. J. V. Lytle, of Maysville. isvisit'ng her son, 0. G Lytla and family, in this city.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Boothvisited Mr. Booth's father, Mr. S. E.Booth, in Lawrenceburg, Sunday.Messrs. Chas. B. Thomas andChas. Cassity will leave today for aweek's hunt in Robertson county.Mrs. Thos. Chipley entertained anumber of friends at her home onSouth Main street Friday evening.Mrs. Lindsay Blayney has retruned to her home in Danville after a visit,to Mrs. Swift Champ in this city.Mrs. E. M. Dickson will arrivehome tomorrow after a two weeks'vi3it with her sister, Mrs. Joe Head,in Ashland.Mr. W. R. Fishr and family havereturned to Bourbon to make theirfuture home after having been inOklahoma for several yearsThe meeting of the Richard HawesChapter United Duughtes of the Confederacy which was to be held Fridayof this week has been postponed untilthe week following on account of theJubilee Rally to be held on that date.Turkeys.This is the week to deliver your turkeys. Highest market price atC. S. BRENT & BRO.Goodman Wants to ManageLocals.B. F. Goodamn, ffor three years amember of the Paris 'base ball team,one of the best outer gardeners in thecompany and a consistent batter, is anaspirant for the position of managerof the local club for the coming season, and his friends are boostingstrong for him as a leader of the Bourbonites in 1912.Following the announcement thatMcKernan , would not be in his oldpoistion next year and that he wouldcast his lot with the Battle Creekteam of the Southern Michigan Leagueand that Barnett had been drafted byPetersburg, of the West VirginiaLeague, it set the local supporters ofthe game to thinking who would headthe team next ypar.While it will be some time beforethe management of the local team willmeet and decide en a manager for thecoming season it is the claim of Goodman and his friends that the sturdyoutfielder has a good chance for theposition. The directors of the ParisClub will meet sometime in Februaryto take up the matter of selecting amanager.Mr. Goodman is extremely popularin this city and has a host of admiringfriends who consider him the properman to succeed McKernan in themanagement of the Paris team. Sincethe close of the base ball seison he hasbeen employed by the clothing firm ofPrice Co , which position he resignedSaturday and left yesterday for hihome in Paintsville.Cyclone Inflicts Heavy Damage.The cold wave, forecasted Saturdaybroke over this section eaily Sundaymorning, intense cold prevailing during the day and yesterday morning thethermomenter registered twelve decrees above zero. All of Saturdayrpringlike weather prevailed and themperature was above normal rangingfrom fifty-six to seventy-one degrees." Saturday a South wind blew all dayincreasing in velocity as night approached, veering to the Southwestand raging all night. Early Sundaymorning rain began to fall which wasfollowed by a slight drift of snow andsleet and the thermomenter droppedto twenty degrees. Great damage wasdone throughout the county ny thewind which assumed the proportionsof a cyclone, especially near Austerlitzand Clintonville.On the farm of Mr. Thomas HenryClay a feed barn was completely demolished. Mr. Clay had just finishedstoring fodder in the barn Saturday.A thresher in the barn was also damaged. A barn belonging to Mr. R. B.Hutchcraft, of this city, which contained about five acres of tobacco, wa3also demolished by the strong windand its contpnts completely ruinod.A barn on the farm of Mrs. RobertC. Talbott in the same yneighborhoodwhich contained about eight acres oftobacco was blown down and the tobacco badly damaged. Three residences at Austerlitz Station were unroofed bv the winds.In Clark ccun'y Mr. Henry Thompson sutTertd the destruction of a largetnbscco brn ad two barns on thefarm of Mr. J. VV Face were also destroyed. Th? rhirrnpv on ih residence of the latter were leveled withthe roof and he sustained other damage. Tlebore and teletrraph wrrs inthe vicinity of Austerlitz were blowndo'n and communication rrom thatsection as for a time cut clF. Nndamage to any extent tis reported inthtecity.Insure your tobacco barnsagainst wind.THOMAS & WOODFORD.At Cost for Cash.lieginnirg on November 15 our entire stock of millinery will be Hold forcash for the next seventeen days, oruntil December 1 at coat and below.In order to get the cash we will makethis sacrifice on all trimmed hats, pattern hat, ribbons, trimmings, tec.We have a good line of S6 and $7 hatsthat we will sell at $3 50.This is a rare opportunity for thoBeneeding millinery, as this advertisement is not made to fool the publicbut to impress them that we are willing to sicrifice our stock to turn it into cash at once.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.The Real Thing.Imported creations in hats at from$1.50 to $1.75 just received. These arethe real thing.2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.President Weal's Plan.' President William Neal, of the BlueGrass League left Saturday for St.Louis where he joined the big party ofmagnates and players who gatheredthere before departing for San Antonioto attend the meeting of the NationalAssociation of Minor Leagues.President Neal will present a motionbefore that body to bring umpires under the same rules as the players in regard to drafting.reserving and selling.He sees no objection to this, , and be-,lieves that his resolution will be carried. The Real Thing.Imported creations in hats at from$1.50 to $1.75 just received. These arethe real thing.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.New Dill Pickles.Fresh barrel of new Dill Picklesjust received. Phone us your order.10 2t T. LENIHAN.Cut Flowers.The finest of cut flowers furnishedon short notice. Funerals, parties andweddings given prompt attention.2t VARDEN & SON.The Real Thing.Imported creations in hats at from$1 50 tc $1.75 just received. These arethe real thing.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.ParisFRIDAY, -4 mNovember ,. .' .... &The Greatest Farcicial Success,Peck'sBoy!Josephine Palmer as the"Bad Boy," and a clever company of Comedians, Singersand Dancers.Prices: 25-35-50cFOR SALE.Between four hundred snd five hundred barrels of corn in shock. Forparticulars inquire of Earl r Ferguson,E. T. Phone, Lexington, or Wm. Kenney Ferguson, E. T. Phone, Paris. 3tT.On Tuesday afternoon on Pleasantstreet between Ninth and Fifthstreets, en Fifth between Mam andPleasant or on Main between Fifthand Frank &. Co.'s store a diamondsunburt, containing eleven diamonds.The finder will be handsomely rewarded by returning same toMRS. HUME PAYNE.E. T. Phone 155-3.THEFor Friday Only.As Thanksgiving is Nearly HereOf course every housekeeper isbusy thinking of the many useful articles she will need to prepare her dinner with. You willfind there is no better place tomake your selection than TheFair.We will have on sale next Friday at reduced prices suchthinks as-Roasting-Pans,Granite Pans,Turkey Platters,And a large and useful line ofGranite pieces at 5c each.I am sure each ad every piecewill surprise you at the low priceof 5c each.I iilU & rHJiGrand.JL rjtAlxLOST.Diamond ring containing threestones, one in mouth and one in eacheve of head resembling a man. Returnto News office and get reward.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Mary B. Clay are requested to settleat once. Those having claims willplease have same proprely proven according to law and prpsent them forpayment to the undersigned.S. BROOKS CLAY,Administrator.How often docs thisquestion bob up in yourhome? It's perfectly natural, for every one shouldhave some recreation afterthe day's work.And no one need wantfor it where there's aVictor in the home.Why not get a Victorfor your home? Come inand see us aboutit today.Victors $10 to$100. Victor-Vic-trolas$15 to $250.Terms to suit.BauQhwty BrosJ.T.WCMJU)this eningoiit ISOLE AGENT FORATHENA UNDERWEARFor Ladies and Children.The Elastic Cuff holds the sleeve in place. Special stayprevents garment from stretching over the shoulder.Comfort without bulk. Daintiness with duribility.ISOLE AGENT FORHENDERSON CORSETS.Buy good Corsets. The better Corsets you buy the betterfigure you will have, the more stylish you will appear andthe longer service you will get from your Corset. Wecarry them from $1 upward.W. Ed Tucker8 WE ARE READY FOR YOUWMIfHIfltltIt, , nrees usnPotatoesIBlackberry JamLenox SoapFEE'SLJ. T. HINTONAINOBLANKETSHI3SrTOrTFariSj KLy-Itifin . tspecials.Fancy. NorthernStockPer Peck25c il10c:Per PoundI$2,85Per BoxnTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 14, 1911.IItlaawmwTwmw?!?Job PrintingWORK DONEiWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!SELECTING GOOD SEED CORNLittle Practice Will Enable One toBecome Quick and Reliable JudgePoints to Study.TRE J9B RGOfflS OFTHEHRB0NWith a little practice one can become a quick and reliable judge of anear of corn suitable for seed. But itwill be necessary to study such pointsas trueness to type, shape of ears, colorof kernels, tips and butts of ears, uniformity of kernels, shape of kernels,space between kernels and the percent, of grain to the cod. Briefly itshould he stated that the rows of kernels should be straight, running frombutt to tip; the kernels wedge-shaped,thus insuring a large per cent of thecorn on the cob. The furrows, orthe space between the kernels, shouldbe narrow; the grains deep, the cobcomparatively small. The color of thekernels should be uniform, having noindication of a mixed variety. All earsthat show immaturity or rotted kernels should he eliminated, and especial care should be taken to selectears with large germs. The fact shouldbe home in mind that a large yieldrequires ears that are well filled andas few nubbins and barren stalks aspossible. It costs as much to producenubbins as it does good ears, and ordinarily 20 bushels to the acre willcost as much work and other expenseas 40, hence the economy of increasing the yield.:International GasolineENGINES. UtvPLAN FOR STRETCHING WIREwO5Method Shown in Illustration WillEnable One Man to Do as MuchWork as Two.The following method of stretchingwire over rough ground is a good one.Get some Dig nails and drive theminto the posts as illustrated, on topBNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asStretching Wire.ot knolls, slanting the nails downward.Kang the wire over them. In the lowplaces drive them into the post upward, and hook the wire under them.Then stretch the wire as tight as desired. One man can stretch nearly asmuch wire this way as two can without the use of the nails.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS, ,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Vedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.orStock Crops.The farmer makes the most moneywho devotes his fields to the growingof crops to feed stock, making use ofall the raw products at home, therebynot only saving much of the cost oftransportation, bpt also maintainingthe fertility of the soil. Taking everything into consideration, corn willprobably produce more food per acrefor domestic animals than any otherplant, and there are but few feedswhich can be fed in a greater varietyof ways.All Types of Ensilage and Feed Cutting Machinery:Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.The Loyal Bookseller.Certainly the loyalist bookseller oncord was the John Stubbs who ofonded Queen Elizabeth by publishinga book protesting against the proposed.r.rringe with the "imp of the crownf France." The unhappy man wr.sy.demncd to suffer the los-; of hie?l't hand, which was a'coiding!.' I'ped off with a butcher's knife in; market place at "Westminster. "Iinjmber," says Camden, ".standingy Stubbs, who, as soon as his right.ul was off, took off his hat with his" and cried aloud, 'God save the:een!' The next moment he faint1." "The Romance of Bookselling."m&&HI?Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price jcbPresses come around' and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces. , 45World's Wool Crop.About one-third of the wool cropof the entire .world is produced inAustralasia, which includes New Zealand and Tasmania. Last year's cropexceeding 800,000,000 pounds. Theflocks of this section contain nearlytwice as many sheep as those of theUnited States.Easy Indolence."A good turkey dinner and mince"o," said a 2s ew York laconteur, "ai-;-s put us in a lethargic mood makefeel, in fact, like the natives ofla Chucky."In Xola Chucky one day I said toi man:' 'What is the principal occupation1 this town?'" 'YTaal, boss,' the man answered,: wiling, 'in winter thev mostly sots-i the oast side of the house and f)l-L.s the sun around to the west, andi the summer they sets on the west? and Toilers the shade around uI oast.' "JFree ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies9 Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call at55aL!MJ5&- &Vtin Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.JsfVUiUUiutUiUiiUiSpinach is one of the best things togrow.Fifteen to 20 ears of corn will plantan acre.Don't use barb wire if you canavoid it.Productive soil must contain a largeamount of vegetable matter.There is no better fertilizer torgrass than farmyard manure.Potatoes make a fairly good cropwith which to follow millet.There is no more convenient placeto haul the manure than to the grassland.Small patches of quack grass shouldbe dug out with forks and the rootsburned.Putting a small gasoline engine onthe grain or corn binder is a newwrinkle to save horse flesh.Those who have not already savedtheir seed corn, however, must do sofrom the product as it is husked.Seed corn must be selected earlyenough so that it may have plenty oftime to dry before cold weather.Cover crops are divided into twoclasses, based upon whether or notthey add any considerable amount offood.Cover crops, when plowed under, improve the physical condition of thesoil, making it porous and of bettertilth.Farmers operating on a large scaleoften keep in telegraphic or telephonic connection with the market towhich their products are consigned.Millet is rather hard on the fertility of the land," hut an ordinarilyrich corn belt soil -should yield twogood crops of millet in succession.A piece of rubber hose about a wirepail handle offers a splendid safeguard against cutting the hand- whencarrying cement and other heavystuff.The manner in which the corn isstored is not so important so longas some method is used which willpermit r a free circulation of air allabout the ears.Raising ths Wind.Pniniuauer would f,vmbc his irstent. That was his great weakiio.LI wont home one ovobiiis after a !:ul:7 -. He looked tired.Wje," he said, "have yon rot :"' ' to eat:"lots of tli'mr' the v-f s s ' 'roll, cook ii every tliln.T : uii ve &oi:rtlung."'"actons! Are :ou llit turnery V"" nt hungry ot o1!. I'ra ."oing toI t!u stove." K? mas City Stay.iThoughtful Maud.:.::'ud Yes, I got papa to buy a-a mini cleaner for mother. Je3iaTo - t'loughlful! Maud Yes. Mother. !tr'o stiffened up with rheuma--.. ;-o;i know, and I used to feel sor - to see her trying to use th.?- vi that I always left homo oncepliig day. Cleveland I'lain Deal-323QTW NdRuSTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyffiTOt' ssmiasmim&&'WLRich and Poor."There's a difference in children.""Ye: the poor man's children are'ssoN, the rich man'Washington Herald.liabilities."One Issue Gone.One of Uncle Sam's custom menfound 30 pockets in a woman's skirt.Now let the women forever hold theirtongues about not having equal right3 jwith men Milwaukee 'Journal.You have not fulfilled every duty unless you have fulfilled that of being3leasant Charles Buxton. j.Proof Positive."Mother," said Harold, "I've beenout to the barn and taken all theshoes off the horse.""Now, Harold," said his mother, '"you are telling me a wrong story, andI shall punish you." . J"No, truly, I have," persisted Har- jold. "1 took them off. and then I putthem on again. If you don't believeit, you can go out and look for your- jcoif" TTnrnpr'f? Mnsrazinp.. !Day Trip to St Louis.By. leaving Fan's en L. & N. tranS:20 a m.. direct conrrcticn is n ndewith the B. &. O. S-W fast trainleaving Cir.cinnaii 12 t'ckec nrondaily, arrivb.g Si. Louis at ciirhto'clock same everirjr. 'Ih'.s rain carries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction,"Pat lor curs, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSt. Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S-W.Ft Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidsilv 2:15 a. rn., 9 a. m. and 9:15 p.i ir. i2 uv except hunaay. lNignt trains' hme electric lighted sleeping carsviih individual beit'n lights. For information as to fares and other par-ticulars consult your loial ticket agenor addressS. T. SEELY.! T. P. A , B. & O. S-W. R. R.,513 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.tc-rr a.'jf c w.vra iNSDRE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell.Phone 162 Agent-MISS JESSIE BROWNArt Embroidery5Dolls and Fancy Novelties,E. Tenn. 'Phone 716..TmgRi. uwM!jgLiuaiAuwLifc.ijiijrjgast'LguLitiijSaved Child From Death."After our child had suffered fromsevere bronchial trouble for a year,"wrote G. T. Richardson, of Richardson's Mills, Ala., "we feared it hadconsumption. It had a bad coughall the t me. We tried many remedies without avail, and doctors' medicines seemed as useless. Finally wetried Dr- King's New Discovery," and (we ars pleased to pay that one bottle 'effected a complete euro, and he isagain strong and healthy.'' Forcough?, colds, hoarseness, lagrippe, 'asthma, croup and sore lungs it's themost infallible remed that's made. !Price 50c and $1. Trial bottle free.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOAM8 ALL SOUTH5SM ESOTSOM SAL,I3 OAIL.YVIAALLECU!PftiENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDIxxtt'ri atS UZjf,DZNiftG CASSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UMT1L ?AY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS, GALL OH ANY TICKET AGENT, QUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE,on whiteH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St, LEXINGTON, KY.8rMmji4ViiIJTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 14, 1911.cATS WHAT HE LIKESAFTER TAKING FREE SAMPLEIt will be welcome news to dyspeptics to learn of a remedy that, in theopinion of thousands, is an absolutecure for indigestion and all forms ofstomach trouble, and, better still, itis guaranteed to do so. The remedyis Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin.We all know the value of pure pepsin in indigestion, and add to thissome exceptional laxative ingredientsand you have a truly wonderful remedy. Mr. T. W. Worthy of Forsythe, Ga., got to the point wherehe could nor even eat or digest vegetables and after many years of seeking he found the cure in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. Mr. Rudy Kasner of Moline, 111., was in the samebad predicament with his stomach,took Syrup Pepsin and is now cured.Hundreds of others would gladly testify. It is a guaranteed cure for indigestion, constipation, biliousness , headaches, gas on the stomach and similarcomplaints. A bottle can be had atany drug store for fifty cents or adollar, but if you wish to make a testof it first, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will supply a freesample bottle, sent direct to your address. You will soon admit that youhave found something to replace salts,cathartics, breath perfumes and othertemporary reliefs. Syrup Pepsin willcure you permanently.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.MMB MHMHMM tXHMBMN rnHBHiMi OHM tMMHBMB MHBHMSMMM ABM flMM pAffectation Rebuked.When Alice Jones was IS, she became Miss Alysse Jones. When shewent to enter a normal school she wasasked her name by the dean. She replied: "Miss E. Alysse JonesA-1-y-s-s-e." "Yes," said the dean, "andhow are you spelling 'Jones' now?"mmKaattB.fcRATES.Homeseekers' FaresiTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohouia andTexas, on sale the first and third"Tuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip Winter Tourist Fare3 to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or N, T. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends and floraeSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSoprano 2,03 1-4 the 1911 trottingqueen at Lexington, who was sold during the trotting meeting by John E.Madden to Leopold Hauser, of Vienna,Austria, was shipped Sunday.Mr. Catesby Woodford, of Raceland stock farm sold last week to Mr.Jonas Weill 165 head of cattle at 6 1-2cents per pound. Seventy head averaging 1,330 pounds, were delivered Friday. C. C. Riens, of Clay county, whilea boy of seventeen 42 years ago boughta tract of alnd in that county payingtor it b sheep, 5 60 pound Bhoats, onecow anud a rifle. He sold the propertylast week' for $31,040 cash.The damages resulting to tobaccogrowers of this section of Nichoalscounty from the green tobacco freezing in the barns is reported to be veryserious and will amount to a loss ofthousands ot dollars to the growers.The tobacco crop was very late andhad not sufficiently cured to escapedamage when the cold weather came.Much of the tobacco is said to be turning black and ib ruined where itaffected.IISduality Backs Up Every Single DollarYou Invest In Furnitureand Housefurnishings At This StoreEvery dollar you spend for merchandise should come back to you full 1 00 cents worth of real truevalue. Only quality goods will bring you this return, such goods as you are assured at this store.One hundred cents worth of real vaiue,alwa) s at this store, money spent here is always money,well invested.People:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs Rosa V. Wallingf ord.The Secret."Why do you have those glass caseswith the ax, hammer, crowbar and soforth on these cars?" asked a traveler. "Oh, those are put there In case anyone wants a window open," repliedthe facetious man. Red Hen.Bloodlno Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.-Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I have,used Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.A Speedy Cure forConstipation, Biliousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,Liver Complaints, Tired Feeling, Bad Taste inthe Mouth, Bad Complexion, Nervousness and alldiseases of the Stomach, Liver and Bowels."Bloodine Liver Pills"act gently, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,stomach and ditrestive oreans. The pills, in oldand chronic cases of constipation and indigestion,actrt once, without griping, nor do they leave anyunpleasant after-effects, nor form a constant habitof pureinc:, produced by other cathartic remedies."Bloodine Liver Pills5'restore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcondition and healthful action. Remove and prevent constipation by securing a natural and regular operation of the bowels, and relieve those unpleasant symptoms which attend a diseased ormorbid condition of the liver, stomach and bowels.To assist la attaining this end, the following suggestions are offered.REMARKS. Everyone who uses pills fortheir action on the liver, should know that largedoses rarely prove as satisfactory as small ones.Large doses simply purge and pass out of the system, usually leaving the bowels constipated, andseldom removing the cause of the trouble, or improve the general health. On the other hand,small doses develop me alterative encn ot memedicine, do not irritate or constipate the bowels,but gently stimulate the liver and prevent theaccumulation of bile by directing its flow into thenmntr channels. Therefore it is advisable to commence by taking nbt over one or two pills at bedtime and increase dose as necessary.Portland, Ma.Gents: I find Your "Bloodine Liver Pills"the most effective pill I ever used. They causeno griping or constipative after effect as most liverpuis OO. luiua iruiy,MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.Bloodine Ointment cores Piles. 50c a bos.mIOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smart1 millinery.1 We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofj every woman and .feel confident! of your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.I Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Thanksgiving Tables,$3.75 up to $48.00Have that dining room completeby having one of our nice Tables toserve your Thanksgiving dinner on.Mattresses at LittleCostTry one of our Wood Wool Mattresses, and other ones.$2.75 up to $15.00m -rGet a HeaterThat Will SaveYou MoneyAnd will make the home likeSummer for your flowers.$5.75 up to $45.003Mission Tablesand ChairsTo match, or single," for yourdens. Prices so little.$11.75 up to$22.50Gents' Chiforobe for a Xmaspresent. $18.75 up to $48.IA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Cor. Main and Third Sts.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.Irrrmluargoien s.r&rmmMxSuperior Endores. Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It willpost you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etc.Superior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. Insist onSuperior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co.SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky.xzjaW. T. Brooks, Agent.The Mysteries ofMen's DiseasesOar book, the most complete ever published on"Men's Diseases," also the latest thesis on the"606," Ehrlich's Wonderful One-treatment BloodPoison Cure, will be sent free to any man whowill mention this newspaper, also disease.CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST CO.531 WALNUT STREET.IF YOU SUFFERrAn PrtTYHnfM- fThmnfe orSpecial Aiauent or Disease, suchas Varicocele, Hydrocele, Rupture, Piles. Fistula, Blood Poison,Rheumatism, Ciccrs, Sores, SkinDiseases. Jerrcnn Debility, orany SPFCIAL ailment that hasbeen hanging on for 'wet.ks orconths, resisting the treatmentsof various doctors and druggistsntl win ,t !(oflnrart-d &ndAt em9nLA twWntl.f if 11 Fplated failures of doctors who'have taxen your nara-earnearaoney gli Ins: yon only In return Ismtiesana pniiu Ml IIVUUfnla I J UvJllf0$.sffrf&t",,u"-v-'. --- - --i.t n. vav mil nirsr iuicki7your affliction will yield to thet-eatment of physicians who KNOW HOW. If yon prefer, 3u can arrange to pay our mall professional fee laInstallments to suit your convenience. f5 to 515 1 allyou need to be ct.rei coder lbs guarantee of o Careho Par TCe offer yoa our 16 years cf reliability andrtl'l here In Cincinnati. Eraythicg strictly confidently fep.clal Parlom for Trirafy Call or write.Citsultatlon, Examination anddvice FRCR.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,j Beef, Pork, Etc.iI Margolen,L Paris, Ky. Iinmb!cmI4AThe Lamp ThatSaves The EyesChildren naturally never think ofpossible strain on their eyesight whenporing over a fascinating book.It is up to you to see they do not ruintheir young eyes these long eveningsby reading under a poor light.The Rayo Lamp is an insuranceagainst eye troubles, alike for youngana oia.The Rayo is a low-priced lamp, but it is constructed on the soundestscientific principles, and there is not a better lamp made at any price.It is easy on the eye because its light is so soft and white andwidely diffused. And a Rayo Lamp never flickers.' Easily lighted without removing shade or chimney; easy to dean and rewick.Solid brass throughout,.with handsome nickel finish; also in many other styles and finishes.Ask your dealer to show you his line of Rayo lamps ; or write for descriptive circularto any agency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)It Startled the World.when the astounding claims werefirst made foi Bucklen's Arnica Salvehut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them true, and everywhere it is now known as the bestpalve on earth for burns, boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Only 25c at Oberdor-fer's.Dally Thought.In the center of the world whlrjwind, verily now as, in the oldest daydwells and speaks a God. Carlyle.ss.State op Ohio, City op Toledo. )Lucas County. fFrank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior member of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe city of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.. Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D.. 18S6.A. W, GLEASON,Notarv Public.(Seal)A Burglar's Awful Deed.may not paralyze a home so completely as a mother's long illness.sud ur. icing's iew ijiio r-ms are Q f pation.splendid remedy for women. "Theygave me wonderful benefit in constipation and female trouble," wroteMrs. M. C. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn.If ailing try them. 25c atOberdorfer'sHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-Epidemic o Scarlet Fever.Scarlet fever is raging in Carlisleand a number of new cases have beenreported. The lower grades in thepublic cshools have been closed for twoweeks and children are not permtitedto attend Sunday cshool or any gatherings of a public nature. As yet nodeaths have resulted from the disease.And Striped Like Tigers.Horses that are spotted like leopards are common In China, but wahave stranger species over here. Politicians that are spotted like the mischief are common in this country.Philadelphia Inquirer.The Singer.And still a sons rose to his lips,In spite of toll and trouble:The woe that unrelenting? grip.And fame's elusive bubble.For the Rich.If thou art rich then show the greatress of thy fortunate; or, what is better the greatness of thy soul in themeekness of thy conversation.:Sterne.v' Wf t . TLoud."Is this dress apt to be easily spotted?" she inquired."At least four blocks off, I shouldjudge," answered1 the gentlemanlyclerk.j fj f ; .4Walter Price Gives Bond.The exaimning trinl of Walter Pricwho shot and kiled his brother, BryanPrice, and Chapman Renaker, at Cynthiana on the night of Octc ber 31, washeld before County Judge T. E. KirgThursday and he was held over to thegrand jury in one thupnd dollarbond, which he gave. Price, in hstestimony, claimed he shot in self defense, htat Renaker was advancing enhim with a knife and that he shot hisbrother accidentally while shooting atRenaker. He said that after tue firstaltercation with Renaker and anoth rman he and his brotuet icft andRenaker followed him up. JamesWyatt, who was on duty the night ofthe killing, near the scene of wherethe shooting took place and who wasone of the first to arrive after theshots were fked, says he saw someonepick up a knife and ether witnessescorroborate Price's statements in themain.Expensive Way.One way of taking the rest cure isto wait three hours every day in thaante-room of a fashionable physician.Kansas City Journal.Kh9gzzLMONEYIH tMCi mi mm MWJK9We tellyouhow, and pay best marketprices. We are dealers; establishedin 1856; and can do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bankralmisville. Write for weekly price list.1 M. SABEL Ot 5uri227-28-31 &33 L Market St, LHHSYIU.E, KY.Dealers In FURS, HIDES, WOOL.tfIgJtTLET US CURE YOU!THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 14 1911.illkRtrRqVal.BAKING-KOWDEAbsolutely PureTo have pure and wholesomefood, be sure that your bakingpowder is made from creamof tartar and not from alum.The Label will guide youRoyal is the only bakingpowder made from Royal, Grape Cream of TartarNo Alum No Lime PhosphatestMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. Sallie Btst and Mr. J. H.Stewart are among the sick.Mrs. H. D. Shy visited relatives inParis from Friday until Monday.Mr. G. F. Jones was in Cincinnati-on business from Tuesday until Friday.Mr3. T D. Judy, who has been con'fine to her home for the past two"weeks is able to be out again.Mr and Mrs. Wra. Insko moved'Monday to th&ir home just completedin Judyville from the property of Mr.Phillip Maher on Trigg avenue.Mr. E. M. Thomason was in Maysville on business Saturday.Mr. Chas. Robertson is building aconcrete residence in Judyville.The ladies of the Christian churchdid well with their food sale Saturday.The stone pillars to the approach ofM. M. I. grounds have been ornamented by large sine balls.Mr. Wm. Payne, aged 68 years, diedat'his home between Cynthiana andRuddles Mills Saturday at 4 a. m.after a lingering illness, Some monthsago Mr. Payne was stricken withparalysis from which he never recovered. Added to this he has been suffering for quite a long time with a complicated stomach trouble. He was aprominent farmer and was born withina few miles of Millersburg. He wasmarried early in life to Miss Current,a sister of the late Mr. M. H. Current,and is survived by his wife and fivechildren, three sons, Messrs. Carl,William and Herbert Payne, the eldestresiding in Cynthiana ; two daughters,Mrs. J. T. Judy, of Millersburg, andMiss Bessie Payne. He is also survived by three sisters, Mesdames F. A.Herbert, James Thorne and HoracePrudy. The funeral took place Monday at 10 a. m. from his late residence.Burial in Millersburg cemetery.Quite a number are taking advantage of the present cold spell to butcher their hogs.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Shrout, ofOwingsville, were guests of her parents from Friday until Monday.Mrs. W. A. Munzing, ot Maysville,was the guest of her mother, Mrs.Martha Vimont and family from Friday until Monday.Misses Elizabeth Ingles, Mattie andLucia Butler and Capt Davis, of M.M. I., spent Monday with Cadet Blackburn at Georgetown.The protractud meeting at thePresbyterian church closed Sundaynight. The meeting was an interesting one and much good was accomplished. Mrs. J. J. Peed and daughter, MissCarrie Peed, will leave Wednesday toattend the wedding of Miss BesssiePeed to Mr. Yancey at Mayslick onThursday.Mrs. D. R. Wells, of Nashville,Tenn., was the guest of his brother,Mr. M. P. Wells, Saturday and Sunday. He was enroute to Robinsoncounty.The birthday social at the Presbyterian church Saturday night was wellattended. The weather was verythreatening and some were kept awaywho otherwise would have been there.The evening was spent pleasantly.Cakes and ices were served.The cold wave struck here earlySurday morning. 'rThe heavy wind prevailed all of the day Saturday whichcontinued until Sunday night. Butlittle damage has been reported. Themercuryr egistered at 12 above zeroMonday morning at 5 o'clock.The young ladies of M. F. C, willeive the popular drama, "A Girl'sSecret," at the M. F. C. chapel Saturday evening beginning at tight o'clock.Every Day is BargainI Day at Our Store. - IIW"i'WTVHy' "'" ijji I i i MimrajmiiirniiiBMfci mm aiyii ii nr ..i ,- M, , .m jl1 FOOT WES AR. FASHIONSOur New and "Distinctly Different" Line of Fail ShoesRepresent the pick of the product of the best and most recognizedShoe Makers of National reputation. When you buy of us you canrest assured that no model, unless conforming in every particular tothe accepted smart styles, can find a place on our shelves. We invite you to call and inspect them, comparing our low prices in comparison to what you have to pay at other stores for like quality.This is the Right Time to Buy Rubber Footwear,Don't be caught on a rainy day without proper protection to yourfeet. We are headquarters for everything in Rubber Footwear,which we retail at wholesale prices. Our low prices are the talk ofthe town.MiVPFor Style, Fit, Comfort and QualityThe Walk-OverShoesAre unequaled. We have them inI I 41 I 4-XSf- k S-XWAV -h. M w I . W m. Uxk J. .. X. Vcui tuc xaicai new iuc: in l alls, i aLdHS,bun Metal and Box Calr. lry them. WTOrSSf IIlf Ck IA. ta vvssnrfx as&m Wsft55BBS8M ZJOHLJ IIiM iDAN COH336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The jJig Defctric Sign.L. iThe piece is a comedy drama in threeacts and is full of amusing situationsThecast is strong and is being trainedby Miss Walker, instrcutor in expression. An interesting program will nerendered between acts and the proceeds of the entertainment will go tothe college annual. Reserved seats 35cents. General admission 25 cents.Tickets on sale at the postoffice andcollege,FUR SALS Cheap, a lot of firstclass rye. No better feed whenground.PEALE COLLIER & CO. :Sue Fisher, colored, was tried Monday morning in police court beforeJudge Waddell for the unlawful sale ofliquor. She pled guilty and was ffned525 which was replevied.Dropped Dead on Street.Mr. David Bell, a farmer, residingon the Peacock pike a few miles fromParis dropped dead on Fourth street inthe rear ot the residence of Mrs. JuliaFrank yesterday afternoon about oneo'clock, from an attack of heart disease. Mr. Bell came to Paris yesterday inapparently good health and a fewminutes before his death was talkingto his soh, Mr. Dudley Bell. He hadbeen subject to slight attacks of hearttrouble for some time.Sevreal persons passing on tne streetsaw him when he fell to the pavementand rushed to his assistance. He wascarried to the office of the Bourbonuarage ana supply uo., wnere be expired in a few minutes following theattack.Mr. Bell was aged about 73 yearsand is .survived by his wife, threesons, John H., W. U., and E. D. Bell,of Bourbon, and two daughters, Mrs.Nettie Florence and Mrs. Mattie Florence, also of this county. CoronerRudolph Davis held an invetsigationorer the remains and determined thecause of his death. The body wastaken to the home of his son on thePeacock pike. -Funeralarr angementshave not yet been announced.Whitman's Candies.New stock of Whitman's fine boxcandies just received.2t VARDEN & SON.MATRIMONIAL.wasMr.cityThe marriage of Mr. Joseph S.Brooks and Mrs. Carah Gerrish. bothof KansasCity, Mo., was celebratedon Saturday, November 4. The bridewas a wealthy widow with two children. The announcement of the marriage is of special interest to the manyKentucky friends of the brideproora,who was a bachelor, and was a nativeof Bourbon county, being a son of thelafe Samuel Brook9, and a brother ofMrs. Benjamin Woodford, and of thelate Mrs. Buckner Woodford. Heraised on the farm now owned byJohn T. Hinton just outside thelimits.Mr. Brooks has been a resident ofKansas City for a number of years,and has made for himself quite a reputation as an office lawye-, being amember of the largest law firm in thecity of his adoption.At Cost for Cash.Beginning on November 15 our entire stuck of millinery will be sold forcash for the next 17 days, or until December 1 at cost and below. In orderto get cash we will make this sacrificeon all trimmed hats, pattein hats, ribbons, trimmings, etc. We have a goadline of S6 ?nd $7 hats that we will sellat $3.50.This is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinrey, as this advertisement is not made to fool the public butto impress them that we are willing tosacrifice our stock to turn it into cashat once.MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Just Received.Just received pure country sorghumand Heinz sour kraut.10 2t BAIRD & TAYLOR.BIRTHS.Born, near Kiserton Sunday to thewife of Mr. Harry Larkins twin boys.Go Hunting Prepared.Prepare yourself for the huntingseason with a pair of 'hose superiorhunting shoes the "Triumph Elk," wesell them in Paris. Thpy are absolutely waterproof and are conceded to bethe best made,tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.At Cost or Cash.Beginning on November 15 our entire stock of millinery will be sold forcash for the next seventeen days oruntil December 1 at cost and below.In order to get the cash we will makethis sacrifice on all trimmed hats, pattern hats, ribbons, trimmings, etc.Wo have a good line of $6 and $7 hatsthat we will sell at $3.50.This is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinery as this advertisement is not made to fool the publicbut -to impress them that we are willing to sacrifice our stock to turn it into cash at once.MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Parliamentary Law Class.So great has been the interest in theclass in Parliamentary Law which hasbeen taught by Mrs. G. B. Longan ofKansas City, Mo., that she has beenurged to teach a second class to becomposed of both ladies and gentlemen.Mrs. Longan will give a free talk, onthe subject Tuesday evening & 7:30o'clock at the courthouse, to whifch aljare coraiauy mviiea.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cdt or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfnp9K$? asfw--W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings ForWhole Family at Reasonable Prices.theWe suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying sometlhing for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured Ring.Here is a ring thafc is so good that; it is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with' theutmost confidence. It is the ring" we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy ot a guarantee.The "W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,$5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thi3world that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.$r (WWWljf'(5 SSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.LboUBoth Phones."The House of Quality."smzj''N TMSIfllillb Ili HnilllCopyright 1910. by fSyfifandard AtUY&HOULD sickness come, or an accident occur, are vouprepared to provide the extra money required at sucha time? If not, why take chances? Are you prepared for the unexpected? Provide for the emergency byhaving money in the bankWe pay3per cent, interest on savings accountsOF PARIS.Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000t?c $" 4 fr"CCH$Kn$fr?1Q JL OPARISJust Received.Just received pure country sorghumand Heinz sour kraut.10 2t BAIRD & TAYLOR.Tangled Case Settled.The tangled cases involving thesettlement of the estate uf SamuelHrading, who died in 1903 in Danvillewere decided by the Court of Appeals.It dismissed the appeal in the case ofLucy W. Harding against RobretHardnig. etc., reversed judgment inthe case of Samuel Harding's administrator against Lucy W. Harding, andaffirmed the cross appeal in the samecase. Mr. Harding left abouts$100.000, and there has been litigation foverthe estate ever since his death. TheCourt of Appeals says Mrs Hardingshall bo given more than was awardedher in the judgment in the lower court.HINT0N,KENTUCKYFUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDEMBALMERAmbulance Service FumigatingBest Equipped Establishment in Central KentuckyBOTH PHONES Day 36NIGHT PHONESOld 56 or 22New 65, 22 or 286?4frfrfrfr ,PUBLIC SALE-OF A-BOURBON COUNTY FARM!inI will sell at public auction, without reserve or by-bid, onTUESDAY, NOV. 28, 1911,at 2 o'clock p m., on the premises, my iarm of 235 acres, on the Georgetownpike, eight miles from Paris, eight mile from Georgetown, two "miles fromNewtown and one mile from F. & C. R. R. station..mis lanu is wen locaiea, on one ot the best pikes in the county, is allgrass; well watered, and outside fencing good. It has a small tenant house.J.UU acres 01 tnis iana win grow tobacco.TERMS -One-third Pfteh hnlnnoA in fwrt 0nni : ,.., , . . . -". wi.vz tuoi jiaviucms iu one ana twoyears, deferred notes bearing interest from date six per cent, and a lien retaineduu, iouu uuui iwiu, ui ens purnaser may pay an cash.Immediate possession.M1RS. MARLY IRELAND DAVISGEO. D. SPEAKES. Auctioneer. "urLf UAVI2J.nnvFnfnUSmrlnf0rSatl0n a(ldress Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky., or John M.Clay, who will show the farm to prospective purchasers.(ll-18-22-25nov-4t) - ,-L.