- v"- tii "r1" W "J-' v- ."- A-, -" r.-.V-- 5.iTHE BOURBON NEWS.k-U-fPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXLPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1911J f , if1fcPr"4IITo Our PatronIt-We have enjoyed one of the most successfulI ' holiday trades during our existance, and we desireto express ourselves as being very grateful to ourmany customers and friends.To each and everyone we wish a New Yearof much happiness and prosperity.LEPARTMENT STOREParis, Kentuckymmumhih 1fGREETINGmmIIGood Day For Knives.In a difficulty which occurred atRuddles Mills Sunday morning betweenRichard Henson and Cleveland Weaver,the latter was dangerously cut. Thedifficulty took place in fbont of thestore of Albert Rice, where it is saidWeaver was playing with a small boywhen Henson came up. The two menengaged in heated words, when, it i3alleged Weaver threw a atone strikingHenson in the head.Henson closed in on Weaver with anopen knife and inflicted a deep woundon the head and face, the gash starting at a point near the top of thehead, ranging downward, narrowlymissing the eye and cutting the lipbadly.He was taken to tho home of a relative where he received medical attention, eighteen stitches being necessaryto close the wound. It ia feared hiseye may be affected as a result of theinjury.Henson received a gash in the sideof the head from the rock thrown byWeaver and a physician was called tostop the profuse flow of blood. DeputySheriff Talbott went to Ruddles Millsand placed Henson under arrest, lodging him in the Paris jail, but later hegave bond for his release. Weaver,who is a clerK in the Stout Restaurantin this city, was on a visit to relativesin Ruddles Mills, where the cuttingoccurred.S 66WE KNOW HOW""I99 SV")''ft!fW.7I4S4JI desire to extend my sincere thanks tomy patrons and friends for their liheralpatronage throughout the year, and wishone and all- a happy and prosperous NewYear.In a difficulty which occurred at thestore of Welsh Brothers, near Centerville, Will Welsh, a member of thefirm, was cut and stabbed thirty-sixtimes by Arch Ryles, who, it is said,attaced him after he had called him tothe door of his store.Facts concerning the difficulty arevery meager but it is said that on lastSaturday night Ryles became involvedin a difficulty with a man whosename could not be learned in the storeof Welsh Bros., and Will Welsh, in aneffort to keep down trouble betweenthe two men, separated them and locked up his store for the night.Ryles, according to our informant,went away with the crowd, but returned shortly afterwards and called Welshto the door, asking him to let him into get a bundle he had forgotten.Welsh unlorked the door, when, it issaid, Ryles sprang at him with anopen knife. In his efforts to avoid theblows Welsh slipped to the door, Rylesupon him, the latter using his knifefreely.Thirty-six times Ryles slashed orstabbed Welsh, but only one of thewounds, which was in the side wasserious. Welsh is suffering considerably from his injuries but none of thetsmmriq twill nrnvfl serious. No warrant was issued for the arrest' of Ryleajand it is said Welsh will not prosecutehim."-V9.,hsvWE wish to thank our friends andpatrons for their many courtesies andtrust that our business relations in the futurewill be as pleasant as they have in the past.Wishing you a Merry Christmas and aHappy New Year.1- XT XCT W k" 'wj vYrj f XMf X" t rjrfiw$,-' r6r 4. & -"j. - rt"VUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75Fresh Fish Every Friday and Saturday.:tT. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,irwIMitchell & Blakemore9Outfitters to Men - Paris, KentuckywmSmA inan by the name of Blackerby became disorderly in the groery store ofGeorge Insko at the corner of Eighthand High streets Saturday afternonp.hout 4 o'clock, and when Insko attempted to put him out a scuffle ensued which conntinued out in the streetcrowded with Christmas shoppers.Some of the crowd took a hand in thetroubles and for a few minutes a free-for-all;fight ensued. Deputy SheriffEarnpst Maitrn happened along anamade an effort to restore order. Inthe melee he was slashed across theface with a knife by Jeff Risk, anergo, who in sortie way had gotteninto the fight. One of Martin's woundsextended from the right ear across thecheek bone to the bridge of the nose,and the other auross the right cheek.Fortunately none of the wounds areserious and Martin is getting alongnicely. Risk made his escape and hasnot been apprehended.PRICE & CO.Lamiiiiiiinii iiiJLrJiLiaixiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin ii 11 11 111 ii 11 1 ii ii 1 1 inn 1 111111 1111 1111 iiiiii 11 11 iiii 111 iiiiHJMiiiiimiiiiiiiniiuuiuiigChas. Tutter, colored, residing inthe negro suburb of Claysville, wascut on the left cheek Sunday afternoonwhile engaged in a fight with his stepfather, Lewis Lee. Lee was arrestedand placed in jail. In Squire Fretwell's court Tuesday morning he wasfined $25 and costs.Reaul Branfield, a negro desperado,shot and instantly killed Louis Ramseyand mortally wounded Frank Ramsey,who died about midnight Tuesday inFulton county. The negro was captured and taken to Paducah for safe keeping. A mob of several hundred pursued the sheriff and his prisoner when itwas learned he had been capture, butthe would be lynchers were eluded.!PRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.u. jreffut"7 desire to express our good .wishes For g1912 to our many patrons.On Robinson creek in Pike countyChristmas day Noah Roberts, Gen.Branahan and Jailer Branahan met inthe road after a quarrel and a desperate battle ensued resulting in Robertsbeing instantly killed. The Branahanbrothers then clashed resulting in bothbeing fatally injured. An old grudgeis said to have existed.Cow creek, Magoffin county, wasthp scene of a terrible tragedy Sundayevening, when Samuel Pickleheinier,aged 50 years, former justice of thepeace, was shot dead in tho door of hisdwelling. Barry Burten is under arrest charged with the killing,To Our Patrons:IXfE desire to thank our customers for their trade,during the past year, and wish all a year of Health,Happiness and Prosperity.WE will, for the coming year, be better prepared tofurnish the wants of the trade than ever before, andtrust that we may be able to serve you to our mutualbenefit.Special Af ter-Xmas PricesON-mprige. & 60. GiotnierWhile wrestling in a spirit of funover the Dossession of a shot gunI Geotge Rice, aged 19 years, was almost instanuy Kineu wnen me juwas discharged and the contents entered his breast.wsisr:.W ' Suits, Cloaks and Fursgh4!T , rrji-:r ' Zf.. -."'" ISC ' JTT"-"!Near Wilhelmina, Todd county,Horace Greenfield was shot and seriusly wounded by Neal Shanklin. Shanklin claims the shooting was accidental.In a saloon fight at Winchester Monday night Ben Boughy almost decapitated Dick Jordan with a knife.M ' J .rrank & Lo. IParis, - - Kentucky ; miHUII!MUMIIlMMHWUIW.XiUHIIINIIIIIIlipiUMlllllll!IIIIIIIIIllllMIIILllUIUJUIJIIIIIII mimmtHiMUUMMim k. .. . i iimi rmiiiW mtt" mttm - m mit Wkfl rial' . .. M. -3.1i.i!t 'i1iSiPPlKRiliZIWwIP&tte:ewM--"r-,"B-Qi3VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 29, 1911ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.Bfesl V fillLOWEY & TALBOTTIPeiris, KezituLGfcv5& '5 s,rT&l2r .-BourbonD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.asvsmas(1vstoBourbonHjr J If' nhParis, Kentucky.IflMSl0. H. CHENAULT, Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)Bj YTaiwiiuuoL aimNo. 574-535 South LTpper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBoth ahones 965LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways frr one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and suc2ess of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee cur customers the bestprices and the beirl treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house be fere selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the salss behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you vill come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORST. P. Farnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with'the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bringtheir tobacco to himand t(f come to the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.IWork Will Soon Start.after you take Dr. King's New LifePills and you'll quickly enjoy theirfine results. Constipation and indigestion vanish and line appetite returns.Tney regulate stomach, liver andbowels and impart new strength andenergy to the whole system. Try them25c at Oberderfer's.Savages With 'Phones.The semi-barbarous tribes of Australia make use of telephones connecting their encampments.Wins Fight for Life.-It was a long and bloody battle forlite that was waged by J. B. Mershon-of Newark, N J., of which he writesIhad lost much blood from lunghemorrhages and was very weak andrun down. For eight months 1 wasunable to work. Death seemed toclose on my heels, when I beganthree weeks ago to use Dr. King'sNew Discovery. But it has helped megreatly. It is doing all that you claim."For W3ak,sore lungs, obstinate coughsstubborn colds, hoarseness, lagrippe,asthma, hay fever or any throat 01li-ng trouble Its supreme. 50c and $1.T ial bottle free. Guar.inte2d by Oberdorfer,will not be yours unless youITS re a yarlo:: store as artisticas it is serviceable. Hare alook,at the stores in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold store you erer saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stores cannot be boughtcheaper.v-LaundryA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleaded with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,wZ. T. SELLERS, Vice-Pres.ivwuirwO. H. Chenault, Lexington, Ky.R, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. O. Roberts, Auctioneer.A Df eadiul Woundfrom a knife, gun, tin can, rusty nail,fireworks or of any other nature demands prompt attention with Bucklen's Arnica Salve to pi event bloodpoison or gangrene. It's the quickest' surest healer for all such woundsas also for burns, boils, sores, skinreruptions, eczema, chapped hands,I coans or piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Large Increase in Business.Our holiday business this year hasbeen nearly double that of last vear.i The reason is the people are usinamore judgment x in their purchases,they are buying something worthwhile. Our store is full of usefulpresents. Store open at nights,x J. T. HINTON.LOST.A black leather Boston bag, containing surgical instruments and bandageslost between Fifth street in Paris andJames Woodford's residence on Glintonville pike. Suitable reward for return of bag and instruments to undersigned or to News office.DRS. FITHIAN & DAUGERTY.Paris.-Ky.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PBONES,'i24.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, PoHtolSca as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 188 1 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$2.00, Payable inLooks Like Business.An entirely unprecedented thing occurred in Washington during the weekfollowing the convening of the presentsession of.Gongress on December 4, although the country may not have beentoo busy to have noticec1 it.The Democratic House met on everyone of the six days following the opening day, remaining in session throughout each day, every moment consumedin real work, until it was time to lightthe lamps.This policy is in contrast to the Republican custom of meeting on openingday, and, after remaining in session afew moments, adjourning to the secondday thereafter; and upon conveningthe second day thereafter; of adjourning to the second day after that and soon until two full weeks had been wasted, when adjournment would be takenfor the holidays. In the meantime ofcourse the Congressman's pay of $20.83per day, $156 per week and $625 permonth would go merrily on the peoplepaying the bill. The new policy simply means this, that the Democratsmean business.Not a "Do Nothing" Session"If anybody thinks this is going tobe a 'do nothing' Congress they arebadly mistaken," was the answermade by Champ Clark to the proposition that the Democrats proposed todevote the present session to efforts to"put the Republicans in a hole," so asto strengthen their own position fornext year."The Democratic party made thedefinite promise to give the pecple re-lief from conditions which have cometo be regarded as intolerable," theSpeaker continued. "The best wayfor us to play politics is to carry to aconclusion, insofar as we are able, theexcellent record we have alreadymade. The people are looking to usfor accomplishment rather than forstrategy, and we need have no fear ofthe future if we go along with ourprogram as we have started."Mr. Clark has been telling his coworkers in the house that if the partygoes to dilly-dallying around, trying toput the president ancfthe standpattersand the insurgents in a deep, darkhole, the result will be more disastrousto the hole diggers than to thoso whomthey might intend to engulf therein. 3Mr. Clark, in other words, realizesthat the present is his party's opportunity, and that the best way to takeadvantage of it is through action, rather than with attempts to shift theblame to the other fellow.Why Teddy Was Doomed.The Roosevelt renomination talk,which was more'pronounced during therecent meeting of the Republicannational committee than at any timesince the former president's returnfrom 'Africa, has died down again.And now comes the report that thistalk was started by the old guardleaders among the committeemen forthe purpose of frightening Mr. Taftinto allowing them to have control ofthe preliminaries of the next Republican convention in Chicago. This control means a big advon'tage to thosewho possess it, for with it goes theauthority to dictate seating arrangements, admissions, distribution ofpatronage and committee assignments;in short it means control of the convention right up to the time of balloting. The Roosevelt talk, according to thebest information, did not spring fromfriends of the former president, butfrom his enemies. The "plan was, bystarting this talk to disconcert and divide the insurgents. Then, with Mr.Taft deserted by all except the southern postmaster delegates, a dpadlockcould be forced, which could be brokenat the proper time in favor of a compromise candidate acceptable to theold guard leaders.As a result of these machinations ithas been stated, apparently with someshow of authority that Mr. Taft is sodisgusted with conditions within, hisparty, that he may withdraw from theI race entirely.1J0. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Mr. Norton "Found."Somebody wrote to Washington toask what had become of Mr. Norton,who was lately secretary to PresidentTaft. The writer hastens to answeasfollows: "Mr. Norton is alright. Hehas gone the way of previous secretaries and is now in one o'f Mr. J. P.Morgan's banks. It is only a shortjump after all, from White House toWall street, and the path is muchtraveled, both coming and going.Democratic Caucus Calls areIssued.J State Chairman Henry R. Prewitthas issued the following calls forcaucus of Democratic members of theHouse and Senate for the purpose ofelecting the officers of both bodies: g"A meeting of the Democratic members of the House of Representativesis called for 2 p. m. on Monday, TJanuary 1, 1912, to meet in the hall of theHouse of Representatives in the StateCapitol at Frankfort for the purposeof organizing by electing a chairmanan secretary of said caucus, and forthe further purpose of nominating aDemocratic candidate for Speaker,clerk, sergeant at arms and all otherofficers to be elected by the House ofRepresentatives. Every Democraticmember of the House is requested tobe present at the time anil place aboveindicated.HENRY R. PREWITT."Chairman of the Democratic StateCentral and Executive Committeesof Kentucky."R. G. PHILLIPS, Secretary.""A meeting of the Democratic members of the Senate is called for 2:30 p.m. on Monday. January 1, 1912, tomeet in the Senate chamber in theState Capitol at Frankfort for thepurpose of organizing by electing apresident pro tempore of the Senate,clerk, sergeant at arms and all otherofficers to be elected by the Senate.Every Democratic member of the Senate is reuesqted to be present at thetime and place above indicated.HENRY R. PREWITT."Chairman of the Democratic StateCentral and Executive Committees ofKentucky."R. G. PHILLIPS, Secretary."The call of the joint caucus will beissued some time next week. The caucus will go through the form of nominating Representative Ollie James tothe Senate.From all information that can begained the fight for the speakershippromises to bo the hottest that hashappened at Frankfort for many days.Scott'sEmulsionkeeps childrenhealthful and happy.Give them a few drops ofthis strengthening foodmedicine every day andwatch them grow.IT PREVENT3CroupWhooping - CoughBronchitisLoss of Fleshand many other troublesALL DRUGGfSTS11-15Stomach Blood andLiver TroublesMuch sickness starts with weak stomach, and consequentpoor, impoverished blood. Nervous and pale-people lackgood, rich, red blood. Their stomachs need invigoratingfor, after all, a man can be no stronger than his stomach.A remedy that makes the stomach strong and the liveractive, makes rich red blood and overcomes and drivesout disease-producing bacteria and cures a whole multitude of diseases.Get rid of your Stomach Weakness andLiver Laziness by taking a coarse ofDr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discoverythe great Stomach Restorative, LiverInvi&orator and Blood Cleanser.You can't afford to accept any medicine of unknowncomposition as a substitute for "Golden Medical Discovery," which is a medicine of known coMPOsmoNhavinga complete list of ingredients in plain English on its bottle-wrapper,same being attested as correct under oath.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulateGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 899. ,-SSSSatSsssSfcSsstssSggfljgSyiaS)The Best is none,and make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.SSHSQ&sS&XfesaSesxggogxEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local jslucLLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour- pbon County Exchanges at -Paris, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little1" Rock aiRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service jouHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j f( E T 334Residence Home 33i.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpStairsOver'Varden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DR. A. H KELlLER,Practicing Physician,OfficesPvOoms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g,Paris, .... KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and coldjj baths.Everything neat and clean. "Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.BloodillS E- A. Cross, 516 GlaseovrCttrAfl Street. Portsmouth, va.du i Says: "My WifeJKtieXim&tism Has used Bloodlne for' Rheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds It givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good.' VW. T. Brooks, Agent.On a Higher Plane.Love letters will be on a much higher plane when the mails are carriedby airships. Washington Post,H Skfliilf1 2&iand Invigorate Stomach, Liver andBowels,too good for you. J"Fruit and Shade Trees.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhabarb.Peoniea,Roses, Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No ager.ta.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONSf3 oct 2m Lexnigton. KyFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.MRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.S & ISfeDC? (gfeffi3SSiWsNRam4"WEBSTER'S ITVTC"TTT NINTERNATIONAL.munuNARY HTHE MERR1AM WEBSTERThe Only-New unabridged die-. J XUUUJ JDQIO. Hvuu.Mtiua me pun. ana essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in zsingle book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page.400,000 Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million, dollars.Let us tell you about this motremarkable single volume.W&ZEm Write for saxnptepages, full particulars, etc.Name thispaper andwe willBead freea set olPocketMap&C MtrriaaCs.vS6rmSl!lSFmmmkjKSSQgTA EwBfiflavTj lmMmM . wSpriagfiel, M&aaJf M .PVl"i'jnvs TWMMMuaaiasES1THE, BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; lc. 29; 1ILlcjr- "V.9ifrfcfllBk MH .. MM. . " " .-rIIII -And our heartfelt thanks to all Paris and Bourbon people for the splendid business that you have given us in 1911.J We are entering upon a new year (1912) and we purpose, -withyour assistance, to make it the most all 'round satisfactory year in the history of our business.flf We fully realize just how much the measure of our success depends upon our ability to satisfactorily serve youand to the end of bettering our service we shall labor unceasingly. J Service improved in every way where improvement ispossible, better goods where possible and prices as low aspossible.Into 1912 we enter with every effort put forth to make,you realize (and realizing patronizing) that this is THEstore that from every standpoint merits your patronage.Again for a splendid businesss in 1911 we thank you andtrusting to be favored with yonr ,patronage in 1912, we areI,A. F. WHEELER &. COIfliin and Third Sts.CHAS. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court HouseiI"fe&i&b?fsGENILEMANSSHOEFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave Stoxd for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.W, It 'i1 1 vvMfc jE rIIEMATI8ICured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.MPWillBHSnjsiNOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2i Cents per lb.I MAX MUNICK,J$Sth Street, PARI3, KY.J Call East Tenn. Phone 374Bloodine Itching- and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen. Gaffney. S C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.Notice to Stockholders.V"The Stockholders cf th BourbonBank, of Paris, Ky., will meet at thebanking house on Monday, January 1,1 1912. between the hcura of 9 a. in. and3 p. m , to elect directors for the eni suing year.1 BUCKNEU WOODFOifO, Tr.sld.ntS. E. BEL'FOKD. Cashier.Aching bones, swollen joints perm anently cured throuh the blood withpure botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sj'mpthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood ot warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othe.imedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large hottie, with diiections for home cure.S iiiip-D s:nt free by writing Blood.. n 3 Atlanta, Ga. Describevv.ii trcn'J'c Jnd free medical advicegi.on j Ly Varden & Son.THEATRICAL."THE PINKLADY" AT LEXINGTON.The engagement extraordinary ofKlaw & Erlanger's musical comedy deluke "The Pink Lady" which is to beseen at the Lexington, Opera HouseFriday and Saturday and Saturdaymatinee January 5 and 6, brings therethe most talked of hit that the American stage has known in a decade. Thepiece has never failed to arouse interest and already has a chain of recordsto its credit that would make otherthings look small in comparison. Ithas broken all records in Boston following its sensational engagement inNew ork City where it ran for ayear.Another company played one weekin Pittsburg to the enormous receiptsof $23,405, which included a specialThanksgiving matinee and yet whichis a record that will hardly he equaledin a long time. In Washington whichis extraordinarily a one week's standthe compaus played two weeks to re- iceipts that tan clo3e to $46,000, there-,by setting a new mark that will standfor a long time in the capital of thenation.The company trrrjresent "The PinkLady" in Lexington is the newest and ;prettiest organzation Klaw & Eralingerhave identified with this, their pet attraction. It numbers one hundred (people and includes a cast that wasselected as to its individual strength, jIn addition the chorus is known as the JpinK or penection pare ot me periormance and the famous Pink LadyUrcnestta that played lvan uaryn, adelightful ecore all throughYork run is traveling withpany and will take ovp-r thepit, allowing the Lexington musiciansa holiday while the big musical comedyis in Lexington. iThis should prove a delightful part'of the presentations for the music requires subtle treatment to bring outits niceties and though you may befamiliar witn the leading strains ofthe score you will not have expenenc- Jed its delight until you hear it playedby the orchestra that hrst made themusic popular in this country.Overcoming the Grouch.A grouchy prospect doesn't seemhalf so grouchy when you stand rightup to him and state your propositionin a fearless manner.GBT8BBH!Cured by the Marvel ofCentury, B. B. B. Tested30 Years.theforCatirrh Caanat be Cured?iwith, local application as they cannot reach the Seat of the disease. Catarrh is ar blood or constitutional disease, and in order to cure it yon must( take internal remedies. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and actsdirectly on the blood and mucous sur-surfaces. HalPs Catarrh Cure is nota, quack medicine. Tt was prescribedby one of he leading physicians inHawkins, spitting, foul breath, dis- this country for years and is a regu-charges of yellow matter permanent- lar prescription. It is composed of thely cured with pure botanical ingred-' best tonics known, combined with ,ients. To prove it we will send you a the best blood purifiers, acting direcSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE tly on he mucous surfaces. The perCatarrh is not only dangerous but feet combination of the two ingredit causes ulcerations, death and decay ients is whatprodoces such wonderof bones, kills ambition, often causes ful results in curing catarrh- Sendloss of appetite, and reaches to gen- J for testimonials free,eral debility, idiocr and insanity. It i F. J. CHENEY & CO.. Props.,needs attention at once. Cure it by Toledo, O.taking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.) Sold by Druggists, price 75c.It is a quick, radical, permanent' Take Hall's Family Pills for Consticure because it rids the system of the pation.poison germs that cause catarrh. At . -(B. B. B.)A Charming Womanthe same time Blood Balmpurifies the blood, does away witheverv svmnthom of catarrh. B. B. R.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich, is one who is lovely in face, form,pure blood direct to the paralyzed milul and temper. But its hard for anerves, and parts affected by catarr- J womon to be charmingwithouthealth.hal poison, giving warmth and A weak, sickly woman will be nervstrength just where it is needed, and ous a"d irritable. Constipation andin teis way making a perfect, lasting kidney poisons show in pimples,cure of catarrh in all its forms, 1 blotches.skin eruptions and a wretchDruggists or by exsress, $1 per large ed complexion. But Electric Bittersbottle, with directions for heme cure. ! always prove a a godsend to womenSamples sent free by writing Blood wno wanuneaitn. Deausy ana irienas.Balm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describe ! They regulate stomach,liver and kid-the Newthe cumorchestrayour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Natural Longing.You cannot expect the workingclasses to see luxury, wealth andease without longing for a, share.neys, purity tne Diooa. give strongnerves, bright eyes, pure breath,smooth, velvety skin, lovely complexion and perfect health. Try thjm.50c at Oberdorfer's.BARBER - SHOPISSfSESmKl !. .ag5i3LMONEYm ..tmg1MJJK9m!'Garrett's Election May be Illegal. The Hon. H. Green Garrett, of Winchester, who was recently electedDistrict Cnairman of the Tenth Uisttict Republican Committee to succeedthe Hon. Robert H. Winn, of Mt.Sterling, who resigned, may have toDeselected over again. Some Republicans not liking the .manner in whichthe election was held have began aninvestigation ot Daity usages, andnow allege that the election was clearly illegal and that any acts Mr. Garrettt may perform cannot be binding.The claim is now made that at themeeting at which Mr. Garrett waschosen chairman a majority of thecommitteemen was not present in person, as required by the rules, tut thatmost of the counties were representedby proxy. What steps will be taken inthe matter cannot be learned.Neck Broken by Interurban Car.Menilus Coleman, a nergo, '40 yearsold, of Georgetown, was struck by aninterurban car on the Georgetown pikeabout three and a half miles fromLexington Monday afternoon fat 5:30o'clock, and died at St. Joseph's Hospital soon after being taKen to Lexington. The negro was believed "to havebeen drinking and to have sit down onthe end of a crosstie and gone to sleep.The front steps of the car hit him,throwing him to the middle of the pikeand breaking his neck.National Corn Show Off.According to information receivedby George S. Karsner the Kentuckygrain expert of Lexington, there willbe no national corn show the comineryear, the reason for the suspension oftne exhibition, so Mr. Karsner, who isin touch with association offcials.says,is that the association has been loosinemoney for the last two years and isnow face to face with a considerabledeficit, and this will have to De paidbefore another annual show is attempted. The last national corn show washeld at Columbus, O., and was one rfthe greatest in tne history of Iheassociation, but the attendance ft 11 far1 short of expectations.We tell von how, and pay best marketprices. We are dealers establishedinlfj6; andean do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Iouisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-29-31 & 33 E. Market St., LOUISVILLE. KY.Dealers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.f3'8l3Modern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary. tChildren's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDM l , '" ! !"' -mtLlli rJi,rfJ l' !Jrm"f, o s, :-N .cs-'ii.- , ijVbfc'fc'-.s-'ffli.'V" immstz- . ::.' . . . -.1 - i -ir i j i i "I ' ' i litI J II - 'fi&cto' i A.aimiT7Pi I0 Tly J I ' VmPP " 1:y 1 1 My5JsiitiL . ,jlEk --I (pfiW ! Ill IPI 1 I i. I "w I Wai irx7.yj'j i - !'I I . MlffiLTVi: M 1 1-Tfmif r7 VH I -rtfr3A Warm BathroomPerfections- - Smokei.es v JEvery mother should be carefulthat the children take their bathsin a warm room. The chill of acold room is dangerous after cornins out of the hot water.A Perfection Smokeless Oil Heater brings bathroom or bedroomto just the degree of warmth you want in five or ten min All vouhave to do is to touch a match.The Perfection Heater bums nine hours on one filling and isalways ready for use. You can move it anywhere it is needed.There is no waste of fuel and heat warming unoccupied rooms.Jubt the heat you want, when and where you want it.1 he Perfection is fitted with an automatic-locking flame spreaderthat prevents the wick being turned high enough to smoke and iseasy to remove and drop back when cleaning.Drums finished either in turquoise-blue enamel or plain steel ; light and ornamental, yet strong and durable suitable foi any room in any house.Dealer, everywhere ; or wntr to ny icency of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)-.Kx.-3v &&" is'iINotice to Stockholders.The Stockholders of the DepositBark of Paris, Ky.. will meet at thebanking house on Monday, January 1,1912, betwepn the rcuis of 9 a. m. an J3 p. m.. to elect Directors for the ensuing year.J M. HALL, Prcid-t.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.Ruthless Destruction of Books.Napoleon was indirectly responsiblefor the destruction of a vast quantityof books. In 1S12 he framed a law allowing goods to be imported from trieUnited Kingdom, provided that theimporter shipped an equivalent quantity of French goods to this country.French merchants generally met therequirements of this law by shippingbooks to the value of the wares theywished to import. Having served togain the necessary permit, the bookswere thrown overboard on the way toEngland, as there was no demand forthem "here. Shippers could well affordto do this, for coffee and sugar werethen about ten times dearer in Francethan In England. It has been estimated that books to the nominal valueof four million dollars were destroyedla this way.Home Defined.Home is a magic word, and we seldom try to analyze it A little Polishgirl in a public school was asked recently to write a definition of "home.""A home," she wrote, "is where people live, and where a man or somebody comes home and .finds peoplethere, and then eats!' -Are You a Woman 9TAKEsDUIWoman'sSB V TO II I 111 HI AVIonic:JG1mmmmmmmmmmmmmmemmmmmmmivt "w"- s" c- THE,BOURBO"i:1 .JZ - - . S-' V . - r-l i " -' - ' IrMMMMHHMHMMiMMMMnBCUT PRICESLadies' Underwear,Handkerchiefs,WHir- Waists. Fir.: iWe Are Offering Special Prices Ion All Readv-to -Wear IiA. M.Corner 5th and Maini.:To- vrvMMsMMMsMMsNMMM2LONHosiery,Garments.DOMB CO.,IncorporatedBoth Phones 1 29Our Patrons:We desire to thank ourfriends and patrons for theirliberal patronage they haveaccorded us throughout theyear. We wi?h one and all ahappy and prosperous NewYear.hire & Fithian.W,v 'H- iJRihtfor a Woman.A California paper of a recent datecontained the following :Let the women vote. Ye3 by allmeans let them vote, let them do justas they please, put them on their honor and I will guarantee they will ud-hold it as well as men, pull down thebars, if they wantequality with justman let them do it.to come down toa nttie oia merejIf they want absolute equality by allmeans give it to them, hut be sure itis absolutely equal. Quit criticisingthem in matter of dress, let them dressto suit themselves (they-will do it anyhow) ; let them wear the plain skirt,the ruffled skirt, the thin skirt, thethick skirt, the divided skirt, the hobble skirt, the Frouser skirt, the haremskirt, or just plain old fashionedbreeches if they choose.Give them the exact privilege ineverything as a man, (if they considerit a privilege).If they want to get out and get fulland paint the town rid, let them do it.If its right for a man its right for awoman. If they want to drink whiskeyand smoke cigarettes let them do it.If its right for a man its ncht for awoman. If they want to play poker,shoot craps, bet on horse races, a baseball game or play seven up for thedrinks with an old greasy deck, leithem do it. If its right for a man itsright for a woman.If they want to carry a pistol intheir hip pocket and a dirk up theirsleeve, let them do it. If its right fora man its right for a woman.If they want to get knocked downfor calling somebody a liar, let themdo it. If its right for a man its rightfor a woman.If they want to get into a realknockout and drag out fight for talking about their neighbor, let them doit. If its right for a man its right fora woman.If they want to stand on the cornerand make eyes at the men, let them doit. If its right for a man, its right fora woman.If they want to go to the club everynight and get full and come home inthe wee small hours, let them do it.If its right for a man its right for awoman.If they are on a street car and a mancomes in, let them get up and givehim their seat. If its right for a man,its right for a woman.If they meet a man in a muddy placeon the street, let the woman step inthe mud half the time, and let theman go over dry shod. If its rightfor a man its right for a woman.If a man takes off his hat to awoman, let the woman takeoff her hatto him. If it3 right for a man its rightfor a woman. And so on and so on, etcetera, ad finitim, Eplurihus unum,and ?t als.Pull down the bars let them have allthe equality they are looking for, butbe sure it is equal. Give them everyprivilege as men, but be sure that theyget no more, for they say they don'twant any more, for God made man,male and female, made He them andgave them dominion over all the worksof His hands, but man immediately setwoman upon a pedestal and has kepther there for the ages, and she hasbeen begging from time immemorialto be taken down. Now let the mantake her down. And see how soon shewill beg to be put back.A mule will always jump the fenceout of a good pasture into a dry field,and will never rest satisfied until hedoes.So woman, like the mule, will neverbe satisfied until she gets out of thegood pasture into the dry field and thesooner the fence is taken down thebetter for all parties concerned, forshe will never be satisfied until shetries it and wont be satisfied then.MATRIMONIAL.At the residence of the officiatingTuesday afternoon, Miss Lucille Uol-lins and Mr. Monin Moore were unitedl in marriage. The wedding was very! quiet only a few of the most intimatefriends and relatives of the contacting parties witnessing the ceremony.The bride is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. Albert Collins, of the Jacksonville neighborhood, and is a very estimable woman. The groom is an efficient mail carrier on one of the ruralroutes from this city with a largenumber of friends with whom he is extremely popular.The couple will go immediately tohousekeeping in the residence of Mr.Moore on Sixteenth street.Mr. Joseph McKinnev and MissPeail Feeback, both of Bourbon, weremarried Saturday afternoon at thecourthouse by Judge Denis Dundon.- Mr. V. B. Williams and Miss DeliaRoland were married Tuesday afternoon at 4 o'clock at the residence ofthe officiating minister, Rev. Carey E.Morgan. The bride is the daughter ofMr. and Mrs. G. T. Roland, and thebridegroom is the son of Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Williams, all prominent and wellknown residents of Clark county.Mr. G. M. Burberry and MissAlice K. Leach, two prominent andpopular young people of this countywere married by Dr. S. M. Jeffersonat his residence in Lexington onChristmas afternoon.Announcement cards as follows havebeen issued :Mr. and Mrs. G. T. Leachannounce the marriage of their daughter Alice KennedytoMr. George McDaniel BurberryMonday, the twenty-fifth of Decembernineteen hundred and elevenLexington, Kentucky.RELIGIOUS.The usual servicps will be hell atthe Baptist church Sunday morningand night. The pastor, Rev. E. IV.Lighttoot will preach in the morningon "The Foolish Man of 1911," and arnight on "Jesus Casting Forth Fire."Sundayschool at 9 :30. All are invitedto these services.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfIf Its Right for a Mia, ItsColored Teachers in SessionHere.Nearly two hundred of the leadingcolored teachers of the State are assembled here in the thirty-third Annual session of the State Association ofTeachers in Colored Schools. A mosthospitable welcome was extended themat the Wednesday evening sessionwhen teachers and citizens filled Jto itscapacity the auditorium of the ParisHigh School. The "keys of the city"were turned over to the Association bythe son of Mayor J. T. Hinton. Otherwelcome addresses were delivered bySupt. Geo. W. Chapman, and the 'kRev.J. B. Redmond.These addresses abounded in assurances of a heartfelt welcome to theAssociation on behalf of the citizens ofParis, regardless of creed or color.The Rev. J. E. Wood, of Danville,made an eloquent response to these addresses. Prof J. R. E. Lee, director of theacademic department of the famousTuskogee Institute, of Noram, Ala.,made the principal address at theWednesday session. His address wasa piea to the teachers to bring education nearer to the people by givingthe pupils a correct and training in thepractical affaits ot life. This addresswas in line with the system of education which is advocated by Booker T.Washington.Aside from set addresses by prominent educators the teachers are classified accordiiic to the kind of workwhich they engage into principals,High School and Grammar School departments. As the heads of these departments are the three prominenteducators, Profs. G. P. Russell, ofLexington, W. H. Mayor and H. Clarence Russell, of Frankfort. The mostadvanced ideas of teaching and schoolgovernment are being advanced byteachers who are factors in progressive educational affairs of the State.The matter of industrial education isone which threads itself through all ofthe principal discussions.Whether more stress should be laidupon intellectual or upon industrialeducation is a topic that has able advocates upon both sides. However thesefactions are agreed in the opinion thatthe highest type of citizenship will beevolved from that education which onthe one hand will produce out of thosemost talented and able and intellectualleaderships and on the other, thatmakes out of the masses an honestand propserous citizenship.Dr. Al. C. B. Mason, a leader of therace, was the chief speaker at theThursday occasion, delivering an ableaddress on the subject "Napoleon atWaterloo," to a large and appreciativeaudience at the opera house. This address was followed by the annual banquet to the delegates, an occasionwhich was in truth, "a feast of reasonand flow of soul."The colored people of Paris havenever entertained a more intelligentgathering of their people than thisAssociation, nor could they morehospitably perform this function thanthey are doing.The Association will take an advanced position in its declaration of principles and recommendations for wiseand necessary school legislation.M-This paper comes from press beforethe election of officers however it isassured that Prof. P. M. Wood will bere-elected president as his record inoffice is one of self-sacrifice, impartiality and conaticutive leadership.The members of the Association,during their sojourn here have conducted themselves in a manner that reflectscredit upon this body of leaders of thecolored race.L. D. WILLIAMS.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.THEATRICAL."FATTY FELIX" COMING.Every man. woman and child thecountiy ever is familiar with the pop: -larcaitoons of "Fatty Felix," whencartoonist McDougall drew for thedaily papsis. What McDougall was tothe world of comic artists, Mr. W. C.Herman is to the diamatic world, andfrom these famous cartoons he haswritten a play cf the same name whichis producing more genuine laughs andheart throbs than any play of the present season. It is aprcncurced successand with the excellent cast which theproducer, Mr. Henry W. Link hassecured for it, an evening cf wholesome pleasure awaits the patrons ofthe Paris Grand on Wednesday, January 3. Not only will we be treatedto a good, clean dramatic productionbut we are to receive a distinctly highclass vaudeville and musical program.P( pular prices -Dress circle, 75cnts; parquette, 50 cents; balcony, 35cenis; gallery 25 and 3d cent?. Seatson sale at Mitchell & Blakemore'sMonday morning.DEATH.- Mr. Matthew A. Kenney, one ofBouibon county's representative citizens, died Saturday at 12:30 o'clock athis home at Monterey, on the Maysville and Lexington pike about threemiles from Paris.Mr. Kenney had been in declininghealth for some time, and about sixmonths ago suffered a paralytic strokeat Olympia Springs, from which henever recovered, but the immediatecause of his death was u-aemic poison.Mr. Kenney was 75 years of age andis survived by his wife, who was MissBrooks, one daughter, Mrs. Chas. A.Webber, and two sons, Mr. WalterKenney and Mr. Clarence Kenney, allof Bnurbon.The funeral was held Monday morning at ten o'clock at the family residence, the services being conducted byRev. Dr. B. M. Shive, assisted by Dr.W. W. Logan. Burial will be in thePari g cemetery.Ihe honorary pall-bearers wereGeorge W. Davis, Sr., George R. BellW. L. Yeres, Buckner Woodford, JamesMcClure and Dr. J. T. Vansant, andthe active pall-bearers, M. R. JacobyLuther Jacoby, Jacob Jacoby, W. MKer-ney, Jr , Brn Kenney and WilliamE. ftisiiue.Editor sad City Official Scrip-T. M. T'homason, editor of theGeorgetown News and City TreaiiurerJohn White had a personal encounteron the stieets of Georgetown Tuiday,but friends interfered before any serious damage was done. Tboraasonrecently wrote an editorial, urgingthat an expert accountant be engaged'to examine the city accounts and makaa public statement of affairs. Whitetook exception to the editorial, andr-when he and Thomason met hot words,passed and several blows were struckFriends prevented further hostilities-, iHoliday Fares.Low round trip rates via Quen &Crescent route. Excursion tickets willbe sold December 15,16, 17, 20. 21, 22,23, 24, 25, 30 and 31, 1911, and January' 71, 1912. Final limit to return January.?8, 1912. Ask your ticket agent forparticulars.W. A. BECKLER,General Passenger Agentr.jan 1 Cincinnati, Ohio-Record Broken for Futurity.Nine hundred and sixty-five weanlings, or the greatest number that'have made the Fall payment since theinauguration of the Kentucky Futurityhave been "kept good" in the twentysecond renewal of the big Kentuckyfpature race. From this number willcome the colts that will contest for thetwo-year old division in 1913 and thethree year old divisions in 1914.I Thirty-six out of the forty-six statesin the Union are represented whilethere are also several from janada inthe two year old division. The nomi-.nators in the two year old division total 309 or a little more than three coltsto the man. Thirty-eight of them have:540 colts or about 50 per cent of theentire number.Found.Nice pistol. Owner can have sameby proving property and paying forthis advertisement.THE FAIR!The Place For All KindsHoliday Goods.ofHow about a nice Chamber Set, or a 100-pieceDinner Set, or a lovelyDining Room Picture.A handsome line to selectfrom.-Crf...THE FAIR...Gao;bVictor-Victrola XIV. S150Other styles Victor-Victrola S (5 to $250Victors $10 to $100The ideal instrumentfor the homeThe Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of allmusical instruments for the home.It combines all musical instrumentsand the perfect human voice, andsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola.Come in and we'll tell you how youcan pay for it on easy terms.Dangherty Bros.L WftflBV HpHh PVLVV,A.!1V4&- T-rffcy&?-ta?U!;flf:fc BOURBON NEWS.Ctjpit&fey4!ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGVisit County Infirmary.?i.? Clrltms Day a committee frcmthe local W. C. T. U. visited the County Infirmary, taking a well filled boxof Christmas eatables to each of thethirty inmates of that institution.Farm Rented.Winchester Sun "A. W. Stofer htsrented his big farm neat Thomasonbtation for next year to Boardman-Br os., of North Middletown, for 52.500.Twenty-five acres will be put in tobacco and about fifty aces in corn."Entertainment at Silas Church.The young people of the neighborhood will give an entertainment atSilas Baptist church Saturday night,December 30. for the benefit of thechurch. A cordial invitation is extended to all.Paris to Have Auction Room.The old Baptist church building atthe corner of Main and Sixth streets,has been rented by Messrs. Harris &Speakes, the real estate dealers, andthey wil open an auction house for thesale of all kinds of personal propertyin the near future.THE BEST INSURANCE.l he best fire, wind and tornado insurance.McGure & Gendenin.Small Fire at Colored Church.The fire department was called outlast night at 8:30 o'clock in repsonseto an alarm from Box 31 or the coloredMethodist church on High street. Asmall blaze, which originated from theengine of the steam heater was extinguished with a small loss.Rre,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Farm Sold.Mr. U. S. G. Pepper, postmaster atMillersburg, has sold his farm on theMcClelland pike in the edge of Milleraburg and containing about 226 acresknown as the Letton Vimont place toJames Ralls, of Sharpsburg. Price$19,000. Mr. Ralls will move toMillersburg in the spring.Files Motion for New Trial.In the Fayette Circuit Court Col. R.A. Thornton, attorney for the defendant, filed motion and grounds for anew trial in the case of Catesby Woodford and John Ireland vs. the L & N.Railroad Company. The motion andgrounds recite that the verdict of$15,000 for the plaintiff was excessiveand that it was rendered under the influences of prejudice and passion onthe part of the jury.Notice to Postoffice Patrons.Monday, January 1, heing NewYear's day and a legal holiday thepostoffice will be closed excepting from12 to 1 o'clock when the patrons of therural routes and the general deliverycan call and get their mail. No moneyorder or register business transacted.Rural carriers will not make theirroutes, and the city carriers will makeone delivery in the residence sectionand two deliveries in the business portion of the city.Bonds of New Officials AcceptedAt the regular meeting of the CityCouncil last night the bonds of G. N.McKenney and James Moreland, thenewly elected members of the Parispolice force, and that of C. K. Thomasas City Treasurer and Collector. Thenew members of the police force willassume the duties of their office Monday A pard ning board was appointedwith Mayor Hinton as Chairman, theother membeis being Councilmen Brcsand Hinton.Morehead Lyceum Course.The next and third number of tieMorehead Lyceum Course will be onJanuary 4, when Mr. Geo. E. Colby,one of the greatest of living cartoonists, and a very delightful speaker willbe at the Opera House. This will Deone of the most enjoyable entetainments of the entire course, and thosewho have never had an opportunity tohear and see a really gieat cartooribtat nis work will be well repaid forgonig to hear him. 'lhe prices for thisgreat entertainment will be as follows:Lower floor, 50 cents. Balcony, 35cents; Gailery, 20 cents.Police Court.In Police Court Tuesday .morningJudge E. B. January fined Ben Taloott, colored, $7.50 on a charge ofloitering.On charges of contempt of courtRalph Metcalf, Willis McCIure andNannie Parker, all colored, weresentenced to confinement in the countyjail for three hours.Dora Alexander, colored, chargedwith breach of the peace, was beforeJudge January who continued her caseuntil today.Charles Erwin, colored, breach ofthe peace, dismissed.Julius Talbott, breach of the peace,$7.50.Crap Shooters Fined.In Judge Fretwell's court, Tuesdaymorning, five colored men were finedon u chaige of shooting craps, andfour of them were given fines of $20and costs on pleas of guilty. Theyt were Jobn Garrett, John HenryBrown, Frank Hinkston and Ora Lee.Sam Smith, charged with the sameoeffnse, was allowed to go on bispromise to report at a future date forjtrial. The men were arrested in'."Sandy Bottom," by officers Chas.uhomas and G. W. McKinney.Judge Fretwell sentenced JosephMcAfee to jail for sixty days at hardajlabor for pent larfeny. he having beencounted of stealing toys from aPERSONAL MENTION.Mr. Robin Horton was a visitor inCincinnati Monday.Miss Susan Bond, of Lawrenceburg, is the guest of Miss CatherineThomson.VMiss RoEina Elder has returnedfrom a visit t3 Miss Quenn Blake inWinchester.Miss Hazel Cottingham is visitingher aunt, Mrs. G. E. Leggett, in Winchester, Indiana.Mr. Warner P. Sayers, of Cincinnati, was the guest of Miss CorinneCollins Tuesday.Mr. Jajaes Ingles, of Chicago,spent sereral day& this week withrelatives in this city.Misses Mary and Bernadette Brannon left Tuesday for Covintgon to visitMiss Mae Donnelly.Mr. Joseph Stivers is ill at hishome on Cypress street, being threatened with pneumonia.Mrs. Kennedy, of Lawrenceburg,is visiting her sister, Mrs T.. C. Bell,at Bourbon College.Mr. W. W. Mitchell returned Monday from San Francisco, Cal., wherehe spent several weeks.Little Martha Talbott is quite sickat the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. William G. Talbott.Mr. Courtland Leer, of Lexington,spent a few days this week with hisparents Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Leer, nearthis city.Mr. Maurice Bernaugh attendedthe ball at tLexington Tuesday nightgiven by Mrs. Louis des Cognets atthe Phoenix Hotel.Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Minter, whohave been the guests of Mr. and Mrs.Geo. B. Minter, returned yesterday totheir home in Lexington.Mrs. Frank Wright and children,who have been the guests of her mother, Mrs. Mollie Lair, returned Wednesday night to their home in Winchester. Miss Martha Ferguson is the guestof Mrs. A. L. Ferguson in Georgetownand attended the cotillon given thereTuesday night, besides other socialevents.Mis Birdie Wollstein left Wednesday morning for Purcell, Okla., to bepresent at the wedding of Miss RosaMargolen, which will occur on NewYear's day.The United Daughtres of the Confed jracy will meet tomorrow afternoonat 2 o'clock at their rooms in the courthouse. A full attendance is requested.Mrs. B. F. Perry will act as hostess.Mr. L. Saloshin, who has, been atHot Springs under treatment forrheumatism, left Tuesday for Purcell,Okla., to attend the Margolen-8auminuptials which will occur in that cityon January 1.Mr. R. K. McCarney came homeMonday night from Cincinnati wherehe has been at the bedside of his wife,who he reported to be resting comfortable at Good Samaritan Hospital. Mr.McCarney returned to Cincinnati Tuesday morning.Mr. D. N. Johnson, of Cleveland,Ohio, has been the guest for severaldays of his father, Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, on Mt. Airy Avenue. Mr. V. I).Chandler, of Louisville, is also spending the week with his wife, who is atthe home cf Mr. Johnson.A news note from Winchestersays: "The marriage of Miss DeliaPoland to Mr. V. B. Williams wassolemnized Tuesday afternoon in Paris.Mr. Williams is a young farmer ofSchollsville, this county, and enjoys awide popularity. His bride is adaughter of Mr. George T. Poland,and is a young lady of many accomplishments. She formerly attendedKentucky Wesleyan College."Mr. George Ashurst entertainedwith a dinner at his home on Pleasantstreet Wednesday for a number offiiends. Those present were: Mrs.William Aker and Miss Sadie Akpr nfLexington Mr. and Mrs. Clarence 'Ashurst Elder and Mrs. J. T. Sharard, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Aker, Mrs.Rebecca Rudisill, West Virignia MissEthel Freeman, Virginia Mr. Wm.Hukill, Sr., Mr. W. H. H. Johnson,Mr. Jake Aker, Masters FreemanAshurst and Earl Aker and Mr. LloydAshurst.The Woman's Club of CentralKentucky celebrated the Christmasseason in a pleasant manner on Wedi esday by entertaining with a luncheonat the Phoenix Hotel, in Lexington,in honor of Mrs. Thomas JeffersonSmith of Richmond. Kentucky, President of the State Federaio- ofWomen's Clubs. Mrs. James Leach,of Louisville, fcrmer President andnow Vice president of the State Federation, was also an honored guest. Thesewho attended froiu this city were Mrs.C. M. Clay, xMrs. Robt. C. Talbott anaMiss Mary Fithian Hutcncraft.Miss Catherine Thomas entertained Monday evening with a beautifulcard party. Five Hundred was enjoyed by eight tables of players, and latera guessing contest "A Lunch of Substantials" afforded much amusement,and the prize, a box of confections,was awarded to Miss Susan Bond.After the games, dilicious ices and individual cakes were served on the cardtables, wnile at each guest's plate wasa gay little basket containing mintsand almonds. Miss Thomson had ashouse guests Misses Susan Bond andNancy Griffith, and Messrs. AlexSpears and Leon Van Arsdale. In addition to these the following young ladies and gentlemen were present:Misses Katherine Davis. Roth Morgan,Carolyn Koseberry, Elizabeth Steele,Rachtl Wiggins, Corinne Collins, Elizabeth Ctuteher. Mary Batterton, Margaret Ardery, Martha Ferguson, ClaraBelle and Nannie Brent O'Neal, Dorothy Talbett, Anna Eads Peed, MaryFithian Hutchcraft and Helen Daugherty ; Messrs Will S. Arnsparger,Hugh Ferguson. Sidney and Fay Ardery, Maurice Bumaugh, Tom andEdward Pritchard, Oscar Hinton, Hiram Roseberry, Harmon Turner, Wallace Clark, Reuben Huthcraft, Robinand Harry Horton and Dr. RaymondMcMillan. The huse was attractivelydecrarpd in Christmas colors withpalms and poinsetts.Miss Louise Wyatt is visitingfriends in London.John Lytle, of 'Cincinnati, spentChristmas in this city.The joung people of the townentertained with a dance at Elks Halllast nigth.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Harris havereturned from a visit of several daysin Cincinnati.Mr. Ford Fithian, of Huntington,W. Va., is visiting his mother, Mrs.Mayme Fithian.Miss Katherine Marsh will entertain with a dance at her home nearthis city this evening.Misses Eleanor, Lula Champ andMaster William Lytle are visiting theirgrandparents in Maysville.Mrs. Marion Hall and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Hall, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Frank Wood, in Lexington.Mrs. Russell Dyche and little son,of London, are guests of her brothers,Messrs. Walter and Ernest Martin, inthis city.Miss Mary Ashbrook and ElizabethFarley, of Richmond, are guests ofMrs. F. P. Kiser at her home on Houston avenue."Billy," the little son of Dr. andMrs. William Kenney, is quite ill atthe home of his parents, threatenedwith pneumonia.Miss Corinne Collins, Messrs. Harry Collins, Miller and Maurice Bur-naugh attended the dance at CarlisleWednesday night.Mr. Edward Grannan and sister.Miss Mary Grannan. of Cincinnati,spent Christmas with their mother,Mrs. Anna Grannan.Master Morris Price, son of Mr.and Mrs. Lee Price, was operated onfor adnoids at St. Joseph Hospital inLexington yesterday.The Georgetown News says: "Mr.Neville C. Fisher, of St. Louis, andJudge James Finell, of Verona, arepsending the .holidays with Mrs. Neville Fisher on Jackson street."What promises to be the societyevent of the season will be the cotillonto be given at the Elks Hall on theevening of January 1. The cotillonwill be led by Mr. and Mrs. CharltonAlexander.The Maysville Ledger of yesterdaysays: "William Smart, 23, a brakeman on the L. & N.. and Miss GeorigaClifford, IS, of Bourbon county, weremarried in the County Clerk's officeyestreday aftrenoon, Squire Pickrellofficiating.Misses Clara Bplle Walton, of Lexington, Cornelia Blackerby and LouisFinnell, of Georgetown, Messrs. JackLyle, of Winchester, and Jack McCIure, of Danville, were guests ofMiss Carolyn Roseberry for the danceTuesday night. iThe Bourbon Dancing Club gave avery enjoyable dance at the Elks' HallThursday evening, which was attendedby a crowd that was not too large tomake dancing pleasant. The musicwas furnished by Kidd's Orchestrafrom Lexington.and a delightful lunchwas served at midnight. Those present were: Misses Carolyn Roseberry,Clara Belle Walton, Lexington; Cornelius Blackerby, Lois Finnell, Georgetown ; Amelia Leer, Rena Cresdale,Katherine Davis, Katherine Thomson,Sue Bond, Lawrenceburg ;Mary Baterton, Augusta Rogers, Mare Talbott,Helen Daugherty, Elizabeth Steele;Messrs. Wm. Cooper, Harry BrentFithian, Fayette and Sidney Ardery,Harry Horton, Raymond McMillan,Oscar Hinton, Chas. Fitbiatn, DouglasClay, John K. Vansant, Harold Harris,Clarence Barbee, Davis. Hutchcraft,Blair Varden, Charlton Clay, HiramRoseberry, Lawrence Price, JasonRedmon, Harmon Turner, EdwardFithian, Tom Prichard, Hugh Ferguson, James McCIure, Danville; HowardPorter, Huntington, W. Va. ; AlexSpears, Lexington : Jack Lyle. Mt.' Sterling. Chaperones, Mr. and Mrs.White Varden, Mr. and Mrs. SwittChamp, Mr. and Mrs. Chis. N. Fithian. SchenebergVisiting in Paris."Cyclone" Jack Scheneberg, a member of the pitching staff of the ParisBase Ball Club last year and whopitched twelve consecutive gameswithout a defeat being registeredagainst him, has been visiting in thecity for several da s. Since the season closed Scheneberg has bem in themountains and came to this cityprincipally to look into the contractsfor next season he had received. Atthe close of the season he was draftedbv Savannah, but had received nnn-tracts both from that club and Paris.Being at a los3 to know which on tosign he came down to consult President J. W. Bacon.Paris GrandWEDNESDAY,JANUARY.3Henry W. Link Presents the Acme ofSuccess,FATTYFELIXA Comedy (Drama in 4 Acts) withMusic. Two and one-half hours ofsolid fun. Presented with a firs.t-classcompany of actors, singers and dancers.Produced with special scenery.Fun From Start to Finish.8--Musical Vaudeville Numbers--8Pleases old as well as young. Guaranteed to please the majority or moneyback. What more can one ask?Popular prices -Dress Circle 75e:Parquette 50c; Balcony 35c; Gallery 25cand 35c, Reserved seats may b secured at Mitchell & Blakemore'? MonClever Thieves derating Here,According to information that hasbeen given to the police a cleverscheme on the part of a band ofthieves operating in this city, is being worked very effectively, andgrocery men over the city are madethe victims of the gang which is evidently well organized and doing business on a large scale.The band, it is believed, numbersfive, or possibly more, but at any ratethat number is all that is required towork the game which has been pulledoff on numerous occasions in the pastfew days.' It is said three of the negroes willenter a grocery store when all hut oneof the clerks are off duty. One of thenumber will engage the clerk in conversation with an apparent view ofmaking.a purchase, and price variousnicies, wnicn gives nis compainonsthe opportunity of picking out mostany article within reach and conreal itbeneath their overcoats. This is donewhile the clerk's attention is attractedby the spokesman of the crowd who informs him he will return later.Then, it is said, the trio will startfor the door, and upon reaching theexit, two other negroes enter, attracting the attention of the clerk to someminor article. Ihis is done in order toallow their companions to make aquick "get away" with the goods theynave stolen, then they too depart.The scheme has been woiked on several groceryrnen and various articleshave been missed after the departureof the nergoes. The men are allstrangers here and not one of theclerks upon whom the scheme hasneen worked have seen them before.The police have the matter in theirhands and an effoit will be made totrap them.Big Fire at Georgetown.Thp most disastrous and costly firewhich ever occurred in Georgetowntook place Sunday afternoon whenabout $150,000 worth of machineiyburned up at the Indian Refinery.Prisoners Treated to Turkey.The prisoners at'the county jail received a royal treat on Christmas daywhen Jailer Joe Farris served themwith turey for their Christmas dinner.The prisoners are high in their praiseof the feast provided by the official.FOR SALE.'One good square piano (Knabe) andtwo good second hand organs, can bebought cheap and on easy payments.MOERHEAD PIANO CO.,606 Main street.FOR RENT.Small house on Cypress street whereI now reside. Water and lights.Apply to23 3t G. C. THOMPSON.?Wei jsa&- y "Stf&dfe-- -jsIGREETINGThe year just closing has been exceptionally satisfactory for us,, and we thank those who have helped us.We realize that our success comes from the staunchsupport we have received from those who have favored uswith their patronage, and we therefore take this opportunity to extend our most cheerful greetings for the season.During the coming year, more than ever before, weshall endeavor to satisfy those with whom it shall be ourgood fortune to do business.Our heartiest good wishes for a Happy New Year.5 W. Edi!j Fee's Cash Specials!STONE'SSilver SliceIVIephistoIteI1 0c eachFEE'SLHappy New Yearwish to thank thejpublic forpatronage during the past year, the!argest in thehistory of our store. We have endeavored tosatisfy every customer, no matter how small hispurchase was.We wish every person in Bourbon County aHappy New Year.J. T. HINTON.-- rf'itmTuckeriI:"the liberal4 17.J.frix5,'3&&VV ;"&fl.v'MMdMdSr id.4- - j&ftfeA r ")&$:r - J'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, DEC. 29H 1911.S.Don't Suffer!" I had been troubled; a little, for nearly 7 years," writesMrs. L. Fincher, in a letter from Peavy, Ala., "but I wasnot taken down, until March, when I went to bed and hadto have a doctor. He did all he could for me, but I got nobetter. I hurt all over, and I could not rest At last, I triedCardui, and soon I began to improve. Now I am in verygoo- -alth, and able to do all my housework.'CAROL) I Woman's TonicYou may wonder why Cardui is so successful, afterother remedies have failed. The answer is that Cardui issuccessful, because it is composed of scientific ingredients,that act curatively on the womanly system. It is a medicinefor women, and for women only. It builds, strengthens, andrestores weak and ailing women, to health and happiness.If you suffer like Mrs. Fincher did, take Cardui. ftwill surely do for you, what it did for her. At all druggists.Mrita 4m- TdiM Advisory Dent. Chattanoore Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment lor Women," sent free. J 60YOUNG WIFE IS TIEDTO A WILD BRONCHOBody Found With a Lariat Aboutthe Neck and Husband IsAccused.Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first class 1cement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Announce men!.I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle1 yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on rae at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohoma andTexas, on sale the first and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip Winter Tourist Fares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit Mav31, 1912.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.i TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentS$We Are Showing for fail and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Gey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newvht moctels, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,oar Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, 512.50, $15, $1S and 20.e have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Muss. This is the classiest -?4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 4,The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.50, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.wm.isSiJOSan Rafael, N. M. The torn andbleeding body of Mrs. Juan de laChamzal, the young wife of a prosperous ranchman living near here, wasfound lying on the plains miles fromthe ranch. About the neck of theyoung woman was the noose of a lariat, one end of which had beenfrayed by being dragged across therough expanse of country until therope had been cut through. Thisgave the mounted sheriff and his deputies a clew which they followed tothe ranch itself.There it was found that two weeksago while her husband was absentDragged by Wild Broncho.from home some one called her to herwindow and an instant later carriedher to the compound where she wastied to the wildest broncho on theranch. The authorities claim the featwas accomplished only after the woman's assailant had shown the raresthorse subduing qualities.Chamzal, the husband, was foundby a sheriff's posse 100 miles from hisranch home. He was arrested, charged with the crime. The authoritiesexpect to prove that he was enragedbecause during his absence from homehis wife went into town to a theaterwith a male relative.ELKS FIGHT OUT KINGSHIPYounger Buck Masters the Older in aTerrific Combat Before theStartled Herd.Danville, Pa. Moving picture menlost a grand opportunity by not beingin the vicinity of the game preserve ofAlexander Billmeyer, at Washingtonville, when they', might have snappeda fight for supremacy between themonster elk Jumbo, and his youngerrival Job. The fight, which was athriller from the start, lasted one hour,and resulted in the downfall of Jumbo and the exaltation of Job.The wild animals fought ferociouslyand without a minute's let-up. Mr.Billmeyer describes the fight as unparalleled by anything he has everseen.The bulls were dehorned about thelast of August, and it was the firsttime they have been permitted to cometogether since. Jumbo weighed about1,400 pounds while his rival weighsbut 1,200. Job, however, is younger:International GasolinesENGINESv i?"11I5All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.dW W MV W W 1 w mk i. v B BW isM mwtw. mam .. ' -WMm CkI fTl WLWt&WfVWmTB&&mvsawnavsm!iJlPL M flPfi GiganticsJKJrjmmmmm WmVSI XW -fAmm WW rf m Zm Lmmm nAiinntr voia sac" MMf UUI"iJW"C ma 35jllrWhen afflicted Mith disease, do not uaste jourhard-earned money andvaluable fimeexDeri-menting with uncertaintreatments, butnmuip ta iicOur Ion? experience has taught n what to do fromluesiari we knnn bow. Let on arc ;oumoney, time unit suffering' Don t let lack ofmouej keep you away. Jf you are out of work youcan arranee to pay our small professional fee lateron. Ho Ions of time while taking our treatmentyou can keep right on with your work.IF YOU SUFFER SS.7TCTCPhimosis, Hydrocele, Varicocele, Stricture, BloodPoison, Rheumatism, Ulcers, Sores, Skin Diseases,or Nervous Debility, or ut special ailment thathas been hanging on for weeks or months, resistingthe treatment of rarious doctors and drugristsuntil you are discouraged call and let us showyou how quickly such troubles cau be cured by theJUUIIT treatment.For free Queition List andBook on Men's Ducaaet.iWRITECincinnati Men-Specialist Go,,621 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.Olive Trees Centuries Old.Olive trees of Syria live to a greatage. Some, known to be over 4,000years old, are still in a flourishingcondition and likely to bear fruit formany years to come.Monumental Majority.If one could get the vote of thosewho feel worse the day after a holidaythan they did the day before, he probably could be elected. Atchison Globe.Twin Bros. DspartmentStore, beginningSaturday,December 1 G9Display of Toys,Drygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Purs, Shops, Millinery.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckySTCf o Ill IT0HIf -on r.r-3 .-'if:' -r:.v; from Eczema,Psoriasis cr vi... othr land of skin Jtiouble, (irc;p to ui c store i'or instant xeliet. Wo YJll jruarantee youto stop that itch in two seconds.A L'oc trial hottlo will prove it."We ha"e sU other remedies forslcin troubles. ut rone that we couldrecominer. I r:jre highly than the wellknown com; fi'nd of Oi! of Wintercreen, Tin -''i and a iw other injrreciants tit I'i.G wi ought s'ich wonderful currv iS jV'C ihe country- """This corpo.' if!. " .iovn .-i D. D. D.Prescription, ivnl coj! and heal theitohv. biimitir .sk,.: a nothing elsecan." Het a ircx:l.r Wtle und e on Jour no-jid-y o ..:G. S. Varden &'wSon.v ufl' --w v.-Viy r 71 -C sf7KQT -&? wf3LL.rTV SrZPltt8fcZ$':TAiW?c.'.vy--vvINSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado and fLightning. Tw0 old reli- -fable, prompt paying com- V .,panies. )inargoien s.Dehorned Elk Fight.and had the advantage of agility andendurance.Time after time the animals wouldretreat a distance from each, otherand then come together with suchforce that they were thrown by the recoil back on theL haunches.The herd of elks stood about watching the fight and ready to accept thevictor as their leader. From now ' onJumbo takes second place.Deer Disputed With Locomotive.Trout Run, Pa. Disputing the rightof way of a passenger train on theNorthern Central railroad, a buckleer was run down and killed. He wasoping along the tr.acks and when thengineer blew his whistle the deeipwered his head and tried to buckhe engine off the track.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,LParis, Ky.WMBOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If 3011 are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmi Hi n pry.We have made extra effortsthis seaion to reach the idea of fevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Joe. G. Mitchell,-Phone 1 62 Agent.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Art EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties!E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSi jUv;AND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTS-Y1A-ALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDB!?JIKG CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTgL MAY 31, 1S12.FOR FULL PARTIGUURS, CALL OH ANY TICKET AGENT, QUEEH & CRESCENT ROUTE,OB WHITEHIKING, Passcnger.and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St., LEXINGTON, SCY. ,i;.aJ7LiJriv V-,caTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 29 1911.UTS WHAT HE LIKESAFTER TAKING FREE SAMPLEIt will be welcome news to dyspeptics to learn of a remedy that, in theopinion of thousands, is an absolutecure for indigestion and all forms ofstomach trouble, and, better still, itis guaranteed to do so. The remedy-Is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin.We all know the value of pure pepsin in indigestion, and add to thissome exceptional laxative ingredientsand you have a truly wonderful remedy. Mr. T. W. Worthy of Forsythe, Ga., got to the point wherelie could not even eat or digest vegetables and after many years of seeking he found the cure in Dr. Cald--Well'sSyrup Pepsin. Mr. Rudy Kastier of Moline, III., was in the samebad predicament with his stomach,took Syrup Pepsin and is now cured.Hundreds of others would gladly testify. It is a guaranteed cure for indigestion, constipation, biliousness , headaches, gas on the stomach and similarcomplaints. A bottle can be had atany drug store for fifty cents or adollar, but if you wish to make a testof it first, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will supply a freesample bottle, sent direct to your address. You will soon admit that youhave found something to replace salts,cathartics, breath perfumes and othertemporary reliefs. Syrup Pepsin willcure you permanently.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldell building,Monticello. 111.Germs Spread in SkinEczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofgerms at work in the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly multiply, gnawing theirway deep into the sensitive tissue.This is what causes that awful itch,and what seemed a. mere rashmay grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing skin disease"with its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thev germs at the beginning of the trouble4 with that soothing and cleansing wash,the D. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.A 25c bottle will prove this to you.We have had experience with" manyremedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures a3those from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the very first application. We are so confident that D. D. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle fails to make good every claim.If you have skin trouble of anykind, we certainly advise you to dropin and investigate the merits of D. D.D. anyway. "We know that D. D. D,will help you.:G. S. Vaiden & Son.4PvtITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchWMtil you feel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your body- uHtil it seems as if you could noleaser endure these endless days ofawful torture those terrible nightsc sleepless agony.Thea a few drops of D. D. D., thefxmoas Eczema Specific and. Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Comfort and rest at last!I. J). D. is a simple external washthat cleanses and heals the inflamedskim as nothing else can. A recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltBhesra. or any other skin trouble.We can give you a full size bottleof the genuine D. D. D. remedy for$l.i and if the very first bottle failsto sive relief it will not cost you a.centWe also can give vou a sample bottle for 25 cents. Why suffer anotherday Trhcn you can get D. D. D.?G. -S. VakIcsi & Son.ICosmopolitan Community.Confusion of tongues in St. Gilles,the industrial suburb of Brussels Belgium. Here the Flemish, Walloon andGerman elements meet. Statistics prepared for the government on the language question show that of 63,239adults who form the population of' St.Gilles, 10,163 men and 14,213 womenspeak French only; 2,483 men and 3,445 women Flemish only; 90 men and172 women German only; 12,595 menand 14,902 women both French andFlemish, 711 men and 795 women bothFrench and German, 30 men and 38women both Flemish and German, and959 men and 643 women French, Flemish and German.Fortune in Burro's Kick.Once, in Colo: ado. a miner who hadbeen kicked in the stomach by his burro found, when he began to dust offhis breeches, that it was gold dustfrom soft quaitz adhering to 'emand he was made.It Startled the World. - -whenthe astounding claims werefirst made foi Bueklen's Arnica Salvebut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them true, and everywhere it is now known as the bestpalve on earth for burns, boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Only 25c at Oberdor-fer's.THE PARISQuicK Lvnch andI Kfctavi ant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.I'll1Jltmk LmqhovnManicuring 35 Cents, -Shampooing 25 Cents..Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Phoe 669ASHAMEDOFHERFACE"I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Pickard of North Carolina. "Itwas all full of pimples and scars, hutafter using D. D. D. Prescription forEczema I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema and that wasthree years agro."This is but one of thousands of casesin which D. D. D. has simply washedaway the skin trouble. D. D. D.cleanses the skin of the germs of Eczema, Psoriasis and other serious skindiseases; stops the itch instantly, andwhen used with D. D. D. soap the curesseem to be permanent. Nothing likeD. D. D. for the complexion.Trial bottle 25 cents, enough toprove the merit of this wonderful remedy. "We can also give you a full sizebottle for $1.00 on our absolute guarantee that if this very first bottle failsto give you relief it will cost you nothing. G. S. Varden & Son.iP"a, -Jfvi sgififl4S Wd33 (H2i"Q- (EfliPiThe IdealReading LampOpticians agree that the light from a good oil lamp iseasier on the eyes than any other artificial light.The Rayo Lamp is the best oil lamp made.It gives a strong, yet soft, white light; and it never flickers. It preserves the eyesight of the young ; it helps and quickens that of the old.You can pay $5, $1 0, or $20 for other lamps, but you cannot get" better light than the low-priced Rayo gives.Made of solid brass, nickel-plated. Easily lighted, without removing shade or chimney. Easy to clean and rewick.Dcalcrr evenrwtwe: or write for decriptive circular direct to any agency of tha& ex. i 3 rz r r1Are Men Uninterested in TheirWives?In the tTanuary Womun's Home Companion Mary fleaton Vorse writes anarticle entitled "Is the American Mana Failure." Following i3 an extract:"There are thousands of Americanmen who are merely indifferent totheir women. They are proud of them,but supremely uninterested, and askof their wives only to be let alone.Their business is their life; it is theirlife after they are married just as itwas before. They are playing a tremendous game, and in this country aman has got to win or go to the wall.It makes no difference whether a manis married or a bachelor; it is not thewomen of the country who determineif a man must work at the great rateof speed at which they labor it is thepaceof the country itself which demands it. Our men give generouslyand indulgently to their women-folks;they like to see that they have 'everything in the world,' as the saying ir.It pleases their vanity to see theirhouses well appointed and their womenwell dressed ;;they like the luxury of itfor themselves. What is to be expected of young girls whose fathers havehad no influence in their bringing up,but have merely paid the bills younggirls who have never been taught theuses of money nor any details of anybusiness whatsoever, and whose wholeduty in life is to dress with the extreme perfection of which our womenare past masters and to keep in goodphysical condition and talk amusingly.These are the prices of success, success being measured in this country, aselsewhere, in terms of marriage andattention."Yancey Added to Law Faculty.The College of Law of TransylvaniaUniversity has added Mr. Hogan Yancey to its teaching force.and he is nowinstructing in criminal law. Mr. Yancey having recently been elected CityAttorney, where he will have to lookafter the prosecution of the criminaloffenses against the city, has made aspecial study of criminal law, and willbe quite well fitted for the work ofinstructing the class in this suoject.Mr. Yancey attended TransylvaniaUniversity and is a graduate of Transylvania Law School.Plumber Rat.An old story used to go around ofa plumber who kept a lot of rats inhis shop in a trap, and when he hada call always took one along. Therat was frightened or forced to taketo the drain, and he burrowed throughto his liberty in the sewer. Of course,it was not necessary to take the pipesall to pieces, but the big bill camein, anyhow.Credit Societies.Theere are now 3,456 urban andrural co-operative credit societies inIndia, with a membership of 226,958and a working capital of $3,442,580, ofwhich only $240,590 is contributed bythe government. These figures represent the "work of about seven years.The Poultry Yard.Late hatched pu'lets will come inprofit in a montn or so.You want water not quite 200 degrees hot to scald chicks just right.A man need not be an expert toauttiL puuiury uuimre, DUE ne needs tobe more or less expert to succeed.Many dealers object to eggs withpale yolks. When you find yours aregetting that way, put a little morecorn in the ration.Eggs overwashed in water lose theirbeautiful fresh appearance they havewhen first laid. Add a bit of vinegarto the water and use as little wateras possible.A bit of experience with dampfloors: The upper sa3h of the windows were taken out and muslinplaced there instead, and the dampness enurejy disappeared. Tne theory of this seems to be that the moisture rising escaped through the muslin instead of remaining in the house.There are many days ia this monthwhen it is unfit for fowls to be outdoors. For that reason they shouldbe supplied with a good-sized house,and the floor heavily littered so theymay exercise and keep in good healthThe premisss must be kept perfectlyclean. Filthy quarters bieed disease,and diseased poultry is notprofitableSomething aueer aboyfc hens anrleven chicks turning cannibals andeating each other up alive. The bestexplanation so far is that birds thatdo this need more meat to eat, A bitof a scratch comes on some hens, andthe rest see the red spot or the dropof blood, and out of curiosity pick: itoff. That gives them a taste ot theblood and at it they go to devour thepoor creature. If plenty of meatscraps is given the chances are thatyou will nevpr have any trouble ofthis kind. From Jai.uary FarmJournal.Letter Undraped.Little Lola, aged five, went to thedoor in ansuer to the postman's ring,and was handed a postal card, thefirst one she had ever seen. "Oh,mamma," she exclaimed, "here's a letter for you, but it hasn't got anyskirt on!"Rivals Grandeur of KentuckyWonder.A subterranean cavern rivaling Tinbeauty and grandeur the celebratedMammoth Cave in Kentucky, 'orWyandotte Cave, in Indiana, was discovered a few days ago at the quarryof a stone company in WashingtonTownship, Harrison county, on theOhio river, 25 miles below New Albany, Ind. An opening to the cavernwas uncovered in blasting stone out ofthe quarry.The cavern has been explored for adistance of three quarters of a mileand the stalactite and stalagmite formations are said to be more beautifuland more elaboiate than those of either Mammoth or Wyandotte Cave.The newly discovered cavern is within ten miles of Wyandotte and may bepn arm of that celebrated cave.L. & N. TIME-TtfiEBLIN EFFECT DEC 3, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains .A.rrrvNo.34134297104037312332625913838539308321431FROMAtlanta, 'Ga., Dai'y r.5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .- 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily . 3.34 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily '. 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily .' 5.25 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky. , Daily - 5 47Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday . .6.03Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05.Lexington, Ky.-, Daily iu.Jt pmCincinnati, O., Daily -. . .10:50 pmTrains IDe-psirtpmampmNo.3142940101373733133626253893932813303113TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily'Except Sunday 8.20 an:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily r 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9155 amJacksonville, Fla. , Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily '. . . . s 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily ' -, 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.04 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.54 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pmCincinnati, O., Daily .v 6.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pmLexington, Ky., Daily - . .6.15 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmT-AIN 'EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains .A-rrrveNo. ;FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3 40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort,-Sunday Only : i ..... .'. 10.00 pmTrains JDeprtNo. TO ,161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only : . '. . .. 7.10 am1 7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday z. . . . .. .7.43 am1 F 'ank'fort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , . .v. .'. . . 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky;, Daily Except Sunday. ...-. V: 5.52 ammmmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!3-1IKTRE J2B ReOfflS OF, THE .. -.BRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, In fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.VfL '-1-v 7o?rLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and' modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon Hew$,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.UUmiUUiMM(Iacerporated) --, iJuV4-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC 23, 1911VftV.'.-....fc:t".ftI??if,Jlfe.ymH9SGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,leo to Buck's barber shop. Three first-class barbers.13 tf!W--W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings ForWhole Family atWesuggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured Ring.Here is a ring that is .so good that it is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmost confidence. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould biry. It is the one ring that is worthy ot a guarantee.The "W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,$5.00 or $10.G0 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.(5T irSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.m "The Housem Both Phones.'IEveryDAN COHEN!rIfjira.vJ-,: . -r:-kXVi-4ik.."s':DAN COHEN336 Main StreetL.Masonic Lodge Elects Officers.Paris Lodge No. 2 F. & A. M.. atits regular meeting Wednesday nightelected the following officers :Worshipful Master J. L. Earlywine.Senior Warden J. Sam Martin.Junior Warden A. F. Frendberg.Secretary M. H. H. Davis.Treasurer M. H. Dailey.Senior Deacon A H. Keller.Junior Deacon Reuben Hutchcraft.Tyler George W. Taylor.. Trustee-C. A. McMillan.After the elcetion of the officers theParis Chapter of the Order of theEastern Star served a delightful lunchto the members present. The menuconsisted of old bam. chicken.de volie,chicken salad, beaten biscuits, pickleFolives, salads and hot rollsl' jMr. J. L. Earlywine, the newlyelected worshipful master, deliveredan address which was followed by atoast by Elder Carey E. Morgan.thefReasonable Prices.of Quality." fMBay a Bargain Bay at OurU't8k-&,Va:T frVextend our heartiest season'sings to our numerous friendsrons of Bourbon County.We deeply appreciate the evidences ofyour good will, and we hope that ,you myhave the joy and satisfaction of a Happy andProsperous New Year.x.j Vs.".-'? -v-j,.,,f-V-Xi7At Thgfeig Electric Sign.T&&U4BU? :jTmr. wwS ff -tit JT r'f dfW&f&fc-. -2uiL.VT AWadB5wf:;TvSP5 Jmt V"BW- -WmZ. tt -n mMILLERSBURG ITEMS.The marriage of Miss Marie LouiseCray, the youngest daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. B. Cray, to Mr. JohnClarke Leer, Jr., the son of Mr. andMrs. W. G. Leer, was solemnized Wednesday afternoon at 4 o'clock at theMethodist church. This was the mostnotable society event which has takenplace here in the past two years. Thesociety events which have led up to itwere numerous and the whole culminated in a beautiful climax Wednesdayafternoon when this happy couple became one. Owing to the inclemencyof the weather of Tuesday it was feared by those most interested that itwould be exceedingly disagreeable.During the night the lain ceased andit turned colder. While-the wind wasdisargeeable and a light falling snowwas somewhat unpleasant the weatherwas far better than the preceding dayand the large handsomely dressed audience was found waiting- long beforethe time for the ceremony to begin, thespacious auditorium filling early.The altar was decorated with fernsand palms, and flowers of pink andwhite were everywhere in profusion.Miss Lucille Dailey presided at theorgan, rendering sweet music whilethe audience assembled. Prqmptly atthe appointed time the bridal partyentered in the following order underthe beautiful strain of Lohenrginsbridal chorus: Ushers, Alex Millerand Carlton Ball, left aisle; JamesMiller and Ed Fagan, right aisle ; MissEthel Johnson, maid of honor, lettaisle, gowned in white serge suit withpink roses ;Richard Gerrard, best man,right aisle. The bride, gowned in ahandsome white broadcloth suit, withpicture hat and carrying brideroses,came down the left aisle, and thegroom down the right aisle. All metnt the altar forming a pretty groupwhere they were joined by Rev. Oney,of Lexington, the officiating minister.The Methodist Episcopal ceremonywas used and was delivered in an impressive manner, the beauty of whichwas heightened by soft, sweet musicat the organ. At the close of the ceremony the bridal party left the churchunder the strains of Mendellsohnstwedding march. They returned at oncejto the home of the bride where after afew congratulations from relatives andmost intimate friends they took anauto for Lexington leaving on the8:40 train over the C. & O. for theEast where they will sojmrn aevralweeks.The presents were costly, handsomeand numerous. This young coupleenter life under the most favorablecircumstances and are members of themoht prominent families of Bourbon.Mies Cray is an accomplished jounglady, a graduate of M. F. C, a skilliStore1Tgreetand pati ."WtXr"'!-Paris, Kentucky.m red violinist and vocalist. Mr. Leer isa graduate ot M. M. I. and also ofKentucky State University, Lexington.He is a young man of high attainments and is one of themost successful farmers of Central Kentucky. Theyboth have a large circle of friends whoextend conrgatulations. The followingis a partial liBt of the out of townguests: Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Current,Mr. and Mis. J. W. Clarke, Rev.0..eyf tor. and Mrs. H. S. Stout, Lexington ; Miss Ida Lee Harris and brother, Mr. Jen: Harris, Nolan, W. Va. ;Miss Etta Douchemin, Cincinnati; Mr.and Mr. D. C. Clarke, Louisville;Mrs. Nellie Highland, Mr. and Mrs.Leer Stout, Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Carter, Paris; Mr. and Mrs. W J. Kennedy, Carlisle; Mr. and -Mrs. J. S.Clarke, Campbellsville ; Mr. and Mrs.James Riley and Miss Mary Parker,Maysville, Misses Ardian and ElizabethJefferson, Mayslick, Mr. and Mrs. A.C. Strode, Chester, Mont., Mrs. Turner Perry, Owingsville.Mrs. M. E. Martin and Mr. J.Stewart continue about the same.H.Miss Anna Conway has returned aftera several weeks' visit to relatives atParis.The infant son of Mr. and Mrs. M.P. Collier who has not been so well isslightly improved.Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Wilson and littledaughter, Aleta, spent Tuesday withMr. Albert Wilson and faimly at Carlisle. Mr. T. E. Savacre and daughter.Miss Mary Savage, are spending theChristas holidays with son and brother,Dr. W. E. Savage, at Cincinnati.Miss Dorothy Peed, who has beenspending the Christmas holidays athome, will leave Saturday to resumeher duties in the graded schools atBirmingham, Ala.Services Sunday morning and evening at the Prebsyterian and Methodistchuiches by the pEstors, Dr. F. H.Creighion, of Indianapolis, Ind., willpreach Sunday morning at the Chiistian church.Three young men from Paris calledon some young ladies here Sundayafternoon and on tneir return justafter crossing the bridge over Hinkston their horse fell bursting a bloodvesbel and died almost immediately.Miss Alma Duke Jones, organist atthe Methodist church, was given aChristmas donation Sunday night of827.50 in gold by the church. She is alovely young lady and the most talented young musician in the commuonity.The drawing of the watch, whichwas set to take place Monday afternoon, January l,at 3 o'clock, will takep lace Saturday, December 30. Thisis due to the fact that Monday is aholiday and I will be called from homeon important business.AARON McCONNELL,Christmas trees ere very much inevidence here Monday. In most everyhome where there were little folks theChristmas tree was to be seen. TheSunday school and teacher of theChristian church were nicely remembered Sunday morning with boxes ofcandy and oranges. The Methodistchurch gave their Christmas donationto the worthy poor of tne town anicommunity and a number of littlehearts were made happy.Among thobe who spent Christmasday away from home are the following :Mr. vv. M. 5ecratt, Mr3, Anna Jeffprson, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jefferson withMr. and Mrs. W. R. Becraft at Paris,the little sun of Mr. and Mrs. J. H.Williamson, with his grandparents,Mr. and Mis. Carpenter, at Versailes,Miss Lucy Kobertson with relatives atParis, Misses Gladys and Amelia Hurstwith their grandpaients, Mr. and Mrs.Ed Cochran, at Eliazville.The following arearrong the numberwho are spending the Cnristmas holidays here: Mr. C T. Darnell, CarlisleMr. and Mrs. W. T. McConnell, MtOlivet, Mr. C. B. McConnell, Stutgart,Ark. Mr. Earl Baiton, Louisville, Mr.and Mrs. J. M. Alverson, Lawrenceburg Mr. Lewis Rogers, Cain RidgeMiss Kate Linville, London Messs. A.and B. Smedley, Hutchison, MissesBeeding, Cincinnati, Mr. and Mrs. Virgil Chandler, Louisville, Miss VirginiaKackley, Flemingsburg Misa Nutter,Georgetown Miss Jennie Evans, Mayslick. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray entertainedthe bridal party of the Cray-Leer wedding at a dinner Tuesday evening fortheir daughter, Miss Luise, Miss EthelJohnson, Miss Lucille Dailey, Millersburg Miss Etta Douchemin, CincinnatiMis3 Ida Lee Harris, Nolan, W. Va.Messrs. 'Alex Miller, James Miiler,Carlton Ball and Clarke Leer, Millersburg, Messrs. Edwin Fagan, Ajgusta,and Richard Garrard, Louisa, and Rev.Oney, Lexington, who officiated at thewedding. The dining room was beautifully decorated, the color scheme being red and white. The cut glass andsilver glistened undar . the subduedlight of candles. A large bouuet ofred carnations adorned the center ofthe table above which the weddingveil of the bride's mother was drapedto the corners of the table. A delightful dinner consisting of four courseswas served the guests.Amity Lodge No. 40, F. & A. M.,held its annual election Wednesdaynight. Quite a large number ofMasons were present. The followingofficers were elected :Worshipful Master M. P. Collier.Senior Warden H. M. CampbelLJunior Warden J. B. Cray.Treasurer S. M. Allen.Secretary J. H. Burroughs.Tyler Aaron McConnell.Chaplain J. H. Linville.W. A. Butler and R. M. Caldwellwere re-elected Senior and JuniorDeacons.Mr. W. V. Shaw, the retiring Masterhas acquitted himself with much distinction during his incumbency andwas constantly working to the bestinterests of the loci orgaaization.His successor, Mr. Collier, haspreviously served two terms in thiscapacity. Mr. Allen, ad treasurer,was re-elected by a unanimous voteaYid'on June 1 will enter oa his tenthconsecutive term. Amity Lodsre hasenjoyed a brilliant year, ten new mbers being admitted while onlyhavejieen loac, one by deathr andby demit.Local Option Compromise.A press dispatch from Franfort says:"A compromise county unit localoption measure will be offered to theLegislature next month, and it is believed it will be acceptable to bothside of the long drawn out fight. Thecompromise bill will provide thatwhenever 50 per cent or a majority ofthe votes of any city in the State askfor a vote on the liquor question avote snail be taken as to whether ornot liquor shall be sold in that city,the vote to be taken irrespective ofthe fact that the whole county mayhave previously voted dry. The present law provides that here 25 per centor only one fourth of the voters incities of the first, second, third andfourth classes sign a petition askingfor a vote on the liquor question thevote shall be taken."Make Right Use of Money.Money Is sublime or ridiculous,cording to' the man who has it.ao-; "MpiykJEsnssjjMMSEsaaMmamtmmAgpjitEET1NWe desire to thank our many friendsand patrons for their liberal patronage during the past year, anddesire a continuance of same.We wish all a Happy and Prosper-New vYear.ousFORDDimntrr M-io i m r. 'xw r--HYryT - fmKZi W- iv i Hill I JHHHwk$2mFmi$ lllIFTCoprricbt, 1911, by the Standard Afrertistar Co.MOST Christmas gifts tarnish with time and linger onlym memory, but thereout as an aid to character building, and that is abank account. If you would make the recipient trulyhappy, open' a bank account for him or her. This can bedone with a dollar ormore.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings a! DEPOSIT BANK OF PA'Capital $1 00,000The Natural Thing."There," cried Jonathan to a newly-arrivedIrishman, as he waved hishand In the direction- of the Horseshoe falls at Niagara; "there, now,Isn't It wonderful?""Wonderful? What's wonderfulabout that?""Why, to see all that water comethundering over those rocks.""Faith, then, to tell ye the honesttruth." was the response. "Oi can't seeanything so wonderful about thatWhat is thir to prevint it from comIn' over?" Housekeeper.Town's Unique Holiday.The town of Milton. Wash., has anunusual holiday known as "Strawberry Day." On this day the businessmen serve strawberries free to allwho visit the town to do shopping.Ijpife J.& CO.J.4xZ- Iis one that lasts and shinesountsSurplus $30,000ttJLOPi'RIS,..f it.,t:: 'ti4J.TmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmHmmBmmmmmmmitva.(HERE IT 15I . -65 AHHWl CONGLAVE.GWW GOMMANDERY OF KENTUCKY.IM9aSUNMONTUE,WED,THUFRISAT.l23512613789fO14151617192620212223242728g3)314111825COVI NGEXPORT$4m-65 ANNUAL CONCLAVEV."fJ(ii!,f'&fekv..v.VS$yV V .'-i t . vF1 ..,- iSF.''&''. $& '?.K.'l f i r '4J&&1, .,, v eV T V w4 v. - f,?,IfeI.-Jv''-- : i,,,iLWHEREGRAND COMMANDERY- KENTUCKYKNIGHT5 TE.MPLARMAY 29-30, 19)2 "5 IT???;'Nsj-SSW.&HEMP0Kr "'. ' .'1 .i,1?' '"4.',&$.. '?. Jfefc-- w-'.Ya'flflPISOlMPRDU CRK C "TT PRItiCETO!,35'ULXOMafetaQsaiffiEk''-. ""WEN520R0iFT. ft V- 4-V- Va9JLHKLnH0PKIN5VILLJ0S'sU&JW'"' VA5KLRiVfc. rF."7fc-v o,64 "&vRISLOUISYILLE jfrrva5JNT. STERLINGifcWINCHESTERrrS9)R1GHMPN1 !P-&VJ7ni C5"24-U-P- ij&is'u.j-,,;--. ,.. Hew0 ?-'-tM4V50linR5ETG'- ,i".J UMDONv.jtt4) GLASGOW;rOYXUriq 5KEEN;.;j j jff,.4 . .V-jK-'..: ' -.' r, -V .j, ' '"''. .'1, tf:&S'if.? .v .J--.&.Xt.4a, w.x65WNUAL CONGLAVE.GRANP GOnMANDERY OF KENTUCKY.IM912SUN.MON.TUE.WED.THU.FRI.SATs12192661320277142128152291623(g)io172431411182565 T- ANNUAL CONCLAVEGRAND COMMANDERY" KENTUCKYKNIQHT5 TLMPLAR, , MAY Z9-30, 1912WHLRE 15 IT?coving;FfllWinErtPORTVNpWCftK'RinCLTolo' s w Somerset udmdok y) OC M6LA560W fsjr vLBOTIUNG 6REIN .j QfH0PKIN5VILLl- w" nHS