C -?'VTHE BOURBON NEWS.T ,--4r -"-PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1911.NUMBER 60iSemi-weekly SpecialsiAt TheSIMONDep't StoreThursday, Aug. 3rd1 5c Gauze Vests at Half -Price,7 1 -2c EachPour Vests to a Customer.Sale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.LNOTE All Summer goods at cost. Immmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mtm4ry.,A New Order ofw c?--sLJU3II lCS9BeginningAugust 1,191 1After careful consideration, I have decided itto the best interest of myself and customers toadopt a strictly cash business.By so doing I will be able to get the best goodsat very lowest prices, and can give you sameadvantages. Positively no accounts will be kept,but cash down when goods are sold or delivered.I fully appreciate the very generous patronageof the past "and ask a continuance of same underour new system, with the assurance that you J willfind it to your interest to do so."One price to all and that the lowest."The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,wII-MfMMMMiBMSMMM&MB&B',aw:;5ff..so.r:fx.r5tf;irSB?yS.,'5-"j6Z5-"iS'wi'i?f-'iSiaHfsiraif.rgTttvffi?&u2ir?V.!12m&gl&litS&'!SWMSSKV!0EVWCTVIr-.rfSVTVCTVranm.j ' .;. -BEfe3&M n C 4 I I I V DOI-P te-iggjk !LJULI " r I!$) MHHHHHHHHHHnHHBHHHHMHMHHHHiSTRAW HATS 1-2 OFF7&K&??713&&2SSfvNd&&J2&3vICIiVPANAMA HATS. 25 Per Cent Offi3HVviSs' JBfeONE LOI BOYS' 50c GAPS NOW 15c9EKKIBScffb-t.HE?S.aagiPrice & Co.9Clothiers.5KKWm3?-mzmmmmmmm'wMBBB$3mMm7 1 i t jmm-z; mi mmjr-i r. j j d .mL-mmi r s7- j. y-:rvTi.ygi. i ' " - t jwt1 .'jicr:iA.iiiAiLVVA. vyTwo Injured in Auto Accident.Two petsons were painfully injuredand three others had narrow escapesas the result of an automobile accidentwhich occurred Friday night while aparty composed of Albert Lyons, JonnJ. Williams, Bennie Weissberg. Wm.Giltner and Frank Goodman, a member of the Paris Base Ball Club, werereturning ftom the base ball game atWicnhester.The accident occurred about twomiles frum Clintonville when theparty was enroute to Lexinggton fromWinchester after the game. Wm. Giltvner, who was driving the machine,was unfamiliar with the road and at asharp curve the machine crashed intoa tree at the side of the, road.The nccupant3 of thei machine werethrown out by the force of the impactand it is a miraclb that all escapedwithout serious injury, as the car wasbeing driven at a very rapid rate ofspeed. Lyons and Williams were theworst injured of the party, the formersuntained a fracture of two ribs andwas bruised about the head and body,while the latter suffered a brokencollar bone and was badly cut aboutthe face and head.The injured men were attended byDr. Wm. Kenney, who went to theiraid in an auto,and returned with themto Paris.Another accident which came nearresulting seriously occurred a shorttime after the news of the first accident was received here. While Mrs.Wm. Giltner, Miss Effie Paton and Dr.W. C. Usaery were enroute to thescene in an automobile driven byGeorge Bedford, a few miles fromParis, and at a sharp curve in theroac', the brake of the machine refusedto work with the result the auto raninto a stone fence. Fortunately noneof the occupants were injured and themachine was damaged but little.r"WE KNOW HOW""IClaim Holders Receive TheirMoney.Checks to 10,5011 claim holdersagainst the defunct Southern MutualInvestment and American ReserveBond companies were sentout Fridayby J. C Rogers, receiver of the concerns. The amount represented bythe checks totals $90,000. This is thesecond dividend paid to investors. Itis not known when the next and finalpayment will be made, but it is saidthat claimholaers will receive in allabout 25 per cent of their dues.The claimants live in practicallyevery state in the Union. The companies failed about ten years ago formore than $1,000,000.A number of claimholders of theconcern were residents of thisAnty.Echo Issues Industrial Edition.The Mountain Echo.of London, cameto us Saturday in the form of an industrial edition, compiled by Dortch.Campbell, of Middiesboro. The reviewis an excellent publication, settingforth the developments t of the coalfields in Laurel county. The editionis onH of exceptional beauty typographically and reflects credit uponthe enterprising publisher of the Echo.Wall Paper Bargains.Come in and secure some of the bargains I am offering in wall papermattings this week.J. T. HINTON.andWoman Cremated.Mrs. Calvin Blakeman, aged 48, wasburned to death in Nicholasville Sunday night at her home when she tripped and fell down the cellar stepswhile carrying a lighted lamp. In aneffort to extinguish the flames herhusband and son were severely burned.Special drivesweek.Your Chance.in wall paper thisJ. T. HINTON.Bourbon County Crop ConditionsWidespread is the distress ocacsioned by the protracted drought and farmers have looked for relief in theform of a downpour of rain.Each day the corn crop is nearer acondition of absolute failure and theloss in the county will run up into thethousands of dollars.The tobacco crop will be the lightestin years, in. fact, a smaller yield thanthat produced during the dry year of1887, when tobacco sold at an averageprice of from 15 to 20 cents per pound,is indicated.Pastures are without the semblanceof a life and the last blade of greenhas perished.Pools and springs are getting lowand water for both man and beast issought after.The usual crop of rag weed is beingheld in check by the drought and thefailure of the crop is indicated.Many farmers who staked the resultof the year's work upon returns froncrops of corn and tobacco see ;nothmgin sight but failure.Live stock are being sold and rushpdto market, as the teed pioblern is suchthat it will not pay to carry themthrough the coming winter.Farmers who stand ready co sowstubble fields in clover, cow peas,alfalfa, rye and late corn as roughagecrops to take the place of hay forwinter use and fall grazing are butwaiting for a rain, the ground is toohard and diy to plow.Feed of all kinds for live stock isgoing to be higher than for manyyears and already old hay is being imported fnto the county from the West.Farmers who have a supply of oldcorn wont sell at the present marketsprices, high as these are, and aregoing to hold for the advance thatmust come with the failure of the newcrp, which- now seems inevitable.v,V. . 'i 4We Are Now Located in OurHandsome New Store RoomiAnd are ready to receiveour friends and customers,Come in and have a lookat our new home.i?IVIitrholl & Rlalimnr5 1m Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentucky SV VHIV VHIBBIHBHHiV '.'..'b.. 4HIHHHHHHHHP fS"? VsHHB fcy 'iiimimiimmLiiOTriiniiiiimm AI FRANK & CO. IfThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. i;3; 4REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles inLA WINSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at 10 and 12 J -2c a yardNew Fall Styles in Dress Ginghamsv at JO and 12 J -2c yard.-SUMMER SLIPPERSWd have just received several of the very newest styles' in slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede at1.95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pair; 1Remnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,Calicoes, Etc, all at Big Reductions3Frank & Co.Paris,KentuckySMininiiiuiMnHiTTiiKr.iTtiJliMninuiinLninHiKUHiiiiiiiiiiiiiMriMiHiuruiixjjjiuiiiiniiiiiuiiuiinin.MniiutHiiiwjiHM'tmsmm&mmmmmmmmwffimwmm$$$6i .v ri rf .if i -uns irtMawaNJP?1-Woman's P&werK Over Man"Woman's most glorious endowment is the powerto awaken and hold the pure end honest love of aworthy,. man. When she loses it and still loves n,no one in the wide world Can know the heart agonyshe ensures. The wpinan who sufTcrs from weakness and derangement of her special womanly organism soon loses the power to away the heart ofa man. Her general health suffers and she losesher good looks, her attractiveness, her amiabilityBOTH PHONES, 124. . .NO. sk MA1K STKEET.ASWIFT CHAMP, .-" Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poscoffiee as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 9 Years o Continuous Publicationand her power and prestige as a woman. Dr. R.V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N.Y., Tfitlithe assistance of his staff of able physicians, has prescribed for and cured manythousands of women. He has devised a successful remedy for woman's ailments. It is known as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It is a positivespecific for the weaknesses and disorders peculiar to women. It purifies, regulates, strengthens and heals. Medicine dealers sell it. No honest dealer wiiradvise you to accept a substitute in order to make a little larger profit. v 'IT MAKES WEAK WOMEET STRONG, V 'SICK "WOMEN WELL.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and strengthen Stomach, Liver and BowelC 'Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent, insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pu bush ed Every Tuesday and Friday.Thev last a lifetime. They're Fireproof Stormproof-Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings" Forfurther detailed information apply toMILLER & REST, Millersburg, Kentucky.'-!! i ' '-4ONE YEAR, - - - $L.OO SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance .$1.00m&mmni fflb.r9s tmtUmtSfiriusiiizrircJii'Vi-itn'-:j. ' "'.rs.v: vj.iWmM! Kl-?V-VA-.-f:;;--73alx v.Sjk:to(IStototototoi toi' to1 . toi toi ir, ti to.: totoJV. Hl I!'. I1! tt(PVH ORIG2NALITY' MlSK B7 ' ANDKWjIgBBpjPyments from all otliers, while- prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.HOKE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broad vay, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THEmg8&&" ' .? iir avwsY,X.OWRY &srcqEJt .JT4 &&? $hm 4CAri.il 1 olrfir. i 'I i i I! "iBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Hk J'z0mBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.Can Live Long Without Food.Aneagle can live 28 days withoutfood.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found that& simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,&s compounded in D. D. D., can he relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives ine tant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.Xy.?.iv.ijrfv:SUPERIORITYWSSfo.!SSvSrIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality Hstinguislizs our MonuGARDENis a real pleasure if you Tavethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the "world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. TALBOTTWtototoOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.LIQUID CURES ECZEMA JWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medirnlauthorities are now agreed on this:.Don. t Imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage' them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and give you instant relief.- ,Funny How They Fall for It.J. W. Glenn,' an bperator of slotmachines, fpoul room tout and -confidenceman, well rememered by thesporting element of Paris, for a neatscheme pulled off here a few yearsago, when the local sports werevictimized to the extent of couple ofthousand dollars or a "sure thing" putover the same thing on a Washington,D. C, man a few weeks ago. Thestory iva told in a dispatch fromWashington to the Cincinnati Enquirer, is as follows :Enticed into attempting to get richquickly by two clever confidence menand drawn into their clutches by theseeming certainty of making "easymoney," J. T. Henshaw, of this city,a member of the firm of Henshaw &Co., was swindled out of $2,035 whileon a recent trip to Niagara Falls, N.Y-. So well did the swindlers playtheir game that it was only today thatMr. Henshaw discovered his loss andreported the affair. The game wasthe old lamiliar poolroom schemeMr. Henshaw tells the story as follows: "While at Niagara Falls I met aman who gave the name of J. W.Glenn. We took a trip around thegorge and going to a hotel at the endwe sat down to rest. We had not beenthere long when a man sat down nearus and began counting a bunch ufmoney, some of it being thousanddollar bills."Glenn recognized the man, callinghim Mr. Bentley. Bentiey said hewas employed at n salary of fiftydollars a day and that he had telegraphic information each day frommen who controlled tne horses at thetrack and that he placed his bets withabsolute certainty. Taking us intotne hotel he showed us n little roomwhere the side walls were chalked upwith the names of horses. Eight orten men were in the room I lookedaround and Bentlej and myself wentback to the room upstairs. Bentleyput a thousand dollar bill in my handand said, 'take this and put it up onFloyd Wells"1 went down into the room andpassed Bentley's $1,000 into the window, together with S2 of my own. Inabout two' minutes Floyd Wells wasannounced the winner, and I drewdown $2,004."In a few minutes Bentley sent medown with another thousand dollars toput upon Bright Star. This was alsoa winner and I pulled down $2,008.hsving put $4 of mine on it."Bentley asked how much moneywe had Glenn had $40 and I confessed to $35. This we put up. Bentleythen wanted to know what banks weussd. I gave him the name of onebank where I had no money. Glennsaid he did business with the FirstNational of Indianapolis. Bentleythen began to write out checks. Irefused to sign them, but Benley did,ana caKing tne pnony cnecKs ne wentdtwn and made the bet himself. Hethen gave me the ticket and told meto go down and cash in on it. Theamount put i p was $5,000 in worthlesschecks and S75 in money."I gave the ticttec into the bookmaker and he had counted out $8,000hen the manager came in and said,'We will have to hold this bet until wefind out if these chtcks are good.""With this we went outside and confessed the situation. Finally we gdtthe worthless checks, destroyed themand when Glenn and myself drewsight drafts in our banks for theamount of the checks, which we turned over"to the bookmaker. Our draftswere pronounced O. K. within a dayor two and we got the amount of ourbet, $10,150."I remained outside. In a littlewhile Bentley came to me, and givingme a 51.000 bill and two $500 bills, toldme to bet the $2,000 on Dr. Watsonfor place. I gave the ticket to Bentley. "Bentley jumped up with the exclamation, 'What have you fellowsdone. I told you to bet Dr. Watsonfor place and you have bet him as a"They went to the bookmaker andtried to get him to charge the tickettop lace, but the race had been run.Glenn volunteered to take all theblame, as he knew that I was a poorhand at the game and said he wouldgo home and get $5,000 and makegood. With this we arranged our parting to meet again in Philadelphia."I was given $10 and Glenn wasgiven $20. I went to Philadelphia,and after staying theie thiee days,hearing nothing irom Glenn, I supposed he had concluded tu pocket his lessand -drop out, so 1 came home. Iwrote to Glenn but the letter was returned. Then I realized I had beendone out of $2,035."Poured Bullets into PleadingWife.John Pack, a Lewis farmer, shot hiswife and men turned the revolver upon himself.The couple have been married ayear. Mrs. Pack left home recently,alleging ill treatment. Pack sent f jrher lepeatedly. Sne finally went back,pleading for better treatment, whereupon he took her by the hand and helaher tightly as he poured the bullets into her body. He saved one for him-Former Parisian Gives Views asAlienist.Many recent destructive fires in Chicago, under investigation by 'the police, are believed to be of iniendiaryorigin. In many of the conflagrationsscorfs of horses ere burned to deathand officials are working upon thetheory that the perpetrator is a person laboring under a mental perverson,hitherto unknown to scientists.This person is believed to be a girl,whose desire to see animals sufferprompted the acts which recentlycaused such immense losses in Chicago.It is the belief that this mania wasresponsible, and that there were nocauses for revenge, nor robbery themotive.Dr. John Steele Sweeney, says theChicago Laily Journal, residentphysician of the Palmer house, whohas studied extenisvely along ths line,has given valuable information on thesubject"The human mind can never have adefinite conception of what limits thehuman mind can go to," he said."There is a limn to everything knownbut man'sTmind. That is more infiniteeven than space. Science has calculated the extent of 'infinite' space, butthere is nothing tnat will ever lead beyond or even to the limits of mind."In explaining pyrnmania and otherperversions of the human intellect,such as are held responsible for recentincendiarism in Chicago, he said:"Impulsive insanity is characterizedby the development of morbid tendencies and impulses which either dominate over violtion continually or inrecuning paroxysms.'These acts, which aopear withoutmotive, arc performed because of anirresistible impulse. The impulses donot arise as a result of a consciousplan, but appear suddenly, are quicklyexecuted, and ofter quite indefinite,thereby causing the actions to appearunpremeditated, Durpuseless and evenabsutd. In case the act is serious ordangerous its accomplishment may bepreceded by a conscious struggle. Butyet, the worst acts are often, performed without delay, and as a matter ofcourse. Neither the regret that follows nor the fear for the resultssuffices to suppress the recurrence ofsimilar impulses."lhe impulse to set fire is exhibitedespecially by young girls. Sometimesj the morbid pleasure of seeing thingsourn ana at Hearing the crackle ofthings burning dates from early childhood. Morbid impulses to destroy andkill are other instances. There areyoung women who show a morbid impulse to beat little children entrustedto their care."One should not confound the relapsing of criminals with the regularrepetition of similar criminal ec s inthese patients, lhe criminal sets fire,kills and steals, but he does it fromstlfish motives and for some definitepurpose.perhaps to do sdmeone injury,While the person suffering from impulsive insanity such as pyromania isforced by the dominating impulse todo the dted against his or her will.Frequently the patient has a feelingthat the action is inconsistent, unnatural morbid."In impulsive insanity the're is aptto be associated with the idea of themorbid act a feeling of desire andeagerness for its performance and thepatients cannot remain quiet until itis donp. The performance of the actis immediately followed by a feelingof relief, while failuie brings disappointment." Dr. Sweeney has made a specialstudy of incendiary fires in Chicago.He classes oy themselves the ones inwhich horses were hurned and his investigation, he says, convinces himthat the acts wtre ihcse of insaneyoung women.Dr. Sweeney was formerly of Paris,ard for a- number of years has beenphysician at the Palmer house. Hehas made quite a reputation as aphysician and the intprest he hsstaken in this matter and the valuableassistance rendered is the' talk ofChicago.Frightfully Stung by Bees.Mrs. C K. Augustus and her daughter of Louisville, undertook to releasea blind horse that had become entangled in a mass of wire in their backyard, not knowing that the animal inits plunges had overturned a hive ofbees.The two women were almost stungto death befcre passers by rescuedthem..A few years ago flyingmachines were hardlythought of, nor wasScolt's Emulsionin summer. Now Scott'sErimlsion is as much a summer as a winter remedy.Science did it. Ail DtuuiGEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOB AND LICENSED EMBALMEfi.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.t)7 r --' -"-,Tw'TrrTgTrT8iWrrn'gI)Were you dissatisfied with your8 . m . I I Viabi cuai. iryBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY,INQiSSS)KSS3ssXScgSfr22S(MURDERIn prices of our entire stock o Men's Ladies' andChildren's Summer Footwear. Than to have it left overfor next season we dicided to sell out all our entire stockat the mercy of the public at prices that are lower thanthan the manufacturers can produce. Here are a few ofthe big Bargains.Men's pat. Button or Lace, $4 value at $2.00Men's gun metal Button or Lace, $4 value . .$2.00Men's Tan Oxfords button or lace, $4.50, . . .$3.25Ladies' 1, 2 and 3-strap Pumps, $3 value.... $1.75-Misses' 1 and 2-strap Pumps, $2 value $1.29THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.East Tenn. Telephone Co?.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and ' -LONGDISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges at ' .Paris, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little' Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennes'see service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CqIncorporatedId&SPs?yNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44? JtfcCURESCholera. Gaoes. LimhernecZVZJtl r. ninrrhnoa2fO OTJEE, JCO PATIv4l TCnlin PwaiiI t).J.l t ? f, V ! tpo$;;dY,1Irt!?,?,c, BaiAtown. Ky.. ay . 'One drop.. ... y'".-. uaimiunu, rvy.. sajchicken kills lh wnnn anrl .K.. . iLJ jr. -w. uicuinaMuy. in me Des t preventive I have ever used "Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Dniists.awkuvj. o. v arueu og DOLL. -iwezasjssig)PARIS, KY.II Rnnn fanfcpranrl !l noo'JTnTAr..in....... J.......of Recipe 4-11-44 droao u,n A. U:H jtM M I " 1 .tWfle chick instantly. Itis the best preventive I have ever used."Onht rVtm S.-J.A-. v.. n --dtIWrir sP-vtt1G. S. Varden & Son.wife sanklto the floor, k -l ' IiLsj?-'".i rTtV ,rz -,-- ij. J -Tftj Z3- ".'yTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 1, 1911,jLrtLHUimT irr niiummiBniii rt'CteiiiMMMMMMHMMlMMiAEROPLANE FLIGHTS BY BIRDMEN AT LEXINGTON FAIaswififmroiimC5vSSBra&SsWKOne LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $WiSl Close Out at 'Job PrinfindFlights Will Begin on Tuesday and Several Will be Madeby J. A. D. McCurdy Each Day Over Lexingtonal1. 1ik'4t1WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDBood Work Bone Clieap;Clieap Work Bone Oood!-8&-t "''.""&s "Wr III nntGrt VtSVSsbi'tSCsfl wfftESewe have your sszcTRE JQB R0OfflS OfTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as32BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Aeroplane Flight of J. A.D. McCurdy OverColorado.the Rocky Mountains inOutstanding in importance amongthe amusement features arranged forthe big Blue Grass tair, which will beheld at Lexington the week of August7th to 12th, are the daily aeroplaneflights to be given by the world famousaviator, Mr. J. A. D. McCurdy.No other modern science is the subject of so much interest to-day as theeffort to perfect aerial navigation.Among those engaged in this work,Mr. McCurdy holds a foremost place.The feats which he has already accomplished have given him a reputation that is not confined to the American continent, but extends throughout the world. A nephew of Dr. Alexander Graham Bell, inventor of theBell Telephone, Mr. McCurdy has beenplaced all his life in the closest touchwith foremost scientific investigation,and his work with heavier-than-air machines has done much for the development of the science of navigation.Perhaps best known among his accomplishments along this line is theflight made last winter from Tampa toHavana. It was the longest waterflight in the history of aviation andproved beyond peradventure the absolute practicability of the aeroplane. Inaddition Mr. McCurdy was the firstman to send a wireless message froman aeroplane, and he has made numerous other experiments and .flightsthat have not only been spectacular,but have been of large service in theadvancement of the science to whichhe has devoted his life.Formerly connected with the GlennH. Curtiss Co., Mr. McCurdy has nowa powerful organization of his ownand is building his own machine. Heis using the world famous Gnome motor, which holds all records in aviationfor distance, duration, speed and altitude. The speed of the new McCurdymachine, which will be shown to theAmerican people for the first time atthe Blue Grass fair, is equal to that ofGeo, 19Wi!IamsfNo more tickets v'ren on raffle until further notice f&any" of the foreign monoplanes. Withit McCurdy can easily attain seventyfive miles an hour. With such a machine he will give demonstrations atthe Blue Grass fair that will be notonly thrilling to the spectator, but ofvery great educational value. as well.Beginning Tuesday, August 8th, thesecond day of the fair, Mr. McCurdywill make several flights each day.He will attain an altitude of more thana mile and will remain in the air fromthirty to forty minutes. On August8th he will also make a flight from thegrounds of the Blue Grass Fair association in Lexington to Winchester,the county seat of Clark county, eighteen i "cs Clstint. There he willalight for a few minutes to carry acoran-i reaticn from Ihe officials ofthe IT.'o Crriss fair to the mayor ofWincfcter, and, when an answer isreccu ci. will ccme immediately backto the Biue Grass fair grounds. The !round t:T, including the stop at Winchester will be made in less than qthour and a half. This trip will notonly prcvo the speed of the McCurdymachine, Lut it will also show the practical uses to which modern air craftof the best type can be put.The management of the Blue Grassfair anticipates that these aeroplaneflights alone will be considered by thejjeopje of Central Kentucky well worththe price of admission and will drawto the grounds record-breaking crowds.The flights will be arranged at suchhours throughout the day that theycan be witnessed by all. Those whocome from a distance and are compelled to take early afternoon trainswill hae the opportunity to see theseflights before being compelled to leave.The fastest and most powerful of allAmerican aeroplanes directed by themost skillful of American aviators isthe attraction that will be oifered during the week of the Blue Grass fair,August 7th to 12th.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toUIUIATIS1Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.WlITC'lilTlciLlj v' Aching bones, swollen joints perma-TlPnr.lv pnrpri thir.nh thA h nnri withV '--'' "--w w -vs, ,,-.v...And ReturnVIACARNIVAL FEATURESplendid List of Shows Has Been Secured For the Blue Grass Fair.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the besthavingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces. - , -Ok Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcuaiaiiuWiurtA splendid last of shows, carnivafeatures and riding devices has beerarranged for the big Blue Grass failat Lexington, the week of August 7ttto 12th. All of these are furnished bjMr. Herbert A. Kline, of Flint, Mich,and are under his personal directiorand management. No other man irthe country today has such a reputation or standing along his own particular line as has Mr. Kline. He knowswhat the people want and he alwaysgives it to them. The fact that yeaiafter year he has gone back to thegreat state fairs of the north and westis the surest proof of the manner inwhich he satisfies his patrons.Mr. Kline has this year not only thebest aggregation of shows which hehas ever managed, but the best thatwere ever put together on one groundAfter the close of the big Winnipegexposition at Winnipeg, Canada, onJuly 22nd, he goes to the North Dakota State fair for the week of July24th and then uses the interveningweek to ship to Lexington so as to beready to open at the Blue Grass fairon Monday, August 7 th. Due to astrike on the Grand Trunk railroad anumber of Mr. Kline's shows, "whichwere to appear at the Blue Grass fairlast year, did not reach Lexington. Sothis year he is taking every precaution to see that ample time is allowedfor shipment and to provide againstany possible contingency that wouldprevent his having here his full aggregation. There are some eighteen shows and"riding devices .in the lot which Klinebrings. Among them may be mentioned the Trained Wild Animal show, theIndian Village, the Ostrich Farm, theFlea Circus, the Dog and Monkey hotel, the Diving Girls, the Zoo, the Perseverance, Bonitathe educated horse,and various others of equal merit.These shows will te on the BlueGrass fair grounds throughout theweek of the fair. All of them areclean, moral, and entirely free fromobjectionable features. Any lady orany child "will be safe itf visiting themunattended. They will prove, one ofthe interesting amusement features ofthe fair.FARMS EXHIBITWILL ATTRACT UNUSUAL INTER-EST FROM THE STANDPOINTOF THE BLUE GRASSFARMER.Individual Farm Exhibit Will AttractBest Possible Display of IndividualProducts Shown on Farmsin Central Kentucky.Sunday, Aug. 6, '11.Fare $150 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7 :50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN . T. A.Shortest Will on Record.The shortest will ever offered forprobate in Warren county, and probably in the State, came before JudgeDenhardt, at Bowling Green, recently.It is written on a small scrap of paperpossibly 2x4 inches in & z and read acfollows: "I want liza to have all Ihave on this earth." (Signed) FannieJohns.The will proper contains just twelvewords. It is wiiten in the handwritingof the deceased, and evry lawyer atthe bar admits that its wording is sosimple that it would be impossible tobreak it had contest arnse over theprobating. The estate consists of alif1 interest in some valuable propertyin Bowling Green, and the approximatevalue of the estate willed to the sisterof the deceased is $5,000.pureBotonical Ingredients. To prove-it we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades; swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;I blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesana Durns; t mining pains; Daaoreatn;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removaevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheimedicines, liniments and doctors,hav e failed to help or cure. Drug;gists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with dnections for home cure.Siiiurosm: free by writing Blood. n d Atlanta, Ga. Describey:ii treacle fid free medical advicegicn. z' fcy Varden & Son.Unusual interest will attach to theBlue Grass fair this year from thestandpoint of the farmer. For severalseasons past there has been utilizedas a special feature in the prize listof the fair what has been known as anindividual farms exhibit. - The objectof this exhibit is to secure the bestpossible display of products grown ondifferent individual farms throughoutCentral Kentucky. The result hasbeen a manifestation of constantlygreater interest and this year there isevery reason to believe that a verylarge number of farmers will take advantage of the opportunity affordedthem by the fair to show how manydifferent things and in what proportion of prodigality can be grown on aCentral Kentucky farm. Prizes aggregating $100 are 'given for these different exhibits and in addition such articles as wheat, oats and blue grassseed, which may be included in thegeneral farm exhibit, are also eligiblefor competition in' exclusive classesdevoted to them with liberal premiums offered as reward.To this individual farms exhibit willbe devoted a large part of the firstfloor of Floral hall. In connectionwith it also there will appear a display gotten up by the Kentucky Experiment station, which, while notcoming into competition in any sense,will prove of large educational valueand real service to the farmers of Kentucky.Falls Victim to Thieves.S. W. Bends, of Coal City, Ala., hasa justifiable grievance. Two thievesstole his health for twelve years. Theywere a liver and kidney trouble.ThenDr. King's New Life Pills throttledthem. He's well now. Unrivaled forconstipation, malaria, headache, dyspepsia. 25o at Oberdorfer's.The Strenuous Modern Sunday.Sunday has ceased to be a day ofrest. To many people it is the moststrenuous day of the week. Skating,bridge, golf, social engagements claimthe attention. People may be inducedto go to a concert, a lecture, or aSunday play, but a sermon is "theUmit." Gentlewoman.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other diseases put together, and until the lasfclew years was supposed to be incurable. For a great many years doctorspronounced it to be a local diseaseand prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Science has proven catarrh to be aconstitutional uisease and thereforerequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufacturedby F, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo,0.,is the only constitutional cure on themarket It is taken internally in,doses from 10 drops to a teaspoonful.It acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces ot the system. Theyoffer one hundred dollars for any caseit fails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. 5Saved by Beer Barrels.If Felix Madell, a five-year-old patient in a New York hospital, lives hecan thank a pyramid of beer barrelsin the rear yard of his tenement househome. He fell five stories from theroof last night while playing leapfrogand struck the apex of the beer barrel pyramid. The barrels rolled awayunder him, breaking his fall, and hailid down gradually.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.""Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dsngerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kill ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to gen-mfli riehilitv. idiocr ana insanity, itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botarc BhW Balm (B. B B.)lb is a qu;ck, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tims Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood .direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving wurmth, andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of cataiTh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for hLme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour rouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Mustache Makes for Health.Dr Paul Kruger, a well-known nhxsician of Vienna, affirms that the mus-.tache has a distinct value for thehealth. He believes that its utilitylies in protecting the noseagainst theInvasion of dust and bacteria. Recording 500 cases of severe headache andthroat and nose trouble among his(men patients, he found that 420 ofthem had their upper lip clean shaven.i ALL MY PIMPLES GONE :,iGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WaCleansed By a Simple Wash. r-"Iwas ashamed of my face," write3tMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C "It was all full of pimples and .Bflare. hf after usine D. D. D. Pre-! scription I can say that now there j3,no sign of that Eczema, and that wa3, tthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases.! that Its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, black.heads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thavery root of Eczema or any other seri-ous trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Is .no wash for the skin made that .cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate Nskin',and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy. ,G. S. Varden & Son.rV:I. t '3'.t;vfa.hVH-n-M1!1iVJukTJVtVi"r4rmpM.4JrtiSH!1VI Jiris$r,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 1, 1911fclaT vI. -5J,':.IJf aster s SaleOFOty Property,BOURBON CIRCUIT uOURT.Anna Massie, Executrix, &cOn petition.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,ot the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky, about 11 o'clock a. m., oncredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the property -described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit:The property to be sold consists ofa lot and warehouse thereon in Paris,Ky., adjoining the right of way of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company and decsribed as folllows .A certain brick warehouse and lot inParis, Bcutbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thefront by said street 103 feet beginningat the corner of the brick warehousenow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcraft at a point marked A on theside towards the Kentucky CentralJRailroad and i mining from said corneralong said Main cross street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram marked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked C on the diagram, thewall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehousefceing on the line ; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance of 30 feet running along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central passenger'dpot to the corner of the housemarked D on tht diagram given herein; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the .side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of11-2 feet; thence from the pointmarked E at the end of Hutchcraft'swarehouse along the dine of said warehouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedF on the diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches, and thence from' saidcorner along the said side of saidwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court.The purchaser will he required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety bearing interestat the rate of six per cent l per annumfrom date until paid, having the forceand effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be accepted for less than$8,000.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneys.M.. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.jLloodino Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation. Boston, Mass.Gentlemea:-Kindly send ne six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old.ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly.Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker good asSewSAMUEL CLAY.28 tf R. F. D. No. 3.FOR SALE.Roll-top desk and iron safe.28 2t J. H. HAGGARU.Parks' Hill,August 3-13.The Program For the Assembly Meeting on the abovedates is full of good thingsfrom beginning to close.FINE MUSICHungarian Orchestra, seven piecesEnertaining and instructive Cart toonist. mFirst-class of high order of MovingPictures., Miss Grace Parlett to entertain andinstruct the children.Train service during week fromParis just rignfc to get full benefiteach afternoon and night at specialrate.Cottages can be engaged by wrP-BCtOI. B. .ROSS, Secretary,j . t Carlise, Ky.iGarth Fund Commissioners MeetThe Commissioners of the GarthFund met yesterday and took up theappointments of the beneficiaries ofthe fund. Several new applicantswpth considered and recommendationsmaHp tn tha Fiscal Court for appointments. The list of the beneficiarieswill be made public when the reportof , the Commission is made to the courtat the meetine Thursday.Auto Delivery Wagon.The grocery firm of Bramblett &Tacr have purchased an auto deliverycar, the first to be used by a merchantin this city, and the machine was putin commission yesterday.What They Rule With.Parents often blow about the finequality of discipline with -which theymanage their children, when whatthey really rule with is fear.May Purchase Interest in Implement Firm.Mr Edward Pritchard, according toa report, is on a deal for the purchaseof the ii terest of Mr. Clarence Kenney in the firm of Yerkes & Kenney,the local implement dealers. Up to alate hour last night the deal had notbeen consummated,.Austrian bcnool Gardens.Over eight thousand gardens arecultivated in connection with Austrianschools, the pupils receiving experttuition in horticulture.Plate Glass Broken. 'A large plate glass in the showwindow of Baldwin Bros. ' down-towngrocery was broken Saturday night.The glass was fully insured.Harness.Everything in harness.28 4t LAV1N & CONNELL.Suffer!We had a rebuff up at NaturalBridee Thursday, says Editor Perry inthe Winchester Sun-Sentinel. A veryold lady was near the pavillion, butwas receiving no attention. As is ourcustom in such cases we extended ourhand with a view to introduction. Shevery coolly folded her arms and with awithering look, said: "I do not knowyou sir, I am from Virignia.'' Wewilted.She Knew.Mother "The king was in thecounting house, counting up hismoney; the queen was in the kitchen,eating bread and honey." ModernChild "Must he a fairy story; thecook wouldn't let "her." Harper's Bazar. Tortured for Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble that baffled doctor, and resisted all remedieshe tried, John "W. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell bis farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Age of Fishes.Until within recent years there hadbeen ascertained no trustworthy wayof finding out the age of fish. It hasbeen shown that mere size does notindicate age. Reibisch, Heincke and.others have discovered that many ofthe bones, scales and otoliths of fisheshave annual age rings, resemblingthose in tree trunks.Lile Saved at Death's Door."I never felt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, ot Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me rown to109 pounds, in spite of doct r's treatmsno for two years.My fathc r, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am a'ive today is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now 1 weigh187 pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on earth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c and$1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Wonderful Artificial Man.A Berlin inventor has succeeded,after years of toil, in making an artificial man who can walk, make allmovements, speak, sing, laugh andwhistle. It Is a life-size figure, and sonatural an imitation as to be completely deceptive a yard away. "Occultus,"as the figure is named, obeys words' ofcommand, such as "march" and "halt,"and he answers any questions put tohim. It is not an illusion or a trick.It is a piece of pure mechanical work.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other diseases put together, and until the lastlew years was supposed to be incurable. For a great many years doctorsprondunced it to be a local diseaseand prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment,, pronounced it incurable.Science has proven catarrh to be aconstitutional disease and thereforerequires constitutional treatment.Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufacturedby F, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is the only constitutional cure on themarket. It is taken internally indoses from 10 drops to a teaspoonful.It acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. Theyoffer one hundred dollars for any caseit fails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. 'BASE BALL.FRIDAY.Paris .. 13 8 619Lexi'g'n 12 9 671Richm'd 12 10 545Fr'nkf't 10 12 455Win'ster 8 12 400M'ysVe 8 12 400Paris made it three straight fromthe Hustlers when they won a ten-inningcontest Friday by a score of 6 to4.The Hustlers, with r Burden on themound, had the best of the argumentuntil the seventh round, when withone on McKernan clouted for a homerun. After this the Bourbonites hitthe ball with telling effect. TheHustlers were in the lead by two runsin the eighth, when Paris by puttingtwo over, sewed up the game, winningout in the tenth.Shears was on the slab for Paris andafter the fifth session held his opponents with ease. During the tenrounds he allowed but seven safedrives. The locals fielded well andconnected with the ball at opportunetimes. The score : 'Paris 0 000002 '2 0 26Winchester 0 00210100 04Batteries Paris, Shears and Mayer;Winchester, Burden and McGuireErrors Paris 1. Hits Paris 16, Winchester 7. Earned runs- Paris 6, Winchester 2. Two base hits Goosetree,Burden. Three base hit Chapman.Home run McKernan. First on ballsoff Shears 1. off Burden 2. Struckout by Shears 8, by Burden 2.Double plays McKernan to Barnett,Callahan to Reed. Time 1:45. Attendance 250 Umpire Sinex.Lexington at Richmond Lexington8, Richmond 4. Maysville at FrankfortFrankfort 10, Maysville 6.SATURDAY.Paris . . 13 9 591Lexi'g'n 13 9 591Richm 'd 13 12 520Fr'nkf't 10 13 436Win'ster 9 12 429M'ys'v'e 8 13 381With the locals putting up a miserable exhibition of ball playing theyw ere easy victims to the heavy hittingPioneers in the contest here Saturdayafternoon.The visitors fielded brilliantly andthe pitchi i g of Sterling was of suchan effective pattern that the Bourbonites could not overcome the strong leadof six runs accumulated in the thirdsession.George essayed to hurl for Paris buthis control was bad and the hurlerwhohad on the last meeting with the Pioneers blanked them in a brilliant gameat Richmond, when he allowed onlyfour scattered hits, fell a prey to hipopponents and in the thiid inning wasdriven from the mound-His slants were just to the liking ofthe visitors and the fraction over twoinnings he presided on the slab therecame a veritable deluge of two baggers. After it became evident hecould not hold the Pioneers in checkand after the game was lost he wassent to the bench and McKernan called Scheneberg to stem the tide. ThescoreRichmond 00600010 07Paris 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 2-3Batteries Paris, George, Schenaberg and Mayer. Richmond, Sterlingand Haley. Hits Paris 7, Richmond13. Errors Paris 5, Richmond 1.Earned runs Paris 2, Richmond 4.Two base hits Olson, McKernan,Bramlage. Haines, Walden, Sterling,Harrell, Maxwell. Bases on bails oftSterling 5, off Scheneberg 1, offGeorge 2 , Struck out by Sterling 3,by George 1, by Scheneberg 4. Doubleplays Haley to Olson, Mayer to Kuhlman. Wild pitch Scheneberg. Hitby pitcher Kuhlman. Five 'hits andfive runs off George in 2 2-3 innings.Stolen base Barnett. Sacrifice flyOlson. Sacrifice hits Olson, Haley.Time 2:00. Umpire-Halev. Attendance 250.Frankfort at Lexington Lexington9, Frankfort 1.Maysville at Winchester Winchester 5, Maysville 2.SUNDAY.Paris ..14 9 609Lpxi'g'n 14 9 609Richm' d 13 11 542M'y'sv'e 10 13 435Fr'nkf't 10 14 417Win'ster 9 14 391George did it; showing a reversal ofform he picthed the' Bourbonites tovictory over the Pioneers at WhitePark Sunday afternoon, and so effective was his work on the slab and soperfect was the support accorded byhis helpers that only three hits wereon record against him, one of whichwas of the scratchy order and only onePioneer touched all four stations.The Pioneers found George to theirliking Saturday afternoon and in oneinning he was hammered so unmercifully that McKernan sent Jjiim to thebench, but Sunday he "came back"and by superb hurling kept his oppo-p KZr&siisagg'.George Hud Something On the Ball,nents continually popping up or rollingeasy ones about the infield.Xhe locals put up a brilliant exhibition, quite a contrast to the game ofthe day previous and no chance, regardless of how difficult, seemed tobe handled with ease. The game wasthe fastest seen at the yard this yearand was played in record time for theleague this season.The visitors put up a splendid gameand had only iwo misplays, neither ofwhich would have had any effect onthe final result except deprive Paris ofone run. Their inability to hit Georgewas the only weakness but in the fipldthey made quite a .display of aggressiveness. Two of their safeties cams,in the tourih which 'netted their lonetally ana the slow roll which countedtor Baird came in tne eighth.Black tintened up after the firstframe and uhile hits came at intervalothey were scattered about and countedfor nothing.Chapman and Maxwell cavorted overthe outer gardens in fine fashion andpulled down drives in sensational styleseldom seen in this company. In theeighth Maxwell took one off his shoetops from Kyle's bat that had all theearmarks ot a safe drive and in theninth went to the fence to the right ofthe bull sign, pulling down a long highdrive and robbea Haines of a journeyarouna the four stations.Harrell, Maxwell and Barnett didthe bulk of the hitting, each securingtwo apiece while George surprisedhimself and the crowd by stinging offa clean.one to right. McKernan alsohad one to his credit which broughtthe total up to eight.The locals sewed the game in thefirst st ssion. Harrell veiit out onafly to riaines. McKienan hit to rightfor a Lase and reached second onBaird's muff of Olson s throw of Mayer's grounder.both runntrs being safe.Barnett followed with a drive to rightwhich bounded out uf Hanes' reachand the runner pulled Lp on thiid,scoring when Kuhlman rolled tuWhittuker. Maxwell sent a bounderto Olson tor the third out.The only run secured by the visitorscame in the fourth. Olson lead oftwith a stinging drive to center fortwo basts and was run down by Kunlman when tframlage sent one towardthird. Whitaker followed with a twobagger scoring Bramlage. Haines andHaley hit into outs, retiring the side.Tne score :Richmond 0 0010000 0-1Paris 30000000 0-3JBatteries Richmond, Black andHiley ; Paris, George and Mayer.Errori-Richond 2. Hits Richmond3, Paris 8. Earned runs Paris 1,Richmond 1. Two base hits Olson,Whitaker. Three base hits Barnett,Maxwtll. Bases on balls off George3. Stiuck out by Black 4. by George4. Left on bases Paiis 8, Richmond4. Time 1 :17. Umpire Sinex. Attendance 1,000.Frankfort at Lexington Lexington2, Frankfoit 1. Winchester at Maysville first game, Maysville 2, Winchester 1; second game, Maysville 9,Winchester 3.MONDAY.Paris ..15 9 625Lexi'g'n 14 10 5?3Richm'd 13 12 520Fr'nkf't: 11M'ys'v'e 11Win'ster 1014 44014 44015 400Yesterday aftemoon the Bourboniteswon from the Pioneers by a score of 5to 3.Frankfort at Lexington Frankfort9, Lexington 1. Winchester at Maysville Winchester 0, Maysville 3; second game, Winchester 5, Maysville 4.Lexington Here lor Two Games.The Bourbonites will go to Lexington for a game this afternoon and willmeet the Colts on the local lot Wednesday afternoon and Thursday. Greatinterest is manifested in these gamests the result will in all probability decide which club will take the lead inthe present pennant race, for a timeat least.Paris and Lexington have been running neck and neck for the past twoweeks and wnile Paris on one or twooccasions has forged to the front, theyseem to suffer defeat just as the Coltsare blfssed with the good fortune ofadding a game to the won column.The leadership for the present hingesentirely upon the game3 between Parisan! Lexington this week. An evenbreak would leave the standing thesame, provided there is no change inthe standing until the clubs meet." The locals seem detremined to trimthe Colts all three games and Scheneberg, their desperate opponent of old,will likely be stationed on the firingline in the first contest. Since his return to the Bourbonite fold "Cyclone"Jack has not stacked up against theColts and is overly anxious for themeeting. Either George or, Hauserwill find work in one of thethis week.gamesMATRIMONIAL.-Mr. Robert Cain, son "of Mr. andMrs. John Cain, of Paris, and MissMattie Wingate, daughter of Mr. andMrs. Henry Wingate, of Frankfort,were quietly married in Lexington onWednesday, July 19.Tho marriage was quite a surprise tothe relatives and friends of the youngpeople. They have returned to Parisand are at the home of the groem'sparents on Higgins avenue.A marriage license was issued yestreday to Mr. John T. Faulconer, Jr.,and Miss Arabelle Tay lor.County Clerk Pearce Paton Saturdayi ssued a marriage license to Mr.Wm. Hewitt Ratcliff and Miss IdaRuth Paynter.Killed by Blow With Knucks.Henry Vise, well known in Fayettecounty, was struckion the head withbrass knucks by Constable JohnStivers at Athens Sunday night, andkilled. His skull was frctured and hisneck was broken by the blow. Stiverswas also wounded in the fight, as wasLee White, who took a band in it.Stivers was stabbed once in the breast,and White received a cut in the back.The cause of the trouble is unknown.L. 4 N. Sued for Hall Million.Suit was filed in Frankfort yesterday by Revenue Agent Huntsman forState Auditor James against the L. &N. railroad for omitted franchise taxesfor counties and cities amounting toabout SbOO, 000 for four years, 1907,1908, 1909 and 1910. The petition alleges that the L. & N. in its annualreports to the auditor did not give correct statements as to net earnings andas to its mileage in and out of Kentucky; that 7 per cent more of itsmileage is in Kentucky than the reports show and that its net earningswere many millions more than was reported to the auditor. If the claim isupheld in the courts it is stated thateach county and city through whichthe L. & N. runs will receive fourtimes as much-franchise tax as theyreceived for the years mentioned. 2V V.Warrants Issued For AllegedTrespassers.An insfance which caused the arrestof fifteen men and aroused the goodpeople of the quiet little villag" ofRuddles Mills to a point of indignationoccurred Thursday.At the instance of Miss May Oliver,a trustee of the Methodist church,South, of Ruddles Mills, warrantswere issued in the county court charging trespassing and Berved upon Llarence Hough, Chas. Hough, H :iryPaynter, Chas. Weaver, Noah Mo re,James Mahoney, Lindsay Hough, taulHanley, Harrison Hough, Lewis Dixon, Chas. Cameron, Thos. Padgett,John Ewalt, Claude and Arthur Linville. The trouble arose over the allegedtrespassing of the above upon theproperty of S. P. Oliver, which adjoins the eemetary of the Methodistchurch, while tne accused were constructing a fence around the cemetery.From reports it has been learnedthe cemetery fcr some time past hasnot been enclosed at d the stock of theresidents of the community has beenallowed to roam at laige over theri jttpo A nnmhpr nf nannla in thI'limmnnitu whn hnH rplntivoc Kmricrithere, contributed liberally toward ihepurchase of material and the menottered their s rvices in ccnstru.tingthe ience.unver, whose property adjoins, isalleged to have allowed his stock tograze in the cemetery, and accordingtoour informant, was one of the chiefoffenders. With a view of protectingtne graves tne men set to work Thursday to erect the fence.andMiss Oliver,who observed the move came to Parismade affidavit and swore out warrantsaaginst the alleged trespassers. Thewarrants were sreved by DeputySheriff W F. Talbott.The men werejarraigned in the county court Friday and the County Attorney declined to prosecute the case.The defendants were represented byHon. E. M. Dickson, and waiving examining trial were held to the grandjury. Each gave bnnd for their appearance at the November term.After their arrest the men continuedat their task and completed the fence.Today persons who have relatives andfriends buried in the cemetery willmeet in Ruddles Mills and clean outthe cemetery.Tcney Showed His Class AgainstBoston.Harold D. Johnson, in the RecordHerald, says :"Recruit days have ceased to be for'Big' Fred Toney. Off to bis thirdstart in major society, the Blue Grassspeed boy yesterday scrolled his nameamong the truly greats, pitching theCubs to their ninth straight victory.Incidentally the killing made it threein a row from fcSoston here, 8 to 2.Ihus endeth the series with Tenney'stottering tail-enders."Chance, firmly convinced ofToney's class after the mountain boymade his second debut on the Cubgrounds recently, named him as a slabchoice for this farewell combat. Errors comirig at inopportune times robbed Fred of a swell chance to win in aprevious battle, but yesterday thechampions, playing brilliantly on thedefensive and batting like scamps,lightened the burdens of the firingline. Class stuck out all over the ladas he skimmed the nine rounds, granting eight singles, three coming in thefirst session lor a total of two runsThereafter the hostiles never had alook-in."Cooler Weather Expected.Shcwers and continued seasonabletemperatures will feature the week,according to the Wpather Bureau.The weekly forecast issued Sundaysays: "The general barometeric pressure distribution shown by the international weather chart is su.:h as toindicate that there will be no unseasonable temperatures the comingweck in any part of the country except possibly the extreme Southwestand the intfrior of the Scuth PtcificStates. Fairly well distributed precipitation is probaole duiing the weekin all districts from the Rocky Mountains eastward to the Atlantic Coast."A barometric depression that isover the Northwest will advance slowly eastward and be attended by localshowers the first part of the weekfrom the Missisfippi Valley eastward."another disturbance which promises to be attended by general showerswill appear in the Northwest aboutWednesday and move eastward, crossing the Central Vallejs Thursday orFriday and the Atlantic States at theend of the week, 'lhis disturbancewill be followed by considerably cooler weather in all the middle and Northern States from the Roty Mountainsto the Atlantic States."Pedestrians Endangered.A tire"of a transfer wagon operatedby, T. G. Morris, ran off the wheel Friday afternoon near the corner of Mainand Fifth streets. The tire rolled onthe sidewalk and rarrowly missedseveral pedestrians, and sending themscurrying to a place of safety. Fortunately no cne was injured by the heavysteel and the wagon sueffred no otherdamage. 'Advertising State Fair.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft was in ParisSunday the guest of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. P. Hutchcraft Mr.Hutchcraft left yesterday morning forBerea in the interest of the State Fairand this week will visit Winchester,Richmond and Cynthiana interestingthe exhibitors of live stock in themany attractive premiums to be offered at tne fair this year.Returns to Paris.Mr. J. A. Stern, who formerly conducted The Fair store in this city, hasreturned to Paris from Birmingham,purchased from his son, Mr. MarshallStern, his interest in the Main streetbusiness house.Feathers Wanted.We are buying 11 kinds of feathers,old and new ; paying from 20 cents to50cents per pou nd..MAX MUNICH,28 2t - . 0. L. T. phone 374.Dies Suddenly o! Heart Failure-Miss Dorothy May Brown, aged 1years, was found dead in bed Thursday morning at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Brown, InDayton, Ky. It was evident life had,been extinct for several hours.Miss Brown had been working ascashier in a five-cent theatre, the position held by her sister. Miss BessieBrown, who was on a visit to her sister, Mrs.H. J. Grosche, in this city. "The young woman had returned toher homo after the closing of thetheatre and after sitting on the porcb,a short time retired. She was in good'spirits and apparently in good health,although it was known her heart wasaffected to some extent, and from thisshe was a frequent sufferer.On calling her for breakfast Thursday morning she failed to respond andher mother went to investigate, andfound her dead. The coroner renderpda verdict of death due to heart failure.Miss Brown had frequently visitedher sister, Mrs. Grosche. in Paris andhad only returned to her home aboutten days aero after a nrntrnptpH qtavhere! Mrs. GrrsnflP nrH Mica tZaacta! OMW11,who was here on a visit leftimmcdiately for Dayton upon reciept;of the news of rheir sister's death.Must be Destroyed.It is net generally known thatboxes may no longer be sold oraway. Formerly it was lawfulcigargivento de-stroy the stamps on the box afterh&d been emptied, so that no traceitofits previous condition of servitudemight be Known. The government isvery tenacious of its rights on the tobacco question, and violators of its.laws are severely punished.Bees' Stings Cause Death of.Mules.James Wright, a farmer, near theScott-Harrison county line, met witha painful accident while driving a pairof mules in the yard at his home. Themules overturned a bee hive and1Wright was frightfully stung. And!the mules were so badly stung thatthey died in a short time. Mr. Wrightis believed to be out of danger now.Growers Considering New Company. There is a movement on foot tointerest growers of burley tobacco inthe organization of companies for themanufacture of their product. Thismovement has grown out of the recentdecision of the Supreme Court ordering tne dissolution of the AmericanTobacco Company, and through whicbtobacco men generally see an encouraging outlook for the establishment Sof independent factories in the?tobacco producing states.The growers who are foremost inthe movement argue with their brothers of the industry that they wouldrealize better returns than if they con- 'tinue to sell the weed in loose leaf order or in hogsheads.It is not likely that there will beanother pool of the raw material. Thecost of pooling under the methods ofthe Burley Tobacco Society was enormous, and it is a matter of open comment that the majority of the growerswho went into that organization withtheir tobacco have come outof it disappointed at the net returns for theircrops. There are some who still haveunsold tobacco of the 1909 crop in thepool, and there is no aparent hurry onhe part of Preisdent Lebus and theExecutive Board of the Society to sellthis residue and wind up the affairs ofthe organization.Cheaper Every Day.Watch the swings in J. T. Hinton's.windows. Tney get cheaper by 50?and 25 cents every day.Osteopaths Meet in Chicago.The fifteenth annual meptiag of theAmerican Osteopathic Association washeld in Chicago last week. In manyrespects it was the most successfulmeeting ever held. There were fifteenhundred osteopathic physicians in attendance from all parts of th? UnitedStates and Canada. Unabated interestwas manifested throughout the convention. The part of the program of mostinterest to the public, probably wastthat devoted to research work along:osteopathic lines.Dr. A. T. Still, the venerable founder of osteopathy, was not able tomake the trip to Chicago, but his son.Dr. Chas E. Still, brought a letter of-"good cheer from him at his home inKirksville, Mo., and assured the attending physicians that "The Old Doctor," as he is called by his students,is still spnding a part of each day inthe dissecting room, pursuing his;favorite study, anatomy.The osteopathic colleges, during thenext year will probably extend theircourse from three years of nine months:each, with one elective year to fouryears.Dr. J. L. Holloway.of Dallas Texas,was elected preisdent to succeed Dr.Arthur Hildreth, of St. Louis.Dr. Martha Petree, of Paris, attended as the representative of the Kentucky Osteopathic Association, to therNational Association.Fine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best business;proposition in Paris. Best cash business in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser. 21 tf BALDWIN BROS.To My Friends and Home;People:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices von all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your orders,and help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,'ift'AW $ ,2 .1Mrs. Rosa V. WallingforcLM" n"t " "-r-Tp"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 1, 1911.HE BOURBON NEWS.wTesiALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGProtect your growing tobacco against hail.THOMAS & YVOODf ORD,fire and Tomado InsuranceLight Shower.'ihe light shower which fell yesterday afternoon served only to cool theatmosphere and was of but little benefit to the suffering cropsGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cat or shive,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfMaster's Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney soIdSaturay for Master Commissioner RussellMann an undivided one-half intrt mabout 160 acres of land near Clintonville, belonging to Samuel C. Pinerfor $68.60 per acre. Frank A. Esteswas the purchaser.Hal! Price Tale.Of 296 mens' suits, both heavy andlight weights. See window.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Roberts Succeeds Shelby.Governor Willson decided Sunday toappoint Samuel J. Roberts, of Lexington, editor of the Leader, State Election Commissioner to succeed John T.Shelby, of Lexington. David W.Fairleigh, of Louisville, was appointedto succeed Shelby but declined.Suits at Hal? Price.Heavy 3 piece suits and lightweights". $15 suits now $7.50, $25 suitsnow $12.50. This is our way to cleanUP' J. W. DAVIS & CO.Bostonian oh Visit to Blue GrassMr. W. Preston Mayfield, of Boston,Mass., is here the guest of friends andrelatives. He is accompanied by hiswife and son. Mr. Mayfield, Jr., is astaff photographer on one of the Boston papers and is here in interest ofthe paper taking not-s and scenes inthis section of the Blue Grass.Halt Price Sale.Of straw hats and panamas, nonereserved. All this season's stylesNo back numbers in the lot.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Soft Drinks.The famous malt mead,nd ail kinds of soft drinkscoca cola,on ice atall times.2t J A?. E CRAVEN.Paris Merchant in the East.Mr. B. A. Frank, of the firm ofFrank & Co., le't Sunday for NewYork where he will purchase the fallstock of dry goods, tailored garmentsana notiors for nis firm. Mr. FranKhas had ytars of experience in themarkets in the East and will returnwith a stock of the latest fabrics indry goods, besides a swell line of thelatest fashions in ready-to-wear garments and millinery.Wash Suits at Hall Price.$3 suits $1.50, $2 suits $1, Cadetmake.none as good and everyone freshand new.J. W. DAVIS & CO.George C. Webb Now Owns Windsor Hotel.Mrs. Mary S. Parker.of Lexington,executrix of the estate of Judge WattsParker, has sold,the undivided interestof the Parker heirs in the WindsorHotel in this city. The hotel was purchased by Mr. George C. Webb., ofLexington. Mr. Webb now assumesfull ownership of the property. Heand Judge Parker had owned the hotelfor about one year.previous to JudgeParker's death. The price was keptprivate.Wail Paper Bargains.We are making special prices thisweek on wall paper.J. T. HINTON.For Sale.Twenty tons of Western clover hay.2t M. J. MURPHY.Big Shipment orBeeLThe largest shipment of beef fromShelby county was made from Shelhyville Saturday hen a special train ofeighteen cars, with 237 head, averageing ever 1,500 pounds, pulled out fromShelbyville The cattle were sold byW. J. ana B. A. Thomas to SimonWeil, representing Nelson, Morris &Co . at 6 1-4 cents. Six carloads of thechoicest animals are destined for theNew York market. The others willbe exported to London.Melons on Ice.Fine Georgia Watermelons indInjiana canteloupes on ice at all timesthe finest to be had.1 2t T. LENIHNA'N.Denied Petition. -The Fayette CircuitCourt Saturdaydenied the petition of Mrs. MaggieRogers McClintock for divorce fromJames D. McClintock, of this city,and the case will now go to, the Courtof Appeals. Judge Kerr, in a writteropinion of considerable length, holdsthat the grounds of cruel treatment,as alleged, have not been sustained bjthe testimony, of which there wasmore than 1,000 typewritter pagesThe Court holds out a hope that therewill yet be a reconciliation because oitheir Ittle daughter. Mrs. McClinrocfcis granted the custody of the , childpending the appal.rkh)rwmPERSONAL MENTION.Joe Q. TFrake3, ofspent Sunday in Paria.Cincinnati,Mr. Lawrence Price left yesterdayfor a week's stay at Torrent.Mr. Ike Price returned Fridayfrom Chicago after a week's visit.Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman has returned from a visit in Mt. Sterilng.Miss Marie Talbott is .visitingMiss Marion Thornton in Versailles.Mrs. Virginia Barker, of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. Logan Howard. Mr. Chas. Redmon left Sunday forSt. Louis where ue will permanentlyleside.Mr. Sylvian Herzcg, of Cincinnati, visited Mr.-and Mrs. I. L. PriceSunday.Jucfge Harry Brent is ill at thehome of Hon. C. M. Thoma3 on Houston avenue.Mrs. John McMillan, of Jacksonville, was the guest of Mrs. John H.Ejvalt Sunday.Mrs. C harHs E. Butler and MissFra ce3 Bntl-r have returned from adslightfu Northern t; ip. 'Mr. Lee Price ha5? returned fromTorrent. Mr?. Price and son. Mirris.will reamin another week."Pop" Seely.of Lexington, traveling passnger agent of Lh? B. & O.,was a isitor in Paris yesterday.Mrs. Sol Spears and daughter,Miss Elizabeth Speais, of Columbia,Mo,, are visiting Bcurbon relative?.Editor Steve Vaught, of the Richmond Climax, was a visitor in ParisSunday and witnessed the ball game.Mrs. George Stuart and son, John,are visiting the formerv's sister. Mrs.Albert Miller, in' Crawfordsville, Ind.Mr. and Mrs Roger G. Thompsonand daughter, of Columbia, S. C, arequests of Mayor and Mrs. J. T. Hin-tn.Mrs. Robert M. Hopkins and aon,Robert M. Hopkins, Jr., are visitingMr. and Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay onEighth street.Mrs. Frank Redmon, who recentlyunderwent a serious operation at aLexington hospital, remains quite illat ner home on Lilleston avenue.Misses Edith Myall and ElizabethJasper returned Thrusday tvcninnfrom Epworth Heights, where theyhave been visiting for two weeks.John Lytle, who holds a good position with the Heekins Packing Co.,Cincinnati, spent Sunday in Paris withhis parents, Mr. and Mrs. O. G. Lytle.Mrs. J. T. Hinton and her guests,Mr. and Mrs. R. Q. Thompson andMiss Katie Graham Thompson willcompose an auto party to Danville today.Mr. Vic Bloomfield and faimlywere the guests of Mr. I. L. PriceSunday. They were acompanied homeby Stanley Price, who will be theirguest for a week.Mr. Hord Lovell, son of Mr. andMrs. M. B. Lovell, was taken to theGood Samaritan hospital in LexingtonFriday where he underwent an operation for appendicitis.Mrs. E. P. Grimes and daughter,Miss Estella Collins, of Mt. Leonard,Mo., who have oeen the guests ofmother and grandmother, Mrs. MaryA. Collins, left yesterday for Eminencefor a visit to relatives.Miss Corinne Collins entertainedwith a 500 party Friday afternoon Linhonor of her cousin, Miss Grimes, ofMissouri. After the game deliciousices, cakes and mints in yellow andwhite were served to the followingyoung ladies : Misses Nora Baldwin,Dorothy Talbott, Clara Belle and Nannie Brent O'Neill, Marguerite Jurey,Pewwee Valley, Katherine Davis,Edith Myall, Josie Gaidner, ElizabethJasper, Catherine Thomason, ElizabethCrutcher and Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock.Mrs. Brice Steele enteitained themembers of her sewing club and anumber of invited guests Friday morning.tabout fifty ladies being in attendance". A delightful two-course luncheonof substantials, ices and cakes wasserved at noon. Among those from adistance who enoyed the occasion wereMrs. Frederick W. Eberhardt. Frankfort ; Mrs. Durand Whipple, LittleRock, Ark. ; Mrs. J. L. Andrews,Pittbsurg; Mrs. Robert Knight, Dallas. Texas' Mrs. Hinkle, Kansas City;Mrs. Lindsay Moore, Detroit; Mrs.Rogers Clay, Frankfort; Mrs. C. B.Erringer, Detroit, and Mrs. FrankLarue, St. Louis.In honor of her daughter, Mrs.John I. Andrews, of Pittsburg, Pa.,Mrs. D. C. Parnsh entertained with a5 o'clock tea Thursday afternoon ather home on High street. The guestswere delightfully entertained on theporch. The prize in the guessing contest was won by Mrs. M. H. Daiiey.Delicious refreshments of tea, marguiritis, nabisco wafers, sandwichesand bonbons were served. Most of theladies who enjoyed this beautiful occasion were girlhood friends of Mrs.Andrews, among whom were Mrs.Duncan Bell, Mrs. Frederick A. Wallis, Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr., Mrs.Durand Whipple, Mrs. M. H. Daily,Mrs. J. T. Brown, Miss Frances Butler, Miss Annie Hibler, Miss MaryBashford, Misses Lorine and Ollie Butler, Miss Tipton. Mrs. Frank P. Clay,Mrs. Sue Buckner Hinkle, of KansasCity, Mrs. Albert Mitchell, Mrs.Frank Paton and Mrs C. D. Parnsh.Miss Elemeta Hinton, the beautiful daughter of Judge and Mrs. E. 1.Hinton, entertained a number of heri;tMp tripnds with a delightful partyat the home of her parents on...f rmhov nftrp.rnoon from 4Highto 6o'clock. The little folks enjoyed boththe indoor and outdoor games. Delightful refreshments consisting otices and sakes were served in the dining room. Those present wereMisses Christine Thomas, DorothyHarris, Maragret Graham Davis, Danville; Jess Bascom, Sharpsburg;Dorothy Cooper. L,exirgton ; Francesrr Anna ijnuise White, MatyAdams Talbott, Mary Kenney Webber,.Dorcas Ussery. Mactna iao"' uClan Moore, Carolyn Wilmoth, ElizabethStuart Carter, Joe Fithian. VingniaCook, Frances Champ, Hallie Frank,Carrie Barbour Lowry, Nicholasville;Masters Chalrie Kenney, Billy Yerkes,Edwin K. Thomas, Walter Kenney,Preston White, Forrest Let ton, HenryClay, A. T. Rice, John Clay, T'irneyClay, Hume Payne, Edward Paton,Robert Frank and James Arnsparger.Mr. B. A.' Frank is in New York.Miss Marguerite Douglas is visiting friends in Midway.Miss Alleen Power is in .Maysvillevisiting relatives andfriends.Misses Kate Alexander and BessieHolladay are visiting in Covington.Mr. George W. Stuart leaves thismorning for a business trip to Denver,Col.,Miss Josephine Berryman.of Newport, is the guest of Miss Corinne Collins. . Mr. Brutus Clay, of Atlanta, Ga.,is visiting relatives in this city andcounty.Dr. H. E. Foster will lsave todayfor Owenton for a two weeks' visit torealtives.Mr. Mike Arkle, of dovnigton,visited his parents, Mr. and Mrs. BaileyArkle Sunday.Mr. Bell, of Galhpolis, Ohio, isthe Ruest of Miss iLita Dealer onTwelfth street.Mis3 Betsy Ray will leave todayfjr 'lorcnto Canada, to visit MissBeatrice Johrscn. .Mrs. Pearce Paton and son, Edward, will lebve today for Covingtonfor a week's visit.Mr and Mis Catesby Woodfordleft Saturday for a two weeks' stay atFrench Lick Springs. 'Miss Norma Ellintt.of Vanceburg,is the pleasant guest of Miss FreidaHeller on Second street.Mrs. Henry Judy has returned gtoher home ij. Kokomo, Ind., after avist to relatives in Paris.Mrs. John Connell and sister, MissAnna Thornton, will leave today for atrip to Niagara Falls and Canada.Miss May Williams, of the county,and Miss Ethel Porter, of Winchester,are the guests of Miss Junie Link.Mrs. M. H. Daiiey and littledaughter, Louise, left Saturday tovisit Dr. Daiiey 's mother at Ethel,Jackson county.Dr. G. S. Varden, Messrs. C. 8.Mcbhane and Quincy Ward have returned from a two weeks' fishing tripon the Cumberland River.Miss Sue Johnson, who has beenwith Dr. Petree for some tim, hasaccepted a position in the dental parlors of Dr. M. H. DaUey.Mrs. Robert Knight, of Dallas,Texas, is visiting Mrs. Robert C. Talbott and Miss Elizabeth Grimes attheir home near Austerlitz.Messrs. Newsom Keller and NoahSpears, who have been the guests fortwo weeks of relatives in Paris, returned Sunday to Chicago.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay is having avery delightful visit with Mrs. LenoxRose in New Jersey and will remainuntil the first of September.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Fithian andson, Edward Fithian, will leave todayfor Charleston, W. Va., to visit Mrs.Fithian's brother, Mr. John McClintock. Mr. and Mrs. Aylette Buckner andchildren, Mr. and Mrs. John Davis,Misses Sallie Lockhart and Mary Claycompose a party that is camping onRed River.Mrs. W. C. Ussery left this morning for a two weeks' stay in Cincinnati and from there will go to Kokomo, Ind., to visit her daughter, Mrs.Henry Judy.Messs. Ray Chattle, of Wilson, N.C, George Lyons, of Georgetown andJohn Howard Green, of Lexington,were guests Sunday at the home ofMr. and Mis. W. A. Wallen.A camping party consisting ofMessrs. Sidney G. Clay, Brooks Clay,Hany B. Clay, J. Frank Clay and E.M. Dickson will leave this week forthe annal outing to Georgian Bay,Canada.Mr. and Mrs. Julius Mayer, MissVera Mayer, Mr. Julius Mayer, Jr.,and Mr. Gus Tedesco, of Cincinnati,were the guests Sunday of Mr. WalterMayer and attended the Paris-Richmondball game.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft has as herguest, Miss M. E. B. Culbertson, ofRichmond, Ind. Miss Culbertson, whohas gained conisderable note as asculptor and writer, studied art fortwo years in Europe with Mrs. HattiHill, of this cityMr.. Durand Whipple, who hasbeen a guest at the home of Hon. anaMrs. E. M. Dickson, received a telegram Saturday night announcing theserious illness of his afther. He leftSunday morning for his home at LittleRock, Ark., to be at his bedside.Mrs. Virgil Gaitakill entertaniedwith a dinner party at her home nearAusterlitz Sunday in honor of MissKnight, of Dallas, Texas. Those present were: Misses Nancy Griffith,Rachel Wiggins, Elizabeth Steele,Mary Baird, of South Charleston,Ohio; Elizabeth Crutcher and MaryWoodford. Messrs Hugh' Ferguson,James Meng, William Woodford,Walter Meng, Will Kenney Ferguson,Charlton Clay and Mr. and-Mrs. ViriglGaitakill.Fiscal Court Meeting.The Bourbon Fiscal Court will meetin regular monthly session Thursday,August 3.Arm Broken By Fall.George Stoker, colored, employed atthe livery stable of J. 13. Boardmanfell from a step ladder at the stableyesterday and received a fracture ofthe right arm.Free PenHolder."One box of Hunt's round pen points,assorted, 12 to box for 10 cents, a nicepen-holder 'free with each box. Don't,fail .to get in on this propbsition whileif lists28 2t ' PARIS BQOK CO.Public Sale!-OF-Household and KitchenFurniture,,Having decided to break-up housekeeping, I will offer at puclic auction onTuesday, August 8,. 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m,., all my householdeffects, including: 'Dining - roo'm Furniture, -Rugs,Chairs, Gaf S oves, Gas Bath Heater,Pictures, etc.- E. H. BRANNON.TAKE AKODAKWITH YOUKodak?. $5 to iBrownies $1 to S12We Have Everything for KodakOniincr IDmgberfy BrosPHI: VERY SPECIAL1 iiill-VIIPhfiil . iT ICome in and Get Them.WonderfulReductions inI will sell you LAWN andv oeen able to buy it.' A few HAMMOCKSJ. T.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton,residence 56; JT. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286. -Big Reductions on AllSummer Goods.New Fall Ginghams, Flannelettes and Outings AwaitYour Inspection.SpecialPure Silk HoseforRed Letter Day, Wednesday, July 610 JJ&C Stamps Free to every person entering our store. -8fcIiSlCm119 " 'Fee's Cash Specials.!1 For This Week 1White Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips 12 1-2 per lb"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5c g;' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder. ...., per can 5c"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, California 5pack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c 5"Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c 5"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only 60c K8 "hove T .onrw Snsm -for 9Kr w56 bars of Ivory Soap foeFresh Pies, CakesJ? JjjUj OLI HAVE SOMETO OFFER YOU ONWALL PAPER.PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.KCIDSTTOlSritThis Weekt39cmTucker $i! 3I1I93M25cand Bread daily.IPRICESCarpets,rMattinandRugs.wmimm iiitTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,KENTUCKY-AUGUST 1, 191lV -i r r7111LAST OF THE YAQUIS.M,1oDoBlue G7.7 JENTUCKY10.11.1??oLEXINGTON,AUGUST6 Big Days and Nights 6U. S Marine Band, Daily ConcertsAeroplane Flights Daily by J. A. Dc MeCurcIyB$i Saddle Horse'7 v rutuntfGreatest CoItShowistlie tfforldThree Other Rich Saddle Korse SitkczHigh-Class Runningand Harness Races Daily)j j jo0HERBERT k KifflEFor Catalogue or FurtherIi t MmiKarjrjixiximizmQjfr &d QtJ?IN PREMIUMSBest of all Americas Horse ShowsSplendid Display of Every Clzzzof Live StockCOWANmZEZSSZ JOUETT SKOUSE, Sec'y, Lexington, Ky.ftnii'wTHEMillersburg Military InstituteThe Millersburg Militaty Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hoc water heat and electric lights. Athleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year for board,tuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COL. C. M. BEST, PrincipalMillersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.mmmmmmmmmMmmmWMiMMeet) Us Face to Face!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful) . We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.Twin Bro&LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.&syShiJSSSTBummxmmmWAProfessional CardsJ J. WIIitilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.2oom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 3 Co.'s Bank,.Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andlightning.Your patronage solicited.Jlnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents."Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsErerything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on the-trade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.R. A.'H KELLiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... Kentucky1Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Dav orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.0- Determan,CONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St. , 'Phones 586.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies, s ffi ribe ofPassing of a Once FamousMexican Indians.All the -world has heard' of the famous Yaqui Indians of the state ofSonora, Mexico. They are for the mostpart dwellers in the hills, crudely armed with primitive weapons, but terrific fighters who have more than oncedecisively beaten the soldiers ofMexico.Peaceable when undisturbed, fullyalive to the richness of their minesand the value of their fertile valleys,they sought only to defend that whichwas theirs from the grasping hands ofthose who jlesired their mines andtheir lands. Like most aborigines,however, they were doomed from thefirst. What was at the time of Cortesa tribe of 5,000 strong, able to defy thewarriors of Montezuma, has dwindleduntil there are now not more than500 souls in the valley of the Yaquiriver and in the mountain gorgeswhich wall in the source of thisstream.The bulk of the Yaquis have beenwiped out in sanguinary wars or takenprisoners and shot, and those for whomno excuse for death could be foundhave been deported to the fever stricken vales of Yucatan. The Yaquis as arace are no more, but their passinghas been made complete only duringthe past few years. Wide World Magazine. TESTING A PICTURE.Tissot, the Famous French Painter,and His Critic.An interesting story is told ofJacques Tissot. the great French painter. While in England he painted abeautiful religious picture and. meeting a countrywoman, asked her opinionof his work. "It's a chef d'oeuvre,"she replied, giving a remarkably justand detailed appreciation of the various merits of the really splendid paint-"Are you satisfied?" asked a friend.Tissot answered in the negative. Heentirely repainted his picture, workingnight and day.When finished he sent again for hisfair critic, who pronounced it admirable and remained silently admiring it with smiling cr'tfeism."Are you satisfied V" asked the friendagain when the lady had departed"No."' replied the artist, and he set towork for the thiid time.When the Parlsieune saw the newpainting she gazed at it for some moments with evident emotion and thenwithout a word sank softly to herknees and began to pray."Are you satisfied now?" whisperedthe friend, and Tissot said "Yes."London Saturday Review.Hannibal's Downfall.The fate of Hannibal turned uponthe result of a promenade. It was afterhe had crossed the Alps and enteredItaly, with winter quarters establishedat Capua. His residence was one ofthe best houses in the ctity, and whilewalking in the garden he heard a female voice singing not far away.Struck by the tones of the voice, he issued an order that the singer should bebrought before him. He was so greatlyimpressed by her charms that he atonce attached uer to his household,disposing of the husband by beheadinghim. Retribution followed cioseiy uponthe cowardly perpetration of the outrage. The balance of the winter wasdevoted to pleasure, discipline anddrills were practically abandoned, andwith the advent of spring the Carthaginian army was so demoralized bythe dissipation of the city that its prestige was lost, and with it came thedownfall of Hannibal.The Sara-Kabbah Fashion.The Sara-Kabbah people of centralAfrica adopt the hideous fashion ofwearing large wooden disks in the lips,the one in the upper lip about threeInches in diameter and that in thelower six inches. "These ornaments,"says Mr. Es.arl W. Kumin in "FromHausaland to Egypt," "restrain thewearers from prolonged conversation.One of the chiefs, when 1 asked himthe reason why they disfigured theirwomen, informed me that their forefathers had developed this habit inorder that the women ight exerciseno attractions for the Moslem slaveraiders."Warning a Serpent.Down in Bermuda Mark Twainmade a speech about snakes to agroup of little girls. The speech wasgreat. The only trouble was that thelittle girls could not appreciate it. Itflew over their heads. This was thehumorist's conclusion:"Never warm a serpent in your bosom. It is far easier to warm it byplacing it under the pillow of an intimate friend." Harper's Weekly.Recklessness.Singleton Wigwag seems frightfullydespondent. He says he doesn't carewhat happens to him. HenpeckkeThe first thing you know that fellowwill be going off snd getting married.Philadelphia Record.Bungalow.The word bungalow is an AngloIndian version of the Hindu bangla,which primarily means Bengali, or ofBengal, and is also applied to athatched hutFitting Trait."Young Biffins' infatuation for pretty Miss Gladys is merely puppy love.""I suppose that accounts for his doglike devotion." Baltimore American.Idleness is the sepulcher or a Hyingman. HoIIandL-Tdi wi tAThe Real Good FarmerMcCormick MowerThe Best in the World..tBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Tortured lor Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble that .baffled doctor, and resisted all remedieshe tried, John W. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to .sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedKlectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders tor me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.eMM ?;;Con-fort for the Tramp.Bill Snooks (reading from a fashionpaper) "To be really well dressed aman's clothes should have the appearance of having been worn once ortwice. What O!"Life Saved at Death's Door."I never felt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful cou hand lung trouble pulled me down iu100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatmsne for two years.My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am aave today is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery.whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pouuds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on earth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c andSI 00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.mi 3-52'VCsVMflttlamTWIN BROS.Department Store This Week:Aprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Kose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2 50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers ISc,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.&2ESS?v5SmTW NBROS.2?v&srTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST, -OppositeFrank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapestt " NSgP X - : zl : JIt's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theircauicA wiiuiuuua uievei-v uiimate. Amalgamated AKU KUU-biNtrwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theSSUfSSo Ly Sbs?lutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCKUUrlJNLr is standard nun tnlrpc fho como incttmnna t.o r. t4.j metal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amal-gamaicu. aru x.uu.riiuj snouia iaii to sausiy.i AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, IU.?Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.dyWanj--rYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep put-'ting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us. -We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, liile home at moderate cost. And, will show you now you can pay ror it. rter mat we want to shov youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such -as?$$-. -Sueo t-w mt x - - , 4-Xto make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber d M'f 9q Company,IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Mam Sts. JHome Phone 12; L f. 530PARIS, KY,fc.2-lrikIi"amz$i -iStubborn Case"I was under the treatment of two doctors," writesMrs. R. L. Phillips,. of Indian Valley, Va., "and they pronounced my case a very stubborn one, of womanly weakness. I was not able to sit' up, when I commenced totake Cardui.I used it about one week, before I saw much change.Now, the severe -pain, that had been in my side for years,has gone, and I don't suffer at all. I am feeling better tharfin a long time, and cannot speak too highly of Cardui."jp TAKE ThtARDU 1 WomanSTonicif you are one of those ailing women wfro suffer from anyof the troubles so common to women.Cardui is a builder of womanly strength. Composedof purely vegetable ingredients, it acts quickly on thewomanly system, building up womanly strength, toning upthe womanly nerves, and regulating the womanly system.Cardui has been in successful use for more than 50 years.Thousands of ladies have written to tell of the benefit theyreceived from it Try it fqr your troubles. Begin today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dent. Chattanooea Medicine Co.. ChaHannnw Tpnnlor Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "DR.DOLLE'SIMCTITIITC whcre MEN are CURED.lilOIIIUIC LET ME SURE YOUIFINESTCQUIPPCD INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITED STATES" NOT MANY MILES TO COME-WHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAY.FAMOUS FOB 20 TEAKS.THAI rait Surgical Operations performedwith skill and success when eurgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGESOt any Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cared.YOUNG 3XEX AKX AJLI, 3IEX, COME.D H E E? Q PEBMAXEST CUBE, without""& w tho knife. One treatment cures.VARICOCELENO KNIFE. Cared laOne Treatment.C9SRDTIIOET Stricture, Etc. CuredfvUT 1 U S EL j by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Boils, Ulcers. Sores. Diseasesof the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostatexland. Rheumatism, Xervo us Troubles.HYDROCELECared In One Visit, Noknife. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the "DollePlan" of net one dollar to be Bald nnlesscared. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 pans Boole Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for poBtage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that I can write you justwnat is neeaea in your case521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0. jBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvei of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send vou aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone 'pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B.'( BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for houe cure. Samplessent free by writing Blcod Palm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe yoir troubleand free medical adviie given.Sold bv Varden & Son.WALTER11 PMWIiMII1! ' w I1 lWMMmi11aw y eff .8 3 IB j SPECIALIST! pj MMar i .,..,, " g'.M ii rlinrafBSliinlfBiii'WLHVIVNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every eraingrowing country under theSun it is said to be tho bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappear most to its usersare : ligrhtness of draft:NOT"handiness of operation:MADEdurability of construction; ability to do perfect work in any kindAof grain: accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knotter:absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who grave theworld its first successful binder, an3now give it itsmost successfuloae a finder thatjYERKES &Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 52KM ffarnesSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Announcement.I have locatpd in Paris for the purpose ofaconducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad tj furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.' Office Phones ' -fii u e rnones j Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.IB.Home 334.4dfflinistrator!s Notice.I All persons "having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properly proven according to law and filed witn thej undersigned administrator. TheseI knowing themselves indented to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.BYWe'd like to send youour free catalog: describing: it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Th9 BestYet'Most Dand:w, C. HESTERi " "KENNETl.Has Jeff Davis' Old Seat.For many years a certain desk inthe Senate chamber has been covetedhy John Sharp Williams, of Mississippi, and his wish will be realized intaking the seat formerly occupied byJefferson Davis in the Upper House.This desk of the one time Presidentof the Confederacy is perhaps of morehistoric interest than any other in theSenate. It. is still disfigured with thebayonet marks made during the warby Union soldieis who attempted todestroy it. Some members, however,insist that many of the scars camefrom Senator Tillman's picchfoik.Southern visitors, especially, alwaysinsist upon havine this desk pointedout to tnem, and it seems fitting thatit should be occupied by a Senatorhailini? from the commonwealth ofMississippi, jJefferson Davis' homeState.Senator Williams wss most heartilyj wcclomed back to active public life bymany senators who were formerly his! colleogups in the House From"Affairs at Washington' by JoeMitchell Chappie, in the .NationalMagazine ior AugustThe Lengthy Lobbies."Why do they call Washington thecity of magnificent distances?" "Because," answered the office-seeker, "itis such a long way between what yougo after and what you get."Deeply Religious."Deeply religious is he?"' "Yes, Indeed. If he dines out on Friday, hetells nothing but fish stories." Puck.-cP'ONEi)fiopdown the throat of a "grapey''chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the driukinjr waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPES,il wnite dlarrnoea ana otner chiclediseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should beep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Ask for free booklet on"Diseases of Fowls."For Sale by W. T. Brooks.c9augMaster's Sale-OF-Valuable City PropertyBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Wm. Myall, Adm'str &c - PlaiLtiffvs.Louise Myall &c - - - Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the above3tyled action at the June term, 1911,of the BDurbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 5th, 1911,sell at public acution to the highestand best bidder on the premises atabout the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., upon credits of six and twelve monthsfor equal parts of the purchase money,the property described in said judgment and ordered to be sold in thisaction, to-wit: --i-A house and lot located in the cityof Paris, Ky., on Main street described as follows: Beginning on Mainstreet at a diision line of WilliamHintou and the lot heieby conveyed,rhence with Main street about 60 feetto Twelfth street; thence with Twelfthstreet about 118 feet to a division linein the rear between the lot of JsaidHinton and this division line between said Hinton's lot and the lothereby conveyed; thence with said division line of said Hinton to the beginning. g2tSaid property will be sold free fromthe dower right of the widow, MaryLou Smediey. The purchaser will berequired to execute bonds with approved surety for the purchase moneybearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum fromjdate of sale until paid, payable to the undersignedMaster Commissioner, but the purchaser may pay his bonds beforematurity if he so fdesires after Xqconfirmation of the sale.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.WASH THAT ITCH AWftY.It Is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful Itch, wouldn't youmake every ert to take a tilp tcEurope at cne? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to rindthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, gerfit least a 25-cent bottle today. We sakture you of instant relief.iBWHfKJfflOLD NEWSPAPEBJTThtir Usefulness Is Not Gor.3 JustBecause You Have Read Them.The mere fact that moths cannotread is no reason why they should detest newspapers, but they do nevertheless, it isn't exactly the newspaper orits editorial policy that moths dislike.It's the -ink used in printing the typethat makes the moths stay .away. Thatis why, in the absence of mothproofbags and cedar chests, some housewives pack their furs and woolensaway wrapped in newspapers at theend of the winter season and findthat is a satisfactory way of preserving them against the ravages of moths.There is nothing better than old newspapers for use 'under the carpets forthe same reason.Old newspapers have many otheruses as well. Wet in water they serveto clean out the stove splendidly.Crushed newspapers are excellent toclean lamp chimneys. They can evenbe used for an iron holder for anemergency.Newspapers dipped in lamp oil areuseful for cleaning windows. Ironsnot much soiled can be rubTed on oldnewspapers and thus made fit for use.Dipped in lamp oil they are splendidto rub the outside of the dishpan.They keep it bright and shining. Tornin shreds, slightly dampened and scattered over the carpet, they keep downdust when sweeping. They clean thesink of its grease and sediment. Nothing is better, for the greasy paper canbe at once burned after use.Many times folded newspapers willserve as a mat to stand hot and blackened pots or kettles on and save soiling the kitchen table. The kitchenstove is kept bright after the cookingof each meal with old papers, and thissaves many polishings.LIFE BUOY AND, OAR.h.Putting on the One and SupportingYourself With the Other.Very few persons know how to getinto a life buoy, and, as in this uncertain world one never knows when onemay need to make use of a buoy inreal earnest, a little practice mightprove of great value in an emergency.Now. when the buoy is thrown intothe water the temptation Is to try tolift 'it over one's head and shouldersor to dive through It. This, however,is Impossible. The correct thing is tograsp the two sides of the buoy withfingers of the hands uppermost, loweryourself under the buoy and come upthrough the center, then rest yourarms upon the sides, and you will becomfortably supported as long as it Isnecessary.More often than otherwise, in case ofaccident, a life buoy is not at hand.In such an event an oar may be usedas a substitute. Now, there is somelittle art in savincr oneself by thismeans, for an average sized scull isnot buoyant enough to support a person If grasped as the first impulsewould direct.There is only one way in which theoar will support a human being. Itmust be ridden like a hobbyhorse.The baft is put between the legs andthe blade allowed to project above thesurface of the water in front of one.By this means the head is kept wellabove the water. Pearson's Magazine.Feeling For Death.For a week the self appointed guideto the blind on their daily walks hadnoticed that the two men who wereher special charges felt carefully ofthe wall on either side of the door ofthe asylum when passing in and out.Since she was there to lead them, thatprecaution seemed not at all necessary,and she finally asked their reason forit"I am looking for crape on the door,"one old man told her. "They don'tlike to let us know here in the asylumwhen any one dies for fear of makingus feel bad, but they put crape on thedoor, and by feeling for it when wepass in and out we can find out for our-. selves when one of us has gone." NewYork Press.How Fielding Spelled His Name.The. Fleldings are an ancient race,and the Denbigh earldom dates from1022. By the way, there Is a funnystory as regards the family name andits spelling. The author of "TomJones" was one of the race, and thethen Lord Denbigh said to his relative:"Why don't you spell your name 'Feilding,' as the rest of us do and notFielding'?"The writer made answer, "BecauseI am the first of the family who learned to spell." London Gentlewoman.iAfrican Giants.There are many giants in Africa ninefeet high. Some of them weigh 300pounds and are strong enough to killa panther at one blow. Perhaps youthink such big fellows must be clumsy,but they are not They can run fasterthan any horse, springing twelve tofourteen feet at a leap. This all soundslike a fairy story, but not so when youhear lhat these African giants areostriches. In New York. C' m"The woman across the hall fromus is dead.""How did you find that out?"-1 "Why, I happened to see it In thepaper." Life.Beginning Young.Parent is my boy precocious, doyoutfilnk? "School Principal Very.Ie told the teacher he had been sittingup .witn a sick friend. Jtnick.gjcerity Is the basis of all trueir'"ndship. Without sincerity It Is likeA Reader Cures His Constipation Try If FreeSimpli way !r any family to rttainThe editors of "Health Hints" andv Questions and Answers" have onequestion that is put to them more often than any other, and whichstrangely enough, they find the mostdifficult to answer. That is "Howcan I cure my constipation?". Dr. Caldwell, an eminent specialistm diseases of the stomach, liver andbowels, has looked the whole fieldover, has practised the specialty forforty years and is convinced that theingredients contained in what iscalled Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsirfhas the best claim to attention fromconstipated people.Its success in the cure of stubbornconstipation has done much to displace the use of salts, waters, strong!Moct Rigorously Enforced.Nature's great unwritten laws arethe ones that man does not seem orwant to understand yet which are themost rigorously enforced of all prevailing laws.Saves two Lives."Neither mj sister nor myself mightbe living today, if it had not been forDr. King's New Discovery, "writes A.D. McDonald, of Favetteville, N. C,R. F. D. No 8, "for we both hadfrightful coughs that no other remedycould, help We were told my sisterhad consumption. She was veryweak and had night sweats but yourwonderful medicine completely curedus both. It's the besryl ever used orheord of." For sore lungs, coughs,colds, hemorrhage, lagrippe, asthma,hay fever,croup, whooping cough, allbronchial troubles, its supreme. Trialbottle free. 50c and 1. Guaranteedby Oberdoefer.imMdl WC11 3.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,LParis, Ky.JCBoSYOVTRYBlood i n eJKhESRSt REMEDY! NW DISEASES ARBlNGFBOiOi JV 1 IMPURE HrOODj"'" iftf . n mm n net ir ATP WOMEN. AaSdTENOEB BOYS AND I""' U SWlii a mt ft not kdutt fli. 1 DERDMAMS. CATARRH. I f-." .M AJTHHA. RHEUMATISM. 1, k J: ll GOUT. IA GROT CON.; M fi 1 1 HI SUMPTION. DVJPEPSIA. f f M ' ""PHit CONSTIPATION. HEART fi M' iJii DISEASE. MALARIA, 'lili. k"aA NERVOUS BEBIUTV. JTj0W THE BLOODINE CO .WfMsl j&Hor0K yAv ifcLn.L 7m -.rtht gwd fault h 9f MHcathartics 3- such things. SyrfPepsin, by training- the stomach andbowel muscles to again do their worknaturally, and with its tonic ingredients strengthening the nerves? bringsabout a lasting cure. Among itsstrongest supporters are MK JohnGravehne of 98 Milwaukee Ave., Detroit, Mich., and Mr. J. A. Vernon ofOklahoma City. Thousands of others ,of both sexes have written to DtvCaldwell telling of gratifying resultsIt can be obtained of any druggist atfiftv cents and nnp Hnllnt- v.n4.iAif vou want to trv if fire n -fi-oa. .-,pie bottle can be obtained by writingthe doctor.For the free sample address Dr. WB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building-.Monticello, 111.Still in Primitive Life.The natives of New Guinea havbeen found living as if in the stonai ago.Wife Got Tip Tod Advice.'My wife wanted me., to ' take ourboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil," writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,Okla. "I said -put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it.' She did so.and it curedthe boil in a short time." QuickesthBaler of burns, scalds, cuts, corns,bruises, sprains, swellings. Best pile vcure on earth. Try it. Only 25c at"Oberdorfer's.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra efforts'this season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel "confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much good.TV. T. Brooks, Agent..i1.)We Know-BLOODINEvf!Will Help YouTo Regain Year Strengthand Energy. 'Report of the He4 Phy!ota lae Leading New York Hoepitl "$ on the Cur of Catarrh"A few years ago we considered that?7e were doing well if we curedtenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction ofI "Bloodine' ' into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the large irtrtestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelvioCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andJC Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklycurea with 'Bloodine." itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluaole tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other danger:ous drugs which merely deaden pain:temporarily, but give no permanent; relief or cure the cause of your disease.;"Bloodineisa powerful body builder. and blood maker; it is the best remedy'Imown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynaw, rich red blood to the whole body.' FREE . To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mailUrge sample bottle for 10 cants in ittver or stamps for postage.r&MiWAddreM, Thx Bloodies Cobpobjltion, Boston, 3uTtilaW. T. Brooks, Agent?f hiin "fth't ballast.T:S -fJlS,ft.Ar-'V 4 f4 ,c"'H"V'IM. S. varden &;Son. 1 'ggi;iit,TT"., -n Jr JU,0'XJUVri-jniXVT X 0-l. A ,!4-V:v- ri1JMfLLCXSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson is some betler. Mr. Thomas McClintock is amongihe sick.The condition of Mr. M. H. Currentremains unchanged.Mr. Bell, of Gallipolis, Ohio, is theguest of Mr. George Stoker.Mr. Ashby Leer, who hag beeenamong the sick, is able to be outagain.Miss Pearl Snelling, of Carlisle, isthe guest of her aunt, Mrs. BessieJohnson.Mr. M. P. Wells returned Fridayafter a two weeks' sojourn at SwangoSprings.Mrs. Bert McClintock was the guestof Mrs W. G. McClintock at ParisThursday.Mr. J. G. Smedley returned Thursday after a two weeks' t outing inMichigan.Miss Sallie Mclntyre left Friday fora week's visit to her sister, Mrs. C.W. Howard, at Lexintgon.Miss Anna Tune left Thursday forher home at Carlisle, after a week'sVisit to Miss Lillie Dell Lynch.Mrs Oliver Hazelrigg entertained-Saturday evening in honor of Miss( Mary Burns Parker, of MaysvilleMrs. Chas Martin and sons returned.Thursday after a few days visit to herfather, Rev. Oney, at Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. Graham Smedley, ofMidland, Texas, arrived Thursday asguests of his fathei, Mr. J. G. Smedley. Mr. Henry L. Jones, Mra. WilliamCoons and daughters, of Knoxville,Tenn., are guests of Mr. and Mrs. C.H. Jones.Messrs. Allen and Jones, of Tennessee, were with Mr. S. C. Carpentera few days last week looking oversome horses.Mr. Bruce McMahan.who fell fromthe roof of his meat house some day3ago and sustained two broken ribs, isimproving nicely.Mrs. David Hood and Mrs. LesterBobbins and son have returnpd to theirhome at Nepton after a few days'"visit to relatives here. II will sell on August 5 at about thehour of 2 p. m. four building lots beginning at the corner of Trigg and"Second street. Lots are 50 by 200 feet25 At MRS. RUSSELL MITCHELL.Mrs. C. H. Wine, of Culpepper,IiOur Entire Stock of Sum-smer Shoes marked downfor quick selling : -: :Mark-Down Sale !Is Nearing an EndWe broke all records in Shoe selling last week, and nowonder, when the best Shoes are sole at less than cost ofmanufacture. Never in the history of Paris have Shoesbeen sold at such remarkably low prices.To be sure of a clean sweep, we have arranged our stock, marking down our entire line ofSummer Shoes at less than cost.For To-morrow, Saturday,And as many days as the lots will last, we have added somespecial bargain lots at one-half the price their actual value.DAN COHEN336 Matin Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.I Come to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is onA and save the difference.Va., who has been the guest of Mrs.S. C. Carpenttr for several weeks,left Friday for a visit to friends atGeorgetown. She will return litre before going to her home in Virginia.Mr. C. C. Clark is amang-the sick.Miss Cleo Hopper, of Pari3, is theguest of Mrs. H. D. Shy.Miss Hazel Kerr left Saturday'for avisit to relatives in Maysville.Mrs. C. D. Tackett and children 'arecamping with relatives near OwingBville. Mrs. C. T. F'anders has returnedafter a visit to ftier.ds at Mt. Sterling. Miss Nancy Jones returned Sundayafter a protracted visit to relatives atMt. Streling.Miss-Maude Kerr, of Carlisle, wasthe guest uf Misses Edna and FloraMason last week.Mr. A. J. Thaxton left Monday for aten days visit to relatives in Flemingand Mason counties.Miss Elizabeth Throckmorton, ofCovington, arrived Sunday as theguest of Miss Florence Vimont.Miss Kizzie Mae McDaniel will return Wednesday after a two weeks'visit to relatives in Cynthiana.The friends of Mr. A. T. Vimontwill be glad to learn that since goingto Colorado he is improving nicely.Misses Lydia Johnson, of LittleRock, and Ruth Gardner, of Olather,Kansas, are guests of Mrs. C. T.Flanders.Misses Mattie and Lucille Butler returned Saturday after a two weeks'visit to relatives in Covington, accompanied by a friend, Miss Hamilton.Mr. and Mrs. M. D. Hurat, of Elizaville, were guests of her sisters, Mrs.S. H. Endicott and Mrs. ElizabethStirman from Friday until SundayMr. Malcolm Linville, of Lexington,is the guest of his father, Mr. J. H.Linville. Mr. Linville has been inthe hospital for several days and is athome for a week's rest.Mr. and Mrs. James L. Donnell andMiss Lela Kerns, of Carlisle, and MissFairie Templin, of Paris, were guestsof Mr. and Mrs. Richard WassonSaturday and Sunday.Messrs. Clark Leer, Jas. Miller andGlenn Shanklin, accompanied by Mr.Faga, of Bracken county, will leavetoday for a month's visit to Messrs.Jamesa nd Frank Caldwell in AlbertaProvince, Canada.The friend of Mr. T. D. Judy willreerret to learn that he is no betterand was moved Friday from the homeOur Great4fcA w7i:of his daughter, Mrs. K. R. Vaught,at Parker, Inri., to the MartinsvilleSanataiium. where it is hcpcd he mayget some reiitfMrs. C. H. Cooper, who has beenthe guest of his daughter, Mrs. AaronMcConnell, for several weeks, willleave today for a week'a visit to relatives at Nepton before returning tohis home at Maysville.A small fire, broke out in the homeof Mr. Chas. Leer early Saturdaymorning caused from a defective fluein the kitchen. Had it not been forttje prompt action of Mr. Leer andneighbors it might have proven a serious conflagration, but little damagewas sustained.Miss Anna Conway has rented threerooms of her home to Miss EstherNell, instructor in string instrumentsat the M. F. C. Miss Nell, with hermother, will occupy the rooms aboutSep'-emper 1, coming from Somerset.It will be remembered'that Miss Nelllost her father since the close of schoolin May.Work is progressing nicely in remodeling the Christian church. Thenew windows are in, the plasteringcompleted and the interior is nowready for the artist. It will be amodel little bjilding when completedServices will be held hereafter untilits completion, at the M. M I. drillhall.Hen Becomes Foster Mother ofKittens.A five-year-old Black Spanish henowned by Mrs. Taylor Collins, ofFranklin county, has adopted sixkittens, and cares for them as tenderly as if they were her chicks. Thekittens have learned to heed the callof the hen's "cluck," and the old hencalls the kittens and spreads her wingsover them to protect them as carefullyas if they were her brobd.The affection displayed by the kit:tens for the hen and by the hen fortoe kittens is the most unusual becausethe cat, the mother of the kittens, isliving and nusers the kittens as regularly as if they did not have a fostermother. -. s. UThe old cat seems to understand thesituation and displays no jealousy,but, on the contrary, seems to delightin the attention shown her offspringby the hen. The hen does not understand why it is that the kittens, whichhave acquired the strength, desire torun about the yard, and becomes veryuneasy when they are out of her sight.She left a setting of eggs to adoptthe kittens, and has lost interest entirely in chickens of all kinds since thearrival of the kittens.1AH the best Walk-Overstyles in Oxfords at cutiprices :::::Come now while the rangeof sizes is still good and.ihf fttvles nf thf hest.- -r wMot-v rv w-JIX!T!ATIN3'-THE CUB.Stunts the New Boys In Some BanksHave to Face.Now, when a tyro goes to work In amachine shop he is sent to 'the tooiloom for a left handed monkoy wrencb.A foundry wag will send the new boyIn search of "core holes." A printer'sdevil is sent to the typefounders witha wheelbarrow for a hair space. Humorists In certain Kansas City bankshave a revised code, says the Timesof that city.Here are six things the beginnerprobably will be required to seek atdrug stores, in stationery shops, evenat the county courthouse, where onetrustful youth went the other day toinquire diligently for a "speed ball" toassist him in his work:There Is the -"speed ball," then, andthere is the "check stretcher," presumably used to increase the size otchecks that do not conform to. the filing cases; the "discount board," supposed to be checkered in a manner tofacilitate the handling of discountedpaper; the "clearing house key," insearch for which half a day easily maybe consumed, and for the red andblack lines that lie artistically on thefair pages what could be more appropriate than "striped ink," and lest theink becomes too thick should not ar"ink strainer" be procured?Ask the new boy.THE FIRST ASTOR.A Daring and Resourceful Operator Inthe Fur Trade.John Jacob Astor was born in the little village of Waldorf, in Germany, in1763, just as France at the close ofthe Seven Years' war was cedingCanada to England. He sailed to ourside of the Atlantic in 1783, whenGeorge III. in the treaty of Paris waaacknowledging our independence andwhen the merchants of Montreal wereestablishing the Northwest company.He became a fur dealer, graduallygained control of the trade south ofLakes Huron and Superior, exceptthat which was in the hands of theMackinaw company, and won a reputation "as a daring and resourceful operator, which made his name knownin Montreal, St. Louis, London andCanton.He had a dozen vessels afloat, representing a capital of $1,000,000. carrying furs to England and China in1S00, and at the time that the purchase of Louisiana in 1803 pushed ourboundary to the Rocky mountains hewas the wealthiest and most successful merchant in the United States.North American Review.The Man of Leisure.Most of our rich men work very hardnot always because they want to, butin many instances because they haveto. The husbandry of a big estate initself may be a task for the whole ofthe time and thought, not of one man,but of several. As a general thing itis fair to say that our only man ofleisure is the tramp. The social pariah,the mutineer against the rule of work,is the only one who can be sure ot acare free, sybaritic existence, and evenhe lives in constant danger of rock saltfrom the farmer's gun or the onslaughtof the watchdog around the corner asthe hobo knocks at the kitchen dooror pauses at the water trough to drink.The poor tramp Is certainly a morefrequent social phenomenon than therich one. Philadelphia Ledger.The Earl and the Angler.One of the earls of Mlnto had akindly nature. One day a Hawick angler was throwing his line on the rivernear Minto when a tall gentleman,came up to him and inquired whatkind of sport he was having. Thefisher replied that it was not verygood and that he could do better ifhe were at the other side of the water,adding, "I'll gi'e ye sixpence if ye'llcarry me across." The bargain wasstruck, and the gentleman, getting theangler on his back, carried him throughthe water to the other side. True tohis promise, the angler produced thesixpence, which he proffered to thestranger, who. however, smiled andremarked, "Give it to the first beggaryou meet and tell him it is a presentfrom the Earl of Minto."Why She Worried."But, mother, why do you object tomy being pleasnnt to the young menYYou can't hope to keep me with youalways, you know. One of them willtake me away from you some day.""Take you away from raeV Well, ifthat happens I shall not complain. Itis the certainty that none of the youngmen who have been coming here sofar would take you away that hasworried both your father and me."Chicago Record-Herald.Only Wanted the Chance.Emperor I do not care to hear yourproposition, sir. Everything that issubmitted must first be put throughthe prime minister. Subject Nothingwould please me better. I wanted toshow you the new bayonet which Ihave invented for army use. LondonAnswers.Willing, but Cautious."Yes, my daughter eloped.""1 suppose you will forgive theyoung couple?""Not until they have located a placeto board." Washington Herald.Tough Combination.Probably there is no combination onearth harder to live with than an artistic temperament soused in ,a bad2old. Galveston News.It is always safe to learn even fromour enemies, never safe to instruct2ven our friends. ColtoniTilt Expected to Veto Wool Bill.Democratic leaders of the Houeadopted anything but a conciliatorytcne on the wool tariff situation Satur-,day. Underwood and Harrison ot theWays and Means Committee, and otherprominent Democrats expressed themselves in unfriendly terms to the iwooltariff compromise with the Senate thatwould mean raising the rate of theUnderwood bill.Meantime. President Taft is generally credited as fully determined to veto the bill.The present situation in the Houseis the key to the entire tariff tanglein Congress. Upon the action of theHouse early next week rests the possibility of further tariff legislation thissession. Speaker Clark exuiepsed confidence that a wool bill will be agreedupon in conference and be signed bythe President. Other House leaders,however, adopted a more pessimisticview.Apparently the desire of certainHouse leaders ia to take no chances ofDeing piacea on recora as endorsing ajparty protective tariff bill. Ihey believe the President will veto any billand do not want to be on reccrd infavor of any except a straight revenuemeasure, as the Underwood bill isclaimed to be.Back of this sentiment is the demandof a faction of which Harrison.of NewYork, is leader, that the raw woolduty shall not be increased above 20per cent. The general expectation isthat the La Follette compromise billas it passed the Senate will emergefrom conference based on 30 per centad valorem on raw wool.There was no change in the Senatesituation, the coalition maintaining itsstrength and the parties to that combination' expressing confidence in theirability to put through the revisionlegislation.Fight Against High Heels.A nation-wide movement against thewearing of high-heeled shocB is theplan of Justice W. O. Howard, of theSupreme Court of New York State.In an address at Troy, N. Y., JusticeHwoard said to an audience of women:"The wearing of high-heeled .shoes isas barbarous and as torturini and asdestructive of health as Chinese wooden shoes. It is as heathenish and outlandish as wearing rings in the nose orta t)oing .the lace, and it breeds anungainly and deformed race. Theobsolete civilization of China feelsproud of another kind.' Each resultsin walking monstrosities. Can I urgeyou to go out and advocate normalfeet, sue-'i as God gave. Have you thecourage to sneak out against this sillyfaahior a fashion as destructive asrum, as deadly as opium or are you tobe counted among its devotees."Where Evil Came In.Husband (meditating upon the bonnet bill) God made woman, but thedevil certainly makes the new styles.Judge.1-4On All Men's andBoy's Suitsa hh bb n bb ,,ii hh wi bb un hh .aw na nil bb bh mBennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYMHHBMBIfour I Jne ofSiver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.RFMFMRFP THKThe "House of Quality" only car- Iriesthe very best in Solid Silver Iand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.rT"l TT " r -n i.. ..ine nouseB Both Phones.Death ia Roaring Fire.may not result from the work of firebugs, but often severe burns areeaued that make a quick need forBucklen's Arnica Salve, the quickest,,surest cure for burns, wounds, bruisesboils, sores. It subdues inflammation.It kills pain. Jt soothes and heals.Drives, off skin eruptions, ulcers orpiles. Only 25c at Oberdorfer'sReflection of the Mind.The whole countenance is a certain3ilent language of the mind. Cicero.iff aster' s OaeOFReal Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.W. A. Gpines & Co., - - Plaintiffsvs.Henry ClayDefendant.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will enSaturday, Anpst 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis. Ky , about 11 o'clock a. m., sellthe property described in the judgment and ordered to be sold in thisaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaintiffs' judgment and costs beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit ofsix months, to-wit:A certain houe and parcel of groundon the waters of Hinkston creek in thatown of Shippsville, Bourbcn county,Ky., particularly described as follows:Beginning at a stone corner to Lewi:Peters, running with the road 22 1-2yard3 to a stone on the same side ofthe road, thence west 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thenceS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters' corner;thence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interestit the rate of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, payable to theundersigned Master Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amountingon the day of sale to $86.45, and costsof this action, including the costs ofsale amounting to the sum of $63 32,amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $149 77.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.OFFISterling sOor quality. mfchv1 -ogrt