v 'THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND -FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1911.NUMBER 6ThInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYLosai Howard.Believes West Made Escape.Jim West, one of the trio who was, an alleged Jvictim of the Shelbjvillemob, it is thought, eluded the lyncnersSunday rmrning and made his escape.All the Shelby county officials exceptone believe West was not killed.County Judge Ralph Gilbert Mondayrequested Governor Willson to offer areward for the arrest and conviction ofeach member of the mob that lynchedtwo of the three negroes. He alsoasked the Governor to offer a rewardfor the apprehension of Jim West.Governor Willson Wednesday offereda reward of $500 for the arrest andconviction of each and every memberof the mob which lynched two nergoesat Shelbyville early Sunday morning.Frankfort Team.At a fiiP.pfincy rf iht I )irerfnrj nffhoI Frankfort base ball team, of the BlueGrass League Tuesday night. A, L.Coleman was designated to act for theclub at all meetings of the league Diretsrs, and arrange for the schedulethis season A committee was an-pointed to solicit subscriptions and report to the Directors Monday nhight.FOR SALE.One and one-half horsepower gasoline engine. Good as new. Suitable!o furnish power for cutting box orcream separator. Will sell for $30.THOMAS BKOS.ryyy 'S' ''?,?y?-Ski Save the Difference.wfafafavnfafafafafalfafafaStart Right in 1911.Pay the Cash for Your Goods andGet Out of the Credit Habit.Notice these Prices, ThenLook at Your Bill,Standard Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs $1.002 Cans Elephant Corn 15c3 Cans Baby Bunting Corn 25cPride of Illinois Corn 10c2 Cans 3 lb. Standard Tomatoes 1 5cAsparagus Tips, Libby's, per can 25cAsparagus, Libby's, per can 25c3 Bars Lenox Soap 10c3 Boxes Matches 10cArbuckle's Coffee, 2 lbs 45cOld Reliable Cof fe, per lb 25cThe Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234feF jwBE-awipfafaVfafafaIAged Bourbon Citizen PassesAway.After an illness of less than a weekof pneumonia, Mr. William Tarr. fora number of years a prominent distiller, speculator and one of the oldest,best known and most highly respectedcitizens of Bourbon county, died atabout 8 o'clock Wednesday evening athis home a few miles from this cityon the Maysville pike.Mr. Tarr, tfho was born on June22, 1825. was a son of the late RobertTarr. He began life a poor hoy butthrough his natural business instinctsmade a rapid raise acquiring an immense fortune through extensive speculation. Early in life he engaged inthe pursuit of agriculture with abrother and after a few years so successful had been his efforts that thepartnership was dissolved, he entering in business for himself. Subsequently he engaged in distilling, trading and real estate speculation, whichyielded him immense profits.Mr. Tarr, in the course of his activebusiness career, came into possessionof a vast amount of land in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky throughwhich a portion of th L. & E. railroad extends. About twenty-riveyears ago, and before this road wasconstructed, Mr. Tarr was one of theleading figures identified with the promoters of the road to open this territory. Several years ago he suffered financial reverses and has since lived a lifeof retirement.Mr. Tarr was twice married, hisfitst wife, who died in March 1873, being a daughter of W. W. and SarahFisher. To them were born ThompsonTarr. of this city, and Fisher Tarr, ofHot Springs, Ark. His second marriage was to Miss Mary Fisher, a sisterof his first wife, and who survives.They were married in January 1876,the result of their union being fourchildren. Wm. Tarr, uf Oklahoma City,Okla., Bennett Tarr, of Paris, Mrs.Hughes Atkinson, of Mt. Sterling,and Mrs. J. O. hvans, ot Winchester.The funeral services will be held atthe grave in the Paris cemetery thisafternoon ac 3 o'clock, conducted byProf. C. C. Fisher, of Millersburg.The pall-bearers will be: JamesMcClure. J. G Allen, Geo. R. Bell.Dr. V. W. Huffman, Lettcn Vimont,Denis Dundon.MITCHELL UL11eDEATHS.Nettie Nelson Craycraft, the five-montns-olddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.G. W. Craycraft, of near Hutchison,died Tuesday of pneumonia. The bodywas taken to Mt. Sterling Wednesdayfor burial.Mr. Kenna Henry, of the UnitedStates Army, died at the heme of hismother, Mrs M. M. Henry, on theParis pike near Winchester. TuesdayHe was 21 years old, and had been connected with the coast artillery servicefur nearly three years He had beenpromoted and was in line fur furtherpromotion when illness compelled himto come home on leave ,of absence onOctober 28 last, since which time helhas ben gradually growing worse.He was a direct descendant of PatrickHenry.itTOGARDSThe most luxurious accessory in existence. Little soft stocking protectors foreverybody. Fit snugly over the forepart of the bare foot, underneath thestocking. Will positively prevent thesheerest socks or stockings from wearing through at the toes.Price 1 Oc per pair.We have a full line of very handsome silk stockings for the ladies at75c per pair.iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW.5'BIRTHS.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Whitley arereceiving congratulations upon thearrival of a little daughter,who was born on Wednesdaymorning. The little girl was christened Elizabeth Lathan Whitley in honorof Mr. Whitley's mother. Mrs. Whitley was formerly Miss Edna Talbott.sAVitmvsraCLEARING SALEOF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commences Saturday, Jan. 7Suits and Overcoats sold at S30, now$24.75Miffijmk3P'-w'i-.S Suits and Overcoats sold at ,$25, nowmm37?Suits and Overcoats sold at $22.50. now fg$19.50IKfe$1 7.5aM)MMMMmmmmMMMiMMMMbmEiiziiiimnmiifminiitrrammuiMmiimuummmHtm Af3 I 1-n-k AMT n . -smOS rKAR ftr LU, i9f3-4.!FRANK & CO,The Ladies' Store.Announce TheirAnnual JanuaryClearanceSalemr&Hm-sii-&mk 3&HXrJirSuits and Overcoats sold at $20 and SIS, gftkf,Now $15 WSuits and Overcoats sold at 15 and ''M($16, now Mp Suits and Overcoats sold at $27.50 and3Q?f 328, nowiH 21.50SiK I ':XME -. i -rx T- -i i T -v ?.?!.' sreciai rnces on .Boys &uics ana uvercoats. X3H 50 pairs Men's and Young Men's All-Wool Pants, sold from $1.50 to $3.50, f&4choice $1.00.Heavy Fleece Underwear 38c, worth 50c. 3PfemmiAndSpecial Sale of MuslinUnderwear to BeginSaturday, Jan. 1 4th,EndingSaturday, Jan. 21st.Come in and get your share of theBig Bargains.i1PRICE & CO. Clothiersm-FRANK & CO.mimW K.3fciiiumTmniiiiurllllllHllMlllMtlllHllUUlllllHllllt'iMimHrtHllHWtHMHHWHIIIHIIIWIWMWlHIIIHMJIiiMliliMJillMSMlSOiJ3feWkjrafjfjgmmp -- -tv"V "X vXTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 20, 1911- -v 'V Vi-ii1i-UViJohn dugbesWins -No. 1012There may be those who think they have apeculiar footy demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theifettleton oAoeywhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.Geo. M cWillams,iThe Shoe'Man.avrrsyiyaMivyTiiA Treat For All Classes Who Smoke.An Idol Cigar in his mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis pocket for his fricn.U, is tobe accounted one of the blest,llesort, therefore, all ye whoare fond of a good smoko, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium , the sign above whose doorisThe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.;THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent- insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line. 'Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$L.OO SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00No Man is StrongerThan His StomachA strong man is strong all over. No man can bestrong who is suffering from weak stomach with itsconsequent indigestion, or from some other diseaseof the stomach and its associated organs, which impairs digestion and nutrition. For when the stomachis weak or diseased there is a loss of the nutritioncontained in food, which is the source of all physicalstrength. When a man " doesn't feel iust right,"when he doesn't sleep well, has an uncomfortablefeeling in the stomach after eating, is languid, nervous, irritable and despoad-ent, he is losing the nutrition needed to make strength.Such a man should use Dr. Pierce's Golden MedicalDiscovery. It cures diseases of the stomach and otherorgans of digestion and nutrition. It enriches the blood,invigorates the liver, strengthens the kidneys, nourishesthe nerves, and so GIVES HE2U.TH ZLXD STRENGTH TOTHE WHOLE BODY.You can't afford to accept a secret nostrum as a substitute for this nonalcoholic medicine of known composition, not even though the urgent dealermay thereby make a little bigger profit. Ingredients printed on wrapper.mS aaBaaraaaai BaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarCHICAGO NEWS LETTER.Chicago, January IS Safeguardingthe pubiic in train operations meansgreatest increases of net earnings forthe railroads of the country, accordingto a bulletin of the League For PublicSafety. "The aggregate wreck wasteof the steam roads amounts to over 30per cent of the total expense of operation," says the bulletin. Accordingto figures of the Interstate CommerceCommission reports the roads whichhave done the most to safeguard theirlines, are the ones with the lowest ratio of wreck losses. One which has 37per cent of its mileage signalled inlyOS had wreck losses of $13,721,000while another with 154 per cent equipped had losses of $7,200,000, totalmileage bpiog about the same. Takenas a whole, however, the Americanrailroads have as yet expended littlemoney in block signal equipment. Thisleaves over 150,000 miles or 65 percentyet to be protected. However, expense of installation would be manytimes and soon repaid, regardless ofthe lives saved, in the reduction ofwreck waste. In one case the cost ofinstallation and upkeep was repaid inthe first year by the reduction ofwreck losses. However it is honedthat the block signal andboard of theagainst. Arthur Burraee Farwell, thepresident, and Rev. Ernest A. Bellvice president of the association weremembers of the American Purity Fedration party which visited cities of theWest and the South, travelling seventhousand miles in their propaganda.Secretary Burgess has'been notified byeminent public speakers that rhey willattend and speak at the annual meeting. Ha has asked that ministers ofevery church in Illinois preach on thesubject ofocial purity and notify theassociation that they w 11 do so.The pure textile law proposed tostop the prevailing adulteration ofsilks, woolens and linens has beensidetracked, according to disclosuresin Chicago, because the manufacturersof silk3, woolens and linens saw :n itan end to unusual protlia. General E.C Young, manager for one of the nigsilk concerns, did get some of the silkmills to bestir themselves, particularlyas to sales of dress silks in late yearshave fallen off as a result of the distrust created when Tthe ingenious deceptions were discovered by Americanwomen. In the manufacture of woolensadulteration has become a fine art"shoddy" being made so attractiveand so worthless that the public ischeated out of millions annually. Thesame is true in linens. The proposalto penalizp the sale of any goods thatlaal n nipggAll the talking we can do in favor of FOX RIDGEwilljnot convince you of its superiorquality half so rapidly as asample load.W. C. DODSON,PARIS, KY.You Don't NeedCook JJook in order to get up auic(dinner or luncheon. Theyoungest, and most inexperienced housekeeper can obtainat this grocery eveiything f r adinner from soup to desert, noarticle of which will requireexuert knowledge or long timeto prepare Take a look at ourcanned goods and fancy groceries. They are wonderful helpsto voting housekeepers.train control, ar not what thev are renreaentprl rnInterstate Commerre. be, may be renewed later but inactionCommission soon can report the dis- by the manufacturers forebodes trouble 'covery of practical equipment it is' for the purchasers of some makes of,seeking, to improve on visual signals, 'silks, woolens and linens for a year orwhether automatic or visual, and to two. Garments have been known toI 8bB-as?r i i tfm r-irir'pstop trains running toward danger bysome simple automatic means. "Human fallibility must be elirninateu,"says the secretary of a state ;railroadcommission in writing to the League:"As long as the people are dependent upon the human factor in the operation of trains, just so long willthere be serious accidents resulting indeath and iniurv. A recent case ofthis kind occurred in this State, inwhich two men. both motorman andconductor within eighteen minutes af-go completely to pieces in a fewweeks. Woolen scraps are pasted uponcotton threads by ingenious machinery (in such a way that the outer coating is'woolen. Such fabrics have no warmthand are sold to a cla?s of people who ,most need warm, substantial "clothing. 'Richmond Man Honored." Hon. J. A. Sullivai., president of theState Bank and Trust Company of- r : , ." . . lucninonu, nas just receivea woru1 oiter having received positive orders to his boinK made vjce presicient of themeet a 1 rain at a certain staticn, will- t r.nrnnn.B sANf-;nn r tv,QA UUW VJUUJMUIl O . CUbLI'JII V'J. LUbBALDWIN BROS.Two Big Stoi cs, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOCKSThat "do not a prison make'5are no- ihe kind we keep. Ou:locks, bolts, etc., are tt.e kindthat stay locked and bolted.They arc not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection the are intended toassure. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.LOWRY & TALBOTTfully, or willingly, disobeyed this instruction, passed the meeting point,(met the passing car with the resultthat the lives of thirty-bix passengerswere instantly snuffed out or existenceand a number ot other seriously injured. It is hard to determine justwhat was passing in the minus ofthese two men to williuily violatepjsitive instructions witiin eighteenminutes atcer having received them,so that I believe that the only.ren.edfor conditions of this kind is that tnehuman factor be entirely removed andthat an automatic device be installedwhich will absolutely prnveit occurrences ot this kind.g The devise, whatever it might he, shoulj ne one whichwould err upon the Side of nafety, thatis. shniilri thare .he a. failure in the. --..- p, -.meihanicism it would result in showing ,National Bankers' 2 Association forKentucky, which recently convened inLos Angeles, Cal.v. ..j3..v":4fcfattHiBourbon Laundry $D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.toasHia oanger signal anu woum ieaa 10 tne movements of the bowels a dr .'pairing of the pUnt. This, of emptying- of the bowels is very innnrco in this .lav nf liicrh nonrl rniirhf as w"h it COmCs a Clear head,-'-'Wi w um.7 . 3 wmwwu iiiifiiu riACa r . -.-.result in unnecessary delays, but tomy mind the delay that might occurfrom causes of this kind would be ofvery little consequence as against theloss of life under other circumstances."Doubt3 about the future of airshipsis expressed by the commercial associations of enterprising cities which areactively hustling ior new industries.Free SampleFor Baby's IllsSomething can and must be donefor the puny, crying baby, for thechild that refuses to cat and is restless in its sleep. And since the basisof all health is the proper workingof the digestive organs, look first tothe condition of the stomach andbowels.A CXllId SllOUld Ii.IVA frtm full onrl ,.ay. Thl3mportant, I. a lieht-'nnnntlfA ) A....i toi -oT.vw r .rr1,'!-": "u auuui-w. aui il is t-quany important toiknow what to give the child In the!emergency of constipation and indigestion. Cathartics are too strong- and salt3and other purgatives are not onlv toolstrong, but the child refuses thorn be-1cause of their bad taste.. Have you evertried Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin? It Is1a liquid tonic that families have beenusing for a quarter of a century. It is"nilld. pleasant-tasting and promptlv ef-E? SiiM II, s 00d .for you as well asthe child, but there is nothing better to f-w u..u .u. .iiiiuicii. xiiev iikg its r.isfo i-...w ,Chas, S. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. 8. BRENT BRO.PARIS, - KENTUCKY.Both 'Phones 14.East Tenn. Telephone Co,INCORPORATEDIn inviting new enterprises to their. you win not have' to force them toall. if you have not yet usedmidst some of them specifically barairship factories. The recent catastake it.First ofa -w. .- - -- - , -w ww jl uatnifrnnho.: 5n ( n 1 J Fnrn?.., nnrl r,,ic,nn "' "L' a P" WOUld like to Send yOUvwi-fwi vui I4.W .t uiivi uuuiouiiu x. - i r Humnio nnrnn rAn Au rsuiting in of the deaths Hoxsey and way you can try it before buying- LaterMoissant did not add anything to the'wJie" convinced of its merits, you carlfavor in which, hard headed business &lb3g)Smen hold the airship companies which other families arc doinff. The family ofhave sprung up and gone forth looking Mr. D. W. Spangler of Strattonvllle. Pa..tne Wright brothers ss rc" 4? u,atJ?i wr. a. f. Johnson ofFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon Count3r Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When "you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.'The East Tennessee Telephone Co.IncorporatedTnr meal inns.have not vot disnelled altoirethpr nnnn.lar prejudice against which they contended so long and with such brilliantoutcome. "Mattress factories, stovefactorifs, paper mills and denaturedalcohol works but no airship factoriesfor us." said one commercial cluu.WainUt tirOVf Tonn i!tgraJ n.Uk ii ithat way and now write that it Is theirone family necessity next to food itselfIf vou are unfortunate enough to have asickly child one given to constipationand Indigestion, you should send for afre sample of this remedv.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give you any medical advice vou maydesire for yourself or family pertaining to.tlie stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. "Explain your case in aieiir ana ne win reply to you in detailrn. i. l. .. ,1...-,.. .,! : tili ie KiL'ai j.uuuvviiy uiuuu iiyuinst me i iLl,: "u ,,t! v, repiy to you in detail.I white slave traffic in the fight on com-'"L the ire!,,samP,e slmply send yourIrrercializeo vice begun three years airo 1 2??a!? $?&. " JSS L -r-d- .rwell building, Monticello. 111.- . . ... "., - v..- jj "" -ui eiumi iuquest me doctor'sby the lllinoisa Vigilance Association address Is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.500Cald-in Chicago win ue evieweu soon atthe annual meeting of that organization lVhriinrv 19. nnd IS. iUmiv nnn.j victions havp been had throughcul thecountry already under the interstatestatue enacted by Conrgess and in thenine states which have passed statelaws or strengthened old ones manyculprits have been enrolled on jail landpenitentiary rosters. Clifford G. Roe,formerly assistant states attorney, hasdevoted nrjch of his time for iwoyears to prosecutions and lecturingagainst the barter and sale of girlsfor the red light reborts. Reports ofthe Vigilance Association will showthat Massachusetts, the District ofColumbia, Louisana and several otherstates have been added to those which,with Illinois and Minnesota, passedlaws under which can be stamped outthe unbelievable traffic in girls as acommodity to he caught, lured or trapped by the procurers. The associationnow has undertaken to promote theeducation of children in social hygienethat the penalties acquired In red lightresorts .will be known and guardedVarden&SoiiLet us fill yourPrescriptji o n s .pure drugs andprompt service,; Varden.& Son.. Druggist n fSALEIIIIONPINE FURSATLOWENTHAL'SThe Largest Stock in the City to Select From.Repairing and remodeling at reasonable prices.II8IM. LOWENTHaL, furrier,Fayette Phone 687-YJ-:;!"iAJULMr Aff-iJMiJ?i7amBMTtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 20, 1911.mCONTINUED FOR ONE WEEK!S A-'MM ft. M --FsM 'cOH TO -" i'1' VrsrrA ONkm'II $&2?ad WeatherConditions!That Tells the WholeStory.Beginning with the first day of the BiForced Adjustment Sale of 'theSimon Department Store it either rained orsnowed. Many found it impossible to come.Reservations over the telephone not beingsatisfactory, we have decided to continuethis wonderful Bargain GivingSale one weeklonger, upto and including Saturday, January 28th.Bigger Reductions Than EverFor this Extra Week,Choice. Anv Ladies9 Suit or Coat at SThis includes the Staple Blacks aud Grays, former Values up to $4-0.00.In making this wonderful offer we wish to convey to the full extent the necessity of turning every Woman's Suit or Coatinto cash during this sale, all this season's up-to-date garments, finely tailored and the range of styles, as well as sizes,is still quite complete. IPS THE FINAL CALL OF YOUR ATTENTION TO THE READY-TO-WEAR SECTION.1475Children's Coats, Too.A great many still left, inpractically all the staple Blues,Browns, Reds and Mixtures.Prices were originally conservative, so that to quote them atHalf Price it's indeed going thelimit to obtain the desired results.Just think it over.All Children's CoatsHALF PRICELadies' and Misses' Skirts.The stock of ladies' and Misses'Coats comprise a representativerange of both materials and colors. There are Voiles, FrenchSerges, Medium and Light Panamas, that are just the thing forearly Spring and Winter wear,the regular prices were from S5to $20. During the balance ofthis saleAll Skirts at One-Third OffRegular Price.Trimmed Hats.You might find your this season's Hat becoming a little theworse for wear, or you may needsomething for a little trip youare about to take. Our stock islimited, still there are a few verydesirable ones leftt.They've simply all got to go.HALF PRICEAnd LessFurs All Must Go.The stability of Furs is a wellassured fact. Each season seesan increase in the raw skins, until at present many have practically reached the prohibitivestage in prices. We have in stocka few Squirrels, Foxes. BlendedMinks and Lynx which mustgo. They are prime skins, because we get new furs everyyear. So they must go atAll Furs Half Price.Closing OuLt -A-ll Slioes Very Low.Every pair of Ladies', Misses' and Children's Shoes are to be closed out during this sale. The stock includes an extensive line of QUEEN QUALITYSHOES, both High and Oxfords, in plain and Patent leathers' also a few desirable Tans. There are two extra special lots on our tables that are themagnet for those who wish to economize :::::::::::::::::::LOT 1. Ladies' Shoes, regularly Selling up to $3, both mediumand light weights, they go at ..$1.48LOT 2. Is composed of Children's Shoes, ranging in sizes from5 1-2 to 2, worth regularly to $1.75, at only .95cAll $3.00 Ladies' Shoes at $2.15All the Best Ladies' Shoes, Including Queen Quality, at the Following Prices:..AU $3.50 Ladies' Shoes at $2.45 . ....A11 $4.00 Ladies' Shoes at $2.85 ... .AH $5.00 Ladies' Shoes at $3.45New White Goods, Embroideries, at Cat Price.Never before have we shown such an extensive and choice display of the making of Lingerie wear, dainty,plain or fancy striped materials, including the popular Flaxon Cloths; then the wide Flouncings, Edges and!Insertions in embroideries are called "simply grand" by the ladies who have visited this section, Then, too, the! WashLaces are causing a great deal of interest, and the good part of it isALL GO AT A CUT PRICE?H?EXTRA SPECIAL15,000 Yards Calicos to be sold at 10 yards for 39cduring the hours of 9 to 1 0 and 2 to 3 duringthe continued week of the sale.EXTRA SPECIALDress Goods,Closing Out all the Famous RedfernCorsets at the FollowingLow Prices:$3.00 Corsets at $1.984.00 Corsets at 2.485.00 Corsets at ; 2.986.00 Corsets at 3. 48S.00 Corsets at 4.9SLinens, Underwear, Hosiery, Domestics, at Wonderful Reductions.Dress Goods, Three Special Lots.Includes a Great Share of theEntire Stock.SI. 50 Dress Goods go at per yard,onlv.1.15$1.00 and $1.25 Dress Goods at peryard, only 7350c and 65c Dress Goods at peryard, only 38Muslin Underwear.We quote one lot at a price that willsurely prove a sensation. There are hereGowns, Cojset Covers and CombinationSuits that sold from $1 to $2, mostly $1.50values, all slightly mussedand go at onlyAll other New Spring Muslin Underwearat the Maker's Cost and Under.65cDOMESTICS, Etc.Genuine 10c Bleached Hope Muslin.at per yard 7 1.2cBest 8c Unbleached Cotton, full 30in. wide 6 l-2cThe Best Ladies' 3c Hemmed Handkerchiefs ar lc15c quality Fast Black Hose for women, all sizes, full fashioned,go at only 7 l-2c5.000 yards Val and Torchon Lacesand Insertions, regular 5cquality, yard 3cJ. C. PIRATHSale Conductor for theSimon Dep't StoreBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN 20, .1911.IrmANNOUNCEJ.WW iu;;:1!iJANUARY CLEARANCE SALEMuslin Underwear and White Salemi mEnds Saturday, January 28th.When we say Clearance Sale we mean a big cut in prices in every department. Good, clean merchandise at greatly reduced prices. We wish to call your attention to our beautiful, new, clean Muslin Underwear at prices that will astonish you. We will also include in this SaleSilks, Towels and Crash, Lace Curtains,Dress Goods, Counterpanes, Chiffon and Silk Waists,Wash Goods, Laces, Umbrellas,White Goods, Embroideries, Dress Skirts,Linens, Handkerchiefs, Silk Petticoats,Table Linens and Napkins. Fancy Linen Pieces. - Comforts, Blankets, Etc.We will not quote prices on the above, but as usual will be "there with the goods."LNone can undersell us Wait for this Big Sale.dFOR SALE.Foos Jr., 2-horae power gas enginein good condition. Reason for sellingwill install electric motor. Cost $125.Will sell for S60 cash. Apply tothe: bourbon news.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and" Fancy Novelties.E. Term. Thona 71o.Prediction May Have Been Verified. Otto Evans, aged 1G, was killed instantly at the Marimore mines atMiddlesboro Friday. With his father andfive other men he was being let downa monitor from the coal tipple. Asthe men swung off the boy is said toi have shouted : "Here we all go downto hell." Hardly were the words outof his mouth when the monitor fell,and the Evans boy was the victim.Clearance Sale of Millinery.We must make room for our springgoods. We need cash. We will offerI for the next two weeks our entirostock of millinery at cost and below.If you don't believe we nave bargainsi call and see. This is no idle talk.We mean business. Come early.13 4t CORNE WATSON BAI RD.caus-face.nrmmargoieii s.Lamb,Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.Kern Elected to Senate.John W. Kein, Democrat, was Tuesday eleted to the Senate by the IndianaLegislature to succeed Albert J. Beveridge. The two Houses met separately and cast their vote. Both Housesmet yesterday at noon when the votewas canvassedMr. Kern was a candidate for VicePresident on the ticket with WilliamJ. Bryan in 1908. The Republicanminority of the Legislature as its voteor Senator Beveridge.Magnet' Power.I V d(V,ll llUlOVOIIVVi 44C)llVlr U.f.l IIU1Uin suspension a weight up to twentytimes its own.Battle Royal in Schoolroom.The unusual scene'of ithree sisters,all pretty and attractive, attackingtheir teacher, a bride of only a fewweeks, was witnessed in the schoolroom at Midway, in Hancock county,recenty. The school girls were thedaughters of Trustee A. J. Aldridge,and the schoolmarm was Mrs. JamesHall.When the girls entered the schoolroom tnev declined to give the usualsalutation to their teacher and she demanded that they be more polite. Theeldest girl replied in a way thated Mrs. Hall to slap her in theThen the fight was on.The girls come trom fighting Kentucky stock and the teacher was soonon the floor. One sister had secured a"half Nelson hold," and with the freearm was pummeling the r screamingteacher "in all parts of the body. Another was sitting on the prostratedform, and a third was administeringthe most extraordinaryhair dressingthe schoolmarm ever received.Finally the teacher freed nerself andschool was quickly dismissed, as theteacher started on the search of anofiicial to swear out a warrant.The origin of the trouble dates backa few days, : when the father of thebelligerent school giils.who is trustee,filed charcf- with th shnnnl hrmnlJ against Mrs. Hall, alleging that shewas kissed in the schoolroom by heryoung husband.The triends of the young woman resented the charge and said it is noharm for a man to kiss his wife, evenif she happens to be a pretty youngschoolteacher. The charges were dismissed.Longmire a Candidate.C. W. Longmire, of Lexington, nowa Major in the Kentucky NationalGuard and an employe of the PrisonCommission, has decided to seek theDemocratic nomination for Clerk ofthe Court of Appeals. He has servedalso as Sergeant-at-Arms of the Houseof Representatives. The only otherannounced candidate is Robert L.Greene, of Frankfort.A Thought.It is of very little use to have agood kind heart ii" your manner isliaisli and unkind. Some people seemI to think that as long as one Is alllight, one's outride manner doesn'tI mat 5 or. Hut it does, because that isall J ho majority of other people haveo judge by.Exclusive."Dont you desire to be famous?""Xo," replied Mr. Gioucher. "I don'tcare to have my name in the encyclopedia along with those of whom Ido not approve in the slightest.Margolen,LParis, Ky.JMdUn Cures Strains, BruisMMwmttic es, Sprains, RheuruIstmtmmnt atic pains, Pains in' ' the Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Thrpat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoaneaeee. 25c and 50c a bottle.Reforesting Ireland.As only a little over one acre In300 of Ireland is under timber, gieatresults are expected from the refor1 esting movement now in progress.MIRRORSRE-SILVEREDBYC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, Opp.Windsor HotelUpholstering,Repairing,Refinishing.I have just received a newline of samples for upholstering covers.Very Striking."Do you approve of corporal punishment?" "Well, there are somestriking arguments for it."Foolish Question.Indian Did he mi.ss again? Guidej Of r-our.se he did. Didn't you heari him shoot? Spare Moments.W. T Brooks, Agent.Home 'Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.AfeOne Real Man.In one completed man there arforces of many men. Buhver-Lytton.Escaped With His Life."Twenty-one years ago I faced anawful death," writes H. B. Martin,Port Harreison, S. G. 4 'Doctors said1 had consumption and the dreadfulcough 1 had looked like it sureenough. I tried eveiythmg I couldhear of for my cough, aricl was underthe treatment of the best doctor inGeorgetown, S. C, for u year, butget no relief. A friend friend advised me to try Dr. King's New Discovery. I did so, and was completelycured. I feel that I owe my life tothis great throat and lung cure." Itspositively guaranteed for coughs,colds and all bronchial affections. 50cand $1.00. Trial bottle free at Ober-dorfer's.Thumb Tacks in Heels.Thuiuk tacks driven into the outside of the heel, where it is mostlikely to wear down, are the invention of a giil who was ten miles fioina .shoemaker. This would answersplendidly for the country, hut thereis darger of slipping on hardwoodflctirh or the pavcmentK.NOTICE TO CREDITORS.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Sair.anthaWalls'Assignee, etc., Plaintiffvs.Her creditors, etc., Defendants.NOTICE.All persons having claims, createdprior to the 29th day of November,1909, against Mrs. Samantha Walls orher assigned estate, are notified thatthey must present same to the undersigned properly proven, prior to the15th day of '; February, 1911, or thesame will be barred by the order ofthe court.RUSSELL MANN,M. C. Bourbon Circuit Court.20 3t eotScrofula disfigures andcauses life-long misery.Children becomestrong and lively whengiven small doses ofScott's Emulsionevery day. The starvedbody is fed; the swollenglands healed, and thetainted blood vitalized.Good food, fresh air andScott's Emulsion conquer scrofula and manyother blood diseases.. FOR SAI.E BY AI.I, DRUGGISTSSend 10c., name of paper and this ad. forour beautiful Caings Bank and Child'sSketcb-Book. Kach bank contains aGood Iuck PennjSCOTT BOWNE. 40 P.arl St., N. Y.Public Sale of 35 Tennessee Jersey CowsON SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1911,At 2 p. m., at T. G. Morris' Livery Stabie, Paris, Ky.I will sell 35 high-grade milk cows. Twenty of these cows havecalves by side and 15 springers due to calve in ten or fifteen days.They are all young cows with second and third calves.Tennessee Jerseys need no introduction in this State, morethan four hundred having been sold in this county alone. Havingbeen selected with great care, this is the best herd ever shippedto this point, such families as the Flying Fox, Golden Lads and St.Lamberts being represented. They are light fawn, golden anddark colored, well formed and the rich butter producing qualitiesof these cows are well known. These cows will be at Morris'stable two days previous to sale for public inspection. If you arein the market for a good milk cow, don't forget the date and attend this sale, for every cow will be sold to the highest bidder.Certificates for the tuberculosis test furnished with each one.bale to take place rain or shine.GEO. MONTGOMERY, Knoxville, Tenn.Geo. D. Speakes, Auct.&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&iiiifgmTI A Proclamation To You. 1Aty.42LT"in Announcement uf Low Prices.We can save you money on dependablemerchandise. We simply ask you tocall at our store, get our prices and compare them with the prices you may haveon .same goods, and you will then beconvinced that our prices are lowest.FORD & COParis, Ky.vA..,'.i .." - . 1-."f:-TOE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY. JANl 20, 19ll.m BOURBON NEWS.60r&GOODS OF QUALITYEVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSPEISOHAL MENTION'.False Alarm.An alarm from Box 34 called out ithe tire department Wednesday night jat ten o'clock. The alarm proved tohe false.Fire and Tornado Insurance, tif Thomas & Woodford.Van Meter Visits Paris. !Mr. Joe Clay Van Meter, of Fayette:county, a canuidate for the Democrat Iic nomination for State Treasurer, was jin the city Tuesday in the interest ofhis candidacy.Big Reductions.J T. Hinton is makirg big reductionin comforts, blankets and wall paper.Mr. Harry Clay is at Martinsville,Ind, fcr a t hort stay.Mrs. Ftank Clay is a visitor inCincinnati for a few days.-Mr. Robt. Dejarnett 13 quite ill athis heme near this city with rheumatism.'" UUUIC3 VH.1IJ11C1I, iuiuicn VL iParis, is quite ill at his home in Cyn-thiana.Miss Nellie Lovely, of Lexington,is tliR guest of her sister, Mrs. AlexTingle.-Miss Cora SouthBond, of St Louis,Mo., will arrive Saturday to be theguest of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall.Mr. J. D. McClintock left Tuesdayfor Vinita, Okla., where he will vistMr. and Mrs. J. S. Wilson and take ahunting trip.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Board haverented the McKimey property on thecorner of Sixth and Pleasant streetsand will shortly move.CALL ANOTHER MEETINGRepresentatives of Tobacco UnionWill Meet Growers in ParisTomorrow Afternoon.ASK GROWERS TO PLEDGE.Four Blacks Escape.Joe Smith Creighton Smith.Tora Halland Val Hudson, all negroes, escapedfrom the Fayette county jail sometime Monday night.Hudson, who is facing a term of Ixiuiii iwu iu live jrcaia jii nic pcuucirtiary for robbery, returned Tuesdaymorning. The other three are still atlarge, and Jailer W. T. Bal.linger hasoffered a reward of $25 each for theirapprehension.This is the second escape that Joe,Smith has made within a year. !IAnnounceNews of Tobacco Growers FromOther Counties Where Cut-Out Has Been Considered.Box Supper.A box supper and package sale 'willbe given for the benefit of the Knightsand ladies of the Maccabees of Parism the K. of P. hall Monday r.ight,January 23, 1911, at !:?) o'clock.F.erybcdy invited.Cash Raising SaleMrs. Agnes Wollstein, who has jbeen the guest of Mr. and Mre. L.IWollstein, in this city, has returned toher home in Harrodsburg.Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Donaldson andchildren of Texas, are visiting the latter 's parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. P.Hums, at their home on West Secondstreet.--Dr. J. S. Wallingford, who has;ben under treatment at Dr. Rickett sHosp'tal in Cincinnati, has sufficientlyrecovered to return home and resumehis practice.n order to convert ourcLsh and make room for our spring !poeds we will for the next two week3 joffer all our millinerv at cost .and be-11f Call early and cet some of therare bargains. Nothing charged.U At CORNE WATSON BAIRD.The many friends of 'Mrs. Grover !Ftock into Baldwin, who suffered painful injuries1 ist Sunday by falling through a cellardoer at her home on Fifteenth street,will be glad to learn that sho is improving rapidly.Buys Fayette Farm.Mr. Ed Rash has purchased the JohnT, Denton farm five miles from Lexington, on the Richmond and WalnutKill pike, and will move to his newhome on March 1. The farm is oneof the best in Fayette county, and contains 200 acre.. The price paid for thefarm, while a good one, was not given'Lt.Brass Beds.J. T. Hinton's sale of brass bed andbeds of all kinds will interest you and.save you money.The Best.Try one of those Vacum cleanersthat J. T. Hinton is selling. They arethe best."BeSo' de Wah."Our Befo de Wah" molassesn equal ; sixty cents per gallon.C. P. COOK COInjured in Auto Accident.hasNews has just Le n received by relat aves here of an auto accident inv.nich Mr. R. S. Thompson, of Ama- do, Texas, formerly of Paris, waspLi ltully injured. .Mr. inompson and mvariatwo friends were retiming to A ma- who payPoisoning Dogs.During the past several days a number of dois have been poisned as a result of the promiscous distribution of"dog buttons" throughout the city.i and among the number were severalLvaluable cannies.The practice of distributing poisonto all parts of the city in an effort toget rid of worthless curs has heen followed for several years and with atelling effect. The guilty partiesshould bejiunted put and severely punished. There is to our mind nothing moreinhuman than to :ause the. death of adumb brute by poisoning. A few days; ago a valuable bird dog, the propertyl ot one of our most prominent sports. men, died from poison that he had eaten, and which was intended for the"worthless cur."It is a fact that there are too many Ij mongrel? in our city, butN where poison jI is put out for them the valuable dog ishly the one to suffer. The manys tax'on his dog has no protec-The tobacco growers of Bourboncounty will hold a meeting at the courthouse tomorrow afternoon at 1 o'clock.At the meeting some of the jnew Burley Tobacco Union's best speakers willbe present and the work of securingsignatures to the cut-out pledges willbe actively begun.Those of the growers who were inthe convention held in this city lastSaturday afternoon, claim that no opportunity was given lor a discussion ofthe subject before the convention, andthat not one opposed to growing a crupthis year was given a chance to beheard before the convention adjourned.The manner in which the conventionwas conducted left considerable discontent among those in favor of thecut-out movement with the result thatanother convention was called for tomorrow afternoon to test the sentiments of the growers on the cut-outproposition and to secure the pledgesof the Bourbon county growers.No rough-riding tactics on the partof eitl er the cut-out or pool advocateswill be permitted, but every man present who desires to express an opinionwill be given an .opportunity to doso. It is expected this meeting willbe one of the largest and most successful on record in this county.$ tjf 4? ff ?? 4f rt fU 4? 4? tjf jS3,l.llo, when the machine in which thny , ti in whatever for Jhis animal and forvere riding from some unaccountable ( this reason alone something should he jiranner turned turtle. The two men ' done to prevent poison from being diswho were in company withJMr. Thomp- tributed.sia escaped without injury but the la'g The city officials should provide It-r suffered a number of severe some means of getting rid of the hun-BUSY IN NICHOLAS.The work of securing pledges for thecutting out of the 1911 tobacco crophas been begun in earnest by thegrowers of Nicholas county. W. H.McCarthy, the Nicholas county representative on the Burley Tobacco Unionboard of directors, has appointed threeand in some cases four soli tors in eachprecinct to canvass their districts andgive every landlord and tenant achance to-sign the pledge.AGAIN IN JESSAMINE.The tobacco groweis of Jessaminecounty have asked Campaign ChairmanBradley Wilson to hold another meeting in Nicholasville tomorrow lookingforward to securing pledges for thecut-out. A meeting is scheduled to beheld in Versailles on the same day.AGAINST CUT OUT.The tobaccj growers of Andersoncounty held meeting at Lawrenceburgvoted against the "1911 cut-out" proposed by the Burley Tobacco Union.4.it-.T7yReductionsJLeather&W. Ed. Tucker'sH January Clearance Sale2 Muslin Underwear and White Sale,Begins Monday, Jan. 23,Ends Saturday, Jan. 28.See Big Advertisement on AnotherPage.:ays.These Prices are forThis Month only.$ 3.00 Bags, $ 2.254.00 Bags, 3.00-5.00 Bags, 3.758.50 Bags, 6.50 411.00 Bags, 8.5011.50 Bags, 8.7512.50 Bags, 9.5013.50 Bags, 10.254No goods charged at fthese prices."-a. u '- 'wvM ts r '-'int.:xfiT.7 I) .0 ,"ifi.spjfi'.rs-Ifz.tf j iffi ! r j 4 fr ii 'jI W. Ed. Tucker.ifliBaM1 IP1 Cash Soecials For IE E W Tuesday and Wednesday.Royal Baking Powder, 1 lb. cans 44cRegular 50cRoval Bakiner Powder. 1-2 lb. cans 22c"Rpcmlar 9nrI Burnett's Pure Extract Vanilla 25c IRegular 35cCoffee, Chase & Sanbornes, per lb 25c 5Regular 30cW Flour, best patent, per 100 lbs $2.90 WS Flour, best patent, per 50 lbs $1.45 ACorn Meal, per bushel 75cI Corn Meal, per peck 20cPotatoes (Northern Stock) per bushel 75c IPotatoes (Northern Stock) per peck 20clea, u. (Jc a. tLrun rowaerj per id , oucTea, C. & S. (Gun Powder) per 1-2 lb 25cJelly, Pure Grape, per jar ., 9cCatsup, per bottle 9c20 to 25 per cent. Saved by Paying Cash.L FEE'S CASH GROCERY.bruists but is not thought toojsly hurt.Nice Fowls.Nice fat dressed chickens for todayand tomorrow atT. C. LENI HAN'S,Robneel Grocery.Sale is Well Attended.be seri- dreds of worthless dogs that roam the istreets, but in a human manner. Adog pound snould be provided and the .canines taken upon on which there is !no tax paid, should be put to death. ,Great Shoe Sale.Follow the crowd to the great shoesale atDAN COHEN'S.Received Daily.Spinach and Kale graens receiveddaily. Phone us your order. jSAUER. IParisby Rich.At the public sale of J. F. anc Har-ry H. Clay, administrators of the lateHume Clay, at his home Wednesday,in (Mark county, high prices were obtained for almost everything offered.The sale biought out one of the bigi est crowds ever seen in the county at Ia public sale and when Auctioneer I(Zan n Ni-oaL-nB jinnnnnrprl rh tpvmcf the sale he had a sea.of faces before j Since the opening of the basket "ballI im. The first thing sold was a line season the students of the Pai is High jcf farm implements, which brought1 school have felt the exultation of onerood prices and from that time until' victory as well as the remorse of onethe close Colonel Speakes was kep t ; defeat. The girls of the High Schoolbusy.Team Defeated-mond.Good Asparagus Cheap.Try our asparagus, 13 cents single ican, $1.U0 per dozen.C. P. COOK & COVersailles Minister Called.The Rev. O. O. Green, pastor of theBaptist church of VersaiMes, was extended a call by the congregation ofthe Paris church, following the recommendation by the officers to the congregation at the services Sunday.in the initial game of the season defeated the female five from Richmond !by the score of 31 to 6. 'Thn bnys made their debut last Sat-urday evening when they matched, strength with the husky bunch from 'Caldwell High School. The game was'. a hot one from start to finish. Theteams were curiously matched, each jI was strong where the other was weak.The Moor work of the Paris team wasexceptionally good for the time of the Iseason, but their inability to connectwith the baskets was painfully .evident. While the Richmond team dis-1played no team work whatever .theyinevitably succeeded in dropping-theRev. Green ha; taken the matter under consideration and his acceptance is . haH Jn the ba'sket every time it came-toipeetezi oy tne jrans cnutcii. omte jn at direction.Kev. u. w. laiKe was caneu to cue Af thp iri nf thp f:r5i. hlf th nrthe indicabasket ballchurch at Henderson, the Paris churchhas 'been without a pastor. Threeweks ago their new temple of worfchip was dedicated and feeling theneed of an excellent minister to asume the pastorate, the call was extended to Rev. Green. Should his acceptance be f( rthcoming he will enteren his duties the first of Feburari.McCormick Sold.Milton McCormick. who it westhought by many would be the mairstay of the Bourbunite pitching stafffor the season of 1911, has bsen sold totne Albany club of the South AtlanticLeague according to information tfivenout oy President Bacon of the Parisc:iuh.Last season McCormick led the Blue Chisholm. Horton.Grass League twirlers with a per rcent Referee Prof. Kelly, of Richmond ;'.f 850. He fielded at 900 and batted 4 time of halves 20 minutes,at :I04 being one of the three Paris The next game for the boys will bef. layers to hit above the 300 mark. ' played with te Eastern KentuckyLate in the season he suffered an at State Normal. The girls are scheduledtack of typhoid fever andnad not fully to play at Maysville next Saturday,l-Hfnvfrorl whpn the season closed. A January 21. They will leave Paris inistood 14 to 3 in favor of Richmond.The final score was 22 to 10 in favor ofRichmond. Had the Paris team played the game they did at the last itwculd have been a different story. Inthe last half the Paris team madethirteen points . to their 'opponentseight.Should the future fulfilltions of the present theteams of the Paris High School are assured of their share of the laurels in ithe contests yet J.o he. The line-upwas as follows:Richmond Forwaids, Guinbert, Ccl- ,lins: center, Slagle; guards, Scandlin,I Powell.Paris Forwards, Thompson, Rassen-foss. Salohin ; center, Santen ; guards,number who have seen McCorn icklately say he has gained in weight andlooks to be in excellent physicial condition. He will no douht make a goodshowing in the South Atlantic.Will Preach at Hopewell.Thp Rev. Dr. McCorkle, of Nichclvii!ef will preach at the Hopewellchur-h Sundav. January 22. at whichtime commanion'services will be held, j Building.the morning and return that night.The game scheduled for next Friday '' night, January 2, between the girlsof tho -Lexington High School teamand the Paris High School team is being looked forward to- with no little' interest and enthusiasm. In all proba-; bility it will be one of the hardestfought games ol the season. Thegame will be called at 7:3U in thegymnaisum of the Paris Public SchccIA Progressive Banking Institution. .As a result of the progressive andconservative business methods theAgricultural Bank of Paris, occupiesan enviable and conspicious positionamong ;the banking institutions ofCentral Kentucky.Organized in 1876. with a capital of$100,000 with Hiram Roseberry aspresident, Henry Spears as cashierand John J. McClintock '.individualbookkeeper, to guide its destinies therecord of the bank in the magnitudeofits business has been phenomenal.A retrospective glance covering thelast ten years, shows that the bank'sgross earnings foot up the magnificentsum of $248,212.25. The fund for taxaccount for the same period was $36,899.06, while to depositors an aggregate of $100,000 was paid out in cashdividends.What is true of the past ten years istrue of the thirty years the bank hasbeen in existence and nD financial institution of the South, presents a moresubstantial bulwark of safety and success to its patrons than that of theAgricultural Bank.Had the bank paid out the averagef jur per cent in dividends an additional twenty thousand dollars could havebeen added to its already large surplus, which is now nearly three-fourthsas large as its original capital stock,and had the manage nent, as someother like institutions have done passed their dividends for a period of fiveyers, the bank would now occupy theenvible record of having larger surplus than its original capital stockAt a recent meeting of the stockholders the old Board of Directorswere re-elected with Mr. W. W.Hall as the new member, succeedinghis father, the late Francis Hall. Thefollowing directors were elected : W.H. Anderson, J. D. McClintock, JohnMarston, N. Kriener, J. Y. Bedford,J. W. Davis. W. W. Hall. J. T. Hinton, W. H. Renick.The directors met a few days agoand re-elected the present officers, J.W. Da is president; John J. McClintock, cashier; T. V. Alien, individualbookkeeper, and V. A. Grimes.generalbookkeeper.Mr. McClintock has rounded out sixteen year as cashier, having succeededthe late Henry Spears, lafter servingfourteen years as individual bookkeeper. Interpreter Used in Court.For the first time in Ithe history ofBourbon county jurisprudence, aninterpreter wa3 used to convey i to thecourt and jury the testimony of aforeigner.The case was that of the Commonwealth, vs. Dan Chinn and MaggieClay, both negroes, who were on trialbefore Justice L. J. Fretwell, chargedwith robbing Tosto Vincenzo, anItalian laborer eniploypd with a largenumber of his countrymen in excavating work now in progress in the southyards of the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad.. K. Costonza, who is "ne of the foremen in charge of the Italiatns. actedas official interpreter. Chinn and thenegro woman were held tu the grandjury m the sum of $300.InyBRASS BEDS-IRON BEDS-WOODEN BEDSWf&fAll in a row at our store waitingfor you to make your choice.BRASS BEDS look very much the same when they arenew. In a few months most of them are black-streakedand horrid. You e;:n fount on one hand the brass bedmanufacturers who know how to lacquer brass so that itwill stay bright. We buy from one of them.We think we have an exceptionally pretty assortment of designs. Come and see what you think.IRON BEDS plain white brass trimmed pink orblue enamel we can sell you any kind, and you will agree,when you see them, that each is an exceptional value.WOODEN BEDS in good grades are coming back into style. They are made better now. The new onesare really as clean and sanitary as brass or iron, andthey often look prettier, as you will find when yousee ours.Whatever kind of bed voiibuv, vou surely must have aSTEARNS & FOSTER MATTRESS if you would be reallycomfortable. Made in four grades of superiority (you can proveit by GO nights trial), 10.50 $22.50.1ISee My WindowTake advantage now of these- pricesBrass Beds from $12 50 up.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286.J. T. HINTON,Paris, Kentucky.IIft, --""THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY JAN. 20, 1911r-- . 1-,-uVERIFY-IT.The Proof is in Paris Almost atYour Boor.Wcctauexlcr ChimescVX'Vf' ''L-'lf -1I:Iti!IfmJTUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede Hall Clock as a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of furniture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alike to'utility, refinement, and musical taste. Theperfect movement insures correctness of time;the solid oak or mahogany case, with classiclines, conforms to good taste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals of WhilUngton orWestminster, serve as a pleasing reminder ofthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, ail showingthe moons phases in the dhl aich. We aresales agents for The Herschede Hall ClockCo. of this city, and will scrA illustrated catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can purchase siisof Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Pklc,Gold and Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clocks, Etc.,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence ioliciled.Silversmiths Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Street, East,- Cincinnati, Ohioa,-rwr-H . (il i I$75 to $750The public statement of Paris citizen is in itself strong pruo for Parispeople, but confirmaiion strengthensthe evidence. fcPl IHere is a Paris citizen who testifiedyears ago that Doan's Kidney Pillsrelieved sick kidneys and now statesthe cure was permanent. Can anysufferer from kidney ills ask betterproof? You can investigate. The caseis right at home.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Eleventh ai dMain streets, Paris, Ky.,says: "Kidney trouble in my case was brought onby a fall I received two years ago. Myback ached until I thought it wouldbreak and sharp twinges often shotthrough my kidneys as if someone werehitting me. I tried various remedies,but could not find relief until I procured Doan's .Kidney Pills at Wilson'sdrug store." After f using them 01 eweek, I felt like a different womanand I was soon completely cured. Igave a statement for publication in1903, telling of my experience and atthis time I am 'glad to confirm all 1tien said in praise of Doan's KidneyPills. I think more highly of themtian ever."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co.,' Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.I Remember the name Doan's and, take no other.id You Ever Think It Over?Tli t n Tnnn ran do what is rierht in anv kind of business. Six yearsago, when 1 first came to this city, you had parties in the same line ofmv business that did about ten per cent, of the business 1 am doingmyto-day.y---?-S?3Mi Do You Know the ReasonWhy?i- Sf VSTIt's because I give one and all that deals 'with me asquare, honest deal. I owe my success in business to the fact that Ialways give correct, honest weight and the highest market price.IF1YOU EVER HAVE ANYscrap iron, metals, rubber, rags, hides, tallow, furs, etc., to offer, seeme before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I vvillgladly send my wagons for junk toany part of the city or county.MAX MUNICK,Eighth St., Paris, KyThe Goosebone Prophet.A Frankfort man is the proud possessor of a goose bone, and the abilityto interpret its predic.ions. It showsthat from the middle of this month until the samep.time in February the conditions will be such as to : bring broadsmiles to the contenances of every coaldealer. After that he claims warmrains and spring-like weather will prevail, groundhog or no groundhog. Thegoose bone, he reiterates, has thegroundhog beat to ra frazzle when itcomes to forecasting atmosphericchanges.Finding a four-leaf clover means finding good luck.Using a Cloverleaf manure spreader insures perfect fertilization for your soil. Perfect fertilization means bumper crops.You want them, and we want you to have them. You can havethem if you will come to us and get a Cloverleaf manurespreader. It is the best spreader on the market, and if youcall we -will explain wherein it excels. If you are not justexactly sure what machine you want to buy, call anyway andwe will explain why the use of a manure spreader will increaseyour profits, and why a Cloverleaf manure spreader will saveyou money. We are saving a catalogue for you.Won't you call and get it today?Rmirtmi Garage and Supply Company.TjSKill More Than Wild Beasts.! Parson's Poem a Gem.j From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, Allison, ila., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:i "They're such a health necessity,I In every home these pills should bej If other kinds you've tried in vain,1 USE DR. KING'SI And be well again."I Only 25 cents at Obertlorfer's.East Tenn. Phone 374.(22oot-lmo)FOR RENT.The number of peodle killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, evenfood. But grand protection is afforded by Electric Bitters, which destroy ( Jand expel these deadly disease germs 45from the system. That's why chills,fever and ague, all malarial andmany blood diseases j ield promptly ito this wonderful blood purifier. Trythem, and enjoy the glorious health Iand new strength they'll give you.Money back it not satisfied. Only 50eat Oberdorfer's.Whero It Comes From.He "What is the derivation of theword aviation?" She "It's simply abig word for plane sailing.WVWWVWMWWVWWWiWMftmIKJFlKllSjr lKSr tt vJCswmmwmmmmwTwin Bros.Announce TheirJanuary ClearanceFORSaturday, 14th,On Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Cloaks, Skirts,Furs, Shoes, Millinery, Skirts, Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silks, Blankets, Etc.Twc story brick residence with ninerooms, halls, porches, pantry and allnecessary outbuildings. Good location. Apply toDENIS DUNUON.Searching for Radium.So radioactive is the water suppliedthe city of Belgrade that scientistsare searching its source for radium.mI3SMaster's Sale-0F-House & Lot in Paris,Ky.Ends Winter's Troubles.To manj winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and lingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,red and rough skins, prove this. Butsuch troubles fly before Bucklen'sArnica Salvo. A trial convinces.Greatest healer of burns, boils, piles,cuts, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains.O11I3 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.O. R. TURNER(Successor to O. R. Turner & Co.)DEALER INGOOD COAL.Now is the time, during the early season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this whiter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Ynur orders respectfully solicited.O. R. TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58.wmtmMmwmwmKwmtmtmw?mfmDooley on Judiciary, tMr. Dooley's opinion of the Amerl-'can judiciary: "It is as fine u body Iof indignant and Irritable men as are Ito be found anywhere in the land."TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!1VBKDon't Forget theCashRaising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin Bros?r-PR8MMMMClothing and Shoe DepartmentHarry Simon's Old, Stand.iV'llffiMffimSRuKffiiffilBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.Alice Crick, Plaintiff,vs.iMary Sidener, Defendant..By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled actoin at the November, 1910.term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will, onSaturday, January 21, 1911,a at the courthouse door in Paris, Ky ,about the hour of 11 o'clock a. in., sellat public auction to the highest and1 bpst bidder, on a credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, the property described in said judgment and ordered to be"sold in this action, to-wit:I A certain house and lot situated oni Main street, Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, near the southern limits ofthe city of Paris, fronting1 on theMaysville and Lexington turnpike road68 feet, beginning at the line of Mrs.N. Wood, formerly R. T. Davis, run1 ning N. with said pike fiS feet, thence. back from said pike in a Westerlydirection a distance of 297 feet, thenS. G8 feet, then E. 297 feet to the beginning, and adjoining Mrs. Wood enthe one side and Mrs. Sharron on the1 other side, neing the same propertyconveyed by the Paris Cemetery Com-pany to Sarah E. Sidener by deed ofI date October 18, 1888, of record in theBourbon County Clerk's oflice in Deed.Book 70, page. 483.The purchaser will be required toI execute bonds for the purchase pricej with good surety bearing interest from1 day of sale until paid and payable to1 the undersigned Master Commissioner.The share of the infant defendant,I Mary Sidener, shall not be paid by thepurchaser, but shall remain a lien on; the property until she arrives at age,or until a guardian shall qualify andexecute bond as required by the CivilCode.RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.TALBOTT & WHITLEY,Attorneys.M. F.:KENNEY, Auctioneer.3 10 17 244,Beginning of Development. 'When the fight begins within him- 'self, n man'b worth something.Browning.How's This.We oiler One Hundred Dollars Reward for an' ease of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.We. the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last lo years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to cany out any obligations made bv his iirm.WALDING. KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Testimonials sent free. Price75 cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists. Take Hall's Familj7 Pills for constipation.SALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-ClassTi OKTU3VIE3VTSWe are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in every particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thehtock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and granite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.Wm. Jldams & Son42 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIOHMMBIIBoth PhonesJSTOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanEndures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a. fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.malleablemIAnd Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedJStovo Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utonsials.Give Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street- Dri Kv.. j - . 17 Hm 9iJSWsWnSVI' ,x.2 A.iff '. ' . . . ,..wnfiiri I'Mitim-iiiimXt- ,,KvlBr65id?'&.saI'llTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 20, 1911.6. S. VARDEN & SON, Druggists- - - Great Advertising Offering - - -Free Examination"tCVO V ft&S.For One Week, BeginningMonday, January 23.Free Examination9$5.00 Gold Filled Spectacles andEyeglasses For $1.00For One Week, BeginningMonday, January 23.Two Eyesight Specialists to Wait on Yoa.In order to advertise our store, we have decided to sacrifice all profit and offer these regular $5.00 Gold Glasses,carefully fitted to the eyes at theunheard-of price ofS1.00NOTICEThese frames are absolutely gold-filled, not gold-plated.They occupy the same place in the optical trade as Rogers'Bros. 1847 do in the silverware line; as Elgin or Walthamdo in the watch business, and are guaranteed by themanufacturer to wear TEN YEARS. All standard stylesof frames.Come early in the day and earlyin the week and and secure thebest selection.Glasses with or without rims,ACT QUICKLYAs This Sale is For One Week Only.We will gladly refund your Money if youare not satisfied with your purchaseduring this sale.Opportunity of a Lifetime.Every pair guaranteed to give satisfaction. Lenses exchangedfree of charge, and all lenses guaranteed against breakagefor one year.Guarantee Given With Every Pair Sold.Low Prices for Prescription, Bifocal Lenses and Finger Piece.G & Varden & Son,IDrxigf gristsMAIN STREET SEE WINDOW DISPLAYOpen evenings until 8 p. m. ; Saturday until 10 p. m.We Can Duplicate AnyLenses Made.You will secure a perfect examination of your eyes by anexpert optometrist or refractionist, as your case may require. You can be sure your glasses will be perfectly correct in every way, even though they were bought at theridiculously low price of -f ,QQfc2 ! JtVS JRtcS 5CS JS 5VS iKfiY ! K.7Vi P27V 22TW &7W Kfl ImmmmmmmmmkiWhat You Can Get For $1.00A gold frame fitted to your face. Any style you desire;distance or reading glasses that will serve you for years:freedom from headache and eye pains that come from defective vision; the satisfaction that you have gotten allthis and saved a nice sum of monev.Remember the Place and Date,Monday, Jan. 23.mmmmm.mmmmMASTER'S SALEOFBourbon County Farm.Tell You Where You Can Save a DollarsWouldn't You Like to Know?At the A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE STORE, the Store that you ought to know,the'Store an acquaintance with which will profit you much.Where goods of quality reasonably priced abound, where you are assured carefuland painstaking store service, and all you desire is yours on the easiest payments.Ccme then, let us show you how well and faithfully we can serve you. Won't you?A'Bitf Cut in ChKforobes," like cut $18.75Buffets at Prices Paris and Bourbon people neverhad before, $12 up t? $48.ui i uv t'lll fj liBi wM 2 tBTji rf " i , . l 111 MmA. F. WHEELER FURNITUREMa n and .Third Streets. CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court Honss.9BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.The Bourbon Bank, Plaintiff,vs.W. H. Squires, etc., Defendants.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the November term,1910, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will onMonday, Feb. 6, 1 9 1 1 ,at the coart house door in the city ofParis, Ky., at about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., sell at public auction tothe hicrhest and best bidder, on a creditof six and twelve months for eoualparts of the purchase money, the landdescribed in the judgment and ordered to be sold in ihis action, or enoughhereof to satisfy plaintiff's debt, interest and costs including cost of sale, towit: "The farm now owned and occupiedby W. H. Squires, lying in Bourboncounty, Kentucky, on both sides of theParis and Little Rock pike, adjoiningthe lands of Hamilton heirs, EdsellClark, Jesse Booth, L. A. Soper, containing 159 acres and 9 poles. Onehundred acres thereof was conveyed tohis mother, Sallie Squires, by W. P.Pierce, by deed of record in the officecf the Clerk of the County Court, inDeed Beok 56, page 676; 135 acres thereof was conveyed to her by Jesse Fishback, Deed Book 59, page 117, less 75acrea conveyed by her to Jesse Fishback, Deed Book 63, page 50. Upondeath of Sallie Squires without ' a will,said 160 acres and 9 poles passed to V.H. Squires, her only child and heir atlaw, subject to the life estate ofSquires, his father. Said life estatewas conveyed to Bryan & Fishback,andby them reconveyed to W. H. Squires,Deed Book 78, page 48, Book 77, page112, one acre was conveyed to CommcnSchool District No. 37, Book 85, page380, for a more particular descriptionof which reference is made to saiddeedsThe purchaser will be required to execute bonds with good surety, bearinginterest at the rate of six per cent,per annum from day of sale until paid,payable to the undersigned MasterCommissioner.This sale will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interesr amountingon the dav of sale to the sum of$2,698.31, and tn costs of this actionincluding the costs of sale amountingto the sum of $107. oo, amountingin the aggregate to the sum of 2,805.86RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.TALBOTT & WHITLEY, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, A"ctioneer.(ll-18-25jan-lfeb)MASTERS SALEOF-123 Acres of BourbotCounty Land.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT. 'Lizzie Reeves' Administratrix, etc.,vs. Plaintiffs,Alberta Reeves, etc., Defendants.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the November term,1910, of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will, onMONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1911,at the courthouse door in Paris, Ky.,about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., sellt public auction to the highest andbest bidder, on a credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, the land described innid judgment and ordered to be soldjnthis action, to-wit:"A certain tract of land situated inBourbon county, Kentucky, near Ruddles Mills, containing 123 acres and 7poles of land. Beginning at a stake onthe bank of Hinkston creek on linewith lowest vegetation as far as it follows the creek, being station 12, as thecreek meanders N 7 V 84.68, N C W25.27 poles. N 7J2' W 20 60 poles, NZSX t; 14. To poles, N 54 E 20 poles. N84 J4 E 17.40 poles, S 76 j E 24.66 poles,S 59 E 22.92 poles, S 52 E 14.66 poles.S 72 E 34.85 poles, S 813 E 26.48 poles,N 75 E 3.33 poles to East side of stonefence; then leaving the creek S 5J E95.21 poles to a post corner to Mrs.Collins; thence S S2 W 153.94 poles tothe beginning."The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds with good surety, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent.per annum from day of sale until paid,payable to the undersigned MasterCommissioner.RUSSELL MANN, ,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.TALBOTT & WHITLEY,Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.(41-lS-25jan)Always on Hand.You can hunt trouble and find fiftytimes as much as you want; happiness, and a hundred times less. NeiT.York Press.Butter Most Nutritious. 'Analysts say that butter is the mostnutritious article of diet, and that'becon comes nextThe Kind of Bird.When women whisper scandal anasay a little bird told them, it's a safebet that tae little biri was a lyre.. 9 s .Hard to Let Go.Those who make their raoneyvpealong way experience some diMcJtytl'letting it go at all. -"Beyond Price.Precious beyond price areresolutions; valuable beyo4ocA feelisgs Haweis.Pwfw -" ""' " rvTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 20, 1911,' 'f-v fft:uti-!iitfixHAS MO SUBSTITUTE1531tsffiiiwaMARRIEDLOUSVLLEMiss Mabel Ball, o Millersburg.Becomes the Wife of Mr. A.C. Strode, of Arizona.&VKINM'ROHAN-LAVIN NUPTIALS.Elder Carey E. Morgan to Lecture For the Christian LadiesNews in Millersburg.POWDERAbsolutely PureThm omiy baking powdermmdrn from Royal GrapoOrmam of TartarMAUM.N0 UME PHOSPHATENo Franchise.Unless the East Tennessee Telephone Company consents to charge therates in Frankfort fixud by ordinancethe telephone company must removeits poles and lines, as the Court of Appeals I uesday decided :tnat the com-Miss Mahel ball, of this plce. andMr. A. C. Strode,of Chester, Montana,were quietly married in LouisvilleWednesday afternoo- by Rev. H. R.Laird, of Linden, formerly pastor ofthe Presbyterian church here. Mr.and Mrs. Strode have gone to Floridawhere they will remain during thewinter. They will return to Millersburg in the spring before going toMontana. Miss Ball was accompaniedto Louisville on Tuesday by her sister,Miss Alfa Bali, and brother, Mr. Carlton Ball. The wedding party wasentertained during tneir stay there byMr. Clarence Ball, brother of thebride.The Advocate of Carlisle containedthe following: "The wedding of Mr.Charles Lavin, of Millersburg, andMiss Ella McRohan, of this city, tookplace today, 7:30 a. m. at the Catholicchurch "in this city, Father JohnAdelsoercrer officiating. Mr. Lavin is'section boss of the Maysvilie and Parispany has no iraucmse. mere is noif1''1' V rf-u -doubt that the company can secure a ! J? P?fulr J man. The htme-tc-franchiseif it will agree to be govern- " the ,a.Shtcr. Mr- anfd Mrs;edDy the City Council in ordinance. I John McRohan, of this county, andbut if the cot pany consents to such raany fr,ends who wish her muchan arrangement oiher cities will fol- . happiness For a number u yp-is sheCummins. This young toiirl- leftj immediately after the ceremony fort their future home in Millersburg."low the lead of Frankfort.He Sew Wood.The tramp who was told to saynothing and saw wood the next morning knocked at another door but saidnothing because he saw wood.ItwithIt Surely Is.Is a great thing to be satisfiedwhat we have. Edward Bok.Cheer Up.Employment and hardships preventKielnncholy. Johnson.Elder Carey E. Morgan, of Paris,will deliver a series of three lectures1 on his recent trip to the holy Lands1 for the ladies of the Christian churchat the church on Monday, Tuesday andThursday evenings of next week beginning at 7:30 o'clock. The lectureswill be illustrated. He has delivereda number of these lectures and theyhave been well received. Season tickets 50 cents, single admission 25 cento,childien under twelve 10 cents at thedoor. Take advantage of this opportunity and attend the entire series.t Elder Morgan will not only instructbut entertain you. It will be moneywell spent, besides you will be helpingtne ladies in a noble cause. Don'tforget the date.Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Shaw spentThursday and Friday in Cincinnati.Miss M. B. Clark and Mrs. J. G.Lynch are confined to their homes withthe grippe.Miss Carrie Mann, of Carlisle, is theguest of the family of James Conwaynear this city.Mr. W. C. Collins received his finaldegree in the I. O. O. F. lodge Monday night, at Paris.Miss Bettie Wood went into theBourbon Home Telephone ExchangeWednesday to learn the work.Mr. and Mrs. W. T. McConnell, ofMt. Olivet, '.were guests of Mr. andMrs. Aaron McConnell from Wednesday until Friday.Mrs. Russell Mitchell, who underwent a slight operation last week atSt. Joseph's hospital in Lexington, returned Monday much improved.Mr. V. E. Price, telegraph operatorfor the L. & N. at Berea and who formerly rilled the same position here, isthe guest this week of Miss Sarah Alcorn. During the next thirty days we willsell all queenswaie and cut glass atrgeatly reduced prioes. Call earlywhile you have the best assortment toselect from.20 3t LOUIS VIMONT.Mr. McDaniel, of Little Rock, entered school at M. M. I. Monday. Col.Best is receiving numbers of lettersdnilv makincr inouiry in regard !to theschool. The outlook for next year ismore than flattering.Elder F. W. Troy received his fellowcraft degree in Amity Lodge No.40 F. & A. M., Tuesday night. Themembers responded nicely and quite alarge number was present. The business meeting which preceded the special work was interesting. The lodgehas taken on new life and it is now inthe throes uf a glorious yepr.Mr. William Ardery and family,who moved to Georgia" in Novemberto xemain at least a year, have returned to Cynthiana where they will labidefor the present. The family were notpleased with the sunny south besides apeculiar fever was raging in the surrounding towns to where they werelocated, which was deadly in itseffects. They deemed it wise to return before the fever entered theirtown. They will probably take possession of their home in the fall.The ladies of the Christian churchBAN COHEN.33 Main Street, Paris, Ky.organized an rAid Society Wednesdayatternoon at the home of Mr 8. U. S.G. Pepper. Notwithstanding theweather fifteen ladies responded to thecall and a number of others sent intheir names to be registered makingin all an enrollment of twenty-five.The following officers were elected :President, Mrs. F. W. Troy, vice president, Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper; secretary, Mrs. John Berry; treasurer, Mrs.F. M. Vimont. The society will meetthe first Wednesday in every month.The next meeting will be held February 1 with Miss Sue Butler.In a letter recieved this week fromMr. R. B. Boulden, formerly ofMillersburg. he states his daughter,Mrs. Leonard Morgan West, withwhom ne is making his home in Pueblo, Co)., and who has been quite ill.is rapidly recovering from the effectsof an operation she recently underwent and has been removed from thehospital to her home. The manyfriends of Mrs. West wish her a speedyreturn to good health.Marshall's Remains Buried- Here.The funeral of Mr. Brent Marshall,who met death in the fire that destroyed the Chamber of Commerce buildingin Cincinati, were held at the Marshallhome in Covington';Tuesday night, theservices being conducted by the Rev.J. I. Blackburn.The ceremonies, which were of thesimplest kind were participated in bya large number of the dead man'sfriends and acquaintances. 'I he bodywas brought to this city Wednesdayarriving here at 12:30 o'clock in aspecial car. The remains were accompanied by relatives and a numberof friends.A large gathering of friends assembled at the grave in the Paris cemetery to pay their respects to his memory. The services were conducted byRev. Dr. B. M. Shive, of the Presbyterian church. The remains were consigned to thier last resting place inthe family lot.Ftand Distillery in Big Tree.A dispatch from Richmond saysthat after a ten days' hunt throughthe mountain of Eastern KentuckyCapt. W. T. Short and Deputy UnitedStates Marshal says returned to thatcity and reported the destroying of teiillicit moonshine distilleries, togetherwith about nine thousand gallons ofbeer. Ihey armed themselves withten warrants for the alleged operatorsof the stialls and iwill return to themountains for the execution of themwithin the next few days.Mays reported that the stillscated after several days andexposure to'the severest ofduring which time they did not pee inside of a house. One still had beencarried several miles and was foundsecretly fastened in the top of a tallbushy tree.Marshalwere tonights ofweather.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander t Ce.'sRepresenting Old Reliable Compu.Insurance against Fire, Wind modLightning.Your patronage solicited.CLINT0NVILLE ITEMS.Services at the Clintonville Christian church next Sunday by Rev. A.Sanders, pastor, as follows: 10 a. m.,Bible school, Newton Shropshire.Superintender.t; 31a. m., preaching, subject, "Avoid Unholy Alliances:" 6:30p. m., song and preyer service; 7 p.m., preacihng, subject, "SpecialMirales:" 6:30 p. m . Saturday, January 21, "Loyal Song," meet with .Sister G. W. Dawson.L. N. Mystery Solved.The question. "Where doe3 theLouisville & Nashville get itsjocomotivs when it has not given an orderfor the past year, with any company?"has often been asked, sajs the Cincinnati Enquirer. New locomotives havebeen added to the rolling stock of theroad at the rate of one a week for thepast year, but close watch on the locomotive concerns faialed to show the L.& N. as a locomotive buyer. The"mystery was solved when the roadga?e out information that it has beenbuilding its own locomotives at therate of one a week at South Louisvilleshops and will continue to do so at thatrate. When the L. & N. gets its locomotive complement, work will be continued on motive power for the newLexington & Eastern division now being extended to the Kentucky coalfields.Special WinterTourist TicketsVIAWriter is Owner of Mailed Letter.Under the regulations, and the ruling of tne highest courts of the UnitedStates, a letter does not belong to theperson to whon it is sent until it isdelivered to him. The writer has aright too rcc'aim and regain possessionof it, providing he can prove it to thesatisfaction of the postmaster as -theoffice from which it was sent that hewas the writer. Even after the letterhas arrived at the office which is itsdestination and before it has been delivered to the person to whom it is addressed, it may be recalled by thewriter, by telegraph, through the mailing ( ffice.On Sale Daily to Points iiAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia ?Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennejiee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South. West andNorthwest; aho to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, &c, callon writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.nrl JKk raw mi TOSSr mi W tupLDNaYk mr Al Ai i&He HMnliy ofSAVING !Youtsey is Refused Pardon.Governor Willson Tuesday refusedexecutive clemency to Henry E. Youtsey, who is serving a life sentence tothe penitentiary for complicity in themurder of Governor William Goebel.In refusing the application the theGovernor says :"1 have carefully considered thiscase oti the testimony in the Powersand Howard trials. It convinces me cfthis man's guilt of a wicked murder.1 am sure tnat he has mind enough toknew and be responsible for the nature1. -,!-Bourbon Winners at LexingtonShow.At the Kentucky Poultry Show beingheld in Lexington this week, the following exhibitors from Bourbon countywere awarded prizes Tuesday :Miss Mary Graham Jones, NorthMiddletown, first and second on whiteWyandotte cockerel, and ftr-irthjon pullet. Mrs. A. G. Jones. North Middletuwnsecond on white Plymouth Rock cock.fourth on hen, second on cockerel and ' !first on pullet. j SOn Silver Wayndottes Miss Mary jjrI Graham Jones was awarded first on1 hon, seconu on pullet and second onI the pen.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ElfiALIEK.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.3iffl;ggg8ttMf8 ttttttMMjgWE SHI WOur GreateGushRaisingSaleMillinery at Cost.All our millinery, ribbons, flowery,birds, feathers, etc., go on sale Friday, January 13 at cost and below.Sale lasts two weeks. This is a rareopportunity for the ladies to get bargains. We must raise cash so nothingwill be put on the books during thissale.IS 41 CORNE WATSON BAIRD.IS NOW IN FULL BLAST.You Should Have Seen the Throngs of EagerBuyers that Crowded Our Store at the 'Opening of Our Sale. - ?RELIGIOUS.)i5How is YourCOAL BIN?Follow the Crowds.To our Store and Get First Choice of Shoe Bargains,DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNmmmmmmm wmmmmmmmKmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmBmwmmmmamwmmmmmmwmmmmmwmmmmmmiJThe mercury goes down and down,Coaxed on by zero weather;The coal bin too, and with many a frownYou see them go down together!While we can't stop the mercury fromgoing to the bottom, we are preparedto fill your bins to the top.AT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOPTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FORRev. Dr. B. M. Shive, the pastor,will oe in his pulpit at the Presbyterian churh Sunday. At 10:30 Sundaymorning he will preach to the children.Usual services in evening at 7 o'clock.Evreybody cordially invited to attendboth services.On Monday, January 23,the Ladies' ,Aid Society of the Presbyterian church,will hold its all-day meeting.and everymember of the scciety is requested 10be present.Elder Carey E. Morgan will oe inhis pulpit at the Christian church Sunday morning and evening.Celebrate Lee's Birthday.Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy celebrated the birthday of General RobertE. Lee, with appropriate exercisesyesterday afternoon.The exercises were held in CircuitCourt room at the court house andwere presided over by Mrs. W. G. Talbott, presdient of the Chapter Mrs.lalnott opened tne exercises witn atouching address of the workdaughters through the countryanniversary of L the birth ofLee.Mrs. W. O. II in ton read a ''Tributeto General Lee by in Union Soldier,"and Mrs. J. T. Vansant read entertaining ''Reminiscences of General Lee "Little Miss Anne Thomas Ewalt, thebright and attractive daughter of Mr.and Mrs. .los. H. Ewalt, recited abeautiful poem entitled, "After Appomattox." Mrs. Steele Marsh andMrs. John Connell during the socialhour were hostesses and deliciou.3 refreshments were served. Mrs. C. C.Leer presided at the piano and rendered a beautiful program of Southernairs. With but few exceptions there,was a full attendance of the membersof the Chapter besides a. number of.Confederate veterans, who were theinvited guests. --Amatite jRoofing. IITEMPLiN LUMBER CO. gis9ISXS3inrr rnDaiawm racKing o.,aof theon theGeneralIThe Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be Jonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand dealers.BaldwinPacking Co.Paris, Kentucky.Ir4.!'; '