tt7"rj3- .apiJrs'S3w .-w. A.IJa . " ko. ;'&.-'... rrf'y kfy:i -tc4,M'-P'fc V- V.t, nrs;.rt,i IjRtrw sp7 'Tv" -MT -v'PTTBLISHEDEVERY TUESDAYAND FBIDAY IN THE YEAH.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 23, 1911.NUMBER 48r . "t - fi j- j .BOURBON NEWSTk :I fflSInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfHandsome Edition.Grand Jury Makes Final Report..JKAUSA rmS f! m 'E3Hh 'JSi iKEl vWi iIffil ftl fiffSa Kir.'Hffil! RHSi tSKa? BlSainli ES;: KSfi! imSvR 1 1l"b (SSl l'J!3i5L? ISSfSI,The Winchester Democrat comes to The Bourbon county grand juryus this week in the form of an indus- after beingin session about two weekstrial edition, in three sections of made its report to the Court yesterdaytwenty-four pares. The edition is at-j and was formally discharged. Thetractive, well edited and a typographi- grand jury investigated thoroughly t ecal beauty. The Democrat is one of complaints made by residents of toothe best serai-weekly papers in the county in regard to the conditions cfstate and this feature reflects great, the turnpikes cf Bourbon county andI credit upon its publishers.o - .r"We Know Mow."Logan Howard,Staple and Fancy Groceries,Main Street,Lenihan Property to be Sold Saturday, June 24.The date for the public auction ofthe Lenihan property on Vine street.has been postponed until Saturdayafternoon, at 2 o'clock, on account of! a recent death in the family.Cheap this Week.If you want o buy refrigerators,porch and lawn furniture cheap see J.One dollar's T- Hinton this week.Will stive youworth (10) of S. & H. Green) Want Loose Lea! Warehouse.Trading StampsEXTRAfor this coupon, besides thoseyou get with a purchase of50c or more.Both Phones 179.I The mmhers of the Carlisle Commercial Club are working hard to secure the location of the loose leafmarket in Carlisle, and now theestablishment of.the market there ispractically assured.Options have been secured on eightdesirable pieces of property located inthe central section of the city. Theoptions are good for thirty days.New Member of Firm.Mr. Monroe Mansfield is now interjested in the Templin Lumber Co. Thisfirm is ready at all. times to furnishthe trade promptly with lumber, coal,cement, brick, roofing, etc. Yourpatronage is politely solicited. 20 2tf IP utfr'P 'mP ''P 'P 'P P ''F "?5iR WISE&..1& Take Advantage of These Prices : sWIOSStandard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams 15White Bacon, per pound -T" 10Santee Syrup, 1-2 gal can .15Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can 20Karo Syrup, 1 gal. can S?l . .40Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Ivory Soap. 6 bars v . v 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans .v. . .25All RolledJSeal Oats, 3 boxes 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55Fresh Fish Every Friday and SaturdayThe Grocery Store of Quality,T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.V.Both Phones 23422 SMm 'VTm'mtfT- iy-wgAJ.'Tijri-a; fOTjW-VT!-a.'.ug--lf tsuaitgZScJiXh&JiVCyAiVZSAittJ . ' ', K,i rVv rTAi Vft VflSi SWrt CiStrawpanamaIn All the Latest Styles.&:$&: & iatfmt: mvk&gg"liLTaimmmJtats mJTats Simm3 ' iWk'' White Serge PantsBlue, Black and Grey Serge Coats$5Price & Co.,Clothiers.recommenaed to the court that precaution be used in the expenditure ofthe county's funds for this purposeand that all roads be placed in propercondition before proceeding with anywork of reconstruction. It also recommended that Magistrates and theRoad Supervisor- acquaint themselveswith the cost of building roads beforeletting contracts or arcepting bidswhere only one was made.The grand jury visited the countyjail and infirmary and -reports bothintsitutions to be in good shape, cleanand sanitary, with the exception ofthe former where it recommends thesubstitution of modern water worksfixtures instead of those.now in use.It is understood that during the session of the grand jury indictments tothe number of about twenty-five werefound and returned, but by order ofthe court they will not be made publicuntil bench warrants are issued andserved. It is said most of the indictments are against saloons for the saleof liquor to minors, and the operatorsof disreputable houses. The report ofthe grand jury is as follows:"Kecomended that the Fiscal Courtbe more careful in giving Supervisorsfull authority. That instead of leaving the roads in charge of Road Supervisor that each Magistrate recommendthe amount of repairs in his precinct.Further that thtre are mtmy roads inthe county on which very little moneyhas been spent and we would recommend that all pikes be put in conditionfor travel before any money is spenton reconstruction."The complaints of bad road? comefrom all over the county and this juryfepls that the Fiscal Court should investigate the conditions of the roadsof tne county thoroughly and distribute the work on the pikes more evenly. Also, that the Magistrates andSupervisors ;post themselves on thecost of road building before acceptingbids where only one bid is made. Wefind that the greater part of the roadfund for the pa&t few years has beenexpended on a few ronds and that theremaining roads in the county are invery bad repair."We request that a copy of this report be filed with the clerk of the Fiscal Court of this county. That a copyof this report be handed to the succeeding grand jury of this county andif they find that the Fiscal Court ofthis county at that time has failed torepair these' pikes and make theproper distribution of 'the tax funds ofthis county that the Fiscal Court ofthis county be indicted"The .entire jury investigated thejail and found same clean and in fairlygood condition, excepting water workswhich we rceomm'endto be thoroughlyoverhauled. Ihese water works areold style and in bad repair. Alsoseveral locks are broken and others inbad condition. We further recommendthat iron benches be purchased andplaced in the corridors of the jail forthe use of the prisoners."Committee visited the count; ,poorhouse and reports everything in goodshape and inmates all comfortable andas happy as circumstances per sit.Mr. Speakes seems to be an efficientand painstaking official. We desire tothank the Sheriff and Deputies fortheir prompt and courteous attention.We desire Jto thank the Commonwealth's attorney and County Attorney for their valuable assistance andprompt attention to the grand jury."CHAS. A. WEBBER, Foreman.'-Guaranteed Patent LeatherShoes."Kprrzct Shape"You can see the point, noneed of further argument.Plenty of room and yet anacme of style and quality.Why not a pair todayPATENT "BURROJAPS"GUARANTEED ! !What do you thinkof that?Bort Se Packabd Co.MahtrsBrockton,Mass.tlferTMCT ,JP MlCSgaiBMBflFi'oTrp THf"There is some satisfaction in buying a 'pair ofPatent Leather Shoes from this store, and the reason is every pair of Shoes sold by us for $4 areabsolutely guaranteed not to crack. If they do wewill give you a new pair free. The Korrect Shape$4 Shoes in Patent Leathers, Gun Metals and Tansare sold with this guarantee, and why do yuo wantto buy other brands of patent leathers that will goto pieces on you. Come to this store where yourdollar will go farther than any place else. We areshowing all styles, both in High Cuts and OxfordsThe Stetson Shoes for $5 and $6 have no equalwhen it comes to a high grade Shoe. Dr. Reed'sCushion Sole Shoes are just the thing for men whosuffer with aching feet. Come in and try a pair.iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.mmmmmmsmmm MMMfflmwwmLenihan Sale Saturday, June 24.A death in the family has caused theLenihan sale to be postponed untilSaturday afternoon, June 24, at 2o'clock. Four valuable building lotswill be included in the sale.At the Grand Tonight.The Maysville Independent has thefollowing to say of the bill which is tobe presented at the Grand tonight."A real first class show was presented at the Washington Theatre lastevening."Villa Vadette. 'The Girl FromMaysville.' presented a characterchange act that is way above the ordinary. She sang three songs a mannerthat wonjthe audience from the start.In the words of the gallery gods 'Thelittle gurl wuz there."Dilla and Templeton in' their spectacular novelty, 'The Goblin's Den,'have an act that's hard to beat. Bothgentlemen are real contortionists andthey do some stunts that seem almostimpossible. Their act made a hit.''erimmii!iimi;;utiiwimimmiiiiinimiiumiiiinmmimFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Gxtra Specials.Ladies' and Misses' Woolen Suits, manyof this Season's Choicest Models and afew Suits Carried Over from last Winterthe Price for Choice,Only $9.98It will pay you to buy now and put away for next season.Bargains this Week.Hammock chairs 90 cents,lawn benches 75 cents, at J.ton's this week.foldingT. Hin-New Traction Office.Workmen have been engaged forseveral dayB at work on the track ofthe Blue Grass .Traction Copmany atthe interurban station1 excavatingpreparatory to having a Y switch atthe corner of Fifth and High streets.When completed the large cars whichare now beins operated on the Frank,fort, Nicholasville .and Veraaillesbranches of the road will be put onthis line. The necessity of a Y switchis due to the fact that the large carsare equipped with only one trolleywhich renders it necessary tn turn thecars for the return trip.Within the next thirty days it islearned, the company is to' begin therection of a handsome,' station on itsproperty at the corner 'of ? Fifth aridHigh. The new buttimgiwUhti .constructed of briekt4MM"flithPongCC Coats, made of genuine Silk Pongee,and well worth $20, choice only $9.98.Gingham DressesBeantifully made of fine grade Ginghams and tissue,combined with All-over Hamburgs and solid colorginghams. These were sold regularly at $5 and $6each, now choice at $2.98.BIG BARGAINS IN WASH GOODS OF ALL KINDS.$3 and $3.50 Grades of Patent Slippers now only $1 .SO a pair.ImmmParis,Frank & Co.- - KentuckyJSMMUINHIHWajMMMHWMHMNNNCtNNMHiMMallii-"C-V -4 !.:Iana noaer in my tot wiwwh. -eh;WJp ibw 'pev OnHS eee jPPVePeWeppjvpPr4- -sitV3S.ri -J?5. - .-v&r a"JsUK.vfaf r .y&AFiTHE BOUfeBON NEWS, 7PAWS, foaTUCKY, Jukk 23,' W! 1'-;rl2jc7IwZj?THE BOURBON NEWSCflVitfi4 Poor Weak Woman& )aBOTH'PHONES, 124.NO;320 MAIN STREET.As she is termed, will endure bravely and patiently' ,agonies which a strong man would give way under.The fact is women are more patient than they oughtto be under such troubles.Every woman ought to know that she may obtainthe most experienced medical advice free of chargeand in absolute confidence and privacy by writing tothe World's Dispensary Medical Association, R. V.Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y. Dr. Piercehas been chief consulting physician of the Invalids'Hotel and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo, N. Y., foraafSuSSiSSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow er'HiWKhmm'HiUV SjyEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice aa Second-class Mail Matter.u1Established in 88 1Z9 'Years of Continuous PublicationUmany years and has had a wider practical experiencein the treatment of women's diseases than any other physician in this couatry.His medicines are world-famous for their astonishing efficacy.The most perfect remedy ever devised for weak and delicate women is Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.IT MAKES WEA5 WOMEN STRONG,SICK WOMEN WELL:The many and varied symptoms of woman's peculiar ailments are fully setforth in Plain English in the People's Medical Adviser (1008 pages), a newlyTevised and up-to-date Edition of which, cloth-bound, will be mailed free onreceipt-of 31 one-cent stamps to pay cost of mailing only. Address as above.ilMUUiDisplay advertisements ,-$l. 00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Easily laid can be laid right over -wood shingles if necessaryFireproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverneed repairs. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.is VeaSBBBBBf VsflsBBBBBBBBBBBBBr' 'JVbbbtbbbbbbbbbbbbbVSj BBBBBBBBrbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbVbbVbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbsVvt. 9'iiKiJIFfir5s ?m9JTmti12MlM IIIME2&st T.IMitmkSHKjPOipnHBO; vVflHsBBBBi'tfti'TiEPORIGINALITYand SUPERiORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.-'In individuality dislinguisltcs our 3fonu-ot T-itt t mcms jrom aa Olivers, wnue pricesreasonable. "VVhy, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dat.ejtj9ductipns?ly,Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combincdiuifrRinp Lettering bv Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.BETTER. NONE CHEAPERt II V 111(1fil.WmZJldams Son,1 42 Bmadwqy, ., t Lexington, Ky.Both Phones.ntim"'i" ;Jt-oralis In the Garden.1 i Jisrr2 ita vwi jETK.-cv;r,-i i?:-40Wi ihjhi'jjc j''wiiw riis a real pleasure if you "i arethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real service,aud to make work easy. Comeifh land get aiv-'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.BY & TALEOTTWEeSB.fu.clcvt. 1..I 1. 0mJin ill .HfcCONE YEAR,$.00Payable inSIX MONTHSADVANCE-$1.00Now is the Time to Swat the FlyIf you see a fly walking over the,food and dishes, or alighting on yourbaby's face, remember that he is amesenger of disease and death,' saysthe July Woman's Home Companion.The rules for dealing with the flynuisance, published b the Merchants'Association of New York, and widelycirculated by them, are worth reprinting. We repeat our suggestion thatan excellent work for any live woman'sclub would be to reproduce these ruleson cards and .distribute them broadcast. Keep tho flies away' from the sick,especially those ill of contagious disease0. Kill every fly that strays intothe sick room. His budy is coveredwith disease germs.Do not allow decaying material jfany sort to accumulate on or near yourpremises. All refuse which tends inany way to fermentation, .uch as bedding straw, paper waste and vegetablematter should be disposed of or covered with lime or kerosene.Screen all food. Keep all receptacles for garbage carefully covered andthe cans cleaned or sptinkled with oilor lime.Keep an staoie manure in vault or,pit, screened or sprinkled with lime, joil or other cheap preparation. See'order; that it does not leak, is up-to-dateand not exposed to flies. Pourkerosene into drains.Cover food after abury all table refuse.for sale.Screen all windows and doors, especially the kitchen and dining room.Burn pyrethru'm powder in the huuseto kill flics.Don't forget, if you see flies, thattheir breeding place is in nearby filth.It may be behind the door, under thetable, or in the cupsidor.If there is no dirt and filth, therewill be no flies.If there is a nuisance in the neighborhood it would be advisable towrite at once to the health department.CrowdeJ Over From Last Issum.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Miss Edna Mitchellfriends at Paris.is visitinzrMr. Joe K. Miller is at home fromLafayette, Ind., where he has baen attending school.Dr. C. B. Smith, who has beenfined tojhis home with sickness isto be out again.con-ablemeal ; burn crScreen all food?mm4mgmmmm&mm 'UMlHfc iimiwourbon LaundryD.WIS &-FyNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.-. - Off j?3 OpP- Postoffice.M'HffFwS' m 12'wm t .'iiitvA P rticular Service Forc Particular Peonle.Kieyare pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your, laundry out thedayvwe promise it, and its" qfiallty .is 'guaranteed. G iveus atrial order. You'll notffpgretdLfc&j-flrrr;'iBourbon Laundry,Paris, tucky.;ifi;,'V',",V2:!Sj5Rv5?'v'w-.sik$s(?Natural Inference.A New York newspaper chroniclesthe arrival In that city or an Americanboy who speaks no English. It is inferred that the little chap converseshabitually in the baseball dialect.Sale Private-: DESIRABLE Jisiflence ProperlySt)M SECOND STREET. tr ''101$mL)err for sale privately rriKfranie'Jce corner of Second street andoituveaue. contains live rooms.haUs, bath, pantry, back and-PVihes; cellar under entirp; gas tirouKhout waterin yard!a?; swer comtectton. "Thelci fronts on -Second street, andtremelv desirahler fine shaHotrlwonil sid-sii(n(ndialepo53s-ni)e given.PMtive parcbasersinvited toin-thc premises.MS. Made known on applica-o tie undersigned.- JOHN ARKLE.Home Phone-211.M A Vf T T Aur ,.-2 v,yt--4 fag,-i-be-t rcaciicd by theUAmti-'&ttltZX ?ivMw 2? ,V 'u Wriii -eal.JViJ I j rVi,ISH M1 Cw$ SLmmJno 1 to Sept. SO.StetfaJF2r3S'- y ttErsionsCcinmerJZxctsrjsIcu Ticcissleto.W.YarkCty aivldi Eaitern resorts.ip-OTcrc:Li!autaueuiLia4TndfsnffararalIpcr-mite3 ca . -.!ucs or.e-M?ay ami lound-trSjJ ItcLcU.fiKquircf l&siHtllKet Jdwsnt'.or writeJ. H. VcLrl-r. G-nM Agent PassengerHDept. 416 Vhrut St. Gschmatz. O., forfurther mformatioi.rAMNOUNCEMENTS.VMHfftrtUlM;-' V.Mf:j t lJb'1 Vliu4-5 5 1 fj .T.12:iiV53i.-' -:IWISS JESSIE BROWN-Art Embroidery 'Materials,l!7lf2UT74f!:!iinr;::::irCountry Schools Falling Behind.When Rocsevelt's Country LifeCommission was alive, says HerbertL. Quick, writing in "Success Magazine," it laid down and made orthodoxthis postulate of rural progress: Thewelfare of rural life demands a newkind of rural school.And of all places in the world, thecountry is the place for the child tomake intellectual advancement. Itcant' help learning lots more of thereally important things )f life thancan the city child. It sees the yearlymiracle of seedtime and harvest. Itsees the breast of Mother Naturebared to the suckling lips of a hungryrace. It hears the birds' songs, andsees their immemorial householdeconomoy. It has a part in the only'business left to us, in which food,shelter and clothing are producedvisibly before the family eye as a partof the family task. When it ceasescreeping, it toddleu out into a kindergarter as wide as the horizun, as brilliant as the sun, as fragrant as therose, and as free as air. And yet thecountry child.over most of this nation,must go to schools so poor that it isplaced at a disadvantagewith the citychild. One of the strong'est influencesthat draw country people to the cityI think the very strongest is thedesire to place the childen where they"can have better schooling."Died While Making Coffin.Under curious circumstances a mannamed Ryan died at Dublin a fewdays ago. While making a coffin hesuddenly expired and was found lyingunder a long board which was intended to be the coffin lid.Mrs. Urban Swinford of Carlisle, isthe guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. H. Carpenter.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnellspent Sunday and Monday with relatives at Mt. Olivet.Mr. W. F. Saunders and family wereguests -of relatives at Flemingsburgfrom Satruday to Monday.Dr. C. W. Mathers sold 88 hogs afew days ago to Mr. W. G. Mclntyrewhich brought him nearly SI, 700.Mrs. Gardner and mother, Mrs.MaEon,- of Paris, are guests of daughter and granddaughter, Mrs. E. B.Taylor.Mrs. DalzpII nnrl rhilHron lafh Mnn.j day for their home at Lexington after'a week's visit to her sister. Mrs. DenisMcMahan.Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Collings, ofDanville, arrived Friday as guests oftheir parents. Dr. and Mrs. J. O. A.Vaught.The farmers in this neighborhoodwere busily engaged Monday settiugoat tobacco. It Inoks as though thelong drouth is broken.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell moved Friday to the property of Mrs. Sue Ibandusky on Mam street, recently va-'cated by Mr. J. G. Lynch and family.Mr. and Mrs. Steve Vaught.of Richmond, left for their home in that cityMonday after spending a week withtheir parents, Dr. and Mrs. J. O. A.Vaught.Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper and daughter,Christine, returned Thursday from thebeJside of Mrs. Blackerhy, mother ofMrs. Pepper, who is critically ill atBrooksville.The C. W. B. M. of the Christianchurch celebrated its twenty-fifth anniversary Wednesday afternoon withMrs. G. W. Judy presiding. Mrs. Judypresided in the meet twenty-five yearsago.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Insko entertained Thurslay evening from S to 12 inhonor of Miss Maude Benson Mason,of Ewing, whose marriage to Prof.Ben Kid?ell will be celebrated Wednesday at the home of the bride'sparents.The Epworth League Conference ofthe Methodist church South will openhere thia evening. Everything 13 inreadiness and the committee on arrangements has comleted their work.Every train today will bring delegatesand from one hundred to one hundredand fifty visitors are exected.Mr. and Mrs. K. R. Vaught, whohave been the guests of their parents,Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy for severalweeks left Thurday for their home atParker, Ind., accompanied by Mr. ,'andiMrs. Judy. It will be rememberedthat Mr. Judy is in poor health andwill be examined bv a specialist atIndianapolis and may undergo,an operation.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESElemendorf farm shipped threecar loads of thoroughbied yearlings toNew York Wednesday for the Englishmarket. They ill cress the ocean onthe steamship Minnehaha, which sailson Saturday.The Danville Messenger says:"Mr. George B. Robinpon sustained asevere loss Sunday night when one ofhis fine colts died of some mysteriousdiff a?e. The colt had shown no signsof illness and died very suddenly. Hewas a Bohemian King and was beingput in condition for the fairs. Mr.Robinson recently refused 350 for thecolt."There are 53 highly bred youngstersin the lot, the get of Salvator, WaterCress, Water Boy, Slave. Royal Flash,Greenan and other famous Elemendorfsires. They are to be sold at thefamous NewmarKec race course on,Tuesdsy, July 11.The Elemendorf shipment is, incharze of George 'Miller, who looks-.fl after y earl incs at the. farm. and. heThe Real Measure.. Your rank as a living creature Is determined by the height and breadthof your love. Ruskin.Prospects Good for Plenty olBirds.The Richmond Climax says: "GameWarden Dick Bailey for Madisoncounty, claims that the prosptcts forbirds was never so encouraging as thisyear. The warm dry spring hasbrought the hatch out wonderfully andthe rains have not been heavy enoughto drown the real young ones, as is thecase so often heretofore. He is anxious that all owners of bird dogs seethat they remainfaway from the fieldsas much as possible and not disturbthe young ones. There are hundredsof young ones killed each year by roving bird dogs, that hunt the young andkill them before they are able to fly."A few years ago flyingmachines were hardlythought of, nor wasScott's Emulsionmumrjsjer. Now Scott'sEtUion is as much a summer.as a winter remedy. "GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Were you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY. -me9f-'nrarae HJ L jersrjrrnB'I. C. XT. R.. ILooking For a Place Where YouCan Save Money When BuyingYour Clothing, Shoes or FurnishingWe are the only house that has small expenses, therefore we can save you money"purchasing your wants with us. Giveus a trial and you will be convinced thatwe are the cheapest house in the city.You are getting more goods for the samemoney Same goods for less money.Special Sale for 15 Days Only on Trunks,Cases and Valises.SuitTHE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY..East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATED- AFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour-bon County Exchanges at TParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little7 RockRuddles Mills."When Tyou haveand.you have .bast Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."youThe EastTennesseeIncorporatedTelephone CoNotice! Poultry RaisersLS GOOD3TO OUSS, XO FJLTma. iIR 4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck. Roud. f ankppXOXB AS GOOD I2l i. 'SBiuiarrmea ana an Diseases of PoultrykjrJ.fcta.Cnat.hrMMm.b. Met feat all fc.h, ' ww ijjrwM!w Klie Btyaat. Btditowa. 1tKtL'lLJlJ"cm mh mc worm aad nIwtiMfeMtffcUrMfcMl1 TaK8SCST&, Science did it.: AM.oooMty.ubjeot to the action- - f .. . 1 1 - -vttrrew.Uc pattfB. Tenn.Phone-716..'lIgrmt t safe!.j-iinagagjsftcasQi SI VardeniSc ScMfcmSm will be assisted cm the trip by JahuBovrlMii-toc uifriJeauieMi.- VV1m -BOURBON NEWS,, PAR& KENTUOCTr, ' JUNE 23,111.mwrnrnxmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!m.LWTMVS9fVTRC J9B ReOfflS orTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asSPORTING NEW!! LETFEPtBy C. H. ZUBEB.Cincinnati, June 22.. Not in manyyears have the base ball enthusiasts ofCincinnati had their ingenuity so tested as is the case this year, with ateam of stars hovering around in sixthplace.showing occasional spurts of theform that is expected of them, andthen relapsing into a state that keepsthem from moving to the high placewhich they ought to occupy in therace. There have been any numoer 01reasons advanced for the Reds' inability to assume va higher place in therace up to the present time, ;but noneof them ring true. The fact is thatthe material is there for a high classfirst division team, but the method forextracting that talent from the rawmaterial doesn't appear to work right,and the results is defeats where victories should much more abound. Buteven this comparatively poor start during the first one-third of the seasonhasn't discouraged all the fans. Theyknow the goods are there, and thateventually Manager Griffith will hitupon the pattern that is best fitted tothe goods. And when that happens,look out for a pu.ll.ng down of the leadwhich the other teams are now maintaining over the Cincinnati aggregation. The 'real surprise of the presentNational League season has been furnished by the. St. Louis team, whowill be the Reds' guests next Sunday,, this being the last Sabbathjgame thatI Griflith'sjjmen play on the home lot uni til their return from the East the latter part of July. The Cardinals werelooked upon as a sort of crazy-patchoragnization when the season opened,the fact, that the team was made upprincipally of big league cast-off andminor league unknowns giving it nostanding with the wise touts. However the team the team haa been getting better and better right along, andinBtead of developing the promisedslump, has shown staying powers thatpromise to make it dangerous to theleaders right down to the finish. Bresnahan's driving methods are largelyj responsible for the success which the1 team has had, although without the1 raw material to work on, these meth-! ods would'have been nix.I It is generally conceded that if thelleds had been better fortified in theshortstop portion this season, they' would now be roosting comfcrtably .onthe right au'e .of the .COO mark, in-I steaa of being belrw it. Realizing, the weakness of tne team in iliiUiffiiflsi?rSCured (by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years. ,Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica or, shooting pains up and down the leg,aenmg back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, . take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to tlje paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorsh ave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Stiiip.:s:nt free by writing Blood.. n d . Atlanta, Ga. DescribeVii trouble nd free medical advicegi.vii. .-cl:l by Varden & Son.Elusive Eyeglass Case."I can't seem to be able to find myeyeglass case," said a visitor at theWolcott. "I have just lost the sixthcase I have bought or begged since Icame to A'ew York." The clerk threwopen a drawer filled with articles ofthe kind mentioned and the visitorwas able to Identify three of them ashis. The lot in the drawer had beengarnered In three days. New YorkSun.Roof of Packing Plant Damaged.The roof of the plant of the BaldwinPacking Co., near this city, was damaged to a considerable extent duringthe heavy storm which swept over thissection Saturday night. Fully twothirds of the roofing of the entirebuilding was torn off by the force ofthe heavy wind. The company carriedinsurance with the agency of McClureone j iz Clendenin.and the amount will fullyplace-a fact which hns put the entire cover the dEmage sustained. Thisinfield on the Fritz Manager Gritffih I firm put to work immediately a largeBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS, .CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.j is scouting mest assii'musly for areal successor In Tom Corcoran, who' is the last depsnr'atle shrrt fielder the1 lleds have had Or e o t le men under.surveillance is Unlmd, of the Dayton' team, who seems 10 have the goods.! In a game which Giiii th witnessed,Dobard accepted eight assists and cne; put-out without a woblle anJ made' two hits. He is said to be lightningi fast in all respects, and the chancesare that his name will be on the CinI cinnati roster before another week' rolls by. Other shortstops also arej under suspicion, but Dobard seems toi have the inside track.force of men repairing the roof whichwas completed with all possible dispatch and without interrupting theoperations of the plant.The base ball world was thrown intomoreror less confusion some days agoby the announcement that the Cincin-A New Way Out.A New Yorker has a novel nuisancesuppreb&er. The family in the nexthouse were classically musical. Theyplayed the violin and the piano at allhours. Ho purchased a self-playingpiano and an armful of rag-time rolls.He played only when they did. Intwo weeks they sublet the house andmoved away.Decrease in Wheat Yield.The wheat crop of Bourbon is beingharvested and while the acreage thisnati Club had purchased Third Base- year compares favorably with that ofI man Almeida and Outfielder Marsans last there will be a decided decrease' from the New Britain, Conn., club for in the grain yield. The drought which'$7,500. The 'question immediately I prevailed in this section for severalarose as to whether these men, had I weeks greatly injured the crop withnegro hloori'jn their veins, and if they the result that a field which last yearhad, whether the other National produced fifteen bushels to the acreLeague playeis wculd perform with will thresh out less than twelve bush' them. The arguments grew exceed- els. The quality of the grain, accord1 ingly hot, the circumstantial evidence J ing to the farmers, is very good.against their being pure Castillians' Difficulty is being experienced m seI being the fact that 78 per cent of the ' curing men to assist in the harvest ofI people cf Cuba have more or less the wheat crop owing to the fact thatnegro blood. However, the tempest t all available labor is engaged in put, has subsided owing to the fact that ting cut the tobacco crop.the Cincinnati club declined to meet ,the price asked, especially alter ascerl taining that npilher of the men was inhaving mnP hnrr.P for in.mifHmpnt . Georgia editor put up for a man:, reasons.Good Word for the Departed.Here is the kind of an obituaryLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price .JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces."Poor Jim Jones slung his earthly gar-' ' ments on a limb and swam the riveri yesterday. He did not stand back beThe fact that $85,000 was wagered cause the water was coldbut plungedduring the first week of the present rjgnt In and struck out for the otheripce meeting st Latonia indicates that . sh and mefc u els smilIng. jimbore still is considerable loese money d w Sllbscrip.lying around for horse lacing pur-' l", ' nposes. The average amount bet by tion t0 hJs home paper paid up andeach person on each Trace was abdut ! sot. there in good shape. Peace to hisS2.50, which also isn't so bad. The r memory.'racincr. on the-whole, has been satis-1! factory, being cleaner and Better at-tended than in many years, with -the. class of horses starting shewing im-provement from day to day. PerhapsI the "Sport of Kings" isn't-as dead inAmerica as was announced.TMtw SMifti, Af rtca .industry.Four whaling veMdb which are being fitted out at. Cf Town wfft -ghreSouth' Africa a new Industry.Professional CardsJ j. whiTjIams,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.SBrVvHDr. Wm. Kenney," PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 0Ze.Resident j 0L.VIT23 -. -H .!.- T. 1PcnfeHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.:nc .tn.-e: trr nirA. been; v :t m atwr!i h na ;c3 :t'-.-v,r.irx srlrf nf Kt-r-at ISc r";1 Just by way of sounding the hewgagI and letting the eagle scream a bit, itthe Bourbon nw$,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.MtttiUUMiUiS?is meet to announce that AmericanI yachts are cutting mch of a figure inthe famousKiel regatta, of Germany.; On a recent day three Americannoats in tne sonaer class were tnefirst three finishers, the representatives cf other nations trailing somedistance behind. Beating the etherfellows at international polo, and nowwith yachts once more establishesAmerican8upremacy in at least twolines of sport in which many nationsare interested.Ban Put on the Harem Skirt.Bertie Lewis, who a few weeks ago,had a place on the bill at the ParisGrand as "The Harem Skirt Girl,"waw an attraction at Danville last! week, but the display of the "harem"on the streets of that fity was cutshort when the cllic:als refused to allow her to present htrself upon thethoroughfares in the new f angledgarb. She was forced to abandonthis feature while in Danville. Thewoman with the breeches e'lfect appeared on the streets of Paris duringi here, and while the novel dress attracted consiuerauie attention in wasnot near so disgusting as some of theclose-fitting "hobbles" that are to beseen daily.A Peek Into His Pocketwould show the box of Bucklen's Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y.t "always carries." I have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it would not soon heal,"he writes. Greatest healer of burns,boils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,fever sores, 8Kin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles, zoo atA Terrible Blunder.to neglect lirer trouble. Neye do it.Take Dr. King's New Life Fills. -onthe first sign of constipation, biliousness or inactive bowela and preventvirulent indigestion, jaundice or gallstones. They regulate liver, stomachand bewels and build up .four health.Only 25o at Oberdorier's.New Arizona Industry.Residents of Arizona" have discovered that cactus needles or thorns areadmirable for use as graphophone reproducing points, and a big exporttrade Is anticipated.Mendelsohn's Visit to Scotland.After the musical season in England was over he went to Scotland,stopnine: at the Hebrides, where heOberdorfer's.-Lwas inspired with the first conceptionof his overture called "Pingal's Cave,"and at Abbotsford. Here he was disgusted enough after, traveling eightymiles to be put off with a half hour's"indifferent conversation" with SirWalter. Not even Melrose. Abbeyconsoled him. "We cursed great men.ourselves and the whole world," werehis words. Dole, "Pamaus Composers'Dr. J. M. Lacock,dentist,Up Stairs Over Yarden Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest.DBA. H KELLER.Practicing Physician,OfficeB, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyJinnie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.Superiorthe most :the ii-.est.thanIt is alo k""Kc.t i;i n:a ;'ion of 1 per ccn? ihij s vSuperior concrrlri' r.rvei crarT: -tcrumbly. Build vAb x VSs a toPortbri Ccrr.cnt. V riie' far f i rdSuperior Catecticn: Ivk. 3-5Then l:ccp on insisting ur.h! jrurdealff supplies Supi.nor.Union Trust BuIIJinj, Cjaciacali, OIo.Justtis Collins, Prj3Ujnt, --Superior Portland Ccaect-Ci.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s laxk,Representing Old Reliable ComDaniee.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Bloodiit Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChecker manently, cures aCough. Croup,xWhooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedjforchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrfette Wells Allen. Gafapy. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years a4Its the first medicine that has done me suet good.aiifflOfcfEastTenn. Pho e 669!W. T. Brooks,Agent.0. Merman, I P1brick U mnrmipn c11U1 jkJM.0MR 4tw iCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building-.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.'Strayed or Stolen.Frum my stable at the Cal StonerFarm, on the Little Rock pike, 2 1-2 jmiles from Paris, on Tuesday night, adark bay horse, blind in one eye andhas one white hind foot, is about 24years old. Liberal reward for information as to his whereabouts.D. L. LEGGETT,Paris, Ky..16 3t R. F. U. No. 3.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, (X,And Return 'Margolen,L.Paris, Ky.JTASunday, June 25, 'II. jBASE BALL !Cincinnati vs. St. LouisFare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:30 a. in.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.i ,J . " ', . - . sA FEW POINTERSYou cannot afford to miss this opportunity of becoming a charter member ofORDER OF OWLSWe now have over 153,000 membersin the United States."We are organized in all states.No matter where you may travelyou can find an Owl Nest" (whichmeans friends).There is no other Fraternal Societythat offers you protection of Six Dollars per week for three months.One Hundred Dollars at your doath.Free, medical attendance and socialfeatures..All For 50 Cents a Month.$5 Charter FeeDo not fail to be at the institufc nof the Orcr of Owls. When Chartercloses itwillcostou 125.Nest to be instituied July 9th t Lexington, Ivy.For fnrther information, oall on orwrite Harry and, Henry Jouts. 211 W.J Short Street, Lexington, Ky.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortkodCement, ground to dust-like fiaenesf,.and with only a fraction of 1 pfcent, magnesia, its concretes wil mdure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-kyfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 3SThen keep on insisting until ywcdealer supplies Superior.UaloR Tnut BiuMtag. Cuiowri. CkSm-Justus Collias, Prciiimmt,. . . i .-.avpenor roruasaCestk C.LIQUID CURES' ECZEMA IWHERE SALVE FAIL?' IIn regard to skin dicse MMlkatauthcrltiea are now agrd cm. tkteDon't imprison th ditas ptraM imyour 8k in by the use of grMjy aItml.and thus encourage theM to Multiply..A true cure of all ecznatoflcan be brought about only fey wfag,healing agents in the font of a UqmM.WASH THE GERMS OUT. -A.simple wash: A compound l Ot&r-ltWintergreen; Thymol, and Omt lC0dients as combined im. ta D-IX BLPrescription, penetrates to tkterms and destroys It, tMSiand heals tha skin am MtMaffbaa ever done.A 25-cent, trial botUa will atsat tmcure, and give you instaat raltoC tvT'--G. S. Varden,Son.Jpix-fV-,V- Afi Vjy-t'?,- T ' '& 10 A .. .-t-w... f. 'mnc-k i. fiA ,'"':, ;VjEv - " -; e,THE; BOURBON NEWS, PAKJS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 2'.-'1911.sMtwf ! Tkc dimtad.TUESDAY.Hetded by & brass band and accompanied by a large number of enthusiastic rooters, tho Colts came to ParisTacsday afternoon and administered acoat of calsimine to the Bourbonites,and while they were engaged in blankis; all down the line the visitorsstacked up three tallies.The contest was fast and furious.and good playing on the part of bothteams was a pleasing feature. Hitswere few only nine being chalke 3 upduring the full game, six of whichwent to the credit of the Colts, whileParis had the smaller end.Out of the total number of safetiesfor the visitors, Ellis ripped off threethat went for two sacks each, andcounted two of the runs that meantvictory to the third-placers.Robbins, who has proved a thorn inthe side of the league leaders, was athis best and handled the Bourboniteswith ease and grace. At no time didhe show the least sign of allowing hisopponents anything but a long row ofciphers, and with his cross-fire delivery whiffed four uf the number thatfaced him.In only one session did Paris get aman to the second station and thatwfs in the fourth when Barnett drewa pass and advanced to the second hassock on Goodman's hit to center. Thenext two hit into outs.Big Gus Bonno, the newly acquiredhurler, was on the slab for the firsttime, and while he went down in defeat he pitchedan excellent game, andone that will win when his teammatesbehind him can connect with the ball.The visitors were the first to countsnd put one run over in the sixth although in the second session they hadthe bases clogged with only one down.Badger walked and went to second onLung's sacrifice. Hikes singled to leftbut Badger was held at second. Bothmoved up a peg when Bonno beanedSewell. Robbins flied to Kuhltuan andViox forced Sewell at second when nerolled to McKernan.In the sixth Ellis led off with a double to center and scored a momentlater when Yancey hit through second.Two more were counted in the eighth.Viox waited and walked and advancedto second on Wahoo's sacrifice. Ellislaced out his third double, scoringViox and raced home when Badgersingled to center. The score :Lexington 00000102 03Paris 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 00Batteries Lexington, Robbins andSewell ; Paris, Bonno and Mayer. ErrorsParis 1, Lexington 1. HitsLexington 6, Paris 3. Earned runsLexington 2. Two base hits cJlis 3.Bases on balls offJJ Bonno 2, off Robbios 2. Struck out by Bonno G, byRobbins 4. Double plays Harrell,Barnett. Hit by pitcher Sewell.Sacricfie hits Long 2, VVahoo. Firstbase on errors Lexington 1, Paris 1.Time 1:25. Umpire- Wilkerson. Attendance 1,500.Now Is Your ChanceAt a Very LittlePorch Chairs and Settees, - -Porch Rugs, two-tone green,Porch Swings, Mission finish,A beautiful line of Fiber Rugs, large size,I The New Iceberg Refrigerator fand Ice Boxes j$6.50, $8.75, $9.50, $12.$14.75, $15.50 to $35 j.! Brass Beds $16.75, $20, $28.75 up to $65.1 Gasoline Cook Stoves $2.75 up to $5.75,A'Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet or the Marion Cabinet for theMain arid 3rd Sts.WEDNESDAY.The first cane of the series with thePioneers at Richmond Wednesdayafternoon resulted in a complete victory for the Olsonites. Schrauder wassent in to hurl for the locals but before one inning had been completed beretired in favor of Hauser who finished the game.The BoUrbonites started off in awhirl in the opening session and counted two runs. Before the Pioneers couldbe retired in their half seven runs hadcrossed the pan. Hit after hit wasrained off of Schrauder and before hecould be yanked off the mound fivesafeties had counted four runs.Hauser was the substituted and although three more runs went over,after the first session he pitched goodball and kept his hits well scattered.Goodman performed his usual stuntwhenever the Bourbonites visit thePioneer city and put the ball over tholeft field fence for a home run. Maxwell disagreed with Umpire Wilkerson on a decision and besides being putout of the grounds was assessed a fineof a five spot. The score :Richmond 7 00 0 1000 x 8Paris 2 0 100000 14Batteries Paris, Schrauder, Hauserand Mayer; Richmond, Parks andHaines. Errors Richmond 2. HitsParis 8, Richmond 14. Struck outby Parks 5, by Hauser 1. Bases onballs off Parks 2, off Schrauder 1, effHauser 2. Stolen bases Goodman,Strieker, Baird. Sacrifice hits Olson, Walden, Haines, Haley. Twobase hits Baird, Strieker, Haines,Olson, Maxwell, Walden. Home runGoodman. Five hits. 4 runs off"Schrauder in 1-3 inning. Double playsMcKernan, Harrell to Barnett.Left on bases Paris 6, Richmond G.Earned runs Paris T, Richmond 8.Time 1:30. Umpire Wilkerson.THURSDAY.The Bourbonites took the secondgame of the series from the Pioneersyesterday afternoon by a score of 10to 6. Both teams hit the ball hard.Creager was driven from the mound inthe fourth and was relieved by Wills.The sqore :Richmond 010 00023 0 6Paris 0 2 2 2 1 3 0 0 0-10Batteries Paris, Schrauder andMayer: Richmond, Oeager, Wills anaHaines. Errors Paris 2, Richmond4. Hits- Paris 15, Richmond 14.Struck out by Creager 2, by Schrauder 1, by Wills 3. Base on balls offWills 4, off Schrauder 1. Stolen basesLudwig 2. Two base hits Goodman, Whi taker, Walden. Harrell, Mayer, Barnett, Maxwell, Haines. Sacrifice hits- McKernan, Olson, Goodman.Home run Mayer. Hits, off Creager7 in 3 innings. Sacrifice fly--Wills.Three base hit -Strieker. Doublenlays Olson to Haley, McKernan toBarnatt. Left on basts Paris 7,Richmond 9. Earned runs Paris 8,Richmond 5. Time 1:45. UmpireWilkinson. r. IWheeler' v0w.n v0, s;;. & ,Paris 10 ; Richmond 6. ffyWinchester 8 ; Leington 7, (10 in,-.Dings.)Maysville 1 ; Frankfort 2.CLUB STANDING.Won LostPetPARIS 30Winchester 27Lexington 23Maysville lflRichmond 18Frankfort 15141819262728.682.603.548.422.400.349Circuit Court.Tuesday the case of "Bud"Machemcharged with selling liquors in thenegro suburb of Claysville withoutlicense, was tried in Circuit Court, resulting in the jury returning a veridctof guilty and assessing a fine of $100.Machem was fined on two inuictmentslast week.Sterling Anderson, charged withmalicious cutting, was acquitted.The jury in the cane of Buss Cantrill, colored, charged with the murd?rof his paramour, Lizzie Williams, inthe negro suburb of Ruckerville. Wednesday returnea a verdict finding thedefendant guilty of voluntary manslaughter. The conviction carrieswith it an indeterminate sentence offrom two to twenty years in the statepenitentiary. On the day of the killing Cantrill was disorderly and firedhis revolver in the vicinity of thehouse where he and the Williamswoman lived. Entering the house he.fired through a partition into the roomin which was the woman, the bulletentering her head and killing her instantly. Abe Evans, colorpd, indicted on acharge of setting up and operating agame of chance was acquitted in courtyesterday.The case against the city of Paris,under an indictment found at theMarch term of court, maintaining athoroughfare dangerous to public travel was continued until the Septemberterm of court.A Card From the Health Officer.The City Health Officer desires thepublic to know that so far as is withinthe power and practice of the HealthBoard it will carefully co-operate withother officials in preventing the pollution of the streams of the county. Itrecognizes of first importance good,pure, wholesome water and is willingand anxious to relax no efforts leadingto such results. Presumably there isnot an adult male in Bourbon countybut who knows it is violently contraryto law to put any decaying animalmatter into the streams and it isequally true that if such miscreantsare caught they will be rigidly dealtwith.Children's Oxfords and Pumps.One lot children's tun oxfords andpump?, will close at 48 cents and 9Scents, regular price $1.50 and $2.GEO. McWILLlAMS.to Get Summer Goods ICost!75c up to $5.50$1.00 up to $9.75$2.75 up to $5.00$6.75 up to $11.00-3" '.DEATHSrMrs. Caroline Douglas, of Pisgah,Ky., died Saturday morning in Macon,Ga., st the' home of her son, the Rev.Dr. Rutherford EL Douglas. Mrs.Douglas had been in ill health for somemonths and her death was not unexpected. Mrs. Douglas was the widow of theRev. Dr. Rutherford E. Douglas, whowas for many years pastor of thechurch at Pisgah. She was a daughter of Rev. Dr. Joha O. Young, president of Center College, and FrancisA. Breckinridge Young.Two sons and two sisters surviveher, the first Rutherford Douglas, pastor of the First Presbyterian churchat Macon, and Francis Douglas, ofDanville, Ky. Her two sisters areMrs. Edward Rutherford.of Versailles,formerly of Paris, and Mrs. Gelon H.Rout, of Versailles. The funeral services were held at Danville Tuesday.Public Sale.See advertisement in anothercolumn of the Ovreby property.Handsome city home and three beautiful building lots. Sale at 2:30 p. m.on June 27.HARRIS & SPEAKES.td Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Fire and Tornado Insurance.tf Thomas & Woodford.MATRIMONIAL.Mr. Magnus G. Rash, of NorthMiddletown, and Mrs. Myrtle Walkerwere married in Lexington Tuesday byRev. I. J. Spencer. Mrs. Rash wasformerly from Harrodsburg and hasbeen president of the North Middletown Commercial and Business College for the Jpast three years. Mr.Rash is a prominent business man ofhis precinct.son of the lite Wm. Rash.They will go to Jersey City with Dr.and Mrs, G. A. Cook; from there theywill sail for Europe next Wednesdayon the steamship Menon, and will visf England, France, Italy, Germany'and Switzerland, returning anout thefirst of September.The marriage of Miss Alma Shaw-(han, of this city, to Mr. Foley Price,of Lexington, was very quietly solemnized on Wednesday afternoon at threeo'clock at the Presbyterian parsonagein Paris, the Rev. Dr. Shive officiating, and only membeis of the" two immediate families were present.The couple left immediately afterthe ceremony for a trip and on theirreturn will go to housekeeping in Mr.Price's home in Lexington. The newscomes as quite a surprise, as thehappy secret was kept by the youngpeople.Both are popular and attractive andtheir host of friends are wishing forthem much joy and happiness.XPrice of $25.00Opp. Court Huse $&:L. N, CnntHtli J. 4 C. Line.The merger of tha'Frankfort & Cincinnati -Rairload Company into thelines of the Louisvillt & NashvilleCompany, effected soma months ago,and upheld by decision of Judge J. M.Benton, of Winchester' sittinz asspecial judge of the Franklin CircuitCourt was Wednesday declared by theCourt of Appeals to be illegal and voidunder t4he constitutional inhibitionagainst railroad companies purchasingor controlling "parallel and competing" lines.Ihe question of the legality of thepurchase of the Louisville & NashvilleCompany was raised by certain citizens ofFrankfort, who insisted thatthe Frankfort & Cincinnati, whichoperates forty miles betweenFrankfortand Paris, was a parallel and competing line with the lines of the Louisville & Nashville to Paris, via Lexington. Judge Benton in the lower courtheld that the Frankfort & Cincinnatiwas so run down that it afforded nocompetition with the Louisville &Nashville or any other road.Under the decision of the SupremeCourt the Louisville & Nashville, fcmustpart with its controlling interest inthe smaller company.Public Auction of Overby Property. It you are looking for an ideal home,one with a beautiful lawn, a modernhouse, and all the modern conveniences, just close enough to i Main street,be sure and attend the sale of the residence and building lots belonging toW. T. Overby, on Seventh street, onTuesday, June 27, at 2:30 p. m.Attend the Concert.Attend the concert to be Tgiven byMiss Mary Dan Harbison and Mr.Robert Harbeson; at the Methodistchurcn Friday, June 30. Tickets onsale at Mitchell Blakemore's. Admission 50 cents.June 24.On account of a death in the familythe sale of the Lenihan property onVine street has been postponed untilSaturday June 24, at 2 p. m.Three Negroes Fined.A tor a lull in the business in PoliceCourt which has continued for morethan a week, four negroes were up before Judge January yesterday andthree of the number were assessedfines. Anna May Evans and PollyKenney, had a warrant sworn out before Judge January against Jim Bayless and he was arrested and arraignedon a charge of disoiderly conduct.From the evidence it developed thewomen of color were the aggressors ina fight between them and Bayless andinstead of fining the latter JudgeJanuary turned the worm, dismissingthe warrant against Bayless and fining Anna May $15 for a breach of thepeace and Polly 510 for the saninoffense. John Bedford, who was awitness, and after having been summoned failed to appear in court wasfined 3 for contempt and spent threehours in the cuunty jail. jChickens, Chickens.We have a quantity at the rightpiice.C. P. COOK & CO.W. T. Overby Property to be SoldJune 27.Auctioneer Speakes will sell publicly for Mr. W. T. Overby, of Cincinnati, on Tuesday, June 27, at 2:30 p. m.,the beautiful brick residence, anathree valuable building lots adjoining,on Seventh street. 'lhis is very desirable property, is in a good neighborhood, close to the city school, and buta few minuteds walk of Main street?This is an opportunity to secure avaluable home that does not presentitself often. Better take advantageof it.25 F6i. Cent. OFFONSTRAWHATSUU fl-BK.B1Bennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - . KENTUCKYPtaaMl Day Iftxt Taaffay,2 Next TuMday will fb a-Mtabl.... 4. C iLa'L!a t D;. IHL.casion will be the raising of the pennant wpn by the Paris club last year.The pennant arrived Hast week andis a thing of beauty. It is fifteen feetin length, of white material with"Champions 1910" in blue.1 The officials of the Paris club areplanning for a big day in which everycitizen of Paris and lovers of base ballshould participate. It is said a movement will be started to induce themerchants of the city to close theirstores tojgive their employes the opportunity to witness the game andpennant-raising.The Colts will be the attraction atWhite Park next Tuesday, the gamebeing transferred ifrom Lexington tothis city. The last two games betweenthe Cults and Bourbonites were of the-hair-raisingcalibre and the meetingnext Tuesday will in all probabilityresult in a contest of equally as muchinterest.Concert by Miss fiarbeson.Paris is being unusually favored in amusical way in the approaching concertto be given in the Presbyterian Churchon June 30, by Miss Mary Dan Harbeson and her brother, Mr. Robert Harbeson. Miss Harbeson needs no introductioni to a Paris audience, having sung her! self into the hearts of our people duringtne vvngnt meeting last Uctober, andthe services that are now being held atthe Methodist Church. Her voiceshows great cultivation, and she singswith a charm that must be heard to beunderstood.Mr. Robert Haibeson has that rarestof treasures a pure tenor voice. Heenjoys a high appreciation in NewYo'rkmusical circles, both in church and concert work. As this is his first appearance in Paris, it is to be hoped that aj full house will greet him.lickets may be secured from any ofthe ladies of the Woman's Society ofthe Presbyterian Church, or at thebusiness house of Mitchell & Blakemore, at 50 cents each.Buckhorn Wins.Buckhorn, Wood Clay'3 fast colt,won a race at Latonia yesterday afternoon for three-year-olds.NORTH MIDDLETOWN ITEMS.Miss Anna Thompson, aged about 60years, died at the home of her brother-in-law,Mr. G. L. Rash Wednesdayabout noon. The deceased had beenan invalid for a number of years,suffering with locomotor ataxia. Whileher condition was regarded as seriousher death came very unexpected. Shewas the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.John Thompson, or Millersburg, andhas made her home with her sister inNorth Middletown about ten years.The burial will take place in theMillersburg cemetery Friday morningat ten o'clock with services at thegrave conducted by Rev. R. S. San-ders.PUBLIC SALEOFHousehold and Kitchen Fur-Vniture., Having disposed of my residence. Iwilly on the premises, in East Paris,.Wednesday, June 28th, 19l1vat 10 oe'lock a. m., sell my household and kitchen furniture, consistingof one dining room set, bed room set,one handsome new brass bed, featherbeds, one old-fashioned chest of drawi ers. druggets, one fine Jersey milchcow and many other articles., C F. DIDLAKE,i Geo. D. Speakes. Auctioneer.yALL-iII.mi. M MBIC -ttflaCHAS. GREEN, ManagerParis, Kentucky!.fr&.- ;rV & :'IH!VUliA i ".. V "nr ,-v' t T "r. . .f;';tW&? V Vi$8$ vV- r A' -V-:iI - ifitji-'V'!.J,,-v'.f...' -y l.4-.vr.A, AMrfi'J0:J ,0J rvNVv''lTHE BOURBON -NEWS. PARfcKENTUCKY; JUNE; 28, J9H.-. .w "xJ4ffifc BOURBON NEWS.EaJPlt v r r m wrr P itiALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGYou Want to Look Your Beston your vacation. Come to us for theDest in vacation needs.J.,W. DAVIS & CO.Warehouse Sold.Mrs. W. W. Massie has ' sold to theL. & N. Railroad Company the Stuart& O'Brien warehouse on the corner ofRailroad and Third streets; price$3,000.Big Reductions.Uig reductions in wall paper atJ. T. HINTON'S.Let the News Follow you thisSummer.Subscribers leaving the city far (hesummer may have the Bourbon Newssent to them, changing the address asneed oe, nv cropping a post card.Telephone both phones 124.Big Reductions,Big reductions in wall paper atJ. T. HINTON'S.Excursion Declared Off.Owing to the fact that the L. & N.has r o available equipment, the baseball special from Paris to Frankfortwhicn was announced the first of theweeK has been declared off.Building Lot Sold.Elmer Peterson sold Monday to S.M. Smith, of the Paris Lumher &Manufacturing Company, a buildinglot near the curner of Fifteenth andCpyress streets at a private price.Mr. Smith will improve the propertyat once, with a modern cottage, andwill occupy it as a home.Tan Oxfoids and Pumps.One hundred and fifty pairs of ladies'tan oxfords and pumrs, regular price$3 and $3.50, now at $1.4S, for cashonly.GEO. McWILLlAMS.Big Reductions.Big reductions in wall papor atJ. T. HINTON'S.Cub Scouts in Blue Grcss.President Ussery has been advsse.iby Preisdent Charles Murphy, of theChicago Nationals that Scout GeorgeHulr and Johnny avers, of the Cubs,are on their way irom Chicago in anautomobile. They are on a scoutingexpedition and will visit all the citiesm the Blue Grass League.Ladies' Canvass Shoes.Ladies, white canvas high shoe,regular price $5, will close xout at$2. 38. Cash only.GEO. McWILLlAMS.Tipton is President,Ed A. Tipton, formerly of Paris,who, as representative of the syndicate of ten millionaire horsemen,bought the controlling stock in theKentucky Trotting Horse Breeders'Association a month ago. was Tuisdavelected president at a meeting of thejBoard of Directors. Richard C. Stollcontinues as secretary of the beard. IA Blue Serge Suit is Cooland looks cool. We have a crackerjack i Swearengen, of Chicago, who is visitserge at $22.00. Half lined and guaian inS her father, Mr. George R. Davis.tel fast color.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Twenty Freight Cars Derailed.The spreading cf rails at Renick. asmall station between Paris and Winchester, early yesterday morning derailed twenty freight cars and tied uptraliic on that branch practically alluay. a wrecking crew was sent tothe scene from this city. No oneasfar as could be learned was killed orseriously injured in the wreck. Allthrough trains from the South weredetoured by way of Le xington.Narrow Escape.Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Wm. Farrisand little niece had a narrow escapefrom probable serious injury. Whiledriving on Main street and in front ofthe department store cf Harry Simona runaway delivery horse collided withher buggy upsetting the vehicle andthrowing the occupants to the pavedstreet. Mrs. Farris had presence ofmind to catch the child as she wasfalling and prevented it from strikingthe street. Mrs. Farris sustainedseveral severe bruises which werevery painful but not serious.A Beautiful Home.If you want a Leautiful city homewith all medern improvements buy theOverby residence on Seventh stieet onJune 27. See ad in another column.Roof of Packing Plant Damaged.The roof of the plant of the BaldwinPacking Co., near this city, was damaged to a considerable extent duringthe heavy storm which swept over thissection Saturday night. Fully twothirds of the roofing of the entirebuilding was torn off by the force ofthe heavy wind. The company carriedinsurance with the agency of McClure& Clendenin.and the amount will fullycover the damage sustained. Thisfirm put to work immediately a largeforce of men repairing the roof whichwas completed with all possible dispatch and without interrupting theoperations of the plant.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Attention Bookkeepers.Ledgers, journals, day books, cashaoks, blank books, rubber bands,inks, peas, pencils and letter fifes, iafact everything naded ,j the bookkeeper. f20 2t - ;n ."PARIS BOOK CO. ,PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. E. A. Tipton was a visitor inParis Tuesday.Mrs. Frederick Wallis entertainedwith a luncheon yesterday.Mrs. James Porter is quite ill- ather home on South Main street.Miss Essie Saloshin left yesterdayfor a four weeks' trip to New York.Miss Marguerite Jurey, of PeweeValley, is the guest of Mrs. J. Simms tWilson.Mr. Robert J. Durst, of Sieve-311U, WJIIU, 13 VllllUn ilii. iuuu.i.vBurnaugh.Mr. W. K. Blakemore Pwill returntoday from a three week' business tripto New Yoik.Z Mrs. Samuel Williams, of SanFrancisco, Cal., who is a guest ofMrs. W. V. Massie, is quite ill,Miss Margaret Ewalt is at homefrom Birmingham, Ala., with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Ewalt.Judge M. C. Swinford, of Cjnthiana, and Hon. John R. Allen, of Lexington, attended court here Tuesday. "Mr. Charles Smith, of Lagrange,has returned to her home after a visitto her son, Mr. Leander Smith, in thiscity.Miss Mary Foster, of Covington,and Miss Sue Ford Oifutt, of Gporge-town, areDavis.guests of Miss KatherineMisses ElizabethHowell, accompanied byBerry, of Carlisle, wereParis Tuesday.Mrs. D. M. Bell andBell Harris, of Versailles,and Lucy IMr. Ower JVisitOtS in 'Mrs. Josieare guestsof Mrs. Charlton Alexanderhome in the country.at herMaster George Pritchard Chapman, the little son of Prof, and Mrs.Georgs W. Chapman, who has bdendangerously ill, is improving.Mrs. Ford Brent and guest, herniece, Mies Emily Woodall,' of Covington, are visiting Mrs. Brent's mother,Mrs. Edward Wallace, in Versailles.Mrs. Dolly Hawkins and Mrs. SueSandusky, of Lexington, arrived Wednesday to spend several days with Mrs.L. J. Fretwell and Mrs. Arnne Pritchard. Mr. Wm. D. Hearne, of Indianapolis, has been the guest for several daysof his relatives, Mrs. Chas. D. Webband Miss Nellie Fithian, on NorthPleasant street.Mrs. John W. Snowden and littlesun, Master Nicholas Kriener Snowden, will leave in a few days for LcsAngeles, Cal., where they will joinMr. bnowden, who has located in thatcity.Mrs. Frederick W. Eberhardt andlittle daughter, of Frankfort, areguests of Misses Larue, in the county,in the absence of Rev. Eberhardt, whois attending the Baptist Alliance, insession at Philadelphia, JPa.Mrs. George McConnell, of thiscity, was taken to a Lexington hospital in an automobile Tuesday afternoon in a very serious conuicion. anewas operated on immediately, and ,from last report is doing nicely.- ,Mr. Ossian Edwards sustained an !! injury at a lumber camo in Tennessee Isome time ago by some lumber fallingon him, necesitatmg an operation,which was performed Tuesday by Drs.Daugherty and Keller. The operation!was very successful and his conditionis much improved.Mr. andJMrs. R. P. Thomas andMr. Caldwell Clay, brother of Mrs.Thomas, came over from Mt. SterlingWednesday in their automobile tospend several days with Mrs. Wm. RMrs. Swearengen and little daughter.Eleanor, will return to Mt. Sterlingwith Mr. and Mrs. Thomas.Mrs. White Varden entertained atner home on Pleasant street Monday iuirrininir r r t urn n iinntni r vrM i -u.mb ay nc iiuiiuicu. -ni.ici. ..ucgames ieiretiiueius vl ices arm caneswere served. These present were:Misses Mary Posner, San Francisco,Cal.. Elizabeth Steele, ElizabethCrutcher and Rachel Wiggin : Messrs.treu tsatterton, Kaymond McMillan,Charlton Clay and Charles Fithian.The annual June dance of theBourbon Dancing Club was held atthe Elks' Hall Tuesday evening andwas one of the society events of theseason, 'lhe occasion was heartily enjoyed by all present and many from adistance attended. Grellas' orchestra,of Lexington, furnished the music. Atmidnight a substantial lunch was served. Those present were: Misses Hannah Ferguson, Lois Finnell and SueFord Offutt, Georgetown ; Mary JFoster, Covington; Katherine Spence'Hernott, Mt. bterlmg; MargueriteJurey, Pewwee Valley; Anne Howard,Maysville; Clara Belle Walton, Lexington ; Elizabeth Crutcher, AugustaRogers, Mary Batterton, Bess Lord,Nell Crutcher, Elizabeth Steele, Carolyn Roseberry, Rena Crosdale andKatherine Davia ; Messrs. John Hern-don, John Ford, Jessie Shuff, Luke .Abbett, Willie Hall, Lyon Switzer,Georgetown; Morgan Wood, Louis-'ville; Lloyd Frazier, Mr. Sterling;Howard Porter, Winchester; HuiliniKemper, Mack Grimes, Allen Ing es,Millersburx; Robert Ebtill, Russell!des Cognets. E. C. Gibson, Lexington;!Robert Durst, Cleveland, Ohio; LoganThrelkeld, Nicholasville, William,Cooper, Davis Hutchcraft, Douglas iClay, William Howard, Raymond McMillan, Fay Ardery, Harry Horton, 'Clarence tfarbee, John Price, Sidney'Ardery, Jr., Harry Brent Fithian, 'John Keith Vansant, Oscar Hinton,Holt Daniel, Lyons Boards, CharlesW. Fithian, Hugh Ferguson. MauriceBurnaugh, Reuben .Hutchcraft, JamesBuckner, Blair Varden, Daris Weeks, ,KoyJ Batterton, Ireland Davis, WiliarnKenney Ferguson and Willliam Tay-,lor.Among the spectators were: Mr.and Mrs. Robert H. Ferguson, Mr. andMrs. White Varden, Mr. and Mrs CarlWilmotfh, Mr. and Mrs. Swuft Champ,Mr. and Mrs. James W. Ferguson,Mrs.' Frank Clay and Mrs. C. A. McMillan. iThe Children's Missionary' Societyof the Presbyterian church, will meett.the home of the pastor. Dr. B. M.Shive, on Duncan avenue tnis cvenisgfrom eight to. ten o'clock. All. thechildren of the church are invited andurged to be'present at this, the firstsocial of the season.Mr. T. E. Moore, Jr., has returnedfrom a six weeks' business trip to Perry county.Mrs. Wills Boston, of Cynthiana,is visiting Mr. and Mrs. JaynesSavage in this city.Mrs. W. H. Harris will return today after a three weeks' stay atVasalboro, Maine.Mrs. E. C. Arnold, of Covington,is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. AmosTurney.Dr. J. S. Wallinerford has returnedj to Paris and will engage in the prac-I tice of; his profession.Miss Margaret Feeney, of Covington, who was the gueat of Miss NellWoods, has returned home.Miss Samuella Spears, of Covington, is visiting her cousin, Mrs. EddieSpears Hinton, on 'Mt. Airy.Prof. M. A. Comack, who hasbeen teaching in Texas the past seasonis at home to spend hs vacation.Mr. Jack Turney entertained witha stag dinner Wednesday evening inhonor of his brother, M-. Amos Turney. Messrs. Joseph W. Davis andBuckner Woodford. Sr.,are at OlympiaSprings, to attend the Bankers' Conventon. Miss Lina Geisein, of Newport,and Mrs. Alhe West anc' son. Baronur.of Cincinnati, are the guests of Mrs.Prank Burns.lWrc TTronb- Pnrlmnn mkn .,,!.went a serious operation severalweeks ago, is quite ill at her home onLilleston avenue.Mr. Jerry Shrout, officer at the L.6 N. depot in this city left Tuesdayfor Texas and Mexico on a prospectingtour. He will be gone about twomonths.The Hamilton Guards, which is achildren's organization of the Confederacy, will' meet at the room ofthe Daughters of Uhe Confederacy inthe court house Saturday afternoon at4 o'clock.Misses Bessie and Lillian Naylor,of Indianapolis, farrived yesterday tovisit the family of their uncle, Mr. O.P. Carter. Jr., in East Paris, and willremain until the Turney-Hinton wedding. Their father, Mr. Harry C.Naylor, will arrive later.Misses Maragret and Edith Shivewill entertain with a lawn parly from7 to 10 o'clock this evening at theirhome on Duncan avenue in honor ofthe4members of their house party composed of Misses Elizabeth and Katherine Rucker. rd Louise Sanders, ofCampbellsville, a: d Sarah Sanders, ofLebanon.Mrs. Mary Prall Mason, who hasbeen the guest of Mis. Georgia Stuartreceived a telegram yestculay that hernephew, sen ct John Satuait Prall,was seriously ill. Mrs. Mason andMrs. Stuart left immediately for Perryville, but on their arrival found thatthe little fellow had died at Jlis homebefore they arrived.Mr. W. n. TTintnn. wlm rpnntlvsuffered an attack of appendicitis andwho after several days' illness asable to be out, suffered a relapse Tues-day night Dr. J. T: Vansant calledDr. Barrow, of Lexington in consultation. Yesterday his condition wassomewhat improved and he was resting easy. Dr.John Freeman, a brother-in-law-f Mr. Hinton, arrived fromLouisville Wednesday night.At 10 o'clock Wednesday morning,Mrs. J. T. Vansant-entertained with abreakfast at her home on Pleasantstreet for Miss Edna Earle Hinton.Unknown to her guests the hostesshad secured their baby pictures, andthe guessing as to their identityafforded much amusement. Six of theyoung ladies tied for the prize, adaintily framed motto, and it was secured by Miss Anna Coleman VanMeter, of Winchester. Each of theyoung ladies had been requested tobring arecipe, suitable for the cooknooic oi tne unae-eiect ana they werepresented to Miss liniton, each with atoast. Those present were: Missesrxina Earle Hinton, Mary FithianHutchcraft, Mary Woodford, ElizabethSteele, Martha and Anna ColemanVan Meter, Marguerite and LucilleMorris, Nancy Griffith. Elizabeth Holt,Rachel Wiggins, Helen Hutcchraft;Mesdames Joe Varden, Charles McMillan, Lou Taylor, John Davis, WilliamB. Ardery, Withers Davis aid J.Frank Clay.Reduced Pricesj on ail whitevalues $1.49.pumps S2.00 and$2.50any a pair now.DAN COHEN.Melons on Ice.Fine, swet Georgiaice at all times.J ASwatermelons onE. CRAVEN.Called Meeting.A Mass Convention of Republicans13 called for Saturday, July S,fcat 1:30p. m. at old Christian church for thepurpose of selecting delegates to stateconvention to be held in LouisvilleJuly 11, 1911.GEO. W. STUART, Chairman.W. A. THOMPSON. Sect,LOST.On Sunday between Eighth street andOpera House a hat pin ytfth brilliant!setting. Finder please return to Bour-1bon News and receive suitable reward.FOR RENT.Desirable five-room residence on thebest part of Vine street. Address box234. - 16 3tFOR RENT.Good stable, corneivTnth and Highstreets. Apply toWM. GRANNAN; ,Elks Building.-i" '-TL:Sr3Chance.You will never have a better chanceto secure a nice home or a more beautiful building lot than on June 27 whenthe Overby property on Seventh streetwill be sold at 2:30 p. m. See ad inanother column. tdWE DOPlain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines, Automobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sam'! Kerslake & Son.AH the Outdoors AwaitsYourKODAKKodaks $5 to $110Brownie Cameras $1 to $12Daugbcrfy Brosr.A tarelaW S '-MiKRR m. Jfl & ftmmmmmBwmmmmwmmmmmwwmmmmBmmmmmmwMBATREMENOOUS$ 1 .70.Don't Pail to Get One ofthesePEDESTALSeither in Golden Oak orMahogany finishTHERE ARESEVERAL PATTERNSDon't Fail to get one early, as there are$1.70A B,G ARGaiNSpecialBis Reductions on Porch &RUGS AND raQDFTSiTlfl&-V:X- ",! "-M.Tr. ' A lX . v--'4. X i v ,jkA -,-,'r i i ...nt Kim itrto, ' "Viiiii ii id ii n'tfi lattdly laiSpecial.LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.:W. Ed.iIFEESStar Brand HamsThe Ham That Am,Our Price per PoundII15cArgoThe Best3 Five CentFEE'S!n- . .sTSomething Every One Oan Use.EggSi'. "MxPISj4BaBBBBBBBBBBE?BBBBBBBBBBiPrices on Wall Paper.AT R7SOr.A!Ns THis WFFKVUDOR PORCH SHADES AND HAMMOCKS.Tucker.I"iCut RateCash Specialsi:IStarchStarch MadeBoxes For 10cflaaaWVALUEI$ 1 .70.These PEDESTALS areof two heights 36 and30 inches.The tops and bases are12 inches in diameter.Every one is polishedand heavy posts. Theyusually sell for $3.50.only fifty of them.$1.70Lawn Goods IONaV IIaaV - 1ST-.-iaaiWTOE B0URb6n; NEWS; PAH1S,. KENTUCKY, JIINEJ23, , 1911,3c' G00DNEW$.VI mm mm fr1ltrr.xV.' !Judged by HisShoesThe successful man wears The Stetson Shoebecause it stamps him as a man of prosperityand good taste.The Strut is one of the latest Stetson creations. Stetson artists have built into this shoethe smartness and satisfaction that are theyoung man's delightIt costs more by the pair to bewell-shod in Stetson Shoesnut try tnem lor a year in -Cthe end they are cheaper. '!.--Mitchell & BlakeritoreStetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year. "Many Paris Readers Have. HeardIt and Profited Thereby."Good news travels fast," and thethousands of bad back sufferers inParis are glad to learn that prompt relief is within their reach. Many alame, weak and aching back is bad nomore, thanks to Doan's Kidney Pills.Thousands upon thousands of peopleare telling the good news of their experience with the Old Quaker RemedyHere is an example worth reading:Mrs. Mary Witzburger, W. Mainstreet, Carlisle, Ky., says: "I canrecommend Doan's Kidney Pills highly. My kidneys were out of orderfor years, causing my back to ache severely. There was a soreness throughmy hips and loins and I also had trouble from the kidney secretions. Doan'sKidney Piils brought me prompt relief. I might add that another member of my family also used them forweak kidneys and was helped in a likemanner. I am fully convinced thatDoan's Kidney Pills are the best remedy to be had for kidney complaint."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name -Doan's andtake no other.j u in. r. sIt's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sunt nor crack in the bitterest cold.It's made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.. AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, III.;ParisJLumber and Manufacturing' Co., Paris, Ky.DR. DOLLE,WALNUT STREET, between 5th and 6ili Sts.egular Graduate in Medicine Over 20 Years' Practice Over 1 8 Yrs. in Cincinnatir;:v:: chronic, Nervous Special DiseasesConpnltttlon free and confidential, peraonilly or by letters. Cbarces low. NERVOUS DEBILITY sua CAMTAGIOUN DISEASES caused b indiscretions and excesses-perma-nentlycured. Wntemetodar.oxplaining your disease, and I will send myM W0.01M C( paces, in which yon will find information that will bei V9 E fc K m KM K worth its weight in gold to yon. Book sent sealed in plainm rapperfree Dy mail or at office.WKITE TO-DAY TO CTJTCINXATrs OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST TO MEN.ttSSSMSX&SSSSXK SM&3SX?S.WE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SHINGLES, POSTS,SftSHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD ANDSOFT COAL,AGENTS FORAmatiteBritish Consumption of Tobacco.The people of Great Britain consume less tobacco a head than anyother civilized people of the world.Saved His Wife's Life."My wife would have been in hergrave today," writes O. H, Brown, ofMuscadine, Ala., "if it had not beenfor Dr. Kind's New Discovery. Shewas down in her bed. not able to getup without neip. a tie nau a severebronchial trouble and a dreadfulcough. I got her a bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery, and she soon beganto mend, and was well in a shorttime." Infallible for coughs andcolds, it's the most reliable remedyon earth for desperate lung trouble,hemorrhages, lagrippa. asthma, hayfever, croup and whooping cough.r0c, 1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Prevents Corrosion of Boilers.By subjecting boilers to weak electric currents from dynamos throughapparatus he has Invented an Australian scientist claims to preventtheir corrosion by the electro-chemicalaction of the water."gg Take Your Wheat, Your Corn and Buck wheat to the Grist5 Mill, But Come Here for YourI MltJL WORK! 'jfj We are headquarter for everything in that line. Sash, Doorsjj Blinds, Storm Door.-?, Serpen Doors, Window Screens, etc., etc.. atj 1 owest prices. tJ TEMPUN LUMBER CO.Lightning Kills Few.In lilOfi lightning killed only 1G9 people in this whole country. One'hchaiices of deatli by lightning are lessthan two in a million. The chancej of death from liver, kidney or stom, aoh trouble is vastly greater, but notit jjjiectric meters be used, as RobertMadsen, of West Bcrlington, la.,proved. Four doctors gave him upa'ter eight months of suffering fromvirulent liver tiouble and yellowjaundice. He was then completelycured by Electric Bitters. Thej''rethe best stomach, liver, nerve andkidney remedy and blood uurilier onearth. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.ReboIIed Eggs.Eggs which have been boiled andyet not used may be kept and reboiledagain -without becoming hard boiledThis is not generally known, but ir theegg has been soft cooked it may beput Into boiling water for a few minutes to warm through and served forJ breakfast the next da v.30Touring Car $1 9OOQP. O. B. DetroitilsWrvV2i. xmirZL.FSE-MrPOWER To go anywhere. '.-.RELIABILITY-NoneIeverworeIout.ECONOMYEasy on tires and fuel.APPROVED-By 25,000! owners.ForeDoor Model $1 100; Roadrster Model$1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.ttloodino Blood and KidneyThIo pnrp Tv"irlnpv nnil "RlnrldprI Diseases by curing the cause.The Bloodme Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gent'emen.-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodlne Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box ou sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.'Emr?mrwtfinVarden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.DruggistHave Stood The Test.1 Tfettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettletori shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.3Geo. M'WillamsNo more'ticketsJ;given on raffle until further notice pmmzmmsmim&mmxjBmM!PUBLIC SALE.OFHandsome City ResidenceAND .Three Beautiful Building Lots.We will sell at public auction, without reserve or by-bid, onTUESDAY, JUNE 2T, 1911,at 2:30 p. m, on the premues, on Seventh street, in Paris, Ky., the W. T.OVERBY PRO PERTY, which is described as follows:A certain house and lot situated on the South side of Seventh street, lotfronting 100 feet on said street and extending back 195 feet more or less, andcontaining a handsome brick residence of nine rooms, three halls, two porchesbath room; and concrete cellar under the entiie house. 'This is a modern, fconvenienf hcume, in excellent lepair, fitted with galectric light, chandeliers, heated by furnace and has a slate roof. Outbuildings consist of a stable, chicken hcue, meat house, etc., and has a snlendiu(garden, grape arbor, fruit and shade tres.At the same time we will sell three adjoining building.lots, one fronting 55-feet on Seventh street and exter.dsng back 195 feet, more or Joss, and twofronting 50 ieet each on same street and extending back 307 feet, morejor lete.Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the'diseaed portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure ricafness and that is by coii'titulu nalremedies. Deafness is caused b aninflamed condition ot the nuuucuslining of the Eustachian Tube. W hen jJ this tube is inflamed you have a run;-'I tiling sound or imperfect hearing, and iwhen it is entirely closed, Deafnessis the result, and unless the infiam-1mation can be taken out and this tuberastored to its normal condition, ho ir-!ing win oe aestroyea rorever; ninecases out of ten are caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free.F. J. CHENEY & COToledo, O.Sold bv Tlruagists, 7-lcTake flail1 Family Pills for constipation. Rooster Hard to Kill.A Buff Orpington rooster, missingfor three weeks, was found wedged Inthe wooden foundation of a haystackat Stanford, Kent, England. The birdwaa as thin as a lath, but now Is crowing as lustily as ever. It was twentylays without food.rEiiraEKCHARLES W. HECK.1SUCCESSORS TOThis property is located on oie of;the beat streets in P,aris, about twowlfckt f rom car line and business center of town, and is convenient and desira-rBlfe mvery respect.TERMS Easy and made4fnown on day a-f saie.HARRIS ASPKCS,WASH THAT ITCH AWYIt is said that there arc certainsprings in Europe that give relief ancure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by wasnin3in these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a tilp tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your lat cent to nudthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It. setat least a 25-cent bottle today. iWt s-MOLLIS AY & SETTLE6arriage and Repair shod at Paris. Ky;,V.Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years 'experience in the business.JYard at Office,Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us. 'We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost And will show you how you can pay for it After that we want to show yciour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber M'f'g Company,IncorporatedHPARIS, KY..ipo.'.' Real utDito. ' " yott -M KfV 15th and Mam'Sts.D.ffPEAKE;licfckiitr.ittom Phipoe 1 2; Z. T. 530V-fu : -. . &jr-X&- -V.-or-J vyL-ir,vf?-:T ''W".S"w, j ipi' - j yr !w 'iiw1 "--A'Skjsrr . t "Wfi. ' J --.Vt--V$THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE ,23; 1911,' - f?ff-.C7.W"tFREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVEGURED HIS CONSTIPATIONWhen a person lias become discouraged through years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesup trying, it is small wonder that hebecomes skeptical. And yet, to allnho have constipation, avc would say,"Try just one thing more."Wc wish you would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, .butbetter still, send your name and address to Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it of3'our druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un-FOR SALExt:o1 r,ci, ' Rnrriri- -ferret I! -patern. Will sell chap for cash. ICall phone 728 E. T., or addressder- jinpri " 'S FRENCH THOMPSON.Paris Ky. t -vi v-.' nmtaaemmexmBaldwin racKing o.,iiThelModel PackingiPlant,Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other goodthingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand'dealers.JBaldwin Packing Co.Paris, IKentucky.IWALTER'mxrpnNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every traingrowing: country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare: lightness of draft:handiness of operation;MADEdurability of construetion; ability to do perAfect work in any kindcf crain, accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knottenabsence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCcnturj is the latest type of b'nder.made by the people who cave theworld its first successful binder, anfinow jrive it itssaost successfulPIone a finder thatYERKES &AnnoyflcemeniiTo c fI have located in Pans for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.' I have been a builder for the"1 pasttwenty years, and can handle" yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on Bhrirtnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERMartin Bros.,Livery Mien,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingana Livery Business.The best Rigs for "hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at 'reasonablerates a first claw Automobile.MARTIN BROS.ionville, Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmerman of Harrisburg, Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample bottleand now have it regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away withsalts, waters and cathartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles scthat they will do their work againnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.FOR RENT.our room nouse, large cam anatler outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in the city limits.Apply to- T.P.WOODS,1 - 11 or ucjU. nrts.icjiNruaa9JIWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.BYWe'd like to send youour free catalog dr.-cribinjr it in full beforeyou decide on wcicabinder to buy.Drop us a card"Thm Be&l today ask forYmi" 1 CatalogKENNEY.WATER:Your attention is called to the.following rule:The use of hose is limitedto two hours per day, and inno case to be used betweenthe hours of 9 p. m. and 5a. J m.Many persons are allowing hoseto be run on gardens at night.You will please observe the aboverule, as I will see this is done.For each violation of the aboverule a fine of 2 will be imposed,and if not paid, water will beshut off.Paris Water Co.,NEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.Before and After.When a girl is engaged to a manshe believes him when he tells her hewould love to have her walk on himwith her tiny 'feet; after she is married to him she would be satisfied tohave him willing to put her rubbersoft her without 'acting as if It wereMlltag aW rCATARRH !Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that, cause catarrh. Atdie same timo Blood Balm (B. B.B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzed"nerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free -by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wash o Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because Wc know that it gives instant relief to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because-It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your Case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.J" I Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky Fairs for1911 as far as reported. " Officers offairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.George town, July 255 days.Lancaster, July 2( 3 days.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 23 days.Berea, August 3 3 days.Lexington, August 7 G days.Uniontown, August 8 3 days.Taylors ville, August 8 1 days.Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabethtown, August 9 1 days.Lawrenceburg, Angust 154 days.Leitchfield, August 15 4 days.Burkesville, August 15 4 days.Brodhead, August 1G 3 days.Fern Creek, August 16 3 days.ShepherHsville, August 22 4 days.London, August 22 1 days.Hardinsburg. August 223 days.Shelby ville, August 22 1 days.Liberty, August 233 days.Erlanger, August 23 4 dajs.Germantown, August 243 days.Nicholasville, Augast 293 daysSomerset, August 29 1 days.Bardstown, August 30 I dars.Franklin, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 46 days.Monticello; September 5 1 days.Alexandria, September 3 5 days.Mount Olivet, September 5 4 days.Hodgenville, September 53 days.Sanders, September (5 1 days.Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,Saptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 20 4 days.Glasgow, September 27 1 days.Mayfield, September 27 4 days.Cut Flowers In the Morning.A flower cut In the morning willlast twice as long as one cut later inthe day.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. 4iIt was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn. clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so 'carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. Is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle wijl give you positive proof oftne wonaerrm effectivenessgreat -remedy. -of thisA Long SleepByN LOUISE B. CUMMINGSCopyright by American Press Association. 1911.There have been many cases of persons who have laid for months eitherasleep or In a trance, and there isone instance of a girl who lay elevenyears in such condition. Thereforethere is nothing improbable or, atleast, impossible in the following story:Jeannette De Forest when she wasten years old was run over by awagon. She was picked up unconscious, carried home, and a physiciancalled in immediately. He examinedthe little girl carefully, found no severe contusions, no bones broken and.so far as he could judge, no internalinjury. He said that she bad doubtless lost conscioubiioss from the shuckshe had received, but would soon cometo herself.Now .leannette was the daugnter ofa very poor man. His father had beenwealthy, but soon after his son's marriage the family property had beenlost, and JeanncUe had never knownanything but poverty. She loved tohear her father talk of the "halcyondays." as he called them, when thefamily had lived in a big house in thecenter of extensive grounds and hadeverything one could desire. She hadheard the homestead's various featuresdescribed so often that she had gainedquite a correct picture of it in hermind's eye. Her father, who was avisionary man. talked about buying theold place when "his ship came in." andJeannette never tired of hearing himdescribe the room that would be hers.Despite the doctor's assurance thatthe little girl would soou return toconsciousness, she lay in a comatosecondition, or one of slumber, for sheappeared to be sleeping, year afteryear, without showing any sign ofawakening.One day, nine years after the accident, she opened her eyes. She wasnot in the dingy little room she badbeen accustomed to, but one furnishedwith every luxury. Moreover, shecould look out of a window and see theleaves unfolding on the trees, whereaswhen she had gone to sleep it waswinter. At some distance was a veryhigh chimney, nearer the arched wireand glass of a large conservatory, besides other things her father had described to her, could be seen from theroom he designed for her in the oldhomestead.Thinking she must be dreaming, sheblinked her eyes and tried to move.The latter was difficult, and somehowshe felt very differently from whenshe had gone to sleep. She noticedthat she very nearly filled the wholelength of the bed. Managing to raiseherself on her arm, she caught sightof her image in the mirrored door ofa wardrobe. What was her astonishment to see the reflection of a womaninstead of a child!Falling back on her pillows, she covered her eyes with her hands that shemight collect her scattered senses.Surely she must be dreaming, and yeteverything was as clear to her as ithad ever been when she was awake.What could it mean in the homestead, and a woman apparently between eighteen and twenty years ofage?Now, all these years that Jeannettebad been asleep she had had visionsof people passing and repaying abouther. An old man had often sat byher bedside, looking tit her curiously,as if studying her. He had often puthis Angers on her wristsand had feltgently of her head. Later a youngman had replaced him. lie had put asponge to the base of her brain, andshe had felt a prickling all over herbody. This young man had oftenlooked down upon her. not curiouslyas the old one, but pityingly, wistfully,and with an unrepressed love in hisejes. This was the only part of herlong sleep that seemed to at all real,though all her visions were flitting,and as to the time between them shecould take no account of that.She lay wondering how she hadbeen removed in one night. This wasall she knew of the interval fromher tumbledown home into this finemansion, how she should bave so increased in size, and thinking of 'theyoung man who had looked at herlovingly. Suddenly the door openedand she heard a voice say:"Examine her carefully today, doctor. She has shown signs of awakening since you were last here.""I will," replied a voice that sounded familiar to Jeannette, and in walkedthe young man who had appeared toher In her sleep.When he saw her looking at himwide awake he started. Then a sudden joy lit up his face, and, 'raising hiseyes, he exclaimed:"My God. I thank thee!"Reopening the door, be ran ont Intothe ball and called:"She has. awakened!"Then Jeannette's mother came in.and. seeing her daughter looking at her.would have thrown herself upon herhad not the young doctor restrainedher.He sent every one out of the roomand told Jeannette of her accident, ofher long sleep and of a legacy thathad enabled her father to buy backthe homestead.Jeannette lived to be a comparativelyberithy woman. She , married theyang"doctor who attended her duringthe last two years of her slumber and .twbo she arers kept her alive by therioveHgnt,bf his ejta.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of the!Century, B. B. bV Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlvmercury, with pure Botanical ingreotents. To prove it we will send vnn -iSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.IIf you have ulcers, eating sores, Iitching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains,offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Halm. All cvmnHo v.iquickly. Blood is jnase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or bjexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for houie cure. Samplesaenu nee uy wricing uooa ualm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleeana iree medical adviceSold by Varden & Son.given.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are ShowinrriV moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our prestenvhandsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsfliir. r.nnr..-v. 4. 1- J.1- i Jl - fflui ocaauu iu icuuii me laea OIevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.S5M5!Meet Us Face to Face!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class"goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our, Window Display of $15.00 Suits.TwinLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.AttendTwin Bros.Big daleNow Going OnTWINTwo Big Stores in OneH - Paris, KentuckyIS 'sfnuififfKKSffniBANK STOCK.,If you wish to sell your bank afeecfcprivately or publicly, place it witkAUCflONEER M. F. KENNEY.J 14 mch 3m E. T. pboe ftM.-OVER 85 YEAIEXPERIENCETradc MarksDesignsCopyrights AcAnvone sending a sketch and description mayqnlckly ascertain our opinion free whether miinvention is probably patentable. Corasunlcations strictly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentsaent free. Oldest ncency for seennnjr patents.Patents taken through 31 una & Co. receiraspecial notice, without cairge, la theScientific American.A handsomely illnstraf el weekly. Tersest tHrrulation of any Fcientitic journal. Terms. S3 ayear: four months, $L Soldbyall newsdealer.MaNN&Co.3S'B'- New YorkBranch Office, 623 F SL. Waahtnirtoa. D. CHat and ColdBAT IISHot and cold bathsEverything neat and', barbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait3 iou are nezt.M. A. KAHAL.MiaONEBfiOPdzrra the Uirsnt of a "jrapey0chicken destroys the woras.end saves tha chfek's life. Afavv drops a f-s drisblnz waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite iiarrfcosa and other chickdiseases.30c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.I verv- r1 ver should vep a botti o'SSSV.hl' A----bFor Sale by W. T. Brooks.iangBrosrBROS.,Cor. 7th and MainbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI MMrwOnVv i-4 f-a V-'n- VH-1It"i""Sis -,'A4R- .-."yN4 -Gk-S. Vardei.&'Son."SafSSaril-" ,w wir4viA.JLkvi rmft I?!- TZj-4-- ti.-.THE BOURBON NEWS, P KEmJGIt JUNEiMi;r'-rtfi.--l-?. "MILLEKS1UKG ITEMS.thetheB.The second annual meetings ofEpwwth League Conference ofKentucky Conference of the M.church. South, began here Tuesdayevening at eight o'clock. The delegates were greeted by a good audienceat the church the opening evening. Inthe absence of Miss Bessie Hardie thewelcome address in behalf of theMillersburg League was delivered byMrs. W. A. Butler. In behalf of thehomes and churches of Millersburg byDr. J. 0. A. Vatught, Presiding Elderof the Frankfort district. The addresses were both good and Dr.Vaught emphasized tha fact lhat the"delegates are indeed welcome herewhich was attested by the magnificentiiudience now in their presence.Bishop McCoy, of Birmingham, Ala.,who is in charge of the National Epworth League work, delivered the response on "What the League Stands.b'or." His address was good andscholarly and he is unquestionablyfamiliar with the needs of the league.At the close of the work an informalreception was given by the people ofMillersburg to the delegates, at whicheverybody was given an opportunity tobecome acquainted.Wednesday morning hrought a fewslight changes in the program. TheBible course of study which was announced for S:30 a. m. was called onat S and was conducted by Hon. J. G.Crabbe. President Eastern KentuckyState Normal School, Richmond. Heoutlined on the blackooard a line ofwork for teachers, urging upon allteachers to ffiniliarize themselves.with the Bible, to make this, as othertext books, their friend, to becomethoroughly conversant with it, makingnotes upon the margin of its pages, of"portions they meant to emphasize andof paragraphs that needed carefulstntiy.In the absence of Mrs. J. E. Grubbs,of Winchester, the foreign work ofthe Mission Study Class was conducted by Mrs. .Jas. "Spillman, of Harrods-Frankfortdiatricti showed ' decidedadf ancem't over the last year: Thereports ot tht individual' leagues ofthe'Cbvingtorp and Danville districtsthen followed. A number of newleagues have been organized andseveral dead ones revived. ,Just before tne noon hour Prof. CC. Fisher, of the M. F. C, and Col.C. M. Best, of the M. M. I., occupieda short time in talking in behalf oftheir schools, each of them urging theconference to make their grounds andhouses headquarters during their stayin Millersburg.At noon the conference took a.receESuntil 2 p. m,, when the session wascalled to ordtr by President Watts aridthe work of 'Ep worth League Organizations and Methods" was taken up,led by Dr. Josephine -Hoggins, otFrankfort. A number of queries wereput in by Dr. Hoggin and she urgedupon the conference the necessity cfmaking notes of these answers is thatthey might have them toUake to theirhome leagues.This was followed by Rev. LeunidasRobinson, Presiding Elder of theShelbyville District, on "Psychologyas Appiled to Child Study." At threeo'clock the work of the Home Fieldwas taken up by Mrs. Jas. Spillman,of Harrodsburg, and the best addressof the day was delivered. Mrs. Spillman is nut only a brilliant woman buta profound thinker and a fluent speaker. She paid her respects to the politicians who were doing little or nothing to aleviate the child labor problemand said that this must be the work ofthe church. She asked for a hundredgirls that would go with her to themining camps where vice, crime andsin reign supreme.The conference was called to orderWednesday evening at eight o'clockwith Preisdent Watts in the chair.The exercises of the evening were incharge of Bishop McCoy. A largeaudience was in attendance. The songservice which preceded the sermon,which was pleached by Bishop' McCoy,was good. At the close of the sevicca short reception was held.burcr. Considerable time was snenton the popular missionary book, ' Public Sale o! Valuable Property"Corea in Transit." Mrs. Spillman j The handsome residence and groundsmade a short address emphasizing the of y. t. Overby, on Seventh street,need of leaders and workers. I wiu De sold in four parcei8 on TuesdayAt 9 :4a hf teen minutes wre spent afternoon, June 27, at 2:30 o'clock,in devotional exercises, after which This is one of the most desirableJKeV. T. W. WattS, President Of the, hnmos 5n Pnric nnH thn throo hniMinnKentucky Conference League took thechair. After a few remarks by President Watts the work of the morningwas taken up. During this time Bishop McCoy occupied the chair. President Watts in his address said that hehad tried to visit all the districts inthe conference, though he had notvisited all the individual leagues. Rejinrts of the Covington, Danville andlots adjoiningParis.can't be equaled inBlue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you withsacks. Both phones.6 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.rV '"J5AnOrdinancefor Constructionof PayementsCity Hall, Paris. Ky., June 22, 1911Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the city of Paris,Kentucky.That the hereinafter named propertyowners are hereby required to construct sidewalks in front of theirproperty, abutting on the streets hereinafter named. Said sidewalks are tobe of the present established width onsaid streets and are to be constructedof concrete with concrete curb according to the specifications to be submitted by the Improvement Committee.The construction of a sidewalk mustbe completed not later than thirty(30) days after thejpublication of thisordindance. If the said work is notcompleted by said time the City Council shall, after advertising for bids forthe construction that remains to bedone, let the contracts and issue warrants to be a lien on the property.The property owners required to construct sidewalks under this ordinanceare as follows:FOURTHS TREET, N. E. SIDE.L. Frank Estate.R. K. McCarney.Mrs. Wm. Hukill.PLEASANT STREET;Between Fourth and Fifth streetsN. Kriener.J. T. Hinton.Mrs. T. F. Roche. fGeo. Ingles Estate.First Prebsyterian church.L. Frank Estate.CYPRESS STREET.Dr. F. P. Campbell.Wm. Burley.Mr. Kenney (Walter Clarke, Agent.)J. H. Stivers.J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. Hayden, City Clerk.Doing ,One's Best.It Is a very great thing for us to dothe very best we can do, just whereand as we are. Babcock.Attend the Concert.Attend the concert to be given byMiss Mary Dan Harbeson and Mr.Robert Harbison' at th Methodistchurch Friday, June 30. Tickets onsale at Mitchell & Blakemore's. Admission 50 cents.A TIMELY TIP!Get Your Summer Footwear Prom Us.Ther's An Advantage.We Sell High Grade Footwear at a Great Saving.We Sell Nothing But Shoes,Shoes is All We Sell,But We Do Sell Shoes.We Seil and show more Footwear than any other store in the city.We -sell all the latest style Footwear.Specials For SaturdayLadies' White Kid and Canvas Pumps,' with or without straps, former price$2.49 and $1.99.Special $1.49Men's comfortable Olive Elk and Canvas Outing Shoes, just the thing forthe warm jweather.Special $1.24Infants' Soft Sole Slippers in White and Tan Kid, 25c value 14cDkN COHEN336 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyJail Property tobe Kemtdeled.A strips ground,nin feet in width,a long the line of the double track otthe Louisville &, Nashville railroad inthis city, will necessitate the tearingaway of the residence at the countyjail and the construction of a new one.This is one of the propositions submitted by the railroad company to theBourbon Fiscal Court and from an unocffiial source it is learned this proposition has been sanctioned by a committee appointed by the court to confer with the officials of the road.While the new building will be narrower than at present it will be ofgreater length, and will be locatedsome distance farther from Mainstreet. The railroad company willbear all expense of the construction ofthe new building, work on which it islearned is soon to begin. While theremodeling is in progress Jailer JoeFarris and family will occupy the residence property directly opposite thejail recently acquired by the L. & N.from Mr. R. K. McCarney.Shirts at 69 Cents.A special for tomorrow. Come inand let us show themJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Special Prices.Special prices on rugs at J T. K inton's this week.Auto Hits Traction Car.Wednesday evening when Mr. andMrs. Virgil Gaitskill, of Austerlitz,were returning from Lexington intheir auto, they collided with an interurban car badly mashing up the machine. Mr. Gaitskill was going outNorth Limestone trailing behind thecar, when it stopped suddenly, directly in front of him. The impact smashed the radiato and one lamp of themachine. Neither of the occupantswere injured. The machine was takento the garage of Thos. e;vhurst forrepair. Mr. and Mrs. Gaitskill returned home on an interurban car.Ladies' Canvas Pumps.Ladies' white nanvas pumps at $2. 48,regular pi ice $3.50. Cash only.GEO. McWILLIAMS.RELIGIOUS.Elder Carey E. Morgan will fillhis -pulpit at the Christian church atthe usual hour Sunday morning, hissubject being the second of a series ofsermons on "The Home." Specialsong services. No services will beheld at night.Mrs. Robt. Lee Frank and twochildren and Miss Carrie Frank leavetoday for a two months' visit to LakeChautauqua, N. Y.Preaching Sunday morning atPresbyterian church at 10:30 bypastor, Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive.services at night on account ofMethodist revival.Prayer meeting next Wednesdayevening at the Presbyterian huich at7:30 instead of Tuesday afternocn.Preparatory services at thePresbyterian church Saturday afternoon, June 30, at 4 o'clock. Communion srevires the following Sabbah.6ur Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverwe can give you anythinga teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.tevi ur rj i?. f. n r- rft 1 1 g a - iiiaiirrrH Both' Phones. IIandfromCUT GLASS!!l?!???T?rhJ?Tt?':?'4?S?iNo pressed-fingered blanks Every piece handmade and hand cut. Many new things new cuts,new designs, the popular Rock Crystal in manynew patterns at surprisingly low figures. If youare interested we will make a visit worth yourwhile.thetheNotheFORD & CO.Only three Refrigerators left. Come in andlet us price them. All "White Mountain."Vitf 444:iAbout Our Sale fldain$$$(ft)fl- Did you read our last ad about it?You should read it, because it toldhow you can save some moneyif you have any Furniture to buy.It's many a day since suchFurniture was sold in this townat anything like the prices.It will likely be many a daybefore it happens again.If there's a thing at all that youneed, come during the next 15 daysReally you can't afford to stayaway.Read this list:Carpets,Rugs,Lace Curtains,Cook Stoves,Ranges,? Furniture. y.$!(0)The New Better Value StoreE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" Buildingr-iJ9.Kk1211iri J!- v - 4,arm V - , mAT THEBIG;?V ELECTRIC SIGNBOTH TELEPHONES-,.-o"1 ' .-: NfklJ??i "-"ir-T yw, m - JP- wa& 'Aiii II I 111 - T' t-. '" " " . ,'A. -AM. . 'S t rw . . . -sr Ii .' J . & . . . kfir-K ..-LriotrBn iJ i