i V r ' 't -,;$.:tp?. v.THENEWS.-a .4"V-rPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1911.NUMBER 4BOURBONInsure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYLima! i Howard.Council Meets in Regular Session.The Council met in regular sessionlast night and Chief of Police ElgiiJolice Judge January and City Treasurer James McCIure filed their reports. The report of Treasurer McClure forthe month of December shows a balance on hand of $858 374.47. PoliceJudge January's report for the monthot Decemher showed a toUl of $199.50assessed in fines during the month.Chief of Police J, C. Elgin Jfiled hisreport for the year uf 1910. A totalof 255 arrests were made during theyear, Chief Elgin making 66. Patrolman Thomas 89, Patrolman Link 75 1and Patrolman Bishop 3K. Theamount of fines as-esssd for the yeartotaled $2,208.50 ot which $1,211.50were paid in cash and the remaindersuspended, worked out or replevincd.The Boz.rd of Health, composed ofDr. C. J. Clarke, Monroe Mansfieldand Dr. F. P. Campbell, elected at thelast meeting of the Board in December, took the oath of office. The newboard organized by electing Dr. Campbell as Chairman and Dr. A. H. Kellerwas elected as Health Officer for theensuing year.Chief of Police 'Elgin recommendedto the Council the appointment of another Patrolman .which was referredto the Police Committee to report atthe next meeting of the Council.stW C it TkCP WI save me umerence. fI Start Right in 1911.Pay the Cash for Your Goods and wlaei kjui or tne credit naoit. iNotice these Prices, ThenS , . v. .$ look at lour jdiu soStandard Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00 yij4ft 2 Cans Elephant Corn. 15c W3 Cans Baby Bunting Corn 25c yjPride of Illinois Corn 1 Hi.' J- 1.10c $jffy 2 Cans 3 lb. Standard Tomatoes.. 1 5c yfW Asparagus Tips, Libby's, per can 25c JrcSty Asparagus, Libby's, per can 25c jHf "5 Rso I Skrijkf 'Cftrin I A .j uuio mnvrw uuap .. v.Sty 3 Boxes Matches 10cAribuckle's Coffee, 2 lbs 45cOld Reliable Coffe, per lb 25cThe Grocery Store of Quality. &T. O LENIHAN, Prop. , IBoth Phones 234 &John Delaney Killed in Clark.John Delaney, of Paris, was shntand killed by Frank Taylor on thefarm of Steve Swift, five miles fromWinchester Tuesday afternoon aboutfive o'clock. Chief of Police MeCordaccompanied by Coroner Nunnelly,both of Winchester, upon receiving information of the killing drove to theSwift frm, where they placed Taylorunder arrest and lodged him in theWinchester jail.fI hero were no eve-witnesses to tretragedy. Buth men were employed by jAivin hicks, or cms cuy.wnu is vnyrtiied in the lumher business, and havingbought a number of trees fiom Mr.Swiff, was engaged inputting the timber and hauling out the logs.Shortly before the killing Hicks sawthe men in company at a gate leadingto the Swift farm and their failure toarrive at the barn with the team theywere driving prompted him to go insearch of them. On going out to theroad he found Delaney lying on treground with a bullet hole in his leftside. Lying close to his left hand wasa 32 calibre Smith & Wesson revolver.His cuat and shirt were badly powderburned.Returning to the logging camp hemet Taylor and asking him what hadhappened he was told that Delaney hadkilled himself. Taylor said he wasgoing to leave the camp but Hicks toldhim he must remain there. Hicks hadbeen working both men for a longtimebut had run outjof work for Taylor andthe latter had heen employed for thepast month stripping tobacco. Hickswas to give Taylor employment Wednesday morning.Bishop Delaney. a son of the deadman, said that he met layior who iuiuhim his father had killed himself.Previous to the killing Taylor was considerably under the influence of liquor.When the officials went to the Swiftfarm, where thev Dlaced Taylor underarrest, they foundhim lying on a bedwith his coat off and an empty revolver holster strapped under his leftarm. He admitted to the officers thatthe revolver found by the side of Delaney was his and that he had shot De!aney in self defense.The jury at inquiry held before Coroner Nunnelly returned a verdict thatDelaney came to his death hy a pi3tolfired by the hands of Taylor.Information of the killing was received here Tuesday night by relativesand Charles and J. E. Delaney, bothof this county, went to Wincnesterearly Wednesday morning to tauecharge of the remains, which werebrought to this city and taken to thehome of CharleslDelaney on (the Clintonvilla pike. The remains were interred in the Catholic cemetery yesterdayafternoon at 2 o'clock.PiitchIll f iumnqWwwwwTOGARDSThe most luxurious accessory in existance. Little soft stocking protectors foreverybody. Fit snugly over the forepart of. the bare foot, underneath thestocking. Will positively prevent thesheerest socks or stockings from wearing through at the toes.Price 1 0c per pair;.We have a full line of very handsome silk stockings for the ladies at75c per pair.1vtfkBfc JJBBJ JBBEjBfcBjEjBfr JE3WMMfcBCifci v l wjuf jt.3 $i-C. erS99Funeral Designs. r-When in need of funeral designs callJo Varden.Five Autos at Auction,,At the sale January 18 of personalproperty of the late M. Hume Chywill be sold five automobiles a chanceto get a good one for a low price. Seesale ad on page two.At Cost for Cash.We must raise cash at once. Allour millinery goea on sale at Icost andbelow for the next two weeks. Bringthe cash with you and let us surpriseyou with the rare bargains we areSf 4tin'C0RNE WATSON BAIRD.XIMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."Good Asparafus.We have just 25 dozen one pound tallasparagus, 15 cents single can or il.ouper dozen. & R CQ()K &wQVpiCLEARING SALE!OF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commences Saturday, Jan. 7mmmmmmwwmmwmmQQimuHmimiiiiniimHmmmmiiiiimmm flI FRANK & CO.cI The Ladicst Store.Suits and Overcoats sold at S30, now$2475Suits and Overcoats sold at $25, now$19.50,Suits and Overcoats sold; at -$27.50 and$28, nowSuits and Overcoats sold at $22.50, now$1 7.50WBmSuits and Overcoats sold at $20 and $18,Nom1 5$21. SOSuits and Overcoats sold at $15 and$16, now$12.50"" i$Announce TheirAnnual JanuaryClearance SaleAndSpecial Sale of MuslinUnderwear to BeginSaturday, Jan. 1 4th,EndingSaturday, Jan. 21 st.WkSrppial Prices on Bovs Suits and Overcoats.50 pairs Men's and Young Men's All-Wool Pants, sold from 1.50 to 3.50,rTinir.e SI. 00. - 5sfe6SMH& TJo-.rtr TPiaan TTnHonvpnr XXf.. wnrf.h hi)c. TOCSS . . .... . . . 1,PRICE & CO. Clothiers.4Come in and get your share of theBig Bargains.iMffcfijTirMfTrk ., -, ..-w-.w .FDAMk S, ,m5 girMiriiiiMiiWJWWwuiiwmiiiimiimiiniiwHiiiiHiiiHiiiiiiiHiiriHiiBirwumffiHmw. .- . trrA J!m"Efc. .Jt -m V0- -..-'- "- "-ri- "j " ' . li ' T . .v fT& V?"-tnt.118IVTHE BOURBON. NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 13,1911Ceffe faWins No. 994There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theifettieton ohoeywhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.mml2KGeo. M cWillams,The Shoe Man.ziWG&iz&mvisiMAlTHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES. 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, .$1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per. incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$L.OO SIX MONTHS, Payable in Advance$1.00That Tariff Commission.:NOW OPEN !Crystal Ice Cream ParlorUnder the new management is nowready for business. A full line ofCigars, Cigarettes, Tobaccos, Fruitsand Soft Drinks may be had. .Your Patronage Kindly Solicited.K. Adair.You Don't NeedCook Book in order to get up anicelinner or luncheon. Theyoungest and most inexperienced housekeeper can obtainat this grocery everything f r adinner from soup to desert, noarticle of which will requireexuert knowledge or lonff timeto prepare. Take a look at ourcanned goods and fancy groceries. They are wonderful helpsto young housekeepers.BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto: cs, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOOKS,?nrwi -aj1 1 ' y II. - L- M: MM?XJLlJ' fiSJmn-i I i iigffi mjiiwiim iThat do not a prison make'are no, the kind we keep. Oulocks, bolts, etc., are t-ia kindk that stay locked and bolted.They are not t03s. but arcstrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassure. Come and 'get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.LOWRY & TALBOTTAStttimBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.sWwwvlBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.Strange 'statements are sometimesiven out at the White House especially regarding legislation, and one canhardly believe g that 'President Taftauthorizes snme of these announcements. For instance, it is given outthat the chief aim of the President atthis session of Congress is the enactment of a law for a tarff commission ;for "the need of "the fpresent momentis to show the voters of the f countrythatlthe Republican party is the bestmedium for dealing with he affairs ofthe nation." From this we might infer that the propo&eri tariff commissionis an entirely partisan matter, although it is to Jbe styled "r.on-parti-san" but it is "intended to ffool thevoters once more into believing thatthe Republican party " is! the" best jmedium for dealing" with tariff reform. Evidently the Presidential ad-!visers are trying to play the same 'I game on the President that they havej advised him to play on the people.And the people must be shaking theirsides with laughter when they remember that the Republicans have just revised thp tariff, and that :PresidentTaft declared last summer at Winona'that the Payne-Aldrich bill is the besttariff measure ever enacted by the Re- j! publican party. If that was trun thenit must be true now, and the need for ja Republcan tariff commission mu&t befor partisan politics only.The Republican party, includin1 President Taft, can have no need for atariff commission unless it can be used Ito give some lame ducks a chance toget at the ,'pubhc crib; for after;March 4th the Republicans will haveno power to inaugurate tariff reformbecause the Democrats will be in command of the House of Representativeswhere all tariff bills must originate.The Democrats can have no use for a 'tariff cominisbion that they cannot r.on-'trol, and whose members are not inunison with the Democratic plan oftariff for revenue; for the informationthat such a commission would gather,or any advice that it might give.wouldvery naturally accord with the f:eublican party thatappointed it.If the President has been convertedto the Democratic position on the tariff and now really believes that tariffreform is necessary, and wants thetariff commission to save his face, soto say, and woild be willing to appointa majority of real tariff reformers onthe commission, then the Democratsmight be willing to help him out byvoting for the bill. But from theDemocratic standpoint of a tariff forrevenue, there is quite enough evidencein existence to prove its necessity, andthe only help needed is to to adjustthe several schedules so that both themanufacturer and the consumer willbe accorded exact justice, and theplundering "theoryjof protection"shall be laid on theshelf where it canno longer be invoked to protect the"special interests" or to rob the taxpayer. The single fact that Aldrich. Cannon, Payne and the other standpattershave suddenly commenced to favor atariff commission, when at the lastsession of Congressthey were utterlyoppossd to it, is evidence enough thatit is a partisan purpose which theyhope to effect. The game evidently isto make the insurgents believe thatthrough President Taft the stalwartsconspnting the Republican party is togo pn record as favoring a tariff commission, and then show the voters thatthe Republican party is united, andwould have carried - out their wishesfoi real tariff reform if they had notmade the great mistake of turning theHouse of Representatives and mightynearly the United States Senate overto the wicked Democrats.The theory of the tariff commissionmove is that with both factions of theRepublican party favoring such legislation, they may.as a forlorn hope, reelect President Taft as a tariff reformer and keep Congress in line on the"theory of protection."I "You can fooljall of.the people someof thejtime, some of the people all cfthe time, but you cr.n't fool all ot thepeople all of the time."PatriotismThe stomach is a larger factor in " life, liberty aai the pursuit of happiness" than most people are aware. Patriotismcan withstand hunger but not dyspepsia. The confirmed dyspeptic "is fit for treason, stratagems and spoils. The manwho goes to the front for his country with a weak stomachwill be a weak soldier and a fault finder.A sound stomach makes for good citizenship as well as forhealth and happiness.Diseases of the stomach and other organs of digestion andnutrition are promptly and permanently cured by the use ofDr. PIERCE'S GOLDEN NEDIG71L DISCOVERY.It builds up the body with sound flesh andsolid muscle.The dealer who offers a substitute for the "Discovery" Uonly seeking to make the little more profit realized on thesale of less meritorious preparations.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser is szntjreeon receipt of stamps to pay expense of mailing only, aend21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered book, or 31 stampsfor the cloth bound. Address World's Dispensary MedicalAssociation, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.SZbtStS3iS2SSS4322Stfi&)' v V-Jcjwr TBw CuBbSBBwBBBBBBAll the talking we can do in favor of FOX RIDGEwilljnot convince you of its superiorquality half so rapidly as asample load.Perry Asked to Produce Proof.Commander R. E. Peary, the Arcticexplorer, told the story ot his trip tothe Frozen North at a hearing lastweek before a sub-committee of theHouse Committee on Naval Affairs. RThe purpose was to furnish proofs ofhis discovery of the North Pule onApril G, 1H09, in connection with pending legislation for national recognitioncf his achievements.He produced all bis original 'notesand answered numerous questions.Cross-examination by Representative3-lacon, of Arkansas, who had announced his opposition to recognitionof the explorer, was postpjned .on Saccount of time taken in reading data.Macon asked especial light on thethirty hours Peary was at tne Pole andPeary read from his logbook detailinghi3 four hours' sleep, his journey beyond the Pole and back to the camp.W. C. DODSONPARIS, KY.csSsZStliQ&Ohas, SfBrent & Bro.?DEALERS INEscaped With His Life."Twenty-one years ago I faced anawful death," writes II. B. Martin,Port Harreison, S. C. "Doctors saidI had consumption and the dreadfulcough 1 had looked like it sui-eenough. I tried everything I couldhear of for my cough, and was underthe treatment of the best doctor inGeorgetown, S. C, for a year, butget no relief. A friend friend advised me to try Dr. King's New Discovery. I did so, and was completelycured. I feel that I owe m. life tothis great throat and lung cure." Itspositively guaranteed for cough-,cold and all bronchial afiections. f)0cand $1.00. Trial bottle free at Uber-dorfer's.HempField SeedsBluelGrass Seed4Both 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.Kentucky Banks Safe.None of Kentucky's funds will be j1 affected in any way by the failure ofthe Carnegie Trust Company in New j.York. Although State Treasurer Farley of Frankfort, has been ill withi acute indigestion he wired the variousdepositories of the state . funds to as-certain if this bank was their corres- jpondent in New York. Learning that'it was not Farley stated thatKentuckv ,I would lose no money by this big bark 'failure. " iEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDSample HelpsFrail WomenSo many women arc dracrzinEr outweary lives just because their diges-'tive organs are weak. The result is Ipoor circulation, nervousness and the'verge ot invalidism. It is often veryunnecessary and the woman's ownfault.The first thing to do is to look to thewelfare of your bowels. There the trou?i!ousu?Ily lies- AU Physicians knowh u a larSe Percentage of women arehabitually constipated, and from this results Indigestion, piles, weariness, etc.,H13 Jvomen constantly complain of."Si1 hereJlsJ? use taking "female remedies and things of that kind until youhave started your bowels to moving.You will find that when the bowels moveUiar onl? f.r twice a dfly a" yourpetty ills will disappear. Take a good.olH?Ja5atiYe ionic llke Dr- Caldwell'supPeplln f0L awhile and you willfind yourself rapidly getting better andstronger, your bowels will regulate themselves and work at stated times, andthen your headaches and dizziness willdisappear. Don't take strong catharticpills or salts, but just such a mild andpleasant-tasting remedy as Dr. Caldweli'aSyrup Pepsin.You can obtain a bottle of your drugst for fifty cents or one dollar, andeither size may be enough to permanently cure you. Thousands of womenkeep it regularly in the house and willno longer be without it. as it cured themand can be used with safety by everymember of the family, down to theyoungest child, but if you have neverused it take the advice of Mrs. Earl SCox 409 Twentv-fifth street. Mollne, 111..and Mrs. Ellen Dungan, Muncie, Ind., andsond to Dr. Caldwell for a free trial bot-H?.a! thT Id; and learn fr yourselfwnat it will do in your own case. ThatIt will cure you. as it did them, there isno doubt.Dr Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give you any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or familv pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case in aletter and he will reply to you in detail.For the free sample simply send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.60Q Caldwell building, Monticello, HI.For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North MiddletownLittlelRock andRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 'The East Tennessee Telephone Co.IncorporatedsTI FADAVIISALEIIONFINE PURSATIILOWENTHAL'S jThe Largest Stock in the Cily to Select From.IRepairing and remodeling at reasonable prices.M. LOWENTHAL, furrier,Lexington, KentuckyFayette Phone 687-YijHwmmmamiimmmamimA, '", - i-v v-? "THE BOURBON NLviS. PARIS, KENTUCKY,. JAN. 13,. 1911.MI,"M'IM,MM""M"""iMMWIBMMMtmMMiMMWiMMiMMMMIMMiMMMlMMiMMBMMMWBMOF THE SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREIs in every way comiag up to the required demands of the existing circumstances, a fact that is absolutely necessary under the present conditions of the business.New Low Cut Prices Are Made Daily As Kinds Become Broken It's a Mecca For the Thrifty and CconomicalBuyer Some of the Reasons For This Unprecedent Rush in Buying Follow:AllInPlain Figures.ComeandSatisfyYourself.The Entire Stock of Women's Suits at Half Price,The Entire Stock of Women's Coats at Half Price,The Entire Stock of Women's Skirts ab 1-3 off,The Entire Stock of Children's Coats at Half Price,$2.25 to $3.00 Women's Shoes, all sizes, all leathers, at $1.48, .$1.25to $1.75 Children's Shoes, sizes from 5 1-2 to 2, go at 95c,All the well-known Redfern Corsets 1-3 off and over,25c Ladies' Fast Black Hose, all sizes, best quality, at 15c.New Embroideries and White Goods at Cut PricesAllInPlain Figures,ComeandSatisfyYourself.Remember Everything Goes at a Out Price During This SaleAll Dress Goods, All Silks, All Cottons, All Linens, AH Hosiery and Underwear is Included.J. C. PIRATHSale Conductor for theSimon Dep't Storearis, "KLe:rifcTXol5L3r-rieBaldwin Packing Co.,"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicltsjyour patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by ail I first-class grocersand dealers.Baldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.i .bma. m .Hai m ."i rnt llHoTgUlCUb.A CORROBORATIONOf Interest to Paris Readers.IIIIIThe FamousIs the Lamp of Real Beautybecause it gives the best light of alllamps. The Rayo gives a white, sofr,mellow, diffused light-easy on theeye because it cannot flicker. Youcan use your eyes as long as you wishunder the Rayo light without strain.V The Rayo Lamp is low-priced, andeven though you pay $5, $10 or $20 forother lamps, you may get more expensivedecorations but you cannot get a betterlight than the low-priced Rayo gives. Astrong, durable shade-holder holds theshade on firm and true. This season snew burner ad'ds strength and appearance.Once a Rayo User, Always Onn.Dealers Everywhere. If not at yours, write for descnptwcircular to the nearest agency of theStandard Oil CompanyUKerporaiejRmo -I!jgBaLamb,Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.L. Co N. Loses in U. S. Court.United States Judges Warrington,Sandford and Uennison, sitting as thenew United States Court of Commeicain Covington Monday handed down adecision in the case of the Louisvilleand Nashville Railroad CompanyFor months Paris citizens have seen t against the State Railroad Commissionin these columns enthusiastic praise ' of Kentucky attacking the validity ofof Doan's Kidney Pills by Paris resi-! that body. The hearing of the argudents. Would these prominent people ments in the ca.se took place seveialrecommend a remedy tnat had not . months ago, the Court being the firstproven reliable? Would they confirm i of its kind to sit in the United States,their statements alter years had elapsed if personal epxerience had notshown the remedy to be worthy of endorsement? No stronger proof of i Nashville railroad sought to enjoin themerit can be had than cures that have I Kentucky Railroad Commission fromstood the test of time., The follownig interfering and dictating rates, claimstatement should Scarry conviction to ing that the State Railroad Commis-and the decision is .probably the firsthanded down by any body of that'kind.ihe atcorneys tor the Louisville andthe mind of every Paris reader:Mrs. J. W. Huffman. 315 N. Mainstreet, Paris, Ky., says: "I gladlycorroborate the J public statement Igave in 1905 in which 1 made the factknown that I had usedPills with satisfactorysharp pains across my backneys and at times I was so;sion was unconstitutional inasmuch asit conflicted with the power of theInterstate Commerce Commission. Atemporary injunction was granted atths time the case was heard, but theDoan's Kidney i Court refused to grant a permanentresults. I had i injunction on the grounds that it doesMargolen,iiL Paris, Ky. IImmmmmmmmCOME ON!ti&ttS&KLnwmrWe can do your JOBPRINTING of everydescriptionCards, Billheads, Circulars, Auction and Show Bills, Pamphlets,Law Blanks, Briefs, Blank Books.Labels at Reasonable Pricethat I could hardly attend to my work.Headaches and dizzy spells were alsocommon. Doan's Kidney Pills removed all thesp sympthoms of disorderedkidneys and I have never had anyturn attack.For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.and kid-' not consider the McCord act as an at-miserable J tempt to regulate interstate commerce.Many similar cases were referred to inthe document, which required over twohours of reading.The railroad is granted the right ofre-; appeal to the Supreme Court of theUnited Srates and the Court continuedthe temporary restraining order for aI period of '6V days or until final disposition of the case by the Supremej Court. The Court refrained from passing on the demurrers to the petition.The suit was precipitated by a complaint of the Greenbrier DistillingCompany, of Chapline, Nelson county,(against the railroad for excessiveI charges in rates per ton on 'coal ship1 ped from Eastern Kentucky. TheOur Railroad Mileage.We get our products to the consumer by 250,000 miles of railroad,which is three times theana- ! road declined to give andorate iianroaiJ commission ornerefi arailroad I reducioin of the rate, which the rail-mileae-fi nf r.reat ttrimin. Frnnps nnd I roaa declined to give and tiled an in-oil's Emulsionis a wonderful food-medicinefor all ages of mankind. It will make thedelicate,sickly baby strongand well will give thepule, anemic girl rosycheeks and rich, red blood.It will put flesh on thebones of the tired, overworked, thinwill keep theor woman in condition toresist colds or pneumoniain the winterman, andaged manrOH SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend 10c., name of paper and thlt ad. for carbeautiful S it! up Bant and ChildS SLetck-Book.Each b..nk contain Giwd Link Tenny.SCOTT & DOWNE, 409 Pearl St.. New Ywk"Germany combined.THRASHED NOT THRESHEDjunction in the Federal Court allegingthe commission is unconstitutional enthe giound that .it combined legislative, executive adn judical qualificatiors. Judge Cochran having affirmedfor the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroadbefore Judge Evans previous to hisappeintraentlon the bench in a similarcase, declined to sit, and passed thecase up to the Court of Commerce.Walter of the Bird-Meadow.Walter Von Der Vogelweide wasone of the principal minnesingers ofthe thirteenth century. He triumphed over Ileinricu Von Ofterdinger inthat poetic contest at Wartburg Castle, known as the War of Wurtburg.Note to one of Longfellow's Poems.Employment Agent You sayyou used to thresh in Kansas maybeI can get you a job on some farm.Applicant You misunderstand me.i'ci a school cher.Care of Screens.Window and door screens usuallyget Aery dusty during the latter partof the summer, and it is poor economy to put them away in that condition; neither Is It a good idea towash them just before storing unlessthey are most carefully dried to prevent rusting. Kerosene applied witha paint brush cleans the wires betterthan water, -and also prevents rusting.A Sensitive Ear.The poet, Malherbe. the founder ofthe purity of the French language. wa3very sensitive on the score of diction.When, during his last moments, hlaconfessor, by wax of encouraging him.I began to enlarge on the joys of paradise. "Slop." cried Malherbe. "Yourungrammatical &tyle is giving me aI distaste for them!"! What a Man Really Wants.Charity is a fine thing, but a chasej to make cood is usually appreciatedPerfectly Natural."They say he fell in love with herwhen he saw her dancing in her bare ,feet." "He probably Inherited his lik-1more.ing for bare feet,foundation of hisodist."His father laid thefortune as a chirop-Due to Man.Whatever be a man's rank or station he ought to be treated witk mildless and civility. Duke of VVelllaxtoa.,1'- . V, A ...V--Vw"Vr-v.' ?, ''c fTHE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, REmJtkY, JAN. 13, 1911.V!:-ANNO UNCMt. IJANUARY CLEARANCE SALEHc H 1 H iMH HHMHBBHB bIIMuslin Underwear and White&m H B BH fitMEShSaEpSWnlEnds Saturday, January 28th.When we say Clearance Sale we mean abig cut in prices in every department. Good, clean merchandise at greatly reduced prices. We wish to call your attention to our beautiful, new, clean Muslin Underwear at prices that will astonish you. We will also include in this SaleSilks, Towels and Crash, Lace Curtains,Dress Goods, - Counterpanes, Chiffon and Silk Waists,Wash Goods, Laces, , Umbrellas,; White Goods, Embroideries, Dress Skirts,y, Linens, Handkerchiefs, Silk Petticoats,?. Table Linens and Napkins, Fancy Linen Pieces. Comforts, Blankets, Etc.We will not quote prices on the above, but as usual will be "there with the goods.55None can undersell usWait for this Big Sale.The Tobacco Question.rSentiment is greatly divided amongthe tobacco growers of Bourbon countyas to whether or not the cut-out pledgeadopted at the meeting of the Burleygrowers held in Lexington recentlyshould be adopted, and when the representatives of the Burley TobaccoUnion meet the growers of the countyin this city Saturday to secure pledgesto cut out the crop of 1911, they arealmost sure to meet a strong opposition. It is claimed by the advocates of thecut-out movement that the majority ofthe growers of the county favor theendorsement of the pledge while onthe other hand the opposition contendsthat eighty-five per cent of the growers of the county wish to raise cropsof tobacco this year.The News has taken particular painsto look upon both sides of the controversy and has interviewed prominentmen who are both for and againstwhile those who favor the plan thinkthe cut-out pledge is the only instru-! ment with which to fight the trust.At the meeting to be held in tinscity tomorrow a larg e number lof tocacco men representing! both factionsin the controversy are expected to attend as more interest is manifested inthe matter at present than at any timein the past year.movement planned by the Hurley Tofcscco Union in securing pledges to cutout the crop this year.A number of growers, looking for-i r wara to puning in laige crops cms season, have eitner leased or purchasedlands with this object in view and con-Jtracted with tfiiart for handling thejcrops. One farmer last year mace a jcontract for two crops of tobacco. In Jxaiu ne raisea more tnan one ,nunureaseres and should he cut out the 1911crop it wculd mean a great financialJobs to him. Other farmers claim thatby cutting out the crop it will meanfinancial ruin to many growers in thiscounty.K In ine contrary those wno are in la-are mostly growers who have on theirbands tobacco from previous yearsthat has not been disposed of and as acrop this year would only increase thebulk of tobacco on the market, theyfear glutting the markets with theweed will only force the price downward and they will suffer severe losses as a result.Those who oppose the plan of theBurley Tobacco Union say they are insympathy with any reasonable meansto combat with the tobacco trust butthe cut-cut movement came too late,Tobacco Barn Dynamited.About 6:20 o'clock Tuesday night atMt. Sterling an unknown person placed dynamite under the prizing roomof the Allie R. Robertson tobacco warehouse, on the Chesapeake and Ohiorailroad, and attempted to blow it up.The epxlosion shook residences in thecity and tore out the windows of theAlt. Sterling laundry.Good Things to Eat.Genuine Mexican chile con carne,tha ( chicken pot-pie, soup of all ;jinds andMay Have Perished in Fire.short order lunches of all kinds.E. H. BRANNON'S,Roar of Turf Exchange.Clearnnce Sale.Greatest Shoe bargains ever offeredin Paris. Ladies $1.25 Rvalue at $79cents at Dan Cohen's Shoe Store.RELIGIOUS.Rev. J. M. Maxon will be inpulpit at the Episcopal church 'Sundaymorning at 10 :45 and afternoon at 4o'clock.At the Comet.Two excellent pictues will be theoffering at the Comet Theatre thisafternoon and night the great Edisonfilm, "The Song That Reached HisHeart," and a Kalim comedy, "TheBorrowed Baby." Mr. Metcalfe willsing "The Ideal of My Dreams."MATRIMONIAL.Brent Marshall, aged about 46 yearsof Covington, vice president of thebrokerage firm of Early & Daniels, anephew of Mrs. Belle Brent Alexander, and a cousin of N. Ford Brent, ofthhis city, is believed to be one of :thesix persons buried beneath the debrisof the Commerce building in Cincinnati, that was destroyed by fire Tuesday night.Since the catastrophe' nothing hasbeen heard of Marshall and it is almost certain that he was buried beneath the tons of debris when the roofof the immense structuie, weakenedby the fire that wrs raging in the up-per stories gave way.Marshall was known to have bem inthe building when the alarm of firesounded. He had been to the home "ofhis sister, Miss Bessie Marshall, andhad returned to the office of thebrokerage firm to attend to some important business. When the alarm offire was given he rushed from theoffice into the corridor to make an investigation. He was informed by an"oflice boy fofthe impending danger, but thinningperhaps that the fire was of small consequence, gave it little concern and issaid to have returned to the officewhere called another member of thefirm and conveyed the information tohim saying he would take care of ailthe valuables in the orrice. In anotherinstant while he was standing at thhis ! telephone the party at the other end ofthe line heard a thunderous roar, ascream and tne victim carried to thebasement below with the roof andwalls of the building.All efforts on the part of other members of the firm to again get in communication with Marshall proved futile. The Cincinnati Commercial Tribuneof Thursday contained the following:"Among those on the xnicsing listA marriage license was issued yesterday to Air. Thomas Fuller andMiss Bettie Miller.Public Sale of 35 Tennessee Jersey Cows, on Saturday,January 21, 1911, at 2 p. m., at T. G. MorrisLivery -Stable, Paris, Ky.,I will sell 35 high-grade milk cows. Twenty of these cows havecalves by side and 15 springers due to calve in ten or fifteen days.They are all young cows with second and third calves.Tennessee Jerseys need no introduction in this State, morethan four hundred having been sold in this county alone. Havingbeen selected with great care, this- is the best herd ever shippedto this point, such families as the Flying Fox, Golden Lads and St.Lamberts being represented. They are light fawn, golden anddark colored, well formed and the rich butter producing qualitiesof these cows are well known. These cows will be at Morris'stable two days previous to sale for public inspection. If you arein the market for a good milk cow, don't forget the date and attend this sale, for every cow will be sold to the highest bidder.Certificates for the tuberculosis test furnished with each one.Sale to take place rain or shine.GEO. MONTGOMERY, Knoxville, Term.Geo. D.. Speakes, Auct. . -perhaps none gave more promise of aneminent carepr than the vice presidentof the Early &. Daniel company. BrentMarshal."Born in Covington forty-six yearsago, a son of Mr. and Mrs JononMarshall, both now dead, he lived formany year with his sister. Miss Elizabeth Marshall, G6 West Fifth street.Previous to his connection with theEarly & Danrel company he was employed as a bookkeeper for 'the grainbrokerage firm of Peck & Woliscroft,this city. He continued his employment there until after the dissolutionof the concern. Subsequently he hecame affiliated with the Early & Daniel copmany and later became vicepresident."Although of aSymmes and Wallace Marshall. Symmes Marshall is a bookkeeper in theFarmers and Shippers '.Tobacco warehouse, this city."Brent Marshall is the third Covington man bearing the name of Brentto have met a violent death. Theother two were Brent Wuudall, son ofF. F. Woodall, a prominent young society man, who committed suicide inLouisville by jumping into the Ohioriver, and Taylor Brent, who j committed suicide by cutting his throat witha razor in 1(105."Fresh Fish Today.Fresh fish of all kinds received freshtoday and tomorrow. Phone us yourorder if ou want something good.T. LENIHAN,Jlobneel Grocery.First National Elects Officers.The directors of the Fjrs t NationalBank met Wednesday and elected thefollowing oiKcers: C. M. Thomas,President; W. P. Ardery, vice president; James McClure, cashier; R. F.Clendenin, assistant cashier, and II.W. Mann, bookkeeper.Flowers.We 2an furnish all kinds of (lowerson short notice.JO VARDEN.White Sale.All white goods at lowest possibleprices Hemstitched pillow casesworth $2.50 at this sale $1.45) perpair; Pure linen towles, 50 centvalues, sale pi ice 25) cents. Sale begins tomorrow.MISS JESSIE BROWN.Millinery at Cost.All our millinery, ribbons, flowers,birds, feathers, etc., go on sale Friday, .January 13 at cost and below.Sale lasts two weeks. This is a rareopportunity for the ladies to get bargains. We must raise cash so nothingwill be put on the books during thissalfl.13 4t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.lS?Rfiy.ffiSK3HK.lHK Xy WRWMWRRy .B3B JFMi 'fA.LI I kAlJS9kmMWBZiW t'LbMx yM hAsWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICES fChristmas Goal!Tho Christmns Spnson will lit all tho4fl merrier if your bins are full of coal.1 It brings good cheer as you speed themJ old year and you're started right when2J the new year's here.g It's No Trouble to Keep WarmX) with Our Coal.LUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFT gCOAL, jWE AREAGENTS FOR 'fgAmatite jRoofing.j TEMPLIN LUMBER CO. ji ! !-? ! t ! f? ! ! !f t $ U ft fc u U ?u u t t t tivI A Proclamation To You. I ifLiver Bros Sale.Auctioneer Geo D. Speakes reportsthe sale of Willis and Norman Liverat Centerville yesterday as follows:Horses SI 00 to $200; .one jack $.100;one-year-old cattle $26 per head ; one-vear-old heifers, $23 per i:head ; cattle iretiring Tdisposition shoats $8 to $12 per head ; gilts, bred,he was widely known among the grainmen of the city and country. In thesecircles his opinion even among thoseconsiderably older than he was respected, as he was considered an expert in all that pertains to grain andthat line of business."Socially he was prominent as a dcscendant of one of the best families ofCovington, who, until the death of hismother, participated and led in manyof the social festivities of that' place."The Marshall family are direct decesendants of John Marshall, at onecimechief justice of the United Statessupreme court Among those now living are a sister. Miss Elizabeth Mar-1shall, and three brothers, Charlton,S12 to $17.25; hroud sows, $22 to $24per head ; sheep, SG.50 per head ; cornin crib. $2.90 per barrel; clover hay,half weeds, $G.50 per ton. Good crowdand bidding spirited.The House of Quality.The same satisfied customers whohave been dealing with us for the 'lastforty'years are still buying goods ofus. There's a reason. We sell goodgoods at reasonable prices. Our guarantee has stood the test. We are offering this week some t rare bargains infurniture, carpets and "wall paper tomake room for spring goods.J. T. HINTON.in Announcement of Low Prices.Wc can save you money on dependablemerchandise. We simply ask you tocall at our store, get our prices and compare them wjththe prices you may haveon same goods, and you will then beconvinced that our prices are lowest.FORD & CO.tParis, Ky.IBmsTfrv'W:-.Vt- -tfATHE BOURBON NEWS, -PARIS, -KENTUCKY,. JAN. . 40,. 19W, .iFV1m BOURBON NEWS.WtefayGOODS OF QUALITYEVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSFree of Charge.All coffee bought of us groundf chargefreeFEE'S.In Police Court.Hobert Childers, giving Mt. Vernon,a. ., as his home was up before Judge.iLnjarylyesterday afternoon and t fined-" 5'J fcr drunkenness.PERSONAL MENTION.Grocery Birgains.Bourbon Woman Wins Prize.Ac the blue grass dairy exhibit heldIn Lexington Mrs. Alhert Mitchell ofilcjrbon, was awarded first prize fort. ? est made country butter.Sounds Good.Frankfurters and horseradish.FEE'S.Back Taxes.CollectingPountv Attorney George Battertoninsisted hv State Revenue A cent M. !P. Rehom within the" last thirtr dayshas collected more than Sti.000 backtsnes. Wednesday the payment forback taxes aggregated more than$( 10.Mrs. Fannie Smith is ill with lagrippe. -Mr. Harry Gray, of Trenton, Ohio,is visiting relatives here.The infant son of Mr. and Mrs.John Woodford is quite ill with pnejmonia.Miss Florence Martin of Covington, was the guest of friends hereWednesday. !Miss Georgia Keller, of McKian-jney. Texas, is the guest of Dr. andMrs. A. II. Keller.Mrs. Newton Mitchell left'Tuesdayfor Little Rock,-Ark., to .visit her sister, Mrs. Blanton.Mr. Walter Martin was the guestthis week of his sister, Mrs.J RussellDyche in London.Mrs. Mary Gorham Thomas is theguest of her daughter, Mrs. GeorgiaGorham Stackhouse. in Louisville.The Ladies Auxiliary of the A 0.H., will hold a meeting at the ilkshall Monday evening at 7:30 o'clock.Misses Florence Lockhart, MaryClay and Mrs. Sam Clay left forEustis, Fla., where they will spend theremainder of the winter.Mrs. J. R. Adair and little daughter, who have been here for severalweeks visiting relatives, returned totheir home in Canadian, Texas, yester-! day., Read over our advertisement andnote the bargains we are offering ingroceries. IjThe prices will surpriseyou. We would appreciate an orderfrom you.T. LENIHAN,Robneel Grocery.Cash Raising Sale.Paris ManPomerene'smate.Class-"Frat!"Cut Prices on Manhattan Shirts.Only seven days left to take advantage of this unusual offer.J. W. DAMS& CO.Turner Held to Grand Jury.la Police Court Tuesday Judge E. B.January held Mason Turner, Jwho wsscharged with maliciously cutting hisbrother-in-law. Luther Herrington, tothe grand jury. The latter plead guilty :o a breach of the peace and wasf.ued $7.50.Swell r Menu.Oar menu for six o'clock dinner Sundav night will be something out of theo-dlnsry. Have your table reserved.KID STOUT.Mrs Elliott Ford and little cfoudhter will arrive tomorrow to make theirhome with the former's parents, Mr.and Mrs. Newton Taylor, near thisi city.Mrs. Julia Frank and daughters,Misses Carrie and Helen Frank, leaveWednesday for a two months' trip toNew Oleans and points on the FloridaCOL'St.Nicholas Advocate: "J. W.Bramblett, of Paris, was here severaldays last week visiting his brother, C.U. Bramblett, and the family of J.H. Bell."It is rumored that a prominentyoung clothing merchant of this cityand one of our fairest young lameswho i now spending the winter inSouth are to Wed on April 12.Mrs. Lizzie Smith, of Cynthiana,well known in Paiis. celebrated theeighty-fourth annivresary of her birthIn order to convert our stock intocash and make room for our springgoods we will for the next two weeksoffer all our millinerv at cost and be- i of his native state.low. Call early and get some of therare bargains. Nothing charged.13 4t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Attorney Clifton Arnsparger ofParis, was a classmate of Senatorelect Atlee Pomerene, the new Democratic Senator from Ohio. They were',graduates of the Law Department ofCincinnati and Mr. Arnsparger said itwas a matter of frequent comment Iamong the students that Mr. Pomerenewas an unusually bright anc1 gifted jstudent and that some day ha wouldi ise to prominence before the peopleIAnnounceiFOR RENT.Residence in city with three acresof ground attached. Suitable formarket gardner. Apply to13 tf C. ARNSPARGER.Argicultural Bank Building.FOR SALE.Gas range and gas stove good asnew. Cheap for cash.KID STOUT.LOST.Stick pin with coral rose and goldleaves. Reward if returned to thisoffice.IfiiOST.Brown fur muff on street oE Paris,between Third and Fifth streets onMain. Finder please leave at Newsoffice and receive suitable reward.BANK STOCK FOR SALE,ManhattanOnlyShirts Reduced.seven dws more.J. W. DAVIS & CO.I will sell at public auction at thethe i court house door in thp city of Paris,Saturday, January 14, 1911, at 11o'clock a. m., 30 shares of Agricultual Bank Stock.3t M. F. KENNEY-, Auctioneer.on Jan. 7. Mrs. Smith is enjoyinggood health and takes an active interest in the affairs of life.Lyceum Course.Mr. Fred Emerson Brooks willap-ptar tonignt in rne auuitonum ui tneParis public school as the star attraction of Prof. A. H. Morehead's lyceumcourse. He will recite the poern thatlias caused such favorable comment bytbe press.entitled "Pickett's Charge."Can't he Beat.If its nice llnwers you want letorier them. Ours can't be beat.JO VARDENClearance Sale o Millinery.PUBLIC SALEOFPERSONAL PROPERTY.Mr. Joseph B. Kenney, of Lexington, arrived Tuesday to look after thetarm and business interests of Mr.Samuel Clay, who, accompanied byMrs. Clay, will leave in a few days for(.'lAvIrlo f.-k- o twn mnntha' stav.We will sell at public sale, the per-Mrs. Amos Torney. accompanied sonal property belonging to the estateby her son Mr. Jack iurney, went 10 i of M nume clay, at his late residenceusCincinnati Tuesday where the latterwill undergo a slight operation at Dr.Holmes' Hospital. Misses. May andLucy Colville are at the Turney homeduring their absence.Mr. Wm. Hukill. one of our oldestand most highly respected citizens, ou-;.served Tuesday, his eignry-secnnubithday, with a quiet dinner for a few j! friends, who called to congratulateI Mr. and Mrs. Hukill upon their happyi wprMed life of more than fifty-threeWe must make room for our spring years. Mrs. Hukill was Miss Elizabethgods. We need cash. We will offer J Mitchell, of Jefferson county, and theyi or the next two weeks our entirp , wtre married in 18f)S.stock of millinery at cost and below.If vou don't believe we nave bargains)"-fl and see. This is no idle talk. ;yK ! l l f ! ? $ tm ? V.- -.7.- .- Vf.- --- -.7.- .7.- -jr.- -.7 .7.- .7. -.7.- ifiSryf ReductionsynjCeathert JJaas.Manhattanat ReducedWe mean business Come early.13 4t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Aged Negress Dies."Aunt" Harriet Ross, aged 80yars, a highly respected colored worn in, died in this city Tuesday of hearttrouble. For thirty-eight years shehas been a servant in the family ofMr. W. H. Anderson. "Aunt" Harriet was a relic of slave-time and belonged to the Miller family of Millersbirg. "Frat!"Home Made.Home'made kraut and frankfurters.FEE'S.t All sizes,! styles.ShirtsPrices.all colors, all this season'sJ. W. DAVIS & CO.Table de Hote Dinner.Special Table de Hute dinner Sundaynight.KID STOUT."Frat!"o cockatten-Eat With Kid Stout.We will serve a special sixdinner Sunday night. Speciall tion given to the ladies traae.KILT blUUT.IFrat!,rFirst Recruit is Signed.The first recruit for the rParis Base jClub Ball has been signed by Presidentliacon and will be here the latter part jcf March when other members of the ,c'ub assemble to begin practice for the ,(fm-ncsessan. The first addition to 1the Bourbon aggregationDEATHS.Mr. Edwin Elliott Ford, son cfMr. and Mrs. Thomas B. Ford, ofFrankfort, died at the St. Joseph Hos-,nif-nl in l.pxiiifftitn Mondav moininiriis Albert j ajterilR illness of five months of ty-'ueynoias ana ne win u.y iyi jiuainuu piolci lever.on the pitching staff. Reynolds is a 1 Mr pord wh0 was 04 years 0f age,mountain boy whose home is at 1 - was married in DecemberI19()9 to Missde. He is six feet two inches tal', Hennetta Taylor, daughter of Mr. andweighs about one hundred and r ninety t Mrs Newton Taj lor, of near this city,pounds, is of splendid physique and is who wjtn a lictlt daughter.about threeraid to have a remarkable record as an , wee.s 0jd, survive. v;Lrnateur pitcher. ; The remains were taken to FrankBuy AutoPrice.1j fort Tuesday morning whore the,funer-OW ! al was held in the chapel of theA fhnnne to Buv Auto atFrankfort cemetery. The body Wasinterred in the family lot.Five automobiles will be sold Janu-, Mrs Enen O'Brien, aged.75 years,ary 18 at the sale of personal property dJeci afc her h(jme Qn South Main street;f late M. Hume Clay. A chance to an earI hour ysterday morning ofpet a nargam. oee au u iik"Frat!"...murul rialiilitv inpifipnt- tn nlrl ntru;: UWW...V, ...w. .... .- .v. ..&r. ..Mrs. O linen was one 01 the oldest! ' c ,;(i miles from N inchestcr, on the WinChester and Paris pike, at 10 o'clock1 a. m.. on1WEDNESDAY, JANUSRY 13, 1911:1 pair extra mare mules, 7 years old;4 pair extra mare mules, 3 years old; J1 pair extra horse mules, 3 years old;1 pair mule.-:, 3 years old;1 No. 1 aged mare mule;4 pair No. 1 mare mules, 2 years old;IS No. 1 yearling mules; j3 good brood mares, in foal to jack;1( home-raised 2-yjar-old cattle;5 home-raised 2-year-old heifeis; I13 No. 1 high-grade Shorthorn cows; 'S home-raised steer calves;5 home-raised heifer calves;1 No. 1 roan Shorthorn bull; '20 good cattle shoats, weight 1,"0pounds;50 extra black faced ewes; I3 bucks; r100 barrels corn in crib; t5 grass seed strippers, 2 combs each,and gear for same; ,1 new Deering binder; '3 Deering mowers: '1 new manure spreader:1 new wheat drill; J2 cutting harrows; ', 1 smoothing harrow;j 3 2-horse wagons; ,1 low-wheel truck; iJ 2 no-top buggies; ji 1 break cart; 'j 1 spring wagon and harness: also polei and double harness for same; ij ' 1 gasoline engine and fodder cutter; II 1 corn and cob mill;1 wheat fan;1 swing table power wood saw;1 lot of hog ard chicken houses; alsofeed and water troughs;24 first class coke stoves: !35,000 tobacco sticks;C sets wagon gear, good;1 scale truck ;2 wheelbarrows;1 corn sheller;1 sickle grinder;1 harrow sharpener, new;2 Avery disc plows; .3 steel-beam breaking plows:1 potato digger;1 hillside plow;Double-shovel plows;2 Brown riding cultivators;1 feed slide;1 sheep-dipping tank and chutes complete; 1 house on wheels, extra good;1 full set carpenter tools;1 lot blacksmith tools, forge, an--These Prices arc forThis Month only.$ 3.00 Bags, $ 2.254.00 Bags, 3.005.00 Bags, 3.758.50 Bags, 6.5011.00 Bags, 8.5011.50 Bags, 8.7512.50 Bags, 9.5013.50 Bags, 10.25Nogoods charged atthese prices.'ii'.rrJV .. l- -U .. !. .jU .J. .1. U. .. .1. p0$ ihi ifi yt i6 1 1 i-j' iiji ifi i-i JW. Ed. TuckcrsJanuary Clearance SaleMuslin Underwear and White Sale,egins Monday, Jan. 23,Ends Saturday, Jan. 28.See Big Advertisement on AnotherPage.W. Ed. Tucker.tiSllltBtlf K9I1IFEESCash Specials ForFriday and Saturday.or 1SUGAR 25 lb. Sack Granulated Sugar.....FLOUR, 1st grade Flour, per 100 lbsGRAHAM FLOUR, Swans Down Bread,...$1.25.$2.9021cIper package '.PEAS, Fancy Early June, per can 9cPIE PEACHES, per can 8 l-3cKRAUT, Old-Fashion German Home-MadeKraut, per qt 8cMACARONI, Best grade, per box 8cMINCE MEAT, Best grade, per lb 12 l-2cBAKED BEANS, Beech Nut Brand, per can 8 l-3cL.FEE'SJust to Give You AnIdea of the GreatValuesWe are offering at present throughout our wholeestablishment, litterally crowded with high-classFurniture, Carpets, Rugs, Wall Papers, and WoodMantels. Look at this Davenport for $28.85,Cash, reduced from $40,Railroader Painfully Injured.G. C. Moore, aged 26 year, a brakefranona northbound L. & N. freicht,wns serioualv though not fatally injured at midnight Tuesday at FlannaanMa tion a few miles from Winchester.The accident was caused by a drawhead in the engine breaking and separ'Mmrr fVio o?r Vmco iIitvu.' in the emer-vencv hiake. Moore was on a cual car J greater pat of hermaking his way along the train to theensrine and was thrown netefn thecar.. His nent leg was oaaiy mjuicuand he was severely bruised about the f some thirty:Hve years.head and body He was brought toParis where his injuries received attention, he being attended by Drs.Fithian and Daugherty. Mooie shone is at Livingston.Shoe Bargains.Attend the Cash-Raising Sale at DanCohen's,bargains.All winter shoes at greatFresh Today.Frch piss an1 -cakes of all kinds te6ay at , FEES'.onH hpst- known citizens of our cnmmi:-nity. She had been a confirmed inva-(lid for a number of years and during (her long illness she bore her sufferings 'with fortitude.Mrs.O B'rien was a native of Ireland. Born in the county oi Cork,she came to this county with her parents when but six months oln. She 'was reared in Bourbon county whereher parents located snu spent thehie in this city.t thfc aire of seventeen she was united in marriage to Mr. Patrick O'Brien, wflo preceded her to the graveTo the union si. children were born,four of whom survived the mother;two daughte-s. Miss Julia O'Brien, ofthis fity ; Mrs. J. H. Lanigan, of SanFrancisco. Cal. ; Messrs. Jas. O'Brien,of Paris, and Harry O'Brien, of SanFrancisco.The funeral will be held at thechurch of the Annunciation this afternoon at . o'clock. Services by Rev.Father Eugene DeBruyn. burial atParis cemetery.The pal-lhearers will be N. Connell,'P. Nippert, Sr . W. T. Tablott, A. W.Cittingham, Wm. Grannon, Dr. SilasEvans. -shovels,things too numerous totypewriter and deskG5 jrallons paint, linseed oil, etc.;1 lawn mower;Hose and reel;Whitewashing machine;4 boxes hinijes.4 kegs nails;5 100 rods wire fencing and 500 fencei stays;i 1 wagon water tsink;Gasoline and coal oil tanks:1 tent house;Doubletrees, pitchforks,hoes and othermention;1 Smith-Premierfor same, new;1 roll-top oifice desk and chair:1 two-seat automobile;4 runabout automobiles, ? of samenew ;1 cream separator;Incubator and brooders;Lot of nice meat and lard;Lot of household and kitchen furniture. TERMS Under 20.00 cash; overthat amount, (0 days time with negotiable note with u per emit interest.J. F. & H. B. CLAY,Administrators.Geo. D. Speaker., Auo.ionecr.7jan-tdIn Oak or Mahogeny Finish. Upholstred in Boston Leather. Full Size.Opens Automatically. Roomy box for bed clothes or skirts. The frontposts are four inches wide and have massive claw feet. There are onlytwo or three of this pattern, so if you want one DONT WAIT. If youwish it charged it will be at the regular price of $40. A big line of Davenports and everything else similarly reduced.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy. Home 'Phone 286.iJ. T. HINTON,Paris, Kentucky.$yIf !mIIIIi,i"-'VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,- kENtlJGKYyjAN, ,13, 19H,'7,' u9ft1IHi1fcIHXaUaMJUHHHiWestminster ChimesTUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede Hall Clock as a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of furniture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alihe toutility, refinement, and musicd taste. Theperfect movement insures correctness of time;the solid oak or mahogany case, with classicIkies, conforms to good taste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals of WL'tihglon orWestminster, serve as a pleasing reminder ofthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, all showingthe moon's phases in the dial arch. We aresales agents for The Herschede Hall ClockCo. of this city, and will send iihirtr-tcd catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can purchase giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Plate,Gold and Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clock1?, Etc.,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence solicited.Silversmiths Jewelers ColdsmilhsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Street, East)A Cincinnati, Ohio' rfrnff t?I$75 to $750imir'r'i 1 1MIRRORSRE-SILVEREDBYC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dw Bl'dg, Opp. Windsor HotelUpholstering,Repairing,Refinishing.I have just received a newline of samples for upholstering covers.Home 'Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescript!! o n s .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden i Son.DruggisfVMany Vsrietiec cf Stamps.There are at the present time over21,000 varieties of postage stamps inthe world.AVHELPING HUMANITY.Father and Son Viewed ConditionsFrom Opposite Standpoints.Twenty years ago, says the ChicagoAdvance, a discouraged young doctorlu a large city was visited once by hisold father, who came up from a ruraldistrict to look after his boy."Well, son," he said, "how are yougetting along?""I'm not getting along at all." wastl.e disheartened reply. "I'm not doing a thing."The old man's countenance fell, buthe spoke of courage and patience' andperseverance. Later in the day hewent with his son to the free dispensary, where the young doctor hadan unsalaried position and where hespent an hour or more every day. Thefather sat by, a silent but intensely interested spectator, while twenty-fivepoor unfortunates received help. Thedoctor forgot his visitor while he benthis skilled energies to the task, buthardly had the door closed on the lastpatient when the old man burst forth:"I thought you told me that youwere not doing anything! Why, if Ihad helped twenty-five people in amonth as much as you have in onemorning I would thank God my lifecounted for something.""There isn't any money in it,though," explained the son, somewhatabashed. "Money!" the old man shouted, still scornfully. "Money! Whatis money in comparison with being ofuse to-your fellow men? Never mindabout money. You go right along atthis work every day. I'll go back tothe farm and gladly earn moneyenough to support you as long as Ilive yes, and sleep sound every nightwith the thought that I have helpedyou to help your fellow men."(tMBMJl'fflKfm - V- flHlFinding a four-leaf clover means finding good luck.Using a Cloverleaf manure spreader insures perfect fertilization for your soil. Perfect fertilization means bumper crops.You want them, and we want you to have them. You can havethem if you will come to us and get a Cloverleaf manurespreader. It is the best spreader on the market, and if youcall we will explain wherein it excels. If you are not justexactly sure what machine you want to buy, call anyway andwe will explain why the use of a manure spreader will increaseyour profits, and why a Cloverleaf manure spreader will saveyou money. "We are saving a catalogue for you. 'Won't you call and get it today?Bourbon Garage end Supply Company.v. . Mf 1H -.JTwin Bros.Announce TheirJanuary Clear an e ePORjSaturday, 14th,fOn Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Cloaks, Skirts,Purs, Shoes, Millinery, Skirts, Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silks, Blankets, Etc.SHREWD VICTOR HUGO.Quiet Way In Which He Bullied theTheatrical Managers.IJere nro tfoe methods -which Dumastbo elder and Victor Ilugo employedvhen they had a new play to offer tothe theater. Dumas would, write tothe director of the Porte St. Martin:My Dear Friend I shall brlnff you onMonday a play In five acts. 1 shall needMile. Georges, Mme. Dorval, Bocage, Lockroy. Provost and five new scenes.This extravagance would alarm thedirector, who would put off the production of the play till better days.Then Victor Hugo would appear andshyly draw a manuscript out of hispocket, no would agree to everything.The stock company would play hispiece admirably, since all he wantedwas a good ensemble; no new decorations would be needed nor any changeat all.So the piece would be read, and asthe roles were distributed ETugo wouldsay musingly, "Dieu. how One Frederick would be in that part!" "That istrue," Dlorel would murmur, and a fewdays after he would announce thatFrederick was engaged. Hugo wouldthen remonstrate that this destroyedthe equipoise of the cast, and llaucourt,Laferriero and Mile. Georges wouldhe engaged. Then Hugo would attackthe stage setting. Old scenes thatthe public had tired of were alnnfstan insult to these great artists. IfIlorel showed reluctance at this. Hugowould threaten to withdraw iiis piece.And so the game would go on till,little by little, Hugo had obtained everything he wanted, even to thechanging of the paper hangings in thestage boxes.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of peodle killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed bv disease orerms.No life is safe from their attacks.(They're in air, water, dust, even! food. But jrrand protection is afforded by Electric Bitters, which destroyand expel these deadly disease germsfrom the sj'stem. That's why chills,fever and ague, all malarial andmany blood diseases ield promptlyto this wonderful blood purifier. Trythem, and enjoy the glorious healthand new Ktrwiinrf-h thov'll o-ivr vrmi Money back it not satisfied. Only 50cat Uberuorfers.I Smarter Than Most.I The Old Guy "Huh! Driving anj automobile, eh? Young man, when II started in life I had to walk." Thej Young Chap "You were smarter thanmost, sir. When I first started in lifeI couldn't walk."Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, Allison,I la., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:j "They're such a health necessity,In every honie these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DM. KING'SAnd be well again."Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One fg Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyAustralia's Stony Desert.The great stony desert of north Australia vis discovered by Captain Sturt,an Australian explorer, in 3S4o-G. Itii north of the river Darling and is::'oout 300 miles long and 100 broad,consisting of sandy dunes or ridges.Its want of trees, except along thecreeks. give3 the couutry a sterile appearance. These ridges were probablyformed by the joint effect of windsand a gradually retiring sea. According to Captain Sturt. these waterswere gradually lost by evaporation orcarried to some undiscovered sea. Theonly vegetation, growing scantily, isprickly acacias in full blooni. all ofstunted growth. Water is scarce except in the creeks which are sheltered,and this is generally brackish. Fewtravelers care to traverse this inhospitable desert.Music.Music requires, indeed, a code otrules just as poesy requires a systemof versification. ThibautEnds Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,red and rough skins, prove this. Cutsuch troubles fly before Bucklen'sArnica Salve. A trial convinces.Greatest healer of burns, boils, piles,cuts, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains.Onlv 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.mmWiftWiimmMitiifflmWiiifiifrkI C. R. TURNER2 (Successor to C. R. Turner & Co.)g DEALER INI GOOD COAL.Now is the time, during the early season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this whiter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Yuur orders respectfully solicited.O. R, TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Ilotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58.mMwmwmwmmwmmM&?mmiJust as Easy.It would probably be just as easy tolove a rich girl as a poor one if therewasn't so much competition.SALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-ClassIVdC OKTTJ33HEKTTSWe are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in every particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, ancl hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and ranite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of ourforced removal.en-Still Going On!Don't Forget theCash-Raising SaleA Quick Lie.Presence of mind recently saved aneminent actor his gold watch andchain. While crossing' a bridge in athick night mist a suspicious lookingman suddenly loomed up out of theOuooiirity."Can you tell me the time, gov'nor?"he gruffly inquired."You are too late, my dear sir," repli'.'J the actor suavely. "A gentlemanii PJUyiL-I1 mmutG aS stole mywa tclil" Exc ha nge!What's in a Name?Apparently the automobile had pass- ,ed directly over him, yet he pickedhimself up unscathed. "To what doyou attribute your marvelous escane?"they asked as he stood dustinsr him- Iiself off in the middle of the pavement"To the fact," he said, "that myname's lacAdam."":Wm. Jldams & Son42 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIOMBIIBoth Phonesnes mIs Still Going on atThe Aftermath.Mrs. "DuPuy I was so surprised tohear that Edith and Mr. Sissinghamwere married. You know they alwaysused to claim their attachment was imeieiy platonic. Mrs. KolkremesYes. I remember. But now, I fear, ithey wouldn't claim it was even that.Lippincott's.STOVES"We are Still Selling the Same Line Xone Better ThanaTwin Bros."!SS Clothing and ShoeJDepartmentHarry Simon's Old Stand,Exercise.Walking, we are told, is a good exercisebetter than riding in an automobile. The trouble is that a great manyof us are not looking for exercise.Milwaukee Sentinel.A Forecast.Jones What do you think will bethe end of the woman question?Brown There won't be any end.They'll always be askig 'em.Praise undeserved Is satire in disguise. Broadhurst.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building,' Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland CcMeit Co.Olalleailepie!And Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedJStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky.M M B B BBW Wa BSf Jr BHHrFBBW.r - t--A -c:JiI-f- 7t ".r-i. l.V.t rTHE BOURBON NEWS,- PARIS, "KENTUCKY, JAN. 13, 1911;r9I'll Tell You Where You Can Save a Dollar--Wouldn't You Like to Know?At the A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE STORE, the Store that you ought to know,the Store an acquaintance with which will profit you much.Where goods of quality reasonably priced should, where you are assured carefuland painstaking store service, and ail you desire is yours on the easiest payments.Come then, let us show you how well and faithfully we can serve you. Won't you?How's This.We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J? CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 13 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out an obliga.tions made bv his firm.WALDING. JKINNAK" & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Testimonials sent free. Price75 cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists. Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.RARE CHANCE!Big Pay for Solicitors!THE CINCINNATI WEEKLYENQUIRER is offering Five Thousand Dollars in cash premiums tosolicitors, in addition to a liberalcommission that is more than ampleto pay one's expenses, besides affording a living profit, while engaged in the work of soliciting subscriptions. THE WEEKLY ENQUIRER,is now a twenty-four page magazinestyle paper, chuck full of readingmost acceptable to an- well-orderedhome. Each issue contains a sermon by Pastor Russell, an essay byshort stories, natural history, general news and special record of political and national affairs that areof interest to all people, cut patternsfor ladies and youths, and miscella-The Arcadians at Lexington.Charles Frohman's latest and best' Dr. Madison C. Peters, a serial andrr.usial comedy, "The Arcadians,vhich comes to Lexington matineeaid night, Saturday, January 14,uirecL from the New York Theatre,where it just ended its second Jyear ofthe most extraordinary run of anyi ? i r rrmusical comeay oi recent ;years. xne ,. n r -L , Wrti zsame great ca 4 of principals, the most neous matter, all of high moral m-beautiful costumea and highly trainedchorus; set to the most elaborate settings ever heard of or seen with amjsical comedy, will be offered to thetneatre-going people of this rity. Thecompany carries their own orchestra,which insures fa proper rendition ofthe music which is so important in amusicaldians."A Big Cut in Chifforobes,like cut $18.75Buffets at Prices Paris and Bourbon people neverhad before, $12 up to $48.ttS J Willi p- M-Ahiff W- ll'Vtfi i 3H&SSEEEESES f ifl 'Aft- ti&ii ., I .11mwSlftv i'. rim ft 11Orakft 'irwk ' lib.ItIwWWteHMMmmmmEiPI 1 1 ll iJii i . ..i i ! i i iii i. i . . . i i -j. 7 j i- if ipifT,rl If It A H tC IIPmSfmp IP3fluence: also market reports from allcommercial centers, and veterinarycolumns.The editor's aim being to presentthe reader with an exceptionally 'efood family journal of superiorplay of such as "Tim Area- j merit, free from all matters that antagonize morality, justice anu iruui.To circulate such a paper, aHwell-meaning persons can benefittheir community and add their mitein the uplifting of civic and politicalthought and action.Any person, lady or gentleman,with leisure hours, desirous of doinga good turn for the community, atthe same time earning fair payment,should apply at once for particularsby writing to THK ENQUIRER,Cincinnati, O.Something."Can you keep anything on yourstomach?" the ship's doctor asked."No, sir," ho returned, feebly, "nothing but my hand." Ladies' HomoJournal.LET US BEYOUR. SOLICITORs" rA. P. WHEELER FURNITURE COMain and Third Streets. CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. flOpp. Court House.f V nHot and ColdBATHSJ Hot and cold bathsI Everything neat andbarbers always ready' trade. No long waits.to wait oh theYou are next.Physicians Advisethe use of a goodlaxative, to keep the bowels open and prevent the poisons of undigestedfood from gettinginto your system.The latest product of science is VELVO Laxative Liver Syrup, purely vegetable, gentle,reliable and of a pleasant, aromatic taste. Velvo acts on the liver, as well as on thestomach and bowels, and is of the greatest possible efficacy in constipation, indigestion,tih'ousness, sick headache, feverishness, colic.flatulencc, etc. Try VF lVELVOLAXATIVELIVER SYRUPGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.The Secret, of YouthDo you ever wonder how you can remain young, orwhy other women older than you, look younger than you do?The secret can be put in a few words: "Preserveyour health,-and you will preserve your youth."By "health" we mean not alone physical health, butnerve health, as, sometimes, magnificently strong-lookingwomen are nervous wrecks.But whether you are weak physically or nervously,you need a tonic, and the best tonic for you is Cardui.It builds strength for the physical and nervous systems.It helps put flesh on your bones and vitality into your nerves.M? CARDUIMadame Sherry at Lexin gton.The New Amsterdam, New fork'slargest playhouse, and remarkable forits. great successes, is proving .entirelytoo small to hold the tremendouscrowds which nightly clamor for admittance to view "Madame Sherry,"the delightful French vaudeville whichhas set a new standard for musicalcomedy in America. This phenomenalsuccess of Chicago and New York, willbe presented at the fLexingtonJ OperaHouse matinee and night, January 16,with a cast of metropolitan favorites,with ail its engaging comedy, all itshaunting melodies, all its beauty ofchorus and ensemble, all its magnificent stage settings and its special orchestra. Otto Hauerbach and KarlHoschna are the author and composerof .this Fphenomenal success, adaptedfrom a French original that has charmed Paris,, Berlin, Vienna and t;Lcndon.In theme and construction it is decidedly novel, and it has been unanimously pronounced the musical sensationof the decade.Master's Sale-0F-House & Lot in Paris,Ky.Our Printing Will HELPYOUR TRADEEvery Kind of Commercial,Law and Social Printing InUp to Date Styles .. . ..XVhen In Jfced of JobtvorK,Call at TbU OfficeSpecial WinterTourist TicketsVIAA Restroom.A room tho woman of the housecalls the "restroom" is papered insoft gray and has green hangings. Thefurniture is light oak with green sofapillows here and there, and the bigsofa is upholstered in green. Thewindow shades are dark enoughto subdue the light. Thus the room isin the most admirable taste andsoothes the nerves. "When the womanof tho house is tiretl she runs to therest room for a few minutes and getsher mental balance.Five Men Wanted.VVtfJ46The Woman's Tonic"My mother," writes "Mrs. Z. L. Adcock, of Smithville, Term., "is 44 years old and is passing through thechange of life.She was irregular and bloated and suffered terribly.My father stepped over to the store and got her a bottleof Cardui, which she took according to directions and nowshe is up, able to do her housework and says she feelslike a new woman." Try Cardui in your own case.vrtt0 fc jai? Advisor? Dent.. Chattasooea Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Tcaa..- - . MV M. m ff A.ite Social Ins freemm, ud M-ptce took. Home lrcauKawoc women, senxiree.Earn $65 to $125a Month.Five men wanted to be Chauffeurs,Repairers and Demonstrators. Personal insttuction, actual repairingand driving. Complete course 5weeks day or 10 weeks evening.Write tor Illustrated Folder."Automobiling With Pay."Y. M. C. A. Automobile School,701 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.dec23-3t-eotBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.Alice Crick, Plaintiff,vs.Mary Sidener, Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled actoin at the November, 1910.term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will, onSaturday, January 21, 1911,a at the courthouse door in Paris, Ky ,about the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder, on a credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, the property .'described in said judgment and ordered to besold in this action, to-wit:A certain house and lot situated onMain street, Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, near the southern limits ofthe city of Paris, fronting on theMaysville and Lexington turnpike road68 feet, beginning at the line of Mrs.N. Wood, formerly R. T. Davis, running N. with said pike 68 feet, thenceback from said pike in a Westerlydirection a distance of 297 feet, thenj S. 68 feet, then E. 297 feet to the beginning, and adjoining Mrs. Wood onthe one side and Mrs. Sharron on theother side, Deing the same propertyconveyed by the Paris Cemetery Company to Sarah E. Sidener by deed ofdate October IS, 1888, of record in theBourbon County Clerk's ofiice in DeedBook 70, page 483.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase pricewith good surety bearing interest fromday of sale until paid and payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner.The share of the infant defendant,Mary Sidener, shall not be paid by thepurchaser, but shall remain a lien onthe property until she arrives at age,or until a guardian shall qualify andexecute bond as required by the CivilCode.RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.TALBOTT & WHITLEY.Attorneys.M. F. KEN-NEY, Auction eer.--3 10 17 24On Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and Libera!Stop-Overs.M. A. KAHAL.Jlnnk EangborifManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.amrlGtfEast Tenn. Phone 669Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 314 Main Street.Office Phones j 13 .Residence j l3.DR. A. H KELL.EK,Pkacticing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bl'&'g.Paris, - - - KentuckySpecial Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe ' "West, South West and JNorthwest ; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, &c, callon writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.J J. WIIiTVTAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building. , .FOR RENT.Twc story brick residence with ninruuius, nans, purcnua, pantry ana ailnecessary outbuildings. Good location. Apply to -DENIS DUNDON?WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTS 'ON SALE DAILYVIAGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 191f .FOR Hia PARTICULARS, CALL OH AKY AGHT QUEEN ft CK3CENTOK VIKiTiiH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 C. Mate St., LEXINGTON, KY.. -rV .V-' ,v' i '-,y, ." ' 4i;.K J riTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN , 1911.1H B a.BB3hb ll HhJSs! SHBHS9SH1ROSSIPWfiEfc1 SgHjVfITREMENDOUSSHOEVALUESEnormous Reductions on Our Entire Stock of Winter Footwearto be Sold Regardless of Value or Cost..A.ncl EJxicIs On tlxe 28tlx.This is the Greatest Shoe Sale ever Attempted in this Vicinity.Your Only Opportunity to Secure Real Genuine Shoe Bargains.We Must Sell, We Must Raise CASH!Our methods in retailing our goods at all times at lowest possible prices, and at a great saving to our patrons is a well known fact. Add to this the great reductions we are now offering, and you will know what this means. Come at once and bring your friends. It makes no difference how far you live, it will pay you totravel a long distance. There are hundreds of bargains that await you at our store.Our prices are all m irked in plain figures. You can see for yourself the savings on every shoe.Cash-RaisingIn Men's FootwearChoice Men's stylish Shoes in Patent andGun Metal, Goodyear Welts, regular price$2.50.Cash-Raising Price $1 .74Choice of fine Bench-made Shoes in Vici,Gun Metal and Patent, button and lace,former Price $3.50.Cash Raising Price. $2.95Special Lot $3.50 and $4.00 Walk-OverShoes, broken sizes and lots.Now at ... $2.69Shecial Lot Men's $1.50 up to $3.50 values,odds and ends, mostly small sizes.Now 99c and $1.24Cash-Raising in Boys'Shoes and Heavy Hi-CutsBoy's heavv Tan and Black Two-BuckleHigh-Cuts, Oak Soles, $2.50 value.Cash-Raising Price $1.89Special Boys' School Shoes in Box Calf andKid, regular $1.50 and $1.75 value.Now .. 99cSizes up to 5 1-2Cash-RaisingIn Ladies' ShoesChoice Ladies' Fine Shoes, this season'slatest styles, Gun, Patent and Vici Kid.Cash-Raising J. -$1.97Special Ladies' extremely stylish Footwearin Patent, Gun and Vici. button and lace.$2.25 and $2.50 value:Now - ... $1.4950c Carpet Sliders for Home Comfort I OcBoys' School Shoes, $1.75 to $2 values.Now .... . .... ,.. ... $1.39-Men's High-top Boots, Ihe finest $6.00 and $7.00makes. tt- - ' J?Now$4.49Men's $3 to 13.50 High-cuts, broken sizes.Now $2.45Special Ladies' Footwear assortment of HighShoes, broken sizes $1.50 to $2 50 values.Now at..99cSpecial Sample sizes "High-grade Shoes, 13150v values, -w .g ' w . ,,.Wow at :.. Z.4yLadies' $1 Fur Slippers.Now at64cMisses' and Children'sFootwear BargainsMisses' and Children's Jockey Boots, S2.25and $2.50 value.Cash-Raising Price $1.84Children's Jockey Boots, $1.50 value.Now $1.19Children's Bed Top Jockey Boots, $1.50value.Now 90.Misses $1.50 Shoes, broken sizes."NOW QO-Infant's Patent and Kid Shoes, Button andLace, 75c value.Now 39c and 49cInfant's Soft-Soles, 25c values.Now ;i :. t&Misses' and Children's Red House Slippers.NOW "JU15c Mocisins Now.6c1 1 ... v ""'4.- it (1fe lk- '4V HT1