THE BOURBON NEWS.ffe iKlt,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEARv.-.VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1911.'"MWMM'""'"''M"ll"M''IMMMIIIWM,M,IIIIMM'MBlll"MM"MMMImiff(lWWWiVftIP&igA(wSemi-WeeKlu specialsiAt The'SIMONDcp't Store,Monday, Oct 30,$7.50 fiats at half-price, $3.75Sale from 9 to a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE -- A new line of Suits and Coats justLreceived..One-ThirdjSASaved 1By Paying. CashtiwwwThe Republican City Ticket.Confident thpy can overcome theDemocratic majority indicated by theregistration the Republicans of Parishave put in the field a full ticket forCouncil, adopted a platform and havegone to work with apparent energy toovercome the Democrats Jn the coming city election. " vOn the face of the recent registration the Democrats have a large majority in the city and every Democratwho participated in the primary willline up in support of the party nominees in Novemoer. Looking to this endand giving the Republicans all that iscoming to them it can be readily seenthe candidates for Council haven't aghost of a show.The city of Paris for years has prospered under Democratic rule, eventhough the Repbulican platform wouldleave the impression the city wasgradually falling in the rear. Theypropose to do wonders if elected tooffice and one might expect as muchshould such a miracle be performed.However, there is but little chanceeven though their efforts and deceptive platform may have effect uponsome few.There is nothing to be gained fromRepublican rule ; it has been demonstrated in state affairs and such wouldundoubtedly be the case if voters ofthe city should choose a Republicancouncil to hold the balance of power.Let every Democrat who participated in the rncent city election go to thepolls on election day and in compliancewith his obligation to support thenominee, vote the straight Democraticticket both in the city and State election. A vote for the Democratic ticket means a vote for better city andstate government.Buys Crystal Parlor.Mr. W. A. Beheler, proprietor of theParis Bottling works has purchased of.Mr. T. A. Farris the Crystal Ice'Cream Parlor on Main street. Mr. Beheler took possession Tuesday.The Old Fashioned Kind.Old fashioned Graham Flour andmeal made by the old Coulthard mill.New lot just in. Both phones.27 2t SAUER.WStandard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs 81.00Pure Hog Lard, per lb 121-2cSliced Breakfast Bacon, per lb ." 25cBreakfast Bacon by the piece ; ? 18cPicnic Hams 12cBlueing-. 2 5c boxes 5c ftKaro Syrup, white, full at .... L, ... ... v '" - 10c T I-rr t- 1 j .. J..l. T-l-C n on ZlS Iivaro oyrup, wmte or uara, nan gemuiiLenox Soap, 3 bars 10c ALenox Soap, S bars ocBox of 100 cakes $2.75(For one week only. None sold to dealers. )Moves to Lexington.Mr. Oscar Williams, who has beenliving on the farm of Mr. Wm. Clark,near this city, moved Monday to Lexington with his family. Mr. Williamshas secured stall room at the Association track where he will put intotraining several promising young3tersJ" v..- vw .WRHHi?; HHMHiVf"WE KNOWMOW" iINTER OVERCOATSOvercoat Time Is Here And Asfew?WmThey say on Wall-Street "We Are Long on Coatsat a Short Price." $10, $12.50 and $15 will buyan AU-Wool Overcoat cut 52 and 24 inches long,made with the Verto Collar, Single or DoubleBreasted, Belted Backs or Plain, cut good and full,just the kind that you want when the cold blast ofWinter begins to blow. These coats we are making leaders of, and if you will stop in our store andtry a few of these coats on you will be convincedof our statement. Our personal guarantee withevery coat sold. Take a look at the window andnotice a few of the patterns which we are showingin this strong line of Overcoats.4? otetson onoes ana jvorrect onape, uuaranteed r atentLeather Shoes for Men. Look us up.Mitchell & Blekemore,Malaga Grapes." The finest malagasaw, just recived.24 2tgrapes youeverSAUER.USE BLUE RIBBON FLOURi And You Will Use the Best ForThe Least Money.Blus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack '. . 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.759sfta -r. C. LENIMAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,WwwwwMwLots Sold.Two lots, the property of the Bourbon County Hospital League, weresold at public auction yesterday afternoon. The lots are located on Virginiastreet in Bourbon Heghts. Mr. G. G.Tnompson was the purchaser. LotNo. 1, fronting on Cypress, sold for395 and the one adjoining $220.IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky!Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford..!,WJf:&.1ffiBClothing!mnilpsw4We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50 to $10.00in all the latest colors and stylesAS2SSSWkBoys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.mimmWmmmWm!ZaGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,smW$imWmm&&mWm&2 Clothiers.Three Fires in Three Hours.Three fires in as many hours issomething of a record in this city, andtwo which broke out simultaneouslyyesterday morning gave the department all it could handle. Had it notbeen for the close proximity of thetwo blazes yesterday morning about9 :30 o'clock a heavy property losswould probably have been the result.The first fire occurred yesterdaymorning about 6:30 o'clock at the residence of Mr. Clark Barnett on Houston avenue. Mr. Barnett had starteda fire in the grate and it was discovered shortly afterwards the joist beneaththe fireplace was burning fiercely. Hesucceeded in extinguishing th blazewith but little damage and withoutcalling out the department.The alarm yesterday about 9 :30 wassent in by telephone and was intendedto call the department to the reaidenceof Mr. Geo. W. Davis where a defective flue had caught fire to the roof,which was being rapidly consumed.Almost at the same time an automobile caught fire in the Bourbon Garageat the corner of High and Fourth.The blaze in the garage could beeasily seen from the engine house anda line of hose was run out and astreahn of water was soon playing onthe flame. Just a square awsy thehome of Mr. Davis was burning and tothis the dpeartment turned its attention. Both were soon under control. 9The fire at the garage was occasioned by the explosion of gasoline in thehandsome car of Mr. Chas. Webber Itis said there was no fire about themachine and Mr. Wm. Giltner was inthe act of starting the engines whenthe explosion occurred. This wasprobably due to a short circuit and aleak in a gasoline pipe as no othercause can be assigned.The lower floor of the garige wasflooded with water beforo the machinecould be run into ,the street and considerable damage was sustained fromthis. The engines of the machine weredamaged by the heat as were thefenders the running boards and woodwork on the front of the machine.Through the assistance of a numberof outsiders all of the furniture fromthe home of Mr. Davis was removedwithout the least damage being doneto any of it. The fire was burningbeneath the roof, a large section ofwhich had to be torn away to enablethe firemen to control the flames. Mr.Davis carried insurance to the amountof $800 which will in all profcabiiltycover the loss.!J i3EIIXXJ 111 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 IJ J Lll IIX1 f UZl 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 11 II 1 1 1 1 II IIIJMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII II 1I FRANK & CO. .. IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.We Offer For Your Inspection the Greatest and Best Line of, SUITS, CLOAKS AND SKIRTSEver Shown in Central KentuckyExtra Specia10 Beautiful Tailored Suits, allScotch mixtures. Sold at $35and $40. ' Choice now$25SUITSAt $15.00, $20.00; and $25.00These are values thatS10.00 on a suit.mean a saving to you of from $2.50 toCOATSAt $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00A full assortment of Black Cloth Coats and all the new largeCollar and double faced effects. Also the popular Reversible CoatsSKIRTSAt $3.98, $5.00, $7.50 up to $15.00 eachAn elegant selection of the season's most popular styles in; Corduroys, Fancy Materials. Serges and Panamas.mSHOES-In Velvets, Satins, Suede, Patent and Gun Metals for Ladie3and Misses. .v.sMILLINERYComplete line of Suit Hats at popular prices.Frank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckyHiii:ii!iirmimiiiiri AmmmmmmMmmMMMmmmmmMm"I"xii &THE BOURBON EWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,' OCT, 27, 1911.?, HMALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMETHE BOURBON NEWS"- BOTH 'PHONES, 12'4. NO. '320 MAIN STREET.TheFokntain Head of Life? Is The Stomachwwk and impoverished, and that his whole body .3 .mproperly ndinsufficiently nourished.Dr. PIERGE'S GOLDZ7I FJEDICHL DISCOVERTmakes the stomach strong, promotes the How ofdMestivc Juices, restores the lost appetite, makeswill -not be yours unless yourhaV'-,3pa:':o stove as 'artisticas t i serviceable. Have alook at tbe stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than. the ugliestjld stove jou ever saw- Prettiuess' costs, nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtSWFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postofiioe as Second-class Mail Matter.assimilation perfect, invigorates the liver anapurifies and enriches the blood. It is the treat bloodmaker,flesh-builder and restorative nerve tonic. It makes menstrong In body, active in mind and cool in judgement.This "Discovery" is a pure, glyceric extract o American medicai rootsabsolutely free from alcohol and all injurious, habit-forming drugs. All itsingredients are printed on its wrappers. It has no relationship with secretnostrums. Its every ingredient is endorsed by the leaders in all the schools ofmedicine. Don't accept a secret nostrum as a substitute for this time-provenremedy of known composition. Ask your neighbors. They must know ofmany cures made by.it during past 40 years, right in your own neighborhood.World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R.V. Pierce, Pres., Buffalo, N. Y.Established in 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent "insertion : readine notices, 10 cents Der line each issno :cheaper.reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,LOWEY & TALBOTT?a,ris Kentuckyuana uii uduuiuatea a.uu miuuar mauter, 1U cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pu bush ed Every Tuesday and Friday.t. .-w ..-.. --4-' -.-- - - - .fafafaSfafafafafafafafafawfafafaourbon: S-.7; mT awe -m ":D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.PN-''I7MMKmr -S, r ( 3KSBourbon Laundry,Papis,Keitucfcy-:v5-?arasrMOa.?KrllliilgSITTUM .1Miii - irj ! i.m.mjsfJLI-Jk, ..51 '!-frr-Vorr3 Never Leak Never Need Repairs Fireproof Stormproof Handsome Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds ofbuildings. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Germs Spread in SkinEczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofSerms at work In the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly r.:ultipiy, 51 wing their"way (Leej) into the sensitive tissue.This is what causes that awful itch,and what seemed a. r:ere rash3nay grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing skin diseasewith its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thegerms at the beginning of the troublewith that soothing and cleansing wash,Jhe D. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.A 25c bottle will prove this to you.G. S. VardcnFOR RENT.Lumber vard or cGal vard. Locatednext L. & N. freight depot on Second jstreet, boon office building and sheds..Possession given at onfe.J. B. TARRR.20 3t - Paris, Ky.$50.00 REWARD.I will give a reward of SoO 00 forinformation that will lead to th arrestor me party 01 parties wno on wednesday. October 18, poisoned my dog.20 St JAMES WILLS.Cottage at Public Auction.I will sell at public suction on thapremises at 2 o'clock p. m.t onThursday, November 9, 1911,a frame cottage on Lin avenue ; contains tour rooms; lot 45 by 125 feet;rents for $12.50 per month.MARY WOODFORD.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.FOR RENT.The West end of the desirable storerotm fronting on Fifth ttrett, recently a- atd by the lath post. fhc 30fed front, running back aoout t5 feet.Ptoprrty newly painted thioughout.Lcc. ted near interurban "station.In iredia'e ros?ssior Apply to1OURB0N BANK & TRUST CO.3?:LaundryA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.maf)(SdmTTe have had experience with manyremedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures aathose from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the very rlrst application. We are so confident that D. D. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle fails to make good every claim.If you have skin trouble of anykind, we certainly advise you to dropin and investieate the merits of D. D.D. anyway. We know that D. D. D,will help you.& Son, Agent.II H E ALTH .Take Advantage of This Generotis Oiier.Your money back upoi request atour store if Rexall "93" Hair Tonicdoesn't do as we claim. That's ourguarantee. Ycu ohligate yourself tonothing whatever. Could you ask orcould we give you stronger proor of ourconfidence in the hair restoring qualities of this preparation?We could not afford to so stronglyendcrse Rex3ll "93" Hair Tonic andcontinue to sell it as we do if it didnot do all we claim it will. Should curenthusiasm have carried us away, andRsxall "93" Hair Tonic not give entire satisfaction to the users, theywould lose faith in us and our ptatements, and in censeence our businessprfstige would suffered.We Essure you that if your hair iabeeirning to unnaturaly fall out or ifyou have any caip trouble, Rexall"93" Hair Tonic will promptly eradicate dandruff, stimulate hair growth,and prevent tremature baldness, orthe above guarantee beccmes operative. Two sizs, 50c and SI. Sold onlyat our store The Rexall Store. G. S.Varden & Son, Paris, Ky.Workman's Leg Broken. ,Charles Watson, a carpenter in theempley of trie Standard Oil Co., suffered a fracture of hia right leg Tuesdayffternoon, by falling a distance oftbnut fifteen feet. He was engaged inworking on a house of the companywhich is in process of construction attheir plant on Fourteenth street whena ceilinc: joist broke, precipitating himto the flor. His knp was hroken between the nee and snkle. Mr. Wtsonwh takpn tn hi? hornjj en Vine s reetin Dsv s' ambulance.$L.OO, Payable inKentucky Needs a DemocraticSenator.In some quaiters it has been customary to accept Ollie James as a big,genial fellow who cculd talk till thecows came home, and whom everybodyliked to call by his first name. Butthis campaign has developed newtraits in Ollie. They will have to accept him at his full worth in thefuture. He has lost none of that fine,frank manliness that surrounds himwith an atmosphere of his own, andmakes him the most delightful andlovable of compar.ions.lbut he has betrayed a knowledge and acumen thatshows he is not only a ready and eloquent speaker, but a thinker and student as well, whose knowledge of thelaw and history of his country is surpassed by few men in public life.Wherever Mr. James has spokenneither court house nor opera househas been able to accomodate thecrowds that wanted to hear him. Theylike the music of his resolent voice;they enjoy his mighty thrusts at theRepublicans; they laugh with him atthe insincerity of O'Rear, and applaudhim when he tears the mask from that2rch pretender, the Republican party.Every Democratic voter should remember that when he places hi3 stampunder the ruoeter on November 7, hewill not only vote to elect all theState officers, but he will vote as wellfor a Legislature that will send OllieJames to the Senate, there to take hisplace as a defender of the pecple'sright, with hi sword unsheathedagainst the robber tariff and the criminal trusts.While Mr. James is nGt neglectingstate issues ne is telling the peoplewhat a Republican President and a Repunlcian Congress has been doing atWashington, aud the exposure of theirbroken pledges has convinced thepeople that Kentucky cannot afford tosend to Washington a follower of Taf t,or an imitator of Bradley.The Post and Bosworth.The Louisville Evening Post wantsSenator Bosworth, the Repbulicannominee of the Eleventh district,beaten tor re-election because it doesnut like his views on the county unitquestion. The Post is responsible forO'Rear's ncmination; it helped to dictate his platform, and has approvedhis every utterance since the campaignbegan. When O'Rear goes to theEleventh District, will he return thePost's compliment by advising the Republicans of the Eleventh to defeatSenatcr Bosworth.Make the Best Use of It.It Is useless to desire more time, ifyou are already wasting what littleyou have; for you would only growmore Indolent and indifferent. White'sClass Advertising.O'Rear, the Artful Dodger.J.udge O'Rear spoke at Covintgonrecently. Before the meeting certainquestions were asked him by the Editor of the Post of that city, all ofthem relating to State issues, and mostof them important. The only reference Judge O'Resr made to these embarrassing inquiries was that everylittle whipper snapper in the Statewas asking him questions, and that ifhe attempted to answer them it wouldkeep him busy until the end of thecampaign.The Republican ncimnee has acquired the dodging habit. When GovernorMcCreary wanted to know how hecould reconcile his selection of McCulloch, the millionaire whisey man, aschairman of his Finance Committee,swith tis expressed views on the evilsof selling and drinking whiskey, he isas silent as the little boy that the calfran over.This nimble side stepping on thepart of O'Rear will continue until theend of the contest. He has never mpta direct charge, or answered a singlequestion from the beginning of thecampaign until this good hour, and benever will do so, so long as there isdanger of his losing votes by statinghis positions on these important issues.ONE YEAR,$1.00Another Head for Judge O'Rear.Chairman IMcCulloch, of JudgeO'Rear's Finance Committee, inventid"Green River Whiskey.7' which he assures the world is "without a headache in a barrel of it.' When McCulloch wrote his famous circular beggingfunds for the Republican ticket hegave O'Rear such a headache that hewill never recover from .it. Thetemperance voters will put anotherhead on the Judge in Novebmer.Who Belongs to the AnnaniasClub?Have you noticed that Judge O'Rearis the only candidate for office that canbe believed Every statement madeabout him is false; every critic is a"liar;" eery proof of insincerity ismanufactured; the Gait House meeting was never held; McCulloch, thewhiskey man, never solicited funds forhim ; nothing ever happened if it iscalculated to lose him a vote. Thepeople are rapidly taking the measureof this judicial dodger and hair splitter. McCreary's Sincerity Unquestioned.Early in the contest Judge 'O'Rearcharged Governor McCreary with insincerity on the question of the county unit, but the Democratic nomineehad no trouble convincing the peoplethat he was responsible for the countyunit plank in the Democratic platform ; that it would not have beenthere without the fight that he hadmade for it ; that he sincerely favoredit3 extension, and that if elected, hewould keep these pledges so sacredlymade. In all his long official careerGovrenor McCreary has never brokenhis word, and Kentuckians know thathe will do his duty in this matter.Democrats Have First PlaceOn Ballot.Secretary uf State Ben L. Brunercertified the official ballots to all thecounty court clerks, who in turn willcertify the ballot to the printers tohave the tickets prepared for theNovember election. The Democraticticket is the first od the ballot. Thesecond place on the balot goes to theRepublicans, followed by the Prohibition, Socialist, Socialist-Labor andPeople's Party tickets.Mt. Sterling Anxious lor Line.Mt. Sterling is anxious for the proposed line from this city extendinginto the coal fields of Eastern Kentucy and the business men's club ofthat city is making an effort to inducethe road to go through that city. Theclub will wait on President Milton B.Smith, of the L. & N. in the near future to put the claims of Mt, Sterlingbefore the head of the road. So far ashas been learned nothing has beendone oa the part of the people of thiscity, looking to secure the branch ofthe road to extend from .Paris. Whileother towns along the survey are busyand anxious to Jget the rosd throughthe people here are sitting idle. Areve going to let this chance sIi'dthrough our fingers?OVERTAXED.Hundreds of Paris Readers EnowWhat It Means.The kidneys are overtaxed;Have too much to do.They tell about it in many aches anddizziness, headache.Early sympthoms of kidney ills.Urinary troubles, dropsy, Bright'sdisease follow.The statement below shows you areliable remedy for kidney ills,s C. P. Welsh, assessor, 167 Drakeitreet, Lexington, Ky., says: "Itgives me pleasure to recommendDoan'a Kidney Pills as I considerthem an excellent remedy. I had frequent attacks of backache, caused Ithink by much bending over a desk atmy work. Having Doan's Kidney Pillsbrought to my attenton, I procured asupply and was given prompt reliefthrough their use. I have great faithin the curative powers of Doan's Kidney Pills and I never fail to recommend them to my friends."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's and? take no other. JvSIX MONTHSAdvanceGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT137;NTGHT 299.The Best is noneBuy33 9lr-FV--rand make the Women happy.DodsonPARIS, KY,QrSS&CJsJjtlXcZ3East Tenn. Telephone Co.INC OBP ORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis," Millersburg, North JMidrJle'.own, Little Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service jouHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr.' Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 1 113 JResidence e.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up StairsJOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices," Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.-.. Street. Portsmouth, Va.?r Says: "My WifeRheumatism Has used Bloodlne forRheumatism with the taostgratifying: results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds it givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used ItEiyself ana find it has doae se a lot of good.' VW. T. Brooks, Agent.too good for you.Fruit and' Shade Trees.J ShrubB,As-jar3gus, Rhabarb, Peonies,Rcses, Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. FreeCd h.Tillenmeyer & sons.3 Ct 2m Lexnigton. KyFOR RENT.New cottage of five rocm3 en EastMain street.MRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.nroniWEBSTEF&New rInternationalDictionaryTHE HERRIAM WEBSTER?Because ? T cbeaxEOli, covering everyfield of the world's thought,action and culture. The onlynew Tin abridged dictionary- inmany years.y-n -Because define over 400,000Words ; more in everbefore appeared between twocovers. 3700 JPages. 6000 JZ-lustrations.Became ' e only dictionarywith the new dividsdpage. A "Stroke of Genius.,IBecause fc an encyclopedia in-. a single volume.Because ' is accepted by theCourts, Schools and.Press as the one supreme authority, .Because k who knows Wins. Success. Let us tllyou about this new work."T Tit tjniiii if nC4C.MEMlAMC0.,FfcW5-clkU.lt.iDentonQgS3tetfaaU-9c- vn2B . art t. 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY OCT. 27, 1911.Bs - i , i i .. . ., . - - "RINIATNlCared by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure tfotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm. (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, last'ng cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S-mr'-inr free by writing Blood.. a : Atlanta, Ga. Describey v:i I'tcuo'c "iid free medical advicegi ;n. 21:1 fcy Varden & Son.Bloodine Cures Strains, BruisRheumatic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atic pains, Pains in. the Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.IIW. T. Brooks, Agent.THE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of GoocLCooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.FOR RENT.A house on 'Twelfth street, adjoining Reform parsonage and residenceof N. Kriener. containing three rooms,dining room and kitchen. Has backporch, veranda 'in front. Large yardand garden. Cistern at door. Apply toGEO. W. JUDY.FOR SALE.A lot of second-hand lumber for salecheap.THE FAIR.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadhmercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send vou aSAMPLE TREATMENT PRE K.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pare and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co. ,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold bv Varden '& Son.ABDUL THE TIMED,The Crafty Turkish Despot Worea Crown of Terror.HIS PALACE LIKE A PRISON.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalontracHngandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish ycu estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call uo Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERYildiz, a Place of Mystery, Was theProduction and the' Abode of FearUnutterable His Dread of Assassination and His Horror of the Dark.For long years Abdul Hamid hadbeen haunted and tormented by thenightmare of death. In every shadowhe seemed to see an assassin. All hisvast power could not bring him onemoment of peacfe and happiness. Notfor one moment was Turkey's monarch at ease.Year by year his fears had beengrowing upon him. He had a terrorof the dark. At night Yildiz alwaysblazed with lights. His sleep had become restless, and he would wakenat the slightest sound. Sometimes hewould come out of his sleep with astart, frightened by a nightmare, andthat would mean hours of wakefulness. At such times he would find thesolitude of his room unbearable, andhe would send for a sorcerer, whowould explain the dream, or a slave,who would read to him from one ofhis favorite books, those giving detailed accounts of assassinations, executions and other horrors.He was always armed. His clotheswere lined with enormous pockets,which served him both as arsenalsand archives and bulged with pistolsand rolls of spies' reports.Everybody at Yildiz was afraid ofbeing shot by him. He was likely tofire at the slightest action that mightseem to him suspicious. There is astory that one day a gardener workingin the park of Yildiz, on seeing thesultan approach, rose quickly from astooping posture to assume a respectful attitude. Abdul Hamid, startledby his sudden appearance and suspecting some evil motive, at once fired athim. The man fell dead. Later, aa noweapon was found on his body, it hadto be acknowledged that a blunderhad been committed. Such is the taletold by the son of the late Prince ofSamos, who was one of the sultan'sministers.Yildiz, scene of innumerable horrors,had been built by Abdul Hamid himself, and he had made it more like alabyrinth than a palace. It was theproduction and the abode of fear unutterable. Surely no sane mind plannedit To guard" against conspirators getting a plan of his residence its masterwas continually changing its internalarrangements, walling up doors, opening new ones, narrowing passages, dividing rooms by partitions, makingwindows and closing them again. Itwas a constantly changing maze.To spare himself the danger of crossing the graveled path that separatedhis apartments from his harem he hadlinked his residence by flying bridgesto the harem on the one side and tothe imperial theater on the other. Thistheater was a gloomy little place,where the monarch would sit entirelyhidden from view in his box while actresses and singers from Paris andother European cities .entertained him.He never came into view, never applauded, and the visible audience consisted of a few members of his family.The building used by Abdul Hamidas his private residence looked morelike a prison, for all the lower win-dows were securely barred and theheavy iron doors were of greatstrength and capable of being firmlybolted inside.Every room in the palace was provided with a couch on which the sultan could sleep if he felt inclined. Nobody ever knew in what room hewould sleep on any given night. Before retiring to rest he would sometimes call his attendants and say tothem: "Keep a good lookout. I amgoing to sleep tonight in this room."But he would invariably sleep somewhere else.On the roof of the imperial apartments was an astronomical observatory which had been fitted up with anexceedingly good telescope by a Parisian firm. This observatory was afavorite place with the sultan, yet hetook not the slightest interest in astronomy. The telescope was there toserve his own purpose of espionage,.for he used it almost exclusively forthe purpose of watching the residenceof Prince Yusuf Izzedin, eldest son ofAbdul Aziz and heir presumptive tothe throne. Its glass was never turned upon the heavens.But sometimes from his lonely lookout the monarch saw stranger thingsthan the residence of Prince Yusuf,things that no other human being hadever dreamed of. There were timeswhen his morbid imagination playedcurious pranks with him.It was on the day following an attempt upon his life by one Ali Souaviand a revolt at Tcheragan, both ofwhich incidents greatly upset him,that Abdul Hamid hurried down fromhis observatory with a wild look in hiseyes and called his first secretary, whoat that time was Ali Fund Bey. Heled the secretary, to a window, and,pointing to the sublime porte somemiles away, ho said, trembling withfear:"Did you see them? They have metI yonder to proclaim my downfall!"""Who?' asked the startled secretary."2tfy ministers," exclaimed the sultan. "My own ministers are now inthe act -of dethroning me. Can't yousee them?" ' -- This statement was quite unfoundedand it wasaxlong time heforethe secretarv couldferlm his-vfrightencd master.Phila"do!pWa-L?el2ger. ' v,Sodding Lawn.The sodding of the lawn of theGovernment Building has been in progress for several days and the workgreatly improves tha looks of the surroundings of the new structure. 'Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut?" or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three first-'class barbers. 13 tfUpheld by ths Appellate Court.The child lanor law of this statewhich provides that there shall be nodefense for damages by employers ofchilrden under 16 years of age, whoare injured in their manufacturingplants, was upheld Wednesday by theCourt of Appeals. The test case wasfrom Campbell countyDamage Suit Against L. N.Dixie McKinley, administrator ofthe estate of Sylvester Whalen,through his attorney, M. C. Swinford,filed suit in the Harrison Circuit Courtlast week against the Louisville andNashville railroad asking damages inthe sum of $25,000 for the death ofWhalen, Whalen was a citizen ofHarrison county and was killed in theyards in this city on Sunday afternoon,July 23, while attending to his dutiesas yard sweeper. He was at workdealing the tracks when an enginehacked down on him, badly manglinghis body and death resulting instantly.Insure with W. O. fiinton.Prompt paying, non - unioncompanies. tfjmk Vf At IVJ .jWHHtfft Jh f e8lI8Lt9Z VSSbb98' 4RmH&mRobbed Moving Freight Train.Probably the most unique train robbery ever pulled off occurred a fewdays ago on the Louisville and Nashville line between Lexington andFrankfort when unknown thievesboarded a freight and threw off several boxes of merchandise which washauled away in a wacron which followed the train. The plan was success-Pll I 1 tTwU l L. il . A. 1 1 J.uujr vuitt.cu wuiit: two special aetectives were on the train on the lookoutfor the culprits. Just as the freightpulled out of Ridgeway, a small station near Frankfort, with the deetctives on board, several men jumpedinto a merchandise car and beganthrowing off boxes of coods. Tha detectives were signaled by Hie conduco in charge of the train and they madean errort to catch the robbers. Before the officers could overtake thpmthey had loaded the boxes in thewagon, driving rapidly away andescaped.Comrades Meet Aiter 42 Years.The unvieling of the Morgan statuein Lexington last Wednesday had theeffect of bringing together a largenumber of the old warriors who hadnot seen their comrades for years, butthe most pleasant surprise was afforded Capt. James McDonald, of KansasCity. Mo., who is in Paris on n vimfto friends, when he met with an oldcomrade, J. J. Carngan, of Nicholasville. The meetincr was a surnriae to hoth.each thinking the other had passedover the river and it was the greetingof old comrades that had been separated tor iortytwo years when they cameupon each other. Capt. McDonald andMr. Carrigan are two of the thrpe surviving members of the fafnous Hamilton Guards. Company G., Sceond Kentucky Infantry that fought underGeneral Morgan.Capt. McDonald's home was formerly in Paris and it was here that he enlisted in the service. Just at the closeof the war he was eummissirnt-d nscaptain as a reward fur his braveryduring his struggle for the Southland.Capt. McDonald is an independent oilproducer and has been fighting theStandard Oil Company for a r umber ofyears.The Gioods You Choose Will Gome ToYour Home As They Ought To ComeThey will be delivered with painstaking care. Delivery serviceas welS as every service fully warrants every young couple in visaing this store.HEATERS.FINE ORK DINING THBLE$10.75.Solid golden oak solid pedest .148-inch round top fluted legs extends, when opened,6 feet.A most excellent Dining Table inevery respect, and the biggest bargain-you ever laid eyes on. Come and getyours ere they are gone.'ileaitJCiflL.We choose for our stocks aswe would have others choose'for our own use. That's whywe made 'Buck s stoves andranges our choice. 10c a dayor a week will place any"Buck's" in your home.Cook stoves $14 up.Get your heateready for the cool.veather that iscoming. One ofourHotBlastHeaterswill keep the summer heat withyou.$3.75upto$48A. F. WHEELER & COMain and Third Sts.CHftS. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court House.JEnthusiasm Before All.Every good and commanding movement in the annals of the world is thetriumph of enthusiasm. Nothing greatwas ever accomplished without it.Emerson.Nature's Law.For everything you have missed, youhave gained something else; and foreverything you gain, you lose something. Em erson.L. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M."jffe&;0&HSU4GENILEMANS-SHOEjtyg 0 j-ti'MsrFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.No.34134297104037312332625913838539308321431Trains -A.rrrv"e. " "'FROM , 'Atlanta, Ga.. Day : .. .5,21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 am.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Exeepc Sunday .7.38 amRowland, hy. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am.Lexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday S.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.02 am.Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.18 am-Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana. k y , Daily Except Suncftiy 3.10 pmMaysvi!hj, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm.Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, 'I enn.. Daily 3.25 pm.Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunnsiy '. 5.40 pm.Lexington, Ky., Daily 612 Dm-Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 am-Jacksonville, Fla.. Daily ...ff 17 pm-Lexington, Ky.. Daily 10.27' pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:45pnTrains XDe-pa,rvtGeo. M'WilLams,111111 1 1 1 mini 11 11 111 111 1 1 1111 1 1111 11 111 11 1 11No.84429740101373733133626253893932813303113TOamamamamamCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v 5.35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ... ...7.47Frank rt & Lonisville. Daily Except .Sunday 7.43Cincinnati, O., Dailv Except Sunday 8.20Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 8.20' amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.d7 am.Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 aniJacksonville, Fla., Daily : 10,18 mLexington, Ky., Daily -. . . 10.21 anxMaysville, K., Daily 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pmCincinnati, O., Daily - 3.4o pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.4S pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.22 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 6.25 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6.25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pmLexington, K., Daily z 10.53 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pm.The Right Cement for Concrete isSUPERIOR' CEMENTCelebrated in the Middle West as Ihe finestground and lowest in magnesia less than 1 percent. This means dense, durable concrete thatvvill never crumble. It's a true Portland cementthat will last for ages. Ask for our Free Superior Literature, which gwes proportions formixing concrete, etc. Insist on Superior.Union Trust Building, CiticinnaU, O.Justus Collins, PresidentThe Superior Portland Cement Co.Superior Eadsres.SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co., , Peris, K7.fc IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.u ; . Trains -A-rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda . . J. .-..,.,.4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday :8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday . ,162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only ...'....'1.8.13 arm..3 40 pnL,. .6.01-pm,.100b-pmTrains 3De;pe,rtj$To. TO 11G1 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only :7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunda3r1 F ankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Snnrr.y.- . .f-' 3 FrankfortKy; Daily Except? Sunday f: .-. .H iv&iZ&f. . ...-.7.10 am. ..7.43' am. . : .9.53amaX' rr"1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCf. 27, 1911..KAUFMAN, STRAUS & ColI LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY . IFyave You Seen Our Display. of Dew Velvet Suits?More Charming and Attractive Outer Garments Are Notto be Procured Anywhere.We're enthusiastic over the wonderfully interestingassortment of rich and handsome Velvet Suits that we'vegathered here for your approval, and we're quite certainthat you will share in our enthusiasm when you view themand try them on personally so that you can properly judgeof their becomingness.Velvet is undoubtedly the most popular novelty material of the season, and since the fashionable women of NewYork adopted it so widely, a great demand has developedsor it.It makes a truly rich and elegant costume that maymay be used with equal propriety for street and eveningwear. In addition to its handsome appearance it is durable, and will render excellent services.We're showing a broad variety of the Velvet dressesmade by one of the country's best manufacturers. Thequality is splendid, the workmansnip of an expert character, and fit and satisfaction assured.New Displays of Reversible Coats. Late Modelsin Serge and Broadcloth Dresses. Exclusive Designs at Moderate Prices. A Spleridid Quality,Long, Pony. Fur Coat at $55. Children's Coats andDresses in Great Variety.Conductor Injured in Wreck. 'Conductor Lewis Brady, of Parte,suffered a broken colar bone and was 'otherwise painfully injured as the re-1suit of the derailment of several earsof fast L. & N. freight train No. 44,near JEscondida Monday night. Fourcars left the track ancjw ere upturned.tfraay, who wa riding in the caboose,was thrown heavily to the fljor ofthe car by the sudden stopping of thetrain. He was brought to his home inParis for treatment. The wreckerfrom this city was sent out. The fastKnoxville train, southbound, was sentby way of Lexington over fthe tracksof the Chesapeake and Ohio railroadto Winchester.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.SFAMPS MOORE;City Collector.Game Plentiful.'With only three weeks inteiveningbetween now and November 15, whenthe hunting season opens, sportsmenand hunters everywhere are makingpreparations for one of the biggestseasonsi n many years. The woods andfields this fall will be fairly alive withsportsmen, for the word has gone outall over the State that game is moreplentiful this year than ever before.Dry weather during the summer hasbeen favorable to the vouncr birds, andI na a nnnaamtanna fWin fnmtlinK nnll .-.-PWM M UAJkJl.VjlutMVC UI1C J.CII1JJ J JUL 41111 UJ.the quail can be heard on every side inregions that quail were never beforeknown to inhabit.Beautiful Flowers.Let us furnish you with cut flowers.We represent the best 'floiist in theSouth and his sotcK this fall is verysupr'eior.JO VARDEN.Sweet Cider.Pure, sweet apple cider vinegar.The hrst of the season.24 2tSAUER.The Turkey Crop.Kaufman, Straus & 6o.LEXINGTON, KY.JThe turkey croo of this section ofthe State is sdid to b one of the largest in years and extensive prepar-j itions are being made for the handlingof the crop for the Thanksgiving market. C. S. Brent & Bro., of this city,j are increasing their facilities in thiscuy, uarnsie ana Miiiersourg, ana inthe two latter places cold storages arebeing erected. The crop in this county at this early date is said to be infair condition and by the time themarket opens the fowls will be in finecondition for slaughter, which will begin about November 10.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Funeral Designs.The flowers we furnish for funeralsare exquisite. The price is reasonable.The service prompt. Satisfactionguaranteed.JO VARDEN.J. H. Ewalt Honored by Masons.Mr. Joseph H. Ewalt, of this city,was elected to the second highest officeof the Grand Lodge of Masons whichconcluded its 'annual session at theMasonic Temple in Louisville onThursday afternoon of last week. Mr.Ewalt was chosen as deputy grandmaster and is in line for the highestoffice in the gift -of the grand lodge,which will fall to him at the expiration of the term of the present incumbent, Mr. David Jackson, of London. .he Tmeeting of the grand lodge closed with the adoption of the report ofthe committee on resolutions. Probably the most interesting part of thecommittee's report was that advisingagainst the reduction to writing of anypart of esoteric or cryptic Masonryand the decision to have no official instructor during the coming year.The officers installed hv iho onnrilodge were as follows:David Jackson, London, grand master; Joseph H. Ewalt, Paris, deputygrand master; O. S. Ware, Covington,grand senior warden; George B. Winslow, Carrollton, grand junior warden :John H. Deathers, Louisville, gia dtreasurer; H. B. Grant, Louisville,grand secretary ;John I biHher. Nort.iMiddletown.grand assistant secretary ; ,Charles M. Reid, MidoKsboro. grand Ichaplain ; L. A. Davis, Berea, grandseniocr deacon : M. P I hillits, r.ribOrchard, grand -junior d. act n ; GeorgeB. Sp ncer, Carlisle, grat j marshal;John Vose, Ashland.grand sad Learer:JohnC. Vaught, Winchester, grandpursuivant ; (Jharles A. Gipe, Louisville, grand tyler.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.Fresh Every Day.Miss Holladay's home made candies,fresh every.. day. On sale at BruceHolladay's. 20 3tC. E. Services Sunday Night.The church services at the Christianchurch Sunday night will be conducted by the Young People's ChristianEndeavor Society. The meeting willbe at 7 o'clock and the program :s asfollows :1. Doxology.2. The Disciples Pray in Concert.3. An old time Christian EndeavorSong and Praise service, conducted bythe chairman of the prayer committee.4. "Christian Endeavor as Relatedto the Church of Christ."5. Song.6. Address"-Barton W. Stone.7. Reading of History and Watcho oO. OU1J&.9. Address Thos. Campbell.10. Song.11. Address Alexander Campbell.12. Special Music.13. Sword Drill.14. Address, Christian Endeavor,the Disciples of Christ and ChristianUnion.15. Song, "Blest be the Tie thatBinds."16. Mizpah.rANNOUNCEMENTWe Have Taken the Exclusive Agencylfor theWorld-Famous W-W-W PermanentlyGuaranteed RingFrom now on the men and women, boys and girls ofthis town will have in opportunity to buy a guaranteedset ring. This ring that we have on sale is made so wellthat the maket guarantees it.Each one is accompanied by a written guarantee thatdistinctly says that if a stone should come out it will bereplaced absolutely free at any time, or, if necessary, anew ring in its place.Just think what this means to you people who wishto buy a set ring either for yourself or as a gift. Justthink what pleasure such a ring will give you, when youknow that the stones are perfectly secure when youknow that no matter what happens to the ring or howlong it is worn it is guaranteed by the maker.These rings are here for your inspection in all thevarious birthstones. They are made for men, womenand children, and can be bought at prices from 2 up.WE WANT tOU TO SEE THESE RINGSSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers."The House of Quality." ftBoth Phones. M. sbbbbb mmmmmm mLwIIa. W k. J - X- mm m m naI mi iuui ocaouiiauiG iiccudiAre Provided For in Our Stock. IWindow Glass,Husking Gloves,Husking Pins,Foot Scrapers,Flower Pots,Sausage Mills,Coal Vases,Coal Hods,Fire Shovels,Pokers and Tongs,Hearth Brooms,Lard Presses.Weather Strip.Our Stock is Complete and OurPrices Are Right.FORD & CO.Very Attractive Prices in Cut Glassand Brass Goods.Binds." k mBJ wlBBKBHmmmmwmwkmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmkmwkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmw A. - JA T T H 11Our entire stock of Shoes to be closed out at prices that will. sell them quick. We need the space for othergoods, and therefore will discontinue this department. You will not have another opportunity this season to buygood Shoes for yourself and the children at such wonderful bargain prices.Ladies' Shoes, Patent Kid, buttonand lace, all sizes, regular price$3.50, Closing-Out Prce.Ladies' Shoes, Patent Kid, buttonand lace, all sizes, regular price$4, Closing-Out SaleLadies' Oxfords, regular price$2.50, Closing-Out SaleLadies' Oxfords, regular price$3, Closing-Out Sale$2.48$2.69$1.48$1.69$1.69Ladies Shoes, Vici Kid, Lace andButton, all sizes, regular price$2.50, Closing-Out PriceLadies' Shoes, Gun Metal withcloth top. button and Lace, all sizes 1 43regular price $3, Closing-Out Price... H0Ladies' Shoes, Gun Metal, buttonand lace, all sizes, regular price$3.50, Closing-Out PriceLadies' Oxfords, regular price$3.50, Closing-Out Sale$1.98Ladies' Shoes, Patent Kid, buttonand lace, all sizes, regular price$3, Closing-Out PriceS2.48$1 .98A small lot of $5 Suede High Shoessizes 2 1-2 to 4 1-2, to be closedout, at per pairS2.00A Small Lot of Children's Shoes Broken in Size, tobe Closed Out at the Following Bargain Prices:$1.75 Shoes, to be closed out at $1.29$2.00 Shoes, to be closed out at $1.48$2.25 Shoes, to be closed out at ..$!. 69: : During this Shoe Sale We Will Make Special Prices on Suits, Coats, Skirts and Millinery I .Don't Miss this Golden Opportunity-Come Early While You Can Get Your Size in ShoesThe Simon Department Store, Paris, Kentucky,3-,;AA' !-5C.y&'tf'1HTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 27 1911.45K$1?Hfc BOURBON NEWS.- JALWAYS. HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODTORD.Buys New Machine.Mr. John Johnson bought this weekof the Bourbon Garage a new fourpassenger Flanders automobile.Lots Withdrawn.The two building lots on South Mainstreet, the property of the Ransonheirs, were offered at public sale Tuesday afternoon by the real estate firmof Harris & Speakes, bjt were withdrawn. Ladies Take Notice.We don't display our goods on thestreet and haven't for a year.C. P. COOK & CO.Window Glass.Now is the time to put in windo wglass. Our stock is complete.FORD & CO.Good Lot Sale at Berry.The local real estate firm of Harris& Speakes conducted a very successfullot sale at Berry Saturday afternoon.Nineteen lots sold at prices rangingfrrm$50J:o $170 or an average cf$111.60.Sausage Time.Look over your saueage mill andl2rd press and get needed repairs dow.A FORD & CO.Time to Change.Your underwear. You'll find just thekind you want here, 50 cents the garment and upwards.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Supplemental Registration.The last two days of this month andthe first day of November will be thedays for registration for those whowere prevented by legal reason fromregistering on the general registrationday.Buggy Robes.We have the best! line of huggyrobes and horse blankets that can bebought. Our prices are moderate.Give us a call.27 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Fresh Caught Salmon.Nice lot of fresh caught salmon received this morning. Phone your orderearly if you want any as they .will gofast.T. LENIHAN.Cottage Burned.A frame cottage belonging to Maggie Wilson, colored, on the continuation of Seventh street was badlydamaged by fire about noon Wednesday The fire originated from a defective flueMcClure & Clendenin writeRre and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Feld's Good Shoes.At David Feld's you get the bestvariety of shoes. 6 tfCalled Meeting o Shrraers.There will be a called meeting ofOleika .Temple, Ancient and ArabicOrder of Nobles of the Mystic Shrineheld in Lexington on Thursday. October 26, at 8 p. m. Thanksgiving ceremonial and other business.Cut Flowers. .Cut flow rs on short notice. None bi tfresh heaitfy stcck furnished. Phoneus your oider.JO VARDUN..Upto Date Billiard Hall.Follow the crowds to Mann's Billiard Hall. 15 tfHallowe'en.Next Tuesday will be Hallowe'fn.For a long time it has been comnn morated aa a holiday, and the prow lugof the "goblins" will no dcubt go onhere as it has so many times before.We would pdvise that all citizens beon the aleit and hope that the boys willcelebrate the occasion only in a waythat v ill pffoid them amusement, andnot coniucs to the destruction ofproperty .Cut Glass.Many new shapes arid cuttings inrich cut glass at ridiculously lowprices.FORD & CO.Attention Ladies.I have a rnew line of corsets withspecial features to them that I wouldlike to show to the ladies of Paris.These ocrsets lace both in the frontand back.' They are ot the best makeand a perfect fit is guaranteed. EastTennessee phone 112.27 3t MRS. ELIZABETH HILfc.D. of C. to Meet.There will be an imnortant meetingof Richard Hawes Chapter Daughtersof the Confederacy at the Confederateroom in te crurt house this afternoonat wo o'clock and evey nvrrb'sr aurgently rt quested to be present. Thereport of the convention held in Lexington will oe read and officers ofthe chapter for the coming year willbe elected.- Flowers for Parties.Let us furnish you cut flowers ford c orations. Prorrpt service guaranty. Nolhin? but the best stock furnished. - JO VARDEN. ,PERSONAL MENTION.t Mr. and Mr3. Carl Wilmoth arevisiting at LeesburgMrs. Henriette Ford is visitingfriends in Cincinnati.Z Mr. Robert Goggin i" out after anattack of lumbago. 'Mrs. N. C. Fisher, of Georgetown,is visiting in this city.Capt. Ed Taylor, of Lexington,wes a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mrs. D. C. Parrish is visiting herdaughter, Mrs. ivi. A. Brannin, in Cincinnati. Miss Florence Paynter is visitingher sister, Mrs. Coleman Metcalf, inCincinnati.Mrs. Rhodes Shackleford, of Richmond, is the guest of her father, Mr.C. M. Clay.Mr. Robert Goggin is confined tohis home on Houston avenue with anattack of lumbago.Mrs. M. E. Lydick, of Cynthiana,is visiting her daughter, Mrs. J. O.Marshall, in this city.Miss Gladys Ashurst, of near thiscity, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. Chas.Ecton, in Winchester.Mrs. Custis Talbott returned yesterday after a visit to friends in.Louisville and Lawrenceburg.The Hamilton Guards will meet inthe Conftderate room in the courthouse at 2:30 o'clock Saturday.Misses Ruth Arnold and MaragretAyers, of Newport,. are guests of Mr.and Mrs. W. G. Talbott near this city.Dr.'C. G. Daugherty attended 'themeeting of the Kentucky State Medical Association held in Paducah thisweek.Miss Mattie Baldwin, of Georgetown, attended the Baldwin-Davieswedding in this city Tuesday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. Cromwell Clevelandhave returned from several days7 visitto Dr. and Mrs. C. H. Nelson in Cov;ington.Misses Madeline Aldrich andNanny Tulley have returned to Maysville after a visit to Mrs. Thos. Bestin this city.Mr. and Mrs. John Cohen have returned to their home in Lexingtonafter a visit to Mr. and Mrs. ClarkBarhett in this city.Buys Scott County Land.Dr. D. S. Henry, the well knownreal estate man of this city, has purchased of Dr. J. N. Riley, of Scottcounty, a tract of ten acres of land atStamping Ground that in county at$200 per acre. The tract will be divided into huilding lots and disposed of atpublic auction.Hungarian Arrested.A Hungarian givng his name asFrank Gore, was arrested Wednesdaynight by Patrolman Fred Link andlodged in jail on a charge ot drunkenness. The man spoke very poor English and it was with difficulty his storycould be understood. It was learnedthat he was a miner and had comehere from the mountains. PatrolmanLink found the man in the old fairgrounds in an intoxicated . conditionand took him into custody. On hisperson was found a pocketbook containing about $95 in money. In PoliceCourt he was let off with a minimumfine.Mens Meeting.Qn Sunday, October 29, there willbe'a meeting at 3 o'clock p. m. incharge of Rev. E. M. Lightfoot formen only. The pastor is delivering aseries of sermons to the men of Parisand all the men of the city are requested to be present on this occasion.They are Very Durable and WearSweater jackets, shaker knit, withnd without military collars, $2.50 to$6. J. W. DAVIS & CO.Health Officer Puts Up Signs.To improve the healthful conditionsof certain localities in the city, and toprevent a practice that has been followed fur some ticae Dr. A. H. Keller,the city health officer has had postedin certain parts of the city signs warning persons who are in the habit ofhitching their horses on the streetsand where they are left standing forseveral hours. There is a city ordinance to this effect and the HealthOfficer is making an effort to put astop to this practice, believing that byso doing the healthful condition of thecity will be improved.DEATHS.Mr. S. S. Clay, aged 84 years,died at his residence on Pleasantstreet Wednesday night at midnightafter a protracted illness, due to hisadvanced age. Mr. Clay was one ofthe most prominent citizens of thiscity and for one term served thegovernment in the capacity of postmaster. He had been in failing health forseveral months, the most of the timebeing confined to his home. While hisdeath was not entirely unexpected itwas a severe shock to his relativesand friends.Mr. Clay is survived by three children, Mr. Frank Clay, of Paris, Mr.Henry Clay, of Lexington, and Mrs.H Clay Howard, wife of the UnitedStates Minister to Peru. Mrs. Howardrecpntly returned from Peru upon receipt of the intelligence ot the illnessof her father.One bister, Miss Letitia Clav, of thiscity, and two brotheis, Messis. Georgeand Joseph Clay, of this county, alsosurvive. His wife preceded him to thegrave about three years ao.The funeral services will be held athis late residence this morning at 9:30o'clock and the bedv will be taken toLexington on the 10 :20 L. & N trainfor burial in the Lexington cemetery.The pall-bearers will be: Messrs.Gfo. Howard, C. T. Kenney, FrankClsy, J T. VanFan", Douglas Embryand Abmoise Dudley. . -CDr. Hickman is Discharged.Dr. Hickman,' colored, charged withkilling Dave Robinson, tjie negro mailcarrier on the evening of October 16,was discharged at his examining trial,held in the County Corut Wednesday.I The case was tried before JudgeDenis Dundon and occupied all ofTuesday and up til noon Wednesday. Upwards of forty witnesses on both sideshad been summoned, and the trial attracted considerable attention .especially among the colored race.Hickman, who was represented byHon. E. M. Dickson, entered a plea ofself-defense. County Attorney GeorgeBatterton conducted the prosecutionand he was ably assisted by JudgeHarmon Stitt.The evidence given in the case wascontradictory in the extreme andJudge Dundon in his opinion given before the discharge of the defendant,stated such to be the case, but in theface of the testimony given, there wasnot enough evidence to substantiatethe claim of the prosecution and tohold the accused to the grand jury.The prosecution relied upon the evidence of Edith Fields, a coloredwoman, who besides the young son ofHickman, was the only eye-witness tothe shooting and her evidence was relied upon to relent the testimony of thedefendant. No' arguments were madeand upon the testimony the case wassubmitted to the court.Auction Sale.The household effects of Mrs. LizizeArkle will be sold at auction on Wednesday, November 1 at 2:30 p. m.Read the ad in another column. 27 2tBox Supper Tonight.A box supper will be given tonightat the Colville school for the benefit ofthe library of the school. jwerhyodyinvitedBourbon Marksmen Win Prizes.In a contest at clay pigeons at theshoot given by the Winchester GunCluo Tuesday Mr. Thomas HenrvClay, of Bouibon county, was awardedsecond honor and Mr. J. N. Shropshire, of Centerville, came in third.Public Sale.Read the advertisement in anothercolumn of the public sale uf householdeffects belonging to Mrs. Lizzie Arkle.Sale Wednesday, November 1. 27 2tCold Weather Necessities.Coal vases, coal hods, fire shovelsand pokers.FORD & CO.Accepts Agency.Mrs. Eliza Ayers, of Cypress street,this city, has accepted agency forKamphene. formerly handled by Mrs.Robert Burns. O. C. Bower & Co., ofOklahoma City, Okla , are sole manufacturers Kamphene, a wonderfulhousehold remedy. .Card of Thanks.I desire to extend my sincere thanksto the fire department and to all thosewho rendered such valuable aid duringthe, fire which partially destroyed myhome yesterday'morning. I feel thatit was through the cool efforts of myfrierds and neighbors that all of myeffects were removed from the building without the slightest damage. Tothose who so generously opened theirdoors, until the damage I have sustained can be repaired, I am deeply grateful. GEO. W. DAVIS. ;Not "for Her.- One of our smallest business men,a little bit of a fellow at the dinnertable of the house, a few days ago,was jokingly proposing marriage to afat woman about six times his size."No," indignantly replied the big woman, "when I marry I don't want to geta man so small that I'll have to shakethe bed clothes in the morning lo findhim."Spanish City's Vehicle Tax.Valencia, Spain, farms out its vehicle tax fc a fixed sum per annumto a concessionary, who is allowed tocollect under the terms of his contracta sum amounting to about $34.50 foreach automobile, plus about $4.0G extra for each seat the car containsPractically all the machines are keptfor only city and park driving.FOR RENT.Modern cottage on Higgins avenue.Five rooms and bath, water and gas.Apply to undersigned.28 3t JOHN "PETE" CAIN.Public Sale-OF-Household & KitchenFurniture.I will sell at ray home on the cornerof Second street and .Lilleston avenueonWednesday, Nov, 1st, 1911,at 2:30 p. m. all of my householdand kitchen furnture, consisting iupart ofLeather ccuch;Leather lot torn dining chair s.Oak chiffonieis.Oak dressers.Heating stove.Kitchen range.Besides the above there are a number of carpets, chains and many otherarticles too numerous to mentijn.TERMS. Cash.MRS. LIZZIE ARKLE,Pari?, Ky.Geo. D. Speaker, Auctioneer.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.Home Made Candy.Miss Holladay's home made candieson saie at Bruce Holladay's. Freshevery day. ,20 3tIrish Potatoes Cheap.Irish potatoesfinest on th marketat 2.r cents per peck for this' week.Both phones 234.24 2fc T. C. LENIHAN.PUBLIC SALE.I will offer at public auction onCourt day, Monday, November, 7,1911, at my stock yards 15 good sows,most of them have, pigs and the restare due to pig now.M. J. MURPHY.THEJAIR!An Important Friday Sale ofReliable Merchandise.Regular G5c inverted Gas Lights,burners, globe and mantle, special,39c.Fine thin blown clear glass belltumbles, Friday oply 20c a set. Pressed tumblers, dainty star cuttings,15c a set.Special in lace edge shelf paper, llinches wide and in all colors, 12 yardsin a piece, 2 pieces for 5c.Wall Paper at 49 Cents a Room.Ten bolts of paper and two rolls ofborder to match, over qne hundredpatterns to select from at 49c a room.Supply your wants now. Patterns instock that cannot be duplicated againat the mice.aHam's No. 2 cold blast lanters,burns No. 2 wick, gives a strong,clear light, every guaranteed at (59ceach.Noodle Cutters - 5 Cents EachAlarm clocks, 1.00 value, will run36 hours at one winding; Friday only,59 cents.THE FAIR...J. T. HINTONm,j. T.vUISOLE AGENT FORATHENA UNDERWEARFor Ladies and Children.The Elastic Cuff' holds the sleeve in place. Special stayprevents garment from stretching over the shoulder.Comfort without bulk Daintiness with duribility.SOLE AGENT FORHENDERSON CORSETS.Buy good Corsets. The "better Corsets you buy the betterJigure you will have, the more stylish you will appear andthe longer service you will get from your Corset. Wecarry them from $1 upward.I W. EdiWE ARE READY FOR YOUIn ', n .rees usnPotatoesIS Blackberry JamILenox SoapFEE'SLVM FORTSANDJL,BLANKETS,.?imsTToiisrmmITuckerIIn . Ispecials.Fancy NorthernStockPer PeckZbcii10c!Per PoundI$2,85Per BoxIr&fr'KSf P f -r T j i n - v .?-KTsrr . 5r'-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 27, 1911.rmmmmmm wkmmmmm mmmmm whmm h w wIIT i ,. , , ISpear Reduction Sale.t international ttasoiineJJJJN W1JN JiiSuits, Coats. Skirts, Dressesand Waists.'frWi ""'As the Autumn of the Season is Progressing and WithOur Brand New Stock We will Offer ForFriday and Saturday,October 27 and 28, the following:Suits in all-wool lined with guaranteed satin in mannish cloth, fJHj 4broadcloth and serge in all colors, worth $20 W WW$10.00,: 1 $7.50: -$7,50S3. 98Long black coats as well as mixtures,worth $20 ....Dresses of newest styles and colors,worth $12.50New Reversible Coats, all colors,worth $ 1 5 ,..Skirts in all-wool in all colors,worth $8.'50.Shirt waists in new designs with lace collars and linen collars andcuffs, worth $2 90CAlterations Free.A. H. DOMBPCorner 5th and MainBoth Phones 129m mmmmmm mmAdministrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.W. W. Massie, are requested to calland settle at once.Those havine claims against theestate will please present same proper- jly proven according to law lor payment to the undersigned.JAMES McCLURE, Administrator10 lm of Mrs W. W. MassieBlooding Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChecker manently, cures aCough, Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and' LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrtette Wells Allen. Gaff ney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andIts the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.EffO! What is "j HKw&QsotI wR without WmSiTMtVll HrWhat ishomewithouta Victor?People who Hon't own a Victor can't realize the amount ofhappiness they are missing. Just think of having in your homethe finest music in the world, played and sung bythe greatestartists!The'greatest singersf the "greatest orchestras,' the greatestbands, the greatest soloists and the greatest comediansyoursto enjoy whenever you wish.Why bother with poor singers anH hesitate aEout gettingall this enjoyment when you can have a Victor delivered to yourhome today on easy monthly payments? t tCome in and select any style Victor or .Victor-Victrola you desire.,$10. $17.50. $25. $32.50. $40. $50, $60 100 for aVictpr. $75, $100- S150..Victor-Victrolas, $1", 540, $50, $150 up.Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed lorever ;nine cases out; of ten are caused bycatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannol be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free. F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Things Eternal.E'en from the tomb the voice ofnature cries, e'en In our ashes livetheir wonted fires. Thomas Gray.Kicked by a Mad Horse.Samuel Birch, of Beetown, Wis.,had a narrow escape irom losing hisleg, as no doctor could head thefrightful sore that developed, but atlast Bucklen's Arnica Salve cured itcompletely. It's the greatest healerof ulcers, burns, boils, eczema, scaldscut-, corns, ecld sores, bruises andpiles on earth. Try it. 25c at Ober-dorfer's.DALGHERTY BROS.1 Facts as to Air's Movements.The movement of air Is variouslyl designated, according to its velocity.as a zephyr, breeze, wind, gale or hurricane. A dense or thick fog, according to the weather bureau, obscuresobjects at a distance of 1,000 feetONE WAY OF IBABYvING- FREE TO TRThe mother does not live whorould'not do all in her power to keepher child healthy, but often she doesnot know how. So when a doctorof standing points the way all canafford to listen.It is an accepted fact that nine outor ten ofthe troubles of infants andchildren is intestinal. You notice itby the fact that the child is constipated, it belches, is peevish and cries.Don t give a remedy that contains anopiate, because the child will get inthe habit of needing it, and don't become alarmed and run at once for adoctor.Try a scientific laxative first. Givea small dose ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup-Pepsin, the remedy that is intendedfor the use of children. It is mildgentle and non-griping. The remedyis absolutely pure and is, guaranteedin every particular. Mrs. Toomey ofEmingsville, Pa., and Mrs. FredCrqms of Alanson, Mich., "never givetheir children anything else. Theseare only a few among thousands olwomen.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any nearby druggist,for they have all sold it for a generation, but if you want to test it on yourchild first send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will cheerfully sendyou a free sample bottle.Address him Dr. W". B. Caldwell402 Caldwell building Monticello".111. ' 'Midnight in the Ozarksand yet sleepless Hiram Scran ton, ofClay City, 111., coughed and coughed.He was in the mountains on the advice of five doctors, who said he hadconsumption, but found no help inthe climate and started home. Hearing of Dr. King's New Discoyery, hebegan to use it. I believe it savedmv life,'' he writes, "for it made anew man of me so that I can now dogood work again." For all lung disease, coughs, colds, lagrippe, asthma,cioup, whooping cough, hay fever,hemorrhages, hoarseness or quinsyits the best known remedy. Price 50cand $1. -Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Gigantic Task.A billion dollars is a great sum ofmoney. It would take a man, working eighty hours a day, over 90 yearsto count and stack it at the rate ofa dollar a second.-&?All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.CflTPBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aS AMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for beme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.mFree ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies' Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call atNever Out of Work.The busiest little thing pver madeare Dr. King's New Life Pills. Everypill is a sugar-coated glocule of healththat changes weakness into strength,languor into edevgy, brain fag into jmental power; curing constipation,headace, chills dyspepsia, malaria.Only 23c at Oberdorter's.iTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky2tB2ftaB3raKftft 5fl B27V 1'fflRWtlWomen in Business.Women are now engaged in all buttwo of the 303 gainful occupations ofthe men of this country.Saved His Mother's Life."Four doctois had given me up.''writes Mrs. Laura Gaines, of Avoca,La., "and my children and all myfriends were looking for me to die,when my son insisted that I use Electric Bitters. I did so and they havedone me a world of good. I will always prise them." Electric Bittersis a priceless blessing to women troubled with fainting and dizzy spells,backache, headache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney disorders. Use them and gain new healthstrength and vigor. They're guaranteed to satisfy or money refunded.Only 50c at Oberdorfer' s.International Marriages.There are five hundred Americanwomen in Europe who left their native land as the brides of so-callednoblemen. Out of these, two hundredhave been divorced or are separatedfrom their husbands.Unnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669Day Trip to St Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8:20 a. m., direct connection is madewith the B. &. 0. S-W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noondaily, arriving St. Louis at eighto'clock same evening, 'lhis train carries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction."Parlor cars, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSt.' Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lineB. Other B. & 0. S-W.St Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. m., 9 a.- ix. end 9:15 p.ra:4d3jly except Sunday. Nijjht trainshave" electric lighted sleeping carswith individual bettn lignts. For information as to fares and other particulars consult your ln:al ticket agentor addressS. T. SEELYT, ,'' T P. A.. B. & 0. S-WT R. R..513 TractionBldg., .Cincinnati, OhioNotice of Election."Notice is hereby eiven that therewill be on Tuesday after the first Mondayi n November, 1911, which is November 7, 1911, an election held whichwas o-dered by the Uourbon CountyCourt on August 3, 1911, for the purpose of taking the sense of the legalvoters in the Precinct of ClintonvilleNo 1, upon the question as to whetheror net cattle or any species thereofshall be permitted to run at large insai 1 precinct.A. S. THOMPSON.Sheriff Bourbon County.Oct 17, 24, 27, 31.Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCares Rheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema hes, Dandruff ana Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, AgentMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties..' E. Tenn. Thone 716.NOTICE.To Whom it May Concern:Notice is hereby given that theundersigned, who has been convictedin the Bourbon County Court for theoffense of carrying concealed weapons,will, on'or after October 28. 1911, apply to the Governor of the State for afull pardon for the offense.O. H. PETERS.Paris, Ky., October 14, 1911.CITYTAXESFOF 1911ADMINISTRATOR'S NOTICE.Notice is hereby given that theundersigned has qualified as the administrator of the estate of M. H.Current, deceased, and all persons having claims against said estate will present the same properly proven to theuncip signed.All persons owing said "state arehereby notified to pay the same to theundersigned administrator., E. B. CURRENT, Administrator,Lua. 537 Columbia avenue,e,6t . Lexington, Ky.Now in My Hands .for Collection.Office First National Bank.ttamne Mmriuiiiuu IfflUUIDiCity Collector .5.i-J' j&toi,Jfe -. Ji .i-rz.; .-iffsi: .JMTH&SbOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 27 1911JAWHY HESITATE.An Offer that Involves No MoneyRisk if You Accept It.We are so positive our remedy willcompletely relieve constipation, nomatter how chronic it may be, that weoffer to furnish it free of all cost if itiails.Constipation is commonly caused Lyweakness of the nerves and muscles ofthe large intestine. To expect a cure,ou must therefore tone up andstrengthen thoEe organs and restorethem to a healthier activity.We want you to try Rexall Orderliesen our guarantee. They are eaten likecandy and are particularly good forchildren. They seem to actdircetly onthe nerves and muscles of the bowels.They apparently have a neutral actionon the other organs. They do notpurge or cause other incoi.vinience.We will refund your money if they donot overcome chronic or habitual constipation and thus aid to relieve themyriads of associate or dependentchronic ailments. Try Rexall Orderlies at our risk. Three sizes, 10 cents,25 cents and 50 cents. Sold enly atcur store The Rexall- Store. C. S.Varden & Son, Pans, Ky.Erratic."One objection, it seems to me,against being a great man." said theperson who habitually does his thinking along erratic lines. 'Ms that aftera statesman has made footprints onthe sands of time it keeps him busytrying to obliterate them." Puck.Man's Complex Makeup.The average man in health has thematerial for 13 pounds of candles, onepound of nails, carbon sufficient tor800 pencils, bindings for 18 octavobooks, 500 knife handles. 28 violinstrings. 20 tea spoonfuls salt and onepound of leal sugar.Fell From Roof of Church.A mason named Littlejohn, residingin the Strathdon district of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, met his death recently in a remarkable manner Heclimbed to the roof of a church in order to dislodge a swarm of bes, butsuddenly overbalancing, he fell to theground and was killed on the spotUtilized Spsre Time."One can accomplish much by utilizing spare moments." "That's rightThat tall girl yonder has read sevensummer novels this season while shewas dummy at bridge." LouisvilleCourier-Journal.PUBLIC SALETo be sold publicly on premises thetwo "desirable building lots fronting on'Virginia avenue in Bcurbcn Heights,will be sold to the highest and bestbidder on Thursday atfernoon, October26, at 2:30 o'clock.BOURBON HOSPITAL LEAGUE,Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.A Speedy Cure forConstipation, Biliousness, Dyspepiia, Indigestion,Liver Complaints, Tired Feeling, Bad Taste inthe Mouth, Bad Complexion, Nervousness and alldiseases of the Stomach, Liver and. Bowels." Bloodine Liver Pills"act gently, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,stomach and digestive organs. The pills, in oldand chronic cases of constipation and indigestion,act St once, without griping, nor do they leave anyunpleasant after-effects, nor form a constant habitof purging, produced by other cathartic remedies."Bloodine Liver Pills :restore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcondition and healthful action. Remove and prevent constipation by securing a natural and regular operation of the bom els, and relieve those unpleasant symptoms which attend a diseased ormorbid condition of the liver, stomach and bowels.To assist is attaining this end, the following suggestions are offered.REMARKS. Everyone who uses pills fortheir action on the liver, should know that largedoses rarely prove as satisfactory as small ones.Large doses simply purge and pass out of the system, usually leaving the bowels constipated, andseldom removing the cause of the trouble, or improve the general health. On the other hand,small doses develop the alterative effect of themedicine, do not irritate or constipate the bowels,but gently stimulate the liver and prevent theaccumulation of bile by directing its now into theproper channels. Therefore it is advisable to commence by taking not over one or two pills at bedtime and increase dose as necessary.Portland, Ma.Gents: I find your "Bloodine Liver Pills"the most effective pill I everused. They causeno griping or constipative after effect as most liverpills do. Yours truly,MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.Bloodine Ointment cares Piles. 50c a box.W. T. Brooks, Agent.The Mysteries ofMen's DiseasesOur book, the most complete ever published on"Men's Diseases," also the latest thesis on the"606," Ehrlich's Wonderiul One-treatment Blood"Poison Cure, will be sent free to any man whowill mention this newspaper, also disease.CINCINNATI KEN-SPECIALIST GO.O B21 WALNUT STREET.IF YOU SUFFERA From Complicated, Chronic orspecial Ailment or Disease, suesaa Varicocele, Hydrocele, Kupture, filet, Fistula, Blood Poison,Ehenmatlsm. Ulccri, Sores, SkinDisease, Nervous Debility, orasy SPECIAL ailment that hasbeen hangiog on for weeks ormonths, retittin; the treatmentsfarious doctors and drn;t3until too. are tiisoooriured anldUneartcned. because of the repeated failures of doctors irho'hare taken your hard earnedmoney, glring you only In returndG0MET0US.Let os stew yon how luieklrijosr affliction will yield to thstreatment of physislasa who KIi'OW HOTT. Tf Ton prefer, ypu can arrange to pay our smalt profestlossl f-e InInstallment to salt jour convenience. (5 to S15 U allyon need to be cured under the guarantee of So Cure-So Pay. We offer yon onr 18 years of reliability anl$lram nee in lanciuniu. tvtrnniag strictly connaentlal. Special Parlor far Prfraey Call or write.Consultation, ExAmlnatlon and Advice FRER.sdPDEATH IN THEIR WORK.Dangers That Beset Those Who ToilIn Alkal' Factories.Do you like your -work?When you are inclined to be discontented with it think of the alkali workers. They die by inches from the moment they enter the factories. Thingsare not so bad now as they once were,but they are bad enough still.In what is known as the "black ash"department in chemical works bigopen vats of caustic are used. Thesplashing of this caustic sends dropsof the burning fluid flying through theair. A drop falling upon naked fleshcauses a bad burn. A drop in the eyewill blind it forever if the stuff is notremoved within a few seconds.A black ash worker in a Welsh alkali factory, toiling at the caustic pots,received an invisible globule of thisdeadly spray in his eye. There wasno water at hand with which to washout the caustic. It seemed that hemust surely go blind. But one of hismates seized on the injured man, whowas quite frantic with pain, lifted hiseyelid with forefinger and thumb andwith his tongue licked out the caustic.JTe burned his tongue badly, but hesaved the other poor fellow's sight.Another of the dangers that beset thealkali worker and the worst of themall is poisoning by chlorine acid gas.This gas, which comes off the lime inthin green fumes, is known to the menand joked about as "Roger." A full indraft of the gas kills a man in anhour. Pearson's Weekly.End of tho Trail."I lost a pocketbook with a roll ofbills in it a few weeks ago.'' CharlieGibson told us. "I didn't make a fussabout it and tell tho papers, but iiwas more "than I could afford to lose.So I put a detective on it. Uo asked alot of questions, looked wise and saidhe'd report in a day or two. Well,about three days later I found thatpocketbook where I had milaid it. Irejoiced exceedingly, and then I calledup the detective agency to confess.The sleuth seemed disgusted." 'Mighty careless of you,' " he said,'And I'd just found a darned goodclew too!' "Cleveland Plain Dealer.Sydney Smith's Criticism.The story is told in Mr. BarryO'Brien's book on John Bright how onone occasion Sydney Smith, while looking critically at the unfinished portraitof a celebrated nonconformist divine,said to the artist, "Do you not thinkyou could throw into the face astronger expression of hostility to theestablished church?"Conscience.There are moments when the paleand modest star, kindled by God insimple hearts, which men call conicience, illumines our path with truerlight than the flaming comet of geniuson its magnificent course. Mazzini.SgCiSPjor tjOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our pres-ten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.n mluargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,Paris, Ky.Look at This NewEasy WayFor You to Get and to CarryThe Best Old Line LegalReserve Life InsuranceIt's So Easy that youor even a note,4You simply make out your applicationfor any amount of insurance you wantfrom 500 up, just as you would anystrong, reliable company. 5The company then writes out yourpolicy and delivers it to you without yourhaving to put up anything in advance.With it the company gives you absolutely free one of its little insurance savings banks. And this is whera the easypart comes in for carrying all the insui. ance you want without missing the money.Out of your odd penny change youdrop into this little bank 2 cents a day foreach $500 and you thus keep your insurance in full force, payable to your familyror estate immediately on death notice, eventhough you die the next minute after thefirst payment goes in.Beats the old way, doesn't it?don't have toin advance, toCents $ib3HBTand youwill nevermiss theMoneyThis is the Bank youget FREE.Size 3x4 1-2x1 1-2put up a single dollar,get all you want.The Inter-Southern is a clean, strong,progressive Kentucky Company, meetingwith every insurance law requirement.It has on deposit in the KentuckyState Treasury, invested in gilt-edge securities and cash in bank, eleven times meremoney than the law requires for protectionof its policy-holders.It invests its income in its home Statewhere it will do its home people the mostgoodIt is erecting a new 61,000.000 officein Louisville, now.And has the money in the bank to payfor it.It pays every claim promptly on proofof death.It has written and delivered more oldline insurance in the city of Louisville thisyear than all other companies combined.And You Even Get Free InsuranceIn case you should become totally or permanently disabled. No matter howlong the disability lasts, The Inter-Southern will pay your premiums for you,FREE, without deducting a single cent from the face value of your policy, orit will pay so much each year in cash during such disability. - Vfl JC Insurance for the price ti1 or ess tian e'9l9 of a postage stamp. mJJJ cost of a Coca-Cola.NO COLLECTORS, NO PAYING A YEAR IN ADVANCE, NO INCONVENIENCE IN ANY WAY,And It's So Handy.Suppose You Fill Out and Mail in the Coupon below Right Now For One of the Free Banksand a Sample of This Very Liberal Policy.3x(iInter-Southern LifeInsurance Co. -Kentucky's Clean, Strong, ProgressiveIife Insurance CompanyCOUPONBranch Office, Inter-Southern Life Insurance Co., 8C3Lexington City National Bank, Lexington, Ky.Without cost or obligation on my part, send me yourFree Insurance Savings Bank and Sample Policy.NameAddress v.Street and NoB. N.iUncle Eben."De man who is alius talkln aboutIngratitude," said "Uncle Eben, "is giner'ly one o dem folks dat can't lenda helpin' hand wifout lookin' foh interest"Keep In the Valley."People who make mountains outof molehills," said the Observer ofEvents and Things, '"never get up onthe mountains, so to speak."As He Understood It.A Chinese boy, who was learningEnglish, came across the passage inhis Testament, "We have piped untoyou, and ye have not danced." rendered it thus: "We have toot, tootto you, wh.t the matter you no jump."American Trults In Chill.American peaches, pears and smallfruits grow well in Chili.TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentListen! YouYoung Men.Here4,s a swell chance you don't want to. miss,because it won't come again this season.A special representative from the greatnational tailoring house of Clarence MayerCo., Cincinnati, is now at our store showingtheir complete assortment of new woolens forFall and Winter.You've seen this' famous tailoring line advertised in the magazines now's your opportunityto inspect it. There are hundreds of classyfabrics to select from and every one all-pure-wool.Come and see them to-day.Sale, Oct. 27th and 28, 1911.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162Agent.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wailingford.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentDon't Suffer!" I had been troubled, a little, for nearly 7 years," writesMrs. L. Fincher, in a letter from Peavy, Ala., "but I wasnot taken down, until March, when I went to bed and hadto have a doctor. He did all he dould for me, but I got nobetter. I hurt all over, and I could not rest At last, I triedCardui, and soon I began to improve. Now I am in verygcor" alth, and able to do all my housework."f TAKE JkeLARDU i Woman's TonicYou may wonder why Cardui is so successful, afterother remedies have failed. The answer is that Cardui issuccessful, because it is composed of scientific ingredients,that act curatively on the womanly system. It is a medicinefor women, and for women only. It builds, strengthens, andrestores weak and ailing women, to health and happiness.If you suffer like Mrs. Fincher d$, take Cardui. Itwill surely do for you, what it did for hep- At all druggists.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooea Medicine Co., Cbattanoofa, Tean.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "Koe Treatment lor Woaea," seat free J 10LHiMMMWWMMWffl$&fT-LET US CURE YOU!1 HMsWsFocTr;t7,1911:1jiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,ittXrCacbPXoiodI-aMILLERSBURG ITEMS.rFultz Seed Wheat and NorthernWhite Seed Rye for sale.PEALB COLLIER '& CO.Dr. C. B. Smith was in Cincinnation business Wednesday.Mr. J. C. Leer was in 'Louisville enbuisness Tuesday and Wednesday.Miss Anna Diraniitt, of Maysville,'is the guest of her brother, Mr. P. L.-Diramitt.Mrs. America Butler returned Monday after a ten days' visit to relativesat Nichulasville.Mrs. 0. M. Johnson left Tuesday fora few days' visit to her sister, Mrs.Johnson, at Hutchison.Miss Lillie Dell Lynch sang a solo atthe Baptist church Sunday morningwhich was much complimented.Miss Mary Belle Taylor and littlenephew, Irvin Taylor Sanders, leftTuesday for a few days' visit to Clintonville. Mr. Malcolm Linville, of Lexington,was the guest of his parents, Mr. andMrs. J. H. Linville, from Monday until Wednesday.Mrs. J. W. Herndon, of Richmond,was the guest of her son, Cadet Herndon, at M. M. I. Monday and Tuesday,also of Miss M. B. Clark.Mrs. 0. W, Ingles received Monday,from Wm. Cook & Son, of New Jresey,a handsome Orpington cockerel. Thebird cost her twelve dollars and he isindeed a beauty.The football team of M. M. I., defeated Georgetwon College by a scoreof 5 to 0 here Monday afternoon. Thetwo teams were wonderfully matchedand the result was in doubt until thelast minute of play, when Cadet Harris crossed the line with the winningtouchdown. Unfortunately during thefirst half Cadet Rice.M. M. I. star leftback, was forced to leave the game Tonaccount of a slightly bruised foot. Hewill soon be able to play again. Thestars of the game forMillersburg wereGafch, Gentry, Blackburn, Miller andWigglewsorth brothers. The payingof Johnson. Shears and Class forGeorgetown was exceptionally good.This is the second victory for M. M. I.and the soldier boys are justly proudof their team, which deserves muchcredit foi"its fine performances. A re-turn game will be played at Georgetown November 13.Capt. Henderson resigned on Monday his chair in the M. M. I. He wassucc-eded by Capt. Howard Freas, ofBfeitirore, Md., who has occupied the,same rhair in the institution for thepast thiee years. Capt. Freas resigned last spring but in the past fewdays accepted the offer made him byCol. Uest and is once more" with us tothe gratification of his many friendshere.Mrs: E. T. Beeding visited in Lexington yesterday.A number from here attended thebarbecue in Lexington yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Harper, ofLouisville, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.H. D Shy.Mrs. Ema Long returned Wednesdayafter a two weeks' visit to relatives inIndianapolis.Mr. ana Mrs. Russell Powell andMrs. Margaret Powell spent yesterday in Cynthiana. 'Misses Nannie Miller, of Paris,- andMrs. Anna Miller, of Asflland, areguests of Mrs. Belle Taylor.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stuart movedfrom Carlisle Wednesday to theproperty of Dr. W. M. Miller.The Sunday school of the Christianchurch will serve oysters in the diningroom of the Masonic hall Saturday.Mrs. Frank McClannahan, of Carlisle and Mrs. J. R. Stuart, of Nepton,were guests Tuesday of Mrs. M. P.Wells and Mrs. T. T. Bentley.Misses Ruth Stirman and JeanetteDawson and Messrs. Jason Redmonand Raymond Taylorjleave today to attend a house party given by Miss Betty Reese at Shannon.Revival Meetings Continue,The meetings at the Baptist churchstill continue to draw large congregations and great interest is being shownby all. There has oeen several additions to the church since the revivalhas been in progiess and these meetings have tended to reunite the congregation which had decreased in attendance during the preiod the church waswithout a pastor. Special effort hasbeen made in regard to the singingand a splendid array of voices 'are assembled in the" choir. This afternoonat 2 30 the subject will be "The Power of a Surrendered life." In the evening at 7:30 o'clock the subject will be"A Cruel Murderer." All are cordially invited to attend.FirstCIass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cabal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrens. tfWall Paper. t 'Now is the timef to have your wallpapre put on the walls. We are offering great bargains and our decjpratorsJare now reauy iu wait' on you. (Jomein and see our new patterns.J. T. HINTON.Large Class Confirmed.Bishop Maes, of Covington, assistedby Father J. L. Gorey, also of Coving -ton,.FatherDe tWaegenaere, of Lexington, and Father Eugene DeBruyn,of the local church, confirmed a classof forty-three boys and girls Sundaymorning at the Catholic church.Fine Cheese.We have just received a fine lot ofnew fresh cheese, Imported Switzer,Brick and Neufchatel. Phone us yourorder.27 2t SAUER.Miss Talbott Delights AudiencesMiss Florence Tablott. the rag-timevocalist, who began an engagement atthe Comet this week continues to delight her audiences, and the patrons ofthis popular amusement resort highlycompliment her efforts.The prorgam at the Comet for thereamindre of the week is as f ollwos :Friday -"Courage of Sorts" and"The Little Rebel." Miss. Talbottwill sing "He's Coming Back."Saturday "Tested By the Flag' and"Jimmy's Trick." Miss Talbott willsing "I Can't Live Without a Girl."TAY PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay yoar City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave tfie penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.Returns From Navy.Mr. Luther Collins, of this county,who has served four years in the United States Navy.is visiting his parents,Mr. and Mrs. C C. Collins and otherrelatives. Mr. Collins, since enteringthe navy has spent mo3t of the termof his enlistment on the President'syacht, the Mayflower, and has visitedalmost every port on the East coast ofAmerica. He circled the globe withthe American squadron and participated in the target practice I in the SouthSeas in which the old U. S. battleshipTexas was destroyed.His term of enlistment having expired Mr. Collins will spend four monthsin this section and at the expiration ofthat time will probably re-enlist in theservice.IEvery Day is BargainDay at Our StoreIFALL AND WINTEBFOOTWEAR FASHIONSOur New and "Distinctly Different" Line of Fall ShoesRepresent the pick of the product of the best and most recognizedShoe Makers of National reputation. When you buy of us you can, rest assured that no model, unless conforming in every particular tothe accepted smart styles, can find a place on our shelves. We invite you to call and inspect them, comparing our low prices in com-parison to what you have to pay at other stores for like quality.This is the Right Time to Buy Rubber FootwearDon't be caught on a rainy day without proper. protection to yourfeet. We are headquarters for everything in Rubber Footwear,which we retail at wholesale prices. Oar low prices are the talk ofthe townIFor Style, Fit, Comfort and QualityVThe Walk-Ove?ShoesAre unequaled. We have them inall the latest new toes in Tans, Patents,Gun Metal and Box Calf.. Try them.336DANMain StreetmCOHENParis, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.MATRIMONIIMiss Nora Alleyne Baldwin wasunited in marriage to Mr. AlfredRichard Davies, of Kenosha, Wis., atthe home of the bride's" brother, Mr.Grover Baldwin, on Walker avenueTuesday afternoon at 5 o'clock.The home was tastefully decoratedwith grrowinpr plants, white roses andcatheaial ' candles. The bride andgroom entered the parlor together andstood for the ceremony in front of abank of ferns lighted with candles, gThe bride, who is dainty an1 petite,was lovely in a becoming gown ofwhite serge with large white beaverhat trimmed with willow plumes. Shecarried a bouquet of American Beautyroses. ThH groom wore the conventional black.The ceremony was performed byRev. E. M. Lightfoot in the absenceof the bride's pastor. Elder Carey E.Morgan The impressive ring servicewas used. There were no attendantsbut the bride's younger sister, MissMattie Baldwin of "Georgetown, stoodnear and held the bouquet during theceremony.Beautiful music was rendered byMrs. Wade Whitley on the piano andMiss Lucille Price on the violin, whileMiss Dorothy Talbott fsang severallovely selections, "S'ill As the Night,""I Love You," "A Bowl of Roses"and "My Dear.." After the ceremonythe bride changed her wedding -gownfor a traveling suit of dark 'blue clothwith hat to match.The bridegroom is a young bdianessman, occupying the responsible position of Spanish correspondent for theSimmons Manufacturing Company ofKenosh, and is to be congratulated upon winning such a charming bride.Mr. and Mrs. Davies left on the 6 :18train for Chicago, where they will begiven a reception by the bridegroom'smother Wednesday night. They willtnen go to ilenosha, where they willmake their future home.-The marriage of Mfcs Anna IFishback, of Mt. Vernon, Ky , to Mr.Clyde H. Huffman, of Huntington, W.Va., was solemnized in the parlors ofthe Phoenix Hotel in Lexingion Wednesday morning, the Rev. I. j.Spencer, of the Central Christianchurch officiating.The wedding was the culmination ofa courtship which began while thebride was a student at the BourbonFeamle College in this city aboutthree years ago.The bride is the daughter of Mrs.Ada Fishback of Mt. Vernon, 3 handsome and accomplished young womanand has a host of admiring friends inthis city.Mr. Bufmah is the son of Mr. andMrs. .1. W. Huffman, of Paris. Forthe past two years he has made hishome in Huntington where he has alucrative position with the Northcutt,Tate, Hagan Co., a leading clothingfirm of that city, and is one of theirmost valued employes. Previous tothe time of accepting this position hewas in the employ of Price & Co., inthis city. He is a young man ot exceptional business ability and wellliked by all who know him.After spending a few days in Lexington Mr. and Mrs. Huffman willleave for a bridal trip in the southafterw hich they will return to Huntington to make their tuutre home.The following announcements havebeen recieved here:Mrs. Ada K. Fishbackannounces the marriage of her daughterAnnietoMr. 31yde H. Huffmanon'Wednesday, October the twenty-fifthnineteen hundred and elevenMt. Vernon, Ky.At home after , November the first,1131 'tThird Avenue, Huntington, W.Va.The Only Authorities.One preacher declares that childless wives ought to be shipped out ofthe country. Then who would writefor the newspapers, telling mothershow to take care of their babies?Toledo Blade.Evtrything Put Rffht. j"Father, the duke has proposed,we want to be married lmnaediately.'"AH right. Here's a checlc for yourmillion. Tell the duke to step In andI'll give him a dollar to get the IIcese." Louiiville Courier-Jw"l.""II J.T.HINT0N,PARIS, KENTUCKYFUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDEMBALMERAmbulance Service FumigatingBest Equipped Establishment in Central KentuckyBOTH PHONES Day 365NIGHT PHONESOld 56 or 22 1New 65, 22 or 286Public Auction.Attend the sale of household goodsbelonging to Mrs. Lizzie Arkle onWednesday at 2:30 o'clock. 27 2tHousehold Furniture.Household furniture, carpets, chairs,diningr oom furniture, stoves, kitchenfurniture, etc., belonging to Mrs.Lizzie Arkle will be sold Wednesday at2:30 o'clock. Attend the sale. 27 2tParis Vs. Frankfort.Paris High School will line up Friday against the strong team f n m.Frankfort. The game will be called at3:30 at White's Park. The gamepromises a battle royal as the localteam has been changed some and is infar better shape than when they meetRichmond Normal College on the localgridiron. The Paris iteam played inhigh class form at Maysville defeatingthem in a short game by the one-sidedscore of 21 to 2. A number' of newplayers will be tried out and the gamepromises to be fast and furious. Theline-up for Paris will be: Meglone,1. e. ; Dejarnett, 1. t. ; Hinton, 1. g. ;Johnson, c. ; Mitchell, r. g. : Tepmlin,r. t. ; Friedman, r. e. ; Slicer, q. :Adair, r. h. : Thompson, 1. h. ; Link, f.b., Capt. Curtis, Arnsparger andLynch will also be used.For the Cool Nights.Stop in and see our new line ofcomforts just received. All kinds atall kinds of prices. Dnn't buy comforts until you see our stock. We cansave you money.J. T. HINTON." - . :, - 1Winchell Contracts With BrownsPitcher Frank Winchell, ho twoyears ago was a member of thu pitshing staff of the Paris club has signed acontract with the St. Louis Americanclub for next season. Last year Winchell was a member of the Daytonclub of the Central League and hisconsistent performances were helpfulto that club in winning the pennant.Third baseman Goosetree, of theHustlers, who was purchased byColumbus and later drafted byChicago, has been sent bark to theColumbus club. President Wm. Nealof the BluegraHs League, announcesthat Manager Shelion, of the Maysville club has bpen forwarded a contract by Manager Friel, of the Columbus club, which indicates the trial,given the Maysville manager at theclose of last season was very satisfactory.For The ,Farmers' Sake!for the benefit of the Farmers who have beenbusy harvesting and could riot come to town to getthe benefit of our great bargains during our f 0 Days'Cash Raising Sale, for their sake we are extendingOur Sale For 10 Days Longerand will self everything at the same low prices, andmany articles at much less. Take advantage andsave the difference.Trie Ginoinnati store.Paris, Kentucky.ATTENTION!vvc iictvc jusl ieceivea a torn-plete New Line of 1 9 1 2 Wall PaperDirect From the Mill?, and the IQualiy of Goods that we can show you at from 5cto 10c per roll is so good that you cannot afford toclean house this Fall without new Wall Paper.Paper Hanger Furnished if Desired.Special For Saturday:25c. Jardinier For 1 OctALBERT JONES, Prop.1 mmmMmmm, ZZJ.the HARBORof successCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adr. Co.BY doing so you keep off the shoals of extravagance,and are always in a tow of safety. A guide to 'theharfcor of security.We pay 3 per cent interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARI5Capital $100,000 Surplus $30,000 !V-.-'nJ-,fcv-:i.