- fr- ""s-v--rS-iTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1911Ii113m4V 4tiVHiai For this weekDoll Buggies at $1 .50 Each,Former Price $2.50IOn account of theWeather which has prevailed for several days,the ProfitlessPrice Salewiil continue for anotherweek.SIMON HEPA1STMENT STOREteris, Kentucky3IMf TKP.' ''''fGonSUit T136S6 Pri66"M?SiwUlfl!ForI Gtirlstmas.Distributing the Gifts.Should one wishing something moreoriginal than Christmas gifts awkTOnrrllu thrncf infii nno'a hanrJq Viu tho 1give; should the time honored stocking pall, there are several new waysthat may cause excitement in presentdistribution. jSome member of the family cr one iof the maids can enter the breakfastroom, where the table it prettily deco-jraiea wiin greens, due no girts are oieplayed. She should be heavily veiled,dressed in a long raincoat and carrytwo or tnree cotton umbrellas furled.Her appearance will excite surprise,particularly if the sun shines. Shewill insist that its going to rain andtry to get her umbrellas raised.Sume of the children will offer toassist and from the umbrella will fallthe packages, gaily tied and clearlyaddressed. Anything that may sufferfrom a tumble should be tied to theribs.In one household the large familyhas decided that each person shall huntup some novel way of gift presentation. No one will know what theother has selected, but the element ofsumrise will be emphasized.A mother who wishes to avoid con- -fusion at the breakfast table has decided that no presentation should bemade then The family will be askedto put their various present:? in a certain room on Christmas eve. All areneatly tied and addressed. No one butmother knows what is to become ofthem.At close of breakfast the next morningChristmasthe door bell ringsand the maid brings in an immediatedelivery letter. Thi3 is gaily decortedwith the season's stamps and seals.When opened it is found to be a letter from Santa Claus, saying that hispack was to heavy so he has forwardedby express all his gifts. In a fewminutes a huge box is delivered in thekitchen which when opened is fcu.idto contain packages addressed to eachone.Another easier way is to pass a traycovered with a number of small keyswith red ribbon and a Christmas tagattached. On the tag is written thechild's name and the information thatsomewhere in the house is concealed abag the key will open.Then beigns a hunt into 'all sorts ofout of the way places to find greatbags of turkey red mualin, draped withgreens and fastened at the top with apadlock. Each bag holds the gifts forone member of the family.ci 66WE KNOW MOWtmamm,33 misayJill Christmasegin Now to Do YourShoppinAnd to Select Your Gifts for Father, Brother andWill Make an Appropriate Gitt:$Bath Robes,Smoking Jackets,Hand Bags,Suit Cases,Traveling Sets,Umbrellas,Fancy Vests,Collar Bags,-?Silk Hosiery,Neckties,Combination Set Handkerchiefs and Ties,Leather Comb. Sets of Handk. and Sox,Silk Socks in Xrnas Boxes,Linen Handkerchiefs in Leather Cases,Kid Gloves,Silk Mufflers.S Zff Uc nA.r -r. IK 1r 9Cn 9r ?Jk Oranges, any size, per box .". $2.75 4: Apples, per peck.'. 25c, 30c, 35c l& Seeded Raisins, per lb ; 15c $$ Dates, per lb ,... - 10c foW Dates, Stuffed, per, package ..?. ,v ... -15c wMixed Nuts, per lb '. .?.... "..... 20ck Cranberries, per qt - 12 l-2c mComfort in a Morris Chair.Have you seen the Royal Push Button Morris Chair at J. T. Hinton's.The ladies enjoy them just as much asthe men.Christmas Box Given Free With All Neckties.. w.- Mv W, M..WLeather Shoes for Men. Look us no.Mitchell & Blakemore,ISasassi&Dressed Fowls of all kinds.Fresh Oysters and Celery.Gifts for Men.Combination set of handkerchiefs toE and hose to match SI to 2.tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.1Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyATWUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlua Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack i.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75Fresh Fish Every Friday and Saturday.wFamous Home Made Candy,Nothing could be more acceptablefor a hoilday gift than a fancy box ofthe famous Holladay home n:edecandy. Put your order in now.x BRUCE HOLLADAY.i$iiiiiniimxeiBImmmMiXMeiva8S;St 2?iKLminiiiiiiiiiiiuniiiuiiurtiiiiininiiuiiiiiniiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiniiiJMiiiiiniiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiugsT. O. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,Mi - - ....-. .FrwwChristmas Headquarters.Make our store your shopping headquarters for Christmas, everythingfor the little folk and grown up peoplein ofnfb- TCvprvthiner new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupstairs. High grade goods at lowprices. "NAT'L. FIVE & TEN CENT STOREKentuckv Press Association toMeet.The midwinter meeting of the Kentucky Pres3 Association will be heldin Louisville on next Thursday, December 28 at the Seeibach Hotel. A fineprogram has been prepared. The newspaper men and ladies in attendancewill be the guests of the LouisvillePress Club that night, and a splendidround of entertainment has been arranged for them.a "k a " arrxiNiv!' 5tsKgeriWJ&!'Christmas Suggestions!Mw&-WE?4S.&te53?rtsEmse?t6 Initial Handkerchiefs in Box 50c6 Initial Handkerchiefs in Box 75c3 White Handkerchiefs in Box. . . .25c4 White Handkerchiefs in Box 50c6 White Handkerchiefs in Box 75cInitial Handkerchief, Silk -. 25c and 50cCombination Set Tie and Sox,50c, 75c and S1.00,:- Combination Set Tie, Sox and '-;Handkerchief, 1.50Fur Caps for Men and BoysCombination Set Suspenders, Garterand Arm Band, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50Silk Neckwear 25c, 50c, 1Phoenix Mufflers.. 50c, SI, $1.25, $1.50Shirts 50c, $1, S1.50Silk Sex, all colors 50c, 75c, $1Mufflers.. 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50. .$2, $2.50Fur Gauntletts $3.50, $5Gloves 50c, 75c, $1, SI. 50, $2Silk Bandannas $1Suit Cases and GripsLatest Style Hatsmm& CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.uit & Cloak Sale!EXTRAORDINARY VALUES.45 Suits and Dresses, Choice $7.50Sold Formerly up to $2075 Suits and Dresses, Choice $10Sold Formerly up to $25FURSNothing is more pleasing to the Ladies than a nice set of Furs fora Christmas Present. We have a large stock from which to select..Sr'L5-sETugas2Vrr.ivMen's and Boys' Suits and mmm- Overcoats at Right Prices, m-Ladies' Misses' and Children's Cloaksin Price.vlXvTiS:-&?&lTOYLAND": Our Stock of Dolls and Toys is most complete. Come andbring the children. All are welcome. "In addition to our line ofToys, our stock of goods suitable for Christmae Presentsfor all the grown folks is augmented by many newand strikingnovelties. Come in and take a. look. You are alwayswelcome.1Ij iiirranSPJ&mPRICB & CO., Clothiers..Paris,mmjSBin-i:i:iiiiiiiminitTiiitfM "-fiiii.itti..iMiiiiiiiimiiiiitiii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiuujiiiJJJiiHiiiimmiiiiHurtrnmuunMiwtmxmc yg'K agIa ; &$ -C4 "".& iW.4 .s-- -4i.-.:.v'T-.-....vJv-v c r -mE tHnf,imzswmt jCo.KentuckymitStaBSWIWISSSISWPii SpillSHS3JWrfttfi.1Ife 1I.1fef41Hiftaf j1rfI.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.c-7 rjjffi, fffpfjlHgLOWRY &- -..J.'). m....-'J'!!5 9-fp 77yi''IVft i-r,g !- rciD.WIS & FUNK, Props.SI?W Telephone No. 4.fttoMrBourbonIbBBBBBBBE frTTrrfcrrtLj'BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBh -- Pjlli'lsin bbbfPbbbvBbbbbbbbbbb! mIIbbbbbbbbB BlnlIbbbbbbI , 'f '-EbbbbbK mi;mflal IS&MParis, Kentucky,": & i4ZiraHMnBexMMBB0iesaBBniMOaaanHinBnBBmCi TT. f,.TT"R""ATTTP Pj-ps. . T. SELLERS. Vice-Pres. IE. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky Tobaccof WripfinticAm IV ,i 1 VX1V fc. W(Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBoth ahones 9C5LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready Fcr Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and suczess of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sal s behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORSI. P. Parnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. S'one, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with'the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bring'their tobacco to himand to'come to the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.Work Will Soon Start.after you take Dr. King's New LifePills and you'll quickly enjoy theiriine results. Constipation and indigestion vanish and fine appetite returns.Tney regulate stomach, liver andbowels and impart new strength andenergy to the whole system. Try them25c aGOberderfer's. -ISavages With 'Phones.The semi barbarous tribes of AuVtrail make use of telephones connect-tog their encampments. jWins Fight for Life.. It was a long and bloody battle forlife that was waged by J. B. Mershonof IS'ewark, N J., of which he writes"I had lost much blood from lunghemorrhages and was very weak andrun down. For eight months 1 wasun-ible to work. Death seemed todoes on my heels, when I beganthrae weeks ago to use Dr. King's2few Discovery. But it has helped mefreatly. It is doing all that you claim."or weak,sore lungs, obstinate coughsstubborn colds, hoarseness, lagrippe,stbma, hay fever or any throat orlung trouble its supreme. Scandgl.Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer, 'THEwill not be yours unless youhave a paries- stove as artistican it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are -brightand at t. -active and realiy betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettincss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot- b'e boughtcheaper.TALBOTTI smnnrvfOffice Opp. Postoffice, fftftA P rticuiar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.LaundryrVirnnfUiv 1" Willi V A M 7O. H. Chenault, Lexington, Ky.R, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. C. Roberts, Auctioneer.A Dreadiul Woundfrom a knife, gun, tin can, rusty nail,' fireworks ov of any other nature de-mands prompt attention with Buck1 len's Arnica Salve to pievent blood' poison or gangrene. It's the quickest' surest healer for all such woundsas also for burns, boils, sores, skineruptions, eczema, chapped hands.uoans or piies. zoo at uoeraorrer s.Uy a Cap for Him.XT ... - ,.-..thn a fu? cap6 Chnstmaa glfttf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.May Make Nettle Valuable.Experiments with a process for obtaining a textile fiber, with merits between those of cotton and linen, fromthe nettle are being fostered by theAustrian governmentLarge Increase in Business.Our holiday business this year hasbeen nearly double that of last year.The reason is the people are usingmore judgment in their purchases,they are buying something worthwhile. Our store i3 full of usefulpresents-. Store open at nisrhtsx - J. Tl H1NTON.BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. -SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris; Kentucky; Postoffice aa Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 188 J 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per in.cheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each is3ue"; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$.00 I. Payable inOF HISTORYSOME VILD-CAT RAILROADING. By A. W. MACY.Some remarkable railroadswere built in this country onpaper during the years 18361840. One of the most ambitiousvas "The Great Western Railroad," projects to run fromNrw York city to Lake Erie,and thence westward o theMi cissiopi river, a dLtance ofabout 1 050 mUzs. It was to bebuilt on piling, and he totalcost was estimated at $15,000,000. Great enthusiasms prevailed, and much excitementLands were received for subscriptions at extravagant prices.Cities were staked out at various potiikS along the proposedroute. Some people even rearedthat all the land adjacent to theroaJ would be occupied by citiesand none b6 le't for farmingpurposes. Numerous other roadswere projecter1 to the north andto the south, to connect withthis great trunk line, and "terminal cities" of magnificent proportions were laid out. Onestate legislature (Illinois) planned the construction of 1,300miles of "state railroad," to costover a billion dollars. Morethan $8,000,000 were actuallyappropriated for Internal Improvements, and when GovernorFord took office In 1842 there-was hardly enough unappropriated money In the statetreasury to buy a postage stamp.--""""-it1 " i rum ii w(Copyright. 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)The Very Best.I handle nothing but the very best offresh and cured meats.x T. F. ROCHE.TwoDollar Whiskey.We have the bsst $'J per gallonwhisky on the markst. I you wantto feel like having a sure enoughChristmas this will r.ertainly do thework.x T. F. BRANNON.Fine Wines and Old Liquors.For the finest old whiskies in thebulk and bottled in bund, champagne,rum and wines, curdjels, liquors, etc.,give us a call. We have the goods.Fine stock for the holiday trade.x B. WEISSBERG.Order Early.Don't forget you will want a whitecake, black cake, a plum pudding ormince meat for your Christmas dinner.If you want the good Holladay homemade kind ycu should order early,x BRUCE HOLLADAY.Mixing Paint.Is there anything more Interestingin life than mixing paint, putting Inblack to darken It, yellow to lighten it,Vermillion to make it "bright, andgreen to see what happens? AtlanticMonthly.House Slippers.Full line of ladies' and misses' houseslippers.x GEO. McWILLIAMS.Make Nice Gifts.Collar bags, silk mufflers and leathertraveling sets attf " MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Christmas Wet Goods.The best old whiskies bottled inbnnd. Sam Clsy, Poindexter, Bond &Lillard, Vanhook, pints and quarts.J Best bulk whisky in the world.x TURF EXCHANGE.Christmas Whisky.No better whisky made in theworld than the kind we have in stock,Wiggle3worth's Poindexter, Sam Clay,etc., bottled in bond,x T. F. BRANNON.Holiday Fares.Low round trip rates via Queen &Crescent route. Excursion tickets willbe sold December 15,16, 17, 20, 21, 22,23, 24, 25, 30 and 31, 1911, and January1, 1912. Final limit to return January8, 1912. Ask your ticket agent forparticulars.W. A. BECKLER,General Passenger Agent,jan 1 Cincinnati, Ohio.KENTUCKY, DEC. 23,NO. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Dressed Turkeys and Chickens.'Buy your Christmas turkey andchickens from Burnett Bros. They canfurnish them on short notice. You canalways buy the best at the lowest possible price consistent!) with good andhonest quality. Both phones 495.. Winchester street. xNatural Food of Man.And God said, Behold, I have givenyou every herb yielding seed, which Isupon the face of the earth, and everytree, in which is the fruit of a treeyielding seed; to you it shall be forfood. Genesis 1:29.Fine Fruits.Our line of fruits this yesr exceedsanything we have ever yet hart. Thefinest oranges, grape fruit, bananas,etc., to be had can be found at ourstorsBAIRD & TAYLOR.Christmas Wet Goods.The best old whiskies bottled inbond, Sam Clay, Poindexter, Bond &Lillard, Vanhook, in pints and quarts.Best bulk whisky in the world,x TURF EXCHANGE.He Is Mr. Alphabet Still.The petition of a Stamford, Conn.,jeweler to have his name changedfrom Sigismonakronholtz to Kronnwas denied by Judge Curtis of the superior court at Bridgeport. The plaintiff said every one called him Kronnand that his own name was too longfor a display sign over his store.The Best,If you are locking fcr the bestshaves and hair cuts call at Cahal's.Polite and first class workmen readyto wait on you. Hot and cold baths,tf M. A. CAHAL.i . Don't Throw Money Away.Don't throw your money away ontrash for Christmas presents. Go top. T. Hinton's and get somethingJleasing, useful and ornamental.Free.We give Christmas boxes wi'.h all50 cent ties,tf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Japanese Mushrooms.Many varieties of mushrooms, littleknown in this country or in Europe,are to be found in Japan. The mostesteemed of these is the shii-take.which is principally grown in the evergreen oak.IHBB -B H 1 1 JHlNotice to Stockholders.The Stockholders cf thft BourbonBank, of Paris, Ky., will meet at thebanking house on Monday, January 1.1912, between the hcurs of 9 a. m. and3 p. m., to elect directors for the ensuing year.BUCKNER WOODFORD, PresidentS. E. BEDFORD, Cashier.Notice to Stockholders.The Stockholders of the DepositBank of Paris, Ky., will rmeet at thebanking house on Monday, January 1,1912, between the hours of 9 a. m. anJ3 p. m., to elect Directors for the ensuing year.J. M. HALL, President.C. K. THOMAS, Cashier.LOST.A black leather Boston bag, containing surgical instruments and bandageslost between Fifth street in Paris andJames Woodford's residence on Clintonvilje pike. Suitable reward for re-tuurn of bag and instruments to underigned or. to News office.DRS. FITHIAN & DAUGERTY,Paris, Ky.1911Welcome-Words to WomenWomen who suffer with disorders peculiar to theirsex should write t& Dr. Pierce and receive free theadvice of a physician of over 40 years' experience"a skilled and successful specialist in the diseasesof women. Every letter o this sort has the mostcareful consideration and is regarded as sacredlyconfidential. Many sensittveiy.modest women vrritefully to Dr. Pierce what they would shrink fromtelling to their local physician. The local physicianis pretty sure to say that he cannot do anythingwithout "an examination." Dr. Pierce holds thatthese distasteful examinations ere generally needless, and that no woman, except ia rare cases, should submit to them.Dr. Pierce's trcatmsnt wall cure yon rrjht in tho privacy ofyour ova home. His " Favorlta Prescription" has curedhundreds of thousands, some of them ihn worst of cases,It is the only medicine cf its kind that is the product or a regularly graduatedphysician. The onlv one good enough that its makers dare to print its everyingredient on its outside vrapper. There's no secrecy. It will bear examination. No alcohol and no habit-forming drugs are found in it. Some unscrupulous medicine dealers may offer you a substitute. Don't take it. Don t triflewith your health. Write to World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. K.V. Pierce, President, Buffalo, N. Y-, take the advice received and be well.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMES.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.I The Best is noneand make the Women happy.DodsonPARIS, KYsZSSSjScZSsEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and.LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour-1IIJI1 VJUUUbV LLiVl311fl,llJtM illiParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Lit tef Rock MRuddles Mills.When you have East Tennessee service ouHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone" CIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WLLXjIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T, 136.Ofllce PhonesHome 136.Residence lei.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up'StairsOverJjVarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DK. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offic8s,c.Rooms 4J and 5, Elk's Bld'g,Paris, - KentuckyHot and ColdATMS'Hot and colda baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thebrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Bloodlne E. A. Cross, 516 GlasgowCnrM - Street, Portsmouth, Va.ru ai Says: "My WifeKneximatism Has used Bloodlne for'' Rheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds it givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good.'VW. T. Brooks, Agent.Emanate Cheer.If you cannot lift people out of theirwoes, youxcan cheer thern on by making them forget, for at least a littlewhile, there Ts such a word as4roubleloo good for you,IJFruit and Shade Trees.' ShrubB.Asparsgus, Rhabarb, Peonies,Roses, Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard. Lawn and Garden. No atnta.jOur prices may interest ycu." Freecatalogue. ,I H. b HILLENMEYER & SONS. .. 3 oct 2m Lexnigtcn, Ky&New cottage cf five rooms en EastMain street.MRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.himImsWEBSTER'SNEWINTERNATIONALDICTIONARYTHE MERRIAM WEBSTER!The Only New unabridged dietl ftTI RTV -in TnaniT rrannaContains the pith and essence 001 an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in asingle book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page.400,000 Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this moitremarkable single volume.wars.-! " n Writs for &rrmlepages, f nil particulars, etc.CT&me thispaper andwo willBand freea let ofPocketMaps' ! iWiaiiH !!lMg (mKtr mvSJk w aWAUMIav"J w Band free IIiMPfa lEk Pocket I&iw;VaairnnriBajaa 1 1 1 1 1 WL-Y,.SanrrRBONNEW VPARISKETUCKy, J&CLfflJBUWe Have Bought Out Entire $10,000 Stock of the Washing-ton Cloak Co., of Indianapolis, Incl., Consisting of ,JT ' 7f Pff.!HQ2 Suits,, Coatsisirfcs andrTDresses sfifeAnd Offer Every Garment in the Store at Half-Priee.This Sale will prositively prove to be the most enormous Sale ever held in Bourbon County, the kind the people are looking, for.tfjE! Cloaks in all black, Mixtures and all leading shades, ' flC!frjp regular value $10 -L.4i..pL...... --'99Suits in All-Wool, in all colors,lined with satin, regular value $10 .....:........Waists, regular value $1 .25..This Sale is Not Going to Last but a Short While, so You Had Better Come Early and Get First Pick.vvv":Corner 5th and Main.IncorporatedKentuckyBoth Phones 129:jfeffiCzcwGENTLEMANSSHOEFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leatherswSource of Slang.For I said, Perhaps they might rejoice over me; when my foot slippeth, they might magnify themselves-;over me. Psalms 38:17.For Christmas.everything in candies, fruits, nuts,fireworks, and many useful presentsfor Christmas. Both phones 495.BURNETT BROS.,x Winchester street.Importance of Tact.Without tact you can learn nothing.Tact teaches you when to be silent.Inquirers who are always Inquiringnever learn anything. Disraeli.The Best.J. T. Hinton saves you money onkitchen cabinets. He has the best.Why pay more.Patent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.'Willams.MMMB KBg3H HI I IW IIBirt'imiT'W III W t I'jaaW gMM MWWBBgMBWMiMB Bg8a'al1""'l'rl'rrPublic and Private Virtues.The ages of greatest public spiriture not always eminent for privatevirtue. Hume on "Politics Reducedto a Science."Nothing Nicer lor Gifts.Linen handkerchiefs in leather casesSI. 50 and S2 attf MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Good Candy Cheap.Fine fresh mixed candies at 15, 20and 25 cents per pound New stockjuit received,t T. LENIHAN.Modern Ananias.If a man says he can do as goodwork as usual after, being up most orthe night before, it is a sign be maylie about other things. AtchisonGlobe.Cheaper to Save Than to Bury. ,It is now said to be ?15 cheaper to ,save a baby in New York than to buryone, and the economic argument in favor of the former policy seems conclusive.Christmas Goodies'Fresh stock of all kinds cf fruits,nuts, raisins, dates, figs, etc , for theholiday trade. Let us fill your order,x BRUGE HOLLADAY.A Charming Womanis one who is lovely in face, form,mind and temper. But its hard for awomon to be charming without health.A weak, sickly woman will be nervous and irritable. Constipation andkidney poisons show in pimples,blotches, skin eruptions and a wretched complexion. But Electiie Bittersalways prove a a godsend to womenwho want health, beauty and friendsThey regulate stomach, liver and kidneys, purifyv the blood, give btrongnerves, bright eyes, pue breath,smooth, velvety tkii', lovely complexion and perfeot health Try l1.,. in.50c at Oberdorter's.His Habit.The man who bets on a sure thinglikes to tell about how willing he is totake a chance.Iannis ftS3 --- -- t" - ,-. !--t..,-. KCthlickJ V vrmCatarrh Cannot he Cured.with local applications as thev ran.I not reach the seat of the disease. Ca-tarrn is a oiooa or constitutional disease, and in order to cure it you musttake internal remedies. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and actsdirectly on the blcod and mucous sursurfaces. Hall's Catarrh Cure is nota ouack medicine. It was nrARnrihprlby one of the leading ph sicians in, this country for years and is a reguj lar prescription. It is composed of the, best tonics known, combined withthe best blood purifiers, acting direc-i tly on the mucous surfaces. The per' feet combination of the two injn-erUients is what produces such wonderful results in curing catarrh. Sendfor testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Props.,Toledo, O.Sold by Druggists, price 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for Constipation.NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!.Bloodine Itching and. BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczema lies, Dandr utf and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney. S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.Market Price I am Paying ForiHides: . jBeef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2JCents per lb.MAXMLIN1CK,Sfch Street. PARI?, KY. iNEW-BARBER-SHOP!Call East Tenn. Phone 374Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Plain Figures.Everything marked in plain figuresatJA. b Wheeler & Co. 's.Insure your tobacco againstfire and torna2o with Joe G.Mitchell.No Frayed Cuffs. .Historical note from the WichitaBeacon: "Shirts were unknown untilthe Crusaders. Gents didn't send anything to the laundry. They simplyperfumed what they had on."Insure with W. O. hinton.P-mofr raino- nnn - union ra9i....H i"..;. .-- ----- tv.A..M.-1'...-l II "lluii'jjciszzt:.T7e tell voanow. aud rav best market"Zi'.-e j. "Vic are dealer-.; establishedin 1. ; ni can do BIS f TKR fcr yo;tthan ajr-n a cr commission intrChaats. Rt-.trences any 'hank in 7ouisvi.le. Wxite for weekly price htt.Ml, SABEL ti. S'ONS22Y-2S-31 & 33 fc. M:rk2i Sl, LO'JSSVSLLE, KY.ue.t!ers m i-us , muzx, -wu-jl.i;-HIvistfZ&htB&rfSmBtBasz&tJ&? saaatf fgaaBaMMaBaM gaatatBBtHarcatDangerous Experiment.A Brooklyn woman wants thcourts to grant her a two years separation from her husband, so that hamay try to win her back. SIi is taking a dangerous chance. A man whomakes it necessary for his wife totake such a step would be just meanft ough not to try to win her back.omanl!i Everything Sanitary.Children's v. oik a &p e'alty.jCARL CRAWFORDFancy Baskets.Z A fancy basket of fruit makes a nicegift on Christmas morning. We havea beautiful lin. Let us fill your order.x BRUCE HOLLADAY. Si Ignorance Is Bliss,i "The humane society must be veryactive in soni9 states." volunteeredi Miss Prim. "1 read where a man in asmall town was fined $50 for runninga blind pig." Judge.Scientific. -Afterreading that milk may contain some million of germs in a cubiccentimeter, one wonders if there's.room for much of any milk.The Very Best.Tr vou want a nie line of Christmascandies, nuts and fruits call on me. Ican satisfy you in quailty and pi ice. -pi V 9 3B&ATAKEADUIsWohieii s1 omc iJG1:(X - 1. J?. itUUliili." ijv.--:THE BOURBON NEWS, -JARISr KENTUCKY, DEC- 23, 1911IIIiIrI-i C H RLit!ISTIvlAS JEWEin all its glory can be found at the "HOUSE OF QUALITY," where a bewilderingarray of high class goods await your inspection. We offer below a few suggestions:: L4DIESS7.GO .Engraved Solid GoldLocket, reverse side plainfor monogram. Largeassortment to select from.WATCHESin the wee small sizes.Only those that keepcorrect time. Openface and hunting goldfilled cases ,$10 and up.Gentlemen's Thin ModelWATCHES7-jewel Elgin and Waltham movements in 20vear gold filled cases,$10.00.OUARANTXED " y StTTIKOSOLE AGENTS W. W. W. RINGS.Hundreds of Patterns.UMBRELLASFOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. Sterling Silvermounted.$4.50 to $18.00.f3Lt A"fS!& A&jKfetifA jifllHffHHfiriw. MilBlKtofeEt'vZaiRI fBf'Oli rsxKik2x22bl DSSSsSsGK jjijiPMwJiBNDIAMONDS !OUR REPUTATIOON FOR GOOD DIAMONDS is a by-word. Prices range from$S.OO to $400.Sterling Silver Novelties.Silver Pencils 50c to 7?cSilver Powder Pencils $150 to $250Silver Vanities 1.50 to 350Silver Manicures -' .SO ai.d upSilver Comb, Brush and Mirror Sets 15.00 and upLeather Novelties.Foot Gloves ...-- $2.25Gents's Cigar Cases $3.00 and upLadies' & Gents' Card Cases 1.50 and upThin Model Brush Sets 1.50 and upTraveling Sets 5.00 and upIBuy early and avoid fhe rush. We engrave all goods sold free of charge.JEWELERS,EAST TENNESSEEIPHONE 238.HOME PHONE 130.IX-MAS GIFTSFor the Whole FamilyVictors and Victor-VictrolaAnything in music from Grand Opera to Rag Time. Theworld's greatest singers and comedians when you wish.$10, $15, $17.50, $25, $32.50, $40, $50, $75, $100, $200Victor Records, 60c, 75c, $1, $1.25; Purple Labe! 75c to$1.2; Red Seal, $1, $1.50, $2, $3, $4 to $7.Victor Record Albums, 10-inch $1, 12-inch $1,25. "1 MB mr ""w Afir'V kWi ii gnrKODAKSNever grow old, make pictures ofever-changing faces and events.$5, $7.50, $10, $23, $17.50, $20 up.Brownie Cameras "ilnSKodaks."$1, $2, $3, $5, $5, to $12.Kocfak Albums, 10c to $1; Kodak Carrying Cases, $1 and $1.50.Brownie Enlarging Cameras, $2, $3 and $4; Kodak Calendprs, 10c.Flexible Flyer Sleds"The Sled that Steers." The original Steer Sled. Will outlasttwo or three "oidinary sleds. Sleds that we sold 10 years agoarc yet in use, $2.50, $3 aud $3.75.Firefly Sleds,materials, $2 and $2.50.made in same factory of cheaperIFLASH LIGHTST"Just Press the Button." Three styles,85c and $1.25. With Tungston Bulbs$1.10 and $1.50.Also Edison Phonographs, Records and SuppliesDaugherty Bros.jWestern Union vs. t. $ N.The Western Union ITelegraph -Companyfiled suit in Louisville Thursdayagainst the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad to condemn a right of way ofits own over the right of way of therailroad on all of its. lines in the Stateof Kentucky.A contract which hid been in Torcebetween theLouisville and Nashvilleand the Western Union for the pasttwenty-seven years was terminatedlast August, when the telegraph company served notice on the railrcadcompany that it would a year hence,or on August 17, 1912, institute proceedings to build its own lines on thedefendant's right of way, regardless t)ftne mutual agreement which had existed in the past.The petition of the Telegraph Company states that it has failed to reachan agreement with the Louisville andNashville Railroad Company regardirgwhat shall be proper compensation foran exclusive right of way along thetracks of the defendant's road, andthat it now stands ready to pay thecompany such just and reasonable compensation as may be decreed by thecourt.The telegraph compary asks that anorder be entered condemning the seof so much of the right of way rf therailroad company as ig now "occupiedby the plaintiff with its wires andpoles and so much of it as may be necessary for the construction, mairtenance and operation of lh teleprpplines along the tracks of the railroadcompany in Kentucky.The right of way which is sought tobe gained by the Western Union Telegraph Company embraces 1,574 milesof pole lines. It is stated expresslythat the telegraph company does notseek to become an ownei in fee in anyof the land condemned, but merelywishes an easement over the railroad'sright of way without the obligation ofa mutual contract, as has previouslyexisted.RELIGIOUS.Red Cross Sell is Not Mere Sectiment.Do not forget the Red Cross Seals inyour Christmas hurry. Buy a big stripof them at once.and put them on everyletter and every package. Do not hesitate to put two instead of one if youare so minded, of each stamp itnat is germon 0f the series! onused stands for an advance in the ngnt j SUDject 0f which 'wiiagainst numanitys greatest enemy,tuberculosis.This is not a mere sentiment. It isnot a decorative scheme. The moneythat is spent for these Eeals does notgo into a large general fund for prosecuting the Red Cross charities. 'It hasa specific purpose, to permit the waging of war against a disease that ispreventable, but that prevails todaybecause of ignorance and poverty. Thepennies of millions of people willmake the way easier in this campaignfor health. They could not be put toXmas Goodies.New stock of raisins, currants, figs,dates, citson, cake spices of all kindsand everything good for Christmas.x T. LENIHAN.Rev. B. M. Shive will b in aipulpit Sunday morning and evening atthe Presbyterian church. Saadaymorning at 10:30 o'clock he will prwchfrom the subject, "Is Jesus the Cbrisk"At nicrht he will preach bis closingvrayer, inesubject of which will be "iMijan'sPrayer for the Widow's Son." At bothservices Sunday the choir will rendera special musical program. The morning prorgam is as follows:"Behold I Bring You Good Tidiags'by Frank Lynes.Christmas Anithem "Joy to theWorld" Marzo. JAt night the choir will-render:-Christmas Hymn "O; Holy Night"Adam. ""Gloria" Blumenstein. ; -TiFamous Cakes.Stone's famous fruit cakes and plumpuddings for Crhistmas.x FEE'S.A Colored Orator.Dr. M. C. B. Mason, the noted colored oraator and educator will speak toa crowded house at the Paris Grand "onDecember 28 at eight o'clock on thesubject "Napoleon at Waterloo."Don't miss this opportunity to hearone of the greatest Negro orators thiscentury has produced. Tickets on salefor white people at Mitchell & Blakemore's. Prices, dress circle and parquette 50cents, boxes 75 cents. Onehalf of the lower floor reserved forthe whites. Given under the auspicesof State Teachers' Association.F. M. WOOD, President.Holly Wreaths.We have an extra nice lot of hollywreaths for the holiday decorations.Phone us or call and select 'for yonur-self.SAUERS'Opp Court HouseThe Best Apples.The best New York State apples.anjvariety. The price to suit you atHoward's.batter use. This is a practical contractive charity.It is important that every one whobuys a Red Cross stamp and uses itshould appreciate its object, for in thisfight against the white plague the vitally essential thing is to convince thepeople that tuberculosis can be conquered, that it is communicable andtherefore preventable.Every stamp sold should mean tnearresting of atlleast one person's attention to the danger and the opportunity to meet it which the Red Crosscrusade affords. It should not be interpreted as a personal token of esteem, but as a message of admonitionand reminder that a vitally importantwork is under way, and that the helpof everybody is required to carry it tosuccess.Your Order.We can fill it and fill it right.OP. COOK.Fine Wines.Champagne, liquors, imported anddomestic wines of all kinds for theholiday trade. Let us fill your order.x T. F. BRANNON.The Best Rubbers.Genuine Ballband rubbers at15 5t FELD'3 SHOE STORE.Swell Line.We have just received the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts,x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLqR.thethetheNew Teacher Elected.The increased attendance atParis City School has necessitatedaddition of another teaVher tofaculty and at a meeting of the Boardof Education Mrs. E. L. Stone, ofJackson, was elected to fill theposition. Mrs. Stone comes highlyrecommended and wiil assume herduties when school convenes after theChiistmas holidays.Eggnog Today.Fine Eggnog and Tom and Jerry today. B. WEISSBERG.FOR THE BABY.Don't forget the babyX-mas. See those RubberTire Doll Go-Carts at E. M.Wheeler's. xAttention Holiday Shoppers.In your rounds don't overlook tiefact that our store is the mecca forthe wise buyers. Our store is crowdedto overflowing with suitable and sensible Christmas gifts. No trash, soraething that every man and boy wouldappreciate on Christmas morning canbe found here.x PRICE & CO.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfThe following notice is being sentout to members of the EpiscopalChurch in this, the Lexington Diocese:"A layman of our Diocese, who wishes his name withheld, has most generaously given the sum of $1,000 towardpaying the indebtedness of 5,000 nowresting upon the Diocese. He expressed the hope that this gift (one-fifth othe entire sum) would encourage us toa strong effort to clean up the debt."The Special Council has already ordered a mortgage to be placed on valuable property to secure this debt. Thepapers have not yet been drawn, andnumbers of our people are praying theyneed not be.'God has sent us the opportunity inthis unexpected and most generous action. Shall we not meet our un-namedbrother in his own spirit, and uponChristmas Day, as a most seasonablethank-offering, offer to God the Churchwithin this Diocese, freed from debtand unencumbered in its work ofpreaching the Gospel of peace on earth,good will to men?"I am enclosing a subscription blankand trust you will respond as God hasblessed you, remembering the words ofthe Lord Jesus, how He said, ' 'It ismore blessed to give than receive."Make this Christmas gift payable tosuit your convenience. We trust everyChurchman will make some offering."Your brother in Christ,J. M. MAXON,Financial Secretary, Versailles, Ky.'-SPECIALS.Specials in every line forChristmas trade,x E. M. WHEELER.MATRIMONIAL.Case Beer $1.75.Order a case of Lion Beer for familyuse, $1.75 per case 36 bottles to thecusex ' T. F. BRANNON.Dressed Fowls.All kinds of dressed fowls for theholiday trade. Chickens, duckks, turkeys, ttc. Let us have your order,x BRAMBLETTE &TARR.Christmas Headquarters.Make our sto:e your shopping headquarttrs for Christmas. Everythingtor the little folk and grown up peoplein stock. Ever.v thing new. Prices tosuit. Don't fail to visit the Annexupsiaiis. High grade goods at low jprices. tf'NAT'L. FIVE & TFN CFNT STORE. ,Coin'y Clerk Pearce Paton yesterday issued a marriage license to Mr.Earl W. Culbertson and Miss MargaretG. Merringer, both of Paris.The bride is a daughter of Mr. andMrs. John Merringer, Sr., and is quitean attractive and popular young lady.She is a sister of Mr. John Merringer,Jr., the plumber.The bridegroom Mr. Culbertsorh is ason of Mr. and Mrs. M. N. Culbertson,"and is an industrious young man,being connected with the Paris Distilling Co.Toy Annex.Don't fail to visit the Toy Annex upstairs at the National Five and TenCent Store. Everything in dolls andhigh grade toys, games and everything for Christmas. tfOPEN NIGHTS.Our store will be open everynight until Christmus for thebenefit of shoppers who areunable to come to the storeduring the day.x DAN COHEN.Good News for Florida Democrats. Hon. Clarence E. Woods, formerMajnr of Richmond, who has wonstate wide distinction in his championship of the temperance cause, and whodid splendid work for Judge E. C.O'Rear in the rectnt campaign, will,it is announced from his home town,leave Kentucky to accept an importanteditorial position in De Land, Fla.Richmond Pantagaph.Thinks Blue Grass Would Prosper.Fred Turleyville, in the IndianapolisSun, has the following to say of theBlue Grass League:"The Blue Grass .League .centersabout Louisville and Cincinnati, and ofclubs are placed in Louisville,Newportand Covington it will give a big boostto the famous little circuit from thebluegiass fields. Grayson, of Louisville, is looking for a good farm rightin the city, and also a money makingone at the same time."It doesn't take very many hundredto support Blue Grass ball, and even ifthe attendance is small compared tothe A. A. ball, it may be a relief togo cut in Louisville and ee a real'wiriner' when the Colonels are awayfrcra heme. The Minny league hasplayed the hot air circuit every yaron entering Minneapolis and St. Paul,but we haven't seen any results sofar. The Blue Grass invasion looksbest from this angle."Relatives Lose Hope.The relatives of the Rev. James C.Ogden, of Nicholas county, who, withhis family and several others', are missionaries in Batang, West China, donot express as much hope for the safety of the missionaries today as heretofore. New3 jjst received by themtnat a cablegram from the UnitedStates Consul in the province of Yunman, states,, that he h3s not yet beenahele to find the missionaries, and thatj three of the largest cities of that province, luuiviuiug lamu, to wnicn tnemissionaries were going, according toletters written from Batang in October have been besieged and capturedty the revolutionists.Fine Wines and Old Liquors.For the finest old whiskies in thebulk and bottled in bond, champagne,rum and wines, cordjels, liquors, etc.,give us a call. We have the goods.Fine stock for the holiday trade.x B. WEISSBERG.Christmas Goodies. 'Mixed candies, nuts, fruits, fancygroceries, box candies, dressed fowlsand everything good for Christmas.x BRAMBLETTE & TARR.FOR SALE.con-Calagraph typewriter. In gooddition. Will sell for 5 cash.S. E. BORLAND.Found.Nice pistol. Owner canby proving property andthis advertisement.have samepaying forTHE FAIR!The Place For All Kinds of-Holiday Goods.The Frankfort Journal says: "Ifthe Bluegrass League is to continue toexist some way to strergthen thei financial end must be found. The ad- jI dition or Louisville ana uovington toj the circuit would give all the clubs inthe league more money as the patronage in the large cities ought to be better than in any town now in the league.Baseball lovers in Frankfort will 'pulPfor the newv clubs to be admitted. "3All Prices.Suit cases and traveling bags in allprices.tf MITCHELL & BLA&EMORE.Christmas Wines.Champagne and all other kinds ofwines both domestic and imported.All the best brands tin the marketx TURF EXCHANGE.How about a nice Cham-""ber Set, or a 100-pieceDinner Set, or a lovelyJDining Room Picture.A Handsome line to selectfrom. . ' . ....THE FAIR.." T.tt-Cfi;-f-- .-iA-rXJ.hiTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS', ; KENTUCKY, - DECr 23 1911CJt4t i21' 1-T2-I 3'fiI:hl bourbon news.CiejfimttfcvrktsALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGOPEN NIGHTS.From now until Christmasour store will be open everynight to accommodate Xmasshoppers. Beautiful lot ofgifts to select from.J. T. Hf NTON.Main Street Flushed.Mayor Hinton bad the city hands outFriday night and Main street wasflushed from Tenth street to the EustMain street bridge.Holly Wreaths.Holly wreaths and loosaChristmas decorations. Lyour order.Lolly forUs have3 - . V TRNTTTAMRight Prices.Let us fill your order for Christmasdinner Good gcods at right prices.SHEA & CO.Xin&s Tree at Episcopal Church.The Christmas tree to the Sundayschool of the Episcopal church whichwas annuunced to take place Sundayracrmng will occur on Tuesday afternoon at two o'clock.For X-mas.Bath robes and smoking jackets atMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.Fine Canhies.Finest stock of fancy box candies,Also nice lot of bulk candies at popular prices.x BRAMBLETTE & TARR.Local Odd Fellaws WiIl"Attend.A number of members of BourbonLodge of Odd Fellows wiil attend theentertainment to be given at theWidows and 5rphans Home in Lexington tomorrow afternoon.Get a Hoosier.tset your wife a Hoosier Cabinet atA. P, Wfeeeler & Co.'s for a Christamspresent.For the Holiday Trade.Buy your Christmas nuts atcard's toe has the best.HowAttention Knights Templar.'A'll members of Coeur de Lion Cnmmandery, No. 26 are requested to meet:atthe Commandery room on Monday,December 25 at 10:30 o'clock.. M. H. H. DAVIS, EcYou Want tjie best.Go to Cook's and "see what he has toeat. You will find more and betterjgoods than any place in Paris.Xmas Candies.Fine fruits of all kinds, best line nf'bulk candies, assorted nuts, figs,dates, fancy "baskets and box candiesof all kinds. Phone us your order andwe will do the rest.BAIRP& TAYLOR.New Police Assigned.G. N. McKenney and James More'land, recently elected by the CityCouncil to the police force, yesterdayreceived thier ccmmissions to do special duty during Christmas week afterwhich they will be assigned to regularduty.Holiday Footwear Sale.Men's and women's house slippersat great bargainsx DAN COHEN'S SHOE STORE.A Sensible Present.Get a Christmas present that is useful a, pair of shoes or house slippersfor gentlemen and ladies15 5t DAVID FELD.Clark County farm Sold.Auctioueer George D. Speakes soldpublicly for Col H. P. Thcnipscn,Wednesday, his farm of 226 acr.s aiThompson Station in Claik county toClifton Prewitt of Montgomery county,for 25,270. A tract cf 217 acres belonging to f'ol. Thompson was withdrawn r.t $97.25 per acre.Ladies' Slippers,Ladies' Douduoir slippers in all colors.xGEO. McWILLlAMS.Turkey Thieves.Chas. Payne, a tenant on the farmof Mr. Arthur Hancock on the Winchester pike hsd stolen from himThursday night a number of turkeysby thieves who raided the roost of thefowls.Rubber Boots.your Gum Shoes and RubberGetBoots at17 tfFELD'S SHOE STORE.Fancy Candies.Fancy box candies of all kinds.Nothing but the be3t. Make niceChritsmas presents.x FEE'S.A Merry Christmas.This will be the last appearance ofthe News before Christmas and wetake this occasion to wish the readers,patrors and everyone a joyousyuletide. Christmas coming on Mon( a-', the News is issuing today to allowthe employes to enjoy a holiday. Therf xr issue of the News will appearrrxt Friday at the usual time. Againwe desire. to extend our sincere wishest one and all for a merry Christmashj.q s harrr New Ycsr.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs Chas. Clendenin is quite ill.&r Netcn Taylor is visitingini-.fcXington.'Mr. Mcnroe Sweeney is visitingrelatives at Nolan, Hardin ccunty.Miss Virginia Hutchsraft, ofGeorgia, is at home for the holidays.Mrs. Mattie McCarney has gone toMiday to fpend Christmas with relatives. Miss Lola Miller is ill at her homeon High street with an attack of pneumonia. Mr. Bruce Miller is the gue&t othis sister, Mrs. Henry Preston, inAshland.S Dr. and Mrs. ' Harry Mathers aresoending the holidays with relatives inCirilsle.Edward Fithian and Gideon Tucker are at home from M. M. I. to spendthe holidays.Mr. and Mrs. Jessie Ellis arespending the holidays with reallives in.CynthianatMr. and Mrs. Robr. Turner andfamily will leave in a few dajs forFlorida to reside.Mr. and Mrs. Lucien Buck, ofMississippi, are guests of Mr. andMrs. Johr Yerkes.Mr. Irvine Keller, of Chicago, willarrive today to spend Christmas withhis mother, Mrs. Calla Keller.Miss Catherine Thomason willentertain with a large card party nextMonday evening at Bourbon College.Miss Laura Williams has returnedto her home in Mt. Sterling after avisit to Mrs. Joe Varden in this city.Elder Edwin Sweeney, of Indianapolis, Ind., arrived this morning tospend Christmas with his mother, Mrs.Alice Sweeney.Mrs. John Bronston, of Jacksonville, Fla., arrived last night to spendthe .holidays with her mother, Mrs.Camilla Wilson.Mr. Walter Martin has rented ofMrs. Netie Gardner her cottage onConvent Heights and will take possession January 1.Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Hedges lefttcday for Huntington, W. Va., tospend Christmas with their daughter, ;Mrs. Samuel Biggs.Messrs. Sidney Ardery, John K.Vansant and Hirara Roseberry, students at Central GoStege, Danville, areat home for the holidays.Mr. and Mrs, Withers Davis andlittle daughter will leave Monday forWinchester to pend the Chcnstmaswith Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Jouett.Mr, and Mts. Ed Hutchcraft ariived Thursday to spend the Christmasseason wiffch Mr. H. Clay Kutchcraftand Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland.Mr, Avcnia Kiser. who is attending a medical college in Louisville, isspending the holidays with his parents,Mr. and Mra. John Kiser, at Shawhan.Mr. and Mrs. C. J. McLeer leftyestreday for Owenton fora visit andwill bfiaccopmanied'by Mrs. McLeer'sniece, who is a student at Borbon College. Miiss Ellen Lilly and Miss NettiePullen, of Science -HilL Shelbyville,will spend the Christmas season withMrs. Lizzie Walker at her home onHigh street.Mr. 'Will S-. Arnaparger will arrivehome Sunday from Eton Ga., where hehas a position in a bank, to spend theholidays with his parents Mr. and Mrs.Clifton Arnaparger on Duncan avenue.Mass Sarah E. Curtis, w"ho hasbeen the guest of Mrs. John S.Roberts at her home on the Hume andBedford pike, has returned to herhome in Georgetown,Dr. Ben Frank,of New York, is athome to spend the holidays. He has ashis guest Mr. Jack Fitzgerald, also ofNew York. Dr. Frank and Mr. Fitzgerald traveled abroad together thepast summer.Mr. A. Dettwiler, of North Midletown. was taken to St. Joseph's hospital, Lexington, last night and lmmediI ately underwent an operation for aserious case ot appendicitis. Althoughhis condition is still critical, it is believed Mr. Dettwiler will recover.Rev. Yutaki Minikuchi wife andlittle son, Yutaka Minikuchi, Jr., andMrs. Rosa Buckner arrived yesterdayfrom Boston and are guests at thehome of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Clark.Ihey will leave after Christmas forAsbeville, N. C, to spend the balanceof the winter.Miss Mamie Dillard, a student atBourbon College, is spending the holidays with Mrs. Goddard at Harrodsburg. The other students and teachershave gone to their respective homes.Mrs. Sarah Payne left today to visither brother at Payne's Depot, whileMrs. Ware. Mrs. Bell and Miss VanArsdale will remain at the College.Fancy Baskets.We are making a special run on fancy Christmas baskets filled with thefinest fruit to be had. If you wantsomething nice order one of ihese baskets. The prices are right.8AIRD& TAYLOR.ROCKING CHAIRS.Very low prices on allRockers during the holidays.They make handsome Christmas gifts.x E. M. WHEELER.An Invitation.You are cordially invited ticall and inspect ourbeautiful line of holiday goodssuch aspictuies, framesCrana's fancy stationeiygift books ,Games, dolisjioyeliies of all kindsParis Book Co.jJar4s,-Ky.Ben P. Holt Dies Suddenly.Mr. Benjamin P. Holt, 'aged" about60 years, died at his home on Mt. Airyavenue Friday evening about seveno'clock from an attack of hearttrouble. Mr. Holt had been verv illfor several days but his death carre asa surprise and shock to his relativesand friends who did not realize thathis condition was critcali.Mr. Holt was a son of the lateJoseph Holt, who lived at the oldhome place on the Peacock pike a fewnines irom raris, ana wnicn is nowoccupied by Mr. J. Harry Holt. Hewas for a number of years in the revenue service and later as the localmanager of the Adams Exprcs3 Company, which ptsition he filled for alengthy period.He is survived by his wife. Mrs.Mollie Rion Holt, and nine children,Messrs. Harry 0. Holt, Edward Holtand Joseph Holt, and Mra. James Mullins, of this city, Mr. Blanton Holt, ofLexington, Mrs. Edgar Sanford andMiss Nellie Holt, of Louisville, Mr.Benjamin Holt. Jr., of Seattle. Wash.,and Mr, William Holt, of San Diego,Cal.? the latter being here en a visitt? bis parents.Mr. Holt i a ho survived by threebrothers and two sisters, Messrs. J.Harry Holt, of Bourbon, Cal. Holt, ofGand Rapids, Mich., Sidney Holt, ofSeattle, Wash., and Mrs. H. C. Bucknei and Miss Bettie Holt, of thiscounty,Te funeral services will take placeSunday afternoon at 1 :30 o'clock atthe (family reisdence on Mt. Airy.Services by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive,assisted by 'Elder Carey E. Morgan.Burial in Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers ;will be T. HartTalbott, Wrr. Simms.Wm. Lyle, NetonMitchell. Dr. C. G. Daugherty, Wm.E. Board.Now on Display.My stock of Christmas goods is nowon display and embraces candies, nutsand rfuits of every variety. Call andsee what I have and you will not goelsewhere.x T. F. ROCHE.Budweiser.Large stock ofbeer at ten cents psit lasts.Budweiser bottledir bottle as long asB. WEISSBERG.DEATH.Mrs. Lavina Huddlestarm, aged 3-1years, wife of Mr. R. B. Hudalestor,died at her home on Storrec Averrae atabout 2 o'clock this morning after anillness of more than two years ofdiabbetis, Mrs. Huddletonn had beenin a critical condition for two weeksprior to her death, due to a Tali shereceived which hastened her death.Before marriage she was MissLavina Huffstetter,, daughter ? Mr.Frank Huffstetter County Clrk ofNichalas county, and up to -six yearsago resided in Carlisle. Since thattime she has made her home in thiscity.She is survived by her hushand an3five children, two sons .a-nd threedaughters Frank, Kenney, Virginia,Mary and Louella Huddleston. Thefuneral services will be held at herlate residence this morning at 9o'clock, conducted by Elder Carey EfMorgan. The remains will he taken toCarlisle on the 12:05 p. m, Louisvilleand Nashville train and the interementwill take place in the Carlisle cemetery. THE BEST INSURANCE.The best fire, wind and tornado insurance.McClure & Clendenin.Fire ot Mt. Sterling.In Mt. Sterling Allan Tip'on's carriage shop was gutted by fire and thelivery barn, occupied by Wick Bushwas damaged. The fire broke out inthe rear of the carriage shop and burned fiercely. All the stock and two buggies on the upper floor were destroyedand the stcck on the lower floordamaged by fire and water. The lareeautomobile owned by Tipton and valued at $1,700 wf s practically destroyed.Loss on stock about $2,000. The autowas injured fcr .$1,000 and the stockfor $1,000.Oranges by the Box?We have plenty ofthem andaspretty as you ever saw.C. P. COOK.Eire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford."Shoot iheBufl.,,A Lexington man gives a graphic description to a Liexington paper as tohow he killed a bear in Estill countywith a pair of brass knucks, in part asfollows:"I grasped him about the neck withmy left hand and struck him severalrapid blows upon the head, stunninghim quickly and thereafter braininghim. The bear weighed 237 pounds.The pelt I am going to have made intoa rug and some of the meat will beeat here by a number of my friends ata dinner next evening."Its lucky he came from Lexingtonotherwise he may not have had theknucks. It's a big story, but comingfrom Lexington, we guess its all right.OPEN AfTER SUPPER.Our store will be openevery night until after Christmas for the accommodationof the holiday shoppers. Comein and look over our stock.AE. WHEELER & COFOR RENT.Small house on Cypress street whereI now reside. Water and lights. $15per month. Apply to23 3t t G. C. THOMPSON.Shortest Bay oT the Year." 'Yesterday 'was, the shortest day inthe year, the sun in its apparent journey southward having reached thetropic of Capricorn, and marking theperiod of the winter solstice, which iathe beginning of winter according tothe calendar. The sun will now turnnorthwardly again, gradually bringinglonger days and shorter nights. OnMarch 21 it will reach the equatormarking the spring equinox, when theday and night will be of equal length.Box Candies.Beautiful line of fancy box candi.Nothing would be more spproriate foryour best girl on Christmas morning.A nice Christmas gift.x T. LENIHAN.Large Variety.For a variety of fruits, candies andnuts for Crhistmas you will find thatmy scock cannot be excelled. Itfresh and of the very best quality.x T. F. ROCHEisOR ABROW$1, $2, $3, $4, $5, $7,$10, $12.Baugfyerty Brosr.if' -"5L".--.'tJ tr"" - w '"Wtr-v -w -r .-..2"$20 f I ' upNIL.-, - iK3c itaw. - ' V y ilifk ST)m flat iI 01XMASIOur Display of Novelties, Dolls,Toys, Etc.,Is the Largest in the History of Our Business. Weare offering more specials than ever before. Comein and look the lines over, it will be worth your while.Special attention is called to ourHandkerchief Department.See our big values in Umbrellas, Hosiery, Neckwearand Gloves. Come and save money.:W. EdSanta Claus!0IFee's CashFor Friday and SaturdayPURE FOOD PRODUCTSPure New Orleans Cane Syrup per gallont tins 65cPure Illinois Sorghum Molasses, per gallon tins 65cPure Kentucky Comb Honey, per lb 15cPurity Flour (best made) per 100 lbs $3.00Irish Potatoes per peck 30c, per bushel $1.20Fairy Patent Flo'ur, 24 pound sack -. .70ciHubig's Pies andFEE'S!A Mrery ChristmasAndHappy New YearWe wish to thank the public for the liberalpatronage during the past 3'ear, the largest in thehistory of our store. We have endeavored tosatisfy every customer, no matter how small hispurchase was.We wish every person in Bourbon County aMerry Christmas and a Happy New Year.J..T. HI INTO IN.-: -.J?C3LaS5S2y .-.-fi'JJg-. Sf4ftfTuckerHeadquartersiry g0CUdlNStone's Cakes.V5i -T"aV-f-.W"3-,"ifttf "lrk11O -"- s-3 -, A..JS-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 23, i 911VRHEDIATISlCared by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.f. Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood with'pare riotonical Ingredients. To prove'it we will send vou a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.-If yon have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingiing flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, giving-warmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Drugeists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with J. sections for home cure.S tiuPiO :nt free by writing Bloodi.m d . Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour crcuu'e nd free medical advicegi.'cn. -3 1:1 by Varden & Son.Cement For Sale.y This Signyou knowthat you aregetting theone preparation thathas stoodthe test forover thirtyfive yearsand still remains the Standardtonic-food-medicine,used and recommendedby the medical profession the world over.S&oti'sEmuisiomis the embodiment ofelements that make forgood health andstrength.rei ii IS33X&&.OOwDO&r0"WILBUR P. NESB1T111 Wii'i I ( i j I i lt(ji i '"'. '',!.. ' . .' ' J -Hi I. IAM, DRUGGISTS11-231MS3lWe have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price. 'PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO. .BLOODPOISONeesCared by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Announcement.I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalCoratracfclfigandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle1, yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish ycu estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Homa hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 123-2.W. C. HESTERRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohoma andTexas, on sale the first and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip Winter Tourist Pares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.I cannot wear the old thingsI wore p. year ago,Though they are just as good as newAnd once became me so.I have not changed the least bitNor grown In any way,But If I wore a last year's styleWhat would my friends all say?I cannot wear the old dressThat was so swell last fall;It Is not worn the slightest bitBut will not do at all.Why, If I walked down street In itI could not then endureThe knowledge that all of our friendsWould say we had grown poor.I cannot wear the old hatI put away last spring.Although it shows no signs of wearAnd is a lovely thing.It breaks my heart to think of allThe costly stuff it bears "But It is not at all the shapeThat everybody wears.I cannot wear the old coat,Nor wear my last year's fursAnd though I sadly cast them offMy heart with rapture stirs.I've got to buy expensive things, And women's clothes are dearI think, though, I'll have twice as muchTo bid good-bye next year.FALL HINTS FOR MEN.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andj Newspaper Agency. Lowestj prices on all Magazines in circujlation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them from! your friends.Sincerely, .Mrs Rosa V. Wailingford.Trousers are made with permanentcuffs. The cuffs are sewed right ontothe bottom of the legs. Small changemay be readily concealed In the cuffs.The tailors still put five or sixpockets in coats, and then when thegarment loses its shape blame youfor carrying so much in the pocketarFor men whose adam's apples riseand fall when they ' speak, sing orswallow, collars with spring wingsare offered. The wings accommodatethemselves to the motion of theadam's apple.Fuzzy hats are again popular. Thefuzzy hat should be shampooed oncea week and given a hair trim everyfortnight. Some men have a fad ofpomradouring the fur en the hat.1 otl'ers wear them curly. It is announced that switches will soon be introduced for hats that are becominsbald.The lower price for furs indicatesthat the Uncle Tom's Cabin overcoatwrll have more of a vogue than everthis season.JI TWIN BROS.,Oothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for fall and Winter Strictly $gA!l-Wooi Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Oassimeresin the neuvt niodsls, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Ovpreoats in eve'y-new cut and weave, prices range from7 30, $10, $12.5 $15, $1S and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4,The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.50, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.wmiLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.TOO GREAT A STRAIN."Where's the eggs?""What eggs, ma?""The eggs I sent you for. Didn't Itell you to get a dozen and not to forget to hurry back.""Well, ma, I tried so hard to remember to hurry back that I forgot theeggs."Economical Damssl.He begged for a lock of her hair.He vowed he would cherish the strand,He asked but this boon of his falr.yAnd held out a tremulous hand.1"Ah, no," she replied, "your requestsIs more than I feel I can grant. 7tIt may Just as well be confessedMy hair costs so much that I can't.'!Internlonai wasNGINBSomeAll Types" of Eu silage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.MENWhen afflicted with disease, do not waste yourhard-earued money andvaluable time experimenting with uncertaintreatments, butCOftflE TO us.Our long experience has taught us what to do from rme start no know how. .Let us nave youmoney, tlmo and uflerlnz:. Don't let lack ofmoney keep jou away. If jou are out of work youcan arranze to pay our until provisional fee lateron. No Ions of time while taking our treatmentyou can keep nht ou with your work.IF YOU SUFFER jreskPhimosl', Hydrocele, Varicocele, Stricture, BloodPotion, Rheumatism, Ulcers, Seres. Skin Dineaies,or Nervous Debility, or any special ailment thathas been hanging on for weekt or months, resistingthe treatment of various doctors and druggistsuntil you are discouraged call and let us showyou how qaijkly such troubles can bo cured by the -GiganticHoliday SaletIGlIT treatment.For free Quettlon List andBook on Mux's Distant.WRITECincinnati Men-Specialist Go,,521 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.Olive Trees Centuries Old.Olive trees of Syria live to a greatage. Some, known to be over 4,000years old, are still in a flourishingcondition and likely to bear fruit formany years to come.P.lonumental Majority.If one could get the vote of thosewho feel worse the day after a holidaythan they did the day before, he probably could be elected. Atchison Globe.lMIM"l'MMi"MMWMBa-W-M--M-H-MM--MM--fc j Bus? iKflllcp AulWJAAtTwin Bros. DepartmentStore, beginningSaturday,. December 1 G,Display of Toys,Drygoods, Cloaks, tadies'SuitsSkirts, Purs, Shoes, Millinery.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky'lAc vri j & vASA 7 A Ii WIX 'SyJ.W y;.ft 1lW Cyj.W CW.VL ISvifA. IHtKS.tfilViM K5f.135-av- Wi'iafWVtIK'iVfIf.Mi skflsaftP!flHjkgS . r ". iT'3 vO.Wm8?f 8 Till ITCHIf you av s-fTer'ns from Eczema,Psoriasis or a:; oilier I:i:d of skintrouble, rlrop into our store for instant relief. "'e Vi'ill guarantee youto btop that itch in x7o seconds. ,A 25c tiial bottle will prove it.we Jiuve aula iiner ;.uieuji iulj skin tro:'' is, h' ft ibane that ve couldrecommend r-.or highly than the wellknown CMnpouivl o2 Oil of "Winter;rr"ri, T:"oI and a few other in-i irrer1ieats i- i 'uae wrought such won-dcrf 1 pr., -U ov-ir mj country.Th5 rnrrnoirvL i.uowS a.? D. D. D.Prescriptsofi. v, :3i cool and heal theitchy, burn. a,' 'cln u-. nothing elsecan. c?Ht :i gt:u.r l..;c:o unu. seo uu.our no-pay cM.:.G. S. Vartien &"Son.Pw&y'-'! prNSDRE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Tw0 old reliable, prompt paying companies.A Tip for Father."Yes Willie," said the affable uncle","the rainbow means that therewillnot be any more rain.""Is that true?" asked Willie.f "Imust run home and tell papa. I heardhim say he intended to invest in anumbrella factory." 'V'Hadn't Noticed It."Had you noticed, Miss Plopp thatyou hadn't noticed me several timeslately when we met?""No. I simply haven't noticed you.'r-m iii i..j.mm goien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,IJBeef, Pork,'Etc."?Margoieo,Paris, Ky.I Paris, Ky. IOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you a:e looking for "The"Hat you'll find ifc in our prestMi handsome display of smartmilliniy.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 Agent.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTON SA3L12 DAILY' ' - " - via, ALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDfzasesOrKiKG CAP.5SERVINGALL MEALSA LA CAF.TEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS, CALL UN ANY TICKET AGENT, QUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE,OB "WHITEHIKING, Passenger "and Ticket Agent, 101 E. iSain St, LEXINGTON. KY.iIi 1 i p3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC 23, 1911.LAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TRYlt may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of letters frommothers and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use ft themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxative-tonic that does not gripe effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic inpreHJpnfQ invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, III.-GliGerms Spread in SkinEczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofserms at work in the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly multiply, gnawing theirway deep into the sensitive tissue.This Is what causes that awful itch,and what seemed a. mere rashmay grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing- skin diseasewith its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thegerms at the beginning of the troublewith that soothing and cleansing wash,the D. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.A 25c bottle will prove this to you.We have had experience with manyremedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures asthose from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the very first application. "We are so confident that D. D. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle fails to make good every claim.If you have skin trouble of anykind, we certainly advise you to dropin and investigate the merits of D. D.D. anyway. Wo know, that D. D. Dtwill help you.G. S. Vaidsn & Son.l.yxa.m.-i-"ITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchtmtn you feel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your body-antil it seems as if you could nolonger endure these endless days oCxwful torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.Then a few drops of D. D. D., thefamous Eczema Specific and. Oh! -whatrelief I The itch gone instantly! Com.Tort and rest at last!D. D. D. is a simple external washthat cleanses and heals the inflamed.Bkia as nothing else can. A recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltJlhenm or any other skin trouble."We can give you a full size bottletof the genuine D. D. D. remedy for$L0 and if the very first bottle failsto give relief it will not cost you a.cent."We also can give you a sample bottle for 25 cents. Why suffer anotherflay when ycu can get D. D. D.?G. S. YiiIe: SL Sc:i.No Sale.Mrs Irving "You didn't buy thaiOriental rug after all, did you?" ?IrsClini "No, we took a friend olGeorge's to see it and he said thatwhile it was a genuine Bokhara, beautlfully woven and all that, it wouldn'tlast moie than a hundred years, so wedecided to look farther."1 1, ITake it a1! in all what, that you can s .n-srest. wilLrrae a iror j serviceable, lasting gift than an article oT FunsterePerhaps something for the home, something that all will enjoy or something for someone's particular room-yes, thereis something here for every one you've marked down on jour list, and that something is the something that will give tneraeeh er greatest enjoyment.A chaiminj selection, reasonably price-, and terms cf payment to suit your convenience.Isn't that pretty gcod Christmas buy'n j- inducement?Saving Postage Stamps.When postage stamps stick together, never fcoak them in hot water.Instead, lay a piece of paper on topand pass over them with a hot ironThis will loosen the stamps and yetnot remove the gim on the back.Must Fight Them Off.As soon as a man becomes rich tiefinds it necessary to nave himself surrounded by a guard whose duty it isto repulse the people who ulsh tomake him richer.Ii Siariied the World.i when the astoundinsr claims werefirst made foi Bucklen's Arnica Salvebut forty years of wonderful cureshavu proved them true, anc? everywhere it is iiov known as the bestpalve on earth for burns, boi's, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Onlv 25e at Obsvtior-fer's.I3KTiE33aCSaa3S234THE PARISQuicK Lvnch andT 111.-1-! The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 12 PARIS, KY.Jltmk EanqbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tf East Tenn. Phoe 669.A Harris (Mr wifth or aTurkish Rocker. Child n's R)ckcrs. See our Child's 3-Pece Sets,2 chdlrs sad table, for $2.25,Mule of Solid Golsen 03k.1DE80AB0Never before have we beenable to show you a line of Sideboards at such prices as .thisChristmas. A beautiful GoldenOak Sideboard,$17.00 UP TO $43.00.MiJ&li It-Ill 1tMffllBiERl 1110NT'S GH1FFRGBEWhat could we get that would please husband,son or brother any more than a Chiffrobe? Manystyles to pick from.$13.75 UP TO $40.00.SS&iJyibnmk7SO.Make your Christmas Gift aChina Closet, as that is whatyour wife has been wanting forsome time, while our stock ofclosets is complete and the pricesso reasonable. One like cut,with bent glass, highly polished,Christmas Price $40.IiASHAMEDOFHERFACE"I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Pickard of North Carolina. "Itwas all full of pimples and scars, butafter using D. D. D. Prescription forEczema I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema and that was,three years ago."This is but one of thousands of casesin which D. D. D. has simply washedaway the skin trouble., D. D. D.cleanses the skin of. the germs of Eczema, Psoriasis and other serious skindiseases; stops the itch instantly, andwhen used with D. D. D. soap the curesseem to be permanent. Nothing likeD. D. D. for the complexion.Trial bottle 25 cents, enough toprove the merit of this wonderful remedy. "We can also give you a- full sizebottle for $1.00 on our absolute guarantee that if this very first bottle failsto give you relief it will cost you nothing. a. S. Varden & Son.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.COR. MAIN & TH3RD STS.CHAS. GREEN, MGR.OPP. COURT HOUSE.Wild Oats Crop.If the statistics were available probably it would be found that 65 percent, of young men who are sowingwild oats are permitting somebodyelse to pay for their oatmeal. Galveston News.Toy Annex.Don't fail to visit the Toy Annexupstairs at the National 5 & 10 centStore. Everything in dolls, and highgrade toys, games and everything forChristmas.Your Appetite.Cook's is the place to satisfy it.. Give us your orcbr early.Rice Water.Wa3h six ounces of rice, add to ittwo quarts of boiling water, and threeounces of raisins, boll very gently forhalf an hour, then strain. This willbe' found a capital drink to give tochildren when there is any indicationof tflarrUoea.- a BgJ fcJ Hl IM'IU ! L V I. 1M MH ,l,t t1 ,PgICaHPJl ISmall Girl's Protest.Little Marma's father employed helpwho spoke Norwegian, which Marmacould not understand. One day hermother and aunt were spelling what intheir conversation Marma was notto comprehend. With a little sniff shesaid: "I don't like spelling; just likeNorwegian.".HHReading Lampnrhn norPft that the lisht from a good oil lamp iseasier on die eyes than any other artificial lightThe Rayo Lamp is the best oil lamp made.It gives a strong, yet soft, white light; and it never flickers. It preserves the eyesight of the young; it helps and quickens that of the old.You can pay $5, $ 1 0, or $20 for other lamps, but you cannot getbetter light than the low-priced Rayo gives.Made of solid brass, nickel-plated. Easily lighted, without removing shade or chimney. Easy to clean and rewick.Dcvcrywfeere: or write for descriptive drcuW direct to any agency of tkStandard Oil Company5 a ?j -s "There is no ectablishmenl ia liie UnitedStates better able to mi yo-r require-ments inexc!ucic cek-cLci.s oi Licriionasin unique and dntiaclive bei'ir.crs: oLibigSilverware wrought by experienced a.'tisans; Gold jewelry o iefr.:ed sndartistic character; Shcnield Sliverwpre orhard metal with silver-'ileclroplate; J odaware of sterling silver anJ cf"ebon:;iWatches cf the w?rli'- !eadii it. '-:?;Herschede Hall and 7v'A CUh cfnational reputation iorcar,e d&s'gift, tackeeping, and famous 1 ububt Chirpo: ihst.sound the hours end ceara-.s 2:sr 'nppeals of Whittingtcn rind Wesimhvrte:; hfact, with the choicest in jewelr,f gi-tsmithing, and silversmul.in at rr.ccutcprices. A Catalog of Hdl and lVI.nwlClocks only is issued, as assortment in'other lines are always chancing co a- -hinclude the latest approved ccijgn. tseleclJons, insured and cxptcss pate, vij!bent to those making themserec k-avrias reliable through l'ne Corrc.pord::coDepartment. A prrssna! vidf vh.-i iny&s 3-?z.mmStrange.Small Nina wa3 two years olderthan the baby and had come to realizethat the little creeDer was likely tobe in some mischief when quiet. One jday she called to her mother: "Mam-1ma. you'd better see about baby. I jhear him keeping still."Origin cf Naval Salute.Originally a town or a warship firedoff their guns on the approach orfriendly strangers, to show that theyhad such faith in the visitors' peaceful intentions they didn't think Itnecessary to keep their guns loaded.Hence the naval salute."Pig' sStetfrmShr-nimfK mc ' i BEH?R?5 v-xrI ! UN A Warm oaihroom l1 Sl PERFECTION IV -" y74 S&X&-1 aiSsBkiWML il-..-m-&'jMZ -r' )i'& '9- -r. 1Cincinnati vill be appivSilversmiths Je-.vclcrsThe Franin iier5cha-3Herchede BuU-Jir.s, Fourth A?vss, ?&??.Every mother should be carefullhat'the children take their bathsin a warm room. The chill of acold room is dangerous after coming out of the hot water.A Perfection Smokeless Oil Heater brings bathroom or bedroomto just the degree of warmth you want in five or ten min All youhave to do is to touch a match.The Perfection Heater burns nine hours on one filling and isalways ready for use. You can move it anywhere it is needed.There is no waste of fuel and heat warming unoccupied rooms.Just the heat you want, when and where you want it.The Perfection is fitted with an automatic-locking flame spreaderthat prevent the wick being turned high enough to smoke and Measy to remove and drop back when cleaning.Drums finished cither in turquoise-blue enamel or plain steel ; fight tod ornamental, yet strong and durabte suitable (oi any room in any house.Deafen everjrwhere : or wr.lc o ar eeacy of lhStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)fc1lidfI:iJ.;ricnin&i? tjgJi.it.i-I.fellPUSPt. v (Iacerporateci;5tt&Z7iz$'Kr'?-zv-fS3jamai1 1I ' ' l'"! ''THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DEC. 23, 1911MILLERSMJRG ITEMS.Holly wreaths at Mock's.Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Shy will spend-a part of the holidays with his parents,ir and Mrs. J. D. Shy, at Paris.S ee the FestGons, la Vallere at Mc-ConnclFs. xMr. and Mrs. E. B. Taylor and littledaughter, Katherine, are spending theXUhriatmas holidays with his mother,Mrs. Taylor and family at Piqua.Buy your Christmas present atMock's. Store open at night.See our handsome line of queenswareand especially our handsome plates.Just what you want for Christmas.L. T. V1MONT.The following are among the numberwho are spending the holidays here:Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Clarke and littledaughter.Christine, Louisville; Missesf W-W-W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings For theWhole Family atWe suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured Ring.Here is a ling that is so good that it is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty" million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmoFt confidence.. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy of a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.of "ibSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,"The HouseIEverytsotn jf nones. mtWMMB"IWMM'IIMIt"M"gM"IMIBBa'a,,aawBi,BB"M"'"WMWMMBBBBWiBJWMMiMWMMWgl: - mm - i mm i i , ,i,in mAn immense purchase of the entire output of one of this country's foremostmanufacturers of Holiday Shoes and Slippers, enables us to offer the largest andfinest assortment of Holiday Footwear ever displayed in this city, consisting ofthe newest novelties in fancy and plain designs in leathers, plush and felt.ONLY ONE MORE DAYtt dispose of this enormouspurchase, we have therefore marked them at pricesfar less than other dealers pay for them. The lots are complete; the selectiongreater; the bargains irresistable. Truly, a gift worth having.Ve have a large assortment of Misses' and Children's Trooper Boots, just thething for a useful Christmas gift.Ladies' White Buck Button Shoes, $4 and $5 values, Special $2.99 and $3.49.DAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky." At The Big Electric Sign.Sadie Clarke, Escondida; NannieClarke, Cynthiana, with their parents, 'Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy ; Miss L, A.Warford, Caropbell-Jtiagermann Col-,lege. Lexington, with frends here;I Dr, and Mrs. S. H. Crayton, Indian-anohs. Ind. : Mr. and Mrs. K. B. IIHutchings, Lexington, with theirmother, Mrs. Belle Taylor and family ;Mr. and Mrs. K. K. Vaught. Parker,T l ?J.L L. A u n A w . . 4- JTu a - J TVn r1UU., vviui net puitiiiLc, mi. cxiiu una.T. D. Judy; Mr. and Mrs. Irvin Swinford, Carlisle, and Mr. and Mrs. LeslieShrout, Owingsville, with their parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Carpenter.Cut glass and sterling silver at Vimont's. We have many handsomepieces. Make your selection whilethere i3 a choice.Every cash dollar spent at McConnsll's jewelry store is guaranteed toget value received in the newest andmost up-to-date goods, besides on theNew Year watch to be given awaythat day. 12 6tReasonable Prices.of Quality."Day a Bargain Dap at OurSALE OFvThe engine and dynamo for the newelectric plant have arrived and will beput in position in the near future. (Durtown will bfe liglited with electricityearly in January.Mrs. C. D. Tackett attended thefuneral of her aunt, Miss tieulah Harris, at Berry today.Mrs. W. V. Shaw left this morningto spend the holidays with her mother,Mrs. Harding at Butler.Mr. Chas. Fisher, of Kentucky Wesleyan College, Winchester, is herespending the holidays.Miss Bessie Purneli, of Paris, is athome for the hoildays with her mother, Mrs. Mattie Purneli.Dr. and Mrs. I. D. Best and daughter, Katherine, of Cynthiana, areguests of Mrs. Same is est.Turkeys and chickens for the Christmas market, dressed or undressed.Speak for them early.J. T. AUXIER.You want our Headly box candy. Itis absolutely pure and put up in attractive boxes. Just the thing forChristmas.LOUIS VIMONT.Mrs. W. S. Judy entertained Fridayevening with a six o'clock dinner inhonor of her niece, Miss Marie LouiseCray, who will on December 27 becomethe wife of Mr. J. Clarke Leer, Jr.The following were among the numberpresent: Misses Marie Louise Cray,Elta Duchemin, Cincinnati ; Ida LeeHarris, Nolan, W. Va. ; Messrs. JeffHarris, Nolan, VY. Va., and JohnClarke Leer, Jr.Our assortment of dolls is the bestin town. See them and be convinced.We have yet a few choice ones left.LOUIS VIMONT.We have a full line of jewelry andChristmas novelties and would be gladto have you call and inspect our stockbefore making your Christmas pur-ARON McCONNELL,12 4t Jeweler and Optician.Miss Marie Louise Cray and Mr.John Clarke I eer, Jr., will be unitedin marriage at the Methodist churcn at4 o'clock Wednesday afternoon. Thiawill be the most brilliant event of theyear going to the prominence of theyoung couple. Miss Cray is the young-, est daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. B.f Cray and is a young lady of many ac-, complishmentd, with a large circle offriends in this and other towns. Mr.jonn uiartce Lieer, jr., is tne omy sonof Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Leer and isequally prominent.Paul, the three year old son of Mr.and Mrs. Reuben Strawther, died thismorning at 1 o'clock of brain fever.iStorecThe burinl will take place thia afternoon at 2 o'clock in Millersburg cemetery. ,Mr. Thos. Marshall has rented theproperty of Mr. G. W. Judy, recentlyvacated by Dr. F. W. Troy and family." Misses Mattie and Lucia Butlerentertained Friday evening in honorof Miss Marie Louise Cray and Mr.Jchn Clark Leer, Jr.I he annual Christmas hop was givenby the young Men's Dancing ClubThursday night. The gentlemen werevery much in veidence and were herefrom all the surrounding towns, however here were but few ladies present. It is claimed by some that this isdue to the fact that no special -effortwas put tortn by the home boys. Themusic was furnished by the WrightSaxophone Trio, of Colubmus, O.While the number of couples wassmall the dance in many respects wasone of the best ever given. Everybodyhad plenty nf room and at no time wasthe floor crowded. The following wereamong the number of out of townladies present: Misses Etta Duchemin,Cincinnati ; Ha Lee Harris, Nolan, W.Va, ; Rena Crosdale, Paris ; BlantonCollier, Cynthiana and Glenn Arthur,Mayslick.Fine Box Candies.We have the swellest line of boxcandies we have ever had for the holiday trade.x J. E. CRAVEN.Swell Line.I We have just received the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts.x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.Fine Wines and Old Liquors.For the finest old whiskies in thebulk and bottled in bond, champagne,rum and wines, cordjela, liquors, etc.,give us a call. We have the goods.Fine stock for the holiday hade.x 13. WLISSBERG.Nothing But the Best.The hest line of staple and fancygroceries can be found at my store.x T. F. ROCHE.Lives in Wrong Town.In commenting on an item publishedin the l'ourbon News last week an exchange has the following"A Paris, Ky., man ,bas filed a petition in bankruptcy and says hisassets are absolutely nothing and hisliabilities are $198,242. That roanshould have lived in London, New Yorkor Chicago. He simply wasted hisability by staying in a country tewnlike Paris, Ky."Prices Bight.We were in Cincinnati last week andhought our stock of Christmas goodsand bought them at the right pricesand will offer them to the public atvery low figures. Buy your fruits,nuts and candies of us and we will saveyou money,x J. E. CRAVEN.Purest o Candies.A complete line of candies that willall stand the pure food test at Howard's. "Kozy" Slippers.Nothing nicer for Christmas than apair of "Kozy" slippers.x GEO. McWILLlAMS.Pictures at Lowest Prices.The niggest line of pictures in Parisat J. T. Hinton's and his prices arethe lowest.Fresh Oysters.Fresh Baltimore Oysters, selectstandard at Shea's.mdMince Meat.Our mince meat is like mother usedto make.C. P. COOK, jPresident Bacon Returns.President J. W. Bacon, of the PaiisBase Ball Club returned yesterdayafter a several days absence from thecity. Mr. Bacon has been on the lookout for several good men for the Paristeam next year and also a manager.He states that he is in communicationwith a man who he thinks would makea fine manager and has forwarded aletter to hira giving the termsCthe clubwill grant. According to Mr. Baconhe has managed before with much success and if satisfactory trems can bemade he will bring several good players to Paris with him next spring.Fancy Fruits.We have 500 pounds of malga grapes75 boxes of oranges and grape fruit,nuts, figs, and raisins to correspond.All fancy.C. P. COOK.Fancy Fruits.Fancy apples, oranges,nuts, etc., at Shea's.grapes,Baskets of Fruit.Order your lady one of those fancybaskets of fruit at Howard's.Fancy Fruits, 4cAll kinds of fancy baskets fittedwith fruits, candies, etc., for Christmas.x FEE'S.-i - r?Magowan tfill Retire.The Directors of the MontgomeryCounty Fair Association have purchased of James R. Magowan, thePresident, his stock in the enterprise,and the stock was bought for redistribution and will be resold. Mr. Magowan will retire from the Presidency,and his successor will be chosen atthe January meeting, as well as a newSecretary elected, Mr. W. C. Hamiltondeclining to stand for re-election. Mr.Magowan will devote all his time tohis large buisness interests, and willcampaign an extensive stable nextyear.Dressed Turkeys.Gall Shea's for dressed turkeys,ducks and chickens.Christmas Wines.Champagne and oil other kinds ofwines both domestic and imported.All the best brands on the market,x TURF EXCHANGE.Swell Line.We have just received the swellestline of fancy box candies ever broughtto Paris. Suitable and acceptable forChristmas gifts.x CRYSTAL ICE CREAM PARLOR.Carlisle's New Depots.Work will begin seen on the newpassenger and frieght depots of the L.& N. railroad in Carlisle. The authorities have the plans and it is said theyhave been asking for bids from contractors. The two depots were destroyed in the big fire at Carlisle last Mayand only small shacks have been provided since that time for depots.8. i1 Suggestions. IA visit to our store vill offer many suggestions as to appropriate and useful articlesfor gifts.. We have:Steel Roller Beaten Biscuit Makers,Brass and Japanned Fire Screens, "'t;Brass Fire Sets and Coal Hods, -Ice and Roller Skates,Velocipedes, Flyer Sleds, Steel Wagons, "-..Gillette, Durham and Enders Safety Razors,Rogers. 1847 Knives, Forks and Spoons,Carving Sets, Fruit Knives and many useful articles,which will appeal to the housewife.FORDt iZm:mim '&tLlipiisktJB TIICopyrteM, 1911, by the Standard Advertising Co.MOST Christmas gifts tarnish with time and linger onlyin mpmnw Ivnf fVovaout as .an aid to character building, and that is abank account. If you would make the recipient truly""rrji f1- '-'t""- w.v.wwwixi.done with a dollar or more.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT BANKt Capital $1 00,000riiiReseluticns.RESOLUTIONS ON THE D"EATH OF HENRY .FRENCH.T?fliVrmo TW?crp TCniffhtS Of PvthiaS,."at its meeting Thursday night, adoptedthe following resolutions:To the officers and members of Rath--boneLodge, No. 12, Knights ofPythias: ,,,.--Dear Brethren: Henry French s life .is ended. His connection, with this"Lodge has been severed by death, andno more will we welcome him in our,.Castle Hall. His career as a Pythi&nris now completed; the story of his.labors has been told. Cut short in thefullness of a splendid manhood, wemourn for our brother and are deeplygrieved because of his untimely anoTtragic death. It behooves this Lodgeto enter on record an expression of its.,sympathy; therefore be it jResolved, That the members o'Rathbone Lodge, No. 12, K. of P.'while acquiescing in the will of a divine.Providence, denlore his death, and ex-press their heartfelt sympathy for his"grief stricken wife and sorrowingfriends. -That we esteem him as an upright. "citizen; a loyal Pythian and an exemplar of Pythian principles.That a copy of this document be-placed on our records, a copy mailed tothe wife of our deceased brother, andour Hall be draped in mourning for aperiod of thirty days, as a mark oCrespect to hi3 memory. vP. J. McCord, .--C. W. FOTHERGILL,Thos. A. McDonald, ,,t-Committee. 'Plain Figures.A. F. Wheeler & Co. have marked ir?plain figruee.& CO.4&94&&$GO $m$.i m 1 i-ic rmo -iVi" loofo n-nA olii-nr.-j.jl mm ui nci. jluis can ueOF PARSurplus $309000$bVl.tlAUAJlui fil u.lB'Jr-yvT-j-TT -,wwiuJlMJ-riii1JWmnMMiiffmrnK3VwErji. "!ii- s.r- jU-2 c.--T