THEBOURBONNEWS."IhPUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY ANDFRIDAY INTHE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1911.1.ISemi-Weekly specialsAt ThelJw3StoreThursday, Oct 12,$3.50 Comforts, at Halfprice, $1 .75. 1 to customer.Sale from 9 to a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.1e3$NOTE -- A sample line of Ladies' TailoredSuits to be closed out at very low prices.V 'r'4"r'ri We Save. You Money! II As We Sell For Cash Only , .W - : W( Standard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs $1.00 VW Pure Hog Lard, per lb 12 l-2c WS'J White Bacon, per lb 10c Wh Fat Bacon, per lb 12c vrjfjfc Breakfast Bacon in the piece, per lb . . ."" -. 20c M$ Lenox Soap, 3 bars .:... .r:.v 10c ffVf? Lenox Soap, 8 bars ' , 25c tik$ LeioxSoap, 17 bars....-...-....?.1. ..'.,. '.:.....' 50c TA- Argo Starch, 3 boxes . . . 1 .. . -. . .. 10c Jyj Blueing, 2 boxes 5cThe best Gun Powder Tea, per lb '. 75c f !ThemtLMtle Rock School Dedicated.'The model school at Little Ropkthis county was dedicated with appropriate exercises Saturday, and theoccasion was one, of -great "interest tothe people of that community.The school building kas been underconstruction for severaTmonttjs.neat frame structure is ninetylong and is surrounded by a campus offour aeries. It has a steel roof andwill ba heated by a furnace that hasbeen installed at a cost of more than$3,500.The interior is divided iflto three.rooms, "separated by accordiori door?,which when opened the entire building isc onverted into a large and comfortable auidtorium.The school will be divided into tengrades. Prof , B. M. Roberts, recentlyof Richmond, will serve in the capacity of principal and he will be assistedby Miss Daisy Dettwiller and MissEvans. Miss Emma Bryan will havecharge of the musical department. Abeautiful piano for this departmnntwas purchased a few days ago fromthe Morehead Music Co., of this city.In spite of the inclement weather alarge crowd attended the dedicatoryexercises over which Elder E. K. Hochpresided. Following is the order ofexercises iHymn "All Hail the Power ofJesus' Name."Invocation Elder J. W. Ligon,North Middletown.2 Address Professor George W. Chapman, principal of the Paris HighSchool.Chorus Boys and Girls of theSchool, "Kentucky Schools."Address Professor Dean Squir s,Principal of the Carlisle GradidSchool.AmericaAddress Professor B. M. Roberts.Dedicatory Address and PrayerElder Carey E. Morgan, Paris, "GodBe With You 'Till we meet Again."Hon. Green R. Keller, of Carlisle,and Judge DenisJDundon, of Paris, expected to be present, but were prevented. In sending his regrets JudgeDundon offered to present a flag to thpschool in lieu of an address.In addition to the graded work cfthe school there is a manual trainingdepartment in a separate buildingthis was made possible by the liberality of Mr. Catesby Spears, of Paris,who offered $500 as a prize to theBourbon county cshool which wouldcome nearest 10 complying with" certain requirements. Cooking, sewingand carpentry will be taught, a carpenter's bench has been donated, byMr. George Erion, of Paris. t$$?The Bourbon County School1' Improvement League was represented byMrs. Nellie Highland, Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, Mrs. Robert Goggin andMrs. Wm. Myall, who with Elder C.E. Morgan, Professor Cbapman.n(Mr. Wm. HowarlTwere entertained- b$Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Soper.2 6WE KNOW HOW"1 JHIIHI M i HERED GOOSESWhat is the RED GOOSE? It is a boy's shoethat will never wear out, and will keep his feet drygoing to school this winter. Our Boys' ClothingDepartment is filled with this special line of Shoes,which we have bought so you won't have to buy 5new shoes every two months. Take a look at ourwindow and remember the Red Goose.BOYS' CLOTHINGin all the new colors, single breasted and doublebreasted coats, Knickerbocker pants, made withdouble seat and knees.Everything For Boysyou can find at our store, as we are the only store in town that has ajspecialjdepartment for little fellows.Boys, Come in and Ask About the Red GooseBanks in the Window.Mitchell & Blakemore,is(isasi.A rJactraMt Farm nf AjyrtinnGood Quality Gun Powder Tea, per lb .f . ?. ..-,.. -50c V!f i The loo acre farm of T. s. Shannor,. . , - o-i nn iXi on the Ruddells Mills pike will be soldpreserving rears, per ou s. vuASBLUE RIBBON ,The Flour of QualityYou Have Tried the Rest, Now Try the Best.Blue Hibbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55r. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,wIOutfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyiiii)(ij:tat public auction on Thursday, October19. At the same time his stock, cropand farming implements will be sold.Bedford Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reportsthe sale of Frank P. Bedford, whichtook place Friday near Elizabeth, asfollows: iged mules $40 to $115 perhead; yearling muie3 S75 per head;Brood sows, $15 to $30 ; milch cows,$40 to $80 ; sheep. $3 per head ; chickens, 35 to 40 cents each ; ducks, $2 apair geese, 50 cents to $1.25 each ;gray eagle, $1.25 ; corn in crib, $4.19per barrel ; hams, 20 cents per pound;bacon, 13 1-2 cents per pound ; farming implements sold well. Attendancegood.Nicely Located Farm at Auction.Be sure and attend the sale of the100 acre Shannon Farm on the Ruddells Mills pike, Thursday, Octboer 19,and his stock, crop and farming implements.511 EOI I II ! !1I1 1111 MAISIf LL1 lUIlII 1 1 II 1 1 III I II i I IILI II 1 1 1 1 III II IIII 11 II 111 II I Mil 1IIU1 II III! 1 1 III 1111 III I UJ M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 III II 1 TI 1 JMmw!FRANK & CO.'The Store Where Reliability Reigns.300 Newest Style Coats and Hats Just Received.f 1ML .Come in and 'Take a Lookwjii5 .45.r3ft3fc SfeSk r.r.3fo2.n35 :'rf&etM38AjCgBoys Clothing!We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$250 to $1 0.OOin alljhe latest colors and stylesslmW&WmsamWMmrmOffer For Your Inspection the Greatest and Best Line ofSUITS, CLOAKS AND SKIRTS "Ever Shown in Central Kentucky t v"Vr-y'Boys' Hats,' Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.rmwmmm5r-Iwviiviamm&SKKXGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.?2Resolutions on- R. J. Neely.i" Whereas, Robert J. Neely, one of! the most respected of all our citizens,and who since the reorganization ofthe Bourbon County Agricultural Society, has honored this institution byserving as first vice preisdent of itsBoard cf Directors, departed from thislifp on the 27th day of September,1911, and whereas by the death of Mr.Nely this society has suffered the lossof one than who it has never had arrore sincere and earpest sympatnizer,or more devoted worker in the interestof its various causes ; and this Boardof Directors, and each of its members,realize a sense of pergonal bereavement in the loss of one whose friendship was so highly esteemed, andwhose judgment and advice never intruded, but kindly and generouslygiven when requested, were of thegreatest value to us til, now therefore,Be it resolved by the BDard otDireetds Jof the Bourbon CountyAgricultural Society, in meeting assembled this September 30th, 9113,that the death of Robert J Neely habtaKen from us one of oi r rrost valuedmembers, from this scciety one of .sitsmost devoted friends, and from tl 8community one of its most activesympathizers with every cause at dinterest having in view the betermentand uplift ?of all conditions und rwhich we live.Q Resolved, farther, that this Boardof Directors Eftid each of its members,hereby extend sincerest sympathy toMrs. Neely, in this hour of distressand grief, and that the Secretary be,and is hereby directed to send her acopv of these resolutions under thesignatures of the President and Secretsrv ' . C. M. THOMAS,N. F. BRENT,r:- F. P. LOWRY."c-' ' Committee.SUITS-At $15.00, $20.00, $25.00 and $35.00These are values that mean a saving to you of fromSlO.Ofa on a suit.52.50 toGOATS-At $10.00, $12.50, $15.00; $20.00 and $25.00, " A full assortment of Black Cloth Coats and all the new larget . Collar and double faced effects. Also the popular Reversible CoatsSKIRTS-At $3.98, $5.00, $7.50 up to $15.00 each 'An elegant selection of the season's most popular styles inCorduroys, Fancy Materials. Serges and Panamas.,oj .SHOESIn Velvets, Satins, tSuede, , Patent and Quh. -Metals vf orand Misses. - & v4a'diessfMILLBNERY-Complete line of Suit- Hats at popular prices.-' Frank & Co.Paris,Kentucky:3V-r!v1VHY.riCr-?SkiiuiiiiiniuiiiiirirawunKiiiiMuiiiiiiMuiiiniiiiniumHiuiiniiiutiuiiiuiuiinuiiumiiiiiimmuHtmirniiBmtiinixMMitW000iikH$$$J3 -Tw'tir?THE BOURBON HEWS, fARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT, 10, 1911.i f? tiW:hr iakVRVVVVMa2STCIIWOMJnHJllVfriMUJlkTjl" ''Zcfi3iSIThey never need repairs, never need any attention in fact except anoccasional coat of paint. They're Fireproof Stormproof and suitablefor- all kinds of buildings. For further detailed information apply to' MILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.55ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMEIOWRY & TALBOTTIPsiris, KentuckyS3$33BourbonD.WIS & FUNK, Props.'W Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.to -&(its(isfits'AS-i&m-ASBourbon Laundry,Pari5?KentuckyTo My Friends and Home: People:I have started a Tilagazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowest'prices on ail Mapazires in circulation. I ssk for jour ordersand help in getting them from,your ii Sends.Sincerely,Mrs Rosa V. VYaliinsford.NOTICE.T,To whom it may concern: I will onor after October 3, 1911, make an application to the State Board of Prison- Commissioners of Frankfort, Kyi, fora paiole for Wat. Stafford, row confin-, ed in the penitentiary at Frankfort,Ky., having been convicted in the' Bourbo Circuit Court for wilfully andmaliciously cutting another person. without killing fpH person.r3twy WAT. STAFFORD.l Excursion!Paris, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return?l-wt-PX.1VIA'.Sunday, Oct. 15, '11, fare $1.50 Round Trip.- Special train leaves Paris 7 :50 a. m.,"-returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St., station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only on8?cial ti&in in both directions.,7 Foe further inform ation apply to, W. H. HARRIS. Agent- : Q GrN.il DRAKE. T. A.fPl Mwill not be yours unless youhave a parlor steve as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. - They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you eyer saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.Laundry!A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.MrifififfifftsMidnight in the OzarksVf and yet sleepless Hiram Scranton, ofClay City, 111., couched and coughed.He was in the mourn a'ns on the advice of five doctors, vho said he badconsumption, but found no help inthe climate and staited home. Hearing of Dr." King's New I discovery, hebegan to u-e it. ' I believe it savedmv life," he writes, "for it made anew mai' of mo s that I can now dogood ork sigain " For all lung disease, coughs, colds, lagrippe, asthma,cioup, whooping cough, bay fever,hemonhages, hoarseness or quinsyits the best known remedy. Pi ice 50cand $1. Trial bottle 'free. 'Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Kicked by a Mad Horse.Samuel Birch, of Beetown. Wis..had a narrow escape from losing hi3leg, as no doctor could head thefrightful sore that developed, but atlast Bucklen's Arnica Salve cured itcompletely. It's the greatest healerof ulcers, burns, boils, eczema, scaldscuts, corns, eold sores, bruises andpiles on earth. Try it. 25c at Oberdorfer's. NO REASON FOR DOUBTA Statement of Facts Backed bya Strong Guarantee.We guarantee complete relief to ailsufferers from constipation, or, inevery case where we fail, we willsupply the medicine free.Rexall Orderlies are a gentle, effective, dependable and safe bowel iegulator, strengthener and tonic. They-aim to re-establish nature's functionsin a quiet, easy way. They do notcause inconvenienct;,griping or nausea.They are so pleasant to take andwork so easily that they may be takenby anyone at any time. They thoroughly tone up the whole system tohealthy activity.JURexall Orderlies are unsurpassableand ideal for the use of children, oldfolk and delicate persons. We cannotloo highly recommend them to allsufferers f rom'any kind of constipationand its attendant evils. Three sizes,10 cents, 25 cents and 50 cents. Rememrer, you can obtain Rexall Remeies in this community enly at ourstcre The Rexall Store. G. S. Vaflen & Son, F&ris, Ky. f 4jnTHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoince as. Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 188 J 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday,ONE YBAB,$.00 I, Payable inWill Judge 0'Rear Answer TheseQuestions.Ollie James continues to ask JudgeO'Rear embarrassing questions. Hequotes from a stenographic reportprinted in the. Lexington Leader, astrong Republican newspaper, JudgeO'Rear's charge, which is as follows ;"The lobbyists not only bribe members of the Legislature to protect theirinterests, but they ELECT UnitedStates Senators and decide elections.They hava elected them in Kentuckyas well as in Illinois, Ohio, West Virgnia and Colorado. Illinois is not theonly State that has a Legislative jackDot." Mr. James wants to know in thename of the dead and living Kentuckians who have been thus assailed,who this particular Senator was. Hehas s right to have this questionanwsered. If he referred to Bradley(and therejs proof that he had thisSenator in mind) then Judge O'Rearshould be honest and brave enough tosav so. If he meant Bradley, howcould he arise in the Republican Convention, and, in defiance of decency,make this statement:"It i a great privilege to be received in tms manner by tne representatives of 237.000 Republicans of Kentucky, and to be introduced to thisaudience by my friend,"; the Senator,who, in my 3udgment, is the greatestliving Kentuckian. I am proud to sayof him, furthermore, that despite themachinations of the lobby, here is oneSenator from Kentucky on whose titlethere is no stain and on whose recordthere is no blot."We will "supplement Mr. James'Inquiry with another. We want JudgeO'Rear to answer if it is true that'after making that speech SenatorBradley called him to .account for it,and told him that if he were not careful he would force him (Bradley) toask.for an investigation by the United IStates Senate that would oost him '$25,000. Is it not -a fact, that after!being thus hauled over the coals byBradley that Judge O'Rear tried to'square himself by publicly giving the !Senator a certicfiate of character, and 'placing a halo about his orow?What do the friends of temperancethink of a candidate for Governor whowith one hand smites the "CorruptLobby" and with the other calls downbenedictions upon the man who gained ja seat in the Senate by the support ofthis same "Corrupt Lobby," whoseprincipal busineasfor the last twentyfive years has been to prevent the extension of the County Unit.Mr. Watterson Takes His Pen inHand.The editor of the Courier-Journal haswritten several strong editorials calling on his fellow-Democrats to fall ' inline and support the Democratic ticket.He generously puts behind himdifferences of opinion, forgetting whatever personal disappointments he mayfeel, in the wish that his party mayachieve success. Mr. Watterson recognizes that a defeat in Kentucky thisyear would mean a long tenure ofoffice for the Republicans, and that itwould lay the foundation for Republican victory in the nation next year.For these reasons he is willing towaive his personal views, that thewhole party may profit by the .gettingtogether of all the discordant elements. Mr. Watterson is rightly regarded asthe ablest editors in America. Hisopinions are quotel more than those of' any other man who wields a newspaperpen ia this country. Kentucky is proudof his talent, and wide recognitionthat hi3 genius has received. Hisparty is always glad to have him leading the cause, for he is a good fighter,and when he turns his thirteen-inchguns loose in the editorial columns, theenemy never fails to run up the whiteflag and surrenderThe Courier-Journal has been givinglargely of jts space to reports ofDemocratic meetings and speeches,thus lending material aid tothe Democratic Campaign Committee. Nowthat Mr. Watterson his supplementedthis with a hearty editorial support,there is no doubt that Kentucky willgo Democratic in November.'NO. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvancefi.ooDEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof Crittenden'sFor GovernorJAMES B. McCREARY ,of Madison, iTor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor Auditor"HENRY BOS WORTHof Fayette vFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CREOELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public Instruction NBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR.L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAY .O'Rear Approves Raise in TaxesOne of the most flagrant violationsof campaign pledges was the raid uponthe taxpayers organized by GoveronrWillson to cover up his extravagance,and carried into effect undet his ordersby his Board of Equalization. Havingwasted morev than one quarter of amillion dollars of the people's vmoneyin foolishly exploiting the Statemilitia, he paid the piper 6y increasingthe taxable value of farm lands intwo years, $92,029,431. The Durden, asusual, fell upon the farmers, the verypeople to whom Judge O'Rear is nowappealing for help, although GovenorWillson's administration, which wasrepsonsible for this increase meetswith Judge O'Rear's hearty commendation. Governor McCreary asked JudgeO'Rear the direct question, if he approved this.'raise of nearly one hundredmillion dolars on the farm lands of thestate, and it must be said to JudgeO'Rear's credit, that he was frankenough to admit that he did approveof it. He said that his political advisers had told him that it would be adangerous thing to endorse, but thathe thought it was lawful, and that hebelieved the Republican officials actedhonestly under their oath of office.It logically follows that if JudgeO'Rear is elected Govrenor, and runsthe State in debt.as all his Republicanpredecessors have done, he will followGovernor Willson's method of emptying the pockets of the farmers, becausehis Board of Equalization has theauthority under the law to put a nyburden on them that is necessary tosupport the extravagance of theadministration.Electric Bells Protect Orchards.So familiar have electric bells become to most of us that even theirsound at unexpected times or in unusual places rarely startles us. Notso with birds, to which the suddenringing of a bell on a tree or a postmeans something far more uncannythan any scarecrow flapping In thewind. Knowing this, the head master. of an Austrian school haspatented an( electric scarecrow systenmn which aclock makes the connections at irreg'ular Intervals to electric bells scattered over the orchard.Lined Nest With Bank Notes.A pair of swallows of Fleberbrunn.In the Tyrol, have stolen a numbor ortenkronen bank notes to line theirnests.Didn't Land as He Expected."I did not expect to come down thisway," was the only remark made byJoseph Kinward, of Tarrytown. NewYork, after falling from a height of150 feet, striking a guarvd wire, turning, a complete somersault and landing,on his feetNot SistersNow and agam you see two women passing down the street who look .like sisters.You are astonished to learn that they aremother and daughter, and you realize thata woman at forty or forty-five ought to beat her finest and fairest. "Why isn't it so ?The general health of woman is so intimately associated with the "local healthof the essentially feminine organs thatthere can be no red checks and roundform where there is female weakness.Women yvhd have suffered fromthis trouble have found promptrelief and cure in the use of Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It gives vigor and vitality to thorgams of womanhood. It clears the complexion, brightens theyes and reddens the cheeks.No. alcohol, or habit-forming drugs is contained in "Favorite Prescription."Any sick woman may consult Dr. Pierce by letter, free. Every letter isheld as sacredly confidential, and answered in a plain envelope. Address:World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr, R.V. Pierce Pres., BufFalo, N.Y.GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAl DIRECIOB AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.'aai(at55SgtSTgag,iygagec"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot'of satisfied customers. TryDodson & DentonPARIS. KY.s9Q3&xbEast Tenn. Telephone Co,INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour- 'bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Xittle7 RockRuddles Mills."When you have EastHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedAnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContract! ngandBuilding ; Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years,, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHfftel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERNever Out o! Work.The busiest little thing fiver madeare Dr. King's New Life Pills. Everypill is a sugar-coated glocule of healththat changes weakness into strength,languor into edergy, brain fag intomental power; curing constipation,headace, chills dyspepsia, malaria.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Rule for Success.Having begun in one line, nesolveto fight it out on that line, to lead inlit; adopt every improvement, havethe best machinery, and know the"most about it. Andrew Carnegie.Saved His Mother's Life."Four doctors had given me up."writes Mrs. Laura Gaines, of Avoca,La., "and my children and all myfriends were looking for me to die,when my son insisted that Iuse Electric Bitters. I did so and they havedone me a world of good. I will always prise them." Electric Bittersis a priceless blessing to women troubled with fainting and dizzy spells,backache, headache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney disorders. Use them and gain new healthstrength and vigor. They're guaranteed to satisfy or money refundedOnly 50a at Oberdorfer's.-,-and be satisfied.anTennesseeservice youProfessional CardsJ.J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jE. T. 136.Home 136.ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up StairsOverJVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELTJER,Practicing Physician,Offices,'Rooms"Paris,and 5, Elk's Bld'g- KentuckyHot and ColdBAT IISHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits.. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Fruit and Shade Trees.mkShrubi, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Peonies,Roses, Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agent?.Our prices may interest you. Fieecatalogue.H. F.iHILLENMEYER & SNS,3 oct 2ra Lexnigton, Ky4$iSt.'tn.t K'Uv-V.-.f.,-V. 'styiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, OTT. 10, 181 J.Srf TwoDropso!Blood,The Mysteries pfMenDiseamJ(Revetted by a Complete Ltboritory Exmmatioi) -IfYou Want to Know the Truth, See Old Dr. DolleASSOCIATE SPECIALIST OP CINCINNATI MEN-5PECIALIST COMPANY. 'Dti't Wilt until you are Indicted and Sentenced and the Gates of Heilth Closed Against YobTwoQuKceiefUriieI WANT A TALK WITH YOUin reference to that which shouldconcern every man more than allthe money in the world Health,Heritage and Success.What is true of your physicalcondition must be reflected in themtuNow, the facts are, you havekown me directly or indirectly for18 years here in Cincinnati, andyou have watched and waited to -seemy efforts revolutionize thepractice of my specialty.Now, if my 22 years of expen-well-being of your children for c.i. dolle. ence is worth anything to you,future generations. A nation si. D, if the services of the best laborathat dies may be "born again" in 885.VJ't? tory in the city of Cincinnati is- - ' ri 'K-ir&AinL. - . m .frf-V -kv4-l-. r 4-"k - . t-Mnuiiu diiy cuiiig iu yyju. ax cueremedies I have perfected, and whicha physical sense, and may yethand down a Heritage that is worthmore than all the wealth it may haveproduced.In preserving your blood cells we arehelping to shape the destiny of futuregenerations, and the few dollars we leavebehind will count for but little comparedto the vital spark that flows throughthe blood stream of men who do thingsright.The time has come for you to decidewhether you will be the man that Natureintended or will permit yourself to bedeluded "to be cast into the scrap pile."Your first duty is self-preservationTruth is eternal. Your Heritage is yourgreatest asset.If the underlying principles upon whichmy SPECIFIC BLOOD CELL REMEDIES were perfected had not been right18 years ago they would not be right today. I believe if you had your troublelast year you still have the resulting weakness this year, and the fact that I was unable to secure your confidence shouldcause me all the more concern in makingan honest and sincere effort to have yousee the right way to do justice by yourself.have been endorsed by the best authorsin the world are worth anything to youif one of the best hospitals in the city ofCincinnati, if needed, is worth anything toyou, all of which can be had without adollar if needed. I know this shouldcause you to have but one opinion, andthat is, that I have shown a dispositionto do a hundred times more than you arewilling to do for yourself. - ,If you place no value on your healthand Heritage, I am talking to the wrongman, but if you do believe what I havesaid and you are willing to make an effortto help yourself there is n just reasonwhy you should feel that you cannotafford to protect that which is worth ahundred times more than all the moneythat you have or will make.Are you willing to hand your heritagedown from generation through your children? Look at the thousands of menwho are paying the price of their ancestors' indiscretions. Let us cure you ?loi s 1uVitalFactsOF INTEREST TOEveryiilman: 7Let Me Send You This BookFREE. "While countless thousands have already written for this book,and are now well and happy because of the same, still there are yetthousands of others who need just such valuable information asthis book of Dr. Dolle's contains. No diseased man should fail toget this book now, because it is sent free of any cost, and is notonly interesting and instructive, but tells men how to avoid diseases and weakness, the cause and cure, and how they can make theclimb of life with strength and health to wealth, honor, happiness, and why some men are failures, miserable; the completebook sent upon application, free, scaled, by mail.If in or near this city, take time to drop in our office that youI may have a complete, thorough and free Examination. No chargeJ for professional advice, either at office or by mail.Houbs : 9 to 12; 1 to 4. Sundays, 9 to 1. Three nights a week:Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nights, 7 to 8.SEND US THIS COUPON TODAY.CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST CO., 521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati:Dr. Dolle and Associate Specialists: Please forward me your Book, asadvertised, free.NAME9ltt J W WlADDRESS(This Book will not be sent unless you mention this newspaper.).x,mimFr.No Patient Charged MoreTiianWhatHeis Glad and WillingTo PayWe simply want the opportunity of showing every man suffering from INFECTION, BLOOD POISON, SKIN DISEASES, NERVOUSNESS, RHEUMATISM,KIDNEY AND BLADDER COMPLICATIONS, ENLARGED VEINS (WEAKBLOOD VESSELS), WEAK ORGANS, that he can only be made strong by andthrough the blood stream; also, that no "salves," suspensory bandages, washes toapply night and morning, or gallons of "dope" taken internally or externally willCURE VARICOCELE, HYDROCELE, PILES and STRICTURE, but that OURMETHOD, without knife or danger to life in any way, will CURE IN ONETREATMENT one visit and the patient leaves this institute CURED for life.We know that we can give him new life, new hope, and restore him back to healthand happiness. We know that every man will pay after we have eliminated everytrace of disease from his system, therefore we say to all diseased men test ourtreatment at OUR EXPENSE until you are satisfied to pay our very smallcharges besides all sufferers should bear in mind this important matter; HEREthey get the attention not only of Dr. Dolle personally, but of several SPECIALISTSin each case without extra charge. What ONE of US does not know, some ofthe other associated STAFF DOES. Our practice is large, our cures are scatteredall throughout this great city, this state and neighboring states; our Institute hereis as finely and completely equipped as money will make it. We offer diseased menall that a reputation of almost a score of years experience in this city carries withit, honesty, reliability, skill, and all for a very moderate charge, in reach of any andall sufferers. Fill out thecoupon above or call today. Don't wait until "tomorrow."NOMONEY REQUIRED TO COMMENCE TREATMENT. Address or call onCINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST CO. (ft3S5a-)52l Walnut St.-2?&j&?fi?HwfGENILEMANSSHOEFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPateiit Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.&.- t-rm W IvH5Geo. IVFWillams,WHY CHILDREN TELL STORIESEgotism and Vanity Are Chief Causesof Falsehoods and Habit IsDifficult One to Cure.Boston. How lying children can becured and the habit prevented wastold by Rev. Robert Swickerath, S. J.,professor of pedagogy In Holy Crosscollege, In one of ten lectures he delivered before the Catholic teachers'Institute which closed recently at Boston college."Liars must not be taken either toolightly or too seriously," he said, "butevery means must be taken by educators to cure them."Prevention he regards as more important than "the actual curing, yet inevery case lying will crop out fromtime to time, requiring the utmostcare, prudence, vigilance and tact ofthe best teachers. Said he:"Lying should .above all, be prevented. Much can be prevented ,byprudence and tact and by systematictreatment of children. If a child hascaused any disturbance and the teacher, especially one who is known toinflict Invariable severe punishments,angrily charges him with the offense,the ehild will usually deny the deedin sheer excitement. One lie leadsto another."A teacher as a rule should notImmediately insist on arguing thecase but await a better opportunity,until the child has calmed down. Ateacher who is generally sympathetic,patient, judicious in inquiries, reasonable in punishment, will seldom betold a lie."It is much, more difficult to assigngeneral remedies for the cure of thehabit of lying. Here, as in othercases, a specific remedy yis needed.It is imoprtant to "know that the liesare different according to" the sourcefrom which they flow."The most common of all lies isthat arising from sheer egotism. Liesare used to shield one from censureand punishment as the umbrella isemployed to protect one from rainand hail. Sometimes Che source isvanity; children boast at times evenof wickedness, to appear bold beforecomrades."It is certain that some given tolying, when once thoroughly aware ofthe disgracefulness of this habit, conceived such a horror against it thatthey became disgusted with everything dishonest and developed characters known, for uprightness and honesty."JSuperior Eidires.l.is ?vSOLD IV5&Tr Lumber Co.Before yon spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It willpost you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etc.Superior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and Readingengineers, contractors, and dealers, i InsKt onSuperior.Uaioa Trast BailcUas, Ciacxaaati, O.Justus ColliM, President.iThe Superior Portland Cement Co.THE SHARP-,SHOOTERBy IVAN VRONSKYM1 ,mmimmmCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.HAREMS ARE FEW IN TURKEYMistaken Idea That Each HusbandTakes Advantage of Plural Marriages Polygamy Is Rare.Constantinople. There exists inEurope and America a mistaken notion that almost every married Turkhas several wives, that he is at liberty to marry as many times as helikes, and that it is for him just aseasy to divorce a wife as to changean overcoat. Polygamy in Turkey isthe exception, and not the rule, themajority of the Osmanlis having butone wife. In the metropolis itselfpolygamy does not amount to fiveper cent It is rarely met with inother big centers of the Ottoman empire, save among the richest and mostpowerful functionaries, and eventhen plurality of wives is an excep-'tion.The legal number of wives is four.Only the padishah and caliph is allowed to have more, being' a personbeyond and above limitations and restrictions of that kind. The prophetMohammed had seven wives, and Ali,the fourth in the succession of thecaliphate, had nine.One of the chief causes of the plurality of wives being so rare amongthe Turks is that, while the prophetand the Koran permit the faithfulworshipers of Islam to marry, -fourtimes, they also provide strict injunctions of a religious and ethical nature, which every Mussulman has toadhere to if he doesn't want to beexcommunicated from the fold oforthodox Islamism. Thus, a Turkwho is desirous of contracting 'a second marriage is bound b an explicitlaw to provide for his new life companion a separate dwelling place! inevery respect similar to that of hisfirst wife, as well as an equal number of slaves and servants.FAMOUS OLD HOTEL IS SOLDStar and Garter of Georgian Days NoLonger Paying Venture Be Converted Into Modern Inn.London. The famous old Star andGarter hotel at Richmond, wherelords and ladies of the olden timesdanced and made merry, was sold, afew days ago for $90,000.This hotel was the magnet of fash-,ion from the time, that Lady Betty,guided to it by her link boys, metthere, the beaux of Georgian days, until the coming of the automobile madethe distance between It and London soshort that persons went to hotels further afield and forced the proprietorsto close the doors.The new purchasers, however, believe that, converting it into a modernhotel, they will be able to renew itsprosperity by catering to those whowish to be near enoiVgh to London toreach the city- In a short time and yetbe "far from the madding crowd."Sees Record 'Wheat Crop. .Minenapolis, Minn. E. J. Weiser,a Fargo banker, sent to Frank E. Holton, a Minneapolis banker, an estimate of the crop of North Dakota, inwhich he places the wheat productionat' 80,000,000 bushels, the greatest inthe history of the state, vwith the exception of the crop of 909. vWhen the Japanese were besiegingPort Arthur there were a number ofwomen and children shut up in thefortress. Singularly enough, they .-werethere, the women by their own consent and the children by the consentof their, parents. Discipline "was verylax among the Russians, and a numberof the officers preferred to have theirfamilies with them to being separated from them. General Stoessel.the Russian commander, set the example by having his own wife in PortArthur, so it was not remarkable thatothers followed suit. It is said that anumber of children during the siegewere playing about in the fortress andsometimes among the guns on the ramparts, exposed to shot and shell. Butthe enlisted men were not allowed tohave wives or children with them.Sergeant Boris Tomsky was a gunner of renown. He was in charge ofone of the big guns on Two Hundredand Three Meter hill and did moredamage to the Japanese with hispiece than any gunner in the Russianarmy.With Tomsky was a young sharpshooter named Alexis Petroff. a deadshot, who did most of the rifle work,picking off Japanese who were working guns that w'ere doing especial damage. While the sergeant was fining immense balls from his pet cannon in aneffort to silence some Japanese gunthat if left alone would surely makean important breach. Petroff would bepicking off ne by one the gunners thatwere directing the firing.Petroff was a mere boy. Not a hairhad shown itself on his face, not evena bit of down. That on his head wasof the lightest of the light northernhue, while his eyes were a corresponding azure. He seemed very much attached to the big man who directed thebig gun. with his shocky hair andbeard and fierce mustacbios. Indeed,each seemed fitted for his especialwork, Tomsky to send forth the greatcanuon balls, weighing a couple of hundred pounds, Petroff to dispatch thethin leaden bullets.Tomsky kept on dismounting gunsand doing other damage to the Japanese until he became famed among hiscomrades for the most useful singleman in the Russian army. They usedto say. "If all our generals could beturned into Tomsky gunners the Japanese would never take Port Arthur.''But at last the Japs got on to thefact that this wholesale destruction oflife and ordnance was due to one man.and they were not long in locating thebig gunner on Two Hundred and ThreeMeter hill. Then they called for oneof the best sharpshooters in the armyand, pointing out Tomsky to him, ordered the Jap to eliminate the big Russian. Once the gunner was locatedand a sharpshooter especially detailedto kill him he had not long to live. Ithappened that after he was pointedout he did not show himself for sometime, but as soon as he did he receiveda bullet in his forehead that finishedhis career.The grief of his assistant at his losswas touching to see. Petroff was affected to tears. The Russian peasantsoldiers, who were more like cattlethanmen, could not understand how a mancould weep. But presently Petroff'sfeelings changed from grief to revenge.His comrades could understand that,and as they saw Petroff take up hisrifle and hug it as if it were a dearchild they looked at one another as ifto say;"Now Petroff is a man again; hewill make the little monkeys pay forkilling the big sergeant"From that time Petroff was alwaysbehind the ramparts watching througha porthole for some Japanese to showhimself. When one did. so but an instant would elapse before he wouldpitch forward or backward, and itwould be discovered by his companions that he had either1 been killed ormortally wounded.Every time Petroff killed a Japanesehe would punch a hole in his cap. Asthe siege went on the holes became'so numerous that there was scarcelyroom enough for them all. In timethey passed the huudred mark. Butthis did nbt satisfy the young marksman, and he went on relentlessly making one Jap after another bite thedust till the surrender came, when hehad 117 holes punched In his cap. iThere 'were 42,000 prisoners takenby the Japs in the surrender of PortArthur. One day when a lot of Russians were lined up to be marched toS transport a woman passed. She wasressed in feminine apparel, except thebig military Russian cap.The ..soldiers laughed and jeered at 'her. Taking off her cap. she held' it up to thelight, shoeing punctures like a clusterof stars. ,"Do you see that?" she said. "Eachhole stands .for a Japanese killed because they killed my husband.""Who was your husband?""Sergeant Tomsky.""And you?"'"Alexis Petroff, his sharpshooter.""What! You Alexis Petroff, thesharpshooter who has killed so manyof the little devils?""Look nt the holes. I have bad oneof the devils for, each bole.""Well, well! And you. being 'a woman, have only to put) on skirts andyou will not have to go to the detestable island.""No: I am going back to Russia tolook after, our children." -" " ,Job PrintingWORE DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work' Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!f rTRE JQB ReOfflS OFTHERRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asiBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.r $TrLet us figure with you pnon your next workOur. facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price' JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces. " V9tu Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.- V 'Advertising rates reasonable' and madeknown on application.ftWiW.Wiiinuiiamf;P-H4;'',v?Hii4v? r - ,Jir-nTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT; 10, vi911.UHti''Irmmmmamm wmmmm mwmmmmmvmmJkAtriTlAll, OlRAt.3 tt W.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYf iff erode' Rid underweariThis Brand HasProven Its Exceptional WorthinessAnd For '.'. Fine Knit UnderwearratModerate PricesEasily Takes First PlaceioilWe Give It Unusual Prominanceecause of These Qualities. ,The name "IVlerode55 has a specialsignificance, being the product of one millknown as the cleanest, airiest factory imaginable 'iferode fmfshed underwearhas the hearty endorsement of thousands ofcritical wearers whose example we invite youto follow. Ask to see the stylesKammaii Straus & 60.LfiXINQTON, KY.If J. T. HINT0N,$ PARIS, KENTUCKYI FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDI EM ALMERAmbulance Service FumigatingBest Equipped Establishment in Central KentuckyBOTH PHONES Day 36FOR GOLDENOLD AGESAVEIHESILVERCopyright IjIO, by the Standard Adt. Co.FOR the wintar of life, he who PROVIDES may indeedU.NJUY old age. There can be no Drettier siVht than aTTIStl wVin IS rifT- in raf3ta O-n1.... ,. .,, i.v,n m jrctxo a.uu.PROVIDE for a GOLDEN OLD AGE.We pay 3 per cent interest on savings accountsDeposit Bank oi Paris.Capital $100,000How About It?It mj also be true that tb roll-C&taere bo rocks.JNIGHT PHONESOld-51 or 22New Go, 22 or 280Jxttt1 - Unn Un1 J.. J. 1wnv ima nau a care Lu.uuiyv.v,Surplus $30,000t4Unwise Extremftfes.Avoid such extremes as a hot headand cold ieet Brains. s v. fu v" Vftfrf&snEfiiVT .,VL W ZratfMdHKfSSMlfHflIHBHH H BMATRIMONIAL.Mr. David Alexander, of this city,and Miss Mary A. Graves, of Henderson, were united in marriage in theparlors of the St. Charles Hotel inMaysville Thursday night, the Rev.Roger L. Clark, of that city, officiat;ng. Mr. Alexander is the popular clerkat the furniture store of A. F. Wheeler& Co., in this city, and is an industrious and popular young gentleman.The bride has been a traveling chiefoperator of the Independent Telephonesystem in Kentucky and spent the pastsummer in Paris where she was engaged in that capacity. A few weeks agoshe was transferred to the office inMaysville.The couple returned to Paris Fridayand will make their future home inthis city.DEATHS.Rev. J. W. McGarvey, Presidentof the College of the Bible of Transylvania University, Lexington, one ofthe oldest ministers in the Christianchurch, noted scholar and author, andprobably the most noted man amongthe Disciples of Christ, died suddenlyFriday night at his home in that city.He was born near Hopkinsville,March 1, 1829, and was in his eightythird year.When young he entered Bethany College at Bethany, Va., then the lpadmgBible school of the Christian church,where he graduatelServices to the memory of PresidentMcGarvey were held at the Christianchurch in this city Sunday evening, being largely attended. Elder Morganpreached the sermon, paying a beautiful tribute to the memory uf tne deceased. The remains of Mrs.- Jimmie A.Cooper, who was killed by a fall froma street car in Los Angeles, Cal., Sunday, October 1, ariived in this cityyesterday morning and were taken tothe home oi her sister, Mrs. W. P.Heathman at Clintbnville. The remains were accompanied by her twosons, Messrs. Ike and Frank Cooper.The funeral will be held at the Clintonville church this afternoon at 2:30o'clock, conducted by Rev. T. H.Reynolds, pastor of the North Middlerown Christian church. Burial inClintonville cemetery.RELIGIOUS.Arrangements are being made bythe young People's Society of Christian Endeavor to conduct the servicesat the Christian church Sunday evening, October 29, at which time shortaddresses will be made on the subjectof Christian Union. The lives andteachings of some of the pioneerpreachers, such as Barton W. Stone,Thomas and Alexander Campbell, willbe discussed, and a program of goodmusic will be rendered.The Christian Board of Missionsmet Friday afternoon in the parlors ofthe Christian church. The Union Missionary Rally, which is in . contemplation, was discussed After the business meeting Mrs. J. W. Hayden tookcharge of the literary program, andexcellent papers were read by Mrs.Thoma Funk, Mrs. Sallie Pullen andMrs. Nathan Bayless. Interesting reports were made by the members whoattended the State.convention recentlyneia acjranKrort.Bourbon Crop Conditions.The rains of the past week havegreatly retarded the work of the farm,especially the cutting and housing ofthe tobacco crop. Farmers have beenletting the tobacco remain in the fieldso as to ripen thoroughly and somedamage has resulted from the wetweather.Fear is entertained of an early frost,but most farmers prefer taking achance as tne crop when cut greencures up dark and is without color orquality.The seeding of wheat and rye progresses slowly as a result of so muchrain. Farmers are buying freely offeeding cattle, as grass was never better at this time of the year.Large Class lor Initiation.Initiation of the largest class in thehistory of the organization of theState will mark the opening of theKentucky Grand Lodge, IndependentOrder of Odd Fellows, which will becalled to order in Louisville in theauditorium of the Seelbach at 9o'clock this morning by Grand MasterX. Gruber, of Shelbyville. This, it isbelieved, will revive interest of thework of the order which, -while making good progress in the State, hasbeen on the wane in the Falls City.Especial interest in the proceedingscenters about the election of the GrandWarden which leads to the highestoffice in the gift of the Grand Lodge.According to custom Grand MasterGruber will become Past GrandMaster ; Otto A. Breith, of Newport,Deputy Grand Master, will succeedhim, and Grand Warden W. U. Carr,of Ashland, will become Deputy GrandMaster.The candidates for the office ofGrand Warden are: Judge JamesDenton, Somerset; M. M. Logan,Brownsville ; J. P. Wheeler, Carrollton; R. B. Franklin, Frankfort; J. T.Simon, Cynthiana; W. T. Botts, Grayson ; W. W." Graft, Hindman ; S. T.Baer, Soldier; B. . Hatfield, Paducah J. T. Ireland, Sanford, andCharles Davis, Barbourville. vThe Kentucky Grand Lodge hasjurisdiction of 404 subordinate lodgesthroughout the State, composed ofitabout 31,000 members. It is - believedthat the class to be initiated todavwill number from 350 to 450 PastGrand Masters, who must receive thisdergee before they are eligible to sitin the Grand Lodge.The meeting in Louisville will continue" for three days, Bourbon LodgeNo. 23 will be represented by the following delegates who will be quartered at the Seelbach : E. B. January,G. W. Chapman, Dr. F. M. Faries,W. C. Dodson, C. Aruspareer. Wm.Kiser. Henry French. James Dauehpr-rtyf James French aid P. J. McCord.No Move in Direction of tfospitalAlthough almost a month has elapsed since the will of Mrs. Anna K.Massie, which devised property located on Vine street.to the city of Parisfor a hospital was probated,; no actionhas been taken in regard to establishing the institution, and the same procrastinatingspirit which has characterized the movement for a number ofyears, still prevails.In connection with leaving her residence for the purpose, Mrs. Massiealso bequeathed the sum of $10,000 tothe institution and this, coupled withthe sum of $5,000 or more in the fundwmch was raised by the BourbonCounty Hospital League, there seemsto be a sufficient fund to finance theinstitution.The only provision in the will ofMrs. Massie, was that the city shouldassume control and maintain the institution. However, with property and asufficient sum of money to set thehospital going, there is a lack of pushhehind the movement. Never in thehistory o the city has the need of ahospital been more clearly evidencedthan during the past few weeks.Typhoid fever is raging in certainsections of the city and with othercases of sickness snowed clearly theAbsolute necessity of an institutionwhere sufferers from the cisease couldbe properly treated. Haidly a wiekpasses that there is not son-eone takento the Lexington hospitals and thecases should be easily handltd htre.The City Council at the next itpuln"meeting should take the matter up andlook into every detail. Paris hae needed a hospital too long to permit a moment to be lost in establishing theinstitution.Real Estate Transfers.The following deeds were lodged forrecord in the office of County ClerkPaton yesterday :W. F. Lilleston to John J. McClntock, hcuse and lot on Lincoln avenue,$1 anrf other conisderations.First Presbyterian church of Paristo Fithian & Daugherty, lot of groundand huilding located on the North sideof East Fifth street, $3,500.Photography.Mr. Core, the Cincinnati photographer, will be at the Elks building inParis, Octoner 12-16. 6 3tBuys Winchester Paper.Mr. Steve K. Vaught, until recentlyone of the editors of the RichmondClimax, has purchased of Mr. TimNeedham the Winchester Democrat.Mr. Vaught is a son of Rev. J. O. A.Vaught, Presiding Elder of the Covington District of the M. E. church.South, and formerly resided at Millersburg, this county.'- '' - -rk JLyr. "rTailored Suits...'-i fc fiGyrls Dancing FrocksQuality considered our prices are lower thanv- We are memberstflliKXKllll&MSIXlmMROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely PureEconomizes Buffer, Flour,Eggs; makes the food moreappetizing and wholesomeThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream oi TartarPicture Festival at the Grand.Manager Porter, of the Grand, announces a grand Fall Picture Festivalat the Paris Grand which began lastnight and will continue throughout theweek. First run pictures only will beshown, and they are the best to be obtained. For tonight Mr. Porter has engagedthe services of Profess )r M. B. Man-'horter, conceded to be one of the finestpiano players in this country. He willbe remembered as having given apiano recital in Paris last year in theinterest of Smith & Nixon Piano Co.Prof. Manhorter makes the picturestalk to you and it is said you can closeyour eyps and tell the nature of thepicture from his playing. Go tonightand hear him.Will Study Medicine.Mr. Avonia Kiser, son of Mr. andMrs. John Kiser, of Shawhan, whohas been enmloyed as a telegraph operator on the L. & N. has resigned his 'position and has gone to Louisvillewhere he will study medicine.MilKflWl!a;wB4V4F:3gf!3Gmbru Sc Co,THE LEADING SPECIALTY HOUSEAnnounce: the ArrivalNewFall and Winter ModelnNobby ReversibleHandsome Velvet Coatsk4iTailored ClothHandsome Evening DressesBeautiful Afternoonfound elsewhereof Merchants' Fair Refunding CampaignEMBRY & C0.MAIN STREET-LEXINGTON, KENTUCK?SfTI Demurrer to Assignee SustainedIn the Fayette Circuit Court Saturday in the trial and motion dccketsthe most important case was that ofE. L. Pearce, assignee-Iof WilliamTarr. vs. J. W. Stoll, and the SecurityTrust Company, trustee of James Stolrand assignee of the William Tarr Company. The court sustained the demurrer tothe first paragraph of the petition withleave to amend and held the plaintiffsmust file an itemized statement of theamounts alleged to be due.The assignee seeks to re-open theaccounts of James S. Stoll and R P.Stoll, assignees of the William TarrrCompany, alleging an amount approxi-wmating S60.0U0 to be due him as assignee of William Tarr. The plaintiffis represented by H. E. Ross andChas. A. McMillan, of this city, andthe defendants by J. R. Bush andGeorge C. Webb.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut' or shave;fo to Buck's barber shop. Three firstlass barbers. 13 tf, . i&ofCoats$.CoatsDressesin?S4p- 4JmE?flLipi?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. ,10 1911-it4fit.WE BOURBON NEWS.vtf?7&&esbrhALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Baptist Bazaar.The ladies of the Baptist church willhold a Christmas bazaar some time inDecember, the exact date of whichwill be announced later.PERSONAL MENTION.Breaks Leg.Thomas Sidener, aged about GOyears, well known in Paris, fell Sunday from his horse en the Gaz farm inClark county and broke his leg.Pickliog Peaches.Cling peaches for pickling.C. P. GOOK & CO.Thanksgiving Sale.The laides of the Presbyterianchurch will hold their annual Thanksgiving sal on Wednesday, November29 at the store of Mr. Geo. W. Davit.- Bruised By Fall.Miss Emma Hughes suffered a painful accident a few days ago. Whilestanding on nt able hanging some curtains she fell, sustaining an injury toher right arm, and was bruised aboutthe face.ftfcClure & Gendenin writeFire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Cattle Shipped East.W. G. McCIintock shipped last weekto the Pittsburg market three carloadsof hogs for prices ranging from 5 1-2to 6 cents per pound. Saturday nightMr. McCIintock shipped to the samemarket a carload of fat cattle.Feld's Good Shoes.At David Feld's you get the bestvariety of shoes. 6 tfiBuys Berry Property.The firm of Harris & Speakes, realestate dealers of this city, have recently closed a deal whereby they purchased 6 1-2 acres of land at Berry,Ky., which will be sub-divided intobuilding lots and sold off in the nearfuture.Fee's Soap Special.Lenox Soap per box 100 cakes$2.85 : 8 bars for 25 cents.FEE'S.Takes Possession o! Farm.Mr. John C. Morris, of this county,who recently purchased the handsomeold Cassidy home on the Versaillespike-near Lexington, has taken possession of the property and is making afew minor improvements. Kis familywill join him in November.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Locates in Lexington.Dr. R. R. McMillan, a graduate ofthe Louisville Dental College, hasopened an office in Lexington for thepractice of his profession. Dr. McMillan is a son of -the late Dr. J. T. McMillan, and a brother of City AttorneyC. A. McMillan and Mrs. Elizabeth C.Rogers, of Paris.For These Frosty Mornings.A medium weight overcoat is indispensable. We have a splendid assortment of them to show you, reasonablypriced S10 up. Garbardine Raincoatstoo from $10 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Miss Annie Hibler is the 'guest ofMiss Sarah Chorn in Lexington.s Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers' visited relatives in Carlisle Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wash have returned from a visit to Maysville.Mrs. Ella Mernaugh is at a Lexington hospital under treatment.Mr. J. W. Hayden returned Fridayfrom a business trip to Stanford.Mayor J. T. Hinton is confined tohis home with an attack of pleurisy.Miss Martha Ferguson is visitingMis3 Ollie May Clark, in Lexington.Miss Martha Ferguson is visitingher cousin, Miss Hannah Ferguson, inLreorgetown.Mr. Walter Clark left last nightfor Hot Springs, Va., where he willspend a week.Mr. and Mrs. Thornton Wills, ofWinchester, are visiting their son, Mr.James Wills, in this city.Misses Nannie and Annie T. Millerleft yesterday for Burgm to visit Mr.and Mrs. George Clayton.Mr. J. W. Fowler, who has beenconfined to his home from an attack oftyphoid fever, is aole to be out.Miss Dove Embry, of Lexington,who has been visiting friends in NorthMiddletown, has returned home.Mrs. Russell Dyche, of London, ishere for a visit to her brothers,Messrs. Ernest and Walter Martin.Miss Mabel O'Lee. of Lexington,is visiting her cousin, Miss LauraSmith, at her home near this city.Miss Carolyn Roseberry spentseveral days last week with MissWillie Howard Barns, in Lexingtan.Mrs. Sam Mackey and daughter.Miss Agne, have returned from Cincinnati, where thej visited relatives.Mr. Ed Slatterv. of this aitv amiMr. Paul Hanley. of Ruddells Mills,visited relatives in Maysville Sunday,Dr. B. M. Shive will leave todayfor Bowling Green toattend the Synodof the Presbyterian church in thatcity.Mrs. Logan Howard and littledaughter, Susan Logan, have returnedfrom a visit to JVlrs. Susan Baker inLexington.Mother's Day at Paris Schools.The first convocation of the femalepatrons of the Paris Public Schoolswill take place Friday, October 13, inthe school building at three o'clock inthe afternoon.The most critical and most important period in thfi life of every childis the one which must be lareelv directed 'by the mother. It is she whogives direction to the young current oflife: she erects the ideals, and her cooperation means very much to theteacher and the pupil. Every motherwho has a child in school should attendthis meeting.It is desired that all mothers visitthe roOiTi where their children go toschool and spend the first half hourgetting acquainted with the teacher,then assemble in the auditorium forthe program which is as follows :Song "Mothers' Hour," Miss Gertrude Welch, Grade 6."The Home Life of the Child to SixYears of Age" Mrs. Walter Clark."The Responsibilities of the 'Motherand Teacher" Miss Mary tLayton,Primaty Teacher.Z "Right and Wrong Punishments"Miss Blanche Lilleston, PrimaryTeacher."The Hand That Rocks the CradleRules the World" Miss Anna Farrell,Teacher in Grade 4 B.Bulk Oysters..Fresh Baltimore Bulk Oysters receded daily. Fresh fat stock. Michigan celery and cranberries.6 2fc SAUER.THE BEST ON EARTH.E. M. Wheeler's stoves andheaters are9 now on the floorand ready for your inspection.The Florence Hot Blast is thebest stove on earth for themoney. In order to open the. tseason he will give you anystove in the house onthe easyterms of $1 per week, or willgive you a cash price that willsurprise you.iThese Are Opening Days With Us.Upto Date Billiard Hall.Follow the crowds to Mann's Billiard Hall. 15 tfOur line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and bestselected in the history of our business, and consists of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets.Dress, Goods.Interesting Lecture.fDr. Edward S. Clark, of Rome,Italy, delivered the first of his seriesof two lectures at the High SchoolAuditorium last night. Although theinclement weather had the effect ofkeeping away a large number the attendance was large. The lecture ofDr. Clark, illustrated with highlycolored stereoptican viaws was highlyentertaining and instructive. Tonightthe subject of the lecture will he"Timgad, the Pompeii of North Africa."Bruner Calls for Reports.9 Secretary of 'State Ben L. Bunerissued an order to all State Banks Saturday for a report of the condition ofthe intsitutions. The reports must bein the office of the Sceretary of Stateby October 12.Move 'to Paris.Bisk Reception.The ladies of the Baptist chruch willhold a dish reception at the churchthis afternoon. The hours will befrom 2 to 6,and the object will be tofurnish the dining room of the new!church with dishes. Everyone attending will be expected to bring a piceeof china. All are invited.Seed Wheat and Rye.See us before buying yourwheat, seed rye, and-timothy.2t C. S. BRENT & BROseedParis Negro Paroled:Keller Thomas, colored, convicted inthe Bourban Circuit Court on a chargeof forger. , and confessing his guilt,was last week paroled by the StateBoard of Prison Commissioners. Thomaswas sentenced to two years in thepenitentiary and had served six monthsof his term. He has secured employment in Frankfort and will not returnto Paris.Shannon Farm at Auction.The Shannon farm of 100 acres will tbe sold at public auction on Thursday,October 19. Also .stock, crop and farming implements.Photographs.Norman, the photographer, is making for thirty adys five dollar cabinetpictures mounted on the, latest foldercards for three dollars a dozen. Thestyle and finish of Norman's photograph equals these made by the leading ci y photographers. Studio thirdfloor Agricultural Bank Building.Under Peace Bond.Dr. Ben Hickman, colored, who wasfined in Ponce Court on the charge ofprovokintr an assault, was placedunder bend in the sum of $100 Fridayto kep the peace. The action of thecourt'followed a complaint made byDave Robinson, also rolored.Judge January assessed a fine of $15against Ben Lewis, white, for drunkennpfs and disorderly conduct, andThorn !S Dorian was fined $7.50 for beirg drink. - . , .Mrs. Nannie Clark has returned toher home in Maysville after a visit toher son, Mrs. C. C. Clark at NorthMiddletown.Mr. Paul Lail, of Shawhan.a student at the Louisville Medical College,has returned to that institution to resume his duties.Mrs. T. Porter Smith returnedyesterday to her home in Los AngelesCal., after a visit to friends and relatives in this county.-Mrs. Anna Thornton and daughter. Miss Anna, have moved from theWindsor Hotel to apartments in theRobneel building,Mr. Chas. Cassity, residing ou theFord farm, was taken to a Lexingtonhospital yesterday. He is sufferingfrom typhoid fever.A marriage ileense was issuedyesterday to Mr. George Eubanks andMiss Lizize Morris. They were unitedin marriage by Squire L. J. Fretwell.Rev. Edward Clark, who is givinga series of lectures at the auditoriumof the Paris High School is the guestof Elder Carey E. Morgan while in thecity.Miss Carolyn Roseberry, of thiscity, was a guest Saturday night at adinner party given at the CountryClub Saturday evening by Mr. Russelldes Cognets for Miss Leopold.Among' those who attended thefuneral of President J. W. McGarveyat Lexington yesterday were Messrs.Geo. W. Clay, R. M. Rice, ElderCarey E. Morgan and Dr. Edward S. ,Clark.Col. E. F. Clay, of Runnymede,Stock Farm, and chairman of theStateRacing Commission, was the guest ofGovernor Augustus E. Willson at adinner at the Pendennis Club in Louisville, Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. E. B. January leftyesterday for Luzerne, Muhlenburgcounty, for a visit to Mr. January'ssister. Mrs. Wm. C. Gibbs. Mr,January will go from there, to Louisville to attend the Grand Lodge of OddFellows as a delegate from BourbonLodge No. 23.Mr. James Chambers, wife anddaughter, are here from Cincinnati theouest of Mr Chambers' mother, Mrs.Kate Chambers, on Duncan avenueThey will leave October 16 for St.Louis, where Mr. Chambers has anexcellent position and where he will,locate permanently.Dr. E. W, Clark, of Rome, Italy,and Elder and Mrs. Carey E. Morganwere guests last evening- of Mr. and,Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay at a six o'clockdinner. This morning they will beguests of Mr. and Mrs. Cassius M.Clay, and this evening they will beentertained at dinner by Mrs. LucySimms.Miss Lucy Simms and Mr. WillSimms entertained the follwoingguests at the Country Club in Fayettecounty Saturday evening: MissesEliazbeth Holt.Belle Holt. Lucy Holtof Grand Rapids, Mich. Alleen Powersand Mary Fithian Hutchcraft, ofParis; Messrs. John Holt, GrandRapids, Mich. ; Clinton Harbison, Lexington; Chartlon ZJlay, Charles Fithian and Reuben Hutchcraft, Paris.Never Wore a Hat.Mr. Frank Meade, of Patterson, N.J., was the puest of Mr. W. R. Blakemore in this city Sundav. Mr. Meadewas a classmate of Mr Blakemorewhen the latter was a student atPrirceton University. The two wermembers of the graduation elas ofthat institution in 1886. Mr. Meadeenjoya the unique distinction of having never worn a, hat, and all throughlife he has followed this unusual practice While in thi? rrty he attractedconsiderable attention when on thestrt Haref,oad','1. s fp.w.were acquainted with this peculiarity.Mr. J. T. Flora, of Myers, Nicholascounty, who recently purchased thehome of Mrs. Mattie Hutchcraft, atthe corner of Main and Fifteenthstreets, has secured possession of theproperty and has moved his family tothis city. Mr. Flora will engage inthe wholesale lumber business in thiscity.IN!Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfTHEAIR!Everything Just AsAdvertised.Have you sean our new lino ofgoods. Everything bran new, and thelowest prices ever put on first-classmerchandise.Remember We Save You Money.Slop Jars, made of heavy steel witha tripple coat of pure white enamel,heavy bail handle and tight fittingcover, worth 1.50, at special 93cWhite Willow Clothes Baskets, largefamily size 59c98c Ironing Boards 57c.Wash Boards, 25c grade, at 10c.Salt Boxes 5c.Fire-proof Cooking Vessels each 5c.Meat Platters each 7c.All On Sale Friday.THE FAIR.ADMINISTRATOR'S NOTICE.,JUSTA VICTROLAFORFIFTEEN DOLLARS!VICTOR-VICTROLA IXMade in Quartered Oak,10-inch turn-table, singlespring motor. Descriptive literature on requestSEE SHOW WINDOW.DAUGHERTY BROS.The new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &e.Velvets For Suits and Dresses.White Corduroy, the Novelty.Our Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings-The largest in this part of the State.WiWE ARE READY FOR YOUmil W IIMMtMaMMMIMMMMBttiiMMliaaiMMrtMMatwtWMMaiaMiMapMiiiagj,,toIFee's Cash Specials.For Friday and Saturday Onlyn1 ri "19IIPOTATOESEarly Fancy, NorthernStockOur Price per pk 30SOAP .8 Bars for 25cOne Box of 100 Bars ,Only $2.85FLOURFairy Brand, Patent Flour24-lb. Sack 65cMEALBest Grade Corn MealOur Price per pk 25cSUGARiBest Granulated13 lbs. for $1STARCHArgo Brand3-Five Cent Boxes 10cI8:ILFEE'Si .I JuSI,1ftVNotice is hereby given that theundersigned has qualified as the ad-1ministrator of the estate of M. H.Current, deceased, and all persons having claims against said estate will present the same property proven to theundersigned.All persons owing said estate arehereby notified to pay the same to theundersigned administrator.E. B. CURRENT, Administrator,537 Columbia avenue,6 6t Lexington, Ky.Administrator's Notice.2?A11 persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.W. W. Massie, are requested to calland settle at once.Those having claims against theestate will please present same properly proven according to law for payment to the undersigned.JAMESJMcCLURE, Administrator10 lm of Mrs. W. W- Massie.DAVENPORT SALE. . NOW GOING ON .'.And Will Continue ThroughoutThe -Week.The Prices WillBeGreatly1R6(1U661And Will Surprise Yonbe Cash.The Terms'KSSEiMiBicycle for Sale.Banner bicycle, coaster brake, goodas new. Will sell cheap for cash. Callat Bouibon News ofEce. G 3tINSURE YOUR PROPERTYL .Against Fire, Tornado and ,. Lightning. 1 wo old relHable, prompt paying com- .panies. ' ?Joe. G. Mitchell,Agent.Phone 162litf.Our Showings Include the Following Lines:The Streit, The Pullman, The Owen Gaveno,The Kinder, The Sheboygan and others.cs,This is an Opportunity of a Life-time.These Prices are for the time stated, and for that time only. Nothing "butiL; ,MJtNew Goods. Why pay more?J. T. HINTONrmrm4M :'I j-'iIrfuY.'t&r:4.1jJ,s.nH5 T;n TwillTm THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 10 ' 1911. -FREE REMEDY HELPS CHILDRENMany a mother has learned of a-way of avoiding- sickness in her family, especially among- the children, bythe use of a free sample bottle of thefamous laxative, Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. This offer of the doctor's tosend a free sample bottle has been responded to by thousands of womenin all parts of America.Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is atruly wonderful laxative and especially adapted to the needs of babiesand children because it is pleasant totaste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is allthat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for thewhole family because it h effectiveat all ages. It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should not be given to children under any circumstances.Nine times out of ten when a childcomplains and you don't know exactly what is the matter with it, itneeds a laxative its bowels are constipated. Syrup Pepsin will correctthe trouble, tone up the child andsoon it will be well again wonderful results have been secured withSyrup Pepsin over night.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, thelatter being the family size, but youare invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address today and he will sendyou a free sample bottle direct toyour home. Then when satisfied hnvit of your favorite druggist.For the free sample address him.Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding-, Monticello, III.TWIN BROS.,Uotfimg DepartmentWe Are Now Showing Our Complete Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hats and Furnishing Coods.At $15 we are showing a nobby line of newbrown Suits in the famous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.Lain Brand and Chults Shirts at 1 and $1.50.W. L. Douglas & Co. Shoes at 2.50, 3, $3.50and $4: IFrench's fine hand-hame Shoes fo : men specialat $4.Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 best in the world.We are showing a full line of Trunks, Suit Casesand Traveling Bags.Twin BrosLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.AS BADAS THAT?Are Kentuckians Willing to Be'Tail Eandera?"FINE CATTLE AND CHILDREN.t. 5c N. TIME-TABLE, . IN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.One Man to Care For Seven JerseyHeifers and One Teacher For Thirty-six,Sixty and Even a HundredPupils.I had known for a long time thatKentucky's standing in matters educational was very low. I had known thatshe was in the grip of illiteracy, withall its attendant evils, but I had hardly expected to find such a large number of her rural population willingsimply "to let things go." One daywhile chatting with a member of acounty board of education in a richcounty he happened to say:"I tell you, I've been interested ineducation, mightily interested, for along time. I've been on this board formighty nigh ten year.""I am delighted to hear you say thatyou are interested," I hastened to reply, "for you know Kentucky standsthirty-ninth in the list of the stateswhen it comes to education. That'snot very far from the end of the list."We need men like you to help us keepthiogs moving."The old gentleman stroked his grizzled beard thoughtfully, and I felt certain that I had made a vivid impression. A smile, a very small smile,wrinkled the corners of his eyes as hesaid quietly:"I reckon you forgot one thing inthis whole business somebody's got tobe 'tail eanders ain't they?"I had a glimpse of rural Kentucky'sattitude toward education.k&.,- -- r.SInternational GasolinesENGINES" i5 v&i&ikb&sfr batl LZsp- . jz2mnttRmn m-rzK-t&',&All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.. Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Cattle and Children.I was tired and discouraged after!days of school inspection in Jeffersoncounty, so I had decided to take a dayoff and visit the State Fair and see thesights."Blue ribbon?" I asked the manwearing a broad smile as he camedown the main roadway., "You bet!" he exclaimed. He caughtsight of my camera and continued."Don't you want to take a snapshotof my heifer?"As '"he turned the splendid younganimal into position for a photographI had a chance to look her over carefully. I was certain she was of royalblood, fer her horns looked like polished ebony, and her toe nails had been(I ......Trains -A-rrrveNo. FROM34- Atlanta, GaDaily. 5 21 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 am'29 Cynthiana, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ., 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 7.38 am10 Rowland. Kv.. Dailv Exceot Sundav " 7.ns nm40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. . . 8.12 amv.u.luUu,ui, vj., -uij.jf y.uu am i3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daify 10.02 amoa vjiuiiiuuuu, j., jjauy lU.lb am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . ." 11.50 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily - 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily , 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6 12 nm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 am32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily G 17 pm14 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 7. ..... . .10.27 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10 :45 pmUo.34- 4297401013737331336,36-?S25389j:39328-13303113Tralxis XDe-peirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .5,Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ' 7Cincinnati, O. , Daily Except Sunday -. 8,Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 8Lexington, Ky., Daily 9Knoxville, Tenn., Daily .'.'.'.9Jacksonville, Flar, Daily ..X m ioLexington, Ky., Daily .10Maysville, K., Daily ! . ill,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sundav V... i i " illLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.vimjmiicuji, j., uaiiy . 3Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 5Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sundav 5Cincinnati, O., Daily - 6.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday f. 6iexington. Ky.. Daily 6Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sundav ' ' .6Lexington, K., Daily 10.Atlanta, ua., Daily .. 10.28 am35 am.47 am.43 am20 arc.20 am.57 am.55 am18 am.21 am,52 am,5-1 am,30 pmW pm.48 pm.50 pm.22 pm.25 pm.25 pm,35 pm.53 pmoo pmOP. c5 O - T"-nI"ra-T A TtT -TiIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains Arrive30. FROM2 Frankfort, K3r., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily E teept Sunday i i i i .'340 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday i . 1 16.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only i i il0.00pmTrains 3De;psirt.jffo.TOONE OP THE SEVEN HEIFERS.manicured that morning. "When shewas led to the barn near by I knewshe was a royal princess, for the stableboy was waiting to throw her operacloak over her and lead her to her stall."How many heifers have you here?"I asked the stable boy when he hadfinished bedding her down."I have my hands full this time," heexclaimed. "I have seven to take careof. That's about the limit when youare'dolng the State Fair, all right."I left the barn and went out into theroadway to think. I recalled vividlya school visited only the day beforewhere a young man in Jeffersoncounty was striving to handle thirtysix boys and girls In all eight gradesand another school where a. tired wornan worried with sixty-five. I have seen100 in one room.The roadway was crowded withsplendid, healthy boys and girls, brownwith the kisses of a summer sun. Theywere laughing and chattering, full toGBT.HBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andtn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.1 Free ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies' Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Depart-ment, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call atExquisite Elegy Tribute to Friend.The early death of Keats robbedShelley ot a dear friend, but led to thewriting of the exquisite elegy"Adonais," and it is rather touching torecall that when, Shelley was drowned,a year and a half later, a copy ofKeats' poems was found open in hiscoat pocket when his body was washedashore. ITWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyJl61 Frankfort, & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am" 7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 jj ansiorD, Ly., uany juxcepc Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.55 amwpft ' jl: Era !y? JBloodin Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChokr manently, cures a, Cough. Croup, "Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAfieotions. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harriett Wells AHea. Gaffsty. S.C. says:1 jmc mm fHvm.mn ih aocrai iweniy years ana,Mte fee first K4kiite tfeathasdeae me Mch god.W. T. Brooks, Agent.British Interested In Gas.In addition to 1,255 gas undertakingsIn England, there were last year 20British companies owning gas workson the European continent and inother parts of the world.Bachelors and Hypocrisy.Abeut the worst hypocrite in theworld Is an old bachelor who claimsthat he likes children. Chicago Record-Herald.THIRTY-SIX BOYS AND GIBLS FOR ONETEAOHEE.overflowing with the zest of living.Watching them as they passed, 1thought:"Goodness! What is the matter withour old commonwealth when thestockmen all know that it takes 6neman to handle seven Jersey heifersIn a state fair and 'they do not knowthat one teacher cannot possiblyhandle from thirty to seventy younganimals and have them in conditionto take prizes In the show ring of life?"t felt that the children of Kentuckywere not getting a fair, square deal.Her View of It.The childish daughter of the househad been sent into the parlor to entertain the unexpected guest. Thewoman inquired, by way of makingconversation, where was the child'sbrother. "He's gone to the school ofministers to be pastorized," she wasrespectfully informed.The Orily Authorities.One preacher declares that childless wives ought to be shipped out ofthe country. Then who would writefor the newspapers, telling mothershow to take care of their babies?Toledo Blade.f ' a'og" x,' 7 nTf'ff finf TYlnQ fnn !. .1? . ..."imS townKftffl,!e insurance. rate as slate or7i.j AArSbeJauthorized to refund monevin fnii if ai .soumieu aku KuufiNCx should fail to satisfy. " ""i AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., CWcago,!!!.!Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Doing Away With Knot Holes.To save the loss of box lumber because of knot holes a man in California has invented a machine to sawthe holes out to a uniform size andcut plugs to be fitted into the holes.Two Greatest Civllizers.Increased means and increased leisure are the two cJvilizers of man.Disraeli.Only Ordinary.Piffle "They say he is a criminallawyer." Pottle "Yes; but I don'tbelieve he is specially so." The Pathfinder.BloodUne Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCure Eheum, Pimples, Kas-Eczema has, DandiuH and Fall-lag Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allee, Gtffney. S. C sirs: "I htveused Bloodlat Olntwnt tor Eczmbs. asd find Ita most tffectlVa remedy."PUBLIC SALEOF ADesirable City Residence.ON TUESDAY, OCT. IT, 1911.at 2 o'clock p m., on the premises, I will sell to the highest bidder, my resi- ,dence situated on Stoner avenue, in Paris, Ky.The residence is a two-story frame building of seven rooms, hall, twoporches, large pantry, bath and good dry cellar. It is wired for electricity andgas, has water in house and a splendid cistern at door.Lot is 76 feet front, 78 feet, more or less, in rear, by 183 feet to an alley. - .it has concrete walks, shade trees, good stable and large garden 'This is a very desirable and convenient home, on a nice residence street ..acs7nSotl1Teobu,nes?..prt ? town bein onlv x blocks from the courthouse. - "IJjiKMb -One-third cash, balance in two equal payments, in one and two f 'years, with interest.MRS. W. A. JOHNSON.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky who willtake plnasure in showing the property.He .Should Remember It.Scientists should remember that agrasshopper can jump 200 times itsown length. This fact should bo re;membered by the collegian whothinks he 1 1 going to be needed in theworld because he has broken theJumping record. Chicago Record-Herald.W. T. Brooks,"Agenti goundatlonof Friendship.Without self:sacrifice there can btno. real friendship. Goethe. "FOR RENT.nautaFurnished room for two gentlemen.Apply at 709 High street. 26 tfGreatest of Inland Seas.The greatest inland sea is the Caspian sea, which is 700 miles lo&g4aft4270' miles wide. - 4-Iv 1U" ."A Speedy Cure for1 Coftstipation, Biliousness, DjrspepMa, Indieestioa.Liver Complaints, Tired Feeling, Bad Taste isthe Mouth, Bad Complexion, NcrvoKsnets and allwt uie oiomaca, liver ana cowcis." Bloodine Liver Pills "act geatly, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,itomack and digestive organs. The pills, in oldand chronic cases of constipation and indigestion,act st once, without griping, nor do they leave anyunpleasant after-effects, nor form a constant habitof purging, produced by other cathartic remedies." Bloodine Liver Pills "restore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcondition and htalthful action. Remove and prevent oonstipatioa by securing a natural and regular operation of the bow els, and relieve those unpleasant symptoms which attend a diseased ormorbid condition of the liver, stomach and bowels.To assist in attaining this end, the following suggestions are offered.REMARKS. Everyone who uses pills fcrtheir action on the liver, should know that largedoses rarely prove as satisfactory as small ones.Large doses simply purge and pass out f the system, usually leaving the bowels constipated, andseldom .remtving the cause of the trouble, or improve the general health. On tha other hand,small doses develop the alterative effect of themedicine, do not irritate or constipate the bowels,but gently stimulate the liver and prevent heaccumulation of bile by directing its flow into theproper channels. Therefore it is advisable to commence by taking nottover one or-two pills at bedtime and inerease dose as necessary.Portland, Ma.Gents : --I find your "Bloodine Liver Pills"the most effective pill I ever used. They causeno griping or constipative after effect as most liverpills do. Yours truly,MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.Bloodine Ointment cares Piles.W. T. Brooks, Agent.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in any Istage permanently, without deadly jmercury, with pure Botanical mgred-ents. To prove it we will send you a iSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.i.L juu j-ictvc uiucia, casing auica, iitching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimples (or eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the woi sfccase of blood poison. Druggists or by iexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co. ,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,'Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. Thone 716.Jttrnie LanqhornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed..-augl6tf East Tenn. Pho e 669NOTICE.All accounts due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 tf YERKES KENNEY.Young WomenRead what Cardui did for Miss Myria Engler, ofFaribault, Minn. She says: "Let me tell you how muchgoodCardui has done me. As a young girl, I always hadto suffer so much with all- kind of pain. Sometimes, I wasso weak that I could hardly stand on my feet I got abottle of Cardui, at the drug store, and as soon as I hadtaken a few doses, I began to feel better.'Today, I feel .as well as anyone can."TAKE't" . Are you a woman? Tnenu are subject to a largenumber of troubles and irregularities, peculiar to women,which, in time, often lead to more serious trouble.A tonic is needed to help you over the hard places, torelieve weakness, headache, and other unnecessary pains,the signs of weak nerves and over-work.For a tonic, take Cardui, the woman's tonic.You will never Tegret it, for it will certainly help youAsk your druggist about it He knows. He sells itVfrtit to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattuiooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for 3pckd Instntctkm, and 4-pse book. " Hoe Treatment for Woaea," sent free. J 50wSUMtmmPUBLIC SALEOF-STOCK, IMPLEMENTS ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS.Having rented mylfarm and concluded to quit farming, I will sell on thepremises, 5 miles from Paris onRcdmon pike, beginning at the hour often o'clock a. m, onWednesday, October 1 8, 1 91 1rJail my stock, crop and farming utenjsils, household and kitchen furniture,etc:1 pair Perchercn mares,5 and 6 yearsold, goed wovkers, in foal.I 1 pair extra mare mules,4 and 5years old.1 pair mare mulss.1 sorreT horse.1 Gambetta Wilkes mare,furnished at sale, in foalpedigreeto BaronRhythmic1 yearling black fifty, out of Gambetta Wilkes mare by Locanda.Also suckling cok at aide of Gambetta Wi'kes mare by Locanda.1 six year old good road hcjfse.1 five year old gelding, good familyhorse.3 No. 1 Jersey milk cows.1 yearling Jersey heifer to calvesoon.1 good steer calf.35 good breeding ewes.2 No. 1 Southdown bucks.56 fat hogs.7 brood sows with pigs and to pig ;13 good stock shcats ;2 two-horse wagons.2 binders,, good ss new.2 new Avery riding cultivators.1 No. 1 Deering mower.1 Randall harrow.'2 breaking plows.1 good two-horse slide.1 brand new scalding trough.1 good cider mill.1 No. 1 drag.1 No.l Black Hawk corn planter.2 No. 1 sets wagon harness.25 acres of corn and lot of timothyand clover hay in barn.All kinds of farming implements andcarpenter's tools, etc , too numerousto mention.1 parlor set.3 bed room sets.Rugs, carpets, chairs, etc.15 Bronze turkeys.150 chickens, all kinds.TERMS Made known on day o'f-saleH. O. JAMES, Agent.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Also at the same time and pface, 1will rent 24 acres of grass land untilMarch 1 or 15, 1912.Authentic, Indubitable Truth.No mere man ever recognized awoman by the style of her dress. Howa woman dresses a man does not remember five minutes; but how shelooks he does. Ohio State Journal.CITYTAXESFOR 1911Now ifl My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MooreCity CollectorThebmanVTonicTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,Young and old havethem. Some abuse them.They get tired, starved.SYMPTOMS: Loss ofsleep and appetite, indigestion, ' irritability,eventually wrecked con'stitution.Alcoholic remediesstimulate only.soft's Emulsionsoothes and nourishes,feeds the nerves. Anatural nerve-food, containing the salts of Hypophosphites, Iodine andGlycerine.NO ALCOHOL.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESWrlEAT, RYE.-Choice Fultz seedwheat, also seed rye for sale.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Two light frosts have not injuredthe tobacco crop in Mason but the farmers Sare begging fur men to helpthem get the crop cut and housed.Should a slight freeze come now itwould mean the loss of four-fifths ofthis year's crop.Tho district meeting of the American Society o Equity and Home Warehouse Company was held last week inOwenbsoro and fixed the price of the1911 crop of tobacco as follows: Maximum, $15; minimum, $5.At a meeting last "week of theBoard of Dircetors of the Blue GrassFair, Secretary Jouett Shouse announced that the fair had made about$2,200 on the exhibition held this year.Of this profit $1,500 was used to takeup a debt incurred by last year's fair.Mr. Shouse also announced his resignation as secretary, to take effect atonce.Elemendorf Farm, Lexington, Ky.,has recently imported 25 ;Belgian andClydesdale mares which they purposeusing thoroughbred stallions on. It isan enterprise that will be watchedwith a great deal of interest by breeders. Though the resorting to such extremes may not produce the very bestclass of market horse, we look foi thecrop to produce a very excellent workhorae and great mule mares.Commissioner of AgricultureRankin has issued the crop report forSeptember and there is very littledifference between it and the one forAugust. The report shows an eightper cent increase in the corn crop.The rainsfduring the month have Jbeenof great benefit to the pastures andthey are in fairly good condition. Thewheat aera for next year is about 1per cent over that for 1911. About 69per cent of the dark tobacco has beengathered, and about 87 per cent of theBiu ley. aaK9WZZ--S Irving H. Wheacroft. millionaireowner of the St. James atnri nt lov.Incxton and at Victoria. R. P. willJ-tpday begin transportation of his enure American stua, valued at $150,000to Australia. One hundred and fifty-nine norses, including the famoussires, St. Savin, English stake winner,and American crack, Cesarion, DonRoyal and others, brood mares andyoung horses will be shipped on specialtrain of ten palace cars, while in private Cars Will follow Wheatnrnff nHhis family. They aie even taking thPirautomobiles and garage equipment.Receipts of live stock at theChicago market last Monday, October2 were, in round numbers 30,000 cattle. 24,000 hogs, and 50.000 shppnMonday's receipts, compared withMonday of last week, in round numbers deci eased 1,500 cattle, 3,800 hogsand increased 1,000 sheep. Comparedwith the corresponding day a year agocatttle decreased 300, hogs 500 andsheep 16,200 The avreage priceswere, cattle $6.fcf, hogs $6 50, sheep$3 90 and lambs $5.80. On the corresponding week of last year the averages were, cattle $6.45, hogs $8.78,sheep $4.05 and lancBs $6.65. Tnegenpral averages on the correspondingweeks from 1901 to 1911 were cattle$5.78, hogs $6.73,sheep $4.11 and Iambs$5.86.-Secretary Perry m. Shy, of theKentucky State Fair has returned toLouisville from a visit to the IllinoisState Fair. Mr. Shy said that if theKentucky State Fair had one-half themoney to spend which the Illinois boardhas that this state would be given thebest show in the country. Th ,nrcshow at the Kentucky fair, Mr Shysays, far excelled that of Illinois withjthe possible exception of draft horsesThe shows on "the Pike" here weremuch better and more moral than theseat Springfield. When it is taken intoconsideration that the Illinois fair isone of the oldest in the country andhas "money to bum,;' Mr.' Shy saysthat there is every reason to fetlgratified over the exhibiting ivenhere under unfavorable circums cents.Had a Protest Coming."Ethel," said Mr. Brown, "I wantyou to, give that young man of yourspa little message from me." "Yes,father," said Ethel, blushing. "Tellhim thai your mother and father don'tobject to big gas bills, but they object to his carrying the morning paper away with him when ho leaves."Tit-Bits.ALL DRUGGISTS1 11-18 1KENTUCKYOCT.10,HONOR ROLLEnrollment SJiows 633 Students atParis City School, White; an314 in Colored Sthool List ofHonor Students.In our twenty-seven years work wehave never seen a more propitiousopening of a term of school than thisone. Every department is fuller thanever before: the enrollment in thpwhite school is 633 and 314 in the color-Jm the white and 283 in the coloredschool. This is 65 more than any former attendance of the white school.There are 27 County High Schoolpupils in the white and 6 i the coloredschool.The greatest thing about the schoolis the great spirit that is guiding andmoving the work. It is simply grand!Such nn atmosphere will, of itself, domore than all the teachers could dowithout such a spirit.Of the 1230 white pupils enrolbd inthe census, 6-''S sua in the P-biivschool, 86 in the Cathuhc school, S h.Prof. Yerkes' school, 17 in iiis.Sutherland's school and 14 in Mr.Walker's school l h leaves 522, noin school. Of these 522, there are 2'.0who are 16 or older. There are then245 pupils under 16 3rears of age not nschool. Some of 'these have moveafrom the city, a ew of them are inProf. Costello's and some in Prof.Thompson's school and few are sick.The re3t of them will oe accounted forin a few days by cur efficient truantofficer.The pupils of the Public schools ero tcwork immediately on entering theschool and an excellent Honor Ro,l hasbeen made.Believing that accuracy is of primeimportance, all teachers grade on the"Right or Wcong" plan. This will ofcourse cause some pupils to get lowgrades in Arithmetic, but last year'strial of this method proved its value.HONOR ROLL.The First Grade issued no cards thefirst month.GRADE II-A.Hazel Myers 91, Amelia Jefferson 91,Irene Collins 90, Clara Highland 90,Herbert Myers 90.Grade II-B -None.GRADE III.Division B Rankin Mastin 90, Virginia Dundon 90.Division A Elizabeth Wheeler 90,Collins Hall UO, Pearlie Ritchie 90, Geraldine Harris 90, Julius Herrick 90,James Arnsparger 91.GRADE IV.Division B Lavender Borches 91,Lutie Crowe 92, Bessie Snapp 92, LenaSnapp 90, Elizabeth Snapp 90, MattieA. Wesselman 90, Virgil Welch 90.Division A Virginia Cook 94, AgnesTurner 92, Christine McCord 92, HelenRippetoe 93, A. T. Rjce 90, BessieGilford 90. Bob Morris 90, Dorothy Tingle 90, Aera Bishop 90, JulianKing 90, Oliver McCormick 90.GRADE V.Division B Jesse Lowe 90, HermanHennegan 90, Samuel Mastin 92.Division A Preston Bales 91, LucileGodman 94, Hattie Neal 95, RichardSterling 90, Madge Taylor 95, StanleyRichards 94, Helen Cain 90, SarahTraylor 90, Martha Settle 95, MarthaKing 92, Ada Myers 95, Ada Anderson93, George Insko 90, Doyle Day, 92,Palmer Myers 90..GRADE VI.Division B-Vernita Baldwin 92,Blanche Chapman 90, Elizabeth Clark90, Margaret Head 90, Fannie Heller94, Eleanor Lytle 93, Stella Price 94,Edna Snapp 93, Maude Taylor 97,MableDuke Templin 90, Elise Varden 92, JohnBrannon92, John Clay 94, Russell Clayton 91, Turney Clay 91, Elmer Doty 92,Harold Hufnagel 92, Frank Huddleson90, William Rice" 90, Harold Ewalt 90.GRADE VI-A.Emma Burley 91, Amy Rairden 94,Louise Horton 91, Ruby Elder 92, Vallette McClintock 91, -Edith Harper 91,Daisy McKee 90, Elizabeth Best 94,Jessie May Fee 94, Forrest Letton 94,Preston White 90, Luther Bishop 93.GRADE VII-B.Mary Bratton 93, Ethel Harper 95,Julia Fitzgerald 96, Pearl Brown 96,Edith Bobbitt 94, Gertrude Lusk 95,Georgia Speakes 90, Elizabeth Galbraith94, Bessie O'Neill 96, Rosa Gifford 90,Hazel Morris 96.GRADE VII.John Talbott Redmon 92, CharlenaBall 90, Minnie Kiser 90, irladys Snapp90, Mary Kearns 90, Nannie MarshallCooper 90, Hattie Hughes 90, ElizabethHall 90, Alice Rogers Clay 90.SENIORS.Elsa Heller 97, Merritt Slicer 94.JUNIORS.Duke Brown 97, Earl Dickerson 97,Clara Chambers 95, Clarence Harney95, Olive Taul 94, Mary Hayden 93,Nellie Rummans 91, John StuartMaude Fitzpatrick 90.SOPHOMORES.Edward Myall 97, Eli FriedmanHazel Duvall 96, Matilda James90,96,95,Sello Wollstein 95, Wayne Cottingham93, Joseph Letcher 92, Ruth Chambers92? Beatrice Chapman 91, MalvinaSharon 90.FRESHMAN.Lina Crowe 9jJ. Grace McCord 95,Joseph Lynch 95, John H. Erion 95,Hester Penn 94. Elizabeth Brown 94,Robert Mitchell 94, Ellen Henry 94Mai?y Brooks 93, Drusie Frakes 93,Elizabeth Renick 92, Hazel Knox 92,Dennis Snapp 92, Jerome Chapman 92,John Burns 92, Katherine Kenney 91,Allan Smith 91, Edward McShane 91,Frank Wilcox 91, Dennie Kennedy 90,Marguerite Doufclas 90, Maymre Williams 90, Gertrude Slicer 94.England the Pioneer.The manufacture of cotton seedproducts on a commercial scale hadits beginning in England, and as lateas 187Q that country, with an annualcrush of 200,000 tons, was the leadingcotton seed oil producing country inthe world.I9il,mmmmmamtmJAPANESE (iAVVRHEUMlTrSIRear Admiral Motoki TellsGreat Progress Made.ofWork Done at Four Ship-BuildingYards Enables Japan to AttainPosition In Front Rank ofNaval Powers.London. The development by theJapanese of their naval resourcessince the end of the war with Russiais a subject abont which not much information' of an, authentic characterhad been divulged, but a flood of llghyjwas shed upon the matter in the papers read by .delegates fromJapaa atthe International Congress of NavalArchitects, just held in London.' Rear Admiral Motoki Kondo, the inspector-generalof Japanese naval construction, who contributed a paper onthe progress of his department, dealtfirst with the four navy yards, two ofich, those at Yokosuka and Kure,rave launched eight armored ships:ce 1905.. It must be rememberedthat before that year the largest vessel built in Japan was a four-thousand-tonprotected cruiser.Yokosuka dockyard was started in1865, and Its first dock opened in 1S70.Only wooden ships were built until1ES5, and from that year until 1905only gunboats and small cruisers. Today the yard employs more than eightthousand men and occupies 116 acres,iiuving two large and three smaHbuilding slips and four graving docks,all of which will 'take any warshipafloatThe Kure navy yard was begun onlyin 1889, but it now rivals the Yokosuka, having two large slips, besidessmaller ones for torpedo craft, andtwo graving docks, with two othersunder construction. Here guns andgun mountings are manufactured, theprogress in output having been sufficient to supply the armament of almost all the warships built in lateyears. Kure also possesses steel andarmor plate works, the latter planthaving been started in 1902. The armor is made by a special process devised by Japanese engineers, and hasgiven good results.The two other navy yards, theSasewo and the Maidzuru, are, on asmaller scale, being used for repairwork and the construction of smallcraft. In addition, there are now twoprivate shipyards capable of buildingarmorclads, one at Nagasaki, the otherat Kobe. Each has just received anorder for a battle cruiser similar tothe ship ordered in England last year,while a fourth vessel of the same typeis building at Yokosuka.In the course of his paper on navalengineering in Japan, Rear AdmiralTerugoro Fujii stated that tnese fournew battle cruisers fitted with turbines would have engines of 61,000horsepower. Their displacement is tobe 27,500 tons, and with their highspeed and gun power, when they arecompleted in 1914 they will make apotent flying squadron In the Pacific.The turbine has been adopted for allships begun since 1905, some vesselsbeing fitted with the Curtis turbine,and others with that of the Parsonstype. The boilers in use in the Japanese navy are of a new design, firsttried in a cruiser in 1903. These"navy type" boilers, as they arecalled, will be installed in the newbattle cruisers. Previous armorcladsbuilt in Japan had been fitted withMiyabara boilers,- the invention of theJapanese a'dmiral of that name.Side by side with the developmentin warship building capacity, merchant ship-building in Japan has alsomade progress, as is "shown by thepaper on this subject contributed bythe director of the mercantile marinebureau. He begins by saying that in1853, when an American fleet, underCommodore Perry, appeared off theJapanese coast, the shogun's government was surprised at the enormoussize of the warships and awakenedfrom the Indolent dreams of the pastThe gross tonnage of vessels builtunder the shipbuilding encouragementlaw from 1897 to 1910 was 286,501 tons.Japan is not, however, perfectly selfsupporting as regards tjie supply ofsteel for shipbuilding, as although thegovernment works opened in 1898. canproduce 100,000 tons yearly, buildershave still to import foreign material.But the progress made during thelast decade is sufficiently striking, enabling J,apan, as it has done, to reachand maintain a position in the frontrank of the naval powers of the worldWhale3 Like Popcorn.Boston. A seventy-five-mileupon the high seas withf twomoth -whales, each measuringracethan 150 feet, furnished keen excitement to the 173'-passengers of thesteamer Boston, which arrived fromNova Scotia.It was not until after the excitingrace had lasted for eight hours thatthe two whales gave up the raceSome popcorn was thrown from thesteamer by- children and the twowhales eagerly made for it. Evidently expecting more, they clung. to theship. They drew up alongside, andat times brushed up against it.Fat Men Chase a Pig.New York. There was not a pigraceiat the outing of the Frank JDotzler association, because the alderman and a -committee of six fat merwho were carrying the pig to the EasThird, street pier, chased it overboard. It was a 92-pound pjg, and thecombined weight of the committetthat chased it is 1,785 pounds, exclusive of Alderman Dotzler, who added his 291 pounds to the chase.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for130 Years.I . . .Achmgbones, swollen join tspenaanentiy cured throuh the blood with.pure,Kotomcal Ingredients. To proveit we vill send you a SAMPT,T3TREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica rshooting pains up and down the leeachang back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movinsraround so you have to use crutches;blood thm or skin ualA? sti i-.uA!an:UuiJfeaand burns; shifting pains ; badbreatkymuagp, gone, take .Botanic Bloodaim B. B. B.) which will removerery sympthom. benanaA n n tsends a rich, tingling flood of Warm!rich pure blood direct to the palvzed nerves, bones and joints, givkijrwarmth and strength just where it ilneeded, and m this way making apenect, lasting cure of Rheumatismm all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheimedicines, liniments and doctorshave tailed to help or cure. Pruffgists or by express, $1 per large botie, with directions for home cureSiiJiposmt free by writing Blood:i d , Atlanta, Ga., Describevur trouble end free medical advicegi :z. .- zi :1 by Varden & Son.Uncle Eben."Dar is two kinds o' courage," saidUncle Eben. "One kind consista innot bein skeered 'cause you's got too'"" sense an ae yuthehain' got enough."cause youDeafness Cannot be Curedby local applications as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalRemedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous linkig of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing.andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused bycatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused, bycatarrh) that cannol be curedubyHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free. F. J. CHENEY & CO.,, -. , Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. One of the 'Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and f eel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Balrd.nf-mluargoien s.The-Best ofSome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,LParis, Ky.vC-iuvwi-;-.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT.. 10, 1911.o$la?s:r i,:iOpportunity's KnockThe shrewd and conservative in-:vestor buys seasoned stock andbonds when they are low in.price. He puts them away, paysno attention to daily fluctuations,knewing that in time they will appreciate in value and he can sellthem at a profit. In the meantimethe dividends or interest give hima liberal return on his investment.When they are low in price ishis opportunity. And it's yourOpportunity as much as his.Now, when are stocks and bondslow in price? A comparison ofstatistics covering quotation , earning capacity, etc, , over a period ofyears letermine-s this questionand according to these statisticshigh-grade stocks and bond&, bothrailroad and individual, are exceptionally low riglit now. Tinsis your Opportunity wHl youtake advantage of it?Histrimination in the selectionof seeurft'es purchased is of thehighest importance. Our advicebased on twenty-five years' experience in this business, is yoursfor the asking."We will buy for cash or on thepartial payment plan if desired.Write us to-day for free booklet,"Opportunity."W. E. Hutton & Co.First Nat. Bank Bldg., Cincinnati,Wall & Broad Streets, New York.MembersNew York Stock ExchangeNew York Cotton ExchangeGhicago Board of Trade'Cincinnati Stock Exchange"We also execute orders in Cotton,Grain and Provisions.Mr. 0. FJ. Collier and family and'Mis Rent Stoker were in LexingtonSaturday.4 Our town and community is beingwell represented at the LexingtonTrots daily.I Mrs. C. D. Tackett and little son,Harris, vinited friends at Paris Fridayand Saturday.Miss Alleen Curry, cf the M. F. C,spirit Saturday and Sunday at herheme at Myets.2 Miss Grace Peppar, cf Germantown,arrived Saturday as the guest of hercousin, iYLrs. Aarcn McLonnell.Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Peed were guestscf Mr. and Mrs. George Bascom inShaipsburg Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. C. R Jones and tliias RuthMcCIintock were gue'sts f relatives atLexington from Thursday until Saturday. ' Mrs. Letton, wife of Mr. Letton, atBethel, was the guest of her sister,Missm Letton, at M. F. C. Fridaynjght.The country home of Mr. C. H.Jones is about completed and he withhis family will occupy it in the nearfuture.j Mrs. Sophia Dangherty returned to1 her home at Cynthiana Friday afterspending a week with her niece, Mrs.jAshby Leer.J Mis9 Minnie Harris left Friday forher home at Germantown after spending two weeks with her niece, Mrs.Mrs. F. F. Hurst and little son, Edwin, were guests of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. Ed Cochran, at Eliazville,from Friday until Sunday.Mrs. A. T. Vimont left last week tojoin her husband in Colorado, wherethey will make their future home. Mr.Vimont is still improving.Messrs. J. A. Shoptaugh and W. A.Butler left Monday as delegates to theGrand Lodge of I. 0. O. F., which convenes at Louisville today.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. K. S. Snders i3 improvingnicely.Mrs. E. M. Neal is improving. slowly.Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson continuesvery low.f Mrs. Jesse Feeback is doing as wellss could be expected.Miss Sue Wood3, of Stanford, arrived SaMuJay as the guest of her sister,Mrs. S. M. Allen.day afternoon in honor pf- MissCarpenter.Mr. Thos. McCIintock attendedcounty court at Owingsville Monday.Mrs. J. D. Shy, of Paris, arrivedSunday to visit her son, Mr. H. D.Shy.All members of the Christian churchare urged to be present at prayermeeting Wednesday night.Mr. Elza Hawkins and family havumoved from Blue Licks to the property of Mrs. Anna Jefferson. .""Revllr S.'Sanders leaves tqday'forthe Synod of theSouthern Presbyterian church which convenes at BowlingGreen.Mrs. J. H. Stuart, of Carlisle, hssrented the Warford property from Dr.Wm. Miller and will occupyJ.it in afew weeks.Mr. E. T. Sheelar took his little son.nnxti IViT-il f - QKtaulor frt T,ovinrr(wiLJJ.CU-1-J lTJ.lll.uiJ uuw.111 uw iivaiusifiiiSaturday where he underwent a slightoperation for nasal trouoie.Mr. R. H. Dodson, of Bracken county, will arrive today at the bedside ofhis mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson,who continues to grow weaker.Mr. Chas. Wright, of Maysville,was the guest cf his sister, Mrs. C. C.ChanslQr, Sunday and Monday. Hewas accompanied home by his mother,who has been with her daughter forthe past few weeks.Long Litigation Ended.The litigation between Mrs. Reed'sestate at Mt. Sterling. Ky.. on the aneside, and the estate of Mrs. Mary L.Rogers and Capt. James R. Rogers onthe other, which has been going on formany years, was ended Thursday inthe Court of Appeals in favor o theestate of Mrs. Mary L. Rogers andCapt. James R. Rogers.The estate of Mrs. Reed was represented by Messrs Prewitt & Senff, ofMt. Sterling, and the estate of Mrs.' Mary L. Rogers and Capt. James RRogers was represented by Talbott &Whitley, of Paris.XWELCOME - - - WELCOMEi ,Owing to the inclement weather the !excursion from Carlisle to Frankfort ISaturday was not as well patronized 'as it otherwise would have been.iMr. Chas. Merrimee, of Cincinnati,was the guest of his mother and sister,Mrs. Lewis Merrimee and daughter.Miss Katherine, from Friday untilSunday.Mrs. C. M. Best will give an autumnluncheon Thursday afternoon from 2to 4 in honor of Miss Julia Carpenter,who will wed Mr. Shrout, of Owingsville, on October 18. Mrs. Chas.Martin gives a linen shower on Satur-Fifth Thursday ThanksgivingDay.President Taft has designated Thursday, November 30, as ThanksgivingDay this year. It has been the customto fix the last day of the month. Thisyear there has been doubt, becauseNovember happened to include fiveinstead of four Thursdays. The WhiteHouse has been besieged by theatricalmanagers and those in charge of college football games to settle thisdoubt, so that arrangements could bemade for the usual tpecial performances and sport that marks the day.B VHP HKHhSERv vKB 'HIV E HPJHihHHEIVHP HBHHiVflBiV 9iiiHEiiiv iv 1pIHOOLnujuwaFit Your Girls and Boys with a Pair of Our GoodWearing Up-to-Date School Shoes.t 'Every Shoe in this collection is made of good material that will standrough wear. The styles are up-to-date and insure the wearer a comfortable fitting Shoe.GRANDOPENINGFlowers and Souvenirs Given AwayString Music All DayOn the Stroke of 8 O'Clock in the Morning ofSaturday Next, October 14,A NewLADIES' CLOAK AND" , SUIT STORE .(Located on the corner of 5th and Main, Old Citizens'Bank Building)Will open its doors to the Ladies of Bourbon County with aNew and Full Line ofLadies' Wearing Apparelof Latest Styles and Models at Prices Suitable to Any andEvery Woman of Fashion.A. M. DO MB,Citizens' Bank Bids.Both 'Phones 129The prices are unusually low, quality considered," and could not beduplicated at any other stoie unless at much higher prices.We are new ready with many entirely new Fall styles for Men,Women and Children that are exclusively shown at our store.Specials For This WeekLadies' Gun Metal ButtonShoes, Latest Fall styles,hight toes and heals.Special.$1.99Ladies' Bench-made Shoesin Velvet, Tan and GunMetal.Special...$2.99Boys' Box Calf Shoes, OakSoles and Counters. Willtand rough wear.Special$1-2Little Gents' Box CalfShoes.Special99cMen's latest style Tan, GunMetal and Patent Colt Button and Lace.Special$2.49Men's Gun Metal ButtonShoes, $2.50 value.Special$99M Come to, Us for Your Footwear We ..Save You MoneyDAN336 Main StreetCOHENParis, Kentucky.L.At The Big Electric Sign.JLack 0! Funds Responsible.Lack of funds is responsible for thefailure of Kentucky State Universityto make the progres3that should havebeen made during the last few years,according to McKenzie R. Todd, StateInspector and Exaimner, who made hisreport to Governor Willson a few daysago. Mr. Todd says the prospects forthe university are better than everand the compliments President HenryS. Barker.Mr. Todd's report on the inspectionot accounts and affairs of the StateUniversity located in Lexington is avery lengthy one, and the inspectioncovers a period of the last three fiscalyears. So far as is known, it 13 thefirst official inspection that has beenmade by the State Inspector of theState University. There are someinteresting statements in connectionwith the report which will be of interest to the people of the State.Morgan Monument UnveiledWednesday.The unveiling of the General JohnHunt Morgan monument will be heldWednesday afternoon, October 18, at3 o'clock. This announcement hasbeen made by the committee on theunveiling.Elaborate preparations have been.made for the parade and the unveilingwhich will follow it and the committee intends to make it one of the bestaffairs of the kind ever held in Lexington. FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Canal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldabtbs and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfBig Suit Against L 3 N.- Suit has been filed in the WoodfordCircuit Court by William Parks,administrator of Thomas Parks,against the Louisville & NashvilleRailroad Company to recover $25,000damages for the death of ThomasParks, who was run over and killed byan L. & N. passenger train in Woodford county.Seeks Change 01 Venue.Mrs. Mary Cecil Cantrill, widow ofJudge Cantrill.. of the Court of Appeals, is seeking a change of venue inthe suit in whicnne is tne aerenaancand the city the plaintiff. At the lastterm of court Mrs. Cantrill and Contractor James D. Donovan were suedby the city. The jury brought in averdict in favor of Donovan, but failedto agree as to Mrs. Cantrill's liabilityThe case grew out of an injury sustaired by Mrs. Carrie Groff in front ofMrs. Cantrill's property. Mrs. Groffrecovered over $3,000 damages fromthe city, which is seeking to recoveriigainst Mrs. Cantrill on the groundsthatfthe accident was the result of hernpclicrence. the contractor having leftsome logs in the street while con-'structing a concrete sidewalk in front.f her property. !rSpecialGranite Ware SaleFor Thursday at 9:30Large Berlin Kettles at 10cAlso a limited number of 7 in 1 CookersOne to a CustomerSEE OUR WINDOW! National 5c and Mc Store,ALBERT JONES, Prop.I Our T inp nf frlina iLver is Very Complete.JT-nci'f T10 .li i in nr -Frwwedding gifts. IREMEMBER THIS JThe "House of Quality" only car- 1ries the very best in Solid Silver Iand we can give you anything Jfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,H Both Phones. Mi9;1Xt&Csi .J - vj-v.a tt