v j, A- tkTHE BOURBON NEWS.XPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1911.NUMBER 61hiym I !' ' !" '' ! HI EM.mjLfw)(its(Usfai(Xsas-j&MS..t-:fl$zz:mSJEfee-tPm-Whimd specials !At TheSIMONDep't Store,Monday, Aug. 7thLadies9 25c Gauze Silk Lisle Hoseafc Half-price, 1 2 1 -2c per pair.G pairs to a Customer.Sale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE-AU Summer Goods at Cost 1IWants Veterans to Come.Col. Green R. Keller, of Cailislewants all the survivors of Morgan'sfamous commind to know that the annual reunion will be held at Parks HillAugust 15 and 16, and that he desiredthia fact to be given wide publicitj in ioruer that it may come to the noticeof all the survivors. All arrangementsfor the reunion have been completedand while a large number have signified their intention to attend, Col.Keller wants all of the veterans totake a hand in the reunion and makeit a bigger success than any yet held.Melons- on Ice.all times the finestr"WE KNOW HOW"We have atmelons on ice.a P. COOK & CO.Vacation Days Will Son End.The school children have just amonth to enjoy their summer vacation,for the first Monday in Septemberschool again begins, and they willagain be back to hard work. It islikely that after the first .day, whenthe pupils in the city school are enrolled, school will be suspended untilafter the Bourbon Pair, to give thechildren this opportunity to attend.This custom has been followed yearafter year and will in all probabilityhe adhered to this fall.tt?BEST GROCERIESCost Least At The Robneel16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar $1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11.White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50Blueing, 2 boxes 05Best Gun Powder Tea, per pound 75Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per pound. .50Full Quart' Can Karo Syrup .-I'r. .... vff. . .10Brooms, 5-Tie 25Five Gallons Best Oil 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. C. LEN1HAINU Prop.Both Phones 234Wall Paper Bargains.We are making special prices thisweek on wall paper.J. T. HINTON. I$3.50 quart Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.STRAW MATS ATHALF PRICEsWatch this Space Next Week,wfw(fsk(hfwsifwwDrought in Bourbon Broken.After weeks of Buffering from extremely dry weather, the crops ofBourbon were treated to a soakingrain Wednesday aftrennon' and night,and the drought which has prevailedin this section for some time wasbroken. The precipitation causedgreat rejoicing among the farmres,who had begun to despair of theircrops. Corn and tobacco will be benefitted to a great extent and gardens,which have not suffered ruin from thelong, dry spell, will take new life.One-Fourth Oil.One fourth off en all men's andboys' suits.BENNIE WEISSBERG,Home for Better Clothes, SingerBuilding, Main street, Paris, Ky.$1.00 pint Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.)i .'We are selling onr entire line of Straw Hats andPanamas at half-price. Plain Straws, Rough Strawsand Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowns, all Shapes and Styles.Come in and buy a hat that will keep vour headcool during this hot month, and it will cost you butvery little.1wLook For The New StoreMitchell & Blakemore9IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyft9 ?;3;.3&.3&(: .i9S,HR.ieK,?IHrrh?affiJ;,,.Ktf,3f?3V35Orrrr mHATSPer Cent Off j: ' 'NSafe' 50c CAPS NSW 15G 1W2AfemSTRAW HATS IEGULAR PRICERVsvSg.illmJSTif.PANAMA25im 01 LOT BOYSA--2SIce Plantw ymm$&?$(Price & Co.T-"Clothiers.mmmRunning atpacity.Full CaSunday School Picnic.The -pupils of the Paris-Baptist Sunydav school enioved their annual pic-;4 wnic Tuesday in the woodlawn of Mr,Silas Bedford near this city. Thechildren were taken to the grounds inlarge wagons. At noon a substantiallunch was served and the occasionwas very enjoyable.NEW PRICES. .Look in Winters' windowfor new prices on ThermosBottles.A Curiosity.' Michael Howard brought to ouroffice last week an old Irish potatofrom the inside of which had grown anew potato as large as a hen's egg,says the Mt. Sterling Gazette. Thepotato had not been planted, but grewin the cellar. The new potato !hasabsorbed most all the substance fromthe old one and will continue to growuntil it is all absorbed. It is quite acuriosity.Atlantic City and Return.The Chesapeake & Ohio railway willrun a special train to Atlantic CityAugust 17, leaving Lexington at 11:40a. m., rate $17.00 round trip, good IBdays. Liberal stopovers returning.Sleeping car diagrams are now open.Persons wanting space reserved pleaseaddressGEORGE W. BARNEY, D P. A.,Lexington, Ky.$)?) 25SiKBimmmiiiiiminuiuuMiimiuimmmiimiiimiimmiiimFRANK & CO. IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. lREDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles inLAWNSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at 10 and J 2 J -2c a yardK&w&?1'SE.X.vYJt3 :!5-ST r-fTI WTl'J SC FH II TT.'W1 TrC-!! I) rV'k!? I rS Ti II -5V Ikv'l? IfT' if CTI57W. II-?H i JJ fr?.)S)S? . , Ibli;jfoMgraMgferaii?7i6T7i:vw7itt.ri5iv iThe plant ot the Paris Ice Manufacturing Company is running at fullcapacity, following the repairing ofthe break in the machinery which during the heated term came near occasioning an ice famine in this city.At present the plant is manufacturingforty-five tons daily, a supply greatlyin excess of the demand. Last weekthe company had such an immensesupply of ice in storage.it was thoughtit would be necessary to phut down theplant for a few days. This, however,was not necessary as in a few hot daysthe consumption of the storage icawas enormous.Bourbon's School Per CapitaIs $4.39.The Department of Education Wed-nesdav compl 'ted the tabulation ot theschool per capita for each county.The regular per capita is of course jS4.40, but some counties have an income from school bonds and some havemore income from the dog tax tiranothers.The counties that fall under $4.40are those that have "pajper" schools,which means schools that have lessthan fifty pupils, and enough is taken1 off the $4 40 to make he loss on the"Dauper" schools,j The Bourbon county per capita isS4.39: Farnklin, $4.33; Clark, $4.40;i Fayette, $4.45; Jessamine, S4.36;Madison, $4.42; Scott, $4.40; Breath-$4.54; Montgomery, J&4.45. Bullittcounty has the highest with $4.63.New.Fall Styles in Dress Ginghamsat J0 and 2 J -2c yard.S UIM MER SLIPPERS' Wd have just received several of the very newest stylesin'slippersfin Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede at1.95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pair15a.t -v&&Remnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash GoodstCalicoes, Etc, all at Big Reductionsi;; v- . Frank & Co. - , r;Paris, - - Kentuckyry tsUiillllJllUUMltrininiHil) ;a.niiiniiiiiiiiiiiunuiiiuiiMiiiiiiiiiiii4iititU''"iJJUMiiiiiiHiuiiiiiiiirTiTiiiiiiiiiTrwppiini15V, ..UmiII'srv t.,-mWkl;.ltHmi:?4sfi1IvfcHrl.v5iimmmmmmwwmMMmmmmm!mmmGfe7.4 .T-3 v.viasBseo?A . .. . .iAsm..'.v jmSCrvy-tr -- 1. wtfri vo Bf 1 1 it' n .- niM'trt t . -t m im m.iKAift. .riM'ti 'ij i-vu , tM c r; v- ir2P Jfe"5 a-v1 fe-r rJF vr?P -rc ri i5r r- -r sv mhTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST. 4, 1911.ret);ji;j(Fl!lMHffllTHE BOURBON NEWSPatriotismBOTH 'PHONES, 124v HO. 320 MAIN STKBET.The stomach is a larger factor in "life, liberty aa-i th parsuit of happiness" than most people are aware. Patriotismcan withstand hunger but not dyspepsia. The confirmed dyspeptic "is fit for trcssorr, stratagems and spoils." The maawho goes to the front f i I country with a weak stomachwill be a veak soldier and a fault finder."A sound stomach makes fo'r good citizenship as well as forhealth and happiness.Diseases of the stomach and-other organs of digestion andnutrition are promptly and permanently cured by the- U3e olDr. PIERGE'S GOLDEK METHGX.L DISCOVERY.It builds up the body with, sound flesh andsolid muscle.The dealer who offers a substitute-for the "Discovery" isonly seeking to make the little more profit realized on the,sale of less meritorious preparations.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser is sent freeon receipt of stamps to pay expense of mailing only. Send21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered book, or 31 stampsfor the cloth bound. Address World's Dispensary MedicalAssociation, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.SWIFT CHAMP?:;-- Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 19 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20vcents per line each issue; cards of thankB,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.3 Never Leak Never Need Repairs Fireproof Stormproof Handsome Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds ofbuildings. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$L.OO jPayable inSIX MONTHSAdvance1.00f iff1 "Tltb" "t -" ' " ; "- 1' T -iWmSwmcnts from all otJiers, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.trNONE BETTER.fflm. Jlddms Son,'142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THE GARDENSSgg&W;LOWRY &(US(isSSS1?n $sri4 (0tm 2M f'Sh Jfr- ViT-'iTfr j-mt-wu'm iw lwiiii 'wSy' mT fBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.flriBHBourbon Laundry,Paris7KentuokyR7kCan Live Long Without Food.An eagle can live 2S days withoutfood.'&.;'f&WHAT 'CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many N inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found that& simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledBczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives initant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andteals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairth ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsf complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure..Drop Into our store today, Just totalk oYr ;oar case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.ORSCALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguishes our Monu-NONE CHEAPERis a real pleasure if you 'i ayethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an'.'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. TALBOTTww?wOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rtictilar Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 7.6.LIQUID CURES ECZEMA' WHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan he brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined In the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skjn as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottU will start tixacur, and give you instant relief. ,lTobacco Trust is CompletingPlans.Various committees that have adver-jtised for holders of stocks and bondsof the American Tobacco Company todeposit their securities "under a certain agreement" are working in harmony with the interests of the bigcompany, which was ordered by thesupreme court of the United States, itwas announced in New York by Morgan J. O'Brien, counsel for one of thecommittees.'Neither the company nor the committees have designed a plan for thedissolution of the trust, it was said,but a definite public announcement isexpected by August 28.Agreements between the securityholders and the committees are similarto instruments issued in reorganizations, giving the committees thewidest discretion and guaranteeing tothe depositors the payment of interestor dividends.New Kentucky Distillery.Another distillery will be erected inFiankfort in the near future. TheSaffell Distilling Comnanv filedarticles'of incorporation in that city.The capital stock is $100,000. Theincorporators are Joseph Gross, ofLexington, 994 shares E. W. Weitze 1and C. W. Saffell. of Frankfort, threeshares each. It will be erected nearthe Frankfort fair grounds.Locust Timber Dying.All over Nichcias county the locusttimber is reported as dying. In everydirection the leaves of the locust treesare dead and falling, and much fear isentertained for the safety of the timber, which is very valuable.Must Dip Sheep.2 The State Live Stock Sanitary BoardMonday issued an order covering allsheep entering Kentucky, and givesinstruction that all sheen enmin? intothis state from other states, unless forimmediate slaughter, shall be dipped',either in the tobacco or nicotine dip ora lime or sulphur dip. The order alsoprescribes that when shipments ofshenp originating in or in transitthrough the state, shall be found diseased, the, cars, boats, vehicles, wardsheds, &c. that have contained thediseased sheep shall not be used untilcleaned and disinfected. All sheepmovedjnto the state or out of it mustfirst be inspected by county live stockinspectors and their certificate of in-. BDection must be pinned to the waybill.Must Obey Auto Law.Governor Willson will not permit hissympathy for automboile owners toextend to granting their pardons foroffenses against the law in this state.He said so Tuesday in a letter to C.G. Barrickman, City Attorney ofShelbyviile. 'The Capacity for Recreation.Many oien of great natural abilitygo through life doing mediocre workmost of the time, because they neverknow the secret of recreating, refreshing, renewing themselves, says OrisonSwett Marden in "Success Magazine"There are multitudes of DeoDle whosework would improve immensely if they,couia oniy learn now to renew, recreate themselves. The sanity and powerot all mental faculties depend upon it.How quickqly our courage,enthusiasm,hope, faith, self-confidence, the abilityto stick begin to weaken the momentthe brain fags. One single hour ofintense concentrated effort is worthmore than days of trying to force thebrain, in second-class condition, to dofirst-class work.Most men underestimate the tremendous importance of mental freshness and vigor. Good thinking canonly come from a clear brain, and aclear brain is dependent upon pureblood: and onlv ennd food nlpnf-v nf-sleep, lots of play, good, healthful 'recreation in tne open air, and mentalharmony, can make fresh blood.It is force, vigor, robustness,spontaneity, that count in one's creative work. If these qualities are absent, the product must be inferior.No great work can be accomplished byan overworked or fagged brain. Manypeople work hard so many hours during the week that they do not havesufficient rest or recreation en Sundayto get rid of the brain ash, the brokendown tissues, from the weeks' work.You may be sure that when your headfeels thick and dull and "you have greatdifficutly in concentrating your mind,there are enemies of your erficiency inyour blood in the way of poisons, wornout dead cells that you must get ridof. Much of this can be done bythinking, by mental chemistry, if youknow how to do it, but nothing willtake the place of that refreshment andself renewal which come from plentyof outdoor exercise, sleep and recreation. Forced recreation, exercisetaken for the sake of health, amountto very little. The right mental attitude has everything to do with effecting what is desired. iDEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor GovernorJAMES B. McCREARYof MadisonFor Lieuteuant GovernorE, J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WOBTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAY$100 Reward, $100. 'The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that, science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive curet now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly uron the blood andmucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the K.undation of thedisease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo. O.Sold by druggists ?lc.Take Hall's'Family Pills for constipation.Women KeyPounders to Go.The Western Union Telegraph Company h?s issued an order that beginning with August 1, all women operators will be dispensed with. The edictwill effect about 600 female key-pounders.Sued for Killing Robber.George Longnecker, who shot andkilled George Watson, alias Insko.nearMaysville, on the night of June 15,while Watson and his companion Dur-nall, sought to rob Longnecker andTimothy Ryan, has been sued for815,000 damaees through the EquitableTrust Company, of Dover, as guardian. What is Beer? Do You Know?I Having long ago 'settled the mixedproblem of "Wnat is whisky," theAgricultural Department Board ofFood and Drug Irspection, headed byDr. Harvey W. Wiley, has undertookto determine what is beer.Manufacturer of beer and othermalt beverages and barley raisersfrom all over the country are attending the heannu at Washington andothers have sent their views by mail.The object of the inquiry is to bringmalt liquors within f.the (scope of thepure food and drug act, and to dtstermfne just what sr all be contained inthe liquids sold under thelabels"LagerBeer," "Bock Beer," ale, porter,stout and malt extract. The board haspropounded a series of questions as totne increments, iermentmg, coloring,carbonating, etc.In the cure of consumntion.concentrated,easilydigestednourishment is necessary." For 35 yearsScott's Emulsionhas been the standard,world-wide treatment forconsumption. AUDrvnutsGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOIH'PJBKXNES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.,gPWffi1gg" i" "n''?,TrlTrirT-jYr TlW7(irrmWere you dissatisfied with vourI lastcoal: TryI .Best the earth producesnd every Jump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.(&S(2rSJCSftXjtgrsg7gSpa2g?East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County changes atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little' Rock an,Ruddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service you -HAVEtelephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedmnnmCured by the Marve! of theCentury, B, B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints perm anently cured throuh the blood withpure;tJotonioal Ingredients. To proveit we will send von a SaatptrTREATMENT FREE.If you havebone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns -r hif ting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B) which will removeeverj sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed ner es. bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making apenecD, lasting cure ot Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othejmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with diiections for home cure.S -mrni a:nr free by writing Blood.-ii 3 Atlanta, Ga. Describey u trcun'e nd free medical advicegion. cl:l ky Varden & Son.Put Confidence In Nurse.Very small experience of practice isneeded to show that in serious Hlaesstne patient's friends generally ask the.nurse if she thinks the doctor "reallyunderstands the case," and they aremuch, influenced by her opinion andthe manner in which she gives itLondon Hospital.Not a Home-Loving People.New York city, with more than threetimes the population of Philadelphia,has no more homes owned by theiroccupants than has the City of Brotherly Love.JExcursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,.And ReturnVIAsM.iSunday, Aug, 6, 'lFare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. nr "returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St&station 7 p. in.Excursion tickets p-nnrl tiItt nnspecial train in both directions.r or turther inform ation apply to -W. H. HARRIS, Agent: .or D. S. JORDAN . T. A. JFalls Victim to Thieves. " vS. W. Bends, of Coal City, Ala.,hasa justifiable grievance. Two thievesstole his health for twelve years.Theywere a liver and kidney trcuble.Then.ur. iijng'SiNew jbiie fills throttled .them. He's well now. Unrivaled for"constipation, malaria headache, dvspepsia. 25c at Oberdorfer's.New York's ttight to BeastNew York city leads the world In ed-'ucational facilities: It has mo-eluCifc man it nas policemen. :&Wuieu anu leiter carriers.Palm Wine's Many Uses.In addition to being a heverage, Ypalm wine may be used as a yeast, ai tinsecticide, and a disinfectant, and, itvalso will remove rust from metals v WTi.G. S. Varden & Son.:, $ Nfifi.r.0L-AVBTfi- fci.JiKc1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 4, 1911,iiirrmiM minnriMtfunT Mminiiiinimn man iiiui i i n ii i. i.i'i ir iii ... Aniimam4si MMBmaw5I5 InifflfifmnfWtmfffBJob Printing!WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDeed Work- Chean WorkTRE J9B R60fflS OFTHEMEWSAre prepaired toPrinting on shortBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,Let us figure with you orron your next workOtir facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modern'faces.be Bourbon news,,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.VmUiUiUiiuuiiiBene Ciie&p;Bone Good!do the best ofnotice such asRU. S. MARINE BANDAT THEComing of This Musical Organization Indicates Importanceof the Big Exposition Week of August 7th to 12thUnited States Marine Band, from Photograph Taken in Front of the WhiteHouse, Washington D. C.The most remarkable opportunitythat has ever been offered the peopleof Kentucky in a musical way will bethe appearance of the famous UnitedStates Marine Band, which comesfrom Washington City to play at theBlue Grass Fair at Lexington throughout the week of August 7th to 12th.Conceded by competent judges everywhere to be the best organizationof its kind in the world, the fame ofthe Marine Band has extended to every section of the country. It may betruthfully stated that in very largedegree it was this band which madeJohn Phillip Sousa, the noted bandmaster, famous. Under his directionthe Marine Band attained a degree ofeminence that brought it into international prominence and during the termof its present leader, Lieut. William A.Santelmann, it has fully maintainedthe standards then set.The mere statement that the MarineBand is coming to the Blue Grass Faircarries with it a tremendous testimonial of the importance of the bigexposition which will hold forth atLexington during the second week inAugust. Never before has this notedorganization appeared on the groundsof any fair state, district or county.Indeed, only in instances of the largestexpositions, such as the World's Fairsat Chicago and St. Louis, has it beenallowed to le?ve Washington. Its coming to Lexington is the result of threeyears' work on the part of the management of the Blue Grass fair.Efforts have been made continuously for each of the past three years tosecure this great organization, butwithout success, until the present season. And in thte instance the resulthas been achieved 'only through thepowerful influence of Hon. ChampClark, speaker of the house of representatives, who through personal effort secured the consent of the' PresiTHE POULTRY SHOWThe poultry show at the Blue Grassfair the week of August 7th to 12th,is going to be a feature of outstanding importance. A classification embodying prizes for 268 different classesof poultry and pigeons has been opened and every indication points to arecord-breaking entry list. Mr. S. B.Lane, of Spiceland, Ind., has consented to judge the poultry. Dr. C. W.Trapp, of Lexington, will judge thepigeons. The show is being managedby men who have been prominent inBlue Grass Poultry association, whoare thoroughly in touch with poultryconditions throughout the south andwho feel suie of being able to bringto the Blue Grass fair such an entrylist as will make a most creditable anddesirable show.WOMAN'S DEPARTMENT.The Woman's department of theBlue Grass fair, which will be held atLexington the week of August 7th to12th, is more extensive and importantthis year than ever before. The premium list has been improved and enlarged and classes are offered which 'cover specifically almost every kindof women's work and table luxury.To this department is given up the entire third floor of the large Floral hall.On the second floor of the building areattractive booths utilized by Lexington merchants for the display of theirwares. As for two years past, the Floral hall will be under the direction andmanagement of Mr. G. Norton Sharpe.It promises to be more attractivefrom every standpoint this year thanever before.HALF FARE RATES TO FAIR.Do not fail to visit the Blue Grassfair at Lexington, the week of August7th to 12th. One-half fare rates willprevail on all railroads in Kentucky.Each afternoon, beginning with Tuesday, there will be aeroplane flights bythe world renowned aviator, J. A. D.McCurdy. Each afternoon and evening, beginning with Sunday, August6th, there will be magnificent bandconcerts by the renowned U. S. Marine band from Washington City."7 :WILL PLAYBLUdent of the United States and of thesecretary of the navy, to allow theband to make the trip. Each of themen composing the organization is entitled to a furlough for a brief periodevery year. By granting all of the furloughs for the week of August 7th to12th, the navy department made possible the engagement of the band bythe Blue Grass fair without violatingits own rule.ril-c uiici-t the summer months theMani'o Band gives a concert en thelawn I:i front of the White House atWar i lton each Satin day atternoon.Aftc ihe regular concert on the aite 'nocn cf Ausur-t .1th, it will take a special t: am to Lexington, arriving overthe C. &"0. railroad on Sunday, August lib. Sunday evening a specialsacred concert will be given at theBlue Crass fair grounds and each afternoon and evening throughout theweek of the fair this splendid bandwill furnish the music.The opportunity that will thus be afforded the people of Cential Kentuckyis absolutely unpiecedented. Anylover ct music would gladly pay from$1.00 to $1.50 to hear such an organization as the Marine Band, but at theBlue Giass fair prolonged concerts bythis, band will be heard and innumerable features of the greatest interestwill, in addition, be offered all for theadmission fee of fifty cents. It, therefore, seems reasonable to suppose thaton the strength of this one feature themanagement of the fair may anticipate record-breaking crowds.At each concert not only will an excellent program of instrumental musicbe given, but there will also be variedvocal selections. The Marine Bandhas its own chorus of splendid malevoices and the programs will be so arranged as to give the audiences thefull benefit of the training and themelody of these voices.RUNNING RACES WILL BE GIVENON EACH OF THE SIX DAYSOF BLUE GRASS FAIR.Each Day Will Witness a Cup RaceOpen to All Members of the Gentlemen's Driving Club ofLexington.An excellent speed program hasbeen arranged for the Blue Grass fair,which will be held at Lexington theweek of August 7th to 12th. On eachof the six days will be given runningraces and on Monday," Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Frviday therewill be races for light harness horsesas well. On each of these days willbe witnessed, a cup race open to members of the Gentlemen's Driving clubof Lexington and one of the severalraces for wliich monetary prizes areoffered.The 2:16 trot is scheduled for iheafternoon of Monday, August 7th; thetwo-year-old trot for Tuesday afternoon; the 2:20 pace for Wednesday;the three-year-old trot for Thursday,and the 2:22 trot for Friday. In boththe 2:16 trot and the two-year-old trotat the Blue Grass fair last year newrecords for the season were set.There is every reason to believe thatthese events will be equally interesting in the contests which they offerthis year and will probably bring together a larger number of horses.The most attractive feature in thematter ,of running races will be a special race for gentlemen riders, whichhas been gotten up at the request ofmembers of the Lexington Polo club.In this club are being developed anumber of expert horsemen and theGentlemen's Cup race will bring together eight or ten of these, mountedon some of the best thoroughbreds tobe found in Central Kentucky. Thisrace will be put on Monday afternoon,the opening day of the fair, and is certain tp prove one of the most attractive features witnessed during theweek. iE GRASS FAIRSPEED PROGRAMCat's Advantage.The following composition was written by a ten-year-old nephew of Josh'Billings, when the teacher gave him"Dogs and Cats" for a subject: "Dogsand kats allways fite ech uther whentha kit a chance; but a dog ain't nomatch for a kat, because a kat kinmake her tail biggern a ball club andrun up a tree whil a dogs gittin rid-dy."Society and Religion."Evidently it is not of real and givensociety that we are speaking when weexplain by the action of society thereligious attributes of the human soulIt is of ideal society, of society in sofar a.- it strives afte tat, that justice, that happiness. t"-r tmth, thatsuperior harmony, of v kih religionis the expression." E Houtroux.roor remuneration.The unique 'services of the clairvoyant are lightly esteeme.1 in Austria. So it would seam, at least, froma cun'is tale thit ccues to handFrp.. Lirchbauer. v !o dreamt correctly where a savings bank'' dpoit bookfor 2,500 had been hidden by a manbefore death, has just received "54from his heirs in the Vienna courts"for services rendered."Outspoken.Little William has not V-t"iRrneuto be diplomatic, and, when 'Ircd of acertain situation, does not heJate tosay so. Not lone since two little girls,somewhat older than himself, spentthe day with his mother. In themorning William found them charming, but at the luncheon table heasked, solemnly regarding the guestswith eyes wide and earnest: "Mother.I don't think we, want tnem in ourhouse all the time; do we?"Good Advice to Teachers."Deal in broad generalities, be philosophical, but hide your philosophy soskillfully that you appear as artless asthe minds you address. Let your language be simle, noble, "magnanimous.Never pride yourself on teaching agreat number of things. Hest contentto rouse curiosity. Be satisfied withopening your scholars' minds, and donot overload them. Without any interference of yours they will catch fireat the point where they are inflammable." Anatole France.Corrosion in Metals.Corrosion in metals is said to beprevented by the passage through themetals of a weak current of electricity.This is a "like cure like" treatment,for the pitting of the metals is saidto be due to the local electrical action,that is, feeble current developed bythe acidular water on dissimilar metals, often impurities in the metal itself, at the point of corrosion.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. ,D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that Its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. 13so penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this gr,eat householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. Is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and .absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kill-? ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bvtaking Botaric BhWl Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system ot thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withever' sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed,, ardin'teis way making a perfect, lastirgcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples.sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.PIITflRRHbHlHnnn!IEI 100 YOlBNew York Judge- Declares Waron Hasty Marriages.Declares Mating of Children s-SInAgainst Humanity and Should 'Be Stopped at Once by"New Laws.New York. "It is a recognized factthat at least 75 per cent of the hastymarriages made between young people result unhappily. Nearly 50 percent end in the divorce courts andmore would if such a course could boafforded."Judge R. C. Cornell of the domestic,relations court has not only beenmaking a study of the cases of young;married peor-Ie who come before himibut has been waging war against!hasty marriages."It is getting so nowadays," said!the judge, "that a boy of 19 mayimarry a girl of 16 and the authoritiesare Lone the wiser until about a yearafterward, when the young couple,tired of playing 'keeping house,' cometo this court for aid."This condition of affairs Is notonly a reflection on the parents and?their laxity in caring for their chidren, but it is also a disgrace to thecity government, and I believe thafcJ unless it is stopped the city will be so-overrun with families, poor and discontented, that it will be the laughingistock of the country."There Is a remedy for this, andJone that should be put in force. In!the first place no marriage should bemade between young people unlesstheir ages are attested by pome relative or a guardian. This may seem ajlittle matter but it is an important)one, as any one who sits in this courfcwill realize. There is a great difference in the girl of 16 and of 18 or 20JThe girl of 16 is nothing more than!a child and it Is a sin to let thesemarriages go on. Many marriages arejtaking place between children of 18and 19 who lie to get marriage IIcenses. "The parents or guardians should)be made to swear to the ages, and!understanding what an oath meansshould be duly impressed with thaconsequences if they commit perjuryJ"In many such cases the marriagewould not be made if its comtempla-ttion were made public. Those interested In the good of the young peoplewould prevent it. But the secrecythat is possible now makes rash and;hasty marriages of mere children)easy. It would be an excellent thing!if a law was passed making it necessary for the contemplated marriage tobe published a mojith in advance ofithe time of the wedding."Such a law would guard the children in two ways. It would makepossible the interference of the parent or guardian if the marriage wasill-advised and it would also give thefoolish children a month in which tothink over the situation.""HELLO" GIRL HAD LISTENEDCharming Army Woman, With Apartments in Fashionable House,Loses Woman Friend.New York. Until recently a charm-1! ing army woman, who lives in one ofithe fashionable apartment Louses notfar from the Army and Navy club,was the best of friends with the operator at the telephone switchboard1downstairs. Now all this is changed.Over the telephone an acquaintancewas telling the army woman of somerecent Washington happenings. "Better leave the rest of the story untilsee jou," she suggeste when the conversation drifted into details."I am afraid the telephone 'girl islistening to what you say," she cautioned a little later in the story. "Youhad better be careful." Still the conversation was unbroken. "Really."broke in the army vrman a little later, "I feel that I must tell you that Iam sure the girl at the telephoneboard is listening and you must stop."When the army woman next wentdown stairs the young woman at thetelephone desk declined to answer -hecheerful "good eveninj."DUTY ON OLD DECK OF CARDSGerman Customs Officers Find DogEared Pack in Traveler's Suitcase Things Made Warm.London. Americans who have returned here from a trip to Germanyare of opinion that the Inspectors ofthe New York custom house can vtakelessons in making travelers uncomfortable from their brethren in Germany. Jacob Heilborn, who has just returned from a trip to the Fatherland,tells of a trying experience. Not content to accept his declaration that hehad nothing dutiable, the inspectorsemptied out his suit cases and madethings very warm for him' when theycame across a dog-eared pack of playing cardsHeilborn told them he had carriedthe pack for years, as it is his custom when he cannot find a congenialcompanion upon whom to unload hissfund of good stories to play solitaire.Asks for Big Sun.Berlin. he city council will shortlybe invited to sanction a loan of $S9000,000, the money being required fordevelopments already approved ia Uway of gas. water and canalization,underground railway, street improvaments and soon. (8?ii'H"Vito vjViirt."J y.,1i -lz:nt.1.!tlhai-1M?tfr'Mlu4uli''HHv-rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 4, 1911mi-OjiAddressed Harrison ConventionElder Carey E. Morgan wentCyntbiana yesterday where last nighthe addressed the Harrison bountySunday School Convention in sessionin that city..9If aster s SaleOFCity PropertyBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Anna Massie, Executrix, &c.On petition.By virtue of a judgment and ordert)f sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,ot the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky-, about 11 o'clock a. m., oncredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the property described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit:The property to be sold consists ofa lot and warehouse thereon in Paris,Ky., adjoining the right of way of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company and decsribed as folllows.A certain brick warehouse and lot inParis, Bcurbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thpfront by said street 103 feet beginningat the corner of the brick warehousenow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcratt at a point marked A on theside towards the Kentucky CentralRailroad and zunning from said corneralong said Main cross street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram marked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked.iC pn the diagram, thewall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehousebeing on the line ; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance of 30 feet running along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central passenger dpot to the corner of the housemarked D on the diagram given herein; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of611-2 feet; thence from the pointmarked E at the end of Hutcbcraf t'swarehouse along the line of said warehouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedF on the diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches, and thence from saidcorner along the said side or saidwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon Counry Court.The purchaser will be requited toftxecate bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety bearing interestit the rate of six pet cent per annumfrom date until paid, having the forceand effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be accepted for less than$8,000. tRUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.uioodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderI Diseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston. Mass.Gentletnen:-Rjnaiy send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old.ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly.Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, 111.W. T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALE.; International Corn Husker goodasnew.I SAMUEL CLAY.P tf R. F. D. No. 3.arks' HillAugust 3-13.ie Program For the Assembly Meeting on the abovedate is full of good thingsfrom beginning to close.FINE MUSICI 9Hungarian Orchestra, seven pieces15 Good Lectures.Entertaining and instructive Car-'onist.First-class of high order of MovingMiss Grace Parlett to entertain andstruct the children.Train service during week from.rig just right to 'get full benefitteh afternoon and night at specialpec.! pottages can be engaged by writ-f to --i I. B. ROSS. Rp.cratittTxrCarlise, Ky.. CDflDTItin UCUIC I CTTCHto vl ullllllu lILllU LLllLIIBy C. H. ZUBEK.Cincinnati, August 3, 1911. Duringthe next few weeks there premises tobe quite an influx of new talent intothe big leagues from the variousminor organizations. A number ofpurchases ot youngsters has been announced, and these recruits will reportto their new owners just as rapidly asit is seen that the teams with whichthey now are playing have no opportunity for higher positions than thosethey now occupy. Among the newReds who are expected to report inthe near future are Pitcher Compton,of Dayton; Pitcher Buyd, of Uttumwa ; Catcher Murphy, of Dallas ; Pitcher Benton and Third Baseman vPhelan,nf the Southern League, and one ortwo uthers. As fast as these men re-port they will be put into the game,as the local club is determined to doas little expeiimenting as possiblenext spring, feeling rthat now is thetime to ascertain the true worth ofthe youngsters, as all of them areplaying at their best speed and so cangive a true accounc of their abilities.Of the new men being tried out atpresent, Marsans and Alrr.eida aremaking the best showing, and theprospects are bright that they will beamong the regulars when the teamgets busy for its battles for highhonors next spring.It is doubtful if any team ever organized canplace as many nationalitiesin the rield as the Reds and everyman, with possibly one exception,playing in his regular position, too.Here's an "international" line-up thatcannot be equaled by any club in anyleague: Cacther, Severeid, Norweigan ; Pitcher, Caspar, French ; Firstbase, Hoblitzell, Austrian ; SscondBase, Grieve, Scotchman ; ShortstopBaSenti, Indian; Third Base, Almeida,Portugese; Left Field, Bescher, German, Center Field, Bates, Englishman; Right Field, Mitchell, Irish.Add to this list Marsans, Cuban, extra outfielder ; Suggs, American, pitcher,, and Griffith, Welshman, manager,and by far the greatest, diversity ofnationalities ever gathered together onone team is exhibited.It's still anybody's pennant in theNational League, with the ChicagoCubs enjoying a short hunch in firstplace. New York, Philadelphia, St.Louis and Pittsburg still are in therunning, and any of these clubs maybe found at the top of the ladder whenthe season closes. Judging by thework they have done this season, andcomparing thi zsith the manner inwhich the Detroits and the Athletics,the real contenders for the flag in theAmerican League, are performing, itwould seem that the world's championship again would go to the AmreicanLeague next fall, no matter, which ofthe Itwo teams mentioned wins theflag. Local fans will have the opportunity of sizing up two of the possibleNational League champions on thenext two Sundays, as the Phillies,minus Charlie Dooin, are here for agame next Sunday, August 6, whilethe Pittsburgs come for a double header for one admission on Sunday, August13, these being the last Sunaay appearances of the Reds on the local lot untilearly in September.American lovers of the fistic art areloudly applauding Governor Dix, ofNew York, and remarking: "Wouldn'the make a fine President?" And allbecause the chief executive of theEmpire State has signed the bill permitting boxing contests with pillows.The new law limits fight to ten rounds,insists that they' shall be conductedbefore club& that are able to put up aS5.000 forfeit, makes the weight ofthe gloves eight ounces, and annexes5 per cent of the receipts of thesefights to the State treasury. Fromnow on, old Gotham will echo with thetup tap of the big mitts, nd the ordinary fighter again will be given theopportunity of picking up an occasional piece of beer money.The easy raorqy which Jack Johnsonexpected to pick up by fighting Pac'dyCurran, the Irish champion, in Dublinthis month.seems to have taken flight.Reports fro n Dublin are to the effectthat the fight will not be allowjd totake place because of the prospect ofa-riot ensuing if the Irishman is inany way worsted. At the last tightteld in Dublin the spectators engagedin a disrgaceful brawl, and the authorities fear a repetition of this mix-up.Johnsun, by the way, is disgusting allhis followers in this country by hisdeclaration of fealty to Great Britainand his expressed hope that he willnever have to return to the UnitedStates again, as this country "neveraia anything tor him. Perhaps wecan get along without the Galvestonroustabout, and may even be glad welost him.Winchell Against Reds.Frank Winchell, ex-Bourbonite, inan exhibition game at Dayton Tuesdaypitched three innings against the Cincinnati Reds, not allowing a single hitand struck out two of the opposingbatsmen. Winchell is pitching greatball for the Old Soldiers and with thesale of Compton will take the ifrontrank among the Dayton twirlers. OfWir.chell's pitching the CincinatiCommercial Trbiune says:"Winchell displayed some dashingbits of flinging, and the Reds lookedfoolish in their unfortunate attemptsto make the ball go safe."Melons on Ice.Fine Georgia Watermelons mdInJiana canteloupes on ice at all timesthe finest to be had.1 2t T. LENIHNAN.New Catcher for Lawmakers.George Markeles, a gseventeen-year-oldyoungster of Atlanta, Ga., willplay professional ball next season withthe Frankfort BluetGrass League club.Markeles has caught for numerouscity league teams and is regarded asquite a classy performer. Ir. thgames in Atlanta he has always hitaround 300 and shines brightest atthrowing to the bases.TUESDAY.Paris . . 16 9 640 M'y'sv'e 12 14l462Lexi'g'n 15 10 600 Fr'nkf't 11 15 423Richm'd 13 13 500 Win'ster 10 16 385With Shears on the firing linedispensing an assortment of slantsthat proved a complete puzzle thePioneers were the recipients of a longline of goose eggs.So effective was Shears that thePioneers were unable to connect successfully but three times, one of themgoing for an extra base.Manager Olson was put out of thegame fur disputing a decision, resulting in a shift of the line-up. TheBourbonites hit the ball hard andpounded out eleven safeties.The features of the game were thebatiing of McKernan and Barnett, anda one-handed catch of Haines, whopulled down a long drive from Goodman's bat that looked good tor a circuit of the bases. The score:Richmond 00000000 o 0Paris 2 0 4 0 10 0 0 07Batteries Paris, Shears and Mayer;Richmond, Ahearn end Haley. EnorsParis 5, Richmond 3. Hits Paris 11,Richmond 3. Struck out by Ahern 3.by Shears 4. Bases on balls offShears 1, off Ahern 1. Two base hitsHaines, McKernan 2, Haley. Thrpebase hits Kuhlman, Maxwell. Homerun Barnett. Double plays McKernan to Harrell to Barnett. Sacrificefly Goodman. Hit by pitcher Mayer, Barnett, Walden. Left on basesParis 6, Richmond 8, Time 1:45.Umpire McGloon.,Lexington 5, Winchester 4.ville 7, Frankfort 5.Mays-WEDNESDAY.Paris ..16 9 640Lexi'g'n 15 10 600Richm 'd 13 14 481M'ysVe 12 15 444Fr'nkf't 12 15 444Win'ster 11 16 407Rain brought a clcse in the fouthinning Wednesday afternoon the gamebetween Lexington and Paris, with thelatter leading by a score of 2 to 0. TheColts had a man on in each round, butthe snap with which the locals playedprevented them from getting fartherthan the second station.Harrell put up an article of ball thatcompletely took the visitors off theirfeet and he participated in two brilliant double plays that in each instanceretired the side.Schenebeig was on the filing lineand pitching excellent ball, while Longwas sent in to oppose the bourbonitesand had not rain bought the game to aconclusion undoubtedly he would havebeen hammered to all corners of thelot.Ilarrell's error gave Vicx life andBachang moved him up witn a sacrifice. Badger wab lined to McKernanand Viox was doubled at second. Paiiswent out in order, and Schenebergopened the second by pabsing Eddington. Yancey sent a hot one throughthe .pitcher's box, Harrell making abeautiful one handed pick-up forcirgEddy at second and killing Yancey atfirst.Again in their half Paris was retired without much of an effort and Longopened the third with a single ucenter.perishing at second on O'Laiy'sroller to Scheneberg. Robbins andEllis flied out. Ihe threatening weather took a hand and Umpire Kane supended play. After twenty minutesthe game was resumed.Atter two were out in their halfScheneberg singled to center. Harrellscratched one through Long. Bothscored when McKernan drove to rightfor two bases. Bachang walked inthe fourth, when the flood gates wereopened and the rain fell in torrents,precluding the contest.THURSDAY.Paris ..18 9 667Lexi'g'n 15 12 556Richm'd 14 14 500Fr'nkf't 13 -15 464M'ys'v'e 12 16 421Win'ster 11 17 393Jiramie Hauser, with wonderful control and an assortment of curves that:fooled the Colts for La fraction oversixteen innings won two games fromliexington at the yard yesterday afternoon.Hauser wasn't thought of when thefirst game opened, but in the secondinning when Jack Scheneberg's controlwent to the bad and later passing acouple allowed enough hits to countfor three runs, .he was sent in withthe oases clogged, and Lexington fullof fight. Two were out ana Hauserforced the ninth man up in the secondround to pop an easy one to Maxwell.Through the remainder of the gamehe went keeping the Colts guessingand up to the ninth only five men goton bases. All the time the locals werehammering vigorously at Long andwith the bombardment came runs tothe number of seven. Chapman madea remarkable display with the stickand out of four trips to the plate hitsafely as many times, getting threedoubles and a three-bagger and scoringt hree runs.To hold the Colts safe in the firstbout of the doublebreasted affair wasnot all that Hauserdid. He went nineinnings farther, growing stronger aseach frame resulted in a cipher for hisopponents. Better still, he 'was soeffective that in the full nine framesthe Colts did not get a semblance of ahit.Behind him Paris was hitting Robbins hard and fielding like fiends. Only three Colts reached the first station,two on gifts and one on Barnett's er-,ror. Not one got as far as the second'station during the entire game. Thescore :First game.Lexington 03000000 03 ,Paris... 1 2010021 x-7,Batteries Lexington, Long and 'Ellis ; Paris, Scheneberg, Hauser andMayer. Hits Lexington 6, Paris 11. iErrors Lexington 1, Paris 1. Earnedruns Lexington 2, Paris 6. Two-basehits Maxwell, Chapman 3, Bamer.t.Three base hits Barnett, Eddington,Chapman. Bases on balls off Long 1,off Scheneberg 3, off Hauser 2. Struckout by Long 1, by Hauser 1. Left onbases Lexington 7, Pars 4. Doubleplays Harrell to Barnett, Kimbro toViox, Baschang tc Kibmro to Badger.3 hits and 3 runs off Scheneberg in 12-3 innings. Hit by pitcher McKernan.Time 1:50. Umpire Kane.1 Second game.Lexington 00000000 00Pans 12000051 x 9Batteries Lexington, Robbins and 'Ellis; Paris, Hauser and Mayer. HitsParis 9. ' Errors, Paris 4, LexintgonBASE BALL.1. Two' base hits McKernan, Goodman. Bases on balls off Robhins 4,off Hauser 2. Streak out by Robbins2, by Hauser 6. Wild pitch Robbins.Passed balls Elils 2. Time 1 :20.Umpire Kane. Attendance 1,200.Richmond 6, Winchester 0. Maysville 2, Frankfort 1, 15 innings.Negro Prisoner Captures Runaway.Chas Parker, a nergo confined inthe county jail under indictment andawaiting ttiai for malicious cuttingmade an attempt to escape from thecounty jail yesterday afternoon, butwas captured ana again landed in jailby another prisoner.The prisoners working at the countyquarry were being turned into theconidors when Parker taking advantaeof Deputy S. M. Beatty pushed himinto the corridor, locked the door andmade a dash for liberty. Jailer Harris and Pres L annum serving a termfor malicious cutting, pave chase.Lannum armed hirrstlf with a cluband overtook the fleiing negro at thebank of the cieek, where Parker madea stubborn resistance.Lannum wielded the club with telling effect upon Carter's head and beatthe negro inio submission, retuiningwith him to the jail where he wasturned over to Jailer Fans.Public Debt Shows Increase.Government finances for July werepractically teatureles?, except for anincrease of about $25,000,000 in thepublic debt. Ihis was caased ny tneissue of Panama bonds. Although thetotal issue is S5O,O0Q,00O, it is but halfoutstanding on account of the inabilityof the Government to furnish the usual number of coupon bonds requested.The total cash held in the Treasury'svaults touched a new record auringthe month and reached 81,889,247,000.The steady production of gold in thiscountry is t e cause. July shows-adeficit of $16,000 000 ' on ordinaryTreasury operations, but the generalcondition of the Treasury is now somuch stronger than a year ago that acomparison is hardly warranted.With a general fund at $152,500,000and a working balance of more than$91,000,000 at the close of business,Treasury officials feel satisfied thatany Jurther financing will be unnecessary for nonths to come.Ihe Government's receipts continueto shew decreases from all sources,exccpt internal rerenue. Nationalbank circulation at the beginning ofthis month stood at $732,800,000.Struck Water at Depth o! 60 Feet.The Baldwin Packing Co. has justcompleted the drill ng ot an artesianv ell at its plant near this city and ata depth of sixty feet a fine flow ofwater was struck. Drilling was continued till a depth of one hundred feetwas reached.Will Return To Paris.J. W. Grinnan, who disposed of hisharness shop in this city to Archdeacon Bros., of Carlisle, and movedwith his family to Canton, O., hasrented the storeroom in the Ficklinbuilding and will open up a saddleand harness business.Stamping Ground Crash.J. A. Robinson, of StampingGround, Tuesday filed an involuntarypetition of bankruptcy in the FederslCourt at Frankfort Lair & Hambrickwere the petitioners.Games Transferred.The game s:heduled to be played atLexington next Tuesday, August 8,between Paiis and Lexington, hasneen transferred to this city. Thechange is made so as not to conflictwith the Blue Grass Fair, which begins io that city Monday. The gamescheduled here for August 26 will beplayed in Lexington. This agreementwas reached Wednesday betweenPresident Bacon and Hogan Yancey.The postponed game of July 8 betweenParis and Lexington will be played offin a double header on Sunday, August13 at Lexington.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfBlue Grass League in Good ShapePresident William Neal, of tne BlueGrass League, who has returned fromhis initial trip around the circuit, saysthe Louisville Evening Post, reportsevery thing shipshape, although several of the clubs will do little betterthan secure an even break from afinancial 'viewpoint.The fans of the tdwns are beingfurnished with high class ball and aregiving the various clubs good support,and there is no danger of any team being forced to the wall. No team hasbeen forced to shut up shop since theformation of the league, according toMr. Neal.The new executive is having verylittle trouble, either, with arbiters,players or rowdy fans. The recent hotweather did not cause any rowdy-! tactics to spring forth, and the BlueGrass circuit was one of the very feworganizations that went through thewarm spell without some bottle throwing or other untoward incident.The fans of the league are greatlypleased over the signing of UmpireSteve Kane, who is regarded as one ofthe best umpires in the country. Kanehas made a hit in teiy circuit inwhich he woiked, and only for a littlepolitical play, of which he was thegoat, he would still be in the big ring.The president found every towngreatly interested" in the game, andnone of the club owners had any kicksto make. They told him that theywere for him, first and last, and expect him to lead the organizationthrough a successful season.According to Mr. Neal, there are anumber of players ready for fastercompany. He predicts a bright futuretor Catcher Mayer, recently signed bythe Millers, for whom the Brownsoffered $1,500. Catcher Haley, ofRichmond, is another man who is expected to go up. Jimmy Viox, who ispulling off stellar stunts for the Lexington Colts, will probably not be seenin that circuit next season. Ha wasdrafted by the Cubs and sent to Louisville but turned loose by Howard without a trial. President Neal considershim as ona of the most (promisingyoungsters in the league.Bourbon Fiscal Court in SessionThe Bourbon Fiscal Court met inregular monthly session yesterday.Judge Dundon presided over the rreeting which was one of utmost importance owing to the appointment of theGarth Fund'. beneficiaries for the ensring year, as submitted to the cdurt I ythe commissionern of the fund whoheld a meeting Monday afternoon.Upon the recommendation ot thacommissioners twelve new beneficial ies were admitted to tne fund hesides the number who have been receiving stated sums annually.Ano'ther important order entered inthe court was , the appointment of a'uuuiu vij. VUuiiiiioaiuuciia tu uaiiuic cueHamilton ?Fund, a certain sum ofmoney devised by the will of the lateJohn Hamilton tu be used in the education of the ;poor worthy girls ofBourbon county.By the order of the Fiscal Court thecommissioners are elected for a termof three years and are to serve untiltheir successors are elected and anelection of such commissioners is to beheld annually at the August term ofthe court.The board selected is as follows:Mrs. W. D. Mclntyre, for a period ofthree years; Ms. R B. Hutchcraftfor a pericd of two years; and Mr?.J(,hn J. Connell for a period of oneyear. The commissioners were authorized to ascertain how much of the income of the fund was available and toselect a sufficient number of girls touse that sum during the coming schoolterm and to make a report to the courtat the meeting jn September.The Garth Fund beneficiaries appointed by the court and the amountsthty are to receve are as follows:OLD BENEFICIARIES.Wra. Chisholm. $100; Earl Galbraith,$100; Emerson Galloway, $100; JamesHorton, $30 ; Llewellyn Hardesty, $60 ;William Lail, $125; Thomas Letton,$60: Wm. Lenihan, $65; Thomas Link,$25; Frank McCarthy, $125; Wm. Mastin, $40; Lewis Melone, ;$35; WeaverNeal, $125; Roy Pepper, $110; Wm. K.Thomas. $115 ; James Templin. $50.VNEW BENEFICIARIES.Edward Brophy, $60 ; Paul Brannon,$30; Herbert Cravens, $40; WayneCottingham, $35; Chas. Dickerson,$60; Kenney Riser, $25; James Letcher, $40; R. E. Lusk. Jr., $60; Wm.Boardman, $60; Herman Santen, $60;Allen Smith, $25; Bedford Curtis, $25.Present at the meeting of the courtyesterday were Squires J. J. Redmon,L. J. Fretwell, E. P. Thomason. O. B. ILloyd, B. F. Stipp. J. T. Barlow and 'G. R. Redmon.The report tf Road Supervisor Redmon was read and approved and ordered filtd. Claims for work on the turnpikes of the county were allowed andordered paid and the sum of $1,200appropriated for his use during tnemonth of August. Jailer Joe Karrissubmitted his report wnich showed abalance on hand of $101.99.Other matters of minor importancewere taken up by the court and disposed of which was followed by anadjournment.Where, Oh Where? Where What?Presumably sleeping, pcssihly dead,,positively dormant! Have these adverbial phrases significance? Yes,guess they have. Let's see a minute.Who carries himself, or herself, backa few months, just into the budding,beautiful springtime, and does not recall the frevent zeal and happy anticipations of the individual members of acretain Paris League? My ! But whatenthusiasm ! Parks were mapped out,playgrounds under way, with swings,hammocks, sand piles, hobby-horses,raerry-go-ruunds and all other conceivable appliances necessaiy to childhood's full enjoyment and healthfulness. One might say these were perfect assuiancts (mental.)N"t content wi.h all this beautiful,selfsacrificing work, 'the good womenjust as ardently gave ot thfir timeand talent to the suppression aud prevtntion of disease in our n.idst. Justthink ot -their tremendous labors!None better than the writer knowshow to appreciate them. He is amazed at the thoroughness of their workand the ease(?) with which it has beendone. Never a grumble. Al ways willing to get into the thickest of thefight. They really turn off work toorapidly?) The preisdent is kept busycalling meetings, and the members, intheir extremely unselfish desire to do 'more.'really have been necessitated toforego many social, religious and do-1mestic duties. Poor; tired women ! IHie you both mountains, springs and!seaside, and rest, yes rest. 'One LotNETTLBTONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sizeGeo. IVrWillams,No more tickets given on raffle until further noticeFarmer Suicides.Lying face downward, his throat cutfrom ear to ear, a knife with whichhe had inflicted the death wound and abottle which had contained' a quantityof carbolic acid by his side the body ofWm. Veach, a prominent farmar ofNorth Middletown, was found in acorn field on the farm of W. A.Thomason about 3 :30 o'clock yesterdayafternoon.Veach left his home yestreday morning with his son to do some fcwork enthe farm of Mr. Thomason and afterthe son, Arthur Veacb, left him at thenoon hour he was not again seen alive.Shortly after noon the members of hisfamily became apprehensive. A searchwas made and the body found by Mr.A. T. Anderson.Veach had been subject to spells ofmelancholia, and foui years ago wasconfined in the High Oak Sanatariumwhere he received treatment. Twoweeks ago his condition became suchthat his physician advised him to return to ihe smatatium, which he did,but remained but a few days before hereturned.According to the statement of Mssou ytsterday he was apparently inpood spirits and when he left himgave r-o intimation by word or actionthat he intended to commit the iashact.It was evident that Veach drank thecontents of the bottle which was foundby his side and then slashed his throatwith the knife.Veach, who was 52 years of age, wasa member of the Masonic fraternity.Woodmen, Knights of Pytbia3 andKnights of the Maccabees. He is survived by his wife, three sons, .'Arthur,James and Henry Veach and onedaughter, Miss Mary Sue Veach."Coroner Rudolph Davis received information of the suicide about 4o'clock and left immediately to holdthe inquest. A ljury composed of J.A. Richardson, W. C. Harvey, J. W.Claypool, T. H. See, W. C. Mrore andW. L. Stuart rendered a suicide verdict. Locates in Paris.C. P. Mann, who formrely conducted a confectionery in Paris has rentedthe store room at the corner of Fourthand Main streets vacated by JamesWill3 and will open up a pool room.In connection with this he will carrycigars and fsoft drinks. Mr. Mann,who is from Winchester, has f r thepast two yearslocatsd in San Antonio,Texas."For God's Sake Do Something"e navo answered tnis cryin our new book "fightinKtho 'lra&oin Young Girls"by Ernest A. Bell. D. S.District Attorney Sims andothers. The most sensa-tional indictment of thehIto Slato Trade everpublished. It tells howthortands of young girlsaro lured from their homesnnnuall" and sold into alife of sname. The Cincinnati Inquirer says, Of alltho boots of the season tha Waron tho White Slavo Trade is themost helpxnl; it should ba readby every man, woman andchild." Agents are making from33 to $17 a day selling this book.Over 500 pages. Many pictures.race Z1.50. Best terms toagents. Outfit free. Send 15c for forwarding charges.Book sent to any address postpaid upon receipt ot price.Tha STbihwactern Co.. Dent. C Nashville. Tenn.LOST DOG.Llewelyn setter pup about 6 weeksold, whire with lemon spots on bothears. Any information gladly received. Suitable reward for Teturn. EastTennessee phone 717.FRANK IIIGGINS,4 3t Paris Ky.Fine Business Opportunity.We will sfll either of our stores. Ifyou are inteitsted call and we canshow you (e think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Be3t cash business in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your orders.,and help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs Rosa V. WallingforcLiinp-in'ctin'mt caTcn in'ntH. t'J -'t ,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 4, 1911.tV A ffi. JIlls BOURBON NEWS.UfflfJ&trSALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGProtect your growing tobacco against hail.THOMAS & WOODFORD,Fire and Tomado Insurance.Woodford County Fair.The Woodford county fair which began at Versailles Wednesday, willcontinue through tuday.Your Chance.Special prices in wall paper thisweek.J. T. HINTON.Purchases Residence.Moniu. Moora purchased Wednesdayof Cari Snapp a house and lot onsixteenth fatreet. The price paid was1,600.Ladies Day at Bali Park.Today thf Lawmakers will be tieattraction at White Paik and the oaha? been designatfd as ladies' day.On this day the ladies ill be admitted free t the park and stand.$3.50 quart -Thsrmos atWinters. Call and see them.New Bookkeeper.Mr. John Mattox, of Cynthiana. hasaccepted a position as bookkeeperwith the firm of C. P. Cook & Company. Mr. Mattox is a poDular younggentleman and has many friends inParis.NEW PRICES.Look in Winters' windowfor new prices on ThermosBottles.Leaves for New York.W. Ed Tucker leaves for the NewYork market Wednesday to make nisfall purchases. With his twenty-threeyears' experience jn the dry goodsbusiness, you may fee! sure he understands the '"ants of the people.Straw HatsStra Hats at half pi ice. Read ourad on pa?e 1.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Harness.Everything in harness.28 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Barrett Returns to Louisville.Umpire Barrett, who for severaldays held the indicator in the BlueGrass League, has returned to hishome in Louisville. On his firstappearance here he sustained a painfulinjury by being accidentally struckwith a bat!Cheaper Every Day.Watch the swings in J. T. Hinton'swindows They get cheaper by 50 and25 cents every day.$3.50 quart Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.Roller at Work.Mayor Hinton had the city roller"outTuesday, employed in rolling the roadleading from the foot bridge to theball park. The strset sweeper removed large quanities of dust fromthe road. However, when the heavyninfall came Wednesday afernoon,vehicles cut the road badly.Wall Paper Bargains.Come in and secure some of thebargains in wall paper and mattingsthis week.J. T. INTON.$1.00 pint Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.Arrives Safely in Panama.Mr. Bruce Adair who left a fewweeks ago for Panama arrived safelyaccording to a post card n cieved by arelative a few das aeu atfer an uneventful voyage. Aside from a slightattack of seasickness he suffered no illeffects from the voyage from New Orleans t Panama.Car Hits Horse.The interurban car due in Paris at 6, o'clock Monday afternoon struck ahorse driven by a Mr. Logan at the intersection of the Ironworks and Parisroad, the horse being killed, the driver, however, being only slightly injured. The collision was purely accidental as Mr. Logan did not hear the carand turned his horse directly in frontof it, the collision resulting.HALF-PRICE SALEOf aU Wash Neckwear,25-cent grade, 12 1-2 cents;50-cent grade, 25 cents.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Two Alarms.The fire department was called outTuesday afternoon to the junk yard ofMax Munich on Eighth street wheresmoke from a fire built to burn insulation from wire caused some excitedperson to send in the alarm. Therewas no damage.Tuesday night about 10 o'clock anoil house in the L. & N. yards nearVine street caught fire and was considerably damaged. After some delaythe fire department responded to thecall, but when they arrived on thescene the fire had ben extinguishedby the yard crew. The damage wasvery light.Fire, wind and fightning insurance. Thomas Woodford.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Anna Embry is at home fromOlympia.Miss Fannie Ingles is visiting inWinchester. sMiss Ella Walsh fc visiting friendsin Lexington.Mrs. Curtis Biddle is ill withtyphiod fever.Mrs. Nannie Ransdell.is improvingaf cer a severe illness.Mrs. Georgia Wright is visiting atPisgah, Wcodford county.Mrs. Carl Wilmoth entertained atcards yesterday afternoon.Mr. N. F. Brent has returnedfrom a trip to Atlantic City.Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Funk havmov.'d to Lexington to reside.Mr. Chas. Burns is at BentonHarbor, Mich., for a short stay.Mr. Eugene Elder is recoveringfrom an attack of typhoid fever.Mr. John J. Williams, who suffered a broken collar bone in an auto accident last week is able to be our.JUs Elizabeth Hinton is visitingMiss Jessie Litsey in Harrodsburg.Miss Anna Wilson has returnedf -urn a deiigntful visit to Mr. Sterling.Mr. G. W. Ells and wife arespending a fortnight at Martinsville,nd.-Miss Emma Nit a Morford; ofEwinR, is visiting ftiits Mary Batterton. Mrs. Joseph W. Davis is visitingher sister, Mrs. Bailey D. Berry, LinLexington.Mrs. Wm. E. McKimey, of LittleRock, is improving after severalweeks' illness.Miss Virginia Brown, of Shelbyville, is the guest of Mrs. James Wilson on Mt. Airy.Mrs. A. L. Slicer and daughter,Miss Gertrude, are visiting relativesin Greenville, Ohio.Miss Fannie Damn, of Lexington,is visiting her sister, Mrs. EverettPeterson in this city.Miss Margaret Terry has returnedfrom an extended visit to relatives inDenver and Kansas City.Misses Belle Horton and RuthMorgan have returned from a visit toMiss Julia Dodson in Maysville.Miss Mabel Templin has returnedfrom a visit to Misses Elizabeth andMattie Gaitskill in Mt. Sterling.Misses Lucy Clay Woodford andEmila Howe, of Mt. Sterling, areguests of Miss Elizabeth Yerkes.Mrs. John B. Mackey, of Cincinnati, is visiting her mother, Mrs. T.S. Shannon, near Paris; this week.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed Tucker leavefor New ifork Sunday where Mr.Tucker goes to buy his fall goods.Miss Marie Bloomfield, who hasbeen the guest of Mrs. I. L. Price,has returned to her home in Winchester. Mr. Luke Connelly, who is quiteill at the St. Joseph Hospital. Lexington with eureamic poison, does not improve. Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Summers anddaughter, Miss Willie T. Summers,have returned from a visit to relativesin Durant, Okla.Misses Helen and Phyllis Nippert,of Latonia, are making a short visit totheir grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. PhilNippert, in this city."Mrs. Earl Ferguson and children,guests of Mrs. William S. Kelly, inGeorgetown, have returned to therhome in the county.Miss Lucile Burnaugh, who hasbeen the guest of her sister. Mrs.Curtis Henry, neturned Tuesday toher home in Carlisle.Mr. and Mrs. James Johnson anddaughter, of Cnicago, guests of Mrs.C. A. Daugherty, on Mt. Airy avenue,have returntd home.Miss Aileen Power, who is visitingin Maysville, was a guest Mondayevening at a beautiful lawn partygiven by Miss Edna Webster Gilmore.Mrs. Frank P. Lowrj', of thiscity, her guests, her sisters, Mrs.George Bull, of Miami, Fla., and MissAnna Berry, are visiting in Mt.Sterling.Miss Noena Elliott, of Vanceburg, who lias been the guest of MissFrieda Heller, left Wednesday for avisit in Richmond before returning toher home.Misses Virginia and MarthaSmith, of Indianapolis, daughters ofAttorney John S. Smith, formerly ofthis city.aie visiting Miss" Patsy Clarkon Fifteenth street.Miss Grace Donaldson, of this city,and Miss Louetta Collier, of Millersburg, have gDne to Lake Chautauqua,N. Y., and other points of interest inthe East, for a visit.Master John Van Meter Woodford,son of Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford,is quite ill at the home of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford, nearParis, with typhoid fever.Mr. and Mrs. .Marshall Stern willleave in a tew days for New Yorkwhere they will permanently reside,Mr. Stern having disposed of his business in this city to his father, Mr. J.A. Stern, who has for some time madehis home in Birmingham, Ala.Mr. Council Wilson, of Detroit,Mich., is visiting relatives and friendsin this city. Mr. Wilson left Parisabout twenty years ago nad this is hisfirst visit to his old home in fourteenyears. He was surprised at the remarkable growth of the town duringhis long absence.Miss Corinne Collins entertainedTuesday afternoon with a progressive500 party in honor of her guest, MissJosephine Berryman, of Newport.The refreshments consisted of chocolate cake and ices. Those who enjoyed this pretty party were Mrs. Thornwell Tadlock, Miss Breryjnan, Mrs.Frank Kiser, Mrs. Monroe'sMansfield,Mrs. Wateon Judy, Misses MarthaWyatt, Bessie Wilson, MargueriteJurey, Dorothy Talbott, Clara BelleO'Neill, Edith Myall and ElizabethJaspr.M-. Bernard Santen left yesterdayfor Cincinnati for a to weeks' stay.Miss Kate Edgar returned yesterday from a visit to friends in Frankfort. Miss Valette McClintock has returned from a visit to friends .in Cincinnati. Mrs. Thompson JTarr entertainedabout fifty lpiaes with a luncheonWednesjay.Elder and Mrs. J. T. Sharrardhave returned from a visit to friendsin Fltmingsbuig.Mr Dan Earlywine, who sufferedan attack of acute indigestion Tuesdaynight is improving. . ..Mrs. James McCarthy and MasterNilan Marks are visiting MrsO'Rourke in RichmondMrs. W. W. Judy is spending theweek end with Mrs. Nellie Highlandat her home in the country.Mr. Joe Farmer, Jr., is quite illat his home on Scott avenue, beingthreatened with typhoid fever.Mrs. W. O. Hinton entertainedwith a ainner Wednesday for Mrs. C.B. krringer, ot Uetrcit. Those present were Mis. Chailes B. Erringer,Mrs. Harry B. Llay, Mis. J FrankCIqJ, Mrs. Lotis Rogers, Mrs. HeniyA. Power and Mrs. J. T. Vanasnt.Miss Elizabeth Ye'kes is entertaining a htuse party composed of thefollowi g ' Misses Colgate' Bascom,Sharpsburg: Lucy Clay Woodford,Emma Lee Howe and Hazel Grubbs,and Messis. Edward Boige, WilliamWoodford Land Charles Howe, all ofMt. Sterling.Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Mrs. R. S.Swango, Mrs. W. K. Dudley, Mrs.Cassuis Clay, Misses May and LucyColville, Mrs. Jesse Turney, Mrs.Harry Clay, and Mrs. Frank Clay attended the entertainment given byMrs. Sanfurd Allen in MillerbsurgTuesday.Misses Bessie and Mamie Holladay entertaineclthe SewingClub Tuesday afternoon at their home on Pleasant street in honor of Misses Larueand their guests, Mrs. Frederick W.Eberhardt of Frankfort, Mrs. FrankLarue of St. Louis, and Mrs. LindaChinn Geirriter and daughter, MissMary, of Pine Bluff, Ark. Refreshments of salads, sandwiches.cakes andmallowmints were served.Melons on Ice.(IWe hae on ice at all times fresh,sweet, watermelons. ,4 2t J. E. CRAVEN.HALF-PRICE SALEOf all Straw Hats andPanamas. This includes thefamous Knox Hats. See thewindow display.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Mill Nearing Completion.ij The Paris Manufacturing Companyhas about completed its large mill onSouth Main street near the old Kentucky Midland depot and in a few dayswill move machinery and stock intothe new structure.$1.00 pint Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.H. L. Terrell Promoted.Mr. Henry L Terrell, for severalyears a popular train dispatcher in theemploy of the L. & N. Railroad Company in Paris, has been promoted tothe newly created position of NightChief Train Dispatcher, and has assumed the duties of that place.NEW PRICES.Look in Winters' windowfor new prices on ThermosBottles.Purity, Quality.Mint Nectar and Ginger Ale inquarts. These goods have a reputationfrom ocean to ocean. You remebmer' BRAMULETTF, & TARR,Both phones.Family Chloroformed and HouseRobbed.Burglars entered the residence nfMr. Albert Wright Wednesday nightand after chloroforming the family,ransacked the closets and presses andafter securing a small sum of moneyand a watch helped themselves to ajar of preserves and some bread anddeparted.The burglars effected an entiance tothe house by prizing a sceren in awindow in the dining room, perhapsafter administering the chloroform.The occupants of the house were notaroused by any sounds, although Mrs.Wright says that while in the stuporfrom the effect's of the drug she hearddishes rattling in the dining room, butcould not arouse herself.The intruders took every precautionto avoi'd waking the sleepers, evenalter they had administered thechloroform. Out of the presses theytook several pieces of clothing whichwere strewn about on the floor, tomuffle the sound of their feet. Evidently it was the work of experts andthey were in search of valuables.From Mr. Wright' trousers theytook about $10 in money and a silverwatch which was highly valued by theowner. Nothing else of value hasbeen missed. Completing their searchfor valuables the burglars went into apress in the dining room where theysecured a quart of preserves and somebread, and going to the back yardseated themselves under a grape harbor where they devoured most of thecontents of the jar.It is evident more than'one was employed in the job as tracks were clearly visible berleath the grape harbor oftwo persons. The tracks led to thefence where they Were lost to veiw,and it is supposed the burglars caughtan outgoing train. Mr. "Wright arjseat 4 o'clock yesterday morning andafter making an investigation reported the matter to the police.Public Sale!-OF-Honsfihold and Kitchen' Furniture.Haying decided to break-up housekeeping, I will offer at nuoHc auction on premises on High, betweenb.igniA and .Ninth,Tuesday, August 8, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m , all my householdeffects, including:Dining -loom Furniture, Rugs,Chairs, Gat a oves, Gas Bath Heater,Pictures, etc.E. H. BRANNON.TAKE AKODAKWITH YOUKodal-s S5 to $111Brownies $1 to 512We Have Everything for KodakOuting.DZZPVpKODAKmrtvVERY SPECIAL PRICESTOCome inKS WALL PAPEB .I will sell you LAWN and. been able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKSJ. T.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 28.6..LAST CUTLawns, Wash Goods, Shirt Waists,Hosiery, Etc. iSPECIAL !IAll Silk Hose2 New Fall GoodsIBWe are showing the prettiest line of Ginghams,19 .1Flanelettes, Kimona Crepes, Outings and Madras.COME LOOK9IKglFee's CashFor ThisIiff JL-M-White Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips 12 1-2 per lb"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5c.' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can 5c ""Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, California Xpack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c J."Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c X"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only 60c I;8 haves T.pnnv Snnr for 9Ko wI6 bars of Ivory Soap foeFresh Pies, CakesFEE'SwmmI HAVE SOMEOFFER YOU ONand Get Them.PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.HI3SrT03Sr?;ftt39c a pairmmTHEM OVER.Tucker1ai"1Specials.Week'. 25cand Bread daily.tCarpets,MattinandRugs.".V5-y-i"rjvrR;jiWi-ifl'Jk$oa,3,i:(i5iifr.rkiliv.H'Ht-ift-KVA A' iit1Ulmwm 1V.THE .BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 4, 1911.lv,UioDzoxOE7UoMBlue Grass FairO LLAlINGiUN, KJUNIUURYAUGUST 7,8,9,10,11,126 Big Days and Nights 6U, S. Marine Band, Daily ConcertsAeroplane Flights Da by J. A. D. McCurdyO3DAfl $a(s Horse,UVU FuturityGreatest CoItShowinilse YorIdThree Other RicH Saddle Korse StakesHigh-Class Runningand Harness Races Dailyi.uu.11- m iIN PREMIUMSBest of all American Horse Shows ISplendid Display of Every Classof Live StockHERBERT A. KLINE CARNIVAL COMPANYM wSETiBSS JOUETT SHOUSE, Sec'y, Lexington, Ky.iaJdixoxiTHEMiilersburg Military InstituteThe Millersburg Militaty Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beau--fciful grounds and buildings. Hot water heat and electric lights. AthleticgrOilnuVancl large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Ken-tucky State University gives to all graduates iree tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year forboaid,tuition and general laundry."Write to the P.iacipal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COL. C. M. BEST, PriocipaS,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky .inttm1 TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the oppoitunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines we have made stillgreater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our New BuildingTwinBro&LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Professional CardsJ J. WIIiXiTAMS,ATTORNE Y- AT-L A W .2oom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchellinsurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,.Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andlightning.Your patronage solicited.JRnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfaction' "v guaranteed.auglCtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669K. A. B KBLJLiJEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyMAKING OF GREAT FAIRMEMBERS OF STATE BOARD ANGEXECUTIVE COMMITTEEMENACCOMPLISH WONDERS.The members of the Kentucky StateFair board, together with those chosento serve on the executive committee,to the end that the n,inth annual Kentucky State Fair may be made the bigSest from all standpoints in the history of the Commonwealth, are as follows :State Fair Board Hon. M. C. Rankin, Commissioner of Agriculture, exofficio, chairman, Frankfort; M. A.Scovall, director Kentucky. ExperimentStation, ex-officio, Lexington; G. NMcGrew, fifth Appellate district, Bayou; Jt L. Dent, second Appellate district, Leitchfield; " H. S. Van Zant,third Appellate district, Edmonton; L.L. Dorsey, fourth Appellate district;Anchorage; H. M.'Froman, fifth Appellate district, Ghent; William Addams, sixth Appellate district, Cynthiana; Fred R. Blackburn, seventhAppelate district, Stanton.Executive Committee Hon. M. C.Rankin, J. L. Dent, H. S. Van Zant,H. M. Froman and Fred R. Blackburif,of the state board, and Julius V. Beckmann, Caldwell Norton, C. B. Norton,Walter Glover and Fred Keisker,Louisville. Secretary, Perry M. Shy,Louisville; Assistant secretary, L. B.Shropshire, Louisville.The task which these gentlemenhave cet themselves to do is a bigone, but they have already accomplished a vast amount of work in arrangingthe details, in making contracts, deciding on the total appropriations for different purposes, arranging the premium list, providing for improvementsin the grounds and buildings and looking after the comfort of the tens ofthousands who will attend the big exhibition.JThe Real Good FarmerMfcCormick MowerThe Best in the World,Martin Bro,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automo"bile.MARTIN BROS.6. 3. Deterttra,BRICKHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat andlders always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.1,See me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., Thones 586.Insure with W. O.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. - - v tfvHOI OF PLENTYPANDORA'S BOX WILL BE R.VALED BY OFFERINGS OFRICH PRIZES.WOMAN IN HER ELEMENTField, Seed and Grain Show to OpenEyes of Husbandmen Boy'sCorn Clubs Favored.3Sy ' " r x4 A 4&-J$JBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Bound to Make aKick.The fussy guest looked over the order that had been served him, and'then summoned the waiter. "Lookhere!" he exclaimed. "You havebrought me coffee. Did I order coffee?""No, sir. That isn't coffee, sir it'stea." "Are you sure that's tea?""Absolutely, sir." "Well, I orderedcocoa!"DA fortune in prizes, offered in connection with regular exhibits, and anynumber of special prizes offered as inducements to the people of Kentuckyto put the very best of their productson display at the coming KentuckyState Fair, is having the effect of interesting exhibitors to an extent neverbefore known this early in advance.But, aside from the actual money tobe obtained, there is that about thepreparations for the coming monsterexhibition which carries confidencewith it.The Kentucky ''State Fairgrounds,when occupied with all that will go tomake up the magnificent show to beheld for one week in September, beginning on Monday, the 11th, and ending at midnight Saturday, the 16th,will provide an array of feature sufficient to tempt the interest and holdthe attention of any one seeking instruction, entertainment and agricultural and technical uplift.Dainty Needle Work.Here articles of needle work, almostendless in number, old fashioned blankets or comforters, shawls, dainty articles of feminine wear, all representing long hours of careful and painstaking work, will be shown.Another feature which will appealto the women, as well as the men, isthe poultry department. This industryhas progressed wonderfully, even inthe past year, and to-day those inKentucky and Southern Indiana, whoare giving time and money to the raising of wonderfully impressive specimens in the poultry line, are numberedby the thousands.Then there is the Field, Seed andGrain department. The husbandmanwho provides the food which sustainsthe greatest nation of the earth willbe in his element when he reaches thisdepartment next September, as Secretary Shy has seen to it that especialattention is to be given the productsof the field.Prizes For Best Cereal.Prominent among the innovationswill be the Boy's Corn Show, withprizes sufficient to tempt the best ofthe youthful corn growers. Already,over the state, the rivalry is keen, andthe members of the different clubs arestriving with might and main to produce specimens of the cereal whichthey hope will capture one or more ofthe premiums.The state has been divided intothree districts for the purposes of thecorn show and the prizes will boawarded as to districts. Then, to capthe climax, therell be a1 grandsweepstakes prize, which will causethe boys from some sections of Kentucky to return home after September16 next, proudly bearing the trophywhich will be a fine tribute to theirskill and industry.In connection with the Field, Seedand Grain, Poultry and Women's Departments, respectively, Secretary Shycalls attention to the fact that theclosing dates- for entries, which will bestrictly adhered to, are as follows:Women's department, Saturday, September 2; Field, Seed and Grain,;JMon-day, September 4,-and poultry, Thursoday, September 7.His Hard Lot."My lotis a hard one!" he muttered, and his face wore a look of despair; too true were the words that heuttered, as he paused with his spadein the air. He'd thought to makegarden that day and his pulses withpleasure had fluttered; but he strucksolid rock, and "I say, my lot is ahard one," he muttered.Humane Mistress."And are you still rejoicing in thatsplendid cook, Mrs. Malaprop?" inquired the caller. "Well, we are andwe ain't," said Mrs. Malaprop. "Thefact' i3 Mary was so completely pro:crastinated by the work of my household that I've given her a threeweeks' vaccination. I was afraid if Ididn't she would be invalidated termagantly." Harper's Weekly.miZj XKi VKM'ii&ux:iSKRsSfcSWSJTWIN BROS.Department Store This Week:Aprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2 50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.&&Money Talks.Tne most eloquent speaker is a substantial bank account. No one seemsto be more successful in producinghim than the .farmer.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in OneParis, Kentuckyi vs&Cor. 7th and MainS3SSS3-- j-v JVI-. - jmx. - ?mHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.It's not madfi for nnv PPrfnin plitnafo Ivtif ic? morla n nnVTiP4nr.J v.Dr. J. M. lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestIt's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and Qnly absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.i AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, 111Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your.bwn come and see us.vWe Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, lilt le home at moder-.ate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber d MPf 'cj Company,Incorporated'Yard at Office, ' .. l'15th and MauSts.5JH.tN.FHome Phone 12; E. T. 530PARIS, KYA Hiw.4ai-SKTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 4, 1911.K0.!-J:My Doctor Said"Try Cardui," writes Mrs. Z. V. Spell, of Hayne, N. C." I was in a very low state of healih, and was not able tobe up and tend to my duties, I did try Cardui, and soonbegan to feel better. I got able to be up-and help do myhousework. I continued to take the medicine, and now Iam able to do my housework and to care for my children,and I feel as though I could never praise Cardui enoughfor the benefits I have received."Cardui js successful, because it is made especially forwomen, and acts specifically on the womanly constitution.Cardui does one thing, and does it well. That explainsthe great success which it has had, during the past 50 years,in helping thousands of weak and ailing women back tohealth and happiness.If you are a woman, feel tired, dull, and are nervous,cross and irritable, it's because you need a tonic Why nottry Cardui? Cardui builds, strengthens, restores, and actsin every way as a special, tonic remedy for women. Testit for yourself. Your druggist sells Cardui. Ask him.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooea, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-paee book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55DR.DOLLE'SIklOTITIITC Where HEN are CURED.lrlOlllUlL LET ME CURE YOU!FINEST COUIPPCD INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHEUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAY.FAMOUS FOB 20 TEAKS.SifiScnlt Surgical Operations performedwith skill and success when surgery is netesaary.LOWEST CHARGESOf any Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cured.XOUJTG MEN A3TO AL.I. MEN. COME.1 1 PQ PERMANENT CUBE, withoutrikCOtheknife. Cue treatment cures.VARICOCELENO KNTFE. Cared IkOho Treatment,Stricture, Etc. CuredKUr 1 UrCby Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Bells, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kldaeys, Bladder and Prostatetilaad, RhenmatUm, Xerrom Troubles.UVADnnCI C Cured In One Visit. NoHlUKUUClX knife. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the "Dolleflan1' of not one dollar to be paid anlesseared. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 61 pace Boole Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Bookcent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I 6ee and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that I can write you justwhat is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOODPOISONCured by the. Marvel of theCentury, E. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives our blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadly!mercury, wita pure .ouluiuuuj jugicuents. to prove it we will send you aSA-NIPLE TREATMENT FREE.1If you have ulcers, eating sones,U.hincr humors, swellincs. mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesoreruotions, take B. B. B. (BotaniciBlood 'dalm.) All sympthoms hjjalquiCKiv. Diooui&judse Put"ul- ll1.. .V. -. nZ n rr -m nnfiro V-rr?t7into aelein, healthy condition, heal -ing every sore and .topmag aU achestiomuitsLeiv uutnitiiiiti un runiu w.jpaius aim numug, tunug i-n .. ,rections for houe cure, bampiessent free by writing Blcoi Balm Co,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice givenSold by Varden & SonI x?5y8j Sri? rr " 36H IisPECIAt-ISTJ jicul uiujuuu. u 1 vC i (knowing themselves indented toexpress. 1. per large bottle, with di-, ... . ,. . tt,WALTERM'WOODNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every graingrowing country tinder theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it-or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare: lightness of draft;handiness of operation;MADE BYdurability of construction; ability to do perfect work in any 3cindTRUSTof gram; accuracy andsure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, ananow give it itsmost successfulone a uinder thatiYERKES & KENNEY.TheWomaifsToniccarriesSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.rq8r.TsTTSyAnnouncementrfl have located in Paris for the purpose ofjeondueting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.: I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handlel yourbuildings, large or small. I will be1 glad to furnish you estimates on short' notice. The best of references f ur-nished. Call on me at Fordham' Hotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. 'phone 128-2.:Dr. Wm, Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.( E T 13Office Phones j R'' "J1"Residence j H'ome 334- (- A ,1 jnufffor C Nftflfft iAdlilllllHIdl'Ji 3 UU11U3.All nersons 'havine claims against! All. , tt, "' Sf,, ,Xof Mrs. Bridget Cain, de-same properly prov-law and filed with theThosesaidWM. GRAN NAN,Administrator with 'the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain? deceased.27jlmwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog desAcribing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Th Bestre"Most bandW. C. HESTERundersigned administrator.Matter Quickly Settled.In an English opera company, formed for the summer months, it wa?found that the tenors -were too lightJ for the rest of the chorus. The manager protested that there were voicesj enough, and the leading tenor waJ questioned whyv he did not sing withj more force His answer to the reI monstrances of the manager was: "1am paid summer wages, and I refuseto sing anything but my summervoice." The engagement of the tenorand his summer voice came to aspeedy termination.Tortured for Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble that baffler! doctor, and resisted all remedies'he tried, John w. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked such' wonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Ever' bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer s.Erudite Physician.A western physician received thefollowing from a brother physician:i "Dear Dock: I have a pashunt whose' physical sines shows that the wind. pipe has ulcerated off and his lungsj have dropped into his stumick. I havej given hym everythink without effeckthis father is wealthy honoable and in-flooenshial as he is a member of assembly and god nose I don't want toloss hym what shall I do ans by return male. Yours frat, Doc Tishbein."Life Saved at Death's Door."I never felt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me down to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treat-msno for two years. My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am aiive today is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on earth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c and$1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Emotion and Conduct.EmotloD has no value in the Christian system save as it is connectedwith right conduct. It Is the bud, notthe flower, and is of no value untilit expands into the flower. Every religious sentiment, every act of devotion which does not produce a corresponding elevation of life, is worsethan useless; it is absolutely pernicious, because it ministers to self- deception, and tends to lower the tone ofpersonal morals. Murray.To Stop Nosebleed.One of the commonest complaintsamong children is bleeding of thenose, and the remedies to be appliedare of the simplest. A small wad ofwhite paper inserted under thetongue or under the upper lip is generally all that is needed to stop anordinary nosebleed, although pads ofcotton dipped in ice water and placedat the back of the neck is the standbyof many mothers.reacner's Curriculum.A teacher in one of the poorest districts of London stated at a meetingof the Educational Handwork association at the Society of Arts that hedesired to see his boys taught by Industrial methods. "I should like toteach my boys to wash," he added."I want the London County Councilto send me some needles, reels of cotton, and trouser buttons."Italy's Main Imports.Italy's principal imports are cereals, raw cotton, coal, machinery, lumber, raw silk, hides, horses, wool andhair, iron, mineral oil, seeds, coffee,colors and varnishes, copper, jute,mother of pearl, nitrate of soda, paraffin, phosphates, grease, preciousstones, wood pulp, tobacco, railwaycars, tin, sulphate of copper and sulphate of ammonia.Tenement House.Although there are many tenementsunder one roof, it is correct to speakof the house in the singular, as "tenement house," and it is equally right tomention the several "tenements" inthe house. Broadly a tenement houseis one divided into a number of separate habitations, so that many families may have their different homes inone house.WASH THAT ITCH AWfcYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake ever:-' fen to take a trip tcEurope at once.' Would yon not bewilling to spend youi last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home foithese distant springs. Relief is rightinhere in your own home town!I A simple wash of Oil of Wlnterj green, Thymol and other ingredients. as compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and i&avethe skin as smooth and healtty asthat of a child.If you have nob already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. "We 3-ture-Y.ou ot InstanU relief; ,-,G. S.Vardfcn SSon...NO "FUTURE" FOR THIS GIRLSad-Eyed Blond Stenographer, WhoVedded Curly-Haired Clerk, GivesGypsy Seeress a "Tip."Kansas City, Mo. Three gypsywomen, one quite young, were in anEast side grocery store when twoyoung American women entered. Oneof the older r gypsies made a -gurgling"noise to the young one soonafter the Americans were inside."Don't you girls want your fortunetold?" asked the little gypsy miss a.sshe walked toward the young womenwith her hand outstretched."I can tell your past, present andfuture." went on the gypsy girl. "Allabout your love affairs. I can tellyou when you are going to get married." This appeared to be too much forone of the young women, a sad eyedblond, tired-looking, creature."Say, you," she exclaimed, "I'm already married, and I'd rather give yon$50 to tell me how to lose what I'vegot than 10 cents to know that thereis another lazy loafer waiting downthe line somewhere for me to sup-nnrM""Where do you live?" she askedthen. "I will come to your home andtell you all.""Beat it, little one, beat it," orderedthe tired-looking blond. "I don't live;I exist. And as for you telling me all.why I can tell you more about thisgame and hand out more real, genuinehot tips on this matrimonial businessthan you ever dreamed of. If youever run across a stenographer earning her little $85 per, and enjoyingsingle blessedness, don't wait to readher palm. Look her straight in theeye and tell her not to let any curlyhaired, gazelle-eyed $15 a week clerkwith pink ears and perfectly manicured nails get her out of her headenough to stand for that marriagebusiness. When he loses his job henever gets another, and the aforesaidstenographer has to hike out and getone of her own. And the chances arpit will be about $10 per writing fiveletters a week, watching the telephoneand steering creditors off some cheapscrew of a lawyer with fringe aroundthe bottoms of his trousers. You takechances, too, on getting even that $10on which two must live cheaper thanone. Tell her that, too."Then she said to the grocer: "Giveme a dime's worth of brick cheeseand a nickel's worth of lettuce. Weare going 'to have sandwiches forluncheon. I like that word 'luncheon.'No; I have a half loaf of rye breadleft from yesterday."JEANNE D'ARC'S OLD SWORDMuseum at Dijon Said .to PossessBlade Given to Maid of Orleansby King Charles VII.Parfs. Biographers of Jeanned'Arc, including Anatole France andAndrew Lang, have never been ableto discover any authentic relics of theMaid of Orleans. The executionerthrew her ashes Into the Seine, andthe cottage at Domremy has .pot somuch as a wooden shoe which can beproved to have belonged to the Liberator of France. There is, however,in the museum at Dijon a sword keptin the hall with the tombs of Philipthe Eold and Jean-sans-Peur, for whichthe custodian, M. E. Metman, has documents proving that it once belongedto Jeanne d'Arc.On one face of the hilt is engraveda figure of the Maid in peasant costume kneeling before a cross, with thename Charfes VII. On the other is theword "Vaucouleurs." On both thearms of France and those of the Cityof Orleans. The date, 1419, is foundIn five places on hilt and blade. Thisdate may indicate when the swordtras made,or it may be In commemoration 'of the assassination of the Duede Bourgogne In the presence of theDauphin, the future Charles VII., onthe bridge of Montereau.M. Metman's manuscripts show thatthe sword was manufactured at Toledo and was autographed by thesword-maker. Lupus Aguadb, and thatIt was specially made as a present tothe Maid from the king of France.RISKS HER LIFE FOR OTHERSNew Jersey Woman Seizes LargeShepherd Dog, Afflicted With Rabies, and Forces It Into Shed.Flemington, N.- J. That the lives ofothers might not b imperiled, MrsJacob Leon grappled with her largeshepherd dog when it was suddenlystricken with hydrophobia. The doewas tied to Its kennel with a ropewhen Mrs. Leon discovered Its condltion. An Instant later it had bittenthe rope in two and, snapping, snarling and frothing at the mouth, it started to leave the premises.Realizing the danger to others, Mrs.Leon called sharply to the animal and,,catching it by the sides of the head,forced It into a woodhouse.William E. Green, a neighbor, wassummoned to dispatch the dog with ashotgun', and when he arrived the dogwas dashing madly about the woodhouse, biting everything within Itsreach. Mrs. Leon's arms werescratched by the teeth of the dog asshe held it. nut me sKin was- noibroken.Violin Case a Marvel.Moscow, Idaho. George Steltz ofthis place has a violin case made of958 pieces of material, representingi4 kinds of wood, some of which Isaid to be from every country in theworld. Mr. Steltz, who Is also a mechanic, says the case represents twomonth- work, performed at different?umes during many years.ONE WAY OF SAVINGA BABY-FREE TO TRYThe mother does not live whowould not do all in her power to keepher child healthy, but often she doesnot know how. So when a doctorof standing points the way all canafford to listen.It is an accepted fact that nine outof ten of the troubles of infants andchildren is intestinal. You notice itby the fact that the child is constipated, it belches, is peevish and cries.Don't give a remedy that contains anopiate, because the child will get inthe habit of needing it, and don't become alarmed and run at once for adoctor.Try a scientific laxative first. Cxivea s.ipall dose of Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin, the remedy that is intendedPalestine Grows Best Oranges.The best oranges on the Europeanmarket are from the land which issand, yet fetches now the highest pricefor orange -culture. There is a jesting phrase among Jewish colonists asto Palestinian fertility: "If you butstick an umbrella In the soil you willnext year get a crop of them." The orange trees bear fruit two months before those of Italy and Spain."Telescope His TJmb.After Keeler had become head olthe Lick Observatory, and .died there,and his ashes were brought back toAllegheny for burial, it was his friendErashear who sealed them up in theirlast resting place, a hollow in the supporting pillar of the 30-inch reflector,which is Keeler's memorial. MoClure's Magazine.,.t...nluargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,Paris, Ky.JYOVBlo (wlineI -li-, mf rflffi fore 4mPii fTffiQREATEST REMEDY (: C HSL -JwkiT'CfVES NEW UFE AK . I ,jL 1 STRENGTH TO ELDEB LYj 11j ' PEOPLE, DEUCATE WOMEN. I flA5 -4 SUMPTION. DYJrePHA. f W! jM DOEAMAlABIA.fSL JHkS Id THE BLOOD1NE CO, JVfXnjcr.- IW--oi yiddresa, TimXwjffSsSV"jmmmmx7ri, w.ii &rW. T.lBrcoks, Agentfor the use of children. It is mildgentle and non-griping-. The remedyis absolutely pure and is guaranteedin every particular. Mrs. Toomey ofEmingsville, Pa., and Mrs. Fred.Croms of Alanson, Mich., never givetheir children anything else. These;are only a few among thousands ofI women.You can buy a fifty cent or odollar bottle of any nearby druggist,for they have all sold it for a generation, but if you want to test h on yorchild first send your address to Dr..Caldwell and he will cheerfully sendyou a free sample bottle.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Monticellov111. 'Still In Primitive Life.The natives of New Guinea havabeen found living as if in the stomaago.Wife Got Tip Tod Advice. " -'My wife wanted me to take ' ourboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil,'' writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,,Okla. "I said -put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it.' She did so.and it curedthe boil in a short time.'' Quickesthealer of burns, scalds, cuts, corns,,bruises, sprains, swellings. Best pilecure on earth. Try it. Only 25c atOberdorfer's.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effdrtathis season to reach the idea olevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Bloodlne Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and Lung"Affections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and 31.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen, Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.We! Know-BLOODINE-yWffl Help.Xorf'To Regain Your Strengthand Energy.Report of the Hea. PhyaJotaa kk' - a Leading New York Hoepitfci "t on the Cure) of Catarrh."A few years ago we considered thafcwe were doing well if we cured tenprcent, of the cases of catarrh brought;to us, but since the introduction of'Bloodine" into our hospital we curamore than 90 per cent, of all the ctaeg.ofCatarrhin its various formsbroughfcto us. Catarrh of the Head, CatarrHof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the large in-r'testines. Catarrh of the Larynx, PelTio.Catarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andi;aTjarrn 01 tue oiuumuu ta uuiujucured with "Bloodine." Itbuildanewtissues, gives new energy, new me,now hlnnrf nnr? Rrrp.npf,h to anv TJftrfc of,the bod attacked by the Catarrhal(jVIUMIBloodine is a powerful tonic, nomishine f(valuablelooa medicine, composea oxtonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permaDeafcrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplyBiw, Tich red blood to the whola body.FREE - To prove the wonderfulSttirita of BLOODINE we wiU maillarge sample bottle for 10 oiatt in ffttsx or stamps for postaf a.Blooddoi Coxpoitiok, Boston,-l!tnthb-jN 'J?' 1t 1;) iia. JkVH:liIV AJ:Ifthi31vts,TU'.rMlv.AHvl:v,5 Ift"-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 4, 1911,MILLERSBURG ITEMS.inMJAis. W. M. Insko is among the sick.Mr. C. O. Clarke is among the sick.Mrs. William Parker visitedfriendsIn Paris last week.Mr. Albert Hawes is visiting relatives at Nicholasville.Mrs. Harmon Stitt, of Paris, isvisiting friends here.Mr. G. S. Allen visited relativesWinchester several days this week.Mrs. Elizabeth Dodso n and Mr.H. Current continue about the same.Mrs. J. T. Parker, of Maysville, arrived Wednesday on a visit to relativestiere.Mr. Glenn Ewing, of Waco, Texas,is the guest of his rcousin, Mr. OraLong.Mr. and Mrs. William Hardy leftTuesday for a month's visit to relatives in Missouri.Mi5s Carrie Peed left Wednesday forthe Bracken Association of the Baptistchurch at Two Licks.Mr. J. B. Brown, of Atlanta, Ga.,arrived Wednesday as the guest ol hismother. Mrs. I. N. Brown.Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Jefferson, ofMayslick, were the guests of relatives.here from Monday until today.The annual meeting of the HurstHome Insurance Company will conveneat the Hurst Home office on Wednesday, August 9.Mrs. J. H. Collier and little grand.son, James Collier, left Thursday fora visitjto Mrs. Griffith and family atPaynes Depot.Elder and Mrs. P. W. Troy and littleson. Ellis, returned Monday from"Wellsburg where Elder Troy conducteda two weeks' protracted meeting.Misaes Gladys and Amelia Hurst returned Monday after a several week'svisit to their grandparents, Mr. andiMrs. Ed Cochran at Elizaville.I will sell on August 5 at about theliour of 2 p. m. four building lots beginning at the corner of Trigg andSecond street. Lots are 50 bv 200 feet25 4t MRS. RUSSELL MITCHELL.Miss Sallie Moran, who has been theguest of her cousins, the Misses Mason,for several wekes left Saturday forher home at Maysville accompanied byher cousins. Misses Flora and EvaMason.Mrs. S. M. Allen entertained a number of her lady friends Tuesday afternoon from 2 until 4:30 with 500. Itwas the most brilliant social event ofthe summer. Frozen punch was served on the arrival of the jguests. Atthe close of the progressive game ices,cak'S a-d carny weie served. Thepalatial home wa3 beautifully decorated with cut flowers and potted plantsfor the occaison. The entertainmentwas in honor of Mrs. E. H. Dorian, ofMemphis, Tenn., Mrs J. M. Alverson,of Frankfort, Mrs. Grover Anderson,of Mt. Sterling, and Mrs Lhas.Ernrger, of Detroit, Mich. The guestswere the Misses Colville, Cynthiana,Mary Agnes Purnell, fruth McClinlock, Julia Carpenter, Bessie Purnell,Millersburg; Mesdames Jesse Turner,W. M. Dudley, Rush Swango, C. M.Clay, J. T. Vans2nt, Lou Taylor,Paris; Chas. Friend, Okla., L. R.Rogers. Cane Ridge, W. F. Sandersand O. W. Ingles.Insurance Inspector Vansant, ofFrankfort, was here Wednesday goingover the ousiness of the Hurst HomeInsurance Company.Mrs. Elizabeth Powling, of Carlisle,and Mr. James Hutsell, of Mt. Sterling, were guests of their aunt, Mrs.M. E. Martin, Monday and Tuesday.Caipenter Bros, received a telegramTuesday from a Tennessee firm offering $10,000 for their valuable stallion,King Chieftian, which they promptlyrefused.Mrs. W. M. Miller and children returned Wednesday after a week's'visitto her sister, Mrs. R. L. Buffington, atCincinnati. Mrs. Miller will visit relatives at Louisville before returning.The district Sunday school convention of the Cristian church will be heUat M. M. I. drill hall op. Thursday,August 10. A large crowd is expectedand the committee will be prepared totake care of all who attend.In the regular meeting of AmityLodge No. 40 F. & A. M., Tuesdaynight a number of papers were submitted entitled "Why I Became aMason." Those preparing thesepapers had to give five reasons. Thepapers were all good and enjoyed byall present. The evening was profitably spent and the attendance waslarge.Mr. 'and Mrs. David McCord anddaughter, Miss Sarah, of Lexington,were guests of Mr. and Mrs. E. M.Ingles Tuesday. Miss Sarah McCord .with Misses Mary Burns Parker, of,Maysville, ana Lavina Reynolds, ofCane Ridge, constitute a house partygiven by Miss Elizabeth Ingles. MissIngles will accompany Miss McCordhome Sundayjto remain until after theBlue Grass Fair.At the regular meeting of the CityCouncil Wednesday evening Mr. D. P.Jones was elected to fill out the unexpired term of Mr. J. H. Warford. Permits were granted Miss Bettie Vimonttu build an addition to her propertyoccupied by Wm. Inevis, colored, andD. E. Clark was given a permit toerect a concrete office building on a loton Fifth street for which he is negotating. Three crossing were orderedput down. Two over Trigg ayenue atFourth and Ninth streets and one overthe west end "of Ninth street. Theusual numher of accounts were alllowed and ordered paid.Col. C. M. Best left yesterday forVirginia.Mrs. C. M. Best is visiting relativesin Philadelphia.Miss Belle Taylor left Thursday fora weke's stay at Martinsville, Ind.Mrs. Cha5. Miller and son, James, ofCincinnati, are visiting relatives hereMrs. Louie Clark and daughter, MissM. B. Clark, left yesterday to visitJMra.gKate Williams at Irving.Mr. Chas. Eales and Miss Lula Conway, of Cynthiana, were guests Wednesday of Miss Anna Conway.Mesdames W. D. Mclntvre. "JohnMarr and Mr. E. H. Marr, of ElkoJThe terms will be very liberal andua., were visitors in FranKiort yesterday.It is rumored Millersburg is to havea new butcher shop within the nextfew days. It is said it will be underthe management of Howard & Proctor.Miss Kizzie Mae McDaniil returnedWednesday after a two week's visit torelatives in Cynthiana. She was accompanied home by Miss Louise Monroe.Mr. and Mrs. F. Lilleston. ofWichita, Kas.," Misses Martha andBlanche Lilleston. or Pans, wereguests Wednesday of Mr. and Mrs. D.P. Jones. ,Miss Elizabeth Ingles entertaianed anumber of har young friends Thursdayaftrenoon from 4 :au until b o'clock inhonor of Misses Sarah McCord. ofLexington, and Sarah Burns Parker,of Maysville.Mr. R. M. Caldwell has for the patsaveral days been receiving handfeome and attractive post cards fromunknown persons in surroundingtowns. Will some one inform 'thereaders of the News here who she is.A SUBSCRIBER.Teachers Selected.The recent election of teachers forthe Sixth school district resulted asfollows: Miss Mary Gorham, Clintpnville; Miss Mattie Neal, Bethlehem ; Mrs. Hallie Ardery, Dudley, andMrs Elizabeth. Dundon, Hutchison.Mrs. Dundon has recently been awarded a State certificate by State Superintendent of Public Instruction Regen-stein.IOur Entire Stock of Summer Shoes marked downfor quick selling : : :All the best Walk-Overstyles in Oxfords at cutprices .:::::Our GreatMark-Down Sale !Is Nearing an EndWe broke all records in Shoe selling last week, and nowonder, when the best Shoes are sole at less than cost ofmanufacture. Never in the history of Paris have Shoesbeen sold at such remarkably low prices.To be sure of a clean sweep, we have arranged our stock, marking down our entire line ofSummer Shoes at less than cost.Col. Flood to Lecture on Possibilities of Oklahoma RealEstate.Col. Richird Flood, the well knowntownsite man, of Oklahoma, who conducted a most Successful sale in Parislast Saturday, and who has conductedsimilar sales in different parts of tnecountry, will deliver a lecture at thecourt house door in Paris Mondayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock.Col. Flood is a gifted speaker andextends a special invitation to tneladies of Paris and vicinity to ba present. He will tell you about the OsageNation in Oklahoma, and the wonderful possibilities of making money buying building lots in Blackland, a newtown that is being developed. Thistown has a t first-class railroad andother advantages that are sure toenhance the value of the propertythere.Col. Flood, through his local representatives, Harris & Speakes, willsell a number of these lots at Dublicauction immediately after the lecture.alltitles to be sold will be guaranteed bya regular abstract and tide company.Oklahoma Lots Sold.Harris & Speakes, the real estatedealers, through their auctioneer,George D. Speakes, sold publicly atthe court house door Saturday morningfor Richard Flood, twenty-six building lots in a new townsite being developed in Osage county, Oklahoma.The following were buyers at anaverage price of $17 per lot: JamesH. Haggard, 6; Dr. J. M. Lacock, 2;William C. Gentry 2; W. S. Hughes,4; Wililam E. Kane, 2; James H.Moreland, 2; Harris & Speakes, 2;and Squire L. J. Fretwell 2.Injured in Runaway..Mrs Isaac Roberts and daughter,Miss Helen Roberts, of this city wereseriously injured in a runaway accident which occurred while they wereon a visit to Owingsville. The horsethey were driving became frightenedand ran into a barbed wire fenceThey were brought home Tuesdaynight. Dr. Wm. Kenney is attendingthem.Quarterly Court in Session.The Bourbon Quartrely Court was insession Wednesoay morning and anunusually large docket disposed of consisting of thirty appearance suits and2b continued cases.Cattle Sales.Mr. Ben Woodford sold Tuesday toH. R. Harp, of Scott county, 100lambs at $6 per hundred, and Mr. W.B. Woodford sold 100 head to the sameparty at the same price.Mr. Thomas Henry Clay sold to Jonas Weil 120 head of cattle, and Mr.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., 34 head at$5.65 per hundred pounds.Assignee's Sale.As assignee of the defunct Citizens'Bank, Buckner Woodford, cashier ofthe Bourbon Bank, sold at public auction yesterday mornimr the bankine-housH at the southwest corner ofFourth and Main street, occupied bythe Citizens' .Bank, to Mayor J. T.Hinton for $9,450. The furniture andfixturep, safe and other articles weredisposed of to various persons, thesale amounting to about $610.10.Skidding Auto Hits Wagon.The auto of Mr. Wm. Simms, whichwas being driven at a very low rae ofspeed, owing to the muddy ' conditionof the street Wednesday afternoon atthe foot of the Second street hill,skiddd to the side of the road strikinga wagon. None of the occupants ofthe machine were injured. The running board of the car was badlydamaged.RELIGIOUS. "jPor To-morrow,Saturday,And as many days as the lots will last, we have added somespecial bargain lots at one-half the price their actual value.DAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.Come to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is onand save the difference.Come now while the rangeof sizes is still good andthe styles of the best.jThe annual missionarv conventionoi tne onnsuan cnurcnes or this section is to be held September 2, atParks Hill, Nicholas county.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, nf the Baptist church will preach at the unionservices to'be held at the Christianchuich tonight.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be innis puipu ounaay morning ana evening at the usual hour. Union serviceat night.DEATHS.Mr. Hugh Montgomery received atelephone message from Birmingham,Ala., Wednesday afternoon, Ktating.that his brothei, Hon. Joseph H Montgomery, postmaster of Birimngham,had died very eudjenly. He is survived by his wife, but had no children.Mr. Montgomery left for BirminghamWednesday evening to remain untilafter the funeral.MATRIMONIAL.Miss Mattia C. Miller and Mr.Allen G. Rowland, of this city wereunited in marriage in Lexington Tuesday afteri oon at the residenc of theofficiating minister, Elder I. J. Spencer. The marriage of Mr. John "Farmerand Miss Pearl Withers, both of thiscity, was vquietly celebrated Wednesday evening at the home of the officiating minister. Elder Carey E. Morgan. The wedding came as quite asurprise to friends and relatives of thecontacting parties.Miss Ida Ruth Paynter, of thiscity, and Mr. William Hewitt RatcIiffe, of Louisville, were united inmarriage Sunday af trnoon in the parlors of thp Phoenix hotel in Lexington,the Rev. Mark Collis officiating. Theceremony was witnessed, by Dr. andMrs J. W. Rollings, of Lexington,,and Mrs. C. T. Ratbffe, of Louisville,the mother of ihe groom. Mr. Ratcliffe until recently was a well knowndruggist of Louisville. The bride,whose home is in tins eitv han fnlI some time resided in Lexington. They. will reside in Lexington.,Tramps Capture C. 4 0. Train.Tramps boarded a C. & O. freighttrain Monday just after it left Louisville and held, possession of it, intimidating the train crew until the trainreached Frankfort. The police routedthe tramps at Frankfort and one wasshot in the arm by Policeman FredGordon. The arm was shattered andan amputation may be necessary. Thepolice arrested six of the tramps andthey were sent to the workhouse.The tramps were discovered, sevenof them on c.ne car, a short time after iiuc nam leiu j-iuuiavnitf, anu me trainmen tried to drive the men off thecar. One of the men had a revolver,it is said.and tbey defied the trainmen.When West Frankfort was reachea oneof the trainmen called up police headquarters. He told of the predicamentof the train crew, and asked that thepolice meet the train at the depot inFrankfort and arrest the tramps.Policemen Gordon and Hayden metthe train and were shown tne car inwhich the men were hiding. Whenthe men saw they were dealing withthe police they jumped from the carand ran in all directions. The policegave chase, and Gordon calling to oneof them to halt, fired when his command was ignored.Lynching Feared.The trial of James Ellis and FountHelton for the murder of Judge A. J.Bfatty and Constable William F.Heath ac Somerset, was continued until September 11 because of theabsence of witnesses Judge Bethurumentered an order removingthe prisoners from the Sometset to tne Danvillejailtorsafekeeping until the trial inSeptember. Feeling is so high it wasfeared an attempt would be made tolynch the two men.97fasierJs SaleOFStruck by Falling Bell.MiHs Lucy Darnaby, aged 87, whileraising an alarm of fire on the farm ofher brother, Carter D. Moore, wasrendered unconscious for several hoursand probably fatally injured. Thefarms of Horace Grover,Fred Coffmanand Carter Moore, neighbors were setafire by a passing L. & N. friegbttrain almost simltanueously. MissDarnaby rang the farm bell, whichhad long been out of use. Ihe nellfell and knocked her over, cutting herabout the head and hands. Fifty menhad been aroused, however," and theyfought the fire for two hours.Given Heavy Sentence.Jeff Luke, keeper of n soft drinkestaolishment at Georgetown, received the third penalty within a few daysfor violation of the local option law inGeorgetown. He was given the mostsevere sentence so far inflicted, fortydays in jail and a $60 fine for selling apint of whisky to James Humphries.Three more charges are pendingagainst him.Pellagra Patients to be Isolated.Bectiusp of the spreading of pellargain the Eastern Kentucky lunaticasylum at Lexington there is considerable uneasiness among the nurses andattendants, who, despite the assurances of local physicians, believp thedisease is contagious. To satisfythem the Slate Board of Control ofCharitable institutions will make provisions for the isolation of the affected patients, of which there are 12 females and 5 males.Real Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.W. A. Gpine3 & Co., - - Plaintiffsvs.Henry Clay - - - - - Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911.of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will onSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis. Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., sellthe property described in the judgment and ordered to be sold in thisaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaintiffs' judgment and costa beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit ofsix months, to-wit:A certain house and parcel of groundon the waters of Hinkston creek in thetown of Shippsville, Bourbcn county,Ky., particularly described as follows:beginning at a stone corner to LewiPetprs, running with the road 22 1-2yards to a stone on the same side ofhe road, thence weat 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thenceS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters' corner;thence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser will he required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interestit the rate of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, payable to theundersigned Master Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amountingon the day of sale to 86.45, and coatsof this action, including the costs ofsale amounting to the sum of $63.32.amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $149.77.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.1-4 OFFOn All Men's andBoy's Suitsnn a ui ubb bh naaai wi ii!Bennie WeissbergHome For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYIimtf$mifrsamOur Line of Sterling Sil 1ver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,a - hHmwA r ni;4,Both Phones.M' jV Jv-"mV