r .THE BOURBON NEWS.sPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE TEAKVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1911.KILLED IN PISTOL DUELI$ASftwft$AS4S9g1sslVmmmilkm33w C 111 1 I tfN .am.dltnil-WttSllll dHHldl.At TheDep'l Store,Thursday j Oct 19,j 1 .25 Dress Goods, at Halfprice, 62 1 -2c yard.Sale from 9 to a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.I MilNOTE For TailoredMillinery, visit our 2nd floor.Suits, Coats and&&&&&..,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,..,.,.,.,.,V2s?fcV! ffwWe Save You MoneAs We Sell For Cash OnlyStandard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per lb 12 l-2cWhite Bacon, per lb 10cFat Bacon, per lb .' 12cBreakfast Bacon in the'piece, per lb 20cLenox Soap, 3 bars. 10cLenox Soap, 8 bars '. 25cLenox Soap, 17 bars 50cArgo Starch, 3 boxes 10cBlueing, 2 boxes 5cThe best Gun Powder Tea, per lb 75cGood Quality Gun Powder Tea, per lb 50cPreserving Pears, per bu $1.00BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityYou Have Tried the Rest, Now Try the Best.Blu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55T. C. LENIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,Dave Robinson, Colored Mail Carrier, Shot to Death By Dr.Ben Hickman.OLD DIFFERENCE CAUSE.Tragedy Occurred Near Homes. of the Two Men Last NightHickman in Jail.ftftft&&. m m i i vm rw . m mm" vvc tvmuw nuw "fO WHERE YOU WILL and meet whoever you may happenm " uPn you are dressed in the clothes we'll sell you, you'll be astyy vell dressed as you want to be. That's the one advantage you get by &coming to us. .'Rgg Zij'AmmisSBoys Clothing!We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50to$l6.00in alUthe latest colors and stylesmfmi''-ZlXm&jksvwmk&mijj?fesfcBoys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.In a shooting affray which occurredlast evening about 6 :45 o'clock, DaveRobinson, colored, a city mail carrier,was killed by Benjamin Hickman, acolored physician.The tragedy took place on Williamsstreet near the corner of Lillestonavenue and in the immediate vicinityof the homes of the two parties, andwas the result of ill feeling that hasexisted for several years. Hickmanwas arrested shortly alter the shooting and lodged inj ail.The ill feeling that has existed between Robinson and Hickman, it issaid began about six years ago andwas over a matter pertaining to alodge of which both were members,and which culminated in Hickman being ejected from the order. Since thenthe men have frequently engaged inminor affairs and last week Robinsonhad Hickman arrested on a charge ofprovoking an assault. In Police Courthe was fined for the offense and waslater placed under a bond to keep thepeace.According to the report there wasone eye-witness to the affair a whitewoman residing in the neighborhood,who it is said witnessed the shooting,but the name of the party could not belearned.When seen at the county jail lastnight Hickman at first declined to discuss the shootng but later agreed toan interview. In his story of the affairhe alleges that Robinson was the aggressor and that he shot only in defense of his own life.Hickman staled that shortly beforeit was his custom to return home, hiswife called him over the phone at hisoffice on High street and told himRobinson wa3 in waiting for him atthe corner of Lilleston avenue andWilliams street. -Apprised of this fact Hickman saidhe had Thomas Craven call up Partolman Link, who was informed of thepresence of Robinson at that point.Hickman, was accompanied by hisson, a boy about twelve years of age,and stated that he took a round-aboutcourse to his homp, with the hope of If avoiding Robinson. When he neured,C the cornre where Robinson was said toyj. be in waiting he saw him emerge fromfa shadow. .Hickman inquired what hpA'j ' wnted when Robinson is alleged to:! have fired. Hickman drew his reolver, and returned the fire. Robinson, acjW cording to Hickman'a story, then turn:? ed and ran to the corner where he firedagain, all of his shcts going wide, andA's Hickman emptied his revolver in the:' direction of which Robinson was lastseen.Robinson ran a short distance Weston Higgins avenue and fell directlyin front of the residence of Thos.Taul. One bullet took effect in hisJk right arm and the bullet which provedw , fatal struck him in the right breast,tfi ' deflecting from its course and ranged?!' downward. He was picked up andf taken to his home where he lived buttk'd a short time.;JT Four chambers in Robinson's revolff , ver were empty, which indicates thatib'f three shots were fired at Hickman aty. the corner and evidently after he hadbeen mortally wounded. The handleof a broom about three feet in length,was found a short distance fromwhere he fell, and this is said by Hickman to have been held by Robinsonwhen he approached him before firingthe first shot.-Immediately after the shootingHickman called up Patrolman Chas.Thomas who he informed of thetragedy and the latter went immedi-ately to the scene placing Hickmanunder arrtBt and lodging him in jail.During the time Robinson has heldthe position of city mail carrier Hickman is said to have preferred chargesagainst him on numerous occasions,the latest being registered yesterday.It is said by Robinson's friends thatthe charges were made through maliceand on one occasion when he was inthe county ccurt ona charge of seduction Hickman appeared as a prosecuting witness.Robinson is said to have left thepostoffice last night about 6 :30 o'clockand gave no intimation either by wordor action to those with whom he wasassociated that he intended to accostHickman, although'he had been apprised of the charges the colored physicianhad made against him.Last night Hickman expressed deepregret? over the affair but stronglycontends .that he killed Robinsoa inself-defense.mCORRECT STYLE is an important thing in Clothes;!but style is one thing you' ve got to take somebody'sword for. Ycu want good style, of course; and you wantto be sure that the CUthes you buy are correct in style.Now, this "more" is what you'd better come to us forthis certainty.XwwGet Iii Early While the Picking is Good .vIBOYS' OUTFIT, FROM HEAD TO FOOT, MOST COMPLELE 1TRUNKS RAIN COATS ' RUBBER BOOTSSUIT CASES UMBRELLAS SLICKERS!.; Mitchell & Blakemore,1Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyWMrsi.TrirTtMMIIIIIIMIIII Kill im 111. Ill III lltlllllldllllllll III II in inimtiiii .TH .s5S m ! . iiUHwnuiiiiii i mi ii 1 1 urn i iii iii 1 1 ii i in him i ii iii 1 1 in ii i in ii i wuiiiiuiMij'miiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuim3AwsmGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,3SJS3i322?s!jg Clothiers. aill , mkChamp Clark to Lecture HererThe announcement that Hon. ChampClark, Speaker of the House of Representatives, will lecture here on theevening of October 24, under the auspices of the Morehead Lyceum Courseis causing much talk among the peopleof this city. This lecture will be thefirst of the series of more than half adozen excellent numbers that havebeen assigned here during the wintermonths, and will be given in the courthouse instead of the opera house asfirst announced. Mr. Clark is an ablelecturer and the thoughts emanatingfrom his productive mind, mingledwith oratoryare "highly entertaining.sv5WFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.33300 Newest Style Coats and Hats Just Received.Come in and Take a LookI &We Offer For Your Inspection the Greatest and Best Line ofSUITS, CLOAKS AND SKIRTSEver Shown in Central KentuckySUITS-At $15.00, $20.00, $25.00 and $35.00These are values that mean a saving to you of from $2. 50; to. S10.00 on a suit.vCOATSAt $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00A full assortment - of Black Cloth Coats and all the new largeCollar and double faced effects. Also the popular Reversible CoatsSKIRTS-. At $3.98, $5.00, $7.50 up to $15.00 eachAn elegant selection of the season's most popular" styles- inCorduroys, Fancy Materials. Serges and Panamas. "SHOESTn Vfilvpts. Satins. ShpHp Pntpnt' smrl Clnn Mnfolc -f, T nAlncand Misses. 3KMILLINERY- .Complete line of Suit Hats at popular prices.Frank & Co.' '$.'''I Paris, - - Kentucky j S.SiiiiinimimiiimnnmirM 3k-jja i'IIici I4m-1MiMijBm-irm --- ir i -i iiiiHHirrmitniT rwTr i fa-Taii irwTSdiiynFTrrT9rfT.THE BOURBON NEWS, - PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT, 17, 1911.ePUBLIC SALETHE BOURBON NEWSaQildmrI1 rJOF-A FINE BOURBON COUNTY FARMCrop, Live Stock, Farming Implements,Household Goods, Etc.Owing to ill health, I will sell my farm at public auction on! THURSDAY, OCT. 19, 1911,at 10 o'clock a m.. on the premises, 2j miles from Paris, Ky., on the Ruddles31ills turnpike.The farm contains 100 acres of fine Blue Grass land, 50 acres now in grass,"balance in high state of cultivation, and is well watered, with springs, pondsand pools in each enclosure. Fencing is all of the latest improved woven wire."Young orchard of apples, peaches, plums, cherries, etc.Tne improvements consist of a new two-story frame residonce of eightorooms, two halls, veranda, two porches, five presses, good dry cellar and cistern'on porch. It has the best dairy in the county, meat house, hen house, coallouse, stock barn with six large box stalls and tongue and grooved loft, tobaccoiiarn, holds 15 acres. All outbmldmgs in first class repair.This is an excel'ent farm of the best producing and best watered land in thecounty, an ideal country home, in a spltndid neighborhood, convenient toschools, and a fifteen-minute drive to Paris.If not sold it will be rented to the highest bidder.At the same time and place, I will sell the following crop, stock and implements:2S0 shocks of corn,4 tons of mixed loose hay.5 milk cows, fresh,2 milk cows, fresh Jan ln1 Jersey heifer,2 Jersey calves,1 yearling steer,1 family mare, gentle for lady to drive,1 work and brood mare in foal to jack,2 brood sows,11 100-pound shoats,25 Southdown ewes, yearlings,A lot of chickens, turkeys, ducks,TERMS Personal property, cash. Farm one-third cash, balance in.two equal payments in'one and two years, deferred notes to bear 6 per cent,ianterest., ; Possession March 1, 1912.T. S. SHANNON.j GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information, address Harris & Speak es, Paris, Ky., who will'-"'xake pleasure in showing the farm to prospective purchasers.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.f3 ,k, iPpapHsM i iSi-J-i' -LOWRY &4ftHisifA4VSOS:j5&RniffhnnDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbooOWaHBiill pISHInk lmParisKenfucky.MrtflWMtliffejJZ3T ttX-fM8S?M tMm5 Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryPIreproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and neveraeed repairs. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST; MilWsburg, Kentucky.Bloodine Cures Strains. "Rrnis.' Rheumatic es, Sprains, Eheum-umment atic pains. Jfains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, Frostjjiuca, ouie JLiiroau, vuiusy, vroup,Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.W. T. Erooks, Agent150 frying chickens,1 2-horse wagen,2 buggies, 1 surrey,t 1 double-shovel plow,1 Champion mower, 1 disc harrow.1 breaking plow, 1 sled,Cutting box, 1 hay rake,10,000 tobacco sticks,Work gear and harness, single-tree,double-tree, hoes, shovels and manythings too numerous to mention.Some household and kitchen furniture.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand att.-active and real T better!heat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.TALBOTTWI niinrlrvOffice Opp. Postoffice. ijffr- (US(IS(isA P rticalar Sen ice For AftParticular People. A-They ate ilea.-.fd wi'h our 4.launclrx work the rest of ycourse. S -tmarie, th.roujrh SMfpa'iistak.)! n work enable us !to get y-ur laundry out thed wt i roinise it and it- fipqutli'.v is uuaranteed. Give tk'us i trial order. You'll not yj!re .r.-t it. fLaundry,miwa.llttfiHfrlitimrcmHiMiw bi V." iOii f r iti j)ij uiiisrsewiMMlnAnnflMIw u v-v;.'&&' jzziwThe Pity of It.Just about the time that a womanfinds out how to preserve her beautyshe discovers that she is so old thatit will not be worth while.No Limit to Its Stretching.The most elastic fabric Js tne tr6utyarn. - ,V . ITBOTH 'PHONES, i24.SWIFT CHAMP, -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatotlice a, rfecond-claas Mail Matter.Established in 1881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$.00, Payable inCharge o Insincerity WorriesO'Rear.Judge O'Rear is writhing under thecharge of insincerity which has beenmade in every section of the State,and which has been confirmed by everywurd he has uttered since his nomination. He claims that Henry Watterson editor of the Courier-Journal, firstgave currency to the accusation thathe lacked sincerity. Whoever firstcalled public attention, to the Judge'smoral delinquency in this respect, onlyput into wurds the thought that hasbeen waiting for expression in theminds of. thousands of those who haveheard and read Judge O'Rear's speeches. The indictment that can be drawnagdnst the Republican nominee onthis score cannot be demurred out ofthe Court of public opinion. Beginningwith the pledges that he made to thepeople before his nomination, he hasviolated so many that it is difficult toenumerate them.He claimed to be the foe of th "corrupt lobby," and was waiting eagerlyfor the time when he could put itsmembers into uniform, and drive themat the whip's end frcm the halls ofLegislation at Frankfort. In the faceof this, he put the crown of approvalupon Bradley, who was elected to theUnited States Senate by this identical"corrupt lobby" that he now promisesto destroy. jH claims to be the one true friendof temperance; that the money of theWhiskey Trust has debauched theState; purchased weak legislators, andprevented the extension of the county 1unit. At the first opportunity, he appoints the President of one of the biggest whiskey concerns of the State,chairman of his finance committee,personally applauding him for the collections he had made, and urging himto keep on with the good work. Whenhe was caught red-handed in the company of this distiller, he dramaticallyserved nctice on him in a public speechthat he must not accept money fromhis fellow whiskey men, but forgot toinform him that the amount contributed by himself must be returned.Pretending to lie awake at nightsover the wrongs of'the tobacco growers, he places on his ticket ex-enatorJack Oliver, who voted against the tobacco people at every opportunity inthe State Senate.Although before the RepublicanState Convention he announced that hefavored the initiative and referendum,when the Repbulican platfoim was announced, there was no reference tothese progressive policies.Judge O'Rear promised the womenof the State that he was in favor ofwoman's suffrage, and although hepersonally dictated the Republicanplatform, he could find no place in itfor a plank approving woman's suffrage. His platform heartily endorsedPresident Tafc and all his policies, butwhen he was called to account fur approving the vetoes of the president, hepassed it off by saying that the platform endorsement was a meaninglessbouquet.His platform app roves every act ofGovernor Willson's extravagant, ineffieient,adimnistration,but when the burden of it was transferred to O'Rear'sshoulders, he stood from under it withthe declaration that that plank was amere pleasantry, ana must not oetaken seriously.tSo it will be seen that Judge O'Rearonly makes promises to break them.He is not true to his party, to himself, or to what few convictions he haso l public questions. Wherever he happens to be, he takes- the color jf hissurroundings, and supports any fad,folly or policy that promises to gainhim a few votes.Starting cut a pure Judge clothed inrrmine from head to toe, unsullied anduispotted, he has in a few short weeksbeen transformed into a time-servingpolitician whose insincerity is stamped,upon his countenance, and colors tverywo d t-at he utteru.Daily Thought. ,Dare to be what you are, and tolearn to resign with a good grace allthat you are not and to believe in yourown Individuality. Amiel.NO. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00CONFIDENCEWe BackUp Our Statements WithOur Personal Reputationand Money.We are so positive that we can relieve constipation, nu matter howchronic it may be, that we offer tofurnish the money free of all cost ifwe fail.We think that it is worse than useless to attempt to cure constipationwith catharic drugs. Catharics maydo much harm. They may cause areaction, irritate and weaken thebowels, and make constipation morechronic.Constipation i3 often accompaniedand may be caused by weakness of thenerves and muscles of the large intestine or colon. To expect a cure youmust therefore tone up and strengthenthose parts and restore them to heal,thier activity.The discovery of the active principleof our remedy involved the labor ofcareful research chemists. This remedy produces results such as are expected from the best of the best-knownintestinal tonics, and it is particularlyprompt in its results.We f?ant you to try Rexall Orderlieson our guarantee. They are exceedingly iJtasant to take and are ideal forchildren. They apparently act directlyon the nerves and muscles of thebowels, having, it would seem, a neutral action on other organs or glands.They do not purge or cause inconvenience. If they do not positively curechronic or habitual constipation andthus.relieve the myriads ot associateor dependent chronic ailments, yourmoney will be refunded. Iry RexallOrderlies at our risk. Three sizes ofpackages, 10c, 25c, and 50ii. Remamber, you can obtain Rexall Remediesin this community only at our stcreThe Rexall Store. G. S. Varden &Son, Paris, Ky.Railroad to Own Wire Service.A dispatch from New York says thatat the annual meeting of the Louisville & Nashville railroad stockholders,an amendment to the by-laws wasadopted permitting the company tocwn and operate its own telegraph andtelephone service and also handle comrre'cial buisness.fl Its contract with the Western UnionTelegraph Company has been revocableby either parly on twelve month'snotice'4since 1909. The Western Uniongave such notice last August.American Fruits in Chili.American peaches, pears and smallfruits grow well in Chili.Notice of Election.Notice is hereby given that therewill be on Tuesday after the first Mondayi n November, 1911, which is November 7, 1911, an election held whichwas o-dered by the l.ourbon CountyCourt on August 3, 1911, for the purpose of taking the sense of the legalvoters in the Precinct of ClintonvilleNo 1, upon the question as to whetheror net cattle or any species thereofshall be permitted to run at large insaid precinct.A. S. THOMPSON,Sheriff Bourbon County.Oct 17, 24, 27, 31.HEis2iilssThe instinct of modesty nstaral to every "woman is often agreat hindrance to the cure o womanly diseases. "Womenshrink from the personal questions of the local physicianwhich seem indelicate. Tiie thought of examination is abhorrent to them, and so they endure in silence a conditionof disease which surely progresses from bad to worse.It has been Dr. jPJercc's privilege to euro n freat maxy women tt-JJc have lozznd a rpCuofor modczty la Lis offer of JTrZTiZ consultstion by letter. 2111 correspondence is heldas sacredly confidential, SLddrass 2) 12. V.Pierce, Buffalo3 . I".Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription restores and regulatesthe womanly functions, abolishes pain and builds up andputs the finishing touch of health on every weak womanwho gives it a fair trial.It Mskes Weak Women Strong,Sick Women Well.You can't afford to accept a secret nostrum as a substitutefor this non-aIcoholicmedic;ne of known composition.GEO. W. DAVISFDNEBAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMB1LMER.BOTH 'PHOJfES-DAT 13 7; NIGHT 299.$95S32sE6;SS!!g3s!qSjagSggjjyThe Jkcst is noneBuyand make the Women happy.CSaSSQSPSaEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North aMiddletown, Little7 RockRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ. WIIjtilAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Ofliee 514 Main Streer..Office Phones S" IE 5;..uine J.00.Residence j 'o334.e334.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr, J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up StairsOver"Vardeii's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestK. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 3, Elk's BkPgParis, .... KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.)Bloodine E. A Cross, 516 GlasgowfrAfl Street. Portsmouth, Va.ures Says: "My WifeRheumatism Has used Bloodine fort Rheumatism with the mostgratifying: results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds It givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good.'V-- B BM J f23SS3MStoo good for you.k DentonIS, KY.r-w?CQ5Sg3tf6enyouFiail and Shade Trees;Shrubp, Asparagus, Rbcbarb, Pecnie9,Rosrs. Phlox., etc. Everything foOichard.Lawn ana Garden. No ayHntI Our prices may interest you. FreeilH.TeriiLLENMEYER & sons.i '" i.exnigtcn, ivyBicycle for Sale.Banner bicycle, ccaster brake, goodas new. Will sell cheap for cash. Callat Bourbon News office. 6 3tWHY OWNWebsteiCsNewInternationalDictionaryTHE MERRIAM WEBSTER?Because 5? N:lW cbea1HON, covering everyfield of the world's thought,action, and culture. Tie onlynew unabridged dictionary inmany years.Because fc deflnes over 400,000. Words; more than ever"before appeared between twocovers. 2700 Pages. 6000 J3-Mistrations.Because ?a 'e ly dictionarym With the Tie-otr rH-o-fr?IIpage. A "Stroke of Genius."Because ifc is aa encyclopedia in1 a single volume.Because ifc is acepted by the- . Courts, Schools andPress aa the one supreme azx-uj.uxi.iy.Because k who knows WinsSuccess. Let us tallyou about this new work.WXI7S far rpeoisas tfuv ttrided mm.G. C MERRIAM CO.. PUitfer,SKi&U.lhM.iiESTO9W. T. Brooks, Agent.uaauupapar,reciTtrXXX a. set afftttkrtx?.I THE BO0RBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 17j WillfTwoj DropsI ofStoodJhe Mysteries, oLMen!slDiseases(Revealed by a Complete Laboratory Eximinition)If You Want to Know the Truth, See Old Dr. DolleASSOCIATE SPBCIALIST OP CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST COMPANY.1.OancesjUriie --v,4iDt i't Wait until joy are Indicted and Sentenced and the Gates of Health Closed Against You i. .. --rr . . -- --n.f jnow, the iacts are, you naveI WANT A TALK WITH YOUin reference to that which shouldconcern every man more than allthe money in the world Health,Heritage 3nd Success.What is true of your physicalcondition must Be reflected in thewell-being of your children forfuture generations. A nationthat dies may be "born again" ina physical sense, and may yethand down a Heritage that isUrjlCX. DOLLE,M.JJ.AssociateSpecialist.worthmore than all tne wealtn it may naveproduced.In preserving your blood cells we arehelping to shape the destiny of futuregenerations, and the few dollars we leavebehind will count for but lktle comparedto the vital spark that flows throughthe blood stream of men who do thingsright.The time has come for you to decidewhether you will be the man that Natureintended or will permit yourself to bedeluded "to be cast into the scrap pile."Your first duty is self-preservationTruth is eternal. Your Heritage is yourgreatest asset.If the underlying principles upon whichmy SPECIFIC BLOOD CELL REMEDIES were perfected had not been right18 years ago they would not be right today. I believe if you had your troublelast year you still have the resulting weakness this year, and the fact that I was unable to secure your confidence shouldcause me all the more concern in makingan honest and sincere effort to have yousee the right way to do justice by yourself.kown me directly or indirectly for '18 years here in Cincinnati, and.you have watched and waited to 'see my efforts revolutionize thepractice of my specialty. 'Now, if my 22 years of experience is worth anything to you,if the services of the best laboratory in the city of Cincinnati isworth anything to you if theremedies I have perfected, and whichhave been endorsed by the best authorsin the world are worth anything to youif one of the best hospitals in the city ofCincinnati, if needed, is worth anything toyou, all of which can be had without adollar if needed, I know this shouldcause you to have but one opinion, andthat is, that I have shown a dispositionto do a hundred times more than you arewilling to do for yourself. lo. ,.,If you place no value on your healthand Heritage, I am talking to the wrongman, but if you do believe what I havesaid and you are willing to make an effortto help yourself there is no just reasonwhy you should feel that you cannotafford to protect that which is worth ahundred times mor6 than all the moneythat you have or will make. vAre you willing to hand your heritagedown from generation through your children? Look at the thousands of menwho are paying the price of their ancestors' indiscretions. Let us cure you?J Vitalt . Factss .r OF INTEREST TOEveryX Jyanlet Me Send You This BookFREEWhile countless thousands have already written for this hook,and are now well and happy because of the same, still there are yetthousands of others who ne"ed just sach. valuable information asthis book of Dr. Dolle's contains. Ko diseased man should fail toget this book now, because it is sent free of any cost, and is notonly interesting and instructive, but tells men how to avoid diseases and weakness, the cause and cure, and how they can make theclimb of life with strength, and health to wealth, honor, happine, and why some men are failures, miserable; the completebook sent upon application, free, sealed, by mail.If in or near this city, take time to drop in our office that youmay Have a complete, thorough and free Examination. No chargefor professional advice, either at office or by mail.Hours : 9 to 12; 1 to 4. Sundays, 9 to 1. Three nights a week:Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nights, 7 to 8.SEND US THIS COUPON TODAY.( CINCINNATI MEN-Dr. Dolle andG advertised, free.NAMESPECIALIST CO., 521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati: -Associate Specialists: Please forward me your Book, asADDRESS(This Book will not be sent unless you mention this newspaper.)wamrFr.No Patient Charged More Than What He is Glad and Willing To PayWe simply want the opportunity of showing every man suffering from INFECTION, BLOOD POISON, SKIN DISEASES, NERVOUSNESS, RHEUMATISM,KIDNEY AND BLADDER COMPLICATIONS, ENLARGED VEINS (WEAKBLOOD VESSELS), WEAK ORGANS, that he can only be made strong by andthrough the blood stream, also, that no "salves," suspensory bandages, washes toapply night and morning, or gallons of "dope" taken internally or externally willCURE VARICOCELE, HYDROCELE, PILES and STRICTURE, but that OURMETHOD, without knife or danger to life in any way, will CURE IN ONETREATMENT one visit and the patient leaves this institute CURED for life.We know that we can give him new life, new hope, and restore him back to healthand happiness. We know that every man will pay after we have eliminated everytrace of disease from his system, therefore we say to all diseased men test ourtreatment at OUR EXPENSE until you are satisfied to pay our very smallcharges besides all sufferers should bear in mind this important matter; HEREthey get the attention not only of Dr. Dolle personally, but of several SPECIALISTSin each case without extra charge. What ONE of US does not know, some ofthe other associated STAFF DOES. Our practice is large, our cures are scatteredall throughout this great city, this state and neighboring states; our Institute hereis as finely and completely equipped as money will make it. We offer diseased menall that a reputation of almost a score of years experience in this city carries withit, honesty, reliability, skill, and all for a very moderate charge, in reach of any andall sufferers. Fill out the coupon above or call today. Don't wait until ' 'tomorrow."NOMONEY REQUIRED TO COMMENCE TREATMENT. Address or call onCINCINNATI MEH-SPECIALIST CO. (SB3.)52I Walnut5 St.For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.THE WHITE SCHOOLIt Looked Like the Negro School, butThis Was a Mistake.During one of my drives of exploration I passed a school in Spencercounty, about thirty-rive miles eastof Louisville. At first sight I wassure I had stumbled upon a typicalnegro school, but as 1 went about theyard with my camera a farmer wholived near by came over to see whatI was doing."How long has this colored schoolbe'en here?" I asked."This is the white school, an I don'know how long it's been built. All 1know is that it wasn't noways newTgSjEftfcTHE ANCIENT WKECK WITH ITS SAGGINGFliOOR.when I moved into this neighborhoodthirty years ago comin' May.""When was it painted last?""Painted?" He laughed good naturedly as he took a freph chew of histwist. "Painted? Why it ain't neverhad no paint on it that I ever see orheard of."I looked at the ancient wreck, withits sagging floor, its scattered rockabout the door where there shouldhave been a walk; then my glance fellupon a new, sturdy long distance telephone pole which stood close to onecorner of the building. I walked upand, placing my hand against it, waited and fell to thinking. Suddenly thebusy humming of the wires seemed tobe whispering insistently to the brokenhouse: "Wake up! Wake up! We arenot asleep today! We are in the hurrying and scurrying twentieth century!Wake up and join the procession!"On the far side of the school I stumbled upon some old fashioned handmade desks and at once asked myfarmer friends where they had comefrom."Why. they come out of the school .there, of course. The children used 'emuntil this year, when they put in somenew ones."My next search was for the closets.I knew there was no coal house on thepremises, for the old desks were piledOur new Fall line in. all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and .GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. MJ'WilLams"THIS HEBE IS A PAUPER SCHOOL.'1upon the top of the winter's supply ofcoal. I was unable to find even theremains of any closet, so I again questioned my farmer friend."They ain't never had none since Ibeen in the neighborhood!""Haven't had any closets at all?" Iexclaimed in amazement. "How canyour teachers handle a school withoutclosets?"The man hesitated a moment, shifted his quid to the other side of his jawand answered quietly:"Gawd knows. I don't.""How do you happenrto have such apoor schoelhouse in this part of thecounty the land looks pretty good?""You see, this here is a pauper'school."I pretended not to understand 'himfully, so I asked:"My, that's too bad. I had no ideathat the farmers up here on the headwaters of Salt river were so poor. Youhaven't even got a church in the neighborhood, then?""Oh, yes! We've got a mighty nice,brand new church a mile out the pikefrom here.""State built that, too?" I suggested."Why, no; the folks all chipped inand built it," he explained carefully."We ain't poor folks at all.""Why couldn't you folks chip in anddo something for this old tumbledownschool?" I asked."We could have done it. couldn'twe?" he exclaimed. "I reckon we justnever thought about it that way."Snperior Endores'. Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature. It willpost you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, -etc.Superior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. .. Insist on'Superior.Union Tout Buildiagr, CiHcIamati, O.Jurtiu Colli, President.Tte Snperior Portland Cement Co.SOLD BYStirers Lvmber Co.Park, Ky.Education Pays.The state of Kansas, though lessthan sixty years old, has excellentschools, and her taxable property hasincreased at the rate of $120,000,000annually during the past ten years, atotal increase of $120,000,000 in a decade. This is twice the total assessment of Kentucky.The,, valuation of real property inKentucky is $487.835.2.")0. In Kansasthe same class of property is valuedat $1,578,048,700.The valuation of personal propertyin Kentucky was $143,313,000, whilein Kansas it was $880,043,009.The total assessed valuation in Kentucky was $G44,489,000 and in Kansas$2,453,G91,So9.The above figures arev from theWorld Almanac for 1910.WISE TIGHTWAD IS BEATENHow "Percy Chambers" Thought HWas Getting the Best of Railroad, But He WasvNot.Chicago. This is the story of atightwad beaten at his own game.The tightwad, a Chicagoan, who willbe known here as Percy Chambers, because that is not his name, was In St.Joe, Mo., recently, and wanted to go toSalt Lake on a business trip, but hehated to pay out ?30.50, which was theadvertised rate for the round trip. SoPercy hunted up a friend who was intown with a theatrical company boundfor Denver."Joe, win you smuggle me to Denveron your company ticket?" he asked."Well, it's up to you," said Joe. "Myticket calls for eighteen fares and wehave our own sleeper. If you cansmuggle yourself into a berth so youwon't be counted by the conductor, allright; I'll furnish the berth, but if hefinds you, you've got to pay."That satisfactorily arranged, Percygayly brought his suitcase to the caron the 'night of departure, boarded itand succeeded in getting past the ar-gus-eyedconductor safely. When heset foot In Denver he sighed a sigh ofjoy at having saved so much money."Not only am I ahead of the game tothe amount of the fare to Denver," hesaid to himself, "but I saved the sleeper fare, which is several bucks to thegood."Then he went out and purchased aticket to Salt Lake. This cost him ?18and he groaned In spirit but paid.When he arrived in Salt Lake andtransacted his business he went to thestation to buy his return ticket to St.Joe."One ticket to St. Joe," said he.The clerk made it out, stamped itand threw it before him."Thirty dollars, please.""What!" gasped vPercy. "Wiiy, theround trip fare is only $30.50.""Sure," was the response. "That'sthe summer tourist rate, just 50 centshigher than the one way."Percy paid. Then he went back tohis hotel and figured it out:One free ride St. Joe to Denver, 600miles $00.00Denver to Salt Lake 18.00Salt Lake to St. Joe 30.00Total S4S.00And Percy Is still trying to figurehow the railroad got so much moneyout of him after his long free ride.SUFFERS A PLAGUE OF MICERegion About Adelaide, South Australia, Infested Diseased Rodents Fall In Water.Adelaide, South Australia. This region is suffering from a plague ofmice. A resident of Adelaide, who recently made a tour in the Yorke's Peninsula district, records' that "miceconstitute one of the chief topics ofconversation throughout trie peninsula.One man told me that every morninghe sklmg about 300 off the water inhis underground stock tank. Anotheron opening the top of his drill a fewmornings since found some of thefeed pipes choked, and approximately400 mice in the seed box. The stacksof wheat at different places presenta deplorable appearance owing to theravages of the little rodents. Grain isrunning down the sides in all directions, and it Is practically impossibleto move a bag without disturbing adozen or more of the brown-coatedburrowers. The wliiat dumpers killhundreds with their bare hands, andtie string around the bottoms of theirpants to prevent invasion from below. It is safe to say that the wheatmerchants have suffered considerablelosses in the shape of eaten and spoiltgrain."According to a Koolunga correspondent the mice in that district havelately been showing signs of disease,and sores are breaking out on thehands and arms of the men engagedIn transporting wheat, presumablythrough contact with bags and otherthings over which the diseased rodents have been running. In severalInstances people have had their supplies of domestic water rendered unfit for consumption owing to the micedrowned in the tanks.FAT MAN BITES HIS OWN TOEWin Wager From Friend, But. Goesto Hospital With Dislocated HipSaw Baby Do the Trick.Philadelphia. It will be a goodwhile before Charlie Bacon againboasts of his ability or tries to win abet by his athletic prowess.Charlie Is in a hospital for this reason, and he has learned a lesson thatwill last a long time. He tips thescales at the 250 mark, but alwayshas been so careful of his physicalcondition that he has been able to destunts of which many a lighter manmight feel proud.He watched his friend Ben Kearnsnewest baby, put its big toe in itsmouth and boasted that he could dothe same. Ben bet him $20, all hissmall change, that he couldn't, . andBacon tried the trick. He succeeded,but there was a snap and the big fellow fainted inupain.When a doctor arrived he foundthat Bacon had dislocated his right hipand sent him to a hospital.Boy Walks 478,000 Miles.Portland, Ore. Julius Rath, pickedfrom 100 newBboys of St. Louis 14years ago to walk 500,000 miles in 18years, reached P.ortlarid. He announceshe has covered 478,000 miles. He mustreaeh St. Louis with $1,000 and a dog,without begging or borrowing or stealing during his -entire trip. Then hewill receive $30,000.wmmmmiJob PrintinWORK DONE .WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!yV r- j&tytj. , 'HfBtiii'V sWSL JPl.V -rTRE .JQB ReOffiS OF: . THEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asfitBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces. v .' ..K wIU Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.&ui.niiUWiK iII3 ImvisSKrTsBMMbaBasaae5Bsacaieir.-i-:i- " .. &THE BOURBON . NEWS, PARIS, "KENTUCKY, OCT, 17,-.911.SM- MHMMILLERSBURG ITEMS.w, ,. --.- 16M1'ti1Ifff5t,. r.JkALrJflAil, MttAUa a tu.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYf9IferodeJ finished underweariiThis Brand HasProven Its Exceptional WorthinessAnd ForFine Knit UnderwearatModerate PricesEasily Takes First Place"I I!We Give It Unusual ProminanceBecause of These QualitiesThe name "M erode" has a special& significance, being the product of one millknown as the cleanest, airiest tactory imaginable. ' iff erode nnSied underwearhas the hearty endorsement of thousands ofcritical wearers whose example we invite youto follow. Asfcto see the styles..Kaufman. Straus & 6o.iLEXINGTON, KY.JXJ. T. MINT0N,PARIS, KENTUCKY .FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDEM ALMERAmbulance Service-FumigatingBest Equipped Establishment in Centra! KentuckyBOTH PHONEf Day 36NIGHT PHONESOld 58 or 22New 03, 22 or 2Sf3Mr. D. E. Clarke is building a tobac.cofbarn on his farm near here.Mrs. Harmon Stitt, of Paris, waithe gue&t of Mrs. Mary Taylor lastweek.Mrs. D. E. Clarke has returnedafter a week's visit to relatives atLexington.Mrs. M. E. Martin left Friday fora few days visit to her niece, Mrs.Elizabeth Powling, at Carlisle.;Mrs. Mollie Slack, of Sharpsburg,arrived Friday as the guest of herbrother Mr. J. J. Peed andfamily.2 Mrs. M. E. IMartiu received a fewdays ago a crate of fine canteloupesfrom her nephew, Mr. Tice Hutseli, inColorado.Mrs. John Ryan and Mr. and Mrs.Barton Rodgers, of Cincinnati, areguests of Mrs. Josh Barton, mother ofMrs. Ryan.Mrs. Ashby Leer and little daughter,Jcsephione, Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson and sister Miss Ethel, Messrs W.S. Judy and F. M. Vimont Were inLexington Friday.Mrs. Alonzo Case and children arrived Thursday from Weston, Mo., andarerguests of Mrs. Clemon Insko. Thefamily is returning to Kentucky tomake their future home.Miss Lucy Robertson visited friendsin Carlisle Friday and Saturday. Mr.J. E. Caldwell, of Helena, was theguest of his sister, Mrs. J. C. Leerfrom Friday until Monday.Mr. Clarence Reese land sisters,Misses budie May and Jennie Reesenor neiena.were guests or their cousin,Miss Nancy Jones from Saturday untilMonday. They made the trip in theirauto.The iollow'ing ladies of the M. F. C.were at their homes from Friday untilMonday: Mrs. Deering, housekeeper,Flemingsburgi Miss Mona Sanders,Poplar Plains; Miss Dixon, Springdale. Mrs. J. D. Shy retruned to her homeat Paris Friday after spending severaldays with her son and daughter, Mr.and Mrs. &H. D. Shy. She was accompanied home by Mrs. Shy who returned Sunday.Mr, and Mrs. William Burroughsgave a dining Friday. The followingguests were present: Mr. and Mrs.M. P. Wells, Mrs. T. T. Bentley, andlittle son, Harry, Mrs. E. B. Taylorand little daughter, Katherine.Mr. J. M. Thorn and faimly leftThursday for Abbey ville, S. C, wherethey will spend the winter. Mr. Lawrence Thorn and family will occupytheir home during their absence, moving from the property of Mrs. Elizaoeth Stirman on Main street.The following are among the numberin attendance upon Grand Lodge of F.& A. M., at Louisville, which opens atten o'clock this morning : Messrs. F.F. Hurst, W. V. Shaw, Aaion McConnell, V. L. Barton, O. R. Rankin andJ. R. Long. Mr. Barton is accompanied by his wife.Willoma, the six year old daughterot Mr. and Mrs. Julian McClintock,died Friday afternoon of stomaTchetrouble. The infant has not been wellsince birth and its death was not unexpected. Interment Saturday afternoon in the Milleraburg cemetery,after a short service at the home. Mr.and Mrs. McClintock have the sympathy of the entire comunity in thistheir sad loss.Mr. Henry Meshindorf, who died athis home in Louisville some days agowas well known here. His wife wasMiss Mary Will Frederick, one of thepopular young ladies-of Louisville andwas well known here having manyrelatives in Millersburtr. In her pnrli-I er years she was a frequent visitor toMillersburg. The death of Mr. Meshindorf came in the nature of a surpriseto the many relatives here.---if -.-',Announce for. This Week's SnowingENTIRELY NEW STYLESFor Wown and MissesmrMkVfc-tvMvvxfc E S-fXfc 'PvtgySf -;'Smbry dc Co,9THE LEADING SPECIALTY HOUSEInTailored' Walking Suitsressy Afternoon SuitsTailored Coats for StreetReversible Coats for MotoringReversible Coats for MotoringVelvet Coats for EveningTailored Serge Street DressesCrepe Meteor Afternoon DressesHandsome Chiffon Evening DressesTHE MILLINERY PARLORSAre replete with new and acceptable model in both tailored and dressyhats. Some entirely different ideas will be presented this week.EMBRY & C0.MAIN STREET-LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.0XOOft-,1tzThe JOYS of HE imumFOR THOSEsEcmm.pie2s&7 -JrTCfrwaCoBirleht 1910. by tho Standard Adv. Co.INO one thing costs so little as a Bank Account. Thevery possess. n of a bank account assures contentment.It provides for emergency. It prepares you for opportunity. It creates dignity and insures against want. Canyou afford to be without a bank account?We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDeposit Bank 01 Pan's.Capita! $100,000oSurplus $30,000JFew Hens in England.Sofl&nd has one hei to the acrejftt territory.Quality That Profiteth No Man.,Conceit may puff a man up, but nerr prop him up. Ruskin.The approaching Carpenter-Shroutnuptials is the one social event nowlooked forward to. Miss Julia Carppr.ter, bride-elect, will . entertain thebridal party with a six o'clock dinnerat the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. H. Carpenter, this evening.After the ceremony which will takeplace promptly at four o'clock Wednesday afternoon, the bridal party willrepair at once to the home of Mrs. W.F. Carpenter where a short informalreception will be held.The electric light problem ha3 tlast been solved and the contract hasbeen let .for the engine and dynan oand all other necessary machinery totie Fairbanks. Morse & Co., of Cmcii Snati. A twenty horse power engniehas been purchased and a dynamo thatwill control 265 lights. There will beat out 65 street lights which will allowmore than 200 lights for otherDurpescs. The contract gives thebuilders 70 days to do the work butivJr. Smith, who has been here forsaveral days in the interest of the company, thinks that the work will becompleted within six weeks. Woikwill begin at once and pushed rapidlyto its completion,The M.. M. I. football team defeatedthe Cynthiana High School team Saturday 10 to 0. The soldiers outclassedtheir rivals in all points of the gameard only once was thier goal seriouslvin danger, when Van Deering securedthe ball and gained nearly 12 yards onan end run before he was downed.Millersburg's first touchdown wasmade in the first minute of play byWigglesworlh who also made the sec-end one on an eighty yard run. Forthe first game every man on the Millersburg team played exceptionally fineball and showed the rpsnlt nf PnnnhHenderson's careful training. Millercburg's splendid pair of backs, Riceand Wigglesworth, were all time inthe thickest part of the game. O'Nealand Dan Deren were the stars forCynthiana. The Millersburg team has"lecured the following games: October23, Cynthiana at Cynthiana; November 25, Frankfort a Millersburg;November 30, Frankfort at Frankfort.They are expecting gamee with Winchester, Paris and State Normal.Mrs. C. M. Best entertained Thursday afternoon from 2 to 4 with an autumn luncheon in honor of Miss JuilaM. Carpenter, the bride-elect. Mrs.Scst, Miss Carpenter and her mother,Mrs. James Carpenter, deceived theguest". The autumnal colors, red andgreen prevailed. Each gueat was given a nutshell containing a conundrum,which was removed and some favoritenut receipt substituted. The reading, of the conundrums afforded much mer'.ritnent as they pertained to subjects ofI special interest to the bridp. A dainty; luncheon, in which several deliciousnut receipts were used, was seived.After the luncheon Mrs. E. M. Thoma-I 91 j-u-. u-:,-i. fUA lolmfsun preseii-tu iu wjc unuc uic uaorweof receipts and Miss Carpenter responded in a very graceful speech. Theguests left much pleased with thecharming hospitality of the hostessand he roricrinal and clever modes ofentertaining.Ikosier wheat drills are the best.F or sale bvPEALE COLLIER & CO.See JMiss Clark's fall and f wintermillinery at popular prices before.lcoking elsewhere.Mrs. Clark Leer returned Saturdayafter a two months' sojourn in Alberta Province, Canada.Miss Mayme D. Long, of Jthe M. F.C, faculty, entertainpd the membersof the facutly Saturday.Miss Cooper.of Midway, is the guestof her brother, Cadet ' Cooper, at M.M." I., Sunday and Monday.Miss Anna Tune, of Carlisle, wasthe guest of Miss Anna Belle Lynchfrom Saturday to Monday.Mis. Anna Prather retruned to herhome in Cynthiana Saturday "afterpsending a week with relatievs here.Mr. J. J. Peed and sister, Mrs. Mollie Slack, the latter of Sharpsburg.was in Frankfort on business Saturday. Burglars entered the meat store ofWells & Taekett Sunday morning sometime before nocn making the entrancethrough a rear window. About $1.50in change was taekn. The home of S.H Endicott was burglarized Sundaynight, the burglars entering through akitchen window. Nothing was taken.;UP'fo Date Billiard Hall.. Follow the crowds to Mann's Billiard Hall. 15 tfNot From Paris.Ther peort that John Rice, formerlyof Paris, wa's' drowned in the floodwhich swept tffie Southwestern part off.clo.-ado and Nortwhestern New Mexico, was erroneous and a message received by Mr. Juseph Fitrhtmasterfrom Mr. Rice stated the victim of theflood was another man by tho samename. Mr. Rice is manager of a largeestate in Texas and is in the empluyof a rich Eatserner.IT in TiM..i.Ti. , . t t -... -- KHaving purchased the up-townstore of Baldwin Bros., known asthe ."Oid Edwards Stand' l' offerfor this week: -- Fancy Potatoes, per bushel, only $1.00Best Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs. only.. 1.00Purity Flour, 24 pounds only . - .70Red Cross Flour, 24 pounds only.......!! .70Fairy Flour, 24 pounds only. 65 -Lenox Soap, 8 bars only 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes only 10Pork Sausage, per lb. only. ;.. 15Don't fail to get some of theabove bargains.home-killEd meatsFresh Meat and Chickensfl Uf ftnTTINfrUXTIimmmmmmmmmmMMMxBKr . rwM"IMMMIValuable Lots to be Sold.LOST.i.wo level lots 55x200 concrete navp. 1mei.t in front on car line and the only - "vacant lDtss.on the market on Main j On streets of Paris Thursday 'afterstreet will be sold on October 24 at 2 t noon Mnsonic pin; square and compa&F..o'clock. They belong to the Ranaontf e hmhtst bidder on above date.Possibly on Second or Main to 'fcixtMhcir?. As agents we will sell them toJ street Finder return to unlersUnrdand receive reward.Ms . HARRIS & SPEAKES.JL3 St DR. A. H. KELLER.-T 1 v m miIE., wim-.w gr5-L. -ffj- --,-..W-y-tt w- fr-feaf ". .'S-i-i -, - fri'iiiMttWiNfr-lfeIfk- W. i . ...i! 'lTrtE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 1 17 1911s- !?ttffc BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Accepts Traveling -Position.Mr. Harry Collins, who for severalyears has been in ihe employ of thefirm of H. M. Collins & Co., has accepted traveling position with B. F.Moore & Co., of Newpoit. Va. Histerritory is in Kentucky and a portionof West Virginia.Attend Sale Today.The splendid two story residence ofMrt. W. A. Johnson on Stoner avenuewill be sold thi3 afternoon at twoo'clockBourbon County Medical SocietyThere will be a called meeting ofthe Bourbon7 County Medical Societyin thercounty court Jroom at eight r.m. Tuesday, October 17. Election otofficers and to take action upon theHospital, j Important that every .member be prpsent.FRANK L. LAPSLEY, Prea.FRANK M. FARIES, Sec.Oysters, Oysters.We have a fresh supply SealedPacked.C. P. COOK & CO.Real Estate Sales.Mr. R. K. MpCarney has purchasedfrom Ihe officials of the L. & N. railroad company their undivided one-halfinterest in a frame cottage on Vinestreet, near Duncan avenue. Price$625. Mr. McCarney already ownedhalf of this property.Attorney Clifton Arnpsarger hassold a building lot on Clifton street inthe old fair grounds addition to Mr. J.D. McCabe. Price $450.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Fell From TrainiWhen returning from Paris to hisInme Friday I Thomas Bowles, wellknown in this city, fell from the trainat Lair Station and was badly injured.His face was horribly lascerated andone eye was injuied to such an extenthat its removal was necessary. He isat the Cynthiana hospital.Desirable City Residence forSale.The splendid two story residence ofMrs. W. A. Johnson on Stonnr avenuewill be sold this afternoon at 2 o'clock.Normal Defeats High School.In the first game of football on thelocal grounds, the Eastern KentuckyNoraml team defaeted the Paris HighSfhool team Friday afternoon by ascore of 21 to 5. The local team putup. a scrappy game, but overweighttold against them. They showed theirclass over their opponents in team ;work and gives promise of developinginto one of the fastest teams in Certral Kentucky.A Desirable Farm to be Sold.Anyone desiring to purchase a goodfarm and a nice country home, only ashort distane from the city, should attend the 'sale ot the T. S. Shannonfarm, 2 1-2 miles from P.aris on theRuddells Mills pike. It '"s to be sold atpbulic outcry by Harris : Speakes onOctober 19, 1911. t 10 o'clock.Feld's Good Shoes.At David Feld's you get the bestvariety of shoes. 6 tfShsnccs Farm at Auction.The T. S. Shanrtn farm of HOacres, Ic be colJ by Harris & Speakerto the highest Didder Ln October 19,1911, at 10 o'clock, on the prenJser,2 1-2 miles from i'aii?, on the RuddlesMills pike.is a very desirable one, conveniently located, close to town, andthe improvements are all first-class.If you are in the maiket for a fine BlieGrass farm, don't forget the dat.Stock, crop and farming implementswill be sold at the same lime.Country Sorghum,Genuine ccuntrv srrghum mo!are.C P. COOK & CO.A Grand Succags.The fi st observance, of Mother'sDay Friday at the Paiis City Schoolwas a grand success. Nealrv (Jireehundred mothers atended the exerciseswhich were held in the High SchoolAuditorium. Superintendent GeorgeW. Chapman made a short address inwhich be ured the mothers to aid inthe education of their children byearnestly coopreating in enlisting andholding the children's attention andseeing that they were regular attendants at school.A New Restaurant:The Paris Quick Lunh and Restau" rant is the name of the new eatingparlor that has just opened at 334Main street. It is for ladies and gentlemen and is open day and night.Everything that is in season and onthe market will be served on short notice. Prices mest ressonaM0.H. PAPPAS &CO.Will Probated.' v mThe wi'l of Mrs. Mareraret Wornall.3RJf this city, was recently probated inthe county court After the paymenttof all h-r ju'-t debts and maHig a fewrsraall beiuests the testatrix bequeathedthp retinue of her estate to her sister,Mrs Frankie Collins,' of ColoradoSprings, Col , and riere, Mrs AliceSenders, cf Cincinnati, and Grand-nie-.Miss Clara Sua Sanders, of thesame city, equally divided. Messrs W.O nd Alh-t Hi n were named asexecutory 'oithout bond.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Thomas Cain, of FranKfort,ii wsking icidnves in this city., Mr. T. T. Templin is confined tohis home with arr attack of asthma.Robert, the little son of Mr. andMrs. George hose, is ill with dptheria. Mr. Calvin Early, of Maysville,has been a visitor in the city for several days.Mrs. Monroe Mansfield entertained with a Five Hundred party Fridayevening.Mr. and Mrs. John C. Bejford, ofShawban, visited relatives in this cityyesterday.Miss Fiances Hancock left Fridayfor a ten dajs' visit to friends inCleveland, Tenn.Mr. Edward Fithian, a student atM. M. I., spent Sunday with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. N.JFithian.Mr3. Rachel Barlow, of Richmond,is visiting her daughters, Mrs. F. P.Kiser and Mrs. L. I. Smith in thiscity.Mr. Carter M. Coon, of Harrodsburg, who has been a visitor in thecity for several days, returned homeyesterday.Mr. Leander Smith has rented thecottage of Mrs. F. L. Lapsley onHouston avenue and has moved therewith his family.Mrs. G. W. 'Taylor and childrenreturned Saturday from Dayton, 0.,where she spent five weeks the guestof Mrs. Liummie Bell.Mr. Douglas Clay, who is a student at 'Ihrekleld Institute, Nicholasville, visited his'parents, Mr. and Mrs.Frank Clay from Friday to Monday.Messrs. C. A. McMillan, Jos.Ewalt, J. G. Williams, M. H. H.Davis and C. N. Fithian left yesterdayfor Louisville where they will attendthe meeting of the Masonic uGrandLedge.Mr. Allen S. Edelen, of Harrodsburg, sold last week to Mr. Geo. R.Hawley, of Grady, Ark., MontgomeryGay, Jr., a fine Montgomery Chiefcolt. The price paid was $400. Theyoungster has been shipped to his newhome. xMr. and Mis. Virgil D. Chandler,who havp been been visiting the latter's father, Mr. W. H. H. Johnsoii,left Sunday for Louisvile, wheie Mr.Chandler has a position. Mr. Chandlerwill leave Louisville in a few days iforDetroit for a short tsay.Miss Nellie Fithian has fully reoveted from her recent operation f6rappendicitis and left yesterday forDanville, where she will enter uponher duties as teacher in Caldwell College. Miss Nelile Whaley, who hasbeen filling her position in that institution will return home in a few days.Miss Maragret Merringer, whowas injured in a runaway accident,several weeks ago, and has since beenconfined to the St. Joseph Hospital,Lexington, as a result of her injuries,was brought home Sunday". Her manyfriends will be glad to learn that sheis getting along nicely and is able tobe up and around the house.A dispatch from New York toSunday '8 .Cincinnati Enquirer says:"George Alexander, the tall, handsome, chivalrous gentleman fromParis, Ky., in the old commonwealth,is at the Waloorf-Astroia. He cameon to New York vith Mrs. Alexanderto see her mother, Mrs. MargaretBuford, who has been visiting at thehome of Mrs Oscar Taylor at 270Riverside drive, and fwho has beenquite ill. The officers of the new,great steamer Utah, gave Mr. Alexander on Thrusday night, aboard thatvessel, a dinner which promises to beone of the happiest events in theentire life of that gentleman, who hasbeen used to seeing all the dig thingsthat are to beseen in social life."McCIure & Clendenin writefire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.Buys UpTown Grocery,Mr. A. W. Cottingham has purchased of the Baldwin Grocery Companythe business and stock o the companym the grocery iocated in the Thomasbuilding on South Main street and ;thenew purchaser took Dossession yesterday morning. Mr. Cottingham is .wellknown as a business man and his venluiein this business will no doubtmeet with marked success. Mr. Gilbert Lytle, who for about two yearshas been connected with the store willi;amin in the employ of the new proprietor. Fine Investment Opportunity.The splendid two story residence ofMrs. W. A. Johnson on Stoner avenuewill be sold this afternoon at 2 o'clock.New Singer at the Comet.On Saturday last Manager Porter, ofthe Comet Theatre, by telegraph closed a contract with Miss Florence Talbott, said to be one of the best ragtime singers on the stage for an engagement at the Comet.Miss Talbott, who has been all thisseascn with the "School Days" company closed her engagement in NewOrleans on last Saturday night andwill open at the Comet on next Monday afternoon.There is no better singer on thevaudeville stage than Miss Talbott,and although her salary is twice asmuch as any singer has ever receivedin Paris, Mr. Porter believes thetheal re-going people of Paris will appreciate (.is efior.s to give intra theb:st by a libera oannatreSTOCK, CaO? AND FARM NOTESReceipts of live stock on theChicago market for the week endingOctober were in round numbers 71700cattle, 10G.700 hogs ai.d 157,000 sheep.The week's receipts, cot pared withthe previous ueck, in rourd rubbersincreased 12,800 catile.decreased 17,400hoes and- increased 100 sheep. Cmpared with the corresponding week ayear auo ctttle increased 6,300, hogs20,700 and sheep deeraesd G0.300 JKDEATHS.Mr. Ben Paton, aged about 65years, died at a Lexintgon hopsitalFriday morning at 9 o'clock from theeffects of paralysis, tie formerlylivedNin Paris and was city clerk and amember of the Paris bar. For severalyears past Mr. Paton lived at Jackstown where he was engaged in farming.Some'years ago he suffered a sunstroke, from the effect of which henever recovered and later was strickenwith paralysis. He is survived by hiswidow, who before marriage was MissNannie Letton, and three chilrden,Mrs. Lillie Auxier, of Bourbon county,Mrs. Maud Myers, of Illinois and Mr.Eevrett Paton, cf Lexington.Mr. Paton was a brother of the lateMr. Ed Paton of this city and an uncleof County Clerk Pearce Paton. Mrp.Ossian Ewdards, of Paris, and Mrs.Fannie Davis were sisters of the deceased and one Half brother, Mr.Henry Paton, of Lexington, also survives. The remains were brought to ParisFriday night and taken to the residence of Mr. Ossian Ewdards on SouthMain street, where the funeral services were held Saturday afternoon at3 o'clock, conducted by Elder J. T.Sharrard. Burial in Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers were Messrs. W. H.Ingles, W. N. Kion, A. W. Cottingham, Wm. Remington, James McCIureand W. H. Clark.M-r. Edward Reed Stolworthy,aged 39 years, , died at his home inCincinnati Friday afternoon aftnr anillness of over two years. The deceased was a son of the late Mr. GeorgeStolworthy who died last May.Mr. Stolworthy was born and rearedin this city and it was here that hespent his early life. The remainswere brought to this city yesterdaymorning on the 10:30 train for burial.Services weie held at the grave in thePari3 cemetery by the Rev. Mr. Harris, of the Episcopal church at Lexington. He is survived bv two brothers andtwo sisters, Messrs. John and RichardStolworthy and Mrs. Ella Pace, ofCincinnati.Mrs. Mary Brooks Clay, aged 70years, died at St. Joseph's Hospital inLexington Thursday night about 10 :39o'clock from the effects of an operation which Jshe underwent at thatinstitution several days ago.Mrs. Clay was the widow of thelate Mr. C. F. Clay, and was a daughter of the late Mr. Sam Brooks. Shewas born in this county on the farmnow owned by Mayor J. T. Hinton inthe subrubs of Paris.She id survived by three chilrden,Messrs. J. Brutus Clay and BrooksClay and Mrs. Thomas Buckner, all ofthis county, also one half sister, Mrs.Benj. Woudford, and a half brother,Mr. Jos. S Brooks, of Kansas City,Mo. The body was taken to her latehome on the Wirchester pike Fridaymorning and at ,11 :30 o'clock funeralservices were held from the residenceconducted by the Rev. Dr. B. M.Shive of the Presbyterian church.The remains were interred in the Pariscemetery.The pall-bearers were; Col. E. F.Clay, Wm. T. Buckner, Buckner Woodford, Sr., Benjamin Woodford, WilliamB. Woodford, J. Frank Claw ThomasHenry Clay, Jr., and Samuel C Brooks.ITHE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.1313 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.immtFOR RENT.A house on '.Twelfth street, adjoining Reform parsonage and residenceof N. Kriener, containing three rooms,dining room and kitchen. Has backporch, veranda 'in front. Large yardand garden.- Cistern at door. Anply toGEO. W. JUDY.FOR SALE.A lot of second-hand lumber for salecheap.THE PAIR.THE FAIR9These Specials For FridayOnly.Call here fiast and examine thequality of the goods, then see foryourself what a vast difference inprice if you were to try to duplicate.A set of 6 plates for ISc.Better quality and larger, 6 for 25c.Regular dinner size, fi for 30c.One hundred dozen saucers, each lc.Alluminum Collapsible Folding Cupseach 3c.Wash basins, 11 inches across' thetop, each lcLamp Wick, No 1 or 2, either size,2 yards for 5c.We are making some interestingprices on Window Glass, Stove Pipeand Ink Tablets.AH On Safe Friday.THE FAIR.sRELIGIOUS.Dr. B. M. Shivp. cf this city, attended the session of theSynod of thePresbtyerian church lastweek and hasreturned home. He was elected amember of the Synodical Committeeof Evangelistic Labor, from thePresbytery of Ebenezer. At the mee'ing of the Synod a session of the Ebenezer Presbytery was held at whichDr. Shive-was elected Stated Clerk tosucceed Dr. Henry Scudder, deceased,of Carlisle, who filled the position formore than forty years.The Synod of Kentucky of thePresbyterian church in which thereare onev hundred and twenty-fivechurches, will meet at the SecoudPresbyterian church ia. Lexington Friday night, Octorber 27, and will continue in session until October 31.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfVictrola IV $ 1 5.00Victrola VIII 40.00Victrola IX 50 00SEE SHOW WINDOW.DAUGHERTY BROS.V6TR0LASDAVENPORTNOWmAnd WillThe Terms Will foeSCash.Our Showings Include the Following Lines:The StreiE, The Pullman, The Owen'Gaveno,The Kinder, The Shefooygasn and others.jsThis is an Opportunity of a Life-tinne.-jX03XT9ir 3VCIJSS IT!These Prices are for the time stated, and for that time only. Nothing butNew Goods. Why pay more?These Are Opening Days With Us.Our line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and best ?selected in the history of our business, and consists of the 'g lI latest and choicest of the Eastern markets.IDress Goods. 2J The new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &c.0 Velvets For Suits and Dresses.White Corduroy, the Novelty. SOur Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.J Dress Trimmings The largest in this part of the State. 52S W. EdiWE ARE READY FOR YOUIfHItlfltlt !iFee's CashFor Friday andPOTATOESEarly Fancy, NorthernStockOur Price per pk 30SOAP8 Bars for 25cOne Box of 100 BarsOnly $2.85FLOURFairy Brand, Patent Flour24llb. Sack 65cFEE'SmmING ON . .Continue ThroughoutThe Week.1W?Tucker S:i"ISpecials.Saturday OnlyMEALBest Grade Corn MealOur Price per pk 25cSUGARBest Granulated13 lbs. for $1STARCHArgo Brand3-Five Cent Boxes 10cI::ISALEThe Prices WillBeGreatlyAnd Will Surprise Yon33iRetwoh'4i2'MlitSi$"A 1jt3 JrMWVf!1il(tit'Hif:namV.u!H411:td"5 1iiiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT., 17 L911.MILD, GENTLE LAXATIVEFOR WOMEN GIVEN FREESo many of the ills of women aredue to habitual constipation, probablybecause of their false modesty on thesubject, that their attention cannot betoo strongly called to the importanceof keeping the bowels open. It isalways important to do that, regardless of the sex, but it is especiallyimportant jn women.From the time the girl begins tomenstruate untjl mentsruation ceasesshe has always vastly better prospectsof coming through healthy if shewatches her bowel movements. If youfind yourself constipated, with badbreath, pimply complexion, headaches,belching gas and other symptomsof indigestion and constipation, takesmajl 4os? of Dr, Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. It is woman's favorite laxative. You will find that you can doaway with salts, strong cathartics,etc., which are entirely unsuited towoman's requirements.Mrs. Katherine HaberstFoh of Mo.Kees Rocks, Pa., and Mrs. A. E. Herrick of Wheeler, Mich., who was almost paralyzed in her stomach andbowels, are now cured by the use ofthis remedy. A free sample bottlecan be obtained by addressing Dr.Caldwell, and after you are convincedof its merits buy it of your druggistat fifty cents and one dollar a bottle.For thc,'free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,-iWLoijuceijo, ill,nw b jjTf"jrrij.iLi winy wJF w.oj wlm? iljjj mj julj jep ilajj wlj jg WDijrifci jjjli jj nijjjM2f H"'tt jSiw9 TfkWtj WT2i WWi iwJvV,lt WM TfJtiiW,ti K SK 2 171& 5Pfr1WvnT' pSr! ,g?,yggygVy?agU'if,i Wu wra1 mi SMsa sesa rwa isisa lV4HTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Now Showing Our Complete Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hatsvand Furnishing Goods.At $15 we are showing a nobby line of newbrown $uits in the famous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.Lain Brand and Chults Shirts at $1 and $1.50.W. L. Douglas & Co. Shoes at 2.50, 3, $3.50and 4.French's fine hand-hame Shoes foe men specialat $4.Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 best in the world.We are showing a full line of Trunks, Suit Casesand Traveling Bags.Twin BroLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.ffK1L. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.No.34134297104037312332625913838539308321431No.8442974010137373313362625Trains jrrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily 5Lexington, Ky., Daily .-. 5Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , .7.Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8Cincinnati, O., DBily : 9Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.Cincinnati, O., Daily 10Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 11.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.Knoxville, rl enn.. Daily 3.Maysville, Ky., Daily 5Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5Lexington, Ky., Daily 6Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6Lexington, Ky. , Daily 10Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:OLD TIME SCHOOLS.iMethods In Days When "No Lickin, NoLarnfnV Was the 'Rule.The schoolroom practices of a halfcentury ago are incredible to a modernpupil It is -well that they have notbeen continued, but an account ofthem by an eyewitness is often amusing. One Incident from A. H. Hall's"Old Bradford Schooldays" brings upa teacher who clung to the old principle, "No lickin', no larninVHorace Walton, at recess, climbedto the top of the highest nut tree and,losing his hold, fell to the ground. Hestruck on many of the limbs In hisdescent The boys were terriblyfrightened as he struck the ground.Just as we crowded about him to see ifhe still lived, our faces as white asn&jth bell rang for the resumption 1of studies. JZTZ7 " 'The last boy in was Walton, andjusTas he fell rather than sat down Inhis seat the master shouted, "Comeout here instanter!" He gave him aflogging that made the fall from thetree seem the lesser of the two evils.A few years ago, meeting Walton forthe first time for many years, he remarked that he well remembered howthat master at last succeeded in bringing things into routine order in theschool. Each morning as the schoolassembled this order was observed:"First bell, come to order; second bell,attention; third bell, lick Walton."I International Gasoline21 am18 am.35 am38 am,55 am12 am J,50 am ;,05 am j02 am J18 am50 am.10 pm,10 pm,22 pm,25 pm,25 pm,40 pm12 pm.01 am17 pmzt pm45 pmTreuLn-S IDe-partTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5,Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday t 7,Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday ' 8.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8Lexington, Ky., Daily 9,Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9,Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10,Lexington, Ky., Daily " 10,Maysville, K., Daily 11,Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11,Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3,9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday . 5.32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 613 Lexington. Ky., Daily 6.30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6,31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10..28 am.35 am.47 am.43 am.20 arc.20 am.57 am.55 am.18 am.21 am.52 am.54 am30 pm,4o pm.48 pmou pm.22 pm.25 pm,25 pm,35 pm,53 pm.55 pm:F cfc O. rTTTVI"F;.T A TtT .Ti3IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains -A-rri";No. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Suiida 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday ! ! ! .3 40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only .10.00 pmTrans 3De;pirt'No. TO161 Frankfort. & Louisville, Sundav Only 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday .7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sundav n'sa am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.55 am iWOMEN IN WALL STREET.They Are Good Winners, but DrownTheir Losses In Tears.To many brokers women are hoodoos, and some stock exchange housesrefuse absolutely to have anything todo with the fair sex. The majority ofbrokerage firms try their best to keepwomen's speculative accounts out oftheir offices. Some houses are obligedto take women's accounts as a matterof personal friendship, but they willnot open accounts for other women, nomatter how well they may be introduced. Wall street men do not have a highopinion of the average woman's business sense. Most women have an ideathat one needs only to get a "tip"from some "insider" in Wall street tobe sure of making "barrels of money"for new gowns, hats and jewelry.The dictum of Wall street is thatwomen are good winners, but badlosers. It is difficult to reason aboutmoney and business with an angry orweeping woman. Her view of Wallstreet and all its works suddenly becomes entirely emotional, and only abroker with infinite patience can calmher. Many a time a stock exchangehouse has taken a woman customer'sloss rather than face her tears. StrandMagazine.The Queer Carabao.The carabao is said to be slower thana camel and more obstinate than amule. Every one seems agreed thatthe chief ambition in life of 'a carabao. if he has any at all, is to lie downin a puddle of water with just his noseand horns sticking out. Consequentlyconsiderable commotion rules the wagon train when It approaches a streamthat must be forded. The soldierswho are walking behind the carts asguards lay aside their rifles and beginto belabor each animaL In the middle of the stream the excitementreaches its highest pitch. The carabao will begin to stretch his neck andbend his knees and grunt infallibleindications of his intention to lie down.Everybody works like a beaver to prevent him from accomplishing this fell ,purpose, but their labors are not al- ;ways successful. They may get himover the stream, but this is unusualgood fortune. Harper's Weekly.ENGINESII -AH Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.G DT P B B H !Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years. .Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aS AMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B.B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples 3ent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Siren In Skirts.Which is the most recent siren (ofthe animal variety) in history? JacobusNoieras relates that in 1403 a siren wascaptured in the Zuider Zee. She was(says Mr. Norman Douglas In "SirenLand") brought to Haarlem and, beingnaked, allowed herself to be clothed;she learned to eat like a Dutchman;she could spin thread and take pleasure in other maidenly occupations; shewas gentle and lived ,to a great age.But she never spoke. The honest burghers had no knowledge of the language of the sea folk to enable themto teach her their own tongue, soshe remained mute to the end of herdays.Making Use of It."There is no use giving youa check,my dear. My bank account" is overdrawn." "Well, give It to me anyway, George.And, say, make It for $500. 1 want topull it out of my shopping bag withmy handkerchief at the bridge gamethis afternoon." Cleveland Plain Dealer.Not Easy."What is the hardest work you do?""My hardest work," replied SenatorSorghum, "Is trying to look, like myphotograph and talk like my speecheswhen I get back to my home town."Washington Star.BIodUr Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and perChokr manently, cures a,Cough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and Lung1 uwuu8. jLuc ucau lemeuy lor) children. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrfette Wells Allen, Gaffaty. S.C. says:I have ha4 BroacMtls for about tweaty years andMs fee first eHcte feat has done e much ood.W. T. Brooks, Ajjent.Not Always.It Is not always safe to decide thata man has passed the age of usefulness merely because his 15-year-oldson can beat him at golf.Too Much Taffy Is Bad.It is not good to eat much honey;bo for men to search out their ownglory Is grievous.-Proverbs of Solomon, xxv : 27.An Easy Task."Pa, what is a philosopher?""A philosopher, my boy, is one whotells other people that their troublesJlon't amount to much." Detroit FreePress.A Finishing Touch."When Esau gave up his birthrightfor mere pottage""Yes. I know he made a mess of it"Exchange. , -Joy comes, grief goes, we know nothow. Lowell. ,PUBLIC SALEOFSTOCK, IMPLEMENTS ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS.Having rented my farm and concluded to quit farming, I will sell on thepremises, 5 miles from Paris onRcdmon pike, beginning at the hour often o'clock a. m, onWednesday, October 1 8,1 91 1all my stock, crop and farming utensils, household and kitchen furniture,etc:1 pair Percheron mares,5 and 6 yearsold, goodjworkers, in foal.1 pair extra mare mules, 4 and 5,years old.1 pair mare mulas.1 sorrel horse.1 Gambetta Wilkes mare, pedigreefurnished at sale, in foal to BaronRhythmic1 yearling black filly, out of Gambetta Wilkes mare by Locanda.Also suckling colt at dide of Gambetta Wi"kes mare by Locanda.1 six year old good road horse.1 five year old gelding, good familyhorse.3 No. 1 Jersey milk cows.1 yearling Jersey heifer to calvesoon.1 good steer calf.35 good breeding ewesj2 No. 1 Southdown bucks.56 fat hogs.7 brood sows with pigs and to pig ;13 good stock shcats ;2 two-horse wagons.2 binders,, good is new.2 new Avery riding cultivators.1 No. 1 Deering mower.1 Randall harrow.2 breaking plows. ,1 good two-horse slide.1 brand new scalding trough.1 good cider mill.1 No. 1 drag.1 No.l Black Hawk corn planter.2 No. 1 sets wagon harness.25 acres of corn and lot of timothyand clover hay in barn.All kinds of farming implements andcarpenter's tools, etc., too numerousto mention.1 parlor set.3 bedroom sets.Rues, carpets, chairs, etc.15 Bronze turkeys.150 chickens, all kinds.TERMS Made known on day ofsnleH. O. JAMES, Agent.Geo. D. Spsakes, Auctioneer.Also at the same time and place, Iwill rpnf 9A acres of crass land untilMarch lor -15. 1912. iFree ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies' Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call atTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymmPUBLIC SALE.OF A.Desirable City Residence.ON TUESDAY, OCT. 17, 1BU.at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, I will sell to the highest bidder, my residence situated on Stoner avenue, in Paris, Ky.The residence is a two-story frame building of seven rooms, hall twoporches, large pantry, bath and good dry cellar. It is wired for electricity andgas, has water in hou&e and a splendid cistern at door.Lot is 76 feet front, 73 feet, more or les3, in rear, by 183 feet to an alley.It has concrete walks, shade trees, good stable and large gardenThis is a very desirable and convenient home, on a nice residence streetclose to the business part of town, 4being only l2 blocks from the courthouse. "TERMS - One-third cash, balance in two equal payments, in one and twoyears, with interest.MRS. W. A. JOHNSON.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky;, who willtake pleasure in showing the property.CITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Bandsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Eheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema lies, Dandruff ana 2Talling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Stamps MooreCity CollectorJlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed. xangl6tf East Tenn. Pho e fe:9i3-?SJ4, "' "Nfr- Tr4wTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY OCT. 17, 1911.SBfritfCorner Main and Fifth Street, Citizens Bank Building,ii-JHHBk j. A H .AiiJL jlJlVJLJim. M. iWith a clean stock of clever picked and bought merchndise, ina new store, opened its doors Saturday, with a full Pall line ofVfashionable garments, and will sell on -Wednesday, Thursday arid Friday October18, 19 and 20th, 191 19 the foiSowing:wSuits in all colors, lined withskinners, guaranteed satin inall latest styles worth $20.00.$12.50Coats in new mannish cloth oflatest styles in black broadclothand reversible collars, worth $201 2.50Skirts in all colors, black, blue andmannish cloth, worth $9S5.00g T !!J"' i- i i ciixri1 i "C3 "EjpCir'1Sale Opens at 8 a. m. Come Early and Avoid the Rush.A Wf TlfllVfll Cor. Main & 5thAl JUft ilUfllllfCitizens Bank BuildingFARISp KY.Fains All Over!''You are welcome," says Mrs. Nora Guffey, of BrokenArrow, Okla., "to use my letter in any way you want to,if it will induce some suffering woman to try Cardui. I hadpains all over, and suffered with an abscess. Three physicians failed to relieve me. Since taking Cardui, I am inbetter health than ever before, and that means much to me,because I suffered many years with womanly troubles, ofdifferent kinds. What other treatments I tried, helped mefor a few days only."TAKE TkARDU I Woman's TonicDon't wait, until you are taken down sick, before taking care of yourself. The small aches and pains, and othersymptoms of womanly weakness and disease, always meanworse to follow, unless given quick treatment.You would always keep Cardui handy, if you knewwhat quick and permanent relief it gives, where weaknessand disease of the womanly system makes life seem hardto bear. Cardui has helped over a million women. Try it.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept, Chattanooga, Medicine Co., Lhattanooga, I enn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-paEe book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 51Senatorship Most Important.Excursion!NOTICE.Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, 0.,And ReturnVIASunday, Oct. 22,Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.7returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onsppcial train in both directions.Forfurther information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.V -To whom it may concern: I will onor after October 3, 1911, make an application to the State Board of PrisonCommissioners of Krankforc, Ky., fora parole for Wat. Stafford, now confined in the penitentiary at Frankfort,Ky., having been convicted in theBourbon Circuit Court for wilfully andmaliciously cutting another personwithout killing said person.3t wy WAT. STAFFORD.The Democratic voters must notlose sight of the United States Senatorship. A vote under the rooster carries with it a vote for members of theLegislature, which in January will confirm the action of the "Democratic Primary, and send Ollie James to the Senate. So close is that body betweenthe two parties that Mr. James' votemay decide all the great questions thatwill arise during the six years of histerm.The Republicans are anxious to makethe voters believe that there are nonational matters involved in this contest, but Democrats realize that a Republican Legislature would send toWashington the same type of man thatSenator Bradley is a protectionist anda reactionary, a friend of the trusts,and the defender of every corporatemonopoly that enriches itself at theexpense of the people.The House is Democratic, but notariff bill can pass the Senate unlesstrie Democrats get control, or secureenough insurgent ' Republicans to outvote Taft's followers in the upperbedy. It is absolutely necessary thatwe should have there a brave.eloquentchampion like Ollie James, who,through all the fierce conflict in Washington has stood for thejpeople's rightsand who will continue to stand forthem.Bradley, Langley,Powers and O'Rearhave now ord to say about the senatorial fight because they hope to sobefog the minds of the voters thatthey will send a Republican Legislature to Frankfort which will elect aSenator of their typeFrom the reception given Ollie'James in all quarters of the State, itis plain that the people are aroused tothe dangers that threaten them if theRepbulicans carry the State. Mr.James' vigorous assaults upon the Republicans have met with the greatestfavor.Midnight in the Ozarksand yet sleepless Hiram Scranton, ofClay City, 111., coughed and coughed.He was in the mountains on the advice of five doctors, who said he liadconsumption, but found no help inthe climate and started home. Hearing of Dr. King's New Discovery, hebegan to use it. ' I believe it savedmv life,'' he writes, "for it made anew man of me so that I can now dogood work again." For all lung disease, coughs, colds, lagrippe, asthma,cioup, whooping cough, hay fever,hemorrhages, hoarseness or quinsyits the best known remedy. Price 50cand $1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.The Only Way.Hewitt "I want him to stand backof what he says." Jewett "Then you'dbetter get him to say it by telephone."Kicked by a Mad Horse.Samuel Birch, of Beetown, Wis.,had a narrow escape Jrom losing hisleg, as no doctor could head thefrightful sore that develoDed, but atlast Bucklen's Arnica Saive cured itcompletely. It's the greatest healerof ulcers, burn9, boils, eczema, scaldscuts, corns, eold sores, biuises andpiles on eaiLh. Try it. 25c at Ober-dorfer's.RHEUMATISMCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Rich Vcocis Put to Base Uea.Rosewood and mahogany are soplentiful in Mexico that some of thecopper mines there are timbered withrosewood, while mahogany is used asfuel for the engines.BLOODPOISONA'ching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpureBotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeever sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, last'ng cure of Rheumatismin all its forriTs.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with diicctions for home cure.S nnrij.0 s:nt free by writing Blood.. n o . Atlanta, Ga. DescribeYT.il trcub'e and free medical advicegi.vn. -cl:l by Varden & Son.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, tooIf you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effort9this season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson BaircLTo My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine and, Newspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,, Mrs , Rosa V. Wallingtord.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandlBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at Fordbam'Hotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERCured by the Marvel ofCentury, B. B. B. Tested30 years.theforDrives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove ic we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever;nine cases out of ten are caused bycatarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed conditionof the mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused byiatarrh) that cannol be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free. F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.rr-rnluargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.NOTICE.To Whom it May Concern:Notice is hereby given that the undersigned convicted in the BourbonCircuit Court of detaining a womanagainst her will and now confined inthe penitentiary at Frankfort, will onor after October 15 apply to the StateBoard of Erieon Commissioners for apai ole.DAVE JANUARY.&Margolen,L Paris, Ky.biom!SL.nVsi'131JId11.nM.-i-2..THE BOUF BON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 17, 1911.iInvestment Knowledge .and Experienceare absolute essentials in selecting investment securities eitherBonds. Stocks, Commercial orMortgage paner.Chr experience and investmentservice cover a period of twentyfive years of accivitj' as brokers,dealers and bankers.Knowledge prevents mistakes.We havs built up an extensivestatistical department; of inestimable value to investors. You a einvited to make ree use of Luisdepartment, and any inquiries sentus will be cheerfully answered.All business is considered oontidential. Chicago, Milwaukee & fct.Paui preferred stock has paiddividends for 44 years, Pennsylvania Raili oad stock for 55years. Cincinnati Gas andElectric stock for 65 years,Chicago & Northwestern Railroad stock for 33 years, American Oottcn Oil preferred stockf -r 19 y a -s, Virginia-CarolinaChemical Co. preferred stockfor 37 years. This means sta-bility of income, and pricesare now comparatively low.Our weekly stock and bond records will helg to keep you informed. State which you are interestedin and let us send it to you freeof charge.W. E. Hutton & Co.F.irst Nat. Bank Bldg., Cincinnati,Wall & Broad Streets, New York.MembersNew York Stock ExchangeNew York Cotton Exchangef ' Chicago Board of TradeCincinnati Stock ExchangeWe also execute orders in Cotton,Grain and Provisions.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.W. W. Massie, are requested to calland settle at once.rThcse having claims against the"stde will please present same properly proven according to law for payment to the undersigned.JAMES McCLURE, Administrator10 ln of Mrs. W. W. Massie.IJewSiivlef Sjeauiuo Cojnfortf !PricefAre All CombinedIf you are contemplating the purchase of Fall Shoes, you should come and seeour great assortment of new Fall styles. Every new style feature is shown in thisspfendid collection. Every style we show is the product of manufacturers of reputation who are in a position to produce footwear made of high-class materiala superior manner Better S'hoes IPor L2SS MSoncySome RightLadies' smart sixteenbutton Trooper Boots infine Patent Colt and GunMetal with or withoutoufifs. The favorite stylefcr this Fall, wcr';h$6.40Special atS2H49BMurR&aWe are now ready with a magnificent line of the worldfamous Walk-Over make. The best money can buy." DAN COHEN336 Main Streetu.-Hn 0Fp AG,,N QN AG,,N, Zfr7 jgr; jMWMHM. Ah' w ImiJWZ'Crop Condition.Cutting and housing tobacco throughout the county has progressed slowlyduring the past week and farmers haveI been apprehensive of damage by frost,j The reassuring warning sent out by H.j F. Hillenmeyer, the noted horticulturist of Lexington, to tne effect thatfrost would not occur with the groundsaturated with water caused manyfarmers to slack up in the rush to cuttheir tobacco and crops which lacked afew more days in which to ripen willnow go to the barns yellow in colorand shorn of the brittleness thatcharacterized the leaves and stem Jwhite greer. W. H. Whaley, tne tfihe largest tobpepo growers in' the jFallFootin Our Showing ofFor Men, Women andGood Valaes Especially PricedFor This Week:iJk-' ".., cSgpaLadies' JuliettesWith Rubber Heels, samein plain toe, just like theillustration. The mostcomfortable house shoeimaginable. Special99cAt The Big Electric Sign.-Thorndike in Baltimore American.j county, has his crop safelyhoused,of theRye is being seeded in mosttobacco fields of the county.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut' or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfFiles Petition in Bankruptcy.Mr. Charles W.5 Harbett, who conducts a general store at Jackstown, inthis county, has filed a voluntaspetition in bankruptcy. It is said thata backward season and slow collectionswere repsonsibie tor the failure. HiBliabilities &re alleged to be in theneighborhood of $4,000.wear.Smart Fall Shoesren.inmSCHOOL FOOTWEARFor Boys and Girls.We are headquarters forthe best School Shoe -inthis city. " We have nowa complete line that we.retail at a great savingto you.Paris, Kentucky.TuSaxxriEicaJL. 5 N. Planning Extensive Ussv of its Lines.That the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad is planning to make extensiveuse of its lines operating in Southwestern part of the State, which penetrating hitherto unopened territory, will yield unlimited results, byconstructing an extension from thiscity to intersect the recently acquiredLexington & Eastern, is evidenced bythe movements of a corps of civil enginers now engaged in surveying a routefor this most logical purpose and atthis time operating only a few milesfrom this city.While such conclusions are drawnfrcm the recent movements of thecompany nothing official has beengiven out that would tend to confirmany rumors that may be afloat in regard to supposed purpese, but logicalreasons coupled with the indications atthe present time leaves the impressionthat the company is planning an extension, which will extend through theSoutheastern part of Bourbon countyopening up a territory where railroaofacilities have been long sought, andit will be of untold benefit to Paris.The question of establishing a lineto North Middletown, this county, haslong been agitated, but nothing hasever come of all the movements ihathave been launched with this as anobject. However, if the present supposition develops into a reality, NorthMiddletown will bu ton the line. Thepurpose of the new road, it is said, isto penetrate the coal fields in Morgancounty that are undeveloped and also toprovide an easy outlet for the immensetraffic that will come from the L. & E.extension the construction of which isnow under way.rihree corps of surveyors are in thefield, mapping out the hew line, onestation at the half way hcuse, fivemiles from Paris, another operatingnear North Middktown and the thirdis working over the line in Clark county. The survey, which start? d from thiscity, began at whi.t is known as thesecond car bridge, just "North of townon the fai.m of Mr. B. B. fviarsh, running through this land and parallelingStoner creek on the North side to acorner of the base ball park then tothe Maysville pike crossing in EastParis, passing tnrough the propertyof Mr. James Whaley and from therethrough the properties of Mr. Chas.Barnett, Mrs. Sallie McMillan, Mrs.Sue Moran, Mr. J. T. Hinton, Mr. (i.W'. Wyatt, through the Trundle farmand the place of Mr. Walter Kenney.Frcm the present survey it will Leseen that the proposed line followsclosely along Stoner creek and at thebend neart he farm of Walter Kenneyit will likely cress t .e s ream and pothrough the lards cf J. M. Dotsge . n iW. L. Yerkes leaving the pike tt Jhispoint and again f jIIow Stoner Creekuntil a point near North Middletownin the vicinity of the farm of E. K.Thomas. The roadbed will follow ihelevel valley along Sfeuner creek, whichwill dispense with a necessarialy largeamount of grading. -Leaving North Middletown the proposed road will run in a Southeasterlyairection and will c;o s the C. & O.railroad at Hedgts Station in Clatkcount and will continue in the samej directiun until Indian iuelds, a smallstation on the L. & Jbi., is reached.At this point, it is said the new roadwill run parallel to the L. & E. intoMontgomery and Menifee counties andterminating at West Liberty, the county seat of Morgan county.While the survey extending intoMorgan county from Indian Fieldswill in all probability be a further extension of the proposed line, it is staced the original intention wes ta tapthe L. & E. at ttis point to afford aneasy outlet 10- traffic ccming off ofthat road from t-ie new exterisior,which extends into Letcher county.Sirce acquiring the L. & E. the L.& N. has greatly improved the rccd,rebuilding the old roadbed and extent. -ingthe line which terminated at Jackson, through Brpathitt ar.d Perrycounties and into Letcher, where itwill find a terminus at WhitesburgThe extension of the L. & E. wi 1have the effect of opening up a sectionof mountain country, rich with coaland without railroao facilities.The people of North Middle .own "a:every enthuisastic over the movementand no doubt-the right of way throughthis county can be secured without theleast trouble. It is likely the ci.izensof this neighborhood will hold a meeting in the near future to discuss tneproposed right of way wanted by theroad, and come to some understandi gregarding, the value of their lands tndthe concessions jJesired by the company.Not only would the road grately enhance the value of the Jands lyingalong the right of way but would boomthe- thriving little village cf NorthMiddletown, and the extent of thesbenefits Paris would , dei ive from theproject could not be estimated.Freight and passenger service wouldbe handled by running the trains tothe starting point on the Marsh farmand backing into the freight ar.dpassenger depots. The reason a directline would not be run into this citywould be on account of heavy gradesto be encountered and necessay curveshat would necessitate an immenseexpenditue of money.The citizens of Paris should look farenough ahead and readily seeing thebenefits this city would derive shouldshow a disposition to encourage themovement. It will mean much to thiscity, not only in the increase in tiaffic,but it will bring hundreds of peoplehere Fn the course of a few yeais. limeanR that Paris will be made the L.& E. terminus, and. a distributingpoint for all points on the division,and in the course or timemay resultin the removal of the shops now located in Covington to Paris.The City Council should take propersteps. to encourage the L. & N. andoffer every inducement by grantingwhatever concessions the road maybsK .Interest in this important mattershould not be allowed to wane and alittle push and energy on the part ofthe citizens would further the causathat will be of untold benefit 'o Parisand Bourbon county.Several surveys tf the proposedloute will be made and the mostfeasible accepted provided the nht ofway can he securtd. At any rate it isan assured fact that North Middletown, which has been after ta rahroadof some description for almost half acentury will be on or near the Tne,and the people of this nieghbor! oodare much elated over the prospsct?.The road, extending through Clarkand Bourbon counties can be constructed at a very small expense comparatively speaking, as very little gradingwill be necessary and no bridges ofany importacne will be required.The contsruction of a line from thiscity would mean that all traffic comingfrom the L. & E., east ot IndianFields, would pass through Paris, andthis, is prboably the principal reasonfor thp prepestd establishment of thenew line. This is due to the fact thatimmense traffic coming off of the roadcould be handled more easily than 'bydetouring freight either to Winchesteror Lexington and then to Paris, whichis destined to be a distributing pointfor the North and South.Heavy grades exist on the L. & N.between Winchester and Pais and onthe L. & Hi. dewteen Indian Fields andWinchester. To handle with ease thevolume of traffic the road is expectingto handle would make it necessary toredcue the grade, which could only bedone at an enormous expense, and compared with the expense of building anew road which would necessarily openup new territory, the latter would be 'more practicable. Ia While both Winchester and Lexing-'ton are making an effort tosecuro theterminus of the L. & E. on the face of .the existing conditions it looks as if'Paris has the'best chance even in thefact of the strong inducements offeredby the sister cities. The double track-!ing ot the L. & N. from Covingtononlyjjextends to this city, which leads 'to the Delief the original intention ofthe company was to make Paris theterminus and a distributing point.Photography.Mr, Core, the Cincinnati photcgraoher, will be at the Elks building inParis, Octoner 12-16. 6 3tTHEATRICAL."BEVERLY."Fashicn is a funny thin? and theway in which styks are oiiginated,especailly in articles of feminine attire, sometimes occur in a very uniqueway. Although Geo. Barr McCutiheon's "Beverly" has been publishedfor several years and although thereappeared on the cover of the book"iciiijuii jl unci a uuijcepuuu ui. LUt!Hoiric!nn h in Hi-i'r stn n-:n C iL. . .ideal Jbeverly" garbed in a mostravishing hat and veil, it was not untilthe novel was dramatized and put onthe stage last psring that the "Beverly Hat became oneof fashion'scrazes. Now in every city of thecountry where "Bevrely" has appeared the women have gonp crazy over!he beauties of the Beverly hat and itis being copied far and wide."Beverly" will be seen at the Grandon next Tuesday, October 24. Watchfor the big advertisement in next issueo: the News.Desirable Building Lots.Two of the mc3t desirable buildinglots that have been put on the marketfor a lorfg time are the ones belongingto the Ranson Heirs. They are onMain street and are 55x200 feet. Weare going to sell them to the highestbidder on October 24 at 2 o'clcck.HARRIS & SPEAKES, Agents.Lays New Pipes.The Harrodbsurg Herald says: "Mr.R. L. Whaley, of Paris, has been hereseveral days laying new pipes fromthe Standard Oil supply tank to theside track at the depot. The pipes inuse had been almost destroyed by rustand in consequence the company wessuffreing a loss of 20 gallons of oil aday."Grade Crossing to be Abolished.The L. & N. Railroad Company,through their agent, Mr. J. H. Haggard, has closed a deal with Mr. Ossian Edwards, whereby the companybecomea the owner of the vacant lotat the corner of Foruteanth and Mainstreets. The price paid was $1,200..This ground was purchased in orderto abolish the dangerous grade crossing on Fourteenth street going intoClaysville. A tunnel will be builtunder the company's tracks at thispoint snd traffic over the rairload'sright cf way at this point will be stepped. Ihe pruchase of the Edwards lot wasmade for the prupese of allowing apassway to the Standard Oil Company's plant, which is located on theL. & N. right of way.and which otherwise would be left on too high a pointto ptrmit "them using Fourteenthstreet.Work on the concrete buildings atthe Standard Oil Company's plant wasstarted last week.Our T inp nfver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.The "House of Quality" only car- Iries the very best m Solid Silver Iand Wft ran aiw vnn anvfVnnrr.. --- j w V """5from a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.rri ur r v i.k. raa-A a -mBkBoth. Phones.Morgan Statue Unveiled Tomorrow. The unveiling of the monumenterected to the memory- of GeneralJohn Hunt Morgan and his men whichwill be held in Lexington tomorrowwill be an event of widespread interest. This monument which is given bythe United Daughters of the Confedfracy has cost $15,000 to produce ,and itstands not only as a memento of thegreatConfederate General but also esa beautiful remembrance of the splendid efforts of these still more splendidwomen who have toiled faithfully inthe work of raising the funds withwhich to defray the expenses of erecting the monument.The unveiling ceremonies will be afitting climax to the great conventionof the United Daughters of the Confederacy which will be held in Lexington this week. The ceremones are ofa very elaborate character.Immediately before the unveilingceremonies which will take place enthe famous court house square wherethe monument has been erected a session of the convention will be held inthe Woodland Park Auditorum, andwhere a parade of magnicfient proportions will be formed.Compliment to Former BourtonMan.ine .farmers iiome Journal in itsissue of last week continued an excellent likeness of George Clayton, ofjBuigin, formerly of Hutchison, thiscounty. This publication pays a highJ compliment to Mr. Clayton as a prcI ducer of shew hogs in the following:1 "The lad who knows how to hardcut 'the rations,' and as to whetherhei s the bst fitter and exhibitor ofshow hogs in the South we will leave, it to those who saw him put his 'babies'I through at cur recent State fair."It was simply a revelarion to watchi eld Eanker 3rd as he marched aboutthe ring with head and tail high in theair fcllowirg the magic stfck of hismaster as though under a sDell of hypnotism. How could Judge Kemp helplaiyng the blue riboon across his backwhich was wide enough to playmarbles on."And when that handsome lnvicgcup was handed over to him we will( jeiVeit to this same crowd as towhether or not this gentleman has agood pair of lungs. Indeed we thinkhe had a right to yell (of course itwasn't polite) for with ten Kentuckyj exhibitors in attendance his four pigswere conisdered the best by a block.And it seems also that his boarBanker can be considered the greatettshow and breeding Loar in the South,since he not only sired these cup winners but a score of other winners atvarious fairs this year. 'Here's to theman who knows how to serve th.9meals.' "NOTICE.To Whom it May Concern:Notice is hereby given that theundersigned, who has been convictedin the Bourbon County Uourt for theoffense of carrying concealed weapons,will, on'or after October 28, 1911, apply to the Governor of the State for afull pardon for the offense.O. H. PETERS.Paris, Ky., October 14, 1911.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 1 62 Agent.ADMINISTRATOR'S NOTICE.Notice is hereby given that theundersigned has qualified as the administrator of the estate of M. H.Current, deceased, and all persons having claims against said estate will present the same properly proven to theundersigned.$ All Jpersons owing said "state arehereby notified to pay the same to theundersigned administrator.E. B. CURRENT, Administrator,y 537 Columbia avenue,6 6t Lexington, Ky.vrpHinor iL 1it m bwbww -