ftfe.JrTHE BOURBON NEWS..iA fU'"PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1911.7 THEATRICAL.1""m" Mi iiHHai .'- .- .kbisemi-WeeKlu SpecialsiAt The$Dep't StoreMonday, Oct. 16th,$4 Shoes, at Half-price,$2. 1 pair to a customer. 'Sale from 9 to a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE Owing to the great demand forKeady-to-Wears, we will close out our entire linedress goods to discontinue this department."HUMAN HEARTS."Te be transported from the strife oftown to the atmosphere of the hillcountry, with its simnle honest nesialfiparsuine their lives of nflrp.rtinn andtnst. is in iitself a refreshment. Tohear the singing of the birds and thoseother sounds with the farm, to hearand see all things that flood the memory with pleasant experience and excitethe imagination to a realizing sense ofthe poetry of common things, is notonly a lelief from the cares of theday, but a renewal of the better sideof nature.In the realistic melodrama, "HumanH earts," the scenes, which are chipflyamong the hills of Arkansas, is found1 ofmmmmJrtl'r 'r'jr"'r'''''''''-'''',1i' 5-.i3I We Save You Money ffI As We Sell For Cash OnlyW 4)) Standard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs $1. 00 $)W Pure Hog Lard, per lb 12 l-2c S(K White Bacon, per lb 10c Sit, Fat Bacon, per lb 12c cjjfc Breakfast Bacon in the piece, per lb 20c ifaty Lenox Soap, 3 bars I . . ". 10c tyVf Lenox Soan. R bars OKn i... -IT " "" ----------------....... iu '..-Mc Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50cv Argo Starch, 3 boxes v. ....... .. .- 10cfa Blueing, 2 boxes 5c W$t The best Gun Powder Tea, per lb. 7Se ifift Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per lb ! 50c SVW Preserving Pears, per bu S1.00 W$ BLUE RIBBON $The Flour of QualityYou Have Tried the Rest, Now Try the Best.'& Blus Bibbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65 $Kft Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack ,. 1. 30 mfS Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2. 55 W4 iffT. C. LENIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234 Wfly Watch this Space Next Week, m"fe JJW' 'r--jr.....r.. . . . . r. . . . . . jy.66 lll-ttt a-nL rvivW nvJVV "GO WHERE YOU WILL, and meet whoever you may happentioon. if vntt arp 4tvicof4 J-i k rAU fi if w tcm -j j xwwv Hi m iwnico wen acn yuu, you li De as WOf well dressed as you want to be. That's the one advantage you get by &I coming: to us.,r"a power to charm that is marvellous.Everything has its purpose andfurthers the main intention nf nn nilabsorbing story of love, hate, injusticeana retnoution. The play engages thesympathies for the sufferings visitedon a family of plain, honest people,through the unfortunate marriage ofthe hero with an adventuress whom hethought to refoirr.Sbut failed; thetemptation of the old life proving toostrong for her.The darR side of the stury is wellbalanced with humor, adroitly introduced and made a necessary elementin the action. To detail the plot wouldbe to rob the pleasure of its surprises,for like Shore Acres and the OldHomestead, "Human Hearts" whileon a g different, theme, throbs withinterest true to nature and is an nvp.rI welcome visitor to the -Jiscriminatingland thoughtful spectators. That itspruuuccion win -oe welcomed by anoverilowing house is almost a foregoneconclusion.j At the Paris Grand next Monday,(October 16. Seats now on sale ati Mitchell & Blakemore!s. Prices 25' cents to 75 cents.4 ICORRECT STYLE is an important thing in Clothes;TU but style is one thing you' ve got to take somebody'sword for. Ycu want good style, of course; and you wantto be sure that the Clothes you buy are correct in style.Now, this "more" is what you'd better come to us forthis certainty.rGet In Early While the Picking is GoodJ BOYS- OUTFIT, FROM HEAD TO FOOT, MOST COMPLELETRUNKSSUIT CASESRAIN COATSUMBRELLASRUBBER BOOTSSLICKERSrt?Mitchell & Blakemore9PICTURE CARNIVAL AT THEGRAND.The three reels of motion nir.tnrps, which are being shown each night thisweek at the Grand are a revelation tothe theatre goers of Paris and largecrowds are nightly showing their gappreciation. Manager Porter has airanged with the General Film Com' pany of Cincinnati, to furnish him, with three reels of the latest and mostup-to-date pictures. Coming soon aiethe i flood tragedy at Austin, Pa., in.which the entire town was swept away' and hundreds of lives lost. Also theTwo Oiphans in three reels, one of thegreatest pictures ever made.j The performances of Prof. Maw'horteron the piano are exceedinglypleasing to the large audiences nightly. The Professor"plays the pictures,"and his quickness in adapting themusic to suit the picture is really1 wonderful. Three extra gocd reels fortonight.Boys Clothing!We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50to$10.00in ailthe latest colors and styjesBoys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.aillHiUpIPmmtan?IOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky:i9 W flHHW JHHHi imh MfSLHXIIIIIIIIIlIIIIIJ'lUIIIXIiniIIIIIIIllIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIllIIIIIlIlIllliJiiiiiiiiiiIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIlulI,I,IIIIIlIIIIIlIIrriIBI , FRANK & CO.' IThe Store Where Reliability Reigns. f935300 Newest Style Coats and Hats Just Received.Come in and Take a Look'M$&IPGIVE US A CAlLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.tfflLiIgmtiw&iMMMXMMWFlood Hero Once Paris Citizen.A press report from the flood swpetdistrict of Northwestern New Mexicoand Southwestern Colorado, tells ofthe drowning of John Rice, who methis death in aiding in the rescue ofthe pupilB of the Methodist Missionbchoo at Farmington, New Mexico.The press report gave no other particuars as the telephone and telegraphic service is badly crippled as aresult of the flood and only meager reports are ooiamaoie.Mr. -Rice was a former resident ofthis city and two years ago movd with his family to Colorado for thebeneht or hisghealth. For some timehe was in the government service andwas employed in the capacity of RuralRoute carrier. When he moved toColorado, he located near Blanca, butaoout two weeks ago, letters fromthat point to relatives here stated thathe would move with his faimly toFarmington, N. M., where his daughter, Miss Minerva Rice, formerly ateacher in the Bourbon schools, had aposition in the Methodist MissionSchool. Prior to the time of enteringthe government service Mr. Rice wasa tenant on the farm of Mr. NewtonMitchell.Mrs Wm. Argo, who resides onEighth street in this city, is a sisterof Mr. Rice, and since the report ofhis untimely death reached hore hisrelatives have made every effort toget into communication with the family. While they have no direct information as to the death of Mr. Rice,they are confident the uhfortuate manmetioned in the press dispacch sent outfrom Denver is he. - jt ,Mr. Rice was a member of theChristian church and prominent in fraternal circles being an active memberof the local lodge of' Knights while hemade Paris his home, and this order ismaking every effort to gain any inferniation concerning his death.5 We Offer For Your Inspection the Greatest and Best Line of- SUITS, CLOAKS AND SKIRTS-Ever Shown in Central KentuckySUITS-1 At $15.00, $20.09, $25.00 and $35.00E These are values that mean a saving to you of from 2. 50 toE 10. 00 on a suit.a' sCOATS-At $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00A full assortment of Black Cloth Coats and all the new largeCollar and double faced effects. Also the popular Reversible CoatsSKIRTS-At $3.98, $5.00, $7.50 up to $15.00 each., An elegant selection of the season's most popular styles inCorduroys, Fancy Materials., Serges and Panamas.SHOES- : :In Velvets, Satins, Suede, Patent and Gun Metalsfor Badiesand Misses. - ' 'r !"'v: '-" :-MILLINERYComplete line of Suit Hats at popular prices..Frank & Co.Paris,KentuckyeemBiiiJmiimmimiiiruM.ifm jIs'Vif.''lii1MV'Vmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwm''Vfr" ' f -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 1?,1911.l H 9eV33ftX,:, 3ftfHE iBUBdNj!SfeV sMICHE2JNMemediek are Needed"Were we perfect, which we are not, medicines wotudnot often be needed. But since our systems have become weakened, impaired and broken down throughindiscretion's which have gone on from the early ages,through countless generations, remedies are needed to.1BOTH 'PHONES, 12T ' NO. 320 MAIN STKEET.SWIFT CHAMP. - t ' Editor and Owneraid Nature in correcting our inherited and otherwissacquired weaknesses. To reach the seat of stomac'iweakness and consequent digestive troubles, there 3nothing so good as Dr. Pierce's Gelden Medical Discoverv. a glyceric cociDound, extracted from native medic'JfEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poscofiice as Second-class Mail Matter.inal roots sold for over lorry years with great satisfaction fo al! users. FoeEstablished in J88J 3Q Years of Continuous Publication-jYicuiv. jiuiuuu.i, uiuuuaucss, iiy.i vuuipmiui, x uiu iu iuv ui.uuiav.ii au.i ....,neuriuiDerange:Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per inch.eact subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 ents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on cancldates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Jdie Qenuineczitsiae wrapper croSignature gYou cant afford to accept a secret nostrum as a substitute for this non-alcoholic,medicine of known composition, not evon though the ucgent dealer maythereby jnake a little bigger profit. . 7Br. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigorate stomach, liver andbowels. Sugar-coated, tiny granules, easy to take as caady.Published Every Tuesday and Friday."frr "v -tf-y-X2T 5emel!r .ir(M) Anti-Skids (3ft),v . Look for frX o leafingtttf IM(t5iHM gqraaesLrdenedSteeA VE Leather teeaYAnti-Sldd 1 gg I w tough, flesuble,j Studs do prevent gfevV and!1" JffHHt1:ments, the, "Disqp very" is a tinc-proTcaand, most efficient remedy.123 s om its -. ' rtsr' r)N yTsJ Wvh'iMIiftI!.I5 Ji;fiiif-juhii ,) ihi ii it iINSTOCK BYiBourbon GarageFourth andALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis. Kentuckyjfr. ..V..,!. iSfoBourbonwwDAVIS & FUNK, Props. JTelephone No. 4.ourbotftVMr nParss7entuGkynji)ii;;n:iiiBiMfriaEasily laid can be laid right over "wood shingles if necessaryFjfceproof Stormproof Last as long a3 the building and nevereed repairs. For further detailed information apply to, MILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Midnight in the Ozarks .-and yet s!e?pless Hiram Scranton, ofClay City, 111., coughed and coughed.Be was in the mountains on the ad--viceofjfive doctors, who said he hadconbumption, but found no help inthe climate and started home. Hearing of Dr. King's Kew Discovery, hel-egn to use it. I believe it savedir.v life,7' he writes, "for it made aew man of me so that I can now dog od work again." For all lung die- Iease, coughs, colds, lagrippp, asthma,.;cioup, whooping cough, hay fever, 'i c montages, Hoarseness .or .quinsy1 U f.hAthPKh Vnr.wn rrmPdvi.TeirrZ 'n aristocratic mSteD never worries nhnntnd Sl 'riaL bottle free. Guaranteed Uhe height of hisbrow'f4,fc - -5 disaster for tinand Supply Co.High; Streetswill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Pretthuss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.LaundryOffice Opp. Postof hce.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleh-d with ourlaundry w.ik ii rest ofcourse. ."MSTfirwiiic, thoroughpa'n-tJjkn j u'i rs 4 :.alles usto g"i V"' r lantiln ut the6.a. v , r.tui.fc it and itsqu-ili i- yuH'sintonri. Giveus a W -l irilr Yuull notLaundry,Bloodine Cures Strains, BruisRheumaiic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atic pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.W. T. Brooks, AgentsObvious.The man who gets much satisfaction.thatV-..r.-:2?553?N,(ftout of the fact that he. has a high, i&.00 J, PatKbile inImprovement in Schools Dae toDemocrts.sTo listen to the Republican speakersone would think that the Republicanparty in Kentucky had originated thecommon shcool system, and were thonly people that could be trusted tobring it to perfection. As every friendof euducation in the State knows thereis no law on the Statute book in regard to education that was not putthere by Democratic Legislators, andwhile Kentucky has not made the advancement in this respect that itshould haVe dene, great progress is being made, and with the election ofGovernor McCreary, further improvements is sure to follow. The fact thatwe have better teachers, who are paidbetter salarihes, and that there aremore schools in Kentucky now than. , . . 1, .every before is all die to the reorgani -aztion of the public School system un -der the School Board. This act wasyabseu in ivvo uy a ueuiuuiauu' uc&ialature, and was drawn byMr. J. A.Sullivan, who is GovernorMcCreary 'sclose personal friend, and a member ofv,: ,: ,.:4. TUn r,,.ratic party can be trusted to'build upon this admirable foundation a noblesuperstructure that will place Kentucky where it belongs, among thegreatest educational states in theUnion.The following is the planktlinDemocratic platform, and while toJudge O'Rear's narrow mind it doesn'tmean anvthinc. it must convince everyfa,v man h, fi10 now,, i nnavo in, - .its advocacy of a more perfect comracnschool sjstem."Section 7 We favorIhe enactingof such additional laws uswill makeour entire common school system moresufficient and more practical."We Dledere our sunnort to our1 f3fhnrl sistom -nnrJ thp pHnnnf.innsilinstitutions of the State, wisely andeconomically ministered.Money appropriated for the education of the people is an investment and !not an expense, school trustees whoshould be held rigidly responsible foradequate returns on every dollar invested. We charge the Republicanparty with neglect of and indifferencetoward our school sisters system."Recognizing that a large majorityof the teachers of our common schoolsare women, and that women are noweligible to be elected school trustees,county school superintendent and tohold office as are frequently so elected,we favor the extension to women ofsuffrage in all school elections, subjectto such wie regulations as the Generally may determine.Vain Boasting of Republicans.Before the Registration books wereclosed in the various cities 'Congressman Langley issued a statement to thepress in which he claimed great Republican gains in Eastern, Central andWestern Kentucky. He congratulatedthe party upon a reawakened interestwhich, as he put it,' gave assurance ofRepublican victory in November.This vain boasting is in keepingwith the practices of the RepublicanCampaign Committee and newspapersin this contest. They have gone totheir imagination for their facts, finding such sunshine where there is onlydarkness, and discovering Republicanmajorities where there are hopelessminorities. This is particularly truein their press , reports of JudgeO'Rear's audiences. By actual countat Owenton on Wednesday JudgeO'Rear had one hundred and thirtyseven hearers, fully one-fourth ofthem being Democrats. The followingday the Republican daily papers wrotebig headlines over a dispatch fromOwenton stating that:"Owen county laid her tribute ofapplause this afternoon before thecleansed altar of political purity erected by Judge O'Rear."Usually, this reporter instead ofhaving Jifdge O'Rear erecting altarsmanufactures an audience of a thousand when barely two hundred peopleattend his meeting.Going back to the question of Regi3I tration. Everyone of the principal! cities showed large Democratic gains.Louivsille, Lexington, Frankfort andmany otners gave no comfort to theRepublicans, but on the contrary theincrease in the Democratic vote provesconclusively that November will spellONE YEAR,5 Republican ticket,.$1'.00pablican Campaign Committee andthe few newspapers that are supporting Judge O'Rear to claim "everythingin the hope of blinding the people tothe real conditions of affairs.SEALTH.Scalp and Hair Troubles Generally Caused by Carelessness.Dandruff is a contagious diseasecaused by a microbe which also produces baldness. Never use a comb orbrush belonging to someone else. Nomatter how clepnly the owner may be.lnese articles may be infected withft1?!!?;, $ will infect your scalp.It is far easiar to catch hair microbesj than it is to get rid of them, and a''single stroke of an infected comb or,a brush may well lead to baldness.jNever try on anybody's hat. Many aua- uanJis a resting place for mi-erobes.If you happen to be troubled withgandruff, itching scalp, falling hair tor"-, mc a icmcu wuiuu webelieve will completely relieve thesetroubles. We are so sure of fthis thatwe cdfer it to you with the understanding that it will cost you nothing forthe tiial if it does not produce the results we claim. This remedy is calledRexall "93" Hair Tonic. We honestlybelieve it to be the most scientifictemedy for scalp and hair troubles.I nnd 7fi know nf nntdinn alca Viofequals it for effectiveness, because ofthe results it has produced in thousands. of cases.i Rexall "93" Hair Tonic is devised to5 banish dandruff, restore natural colorvnen its loss has been brought aboutby disease, and make the hair natural-1V s'Ky, sort and glossy, it does this, because it stimulates the hair iollicles,noofrrvo thu rrcrm mnHnu nnrl Kinn"""j" mv, ftciiii niauu, aim uiiijoabout a free, healthy circulation ofblood, which nourishes the hairroots, causing them to tighten andgrew new hair. We want everybodywho who has any trouble with hair orcalp to know that we think thatRexall "93" Hair Tohic is the besthair tonic and restorative in existence,and no one should scoff at or doubt thisstatement until theyjlvhave put curdlaims to a fair test, with the understanding that they pay us nothing ,forthe remedy if it does not give full andcomplete satisfaction in every particular. Two sizes, 50 cents and $1.Remember, you can obtain RexallRemedies in Paris only at our storeThe Rexall Store. G. S. Varden & Son.-L Kied by a Mad Horse.! Samuel Birch, of Beetown, Wis.,liad a narrow escape from losing hislpg, as no doctor could head thefrightful sore that developed, but atlast Bucklen's Arnica Salve cured itcompletely. It's the greatest healerof ulcers, burns, boils, eczema, scaldscuts, corns, eold sores, bruises andpiles on earth. Try it. 25c at Oberdorfer's. rDay Trip to St Louis.'t By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8:20 a. m., direct connection is madeyith the B. &. O. S-W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noondaily, arriving St. Louis at eighto'clock same evening. Ihis train carries elegant high back seat coaches''of steel and cement construction."'Harloc cars, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSit. Louis Union Station with allVyestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S-W.St. Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily2:15a. m., 9 a. m. and 9:15 p.m. daily except Sunday. Njght trainshave electric lighted sleeping carswith individual berth lights. For information as to fares and other particulars consult your lo:al ticket agentor addressS. T. SEELy;.T. P. A , B. & O. S-W. R. R.,513 Traction Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuildirrg Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle1 youibuildings, large or small. I will beLglad to furnish you estimates on shortSIX MONTHSAdvanceHELPFUL H NTAnubict. x ue uvat, ui references iurnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call uo Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERi. : mi..-. 1 i. e- j. "GEO- W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.3(&:3i23s2g);22"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. Tryf t' ' ? 1DOQSOOQZ3&Qa&5'gm!r$2Q&&Z2tz2&East Tenn. Telephone CoINCOBPOItATEDPor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddIeiow.i, "Littler RockRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. AVIIilLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Aoom 1 Elk8 Building.1Dr. Wm. KenneyvPARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.E. T 136.Home 136.Oliice PhonesE. T. 334.Home334.ResidenceHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST, 'Opposite Frank & Co;Dr. J. M. Licoclc,' !DENTIST,Up StairsOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing.Physician,,OfficesRooms 4 ,and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, ... - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers alvays ready to wait on the'trade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.BloodineCuresE. A Cross, 516 GlascowStreet. Portsmouth, va.Rheumatism Has used Bloodine forRheumatism with, the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds it givesher strength and a good appetite. I have: used Itmyself and find t has doae me a lot of good.".and be satisfied.0. n& mimt" y15, KY.odknFruit snd Shade Trees.Shrub?, Asiarsgus, Rhubarb, Pecnies,Rrse3,( Phlox, jecc. Rveiything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. FreecajFlrgue.H. b HILLENMEYER & SONS. 'o oct 2m Lexrigton, KyBicycle for Sale;Banner birycl. carter brake, gcodas nw. Will sell cheac for ca3h. Callat Bouibon News 9ffice. 6 3t& mmm mssmmmmIWEBSTER'SNEWINTERNATIONAL-DICTIONARYTHE 'MERR1AM WEBSTERTrio Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains trie pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in &single book.The Only Dictionary "with theNew Divided Page.400,00a Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearly- half a million dollars.Let us tell ybu about this moatremarkable single volume.Write for samplepages, f till particulars) etc.Nam thispaper andTwo willsand freea set ofPocketaCapaKTsWri-fVmHRWMiMBIPWsi.11 $3&?iLjkM.zWjL j jfmolsBsMBsaX! 4sssBlm mIsWJssssMBgWIIBSSsr.Dw.flBSasssP'kl isVc.icy of tbeRe-W. T. Brooks, Agent.SprlBgB MMI.H7r.r.1f .4 Ua.i!h-i.Vir' ; c- i-Va x ?. ;, ; ;.nj e,vjuenuy.iae poi"7 . v v - . 2rr.rr'... i;- - -- -'' - -THE BOURBON3rftwoDrepsofBlood.The Mysterles,of:Men!D"lBI(Revealed by a Complete Laboratory Exasinitloi)If You WanUo Know the Truth, SeeOld iDrTpolleASSOCIATE SPECIALIST OP CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST COMPANY,Oaicesl.of "Uriie -Etoi't Wilt until p are Indicted and Sentenced and the Gates.of Heillh Closed Against You rI WANT A TALK WITH yOUin reference to that which shouldconcern every man more than allthe money in the world Health,Heritage and Success.What) is true of your physicalconditidn must be reflected in thewell-being of your children forfuture generations. A nationthat dies may be "born again" ina physical sense, and may vethand down a Heritage that is worthmore than all the wealth it may haveproduced.In preserving your blood cells we arehelping to shape the destiny of futuregenerations, and the few dollars we leavebehind will count for but little comparedto the vital spark that flows throughthe blood stream of men who do thingsright.The time has come for 3Tou to decidewhether you will be the man that Natureintended or will permit yourself to bedeluded "to be cast into the scrap pile."Your first duty is self-preservationTruth is eternal. Your Heritage is your.. greatest asset.If the underlying principles upon whichmy SPECIFIC BLOOD CELL REMEDIES were perfected had not been right18 years ago they would not be right today. I believe if you had your troublelast year you still have the resulting weakness this year, and the fact that I was unable to secure your confidence shouldcause me all the more concern in makingan honest and sincere effort to have yousee the right way to do justice by yourself.' CrlK JSS-JInUbSAssociateSpecialist.il lUOjp Now, the facts are, you .havekown me directly or indirectly for18 years here in Cincinnati, andyou have, watched and waited tosee my efforts revolutionize thepractice of my specialty. -Now, if my 22 years of experi-C.L.DOLiE, ence is worth anything to you,m. d. it the services ol the best laboratory in the city of Cincinnati isworth anything to you if theremedies I have perfected, and whichhave been endorsed by the best authorsin the world are worth anything to youif one of the best hospitals in the city ofCincinnati, if needed, is worth anything toyou, all of which ban be had without adollar if needed. I know this shouldcause you to have but one opinion, andthat is, that I have shown a dispositionto do a hundred times more than you arewilling to do for yourself. , ., ,If you place no value on your healthand Heritage, I am talking to the wrongman, but if you do believe what I 'havesaid and you are willing to make an effortto help yourself there is no just reasonwhy j'ou should feel that you cannotafford to protect that which is worth ahundred times more than all the moneythat you have or will make.Are you willing to hand your heritagedown from generation through your children? Look at the thousands of menwho are paying the price of their ancestors' indiscretions. Let us cure you ?IK. , .I VitalFactseOF INTEREST TO$ Everyu 77Letend You This BookFREEWhile countless thousands have already written for this hook,and are now well and happy because of the same, still there are yetthousands of others who need just such valuable information asthis book of Dr. D6ile's contains No diseased man should fail toget this book now, because it is sent free of any cost, and is notonly interesting and instructive, but tells men how to avoid diseases and weakness, the cause and cure, and how they can make theclimb of life v.ith strength and health to wealth, honor, happiness, and "why some men are failures, miserable; the completebook sent upon application, free, sealed, by mail.If in or near this city, take time to drop in our office that youmay have a complete, thorough and free Hzamination. No chargefor professional advice, either at office or by mail. JHouks: 9 to 12; 1 to 4. Sundays, 9 to 1. Three nights a week;Monday, Wednesday and Saturday nights, ,7 to 8.SEND US THIS COUPON TODAY.CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST CO., 21 Walnut Street, Cincinnati:Dr. Dolle and Associate Specialists: Please forward me your Book, as'advertised, free. , , lllitijxNAME .?.T!T......ADDRESSThis Book will not be sent unless you mention this newspaper.),WBMggLFr.NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 13, 191f.Ho Patient Charged More Than What He is Glad and Willing To PayWe simply want the opportunity of showing every man suffering from INFECTION, BLOOD POISON, SKIN DISEASES, NERVOUSNESS, RHEUMATISM,KIDNEY AND BLADDER COMPLICATIONS, ENLARGED VEINS (WEAKBLOOD VESSELS), WEAK ORGANS, that he can only be made strong by andthrough the blood stream also, that no "salves," suspensory bandages, washes toapply night and morning, or gallons of "dope" taken internally or externally willCURE VARICOCELE, HYDROCELE, PILES and STRICTURE,-but that OURMETHOD, without knife or danger to life in any way, will CURE IN ONETREATMENT one visit and the patient leaves this institute CURED for life.We know that we can give him new life, new hope, and restore him back to healthand happiness. We know that every man will pay after we have eliminated everytrace of disease from his system, therefore we say to all diseased men test ourtreatment -at OUR EXPENSE until you are satisfied to pay our very smallcharges besides all sufferers should bear in mind this important matter; HEREthey get the attention not only of Dr. Dolle personally, but of several SPECI ALISTSin each case without extra charge. What ONE of US does not know, some ofthe other associated STAFF DOES. Our practice is large, our cures are scatteredall throughout this great citr, this state and neighboring states; our Institute hereis as nely and completely equipped as money will make it. We offer diseased menall that a reputation of almost a score of years experience in this city carries withit, honesty, reliability, skill, and all for a very moderate charge, in reach of any andall sufferers. Fill out the coupon above or call today. Don't wait until ' 'tomorrow."NOMONEY REQUIRED TO COMMENCE TREATMENT. Address or call on.CINCINNATI MEN-SPECIALIST CO. (flaf ass- 521 Walnut St.f&yrtXGENTLEMANSSHOEJwAHA.MigdffVKSlFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for truethe man-means;ofeconomy toof moderateand to . the manwealth,' the best that; money could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.JAVIESS SCHOOLSpe Observer Takes aa Camera,TripA BLEAK AS A CATTLE BARNiSchoolhouse Fop White Pupils a "Cryfnjf Sham" and Those For ColoredChildren 'Almost Beyond the Flightof Imagination. .' Simply' to show that these condltions, these same wretched, school conditions, are common all over the stateI 1vent to Daviess county, in the western part of Kentucky. This is anotherof those old, rich communities thatwere luxurious and prosperous longbefore the civil war, and it is thereforeable to build and equip comfortableschools for all Qf the children withinits borders. Out in what is known" asthe but I must not shbw pictures andtell names at the same time wherecorn, tobacco, hay and wheat aregrown, in perfection, I discovered apoor little school building that was almost ready to go to pieces. Its frontlooked as if the childreh had neededextra fuel or kindling during the coldweather for their old battered drumstove. I am glad to be able to. say thatZQZfMMMHMHHMMMIMA J' :' : Ftez $ ' k": ifi?5 - K5i ?t,- ', .--WELCOME -'l WELCOMEh4. 11 II -l!:) "J '$fv .,-Ss:jJt43. 'GRANDOPENINGFlowers ani Souvenirs Given Away. p-String Music All Day7 3b j: Ji f "wthIeusjg.fWTO.1 ,...-.-On the Stroke of 8 O'Clock in theMofning offofaiv feirday Next, October 14,'Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, 'Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. M'Willams,ALMOST READY TO GO TO PIECES.a new building is soon to replace thisone, anu it is uigu ume, ior me county,superintendent said:"It's a shame, a crying shame. Iknow it and feel it all the time; so doany number of other superintendentsall over the state. But what can wedo when the general public simplysays over and over again, 'I went to aschool like that one, got my education,all I ever had, and what was good,enough for me is good enough for myrown children, I reckon?' "We went inside the old shack, andthe county superintendent asked me to-vlook at the rough walls, the knifehewn desks rof a pattern long out ofdate. Then he said:"What kind of work can "you getout of 'em when it's so much worsethan they are "used to at home?Mighty rough, isn't it? But that isn'tthe real tough part of it J -came outhere during a sudden cold snan lastwinter to see how they could heat theschool. You'll notice they have a pieceof an old stove In the middle of theroom and there is no protector aboutit to distribute the heat. I made thechild who was sitting next to thestove move his seat, and I placed athermometer where he had been sitting, busy with his lessons. THEMERCURY RACED UP TO 110 DEGHEES. I took the same thermometer and hung it against the far wallof the wind shaken house. ITDROPPED SUDDENLY TO 49 DEGREES. No child could do real mentalolaVIII 2ftT o .PrrU1- TV "IMia i.i1 sHowi?..'.c t? cpj fr "T Oi'ri JJ2s?:-ZiTiSSf -iV HI rw m m tMil r i 7-ULLrO;I dtik'New f-o..Si,LOAK ANDGHERTVjFx,,m 'cli , ; ji ' tnHSSRflSThe Right Cement for Concrete isSUPERIOR CEMENTCelebrated in the Middle West as the finestground and lowest in' magnesia less than I percent This means dense, durable concrete thatwill never crumble. It's a.true Portland cementthat will last forages. .. Ask .for our Free Superior Literature which: gives proportions formixing concrete, etc Insist on Superior.Saperior Endures.'Umea Trust feu2&B. CiactimaU, O.JiMnu olsu, rrcMeMtSOLDlYThe Superior Portland Cement' Co:GSLlStirert Luteber Co. 1BLEAK AS A CATTLE BARN.work with this difference in temperature in the -schoolroom, and therewas grave danger for the childrenphysically." .If the white scbielafein, old Kentuckyare bad the negro schools in manylocalities are almost beyond the flightof imagination. At a small village inthis county of Daviess I ran across avery poor one, not any worse thanothers I had seen, but it was ratherpeculiar in its style of architecture.The windows were broken, the doorunlocked and partly ajar, the frontsteps entirely gone, and the fence thathad once separated the building fromthe roadway had disappeared exceptfor some lonely pieces ol posts. Onpushing open the loose ddor I saw ableak interior, with trash covering abadly warped floor. The room contained a rusty stove, overflowing ashes onto the floor, and two rickety benchesmade of undressed lumber.! The wallsof the room were vmadeof undressedaiding nailed to studding and stripped.There had nevei? been any inner wallnf .plaster or ceiling to keep out theold. IT WA'S AS LEAK AS ACATTLE BARN. Is It andfcvouderi hat illiteracy stalks a rhenaenrg figureibout the old state of "the dark andbloody ground?"To assist in the strong campaignnecessary for "the 'development of theeducational movement buttons bearMug the 'Inscription "3Jy S for improve-:neritrKentuclcy schools?' are to'be soldJ by the educational committee 4ifLouis-Co. T Z :CW 2!fi SI Tr-- -,r .v - rs . iSTORE. in I iioon the corner of 5th and Main, Old Citizens'Bank Building);J J" 'f jX'C'g -Will open-its- doors to.therLadies of Bburbon "County wifH1Newand Full Line of-- :I1Ladies' Wearing Apparelof Latest Styles and Models at Prices Suitable to Any and, f ," 'Every Woman of Fashion." ; ' v i .- -Suits of latest styles in blacks and colors with'skinners satin lined, worth $25 ..$15Corduroy Velvet Suits in brown, black, navy.All skinners satin lined of latest fashion. Some ofimportant foreign models, worth $45uCoats in heavy mannish materials in .mixtures,, jj 3 Lcloths and revers in two different com-binations, worth $25S25f'$15imj iwySkirts in corduroy velvet in all' colors of latest'v models, worth $10 kl .:. 1J..L.& ? :'bresses'in ilfew'Defcolette and Evening Apparinsrfavz&ii 'r hJgii shades ;and colorv-wdrtn':S35ilJiLAjr?Serge Dresses of latest model, JW Cworth $12.50 1$7.501 Ji".' u..-".v ?-iyi j ',.&t&2frV jv-.feuill i.4 rfifr ; ftt'..H-v,.'Sfi';wA. M. DO MB,At V-t. : til5b- :iBoth 'Phones 129j i ,uCiH7ns9,Rank Rldfifd" -vs---r-" "' k s : c- s ij"iil jillU. -HfliHiKi vkMf'V vimi"i;?4-ivS'5''fr'ti MHJ.fO i:;iiifI.rl"rJioiif'.ilJkl?lkSt!XiXtYiae.T 1 iIIWv.iiilllScrf-. MmtIHMlfl ."-- ui -XimntfiWBmii!v.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 13, 1911.1MinWa.i.i JiaS IT A I TfM A T rrJkAUrJTiAPI, MKAUd a tu.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYf7ferocieJ finished underweariThis Brand HasProven Its Exceptional WorthinessAnd ForFine Knit UnderwearatModerate PricesEasily Takes First PlaceWe Give It Unusual ProminanceBecause of These Qualities.The name "Merode55 has a specialsignificance, being the product of one mill-m known as the cleanest,inabkc4fiJ(erocte' finished underwr:has the hearty endorsement of thousa tcritical wearers whose example we invite yto follow. Ask to see the stylesvKaufmanLEXINGTON, KY.M x j,J. T. HINT0N,PARIS, KENTUCKYFUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDEM ALMER) j( X Ambulance Service Fumigatingj ) Best Equipped Establishment in Central KentuckyBOTH PHOXEE-Oay 36FDR -4 GOLDENOLD AGEvlLYLKCopyright 1910, by the Standard Ad . Co,FOR the Tuntsr cf life, heJ a J30 old age. There canman who is rich in years and who has had a care to trulyPROVIDE for a GOLDEN OLD AGE.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDeposit BanK of Paris.Capital $ 1 00,000 Surplus $30,000(HMtHMtmmimiftwlltfs Hopes on Sand.Be that waits upon fortune is neverr of a dinner. Benjamin Franklin.9mmmmmmA T O fv Iairiest factory imag-, Straus k 6o.IXNIGHT PHONESOld- 5 5 or 22New 05, 22 or 28044XXpt:who PROVIDES mav indeedbe no prettier sight than aStare Pate In the Face.Fortune never helps the man whosecourage fails. Sophocles.?rfflUHHHkK vHIksHE HmHBTWltlUfDEATHS.A message was received by relatives here Wednesday announcing thedeath of Mis. M. C. Napier, which .occurred at her home in Crab Orchardearly Wednesday morning. Mrs. Napier was aged eighty-nine years and herdeath, which was due to infirmities incident to old age, came after an illness of two months. She is survivedby two sons, Messrs. Thos. and Wm.Napier, of Crab Orchard, and onedaughter, Mrs. J. W. Bassett, ofPitsburg, Ky. Messrs. Walter andErnest Martin, of this city, and theirsister, Mrs. Russell Dyche, of London,are grandchildren of the deceased.The funeral services were held fromher late reisdence yesterday afternoonand the remains were interred in theBuffalo cemetery at Stanford.Rev. Benjamin F. Coulter, a pioneer minister and merchant, of LosAngeles, Cal., died at his home inthat citj lat week after a lingeringillness, aged 79 years. He was bornin Trenton, Ky.Mrs. Eliza Clark, aged 82 years,died at the home of her son, Mr.James $. Clark, near Little Rock,Tuesday night after a lon illness, dueto her advanced age. Until a shorttira before death relieved her sufferingshe retained her mpntal faculties. Mrs.Clark had been a raember of theChristian church for sixty years. Almost her entire life was devoted tocharitable work, and she will be greatly missed in her neighborhood. Tnefuneral services were held from tberesidence yesterday afternoon, conducted by Rev. L. H. Reynolds, of theNorth Middletown Christian church,who was assisted by Rev. E. H. Koch.The remain were interred in thecemetery at North Middletown. Mrs.Clark is survived by six children Mrs.Dave -T. Wilson, of this city, MissAnna Clark, of Columbus, O., Mrs.David Manley, of Kansas, Mrs. AliceGillispie, Mrs. John Scott and Mr.James B. Clark, of Mjntgomery county. Valuable LotsVTwo level lots rme1ront orvac:istro'mRev. J. M. 'Maxoithe congregation ofchurch Sunday morningafternoon at 4 o'clock.Elder Carey E. Morahis pulpit at the ChritSunday morning and eveiing services at 3,0:45 and e,o'clock.An Excellent Farm to 4Go out and look over thffarm. It is only 2 1-2 milesand on a good pike. The j.tains an even 100 acres anmake a most desirable hom.going to be sold on Thursday,At same time and place Mr. Shstock, crop and farming impwill he sold.Desirable Building Lots:Two of the most desirable bui!lots thst have been put on the mafor a long time are the ones belongto the Ranson Heirs. They areMain street and are 55x200 feet,are going to sell them to the highbidder on October 24 at 2 o'clock.HARRIS & SPEAKES. AgentsMATRIMONIAL.Miss Jennie Whaley and Mr.JameAt wood, of Parkersburg, W. Va., werunited in marriage at the home of thbride's father on the Ruddells Millpike Wednesday afternoon at 5 o'clockThe ceremony was performed by RevJ. S. Simms, of the Methodist church.Owing to recent bereavement in thebride's family, the marriage was jverjquiet, only the immediate relatives being present.Mr. Saunders is a promnent jeweleiin Parkersburg, and is to be congratu Jlated upon winning such a charmingyoung woman for his wife. The coupleJdeparted immediately after the cere-ljrnony for the home of the groom, ac4uuiiipauitu uy tne oesu wisnes oi manyinenas.THE BEST ON EARTH.E. M. Wheeler's stoves and!heaters are now on the floQFand ready for your inspection.The PefescshftrSiast is thebest stove on earth for themoney. In order to open theseason he will give you anystove in the house onthe easyterms of $1 per week, or willgive you a cash price that willsurprise you.Two Good Sales.Mr. Warren Bacon, proprietor ofMaplehurst Stock Farm, near thiscity, made two good sales this week toA. B. Coxe, of Paoli, Pa., he sold aweanling bay flly by Peter the Great2:07 1-4, ot of Nancy Gladys, dam ofDulce Cor 2:08 1-2 and Dulce Jay 2:09by.Nutbreaker for SI, 000, and to JohnH. Farnum, pf Boston, a two-year-oldpacing colt by Locanda 2:02, out of amare ny Scarlet Wilkes, for the samefigure. The latter was the propertyof Harvey Biddle, colored, of Paris,the other being the property of Mr,Bacon.Mr. Bacon considers tfais colt one ofthe best pacing prospects that everleft Bourbon county. With little training she has stepped a mile in 2:18,with a half in 1 :05, and a quartre in 31seconds. Mr. Coxe, the purchaser, ofthe weanling, is owner of the Futuritywinner, Peter Thompson, and I his purchase is one of the most valuablevoung misses of her age in the Blue'Grass.The 1911 Tobacco Crop.The 1911 tobacco crop of the UnitedStates, while large as compared withthe average crops of former years,will be nearly 20 per cent short of thecrop of 1910, and both the acreage andthe yield will be considerably less thanwas predicted early in the season.The figures are from the carefullyprepared reports of The Enquirer correpsondents in the various counties ofKentucky, Ohio and Indiana and allthe important producing centers.These reports indicate a total harvested area of tobacco in the United Statesof 877,689'acres. As contrasted withthe large 'planting of 1910 this is adecrease of 272,206 acres or slightlymore than 23 pec cent.Notwithstanding this large decreasein the acreage the total apparent yieldin the United States in 1911 approximates 742,060,500 pounds. TIih 1910yield is estimated at 930,778,659 pounds,and this would make a decrease in thecrop of this year amounting to 188.718,195 pounds, or about 20 per cent.A conservative estimate of the burley acreage may now be made as follows: Kentucky, 142,653 acres ; Inaiana, 9,670 acres; West Virginia andscattering sections, 10,003 ectes; total183,089 acres. The harvested acreagein 1910 was 284,000 acres.Mason county Some damage by vewether at harvest. Appaient quailtygood not averaging up in color, builong lsaf and very heavi ; acrjage.3.500; yield 4,000.BIRTHS.Born, on Tuesday to the wife ofArthur Dixon, on Lilleston avenue, adaughter; weight 9 pounds.Born, 'yesterday in Versailles tothe wife of Mr. John Jesse, a son,weight eleven pounds. Mrs. Jessewas formerly Miss Mary Barlow Nelson, of this county.Honor Roll Additions.The names of a numfcer of the pupils, members of the Eighth Grade ofthe Paris City School, were omittedfrom the honor roll published in thelast issue of the News. They were asallows: Vella Mastin 93, Thorntonell 91, William Mastin 90, Landenilin 90, Barnett Wintesr, 90,n Tiompson 90.Carlisle Court.',e Advocate says : "The unusual-rge crowd in town Monday was aise to everyone. It was expectedthe attendance would be small oniunt of the farmers being busysing their tobacco. But they came: the same. Very few cattle shovv-p during the day. Plug horsese in abundance and several goodes changed hands.'The hog market was a little dull.yers were offering 5c for shoats,1 5 l-2c for fat hogs. Not manytanged hands at that price."tWhy Delay?Your Own From the StartThere's no reason in the world why you should not.There's every reason why you should at this store.Your home things, the reasonable prices, the liberal creditterms are all reasons why, they eliminate all delay.HeatersNow is the time to have yourHeater set up before the rushcomes. We are offering very lowprices. Come and see.$3.75 up to $40, set up.Jk. f. Wheeler Fiirnitcire Co.Main and Third, opp. Court Housef STOtE- HIS PURSE AND- NOW -TAKES HISii ir i 1 fgrr ' ' ' '"' SlI 'REMEMBER. HOW V ) ' '- ....But in return he has left him one of hisDon't Fear Frost on Wet Ground.H. F. Hillenmeyer, the widelyknown nurseryman, of Lexington, whohas always been a close gstudent ofNatural phenomena, weather conditonsand the like, says that the farmersand tobacco growers need have nofears or frost so long as the ground isas wet as it is, as a result of the recent rains. He says that a killingfrost never comes when the ground iswet, and that while the growersshould exercise due diligence to gettheir tobacco housed, precipitate hasteis not advisable, as it may be severaldayslbefore ,Jack Frost reaches thissection. Mr. Hillenmeyer regards thopresent wet spell advantageous inmore ways than one, as it preventsi the grasshopper rand Hessian fly getting in their work.Feld's Good Shoes.At David Feld's you get the bestvariety of shoes. 6 tfave aBucksThat mark on yournew stove or rangemeans the same stoveor range a lifetime.Worth considering,isn't it?10c a day or 1 a weekassures your ownershipof this life-long .companion.CLOTHES.old sugar barrels to get along with.Thorndike in Baltimore American-.Fireproofing Storage Yards.The grave danger eHcountered during the fire which destroyed the lum-."bet yard of the Bourbon Lumber Co.,on South Mam street recently hasprompted the Standard Oil Co. to fireproof its storage yard on Fourteenthstreet, adjoining the lumber yard, andin a few days the work of tearingaway the old frame building will begin. They will be replaced with structures of concrete and brick, which arecalculated to resist the most threatening conflagration.Never Out ol Work.The busiest little thins: pyer made1 are Dr. King's New Life Pills. Everypill is a sugar-coated glocule of healththat changes weakness into strength,languor into edevgy, brain fag intomental power; curing constipation,headace, chills dyspepsia, malaria.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Home AllRangeslfl H ir H EskXzKmQNever before have Paris- andand Bourbon county had a chanceto get a Range or Cook Stove atsuch low priceCook Stores $10.75Ranges $22.75 up to $70'i:vvTT-?4Mnjrra gf g.u. i "Mm u iMvmmKammmmmmmmimmmBmtmBmmmmttmiti0gIMPERFECT IN ORIGINAL!X V'Tyi"" ' j """ " i mi w i - n ll)tMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 13 1911fflfc BOUBBON NEWS.U$wJrkALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGfnsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODPORD.New Advertisements.Read the two large half page ads onpages 3 and 7 of this issue. Some rarebargains for shoppare.Photography.Mr. Core, the Cincinnati photographer, will be at the Elks building inParis, Octooer 12-16. 6 3tHogs Shipped.J. Elmer Boardman shipped Tuesdaynight to the Cincinnnati market 100head of hogs which averaged 200pounds and for which he paid an average of 55 cents per pound.New Pickles.New Shipment of fine sour pickles.Also the best Dill picles to be had.SAUER.Brick Work Completed.The contractors have completed thebricK woik on the new jail residenceand the work on the roof is now underway. The building, which 13 modern inevery particular will be ready for occupancy in a short time.Insure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Mules Shipped to the South.Caywood, & Thomason, of NorthMiddletown, this county, shipped onTuesday to G. W. Jordan, of Hawesville, Ga., eighteen mules which weresold at an average price or fcziz.ou perhead.Maple Sugar.Pure maple sugar just received.SAUER.Let Contract.C. S. Brent & Bro., of this city, haveawarded through Mr. J. H. Stewart,their lepresentative in that city, toHoward Ogden, a contract to erect acold storage plant in Carlisle on thepresent site of their turkey pens.Stated Convocation.There will be a stated convocationof Paris Chapter No. 15, Royal AichMasons, at .seven-thirty o'clock thisevening. Work in sevreal degrees.All members are requested to be present. Cattle Received Here.Mr. J. Elmer Boardman, of LittleRock, received in Paris Tuesday a carload of 850 pound cattle which he purchased on the Louisville markets. Mr.Jas. H. Thompson received two carbads of 1,040 pound" feeders whichwere bought in Louisvillp. They wereunloaded at the stock pens Tuesdayafternoon.McCiure & Clendenin writefire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.New Interurban Station.air. James Bottom, local agent fcrthe Central Kentucky Traction Co.,has received notice to disposed of theold house at the corner of High andFifth streets, which hasjbeen used fora station and to make preparations forthe immediate erection of a new commodious building.Blue Serge Suits for Boys.We are offering the "best values inheavy wnght blue serges, doublebreasted carts and bloomer pants everoffered at $6 and 37.50. It you want aserviceable suit for your bey ask us to ,show them.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Mother's Day.Today will be the first observance ofMother's Day at the Paris PublicSchools and it is the earnest requestof Prof. Geo. W. Chapman, buperintendent of the school, that all motherswho have children in the school isitthe rooms where their cildien a epuDils. An excel'e t program for theoccasion has been a-rangri.For Your Pickles.We lave the b st of spices andvinegar fur pickling.C. P. COOK & CO.Pig Feet.Fresh keg of pickled pig feet just received. SAUER.Injured by FallWhile engaged in repairing ihe roofcf one of tne cattle sheds at the plantof the Paris Distilling uo.t at thiscity, Claude Lowe, a camenter. fellfrom the structure and was painfullyinjured. In his descent he struck apiece of timber, and he was badlybruised abot the body. No bones werebroken.Bulk Oysters.Fresh Baltimore Bulk Oysters receive daily. Fresh fat stock. Michigan celety and cranbeiries.SAUER.Attending Deep Waterways Convention. Mr.Durand Whipple, of Little Rock,Ark., who has been visiting his wife,who is at the home uf her parents,Hon. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, in thiscily, left Wednesday for Chicago,where he goes to attend the DeepWat rways Convention in session inthat city Mr. Whipple is secretary oftl e delegsr'ion from Arkansas.PERSONAL MENTION.Mias Rachel Wiggins is visitingrelatives in Covington. 'J Judge Russell Mann is confinedhis home with a slight illnesR.to--Mrs. John Maik is criticallyillather home on Mt. Airy Avenue.Mrs C J. Daniels is dangerouslyill at her home in the country.Mrs. R. K. McCarney is improvingafter a slight illness of several days.Capt. Jas. David, of San Antonio,Texas, is visiting Mr. John Shropshire.Mr. John Wilder has returnedfrom a visit to relaties in Louisville.Mr., Richard Myall, of Chicago, isthe guest of his cousin, Mr. Wm. Myall. Mrs. Lawrence Vanhook is in Covington for an extended visit to relatives. Messrs. Geo. D. Speakes and L.D. Harris were in Berry on businessTuesiay.Mr. Cha?. V. Higgins is ill at h ishome near this city, threatened withtyphoid fever.Mr. June Payne, of Lebanon, Va.,is the guest of his brother, Mr. HumePayne, near Paris.Miss Sallie Ashbrook, of Cynthiana, is visiting Mrs. R. B. Hutchctafton Houston avenue.Miss May Monin, of Chicago, 111.,is the guest of her sister, Mrs. AliceSweeney, on Higgins avenue.'Mr. W. O. Kabler, who has beenvisiting his father. Mr. D. E. Kabler,in Mt. Olivet, has returned home.Miss Dorothy Talbott will entertain this afternoon in honor of MissNora Baldwin, an October bride-elect.Mrs. Hoffman Wood, of Mt. Sterling, is spending' the week with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Whaley,in tnis city.Mrs. Hannah Taylor entertainedTuesday with a family luncheon inhonor of Mr. and Mrs. James Chambers, of Cincinnati.Mayor J. T. Hinton, who last weeksuffered an attack of acute indigestion, and who has since been confinedto his home is improving.-?Miss Anita McNew, a student atBourbon College, spent several dayslast week with her parents, Judge andMrs. N. H. McNew, in Crtfsle.Miss Mattie Lilleston, who hasbeen here on a short visit to her mother, Mrs. S. Lilleston, on Higgins avenue, has returned to Barboursville. 'Mrs. Maria Lyons is visiting Mrs.Ethel Lyons in Louisville. She willbeaccompanied home by her granddaughter, little Miss Mary Frances Lyons.Mr. James McDonald, of KansasCity, Mo., who has been the guest ofMr. John McClintock for several days,left yesterday for Mt. Sterling for avisit.Mr. "and Mrs. Robt. L. Frank,have taken board for the winter withMrs. Frank's mother, Mrs. Calla Keller, on Fourth street. Mr. and MrsFrank have stored their householdfurniture.Mrs. Clyde Keller and Miss Rebecca Dochrer left Tuesday for Texas, 'theformer to visit her aunt, Mrs. ArthurNewsuro, at Dallas, while the latterwill spend the winter with relatives inSherman, Texas.Mr. and Mrs. Keen Lutes, who forseveral years have been residents ofParis, left Tuesday for Indianapolis,where they will reside permanently.Mr Lutes has accepted a lucrative position in that city.Mrs. Frank Bums, who has beensuffe ing from an attack of typhoid lever, is improving. Mrs. Burns has beenmoved from Henry Addition to thehome of her mother, Mrs. West, inThornton Division.Mr. Willie Grosche will .leave nextw eek for Montgomery Ala., where hewill locate. He will be associated inhusiness with his father, Mr. C. Grose he, who has just opened up a swellt akery in that city.Little Miss Margaret McGinley,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry McGinley, was taken to the St. JosephHospital in Lexington Wednesdaymorning where she underwent an operation for adnoids and an affection ofthe neck.Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin andMr. Ernest Martin, of this city, andMis. Russell Dvche, of London, whoj-.as been a guest at their home forseveral days, attended the funeral oftheir grandmother, Mrs. M. C. Napier,which took place at Crab Orchard yesterday afternoon.Mrs. Jos. M. Rion returned Wednesday after a visit of four months toher daughter, Mrs. Wm. McPhearson,at White Fish, Montana, and son, Dr.Houston Rion, in Seattle, Wash. Enroute home Mrs. Rion stopped off fora short visit to relatives m Chicago,and Vevay, Ind. In honor of her homecoming Wednesday evening Mr. Houston Rion entertained a number with asix o'clock dinner. Those presentwere: Mrs. Georgia Wright. Mis.Rebecca Gass, Denver, Col. MissesNannie Brent and Clara Belle O'Neal,Corinne Colilns and the Messrs. Farley. The ladies of the Baptist churchgave a china reception Tuesday afternoon in the church's parlor, from 2 until 5 o'clock, tthe object of which wasto furnish the dining room of the newchurch with dishes, and the result wasvery'g-atifying to the ladies ot thechuich. A large number responded totne bnnounceuient and each took anarticle of class or chinaware. MissesFiances Johnson and Bttsv keyrendered several h$a"tiful selectionson the pipe organ, while Mrs. AmosTurney. Jr., and Mrs Wal.er Glaikesang a duet which was heartily enjoyed. Coffee and sandwiches were served. Medium Weight OVercoats ?orMeu.Just the thing for Bight now wear.Moderately priced $10. tqJBSO.J. W. DAVI3 & CO.Baptist Revival.The Baptists of this city have planned a big revival meeting commencingSunday night, October 15 and continuing for a period of two weeks. Themeetings will be conducted by the pastor of the church, Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, and great good is expected byreason of his earnest co-operation.During the revival there will be meetings held each afternoon at the hourof 2:30 o'clock for the purpose ofBible study, the subject selected being"Prayer and Prayer Life." Thesemeetings are especially arranged forthe business man and last but onehour but the public in general are earnestly requested to attend. The nightservices will commence at 7:30 o'clockwith a song service preceding the sermon of the evenincr. A numhpr nfvocalists of splendid ability havevolunteered their services for thesemeetings snd, all in all, a stirring revival will Jbe had. The membershipcan only make'these meetings a success by their faithful attendince andco-operation with the pastor.Davenport Sale.See J. T. Hinton's display advertisement of special dav.enport sale. Thisis your time to make a big saving.Fresh Bulk Oysters.We receive daily dircet from Baltimore fresh bulk oysters, the finest youever saw.JAS. E. CRAVEN.Sold Stock.Bennie Weissberg, who for severalmonths has been conducting a clothingstorejn.this.city, has disposed of hisentire stock of clothing to Georgetownparties, who werehere yesterday shipping goods to that city. Mr. Weissberg will about the first of Novemberopen a saloon in the stcreroom of theSinger building.Fresh Salmon.I We will have for today androw fine fresh caught salmon.tomorPhone us your order.T. LENIHAtt.Upto Date Billiard Hall.Follow theHard Hall.crowds toMann's Bil15 tfLOST.On streets of Paris Thursday afternoon Masonic pin; square and compasr.Possibly on Second or Main to Sixthstreet. Finder return to undersignedand receive reward.13 3t DR. A. H. KELLER.Season's Theatrical fvent.PARIS GRAND,MONDAY NIGHT, OCT. 16.The Greatest Success in Years,HUMANHEARTS," An Idyl of Arkansas Hills,"Presented bv an all-star MetropolitanCast, including MR. LEN. DELMAR,the Effervescent Tramp. Replete withsparkling comedy, thrilling situationssterling climaxes.Seats on sale at Mitchell & Blakemore's. Prices, 25, 35, 50 and 75c.Don't forgetthe date.THEFAIR!Everything Just AsAdvertised.Have you seen our new line ofgoods. Everything bran new, and the ilowest prices ever put on hrst-classmerchandise.Remember We Save You Money.Slop Jars, made of heavy steel witha tripple coat of pure white enamel,heavy bail handle and tight fittingcover, worth 1.50, at special 95cWhite Willow Clothes Baskets, largefamily size 59a . .98c Ironing Boards 57c.Wash Boards, 25c grade, at 10c.Salt Boxes 5c.Fire-proof Cooking Vessels each 5c.Meat Platters each 7c.AH On Sale Friday.THE FAIR.Administrator's Notice.2TA11 persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.W. W. Massie, ate requested to calland settle at once.Those having claims against theestate will please present same properly proven according to law for payment to the undersigned.JAMES McCLURE, Administrator10 lm of Mrs W. W. Massie.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightnjng. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 , , Agent.An Interesting Conversation.An interesting . conversation wasoverheard the other day by a Newsman who happened to be in Boardman's livery stable at the time.Trim 'Samuels, a porter at thisorn.ee, who is quite a character aroundtown, and Mr. Boardman were theprincipals of the confab. It went .asfollows:Mr. B. Thought I told you ttT stayaway from here nigger. What dyou want anyhow?J "Trim" Plaese sah. Mr. BoardmanI wnts to get credit for a hoss andbuggy to go to a cullud gemman'sfuneral in Rucerville.M U X1.il .... m . ...... x. iNotning aoing lnm. who'sdead anyhow?"Trim" -Don't know who he is butI just feel like I want to patronize acorpse today.Town Lots.Z Wewill sell two most desirable townlots belonging to the Ranson Heirs onTuesday, October 24, to the highestbidder at 2 o'clock on that day. Theselots are 55x200 and are on the Westside of Main street between Fifteenthand, Sixteenth streets. Excellent building lots. Go sae them today.VICTORGTROLflLatest ModelsVictrola IV ..$ 1 5.00Victrola VIII 40.00Victrola IX " 50 00SEE SHOW WINDOW.DAUGBERTY BROS.vDAVENPORT SALENOW GOING ONAnd Willm ' , wnTnTnTffufi'i"ffirViVi"i''T'ri" rr i rr 7iTT'li",'''n w',WMIfc"iZ. f HThe Terms Will be Cash.Our Showings Include the Following Lines:The Sfcreit, The Pullman, The Owen Gaveno,The Kinder, The Sheboygan and others.jThis is an Opportunity of a Life-time.These Prices are for the time stated, and for that time only. Nothing butNew Goods. Why pay more?J, T.IThese Are Opening Days With Us.Our line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and bestselected in the history of our business, and consists.of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets.Dress Goods.The new -Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins,?&c.Velvets For Suits and Dresses. " " jWhite Corduroy, the Novelty.Our Silks, are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings -The largest in this part of the State.W. EdiWE ARE READY FOR YOUIFee's CashFor Friday andPOTATOESEarly Fancy,INorthernStock-Our Price per pk 30SOAP8 Bars for 25cOne Box of 100 BarsOnly $2.85FLOURFairy Brand, Patent Flour24-Ib, Sack 65cIFEE'SLContinue ThroughoutThe Week.II3SrT03SrTucker IJI!1ry -gJlCUdlNSaturday OnlyMEALBest Grade-Corn MealOur Price per pk 25cSUGAR. Best Granulated1 3 lbs. forSTARCH 4-Argo Brand'3 Five Cent Boxes-AiThe Prices WillBeAnd Will Surprise Youoa8i4HfttaVf4n1t&5PI1?!i-.?1'nvMIftjrrijc.flMPERFECT IN ORIGINialJ'ffOiyH" piiiM."Mit-"1' m ifjyf' numi 'iw'jji"W'yt 'THE, BOURBON, NEWS,, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 13 9ll"SOjiiHi;3r14?4Ii5If,inI1I! f!snfh-MJii;iiillf:FREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLE: v. :One of the most remarkable proofsof the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersre received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men andvomen of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constipation anjlbowel trouble in old people if has noegual. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. People. advancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. CaldweirsSyrup Pepsin. You can prolong yourlife by healthy bowel action. Cloggedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled 'to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters.ofDr. Qaldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. GfZorn qf New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home," Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a. free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor.Address him Dr. W. R. Caldwell,402 CaldweU building, Mbnticello, 111.TWIN BBQS.,Liotmng ueparpnencWe Are Now Showing Our (Complete, Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hats and Furnishing Goods. ,At $15 we,brown Suits in theare showinga nobby line of newfamous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.LainBrand and Ohults Shirts At 1 and $1.50. tWB.Douglas &Co. Shoes. at;2.50, 3, $3.50j an& $4 4j French's fine hand-hame Shoes fo : men specialat $4.j Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 best in the world.' We are showing a full line of Trunks, Suit Casesj and Traveling Bags..,. Twin BrosLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department, N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10,' 1911. AjD 11j59 P. M.C3429&-10037312332625913838539308321431ISo.8442974010137373313362625i .Trains Arrivep.FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily ". 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 amGynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.- & .. 7.85 amMaysville, Ky., Daily 'Except Sunday. . . L .-. .S.. . . . ... S 7.38 "amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .r .$?.. v. jf. ". ... 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily . . &. . .? .- 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday j :...."." 10.05 amLexington, Ky,, Daily.: . . ....,. .10.02 amCincinnati, O., Daily ! .. . 10. 18 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ?. . t 11.50'amGynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pniMaysviue, Ly., jjauy Jixcepc aunaay 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily .r - 3.22 pmiinoxviiieMaysville ;Knoxville, Tenm. Daily .f !. 3.25 pmmaysviue, iy., uaiiy a. b.25 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 rmLexington, Ky., DailyLouisville & Frankfort, Daily ExceptJacksonville, J? la.. Daily'. 6 12 mnSunday . 6.01 am6 17 DmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 pmCincinnati, O., Daily... 4......- : 10:45 pmTrains 3Depa,rtTO -Cincinnati. O., Daily , ' 5.2s amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am.Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.43 amuuuuuuaui, Kj.f ua.uy jiixutspD ounaay b.Jsu am.f:r: :...8.20 am. i -,. w .. . . . .iui (MixamamamMaysville, K., Daily ...., 11.52 amCy nthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday -. .' 11.54 am.uexuiKLuu, Jtvy.,, uiiiy Jixcepu ounaay u o.ou pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.iSexingtort; Ky., "Dailyi.7 i . . .Knoxville, Tenn., Daily r. . .A... . .v 9.55Jacksonville, Fla., Daily .y ..?.'.;. c :. . . .10.18Lexington, Ky., Daily ...'... .... .". 10.219393281330311338 Cincinnati. 0., Daily.3.4q pmRowland. KV.. Dailv Excent Sundav 5 4s nmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday -v. 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily ....... 6.22 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .., . 6.25 pmLexington. Ky.. Dailj :4. .- . 6.25 pmGynthiana, Ky,, Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pmLexuigb-'ii, K., DHily ...,.".; ., : 10.53 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily ...... 10.55 pmE db C3- TTTTTTTiM'T' A TT -IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.1-T-rsiirLS -A-ricrvIKWH"o. - FROM2 Frankfort, Kv.. Dailv Except Suiula -8.134 Frankfort, Ky. , l)ai!y E cept Si.ntl.iy ...:... .t 3 40 pmLquisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only . . .-v10. 00 pmam1TCrsbins IDeDrt 4JCTo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only v. 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday. .f. k?. . .. .". 4 .7.43 ami r &nKior&, Jvy., uaiiy except ounaay g.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.55 amt- ' t t t ' . f " 1 .WOMENKOTID5 . i -Q FATt 1I Chicago Experts Pdoh-Pooh NewYork. Pessimist's Views.Women Here Are Slender and As toGotham, Saya One, Dressmaker, ,They May Be Fleshy, but Another Doubts It.Chicago. "Wby are there so many".fat women?" Quotation from a NewYork dispatch in a morning newspaper. '' "There are not!" Answer of Chicago experts on the -figure feminine.Some little old New Yorker, withhis Broadwise eyes, has been makingobservations In the eastern city, buthis "profound dismay" at 'what hecalls "the alarming corpulence of ourmiddle aged women" finds no sympathetic echo in Chicago. A reporter'visited half a doen corset dealers andfitters and found them agreed thatthe Chicago woman, at least, retainsher slim, graceful figure."I admit that the New York womanis a little prone to stoutness," saidMiss A. M. Nichols, manager of a largedowntown corset shop, "but the Chicago woman still has the loose, athletic lines, so much admired and desired." The New York dispatch deploresthat women "waddle ponderously" atthirty-five, a condition,' reached byovereating and drinking. The averageweight New York figures is 165pounds and suit sizes a 38 bust and24 waist"The average Chicago woman weighsunder 150 pounds,'1 continued MissNichols. "She wears a 36 bust and a24 waist. That has been my experience, and If handle all sorts and classes of women."How does she do it? Why, by taking care of herself. For Instance, shedoes not overeat. She has a practicaldiet, which everybody should have.She 'does not eat at all hours of thenight. She exercises systematicallythat is, when she Is advised to exercise to keep in condition she' does notgo violently pell-mell at it. She usescommon sense.. "Then our leisure class Is a leisureclass In name only. No women takebetter care of themselves than Chicago society women. However, theappreciation of the luxurious never develops into a mad chase. It is tempered with right living. " As far as,getting old and 'matronly' at thirtyfive is considered well, she justdon't.'"This New York man says he hascounted four stout women to everystout man. Just go out on the streetany time and make observation andsee Jaow far from fitting .the Chicagocondition that New York observationcomes." 'Miss Anna Snyder, manager of another shop and an expert fitter,laughed when she read the dispatch."Isn't t that' Just Jlke avman?" she,smiled. "Why with modern facing' itis beyond any poor man to tell whether a woman is stout or slender. Corseting has become such a science thatwomen strike a more symmetricalaverage. t"Another sapient remark by thismale person is that the American woman cannot wear a hobble skirt because her hips are too broad. ThatNew York man certainly should takea trip outside of his city. Why, thehobble was made for the slender linesof the Chicago feminine figure.""Well, I just returned from NewYork," said Mme. Jeanne, at the headof another establishment, "and whilethe New York woman has made a finestart toward ruining her figure withimmoderate eating and drinking, Ifear she is not so far past redemptionas the New York man would have usthink. Perhaps he has a preferencefor the splender type and one or twostout women seen one right after theother sent him off in a panic."At any rate, we need not worryover Miss Chicago becoming stout.She knows how to care for herself andis acquainted with the fact that moderation in living means moderation infigure. That is' why the 'Chicago person is often surprised to hear visitorscomment on the general T)eauty of thewomen of the city. To him it nas become so common that he does iorealize the fairness of the city untilhe has himself been on a visit." 0BloodUn.1 zzrwzMLMErLoosens the phlegmimmediately and. permanently, cures &Coueh. CrouD. Whoon-inr Cough and all Throat and LungAffedtions. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 60c and 11.00 a bottle.Krs.J4rrltte Wells AllfeH.GaffaAv.-S.r. vcI ktve W EroncMtis for about twesty years andMs the rs4 seikitie that has dene ne awch food:'HMHMIMMMMMnMaHW..T. Brooks, Agent.Historic Retributions.Haman devised Ja' gallows 50 cubitshigh for Mordecai in the days of KingAhasuerus. But on this towering gibbet Haman himself was hanged. Thebishop of Verdun contrived an Ironcage, too small to allow a person confined within it 'either to stand uprightor to lie at full-length, for the tortureof heretics. The bishop of Verdun himself was the first victim to suffer suhPa cage. . - t I ' " 'Buffalo Gnat Pellagra Cause.Lexington, Ky. The buffalo gnathas been fixed upon by Henry Garman, a government bacteriologist andentomologist, as the cause of -the mysterious disease pellagra, which has"been spreading in the mountain regions of Kentucky. Mr.-Garman hasbeen conducting , investigations intothe cause of the disease in Whitleycounty, aided by Dr. Grim, a government expert - " IHow the gnat communicates thedisease fs not known, but1 both scientists believe they are on the righttrack and eventually twill find a curefor. the disease. -The buffalo gnat exists in great numbers throughout thesouth.Students on the Gain.Berlin. Recording, to, - .figures , iistpublished, the proportion of German'students studying at the German universities this summer underwent afurther 'increase. At alL the amiversitie there were 67,230 students, ofwhom 4.&19 -were foreigners. This Isequal to 7.9 per cent, of the whole?against 7.6 pr cent.t20 yaars ago. Offoreign countries Russia sent by farttkm larajeat number, 2,040. .Therewere 292, Americans, against 299 lastWTic,1771?)J? ,i ?xInternational GasolineENGINESJ"V.Vvc C a.- r - ?:NBBsl 'f VJf :-All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.6HTPBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. ' To prove it we will send yon aS AMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dange.rous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, Ml s ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanijby, . Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Boaric Blond Balm (B, B B.)It is a cjuick, radical, permanentcure ibecause itrids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B.t B. B.)purines ther blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. Bf $. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal noison, giving warmth andstrencrth inst where it; is needed, andin teis way makingtaperfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its' forms,druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for ikme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.mFree Exhibition; We Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies' Suits, and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department,, Blanket and Comfort Now Complete. KindlyCall atPUBLIC SALEOF-TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyjSTOCK, IMPLEMENTS ANDHOUSEHOLD GOODS,.Having rrnted ray farm and concluded to quit farming, I will sell on thepremises, 5 miles from Paris onRcdmon pike, beginning at the hour often o'clock a. m, onWednesday, October 1 8, 1 91 1al, -my stock, crop and farming utensils, household and: kitchen furniture,etc i1 pair Percheron mares,5 and 6 yearsold, goodjworkers, in foal.X pair extra mare mules, 4 and 5years old. , ,1 pair mare mulus.1 sorrel horse."1 Gambetta' Wilkes maref pedigreefurnished at sale, in foal to BaronRhythmic. ,1 yearling l?lack filly, out of Gambetta Wilkes mare ny Locanda.Also suckling colt;at aide of Gambetta Wikes mare by Locanda.1 ctiv vpnr nld crood road horse.1 five year old gelding, good family jhorse.3 No. 1 Jersey milk cows.1 yearling Jersey heifer to calvesoon.1 good steer calf. ;35 good breeding ewes2 No. 1 Southdown bucks, v -56fat hogs. f7 brood sows with pigs and to pig ;13 good stock shcats ;2 two-horse wagons, j ry2 binders,, gopd qs new'.2 new Avery riding cultivators.1 No. 1 Deering mower.1 Randall harrow. '2 breaking pows. , -1 good two-horse slide.1 brand new scalding trough.U gucd cider mill.1 No. 1 drag. - K1 No 1 Black Hawk corn planter.2 No, 1 sets wagon harness.25 acres of corn and ,Iot of timothyand cloyer bay in barn.tAll kinds of farming implements andcamenter's tools., etc . loo numerousto-mention. t . ,jl parlor set.3 bed rom ets. .35 Bronze turkeys :rU'nvJ150 chickens all kinds. . .t t , ,'ffERMS Made knoVxT' on "day ofsale ;H. O. JAMES, Agent.jGeo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer. nAlso at the same time and place, 1wnTren24acres of grass landiuntilfPUBLIC SALE.OP A.Desirable City Residence.ON TUESDAY,OCT. IT, 1911.highest bidder, my resi-at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, I will sell to thed-nee situated on Stoner avenue, in Pari3, Kv.U.he residence i? a two-story frame buifding of seven rooms, hall two'porches, large pantry, bath and good dry qellar. It is wirejd for electricity andgas, has water in houe and a splendid cistern at door.Lot is 76 feet f rontj 78 feet, mor,e or less, in rear, by 183 feet to an alleyIt has concrete walks, shade trees, good stable and large gardenThis is a very desirable and convenient home, on a nice residence streetclose to the business part of town being only V2 blocks from the courthouse. -s 1 'TERMS One-third cash; balance 'in two equal payments, in one andi two .- ,)years,. with interest. . t i , , e-o $MRS. W. A. JOHNSON. !GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris &take pleasure in showing the .property.Speakes, Paris, Ky., who. wihlOWir;uCITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Handsfor Collection.Office First National Bank.BlooiUn Ttchingand BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Bheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Falling-Hair."Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.MISS JESSIE BROWN-' Art EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716. -$-IfIhStamps Moore1City CollectorJlnnkLangbornManicuring "35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents. :Work done promptly ,and safcisfactioist-. . ., v . t r guaranteed. V' ,-augl6tfJ "Ea&t.Tenn. Phoe4-KtVIV3 $k &SVJS'Eiftn 1 or 15' 1912-' ' ii iiiiiiSiiMMiiMmhwmuBiBMalfji-j.IMPERFECT IN ORIGINAJft-"-rv a " " i nj t t- f Si-.THE. BOURBON tNEWS,t JARIS, .KENTUCKY OCT. 13, 1911.We will sacrifice our entire$10,600 Stock of up-to-datefall and Winter goodsto the people of Paris andvicinity.Everything for 'Less Than Actual Costof MaterialsSale Begins.SATURDAY, OCT.14The backward season forces us to make thisSacrifice Sale at this season of the year whileother merchants are reaping the Fall profits.We mention only a few of the great bargains:CINCINNATI STORE11ar -"sAJk ; "X v---"' ' S5. - "'ill i "' . N i ' " -. ' t ' , '. - . : l - . ss?fla h m hh : . . h h sh H' ' &. .mm. m mmm i ; '. 'Vv AW K. Bl H BBl . 0H BP 1'iB .MM V, Bl B SB) Bl BBBBi : a h k u IV i mi" v u i v1BBVB.S1 BkBI Bl Bl BM Bfl BB BB1 BB1 K MB BB BBB1 B HBBBBl Bl IBBlWHHWBlBl. HHIalHIII AH b bBbIB B BBBB SBBBHH I iBAY GOODS.Calicoes anq prints, per yard ji 4cApion Ginghams, per yard f. 5cDress Ginghams, 12)4 and 15c values set 8 1-ScOutiag Flannels, 8 l-3c value at 634cHeavy Unbleached Muslin (yard wide)VAc value, per yard 5cTable Oil Cloth, best quality, at 15cAll Linen Table Damask, 40c value at.22cAll Linen Toweling, per yard 5cCurtain Swisses and Draperies, 15c val-'ues, per yard 8 l-3cQUILTS, SHEETS, PILLO CASESBleached Sheets, linen finish, 72x90 at-37KcPillow Cases, 42x36, 15c value at- 9cWhite Marseilles Quilts at 69cLADIES' UNDERWEAR.Muslin and Flannellette Gowns, 75c values at 42KcCorset Covers at 19cMuslin Drawers, tucked 15cLadies' Fleeced and Fine Ribbed UnionSuits, 75c values at 1 42J4cLadies' Ribbed Vests and Pants,' creamor white, 35c values at 22)cChildren's Union Suits at 19cCOMFORTS AND BLANKETS.White, grey and tan Cotton Blankets,10-4 size, each 24Woolen Blankets, $5.00 values at--- $2.951.00 Comforts at I .... -'.... -7Sc' 1.25 Comforts at .89c2.00 Comforts at ..:-- $1.24LADIES' AN& CHILDREN'S CLOAKSLadies' Cloaks in colors and fancy stripes$5.00 to 810.00 values at -SI. 98' to $2.98Ladies' Lone: Plush Cloaks, with the newstyle big collars, $15 values at ..$6.75Children's Bear Skin and Cloth LongQoaks, $2, $3, $4 and $5 valuesat 98c, 31.49, $1.98,, $2.48Infants' Long White Cloaks at 98cLADIES' SUITS AND SKIRTS.Ladies' Suits, latest styles, $10 and $12values, at $4.98 and $5.98'A few Eton Suits, sold up to $10, yourchoice .. , $1.98Ladies''Fine Voile Skirts, trimmed with- silk, plaited, our $3.98 values at.. ..$1.98Genuine Altman Voile Skirts, $12.50 and$15 values at $6.98LADIES' AND CHILDRENS SHOES.'Ladies' Shoes in Patent Colts, Velvets,Vici and Gun Metal, $3 values at--$1.98Our $2.50 Shoes at .,. 1.49Our $1.50 Shoes at.... .., 98Boys' and Girls's School Shoes$2.00 values for - 1:451.50 values for .. i .98'.75valuesfor .49MILLINERY.Ladies' Ready-to-Wear and Trimmed Hats '$2 and $3 Hats at 75c and 98c$4 and$5 Trimmed Hats $1.98 and $2.98Children's Hats $2 and $3 values, 98c, $1.69Others at- 25c and 49cCLOTHING.Men's $10 Suits and Overcoats at $4.98$7.50 Suits at 3.48Yung Men's $7 and $S Suits at... 3.96Boys' S5 Suits at ... ; 2.74.Boys' $2.50 and S3 Suits at-..---.. .. 1.49Mens'and Boys' Odd Coats at .50Knee Pants, 35c values at -.-- f. .1950c values at 4 .3575c values at ..:.... ."45$1.00 values at ...1 .. '....;.. .651.50 values at . .89MEN'S. ONliERWCAR.-Heavy Fleece Lined Shirts and Drawers,50c values per garment 35c75c values for , .. 45cFine ribbed Shirts or Drawers, 7Cc values 45c50c values for ." i 25cFine ribbed Union Silts, $1.25 yahns at- 89cv HOSIERY.Ladies' black and tan Hose, 15c values. 7cFancy 20. and 25c values at 12jcSox, all colors,, 15c values at . . 7cChildren's Hose, 123 and 15c values at- 7'McLadies' Silk Hose, 75c values .at 37jcSilk So:-:, 50c values at ., 25cLADIES' WAISTS AND KIMONAS.Taifeta Silk Waists in black or white$3.00 values at :.. $1.745.00 values at --'-,- 2.49Tailor-made Waists, $1.50 values for. .8975c Waists for.' .38FlanneHette Kinlonas .50e values for -- .3575c values for .45Percale and Flannellette Wrappers '$1.00 and 1$5 values at- 49c and 69cPETTICOATS.Silk Petticoots, $5 values at.. $2.98Petticoats worth 7oc at . .39Petticoats worth $1.50 at .79Petticoats worth$2.00 at .95COLLARS AND TIES.loc Collars-at --- 7c50c Ties at... ..: ' - 2oc35c Ties at ! 1" 20c25c Xies at 15C10c Wash Ties at! . I. 5cMEN'S SHOES.Our $4.50 Custom-made Shoes at $2.98Our Western and Boss of the Road $3.50and $4.00 SJioes at 2.74Our $3.00 Shoes at 1.98Our 2.50 Shoes at --.-- 1.74Our 2.00 Shoes at 1.24$1.50 Suit Cases at . ...$ .792.00 Suit Cases at i ,. 1.24$1.50 Umbrellas-' at 89c1.00 Umbrellas at .i'.'r-'---i-i' 59c.75 Umbrellas at , .44c.50 Children?s Umbrellas at ; 29cThousands of other things too numerous, tomention. ' , . 'THE CINGISTOREB. Friedman, Prop, ggSfSSgSStFik. 417 Main St., Paris, Ky,"AND FRIGHTENED MISS MUFFET AWAY.".. v ...frJgfrkvWfaO) l! " Jr" !& f "": " -ill i AWW JMVTTfir WW l I '"XC W' imMBmzmi m' i: i&v LzZri immam uw Nii-f. ifc 'Zassmin umi 'Jevt "v n---IEJIIIlIt? 'T,"' Ll-'- 'MaC. y& ."!X JV .. S. .1KarASsgHLI JP &nMMCm"3UiMMk im': . " MS S '",UCw" 4:r ,i . it j 3 ,V h ,r. 1fcl'ftllm 1 'p iii 1 1Mli-L - .-5c 0 1 ll .7s. C" .J-F:lCiSDe Mar in Philadelphia Record.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And Return. ,VIASunday, Oct. 15, '11Frft $I5fl MtannA Trin.l Newspaper Agency. .Special train leaves jPafns 7:50 as m prices on all MagazinesNOTICE.1 i. .-, 5 , ' 7 1To whom it may concern: I will onor after October 3, 1911, make an amplication ty thaState Board of PrisonCommissioners of Krankfort, Ky., fora paiole for Wat. Stafford, now confined in the penitentiary at Frankfort,Ky., having been- convicted , in theBourbon Circuit Court' for wilfully andmaliciously cutting another personwithout killing said person.3t wy , , WAT. STAFFORD,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St!station y p. m.Excursion tickets good only onsrcial train in both, directions.For farther information appy to-W, H. HA-RRIS; Agent,or -N. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends and floinePeople:: r t : .I have started a Magazine and- Lowest"dn circulation. I ask for vour ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,. j, Mrs, RosaVWaflingford.are theTwo Great Creatorsof EnergyEnergy means powerpower to work, to think,to throw off and keepoff disease.Get all the sunshineyou can, and takeoff's Emulsionregularly. t will giveyou strength, flesk and,vitality.Be sure to get' SCOTT'Sits the Standard and alwaysthe best.1 AM, RUG GISTS- I1 li-19 JBlind Man Invents Musical InstrumentAn exhibition of a new inventionrwill be given this afternoon at thereading room and library for the blindby Joseph Gannon, a man who is bund.The invention is a new harp wtth.vioUin attached, and the strinss of bothvare set on the same board, which isabove instead of hlow. as in ordinaryharps. San Francisco Call.Tippling Must Cease.I One of the must ambitious attemptsever made by a government to copewith the problem of habitual drunkenness was begun, in New York StateOctober 1, when a'new law establishedthe board of inebrity. Isolation ofdrunkards under, the supervision of experts is the core of tne, idea, put planshave been worked out also for the reform of thoe who have proved unableto escape the habit without pbulic aid.The board of inebrity consists oftwo clergymen, two physicians and aretired merchant with the commissioners of charities and of correction members ex-ofiities. They serve withoutpay. v4 Under the law when a citizen cfIjJew York offends the first time hewill be sent tto a reception hospitaland treated. Later he will be releasedbut placed in charge of a nrnhatinn.officer. A second offense will laad tosentence to a big tfarrn w,hich theboard will establish. Sentences wi 1run from one to three years or untilthe patient is regarded as safe fromj temptation.Parcels Post Not Far Off.Penny postage for letters in theUnited States is hut a few yearsaway, according to Dr. P. C. Grandfield, Fir3t Assistant PostmasterGeneral. A parcels fpost throughoutthe nation isn't far off either, for, hesaid in an address before the membersof the Association of Kentucky Postmasters in Louisville, the departmentalready has made a step in that diftcfion in the reclassification and newmethods of handling second class mailmatter. While the establishment ofsuch a parcels; post would requirematerial changes and the taking overof express companies, still the Government is already well equipped, throughits rural routes to go ahead, he declared. I)r. Grandfield's speech was the opening one of the second day ot thesixth annual convention of the postmasters, and was listened to with unusual interest, the ofikial bearing personal greetings from Postmaster General Hitchcock, and touching on vitaltopics in the work ot the departmentespecially as it concerns the smalleroffices. The address was followed by ageneral discussion, a brief speech bySenator Bradley and the election ofofficers in the afternoon, immediatelybefore adjournment. Thirty-threemembers attended.The officers chosen were President,W C. Balee, of Guthrie ; first vicepresent, George Wilhelra, of Newport; second vice president, George L.Barnes, of Frankfort; secretary, J. P.Spill man. of Harrodsburg ; treasurer,George W. Hutcheson, of Lawrenceburg. The naming of the ExecutiveCommittee was left to the president.The time and place of the next meeting of the association will be decidedupon later. .BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B.Testeti for30 years.RHEUMATISMCured by the Marvel' of theCentury, B.- B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpore Botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles., difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take- Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B, 'sends a rich, tingling flood of warm, !rich pure bloocf direct tothe para'yz- jed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength iusfc where it is ., needed, and in this way making apenect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othe.imedicines, liniments and doctors!have failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bot-1tie, with ilijeptions for home cure, jS uniTJiD s:nt free by writing Blood1. n d Atlanta, Ga. Describey:ni trcuu'c and free medical advicegi.vn. .-ci:l ky Varden & Son.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showing'A moderately priced one, too.If 'you are looking for "The'yHat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson BaircLDrives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without .deadlymercury, with $ure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we wilL send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All syrnpthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the woistcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, -Ga. Describe, vour trouble1 and 'tree medical " advice given.som oy varden & Son.Deafness Cannot be Curedby local applications as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninnameaconaition 01 tne mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is. inflampd vnn hnvA n rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, and jwxicu. io ja cuiureiy uioaeu aeainess isthe result, and unless j:he inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever :nine cases out of ten are caused by ;catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of the , mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused - bycatarrh) that cannol be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free. F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constid-rriluargoien s.-jNOTICE.To Whom it May Concern:, jNotice is hereby given that the urdersigned cenvicted in the BourbonCircuit Court of detaining a womanacainst her roilltanr nnce onnfinaH inUhe,penitentiary at Frankfort, iffill enor alter uctoher l& apply to the StateBuard of Prison Commissioners for aparole.DAVE JANUARY.TEeBest of; fJBome-KilledA' Meats,. .Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,mmParis, Ky.JIN3;i1-t!,v8-J'.v"V.Msmstmm "" ytTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, , .KENTUCKY, OCT, 13, 1911.?HmjmniAm ""-jT-vHi4Rr?;- if J-a'IMltil':fl4Thrift is a Bulworkof Strengthnot only for the present, but forthe future. To get tho full benefitof thrift you must necessarily makethe resurts work, for you to thefullest extent.Consistent with safety and conservation you can buy stocks andbonds on the partial payment planyou may buy securities, the income from which will more thancover the interest on the deferredpayments.Northern Ohio Traction &Light Company is a public service corporation, serving agrowing, prosperous territory.Population increased 48 percent. ,In the last ten years.The preferred stock pays 6per cen company earms tentiaiesfthis dividend more thandoublfe the interest on theirbonds and dividend ou commonstock. Stock is tax exempt inOhio, JTew York and Connecticut. Increase in net earningslor first seven months, 1911,over same period last yearover $69,000.Oar booklet "Opportunity" willbe of interest to the small investorand heWiho wants to save.Send for free request.W. E. Hutton & Co.First Nat-. Bank Bldg., Cincinnati,Wall & Broad Streets, New York.MembersNew York Stock Exchange, New York Cotton ExchangeChicago Board of TradeCincinnati Stock ExchangeWe also execute orders in Cotton,Grain and Provisions.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tf- FirstCIass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a poisition at Cabal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in fshott space of time. Hot a nd coldnbths and pnlite attendants to wait ontntir patrcns. tfI!Ne w Fall Footwear.Q r fTtjTvie; J3eautv' uomrort u rice.Are All Combined in Our Showing of Smart Fall ShoesFor Men, Women and Children,If you are contemplating the purchase of Fall Shoes, 'you should come and seeour great assortment of new Fall styles. Every new style feature is shown in thissp!endid collection. Every style we show is the product of manufacturers of rep-iUtation who are in a position to produce footwear made of high-class material ina superior manner Better Sihoes For Less MoneySome Right Good Valaes Especiall PricedFor This Week :Ladies' smart sixteenbutton Trooper Bo6ts infine Patent Colt and GunMetal with or withoutcuffs. The favorite stylefor this Fall, worth $3.40Special atS2.49We are now ready with a magnificent line of the worldfamous Walk-Over make. The best money can buy.DAN COHEN336 Main StreetMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs R. S. Sanders and Mrs. E. M.Neal are improving.Mr. T. T. Bentley was in Mt. Oliveton business Wednesday.Mrs. C. M. Best was in Lexingtonon business Wednesday.The infant of Mr. and Mrs. JulianMcClintock is quite Fick.Mrs Bruce McMshan,, who htsbeen quite sick is improving.Mr. Hook cf Minerva, is the guestof his daughter, Mrs. J. A. Butler.Mrs. J. C. Leer will leave Mondayfor a twe weeks' scjour.i at Martinsville, Ind.Mrs. Martha Vimont left Thursdayfr a few days' visit to her daughter,Mrs. W. A. Murazing, at Maysville.Mr. J. A. Butler IeSt Tuesday as adelegate to the Synod of the SouthernPresbyterian church at Bowling Green.He returns today.Miss Belle Taylor Judy returnedTuesday after a week's wist to heruncle and aunt, Dr. and Mrs. G. D.Judy, at Lexington.Mrs. Dan Miller who has been theguest of her mother Mrs. M. E. Martin for several weeks left Monday forher heme at Keokuk, la.Dr. and Mrs. 1. D. Best and littledaughter Katherine were guests Sunday of his mother and sister Mrs. Sallie Best and daughter Miss NannieLouise.Miss Minnie May Henson entertained a few of her friends Tuesday evening at the home of her sister. Mrs 0.M. Thomas. Miss Maria Smi'h leftTuebday for a week's visit to relativesat Pari3.Mr. Elda Collier ran a splinter in hishand some davs ago. and at the timethought but little of it. A few dayssince it began giving him considerabletrouble, and has continually grownworse. He is now under the care ofhis physicianThe football "season will cpen hereSaturday afternoon when the M. M. I.team will meet the Cynthiana HighJ School on the gridiron. The cadets. have a heavier team than last yearj that is being coached by Capt. Henderj son.Dr F. W. Troy, pastor of the FirstChristian church at Millerbsurg, hasreceived a unanimous call from hiscongregation for another year. Dr.Troy came to Millersburg nearly ayear ago a perfect stranger and in thetime has made a, number of lasting' r f sLadies' JuliettesVith Rubber Heels, samein plain toe, just like theillustration. The mostcomfortable house shoe. imaginable. Special99cEleclricmstvAt The Big Eleclric Sign.friends. He has done much for thechurch and Sunday school ana his services here at this time are indispensable. He holds the call under advisement and his decision will be madeknown in a few days. It is the desireof the entire community that he accept the call. He is one o the mostpopular ministers with the people ofall denominations that has ever resided in this community.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell willvisit friends at Mt. Olivet Sunday andMonday.Mrs. W. F. Carpenter and nieceMiss Julia Carpenter were in Lexington Tuesday.The autumn luncheon given by Mrs.C. M. Beat Thursday afternoon from 2to 4-in honor of Miss J'llia Carpenter,who is to wed Mr. Shrout, ef Owingsville, on the eighteenth, was the mostnotable social feature of the seasonand the afternoon was dnjoyed by allpreseD-t.The M. M. I. cadets are preparingto put on the rura play "Rube and HisMa" at the drill haH en the eveniag ofDecember 8. The play is said to befull of fun and perplexing situationsfrom start to finish. The cadets willbe assisted by Misses Ruth McCilntockMartha Smith and Mrs. Shrout ofOwiugsville.The many friends of Mr. RichardCollier will regret to learn that whiletaking a rifle from its seabbard at hishome in Tampeka, Mex.. one day lastweek, the gun was accidentally discharged, inflicting an ugly wound onhis hand. Mr. Collier is a son of Mrs.M. R. Collier and a brother of Mrs.Peale Collier, of this place.No services Sunday at the Presbyterian church on account of thhe abspnnp nf thp nastor. Rev. R. S. Sanders, who preaches in Covington onthat day. Services Sunday morningand evening at ;the Methodist churchby the pastor. The following subjectswill be discussed by the pastor, Dr. F.W. :Troy: Morning, "God's Providence," evening, "A Rich Fool."Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson aged 75 yearsdied at her home after a lingering i IInessl of two years at 5 o'clock Mondayevenng. For more than two yearsMrs. Dodson has been an intensesufferer from rheumatism and almostsince the death of her husband, Mr. S.T. Dodson, which occurred two yearsago last August, she has been confinedto her bed Every effort has beenmade to relieve her suffering and shewas taken to Martinsville for treatment. She has been under treatmentfrom more than one osteopath andfrom all this she got no relief.Mrs. Dodson was formtrly Mis5'Elizabeth Phillips and was a native of1r 7SCHOOL FOOTWEARFor Boys and Girls.We are headquarters forthe best School Shoe inthis city. We have nowa complete line , that weretail at a great savingto you.13A iTi71Paris, Kentucky.Mason county. She was marrfed early,in life to Mr. S. T. Dodson and formany years they resided in Flemingcounty, near Poplar Plains. It wasthere that thfir three chilrden, ElderH. R, Dodson, of Bracken ; Mr. W. C.Dodson, of Paris, and Miss Ida Dodson, of Millersburg, were born, all ofwho survive their parents.Mr. and Mrs. Dodson ana ramny 1moved to Millersburg about thirtyseven years ago, coming here to educate their children. Mrs. Dodson hasbeen a devout member of the Christianchurch for more than sixty yers andwhen in good health was interested inall of its work and societies. Since being i failing health she has not beenable to attend these meetings but haskept up a keen interest in their wel-ine iunerai took piace xnutj-uaymorning at ten o'clock from the Christian church with sermon by Dr. F. W.Troy, assisted by Dr. C. 3. Fisher, ofthe M. F. C. The remarks were goodand appropriate. The vocal sqlo byMiss BeHe Taylor Judy and the hymnsby the mail quartet were especiallyappearing.Among the relatives present wereElder H. R. Dodson and daughter,Miss Elizabeth, of Bracken county;Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Dodson, of Paris ;Mrs. Hiram Duley, Flemingsburg ; andMrs. Young, of Mt. Sterling, the lasttwo, sisters of the deceased. Theremains were interred in the Millersburg cemetry.Born, Wednesday to Mr. and Mrs.Mack Jones a son.Dr. W. G. Dailey is in Cynthiana today on professional business.Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Prather leaveSaturday for a six months' sojourn inCalifornia.Mrs. Ben Caldwell, of Moorefield, isthe guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. R. Taylor.Mrs. Wm. Schnick, of Beaumont,Texas, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.E. T. Sheeler.Mr. and Mis. Claude Case, of Covington, are guests of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Amos Case.Mrs. S. H. Endicott leaves today tuspend a few days with her sister, Mrs.M. D. Hurst, at Flemingsburg.Miss Sue Willis left Thursday forher home in Stanford after a fewdays' visit to her sister, Mrs. S. M.Allen.Mrs. America Butler and son, Mr.W. E. Builer, will leave Saturday fora few days' visit to relatives at Nicholasville. Mr. John Smith, of Indian Creek,and Miss Ruth Ardery, of Cynthiana,will be the guests of Miss Ethel Collins Saturday and Sunday.Do it Now.If you are ever going to buy wallpaper buy it now atJ. T. HINTON'S....,Cassidy Nominated.City Clerk J. Ernest Cassidy overwhelmed his opponents in the race forthe Democratic nomination for Mayorof Lexington at the primary electionin that city Tuesday, receiving 2,279votes against 756 for J. Franklin VVallace, and 740 tor "Bishop Clay. Mr.Cassidy is a Bourbon boy and has livedin Lexington for a number of years.January Member of Directorate.At the session of the KentuckyGrand Lodge of Odd Fellows in Louisville Wednesday the directorate of theOdd Fellows Widows' and Orphans'Home, located at Lexington, waschosen. Judge E. B. January, ofcity, was elected as ajjmember ofdirectorate.thistheState Fair Has Profit.j Perry M. Shy. Secretary of the1 Kentucky Staie Fair in his repoit tothe State Fair Board, which m-tTee-,day shows that a net profit of S5.754.29was made during the -fair which closed1 Septembre 16 last. Tne operating ex1 penses of the 1911 fair were $47,235.. 20. The receipts for the fair, including uncollected accounts, were S52,998.49.! Mr. Shy sets forth that the weatheri conditions during the 1911 fair werei such as to seriously cut down the at1 tendance, thus materially affectingthe financial returns.Last year the sale of grandstandI seats brought in $887 50. This year nocharge was made tor grandstand seats.In 1910 there was paid for premiums$24,200.change in Postal Olfice,J. K. Phillips, who for severalmonths has held the position of manager at the local office of the PostalTelegraph Co., has been transferred tothe office of the company in Lexington. He will be succeeded by Mr. J.U. Coons. The change will becomeeffective Monday.Colored Teachers' Institute.The Bourbon County Colored TeachersA' sscoiation will be held today andtcmorrwo, October 13 and '14, at St.Paul M. E. churcK There will beinteresting anJ instructive programsat each session. A specially preparedprogiam will be rendered Friday at 8p m. at which time Prof. J. H. Garwin, of Winchester Public Schools,Kev. Carey Morgan and others willspeak Everybody cordially invited tobe present.R. D. GRANT, President.Paris and Richmond Meet TodayThe first football game of the seasonwill be played this afternoon betweenthe Paris High School eleven and thej Richmond Normal team at the baseball park. Tne pame will be called, promptly at' 4 o'clock. j; Under the training of Prof. Johnson,the Paris team has developed wonder-I ful speed in the last week and will goI up against the Richmond eleven withits full strsngth and a determinationto take thf initial game.1 The line-up of the local team will be'as follows. Johnson, c; Mitchell,, Kerns, Arnsparger, guards, Tepmlin,Douglas, tackles; Horton. Lynch,Meglone, ends, blicer, quarter; Link,full ; Thompson, "Adair,;half. Theadmision lo the came this afternoonwill be 25 cents.Council Appoints Hospital Committee. !TheTCity Council at the regularmeeting- last night appointed it committee to take over the property devised to the city by the late Mrs. AnnaK. Massie, to be used as a hospital.The committee, which is composed ofCouncilman W. O Hinton, chairmanof the Finance Committee and CityAttorney C. A. McMillan, will takeimmediate steps and' tho establishment of a hospital in this city is likelyto be only a matter of a short time.No other business of importance wasbefore the board Permits were granted to the Central Kentucky Tractionand Terminal Co., for the erection ofa freight and passenger station at thecorner of High and Fifth streets,which cost $3,500; Mrs. T. H. Tarr tobuild a frame lumber she on Clayvsillestreet to cost $800 ; vTillr Quisenberryto erect two residences on High streetto cost SI, 500 each.Desirable Farm at Public AuctionA fine opportunity to buy an idealcountry home will be offered when theT. S. Shannon farm of 100 acres is soldat public auction on Thursday, Oct. 19.This farm is located 011 a good Lpikeand is but 2 1-2 miles from Paris. Attne same time and palce the stock,crop and farming implement of Mr.Shannon will be sold.As You Go."Clear up as you go" Is an excellenttext to work by a parallel to "Never put off till tomorrow," &c andone that many a mother would dowell to keep over before her and liveup to. It is the putting-off habit thatleads to accumulations, to hurry, and,consequently, to badly done work. Ifclothes need repairing, let them be repaired at once; if things are out oftheir proper places, put them backagain, where they ought to be; beforethey are irretrievably lost.Their Particular Sin.A school lor poor children havingread in their chapter in the Bible thedenunciations against hypocrites who"strain at a gnat and swallow a. camel," were afterwards examined by thebenevolent patroness, Lady , as totheir recollection of the chapter."What, in particular, was the sinof the Pharisees, children?" and thelady, Ating camels, my lady,"the prompt reply.wasBritish Capital for Turkey.Gold, iron, copper, sulphur, coal,chrome, etc., are known to exist Indifferent parts of the Turkish prov-ince of Hodeidah. which, in the oDin -ion of the British consul there, willbe thrown open to foreign exploitation in the near future, especially after the proposed railway is completed.This may, in time, provide an openingfor British enterprise.Goat's Milk Highly Valued.There are scores of foreign writersand medical experts who advocate theuse ot goat's milk for infants and invalids. In fact there are sanitariumsin France and Switzerland that givegoat's milk a prominent place m theirsystems of care. The milk is specially recommended for infants becauseof its similarity in composition tomother's milk.Not Much Lost.Two lunatics conversed in the asylum yard. One had megalomania.1 -1 Said he: "Had they not lockedmeup nere, 1 snould have beena sec-ond Napoleon!" Thoughtfully, theother contemplated a peagreen devilon the asylum wall, then remarked:"The second Napoleon wasn't muchshucks."Will Raise Opossums.One farm exclusively for opossumshas been started in Gippsland, Victoria, which comprises two thousandacres of eucalyptus bush land. Another farm comprising five hundredacres has been started in southernTasmania and another of 150 acres inNew South Wales.COur Line ofver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only car-Iriesthe very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.'f,i ur e r .! jine nouseH Both Phones.ONE WEAK SPOT.Most Paris People Have a WeakPart and Too Often It'sthe Back.Everyone has a weak spot.Too often it's a bad back.Twinges follow every sudden twistDull aching keeps up day and night.Telia you the kidneys need helpFor backache is really kidneyache.A kidney cure is what you need.Doan's Kidney Pills cure sick kidneys. Cure backache and urinary ilia.Good proof in the following statement: C. M. Hamilton, farmer, W. Mainstreet, Carlisle, Ky., says "Abcute-ight years ago I was afflicted withtyphoid fever which left my kidneysvery weak and from that time on Iwas subject to attacks of kidney complaint. My back became weak andlame when I stooped sharp twingeslike thp stab of a knife darted throughmy body. The kidney secretions weiealso out of order, being at times tcofrequent in passage, then again ju3tthe reverse. I recently got a box ofDosn's TKidney Pills and theyrlivedup to all the claims made for ttiem,entirely relieving me."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.L. N. Loses in Two Requests.The Interstate Commerce Commission Tuesday refused to grant the application of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad to continue to establish oneway and party fares fortransportationbetween Lexington and stations fromLivingston to Atlanta, Ga., and fromCor bin to Norton, Va., and on connecting lines. It also declined to permitthe railroad to charge greater compensation between Cincinnati ana Atlantathan the aggregate of excess baggagerates to and from Paris.Insurc with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfPleads Guilty to Taking 38,000.W. S. Parker, Jr., pleaded guilty inFederal Court at Louisville Tuesday toembezzling 838,000 from the Southernj National Bank, of which he was assistant cashier. Sentence was deferreduntil today.Saved His Mother's Life."Four doctors had given me op.''! writes Mrs. Laura Gaines, of Avoca,1 La., "and my children and all myi friends were looking for me to die,when my son insisted that I use Elec-j trie Bitters. I did so and they havedone me a world of good. I will always prise them." Electric Bitter3is a priceless blessing to women troubled with fainting and dizzy spells,.backache, headache, weakness, debility, constipation or Kidney disorders. Use them and gain new healthstrength and vigor. They're guaranteed to satisfy or money retunded.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.ADMINISTRATOR'S NOTICE.Notice is hereby given that theundersigned has qualified as the administrator of the estate of M. H.Current, deceased, and all persons having claims against said estate will present the same properly proven to theundersigned.All persons owing said "state arehereby notified to pay the same to theundersigned administrator.E. B. CURRENT, Administrator,537 Columbia avenue,6 6t Lexington, Ky.Application for Liquor LicenseNotice is Jhereby given that theundersigned will at the meeting of theCouncil on Thursday, October 26, 1911,apply to the Mayor 'and Board ofCouncil of Paris, Ky., for license tosell at retail and to be drank on thepremises spirituous, vinous and maltliquors during the ensuing year at hisplace of business 426 Main street.B. WEISSBERG.rSterling Silor quality. aJBt $ r - ,F JAs-.'.