NEWSlYlYL.'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN" THE YEARPARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 25, 1911.VOLUME XXXI.I iwi BESTwmito(Usast4IPmWB&&Eg&gauibmAt TheSIMONDep't Store,Monday, August 28,Ladies' $1.50 Shirtwaists atha!f-price--75c each.Sale Begins 9 a. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE --Fall Suits and Millinery ArrivingI Im m mm v:bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb us BBBBBHaHBTBBBBMBV mmmmm2&7&ZP&!Z'&'r'''"'r'QROCERIECost Least At The Robneel16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar $1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound . -25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10Lenox Soap, 17 bars g0Blueing, 2 boxes ;;- 5Best Gun Powder Tea, per pound. . . 75 .Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per pound. . .50Full Quart Can Karo Syrup : - 10Brooms, 5-Tie 25Five Gallons Best Oil , &BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlua Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sacki 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Pfiones 234Watdi this Space Next Week,;&;STRAW HATS 1-2 OFFREGULAR PRICEPANAMA HATS25 Per Cent Offf- 1--u fc-'-vONE LOT BOYS' 50c GAPS NOW 15cPrice & Co.,Clothiers.Soldier Priest Answers Last Call.The Rev. Father Thomas S. Major,ri 66soldier of thu Lost Cause, of Christand of the Holy Catnolic church, diedin Franfort luesday morning atter ahard fight for life. Illness ot severalmonths had Dlaced the life of thisuseful man in jeopardy and death cameas a relief to his long suffering.The funeral of Father Major wiiu Deheld this morning at 9 o'clock, lhoRight Rev. P. P. Maes will officiate atthe solemn requiem high mass at 9o'clock a. m. After the mass the menof the parish will gather in processionand precede the funeral cortege to tnecemetery, where the body ;will beintered. Until the hour ot the-funeraithe body lay in state in the GoodShepherd church.Father Major was a son of Dr. r-.M. Maior and was born in this city onI July13, 1844, in East Paris and in thevicinity of the property now occupiedby Mrs. Sue K. Moran.The family moved later to Covingtonwhere they lived for many years.There were four chilrden, of whomonlv Mrs. Charlotte Auld. of Indianapolis, a sister of Father Major, survives. Father Major was born andreared a protestant and was convertedto4the Catholic belief while in aCatholic hospital in Cincinnati. Hewaq n nripsfc for thirtv-six vears. ofwhich time he spent seventeen yearsin Frankfort in charge ot tne cnurcnin that city.Father Major was captured while amember of Morgan's cavalry, on theraid through Ohio. He was cut ottfrom the remainder of the soliders atBurlington's Island and taken prisoneralong with many others of Morgan smen. He was sent to Camp Douglas,suffering from a bullet wound in hisarm. This wound never entirely healed in that it gave him pain even upto the time of his death. After remaining in the prison at Camo Douglas for-several weeks Father Majorand other prisoners planned to escape.They began a tunnel to get out of thewalls. The tunnel was dug successfully and more than a hundred of thef!nnfpdpratts made their escape iiomthe prison.Father Maior went to Cincinnatiafter his escape and his wound was insuch condition that it was necessarytfor him to go to a hospital. It wasthere that he was nursed back tohealth and converted to the RomanCatholic belief. During the warthere was no braver soldier nor moredaring in Morgan's command thanFather Major and he fought, as cnathe others, with dash and daring thatmade the Morgan cavalry famous.Fnthpr Mainr's nrenaration tor tneministry, after he had first contem-plated studying medicine, was at Mt.fI St. Mary's Seminary of the West, atCincinnati, after which he went to St.Joseph's University, Spring Hill, nnarMobile. He was appointed to his firspastorate at Cynthiana and later wasI! transferred as assistant pastor at' Lexington, by his own request, and!f later to the dioce.e of Sin Antonio,ii'i Texas, and then to Chicago. He serv:!' ' ort thP rhr'neh in Winchester, for four! vpnrs and in 1895 was sent to Frank-iW , fort.)Iv Father Major's lecture "From theP Army to the Altar" was widely deyfi livered and attracted much attentionfo all over the country. He made his? fame as an orator with that lecture.iu l "K Successor to Bidwell Chosen.- JK I At the meeting of the State Racingw flommiRainn held in Lexington Tues-jjf day, J. Pelham Johnstone, son ofAdjt. Gen. P. P. Johnstone, wasselected as secretary 'of the board tosucceed W. E. Bidwell.When the commisison met no wordli well, whose absence has caused con-siuerauie inconvenience aim wuuj ithe commission, Jand accordingly hisplace was declared vacant. There weresix applicants foi the position, but Air.Johnstone was considered the mostavailable candidate.Big Shortage in Burley Crop.$,The Burley tobacco crop of Kentucky, which last year was estimatedto be 300.000,000 pounds, will notamount to more than 50,000,000 thisyear, it is believed. The great shortage is due to the worst drouth inthirty years, hailstorms, which recently damaged or destroyed 200 rgrowingcrops, and the failure of hundreds offarmers who were members of 5theBurley Society to plant tobacco thisyear ort account of the large amount ofthe pooled crops of uther years stillunsold.Cast01f Trousers Worn by MulesAll'maririer of devices are in use byHors'emp.n,tri,seclire immunity for theiranimals from th,e bite of a small greenfly that jn the. lastweek or so has infested Christian county.. Ordinary fflyriets'afe useless, and liverymen havefound no insecticide that will' deterthefly at'all.- Farmers have been seen intown driving mules completey encasedin sacKing, top coverings tor tne legsconsisting of cast-off trousers', theeffect being mos't ludicrous.-Nicfcolasvillkjfair.-The News'acknowledges" receipt of scomplimentary to tne Knights orPythias Fair to r be held in Nicholasville August 30-31. The fair is one ofthe besjt in the State, furnishing a finelist of premiums and excellent stockand agriculture show. The meetingthis year promises to eclipse all former efforts of the fair company.State Fair Board Called.Commissioner of Agriculture Rankin has called a meeting of the StateFair Board for August 28, in Louisville, at which time the fair groundswill be insDected and final arrangeW&wk3Lf VFWE KNOW HOW "STRAWHALPWe are selling our entire line of Straw Hats andPanamas at half-price. Plain Straws. Rough Strawand Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowns, all Shapes and Styles.Come in and buy a hat that will keep your headcool during this hot month, and it will cost you butvery little.Look For The New StoreMitchell &Outfitters to MenMlamhbm2 jBjagpfc j '' j " jjaa, , m - . . .k. fe. . - - - - v JV- .-.iLtn u i u ii n l m i ii ui i mi m iiniiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiniiuiniiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniigRFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.:REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles inLAWNSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and- Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at 10 and 12 l-2c a yard .New Fall Styles in Dress Ginghams1 at 10 and 12 1 -2c yard.r:SUMMER SLIPPERSWe have just received several of the very newest stylesin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede at1. 95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pairvvA.i:-Remnants of Dress-Calicoes, Etc.,-cFrank1 Paris, -liiHiiiiHiiiiiiiiinnuuiiraJSHumm.HATS ATPRICEBlakemore,Paris, KentuckyVUf 'S A. .h.Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,'all at Big Reductions& Co.- Kentuckyf. ......Mtij .. .a.I:iiments for the Fair will be completed.the- By.uKBu;-rNE-YV3, rAKia.-iicw iwcKi.-Trerquy- S,'Tft,'-.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 2S, idll.Woman s Poweru'Ktor-,&I vl"iv ISThev last a lifetime. They're fireproof Stormproof-Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurther detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STB.EET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1 881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationOver ManSsfe7Display advertisements, 1.00 per Inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion ; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday. -ONE YEAR,SS.00.Payable inSIX MONTHSAdvance1.00and SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work. 'An individuality distinguislies our Monuments from all others, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nevr and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc.. larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Cpocialty.NONE CHEAPERNONE EETTER.Wm. Jldams Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THE GARDENJhT-3l. t-5j- ., - .:4B jaWjv-a.v1, .r rn-ti vjf . - r . w'i-.af2amwr.&gB2S&&.-rr,is a real pleassre if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an 'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.IiOWRY & TALBOTTParis, BZentuLolsi-v'stSs-tzdZiizi73r?z&?Zr2&ur.sz;--Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.Smuts of Wheat and the Hessian Fly.The millers of Kentuckj are complaining considerably ot the quality ofmuch of the wheat offered this year,year when conditions were extremelyfavorable for producing wheat of avety high grade. The presence ofstinking smut is one of the causes otcomplaint, and reports indicate thatmany crops in all parts of the Statewere affected with this disease.Stinking smut can be easily andcheaply controlled that its presence ina field of wheat is a sure indication ofcarelessness on the part of the owner.Either of the following treatmentswill prove effective in eradicatingstinking smut, and the cost is abouttwo cents per bushei.1. FORMALIN TREATMENT.(a) Dipping. . Have a druggist procure formalin which he can absolutelyguarantee to be full 40 per cent solution of formaldehyde. Pour one pintof this into a fifty gallon barrel ofwater, and stir thoroughly. Put thewheat to be treated into coarse ourlapsacks, about one-halt rjusnei to a sacK.Dip into the the solution and keepthere about ten minutes or untilthoroughly wet; drain off into theoarrel and set aside for five or tenhours. Then empty, out, spread in athin;layer and dry sufficiently to sowor thoroughly dry and store in a cleanplace. If sown while damp, allow agreater bulk of wheat to make up forthe swollen condition of the grains.(b) Sprinkling. Put the wheat tobe treated on a clean floor or canvasand with a sprinkling can, sprinkle thesolution over the wheat, shovelingover constantly until the grain is allwet. Shovel into a pile and coverwith wet sacks, or a good canvas, andleave five to ten hours, when it shouldoe treated as in the case of dippedwheat2. 8LUESTONE TREATMENT.Dissolve 5 pounds of bluestone in 25'to 30 gallons of water and dip orsprinkle the wheat as in the case ofthe formalin treatment, but drain offwell and partially dry at ,once so the;solution will net soak into the grain. 'Cured byin all treatments taKe care to navebins, floors, sacks, driUs. etc., clean, Century, B. B. B.so the treated gram win not neeomeinfested again. Dip sacks and canvas JU Years.in boiling water, and sciub floors, binsand drills with a solution ofv formalin,DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMES- . of CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccreary . .of MadisonFor. Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMAN"of WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAY"Women's most glorious endowment is the powerto awaken and hold the pure and honest love o aworthy man. When she loses it and still loves on,no one in the wide world can know the heart agonyshe endures. The woman who suffers from weakness and derangement of her special womanly organism soon loses the power to sway the heart ofa man. Her general health suffers and she losesher good looks, her attractiveness, her amiabilityand her power and prestige as a woman. Dr. R.V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N.Y., withthe assistance of his staff of able physicians, has prescribed for and cured manythousands of women. He has devised a successful remedy for woman's ailments. It is known as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It is a positivespecific for the weaknesses and disorders peculiar to women. It purifies, regulates, strengthens and heals. Medicine dealers sell it. No honest dealer willadvise you to accept a substitute m order to make a little larger profit.IT MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG,SICK WOMEN WEXX. .Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate end strengthen Stomach, Liver and Bowels.tiiuiimithe Marvel! of theTested forA P rticular Service ForParticular People. rThey are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. S ystematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out thedav we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Givelib a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, J KentuckyFirst Street Tramways. MINN HNS IK HROWiNStreet tramways were first openedat London in 1861.one pint in 5 to 10 gallons of water.Why suffer a loss of $2 to $10 peracre from smut when it can be keptout of the fields for 3 to 4 cents peracre? ,THE HESSIAN FLYlReports of some damage by Hessianfly have come to the Station fromdifferent palces in the State, andwhere this injury has been noticed thepast season, especial cate should betaken to insure the succeeding cropagainst attacks of the insect.The best indication of its presence isfallen straw. Where the stalk or culmhas been injured by this pest, a slightwind will cause itr to break and falldowr, and of course the grain does notmature. A slight infestntion this yearmay mean a much greater- one next,unless precautions are taken this fall.Where it is present on a farm or in aneighborhood the best means of keeping it in check is late sowing by thefarmers of that particular neighborhood. Wheat should not be sown before the fifth to the tenth of October,and if sown this late, the early frostsusually prevent serious infestation bythe fly.This late sowing demands that theland be in splendid condition for uickgrowth of the wheat and the extratime, can profitably be spent in a morethorough working of the seed bed. Inthis way the bad effects of late sowingmay be largely overcome.' ALL rYiY PiMPLES GONEWHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirie3'lately regarding Eczema and otherskin- diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found that& simple wash o Oil of Wintergrecn,as compounded in D. D D.t can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure ot it,&n& although there are manj so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend d! D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives inttant relief to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of -the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravage of the disease.. Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, Just totalk over your case with -us.G. &. Varden & Sea.Materials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Aching bones, 'swollen joints perma-J nently cured throuh the blood with1 puretiotonical Ingredients. To provei it we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale: skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheamedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. , Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with .! sections for home cure..S mri'j a:2it free by writing Blood.. :i o . Atlanta, Ga. DescribeV ii trcuo'e pnd free medical advicegicn. 2l. I by Varden & Son.' LIQUID CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities axe now agreed on this:Dont imprison the disease germs Inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A. true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents In the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other Ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done. 'A 25-pent trial bottle will start thecure, and give ycu. instant relief. ,i . - rG. S. Varden & Son. . .;Girl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw;N. C "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign cf that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fa5t is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. 'D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of ,thisgreat remedy.G. S. VarJen & Son.V,English Firm Long In Business.The makers of the new bell atSouthwark (Eng.) cathedral, MessrsMears and Stainbank, church clockand musical bell founders, can claiman ancient lineage. The firm hasthe remarkable record of commencIng business in 1570, and continuingto this day uninteruptedly in supplying not only Great Britain, but distant countries with bells. Elevengenerations fron father to son haveoccupied the position without interruption for 315 years.$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that, science hasbeen able to cuie in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'Catarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly u-on the blood andmucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thediseae,andgivingthepatientstrengtbby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo: O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take Hall's -Ffly Pjlls for coest:pation. V7 'GEO. W. DAVISFCNERAi DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBiXMEE.BOTH'PHOlSrES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.2E)Q&3gS,3SC2s2tUSuccess" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn t mean a lot or goods sold, out aTrygreat lot of satisfied customers.and be satisfied.Dodon & DentonPARIS. KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.CjssjSjINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletovn, Little7 Rock an"WhenyouRuddles Mills.have East TennesseeHAVE telephone service.serviceyoiiarThe EastTennessee Telephone CoIncorporated "To Remove Tar.To remove tar from clothes, rubbutter or lard over the tar spots,then wash with soap and water.Apply oil of turpentine and let remainfor one hour, then wash againthe tar will be removed. To removetar from the hands, rub with outsideof fresh orange or lemon peel, andwipe dry immediately.BIw-.op Ryan's Compromise.The late Bishop Ryan was onceasked by a fair daughter of his parish ,wnetner he considered it a sin, to use !rouge. "Well, my child," he air Iswered, "some pious men condemnit, others see no harm in it. I, however, hold a middle cturse you mayuse it on one cheek." iJIceland's Minerals.Besides gold and copper, sliver hn3also been discovered in Iceland -by aFrench engineer. The mines are situated in the mountain of Ingolfsfjail.and I in the environs of Oelfus, South Iceland. The mountain belongs to. somefarmers, and an engineer, on behalfof a French company, has purchasedthe right of digging. English companies have now rented certain Icelandic districts where gold mineswere discovered.Have You Ever?Most men admit that they don'tunderstand women, but have you eve?met a woman who did not claim to bealbe to read any man as she wouldan open book?ilissssi SPECIAL EX0URS10N II(CN.O.&T.P.Ry.)In Connection with.Southern Railway.TO-Asheville, N. C. I"Land of the Sky," "Sapphire Country,"THE IDEAL VACATION SPOT.LEXINGTON TOTUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1S11Special Train leaves Lexington 9:00 p. m., consisting of Pullman Drawing rtoom Sleeping Cars, Pullman Observation Sleeping Cars and Modern Day Coaches, Electrically Lighted. Dining Cars serving all mealsLOW ROUND TRIP FARESAsheville, N. C 7-50Waynesville, N. C ) oeHendersonyille, N. C ---b 50Lake Toxawav. N. C. fco oFinal Limit to Return Until September 27.DIVERSE ROUTE Going direct and returning via Chattanooga(Lookout Mountain) or the reverse. $1.50 additional.t- nL-,?ER.1L X9,P"yE,R PRIVILEGES.ior iuli information, booklet and sleeping car reservations, call onany ticket agent or writeH. C. KING, P. & T. A., W. A. BECKLER, Gen. Pass. Agent,41 ej. mmn street, Ingalls Building,JLexington, Ky., Phone 49. Cincinnati, Ohio.Mabg,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, EN1UCKY, AUGUST 25, 1911,9Iiasw?m?w?w?w?!WORK DONEWHEN PROMISED'00emCheap Workjp -tre. J9B Reams orTHEBRBNNewsAre prepaired toPrinting on shortBILLHEADS.LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Ok Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftuuw.WiWiuuapinMneiuoiie uiieapDone Bood!do the best ofnotice such asTHE TALE GF A PISChiefJustice MarshalsCase as a Lawyer.FirstHE OUTWITTED A DEADBEAT.When Marshall SuedSmiled, When the CasePayment Claimed HeOld HaskinWas Won andLaughed, butWhen the Climax Came He Wilted.Chief Justice John Marshall's firstcase as a lawyer was tried in Fauquier county, Va. It was the suit ofCohn versus Haskin, and the descendants of the1 great interpreter of theconstitution delight to this day to tellof the subtle strategy whereby thebudding jurist achieved victory overthat case hardened deadbeat of a Haskin person.This same Elaskin, it appears, was aman possessed of property. But hewas also possessed of a shrewd knowledge of the law. He kept all he hadin his wife's name, excepting what thestatute exempted from seizure fordebtIn an evil and absentminded' moment Cohn, who ran a general storein Haskin's neighborhood, trusted himfor sugar and coffee to the amount of$11. This was years before the erup- Ition of young Marshall into the law,and in the interim Cohn had given theclaim for collection to every younglawyer in the county to cut his teethon. Swiftly following Marshall's unfurling of his shingle to the Fauquierwinds came Cohn with his claim.Even the callow attorney recognizedit as a veteran among claims. However, having nothing else to whileaway the time, he took the case, Cohnpromising him all he could get out ofit, which showed Cohn'a valuation ofit as an asset.Young Marshall promptly broughtsuit at which Haskin smiled. Whenjudgment was obtained, Marshall rodeout in person to Haskin's place anddemanded payment, at which Haskinlaughed.And while Haskin chuckled the keeneye of the young lawyer wanderedabout the farmyard. He saw one plow,which was exempt under the law; also ione harrow, also exempt; also a hugeleviathan of a pig drowsing lazily in apen a very Gargantua of a pig."That's the only pig I got," volunteered Haskin, reading the lawyer'sthought, for Haskin, also law wise,knew that under the statute he wasentitled to one pig exempt from seizure for debt.The future chief justice rode homepondering deeply. Next day he wasseen strolling around the outskirts ofthe town looking Into casual pigstiesand keeping his thoughts to himself.One noon shortly after a youth,trudging along the big road in front ofHaskin's house, stopped to ask for abite to eat Over his shoulder he carried a gunny sack. Haskin handedhim out a pone of bread and a chunkof meat and then demanded a quarterfor the repast "I haven't got a quarter," replied the youth; "thought youwould give a feller a little snack likethat""Not much," growled Haskin. "Whatyou got in that bag?""Nuthin' but a month old pig," answered the youth. "Say, if you gimmea quarter in money I'll give you thepig and we'll call it square.""I reckon you stole that pig," commented Haskin, "else you wouldn't sellit so cheap. Here's your quarter;gimme the pig."The youth disappeared with the quarter, and Haskin, with the content ofone who has driven a hard bargain,carried the shote over to the barnyardand spilled it into the pen where laythe porcine Gargantua. Coincidental-ly there rose out of the alder bushesadjacent the forms of young Marshalland another man the other man wasthe constable. In his hand he held awrit of execution. He climbed solemnly over into the pigsty and, pointingto the fat porker, said:"I levy on that pig -in the suit ofCohn versus Haskin," and he wavedhis hand to a man who was waitingwith an empty wagon down the road."But that pig is exempt," exclaimedthe irate Haskin. "The law allows meone pig.""You've got him there," answeredthe constable, pointing to the shote ashe trussed up the big fellow and called to the man in the wagon to lend ahand. "You can't make your selection for exemption after the levy'smade.""But the fellow that sold me thatshote stole him," urged Haskin, growing desperate. "I can't own a stolenPig.""All right," put in young Marshall,wholly unperturbed. "Mr. Constable,just arrest him for receiving stolengoods."But Haskin had fled to the safety ofhis back porch, seeing which the constable, Marshall and the man in thewagon hustled the complaining porkeraboard and drove away," leaving thebewildered Haskin to ruminate at leisure over the Intricacies of the lawwhich permits a man to keep even hisreligion in his wife's name, but ravishes away his choicest pig from under his very nose.And, concluding, the multiple descendants of the great John also delight to tell how that pig sold for $19.85enough not only to pay the ancientclaim, but to satisfy exactly the demands of court and constable for costs,leaving not a penny over for the griefstricken and wicked Haskin.To which me reader may adfi. ''And'they all lived happily forever after"except Haskin. New York Times.RAILWAY SIGNAL."Fireworks" That Serve as TrainProtectors.CODE OF TORPEDO AND FUSEEMessages These Audible and VisibleDanger Signs Convey to the Engineer Tho Use of Pyrotechnics asSignals In the Naval Service."Pop, pop," or perhaps a single ' into the hammock,"pop," sharp and distinct like that of j "Yu are perfectly maddening!"a giant firecracker heard not only on ' went on his wife when she had witthe Fourth of July, but on every day ! nessed his deed. "How can you"in the year, Sundays included. What Thud! Thud! Prill's shoes hit thedid it mean? And on almost any porch floor as he kicked them off.night as I look out of my window 1see the edge of the wood or the fieldslighted up by red or yellow fireworks.Why this strange illumination?As 111 these queer happenings took-place on the railroad a few rods frommy house I made inquiries of the railway officials, and here are some interesting facts about the use of thesecurious "fireworks."The general superintendent of theNew York. New Haven and Hartfordrailroad explained as follows:"Our rules provide for the use of detonators, commonly known as torpe-does, as audible signals and of 'fusees'as visible signals."These torpedoes are attached tothe top of the rail on the engineer'sside of the track by two small flexible metal straps, which are easilybent around, the ball of the rail, asshown in the picture, and hold thetorpedoes securely in place until exploded by the first train passing overthis track."The explosion of one torpedo is asignal to stop; the explosion of two,not more than 200 feet apart is a signal to reduce speed and look out fora stop signal."The fusees are of similar construction to the well known Roman candleused for fireworks celebrations, except that they burn a steady flamewithout explosions. A sharp iron spikeat the bottom end will usually stickin the ground or in the cross tie whenthrown from the rear of a train andholds the fusee in an upright position.where it is more plainly visible"A fusee must be lighted and leftby tho flagman whenever a train Is?running on the "time" of another trainor behind its own time and undercircumstances .which call for such protection. "A fusee on or near the track, burning red. must not be passed. Whenburning yellow the train may proceedwith caution when the way is seen andknown to be clear. Standard fuseesburn red for three minutes and yellow for seven minutes and can be seenfor quite a distance."You will gather from the aboveexplanations that the red glare of aflaming fusee on or near the trackwarns the approaching engineer thata preceding train has passed over histrack less than three minutes aheadof him, and under no circumstancesmust he pass this signal while burningred. When the flame turns to yellowhe may proceed with caution, only asthe way is seen and known to beclear, keeping in mind that when thefusee changed from red to yellow hewas exactly three minutes behind apreceding train, which may have stopped within a short distance or maybe proceeding at an unusually slowrate of speed."The superintendent of the Shore linedivision, another branch of the samerailroad, gives this additional detail regarding torpedoes:"When a train stops upon the mainline and requires protection againsta following train the flagman goes backa specified distance and places one torpedo. He then continues a fartherdistance back, placing two torpedoes.As soon as the train he is protecting isready to start the engineer blows aspecified whistle signal, which is anotice to the flagman to return to histrain. On the way back he picks uptho one torpedo, leaving two ou therail to warn the engineer of an approaching train that another train is ashort distance ahead and to give theflagman time to run back and getaboard of his own train."Of the- use of fireworks as signals inthe navy the chief of the bureau ofconstruction and repair of the navy de-partment, Washington, makes the following statement:"All modern ships are fitted withelectric signals, and the use" of suchsignals is general in the naval service.In the case of small vessels having noelectric installation and also for use incase of the failure of the electric signals the navy has a system of coloredstars in connection with rockets forthe purpose of signaling."These are in no sense the ordinarycommercial fireworks, but are manufactured by the service for naval useexclusively."There are no photographs of thissystem of signals for distribution. Theapparatus consists of a specially designed pistol from which are fired cartridges containing the colored starsthat-are used in the service code."New York Mall.Mighty Arcturus.A returns Is one of the most brilliantstars that we can see in the heavens.Its diameter is 62,000,000 miles. Thelight that comes to us from it is over200 years old when it enters our eyes.The sun is distant 93.000,000 miles.Then compare eleven minutes with200 years.Truth is as Impossible to be soiled" i!iiy outward touch as the. ?nnbeaia-Wilton. "" 'ww r f . rlie Ulan I KCLr&"Now, John!" criad Mrs. Priil Intones of exasperation.Prill continued removing his coat.Then he tossed it through the openwindow from the screened perch intothe living room. Next he determinedly shed his vest, his collar and his tie,i and with a relieved "Whew!" sankext he sighed with content."If the McSloys should come now "tearfully began his wife.Prill raised himself in the hammockand spoke heatedly. "For four consecutive nights," said he, "I have saton my ovn front porch in starchedand melting agony, all for fear theMcSloys would call! I have worn acoat that was constructed by a fiendish tailor for arctic explorationwork and a vest that originally started out m life as a mustard plaster. Ihave endured the glare of the lightsfrom within the house which you insisted on keeping lighted so the McSloys would know we were at home.I have choked to death up to a latehour because you wouldn't make anylemonade till you finally gave up hopeof the McSloys for that evening. NowI'm through!"Why, the dumb animals in theparks are treated with more consideration by their keepers than I havebeen treated in my ovn homa!""You might consider me a little!"retorted his wife. "You know perfectly well that Mrs. McSloy doesn't include every one in her calling list,and she is on the membership committee of that club I want to join, andMr. McSloy runs out to the golf clubin his machine Saturdays, and it wouldbe splendid if he liked you and wouldpick you up sometimes, and I shouldthink""I know you would, Celia," "interrupted her emancipated husband inlanguid content from the hammock."I know just what you would think,and I am going to spare you the recital, because the weather is far toohot for you to exert yourself by talking when you don't have to! I knowyour every little thought, darling!And somehow at this minute it wouldn't make a blithering bit of differenceif King George himself in his coronation robes and with his crown tuck-o,i to,. M chrmirf wnitr n thowfront steps, I should rely on his common sense as a man to understandthat nobody but a lunatic would keepon his coat and the trimmings If hedidn't have to!""Men," observed Mrs. Prill agitatedly, "are the densest, stupidest, mostselfish things! If you knew how -itwould make me feel if Mrs. McSloyshould catch you looking like thisyou'd put on your coat and shoes and !collar at once! Mrs. McSloy alwayslooks as though she had come out ofa bandbox, and ""She can go right back into abandbox for all of me!" persistedPrill, airily. "I'd have you understandthat I'm just as good as the McSloys!And all their relations! This toadying makes me tired! Isn't this myown house? Whv should I have toconsult McSloy about my wearing apparel? You'll be wanting me to tele- jphone him to ask whether 1 shalljwear my blue pajamas or my pinkones! If Mrs. McSloy's delicate constitution can't st".nd the shock of seeing a man without a collar. I don'tthink I'd bother about knowing her ifI were you!""Their first call, too!" mournedPrill. 'And first impressions countso!""Fudge!" said Prill. "You are theslave of conventions ""John!" hissed his wife, as shesprang to her feet. "There are theMcSloys!"An automobile was chugging slowly down before the house.Then came the sound of a largey.nf1v hpavine and scrambling. Prill( tumbled out of the hammock. Hej hurtied through the open window intothe living room, in whose dark fastnesses reposed most of his wearingapparel. As he disappeared there wasa crash. He had overturned thefernery."Throw in my shoes!" he calledsoftly.There was a bang and a growl as hebumped against a rocking chair.Something tore as he struggled withhis vest, When he groped for his coathis head encountered a corner of thepiano. Finally, gasping, breathless,with his vest upside down and hiscollar twined in weird convolutionsunder one ear, Prill desperately ventured out on the front porch to meetthe McSloys."John," said Mrs. Prill when he appeared. This Is the agent for the newrefrigerator I was telling you abouthe thought he'd find you at home ifhe came in the evening!""What are you giggling about?"growled her husband. "I was just going to put on my things, anyhow Ithink the weather's turning cooler!"The Usual Result."Just because the De Faques foundtheir butler celebrating the anniversary of his wedding, they dischargedhim.""I suppose they thought since hewas loadedthe proper, thing to dowas to fire him."CURIOUS RESERVOIRS.Th Use ta Vhich Baebab Tr ArPut In Africa.People of the ETordofan province,Africa, use baobab trees as reservoirsfor the scanty water of that district.The trees have to be prepared carefully for this use. The large branchesare first cut off near the trunk. If thisis not done the trunk is apt to split assoon as it is hollowed out A hole tecut in the trunk, generally just abovea brunch, which serves as a platformfor the man who is filling the tree, andthe interior is hollowed out. Roundthe bottom of the tree a shallow basin:some twenty or thirty feein diameteris made, in which the rainwater collects. As soon as there is a storm thepeople go out and fill their trees. Thewater so stored remains perfectly gooduntil the end of the next hot weatheror even longer. A few trees, naturallyhollow, have a hole at the top betweenthe branches and fill themselves, thebranches catching the water and acting as gutters. These are called iagai." and are highly valued.The system ghes a cistern twentyfeet high and from eight to ten feet oreven more in diameter. Owing to thelabor involved in preparing and fillingthe trees water is usually bought andsold, and on the main roads whsrethere is much traffic, as between Nahud and Jebel el Hilla on the way toEl Fasher, the capital of Darfur. thepeople do a regular trade by supplyingmerchants and travelers with waterThe bucket, called a "dilwa," consists of a piece of leather suspendedby strings six inches" long, from a pieceof wood bent in a circle, to which therope used for drawing the water isfastened by three or four strings. Onreaching the bottom of the well theleather opens out and collects the water, however little there may be. Chicago News.FAIRLY WARNED.Th Old Crook's Advice to His Brilliant Young Pupil.VA11 this easy talk about 'honest'graft," said an author, "makes metired. There isn't any such thing.Honest' graft is on a par with thepoint of view of an incorrigible oldcrook I ran across when I was doingpolice work on a Chicago paper yearsago. The venerable reprobate had ason about eighteen years old, whomhe had carefully trained to follow inhis own footsteps. They lived together, and every night the old man usedto make the boy fork over the proceeds of the day's pocketpicking, allowing him just enough to live on."Finally the young crook began torebel inwardly, and one night, after aparticularly good day's haul, he secretly pawned a diamond scarfpln andkept the money himself He gave theold thief the rest of the swag, however, and it was so goodly a pile thathe opened his heart and handed theastonished boy $5 and told him to goto a prizefight or somewhere and enjoy himself. So the boy began to puton his only gladags. But be seemedstrangely silent and distraught Theold man noticed it and demanded toknow what was the matter and if the$5 wasn't enough, and so on."Suddenly the lad burst into tears.'Guv'nor,' he sobbed. 1 ain't no rightto this five spot. Here's $10 I got on apin today, and I was goin to hold itout on you.'"The old crook took the money andgazed with sadness upon his child.Son,' he said, 'I want to tell you onething. Take it from me, folks thatI gets money that way will never, nevercome to no good.' "New YorK wonu.Flowers and Blood.A superstition "dating from oldentimes exists to the effect that Tosesand flowers generally attain greaterbeauty in soil fertilized by blood, especially by human blood, than elsewhere.Persons who have visited NewmarketEngland, know of the so called "bloodyflower of Newmarket," which is foundnowhere else than in the old moat,now filled up, and in which, accordingto -tradition, a very large quantity ofhuman remains is interred. Theseflowers bloom in June and July andby the bloodlike hue of their blossomssuggest the name which, has beengiven to them.Right Living.To be honest, to be kind, to earn alittle and to spend a little less; to makeupon the whole a family happier forhis presence; to renounce when thatshall be necessary and not to be embittered; to keep a few friends, butthese without capitulation; above all.on the same grim condition, to keepfriends with himself here is a taskfor all that a man has of fortitudeand delicacy.The Gloomy Englishman.The sap may be wildly running, thebirds may be making love, and the sunbrilliantly shining in a sky of exquisite blue, but in the heart of the average Englishman there seems a perpetual Good Friday, and In his mindthe fixed idea that life Is one long, unending Monday morning and .themonth eternally November. LondopTatler.A Discussion on Talk.Tommy Pop, what is the differencebetween a dialogue and a monologue?Pop when two women talk, my sorwit's a dialogue; but when a woman carries on a conversation with her husband it's a monologue. ExchangeA Puzzler.Willie Pa? Pa-Yes. Willkv-Tc" ier says we're here to help others. Pint course we are. Willie-Well. v ver1 the others bore tor - 'hn-; tNVws.,Vjm a-ji" --.-" -a .y ' ly '-iff1 --yv"'B5,?r""o 49sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 25, 1911.nnm""9T"THE BOURBON NEWSSWIFT CHAMP, Editor.PARIS, - KENTUCKYWill Remain Neutral.Refra1nig from taking part in theI) -.critic BKita.ris in lh city andc ry ha always been a policy clcse-lv adhered to by the News, and invi? of the approaching struggle between tke aspirants for the offices ofCoancraen in the three wards in thecity tfce News will follow this policyand deelfae to affiliate itself editorialwith either of the factions.In the pst we have observed that anewspaper in taking a stand with onefaction or the other in a heated primary election, an enmity is incurredand often years are consumed in aneffort to heal the breach occasioned bydifftriog from- one political faction,pr.-ftip13y so it that puriicukr factionsh.ttll meet defeat in the primaryelection.To this time we have not been approached by any member of eitherfaction in regard to supporting any ofthe candidates for these particularcity offices, nor have we in mind theidea of championing the cause of anycandidates or factions in the comingprimary.Prom present indications the campaign will be one of the warmest inthe history of city politics. Both sidesare backed by leaders eminentlycapable of commanding their forces inthe field on election day and from nowon a vigorouslcampaing will be pursued. We take- this occasoin of denyingour support to either faction and theNews in the campaign will remain onneutral ground. Any articles in regard to the campaign published in theNe'ws will not be regarded as beingour sentiments but will gain publication at the instance of faction favored by such articles and at the regularadvertising rate.Bluegrass Delegation HarryBack From Special CongressSession.With the departure of Representatives Rouse, Fields, Thomas and HelmTuesday evening, only five membersof the Kentucky delegation remain inWashington. They are Senator Bradley, who will go to his home in Louisville the last of the week, and Representatives James, Stanley, Johnsonand Sherley.'Representative James will go to Atlantic City in a few days with Mrs.James, who is in poor t health; Mr.Stanley will be-in and out of Washingrton for a fortnight or more, and Mr.Johnson, who is chairman of theCommittee on the District of Columbia, will remain several clays to windup his correspondence,Senator Payriter isih Kansas Cityon buisness and expects to reach hishome in Frankfort, Ky., Saturday.Representatives Langley and Cantrillleft for home Monday night. CalebPowers, Representative of the Elventhdistrict,is at his home in BarbourviIleHe has not been in Washington forsome time.Senator Bradley, who has been illfor several days, was able to be outto-day. Hejattended the closing hoursof this session of Congress and received the congratulations of his fellowSenators on his improvement inhealth.Capt. Tom Hanlon, of New Albany,secretary to Representative Cox, ofthe Third Indiana district, left Wednesday for his home.Representative Oscar Underwoodwill make a speech in the Eighth district when he comes to Kentucky, thisfall. He promised RepresentativeHarvey Helm that he would to-day.Mr. Helm thinks that he may decideon Shelbyville as the town to hear thej?reat Democratic leader and nativeKentuckian.Before he left for Kentucky Tuesday afternoon. Representative A. B.Rouse was notified by the post-officedepartment that in compliance withhis wishes they had established arural free delivery route to Grant,Boone county.Four minor notices of judgementsrendered against Kentucky provisiondealers for technical violations of thepure food and drugs act were made bythe Department of Agriculture today.Special Prices on Refrigerators.A few refrigerators at big reductions left at J. T. Hinton's.Clipped Moustache and WasFined.Ben Page, in the Franklin CcuntyCourt, was lined one cent and ccstsfor cutting off a piece of the moustache of J. W. Mitchell. The costswill amount to something like $14.The testimony showed that Page undMitchell were on a train on the F. &C. rairload, an that Page walked upt3 the seat where Mitchell was sittingand said: "I think you need a shave,"and without further ado snippqd offtfee ends of one side of his moustache..Mr. Mitchell was forced in self-de-icMe, to f ftcrifice the remainder of hisjnistftcHe.Br. Kenney Announces, rIn this issue of the News Dr. Wit,Kenney announces as a candidate forCouncilman from the Second Wzrdsubject to the action of the Democratic Primary September 22. Dr. Kenney served the city as Health Officerfor several years and in that capacityestablished a reputation as an honestan untiring official. If elected as amember of the Board of Council hewill no doubt serve with distinctionand horor to his rcnstitu?r.tF.May Die from Fall.According to reports there is yet butlittle 'uhop3 enteitained for the recovery of Miss Mary Ray, of 'Chicago,who fell forty feet fiom a ferriswheel at the Ewing fair in Flemingcounty, when a bolt in the car broke.Severe internal injuries may cause herdeath. Miss Lucy Stout, who was alsohurt, is rapidly recovering, and MissEstel Harvin, who was also reportedhurt, escaped injury by clinging to arod until rescued.Heir to Half Million.John W. Calvert, aged 25 a machinist of Louisville, has been informedthat he is heir to a fortune of $250,01)0,ready for hi? use November 1 andcoming from the estate of Sir GeorgeCalvert; consisting of 6,000 acres ofland in the city rf Baltimore. Iheproperty is valued at $12,000,000, andthere arc several Kentucky htiis."If I get this fortune, "said Calvert,"I shall continue to work." Theycungman is a native of Frankfort, Ky.Jailers Meet in Newcastle.Jailer W. S. Fitzgerald, of Danville,president of the Kentucky Jailers'Association, annoucnes that the nextannual meeting will he held in Newcastle, Henry county, September 5-6.Jailer Joe Farris, of this city, willattend the meeting of the jailers.Wild Dogs in Boyle.Wild dngs made an attiek on thecnickens of County Cleik John IJ.Nichols in Danville, killing over onehunrded. Other citizens in the samslocality lost heavily. There wereabout fifty dogs in the pack.Viox Sold to Pirates.Jimmy Viox, 'the fast little shortstop of the Lexington baEe ball team,h2s been sold to the Pittbsurg Club,of the National League, and will report to the Pirates at the close of theBlue Grass League season.Thirty Divorce Suits.Marriage in Maysville is a failure,that's a cinch. Thirty divorce suitshave been filed in the Mason CircuitCourt to come up at the Septemberterm.UptoDate Atlases and Globes.We have a full line of the HammondAtlases, Maps, and Globes in all sizes.They are up-to-date in eery particular. PARIS BOOK CO.County Institute.The Bourbon County Colored Teachers' Institute will be held in fjthis cityAugust 28. The Institute for thewhite teachers will be held in Lexington October 17. Teachers in the common schools must attend the" instituteas provided by Section 165 of theSchool Laws of Kentucky, which is asfollows :"Every teacher of a common school,including teachers of the graded common schools in cities of the fifth "andsixth classes, who hold a State diploma, State certificate or county certificate or who contemplate applyingfor a cretificate of qualification toteach in the common schools, shallattend the full session of the institutein his home county, unless he is teaching in another county in which theinstitute is yet to be held, or has attended the institute is yet to be heldor has attended the institute, of a county in which he has a contract to teach.If teaching in a county other than hishome county, whose institute is yet tobe held, he must attend the full session of the latter. The county superintendent shall revoke the certificateof any teacher who shall fail to neglect to attend the full session of theinstitute, unless the superintendentshall be fully satisfied that such failure has been caused by actual sicknessor other disability. After'the countyinstitute has been held, it shall be unlawful to grant any person a certificate to teach at any time during thatschool year, unless said person shallhave attended a full session of theinstitute of that or some other countyduring the school year, ur unless thecounty superintendent shall be fullysatisfied that the failure to attend theinstituteFhas been caused by illness orother disability."Immense Stock Wail Paper.Big variety of wall naner to selectfrom, and it must be sold. Bargainsfor you.J. T. HINTON.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESDemocrats and Republicans on theHouse Census Committee reached acomplbte agreement Monday night onthe Tobacco Census bill of Representative J. C. Cantrill. At the committee's suggestion Mr. Cantrill redraftedthe measure to meet certain suggestions of the committe and of E. DanaDurand, Director of the Census.That the drought has seriouslyaffected the corn throughout CentralKentucky, is attested by the buyinglast week in Louisville of a car load ofcorn by Charles H. Meng, of NorthMiddletown. Ihe car of corn cost Mr.Meng 71 cents per buahel delivered inPari?. Mr. Meng has to haul the cornto his farm near North Middletown, adistancb of ten miles.MT. STERLING CO URT. - Countyccurt day at Mt. Sttrlnig was largeljattended but little business was transacted. At the stock pens there wereabout 1,500 cattle on the market offair quality. Trade was fairly goodIna best 1,100 pound feeders sola ashigh as 3 cents ; yearlings at 4 1-2cents; heifer3 at from 3 1-2 cents io 4cents: covs 3 to 3 1-2 cents : bulls hi aL-z cents. iWhen Taanehiil Got the "BumpJesse Tannehill. ex-Red and Pirate,made his advent as a Bourbonke atMsysville Tueslay afternoon, when hejoined the Paris Club, in that city forseries of three games, loday hewill make his appearance on the gParisgrounds for the first time in seventeenvears.o The coming of Tannehill recalls theipp earatce cf the man from the'"bigsmoke" on the local grounds as a Redwhen he received hi3 "bumps" fromthe aggregation of amateurs whichFaris was then supporting.It came un the sixth of July 1894, enFriday, and. the score was 13 to 2.Tannehill came up with the'star bunchot Redlegs, and the team was made upof 'Dummy" Hoy, Holliday and McQuaid, who cavorted about the gardens ; Dwyer at first, "Biddie" McPhee at second, Canavan at short andVaughn on third. Tannehill hurledand Murphy caught.Tommy Lawrence, the Pleasurevilleboy, opposed Tannehill and MikeJtiehoe, who later went to the bigLeagues caught. The other positionson the Faris team were filled as follows : Myers, first base : Hornberger,Second base-Heidelman, third; Fuller, short; Brewer, left field, and Curtis, right.The contest was a complete walkaway for the Paris team and theBourbon News in its issue of July 10,1894, gave the following account ofthe game:"Tne Cincinnati Reds minusLatham played an exhibition gamewith the Paris Club at Riverside ParkFriday afternoon. The game was witnessed by about six hundred peoplewho cheered wildly as the gameprogressed tand the home club wonfrom the famous Reds, who had wonthe last twelve games played. TheReds thought they had a cinch andwere sure they would win in thesixth or seventh inning but theydidn't. Myers hit a hot grounder toleft field in the first inning for a homerun which set the crowd wild. TheReds scored two runs in the second inning, but failed to get a runner homeafter that inning, as their hits werescattered and wern well cared tfor bythe home team which played an almostfaultless f game, making only twoerrors. The local players touched upTannehill for two home runs, a threebagger and two doubles, besides someslashing singles. The Reds only madeseven hits off Lawrence who pitchedan excellent game. The heavy hittingof the home team and the difficultstops and one-handed catch by Curtiswere the features."Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfWarned to Leave MarshallCounty,Grant Smith, a farmer residing nearBenton, Marshall nounly, has receivedtwo letters warning him that he mustleave the county. Both letters aresigned "N. R." The first letter wasplaced in his mail rox July 15, and thesecond wss mailed from Hardin onAugust 15. Smith sajs that he believes that an organization of nightriders sent the two letters. For amonth he has been watching at nights,and says he has located the leader andwriter of the letters. Theoniciais nave Deen notinea, ana anarrest is expected to follow. Smith isnot a tobacco grower, and does notknow any reason for the anonymousletters, and says that he will remainin Marshall countylSchool Opening.E. M. Costello's school, Paris Academy, will open Monday, September 4.Thorough training and conscientiouswork in English, Mathematics, theClassics, English Literature and History. Number pupils limited.aug 8 22 sep 1Richmond and Paris Today.Richmond will be here this afternoon to try conclusions with the Bourbonites at White Park. The gamethis aftetnoon will be the last on thehome grounds for a week.Saturday the locals will meet Lexington at thelatter place, as a resultof an exchange of dates in the regularschedule, Lexington coming to Parisduring the Blue Grass Fair. Sundaythe Colts and Bourbonites will meetf oi the last , tilt of the season. Thegame will be played in Lexington anda rate of 60 cents for the round triphas been granted by the Blue GassTraction Company.Monday and Tuesday the locals willplay at Richmond. Wednesday will bean open date and the boys will have aday of rest before meeting Winchesterfor two games, Sept. 1 and 2. Sunday,September 3 will be the last Sundaygame of the season and the season willclose with the Rivermen in two gameson Monday, September 4Police Court.Riddley Reed, an old offender, wasin Police Court Wednesday morning ona charge of disorderly conuct, andJudge January assessed a fine of 20and costs. Josephine Bradley, colored, was before Judge January on thesame charge and received a fine of$7.50.Bargains in Books.We have seventy-five books of thebest fiction in our circulating libraryto sell at twenty-five cents each.PARIS BOOK CO.Last Week of Vaudeville.The coming week will mark theclose of the vaudeville season in thiscity, and the Grand Opera House willclose the season of this line of amusement. The management of the Grandannounces that there will be three excellent attractions at the theatre during the week of the fair.Rugs, Carpets and Matting.Low prices on rugs, wallmattings and carpets at .Hinton's.paper,J. T.. Is it a Fact?It was rumored on the streets yesterday that the Bourbon County Agricultural Society was going to hold afair this year.First Game On the WinchesterGrounds.The Directors of the Blue GrassLeague met in Lexintgon Wednesdaywith President Neal presiding and allclubs represented with tne exceptionof Maysville. President J. W. Baconrepresented the Faris Club.The directors decided that afterAugust 25 no player who was notunder contract and who had not reported prior to this date be allowed totake part in any game in the BlueGrass League during the remainder ofthe seascn.The question of the post-seasonchampionship serits of seven gameswas then taken up and discussed inregard to the time the series shouldstart and the division of the gate receipts. It vks decided that no playerwho was not under contract and whohad not reported five days previous tothe opening of the series lie allowed toparticipate in the championship gamesunless some player of the contestingclubs be injured and incapacitated forpiayuig. in cms event tne presidentsof the two clubs together with theleague president, should agree on. theplayer to be secured.The fiist game of the senes is to beplayed at Winchester, Wednesday,September 6,and the rerns-ining gamesare to continue at sucti time andplaces the management tf thewinning clubs shall agree, untilgames shall have been won lytwofouroneteam.The question of the division of thegate receipts was left in the 'hands ofthe owners of the clubs contesting forthe championship.It now looks as though ParisWinchester will fight it out forchampionship, as Winchester wonandthethepennant for the first half of the seasonand nothing short of a mirracie canKeep the Bourbonites from winningthe rag for the second half.TUESDAY. 'Paris .. 32 15 681Lexi'g'n 27 20 574M'y'sv'e 21 23 457Richm'd 21 25 457Fr'nkf't 20 26 435Win'ster 18 29 383added another tovictories over theTne Bourbonitestheir big line ofnivermen uesaay atternoon, but notuntil twelve innings of classy base ballhad been played. The winning runcame in the twelfth round after bothclubs had failed to get a man around.Scheneberg and Beer, opposed eachother on the mound and the former haddecidedly the best .of the argument,allowing but eight hits and passingone man. The Bourbonites touchedBeer for ten safeties while he gavetwo 'passes, the last which provedcostly.The locals fielded brilliantly allthrough the twelve rounds and put upa perfect, contest, not a misplay beingregistered against them.Goodman counted the winning runafter waiting out Beer. Kuhlman beatout an infield hit and both men advanced on Chapman's sacrifice.Scheneberg rolled one down the thirdbase line, upon which Goodman scored.Owing to the absence of a regularumpire, Tannehill and Harris officiated. The contention of the Maysvilleplayers was that Scheneberg's rollerwent foul, and Tannehill's decision ofa fair ball arouspd the indignation ofthe fans and team. According tn vp-postofficePris ine Dan was cleatly air, buti j j i i I, . .wouiu navu ronea ioui had not Beermade an attepmt to field the ball. Thescore 5Maysville... 0 0000000000 00Paris 00000000000 11Batteries Paris, Scheneberg andMayer Maysville, Beer and Holder.HitsParis 10, Maysville 8. ErrorsMaysville 1. Two base hit Mayer.Sacrifice hits Woodruff, Chapman.Bases on balls off Scheneberg 1, offBeer 2. Struck out by Scheneberg 7,by tfeer 7. Left on bases Paris 9,Mayaville o. Double plays Woodruffto Carmony to Woodruff. First baseon errors Paris 1. Time 2:15. Umpires Tannehill and Harris. Attendance 400.WEDNESDAY.Paris . . 32 16 667Lexi'g'n 27 21 563M'ys'v'e 22 25 468Richm'd 22 25 468Fr'nkf't 21 26 447Win'ster 18 30 375The Rivermen turned the tables onPat is Wednesday afternoon and woneasily by a csoie of 6 to 4. MeetingShears' slants squarely in the secondand third innings the Rivermen drovethe lengthy side-wheeler from themound in the hird frame. Maxweliwas substituted to put a stop to further run-getting.Maxwell proved very effective inthe succeeding sessions and in tho fiverounds held Shelton and his men to onehit, striking out five. Harris, acquired in a trade with Huntington, pitchedhis third consecutive game for histeam although he was hit harder thanthe'Paris hurlers.The features of the game were thefielding of Barnett, Chap -nan andShelton and the hitting of Mayer, whoout of four trips to the plate rippedoff three cleant.drives. Tannehill, whowent to the left garden when Maxwell'took Shears' place on the muund, pulled off twj nice catches and celebratedthe occasion by hitting out a two-bagger.The score :Paris 00030000 14Maysville ... 02400000 x-6Batteries Paris, Maxwell, Shearsand Mayer; Maysville, Harri3 andHolder. Hits Paris 8, Maysville 6.Errcrs Maysville 1. Eartied runsParis 3, Maysville 3. Two hase hitsClever, Maypr, Tannehill. Sacrificehit Wiley. Sacriciia fly Shelton.Bases on balls off Shears 3, off Maxwell 3. Left un bases Paris 7, Maysville 3. Five hits off Shears in threeinnings. Double play Chapman toBarnett First hase on errors Paris1. Hit by pitcher Harris, Maxwell.Time 2:00. Umpire Sinex. Attendance 350.Frankfort 3, Lexintgon 2. Winchester 2,. Richmond 4. vTHURSDAY.Paris . . 32 17 658Lexi'g'n 28 21 577Richm 'd 22 26 458Fr'nkf't 22 26 458Win'ster 18 31 367-M'ys'v'e 23 25489In the last game ot the series withthe Hvermen Paris lost a pretty contest by a score of 1 to 0. Shears andHauser opposed the mighty-Romineand the latter came out the better (nthe finish. The score :Paris 0-0000000 00Maysville..,.; 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0-1Batteries Paris, Shears, Hauserand Mayer; Maysville, Romine andHolder. Earned runs Maysville 1. ,Two base hits Langenham, Wiley.Three , base hits. Shelton. Stolenbases Carmcny, Goodhian, Chapman.Base on balls off Romine 1. Struckout by Shears 2, by Hauser 1, byRoimne 8. Hits off Shears 4 in sixinnings. Left on bases Paris. 6,Maysville 4. Double play Clever toCarmony. Umpire Sinex.Lexington 3, Richmond 2. Frankfort4, Winchester 3.A Meal in a Moment.Bouillon Cubes, a most delicious andsustaining beef drink. Improvessoups, gravies, etc.22 2t BRAMBLETTE & TARR.To My Friends and Home' Peoule:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingf ord.All accounts due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 If YERKES & KENNEY.gacBBcanMri.imisj'ji,'-iEflWMM hpiwii n w n m nFine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Best cash business in the city. Terras to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDW IN BROS.FOR SALE,International Corn Husker good asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.23 tf R. F. D. No. 3.FOR, illNow in My Handsfor. Collection.Office First National Bank.Stamps MCity CoJSectorExcursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVISunday, Aug. 27, '11Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. mreturning leaves Cincinnati 4th St!station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A."For God's Sake Do Something"" avo answorea tmi cryIn our now book "FiRhtincthe 'lrafho in Young Girla'7by rrnest A. Boll. U. S.JJJstnct Attorney Sims andothers. m The most sensational indictment o theVhite SIao Trade eerpublished. It tells howthousands of young girlsOrO lured from thAi,- fcninnaannually and sold into a Imo ot 6namo. The Cincinnati Inquirer says, "Of allthohontqof ihn tnmn v, v.on the Vrtiito SlaTe Trade is tho Imost Helpful; it aaoald bo ready, every man, womau andS o . k , A&nt are making fromS3 to ill a sdlin8 Ms book.OverMOpgg. Many pictures.CITYcoreiiMD-iMniumT ceiojitriiiwiLTggWrtwetorn C.. 1 p.t.Q.. WhwlW T;9Jf aster's SaleOP ,i JTB 1 IP 4- 4rBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT; 'W. A. Gsines & Co., " - - Bliri'nSififevs.Henry Clay DfidraCBy virtue of. a judgment andorirosale made and entered in the' abovestyled action at the June terra, lfcll,of the Bourbon Gircuit Court, thaundersigned Master Commissioner othe Bourbon Circuit Court, will enSaturday, August WX 1911at the ccurt house door in the city ofParis. Ky , about 11 o'clock a. m., sa!lthe property described in the judgment and ordered to be said in tniaaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaint iff ' judgment and costs beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit olsix months, to-wit:A certain houe and parcel of groiimiJrn the waters cf Hinkston creek in thaown cf Shiposville, Bourbcn couaSy,Ky., particularly described as follows;Begirning at a stone corner to LewiPetprs, running with the road 22 dyard3 to a stone on the same side ofthe road, thence west 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thencS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters' corner xthence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser will be required toexecute benis for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interest3t the rate of six per cent per annum,from date until paid, payable to theundersigned Master Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amounting,on the day of sale to $86.45, and ccstsof thi3 action, including the costs ofsale amounting to the sum of $83.32,amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $149.77.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.BOURBON. CIRCUIT UOURT.' ;nna Massie, Executrix, &c. "On petition.By virtue of a judgment fand orderof sale made and entered in the above;styled action at the June term, 1911; 'ot the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will on'Saturday, August 26t, 1911at the court house door in the city-oftParis, Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., dricredi's of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money sellat public auction to the highest and;best bidder the property described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit: .The property to be sold consists fofa lot and warehouse thereon Jin Paris,.Ky., adjoining the right of way of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company and decsribed as folllows:A certain brick warehouse'and lot inParis, Bcurbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thefront by said street 103 feet beginning:at the corner of the brick warehousenow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcratt at a point marked A on theside towards the Kentucky CentralRailroad and iunning from said corneralong said Main cros3 street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram maiked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked C on the diagram, th&wall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehouse;being on the line. ; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance cf 30 feet running along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central passenger depot to the corner of the bousemarked D on the diagram given herein ; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of61 1-2 feet; thence from the pointmarked E at-the end of Hutchcraft'swarehouse along the line of said warehouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedP on the diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches, and thence from sairI corner aloncr the said sir?p nf cairiwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie hydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety bearing interestat the rate.of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, having the forceand effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be acceDtpd for 1p?5 than$8,000.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneyp.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer."Ui On the s'treets.of Paris- aM LClass Pin. Owner can have" same bypaying for 8dvertis?ment: ' 'J(asiers$ OaieOF0ty Propertyvt' yTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 25, 1911.il1rhOCRBON NSWS.vALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGg aad Poay Show Coining.e Robinson dpg and pony showexhibit m Paris on Mcnday,.bmcr 11.f ekf$ for f aH footwear.Lxcursienist Pass Through.ur ccacres of excurisor.ists passedjgh Paris yesterday enroute fromi mgsbtig to Fiankt' rt The jollyiy spent the dsy in the capital re-u:ng yesterday evening.Fanners Institute.!e Bourbon County Famiirs' Instii i will hold a two days' session atcourt house in this city September, i d 6. The sessions will be underdi recti sn of Mr. John G. Blairexcellent proicam has been arrang' tor -the occasion.Home Grown Peaches.The finest home grown peaches youer tasted..2t SAUER.Move to Maysviile.C pt. ard Mr. Dave Thompsonmoved to Maysviile Wednesday iromthis city, where they will make their:uture noire. Capt. Thompson succetc Capt. James Dunn as conductoron the Mayville division ot the L. &K.Seed Wheat and Seed Rye.See us before buying your seedwheat and seed rye.22 4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Leaves for Indianapolis.C. A. Benton, who was formelyemployed as operator of the movingpicture machine at the Grand, leavestoday for Indianapolis, Ind , where hewill accept a position with the B, H.Leiber film exchange as inspector andtravel in that capacity through Central and Eastern Ohio.School Opening.Mrs. Lizzie Wakler will organize herschool Monday, Septembe 4. Yourpatronage solicited. 11 6tFirst National Buys Property.The First N'aticnl Bark has purchased propeity running through fromBroadway to Fourth street, in the rearof tne banking room now occupied byit, and will utilize the space in erceting a building for clercial work and adirectors' room. The improvementswill be commenced in a few dajs.Bargains in Books.We have seventy-five books of thebest fiction in our circulating libraryto sell at twenty-five cents each.22 2t . PARIS BOOK CO.Vagrants in Court.Mary Agnes Cage, Carrie Fisher,Florence Harper and Hutchey Evans,four colored women of the negrosuburb of Claysville, arrested by Constable 8. N. McKinney, were tried before Squire L. J. Fretwell Wednesdayon the charge of vagrancy and giventhirty days in jail at hard labor.School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland will open her private school on September 4 for classification. Work will beign September11. Number of pupils limited. Yourpatronage solicited. 15 8tContracts Let for Cottages.The Stivers Lumber Co. has beenawarded the contracts for thev erectionof the Lilletson cottages jn Higginsavenue.Mr. Logan Howard Tuesday let toMr. Thomas Arkle the contract for theerection of a five-room cottage on hislot on Higgins avenue.Teachers Awarded Certificates.The follwoing teachers recentlyunderwent an examination and rceieved county certificates j Miss MaragretEvans, of ML Sterling, who will teachin the new graded school at LittleRock ; Miss Mary Gorham, who willhave charge of the school at Clintonville. Mr. Winn Lyle, who will teachthe Hill school ; Miss Jessie Reeves, ofCynthiaana, who will teach at RuddlesMills.Blue Crane Killed.Mr. Geo. Pepper, residing on theClintonville pike, near this city, Tuesday morning killed a blue crane on hisplace which was the largest specimencf the bird ever seen in this section.The bird measured 6 feet 4 inchesfrom tip to Up and when standing up-rignt was aoout tne neignt ui an urui-nary man. The fowl was disposed orto Buck Freeman, the ccloied barber,who, after his own fashion, cleanedand cooked the bird, which he declaredfurnished a delightful meal.Ready for Use.Use no salt, soda, sour milk or baking powders. Carr's Superior PatentJFlourdoes the work. For sale by25 2t BRAMBLETTE & TARR.Beverage Will Remain in Paris.The many friends of Harry "Rags"Beverage, the popular piano player atthe Grand Opera House, will be gladto learn he will remain in Paris for ayar at least. Mr. Beverage a fewdas ago contemplated a change, andwps about to close a contract with acompany in Knoxville for a lengthyengagement, out realizing inau msposition would be difficult to fillManager Porter secured his name to acontract for an engagement of twelverronths During the winter he willrlav at the Comet and the Grand. Mr.Beverage and his estimable wife, whohave been boarding with Mrs. -MariaB 4fo-H, vill go to' houseeeping assro a trey can srcire a suitableresidenc .PERSONAL MENTION;Mrs. A. B. Luvell and children arevisiting in Carlisle.Dr. G. S. Varden was a visitor inMaysviile Wednesday.Miss Jernie Howard has returnedfrcm Lhautauqua, N. Y.Mr. and Mrs. rlarry Simon have,returned from Npw York.Mr. and Mrs. W. Ed Tucker havereturned frcm New York.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird is inChicggQ on a business trip.Mrsip Elizabeth Dundon is visitingin Nicholas county,M:s. Jennie Kenney Lysle, wss avisitor in Milkrsburg. yesterday.Miss Effie Paton is the guest ofMrs. Nancy Edwards in Richmond.Mrs. P. M. Heller has returnedfrom a visit lo relatives in Vaceburg.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Starrierentertaind Tuesday evening at cards. JDr. F. L. Lapsley has retrunedfrom a business trip to Pennsylvania.Mrs. Lbuis Early wine has returned fiom a visit to relatives in Cincinnati.Mis. Win. Birchfield, of CannelCity, is visiting her Lister, Mrs. HenryPower.Miss Julia Cla-k is visiting MissKathryn Turney at Washington. Masancounty.Mrs. L. M. Tribble has returned!from a week's visit to relatives inCarlisle.Mrs. Lincaster, of Lexington, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. J. W.Ferguson.Mrs. Clarke Barnelt is the guestif her'falher, Prof. C. L. Martin, inLouisville. 'Mr. Douglas Armstrong, ofChicago, visited in Paris Tuesday andWednesday.Miss Frankie Whaley i3 visitingMisses Mattie and Ruby Stivers inLexington.Bernard Santen has returned fromCincinnati where he spent his vacationwith relatives.Mrs. L. B. Purnell and daughter.Rebecca are visiting, Mrs. J. K. Smithin Dayton, Ky.Mrs. Alex Mellinger and dauchter,Miss Elizabeth are visiting in Cincinnati and Toledo.Mrs. Maria Bedford was taken tothe Good Samaritin Hospital Tuesdayfor an operation.Mr. Monin Moore returned yesterday after spending a few days atFrench Lick, Inidana.Mrs. Hobert Adams, of Cincinnati, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Saure, near this city.Mrs. Kirby Muir, of Lexington isthe guest of her sister, Alls. NewtonTaylor, near this city.0 Mrs. Lizzie Walker has returnedfrom Lake Chautauqua, N. Y., whereshe spent the summer.Miss Madeline Herzog, of Cincinnati, was the guest this week of heraunt, Mrs. Ike L. Price.Mrs. Clarence Plummer has returned to Wheatly, Ark., after a visitto relatives in this county.Mrs. Sallie Bashford, who is confined to her home on Pleasant streetwith a sprained back is improving.Mr. Southgate Chandler, ofHarrodsburg, is visiting his brother,Mr. Taylor Chandler, in this city.Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Henry, whohave been on an extended trip toNiagara Falls, have returned home.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Giltner haverented apartments in the "Robneel"and will shortly move there to reside.Misses Mary and LielaClark entertained at their home on South Mainstreet Tuesday afternoon with a lawnparty. vMiss Marie Bloomfield, of Winchester, was the guest of Mr. andMrs. I. L. Price Wednesday andThursday.Mrs. Elizabeth Rogers and MissMary Kenney left Tuesday forChatauqua, N. Y., where they willattend the National Stenographer'sConvention.Mrs. Wm. Ferguson, of near thiscity, is ill with typhoid fever inChicago, where she was visiting whenshe suffered the attack. Her mother,Mrs. P. D. Smith, of Scott county iswith her.Mr. J. W. Brown and wife, whomoved from Paris to Humbolt, Tenn,,last fall, will return to this city toreside and Mr. Brown will again represent the Lexington Laundiy.Mrs. Juila Houston had as herguests last week at her home in thecountry Mr. and Mrs. Warfield Smith,of Ludlow, Kv. ; Mr. and Mrs. A. B.Wages, of Northside, and Mr. andMrs. A. J. Pattreson, of Hyde Park,Cincinnati.Mrs. Amne Pricthard. of this city,and Mrs. Allie Dixon, of NorthMiddletown, left yesterday forMackinac. They will make a tour ofall the leading cities on the GreatLakes and will be absent for an extended period."Aunt Liz" Smith, of C.vutbiana.is the guest of her brother, Mr. B. F.Remington on Houston avenue. Mrs.Smith is probably the best knwon andmost Tpopular woman of her age inCentral Kentucky, being in theeighties'and is enjoying the best ofhealth.A news note from Winchestersays: "President J. L. Clark, ofKentucky Wesleyan College, andfamily arrived in this city Mondaythey have rented the reisdence ofhon. A. Floyd Byrd.on College street,and began at once moving into theirnew home."Miss Nancy Griffith has returnedfrom a visit tp her sister, Mrs. PowellBosworth, at Middlesboro. MissCarolyn Roseberry, who was -Mrs.Bosworth's guest, also returned home.She has entirely recovered from thesevere attack of tonsolitis which shesuffered while there.Mr. Withers Davis returned testnight from a ten days' visit to FrenchLick Springs.Mrs. Sol Spears, who 'has beenvisiting relatives in this county forseveral" weeks, has returned to herhome in Columbia, Mo.Miss Helen Bruner, cf Covington,will arrive today to spend several dayswitn Dorothy Good wit at M-rs.Douglas Thomas' on Scott avenue.Mr, and Mrs F. R. Shrlladay. ofPortland, Ore., will arrive Satursy tube the guests cf Mr. and Mts. 0. P.Carter. Mrs. Shelladay was formerlyMiss Tom Jones, ef Lexington.Mrs. P. P. Clay, Jr., eniertah edwith a dinner party Tuesday eveningfor Miss Mildred White, of Paris,Tenn., the guest of Mrs. ThompsonTarr. A delightful fcur-cour3e dinneras served. Those present were:Mrs. Whits and Miss White, of Paris;Tenn., Miss Martha Ferguson, Mr.and Mrs. Ihompson Tarr, Mr. andMrs. Frank Clay and Miss Tipton,Messrs James and Woodford Buckner.Di. and Mrs. Fiank Fithian entertained with a delightful party Tuesdayevening at tluir home on Houstonavenue for their son. GeorgeWhite Fithian, and his cousin,Miss Sarah Thompson. At beautifullyappointed tables en the lawn frappewas served. At the tables, whiuhwere illuminated with candles, refreshments of ices, cakes, mints andnuts were served, and at each platiwas a pretty favor. There were aboutsixty of the young people present andtiie evening was tnorougnly enjoyed.Fountain Pens.Celebrated John Holland FountainPens from $1 up. Guaranteed.PARIS BOOK CO.Class in Music.O'Mng to the fact that she will beabsent from the cityduring the comingwinter. Miss Nellie Buckner hasassigned her class in music to MissWillie T. Summers, who will open herschool uf instruction in piano on September 1. Miss Summers is a formerstudent of Miss Buckner and for twoyears student at the College ot Muiscin Cincmnnati, completing her coursein June. She is an accomplished musician and well eiualified in every respec to assume the charge tenderedher by Miss iiuckner. Miss Summerswill have a studio at the city schoolouilding and also at the residence otMiss Jaynes on High street.Close Prices on Wall Paper.I am making soma specially closeprices on wall pipr.J. T. HINTON.BIRTHS.Born, Wednesday, August 23 tothe wife of Mr. Julian Frank, neeTaylor, a son.Born, Wednesday, August 23the wife of Mr. N. F. Brent, a son.toBargains in Wall Paper.Look at my bargains in wall paper.Expert dcenrators ready to fill yourorders promptly.J. T. HINTON.RELIGIOUS.Elder Carey E. Morgan willpreach to the congregation of theChristian church Sunday morning.Rev. 0. B. Crockett will be in hispuplit at the Methodist church Sundaymorning at 10:45. Sunday school at9 :30 a. m. No services at night,Union services will be held at theChristian church Sunday evening.Rev. O. B Crockett, of the Methodistchurch, will preach the sermon.Special Sale Saturday.One pound Imported Talcum withone 25 cent jar Greaseless Cream,both for 25 cents.OBERDORFER,The Druggist.MATRIMONIAL.A marriage license was issuedWednesday to Miss Belle Bishop andEdward C. Boots.A marriage license was issuedMonday by County Clerk Pearce Patonto Mr. E. L. Bramel and Miss PearlAnderson.Mr. Riley Simms and Miss IvaLee Rawlings, of Connorsville, Harrisun county, were married in the parlors of the Fordham Hotel in thiscityyesterday morning at 7 oVIoek, rJderCarey E. Morgan officiating.Mr. Phil Heller, son of Mr andMrs. P. M. Heller, of this city, andMiss Ethel Terry, of Buena Vista, 0 ,were married at Portsmouth, 0., onAugust 17. The bridegroom, who formerly made his home with his parentsin this city, is a steamboat pilot onthe Ohio river.The marriage of Miss Russia Gay,the sixteen-year-old daughter of Mr.and Mrs. J. E. Wade, of Donaldson,Nicholas county, and Mr. TheodoreHerman Stagg.of Montgomery county,took place at the North MidletownChristian church Monday. They willreside in Canada, where the bridegroom will enter the real estate business. FirstClass Barber Shop,Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal i3 nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch a1turn and get a first-class shave in- ?short space of time. Hot a nd cold !baths ard polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfSouthdown Earns for Sale.Extra niceimported rams.Southdown rams byA. S. THOMPSON. 'ANNOUNCEMENTS.We arc- authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Coun-1cilmen from their respective Wards, "suuject to the action of the Democratic City Primary Septeinher 22,1911:FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks..C. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND WARD.W. O. Ilinton. .C. E. Butler. . ,J. Simms Wilson. 'THIRD WARD. -narry Baldwin.JWe are authorized to announce Dr.Wm. Kenney as a candidate for Colin- icilnian from thp Second Ward in thecity of Par if subject to the Democratic primary September 22,se your eyesand listento the great artists singing" onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to e n j o y thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.DaisghsrtyBros.eI will sell you LAWN andbeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKSjC'1''"-'" mU' MlLfJU-H-U'H IHUNII.II Wl "I l'Tl,Jly j ijgXjm 9 H TxU1C1 I HAVE SOMEI TO OFFER YOU ON .L 'I -f!lfl"l':iviil "I ConraracsParls9 2E37Funeral Directors and Ernbalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hin-top,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.a'HgB-BLAST CUT2 LawnsHosiery, EtciW 1We are snowing the prettiest line of Ginghams, HFlanelettes, Kirnbna Crepes, Outings and Madras.COME LOOKniii t'niiwi n m i in i hihiii)iwiiiiiii .mm1. i .in .iiWm S5IFor This WeekTJC7t.-4. Ct.1-1- TD-.- TnZstn -i--lVVmitJ OctlL JDclcuii, muc cuium "Japan Rice" (broken)' 'Sun Beam" Baking PowderSf "Golden Gate" Apricots andpack, 2 1-2'lb. cansf "Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack1 "Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb.8 bars Lenox Soap for6 bars of Ivory Soap foenp.i rresn l ies, OciKtJbSrS?SEKCS5Srrair--T'.rj.vww in and Get Them.WALL PAPERPORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.' ffXSSSSCJSOi ,93aBB&B&BaLH?taash Goods, Shirt Waists, 1g.THEM OVER.iiiiiihi iim mniin.'i nninn in i'ii iiii rn wrmrfiTfirn rti urn ttti iiu""l-r--i ciwirp "I O 1 O nav lr mliccm obiipo x j.-ii ycx u otper lb. 5cper can 5cPeackes, California15conly - 65csack only 60c-25c.-. 25ccum -Dre.u. uany.RICESCarpets,MattinandRus.mhpscMs. iMjojJhj O ASss& ssis a.vwmzmvuKUVNizntuvia.JCmmi -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST -25, 1911.l"'!4i43IfW!R41 $Mv.How the Dollar Is Divided.Usually & dollar that isvpaid to atelephone company Is divided up as-follows: Rent, 4 cents; taxes, 4cents; Interest, 6 cents; surplus, 8cents; maintenance, 16 cents; dividends, IS cents; labor, 44 cents.Beauty and Brains.Beauty and brains seldom go together, but when they do brains is prettysure to be a poor second.In the Future.Some years hence the men nowknown as farmers may be referred toas "the wealthy land owning class,"and cease to be 'the subjects of special solicitude.9Heaven.More people would be trying to getto heaven if it could be promised thateverybody is to have a public officethere.A CyfcER LzlutldL-THEMiilersoorgThe Millersburg Militatv Institute is located in the heart of the BuieGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States, beautiful grounds and buildings. Hoc water heat and electric lights. Atnleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted without;examination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition." Terms $300 Per Scfiooi Year for board,tuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COL. C. M. BEST, Principal,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.M5KMWL$g&1RWKzWfowvum&mfoWfaWtoMtemtewjiMtJiWMmacv.A"0'.:ii'a-ii'wd-i'-ijf! zxrz?xz0iz0.'T2irrI TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentFedor Koorr.tch, the Hermit, May HaveDeen a Russian Czar.A curious legend is associated withthe name of Alexander I. of RussiaIt is to the eHect that the emperor m1S23 was sojourning in the CrimeaWhen near Taganrog his coachman bysome means managed to overturn thecarriage of a court courier namedMarkof, who was killed. The emperor, wishing to rid himself of thecares of state, so the story runs, caused it to be reported that it was hehimself who was killed. Then he carried out a plan which he had for longconceived of retiring to Siberia andliving there under an assumed name.Schilder, the historian, professes tohave satisfied himself that at allevents the remains in the Cathedralof Peter and Paul are those of thecourier. Schilder asserts that he learned this much from the children ofMarkof.According to the legend, AlexanderI. of Paissia died in Siberia in 1S04,but history records that he died atTaganrog in 1S23. It seems that in1823 a mysterious stranger appearedin Siberia. He gave his name as Fedor Kosmich and never revealed anyother or the place whence be came.He lived the life of a hermit and wasreceived generally with respect. In1S5G he accepted the invitation of arich merchant to take up his abode inhis house at Tomsk. There he wasvery retired and held communicationonly with Mile. Kromof and the merchant, her father. Every one whosaw him was struck with his extraordinary resemblance to the defunct czar. The Grand Duke Nicholas Michailovitch contributed an article in the Revue Historique in whichhe denied the sensational part of thestory, but admitted that the hermitof Siberia might have been a naturalbrother of Alexander I. LondonGlobe.!8wtaii'i iii .International Gasoline IENGINE"We are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the oppoitunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines we have made stillgreater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our New BuildingTwin BroLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.IRISH BROGUE.All Types of Ensilage and Feed Cutting MachineryBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.2r,c7irpu"L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Traixis A.rrrve:n. from34 Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 26 am134 Lexington, Ky., Daily o.23 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. . .8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dt?ily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday lu.uz am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.05 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pm39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.29 am-30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6 15 pm32 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 27 pm14 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.17 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pmTrains IDe-part.No. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.33 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am4n Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily . . .'. 10.18 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 11.52 am26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm38 Cincinnati. O., Daily 3.35 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily r 6.22 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.25 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily! Except Sunday 6.25 pm" 30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.85 pm' 31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.48 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pmIt Is Really the Old Time Method ofPronouncing English.Perhaps nothing illustrates betterthe vicissitudes of pronunciation inEnglish than a study of what is calledthe "Irish brogue." This lingual mode,for It is scarcely to be called a dialect,is usually presumed to be a deterioration of language due to lack of education and contact with legitimatesources of English. It proves after alittle study to be a preservation of theold method of pronouncing English,which has come down to a great degree unchanged in Ireland from Shakespeare's time.In Elizabeth's time, however, It cameto be realized that if there -was to beany real affiliation of the two countriesthen the Irish language must be supplanted by English, and a definite effort in this direction was made. Thischange of speech, resented and resisted, was nevertheless successfully accomplished all over the island exceptin the west within a decade afterShakespeare's death. This fact takeson a new significance when we studywhat we now call the Irish brogue inconnection with what is known to havebeen the pronunciation of English atthat time. The two are found to conform in practically every respect.Irishmen pronounce English as theirforefathers learned it and have preserved its pronunciation because theyhave been away from the main current of English speech variation eversince. Harper's Magazine., Dislikes Statue of Bacchus.Life is disturbed by the presentation of a life-size statue of Bacchusto the University of Pennsylvania. "Isan effigy of this heathen person, deceased long ago and deservedly as aconsequence of his habits, a suitableembellishment for a college of youngmen?" it asks, indignantly.Endures for AgeUncalled For Courtesy.The Vicomte Q'oussaint was formerly a colonel in the French army andmayor of Toulouse. He was a braveman and a dashing officer. Duringone of the hottest engagements ofa terrible year of war, noticing tbathis troops were bending forward un-'der a galling fire to escape the bullets of the enemy while he alonemaintained an erect position, he exclaimed, "Since when, I should like toknow, has so much politeness beenshown to the Prussians?" The sarcasm took instantaneous effect, for thesoldiers rushed forward and carriedeverything before them.Since Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for cur freeSuperior Catechism No. 33Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.jMammMmMiinBowrimiw riWiwiwMP-HM1'1111'1saasgraiR737K;mwMAimmWt.im1$TWIN BROS.Department Store This WeeksApronsJlOc, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores jn One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyMiDevoted to Duty."Are you ever coming to bed?" liecalled out"I don't know," she replied. "Ipromised Mrs. Jones that I'd keeptrack of her husband while she isaway, and I'm going to know whattime he comes home if I have to stayup all night" Detroit Free Press.IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains .A-rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.15 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only -. 10. 00 pmTrsuins 3De;pirt7 o. TOll Frankforb"& Louisville, Sunday Onlv ' 7.10 amFrankforb & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ". 7.43 am81 ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.53 amSlFrankfort, Ky, Daily2Except Sunday , .t .:. .5.'55 amWent Further."Didn't I tell you that when youmet a man in hard luck you ought togreet him wtih a smile?" said the wiseand good counselor."Yes," replied the flinty souled person. "I went even further than thatI gave him the grand laugh." Washington Star.Martin Bros.,Livery Men,EighthStreet, Paris, Ky.E Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.&We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.It's not made for anv certain climate, hnf ?q mnr?o n witv.e.o,, t,weather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARH Pnnprwawill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold,it s made by our secret process and is universallv ?inlnwiprfrrorf ,ONLY absolutely Derfect roofincr. Arrmlcramnfod AT?H. , . ,. j. --- -a- fevw.t. iUWouumaru. ana Taxes me same injone and OIsx,uuriiu is srannnrn nnn tairaa hck comn in- iap - -- - wuwd u.vi aa.11.1.; iiioixiojitic raic as siatc orjiieuu. uur agents are autnnri7Pri tr rAtnnri mnnov n -pn ; a, igamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.9 AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, 111.??aris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Forget Them.If you would increase your happinesstnd prolong your life forget your neighbors' faults. Forget the slanders youhave ever heard. Forget the faultfinding and give a little thought to thecause which provoked it.A Sensible Start."My wife has joined the reformmovement""What .does she propose to do first?""Get some reliable woman to takecare of baby." Pittsburg PostRoom For Improvement.Agent Wouldn't you like to try ournew typewriter for a spell, sir? Business Man Not if it spells like the oneI'm employing now, sir. BaltimoreAmerican.Cured by the Marvel of the1 fpCentury. B. B. B. tested Tor d30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges ot yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is- not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, M113 ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. ItnPPris attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. Bsends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just where it is needed, andtn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure or eauarrn in an ils ,iuruia,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for titme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co.. Atlanta, Ga. Describevour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Oie uy varuen uo pm.Bigger and Better Than EverNINTH ANNUALn(OMStateFair!..XOUISVIIXESEPTEMBER 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 1911.FIX BE THERE ! WILL YOU?-THRILLING FREE ACTS DA1LY--RACING- - LIVE STOCK SHOW--FINE HORSES - - GOOD MUSIC-CLEAN MIDWAY - EDUCATION-HEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MORE CLASSES AND LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information or catalogue write toA PERRY- M. SHY, Secretary,H) . ' ' No. 320 Paul Jones Building(cmJO)el IlTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 2S, 1911rje HappyHappy ihe girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been, asufferer, happy is she if she I;as learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It 13 a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands. It should do the same for you.mHIMrs. Mary Necly, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies Advisor Dcpt., Chattanooza Medicine Co.. ChaftanonM TVnnfor Special Instructions, and 64-page bock,K&DR.DOLLE'SIkTOTITIITC Where MEN are CURED.IflOlllUIE LET ME CURE YOU!FlhCSTCQUIPPCD INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHEUNITED STATESNOT MANY MILESTO COMEUHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT AVERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAYFAMOUS FOB 20 TEARS.Difficult Surgical Operations performedI xnih ekill and success -when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGESOf amy Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cared.TOUIfG 31EX AND AL.Ii MEN, COME.0 1 1 EC PERMANENT CURE, withouttlaCO the knife. One treatment cures.VARICOCELENO KNIFE. Cared iaOne Treatment.DHOTI IDE? Stricture, Etc. CuredKUrl UnCj by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Boils, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys, f Madder and Prostatetrland. Rheumatism, Nerrous Troubles.UVnDflfCIC Cured in One Visit. No21 1 UnUuClX knite. No danger.All caes guaranteed and accepted on the"'PollePlan'' of not one dollar to be paid unlesscared. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. DoIIo cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and wntotoday for 64 pasre Rook Free, winch is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated ith sacred con'iidence. When you write to me, describe yourdifpase fully to me so that I can write you justwhat is needed in your case.52J Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.Cured by the fvSarvci of the JCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take 13. 15. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All syinpthoms healquickly. Blood ib masa pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, health condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstease of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for ho;.ie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical ad vice given.Sold by Varden & Son.SALTERNEWThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every eraincrowing: country under theSun it is said to be tho bestyet by all whonseitorseeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersare: lightness of draft:handiness of operation:durability of construction: ability to do perfect work in any kindof gram; accuracysure work of knotter:absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCeatnry is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, ananow give it itsiPOISONMEm mathM MAHF RYAB - Lmnl W ljt H I c H you1 &W. "ThmI CAjN"fi I f?" Imost ciionsnii B J JMjrOPZffl? JJjjF1' HB one a uinder thatJBoLiJJygPsafeS .-.?J 3 BYerkes &9"Koine Treatment for Women," sent free. J 56;upeCost SandarnesSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.WW ! Ill III! IIBI1HIIM ! IWIWIIH TlbE3&K&EESE23Zi I have losatpd in Paris fcr the pui-pose of.conducting a generalCoraEractimgamdBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordbamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j QleW.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceAdministrator's Notice.All persons 'having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased, will have same properly proven according to law and filed witn the'undersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN, -Administratorwith the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmWOODBINDERwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforedecide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardBmstm today ask forCatalogTT V LUwU 1 JLisAA1M9 rv 71 HePritchard.Professional CardsJ J. WIIiTTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Buildine:.Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, "Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglOtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpSfcairsSOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offlces,"Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, KentuckyHot andColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.0 Determan,BRICKSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., Thones'586.Tortured for Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble that baffled doctor, and resisted all remedieshe tried, John W. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Falls Victim to Thieves.S. W. P.ends, of Coal City, Ala., hasa justifiable grievance. Two thievesstole his health for twelve years.Theywere a liver and kidney trouble.ThenDr. King's New Life Pills throttledthem. He's well now. Unrivaled fo.constipation, malaria, headache, dyspepsia. 25c at Oberdorfer's.stops wasting;strength isummerDRUGGISTSWASH THAT ITCH AWf.YIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin theso waters you could be icUeedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a tilp tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last eent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring Instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried it, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. Ye assure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden' & Stn.jitmk EangbornI is taken by pI cal countries1 round.- It1 keeps up thevitality mI as winter.1 ALLA BunchHERE is thecard?" cried RuthAshton as sheopened a box containing a gorgeous bunch ofviolets."It's anonymous," she exclaimed joyously."From some un-known admirerwho cares somuch that he'safraid to sign hisname.""Can't you guesswho sent them?"questioned hersister Jane, anxiously. "Don't youthink they're from Cousin Rob?""Cousin Rob! I should say notCousins are not apt to send thosekind of bouquets all tied in chiffon ribbons." "It may be from George Butler, whosings in our choir. That's just whoif s from. Not long ago we were discussing our favorite flower and I remarked I just adored the modest violet. Talking is not much on his line,but the way he turns my music is aperfect education.""Has he ever shown you any special devotion? Don't be too positive;you may be mistaken," suggestedpractical Jane."No, I'm sure he's the Mr. Anonymous. 'When they're most' devotedthey're usually diffident to show itIt must have taken a whole week'ssalary to pay for that bouquet," added Ruth, who was prone to exaggeration. Ruth was on the shady side of 20;very little happened to disturb theeven tenor of her life. All her dayssho had craved for admiration fromthe opposite sex, but no one was thewiser. The last few years she haddevoted her time to teaching in thesettlements, joining in the activitiesof different woman's clubs.At the meeting of the Service clubthat afternoon when Ruth read herpaper, the violets were pinned on herwaist with their faces toward hers asif begging to be admired and loved.While reading herreport on children's play groundsshe was fairly radiant, saying toherself, "I wonderif they all know Ihave a beau?"One of the committee said to her inthe most naturalway, "You musthave a specialfriend," vith ameaning glance atthe corsage bouquet. "I have, but don'tmention it as yet,"she answered quietly. The news spreadlike wild fire, andthere were manyTook Her Home.conjectures as to who the mysteriousparty was. All were happy in herhappiness. At last Ruth was goingto make a grand match, judging fromthe violets.Returning from the club, Ruth metMr. Butler as he turned the corner inhis red car. Stopping his automobilehe asked if he might not take herhome. Ruth joyfully acquiesced, thinking this would be a good opportunityto acknowledge his gift.George Butler was amazed duringthe short ride to find how differentRuth was. He bad always found hercold and indifferent. Today she wasa Sweet, charming girl, sparkling,witty and interesting."May I call for you to go to churchtomorrow evening?" he asked as theyreached her home."Do come; I should be happy to gowith you."Her many references to the violetsshe. wore' caused him a jealous tinge."I must get busy if I want to winthat girl," he said to himself.After an intimacy of a few weeksRuth announced her engagement toher amazed family. Just as they werecongratulating her, a letter came fromMartin, the florist, cotttaining a cardwith apologies from the firm, statingthey had just found this card whichshould have been enclosed with a boxot flowers sent three weeks previous.It was from the Ladies' Aid Society inrecognition for the good work she hadaccomplished for the club."I thought it strange that Georgewas so silent about those violets, butI don't care now," said Ruth as shetore up the card. "I'm engaged to thegrandest fellow on earth, and thenext time they send me a bunch ofviolets it will be addressed to Mrs.Butler."Shrieks."I tell you," said Farmer Comtossel,bein' a sheriff around here is amighty hard job.""You never arrest anybody.""No. But there is an awful lot ofalse alarms. Every time one o' thesesummer girls sees a caterpillar youthink there's murder bein committed." Not a Scriptural Quotation."God tempers the wind to the shornlamb" is not a scriptural quotation.The sentence is taken from "TheSentimental Journey" of Rev Laurence Sterne.liiiFSKImwFREE FOR STOMACH AND BOWELSWe are in receipt of letters fromAirs. Eva Gaskins, 304 Madison St.,Topeka, Kan., and Mr. P. H. Gavellas, Wagoner, Okla., as well as manyothers, telling about the wonderful results they have secured in the cure oftheir stomach and liver troubles bythe use of Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. This remedy, as all readers doubtless know, has been before the publicfor a generation and is now beingmore extensively used than any otherremedy for stomach, liver and bowelcomplaints. According to reliable testimony, it seems to be a very quickand lasting cure for constipation, indigestion and dyspepsia, liver trouble,biliousness, headaches, sour stomach, gas on the stomach, drowsinessafter eating and similar disorders. Itis a liquid with tonic effect, and soA Spoil-Sport.A Kansas City man has invented anaeroplane which, he says, cannot fall.If this is true he's apt to take all thefun out of flying.Virgin Soil Avait3 Settlers.It is claimed that there are In thenorthern part of British Columbia amillion acres of viigin soil awaitingthe advent of up-to-date fruit growersBloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Bheum, Pimples, Bas-Eczem hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.no le s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.areolenParis, Ky.YOVetMa9SKgMiBio ad i it emmHi mi I . .'the greatest remedyIN Tftn w uku.-. mra rOC AJ? ALLnFASES ARISING FROM...mfnE? bi nnn. v 'r jlt JIT CIVES NEW LIPE awuSTRENGTH TO ELDERLYPEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN...ii Eurico nnVS ANDgirls!- mr sfJK.IKDNEY.UVER.!idBLAI- fDER DQEASU. CATAKKM. uu1CTUUA. RHEUMATISM.?GOUT. LA GRIPPE. CON. if IanunTION. DYSPEPSIA. 4 ICONSTIPATION. HEART J ADISEASE. HAlAXMt'fM.NERVOUS DEBILITY,ST VITUS DAN CEte.. 1I1C OLUUlJllij WUmtug di nnnihTO rAumr vn,r irotifV Iuuwn, mS U-UKfcAI-""W,t-"CK-rT4,"ciiWv. "O VT""tt wM9 S "'SA35ii-mild and gentle in action that a childas well as a grown person can take it,in fact, it has no equal for children,women and old people.It arouses the flow of gastric juice,and by a peculiar action trains thestomach and bowel muscles to againdo their work naturally, and in timemedicines of all kinds can be .dispensed with. A free sample bottlecan be had for trial by sending youraddress to the doctor, for jri thisway Mrs. Gaskinds, Mr. Gavellas andmany others first learned of the cure.Later, when satisfied it is the remedy3rou need, do as others are doing andbuy it of your druggist at fifty centsand one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address Dr. WlB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell buildingsluonticeilo, ill.FoIIy-cf Anger.Consider how few things are worthyof anger, and you will wonder thatany but fools should be in wrath.Wife Got Tip Tod Advice.'My wife wanted me to take ourboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil,'' writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,Okla. "I said -put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it.7 She did so.and it curedthe boil in a short time.,, Quickesthealer of burns, scalds, cuts, corns,bruises, sprains', swellings. Best pilecure on earth. Try it. Only 25c abOberdorfer's.7?i AX-VW2rOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-. Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy fqrchildren. 25c, 50c and 81.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harriette Wells Allen. Gaffny. S.C. says:I have hzd Bronchitis for about twintvv;-ir .inHIts the first medicine that has done ma much rood.W. T. Brooks, Agent.' -WeTKnow-BLOODINEWill Help YouvTo Regain Your SiraogtHand Energy.Separf of the He&d Phytlelm tm" a Leading New York Hospital '$ en the Ctxro of Catarrh."A few years ago we considered thatwe were aoing vell if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, bub since the introduction of1 'Bloodine' ' into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catfrrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and TJretha, Catarrh of the large in'testines, Catarrh of the Larynx, JPelviaCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andl Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklircured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, eives new enererv". new life.new blood and strength to any part ofthe body attacked by tho Catarrhalgerms"Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nomishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden pain.temporarily, but give no permanent: relief or cure the cause of your disease.; "Bloodine is a powerful body builder. and blood maker; it is the beat remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blooa and supplyntw, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE - To prove the wondarMmftrit of RTiOnTTN"R wa will mail &.1 large sample bottle for 10 cents in !&'1 ver or stamps for postage.Address, Thi Bloodbtb CoEPOSATioir, Boston, Maaav.W. T. Brooks, AgentrMVUlj?3vHIillmx .-v"- & 3iXHTCKOirurou :mc?niirufTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 25, 1911.IIi Mti tf: if I(' ;U11X1 l$ 1IIIi!i Hif; ii:i i.1 'U.fut .:MCMIJfERSBURG ITEMS. 'Mts4 E. M. Neal issomp better.Miss Maria Smith is visiting inParis.Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson continuesabout the same.Mrs. W. S. Sanders is the gusst ofrelatives in Ohio.Mrs. H. D. Shy is the guest ofrelatives at Cynthiana.Mrs. Vermillion, of Mt. Sterling, isthe guest of Mrs. Turner.Miss Irene Tackett has as her guest,Miss Harris, of Owingsville.Miss Mary Vimont, of Lexington, ishe guest of Mrs. D. E. Clark.Miss Kate Linville has gone to Hay"3en, Ky., for an extended visikMiss Emily D. Long, of Danville, istfeeguest of Miss Lucille Daily.Mrs. Tom Prather has returnedafter a few days spent in Lexington.Miss Mary Welsh, of Lexington, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. D.Jones.Miss Leona Letton has returned- rafter a month's visit to relatives atParis.Mn Earl Barton left Wednesdaysmoming for Germantown to attendthe fair.MissJuila Carpenter has returnedafter a two weeks' visit with relativesat Dover.Mrs. Fannie B. Talbott, of Sharpsburg, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Sallie Best.Miss Nettie Hurst has returned5 after a short visit to relatives inBristol, Mo.Mrs. Dr. Deans is able to be outafter being confined to the house for' several weeks.Miss Katherine Ashbrook, of FortWorthr Texas, is the guest of Miss-JVlary McDaniel.Mr. and Mrs. Everett Thomason"'have returned after a short visit torelatives at Ewing.Mr. and Mrs. William Layson, Jr.,of Chattanooga, are guests of Mr. andMrs. John C. Layson.Mr. and Mrs Swinford, of Carlisle,are guests of her parents, Mr. andMrs. James Carpenter.Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds Becraft, ofParis, are guests of his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Willipm liecraft.' Miss Jcsephine Barlow, of Rich--mond,has returned to her home afterHHfe MJK7HHHMMHBA nMi amhm mhmbmhbhmmh BaBBanMA nanBcnBnnk ABA b' " WMH9K9HV vHIHHHp 9HHP 9HHflflHflv 9HESBSHW HBHHHBHP Wtmt t0iFreeTen (10) &9t Stamps Free to AH Who Visit OurSaturday August 26hI IrainIt14SpeLadies VYhite Canvas Button Shoes,high Cuban lieel, plain toe, shortvamps. $3.00 value. While they lastSpecial wZ I WCome to Us for Your Footwear WeDAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign. , 'iMimHHiMBHHr Msn? vjbjiev wj sSKSuESHHIHHHlV VMBHHHHHHP WHHHHHHIF HHHFa'viist to the MissesMcDaniel.Judge Ti. P. Waddell. who has beenill tor several days, has returned to,Swango'Sirihgs for aj. in3efiniiej3tay.Mrs. Mattie Purncll and daughters, jMisses Bessie and Mary Agnes, have.returned after a several days trip toMammoth Cave. iRev, R. S. Sandeis is quite ill withtyphdid fever and has a trained nursein constant attendance upon her.Mrs. M. J. Caldwell and daughter,Miss Laura Jefferson, will leave Friday lor a visit to relatives in Masoncocnt.Mrs. D. A. Cutsinger is pxpectedFriday night from D&llns, Tex., on avisit to her brother, Mr. J. G. Lynchand family.Mr. and Mrs. William Wakler, ofLexintgon, spent Wednesday nightand Thursday the guest of Mr. andMrs, 0. M. Johnson.Prof. Harry Best, of New York, isspending a few days with his motherand sister, Mrs. Salile Be3t and MissNannie Louise Best.Mrs. Susan Griffith fell at her homeTuesday night and sustained a dislocated hip. The injury is not considered serious and she is improvingnicely.Mrs. W. A. Secrets and daughters,Anna Elizabeth and Lucille, have returned to their home at Waddy, Ky.,after a visit to Mrs. Secrets' sister,Mrs. J. G. Lynch.Little Miss Josephine Leer, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ashby Leer,entertained a number of her littlefriends from 3 to 5 Tuesday evening.The color scheme was pink jand whiteand was carried out in every detail,even in the refreshments which weredaintily served.Miss Ethel Collins met with quite apainful accidant Sunday. Whilealighting from a 'buggy she fell andsprained her ankle. She has been confined to her home for several days 'butis improving and her many friendshope to soon have her out again andable toe on her job where she ismuch missed.Mr. Otis Millian, of Mason "countyand Miss Bessie L. Hopkins, of Nicholas, were married at the residence ofthe officiating minister, Rev. T. W.Watts, Wednesday evening. Theywere accompanied here by Miss Gertrude Prather. After the ceremonythe happy couple took the 6 :45 trainfor a shortjbridal trip.Sweet Potatoes.Genuine Jersey sweet potatoes atSauer's grocery. 22 2tRed Letter Day,Free!FINAL CUT ON ALLm m lV 31 Ml "MAM L iAllllAM M Iuuuuusi lyyiwctuiBeginning This WeekALLJ&Walk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.Some Years Ago.Editor Green R. Keller in the Carlisle Mercury says: "It is mostinteresting to see the work going onon the L. & N. double track betweenParis and Covington. W rememberwatching ' the work cf building' thefirst line near sixty years ago, and themode of procedure was entirely different from that in vogue now. Whereholes were then drilled by the oldhand process now the.steam drill doesthe work ; the steam shovel lifts andhandles more rock and dirt in an hourthan a whole force handled in a daythen ; and all other work pruceeds upon an entirely different basis."Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. " tfNEW MAP OF FLORIDA.Remarkable Offer by the National Tribune, the Great Washington Weekly.The National Tribune of Washington D. C, the great weekly publishedin the National Capital, and the organof the olJ soldiers and the G. A. R.,has just had prepared a new map ofFlorida, the State which is now thecenter of interest among all who aretired of the suden changes from torridheat in Summer to Artie cold inWinter, and who want a home wherethe climate is healthful ana opportunities are offered to earn a livelihood oracquire wealth under the most favorible conditions.The population of Florida increasednearly 50 per cent, in the last cenflusdecade, and will double in the next.This map The National Tribune hashad compiled from the latest surveysof the Government engineers and fromthe most recent data of the Post-officeDepartment and lithographed in threecuiors on a fine quality of plate paper,28 by 30 inches.This map will be sent free to anyone who will write to the NationalTribune and enclose 7 cents in stampsfor postage.Whether you own property in anypart of Florida, or are merely interested in the rapid development that isgoing on in the Peninsula State, thismap wll be of both interest andvalue to you, and all von have to do toget it is to send 7 cents in stamps,merely to defray the cost of mailing,and the map will be sent to you atonce, securely rolled in a stiff tube.AddressTHE NATIONAL TIBUNE,Washington, D. C.Week&Ladies' latest style two-strap VelvetPumps. Very comfortable for thishot weather.Special H C WSave You MoneyAn Ordinancefor Construction of PavementsCity Hall, Paris, Ky., August 24,Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the city of Paris,Ky.That the hereinafter named property owners are hereby required to construct sidewalks in front of theirproperty, abutting on the streetshereinafter named. Said sidewalksare to be of the present establishedwidth on said streets and are to beconstructed of concrete with concretecurb according to the specificatons tobe submitted by the ImprovementCommittee, and are to be constructedon a grade to be established by theImprovement Committee. The construction of a sidewalk must be completed not later than thirty (SO) daysafter the publication of this ordinance.If said work is not completed by saidtime the City Council shall, afteradvertising for bids for the construction that remains to be done, let thecontracts ani issue warrants to be alien on the property. The propertyowners" required to construct sidewalksunder this ordinance are as follows:Pleasant street between Third andSecond.Mrs. Ana Massie.Twelfth street between High andCpyress.Christian church parsonage.Mrs. Frye. xGeo. W. Judy.High Street between Fourth and Fifth.J. T. Hinton.Main Street between Eighth and Ninth.Mrs. Jas. Burbridge.Dr. Mebane.Second Street betwcei L. & N. andVine.Mrs. Wm. Tarr.Main Street, East Paris.Paris Gas and Electric Co.Ed Doyle and Julia Doyle Burke,Trustee.J. T. HINTON,Mayor.Attest: J. W. Hayden,City Cleik.Life Saved at Death's Door."I never felt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me down to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatmsnt for two years. My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am alive today is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on erth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c and1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.POPULAR EXCURSION'Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country."Tuesday, September 12 the Queen &Crescent Koute in connection withSouthern Railway will operate aspecial excursion to the "Land of theSky" and "Sapphire Country" at thefollowing low ground trip fares fromLexington :Asheville, N. C , $7 50.Hendersonville, N. C, S8.50.Waynesville, N. C, $8.50.Lake'Toxaway,,N. C, $9.50.Final limit to return until September 27, 1911.Special train consisting of Pullmandrawing room sleeping cars, Pullmanobservation sleeping cars, modern daycoaches, electrically lighted, will leaveLexington at 9 p. m. Tue&day, September 12.Upon payment of $1.50 additional tofares named above tickets will berouted going direct or returning viaChattanooga, Lookout Mountain, orthe reverse.Stopovers will be permitted at manypoints, 'tincluding Knoxville, Tenn..enabling passengers to visit the GreatAppalachian Exposition.Ask ticket agents for particulars oraddressH. C. KING, P. & T. A..Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, G. P. A.,Cincinnati, Ohio.'Roman Script Favored.Shall the world's script be Roman,such letters as we use, or Arabip orChinese? The Roman script has byfar the best chance and the bestclaim, according to the New York Independent. Efforts are making toIntroduce it in China and Japan, andnow the effort Is making to interestIndia in reducing Its fifty alphabetsto a single one.Cheapers Steel Production.A German inventor has discovereda new process for making steel whichIs said to be equal in every point tocrucible steel, although made withoutcrlcibles, and which is becoming acompetitor of electrosteel because,while of equal standard in quality,its cost of production is supposed tobe only one-tenth that of electrosteel. Need for Women Architects.It is a practically accepted axiomthat there are too few . women architects, for, If there Is one subjectmore than another in which woman'stalent is required, it is domesticarchitecture. From the Queen.One LotNETTLBTONTAN OXFOBDSRegular Price $WiH Close Out at$3.50Call while weGeo. M'Willams,No more tickets given on raffle until further noticemmmmmmmmmmi"AUTOMOB1LING WITH PAY'PLEASANT WORK-GOOD SALARiESChauffers and garage men in great demand. More cars sold in 1911,so far, than in any previous year, and 1912 models are now being being delivered. TRAINED MEN are wanted. More than 150 men (in-rtlnrlit-in. I -nnr-.ln-n n . U C II I il "nTI T i. 1 1J.Jm v,iuumg j.,i icguwi mciiiucis uj. vjiiiunma.li jruuue jjgui.i nave uompieijeuI our course this Summer. Chauffeurs earn from $60 to $125 a month. ITfPVf, R nrPOlre' nlnuc ofn-fe ann-n TVT-,4- fn ilntr (ni. V.H- HAntninIJ w w w. . t vvy., wj.u.oj Jim to k)UUU.piling with ray.77iilaMlIBOur Store is ClosecfTemporarily on Account of Recent Fireii nn -un nil .mi si nn nn .nnBennie WeissbenHome For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKY1menrP)SmMMMMmmBJMSMHMMifl'Our I itiP nf sW1itifr sill. w m-M m v n a m. m mver is VeryTil St. f.hftwedding gifts. IRFMFMRFR THIQ IThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you- anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,a. I nk HmieaBoth Phones.have your size1t1IXXI.C lU"UOY 1U1 WWaiCUi ilULUUiyY. M. C.A. Automobile Schooi,707 Walnut, Cincinnati, O.sI MiInn un mi nn uii .1111 mi-l1 1 . 'v 1 1 w-Complete.f.Vlino fnr4- I li.I.J-.. "M?1Ji'!iV t " I