IkYa THE BOURBON NEWS: ssPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.m3ir-VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1911.NUMBER 45PfInsure with W. O. Hinton. ' Disagreement Results in Killing.Prompt paying non-union1 DccKing, 50 years old, was shotCompanies. tf ant killed Friday night by Jas. Wills, j72 years old. Wills claims that Kinghad made threats sgafnet him Lbecauseof a disagreement over some atraw--berries and when they were enteringhis yard attacked him with a knifewhen he fired the fatal shot. iDEATHS.Logan Howard,Staple and Fancy Groceries,Main Street,Will give you one dollar'sworth (10) of S. & 11. GreenTrading StampsEXTRAfor this coupon, besides thoseyou get with a purchase of50c or more.Both Phones 170.Capture Moonshiners.Deputy United States Marshall Willam Mays with Collector D. B. Herndon succeeded Thursday morning indestroiyng a large moonshine stillwith about seven hundred gallons oftwo mil J from ' HazVl Green, in Wolfe I S'12'01 of infitmUics4... d ei. ..... ni, 4 dent to old age.wuuity. uuuu otamyci . tancu cu, Mfg Can hadlieaity vine auu yiuueu in jan iu awuutrial.Mrs. Carrie Nation, of hatchetfame, because of her fanatical fight todown the sale of liquor in her ownstate and the entire country, died at7 o'clock Friday night at Leavenworth, Kansas, of paralysis. Herdeath has been expected! for severaldays. Mrs. Nation was born in Kentucky, near Versailles, in 1846. Hermaiden name was Carrie Moore.Mrs. Bridget Cain, aged 80 years,one of the oldest and most highly respected women of this city, died at thehome of her son-in-law, Mr. M. L.Woods, on Higgins avenue, Sunday atinci-Wall Paper at Reductions.Our decorators have about completed all the work contracted for and weare able to offer wall paper at a greatreduction. Come early and select yourpatterns.J. T. HINTON.1&2k'r'?To Prevent Pollution.The Greenbaum distillery will put inimmediately machinery to separate allsslic's and coloring matter from thespent beer and slops running from it.Heretofore these slops have been permitted tc lun into the small creek bythe distillery, and frotr that on intoElkhorn creek, polluting the watersand arousing much complaint frompersons living along these streams.J he ccst of installing this new c'ierwill be about .$30,001).$.ski fcjfe, jyj iytiTTake Advantage of These Prices :Standard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams '. 15White Bacon, per pound 10San tee Syrup, 1-2 gal can-...-. ;iAi 15Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can .' 20Karo Syrup, 1 gal. can 40Lenox Soap, 8 bars s. .......- .25Ivory Soap. 6 bars 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans 25All Rolled Seal Oats, 3 boxes 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30 'Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55 .Fresh Fish Every Friday and SaturdayThe Grocery Store of Quality, foT. C. LENIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234 W&&w15 -$$mThe "Secret Service" oftfffJftghjrtSJ SuitEighty-five per cent, of the style of a garment is contributed by the tailoring fifteenper cent, comes from the designing.FACT!mk7 Buttoas shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps."8 Edging silk st titchedbhand.0 Every tailor a ''benchbred" custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by Band.12 Cloth cut on full line3, noskimping or schamping.When you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the ,,a;r" and the wear that come from thefinest materials proeurably right through and time-takinghand tailoring all through ?1S to $32 50,1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.4 Linen canvas stays, coldwater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.G-All silk stitching allthrough.mmms)8m.jwjsWkwmmPrice & Ca.r--'.: - -Clothiers. .--: -been in declininghealth for a numner of years, but herrecent illness extended over Ja periodof seven weeka. She was a native ofIreland and before her marriage wasMiss Bridget Garvey. Mrs. Cam cameto this country about sixty years agoand the greater part of her life inAmerica has been spent in this community. She was twice married, her firsthusband being Rodger Cain, and afterhis'dealh she was wedded to his brother, Michael Cain, who prceeded her tothe grave several years.The deceased is survived by threesons and two daughters, John Cain, ofParis, Rodger Cain, of Wheeling, W.Va., Alvin Cain, of Weston, Mo., Mrs.Maggie Woods, of Patis, and MrsJamie Cain of Newport. A number ofsisters and brothers in IrealncJ, alsosurvive.The funeral will take place thismorning at nine o'clock at the Catholic church. Serriees bi Rev. EugeneDeBruyn, Burial at Catholic cemetery.The pall-bearra vdll be: MartinDoyle, Jaiwa Bailee, Thomas Wocd:,M. Flanagan, Jack Woods, John Dol.Loses Valuable Horse.Mr. R. L. Collins lost a valuablehorse Saturday as a result of the animal being kicked by another horse.Several day3 .ago the horse receivedthe injury which was not thought tobe serious and twice the animal hadbeen driven to Pan's from Mr. Ccllins's home on the Jackstown pike.While coming to Paris Saturday thehorse showed signs of going lame andafter a short distance had been traveled let down in one leg completely. Aveterinarian from Paris was called andafter an examination found that in receiving the kick the bone in one ofthe hips had been slightly fractured,and recieving no attention had gradually decayed.Local veterinarians say cases of thisnature are very rare. The animal,upon which Mr. Collina put a value of$350, was chloroformed.Paris Girl Wins Gold Medal.:iNews was received here yesterdaythat in contest at the School Tournament at Springfield, Ky., on Friday,Miss Elizabeth Crutcber, of Paris,won the gold medal for best pianosolo. Miss Crutcher represented Caldwell College, of Danville. This isquite a compliment for this giftedyoung lady as there was a large number of entries and the judges werecomposed of accomplished musicians.MATRIMONIAL.The marriage of Mrs. Molly MengHarrison, of this ; county, ito Mr.Horace Sargent Bacon, of Lowell,Massachusetts, was celebrated onWednesday at the home of the bride'sparents. Mr. and Mrs. Charles HenryMeng. Woodlawn Stock Farm, the oldfamily country place near North Middletown. The bride was given in marriage by her brother, Mr. Charles M.Meng, of Dallas, Texas, and BishopLewis W. Burton, of Lexington, wasthe officiating minister.The appointments were all quitebeautiful and after the ceremony anelaborate repast was served to abouttwenty guests.The bride and bridegroom are bothunusually attractive and popular andfriends far and near are extendinggood wishes.The society event of the seasonwas the marriage of Miss Ethel Burnett Thomas to Mr. Robert WalterRounsavall, on Wednesday evening at6 o'clock in Winchester. The ceremony was performed by 'JE'lder CareyE. Morgan, of Paris.The bride is the only daughter ofthe late W. R. Thomas. Mr. Rounsavall is a young business man. Immediately after the ceremony the couple left for Louisville on their bridaltour. They will make their futurehome in Winchester.The marriage of Miss HenriettaOberdorfcr to Mr. Harry Linville wasquietly celebrated at the residence ofthe officiating minister, ElderCarey E.Morgan, Sunday evening.The bride is the youngest daughterof Mr. L. Oberdorfer, and" an attractive and accomplished young woman.The groom ia one of Paris' most popular young men and has for some timebeen in the employ of Mr. Geo. McWilliams. After the ceremony the couple leftfor a short wedding trip to Louisville.The following invitations havebeen issued:Mr. and Mrs. William Oscar Hintoninvite you to be presentat the wedding reception of theirdaughterEdna EarlandMr. Amos Ewing Turneyon the evening of Wednesday, the.twenty-eighth of June- 4;- nineteen hnndree and eleven r-a T"""1 ' " " r L Liii L L L"We Know Mow.5'Why Don't Men Reason?' Men who -are the most successful in business; Men who arethe most successful in law, medicine, politics, and who are the foremost people of their town or section are as helpless as a' baby when itcomes to knowing where to buy their clothes. Buying a suit of clothes'is easy when you come to a store like Mitchell & Blakemore's. Reason it out in this way We carry two of the finest lines of ready-to-wearclothes made- Stein Bloch and Kersh-Wicker. Every suit ishand-tailored and made. Patterns and selections that you positivelywill not gnd in'oth'ei ready-to-wear clothes.The well-dressed men of this city are wearing clothes sold by us,and why shouldn't you beamong them.ftlk like the high-pricedtailor-made man at half the price. " t- ' AetM3&.9a-".$'1lie& --Mlitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.S&r - -B1.. BMk.BmmuiiiiinuifMinjtfvnHmimimiimHmimiHimmmm MI FRANK & CO:I The Store Where Reliability Reigns.$9.98- Extra-$9.9SSuits at Special Prices65 SUITSLadies' and Misses' Choice Styles and Colors.Worth Regularly from $20 to $35 -Choice Now $9.98sAlterations ExtraNever has any house in Central Kentuckyoffered such Suits. as these at $9.98", COME EARLYWash Goods in a Big Variety of Patterns.Frank & Co.m !i1& i ,a i rails,KentuckytaiUUIIIIIHMWWBIIIIIIIWIIIMIIWWIIIIIIIIIIliMilIIIIIMWIIIMir -j-s. .SK'l.v-BSSimJF:1Jfi- p,-.'"iiwiw.siw j.v- . x.-j -,rr .-.z' . c-r w. r .. - ,--'---Xf?irK." "-. 1V--:?i"'Si&""'V-vrr'' --.-;lfrl;-,'w ., f ,i-E- .rgr -n. E?-:r .mwmmwmwmmwMMaMMMMmm;-" - -.tS."-J5y , - . -ZJt'-ryTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAIS KENTUCKY, JUNE 0,13 191 ifTHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES. 124. NO. 320MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erWhat Ails Yott?Do you feel weak, tired, despondent, have frequent headaches, coated tongue, bitter or bad taste in .morning,"heart-burn, ".belching of gas, acid risings in throat aftereating, stomach gnaw or burn, foul breath, dizzy spells,poor or variable appetite, nausea at times and kindredsymptoms ?If you have, any considerable number of theabove symptoms you arc suffering from biliousness torpid liver 'with indigestion, or dyspepsia.Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is znadoup of the most valuable medicinal principlesknown Co medical science for the permanentcure of such abnormal conditions. It is a mostefficient liver invigorator, stomach tonic, bowelregulator and nerve strengthenedEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 881 2? Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.The "Golden Medical Discovery" is not a patent medicine or secret nostruma full list of its ingredients being printed on its bottle-wrapper and attestedunder oath. A glance at these will show that it contains no alcohol, or harmful habit-forming drugs. It is a fluid extract mode with pure, triple-refinedglycerine, of proper strength, from the roots of native American medical,forest plants. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Props., Buffalo, N. Y.76MILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.- ' ki WrI " They last a lifetime. They're Fireproof StormproofI Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. ForIiii'i''t,'-Itnt$- fIKjORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are DisplayedIn Our Work.An individuality diMnyuushes our Jfomtrments from all oilier, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.ONE YEAR,$L.0O I SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advancefi.ooST0CK,.CR0P AND JAKM NUi ES -John T. Hedges has sold to JonasWeil, for delivery June 15, two carloads of 1,450 pound export cattle.a nffiQ Coio fiiai- nn-rnntert hnvnra llie price paid was a&.bo per nunarea.frnm nil o fh,- continn nf the stnt.e ! round numoers decreased ,i,ouu cauie,was held at the Charles Bright farm 9,000 hogs and J,fi00 sheep. Comparednear Eminence Thursday, the prices w0 the corresponding j week a yearbrought being the best this season for ! ag. cattle increased I?.100, nogsrntHoin that sentinn. Some of the ! 23.600 ana sheep 14,800. The averageNONE BETTER.NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in the Garden'.&&Tgaw'" r ' 'r iift iJqgg $ftro $r Ift. v -. '-J '5h2is a real pleasure if you "i avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.young calves sold for $185, while theolder cattle reached the $300 and $400mark. Stock-raising will be discontinued on the Bright farm and the entire herd was disposed of.William Botts, of Mt. Sterling,has purchased of George W. Hamiltonthe Glover farm on the OwensvilleDike, near that city, for a reportedconsideration of $35,000. The farmcontains 306 acres.The monthly crop bulletin ot theState Agricultural Department ehowsthat the drouth and hot weather ofMay has had a bad effect on cropsover the whole State. The oats cropseems to have suffered most.The condition of wheat at the present time as compared with last monthGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ENBALHER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.price of live stock on the Chicagomarket as complied by the DroversJournal were cattle $5.90, hogs $5.97,sheep $4.15 and lambs $6.30. For thecorresponding week of last year theaverages were cattle $7.55, hogs $9.48,sheep $5.20 and lambs $7.90. Thegeneral averages from 1901 to 1910were cattle $$5.95, hogs $6.42, sheep$5.05 and lambs $6.55.Promise that this year's wheatcrop will be the greatest ecr produced is given in the June crop report issued Thursday by the Department ofAgriculture at Washington Estimates by the Department's expertsindicate that approximately 764,291.857bushels of wheat will be harvested inthis country this summer and autumn,an increase of about 08,848,857 bushels over last year. Of winter wheata&?SfLOWSY & TALBOTTshows 95 per cent a decrease of 2 per the indicated iel(i is alm08t 480,ooo,cent. is manui u" uiucu , OOQ bughe,s and of wheafc 24 0Q0from the drouth and excessive heat as ' i)UgUeigwould be expected, and with favorable uuaueiconditions we would vet have an aver- !nivA rc linaf ivftnagtS WMGCftb WlWI,Bourbon Laundry;DAVIS & FUiNK, Props.M Telephone No. 4.4tSOffice Opp. Postoffice,I T HaA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notre'grct it.The condition of rye as comparedwilh last month Ehows the same percentage, yet the rye will probably notmake so much stem, but with a goodseason through June will yield as muchper acre as of former yearsThe oats crop seems to have suffered most from the dry weather. Our .report for the month of April showsan average cor.diton of 96 per cent,while the month of May showtd anaverage of 82 per cent, or that theoals have been damaged from theaoove causes through the month ofMay 14 per centThe condition of clover as shown by ,our last report was 92 psr cent, butfur the month of;May the average condition v s ?5 p'r cent, or a decreaseof 7 re?" cer.t. oldclover suffering morethan r.t-vv clover. 'The condition of the corn crop ascompared with last month, now thatthe corn crop is nearly completelyplanted, shows that it, too, has suffered frcm the drouth and heat of May.Ihe average for he State as shown inour repjrt for April was 99 per cent,but for the month of May the averageis SO per cent. The potato crop willba shrrt.The prospect for the peach and apple crop is more discouraging than lastmonth, while the prospects for smallfruits is very encouraging.Total ieseipis of live stock at theChicago market for week ending June3 were 49,900 cattle. 132,400 hogs and87,500 sheep. The week's receipts,compared with the previous week, inOut of Debt.For the first time in the history ofthe service, it Js said, the deficit inthe Postoffice Department has beenentirely wiped out and a $7,000,000surplus for the current fiscal year isin thd Treasury to the Department'scredit.City Club Houses.The City of Breslau maintains clubhouses for young people for sociability,amusement and other recreation, withplaygrounds, reading rooms, assemblyhalls, shower baths, and so on.Statement ol First NationalBank.We publish in thi3 issue a statementof condition of the First NationalEank as called for by the Comptrollerof the Currency, at the close of business on June 7. The resources of thebank closely approach the six hundredthousand dollar mark, and indicate thewonderful growth of this institutionsince its organization nine years ago.One feature of this report will proveof especial interest to businesH men,and that is that the statement snowsthat the bank has no overdrafts. TheFirst National Bank arranged with itscustomers to permit no overdrawing'of accounts on f January 1, last, andt this arrangement hap not been'deviated from .since Tthat time. Thestatement shows splendid growth andthat the bank is in excellent condition.Were you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Mi f Hil' Ilil M "I i mil inn JNfl1Bourbon Laundry,i iSfu Don'i SSui JtereParis, Tentucky.for Sale PrivateDESIRABLE;Re$krece Properly' - ON SECOND STREET....-1 offer for sale privately my framet iice corner of Second street andLtilletton avenue. Cmtains five rooms,tw balls, bath, pantry, back andfrwt porche3; cellar under entiretousa; fas throughout; water in yardmmd fcKMiise; S2wer connection. ThelweidwKs front on Second street, andSi extremely dtsirable; fine r-hademm mi all sid s. Immediate possss-caa b civen.Frnilttt'TT purchasers invited to inspect tk pramises.TERMS. Made known on application to tkejxaderaigned.JOHN ARKLE.2 tf Home Phone 211,ANNOUNCEMENTS.We ere aejtkprized to announce IU. JMy ae a caBoraatcior j&epithreia the Legwature from; jajtMi ooaacy. eubjeet to the icuonCHAUTAUQUALAKEis best reached by theErieR. R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJus 1 te Sept. 3G.Special 30 -Day ExcursionsJmly s aad 27Summer Excursion Ticketson sale to New York Gty and all Eastern renofts.Stop-over at Chautauqua Lake end Niagara Fall permitted on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or "writeJ. M. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, CX, forfurther information.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials.Dolls and Fancy Noreitiet.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716We SSoth Xose 97?oneyIf you are not in the habit of getting: your clothing and furnishings here,it will pay you to investigate our goodsand prices before making your nextpurchase. We like to have you comparevalues. This store always wins with theman who compares.Summer ShirtsFor Particular MenYou'll find here the right shirt for everyoccasion business, outing or dress, 50cto $2.00.Straw Hats $1 to $3In the season's correct shapes and ofparticularly desirable qualities at theprices we ask.everything men ana Ciitle men OlearnmmmII1 II -W MB MBABennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Budding, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYSTHRKHMMSyjKKHK K.R.K3E.y.yyjeTWE SELLiAT RIGHT PRICES jgLUMBER, LATHS, SSHINGLES, POSTS, BSffiSHES, DOORS, SBLINDS, HARD AND 3AGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing. cjTalrn Your Wheat. Your Corn and Rucbwht h CrUt at$ Mill, But Gome Here for Your jI MILL WORK! 2We are headquarters for everything- in that line. Sash, Doors"imu'i wwiiH wuuia, owecu vuuis, w uiuuw ocreens7 etc., etc., atlowest prices. yTEMPLIN LUMBER CO.kSrt3ucSSrttSS kEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedn -Hk.9tm9(.Notice! Poultry RaisersR 4-11-44CURESOlMdliiCholera, Gapes, Limberoeck, Roud. Canker.,n:Zr Diarrhoea and all Diseases of Poultry&p8sttj3gjs 4:IM4 fa -'-cWckcakaUlb warn udnlMTalhc duck iuiully. Itk tkc kt prercMmTvc er med'Hf, art ftMTMci hy J. . Cnwc, farsimw. JKy. Wee 5 at all ftratfiits.OLOftYG. S. garden & Son.vrrr T,"rS. 'iMgDan watte party.v- w,- r. ti -i;,THE, BOURBON NEWS, -PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE IS, "lllf 1I1EXECUTOR'S SALE.Best Paying Real Estate in City of Paris.CN THURSDAY, JUNE (5, 1911,at the hour of 1:30 o'clock p. m.Conveyances will Leave Office of Harris&SpeakesPromptly on the Hour.As excutors of the estate of Jephtha Lancaster, deceased, theundersigned will, on THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1911, beginning atthe hour of 180 p.m., sell at public outcry the following real estatelocated in the city of Paris:NO. l.Located at 551 Vfne street, one halfinterest to be sold; is 4-room framecottage, with wide hall, large frontveranda, rear porch, cistern. Rents iLot 50 feet front by 150.NO. 2.Half interest in vacant lot on Mainstreet, between Ninth and Tenth sts.Lot 35 feet front.NO. 3.T. inchester street, No. Ill, 4-roomframe cottage, water in house, veranda, rear porch, outbuildings. Rentsfor $10 per month. Lot 170 feet frontmore or less.NO. 4.Fourteenth street, Nos. 108 and 110.Double house, cistern, out buildingsRents for 10 per month. Lo40 bv GO,feet more or less.NO. 5.Vacant lot on High street, betweenBoone and Fifteenth streets. Lot 50by 147 feet more or less.NO. 6.Kwamnre street. No. 1012. a 4-roomcottage, with hall, porch, outbuildings,Rents for $10 per month. Lot Jfront more or less, by S7'. feetor less.NO. 7.-. , . n. i.1. I - JZ -T -..-.-no ieecmoreDouble cottace of four rooms; rentsfor J10 per month; is located in Judy'sAlley. Lot 44 feet front. ivjo s '- ... : t.l. .,,.lVO-roorn cuLUij;t; in uuu.v a .t.iic ,jepts for " permonth; cistern. Let33 feet front.NO. 9.Three-room cottage, Judy's Alley;rents for $5 per month. Lot 35 feetfront more or less.NO. 10.Double cottage on Short street, of 7rooms; rents for $13 per month. Damaged by fire. Cistern and outbuildings.Nos. 206 and 208. Lot 40 by 110 feet.NO. 11Double cottage of 6 rooms, at Nos.210 and 212 Short street. Rents for$32 per month. Lot 40 by 110 feet.NO. 12.iNo. sod est street, i-room irui-tat:,outbuilding, cistern; rents for 7 permonth. Lot 27 by 72 feet, more oress " IKjO to, -, . , , j ii .No853 West street, 3-room cottage.metal roof, veranda, rear porch, outbuildings; rents for 7 per month. Lot,7 by 72 feet more or -less. JJns 12 and 13 to be sold separatelyand as a whole.vn .,iU. 14.Vacant lot on east side oi west street, iLot 50 by 100 feet more or less. jNO. 15. ;Double house of two stories contain-ingsix rooms on West street, nearEighth, cistern, out-buiHmgs, rentsfor rl4 per month. Lot 53 feet frontmore or less.NO. 16.Pa ton street. No. 510, four roomdouble house; cistern, rents for $8 permonth. Lot :52 by 72 feet more orloss.NO. 17.Paton street, Nos. 516 and 51S. Cottage of three rooms, rents for $4 permonth. Lot 32 by 70 feet more or less.NO. IS.Singer's Alley No. 793, two rooms,rents for $5 per month. Lot 32 feetby 45 feet more or less.NO. 19.No. 789 Singer's Alley, a 2-room cottage, rents for i't per month. Lot 50by 45, more or less.This is the class of property that pays larger dividends thanbank stock and is safer than Government bonds. A chance of alifetime. , f , . , . ,TERMS One-third cash; balance m six and twelvemonths. For deferred payments purchaser will be required toexecute bonds with surety approved by the undersigned. Bondsto bear six per cent, interest from date of sale.C- J. LANCASTER,G. W. LANCASTER,Executors of Jeptha Lancaster Estate.HARMON STITT, Attorney.M7 F. KENNEY,HARRIS & SPEAKES,, Auctioneers.Martin Bros.,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Specia attention given ta Movingand Li-er- Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Eoarded by the Day orMonth. . , , ,We have for hire at reaeanablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.NO. 20.S nger's Alley, double house Nos.783and 785, four rooms; rents for $10 permonth. Lot 50 by 45 feet more or Jess,NO.21.house, rents for $16.50 per month. LotHO bv 40 more or 1 ess.N0.22.Singer's Alley, No. 767, 3-room cottage, outbuildings, big yard and garden; rents for $5 per month Lot 40by 112 feet, more or less.N0.23.Connelly's Alley, double house of sixrooms; rents for. $12 per month. Lot51 feet front, more or less.N0.24.Ferguson street, No. 613, six-roomLOLiafee uasement, eieciric ngnts,sewer, nice garden, cistern; is central-ly located, veranda, rear porch. Thegem or tne sale. .Lot 45 by 146 feetmore or less. Rents for 12.50 permonth.N0.25.Chapman street, Nos. 31 and 33, fourroom double house, rents for S permonth. Lot--by feet,more or less.N0.26.Chapman street, No. 35, rents for $4per month. Lot by feet, more orless.,. nr.TV on , ,Chapman street, Nos. 39 and 41. dou-Je nouse grocery and dwelling. Rentsior-.uu per montn.Lot.NO. 28.Turner street, Nos. 5 and 7, doublehoj e. Rents $8.00 per month. LotNO. 20.Turner stieet, Nos. 9 and 11, doublehouse. Rents for $8 per month. Lot .NO. 30.Turner street, No. 15, is three roomcottage, veranda, rear porch. Rentsj for $8 00 per month. Lot by-! more or less.NO. 31.Lilleston Ave., corner Williams St.,six room cottage, veranda, rear porch,cistern out-buildings, electric lights,sewerage on street. Rents for $10 permnntlliiivriiLuLot 110 feet more or less.u- -Higgins cross street. Five roomsstone foundation, rubel work, the threenice cabinet mantels, electrie lights andgas, outbuildings, cistern, nice yarn,rents for $12.50 per month. Lot G2feet front more or less.NO. 33.Williams St. Five room cottage,stone foundation rubel work, threenice cabinet mantels, tile hearths,nnntrv. electric lights, larcre vard. fruitand grapes, cistern Rents for S12..per month. Lot 145 feet front more oless.;0!01The following four tracts belongingto Miss Marv McCarthy, are veiyidesirable and will positively be souli without reserve or by-bid.Nos. 35 and 36 will be offered separately and then as a whole and best bidaccepted.NO. 35.Seven room house on Williams St.with good cellar, cistern and stable.Lot 50x165 ft.NO. 30.A buildinglot 50x165 ft., on WilliamsStVacant lot 50x125 ft., on Hanson St.NO. 38.Vacant lot 50x125 ft., on Hanson St.Metals In New Caledonia.Nickel minin'g is active in New Caledonia. European firms are Investinglargely In it and other mining. Somefair gold discoveries have been maderecently.A Terrible Blander.to neglect liver trouble. Neve do it.Take Dr. King's New Life Pills onthe tint sign of constipation, biliousness or inactive bowels and preventvirulent indigestion, jaundice or gallstones. They regulate liver, stomachand bowels and build up our health.Only 25c at Obardcrier'a.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tel It How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I xwas ashamed of my face," wrlteaMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief In Eczemaand all other serious skin, diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all otter minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that It strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with, this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. Is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-qentbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.Saved His Wife's Life."My wife would have been in hergrave today," writes O. H. Brown, ofMuscadine, Ala., "if it had not beenfor Dr. Kinn-'s New Discovery. Shewas down in her bed, not able to getup without help. She had a severebronchial trouble and a dreadfulcough. I got her a bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery, and she soon beganto mend, and was well in a shorttime." Infallible for coughs andcolds, it's the most reliable remedyon earth for desperate lung trouble,hemorrhages, lagrippe. asthma, hayfever, croup and whooping cough.50cj $1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Invlnslble Foe.Tho word obsolete puts a battleshipon the junkpile quicker than a hardfought battle.Lightning Kills Few.In UlOfi lightning killed only ll0 people in this whole country. One'tchances of death by lightning are lessthan two in a million The chanceof death horn liver, kidney or stomach trouble is vaMly greater, but notif Electric Bitters lie u-ed, as RobertMadsen, of Wis-t llcrlington, la.,proved. Four d.-euns. gave him upafter eight month- i suffering fromvirulent liver tiouble and yellowjaundice. lie was thin completelycured by Electiic Bitters. Thej'rethe best stomach, liver, nerve andkidney remedy and blood purifier onearth. Onlv 50c at Oberdorfer's.Conscience and Custom.The laws of conscience, which wepretend to be derived from nature,proceed from custom. Montaigue.A Peek Into His Pocketwould show the box of Bucklen's Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y., always carries." I have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it would not soon heal,"he writes. Greatest healer of burns,bdils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,fever sores, skin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Doing One's Best.It Is a very great thing for us to dothe very best we can do, just whereand as we are. Babcock.Deafness Cannot be Curedby loc.il applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucuouslining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed, Deafnessis the result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberastored to its normal condition, hearing will be destroj-ed forever; ninecases out of ten are caused bv Ca-pd eondition of the munnu.q surfaces.We will give One Hundred DollarsI for any case of Deafness (caused by' catarrh) that cannot be cured byI Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for eircu-I lars free.F. J. CHENEY & COToledo, O.Sold by Druggists, 7ocTake Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Prefer German Language.In Russian schools pupils have theoption of learning French or German.and 70 per cent choose German.WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waleru you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to ta.ke a tilpvHcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to upend your last cent to iindthe cure?But you need not leave home foithese distaut spilngs. Relief Ib lighthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itcb, and leavethe ekin as .smooth and healthy csthat of a ch.'ld,If you have not nlicady tried it, gelat least a 25-ccnt bottle today. Wo 3rare you of icctant relief.J For Sale by G. S. Varden &-Son..15 Dead is Result oi 'Quake. .At feast 150 persons Jire dead as aresult of the earthquake which tossedits way from ceast to coast in Mexico.Slowly the Government is receivingits reports from points in a rectangular area whose northern boundary isless than fifty miles from the capitaland whose southern line cuts acrossthe lower point of the State of Gueiero. Contrary to precedent, the numberof casualties in the State of Guerroare few, but in Mexico City the listhas lengthened somewhat and from theState of Jalisco many have been addedto the death list."From scores of villages where fatalities are known tohave occurredreports have not bsen recrived, andthe exact number of dead probablynever will be known. The list cfdead in Mexico City is placed at sixtythree. In the State of Jalisco the greatestdeath loss aDDears to have been inOcotan, where fifty-nine bodies have'already been recovered.Tonala, a small town in the sameState, is reported as almost wiped out.A number of lives were lost.Not manv persons were killed in thecity of Ccli a, but a considerableamount of damage was done. Thecathedral is so badly damaged that avery slight shock might cause its collapse, and the tower of another churchwas toppled onto the roof. The volcano at Colina has displayed considerable activity but the chief meteorological observatory at the capital isauthority for the statement that thishad nothing to do with the earthquake.Blood ineHiRwm'uti!b2h1 mKhE GREATEST REMEOvl Rljl 'IN THE WORLD lFOR THE CUBE OF AU.Ui Tf DISEASES ABlSlNWWjY t- 7 IMPURE BLOOD. "" V LIT GIVES NEW LIFE ANDJ STRENGTH TO ELDERLY 1PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN. JB, AND TENDiRBOYSANO I J''VC I B-eC .3 ml tU ml VJmu II'. Au.n.lM'V.EY.UVEJUiimAD. 4fc- ' DM D-TEASCS. CATARRH, u 1 , 1 1"" nil ASTHMA. RHSUMATBH. Till k 1-' T 4 GOUT. LA CRTPE. CO.N.J i f--' SUMPTION. DYSPEPSIA.! '' I Wt 7k CO"STIMT:ON.HARTil "JCU KSCAS. MALARIA. 'lXV V NERVOUS DZaiUTY. 'J","iJl JTITCSDA.sa,i. j"l 11HIi, V?t!,i iytf W THE BLOOD1NE CO, A1 TI.T0N. MAM.a A, aKc-aAlBound to Be Discovered.If a man Is 'really reliable he doesn'thave to devote much of his time to exploiting that virtue; you are watchedpretty closely, whether you Know !t ornot. Atchison Globe.The World's Greatest Need.Every married man f l!y realizesthat -what the world :'.ds most smore dressmakers.Peace Is Better Than Plenty.Better I3 a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than, a house full offeasting with f:-:'e Proverbs ofSolomon, xviiil.fEar m raw voi hmjv.x I lfft K ?ft WAU, bLCWSR?jmr?7-The successful man wears The Stetson Shoebecause it stamps him as a man of prosperityand good taste.The Strut is one of the latest Stetson creations. Stetson artists have built into this shoethe smartness and satisfaction that are theyoung man's delight.It costs more by the pair to bewell-shod in Stetson Shoes tuui uy mem jut x ycur inthe end they are cheaper. 'Mitchell &Stetsons cost more by the"Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the .dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky Fairs for1911 a3 far as reported. Officers offairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown, July 25u days.Lancaster. Julv 2G 3 days.iDanville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 23 days.Berea, August 33 days.Lexington, August 7 0 days.Uniontown, August 8 5 days.Taylorsville, Augusts i days.Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabethtown, August 9 I days.Lawrenceburg, Angust 154 days.Leitchiield, August 15 4 days.Burkesville, August 15 4 days.Brodhead, August 16 3 days.Fern Creek, August 16 3 days.Shepherdsville, August 22 4 days.London, August 22 4 days.Hardinsbnrg. August 223 days.Shelbyville, Angust 22 1 days.Liberty, August 233 days.Erlanger, August 23 4 das.Germantown, August 24 3 days.Nicholasville, August 29 3 days.Somerset, August 29 1 days.Bardstown, August 304 days.Franklin, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 46 days.Monticello, September 54 daj's.Alexandria, September 55 days.Mount Olivet, September 5 4 days.Hodgenville, September 53 days.banders, beptember o 1 days.Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,! Saptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 204 days.Glasgow, September 27 1 days.Mayfleld, Septerriber 27 4 days.We KnowS-BLOODINE-Will Help YouTo Regain Your Strength"Sand Energy-'Report of the Hem4 Phyi lelan toa Loading New York Hospital "on the Cure of Ctrrh"A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladderand Uretha, Catarrh of the large htestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelvicCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andi;atarrn oi tne btomacn are quiCKiycured with "Bloodine." Ifebuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part of.the body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is A powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluablQ tonic stimulants' obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynew, rich red blood to tha whole body.FREE . To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents in silver or stamps for postage.Address, Ths Bloodine Coi:pop.tion, Boston. ITass.Algelr.-a to Se Made Into Poetry.U is reported that a French teacherhas Invented a system for teaching al?ebrr. in poetry. About fifty-five yearsago ti-ere v. as an educational systemin vogne by which a considerablesh.-re of the academic curriculum wascet to n"?ic and sung: by the teachersand classes. Even the multiplicationtable was one of the songs, with thefives rolumn as a chorus, sun? to thatune of "Yankee Doodle." AmericanEducational Review.For ths Brldt.If you suspect him, then reject him;but if you select him, don't suspecthim. Gay.Judged by HisShoesenwanniBlakemorepair, but less by the year.1- -LIQUID CURES ECZEMAWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skia dfae. ,,authorities are now agreed en tti:Dont imprison th dlseas gtmu ImCyour skin by the use of itmj ufo,and thus encouraea thr to miH,j.A true cure of all eczematoua tiwftcan b brought about only by mIb tbhealing agents In the form of a lknddWASH THE GERMS OUT? 'JLsimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and oUwr ingredients as combined in th D: D. DPrescription, penetrates to tht'diinaiagerms and destroys it, then sootand heals th skin as otln !has ever done. "A 25-cent trial bottls will atart tkmcure, and give you instant relief. jFor Sale by G. S. Varden & Son.FOR RENT.Storeroom corner Fourth and MainI. L. PRICK r2 3tJAMES WILLS..rr-minargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.MargoleParis, Ky.IsflS!KNOW YOURSELF!. Eraeoa Lisfat for Ercry Mas. Tree rmail, sealed, to thoscj enclosing Tc Cut iastamps, for postage, etc. orth its weight la.cold to any discouraged, saffaring maa. Tfatebook; ontains vital facts oa acute and tbrontedisei-eJ. iucludinu Nerroiw ad IltiCADebility. ExUauatcd Vitality, AtrapAr.Varicocele and all Disease and IKfcUties of Mon from -whatever cau5e ;.lu' produced, how cured: also Blood Poison. is tcpii i aresults; its conqueror by medical science lu itlatest aiid moat remarkable victory. P"1'".1'fanes of this awful malady and making UguJcKiyand easily curable. Write for it todayAddres "tho Ir. 0I,E I3ISTITIITFSuite One, Columbia Theater BldK.,CinciBnMti.O.Famous for almost a scoro of years in UaciHnatias a Specialist to Men.!ToConsumers ofWATER:Your attention is called to thefollowing rule:The use of hose is limitedto two hours per day, an'd inno case to be used betweenthe hours of 9 p. m. and 5a.Jm.Many persons are allowing hose,to be run on gardens at night.You will please observe the aboverule, as I will see this is done.For each violation of the aboverule a fine of $2 will be imposed,and if not paid, water will beshut off.Paris Water Co.,NEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.AnnouncementJMAHsSDEBTFF0$TSTyHealth, Siranrjth, Ylg", Vitality..:'I have located in Paris for tba purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a build for the pasttwenty years, and can haadlc yourbuildings, large or small. I will bmglad to furnish you cstimalea oa shcrtnotice. The best of referencea 1 farnished. Call on me at FotdhamHotel, or call up Home ho 37, EastTenn. phone 12S-2.W. C. HESTERiXvv2...rV-" GSt-PMirUnLi&jMBitiMrf'myoiwmfrDrti'Under th DMct favorable auspicethe mw M. E. church. South, wadedicated Sunday with appropriateexercises. A large audience composedof people of all denominations filledthe auditorium and lecture rooin,which was thrown open, an nearly allthe available seating space in the Lnewtemple of worship was occupied.The dedication sermon was preached by Bishop H. C. Morrison, of Florida. The musical prorgam was a featureof the service. It opened with avoluntary on the grand pipe organ byMrs. W. H. Oailey. The congregationtbea joined in singing the PortugueseHyn.The Apostle's Creed was then recited, followed by prayer by Elder CareyE. Morgan, of the Christian church.Ilise Mary Dan Harbison sang withpower and feeling, "Compassion'after which a lesson from the twentyeighth chapter of Genesis was read byRev. J. L. Clarke. This was followedJby Gloria Patri and a lesson from theNew Testament. Matt. 16 :13, 20, readby Bishop Morrison.Miss Harriett Poynter, of Shelbyville, rendered a beautiful violin solo,which was followed by a hymn announced by Prof. Fisher, of Millersburg Female College.Bishop Morrison then entered upontbeaermon, from the text, "Thou artPeter, and upon its Rock I will buildmy church, and the gates of hell shallnot prevail against it," Matt. 16:18.His leading thought was the church ofGod in the broadest and most inclusivemeaning of the terra, applying to alldenominations and to all who love theLord and expect to be saved.The first point considered was thefound atien. The connection teachesthat the disciples had given the Masterthe various verdicts of others as to hispersonality, some placing him amongthe Baptists, even the Chief of Prophets. But he asked their opinion andPeter ever ready to answer, and risingto the magnitude of the occasionanswered: "Thou art the Christ, theson of the Living God." Peter hadlight which the others did net have,the light of inspiration, and the Masterinstantly answered : "Thou art Peter,and upon this rock I will build mychurch." Peter had received the diTine touch, which gives not only light,as" to the apostles in prison upon oneoccasion, but it also gives strength toovercome under all conditions, makingrocks out of reeds and the most timidto be mar try s.3esus did not mean that Peter wasthe foundation of the church, butrather the spiritual basis which giverise to the declaration, that is the realibindation upon which every church isto be builded. When anything else isimtituted reputation, wealth or otherfoundation stone the church will fall,but if stayed on the true foundation"the gates of hell shall not prevailfi Mrtctfist Ckwrckcaiti.I (toping OIe &f fe KiSSSS'fe. :tCm- i FvC r" ""r-"-d4l fel v-r-i'A5i'I ViH:iS"4r"-l-,i:;;; - ?'&y i stick, each sconng four safeties outt jkwTXv r 'A WrfVfrlf k V & VW&ViJ .ifS.; of six times at bat The score:t r-V?r '- I W NTlfw; AXa j Ikyd M'Kfl Maysville... .0 0 120050001-91 VHj S I AsZs- 'JJ w -? u W' -- Vt 1 Batteries-Paris. Hauser, Schraudera t V - C1ZS Vb-- --i V- 'Now Is Your ChanceAtPorch Chairs arid Settees.Porch Rugs, two-tone green, - -Porch Swings, Mission finish,A beautiful line of Fiber Rugs, large size, -The New Iceberg Refrigeratorand Ice Boxes$6.50, $8.75, $9.50, $13,$14.75, $15.50 to $35Brass Beds $16.75, $20,Gasoline Cook StovesA'Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet or the Marion Cabinet for the' ' ' 'A. F.Main and 3rd Sts.again It." the Bishop, said. - , -Bishop Morritoa's sermon 'was' oneef great power and theoghtAt the close ofhis sermon the Bi shop announced that an indebtedness -of16,000 must be raised before thechurch could be dedicated'.to the worship of God. This was soon raised" inpledges, from $500 down to $5 by individual members of this and otherchurches, by classes and church organizations, and then the building wasformally presented by the Rtewarrisand accepted by the Bishop Son behalfof the standing congregation.Splendid Bill at the Grand.The bill at the Grand last night wasthe most interesting one of the season.The two double acts and the two reelsof pictures ere both far above theaverage. The additional attraction,Ita, the girl mentalist, made an instantaneous hit and there is no doubtthe Grand will be packed the remainder of the week during her stay.The Winchester News of lat weekhad the following in regard to Ita:"Ita, thb girl mentalist, continuesto grow in favor with the general public. She has enabled several personsto trace lost articles and very seldomfails in giving the name and occupation of those to whom she talks.Shetold a lady several nigh's ago thather'watch had been stolen. The ladydid not believe it, but when she madea search for the watch it was missing.In many cases, Ita is able to anwserquestions which have been prepared athome by the questioners, and thenature of which has not been confidedto anyoneThere is no question but that thegirl has some peculiar power whichthe ordinary mortal does (not possess.By what "trickery" could she be a bleto describe articles worn by persons inthe auidence when she is securelyblindfolded and no word is spoken byDr. Riualdo; or give the sum of acolumn of figures in a tenth of thetime which lt.takes the mathematicianin the audience to obtain it by calculation. "These and many other similarthings Ita does with little effort.There are many who believe that herperformance is a 'fake,' but we haveyet to hear a reasonable explanationof it."James is Confident.Ollie M. James addressed a largeaudience at the court house Saturdayaf ternon in the interest of his candidacy to succeed Thomas H. Paynter inthe United States Senate. This wasMr. James's first appearance here in apolitical campaign. He severely scored Republican irreggularities, andoutlined a Democratic plan of reform,and reiterated his arraignment ofSenator Paynter's record in the Loriroer senatorial matter. Mr. James declared that he would be nominated andelected by the largest majority evergiven a Democratic candidate in Kentucky.a Very Little CostWheelerCHAS. GREEN, ManagerParis, Kentucky- -J ."SHEARS TRIMS MAYSVILLExvo2' li try w psTtBourbon Circuit Court Convenes.The June term of the Bourbon Circuit Uourt convened yesterday morning with Judge L. P. Fryer, of theEighteenth Judicial District, presidingin the absence of Judge Robt. L.Stout, whose physical condition is suchtas not to permit him to occupy thebench. Commonwealth sAttorneyRobt. B. Franklin is here to look after!the interests of the Commonwealth.Upon convening Court Sheriff A. S.Thompson. W. O. Marshall, W. F. Talbott and Ernest Martin were sworn.The selecting of the grand jury followed and that body is made up of thefollowing: C. A. Webber, foreman;H, H. Chinn, Reynolds J.etton. JohnHazelrigg, Catesby Woodford, Jr., H.W. Purdy, Bruce Feeback, B. A.Frank, John Barbee, Ed Turner, I. F.Wilmott.Judge Fryer delivered a lengthycharge to the grand jury, porting outmatters to be investigated, calling attention to minor infractions of thelaw, and the offense of carrying concealed weapons. He said juries insuch cases should inflict the punishment of imprisonment upon such violators, as fines in these cases wereoften paid by the violators, but a justspntence for such offenses would havea more telling effect and eventually bethe means of puttkg a stop to suchpractices.He also charged the jury to investigate any violations of the liquor lawsand to investigate thoroughly any"bootlegging" cases brought to theirnotice.Another point brought before theto Get Summer Goods75c$1.00 up to $9.75$2.75 up to $5.00$6.75 up to $11.00$28.75 up to $65.$2.75 up to $5.75Furniture Co.:i3-td'?lV - :jury by Judge Fryer was his charge tothem to investigate thoroughly the infractions ot the fish and game lawsand to probe into any alleged dynamiting and seining cases brought beforethem. Judge Fryer- said the practiceof dynamiting and seining streamswas a practice that should be broughtI to halt- Th.e grand jury then retiredw nib 6"vj jmjr iuuui tu enter uponarduous duties.Following the call of the docketcourt adjourned until this morning at10 o'clock.Dennison Lunch Sets.Full line of Dennison's paperlunchsets, napkins, ice cups, etc.2ZZ PARIS BOOK CO.Attend the Sale.Attend the auction sale of the fTenihan proprety on Vine street, Saturday, June 17, at 2 p. m.A Peek Into His Pocketwould show the box of Bucklen's Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y., ahraj's carries." I have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it would not soon heal,"he writes. Greatest healer of bnrns,boils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,fever sores, skin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles. 25c at Obcrdorfer's.Iup to $5.50frjee of $25.00Opp. Court HouseWews ! The JHubm: S FRIDAY. ;vParis' won in a sjoggfig natch withWinchester on the lattcr's graunda 'Friday. Heavy hitting on the part ofthe Bourbon i tea was tha feature of thecontestHarold was on the mound for Paris,and while he was hit pretty freely,kept them pretty well scattered.Saunders started in for the Hustlers,and did well until the sixth inning,when the Bourbonites fell on to himand batted out three runs. Burdenthen relieved him, but was unable tostop the bombardment. The Bourbonites piled up sixteen hits which nettednine runs. Winchester took the leadin the first ining, and kept it until theninth when Paris tiea the score, andwon out in the tenth. The score:Winchester 3 01021000 0-7Paris 101003002 2-9Batteries Paris, Harold and Mayer;Winchester, Saunders. Burden andLaross. Hits Paris 16, Winchester 8.Errors Paris 6, Winchester 3. Earnedreoa Paris 5, Winchester 3. Threebase hits Harrell, McKernan. Twobase hits Harrell, Mayer, Barnett,Kuhlman, Reed, Coleman 2. Bases onballs-off Harold 2, off Saunders 1.Struck out by Haiold 1, hy Saunders3, by Burden 4, Passed ball Laross.Hit by pitcher by Harrold l.by Saunders 1. Time 2:20. Attendance--300.U mpire Bohannon ,SATURDAY.Paris won an exciting and intenselyinteresting game from Maysville onthe local lot Saturday afternoon inwhich it took eleven innings to decidethe result.The game was stubbornly contestedand both teams hit the ball hard.McKernan used two pitchers to savethe game that had to all appearancesbeen handed to the visitors in theseventh inning.Hauser showed up well for two ses-McKernan "Crabbed" with Wilkerson in the Eleventh aid wasPut Off the Field.siens, but the Rivermen fell to his delivery and puunded the ball to the fourcorners of the lot. In the seventh,after the visitors had put three runsover the plate, he was yanked fromthe mound and Schrauder substituted.The locals hammered at Nicolavigorously and in only two of the sessions of the long drawn out contest didthey fail to land the ball in safeterritory.The locals fielded brillantly, Harrellshowing up in the best form, accepting bvelve chances withuut a bcbble.Kcmaine and Barnett starred with theand Mayer ; Maysville, Nicols andGoodfellow. Hits Paris 17, Maysville 16. Errors Paris 2, Maysville 5.Two base hits Harrell, Mayer,Clever, McKernan, Maxwell, Goodfellow. Tnree base hits Wiley, Goodfellow. Base on balls off Hauser 1.off Schrauder 1, off Nichols 6. Wildpitches Hauser, Schrauder. Passedball Mayer. Hit by pitcher Carmonv. Sacrfiice hits Goodman,Friedley. Sacrifice lly Clever. Time2:25. Umpire Wilkerson. Attendance 330.SUNDAY.The event'of Sunday proved to bequite a disappointment when the Bourbonites swamped the Rivermen andwon by a score of 13 to 1.The contest was too one sided to beof any interest and after the secondinning our boys showed considerableclass when it came to hitting the balland counting-runs.Romaine proved to be just to the-.Poland Juggled Romanics High Flyin the Third.liking of tbe Paris batters and theyleaned on his benders for hit after hit.At stages he was as wild as a Marchhare and when he could find the platethe opposing fielders were frequently Lspnt on long excursions to retrieve thesphere.The game should have resulted in acomplete blanking for the Rivermenbut in the eighth. Harrejl let Wilej'ggrounJer get past hira and the playNO KOUGM STUFF0"0ak warnmm...SJWuSJ'wa wapaagtMi flog tl liFig&rattatfcajT man. . - ,-TIm iocftfe, f5ldtd wt! ,fwV tlwstart nd tb class of kail tkst stowed the opposing team to be of ratheramateurish material.Shears showed up Jn fine form allowing but seven hits three of which wereof a scratchy order. He hit the balland three safe drives were registeredto bis 'credit out of five times at thebat. The score :Maysville 0 000000101Paris 0 10 0 3 12 6 x 13Batteries Paris, Shears and Mayer;Maysville, Romaine and Far r Ml. HitsParis 18, Maysville 7. ErrorsMaysville 4. Two base hits Farrell,Shears,. Barnett, Goodman. Threebase hit Mayer. Base on balls offShears 4, off Romaine 5. Struck outby Shears 2, by Romaine 8. Wildpitches Romaine 2. Hit by pitcherGoodman. Sacrifice flies McKernanKuhlman. Time 2:10. UmpireWilkerson. Attendance 1,200.MONDAY.Paris lost to Winchester yesterdayby a score of 8 to 3. Schrauder pitched great ball until the seventh whenthe Hustlers pounded in three runsand won out in the two final innings.Why does Manager (?) Mackev. nfthe Rivermen, allow his pitchers to benamraered to the four corners of theyard? At the first sign of weakeningMcKernan will yank any one of thefour Bourbonite hurlers from themound. It works in big leagues andin the minors too. Looks to us likethe one weak spot in the Maysvilleclub is the "steering gear."Thursday will be ladies' day at thelocal grounds when all the ladies attending the game will be admittedfree.Harrell suffered a slight sprain whenhe slid into third in the eighth inningSunday and did not go with the club toWinchester yesterday.In the fifth and eighth innings theentire Bourhonite aggregation facedRomaine. McKernan was up for thesecond time in the eighth when Ilarr?ll was caught at third.Two hundred and fifty fansfrom Maysville Sunday to seewallop the Mfckeyites.cameParisWinchester will be the attraction atWhite Park this afternoon. Gamecalled at 3:15. Thursday on the homegrounds Paris will meet FrankfurtFell Beneath Train.John D. Pugh, of Paris, a firemanon the L. & N. railroad, met deathFriday morning about one o'clock,near Lilly.a few miles north of Corbin, by falling beneath a frieght trainMr. Pugh was firing freight engineNo. 12o2, which wa3 in charge of Engineer J. W. Bowling. The train wasmaking good speed up the steep gradeand the fireman, who was in the act ofthrowing a snovel of coal in the firebox, fell beneath the moving trainwhen the kink pin between the engine and tank snapped, and the locomotive, freed from its heavy load,plunged forward.Several cars passed ovei the unfortunate man, cutting off one of his legsat the thigh and tha other at the ankle. His trunk was severed and theback of his head mashed to a pulp.Engineer Bowling brought his en.' ineto a step ss quickly as possible andthe mangled remains were put Grjboard the engine and taken to Londonwhere they were -prepared for burial,and shipped to this city Friday afternoon. He is survived by his wife, who wasformerly Mrs. Frankie Faucett. ofFalmouth. They had been residentsof Paris a little ,-nore than a year.The funeral services were held atthe residence on Pleasant street Sunday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock, conducted by Elder Carey E. Morgan, and theremains were taken to Covingtonyesterday morning for interement inthe Highland cemetery.High School Graduating Exercises. ?hi anuual commencement exercisesof the Paris High School were heldThursday evening at the High SchoolAuditorium before a large audience.Fourteen students, seven youngladies and seven young gentlemen, received their diplomas. An interestingprogram was rendered. Miss FriedaHeller and Mr. John T. Price, thehonor pupils, Jhad excellent oratious:and the music both by the High Schoolband and the Girls' Glee Club, was ofa high order.The address to the graduates byProf. J. C. Atuheaon, president ofCaldwell College. Danville, aboundedin practical advice to the young peopleas to the requisites necessary to theachievement of success.Dr. F. L. Lapsley, secretary of theBoard of Education, presented thediplomas to the members of the classand Prof. George W. Chapman spokebriefly in .his usual earnest manner.The year just closing has been themust successful in many respects intheVlistory of the school, and Paris isto be congratulated upon the high order of. its educationl advantages asafforded by this institution.Friday evening the annual alumnibanquet was held. An elaborate menuwas served and the following programrendered :Music Band.Toastmaster Prof Stackhouse.Invocation-Rev. E. M. Lightfoot.welcome AddressMr. W. T. Clarkf resident. -:&?-Response Mr. Wm. Chisholm.Music Band."Our ComradeGeorge Doyle.of Yore" Mr."11" Miss Helen Desha.Solo Miss Birdie Wollstein.. !!Xhe ladies" Mr. Harold Harris.I Our Alma Mater" Miss MarearPtBuchanan.Music Band., "The Parting of tha Ways" Prof.G. W. Chapmaa."Lights Ahead" Miss FriJa"Heller.Benediction.-O..J-3rt.-:5-r' -: C-ttbrw-- 'j'- - h s -jzt,--v,S4 Z3c$&:' " - -,T "r-?J-?-rf r r. . tZ- - 't-1'- "ft "Sr-.:A'- -.-i.-l.Vir- - j-5f c 'EKam'4oIp'tw-ftI M-"Vfiffi BOURBON NEWS:ffzflwfofeyylFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMECattle Shipped.Mr. W. G. McClintock; shipped tothe Pittsburg-, Pa., market Friday twocarloads of fine cattle.Furniture.See J. T. Hinton' big stock of furniture before you buy. Big line cfnew mahogany just received. ,Governor Gray Wins Derby.At Latonia Saurday Governor Graywen the Derby in the remarkable timeof 2:30 2-5. Stiar Gharter was secondand Messenger Boy third.Just Received.A new consignment of ladiesners. something fine and cheap.Gtf FELDS' SHOE STOREslip-Lenihan Property at Auction.If you wish to invest in real estatethat is rapidly increasing in value, attend the auction sale of the Lenihanproperty on Vine street, Saturdayafternoon, June 17, 1911, at 2 p. m.Called Committee Meeting.The members of the Bourbon County Democratic Committee is called tomeet at the court house in Paris onIftenesday, June 14 at 2 o'clock.C. C. CLARKE, Chairman.Important Meeting.There will bi an important meetingof Richard Hawes Chapter D. of C,Friday, June 16, at 3 o"clock. Asbusiness of-importance is to come before the meeting a full attendance ofthe members of the Chapter is requested.The Best Freezer.Everyone knows that the "WhiteMountain" freezer is the best on themarket. We want to let you knowthat we sell them.9 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.To Dismantel Distillery.' The G. G. White distillery, in thiscity, which is under the control of theKentucky Distillers and WarehouseCo., is to cease operations, and workof dismantelinp the plant has begun.The entire eqiipment will be removedto Camp Nelson where it will bs installed and put in operation.For Summer.Porch shades, hammocks, lawnbenches, porch swings, lawn swingsat special prices atJ. T. HINTON'S.FE1SONAL MENTION. -,.' t,Mr. J. H. ThoMpcon .is viiitingfritnds in Cincinnati. -Dr. J. M. Laco.k it in Brooksvilleon professional business.Mr. Robert J. Neely, who hasbeen ill, is able to be out.Mips Katie Green, of Cynthina, isthe guest of Mr, J, H. Doty.Mrs. J. Q. Martin, who has beenquite ill fo a wees is better.Miss Nellie Sharron, of Richmond,is visiting Mies Julia Clark.Mrs. Grover Baldwin is sufferirgfrom an attack of typhoid fever.Mr. Garrard Shropshire, of Winchester, was a visitor in Paris Sunday.Mr. Hugh Brent left this morningfor Buffalo and Niagara to spend aweek.Mrs. P. A. Thompson and childrenare visiting relatives in Wyoming,Ohio.Mrs. A. K. Young i3 visiting herdaughter, Mrs. Percy Smith, in Cynthiana. Miss Sophia Moore, of Crawfordsville, Ind., is visiting her sister, Mrs.Chas. Thumas.Miss Elizabeth Clay, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. T. H. Clay, Jr., is illwith typhoid fever.Mrs. Mary P. Howe has gone toChicago to spend the summer with herson, Mr. William Howe.Mr. and Mrs. Rion Dow, of FortDodge, Iowa, are visiting relativesand friends in this city.Misses Minni and Anna Conley, ofLudlow, are guests of their aunt,Mrs. George McWilliams.Miss Edna Earle Hinton has returned from a short visit to MissJessie Arnold, at Lutonia.Mrs. W. R. Swearengen anddaughter, of Chicago, are visiting theformer's father, Mr. Geo. R. Davis.Miss Margaret Ferguson, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Roberts, entertained with a dance at Elks Hall lastnight.Mr. Bennett Bean, State Inspectorof the Kentucky Underwriters Association, was in the city yesterday onbusiness.Mr. W. O. Hinton is recoveringrapidly from his lecent attack of appendicitis and will be able to be out ina few days.Miss Hazel Cottingham of London,is the guest of her parents, Mr. andMis. A. W. Cottingham, en SouthMain street.Mrs. Russell Dyche an little son,Mai tin. of London .are the guests oftJe former's brothers, Messrs. Ernestand Walter Martin.Mrs. L. K. Frankle and little son,Jim, of Lexington, are the guests ofMr. and Mrs. A. J. Winters. Prof.Frank lu visited them on Sunday.'Found Deri ? IrirBefo.' XRubtrt Phillip", aged. 76 yearswarfound dMd in-bd at thhome of- hiaton, Georg Phillips, in Thornton Division Saturday morning. Mr. Phillips has been ill for about threeweeks, - suffering from Bright's disease, but his death was unexpected.At 5 o'clock he was talking to oneof the members of the family, but atthe breakfast hour it was found he hadexpired. The body will be taken forinterment to Odville, Harrison sounty,Monday morning ?n the 8 o'clocktrain.Pollard in Paris.Mr. 0. H. Pollard, of Jackson,Breathitt county, was in Paris yesterday in the interest of his candidacyfor Attorney General.Will Move to Missouri,C. F. Didlake sold his home in EastParis Friday to Mrs. Elizabeth Rogersfor $3,800. Mr. and Mrs. Diddlakewill move to Oklahoma, where Mrs.Didlake has two sisters, Mrs. MattTurney and Mrs. Green Clay, formerly of this county.Kaiser Traded to Boston.Alfred Kaiser, formerly with Paris,who this season was purchased fromLouiaville by Chicago, was Saturdayincluded in a trade between Chicagopnd Boston. Johnny Kling, the veteran Cub catcher, was also included andafter catching one game announced hewould retire from base ball. Thetrade was the biggest of the year inbase ball and four players were transferred from each club.Overcome by Heat.Saturday night Miss JMabel Snapp,a clerk at the store of C. S. Goldstein,was overcome by the intense heat.She fell to the flonr in a faint and wasremoved to her home on Fergusonstreet, where she recieved medical attention. At first it was thought hercondition was critical, but she is recovering rapidly.- Cauliflowr, fgooMiriesI "cherriesMississippi tomatoes,, roasting Mrxrand the best of everything.. c: p. cook & co.WE DOdorsesboeingfPlain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines, Automobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sam1! Kerslake & Son.msssmassmmm. V- . --vSpecialAll the Outdoors AwaitsYourKO DAK:LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.IW. Ed. Tucker.Double Tracking Begins.The double tracking of the Louisville& Nashville railroad bptween this cilyxmd Covington was begun Saturdaywhen the first ground was broken nearParis. Eight contracts, each for theconstruction of ten miles of trackwere Kt some time ago and the workis to be pushed as rapidly as possible.Valuable Building Lots.Four valuable building lots will beFold at auction on Saturday, June 17,at 2 p. m. at the sale of the Lenihanproperty on Vue street.Contracts Let.C. S- Brent and Brother have letthe contract for the erection of a largewarehouse, 3Sxl 1G feet, on Fourthstreet, near the L. &. N. lailroad. tothe Bourbon Lumber Coprany. Cotabout $2,500.Mr. Clarence Kenney will build ahandsome country home on the Harrcd'p Creek pike at a cost of $4,000.The same company seemed this contract also.Blue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you withsarkf?. Roth nhones.3 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Falls From Auto.While coming to Paris from Maysville Friday night with a party offriends in an'automobik Ed Whittington, of Msysville, fell out of the machine at a point about four miles fromlhat city, and was seriously injuredinternally as well as painfully bruised.He struck the ground head foremost.He was taken to Maysville Saturdaynight by his wife after having beencared for at the Fordham Hotel duringthe day. The auto party was composed of Joe Marshall, Alva Lowe, Chas.Throckmorton and Wesley Holder.A Nice Home.The Lenihan property on Vine streetto be sold at pulie auction on Saturday, June 17, at 2 p. m. is conveniently nnoioi and will make a nice Jiomeor a splendid investment.Condemnation Suit.The first suit condemning propertyfor new right-of way for tht doubletrack of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad Company, has been filed inthe County Court by the above enmpkny, against Jacob C. Keller, for tlepurpose of establishing a price on astrip of ground near Kiserton thirtyfeet wide running parallel with thepresent tracks of the Railroad Ccm-Judge Denis Dundon has namedMessrs. E. P. ClaybrocK, josepnEwalt and S. L. Weathers as a committee to investigate and make a reoort as to thelvalue of the ground involved, and it is likely the matter willbe passed on July 3.Convenient Property.The Lsnihan property on Vine streetto ? sold at auction m Saturday,June 17 t2p. m.. ! convenient toSeLtN. railroad. alW 'ts.v elj ssW is very deairable.Mr. Hugh Montgomery has returned from an extended trip through theNorthwest, and reports veiy promising crop prospects in Iowa, Wisconsin,the Dakutas and Canada.Misses Lillian and Ruth Austinhave returned from Florida, whereMiss Lillian has been teaching at St.Petersburg, and Misa Ruth has been astudent at the State College at Talla-hasse.Resolutions.At the regular meeting of the CityCouncil held in Carlsle, Ky., June 5,1911, the following resolutions wereadopted :Resolved, That U12 thanks of thecity of Carlisle be terdered to theFire Departments of Paris and Millersburg and to the citizens, thereof,and to the Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company ard to W. IL Anderson,of Paris, Ky., its Superintendent, fortheir services reruerr d at the lire ofMay 1G. 1011, in Carli.-U, Ky., andfor then promptness m responding tothe call for aid jnd their efficientwork while rere. And clso to thankthe Mayors of Ux-ngicn, Flemingsburg and Ma sviIIj lor tier offer ofassistance. .- nd.Be it further iebohcd. That theseresolutions be published in the citypapers and copies sent to the respective cities for publication; and thattnese lesolutions be spread at largeupon the minutes of this meeting.Given under my hand as Mayor ofthe City of Carlisle this the 6th day ofJune, 1911.J. H. FREY, Mayor.By S. C. Vaughn, City Clerk.IIIXXIFEESCut RateCash SpecialsKodaks $5 to $110Brownie Camdras $1 to $12Star Brand HamsThe Ham That Am,Our Price per Pound15cArgo StarchThe Best Starch Made3 Five Cent Boxes For 10cDaugbwfy BrosLOST.Mr. and Mrs. Ed Hughe?, ofMonett, Mo., leturned to their homeThursday after a months visit to relatives here. They were accompaniedhome by Mrs. James Connelly, whowill visit them for a month.Mrs. J. D. Morrison, of Charleston, W. Va., arrived Fiiday to spendthe summer with her parents, Mr. andMrs. J. D. Butler, on Mt. Airy. Slidis accompanied by Miss Louise, Johnand Dudley Morrison.Misses Nell and Virginia Crutchpr,of this city, are attending the YoungWomen's Christian Association Convention now in session at JAshville, N.C., the former being delegate fromCaldwell College, of Danville, and thelatter from Millersburg Female College. Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery entertainedSaturday afternoon in honor of hersisters, Misses Eva and Jessie .Spencer, of Lexington, and Miss MaryThornton, of Atlanta, Ga. An eleganttwo-ccurse luncheon was 'Served, lheguests present were: Misses Eva andJessie Spencer, Mary Thornton. MaryFithan Hutchcraft, Rachel Wiggins,Ellen Towles, Mary Elizabeth Clark,Mary Woodford. Elizabeth Embry,Nancy Griffith, Helen Hutchcraft, Lucille and Margaret Morris, Edna EarleHinton, Edith Myall and Carolyn Roseberry and Mesdsmes Carl Wilmott. C.A. McMillan, John Davis, White Varden, Percy Thompson, Wade Whitley,Charlts May and E. M. Dickson.Saturday afternoon Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft entertained at herhome on Second street in honor ofMrs. Buckner Woodford, Jr., Mrs.John N. Davis .and Miss Edna EarleHint)n. The home was attractivewith its decorations of summer flowers. The guests were served with anelegant course luncheon consisting ofsubstantials, ices and cakes. Themipcsts nresent were Miss Edna EarleHinton, Mrs. John Davis, Mrs. Buckner Woodfrcd, Jr.. Misses EmilyWoodall, Covington; Elsie Miles, Vir-oinia-Sallie Lockhirt. Mary Clay,Mary Woodford, Rachel Wiggins,Elizabeth Emhry, Loraine Butler andMary Thurnton, Atlanta, Ga. ; Mesdames. Withers Davis, Clell Turney.Lon Taylor. Chas. McMillan, WadeWhitley, Wm. B. Ardery, John Yerkes, Carl Wilmott, White Varden andWm. Dudley.Passe-partout Mottoes.See our beautiful line of passepartout mottoes and pictures just received. PARIS BOOK CO.Warehouse receipt for three barrelsof Sam Clay whisky. Suitable rewardfor return toT. F.B RANNON,13 St Paris, Ky.No. G323.REPORT OF CONDITION OFFirst National Bank,KEEPI am exclusive agent forAT PARIS, KY. 'In the State of Kentucky, at theof business June 7, 1911.closeRESOURCES.Loans and Discounts $398,290 60U. S. Bonds to secuie circulation 100,000 00U. S. Bonds to secure U. S.deposits 1,000 00Due from National Banks(not reserve agents) 1,162 36Due from State and piivatebanks and bankers, trustcompanies and savingsbanks 159 97Due from approved reserve Jagents 35,806 09 JChecks and other cash items 4,697 72 .Note3 of other National IBanks - 6,800 00Fractional paper cunencynickels and cents 78 46Specie f 16,491 00Legal-tender notes 2,000 0018,491 00Redemption fund with U. S.Treasurer (5 per cent, ofcirculation) otuuo wj FEE'S I :COOL 5Vudor tPorch Shadesand jrfammocksI have only a few left and am closing themout at exceptionally low prices.These Goods Are theBest Made'She can tee him, but he can't e fcer"PORCH SHADES'(S!0pmv. tr . r"r?r3;v, i-rV-l Vh JS rA-VAr-3-yi vr i tDue from 17. S. TreasurerTotal.2-50?571,489 30Child Badly Hurt.Evelyn, the Httls daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Alex Tingle, o.f Fifteenthstreet, was badly hurt Friday afternoon by runnkig into a companionwith whom she was playing, and received severe injury to one of hereyef. She was attended by Dr. Willi TH Kenney.LIABILITIES.Capital stock paid in. .$100,000 00Surplus fund 50,000 00Undivided profits, less expenses and taxes paid 9,331 41National Bank Notes outstanding 100,000 00Due to other National Banks 50 48Due to State and PrivateBanks and Bankers 13,185 26Individual deposits subjecttocheck 2-10,808 02Time certificates of deposit 23,811 00United States deposits . . 1,000 00Bills payable, including certificates of deposit formoney borrowed 20,000 00Reserved for taxes :3,002 53Total -571,489 30State of Kentucky, County of Bour-1bon, ss: I, Jas. McCluie, Cashier ofthe above named bank, do solemnly j?wpar that the above statement is trueI to the best of my knowledge and be-'net.JAS. MsCLURE. Cashier.Subscribed and sworn to before methis 9th day of June, 1911.GRACE DONALDSON,Notary Public.Correct Attest: Claude M. Thomas,Clifton Arnsparger, R. B. Hutchcraft,Directors.HFiirarwvjiirJ r i i . i-Ji- . - -j1Every Refrigerator Left MustBe Sold!Our Business on Refrigerators has beentremendous, having been compelled torebuy three different times, butA Few Left at Big ReductionsCome in and get aLawn Swing, Porch Chair,Porch Swing, orPorch RugI cannot afford to carry them over.A few folding Lawn Benches 75c. Good ones.iFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday -'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.J. T. HINTON.41IlIViT-LT i.&-krr. ?'-.S3P"av-J -i3r-..'ZfrfUJ? -;svr s.'-!. j&'x. -a - - -' '.'jfc-i .:jW , WVtr rrjse -A.V"2$"-j.- .tJ.-' &.-w -- -J--1- -? '--jum i -i urn jairirff1 . II I" I ' IHt jl!" ' J IZZdJL3KwJ4ty y "- -IHEBOtNEW, HE13 1911.-r-A lion TamedBy R. W. KENANCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.x VH MaV ' X$ ft. in. r "1.. I'i i I 1 Hi I LM Wk 1 w W HLook for this Sign onVU imnif frnsirn ifihrf5 i.-I M.L-;-uiuu vvu II r u iriicnctinIN STOCK BYBourbon Garage and Supply Co.Corner ol Fourth andProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiIilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Jitoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones )e13.13G.J E. T. 334.( Home 334.ResidenceDB. A. H KELLYER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - KentuckyHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestVJlnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenu. Pho e G69Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.After The Grippe"I am much pleased, to be able to write and thankJ'ou for what Cardui has done for me," writes Mrs. Sarah. Gilliland, of Siler City, N. C"Last February, I had the Grippe, which left me inbad shape. Before that, I had been bothered with femaletrouble, for ten years, and nothing seemed to cure it"At last, I began to take Cardui. 1 have taken onlythree bottles, but it has done me more good than all thedoctors or than any other medicine I ever took."b CARDUIJtThe Woman's TonicFor the after-effects of any serious illness, like theGrip. Cardui is the best tonic you can use.It builds strength, steadies the nerves, improves theappetite, regulates irregularities and helps bring back thenatural glow ol health.Cardui is your best friend, if you only knew itThink of the thousands of ladies whom Cardui hasfcelped! What could possibly prevent it from helping you?- Remember you cannot get the benefit of the Carduiingredients in any other medicine, for they are not for sale1m any drug store except in the Cardui bottle. Try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Cbattaaoota, Ten,far Ssvcfcf tmtnct'wu, md Hte took,Leading Ganges4irt onfin ftTfi JC x-. ,"v;,,.? MfiniaA 1&ivi"j . A.iwffitSJHigh, Paris. Ky.6. X Determati,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building".920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.. ,in xne cure or consumption,concentrated,easilydigestednourishment is necessary.-" For 35 yearsScott's Emulsionhas been the standard,world-wide' treatment forconsumption. AiiPrwt"Hose Trcatiaeat for Wotaea." scat freev LJA good many years ago, when theUnion Pacific railroad was being built,one going across the continent wasobliged to travel by stage a good partof the way. One day a coach loadedwiUi passengers was going up anddown the uneven country formed bythe Rocky mountains. The drivers ofthose coaches were usually excellentmen and very expert in driving sixhorses over the zigzag roads. Indeed,they were like the engineer of a railway train who holds the lives of thosebehind him in his band. But in thiscase if the driver was expert he wasnot careful of the lives of his passengers. Rather, he was Just the reverse.In going down a grade be would golickity-spllt, turning curves over precipices, slurring the coach to the veryedge, to the horror of those for whomhe was driving.The women, at first, when passingthrough one of these dangers, wouldhold onto what was nearest to themfor dear life, but would finally cry outwith terror. Some of the men expostulated with the driver, but were told sofiercely to shut up that none of themdared to enter further protest Besides, they saw that what they saidonly incited him to new violence.Beside the driver sat a young manIn a checkerboard suit He did notjoin the others In endeavoring to stopthe man's recklessness, though he wasnearest to him. He kept his armsfolded, balancing himself as the stagecareened like a ship, both sidewaysand fore and aft Ho was not overfive feet six inches high and not especially thick In proportion to his height.The. driver being six feet tall andheavy in proportion, it was not to bewondered that the little man held hispeace.The coach had made one of its breakneck descents and had reached leveltravelling, with a gradual ascent ahead,when the man in a checkerboard suitsaid to the driver In a low tone:"Been drinking?""Naw. Haven't taken a drink in ayear.""Reckon you're right I could smellIt if you had. Well, seeln' you're notdrunk, what you tryln' to spill usfor?"The driver turned and looked downon the little man contemptuously."See here, young feller," he thundered, "do you know what passengersgits for Interferin with ribbon holders?" "No. Do they get shot?""Git shot! Do you suppose I'dwaste good lead on your little carcass?" "Well, what would you do if I wereto interfere with your drivin'?""I'll tell you what I'd do-I'd justbring my arm around and wipe youoff into the road."The outside passengers sitting behindthe two were interested in their conversation. The little man asked thequestions in a childlike fashion, as asmall boy would ask them, the bigman always responding with the growlof a lion. When the driver spoke thelast words the horses had come to thebeginning of the ascent and haddropped into a walk. .Suddenly theman in the checkerboard suit seemedto double up lilce a jackknife. Bracinghis back against the top of the coachbehind him, he put his feet against thedriver, gave a shove, and Hie Iti manlanded ten or twelve feet belou In theroad. 'This was not all. The litiio manjumped after liim and landed besidehim. The big man got half way upon his feet when the little man planted a blow on his jaw and rolled himover again. The big man made another attempt to rise, and the little manhit him another crack, with the sameresult Then, throwing off his checkerboard coat, the latter said:"Git up!"This time the driver was permittedto rise and rushed for his tormentorlike a bull. The tormentor was notIn the line of rush, but as the driverpassed he received a blow under thechin that leveled him again with theroad. He was allowed to rise afterthis when knocked down and everytime he arose was sent back where hecame from. He was a strong man, buthis adversary played with him as acat would play with a mouse. Finallythe driver's strength was all spent, andbe lay in the road like a log.One of the outside passengers hadcaught the reins 'and brought the horsesto a stand, and the passengers had witnessed the fray.As soon as it was evident that theHon could neither bite nor roar anymore every passenger jumped from thecoach and surrounded the little man.Every man grasped his band and everywoman kissed him. He looked verymuch disconcerted, as though he weregetting credit for whipping a rebelliousterrier."You don't understand," be said."Understand what?" some one asked."Why, this is in the line of my business." "You bet!" shouted one of the party."You don't know who I am. I'm thechampion featherweight of the world.and I'm going to Frisco to give SandyBlake a chance to get it away fromme."Climbiag to the driver's seat, he tookthe reins and, leaving the vanquishedman lying in' the road, drove on as iftie had been as used to the ribbons asto the gloves. What became of thedriver none of tht passengers everknew or carfl.POWERTo go anywhere.RELIABILITYNone ever wore out.ECONOMYEasy on tires and fuel.. APPROVED-By 25,000! owners.Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster ModellOOO; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.aajj 4. -.- x. j.. j 'nil i r tr&lnndine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old.ruptured and 1 suiter mucn irom Money anaBladder Trouble. I nave oniy a xew aoses ieisof the samcle box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly. 'Yours truly. Thomas i ayior. Adams, in.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Yarden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden i Son.DruggistCHARLES W. HECK,SUCCESSORS TOH0LLIBAY & SETTLEGarriaoe andTwentyV-Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you now you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber M'fYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.30Touring Car $1r. O. B. DetroitCor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Have Stood The Test.Tfettietoh Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tanRussia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. IVTWiH.ams,No moretickets given on raffle until further noticeRepair shodInvites the Public Patronage.- five years experience in the business.Incorporated9OQO&r.-Iat. Paris. Ko;.J!q Combany,PARIS, KY.:rill1!'iHome Phone 12; E. T. 530-f Kir" - .- - -tWK'.. "-t'-ii- --"' i - '- --- zfrj.-vi4-THE BOtlRBON, foEWS, PAWS, KENTUCKY, JUNE .13, 1911..FREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVE 1 0 Q T Q D D UCURED HIS CONSTIPATION U H 1 H DDfl !When a person has become discouraged through years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesno tryincr, it is small wonder that hebecomes skeptical. And yet, to allwho have constipation, we would say,"Try just one thing more."We wish you would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You. can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name and address to Dr. Caldwell for, a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, m andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un-ionville, Mo., Mr. GeorgeW. Zimmer-Curd by the Marvel of theman of Harrisburg, Pa., and many iothers of both sexes and in all parts of Century, B. B. B. Tested forthe country first used a sample bottle p-"wand now have it regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away withsalts, waters and cathartics for thesearc but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles sothat they will do their work againnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.30 Years-Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured wifch pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causest i. r- ..1 urocc fir W Moss oi appelate, aim reaunes iu C11For the free sample address Dr. W. , a-hht id:onr and insanitv. ItB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.FOR SALE.National Cash Register, latestpatern. Will epII chpap for cash.Call phone 728 E. T., or address undersigned. FRENCH THOMPSON.3t Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.cur room house, large barn andother outhouses, together with about pure blood directfive acres of ground in the city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS,24 tf or GEO. RASSENF033needs attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tinerline: flood of warm, rich,to the paralyzed"HER FIRSTLOVE MESSAGEBy MOLLIE K. WETHERELLCopyrlght by American Press Association. 1911.rmmmmam mmmmmmmwmmmmmmmDaiawin raaang o.,nerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth and! strength just where it is needed, and! mteis way making: a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.I Samples feent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, ua. uescriDeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.JJ"The Model PackingTlant,Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all i first-class grocersand dealers.BaldwinPacking Oo.Paris, Kentucky.IWHAT CURES ECZEMA?W hav had so many Inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherkin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful Investigation we hav found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. "We would not make triisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Preicription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.The -Brown Pivot-Beam lBiding Cultivator.m m m'rFool Treadles attached to the Beams which connect with the sleeve arch infront, so that the forward pressure of the foot shafts the beams in their lateralmovement.When the beams are yoked togrther with our unique Adjustable Spreader, theforward motion of the operator's foot movei the beams in a like direction, andwhen used independently, a small coil spring on each beam is brought into action,so when pressiug forward with the foot, the beams move away from the plant andwithout any effort on the part of the operator the spring brings them back to therow.With this construction, any desired penetration is secured through Brown'sPatent Hitch in connection with levers ; and iu addition, the operator has the advantage of pressing directly on the beam with the foot, thus enabling him to peifectly regulate the depth of plowing regardless of the irregularity of the soil.The power or leverage through the agency of these foot treadles is practicallydouble that of any other device and the action on the beams is not only powerfulbut the beams respond quickly to the pressure of the foot.Distance between beams can be changed quickly withcut operator leaving theseat. Movable axles so that wheels can be adjusted to track any desired distanceapart.This cultivator is easily adjusted to balance with any weight of operator. Atest will prove it tli2 best.Yerkeis & Kenney,Paris,5 KentuckyJohnny Cosgrove was a statfon agenton the G. T. and W. railway. Johnnyhad been at school with Mabel Town,and they were very great friends.Mabel lived about a mile from thestation, not far from fhe track, andJohnny, in order that he might chatwith her during the lonely eveningswhen he -was obliged to stay at thestation -with but little to do. rigged aprivate wire from the telegraph lineextending along the railroad to Mabel'shouse, introducing it in at her window. Then he put In the rest of theapparatus, and the two youngsterscould chatter through the keys likemagpies.The principal time for these conversations was after Mabel had gone toher room and ostensibly to bed. butreally to dint with .lohnuy. Iler roomwas in an extension whore the clickingof the key wasvnot ilUely to disturbany one else in the house, though noone objected to their dialogues, because Mabel was supposed to be fittingherself for a telegraph operator.One evening Johnny had been talking with Mabel as usual. It was astormy night, and. being all alone in hisoffice and consequently very lonely, bekept her at the instrument late.Mabel had been in bed perhaps anhour when she heard in her sleep thecall that Johnny and she used to attract each other's attention. Sometime was required for her to wake up,and when she did she heard the machine clicking. Sbe began to read inthe middle of n sentence:"He's gone around to the other door.I've locked it, but he can smash awindow easily. There! He's gettingin and coming for me."There was a brief lull, during whichMabel, who by this time was wideawake, waited, fearing that she wouldhear'no more. It was evident that arobber had broken into the station. Itoccurred to her that the first thinghe would do would be to order Johnnyaway from the instrument that hemight not be able to give the alarm.She was therefore surprised when theclicking began again."He has ordered me to keep on working the key, covering me with his revolver. He says the minute I stopworking it he will put a hole in myhead. I see lite object, ne knowsthere is no station near enough for meto send word and get assistance before he has finished what he has todo, and while using the key my righthand is employed so that I can't attack or shoot him. I can hear him going toward the safe, which he can dowithout risk so long as .he bears theclicking of my key."There followed a few seconds ofsilence, during which Mabel held herbreath, and when the sounds recommenced they did not mean anything.Doubtless the robber had turned andordered Johnny to keep on. Mabel ranto her brother's room, awakened himand told him what was going on atthe station. Henry Town got out ofbed. dressed himself as quickly as possible, put a revolver in his pocket anda rifle on his shoulder aud started forthe station. Meanwhile Mabel wenttfack to the telegraph instrument, n"dwhen the clicking ceased for a fewmoments began to tell Johnny whatshe had done and that her brother wascoming. It required some time for herto get the message through, for everytime Johnny stopped the robber, whowas working at the safe lock, turnedand ordered him to proceed. ButJohnny managed to hear a few words,such as "coming" and "courage," andknew that ho was tc be relieved. Biltwhether the man would succeed inopening the safe before some one cameto stop him was a question. He wasevidently a skillful cracksman, the safewas a very ordinary one, and he actedas if he counted on getting it openedbefore assistance could arrive. Hedrilled a hole in the lock and began towork the tumblers.He had not been engaged more thantwenty minutes when Johnny, facingthe window as he did, saw a figuredimly looming up in the darknesswithout He was so agitated that heceased to work the key. The robberturned and sent a bullet close to hisear. At first Johnny thought the shothad been fired at the figure without,but an order to "go on" convincedhim of his mistake.The burglar again turned his backand recommenced his work. Thenthere were sounds of dropping tumblers, and Johnny heard the safe doorpulled open. At the same momentthere was a "crack" at the window.leaving a small hole. Somethingdropped behind Johnny, and. turning,he saw the robber lying on the floor,blood oozing from a hole in his head.Springing to the window, he unlocked it, and Henry Town steppedinto the room.The first thing, Johnny did was toclick the news to Mabel, and the reply was the first message embodyinglove that passed between them. 'It happened that Johnny had considerable cash In the safe, which be' intended to send In the next morning.This the robber doubtless knew. Thefact of so much money being savedthrough Mabel disposed the companyto liberality, and they sent her ahandsome check. A year later, whenshe and Johnny were married, theysent another for a wedding; .present'At the same time they promotedJohnny to one of the largest stationsBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, -with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.- If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pain3, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Sample3sent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden. & Son.BANK STOCKIf you wish to sell your bankprivately or publicly, place itAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY.14 men 3m E. T. pfeMOVER M VIEXPERIENCEIMIAl,IjJJJTTJETradc MAftftSDemons tCorritiHTS AcAnyone sending a aketcli and deMriptkm mmnnlcUtv ascertain our opinion fire wmCImt miinvention is prooaDiy paieauuM hmtlons strictly confidential. HANBMMoaRsent tree Oldest agency for aecartngPatents taken through Mann Jk Co. NNtTrptcial notice without charge, iutbScientific America.A handsomely lllnstrated weekly,cnlation of any scientlflc journal,rear: four months. SL Soul oralMUNN & Go.ib. New TsfkBrand! Qce. G25 F St- Wasalactoa, D.CTenM,fsaHot and Cold "BATHSHot and cold bathsEverything: neat andbarbers always ready to wait oa tktrade. No long waits You ara aaxt.M. A. KAHAL.'One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confident jof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.tONEDROP73down the throat of a "capeychicken destroys the woraazxi'l saves hz chick's life. Af evr drops la the drinking waterCURES andPREVZKTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chiclediseases.One 80? Botilo oin:zr3m ?r.?ilitv CureI;k-.sl"2 G.i22orx.,s of fSeciclnc.,. - - -- - -..cr .-.onll tcop a bottle o. rii -. -?. ir irc booklet oa. uJtjeo.1. t. :."?!.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.c9aug "Meet us Face to Face!and we will show you the nobbiest line of $15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful) . We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawet von Gal, best $3 hat. in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.9 Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.Twin Bros.L.WOLLSTHNClothing and Shoe Department.ViReadaTwin Bros.H Big Advertisement AnnouncingBig daleCommencing June 10.ffclTWIN BROS.,mm vaMi two Big Mores in uneCor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky- 2C2m - mtwmon tne road, tlvlmr mm a cocurate salary. - -tTorwvggr:-ic-'- TKT-2 -J -..r-A aS -la7ci-:--jtthe- bourbon: JimZ smusi rxEixKamwf t--pu:o'c - J-.Z. -v-w."" h""MMWWaBMWWWiMMWBiMMiMMMMMMMiiiMMMMMMMBBMMMMWWMi"- a. j .r- - -7, -. t v v. , . i1 ,.. v. r "- ' r : zr? - s- .- - rA, JIKt'MILLEISfiURG ITEMS.Mr. Earle Peterson returned Friday;irom a btsincss trip to Bo-ee.Mr. W. Vs Shaw was the guest offriMtde at Cleveland, O., from FridayiMtil Monday.Mr. aad Mrs. W. F. Sanders entcrtaiaad a nmber of their friends w itb,a six o'clock dinner Thursday.Mr. Arthur Thomason and familyarrived Sunday as guests of hisparents. Squire and Mrs. E. P.Thomason.The mad dog which passed throughtow Thursday morning was shot andbilled later in the day by Mr. Thcr.Jones on his farm on Brussy Fort-.Tke. cemetery is not in goodTcondition and it is certainly a beautifulplace. There is but one thing that ismarring this beauty in places and that-is some of the stones need straightening and cleaning. The holders of theseIots"should look Into the matter. It isthe earnest deisre of the cemeterycompany that this be attended to atonce. 'Mr. B. F. Ball, of Dallas. Texas, isthe guest of his sister, Mrs. E. P.Clarke.Mr. George Vimnnt, of Lexington,is tne guest of his niece, Mrs. D. E.Clarke.Mrs. Chas. Martin left Saturday fcra visit to her father. Rev. Oney, atLexington.Miss Carrie Duncan, of Lexington,arrived Saturday as the guest of MissFrances Burroughs.Miss Helen Clarke left Monday for' a visit to her aunt, Mrs. Kate Willi3ms, at Irvine.I Miss Bessie T. Purnell, who hasbeen teaching in the graded schools atParis, is at home for the summer.June Clearance Sale began Monday,June 12, and will continue through- tt - T . j . s - j- r -; r irri . - - - -v -s- -s v - ."VST HOIs the One That Don't Like to SaveMoney When They BuyWearing Apparel?If you are one of those, try us once and if we can'tsave you from 25 to 30 per cent, on the dollar wedon't want you to buy anything.We carry a full line of Men's, Boy's andChildren's Clothing, Ladies' and Children's Dresses,Shoes and Oxfords for the whole damGIVE US A TRIAL.THE STAR CLOT!J. ELVOVE, Prop.- 7 TT. -. -Saturday. June 24. Eterything in theway of furniture is greatly reduced.Gall on us before our stock has beenpicked over. These goods will be solafor cash only.JOE MOCK.-Mr. and Mrs. Schnelle, of Maysville,were guests Sunday and Monday ofher sister, Mrs. Merrimee.Miss Nannie Brown, of MortjiMiddletown, arrived Sunday, as theguest of her aunt, Mrs. Henry Bowling.Miss Julia Carpenter left Saturdayfor the bedside of her sister, Mrs.Irvin Swinford, who is quite sick atCarlisle.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Alverson, ofFrankfort, were guests of her father.Mr. J. G. Allen, from Saturday untilMonday.Miss 'Willia McNamara "returnedSunday after a two weeks' visit to heraunt, Mrs. William Bowling, at NorthMidaletown.Miss Lucille Corrington, of HotSprings, Ark., is the guest of heruncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. C. W.Corrington.Miss Frances Burroughs entertainedSaturday evening from 8 to 12 in honorof her guest, Miss Carrie Duncan, ofLexington. A delightful menu wasserved during the evening.Mr. A. J. Lamb and family, whohave been the guests of her mother,Mrs. Ada Miller, left Monday for theirhome at Birmingham, Ala.Mrs. Elizabeth Cox, of Elizabeth,and Mr. W. W. Huffman, of Berry,were guesis Saturday and Sunday ofDr. and Mrs. W. V. Huffman.Mrs. F. W. Troy will chaperone aparty of sixteen young people on ahay ride to Blue Lick Springs today,leaving at eight o'clock this morningand will return by moonlight.Miss Ruth McClintocl: entertainedher Sunday School class o eight littletrirlc Snturdav afternoon from 3 toIirs.-.Diamitt and Mrs. Troy.tika thirep port unity of thanking those whocontributed. Tbey found everythingin gocd condition. Squire E. P.Thomason was present and took thecommittee over the grounds.Miss Sarah Alcorn, of this pl-cr,and Mr. V. E. Price, of Demosville,were united in marriage Friday atCarlise, the Rev. C. L. Bowen, of theMethodist church in that city, officiating. The couple drove to CarlisleFriday morning without imnartinur theobject of their visit to their friends,and the marriage had been kept asecret from that time, but the storyleaked out yesterday morning. Theceremony took place at the residenceof Mrs. John Allen and was witnessedby Mrs. Allen and Mr. R. M. Collier.Mr. Price has been visiting here forseveral days and it was known thecouple had been engaged for sometime but the marriage at this datewas not expected. The bride only recently resigned her position with theHome Telephone Company here to accept a position us night operator withthe East Tennessee ComDanv and atnoon yesterday gave up that position.Mr. Price is a telegraph operator inthe employ of the L. & N. railroad atDemosville, where they will maketheir future home.NORTH MIDDLETOWlflTEMS.JO onthe lawn. Ping pong andramuy.i ivucijiPARIS, KY.WWWL$0&klim&i&&l&awwwBWU-M...uni.i.Aj; wn i.nT. t...1.!:,;. JK.-Laaafc3iBHaBBiawEJcar wry ',r iwj.ujj.;zs-ju-j.other out doer games were enjoyed.Amnns those from here who attended' the dedication of the Methodist church'?t Paris Monday were: Dr. J. 0. A'.Vauoht. President C. C. Fisher, Mrs., Maragret Powell. Mr. H. D. Shy, MikAlma DukeJcnes. Uol. anu.mrs. u., M. Best.1 Mr. and Mrs. P L. Dimmitfand1 Elder and Mrs. P. W. Troy made thenannual visit to the county infirmary! Friday. A number of donations were.made to the inmates which werethankfully received and fcr which33Ssei3EJKa3ya!YoeaasMi ggasajesaa mm r .if &frynrqnaoiGet More For'iYourMoney! . -Receive More Liberal Treatment, will be Better Satisfiedwith what you Purchase Here than Elsewhere.We make it a rule to sell Footwear that haveduality, Style and MeritGoods that you can take an honest pride in possessing and that give good wearand are splendid bargain values.Special Value Bargains For This Week:Special $1.99:.v,siLadies Peek-a-Boo Pumps in Gun Metal,Patent Colt and Velvet. They are ingreat demand now, and are splendid values at the price. Worth $2.50a. mSpecial $1.49Men's Olive Elk Outing Shoes, Elk soleand heels. Worth $2.Men's 2.50 and 3.00Metal and Patent Colt.Oxfords in Gun;TUii is a dainty strapless, high grader "Pump, made on special lasts, thus assuring" a smooth, graceful fit. We have them in-Satin, Gun Metal and Patent Kid. Theymust be seen to be appreciated. Worth $4L-. "V-Special $2.99Special $1.99Boy's Elk Outing Shoes, the ideal SummerShoe for young men.Special $ 1 .24We are now showing a fine assortment of Ladies' White High ButtonShoes, Smart Pumps, with or withoutstraps.WE SAVE YOU MONEYWalk-Over Oxfords willwalk easy for you.sole agentsmake life'sWe are.DAN COHENJj& -Main Street,Paris, KentuckynTiZ Mayaville Bulletin: "Prof Henry M. Pyles, of Powhatan College,Chariest, W. Va., is spending thesummer at the home of his parents,Mr.- and Mrs. H. M. Pyles, of thecounty. Enroute home Prof. Pylesvisited friends and relatives in Maryland, West Virginia and Washington,D. C." Prof. Pyles holds the chair ofMathematics- in thu famous collegefor women, locted in the noted Sheranduah" Valley of the Virginias. ThisCollege offers courses- lording to theB. S., A. B. and A. M. csrees. Prof.Pyles was recently a tea'' -r in K. C.and B. College, North Tiddetown,and his many friends v : 1 bo gladto learn of his promotion cnJ successin the profession.Money to Loan.Wo have completed arrangementswhereby we can ban ycu all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging frcm $2,000 up, at the lmvrate of 55 per cent with long time andea-'y pajmsnts. We write the bust,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at o. per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.O. K. COLLIER. Agent,14a3in Hurst Home Insurance Co.Our Line of Sterling Sil-Vver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.! REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silver Ionsi iA7A ran rrivvxh irswi otnxrf riinrr Wuiiu Tfv Vttuj. givv jrvru uaajt tiiiiigfrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.TL U r IZma a nc nuusc or vtuauiy. aH Both Phones. MXlMHHiSflHHMSfllHHiKIIHiiififiiPifiifi?1I offer for sale, privately, my farmof 235 acres, lucated on the Paris andGeorgetown turnpike, about eightmiles from Paris and nine miles fromGeorgetown. This farm is all in grass.Well located in good neighborhood.For further information apply toMRS. MARY IRELAND DAVIS,9 tf Paris, Ky.-V-.v.SpecialSaleOFrw r j WPlfiilPOi riOOa 3f2amIrBBi5iv&-4rII BJIfiJIlwa flja Ia4Ak'ziZ YS H -r?:.Hi9. 95For one week ve will shov at greatly reducedprices the latest patterns and decorations of Havi-land and otker French manufacturers, with orwithout initial or monogram. To those interestedin a handsome dinner or tea set, ve would advisethem "To take a look."FORD & CO.See Window Display.-ifkiiit1!you FTJay Shop UJerc- t .f$(0)Of course you may.But just the same it sometimesmakes a big difference to youwhere you go.We study to supply your exactwants at every point in the . vFurniture line.To that end we are all the timethinking and working.We desire to get in touch withmore people who appreciate thebest there is in home beautifiersand home comforts.We ask you to get interestedenough to look.That's our only requestjust now. -' "i&The New Better Value StoreE. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" Buildinir --, ff"'. Ji8?-vt--J--7T2-Ix"1-r3i'L- nj -a n. 7 i J-r 4. ?:vvi- 1klil- 1r &T.-: 16 - i. r?rv. j& X.-t, JT-r- i1-' ..,1IPOAT. THEvBIG- ELECTRIC SIGNT-.-'r- T "T -1. vrv y --T- -r -- - " - ;-- f- - l -mmmwwz& "--,Jjte...- HrfAM-' -E:.