wTHENEWS.MPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FSIDAY IN THE YEAB.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1911.NUMBER 34BOURBON- i . a,I.- ?Snsure with V. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tt-B B BkC 'm.m.' ammatmmmmm J'jr. flHlHCfewn ii 1 1 in mb an aa -wh"? Garrett Winner in Commissioner1Attractive Cinei 7OF! 9ANDLilsluAin-suafl...V V V V VI!. jGenuineSiraushurg,Red Bermuda, ! !Southern Queen. J JOrder Quick, as They Will fINot Last Lonsr.V wzA A $6 U M ftWSS 3ivgKU mm m." .-.2tvi5vk'.K''v!jvrr.!IParasolsS&efland UeifeAll ColorsL H CADEN,210 W. Main,Lexington, KentuckyUQ.V'jV.-V.':.OHEBR UP!W"WWWN'T WORRYThe hard times and high prices are over. Buy fromus and you will spend Eess and eat more than you (Bcould a year ago.WWfafafasASftfafafafafafo - .J The Grocery Store of Quality.fafaIS ' Rrrth Phones 234Standard Granulated Sugar, 19 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12White Bacon, per pound 10Country Bacon, per pound 14Sliced English Cured Bacon, per pound 20Sliced Breakfast Bacon, per pound '. 24"Small Hams, per pound ' .12 1-2Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch. 3 boxes 103-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25California Table Peaches, 2 cans 35Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Navy Beans, 3 quarts 25Prunes, per pond 10Fancy Apricots, evaporated, per pound 15Eolled Oats, 2 boxes 15New York Cream Cheese, per pound 20Standard Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 1001b. Sack 2.55Wfar. G. LENII-IAiSI, Prop.fatwwfafafWBXrfc& Th 66Gg-a6t Sprvirp." of. - - -rf m - m -.- w - - -f Jt"Jeyhjrt,J Suit-"iT.iH'WEighty-five per cent, of the style of a garment is contributed by the tailoring fifteenper cent, comes from the designing.FACT!1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.i Linen canvas stays, coldwater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.G All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttoas shanked and ;!vsewed on by hand "forkeeps."S Edging silk st titched byhand,i) Every tailor a ' benchbred7 ' custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines.noskimping or schamping.5w-rfiTOMTO.A4C..r.iufA-M"When you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the "air" and the wear that come from thefinest materials procurably right through and time-takinghand tailoring all through $18 to $32 50,mmWPrice & Co.,Clothiers.sRace.Amid scenes of wildest excitementHon. H. Green Garrett, of Winchester, received the Republican nomination for Railroad Commisioner of theThird District in the convention whichcame to a close yesterday afternoon at4 o'clock.J Tne first ballot "was taken at noonyesterday and after eleven had beenvutcd the one having the least numberof votes was dropped until the lightnarrowed between Garrett, Littlejohnand Morris.On the fifteenth ballot Garrett received 477 votes it wenty more than W2Snecessary to elect, while Liittlejohn onthe final ballot received 436.It wad evident that Littlejohn had,the advantage and to turn the tide toward Garrett the delegations fromClay, Laurel and Leslie, changed theirvote that had been cast for Morris, tothe Garrett column.After the eleventh ballot W. L.firmvn, of London, was dropped fromthe race and Holmes and Silsr werenext to follow.John Craifj. of Covington, was eliminate ci from the race after the fourteenth hallot had been taken, and theCampbell and Kenton delegations casttheir strength for Littlejohn on thefinal br.llot.WEDNESDAY.With the seating capaci y of thecourt heue inadequate to accomrncdatethe delegates assembled here to attendthe 'ihird District Railioad Conventionand the large number of spectator ,the b:dy adjourned to the opera houtewhere the convention was resumed.District Chairman Robert H. Winn,of lilt. Sterling, called the conventionto order Wednesday afternoon at 1.30o'clock and the announcement wasmade that owing to the limited seaiirgcapacity of the county courl room thevarious candidates would hold a sessionand determine upon a place where theconvention could ba held with convenience to the delegates and spectators..After a short session the candidatesand local committee detcimicsd uponthe cpera house as iho mnst suitablebuilding in the city in which to continue the convention.Caleb Powers, on entering the convention nail received quite un ovation.He addressed the audience brietly during the intei mission in which anotherplace for holding the convention wasunder consideration. Chairman Winnannounced the change in place and theconvention adjourned until 3:30 tomeet in the opera house.When the convention reassembled at3:30 Rev. Dr. )i. M. Shive invoked thedivine blessing upon the assemblage,when Alvin S. Bennett, who was thechoice by agreement of the candidateswas made secretary.Nominations for temporary chairman were next in erder and Robt.Buckler, of Beyd county, placed innomination. Judge Howard McCartney, of Fleming county, which wasseconded by Roy Wilhoit, of Boyd. A.C. Wallace, of Richmond, placed innomination Judge L. W. Betherum, ofRockcastle county.The roll call of the counties and thenumber of votes caat by each delegation gave McCartney a majority ofseventy votes over his opponent. A.S. Bennett wa3 placed in nominationfor secretary of the temporary organization, but owing to the fact of his notbeing a resident of ..the district, couldnot accept the nomination.James Wilson, of Cynthiana, R. C.McClure, of Lawrence county, andDenver B. Cornett, of Harlan county,were placed in nomination, but at therequest ot tne lormer ms rame waswithdrawn. The fight Jf or ? the secretaryship having centered oetween McClure and Cornett, the vote was takenwith McClure leading by a large vote.Before the count was made a motionwas made to make the election of McClure unanimous while Cornett wasnamed as assistant.Following up the advantage gainedover the Bradley men in securing thetemporary organization, the anti-Bradleymen through Wm. Cochran, ofMason county, offered a motion to reduce tne numner or committee members to seven each on the Committeeon Credentials, Committees on Rulesand Order, Resolutions and PermanentOrganization.In an instant Congressman Langleywas on the lloor protesting vigorouslyagainst the controverting of the partyrule. This was followed by the wildestscene when Chairman McCartney setaside the rule, after the motion hadbeen duly heard and seconded. A. H.Paton, of Jackson, surrounded by theBreathitt county delegation attemptedto get the attention of the Chairman,but hisses and cut calls prevented himfrom being heard. The uproar continued for severHl minutes when quietwas restored, and Paeon hurling defiance at these who so bitterly opposedhim declared that such tactics wouldbring ruin and destruction to the Republican party.To prtserve harmony on the floor ofthe convention the motion ofFered byCochran was withdrawn and the election of the committees proceeded andthey were announced at 6 o'clock whenthe convention adjourned until 8:30.When the convention assembled fcrthe night session the comittees gotdown to work and the call for the report of the committee on Credentialsnot meeting with response, Secretaryof State Ben L. Bruner, and Judge E.C. O'Rear spoke to the delegates anuspectators. During the couise of hisspeech Dr. Bruner, who has been mentioned as a probable candidate for theRepublican nomination for Governordeclared that he was not a candidatefor any office.A committee was appointed to waiton the Committee on Credentials todetermine if any .agreement had beenreached, and a report to the negative(Continued on Page 8)"We Know Mow."fir-i mBoys' Nobby Spring Suits.Our clothes for boys and childrenarc made with the same care that ourmen's clothing are. When you buy asuit at this store it is guaranteed tobe all wool and will positively hold itscolor. No pulling olZ of buttons andripping in the seams Cassimeres,Cheviots and Scotches in the newBrowns, Tans, Greys, Stripes, Plaidsand Mixtures. Regulation doublebreasted ccats and Norfolk styleswith Knickerbocker trousers.We have suits with two pair ofKnickerbockers and thij pair of extratrousers gives the boy practically twosuits ir. one.Let your boy's suit come fromMitchell & Blakemore's, and both youand the boy will be highly pleasedwith it.$.mMitchell &Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.zq, Outfiifccrs-to-IVlen. . ' J. I, - . ... .1, ., .. . jm9fKJWI&iKxEi WK lfi WT. IV7.i833m&m VV5Lauumiii!mi;.Limniinmm!i!iminnm fee iFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.&$14.95suns$14.95rSil&iAnother lot of just thirty-seven suits sent us by a largemanufacturer at big price reductions. For suits that arereal bargains this last lot beats anything we've everoffered to the buyers of ladies' ready-to-wear suits.$25 to $20 SuiteSpecial at$14-95$1 ft2Suits $17.95r aM iJust twelve of the very choicest suits. Colors fine. Workmanship and styles can't be surpassed ai any price.3J5 to &27.50 buits f?fclSpecial at .2)3&&xtre ' Special10 beautifully trimmed Pongee Coats worth regularly $20.00Special at $14-52.95 - Ladies9 Fine Slippers - $2.95Satin, Velvet, Suede, Gun Metal and Patent Leather in Pumps, 1and 2 strap Slippers, our price for high grades, only $2.95.Come in and take a look Will show you values that will please.3? izFrank & Co.5!rBi?tt3imuitwm!UttBiS:MiiiMitraiHa At'Tlfa'333illillillfiililK0G&VT " rr wim nv tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 5, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Each of the chief organs of the body is alink ia the Cbaim ofLife. A chain, is nostronger than itsweakest link, the bodyno stronger than itsmmSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erweakest organ. If there is weakness of stomach, liver or lungs, there is aweak link in the chain of life which may snap at any time. Often this so-called"weakness" is caused by lack of nutrition, the result of weakness or diseaseof the stomach and other organs of digestion and nutrition. Diseases andweaknesses of the stomach and its allied organs are cured by the use of Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. When the weak or diseased stomach iscured, diseases of other organs which seem remote from the stomach but whichEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 188 J ) Years of Continuous Publicationhave their origin in a diseased condition of the stomach andother organs of digestion and nutrition, are cured also.The strong man has a strong stomach.Take the above recommended "Discovcry" and you may have a strong stomach and a strong body.Given Away. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser,new revised Edition, is sent free on receipt of stamps to payexpense of mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for thebook in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound vol.ume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.' 5T!w:VfThey never need repairs, never need any attention in fact except anoccasional coat of paint. They're Fireproof Stormproof and suitablefor all kinds of buildings. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.tT7 rzf ."().t rIIW L tJLLiL yjiI 20wEajilHEKIKEEBEBC!!3Z2laiiaAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SH6NGLES, POSTS,SASHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD ANDSOFT COAL,AGENTS FORAinatiteOUR estimate: man gis always on hand and makes his v5PUL-TBLiiEIRS & PRODUCTSas low as they can be figured. The cost of your bill depends largely won the size of the multiplicand. fffBRING IN YOUR MULTIPLICANDS gor dimensions and we will figure the cost as low as we can. LgTEMPLSN LUMiaEK CO. E?fS&SSSSSSSSKSSSSS1SS2kieS"y,,"-' HJ.A--a T -t-j -' - '- ' ' ' " -JPSmWONE YEAR,&.00 SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00akd SSJFg&EORITYIn Workmanship aro DisplayedIn Our Work.An individuality diitfhi'juifli.-i our JlonuincnLi from all ofTicx, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractivo Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Ccntr;:! Kentuckv combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic tods Cur Cpec!a!V.NONE BETTER. KOME CKSAPiIr?With Jldams & Son,1 42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in the GardenAddarns! Addarns! So Say We All, Gentlemen!From the Shelby Sentinel.Is there a Democrat but believes that if Senator McCreary getsthe Cjubernatonal nomination, the chances of his party's success Iwill be in doubt? Is it not the part of wisdom, therefore, for himto turn to someone who can bring the people to -victory? William JAddarns, of Harrison county, is such a candidate. Place your ban-'ner in his hands and he will give you the hope and enthnsiam that !must land us all winners. A few weeks since we were :eft floun- jdering, feeling that there were none to make an active fight to 'oppose Senator McCreary for the nomination, but since the manly jsiana ana ciean-cut statements oi Mr. Addarns, our doubts are atlast thrown aside and hope has taken the place of our doubts in ourparty success.There be times when our darkest periods are just before the .dawn, and Democracy in Kentucky appears to have passed through iithem. From now on every man should 'feel, with such a man as IAddarns to lead, that success must surelv come. IMr. Addarns has a number of relatives and friends in "Old,1Shelby," and, though this county is in Mr. McCreary's district yet!it can be turned to the Harrison county man who can land theparty triumphant in November.Let us stop our party bickerings. Addarns is a man we canunite upon, and let us all, therefore, get together and be forAddarns.Let uie party slogan be "Party success' and Mr. Addarns will 'be selected. He is the man of the hour, the man you want, theJ man you need, the man you must have. 'Addarns! Addarns! So say we all! Addarns! adv ItGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.JBOTH'PHOJTES-DATIST; NIGHT 299.mmBna''i'xzm'iBmBBzaaiaiiBammmmmmmmmmmm4msmmamnBamSjQSSerrS:55S2i5Z2sJS22SE$)Were you dissatisfied with yourlast Coal.IryP Best the earth producesTand every lump guaranteed.I Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.ZsZisi'SZs:mtiMJSWRosie RussellWins No. 1363Have Stood The Test.The Value o? Ideals.'&&&r5?Ji liiSRwr ..A cwv..9'j i Jr 'A Si 5n dSZi i4i 4igm! -4-. UN-K 2xmw& ..a,4BK2&.4&vS3S&istt?j??-"'is a real pleasure if you : avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of tho best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.h23T?3LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KZezn-tmokL-y-A P4t,.' TAwould have fallen on anvone who at- 1 153i AfCitfU t rAtacked the son of Peter Bond v.ofSouthRockwood, M.ich. .but he waspowerlessbefore attacks of kidney trouble.' 'Doctors could not help him, "he wrote, "soatlastwegavehim Electric Bitters andlie improved wonderfully from takingsix bottles. Its the best kidnev medi-What we make of ourselves dependsupon the ideals which we habituallyhold. 'Our lives are shaped upon ourmental models. If these be high, thelife is lofty ; if low it grovels. Manis no better than his ideals. Thestream can not rise higher than itssource. Our .vork can never overtopour ideal, our ambition. It is a great cine I ever saw.'' Backache. tired feelthing to keep the constant suggestion ing, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite,of high ideals, of things that; are warn of kidney trouble that may endgrand and noble in human achieve- in dropsy.diabetes or Bright's disease.jiiL'iu, in uit: iiiiuu. li imius lu umKt: Dtnvuit;. xiinuiiuutriu isittrs ailCl oe lus love the right and hate the wrong, safe, livery bottle guaranteed. 50c atThere is one thing we ought to held t Oberdorfer's.in such s?credness that no considera- ' .tion could induce us to dilute it, andthat is the quality of the life, thequality cf our ideals. Whatever else I A dispatch from Frankfort says : "A iwe are careless about, we cannot ' runaway cow, pursued by a countryafford to carry through life low ideals, man, dashed into the dry goods andsecond class personalities or demoral- ladies' furnishing house of C. Kagin &ilzed mentalities. However humble i rJro. here yesterday afternoon, throwour our homes or ordinary our environ-' ing the women shoppers into a panic,ment, we should keep the quality of i She dashed madly down the main aislethe life, the personality, at the high- ofthe storeroom until she came upon a B3est possiDie stanuaru. we snouid ai- large piate mirror, mere sne halted,low nothing to deteriorate it. 'calily surveyed herself in the glass, jW!ret most people are careless and in- as shoppers and clerks scurried to other y$dilferent regarding the quality oi" their parts of the store and hid behind coun- ft?ifettieton S)tprmgiSiuAesWanted to See the Styles,For thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtainIn style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in oatent lather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glaz- wed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. (VTWiltams,The Shoe Man.. . . . .... .2 -2t'2t -;-V .r.r "-T''S...r.rI Bourbon LaundrywftasasitnDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice,ImbhIA ? riicular Service ForParticular Feople.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris,lKeniucky.tlives. Thete is a slinshodness in theirliving, a sloveilness in their mentality,which tend to deteriorate the qualityof the life and make it cheap and com-'monplace. iWhatever your career, guard yourideal as the apple of your eye, the jnearl of great price ; for everythingdepends upon the ditecticn in which 'that points. If it points downward, 'no amount of money or influence canrfdeem you from mediocrity, or evensave you from a degraded lite. Manis so made that he must follow hisideal. He cannot go up if his ideal 'points down. Orison Swett Marden in '"Success Magazine." iters. The proprietors were at a losswhat to do, when the cow quietly turned and left the store by another aisle.AHer owner took herthe butcher."very promptly toBalksd at Cold Steel."I wouldn't let a doctor cut mv footoff," said H. D. Ely, Bantam, Ohio,"although a horrible ulcer had beenthe plague of my life for four yearsInstead I useduucklen's Arnica'Salveand my foot was soon completely cured." Heals burns, boils, sores, bruises,eczema, pimples, corns. Surest pilecure. 2oc at Oberdorfer's.. British Property at (Sea.' At leat 720.000.000 Worth oJRe- British property s alvam ca the sea.ward for any case of catarrh that!cannot be cmc-d bv Hall's CatarrhEast Tenn. Telephone Co,INCORPOKATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddietown, Littlef Rock andRuddles Mills.Row's This?We offer One Hundred Dollar:"Whenjfyou have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."youif. j. ciieset & co. I mws mm w posterity i ti.,. .. . . . Tolerto, O.j- Health, Strenyth, Vigor, Vitality. j "-, -.v ..v...i;ifalJv,.lt iiu.c A.UUWUI r TflBEaOlOiL-.UjrLEi'afi'iOaO Lm -i naiinr i.. rM itt- Ti -.n.r.-.r, i ryr-r -vj. . , . vnvin iwi uuc iciu j. j ctlia, i Mf- iriumi jmsmmMrK& j3SSASS F1f- m E3rwmrm rsdweffl5,&35East Tennessee TelephoneCoand believe him 1 erf ecu v Honorablein all b.i-:iit'ss transactions, and hnnciall a!. t oarr" out any obligatio' - M.i.Je bv his firm..n-lIXGrKINNA. & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price, 75cper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Daily Thought.Youth Is invariably present in theold ago of a great man. He nevercompletely loses life-'s first elixir.Prof. Harris Blckford.KNOW YOURSELF!A Beacon tlRbt for Eyry 21an. Free brmall, soalod, to thoso enclosing Ten Centtt instamps, for postage, etc. ur:h itd weight ineold to any discouraged, auflwnns man. Thisbook contains vital facta on acute and chronicdiseanea, includiuu 'crvu ana PliyalcalDebility, Exhausted 1 italitr, Atrophy,Varicocele and all ISienAC and liabilities of Mon from whatoTcr cnuao ; how prodnced, how cured; also Blood Poison, its terribleresults ; its conqneror by medical Bcienre in itsln.to.qt and most remarkable victorr. palling thef antra of this awfnlxnalad7&nd makinir itquiciand easily cnrable. rite for It todav.fanraof this awfnlxnalad7and makinir it quiciciyAddress the Dr. IliI.E IKJBTIXirrE,Suite One, Columbia Theater Bld.,Cincinnati,0.Famous for almost a ecoro c2 jocn in CincinnatiM Specialist to Men. 'NCORPOEA.TEPW$Notice! Poultry Raisers1-11-44RrCURESCholera, Gapes, Limbernecli, Roup, Canker.xoxr as good- rhS.t.. 1 linii;2fO CUIIE, 2fO rATMta Kalle Bryant, Bardttown,DO'iltry temedv nude. limrMoVVill Cooraej, Bartktowa, Ky., says:umiiiHKd ana an Diseases or Fomtrv'JL" ? il1 HH ??? AA !- for y" Uaakft the bestwiiuiiuaueu wiinoatiaii.T I c r a .... . .MfO. 4 Curaitee. ky J. tbt Cric EartfsttWi, Ky. Price 50c it all in&sts.SOLO KYG. S. Varden & SoiiiV. - .&THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 5, 1911.VTfl BBH1Cured by the Marvel of theentury, B. B. B. Tested forJO Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, dis-'larges of yellow matter permanenty cured with pure botanical ingred'". nts. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous but" causes ulcerations, death and decayt f bones, kills ambition, often causes;s of appetite, and reaches to gen. ral debility, idiocr and insanity. It...eeds attention at once. Cure it by'aking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)li is a quick, radical, permanentare because it rids the sj'stem of thei.oison germs that cause catarrh. Atho same tim3 Blood Balm (B. B. B.)urifies the blood, does away witht ery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.- nds a tingling flood of warm, rich,i -ire blood direct to the paralyzederves, and parts alfected by catarr-al poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andteis way making a perfect, lasting' are of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per large1 uttle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeour trouble and free medical adviceiven. Sole by Varden & Son.V 1 - .v' JOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If Tou are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Poetic Apprentlct.A grocer's apprentice addicted topoetry has summoned his employer,a rich merchant of Ougitsa, Servia.for unlawful dismissal. The merchant explained that his customersleft because the boy answered allquestions in. rhyme and detained people while he fired meter and verse 'Moreover, he greeted his employerwith a new couplet every day. Thecourt found the merchant justified andadvised the apprentice to mend hisways. Belgrade Cor. Pall Mall Gazette.Woman and the Farm.In defining woman's relation to thelife of the farm, one needs but littlereflection lo become aware of the allpervading quality of that relationship.Just as the monarch of France, whenasked to define the state, exclaimed,"The state; I am the state." So mightthe farmer's wife, when questioned asto the life of the farm, respond, "1 amthe life of the farm."Legal Compliment."Yes, a young Coke handled thecase magnificently. He proved beyondthe possibility of a doubt that the accused man wasn't guilty." "But hewas guilty, of course." ClevelandPlain Dealer.Life's Ileal Pleasures.Make yourselves nests of pleasantthoughts, bright fancies, faithful sayings; treasure houses of precious andrestful thoughts, which care cannotdisturb nor poverty take away fromyou houses built without hands foryour souls to live in. Ruskin.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, May 7, '11.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCEjjTjjTjnFare $1.50 Round Trip.Trade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.iiivonc sondliijj n ?ketrh and description mnyqnfrkly ascertain nur ntunion free whether mil-venUon is pr iliably p'tcntnble. Comnmnlro.ti'uishtrictlj-ont.ttdcntljil. HANDBOOK on Patentseit free. Oldest nueiicy fur eecurm? patents.Patents tawen through .Munn & Co. rcceivatjMCial notice, without, charge, in theScientific AmericanA hnndsomely illustrated weekly. Tercet lrt : it. -i of any (ciunttuc journal. Qctiiis. ?.t ac ir: i nr niLiitlis, L Sold by&!l newsdealers.MUNN &Co.261Broad New YorkBrauch Office. G25 F SL. Washlncton. D. C.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt Embroidervv Materials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.&aai!rtRluB8JCarries Most 'SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesihe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins. President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Emmmmmmmmmmmmmw 2!r n n tf Oilfc "4T jLl&!yjKdown the thr at of a "apey"chicken destroys the wormsend saves t. chick's life. Afew drops in the annkins: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chickdiseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons cf Medicine.Even- poultry raiser should keep a bottle ofv.i .ji.! .., A cV fr -rn hnnfclet on"Diseases of Fowls."Ask cr free booklet onFor Sale by W. T. Brooks.tcflaugrheumatismCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'rJotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send vou a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in , movingaround so 3011 have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; j-hifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich mire blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just wnere it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofmires of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with diiections for home cure.S tniDxD s:m free by writing Blood-3i o . Atlanta, Ga. Describeyar trciUJ'c 'lid free medical advicegir?n. .-old ky Varden & Son.A Box ThatMoved of ItselfBy GROVER J. GRIFFINCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.There's no telling what young people between childhood and man or woman hood will do. There is a case onrecord of a girl of thirteen shoppingwith her mother who disappeared ina throng. The police hunted for herfor a long while without getting anytrace of her. The case was given upas one of those mysterious disappearances that are never solved. But thegirl turned up finally, and what doyou suppose was the cause of her dis- jappearance? She had gone off voluntarily through a whim, or, rather, aromantic desire to try the world onher own account.But a stranger case than this cameunder my observation. I am a freightagent on a railroad, and it happenedin the freight house in which I amemployed. One afternoon I receiveda box about six feet long by two feetbroad and deep. It weighed, I shouldthiuk, about a hundred pounds. Itwas marked: "Glass. Handle WithCare. This Side Up." Near one endwas also written, "If Stood on EndThis End Up."I received the box on the platform,and, since I didn't care to be saddledwith broken property, I laid it carefully on a truck, wheeled it into thefreight house and, being crowded forroom, stood it on end, being particularto put the end up as directed. I noticed, that the top was neither nailednor screwed on, and I wondered howit had been fixed as firmly as it was.But this was merely a passing thought,for I didn't take the interest and hadnot the time to investigate the waylids were fastened, provided they weresecure.I received the box about G in theevening and after disposing of it andother freight locked' up and went hometo supper. Ilaving some statementsto make up in the evening, I returnedto the freight house, lighted up andwent to work in the little space fencedoff for an office. I was figuring whenI heard a cough outside.The idea occurred to me that someone was in the freight house. Thedoor being right beside my office, noone could have entered without myknowing it; consequently some onehad come in surreptitiously. No onewould be likely to do that exceptfor the purpose of robbery. All thispassed through my brain in one-tenththe time it has taken to tell it. Thefirst thing I did was to open a drawerin my desk and take out a revolver.Thus armed, I went out in among thefreight and looked about. I admit Idreaded being shot from a dark corner, but for that matter I could havebeen shot while sitting at my desk. Isaw nothing, heard nothing, and afterwalking about for awhile I made upmy mind I had been mistaken. I started to go back to the office and hadreached the door when I heard a giggle. All idea of fear left me at once.Tossing my revolver on to iny desk, Iturned and went back for anotherhunt. Fassing the box that had beenmarked to be carefully handled I noticed that instead of the top one ofthe sides faced me. I knew very wellthat the box could not have moveditself and suspected that here was thesolution of the matter. Going up to it,I began to pull it about, when the topcame off and out stepped a girl aboutfifteen years old. The most astonishing thing about her was that her facewas on a broad grin."Well, I'll be hanged!" I exclaimed.Her response was a giggle the sameas I had heard shortly before."Who are you?" I asked."A runaway." ."From where?""From home.""What did you run away for?""Oh, it's an elopement.""Rats! You're nothing but a child.Where's the young feller in the case?""Hiding behind the boxes. I let himin at the window while you weregone."I hastily examined the lid of the boxand found it had been held in placeby clamps on the inside that could beeasilj turned. Then I called to theyoung fellow to come out of hiding.I heard him climbing over the boxesfrom the baek part of the house andpresently he came down into the dimlight. He wasn't much older than thegirl."Now, you children tell me all aboutthis escapade at once," I said.The girl made the explanation. Shetold me that she loved "Willie," as shecalled him, and that she knew her parents would not consent to a marriagesince they were so young, so theythought that they would elope. Williehad proposed the plan they had adopted. He had made the box, put her init and shipped her as freight to mystation, where he proposed to join her."And now," she added, "won't youjust go like a dear, good man for aclergyman? We love each other andwould like to be married at once. Consider my reputation.""You little chit!" I replied, astoundedat her impudence. "Do you supposeI'm going to aid in the marriage oftwo children just out of the nursery.You come into my office and stay theretill I telegraph your parents."The girl, who had taken the leadfrom the first, begged hard to induceme to let them go their way, but I wasobdurate.I locked them in the office and wentout to send a telegram. When I returned they had got out, but how Idon't know. I never heard of themafterward. .A Joke on the Artists.-Some years ago there was a colony ofartists painting in a Maine villagesome twenty miles from Prout's Neck.All were enthusiastic admirers ofWinslow Homer, and all, having had ago at the painting of rocks and sea andrealizing how difficult was the task,bethought them of Homer, only twentymiles away. How refreshing it wouldbe to have a glimpse of the man'swork in his studio! Fully aware thatit was not his custom to admit strangers, they ventured upon the pilgrimage to that shrine. They counted onhis waiving the rule where it concerned a group that contained at leastone full fledged national academicianand several associates of that augustbody. They all went to Scarborough(Prout's Neck), put up at the hotel andsent him a joint note, signing theirnames and begging that he would receive them. When the messenger returned they read with dismay thatWinslow Homer presented his compliments and begged to be excused fromreceiving "art students." The joke wasso good that the story was given outin artistic circles. Arthur Hoeber inWorld's Work.Mock Suns.Mock suns are similar in point oforigin to the mirages of the desert,only the occur in the arctic circle.As the long winter night 'of the polarregion wanes once every twenty-fourhours a slight glow is seen at somepoint on the horizon. Often accompanying this glow is seen the phenomenon of the mock suns. Several degrees up in the heavens as many asfive of these spectral orbs have beenseen at one time. Invariably they areall connected in a geometric figure,the suns seemingly bound togetherwith circles and arcs of light Oftenwhen only one appears it is mistakenfor the real god of day, and nativesrejoice at the early end of the Jongwinter night only to be disappointedas the image disappears. The explanation of the phenomenon is given byphysicists as refraction and reflectionof light from the real sun below thehorizou on the mists in the upper atmosphere. St. Louis Republic.Crossing tho Bar.Tennyson's famous poem "Crossingthe Bar" was written, said his son.in the poet's eighty-first year, "on aday in October when we came fromAldworth to Farringford. Beforereaching Farringford he had had the'moaning of the bar in his mind, andafter dinner he showed me the poemwritten out. 'That is the crown ofyour life's work,' " said his son. whowas the first man after the poet toread "Crossing the Bar" and whopassed the first criticism upon it insuch fitting and generous language."It came in a moment," said the poet,and he explained the pilot as the Divine and Unseen, who is always guiding us. A day or two before he diedthe poet, calling his son to his bedside, said, "Mind you put 'Crossing theBar' at the end of all editions of mypoems."Old Time Taxation.During the eleven years from 1G9"to 170G the Englishman over twentyfive who shirked matrimony was called on to pay 1 shilling annually, witha further sum, according to rank, of5 shillings for a gentleman and 1210s. for a duke, a tax which yielded tothe revenue about 1,000 a week. Iuthese "good old times" the Briton hadto pay a tax when he took a wife andanother tax every time he qualified asa father. Thus a duke's nuptials costhim 50 4s., his heir 30 2s., and foreach later male addition to his familyhis joy "was discounted by a paymentof 23 2s. The benedict whose incomewas less than 50 a year had to pay2s. Gd. on his marriage and 2 shillingsevery time he became a father. London Standard.Wagner a Living Paradox.'As an artist Wagner had unequaledgenius. As a man, though generous,temperate and virtuous to an unusualdegree, he also had extraordinaryfaults, ne was egotistical and proud,prone to fierce enmities; he went toextremes in everything. A living paradox; impatient, irritable and nervous;noble and petty; never made a manmere friends and more enemies. Hewas worshiped and hated. Taken allin all, musically he stands as the mostnotable figure of this age. Dole's"Famous Composers."With a "G.""Gentlemen," said the lawyer for thedefense in closing his eloquent andImpassioned speech, "all I demand formy client at your hands is justicejustice with a large G!"The principal of the district schoolwas on the jury, and the verdict wasguiltywith a large G. Chicago Tribune.Many Sided Question.Miss Lonely Yon ought to be careful, Kitty. Marriage is a serious matter. The Maid (who has a proposal)Yes, ma'am; but staying single is alerious matter too. Columbus Ledger.Fated Anyhow."Won't you try a piece of my wife'sangel cake?""Will it make an angel of me?""That will depend on the kind of alife you have led." Houston Post.Out to Be In.Never he in your place of businesswhen a person wants to borrow moneyoi you. Deeause ir you are in you winbe out, but if you are out you will bein. London Answers.riM,, . , 11..1. i xj uu feiuuu jMj;iuiu; ui uni;i;jii;&.. .!- a .. .. .j aic auuiuiuiug 10 uo. soiiiruiing 10 lOVPand something to hope for. ChalmersmmmmwmJob PrintingWORK DONE9WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!atxrE:XtSZS&rTRE J9B P.eOfBS OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,Sec, &c.oLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.the Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown en application.tuuiuimumi-Vt.VTHE BOURBON" NEWS; PARIS, t KENTUCKY, MAY 5,. 1911lJjMILLERSBURG ITEMS.withMisp Irene Tackett is quite illtonsilitis.Mr. C. D. Tackett is confined to hishome.Mr. T. D. Judy is confined to hishome.Little Mildred Louise Collier is improving. Mrs. Chas. Lavin visited in Carlisleyesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Miller, ofCynthiana, visited relatives here Sunday. Mr. E. B. Current, of Lexington,was here with potted flowers Thursday. Mis T,ouie Warford. of CampbellHagerraan College, Lexington, was athome Sunday.Miss Louise Cray will attend theSigma Nu hop in Merrick Lodge building at Lexington tonight.Mr. Aaron Smedley, of Hutchison,vrai the guest of his brother, Mr. J.G. Smedley and family Wednesday.Dr. W. G. Daily and Postmaster U.S. G. Pepper were among the numberwho attended the Republican RailroadConvention at Paris Wednesday.Miss Crain, Traveling MissionarySecretary of the Y. M. C. A. spoke atthe M. F. C. Wednesday and spentthe night as guest of the college.The ball game Saturday afternoonbetween M. M. I. anfl Cynthiana onCynthiana grounds, resulted in the defeat of M. M. I. by a score of 5 to 3.The season for house cleaning is on.Call on me for folded newspapers toput under your carpets, en shelvessfcd other purposes. Prices right.R. M. CALDWELL.Miss Bettie Maris will hold hergraduating recital in voice in thelhapel oft he M. F. C. this evening at:30 All friends and patrons of thenstitution cordially invited.Mr. and Mrs. P. Ii. Dimmitt anddaughter, Miss Lula McNamara. andMiss Carrie Peed attended the installation of the officers of the Baptistchurch at Carlisle Sunday, jioing overin their automobile.Mr. M. P. Collier. Worshipful Master, pro tern, conferred the MasterMason Degree on Mr. Earl PetersonTuesday evening at regular meeting ofAmity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M. Theattendance was good and the meetinginteresting. At the close ot tne wo;kthe members repaired to the dininghall where a delightful lunch ronsisting of coffee, two-year-old baked hamand other good things. The same devrroo will he conferred on Capt. GuyM. Russell Monday evening. Allmembers are urged to be present. Mr.W. V. Shaw is unquestionably a goodmaster and always has pleasant surprises in store Jt every meeting. Youdo not want to miss this.Mr. F. F. Hurst was in Lexingtony esterday on business.Mr. and Mrs. L. N. Young, of Maysville, will be guests Sunday of Mr. andMrs. Aaron McConnell.Miss Mattie Miller Vaught returnedTuesday after a protracted visit torelatives in Danville.Mrs. W. W. IIutchisnD left for herhome in Nepton yesterday after a visitto her aunt, Mrs. M. J. Caldwell.The Ladies Aid Society of the Christian church will give a tax party atthe home of Mrs. U. S. G. PepperThursday, May 11. The ;tax on eachperson will not exceed twenty-fi vecents. Ices and cakes will be served.At the Methodist church Sundaymorning Rev. T. W. Watts, pastor,will preach on the parable of "TheRich Husbandman." At night hewill deliver theclosing sermon on" Wayof Salvation, "which will be illustrated with magic lantern views fromBunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress." Bi.lginning Sunday the evening serviceswill commence at 7:30 o'clock.DEATHS.Wm Yarnell, aged 21 years, dfedat a Covington hospital last week ofappendicitis and other complications.Yarnell was a fireman on the L. & N.railroad and in a wreck near Falmouth'several weeks ago was thrown fromI the engine. He was picked up , unconI scious and taken to Covington. For atime he seemed to improve, but foriiver a week had been in a dangerouscondition. Before leaving Paris on hislast trip he complained of a pain in hisside, and did not want to make hisrun, but was persuaded to go. Several cars in the rear of the engine wereomiloH Thp rar in which Yarnell! was at work was wrenched violently,though it did not leave tne tracK. Theyoung man was thrown out, and thisaccident no doubt hastened his death.He was a son of David Yarnell wholives in Cincinnati and a nephew ofJeff Yarnell, who resides near thiscity.Horse Thief Sentenced.Sam T Johnson, arrested severalmonths ago by Marshal James Gibson,near North Middletown, on a warrantfrom Boyle county, was convicted inthe Bayle Circuit Court at Danvilleyesterday and received an immediatesentence of from two to ten years.Marshal Gibson recieved a rewardoffered by the Uoyle officials fcr theapprehension of Johnson.Clarke's Poultry Remedies.Use Clarke's LimberneckRemedy.andRoup14 8tIWool.Will pay theCome get yourWe are buying wool,highest market price.sacks and twine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,28 8t Either phone 84.The Barnes Lot Sale.MATRIMONIAL.Fine Opportunity for Investors.Recent buyers of lots in Paris havein some jnsUnces sold their holdingsfor nice' profits. Barnes Place presents a fine opportunity for the investor as well as home seeker. Auctionsale of lots Thursday, May 11, at I p.m.Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis & Overby has secured the agency for a Columbus firmfor toupees, wigs and hair goods of allpescriptions. The prices on wigs andtoupees range from S15 up. 10 tfThree Days Special.JJeniscn's Shelf paper 5 cents a bolt.PARIS BOOK CO.Miss Lula D. Wilson, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Frank Wilson, of Bourbon, and Mr. Theodore Carter.a youngfarmer, also of this county, were married in Carlisle Tuesday.Chance to Own a Home.The lots in Barnes Place will be soldon easy terms and everybody given achance to own a home. The locationis on the car line, is attractive as aresident section and is visited daily byprospective buyers. Attend the saleand invest wnere your money will soondouble itself. Sale without reserveThursday. May 11, at 2 p. m.CLINTON VILLE ITEMS.The lots in Barnes Place, to be soldat auction on Thursday, May .11, at 2p. m.f will be sold to white peopleonly. Just across from Barnes Placeare the yards of the Louisville &Nashville railroad. This big field ofrailroad activity looks like one wasnear the city of Chicago.A few yards distant are the buildings of the round house and machineshops now going up. These lot, asan investment, means a sure profit torthe near future. Be on the groundNo-by-bidding and every lot offeredwill be sold.Services at the Clintonville churchSunday at the following time: 11 a.m., subject, "The Spirit of Missions isSpiritual Food;" 8 p. m., "Escapingfrom the Service of Sin;" 10 a. m.,Bible school' 7:30 p. m., song service.Saturday the Loyal Classes I will meetwith the Misses Clara and Nina Buchanan.Bicycles and Supplies.We handle a high grade of bicyclesand also carry a complete line of supplies and repairs.21 4t LAVIN & CONNELL,Crop Conditions in State Good.The monthly crop bulletin of theState Agricultural Department is being made up by Commissioner Rankin.The condition of wheat, as comparedwith last year is 97 per cent; of rye91 ; of clover, 92 ; of alfalfa, 94. Theprospective acreage of corn is 99 percent; jf oats 9G; of potatoes, 95: ofhurley tobacco, 73; of dark tobacco,79. The prospects for a peach crcpare given at oY per cent, ine condition of sheep, notwithstanding thescabies, is given as 93. while the condition ofjhngs is 99, and cattle, generally, are 9G.Buy a Lot in Barnes Place.Don't go through life living in arented house when you can own ahome much cheaper. Start by buyinga lot in Barnes Place Thursday, May11. The location is unsurpassed andthe sale is positiveKfiUFMflN,$TRfllM60Central Kentucky's Greatest Department Store, "Lexington, Ky.OURSPRINGExclusive EffectsWomen's Outer Garments,Individuality of Style atReasonable Prices.x I--4Tailor.Made Suits at $25, $30, $35Adaptions from Paris models in neatly trimmed effects withsailor collar and long Re vers; made out of French Serges,Summer weight worsteds and Etamine cloths in white, navy,black and all colors. Coats are made in just the rightlength, semi-fitted and lined with rich, soft peau de cygne.Skirts cut in plain, straight lines with sufficient fullness toinsure walking comfortable.IWon't You Make a Comparative Test?Such a test will prove to you the great economical Housefurnishing possibilities at the A. F Wheeler StoreLarge assortment-lower prices liberal credit-these await you at -our store-welcomeyou to your homefurnishing store.KVOdd DressersA Beautiful Line of Odd Dressers to brighienup your Bedroom,$7.75 up to $70.00Porch Chairs in theOld Hickory,$g.2S to $2.50&ft.mCoatsfi For Motoring, touring, driving and general wear, in serges, gpongees, taffetas, satins and fine linens. gLingerie GownsOf marquisette, voile and soft muslins, in solid white, satinand lace trimmed and the much-desired colored embroidery 1effects.Girls' Dresses and Waists in Peter Thompson andCo-Ed Styles.Kaufman. Straus St Cc LeYlilirtftii. Kv.mmmmmmmMmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmcnf&SXltubi&!$?-ftS',Wi(&.?.5 f Q fill rPfo will1 ) 'TjWhy uheelers $ 7(gwJceberg Sjefr 'iteratorsJlrt ibe Cheapest?It is because they are so well constructed withCharcoal Waterproof Sheating, which will notobsorb moisture, and is noted for saving yourice bill.3 23k3 14 3wKitchen Cabinet$6.75 up to $42Our Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.The "House of Quality" only car- 1ries the very best in Solid Silver Istnn TATO an tnirt trnn anvfninrr Wfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.H Both Phones. MiaBHi:Bni:aHB- Wjiv."---. . " -V&f9.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.&&&-&&&&Notice ! Farmers !Wool Twine,Sheep Shears..!5-A-AtAll Kinds of DependableHardware for the Farm.'-4.9Gall and Examine the Best and CheapestFarm Fence Ever Offered.A new one, and by far the strongest ever offered.Springfield Lime andWhite Wash BrushesFORD & CO..Paris, Ky. :1Main and Third Sts.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. 2ourt House-4k44i4k444444i4i-4444i4iH4'ttty0'''!m''KMm'mTWSr'T9'''KSmm9SmmS lSPuESft nN.vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PRIS, KENTUCKY, MY 5, 1911.1SOURBOIf NEWS.Ud0wiSsfar0!hFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMEBIG RUG SALE.Attend Hintcn's big Rug.rale to-day and to-morrpw,-si two days. Great barrains offered.Old Time Meal...ulthard & Honey's o!d time burr, jnd corn msal, the kind that made-ritucky corn bread famous, now onSAU ERS'.Repairing Street.A'jrK on repairing Main street which..s been in progress several deys ist -pressing rapidly. An expert frome National liitunen Co , of Indian-il'-.iSi, Ind., has the work in charge.Tomato Plants.Tunata plants of all kinds.SAUER.Spreading Oil.The oil for the streets has arrivedid wi'i be spread upon the principalore :gnlarus of the city. The city. nd were engaged yesterday in, reiing the oil on Pleasant street.PERSONAL MENTION.Free Band Concert.A Tree band concert will be given atp sale of lots in Barnes Place onnursday May 11. The High School-r:d will furnish the music.A Great Preventive.As a preventive 4-11-44 prescriptionzs no equal. Guaranteed to cure gapng chicks.VARDEN & SON.Hogs Shipped.V. G. McClintock shipped from thisc ty Vedne3day night one car of hogsmac cost 5 1-4 cents to the Cincinnatinsrket. J. 10. Boardman also shippedwo cars to Cincinnati that cost 5 1-4cants.Wool.We pay highest market prices forwool. Get your sacks from us.s :,t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Picture Framing Our Specially.Beautiful line of new mouldings justreceived and we are prepared to frameyour pictures on short notice.PARIS BOOK CO.Adair Assigns.,r B. K. Adair, who for several monthsass conducted a confectionety and icecream parlor, feted a deed of assignment Wednesday for the benefit of hiscreditors. Mr. Hord Mann, bookkeeper of the First National Bank wasnamed as assignee. No statement ofh.s assets or liabilities were given.Our $1.00 Shirts.You'll find lots'of shirts at ?1, butrone like ours. Cut full and roomy,slstsve lengths right. Try a few.J. V. DAVIS & CO.m Miss Irene Sewell, cf Winchester,is visiting friends in this city.Mr. Albert Hinton is confined tohis home, suffering with a sprainedankle.Mrs. J. W. Davis and Mr. WithersDav.s were visitors in Lexington Wednesday. Mrs. Elizabeth Hill has returnedfrom a several days business trip toCincinnati.Mr. GeOriTP. M. Hill rtf PronL-fni-fi was a visitor in I'aris Wednesday and: Thursday.Quito a numb.r of Parisians attended the Billie tiutke performancesin Lexington yf slerday.Mrs. J. H. Thompson wa3 theguest Wednesday in Lexington, of Mrs.George Hunt for her luncheon-bridge.Mr. A. R. Suton, who reside? onIwclfth street, leaves this week forLouisville, where he will reside permanently. Mis3 Frances Johnson left yesterday ior Versailles to visit Mrs. Edward Wallace and to attsnd the meeting that i3 being conducted by Rev. F.W. Wright.Mrs. George M. Hill and familyhave moved from the Stern house atFourteenth and Main streets, to thecottage of Miss Era Henry, on Sixteenth street.Anions the visitors in the city forthe Republican Railroad Conventionare Editor H. Chappell. uf the Middleshoro i housar.dsticks, and Editor J.W. Stevenson, of the London Echo.Mrs. Wm. Penn McCann, of NewYork, who has been the guest forseveral weeks of her niece.Miss JessieBrown, left yesterday Jmonrning forher home. She was accompanied toCincinaci by Miss Brown.Mr. Lee Mahan, of London, entertained with a dinner Friday in honorof his daughter, Mrs. Cleveland Jones,of Paris, who has been vis'ting himfor a week. Mrs. Jones and childrenreturned home yesterday.The Terrell, Texas, Times-Starsays: "Mrs. Sarah J. Leeds, motherof Mrs. J. T. Pryor, has returned toKentucky on a visit to relatives atParis, Richmond and Covington, andwill remain for quite a while. Mrs.Pryor accompanied her as far asShreveport."In honor of his ninety-secondbirthday Mr. John W. Thomas entertained at the home of Mr. and M'rs.Leer Stout on Seventh street Sunday.Mr. Thomas, in spite of his advancedage is hala and hearty. Those presentwere Mr. and Mrs. E. K. Thomas, Mr.and Mrs. Will Thomas, Mr. and Mrs.Douglas Thomas, Mrs. Candace Smith,and Mr. and Mrs. Leer Stout.Now is the Time.Now is the time to use Clarke'sGap Remedy for thicks. It stBourbon Man Buys Franklin LandW. E. Knox, who lives at Shawhanstation, has purchased of 11. W.Hughes, his farm in Franklin county,live miles from Frankfort, containingabout 130 acres. Price $5,000 cash.Mr. Knox bought the land as an investment. Notice, Poultry Raisers.The guaranteed cure for cholera inpoultry is 4-11-14 precsription. FursAu byVARDEN & SON.The Best.Use Clarke's Poultry Remedies.14 StSchool Pennant.See cur beautiful line of pennants,arm bands, &c.PARIS BOOK CO.Bridge Nearing CompletionThe structural work on the steelbridge of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad company spanning Stonerreek, will be completed within thenext two weeks. The overhead steelwork of the old bridge has been removed and the workmen are engagedn setting the girders of the newtructure. A section of the footbridge an the north side has been comjleted. For the Chicks.Little chicks with the gapes aref-stsily cured with the 4-11-41 prescription. Guaranteed byVARDEN & SON.Protracted Meeting Grows in In-terest.Intsrrst in the revival in progress atthe Christian church is growing withaoh succeeding evening and the attendance which has been good duringtne week is inereaing with each ser-"e. Elder Peter Ainslee, pastor ofne Christian Temple of Baltimore,M 1., who is assisting rJder Morgan inthe revival is onp of the best speakersrard in this community fcr some'ime. His discourses are highly pleas-ng to the 'large audiences that hearim nightly. The music is under thedirection of the choirmaster. Prof. A.H. Morehead, who has a largely in-rtased chorus for the occasion. Themeeting will continue throughout nextwick.Save the Chicks.Save the chicks from gapes by thetimely use of 4-11-44 prescription. Itis a guaranteed remedy.VARDEN & SON.We Feature a Serge Suit.at $22.30, and it is some suit value.Serge very fine, hard spjn with sufr,silky finish and the color is absolutelyfast.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Guaranteed Remedy.The guaranteed remedy for poultryis 4-11-14 prescription. One arop willrelieve the gaping chicks, and isguaranteed to cure.VARDEN & SON.RELIGIOUS.Rev. J. M. JIaxon will be in hispalpit at the Episcopl church Sundaymorning at 10:45 and afternoon at 4o'clock.At the Baptist church there willbe preaching by Rev. E. M. Lightfooton "Why Dots God Punish?" Thissermon is the : second on Amos. Service at 10:45 and is preceded by Sunday school at 9:30. Owing to 'servicesm Christian church !tnere will be nonight seirice held at the Baptistcnurch.Post Card Novelties.Beautiful line of Tuck's post cardsalso complete line of local views.PARIS BOOK COMPANY.Base Ball Special.A special train will be nn to fMaysville on Tuesday, Mty 9, leaving Parisat 11 o'clock. One dollar for the roundtrip. The occasion will be the openinggame of the Blue Grass League between Paris and Maysville. Thespecial will return immediately afterthe game and will arrive in Parisabout 7 p. m. The Paris High SchoolBand will accompany the team and alarge crowd is expected to go alongand help win the opening game. Allthe merchants of Maysville have signified their intention of closing theirplaces of business during the paradeand game.Will our merchants be as clever asMaysville and other citizens in theBlue Grass League and give half holiday on opening day in Pais? Let'sclose up and give the hoys a big crowdfor the first game at home.The first game at home will be withWinchester Gn Friday, May 12.Richmord has a new twirler by thename of Goldenbcriy, who is said to bea wondc-r. He is from the little Jownof Sparta, in Owen county. Goldenberry was given a tryout by the Cincinnati National League Clnb but onaccount of inexperience was sent backto the miners.PARIS DEFEATS KENTUCKY WESLEY ANThe Paris Club yesterday afternondefeated the Kentucky Wesleyan College in a seven inning contest at WhitePark. The college bojs were unableto hit ssfely but twice during theseven rounds, gwhile JParis had twicethat number of clean drives to theircredit. Fcr Paris Schrauderand Shearsdid Jthe twirling, while .Hunt andA'Hearn presided on the slab for Wesleyan. Sunday afternon the Bourboniteswill rseet the strong club from Cynthiana at White Park. The game willprobably be one of the fastst exhibitions given on the local lot during thepractice season.Winchester Votes to Remain WetThe local option election in Winchester precinct was won by the drys Tuesday. They cast 267 ballots, to 166 forthe wets, giving the anti-saloon peoplea majority of 101.Both sides were active during theday and at 9 o'clock more than 225votes had been cast. The registrationshowed more than five hundred entitledto vote. Ninety-seven of these hadbeen added at the special registrationof April 25. There are practically nofloaters in Winchester precinct so thatthe vote was an honest one. Manyvoters were challenged by the dryworkers.The total vote was 433 and it wascounted within fifteen minutes afterthe polls closed.There are twelve saloons in Winchester, but none in the precinct in whichthe election was held. It incluaes theBrown-Proctoria Hotel.ANNOUNCEMENTS.Modern Property.Read the 'advertisement in anothercolumn of the valuable' real estate tobe offered for sale on May 18 by Mr.George W. Wilder.Easy Terms.Don't wait to buy untill you areready to pay cash for a let, but buythe best located lots in Paris in BarnesPlace on easy terms at auction Thursday, May 11.Baby Embroideries.New and beautiful wash goods andlaces.5 2t MISS JESSIE BROWN.Child Drinks Poison and Dies.The three-year-old son of Mr. andMrs. Thomas Quiett, of Nicholas county is dead as a result of drinkingpoison. The child in some manner gothold of a bottle containing a composition of carbolic acid and blue stone,which was used in treating a lamehorse, and without knowing thedanger, drank some of the liquid. Thechild died in agony before the physician arrived.Modern Property.Read the advertisement in anothercolumn of the valuable real estate tobe offered for sale on May 18 by Mr.George W. Wilder.Desirable Propertv.Barnes Place is the first residentdistrict on Main street to be thrownopen to the public in the history of thecity. Located within a stone's throwof the junction of the different divisions of the Louisville & Nashville railroad system, it repdily becomes themost desirable property now on themarket. Every, lot will be sold onThursday, May 11, at 2 p. m.Strawberry Headquarters.For first class strawberries, the beston. the maiket cail at "StrawberryHeadquarters."SAUERS'.Handsome Gifts.A handsome new Axminster rug,9x12, stylish suit of clothes and a 85Stetson hat will be given away free atthe auction sale of lots in BarnesPlace, on South Main street, on Thursday, May 11, at 2 p. m. It costs nothing to attend, so come and bring yourfriends.We are authorized to announce Sidney G. Clay as a candidate for Representative in the Legislature fromBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic party-I H Hfl im . UWm tn .HH KHThe MetzA 1 1I AuiomoDiie,eSimplest, most practicaland economical twoI passenger machine manj factured. Complete atI $485.Sam'l Kerslake & Son.mi BH-HH"s1IIEZIrIzIssIMjStuASUAJiAHNew Records For May.Victor and Edison.A Pew of Them:Gems from "Floradora," HallStuart. Gems from "Erminie," Jakoboswaks Victor Light Opera Co.Po'Mo'ner Got a Home at Last,Fisk Jubilee Quartet.Boston Virginia Reed DanceQuartet.That's Why I Never Got Married, From "The Slim Princess," jT;n.. "Ayr.,..,. fuiuy -iviuriciy.Come in and hear them.iSpecial.:LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.iW. Ed. Tucker.IFEESCut RateCash SpecialsIPremier Brand, 4 oz. More Than Oats Packed3 Boxcs 25cBars ofLENOX SOAPDaugbwty BrosMain Street,PARIS, KENTUCKYQuart Mason Jar of Pure CdMUSTARD vTCGROCERIESAT COST!IMHHIIiHBBtMHHiMtI Iv L nlliJLIJJN.Having' decided to change my lmsi-,ness, I wll close out niy stock atonce.These goods are the best and will beSold at Cost For Cash.Come in tc-day. !W. S. Hughes,Opp. Court House, Paris, Ky.TWOs $ wnmWS3&!DAYSOFPublicSale!!OFHINTONS BIGDesirableCity PropertyI will sell on the premises to thehighest bidders onTharsday, May 18th, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m.. the following described property : Two modern brickcottages, cr.e situated corner High andThirteenth streets, Paris, Kv., thei other adjoining, and each containinglive rooms, hall, pantry, bath and twoporches. These are new. well builthouses with slate roofs and are handsomely finished, newly papered, andfitted with hot and cold water, gas,electric light ar.d chandeliers. Lot3have shade tree3 and concrete walksj and are 33x100 feet, extending to a 9iloot aney.These are well located and beautifu 1homes. in a splendid neighborhood, onthe interurban line and convenient tocnurches and schools and would readilyrent for $25 per month.At tne saim time I will sell a vacantbuilding lot, situated corner Main andThirteenth streets, Paris, Ky. Thislot is 33xl0fi feet to a & foot alley andwill be sold fcr residential purposesonly.TERMS.One-third cash, balance inone and two years, with notes bearinginterest at 6 per cent and a lien retained until paid.G W. WILDER.Geo. D. Soeakes. Auctionaer.Fcr further information apply' to1 Hanis & Sorakes, Real Estate Dealers, Pans, Ky.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. E. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.Ili AftJLBNT ON.mm4It2I4"-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 5, 1011.UMICHELIN'Semeire"Anti-SkidsLoot fortiissignVK on leadinggarages. , , c.i -JLS Leather tread ihardened SUel .Anti-Skid J I utoufh, flexible,Ci,uJ Jo nrevent SpBgK and noa I- . x uitMm m av m. x&jiiiiiniimmr w&BoorIN STOCK BYbon Garaae end Suddiu Go.YOUt-TRYisVB 1 o o d i n efrKE GREATEST REMEDY' N THE WORLD.rnmr AC ATI- .finKEASES ARISING FROKiMDltSF RLOOD. -"-"r LkIT GIVES Htw Lirt wuSTRENCTH TO ELDERLY;PEOPLE. DELICATE WOMEN.and TENDER BOYS ANDGIRLS.' q- VII-J. iffc, t-nT-r tlrniAi mta kbual lUONIY. UVZJt 4 BLADDt DOCASO. CATARRH. MASTHMA. RHEUMATBH.IGOUT. LA 6um. jj- rSUMPTION, vnrtm. j ,CONJTIPATlOr. HEART . f JUtJtM MAhVtr -NOtVOUJ DEKUTY.XT VITUS SACErcL. ir wimlW" vthr ri nnniVB en -vrfth toiTox juts. fry-sr HEW TDK. BCILIW.Vov-fi0 0XTRCAUWe KnowBLOODINE-Will Help Youv?1To Regain Your Strengthand Energy.Report of the He Phy Id an lb" a Leading New York Hopltl ',t ontheCureof Catrrhv"A few years ago we considered thatvre were doing? well if we cure.dtenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder-and TJretha, Catarrh of the large intestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelvicCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andk Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part of(the body attacked by tho Catarrhalgerms.".Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed of'valuable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine'contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the be3t remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynsw, rich red blood to the whole body.. FREE To Drove the wonderfulI merits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents In silver or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodine Cobpobation, Boston, Mas.W. T. Brooks, Agent.t! " .1 . .i , i . , m mmmmmm"mSpring Announcement.We wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Beiyamine'sFine Suits range in prices from$20 to $35Exuals the finest tailor made.Twin BrosV4S?.useLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSTALLIONS ADVERTISED. QAttention is directed to the following stallions advertised on anotherpage of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon Norab, 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Hinkson Black Prince.Sterling Hinkson Burley.JACKS.Charlton Clay Tom Mack.Saved Many from Death.W. L. Mock, of Mock, Ark., believesho has saved many lives in his 25years of experience in the drug business. "What I always like to do,"he writes, "is to recommend Dr.King's New Discovery for weak, sorelungs, hard colds, hoarseness, obstinate coughs, lagrippe, croup, asthmaor other bronchial affection, for Ifeel sure that a number of my neighbors are alive and well today becausethey took my advice to use it. 1 honestly believe its the best throat andlung medicine that's made." Easy toprove he's right. Get a trial bottlefree, or regular 50c or $1.00 bottle.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.High Grade Rics In Manchuria.Experiments in the growing of riceIn Manchuria are said to show thatrice can be grown there more profitably than in China propor or Japan,and more profitably than either cornor soya beans. The season is short,but long enough to produce high graderice.Starts Much Trouble.If all people knew what neglect ofconstipation would result in severeindigestion, yellow jaundice or virulent liver trouble they would soontake Dr. King's New Life Pills andend ic. Its the only safe way. Bestfor billiousness, headache, dyspepsia,chills and dobility.25c at Oberdorfer's.NURSING MOTHERSshow the beneficial effects of$IPs Emulsionin a very short time. Itnot only builds her up,but enriches the mother'smilk and properly nourishes the child.Nearly all mothers vhonurse their children shouldtake this splendid foodtonic, not only to keepup their own strength butto properly nourish theirchildren.FOU SALC BY ALL DRI7GGISTSScau 10c., namo of paper end this nd. for ourbcuutliitl SuvitiftH 3ank aud Child's Skctch-Uook.Hach banUcoutuina a Good Luck l'cniij.SCOTT & BOWNE. 409 Pearl St.. New Yorkk;inlA'Q Ui mim y h i iw . 14 l mm.'lt.! 1y u 'MUDOPHouse and Lot inClaysville.Plows,Harrows,Corn Planters,Cultivators.Vulcan Plows,McCormick andB. H. Disk Harrows,Racine, Sattleyjjand JaynesvilleCorn Planters.The Brinly Leverless andAvery Cultivators.Are First Class Implements and For Sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.XCurtis & Overby,BARBERS,T Successors to Carl Crawford3 Olialrs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.ri w&a wi mm.I will, as assignee of the estate ofJordan Richardson, onSaturday, May 6th, 1911.sell at public auction to the highestbidder a house and lot in Claysville.The lot fronts 50 feet and extendsback 100 feet more or less. The houspthereon contains four rooms. Allnecessary outbuildings. A splendidnvestment.W. P. ARDERY,3leot2l Assignee.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.BLOODPOISONVarden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions,pure drugs andprompt service.- Harden &Druggis,I SPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shoppingour Drygoods and Itoady-to-AVear Millinery andShoe Department. AVe have for 'Oiir inspection afashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts,Dresses,Waists.Silk Petticoats,Muslin Underwear,Slippers,Millinery,Drygoods.Dress Goods,Silks.White Goods,Laces,Trimmingo,Embroideries,Flaxons, Etc.We are always pleased to have you call and seeour handsome Spring selection.SonTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyfZZ . . mM- a m T ,, , -1r1CHARLES W. HECK,SUCCESSORS TOH0LLIDAY & SETTLEGarriaoe and Repair shod at Paris, Ky;,, Invites the Public Patronage.ft Twenty-five years experience in the business. Im MCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B.30 years.Tested forDrives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickry. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free' by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We WillJGrive You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Lumber d M'f'g Company,IncorporatedPARIS, KY.Yard at Office,15th and Main Sts.Home Phone 12; L.T. 530't-w-"1,VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, - MAY 5, 1911.BLACK HAWKCORN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROP!Light Draft, Simple Construction.::tWur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill, but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak soil, in comparisonwith deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child to do a man's work. This is a reasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 "Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill withoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or 17 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart; without stopping the team.Hand Drop Attachment with each Planter, has' Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rows and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.Yerkes & Kenney,Paris, Kentuckv7 criIimodem ana UptoDateDental Parlors,main street, Paris, Kentucky,PARLORS OVKR VARDEN'SDRUG STORE'Professional CardsJ J. WIIiIiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Buildinc.mm i wmmmmm I maminargoien s.I invite you and your friends to visitmy parlors and nave your teeth examined free of charge. Will tell youjust what your work will cost, andcan assure you prompt and courteoustreatment at all times. I use the bestof material and do all my own work.Ask yoar neighbor about me, I havedone work for some of them, as Ihave practiced here for over fourvears.In order to increase my businessand introduce my PAINLESS METHODS into every house in Pans andsurrounding country, I will, for alimited time, make the followingprices:Examination FreeExtracting ."OcCleaning Jj l.OO ir;old Fillings, 'from -$1.00 to. .Silver Fillings, from 0c to..Full Set of Teeth (to Fit)Gold Crown (22 K)Porcelain CrownsBridge "WorkAbove Prices Are For CashAll Work Guaranteed.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oflice ol4 Main Street.Office Phones j JfResidence fLISi.DK.A. B KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, ... - Kentucky3.002.00$5Only.6. Determan,PRICKCONTRACTOR$pp trip hpforp. o.nntraatiner vourBrick Work.REFERENCE:-See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.office hours:S a. m. to G p. m. Sundays 9 to 12.DR. J. M. LACOCKOffice over Varden's Drug Store.Margolen,jRnnk Langborn VmmmmimmCut this ad. out and bring it withnnA rrnf nrlnTt1 nnrn of abOVGPrices, and have work done by an . auglGtfexperienced dentist.Manicuring 35 Cents, .Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.East Tenn. Pho e 6G9MiWJlUiiilMliiHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Bavey Tree Expert Co.,Kent, Ohio.Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tree Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER,406;Pleasmt street.Home phone 254. Paris. Ky.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance gainst Fire, Wind andTjierhtnincr.Your patronacre solicited.Certified Songster.Prima Donna I have here, a certificate from a doctor to the effect thatI can't sing tonight. Manager Whygo to all that trouble? I'll give you acertificate that you never could sing.Endures for AgesggamtmwaaaaaaaaaaaaamwaaaammmmaaaamaaaaaaamaaaaaaamSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.UnioH Trust Building, Cincinnati, Okio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Ceneit Co.CHICAGO NEWS LETTER.Chicago, May 4. Counterfeitingnickels at a cost of 25 centa tjaeh is anindustry in Chicago which the government secret service has kindly stopped, for which Andrew Barto, the accused man, may well be glad. According to the testimony of Capt. T. I.Porter, head of the secret service, itrequired an hour and a half of time tomake three lead nickels. At this rateeach nickel would have cost a quarter,yet he either had rosy dreams of fortune by disposing of them at two centseach in bulk or he was a man so determined on being crooked that he wouldrather lose money at it than be honest.The counterfeiting outfit consisted ofa heavy stamping machine, bellows,forge, stamping press and a number ofdevices for polishing and trimming thecoins, all very workman-like and successful, but expensive in the. matter oftime. "To make the coin," Capt.lJorter testified, "Barto first had tocut the nickels from a sheet of leadand then pulish the edges for fully fifteen minutes by hind. Then he putthe unfinished piece on the mold andset it under a heavy weight which helifted to the ceiling of his den with ahand windlass until he released a catchand dropped the weight on tho steeldie. If the weight hit accurately thebogus cain was starrpeJ, bat he spoiled three out cf five."A chance fcr girls to learn cooking,needle work and practical trades, including typesetting, millinery andothers will be given by the Chicagoschools in a new school of mechanicalarts which will be opened June 1 foran experimental run of a month ortwo. At present only $156,000 is provided for the purpose. For severalyears boys have had some manual andvocational training but the poor girlshave had to wait. "And they need itmost," declared Mrs. Ella FlaggYoung, superintendent. "1 can getany number of women to make me anew dress, but there is a great deal oftrouble in getting one who is willingto mend an old one." It. is believedthe school will become self-supportingso far as materials are concerned. Onftrade to be developed is that of skillf dl repair work ou table linen. Couking courses will carry training forfamily cooking and catering, and include also buying provisions As arule it is harder in the big cities forgirls to support themselves than formen. President McFatrich of the Chicago School Hoard for years has beenan ardent advocate of vocational training and it is likely that mnay courseswill be added to the public schools tofit boys to be something beside president of the United States, and to fitgirls to be self-supporting and independent jf the marriage proposal.The horse again ha3 superseded themotor for the pleasure of Chicago'sfour hundred, society women particularly have taken up horseback ridingthis spring with old time enthusiasm.The motor has been relegated to aplace of usefulness, but morning pleasure rides through the parks are takenin the saddle. For years the city hasbeen an equestrian center, some of thebest riding horses in the country beingownsd thfre, horses of pedigree whichhave taken blue ribbons in horse showseast and west. Possibly tne new zestin riding is a cure tor obesity. Onewho shuuld ba an authority recentlysaid: "Riding exercises overy musclein the body, especially thos j c f thewaist and stomach, and hence reuueesthe waist line. At the same time ithas the advantage uf home calisthenics, work in a gymnasium and outdoorathletics." There are many delightful rides for horsemen and horsewomen in and around Chicago. Along thelake shore, through the parks and intothe country. Tne horseback contingent does not go at mad gallopnotby any means it is a very dignifiedand conventional proceeoing, this tiding of society folk. Among the women very few nowadays vet.r the oldsiae-saddle habits; tney I ave taken tothe bifrucated skirt, a ski. l that resemble? the harem ski-t under a longcoat. The men present no appearanceof the western rider, but use the English seat and wear th2 shjrr coat, tignttrousers and jockey boots of England.When the sun is risincr and LincolnPark is desetteJ except for the matinchorus of robins and biuebircs. theoutriders of this fashionable cavalcadeappear, men and women hiugring withthe spontaneous gaierv not to be seenor heard at balls or dinners.Sir John Murray, famous cceanographer, while in Chicago expressedamazement at the fact "that the greatlakes never yet have been subjected tobathymetrical, physical and biologicalsurvey." and he at least never will behappy until that is done. "There areimportant economic as well as physilogical reasons why such a surveyshculd be made," he said. "You havea valuable asset in thu white fish ofthe lakes, but you do not knov whether trey ore being ovei fished, whatvears are the best fur bieedin:, thd rfoodj, or'anything of the otier detai.srelating to their existence. "FREE SAMPLE CURED OLD 'PERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEOne of the most remarkable proofsof the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare received from mothers regardingtne cures of children, as from men andwomen of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constipation andbowel trouble in old people it has noequal. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. Caldwell'sSyrup Pepsin. You can prolonr yowrlife by healthy bowel action. Closiebowels invite disease. Women abotto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending" youraddress to the doctor. "rlNAddress him Dr. W B. P.n.M.1f402 Caldwell buildinglCfclfljceljfi, J1LTOM MAC2CThe Premium Jack.Fine Hack jack, 1G hands high, largebone, mtijy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Macl: v. ill make tbp. season of1911 at Msrchmoi'.t Stork tarmen theWinchester pikt, J miles cast of Paris,at$10 sr Mares and 515 tor JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on cnlt until seasonmoney is paid. .Mares kept at $:j prrmonth or ten cents per day on jintt.Not responsible lor accidents cr lgcapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY,E. T. Phone 57,R. F. D. No. 2, Paii, Ky. !THE SADDLE STALLION,155 hands high, heavy mane and tailwill make the ssason of 1U1 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock, and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living Colt.BEX D'OR is by McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.First darn, Nacy. by Lovely, he 'byLedger: Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on ail colts until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents'1, orescapes.T. B. STITH.R. F. D. No. 1, Pans, Ky.iiuyiiNknu).'i rujLi,Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters if or Br&fia Slerses.BLACK PRSNCENo. 48.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight Has proven to bo a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.EURLEBlack PercheronWt. 1760$15 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of tiie very bpst. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burle', both upon the farm and in the cities. Theyc3.ilstand more work than the generalof horses. BurleyisTyearsold, abeatftiful black. He is well-formed and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price.The above horses will make the season of 1911 at Woodlawn Stock FarmAbou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HIINKSOINiLair, Ky." ls JT LOOANDA SOS,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:0'.). champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:114. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:lo); was thechampion racing stallion of 1901-1905; three-year-old record 2:16 J four-year-oldrecord 2:14J; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record2:05;seven-year-old record 2:03; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A LIVING FOALjNOKAB 36915, Trial 2.1 8, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and- substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21j-4, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:074 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:03)4) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, ParisJ KentuckyAnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERIDaiawm racKing vo.,"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good things " xwe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersanddealers.Baldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.III?ffTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 5, 1911,It- 2ft:iIIImmmammmmmmmmmammiKmim-'rReady For Business!Saturday Was 0penm7)ayMany People AttendedAnd Went Away Satisfied. .S5Our policy will be to sell our goods to the people ofParis and Bourbon Connty at lower prices than were everoffered by anyone.We Guarantee a Saving of15 to 25 per cent.on every dollar's worth of goods purchased of us. Calland be convinced. Prices on each and every articlemarked in plain figures.RphoIp Wpfcwror130311110 if SlyypJuifa?Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PAiiiS, - - KENTUCKY3HiHmVif(Continued From Page 1)being received the convention took anadjournment until 10 o'clock Thursdaymorning.The convention reassembled at theopera house yesterday morning at teno'clock and Chairman McCartney called lor the report of the committeesthat had been passed from Wednesdaynight.The Committee on Credentials ofwhich Congressman John W. JLanghywas Chairman, reported that the contests from Bourbon and Bracken counties had been decided, the Bourbondelegation being decided in favor cfthe Garrett delegation while thatof Bracken went fto Craig. The credentials of the delegations upon whichthe committee decided to hold the seatin the convention each presented theircredentials signed by Uheir countychairmen. IFollowing the report of the Commit-!tee on Credentials E. R. Halbuin, oftMiddlesboro, Chairman of the Commit-!, tee on Rules offered resolutions which .were unanimously adopted and the ICommittee on Permanent Organizationreported that by a unanimous vote ithad been decided to make the temporary organization permanent. Tnismotion v;,s passed by the unanimousvote of the convention.It was announced by i Chairman McCartney the nomination speecheswould be limited to five minutes while (the seconds were limited to three min-jutes. The secretary proceeded .vith'the call of the counties. O. F. Byron, Iof Boyd, placed in noimnatian John jLittlejohn; John W. Langley, of Pike, jpresented the name ot Hen. H. U. ',Garrett; U. C. Edwards nominated1Judge V. L. Brown, of London; Wm. ;Cochran, of Mason, presented thetname of Judge Samuel Holmes, of!Nicholas, while Chas Finley noimnated ,A. T. Siler, of Whitley county, andCaleb Powers, Jackson Morris. !The first ballot was taken at 12'o'clock and resulted as Mows: Gar-!retr, 300; Craig, 191; Si. ; 121; Lit-1tlejohn. 121; Holmes, 87, ..lorris, Gl ;Brown, 29. !sisJnsGallmmmmmmmmmfmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmMmThe Footwear we are showing isaSmart to the Limit,"A fact which the wide-awake customer will appreciateat a glance. But that is not all our showing of Springand Summer Footwear is replete with new styles thatalso combineComfort and Quality.The patterns are of approved shapes and are theproduct of the best workmanship. And here is anotherfact that the people of Paris should know, that ourShoes are retailed at wholesaleprices, which means a great savisngto you.Come to us for your Footwear needs.We Have Some Very Extraordinary Values on SaleThis Week That Will Interest You.Shetland Pony for Zz)a. IStrong, speedy, saddle-gaited full tbrother to Cock Robin and the Collins 'pony, both rihbnn takers. I5 3t DR. J. T. VANS A NT. 'Valuable Ciiy Real Estate.Attention is directed to the public !sale advertisement in another column 'of valuable city real estate belongingto Mr. George W. Wilder. The salewill take place on Thursday, Wav -18.This property is all well located and'the houses are strictly modern.- iROYALBaking PowderEconomyThe manufacturers of Royal Baking Powder have always declinedto produce a cheap baking powderat the sacrifice of quality.Royal Baking Powder is made frompure grape cream of tartar, and isthe embodiment of all the excellencepossible to be attained in the highest class baking powderRoyal' Baking Powder costs only afair price, and is more economicalat its price than any other leavening.agent, because of the superlativequality and absolute wholesomenessof the food it makes.Mixtures made in imitation of baking powders, but containing alum,are frequently distributed from door to door, or given away in grocerystores. Such mixtures are dangerous to use in food. In England,France, Germany and some sections of the United States their sale isprohibited by lav. Alurn is a dangerous mineral acid, and allphysicians condemn baking powders containing it.Tito ZalseE of afa&o Zsszkssiy zsowaGrs mustshaiv tSss MszgredionfiParisian Model Corset.I have just returned from the Parisian Mcdpl Corset Store in Cincinnatiwith the newest styies. Variety ofstyles and material for the individualfigure. Parisian Model Corsets aresold under absr.lute guarantee. Allprices from ?2 up to S28. Call forresidence promptly attended. EastTennessee nhene 112.MISS ELIZABETH HILL.1205 Alain street.ytSgTntSTiilTPPrM" l 7 J1, JQCMHHMMSMtTHE LABEL&:S!Kl!S2ti Winn mutaamiii f r wnmoMatMoney to Loan.safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canWo I,ae compiled arrangements ; b and the payjnenta 3re easy. Insurewhereby we can loan you all tne ... , , ,, itmonry that you need on first mortgages en farm property in amountsranging frtm 82,000 up. at the lowrate of hi pt?r cent with long time andeasy paments. We write the beat.with us snd borrow all the money youneed at 5i per cent. Save ycur moneyand prosper.O. K. COLLIER. Agent.14a3m iiurst Home Insurance Coov9svvjri&Nau'HSfluwsBHssDAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - .- Paris, KentuckyThe WisestWomanWhen she buys Furniture asksa lot of questions. She wantsto know all the "why's" and"wherefore's" of everything.And she isn't satisfied until sheis positive sure that the artic leshe chooses represents thehighest attainable point ofFurniture excellence.Such a person would be sure tofind HERE mucb to please her.Not only would she find styles., that would appeal to her byreason of their novelty or"differentness."But she would also find thatsuch things aren't necessarily costly.- We invite you particular people.The Ne Better Value StoreE. Ml. Wheeler Fcirmture Co,Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingBOTH TELEPHONES$(0)$(0)(0)(ft9AT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGN3r .1