SV-tft43?,w- -. vTHE BOURBON NEWS.- -t- . 3fc V-iJL ...2$a:PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1911.NUMBER 14'qCLINTONVILLE ITEMS.bervices at the Clintonville Chrisiian church next Lord's Day, February-1, ns follows: 11 a. in.-theme,iDijjah's Flight to Heaven." 7 p. m.theme theme, What is the Gospel." 10 a. m Bible school. 6:30p. m Song and pray be service. Loyal classes meet with B. F. Stipp Saturday, February 25, at 7 p. m.FreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYm Howard.New Kailroad Planned.A news dispatch from Frankfortsays: Roy Wilhoit, who i3 in NewYork, announces the formation of arailroad corporation to build a linefrom Webbville, Lawrence county,through Paintsville, Salyersville,Hindman and a point in Harlan Jcountyto connect with the L. & N. The sumof 5250,000 ..has been subscribed.Stallion Sold.Mr. J. Gano Johnson, proprietor ofEmerald Chief Stock Farm, of Montgomery county, has just completed asale by which his handsome stallion.Cloud King, becomes the proprety ofMr. L. N. Davis, a banker of Ashland. The price paid was S5.G00.Frauds May Equal AdamsCounty.Circuit Judge Kirk, of Marl-incounty, who has ordered an investigation of the election frauds in Johnsonand Pike counties, will have the opportunity to make a greater reputationfor himself in ferreting out vote selling and buying, than did Judge Blairin Adams county, Ohio.The record in the Court of Appealsin the election cases from Pike countyshow that nearly $20,01)0 were sptnt inthe county races in ,that county, andthe conditions were so rank thatGovrenor Willson appointed a specialjudge, Judge Holt, of Pewee Valley,to try the cases. Many indictmentsare expected in both Pike and Johnscncounties.Insure with W. Q. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfwm mzaczmAWnoriilc:WastoFor every day in the week. Don't let the lowprice mislead you to believe that the quality is notthe best.Standard granulated sugar, 20 pounds $1.00Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch, 3 packages 10Pure Hog Lard per pound 12.3-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Baby Bunion Corn, 3 cans 25Matches, 3 boxes 10San tee Syrup, 1-2 gallon can 15antee Syrup, 1 gallon can 30Queen Olives, quart jar , 25Evaporated Peaches, fancy, per lb -,. .10Prunes, per lb 10Ivory Soap. 6 bars ,25Fels Naptha Soap, 6 bars 25Lump Starch per pound 03Cream Cheese, per pound 20Royal Baking Powder per lb 43Evaporated Apricots, fancy, per b 15Asparagus (Libby's) per can 25Asparagus Tips (Libby's) per can 252 boxes Rolled Oats 15The FCour of Quality.You have tried the rest; now try the best.Blue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55I The Grocery Store of Quality. &T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234sm Both Phones 234 0- 'V- ...mmmm?mwex-SSc-WmBmmmmWmmmmWmWmmMSPRING HATSWe have received all thelatest colors and shapes inthe celebratedHoward Hat,Best $3 Hat in the JUL S.Call and see them.Priced Co.,Clothiers.pmipWg Clothiers. 3PTHEATRICAL."THE SMART SET" AT THE GRANDCan you imagine anything moreuproariously amusing than a stagereproduction of- a scene in a lodgewhere a timid and unsuspecting candidate is initialed into the mystery of asecret order? The rcom is filled withspooks, goblins, gnomes and othermythological objects qualified to setthe kinkiest ktnd of hair straight.All this and considerable more is provided in the efferescent and side-splittingthree-act musical comedy "GeorgeWashington Bullion," which is thelatest offering of the far-famed"Smart Set" Company under thedirecton of T. L. Corwell, the wellknown New York-theatrical purveyor.Salem Tutt Whitney, the droll rst ofall necro comedians heads the organisation which is composed of fony capable funmakers including J. HornerTutt and Daisy Peters kMartin, aclever prima donna. The productionwith all its satient and original features, elaborate scenic equipment,jingling music and clean cut humor isunderlined as the next attraction atthe Grand for one night, Tuesday,February 28.For this occasion the balcnny is 'reserved for colored people. Prices forthe lower floor 75c ents and $1. Thiscompany carries their own orchestraand altogether will be one of the mostenjoyable performances saen at theGrand in recent years.iiw8nTuSiiBl"THE CLIMAX."It is a fortunate thing for localplaygores that the struggle betweenthe two great theatrical forces hasnot deterred Joseph Webber fromagain sending cut that charming idylof Edward Lockes', "The Climax,"which last season was the dramaticdelight of tue country. The work ofthe Pittsburg playright is so homely,so gentle, so pure, with such a powerful grasp on the heartstrings of everyhuman being capable of feeling any ofthe primal passions, that it will livelongjin the souls and brains of thosewho see it. even though the satuteNew York manager places it in thestorehouse.With a forethought which is remarkable in this age of commercialism inthings theatrical, Mr. Webber is sending out "The Climax" with a cast evenbetter than that seen last season.Thomas Fallon is cast as Dr. Raymond; Carney Christie i3 the musicloving Pietro ; Florence Webber is thebudding prima donna, and HowardLange is the maestro, Luigi. "TheClimax" will be seen at the Giand onMarch 8.:iSPECIAL ATTRACTION AT THECOMET.Manager Porter, of the CometTheatre, while in Cincinnati Wednesday arranged for the production nextWednesday at the Cornet of what isconceded to be the most remarkablemoving gpicture ever made, entitled"Lassoing Wild Animals in Africa."Col. Roosevelt, on viewing the picture, said: "A reallylphenomenal record of a really phenomenal feat."One of the most sensational scenes isthe capture of a particularly ugly rhinoceros. It was one of the two-hornedvariety, and one of the horns is extralong and dangerous. After severalcharges, the rope-throwers got himright, and he was eventually thrown.Succeeding scenes show the captureof a zebra, a cerval cat. u cheetah,which is a sort of leopard, and finallya full grown lioness. This latter exploit was attended with great danger.Madame Lioness is eventually shownswingng from the limb of a tree,where she is properly muzzled, hasher claws manicure, and is placed ona drag and hauled to camp.In order to give everyone a chanceto see the remarkable picture theComet will open next Wednesday atten o'clock and run continuouslythroughout the day. On account ofthe expense incident to securing thepicture for this day only the price willbe ten cents. cGiven New Trial.Will Fraizer. a negro, who assaultedRose Reed at Georgetown, and whoseexecution had been fixed for May 5,has been given a new trial. Themotion was made upon the fact thatthe Sheriff who had the jury in chargepermitted them to separate on thenight of February 8, during the trial.Hemp Industry On the Decline.The dceline of hemp growing inKentucky has been remarkable in thelast few years and this year will showa greater decrease in the industry thanever. In 1909 the production in thiscountry was only about J 10,000,000pounds compared with 23,000,000 abouttwenty years ago, and with about150,000.000 pounds about fifty yearsago. Practically all of the Americancrop is gown in Kentucky, thoughsome is produced in California, Illinoisand Nebraska.Kentucky has always held a commanding position a3 a hemp growingstate, though there is little hemp produced outside of the counties of theBlue Grass region, and in some ofthese the crop has ceased to be "important. The statistic? indicate that theindustry is pasBing.'and at the rateat which it is declining the crop in afew more years will cease to be ofconsiderable quantity in Kentucky orelsewhere in the United States. Thedecline is due no doubtto the increasing popularity of other textile fibres.In lieu of hemp the Bluegrass farmers have taken to tobacco, and fromth amcuatTof trouble they have experienced with the tobacco questionthey appear to have been somewhatunfortuiate in.thtir selection of agubstituto. t "' ' " ."SPRING SUITS-9Mr. R. H. Swaffield, representing theSlobe vcii'loring Co.will make a display of the very latest fabricsin suitings at our stere onFebruary 16, 17 and 18Particular dressers are especially invited toinspect this line.i.Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW.":i)mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmp$$$c79 5irmiiiiniiiiiiiii'miiinim'iiiiiiiiiiiiiininiiiiiiniinniiniiiiniiiniiitiininniiiiiiniiiiinuiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiuiHimH API w1isisFRANK & CO:The Ladies' Store.Announce31Ready For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesINWhite GoodsGinghams .SheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviotsLinensSpecial Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin Underwear .Hamburgs and Laces-1 YOUR TRADE SOLICITEDteajfK """"""" ................... .....,p..... ITffyilIWtMlwiUlWHH1IIMiM fcBIKBMUMUtXSSSftftSI'"-3rrI.:nI:1-7i6Feo- PinnelJWins -No. 1121.There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theTfettleton Shoejwhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.TheTShpe'lVfaiTA Treat For AlClasses Who Smoke.The Crystal Ice CreamParlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff ofBALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto. es, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOCKS'LjLOWRY &m?-' -slrHCL4aW OMMMMJUMnm1 XESUulnT7!77UluJIBourbon LaundryD WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonB f sVsnjsHBBBBB ' ' W7'JLJBbbbS ir&HLzbHMbbbbIParis, Kentucky.Jrf THEv tM cWillams,KiiAn Idol Cigar in his jnoutk forhis own 'delectation, a few inhis pocket for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, all ye whoare fond of a goodj"smoko, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisOur Coffeewill tell you it is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will piove that ittastes even better than it sinel'sRich, golden brown in color,w-ith plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coffee fit fora king. Be good to yourselfand try a pound. "That "do not a .prison make'are no the kind we keep. Ou:locks, bolts, etc., are tiio kindthat stay locked and bolted.They are not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassume. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.TALBOTTm 3.Office Opp. Postof fice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,.B .B ,B ,B .m k. b. hfb. a. E-BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, ..FEB. .24,T " " .fTHE BOURBON NEWS..BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. -fEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 J 29 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and-similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAK,.00.PayableCHICAGO NEWS LETTER.Chicasgo, February 23 This i& theyear of the 17-year and of the )3 yearlocusts, those expected in the Chicagoterritory being the 13-yearlrace, whichwill cover the Mississippi valley, particularly its lower half. The famous17-year Lbrood will play their shrilldrums in the Eastern states. In 1898a very careful study of the 13-yearlocust was made by L. O. Howard,Chief of the LJ. S. Bureau of Entomology, and also by entomoloigsts ofseveral states including Illinois, Kentucky and Missouri. In a report justissued by the tfureau of EntomologyMr. Howard 'says: "The periodicalcicada when it appears in great -num-oers.naturally causes considerablealarm and fear for the safety of shadetrees and orchards. The actual damage, however, is usually slight exceptin the case of newly planted orchardsand even here, by vigorous pruningback after the cicada has disappearedmuch of the injury caused by the punctures can be obviated." For any onewho has intended to plant young trpesthis year, the following advice is givenfor protective measures: "Ordinaryrepellant substances, such a keroseneemulsion or carbolic acid solutions,seem to have very little effect in preventing the ovi-position of these insects. Some more recent experience,howeve indicates that trees thoroughly sprayed with Bordeaux mixture orlime wash are apt to be avoided by thecicada, especially if there aie othertrees or woods in the neighborhood onwhich they can oviposit. The mostreliable means of protecting nurseriesand young orchards is by collecting theinsects in bags or umbrellas from thetrees in early morning or late evening,when they are somewhat torpid. Suchcollections should be undertaken at thefirst appaerance of the cicada Jand repeatedeach day."How the South nominated Lincolnand other incidents not before chronicled of the memorable convention of1860 at Chicago were told before theHamilton club in Chicago by AddisonG. Procior, of St. Joseph, Mich., whois perhaps the only surviving memberof that historical session. Mr. Proctor, who at the age of 21 years was amember of the Kansas delegation tothe convention, depicted stormy sceneswhich .took place in the old BriggsHouse, headquarters for many of thed .legations. His relation of in3idedetails which proceeded the ballotingsurprised bis hearers when he declaredthat organization among the scatteredopposition to the nomination of WilliamII. Seward, of New York, and the ultimate selec i n of Lincoln wes broughtabout by a stormy address made by adelegate from the South, Cassius M.Clay, of Kentucky. "Wheu we askedGrpeley 'How about Mr. Lincoln,' saidMr. Proctor, he replied: 'While Mr.Lincoln is an adroit politician and astrong man in his own state, he lacksexperience in public affairs and in thepresent condition of the country whilewe are drifting toward a crisis, 1 donot believe fthe country will trust aman su lacking in experience in national affairs." The Seward faction'sstrength was weak, and at the criticalmoment there came Casius M. Clayand a party of thirty men of the fighting kind from fcorder states. "Theyimpressed me es merrmoved by a feeling of intense purpose. 'We are on theeve of a great civil war,' was aboutMr. Clay's first sentence 'The Southis preparing for war.' "More than a score of imposing skyscraper structures, involving an investment of upward of $50,000,000, areabout to be undertaken in Chicago,many ( f them this year, others asrapidly as plans can be prepared.Together these big projects, if theexpectations aro realized, will inaugurate a period of large building operations, one of the notable periods of thecity's constructive history. The newstructures, fireproof and repleta withmodern business facilities, will replaceold ouliidngs that are obsolete in design and of constrcution offering littleresistance against flames. Among thebuildings upon this program are one,and possibly two additions of the city'sgrjup of great Jretail store buildings,another costly link in the great chainof business blocks that line LaSaliestreet, a huge $4,000,000 structure onJackson boulevard to house the officesof insurance companies, three important bulidings on Michigan boulevardand othre structures at strategtic locations with the "loop."State Banks Slow.Many state banks and trust companies in this state have not made theirreport of office! a elected to the Secretary of State as is required by law,and Dr. Bruner is sending out lettersto all the delinquents calling attentionto the failure to report. The law requires that the directors of each bankshall file with the Secretary of Statethe namei of all the stockholders andthe officers of the bank. The law. requires that the. report be made inJaniaj7of,eirjrMr, -j..,-.,mmmmmmihmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimim- Editor and OwnerI SIX MONTHSin Advance$1.00Attractions at Lexington OperaHouse.THE FORTUNE HUNTER.With all-season runs in both NewYork and Chicago to its credit, Winchell Smith's delightful Americancomedy, "The Fortune Hunter," comesto the Lexington Opera House twonights only, beginning Friday evening,March 3, with a matinee Saturday.The advent of this widely acclaimedlittle play, with its happy combinationof laughter and tears, will be lookedforward to with impatience by alltheatre-gores who keep abreast of thetimes in things theatrical. Fred Niblowill be seen at the head of the excellent company presenting the comedyand in the title role of Nat. Duncanthis popular young author has addedre luster to his reputation as one ofAmerica's cleverest players.THE CHOCOLATE SOLDIER.Amusement seekers and music lovers are promised a time of rare delightin "The Chocolate Soldier," in theproduction of which Mr. F. C. Whitney is said tp have reached an enviablemaik as a producer of true comic opera. "The Chocolate Soldier" is announced for an engagement of onenight at the Lexington Opera House,Thursday, March 2. Oscar Straus isresponsible for the sccre and his musicmakes a popular appeal and is filledwith lilting melodies, delightful ensembles and swelling finales. Duringthe-long run of the piece in New Yorkand Chicago it had a larger proportionof the much talked about "tired business man" than any other theatricaloffering of the city, many of the patrons becoming regular visitors. Advance reports of the opera credit itwitn uemg very cJsp to the line of demarcation oetween rue comic operaand that of grand oprea classifications,requiring executant skill of directorship and unusual ability, and portrayalof thescore, and makes a greater demand for dramatic ability as well asvocal brilliance upon the prima donnarole than any other opera that can berecalled.A German Proveb.The 'iGujiiis that Ik'.,c most banilowest.$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is catarrh. Hall's Catarrh cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and' mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease, and givin the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faith inits curative powers that they offerOno Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by druggis'ss, 7oc.Take Hall's Family Pills for Constipation. Oi; T OnePain Pillf thenAw Take itTo get the best of BackacheGet a Box ofDr. Miles'Anii-Pa.in PillsOtherwise BackacheMay get the best of youNothing disturbs the humansystem more than pain whetherit be in the form of headache,backache, neuralgia, stomachacheor the pains peculiar to women.Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are astandard remedy for pain, audare praised by a great army" ofmen and women who have usedthem for years."A friend was down with LaGrippeand nearly crazed with awful backache.I eave her one Anti-Pain Pill and leftanother for her to take. They helpedher right away, and she says she willnever be without them again."Mrs. G. H. Wkbb, Austiabart, O.At all tfniMfits 28 dm 25 cnts.MILIt MIPICAL CO., Jrt111Not SistersNow asKl again you see two woarai passing-downthe street who look like sisters.You are astonished to learn that they arcmother and daughter, and you realize thata woman at forty or forty-five ought to beat her finest and fairest. Why isn't it so?The general health of woman is so intimately associated with the local healthof the essentially feminine organs thatthere can be no red cheeks and roundform where there is female weakness.Women who have suffered frontthis trouble have found promptrelief aad euro in the use of Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It gives vigor and vitality to tWorgans of womanhood. It clears the complexion, brightens theyes and reddesw the cheeks.No alcohol, or habit-forming drugs is contained in "Favorite PrescriptioaAny sick woman may consult Dr. Pierce by letter, free. Every letter tiheld as sacredly confidential, and answered in a plain envelope. Address:World's. Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R.V. Pierce Pres., Buffalo, N.Y.Does It PayTo Buy "Bad Coal?" No"Bad." Now tryBest the earth producesjnnsDodson & DentonPARIS. KY.&ii ' ii ' iWiiTifii rnOhas, 3. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed. . ,-Seed Oats. v.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.PARIS,Both 'Phones 14.n1 1 LUIUU 1I BARGAINSI DAILY60URIER-J0URNflLAt One-half PriceIf you will bring or send us your subscription duringthe month of February we will send youThe BourbonJNcwsONE YEARAND THEDaily Courier-JournalPour MonthsFor Only $2.25Or this paper ONE YEAR and DAILY COURIERJOURNAL Eight Months for $3.00.Subscriptions received at this price only duringthe month of February.TWState and National Campaigns are opening and you want to keep posted on politicalevents. Read the Courier-Jourdal editorials. AndMr. Watterson's letters from Europe will be interesting. Subscriptions orders under this offer mustNOT be tent to the Courier-Journal, but to us.;1THE BOURBON NEWS. Paris, Kyzjei taasmsammto)doubt you have tried theand every lump guaranteed."i" in rM i inim i inKENTUCKY.n$MJphiivv v.jt j-, yI. -zsj&Z3-7,,?2rE2Ear3-E"H--v-"- TT' -.tt ' " Tl' - -1"?1"'-.. .j:a-.; THE BOURBON -.NEWS.PAMS KENTUCKY, , i,:.l?U.-t1fkMHHNEW ORLEANSmb MOBILERDI GRAgSPECIAL REDUCED FARESTickets salt February 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 ui 27Ceetf Ittmrmimg mmtil Much lltfc, ftll, witk Privlltft tf IittailiaSTOP OVERS AT ALL PRINCIPAL POINTSFOR FULL PAITICULARS, CAU ON AHT TICKET AGENT. QUEEN ft CRESCENT ROUTE,H. C KINO.PMsencer an4 Ticket Agent.Ifll E. Main Street. Uxtorfoa, Ky.W. A. BECKLER,Oeaeral Paeeeafer Accnt.ltMe BwMiar. Ciaciaaatl, O.r:-r.:iluargoien s.w 1This shows the Sliding CordBack which makes Shirley President StKoenders the most com-H fectebte and durable.SHIRLEYPRESIDENT SUSPENDERSaf e necenary to your comfort for dress wear, business or hard work. After a few days' wear youwill wonder why you ever wore the ordinarykind.Made in three weights to suit all occupationand in extra lenfths for tall men.aoid by your dealers oe from factory at 50c.Signed Guarantee on every pairTHE C. A. EDGARTON MFG. CO.3 MAIN STREET, SHIRLEY, flASS.Lamb,Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.THE TWO, DETECTIVESBy WARREN GRANT FOXCopyright by American Press Association. 1911.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford3 OtLairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Re-ispectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.John White & CoLOUISVILLE, KY.Established 1837H ighesi market price paidZ FURSand HIDES."WOOLCCKMI3SI0EK?9kikCharles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Icholer4.ean, & u m w m.jm hillsaanlaaVaar1Margolen,LParis, Ky.JMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Offers hiB services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, IlealEatate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoffice will receive .prompt attention.Don't 'et this mostdestructive of allinfectious diseasesSet a "grip"your flock.A feu drops ofBOURBON POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, Limbcrncck, Roup and otherexisting forms of poultry disea&es, and putsfowls in prime condition for egg-laying.One 50c bottle makes 12 jjdllons of medicine.Eer poultry raider should keep a bottljf this msdiune on hand.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.octOaugJRnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Gents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and batisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phone G69Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our present handsome display of smartmillinery.AVe have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof "our securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Come Watson Baird.Fine Upholstering,Cabinet Repair Work,Mirrors Re-Silvered,Antique Furniture a SpecialtyC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, Opp. Windsor HotelHome 'Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.At Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronacre solicited.COME ON!Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Special WinterTourist TicketsVfAWe can do your JOBPRINTING of everydescriptionCards, Billheads, Circulars, Auction and Show Bills, Pamphlets.Law Blanks, Briefs, Blank Books.Labels at Reasonable PriceDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oflice .)14 Main Street.E. T 13C.On Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Oflice PhonesResidencel Home 130.E. T. 334.Home. 334.D"-A. B KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gP&rie, - - ... KentuckyLand Values in Bohemia.Land In Bohemia is becoming toodear for gracing purposes and evendairy -cattle are being disposed of bymany of the farmers in order that theymay use their lands for agiiculture.A King Who Left Home.set the world to talking, but PaulMathulka, of Buffalo, N. Y., says healways KEEPS AT HOME the Kingof all Laxatives Dr. King's NewLifeJPills andjthatthey are a blessingto all his famil3r. Cures constipation,headaches, indigestion, dyspepsia.Only 25 cents at Oberdoi f er's.OVER 66 YEARS'EXPERIENCESpecial Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest ; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. - ;For- rates,! routes j fcc. calLoVwrite "V. . T S 'H w J ll' jt I pJiTrade MarksDesignsCopyrights Ac.Anyone endlriff a sketch and description mayqulcUIy acertniu our opiuinn free whether aninvention is probably t uentble. CorawnRloathisRtrictlyeonll1Htlal. HAH0B90K oaPteuUsent f re. Oldest agency for aeearin? patents.Patents taken through Muim A Co. receivetftciolnottce, without charge, in the ' .,Scientific Htntricatt;AMndeomely UtntratM weekly. Tirreat-etr.cmMWhi of anyHScientiiK Journal; Torms. 3 art iar woiitMS, au bomdmi mwkmwwi.O.H'rlWWTBft.E&rsu, WMMPftioa, d, u rvmwI was sitting in a railway stationwaiting for a train. A man sat nearme, but I didn't look at him. All I remembered afterward was that he wasa man. Presently I turned and sawon the seat where he had been arectangular package. I looked aboutfor its owner, but could see no oliewho appeared to have missed it. Itook it up, not doubting for a momentthat the person who had Icief it wouldcome back for it. But although I remained there some time no one came.Then I opened the package, whichproved to be a box containing jewels.It "was plain to me that they were ofconsiderable alue.While I was looking at them twomen came up to me. Seeing them approach, I closed the bov, but they toldme to open it, and as soon as theysaw its contents congratulated eachother on finding, as they expressed it,the "Huntington jewels." They believed the story I told them of howI had come into their possession, "for,"they said, ."the man who has stolenthem would not be examining themin a public place." They had receivedorders to watch this station for thethief, and he, doubtless suspectingthat he would not be permitted toleave it without being searched, inorder to avoid being caught with theplunder on him had left it ou the seat."Let us act like friends met bychance," Raid one of them, "for thefellow Is doubtless watching us, bisintention belli? to shadow you andtrick you out of them."So I put the box In my pocket, and jthe two men went away. I lemaiueda few minutes longer, then left the station and went homo. I was quite sureI was followed not only by the thief,but 13' the two detectives, but whether the former knew anything abouttlje latter I did not know. I had notbeen at home ten minutes when thcicwas a ring at my dooibell and thedetectives entered"Well," said the spokesman, "I thinkwe may at once turn in the jewels.The thief doubtless has marked yourhouse and will try, either by diplo-maey or stealth, to get possession of jthorn. You'd better be prepared for!him tonight; he may bieak in to your JIioue and try to get them by foice."'Tin always piepaied for such'things" I replied, and. pulling out a1diawer fLOin a cabinet, 1 took up a six Ishooter.''Good for you," said one of the men."I don't think a 113- one bieaking into JI vour house will get much. Let mehave the jewels. I'll take them to the '' police station, am if you'll call tomor-'I nnv T il.itv nv vnu'll 1m naitl 21 liniul-some reward by the owner." J"All right," I replied, "but you must ,give me some evidence that you're au- ij thorized to leceive them."j "Authorized!" exclaimed the spokes- j1 man. "Wo have found you in possession of the pioperty, and it's our dutyto run you in with the jewels. Butyou've told so straight a story that wedon't wi'-h to inconvenience you. Ifyou don't give up the stolen goods-we'll have to take you along."Til go with you willingly," I said.Tor the first -time a suspicion cameto me that possibly these detectives might put me in a hole. WhenI said that I would go willingly theygave each other a look. It seemed tome that they didn't wish me to gowith them; they preferred to take thegems themselves. They went into another room for consultation. Thisproved to me conclusively that theywere not detectives, but very likely Jhad themselves stolen the jewels, thatthey had feared anest and had taken tthis method of getting their plunder .our. of the station. When they return-.ed I had slipped the revolver up my .sleeve. One of them stepped to thetelephone and called for a carriage.Now, if he had called for a policepatrol waeron I should hae knownthat ho was a bona fide officer. As itwas, I knew he wasn't; that they jAvere going to pretend to lake me in a ,carriage to a station, but leally to so-1cure the jewels on the way. ,'u hen the cariiage arrived I hadbacked into a corner. They told meto come with them, but instead of doing so I shouted "Hands up!'' and 1pointed my weapon toward them. Fortunately they were very near 'togetherand I could cover both at one time.One of them put his hands up at ouce.but the other made a moo of hishand to his hip. 1 shivered the handwith a bullet, and the bloody handwent up immediately. Then, backingto the telephone. I held both men fti Jposition while I called up the police.My twodeteetives weie in a bov. Icould kill them if they moved, and if4. they didn't make a move to get awaythey would go to the penitentiary. Butit was with them a choice betweendeath and piison, and they chose piison. In a few minutes a patrol wagondashed up to the house and severalpolicemen, carrying cocked revolvercame in."Hollo, Tom Dugau!" said the ser-j iceant in command. "Caught again!And you, Pete Miller! I thought youwere working the west."I had captured the Hunringtou jewels. But this wasn't all. The propertvwas worth a hundred 'thousand dolJars, and there wa a reward- offeredoften thousand.." This reward, with-1 bonua.'wAs pld me. for Fluid rtak-wlmmmmtm-Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!,'JniUfeJn retaining. them.0&&. KstfTRE J9B ReOfflS GPTHEBtfRBNNews1Are prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Xj x-t -"Let us figure with you,, onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest im-.proved Chandler & Price JobPresses come' around and see itwork.Our type is new. and modernfaces.the Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year forX$2.00-Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcUUWUUWuU7JuiXT ,- ra i.-s. .-,.JTr'r--THE BOURBON ' NEWS,' PAWS, KENTUCKY, FEB. 24, 1.911,-?Hi:Victory for Newspaper.9 The Court of Appeals, reversing thejidgnent of lb Powell court in thec of the Courier-Journal Companyagainst Phillips, and setting aside adamage judgment of $1,500 with instructions for peremptory instructionsfar defendant, says where a newspaperpublishes an article in good faith as anew item, relying upon its truth andthe evidence shows the article to havebaea substantially true, recovery forlibel cannot be had.Hardin is Nominated.The Democratic committee of theThirteenth judicial district composedof the counties of Boyle, Lincoln, Garrard and Mercer, met in Danville Tuseday afternoon and declared CharlesA. Hardin, of Harrodsburg, the nominee for Circuit Judge. He is the present .Commonwealth's Attorney and anumber of possible candidates are being mentioned to succeed him.wsa.yyyRyK.'K SSSS.KsHKSjKj&SJR 332laflRatealaapNKflaVWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESOld Kins VcVasa merry oi3 -ou!,A merry old soul was he.If alive io-day heWould burn our coalAnd even merrier he.Bum Our Coal andMerry.LUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOPTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FORXBeTEMPLINAmatiteRoofing.LUMBERImmense sum lor Highway.T. Coleman Dupont, formerly ofLouisville, who offered to advance$1,000,000 to the state of Delaware tobuild a highway the entire length ofthe State, has announced that he willput up $2,000,000 if necessary. iIr.Dupont will give 8100,000 outright tothe State's good road fund.Live Stock Market High.The live stock market has shownunusual actiity during the month ofFebruary, as evidenced by tne highprices obtaind at public sales .held byfarmers and by dealers in live stock.A scarcity of stock hogs prevailsand recent sales of shuats suitable forfollowing cattle were made at pricesranging from 9 to 10 cents per pound.Light to medium grades of stock arein active demand. W. H. Whaley, Jr.,one of the leading slock dealers of thecounty, has disposed of more than C00head of cattle during the month.Among some of the sale9 made byMr. Whaley were forty-eight head of920 pound stockers and feeders to J.T. Hughes, of Fayette, 25 head ofyearling cattle to Bell Brothres, 25head to Marston Brothers, 50 head offeeders to Hugh Ferguson, 20 head offancy Angus cattle toJHenry May, 40head of stockers to D. G. Taylor. 30head to G. V. Wyatt, 20 head to Mrs.S. B. Bishop & Sons, 30 head to J. E.Boardman, 6 head to Duke Jones and30 head to John Bropby.At the sale Wednesday of John C.Mnrria Violrl nn tho nromicoe nn thnI DO. I also buy and pay more money than any one ciay & Kiser pike, good prices wereMrty in Bourbon county forall kinds of Beef Hides, Horse Jgd T82P.f.'Stildes, Seeep SkinS and nirS.r tioneer, who conducted the sale. :BEEF HIDES. Until further'noticel! will pay you f ron, I Zl VSSj m7 1-2 Cents to OCentS per pound for your beef hides. I head: shoats. 59.33 per head and smallpigs, $z. to per iieaa; zou oarreis otjorn in crib brought $2.(55 per barrel ;loose hay, to $9 per ton; potatoes,from 60 to 75 cents per bushel. ? -Thefarm of 301 acres was bid to $90.20 peracre and withdrawn.SSjSKSSScSSXKXSSSXSSSSSKSXS...DID YOU KNOW...That I Buy A II Kids ofFEATHERS?Can He Play?..The Journal of Frankfort, HI., says:"Who? Skovgaard? My, how thatman car fiddle ! He just whispers tobis violin, and then it sings, or laughs,or cries, or talks, just as he tells it to.Such Bweetness and volume of tonesuch technique and such musical insight have rarely been combined in a"Boss" Cox Undtr Indictment.S George B. Cox, of.Cincinnati. president of the Cincinnati Trust Companyand a ReDublican colitician of nationwide 'fame was Tuesday Jndictud by Jthe Hamilton county, Ohio, grand juryin the charge of perjury.The indictment specifies that Coxot tneDECLARE THE -CUTOUT"'Representatives of the Fourteen ! fours.Doubtful Counties Met inLexington Mondaytestified before the crand juryplayer who- nas neen heard here. January, lauii term or court o.i iuruiiinstrument, and withal is such a or perquisites from any treasurer of j CALL ON BURLEY SOCIETY,pleasant, complaisant sort of a genius Hamilton county in respect of money ;that he can hardly fail to please. The vaid by banks for deposits ot countyprogram was ot a high grade musi- funds.' Executive Board Asked to Con-cally, yet was interspersed withenough material caclulated to pleasethe unmusical folks to keep everybodyhappy. In his encores, especially,Skovgaard was popular playing "Suanee River" and other old favorites inmost artistic style."Skovgaard will be heard in Paris atthe Public School Auditorium on theevening of Monday, February 27. Theconcert is given for the benefit of theMethodist church.The indictment of the grand j'jrycharges that he did receive from JohnII. Gibson, at that time county treasurer, the sum of $48,500, that beingpart or almost one-half of interestgratuities received by Gibson frombanks as interest on the 'county fundswhich he had deposited with them."An investigation leading up to theindictment was ordered when thegrand jury was impaneled theweek in January, and charged to in- ,vestigate alleged frauds in public1affairs. ICox's statement thatmotives caused hiscause his prosecutioncourt. Charges were preferred and hewill be prosecuted by a comrnitte ofthree attorneys. The announcementwas made by Judge Gorman, who alsointimated that a morning newspaperwas liable for contempt.siderPlan of the BurleyTobacco Society.Enjeyailt Affair.Onetif the mest enjoyable socialevents of the season was the mosiealentertainment given atthe Elks 'HallJ "Wednesday" evening bjr the Trouaa-aours. xne entertainment was largely attended and the high-class noaicalnumbers thoroughly enjoyed and appreiated by the audience. The feature of the evening's entertainmentwas the several vocal selections rendered by Miss Hope Seibert. MissSeibert besides being a handsome andattractive young woman possessesa voice of rare sweetness. At the conclusion of the high-class musical program dancing was indulged in.! STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESThe convention of the fifteen doubtful counties of the Burlej tobacco belt,which was called by Bradley Wilson,chairman of the Campaign Committeertf t-lm t-?utlat Tfthininft TTninr B19C nolifirst i - t ..:. u..4n.. n;.nA,n TViqconvention declared absolutely withoutreserve for a cut out Prominentmembers of the Burlev Tobaccopolitical Society presented a petition to theiHargis and Callahan Clash OverDebt.The Carlisle Advocate says: "Forrest Dalzell, E. C. Hawkins, KaymondYoung and J. J. Wilson shipped 23,000pounds of tobacco to Muysville lastSaturday by freight, the tobacco goingto the Farmers' Warehouse Co., whoare represented here by Jas. H. Collins, of near town."12v. B. b Reynolds sold 10.000indictment will Executive Board askinc that a meeting pounds of tobacco at the Shelbournefor contempt of J 0f the District Board of the Bocitey i Warehouse in Lexington Monday at anbe called to consider the cut-out move-. average of 9h cents."ment. It was reported that it may ac-, A movement is on foot in Carlislequiesce in the request that the matter, t estabHsh a ,oose lenf tobacco ware.be referred to the District board for house A number of prorninent citi--u-- xu ":, . c lL - t .... , zens are at the head ef theiiiib, me auvocates oi uiu cut uus,declare, will be a long step toward thesuccess of the plan,a3 they claim .thatthe rank and file of the Burley Society Carried Miniature Bar With Himeven more suonmv in iavor oi meMAX MUNICHW. Bghth St., Phone 374 Paris, Ky.Ed Callahan, former close friend ofthe late Judge James Hargis. ofJackson, during the days when JudgeHaigis was in the limelight because offeud troubles, was arrested Thursdaymorning by Chief of Police J. J.Reagan and Chief of Detectives Mal-colm Brown, in Lexington on !a peacewutrant sworn out by Alex Hargis,brother of Judge Hargis, cwho allegesthat Callahan has come tu him severaltimes in a threatening manner as aresult of a dispute over a debt whichhe claims Callahan owes him.The warrant was sworn out beforePolice Judge Butler Southgate shortlyafter the arrival of the Lexington andEastern train in Lexington yesterdaymorning and placed in the hands ofthe officers.The trouble which led to the issuingof the warrant occurred en the Lexington and Eastern t.ain that arrivedin Lexington yesterday morning. According to Senator Hargis, Callahan isin t'ebt to him and he has sued for asettlement on the bill, which amountsto $400.Callahan said he had not attackedSenator Harigs and that,while he owesthe flatter a note of 100 SenatorHargis owes him $1,050.Your Ideal.Do the right and your ideal of Itglows and perfects itself. Do thewrong and your ideal of it breaks upand vanishes. .Martineau.movement.which is being thoroughly agitated.arecut out than the independents, as thesociety's members have two crops, -includingtheir pool (3f 1909, to protectin prices, whilejthe independents haveonly one.The almost universal opinion expressed by these people is that thacut-out will be inaugurated, eitherwith or without the approval of theofficials of the Burley Society.One of the most significant featuresot the convention was the speech ofR. L, Barnett, Sate organizer theFarmers' Union of America, the secretorganization which is being formedamong the farmers and which Mr. Barnett stated had already 3,000,000 members in the Unittd States, has 25,000in Kentucky, and would within ninetydays have (50,000 members in the tobacco territory. He stated that threeorganizers are at work in the Burleyterritory and each was forming two tothree lodges a day. Mr Barnett stated that he saw no alternative for theBurley tobacco growers but a cut out.James Floyd was fined $30 and cotsand sent to the workhouse for seventyfive days on the charge of operating aportable saloon "in Danville. Whencaptured Floyd, it is said, carried alarge object resembling a suitcase.Upon opening the device, it proved tobe a miniature counter and in theirproper plices were several demijohnsof liquor and glasses for serving.Floyd had been operating his miniaturebar for some length of time.I vlf-1 HOMEusMAKE YOURTHECOSY HOME.WSSSSSSSSSSSSSS lih naBU iiUii ffinvhHi . ruff aWL LP b HMMP II!.,, ,,w.r$ rKgMk$i jL I1 j'llfWith the view of forcing the BurleyTobacco Society to take some definiteaction, either for or against the cutout of the 1911 Burley tobacco cropordered by th2 Burley Tobacco Union! in Lexington Monday, but in whichmovement the organization headed byPresident Clarence LcBus, has "so farrefused to join hands, petitions werestarted in the Burley district Tuesdayby prominent members of the old poolorganization demanding that the BurTey Tobacco Society make known itsattitude on the cut out.. It is expected that these petitions' will be ready for submission to theBurley Tobacco Society ..within the,j next ten days, and some action will!iweiy ne decided on at tne next meeting of the district board, which meetsin Lexington early in March, unless a, special meetnig is called in the mean- jtime to consider the situation.rollowing is a copy of the petition :"We, the undersigned pool men and,members of tlie Burley Tobacco So-'ciety, petition the Executive Board rfsaid Burley Tobacco Society to call ameeting of the entire State Board' composed of members from Kentucky,Ohio and Indiana, for the purpose-1of considering, in connection with themovements along this line a cut out ofthe 1911 crcp of tobacco."MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a Specialty ofHauling Tobacco.Up-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.Boys Get a WatchFree.Easy to do and costs you nothing.Send us your name and addressand we will send you twenty packages of post cards to be sold at toncents per package. When sold sendus the two dollars and we will forward you a gold plated watch freeand postpaid. Tiu waacch is notoy, but koeps good time, it isguaranteed lor a year.Welfare Company,0i." S. Wittenberg Ave..21feb-:;t Springfield, Ohio.At the headquarters of the Burley Tobacco Union Monday, the followingcommunication was received fromNorth Middletown:"North Middletown, February 17,1911. The Hon, Chairman Wilson: 1was a delegate from Montgomerycounty at your Hirst meeting and always said if it had been called for acut out it would have been a go !and Ii believe it yet. All you have got to dois 10 cfii it a cue our. it won't causeany more;trouble than if you don't,NOTICE TO CREDITORS.Just the cozy home that you have thought and planned so often. We've everifhing herethat will make your cozy home. Furniture everything for its complete furnishings Carpets,Rugs, Draperies, House furnishings, Stoves and Ranges. You want the little home, don't you?Then why not have it now? Your things are here, your prices are here, your terms are here,your cosy home is here.they.are already anamiting beds andI tearing them up close to me now. The .I majority don't want to raise and areanxious for a cut out, whilp. the others: willTgive up in time. .1 &! "JA'MES KENDALL.- "North Middletown, Ky.i 't"R. R. 1. Box 52. ' '," "P. S. 1 live on the Montgomery J, 3ide and think Montgomery did well." 'Ed. Kash PlaintiiLVs. Notice to Creditors.Ed. Fothergill, &c. - - Defendants.Ihe creditors of the firm of Rash &Fothergill are hereby notified to present their claims proven as rtquirea bylaw to the undersigned Master Onm-as t missioner Bourbon Court.All claims must be filed before nr hvMarch 15, 1911, or they wiW be barred.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.3t eotPublic Salelm cor.DININO TABLES$3.75 UP TO $32.50.JUST LIKE CUT, $ 1 5.00.Rockers of Newest Siyles69c up to $32.00.We are giving very lowprices on Rockers andDining Chairs for the nexttwo weeks.ress&Tv wi A news dispatch from Carlisle says:"That the tobacco crop of 1911 willJ not be cut out in Nicholas county was -made certain during the recent good '' weather, when hundreds of tooaccop ' plant beds were burned and sown inl i . r il . .various sections oi tne county by tnecrowres. The work of preparationf jr the crop has been temporarily stop-p;ja4uy tne severe weatner. it is certain, however, that the crop this-OF-CITY U8MHHwill not be of as largen former years.an acreage asI will sell puolicly on theyear I a 2:30 o'clock p. m., onpremises-Wednesday March 8, 1911,Rawn's Widow Sues for $175,000 my two' story brick residence situatedHSuitsIaggregating $1 75.000 were filed, ?.pl5!riierRnSL M,ainf ?nd S.ixtfnchagainst.ten: life insurance companies !!!:B,S?"c?"i,n.s s,x lar,g.eby Mrs. Florence Willis Rawn. widow w n?oof. tho late Ira G. Rawn. president of ! 5!raa"tels' 2 reception halls, kitchen,fh Mnnnn mirinnri nnri fnmo. n:.:"i bath room, 2 .large pantries, waterof the Illinois Central in the CircuitCojrt at Chicago Monday.The suits were filed to recover in....r!... nnllnipc im Pomn'a ri.ofk ,. ,3ir- A nti ufcst nnisneu ana most con-msnts on which are said to have' been f ve?ieK$ hofine m ParisuMthhul hPPausp nf e.iipwi ,!,. ;" A private sewer connectsthrmi t$r-i '", spouts, the Wtchen sink; bathRawn, it will be remembered,works and electric lights throughout.t cellar, front and back perches and twoamir ways, mwyinins in periect je-pair. The best finished and mostODD DRESSERS$8.75 up to $60.00.connected with the Louisville &ville rairload in this city andhere he built the foundation of hisrairload career.all downthe Htchen sinkT bath roomandjclosets. As good a cistern as was.ever used from. Thprn nrp nt hnnsniNasn- Pu u i -"!.""it WSJ UUB8 Jiuuae, tum nouse, poui-wasNash-A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.MAIN A THIRDCH AS. GREEN, MGR.COURTOPP. COURT HOUSEA MBMiaHiHi "' ' ' ii BwKmmmmmKmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmam mam:Base Ball Notes." Unlike many of the managers of ballteams in the Blue Grass League, A. L.Coleman, of Frankfort, will not tryout any men thi9 spring. He willvstartthe season with twelve good men. andLhopes to get through the season without asking any changes:" Pitcher-J. Cramer, ane ot the mostpromising twirler3 on the team at thtclose of th leaaon, state that he is inI good condition and racommwids three Ipiayers 10 antger uoiemau;try house, stable and poultry yard.ijjverytning convenient.Lot fronts on Main straet 114 1-4feet and on Sixteenth street 217 feetOne can sell two desirable buildinglota in the rear on Sixteeoth'streat andhave plenty of room left for yard -in-rear.This is a moBtJdawrable hutrac,beautifully situated on Main street,and in the best part of the city. Interurban and city car itop just in frontof-iha house. Come and see the placeif you ara interacted.LTERMS-LibfcaL. , .U. F. Kattoay, Amitipatjir- Jt1 ; T fdt:r'k?IfNTHE BOURBON; NEWS, PARIS, , KENTUCKY, FEB. 24, 1911,Vm BOURBON NEWS.FIRST, LAST, AND ALL THE TIMENOTICE.Shire & Fithian's annualreduction sale is now goingon. Great bargains in China,Brass, Leather Goods, Pictures, Art Ware, Umbrellas,etc. All reduced prices arepositively spot cash only.SHIRE & FITHIAN.Small Increase.Jne population of Elizabethtown,Ky., in 1910 a 2s 1,970. The pypuJaiioa in 1J was 1,801.FALCONER IS AnAGKEDTaken For Megibbon KimbroughAnd Is Assaulted Wm. BrightAnd His Daughter.PEACE WARRANT IS ISSUEDWarrants Against Baker andKimbrough Dismissed at theExamining Trial.Eggs! Eggs!If you want eggs call 297. Information seekers need not applv.C. P. COOK & CO.Nicholas Couple Married.uer Carey E. .Morgan yestreday at11 hor,itf united in marriage Mr. Harry Conway and Miss Lula Ted, both ofNicholas county.Stated Conclave.There will be a stated conclave of'-eur de Lion Commandery No. 26, K.T , on Friday, February 24 at 7 ptn., for work in Temple degree.Kenfuckian Killed in Wreck.Theodore Wheeler, of Maysville,Ky., was injured in the wreck on theSouthern Pacific in Nevada, Mondayt.jght.Land Withdrawn from Sale.1 he 293-acre tract of land on '.Jaclcsc.wn and ,Tarr tStation pike offeredjtsday by Mrs.;S. G. Claj was bid0 $118 per acre, was withdrawn.Holmes a Candidate.Judge Samuel Holmes, a prominentjitorney of Carlisle, is announced as1. cardidate for the Republican nomination for Railroad Commissioner intlfib district.Play to be Repeated.The play, "Farm Folks," that wasriven at the Shawhan church on lastSaturdaynight will be given at theHuddles Mills church on Saturdayevening, February 25, at eight o'clock.Admission 25 cents.As a climax to the sensational proceedings in the examining trials ofSmith Baker and Megibbon Kimbrough, charged with detaining awoman ygainst her will, which was upin the county courtYTuesday and whicnresulted in the dismissal of the warI rants against the accused, Judge D.ijray fauiconpr, one of the attorneysfor the defense, was attacked byMissKatherine Lee Bright, the principalwitness for the prosecution, and herfather, Wm. Bright, and before theycould be restrained Judge Faulconerwas scratched on the face by MissBright and Mr. Bright, who went tothe aid of hisdaughter, dealt him astunning blow on the ear.The trouble occurred at the intern rban station, where a large crowd 'aswaiting for the six o'clock interurhancar to Lexington and was the result ofmistaken identity, as both Miss Brightand her father took Judge Faulconerto be Megibbon Kimbrough. The traction depot was filled with Lexingtonpeople, who had been here as witnesses or spectators in th" trials, including Smith Baker and Megibbon Kimbrough. Miss Bright and her father enteredthe depot when the former seizedJudge Faulconer by the collar and iti3 alleged, said: "You dirty scoundrel,what didyjju lie on mo for? Kill himpapa," and at the same time clawedviciously at the face of Faulconer.Almost at the same moment he wasdealt a heavy blow on the right eixthat for a moment dazed him. Brightwas Eeized by spectators who inteferedand took charge of Miss Bright. BothBright and his daughter disclaimed anyintention of harming Judge Faulconerand expressed deep regret over theaffair.Chief of Police I. C. Elgin was present and promptly placed Bright underarrest. He was taken immediatelybefore Judge Denis Dundon and executed bond in tru sum of $100 for hisappearatnee for Trial on Friday Feb-ruary 24, C. J. Lancaster becoming hissurety, juage tfauiconer tnen sworeDundon and further proof was introdued. Kimbrough took the stand in bis ownJ behalf. He said he knew nothing ofthe planned trip to Fans until ne arrived at the piano store of HarryStcut in Lexington from which placehe had been called several times overthe telephone by Miss Bright and MissBerryman at his boarding house towhich he did norresDond and not untilhe was called up by Baker did heanswer agree to the meeting at me1 piano store. He denied any knowledge'of the walk taken (by the party, andI when Miss Bright refused to continuej he made no effort to detain hpr, saying1 thev would go on and see her later.1 Smith Baker, who was next on thestand, corroborated Kimbrough and de, tailed the trip to Paris and the incidents leading uu to the affair whichcaused his arrest. He said he askedBarbara Berryman if she and MissBright knew where they were goingand the object of the trip to which shereplied that they did. He said he didnot communicate the object of the tripto Kimbrough, and the latter havingno money he paid all of the expenses.Chief of Police Elgin then took thestand and said that on the night thetrouble occurrea Miss Bright did notdesire to place any charge against themen and to avoid notoriety asked thatthey be released,With the submission of the testimony as to what the four abspnt witnesses would testify to if present, thecase went 10 court without argumentand a verdict of dismissal was rendered. It is probable the matter will bebrought to the notice; of the nextgrand jury wheih meets in March.Yesterday the warrant againstBright charged with assaulting JudgeFaulconer was withdrawn at the instance of the latter. Bright willhowever be compelled to answer to thepeace warrant at the Novemler termof the Bourbon Circuit Court.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Louis Taylor is in a Cincinnati hospital for treatment,Frank Tiissler, son of Mr. andWrs. J. F. Trissler, is ill with pneumonia.Flpmingsburg, isand Mrs. HarryMiss Ciane, ofthe guest of Dr.Mathers.Miss Grace Donaldson has rantedthe reisdence of Mrs. Mary A. Patonon Mt. Airy avenue.Miss Nell Maruum was called toJackson Tuesday on account of illnessof her brother.Mr. and Mrs. Robert Baldwin willkave for their home in Virginia today,1 where they will locate permanently.Dr. L. Oberdorfer and daughter,Miss Henrietta, left Tuesday afternoonto attend the MaidiUp'tO'Date Shop.out a peace bond for Bright, which J. "Cff uuw"3'was made returnable on Monday, "ras! March 13, before the Bourbon Circuit Mr. C.'H. Carroll, of Nashville,Court and he executed bondin the sum District Commercial Agent for theof $200. Western Union Telegraph Company,, The trial of Kimbrough and Baker Was in the city yesterday.had attracted a goon deal 01 attentionKus Corbin's barber shop is the mostup-to-date. The Hot Towel Sterilizer 1is the only one in the city.a call.Annual Dinner.and the Circuit Court room was'packedbefore the hour appointed for the trialto becin. Considerable difficulty wasGive him 1 experienced when .Judge Dundon cou24 4t j vened court in getting the crowd seated. All the chairs were occupied andWith the exception of Squires J.Barlow, Omer B. Lloyd and W.j many spectators were compelled tom stand in the rear of the room to wit-,,' ness the proceedings. SeveraSquires the members of the Bowboi ftKFiscal Court were entertained at the ? ?,".th!f.;it.?"!? V'leaL.the ,CJ "rt ! attendinruuiu iui uuiuuisi ui ii-jiiu uuu uitJcrowdjwas admonished that order mustbe maintained.After the call of the witnesses itwas found that four, considered of theThe social at Elks' Hall on Tuesday evening given by the Catholicladies was a very successful alfau andthe ladies wish to thank all who sogenerously assisted them.The Danville Messenger pays:"Mrs. Harry B. Clay, of Paris, hasbeen visitintr her daughter and niece.times . Misses T Francis Clay and Maryin Danville, where they areng college."County t Infirmary yesterday by Mr.and Mrs. Ed fcSpsakes at the annualdinner. Yesterday afternoon thosewho were present inspected the countyfarm.County Court Orders.In the County'Court Tyesterday Attorney D. D. Cline was appointed andReceives Promotion.The Richmond Climax 'says: "Mr.iY. L. Kellar, who has been frf-ightclerk at the L. & N. frieght depot forHeme time under agent Ruckker, hasbeen promoted to the poistion of nightticket agent at Paris and Mr. M. W.Witt, who has been in the dispatchersutmost importance to the defence, were 'qualified as guardian of Vibcher,missing, among them being Miss Frances and Mai tha Settle and EthelUiay. Attorney w. jj. iruerytsaroara tserryman. a motion wasmade for a continance to which theprosecution objected upon the groundthat there was no reason set forth inthe affidavit filed when the case wascalled for trial on February 18,2towarrant another continuance and inArdsry wasas guardianW. B.appointed and qualifiedof Julius Herrick, Jr.An order was entered appointing H.S. Cay wood, H. S. Redmon, J. A.Gilkey, T. J. Judy and George Wilson as trustees of the town ot Northconsideration of that part of the affi- Middletown, to serve until their suc-? rr denohas succeed-jdavit in regard to whatMiss Berryman cessors are elected and qualifyd Mr. Kellar. These changesnto effect on the loth."wentwould testify to as to become a part , 1.of the testimony the defense anwseredready.Judge Faulconer, as attorney forSmith Baker, insisted that his client ,was entitled to a separate trial towhich the Commonwealth elected to 'tiy Baket first. jMiss Kathernie Lee Bright took thestand and unaffected in the least old4-Wii c?fo. rf Vint" QnnnQinfanfla iiitftiLnd extends through to High street atj Ki b h how he advised her ab to ,n equal breadth. The West street iu i e v j.,f o,i iwi ?I iiiw u. V ww...v ...... ...... U.-.UJI Jacted in a gentlemanly manner toward ,j her. She also told of her acquaintance, with Barbara Berryman, whom she had' known for severaPmonthsand having' met Smitn Baker on the Saturday be-1City Property Sold.Auctioneer George D. Speakes soldyesterday at public auction for Mr. J.I. Ritihey his residence on SouthMain street to Mrs. Sam Mackey for55,000. The residence is of brick and:he lot fronts GG feet on Main streetWanted to Rent.Sorne'corn'land close to town."rr ':. WALTER CLARK.PUBLIC RENTINGproperty of Mr. Ritchey wasMr. James Moreland for $780.sold toC3&2T'orDESIRABLE:Burley Society Wins Suit.The Burly Society of Campbellcounty won a victory Wednesday inthe Campbell Circuit Court at Alexandria, Ky., in the case of the Societyagainst Charles Pearson and WilliamReed, who violated the agreement topool their tobacco.The Society alleged that the defendants sold their tobacco, a violation ofthe contract, and refused to give 20per cent of the amount to the society.Suit was brought to recover this.which amounted to $79.40. Each ofthe defendants, according to the verdict of the jury, will pay 39.70.LISTEN.Get my prices before youbuy your Furniture, Carpets,Mattings, Wall Paper orRugs. I save you money.J. T. HINTON.ft IBgrl IClBOX OFFICBffijlniifll lllllllA small part ofthe money you spendfor flcctiug: pleasures andamusements will secure foryou the lasting: enjoyment ofthe Victor. x- The world's greatest bands,orchestras and- soloists provide their best for your entertainment. Get a Victor today. Pricesrange from $10 to $100 for a Victor,$125 to $250 for a Victor- Victrola,and we'll make easy tsnns to suit.Daugbtrty BrosINEVERHave wc had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautiful inFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized Poulards,Madras, Lawns,White Goods, x . -Embroideries,Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.W. Ed. Tucker.IFEESCut RateCashSpecials11s:ILARDin-Ideal Brand, absolutely pure lard, Governmentspected; down goes the price for this week, 12 l-2e pound.OATSPremier Brand, the besfoats, packed 4 ouncesmorethanany other package, 8 l-3c box.FLOURDown goes the price. Purity Brand, the best flourmade.tFor this'week, perhundred, 2.75.BROOMSBest broom ever sold in this town for theMade of best quality broom straw, 4 sewed, 25c.price.m MacImpfore the trip to Paris was made.Miss Bright related in detailstory of their arrival in ParistheDudiev Sale.Auctioneer Geoige D. Speakes reports the sale of Mr. E. S. Dudley atHutchison yesterday as follows:Horses. S100 to S225: cows. S52 to S62:mules, $135 to 185 ; brood sows, $35 their short stay at tp b ordham Hotelto $52: sheen, $(?.2o to $7.25 per head; and of the walk later that led to thei-orn, $2.50 per barrel in the field ;' corner of Sycamcre and Peai streetschickens, 55 cents each. Farming where she refused to continue on theimplements sold low. Good crowd in j walk and breaking away ran to theattendance. j store of the Link Grocery Company.On being cross examined by JudgeFaulconer she admitted having dinedBourbon County farm.Day Letter Service Also.An announcement of a day letterservice to correspond with the nightletter service and to be inaugurated bvthe Western Union Telegraph Company on March 1, haa been made. Itis announced that the ratrsday letter will be one and onetimes the night letter rate for fiftywords, plus 01 e fifth the in'tialcharges for each ten words in excessof fifty words. Code words will not beaccepted at tl ese rates.An order to this effect has beenccived at the local office by ManaJ. R. McDeimott.at the Phoenix Hotel and other placesin Lexington with young men fbut .denied that she had taken trollevbuggy rides with men 01 that anyever asked her to leave LexingtonI will rent at public auction to theand ' lnghe t and best bidder, at 11:30 o'clocka. m., at the courthouse door m Fans,Ky., on court day,MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1911,my farm of about 122 acres (excepting18 acres already under lease right ofingress and egress to which is reserved)leaving about 104 acres; subject to survey. About one-half of land for cultivation, of which nearlv thirtv acres isor J already plowed. Possession givenhad ' about March lo.The farm is desirably situated on thePartolman SFred Link was then Georgetown piKe, one mne west oifor the ' placed on the stand and said he had I Pans, Ky. lias thereon a two-storyhalf nlaced Baker and Kimbrough under ! brick residence ot 12 rooms, 4 halls,arrest at the interurban station and large presses, cellars, closets, etc.;had taken them to his father's Kiocery two-room servants house; roomy stableon Eighth street where after an Winter- suitable for -horse or stock, or dairy' view with Chief of Police Elgin they (purposes; 2 carriage houses, etc.; cis-. were permitted to return to Lexington tern; springs; pools; creek.'Miss Cora Link, who was in her Large door yard; big garden; orchard;i father's storn, testified as to the con-1 flower pit, etc.oil ion of Miss bright when she entered j Other details will be known to prosthe store, saying she was vrey nervous j pectivebidders on application to underand excited. She said she was sobbing signed. . ....anrl Pollnr s d under the nervous strain. Prospective bidders are invited to in-rarmersand fruit growers of Mis' Here the Commonwealth rested and , spect the premises.section express the belief that the J anon motcn of Judge Faulconer thatfruit crop has not been injured by the J the moot failed to connect Baker withre-erFruit Crop Not Injured.recent heavy sleet, !as the buds theysay, "were not sufficiently advanced tobe materially affected by the freeze.The greatest damage was to thetrees- themselves, many of which werebroken down completely or in manyinstances stripped of their limbs.In this respect numerous orchards, notto say anything ot he scattered fruittrees in yards suffered greatly.If the old saying that a heavy sleetirsures a good fruit year holds good.Antral Kentucky will not -experiencedearth -of fruit tkRyetr.irwo rooms on secona rioorreserved by undersigned forwill bestoringtUt. Primp nf detaininfir a woman lurniture, wirn ngnt reseivect oi m-against her will. Judge Oundon sus-jgress and egress to same.tained the motion and dismissed the ( TERMS Cash, or its equivalent ap-warrant. proved note, negotiable in bank, bear-Tue trial or Kiraorougn was tnen i mg interest at o per cent, per annumfrom date until paid.Right reserved to reject any or allbids.BRUCE MILLER,Paris, ICy., ei'her phone.ISprmCarpets,; Designs In1RugsLace Curtains,Linoleums MattingsWall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent PriceCentral Kentucky.A Specially Good HandVacuumCleaner99ms j Amm-To introduce this cleaner Iwill make a special price of$7.50For Ten Dayswasentered into, the testimony of MissBright being the same in chief as thatagainst Baker. The evidence of theother witnesses in the trial of Bakerwas taken as a part of the Kimbrouxhtrial and. a'motion was made for thedismissal of the warrant against Kimbrcjigh after the Cammon wealth rest4, ..which wi oyerrultd by JudgeGeorge D. Sncalce-,M. F. Kenney,Auctioned s.IFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 3(5. Night anci Sunday Thones, W. O. Hiriton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286.J. T. HINTON.1tXI1i1 V --J- - "Av-i -THE BQURBONy NEWS, PARIS;. KENTUCKYfFm- 1911.- .AI1 fc1MiritIHave Ton Tried It?There is a bottle of Cardui waiting for you at thedrug store. Have you tried it?If not, we urge you to do so, before your troublesKve obtained such a hold on you, that nothing will drive5m out.Even now, it may be nearly too late. But try it anyhow. If anything can help you, Cardui will. It has helpedin thousands of cases, where other medicines had beentried in vain. Why should it not do the same for you?CARDUIThe RewardShe Received For Bringing Washington Information3y MAY C. ETHEREDGECopyright by American Press Association 1911.J45The Woman's Tonic"My daughter, Octava, would have been in her gravetoday, had it not been for that fine medicine, Cardui,"writes Mrs. Laura Lawrence, of Drennon Springs, Ky."Nothing I tried helped my daughter, until she hadtaken Cardui. I had sent for the doctor, when I thoughtof your medicine and got a $1 bottle. When she hadtaken four doses she became all right I often recommendCardui to my friends."Your druggist sells Cardui with full instructions for useon the bottle.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Cbattanoora Medicine Co., Chaitanoca. Tcsa,tKSMcial Instructions, aodft-pace book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free.Motor Too Quiet-Arrested.iThe Famous i?5jSJGives the Best Light at Any PriceWhen you pay more tharTthe Rayoprice for a lamp, you are paying for extradecorations that cannot add to the qualityof the light. You can't pay for a betterlight, becauselhere is none. An oil lighthas the least effect on the human eye, andthe Rayo Lamp is the best oil lamp made,though low in price. You can pay $5, $10,or $20 for some other lamp, and althoughvou pet a more costlv lamrj. Vou can'tget a better light than the white, mellow,diffused, unflickering light of the lowpriced Rayo.Has & strong, durable shade-holder. This seteon's burner adds to the strength and appearance.Made of solid brass, nickeled, and easily polished.Once a Rayo User, Always OneTkdtrs EvtryvUrt. Inct t yours, wilt for dtscrlftlvt icircular to tkt ntartst agtncj of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporate).BBvNfdaiBSvDon't Forget Great ClearanceSale Few Days Longer.Greatest Bargains you ever heard of in Hamburgs, Whitegoods, Laces, Percales, .Dressgoods,SHks, Cottons and Calicos.Special Bulletin 500 pairs Ladies'white foot hose 8 1 -3 c pair.Big bargains in Ladies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts, Coats, Shoes and Millinery.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!VDon't Forgtft theCash Raising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin BrosClothing and Shoe Department. -Harry Simon's Old Stand.vWbeu Washington was at Cambridgein command of the patriot army holding the British shut up in Boston itwas his object to capture them if hecould, if not to force them out. Hesent a spy into the city to learn oftheir strength and condition.The young man selected for thiswork was Joel Armstrong, twentytwo j'ears old, who a few days beforei had left Boston to join the army at! Cambridge on the eve of his betrothal, to Sally Perkins.i Washington instructed him to dis, cover just what supplies and ammunli tion the British possessed. The general knew the numbers and armament.It is not far from Cambridge to Bos, ton; indeed, they are now one city.Joel had no need to fear being taken incitizen's dress, for he bad no uniform.He had always lived in Boston andknew all routes between it and its environs. He went through in the night,and in the morning when Sally hadjust lighted the fire in the kitchen andwas swinging the crane bearing thepot to boil the water he walked in,and they were locked in each other'sarms,j There was no great danger to Joelin going about the city so long as he! was not liable to be caught with ini formation on his person. The Ameri! can army was considered by the Brit! ish rather as a rabble than an organized force, and transitory at that,j Joel collected all the information hewanted from patriot citizens who knewI very well how General Howe was situ-aled. , But he did not dare trust toj his memory. Besides, certain citizenswere desirous of sending comraunicar' tions to Washington informing him of! various matters important for him toknow. Joel took all these letters andpapers to Sally and asked her to sewthem in the lining of his coat.i Now, it so happened that a Britishsoldier whom Joel had known and hadj told that he was going to Cambridge to' fiuht against the tyrant king sawJoel walking past Faneuil hall. Thissoldier saw the 3oung patriot go intothe house where Sally Perkins livedI and told his captain of the circumI stances. The captain told his colonel,, and a guard was sent to the house to, prevent Joel's going back to the American army, lest he carry information.It so happened that Sally was sew. iug the papers in Joel's coat when,! looking out through a. window fromi which she could see some distance1 down the street, she spied a squad ofi soldiers coining, the officer making inquiries as he came. She also saw acitizen point to her home. Quick as' a flash she inferred that Joel was indanger. Pulling a huge chest outfrom under a bed, she put her loverintr nl dmi'ml if linM.- n fllA 5nl-i diers stopped before the house andsurrounded it. An officer walked inwithout knocking and found Sally ather spinning wheel.Joel was not discovered, but theguard remained outside on watch sothat if he were still there he couldnot leave. Sally told Joel of the situation, aud he was much chagrined thathe could not deliver the informationJ lie possessed to Gener.sl Washington.' "I suppose 1 shall have to burn it' all," he said."How would it do for me to take it:"Sally asked."Do you think you could?""Of course."So Joel transferred the papers toSally, who concealed them about herj person and walked out of the houseI in face of the guard. The oflicerI looked dubious about letting her go,I since he had received orders to permitI no one to leave the house. But Sally! paid no attention to him, though herI heart was beating like a trip hammer.' Sally, fearing she might be followed,I went among the shops making purchases. She saw a redcoat following' her, but managed to elude him. When1 it was quite dark she started for Cambridge, keeping to the fields. Findinga boat on the Charles river, she ap' propria ted it and, rowing across, wastaken in by an American sentry. SheI osked to be conducted to the com" inander in chief.' Washington was conferring withpeople who called to see him on inj numerable subjects when a sentry anI nouueed Sally Perkins."What can I do for you, MistressPerkins?'' asked the general.J "Nothing, general. I am doing soinething for you. You sent Joel Armstrong, a soldier in your army, to" Boston for information. He is shut up! there aud canuot leave for the redcoats who are watching the house.Here is what he collected for you."j The general's face lighted at seeing! the papers. He took them and, havingi glanced at them, said:"We are under obligations to you,Mistress Perkins, for these papers, iwhich are of great value to us. Whatfan I do in recognition of our approbation of your heroic act? Is thereinything I can give you?" ."Yes, general, a kiss. I would like)o be able to say that I have kissed Ithe commander in chief." jWashington, though he was oldenough to be the girl's father, coloredslightly, ne was so dignified as wellas modest that this reward given before a dozen persons was a great trialto him. He submitted to be kissed onthe ckeek by the girl, then said:"Now "that this worthless rewardhas been gives you. must ge and havesomething of valuta 'upper. V'fc Joel ArautWttg remained-hidden; til IBotlog ira cTaewited. Y-i5 J ".-.The 1911 season has unquestionably accomplished much inthe way of quiet running motors. An unusual and ratheramusing incident of this was recently given in Los Angeles.J. B. Morrow, who owns an Inter-State, left the car alongsidethe sidewalk, thinking he had shut off the motor. A shortcircuit, however, kept the engine running, but so quietly thatMorrow did not detect it. A number of the Los Angeles policeforce coming up the sidewalk also thought the motor dead, andin order to grab a moments repose leaned up against the car'shood. He then detected a slight vibration, made investigation,and found the motor running most industriously. He arrested,Morrow for leaving the engine running for over a half hour onthe street. From the San Francisco Bulletin.Cr.&t-V8Bourbon Oarage and Supply Co.Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association Thinkof it. How the merit of a good thingstands out in that time or the worthlessness of a bad thing. So there isno guesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss, of Concord, Mich., who writes:"I have used Dr. King's Few Discovery for thirty years, and it is the bestcough and cold cure I ever used."Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It is the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hayfever, croup, quinsy or sorelungs. Price 50 cents and $1.00Trial bottle free. Guaranteed byOberdorfer.Bleaching Ivory.Ivory may be bleached in a bath ofunslacked lime, bran and water, afterwhich it bhould be rubbed with a drysawdust.Different Standpoints.We Judge ourselves by what wefeel capable of doing, while othersJudge us by what we have alreadydone.Hours to Remember.The hours I remember most joyfully are the hours in which some unselfish effort or sacrifice stirred theBlnggish pulses of my heart J. Baldwin Brown.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Erlvcs cut blood poison in anystaiu permanently, without deadlymeicuiy, . ilh pure Botanical ingredenti. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All bympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiiie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand freeTl medical advice given.Sold by Varden.& Son., 11 . r i. IBaldwin racking Lo., j"The Model Packing Plant," IRespectfully solicits your patronage. wjAll pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.. For sale by all first-class grocersanddealers.' mBaldwin Packing Co. IIParis, Kentucky.IIISALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-Class3V 0 3XT XT HE E3 3XT T SWe are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in everv particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and granite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all onaccount of our enforced removal.Wm. Mams & Son42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIMBIIBoth PhonesmHjSTOVES 2rffoS!Endures for AgesiBanaaiiiHaHMaaBiiaSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like finenessand with only a fraction of 1 percent magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechkm No. 38Then keep on instating until yourdealer supplies .Superior.Uiwom Trit BmJMmht. Ciywailii. Ofcis.Justus ColKasvlSWrfftt' mmmmmmimmmmmKummmtf'We are Still felling the Same Line None Better ThranMleableRange!And CertainlyZNone Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedJStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.6iv Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street,Pari, Ky.1-;-zlKiS.itl-rsraHlTME; ! BOyiaQNNgWS, ?Jf KENTON, Ftt, 24X911..- ? ?:? V--"" 'P!tll'jirJ'.saAti5'--.'i-.. ,r "- - -r-- " - -- - "?L. & N, TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT FEB. 2, 1910. AT 11:59 P. M.No.3113172910403731233262513S3353DS30321431Treiins .A-rrrveFR03IAtlanta, Ga., Daily - 5 26 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.23 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.28 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.25 amRowland, H.y., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9.40 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05.amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.05 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 amLexington, KjT., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 3.10 pmaiaysvuie, ivy., uauy liixcepu ounuay . io pm7 '" Wfiylhe" iiit-Her Job:A lady of my acquaintance lu Tokyo,says a writer In the World-Wide Maguziue, possessed a valuable servant ofsomewhat mature years who rejoicedin the poetic name of Oharu San"The Honorable Miss Spring."One day Miss Spring brought inluncheon as usual. All seemed serene;there was not a shadow of a cloud inthe domestic sky. But at teatime notea appeared; neither, in answer tocalls at iirst patient and afterwardimpatient, did Oharu. After awhilethe lady wont herself to the back regions and found desolation. The charcoal box was filled with gray ashes,the kettle cold. Half the luncheonplates lay immersed in a bowl ofsoapy water; the other half stood onthe sink ready to be put away. Oharuherself simply was not.The next morning, however, she reappeared, very much on her compauymanners, with a clean kimono and herhair done In a shining bun to denotetho state of a matron, demanding thefragment of wages due to her since thebeginning of the month. The lady expostulated and asked why the servantwas leaving thus suddenly."Oh," replied Oharu, "just as I waswashiug the plates yesterday I remembered that Saito San, the pawnbroker,wanted a wife. Therefore 1 went outand married 'him."ijs-A Great BattlePainterHow He Got His StartBy GERALD L. PERKINSCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.Unjustly Accused.Andrew Carnegie, wlien talkingabout the-Scotch dialect once, said:"Scotch dialect is a lingo hard to understand, and it often causes awkwardmistakes. Once an American divinespent Christmas in a highland inn. OnLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Dailv 13.25 rmMaysville, Ky. , Daily 5.40 pm Christmas morning he gave the maidCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm 1 n tip of a sovereigu, and he said, lookLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.21)am(ing earnestly at her, for she was aLexington, Ky., Daily 6 2o pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 27 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pmTrains IDe-peirtJNo. J TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily.. 5.33 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - 5.35 am11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.35 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday " 8.20 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky. , Daily 1 . ').44 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily . 9.46 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 amMaysville, K., Daily , 11.52 amC3nthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-. 3.30 pm55 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.35 pmfi Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.32 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6.35 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily! Except Sunday ....: 0.35 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.45 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.48 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pm401029S73312352525arepretty maid:"'Do you know, Kathleen, youa very good looking lassie?'"Of course Kathleen was pleased,but, being modest, she blushed like arose and answered:" 'Ah, na! Ah, na! But my kissing,sir, is beautiful!'"The divine frowned." 'Leave the room, you wickedyoung baggage!' he said sternly."lie didn't know, you see, that modest Kathleen had been simply praisingin her highland dialect the superiorcharms of her cousin Janet of Peebles."CO138303131M IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains -A.rr.rveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda . . . . 8.15am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.50 pmr S Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.22 pmIfi2 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunda' Only 10. 10 pmTrains IDe;pa,rtNo. TO101 Frankfort"& Louisville, Sunday Only . 7.C0 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sundaj . 7.35 am1 Frankfort. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.45 am3 F ankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday 5.55 amPhilosophic Tea.The famous Adam Smith had all theproverbial absentmindeduess of thephilosopher. An amusing story of himis told in Mr. Fyvic's book, "NobleDames and Notable Men of the Georgian Era." "Mr. Damcr, it appears,called one morning upon the Scottishphilosopher just as he was preparinghis breakfast. As they talked thelearned man took a piece of bread andbutter in his baud and, after rollingit round and round, popped it into histeapot and poured the boiling waterupon it. Darner watched with quietamusement without drawing attentionto this peculiar proceeding, and presently he had his reward, for whenAdam Smith poured himself .out a cupof this queer decoction and tasted itho quite innocently remarked to hisvisitor that it was the worst tea hehad ever met with."East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atPari, Milierburg,3 North Middletown, Littlef Rock and' Ruddles Mills.Whenrvou have EastHAVE telephone service.Tennessee servicej jyouThe East Tennessee Telephone CoNot Stealing.David Belasco delicately dissected a'certain playwright one evening at adinner given hy the former to some ofhis friends of the theatrical profession.This playwright is successful and produces many plays, but, it is admitted,owes nearly all his best ideas to others. "One night the playwright imaginedthat he heard a noise in hio house,"said Mr. Belasco. "He lighted a lamp,went downstairs, searched his library,parlor, dining room and kitchen, thenwent to the butler's pantry and therediscovered a masked man kneelingover the chest of silverware." Aha!' said he huskily. 'Stealing?'" 'Oh, no replied the burglar calmly. Tm only adapting.' " -Time to Make a Change.Sir William Phips was appointedgovernor in chief of the province ofMassachusetts Bay in 1G02. Duringhis administration the terrible waragainst witchcraft raged for some sixteen months. When his own wife,Lady Phips, was named as having exercised the powers of witchcraft Sir'William began to view this whole terrible madness in a new light, and heput a stop to all trials and dischargedthe prisoners then awaiting trial.IncorporatedHave Yon Any S Dlflfir INNFRIIN LINED MANTLEMantle lronmes; PAtcntco-rccistcrcolanafia. outlet six ordinary maatle. Will I ve 75ft on your mantle expense. TWO COMPLE1GAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE, 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covers from 12 BlxVy-tal-ty Mantles the best 10 and 15-ceat grade of mantles sold take them to your dealer,PL send them to us. and get a Block Inaerlin Lined Mantle free.For sale at Hardware. Chwa, PlKnf, Dm. Grocery, aad Department Slorei. Dcalciwrite for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO.,s.ieMfrs.)Yoimgtown,OhiHeadquarters for hcaadesceat Maatle, lumen and Supplies of erciyd cripticm, Gas. Ga li . Kf , e frwwre, etc-sbsBbSebSS'Tho Way It Happened.Brother Lobstock How did yo' allgot yo' nose busted? Brother Tump1 done slipped down au' plumb lit onmy back. Brother Lobstock But,name o' goodness, salf, jo' nose isn'tlocated on yo' back! Brother TumpNo, gab, an' needer -was BrudderWack. Puck.Ambiguous."Why did you spend so much moneyon your wife's funeral?'' asked a manuf a neighbor."Ah, sir," was the reply, "she wouldliave done as much for me and more,Coo, with pleasure."KJSincerity.Be resolutely and faithfully what youare; be humbly what you aspire to be.Man's noblest gift to man is his sincerity, for it embraces his integrityalso. Thoreau.GEO. W. DAVISFDNEBiL DIRECTO. AND LICENSED E1BALMER.BOTH 'PHONES-DAY 1S7; NIGHT 299.-. yCf ST St.Too Busy For Repentance.Singleton Do you believe in the oldadage about marriage in haste and repent at leisure? Wedderly No, I don'tAfter a man marries he has no leisure.Smart Set.-"V;"'.' 5- "V """" - r iIf e gare assistance to each otherno one would- be ia want of fortune..Mcnander. - -- - ,. ---S'--'. .LThe battle of Gravelotte had beenfought; a smoke mist still hung overthe field, though in the gathering darkness it was gradually becoming imperceptible. A man carrying a "portfolio and paraphernalia necessary tosketching left the field and, makinghis way to a hut on a hill overlookingthe scene of the engagement that hadoccurred that day between the Frenchand the Prussians, entered the hutand asked if he might have some supper. "Certainly, monsieur.'' said a womanwho was there, "but we can give youvery little. The soldiers of both armies have taken all wo have except afew bits that we hid in the cellar.Come, Fanchette, bestir yourself andset the table!"The table was set and the supper putupon it. The stranger sat down, andFanchette poured into his glass someof the cheap wine of the country. Shewas between seventeen and eighteenyears old, a simple French maid whohad no secrets from any one in theworld.'You wear a sad look, Fanchette,"said the stranger. "Is it from seeingthe slaughter today?"4,Xo, monsieur. I did not look thatway.""Well, then, tell me what troublesyou.""Jt is this, monsieur. Antoine Brisson went out azong the fighting andreceived a wound. He is lying nowin the next room.""lie is your brother?""Xo, monsieur.""Well, then,, he is your lover?"To this the only reply was eyes casfupon the floor."What was he doing out therefighting?""Xo, monsieur; he has not yet become a conscript. Lie will not be thoage for a mouth.""Well, then, what business had heon a battlefield?'"Sketching!""Sketching? That's what I was doing there. When I have finished mysupper I will go in and see him."The stranger chatted on with the girland easily gleaned from her that sheand Antoine could not many becauseshe had no dot. After having suppedand smoked a pipe the artist went intothe room where Antoine was lying.The boy had received a flesh wound,but not of sufficient importance to endanger his life."So you were making sketches of thelight?" said the artist. "That is mybusiness. I have been drawing for oneof the Paris illustrated papers. Letme see what you have done."Fanchette took an improvised portfolio that she had made for her loverof two pieces of pasteboard laced together with a string and brought it tothe artist. There were blood stains onit, but he did not mind that. He hadseen plenty of blood that day. Heopened the portfolio, took out whatthere was in it five or six sketchesand began to look them over."Where did you learn to sketch?" heasked the boy."I have never learned, monsieur," hereplied."Never studied in an art school;never had any instruction i""Xo, monsieur."The artist went on looking at thesketches one after the other and whenhe had seen them all looked at themagain. Then he turned his eyes to theboy on the bed."Do you know, my boy, that my paper sent me here to make sketches ofthis battle? I have graduated at theart school with honors, and yet youwho have never taken a lesson havedone what I cannot do.""What do you mean, monsieur?"asked the boy, his eyes opening verywide, while Fanchette was all attention. "You are a born battle painter. Youhave put into these crude sketches anaction that I have not been able toput in mine. And you have knownwhat scenes to select. Your soldiersmove; they fight; they are impelledby the demon of war; they die reallydie, while mine well, mine besideyours are like toy soldiers.""Oh, monsieur," exclaimed Fanchette,clasping her hands, "how good youare to say that!""Good to say that! I'm not talkingto please you. I'm telling you thetruth. And, to prove what I say, ifAntoine when he has recovered willcome to Paris I am sure I can interestart lovers In him. who will see that hereceives instruction.""Oh, monsieur," replied F.inchette,"how can he do that? He ha3 no money. He would have to walk to Paris.""Xot at all. I will take these sketcheswith me. They will be used in o.ne ofthe illustrated papers and will be wellt'aid for. The money received for themt will send to Antoine."The same night, having hired a con-"'eyance, the artist set out posthastefor Paris. Antoinc's sketches wereproduced and created a sensation. Themoney paid for them was sent him.He went to Paris, where owing to theInterest created by his pictures he wastaken up and educated by the paperthat published them.All this occurred forty ye.ara ago.ana thegeat battle, painter has flourisnen and passed' away. His widowloves-.to telUiow'hc sot luV&rt.-?,.? " i" N-.tlV.- - ft... - -..--- "-PtJBIIC MlcE- - CLIVESTOCKSATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 191At Millersburg, Ky.60 head of broke mules;20 head of broke horses:30 Jersey cows: -. . J Z"100 head of cattle;100 head of sheep;100 head of cattle shoats.XVSSUrSgS thut reservehSSSffi. hoUnnL1ftn' at 10 a' m" or shfni, male50 head of good 1,000 to 1 100 pound stee so ha f i100 sheep due to lamb in lAaTiwtam arhng ttfc.sows due to farrow in March. Wagon plows l?nrLl Pnnds brood1 3t of farming utensils. S ' P ' Srass rake' mer and a fallTerms Reasonable; Dinner for all.LETTON VIMONT,W. D. MclfNTIRE.GEO. D. SPEAKES, CHAS. PETERS, Auctioneers.or by-bid onIt Is AlwaysA Jay BirdLOCANDA 80S.A superb individual, a race champion and a rovallv hrpfl Kfu; r i.ite ZT ,er,1Lcn!:,?i5e ?. Maonhnrsire. Locanda's dam2:11K. He holdsholds the record for nnp ,i " L;7r3" "h aicxuniieychampion racing stallion of 190M905: Zrta'la&il&.cord 2:14K; five vear-old rp.nnrrl o-niv. o,C - ",rf -Z0 iP-i- - . r --v tT , niA- v rzrii nr i ronnvn vn.jy -beven-year-om record 2:03-fef : eicrhfc-vfiar.niri mAx .r& -u.u,year-old record:02.$50 FOR A. LIVING FOALBrown hor,NORAB 36915, Trial 2.18, Trottingse, 16 hands hicrh. sdlnnrlirl hnna o,i ui. -.WiR-Po.i ion, T?n;0,i0o.ou.:T::...w"w,oult auysLauce;in ." 1, ' i: "fiouwo A.xo uy .muassaaor zviMv A m wiwu ..ityA ana iuaicoim J. rord (3) 2(3)sired bv Barongrandam Santos Mam -:09) by Grana Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALWA- BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, KentuckyScott's Emulsionis the original has beenthe standard for thirty-fiveyears.There are thousands ofso-called "just as good"Emulsions, but they arenot they are simply imitations which are neveras good as the original.They are like thin milkSCOTT'S is thick like aheavy cream.If you want it thin, doit yourself with -water-butdont buy it thin.FOR SALE BT ALL DIUJG GISTSWVarden&SonLetus filTyourPrescriptji o n s .pure drugs andpromptservice. "rHarden. S Son.DruggistSend 10e., nam fof paper and thin art. for onrbeautiful Savings Bank and Child' Sketch-Kock.Hach bank contains a Good Luck Pennr.SCOTT & BOWNE. 409 Pearl St.. New YorkAttack Like Tigers.In fighting to keep the blood purethe white corpsclea attack like tigersdisease germs. But often germs multily so fast the little fighters are overcome. Then see pimples, boils, eczema, saltrheum and sores multiply andstrength and appetite fail. This condition demands Electric Bitters toregulate stomach, liver and kidneysand to expel poisons from the blood."They are the best blood purifier,"writes O. T. Budahn. of Tracy, Calif.,"I have ever found." They makerich, red blood, strong nerves andbuild up your health. Try Them.50 cents at Oberdorfer's.The Happiest Man.Who is the happiest of men.? Hwho values the merits of others, amdIn their pleasures takes joy, even mmthongh 'twere his own. Goet&A.Where the Shoe Pinched."I suppose you are proud of yourwife's literary success," said the intimate friend. "Yes," replied Mr. Stubbles. "Only I wish she wouldn't insiston making the hero of every novel atall, athletic man with wavy hair andpiercing blue eyes. Anybody can seethat I am short, fat, bald, and compelled to wear smoked glasses."Accuse of Stealing.Free DyspepsiaSampleSufferers from indigestion arc waking up to the fact that peppermint,lozenges, charcoal and "dyspepsiacures" arc only makeshifts in tke curof so troublesome a complaiat achronic indigestion. "What Is required !something that will not only relieve but.which will tone and train the digMtrr'apparatus to again do its work normally vand this these simple remedies canaot,tfaThere Is something more t Uw- eoror Indigestion than sweeteninr tbbreath, and yet a remedy that only Matains digestive ingredients will not cnpermanently, as the basis of Indlr ttow.13 poor bowel circulation, and that inquires a scientific laxative w-, -of no remedy that combines tfeea m-'qulrements better than Dr. CaldwtrfSyrup Pepsin, which has been sold Itoca quarter of a century.ut. wraweu's syrup PepIn to a 1tive tonic, a scientific blendinr ofural ngredients for the cure ofstipation, indigestion, liver trouble.stomach ell.- Ki. .irplaints. Its ingredients will w itiaikttaatthat they will again do their work,,ity "" w"en inat jias bMrplished 5'our trouble ki over.oiuart, cfiaunion. va,, waa asufferer, as was O. Tuck.Pv ?? tney th found' theirwiui tnis remedy. They becamvinced that pills and tablet, aalta.norcia rtAflt . a . " -.w.u. ww.ca, ciL., were ax Beat amtemporary reliefs. They first aecoptaADr. CaWweU-s. offer of a'free saaHMfTmc. niuwj hc wuiingiy aenas towho forwards name and address.imvuik; convinced themselves throfree sample, they bought SyrupE. E. Chamberlain, of Clinton. Me.. J ..their druggist at fifty centsboldly accuses Bucklen's Arnica Salve D?rc5idwSi ir.ii m" mof stealing-che sting from burns or to&STSSS &iscaias cne Dain irom sores of all aesire lor yourself or f&miiv nHhiiMbilands the distress from boils or piles. L "SSSl. Uve5L,b9w is1trnes of their terror," ho says, "as asjor'ths free sample simplyj a neaimg remedy im equal ?' -5J KJ 2L SSLSSii. yjniT a cwwr,- urn roocitlS. address is Dr. W, m. Caldwl RatSwIV -' '"J- " .. J?-14P,.,. lf49.!K'. W2-i nC in n fr m 1.y infill VJw -o- ---.- -wjlTHE BOURBON NEWCWjUS, KENTUCKY, FEB. ,24, 1911B-iithh:Iift4MILLEISBURG ITEMS.4fromMis-Mrs. John Berry has returnedn extended visit to relatives insouri.Call en us for the best fertilizers foryour plant beds. Supply just received.2t PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. Simpson Butler fell on the iceMonday fseriously t spraining one armand shoulder.See my handsome line ct souvenirspoons, of both colleges, hand enrgaved. 14 4t AARON McCONNELL.Mips Florence Vimont returned Monday after a ten days' visit to her sister, Mrs. W. A. Munzing, at Maysville. The Bourbon News is offering flattering inducements from now until thefirst of March to the readers. This iaa splendid opportunity to get yourcounty psper in connection with something else at exceedingly low rates.Don't fail to read the following : TheKentucky Farmer and Bourbon Newsone year for $2.00; The daily CourierJournal, except Sunday, four monthi.and the Bourbon Newi one year for$2.25 ; the daily Courier Journal, except-Sunday, eight months), End Bourbon News one year $3.00. Leave yourorders with24 8t R. M. CALDWELL. Agent.Mrs. H. D. Jones is among the sick.Mrs. G. W. Dailey improves nicely.Mr. E. M. Neal continues about thedame. -The banks and postoffice observedWashington's birthday by closing.All daily papers can be secured hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AaronMcConnell. Don't fail to call therewhen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HomeJournal.3 4t R. M. UALDWELL, Agent.Mr. Dotts and family of Phila-!delph:a. Pa., arrived Saturday at theM. M. I. 6Mr. Dotts is a brother ofMr. C. M. Best and will assist Col.- and Mrs. Best in the care of thegrounds and buildings.We want news for the BourbonI News. We want it fresh. Those having news items for publication willpleaie call me Home phone 82 or leavecame at postoffice or Bourbon HomeTelephone Exchange.R. II. CALDWELL, Correspondent.No change for the better in the condition of Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson.Mr. Claude Dailey has returned tohis duties at Paris after a two weeks'illness.The Home Telephone Company isgetting on nicely with the repair workmade necessary by the recent sleet ardhopes to have it completed this week.Elder F. W. Troy received theMaster Masons Degree at AmityLodge Tuesday night. The work wasput on by Mr. F. F. Hurst and wasnicely done. At the close of thesecret work, the lodge enjoyed oystersoup in the banquet hall. This latterpart was hastily arranged fcr andcame as a surprise to many.Hit Him in the Wrong Place.A pneumatic barber chair explodedin Los Angeles and put out a barber'seye. That isn't the device that Isneeded. "What the world requires is' achair that will explode and land on thebarberial conversation departmentEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & M'Pg Company,PARIS. KY.IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.BAN C0HEN336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.WALK::over!I C? TLTTT T A3Lfe -L- Krr-?wTV2 JTLKJ J-J3 V)3? s$KrJ'Suc JTJLJEJl'NLif T4IIFixed Ideas'Our "Fixed Idea" is to sell Shoes thatare so good and that fit so" well thateverybody who tries one pair will wantanother That's why we sell WalkOver Shoes and fit them in the"Walk-Over"LWay, (to exact foot measurement.)We suggest that youtry the "Walk-Over"Way just once. Youwon't need to be askedycr a second time.&ijSpecials for Quick Clearance !All Discontinued Winter Footwear at Great Reductions.Come and Buy While we Have Ypur Size..DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGN ' .DEATHS.The funeral of Lena Boaz. thten-day-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs.George Boaz, who died Wednesday,was held at the grave in the Pariscemetery yesterday afternoon.Mr. Zere Welsh, aged 8-J, diedyesteday morning at his home in Mt.Srerilng. Hew as abrother-in-law ofMrs. H. C. Whaley, of Paris. Burialtoday at 10 o'clock from his home inMt. Sterling.Noted Artist Began Career inParis.The Louisville Timfs of Tuesdaycontaind the following:"Paris not Paris, France, butParis, Ky.--played an important partin the career of one of America's bestknown portrait painters.Chester Harding, whose portrait of John Randolphis one of the most treasured possessions of American art."Throughout Kentucky examples ofthe work of the young artist are to befound, and a Louisville man, in a reminiscent mood, was. telling ofhisrecollection of the stories extant "when hewas a boy in Paris, Ky., of the workof Chester Harding, who began hiscareer as a house painter, wanderingabout the country doing odd jobs." 'Harding was born in Massachusetts,' said the .old Kentuckian.'but hJ3 family removed when he wasa boy to Western New York State.Although he began life as a housepainter, he soon found that this didnot satisfy his ambition, consequentlyhe began to experiment, and foundthat he had a certain unexpected ability for portrait painting. This discovery was made in Pittsburg, andfrom there he went to Paris, Ky.,where he set up as a portrait painter.In six months it is said that he didmore than 100 heads, at S25 each, andthroughout the State these portraitheads are still treasured possessions." 'With the money earned in Kentucky he made a trip through theWest, painling portraits from placeto place, later returning io his home inNew i.'ork It was then, as he afterward related to a Kentucky friend,that his father took him aside and saidto him gently : 'Chester I want to jspearc io you acout your present modeof living. I think it is very little better than swindling to charge $40 forone of thce effigies. Ndw, 1 wantyou to give up- vour present course andsettle clown . farm and become arespectable l hk'" 'Fortuna y for American art.Chester Haro, .g -continued 'paintingeffigies,' ' coiiuioded the Louisvilleman."Chester Harding, referred to in theabove, was engaged in business in thiscity in connection with his brother,Roger Harding. He began his careerhere and had a studio in the buildingon Pleasant street, now occupied byMr. and Mrs. Brice Steele. At thattime it was owned and a part occupiedby Mr. Thomas Arnold then CircuitClerk cf Bourbon county and thefather o'f James and Col. .Brent Arnold, the latter now of Covington.Several of his lainlirgs are in existence in this section, among thembeing the likeness of the partnts ofMr. Anthony Thornton, and one ofOtho Hushes, postmaster in Paris during the Civil War and of his wife, Mrs.Anna Hughes, who was a relative ofMrs. Laura Perry.A Coming Calamity.After a man has been out of congress awhile, people say: "Youwouldn't think that man had been incongress, would you?" AtchisonGlobe.What Sobered Him."You look sober. Did father refusehis consent to our marriage?" 'Xo,he gave his consent all right, but toldme not to come to him with any ofmy future troubles."W raffed CakesThey Sweeten the Disposition o! the Whole Family.'A Scientific Combination ofI All That's Good.J Wrapped in Wax PaperI Packages.I So to eliminate all that'sI bad.FFFCSTRAIN TOO GREAT.Makes the most nutrtv tious food and the mostdainty and delicious.ROYALBAKINGPOWDERAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNo fussing or fretting overthe biscuit-making, Roya!is the aid to many acook's success.Royal Cook Book 800 Receipts Free, Send Name and Address.UROYAL BAKING POVDER CO., NEW YORK.Modern Genesis.An exchange punts the following:"Ia the beginning Gcd created Heavenand bartn, thfn the editor and the!liberal advertiser which is all good.The next day it snowed, and Pie created the man who does not believe inadvertising, another who does not takethe home paper then he rested. Thenthe devil got into the moulding rcomand created the man who takes thepaper for several years and fails topay for it, After he had completedthat surry job and had a few lumpsleft he created the excuse of a manwho settles his subscription by informing tne postmaster to mark his paper'refused.' "Great Qualities.We love any forms, however ugly,from which great ciualitlcs shine.Emerson.Temperance People Busy.The temperance ptcple of Carlisleand Nicholas county have taken stepato prefect the organizption of therrforces in each pecinct of the city 'andcounty to be known as the NicholasCounty Temperance .and General Improvement League. A committee ofeleven, headed by former Mayor W. J.Kennedy as chairman, was empoweredto select committees from each precinct of the county and effect a permanent organization. The object of theorganization is to prosecute allegedblind tigers and buotleggers, to promote the cause of temperance in thecity and county.Not Always to the Swift."The automobile race is not alwaysto the swift," says the Philosopher oiFolly. "Sometimes, it's to the hos-! pitnl."Hundreds of Paris ReadersFind Daily Toil aBurden.The hustle and worry of businessmen.The hard work and stooping ofworkmen.The woman's household cares.Are too great astrain on the kidneys. Backache, headache, dizziness,'Kidney troubles, urinary troublesfollow.Read the following and learn how toavoid them.Joseph Fight, W. Pleasant street,Cynthiana, Ky., says: "My work asa blacksmith weakened my kidneys. Isuffered severely and when Doan'sKidney Pills were brought to my attention, I procured a box. Theirbeneficial effect was noticeable fromthe first and In a short time everysymnthom of my trouble was disposedof." :For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents. for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other. .Ionium & riiiiiin oJinnual Clearance Salem OFI Leather Bags, Umbrellas, China,I N Brass and Bric-a-BracI BEGINSI Priday, Feb. 1 0th.I Great Reductions.All Cut f rices f ositively Cash.Don't Miss This Sale.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.rri u r i.- rm &m rii p cm --w- mwm wBoth Phones.&&&ip&&&&&4?&&ipi&&iNow Is The Time To StraightenI Your Poultrv Yard anrl Ppnr. ww- mm.m.m M. VllVVt-.We have the Wire, light and heavy,from 12 inches to 72 inches high andthe price is less than ever before.Also the best farm fencing, the onewith the stay that can't slip, at 2c aless than'heretofore.China Nest Eggs 20c doz.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky.&;-..v---Jh . s. jn .-.