THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARnVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, SEPTMEBER 19, 1911.! " 'immwwmwzs3&&ttkb-rwMumsliIP V vSJHHBHIV 8flHVIHHHHVE9k hbbp b r semi-WeeKlu specialsiAt TheDept Store,eptPhiiyQflz$721j Kv,r- -r-j25c Corset Cover, at tlaJfprice, 12 1 -2c. 2 to a customer. Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE--Fall Opening Thursday, Sept. 28th.The store will be closed Saturday, Septemberon account of Jewish holliday.smmw.. vwStandard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs SI. 00Imported Swiss Cheese, per lb 35Brie Cheese, per lb 30 tfiiN. Y. Cream Ceeese, per lb ..20 fyBoiled Ham, per lb: 35 wMinced Ham, per lb 15 wOld Reliable Coffee, 2 lbs. . .' .' 55 TArm & Hammer Soda, 3 lbs 25 mLenox Soap, 3 bars. . .--. .....: ; -10 ffLenox Soap, 8 bars ." . 25 i$jlBlueing, 2 boxes : ' 05 SfArgo Starch, 3 boxes 10 W5 gals. Oil, the Best . 45 ?KBLUE RIBBONwThe Flour of Quality WBlu- Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20 ffBlue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40 $jT. C LENIHAN, Prop-Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,Dr, Henderson at 75.The Western Christian Advocatepublished at Cincinnati, in it issueof Sept. 6 has the following:"Dr. Howard A. -M. Hendersoncelebrated his 75th birthday anniversary on Tuesday, August 15. Thisevent was made the occasion fur avery pleasant gathering at the ParkAvenue Church at Hartwell, when alarge number of Doctor Henderson'sfriends and admirers attended a reception in his honor given under the auspices of his church, cf which he is nowpastor emeritus, and which he servedfor five years .curing his active ministry. It was a delight to his friendsand former parishioners to give thisexpression of the love and venerationin which he is held. The whols corrmunity feels rich in possessing one ofsujh distinction, and the church cherishes the memory of his ministy. WhileDrr. Henderson is not in robust physiJcal health, nevertheless when themaster of "Heartsease" is at home heis the source of mental and spiritualinpsiration to all who visit him there.The reception was attended by the following ministers, who made felicitousspeeches during the evening : TheRev. Messrs. J. L. Uorley, L. O. Hartman, W. H. Wehrly and J. T. Bail.Dr. Henderson was happy and animatein his response. Musii was furnishedby Mrs. C. L. Swain, and refreshments served by the young ladies ofthe church."An interesting coincidence was thepresence of Mrs. Rev. Lewis, betweenwhose late husband, a Union soldier,and Dr. Henderson a friendship sprangup while the former was a prisoner ina Confederate parole camp, of whichthe latter had charge. Many messages of congratulation and regretwere received from the many friendsof Dr. Henderson who could not bepresent."Rev. Henderson was born in thiscity and was reared in Millersburg.He will be remembered by many ofthejolder citizens of this city as a brilliant Methodist divine and formerlyserved the State as Superintendent ofPubilc Instruction. At present he isconfined in a Cincinnati hospital withsreious illness.SB v V E h ,3j mi ii hi miii m-Mtr-ii - m ii. niw i ,,ill1 Sjjmii $les tti ldfflBlafflflW5ftsfoq1 EveryfchNOW HOWmwmfL99 2Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Fall Millinery.Our fall and winter opening of millinery will be held on October 5. Theopening this fall will be held a littlelater than usual on acciunt of thevery newest things in hats cannot beobtained from the wholesale housesany earlier. Wait and see the realnew styles.15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Upto Date Billiard Hall.Follow the crowds to Mann's Billiard Hall. 15 tfFeld's for Fall Footwear.wBBoys Clothing!mm?jJLi7We Are Showing a Large Line of BoysExtra-Good Suits from$2.50to$10.00in ail the latest colors and stylesms?s?SaSfeBoys' Hats, Caps, Shirts and gBlouse Waists.mm&E&mtGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.,Clothiers.JMii-jiimiiBourbon County Crop ConditionsImproved conditions have followedthe flattering agricultural outlook andside by side as tobacco, corn and grasshas improved so has business channelstaken on active trading as was evidenced by the Saturday afternooncrowd that thronged the business district. Merchants report active tradingin all lines and at no time of theseason has such a feeling of confidenceprevailed.Merchants are laying in large supplies of textile goods and in the produce line farmers are rinding a marketfor everything at good prices.Cattle and hogs are selling well fupwith prices that prevailed one yearago and the demand fo stock hoes andgood feeders has increased witn improved conditions for good grazing.Rye is being sown in liberal quantities and with grass spreading as inspringtime, liva stock will fare muchbetter than was indicated three weeksago when the earth was parched andvegetation blighted from a lack ofmoisture.But the season of drouth has beenforgotten so responsive has been thetouch of nature, and the push and theenergy of the blue grass tiller of thesoil has .found fruition in having hiscrops in shape for the psychologicalmoment as setn in the increasedgrowth of tobacco, corn and pasture.TheJ business outlook is taking onincreased momentum and fall tradingis as lively as in many years is expected to reward the patience of both farmer and merchant.-jmgsIP$mai'X .tMVX .'A .trft v.vj .. . ....... .. ... .. .. ..Children's School Shoes.All Echool children are hard onshoes. Buy a pair from us nnd see ifthey don't last longer than the onesyou bought of the other fellow. Wehave a full line to select from,tf GEO. McWILLlAMS,The Shoe Man.Special Prices on Rugs.We are oeffring the folowing specialprices on rugs this week :Special 9x12 Axminster rugs only$16.75.Special 9x12 Brussell rugs only$12.75.These are certatinly bargains.A. P. WHEELER & CO.Named as Campaign Chairman.Mr. R. K. McCarney, of this cityThursday received fnotirication of hisappointment as Chairman of the Bourbon County Campaign Commiftee byChairman Rufus H. Vansant, of Louis'ville. Mr. McCarney has alwaystaken a prominent part in Democraticpolitics in this county and in everycampaign has been found at the frontin the thickest of the fight and hiiselectionrto this responsiole positionis very gratifying to his friends.D GOOSESWhat is the RED GOOSE? It is a boy's shoethat will never wear out, and will keep his feet drygoing to school this winter. Our Boys' ClothingDepartment is filled with this srecial line of Shoes.7 .which we have bought so you won't have to buy fciicw snucb every two montns. laKe a look at our uwindow and remember the Red Goose.BOYS' CLOTHINGin all the new colors, single breasted and doublebreasted coats, Knickerbocker pants, made withdouble seat and knees. S3log For Boysyou can find at our store, as we are the only store in town that has a special department for little fellows.oys, Come in and Ask About the Red GooseBanks in th5.Mclieil & BIakemore9Otfltf atters to MenParis,lKentucky:SSissmRJ9S37EiQinmimiiniinnLimnminiiiiiimiiiimm1 FRANK & CO. IsThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.&JZ!CORDIALLY INVITEYou to make their store your headquartersat all times. When you come to Paris duringBourbon Fair be sure and make us a call.Newest styles in Fall and Winter Ready-tc-Weargarments for Ladies', Misses and Chil-dren now ready for your inspection.. Y'Suits, Separate Skirts, Cloaks, Waistsand Dresses.An elegant assortment of Reay-to-Wear Hatsin Ladies, Misses and Children. See ournew White Hats with Veils and have one towear to the Fair.-.-Ti&&&5 -:Frank . & Co.Paris, - - Kentuckywmiinmiimitnuuurinmimmiinjnmir.mi.?& zr&'ffr m mfrfit84ttit5ji,'iv 'iiii 'Mi-m 'Mim '.u,iw 'hu rOT5l$SxiSTinzmt i7MrA-k aiCk1WiflTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 19, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Fortune TellingTC-32Does not take into consideration the one essential to woman's happiness womanly health. mThe woman who neglects her health is neglecting thevery foundation of all good fortune. For without healthlove loses its lustre and gold is but dross.Womanly health when lost or impaired may generally beregained by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.This Prescription has, for over HO years, ,been curing delicate, weak, pain-wrackedwomen, by the hundreds of thousandsand this too in the privacy of their homeswithout their having to submit to indell'cate questitonin&s and offensively repu&nant examinations.c:i, ,.mmon oro Jnvirr1 to onnenlf- Dr. Pierce hv letter freeOTAi-M J:Mi dSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Owner- . .1 I M I IA .11?S;?,.vr.Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postollice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 1 30- Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.3 A Marrav T aVoTroy KLaoJ RT1-S?VC PlTVarVTOrkf Sfr1ITI-"- J.1V1. i.-.CirV. lWY-i -V A XWJ-AiJ A lAWfAW.. i.w.proof Handsome Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds ofbuildings. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.All correspondence held as sacredly confidential. Address "World's DispensaryMedical Association, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Great Family Doctor Book, The People's Common SenseMedical Adviser, newly revised up-to-date edition 1000 pages, answers inPlain English hosts of delicate questions which every woman, single or married,ought to know about. Sent free, in plain wrapper to any address on receipt of21 one-cent stamps to cover mailing only, or in cloth binding for 31 stamps.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$.00 SIX MONTHS. Payable in Advance$1.00iT " -!l .i fTKiJWF Hk ORIGiNALITYreasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentuckv combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.s,NOKE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Hdams Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMELOWRY & TALBOTTParis, Kentuckyihft(hSASASSI?Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbontofaParis,Keniucky,flfcBloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczema hes, Dandruff and falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen. Gaffney. S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."VV. T. Brooks, Agent.Saves Labor; Does Better Work.It is claimed for a newly inventedfiber sheddins machine introduced inMexico that it will do he work offifty laborers, and do cleaner workthan can be done by hand.Attacks School Principal.A sdvere attack on school principal,ChisB. Allen, of Sylvania, Ga., isthus told by him. "For more thanthree years,'' he writes, "I sufferedindescribable turtutre from rheumatism, Liver and stomach, trouble anddiseased ktdnys. All remedies failedtill I used Electric Bitters, but fourboiitles of this wonderful remedy curedm completely." Such results arecommon. Toousands bless them foren ilng1 sumach, trouble, female chm-piat-'tskidney disorders, biliousness,and 'or new health and vigor. Tryth m Only 50c at Oberdcrfer's.and SUPERIORITY!n Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguishes our 2onumcnts from all otlicrs, while prices arewill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettlness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.wsi?Office Opp. Postoffice.tiA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased vri'h ourla'in iry work the rest fcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.SI?SISI?SiSIsiSISISILaundry,t!g-g-$e) LIQUID CURES ECZEMA1 WHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Dosj't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematoua diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Aeimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Tnymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and give you instant relief. ,G. S. Varden & Son.Those Truly Great.The world never forgets those whoforget themselves. The worldte trulygreat are men enamored and in lovewith an idea, and not men enamoredand in love with themselves.How to Get Rid o the Lobby.To read what Judge O'Rear has tosay about the "Corrupt Lobby" onemight think that he was the originaland only liscoverer of this iniquitcusconspiracy to control Legislation. Nowthat the county unit question has beenpractically settled by the agreementof both parties that they will pass abill extending the county unit, JudgeO'Rear must find something else totalk about, and he is expending hisenerev and eloquence on the "ThirdHouse." So bitter is he in his denunciation of the small coterie of politicians who for years have grown rich atFrankfort by corrupting the Legislature, that he proposes to destroy thislobby if it becomes necessary to keepthe Legislature in session continuouslyfor two years. It costs $1,000 a day torun the Ken'ucy Legislature, and twoyears of this continuous performancewould place a burden on the tax payers of"$70"6Tobo" if "Judge O'Rear iselected ai.d carries out his threat. Itis generally agreed that the lobbymust be destroyed, and the Democraticplatform pledges the party to its abolition. Governor McCreary has as advanced views on this subject as JudgeO'Rear. He believes that a corruptlobbyis a curse on any state, and if heis elected Governor he will drive itsmembers from the State House.Convincing proof of Judge O'Rear'ssincerity in this matter is furnished byhis failure to say anything about the"Corrupt Lobby" which secured theelection of W. O. Bradley to the Senate This is the same lobby that hasoperated in Frankfort for many years,the very identical lobby that withBradley's help defeated the countyunit bill, yet, Judge O'Rear dotsn'tj open his mouth in condemnation of thisconspiracy. Like every other questionraised by Judge O'Rear in this campaign, he is promising to do one thingwhile the whole record of his partyshows that'when it was in power it aidjust the contrary.The only sure way to get rid of the"corrupt lobby" is to elect GovernorMcCreary whose nomination they opposed, and whose election they do notfavor.The Work of a Republican.When the farmers of Kentuckysettle with the Sheriff, they will beginto realize what a Repbulican Administration can do for them when it tries.The raise of 561,000,000 in the assessedvalue of farm lands was the work ofGovernor Willson's Board of Equalization, and Judge O'Rear has no wordof condemnation for this act of spoliation. The Right Spirit.Hon. Wm. Addams, who contestedthe nominatoin with Governor McCreary, states in a Courier-Journalinterview that the Democratic ticketwill be elected by 15,000 -majority.Addams took his defeat liek the goodgame loser he is, and is now workingvaliantly for the success of his partyin November. The significant faetureof this capmaign is the unselfishnessof the Democratic leaders. Every manof them is putting aside his personalambitions in a loyal effort to redeemthe state.Talt Can't Win in 1912.With 'President Taft as its nominee,the Repbulican party cannot carry thecountry in 1912, according to a forecast of the electroal vote prepared atthe Insurgent Republican headquartersin Washintgon. This is the first timean "insurgent'7 leader has gone so faras to predict the defeat of PresidentTaft in a public statement. Many ofthem Lab'ollette, Cummins, Bristow,Norris, Murdock and the rest havedeclared in speeches and interviewsthit the Republican party should selecta str6nger man, that is to say, one ofhpir own number, but they have refrained from expressing an opinionthat should Taft be nominated a Democrat will surely be elected. The greatsignificance of this fact is that thereate few politicians in Washington,even among those who are fighting thePresident within his own party, whobelieve he can be defeated for thenomination. The best that most ofthe Insurgents hope for in 1912 is tomake themselves "felt" an even upsome old scoresDEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M . JAMESof CrittendenFor GovernorJAMES B. McCREARYof Madison 4For Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMAN"of WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G.- CLAYConquer Self-Distrust.Self-distrust is the cause of most ofour failures In the assurance ofstrength there is strength, and theyare the weakest, however strong, whohave no faith in themselves or theirpowers. Bovee.Fantastic Theorist."Why do you think that extremelyrich people are likely to go to a placeof fiery torment?" "Because," repliedthe cynical person, "only they couldafford the fuel necessary to keep itgoing."Seize the Present Moment.Why wilt thou defer thy good purpose from day to day? Arise and begin in this very instant, and say, Nowis the time for doing, now is the timefor striving, now is the fit time toamend myself. Thomas a'Kempis.When Women Rule."That lady judge has decidedagainst us." "That's all right," saidthe feminine attorney. "I know her.By tomorrow she'll change her mind."Kansas City Journal.Daily Thought.You better live your best and actyour best and think your best today,for today is the sure preparation fortomorrow and all the other tomorrows that follow. Life's Uses.RHEUMATISMCured by the MarvlJ of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpurebotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains ; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, SI per large bottle, with J.iections for home cure.Sium.3i:nt free by writing Blood.. .1 3 Atlanta, Ga. Describeyrn trciure and free medical advicegijn. o3l:l by Varden & Son.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHOKES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.iSjc&-ijpjgQiSjx"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryDotisoPARIS, KY.fergQeaGsQggsirfegS$2gEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOBP ORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andIONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, 'Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When- you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Coin Long In Tree.While cutting up the trunk of an .oldash tree Albert Watson, Jr., of Darby,Pa., found imbedded in the heart ofthe tree a copper penny bearing thedate 1817. The coin was found at apoint six feet from the base of thtrunk, and was not even discolored.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw;N. 3. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there Isno sign of that Eczema, and that wa3three years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that Its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. Isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisCreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.and be satisfied.n & DentonmProfessional CardsJ J. WIILIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW .Room 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander t Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Dr. Wm. Keriney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones J : T' 1?:.( jnjii.it; j.oo.ResidenceE. T. 334.(HornHome 334.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UjfStairs'OverJVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Office3,"Rooms 4 and 5, ElkJs Bld'gPariB - KentuckyHot arid ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsSvery thing neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait?. You axe next.M. A. KAHAL.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, SEPT. 19, mi.i$B&&IEV&mwmmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDKIND OF GIRL WE ALL LIKErOOiors uoiie uneap"-.eap Work Bone OoodTRE J2B RGOfflS Of rTHEMEWStCar Passengers Rejoice in Shining Example of Beauty and Devotionto Parents.Father and mother, both elderly,and daughter they were evidently returning from a bit of an outing atRiverside park. The mother wasquite feeble and it was well worthseeing the gentleness and care withwhich the daughter aided her wavering footsteps as she helped the mother on the car."Now for you, pop," said the younggirl, as she took hold of the father'shand and pulled him on the car,laughing gayly as she did so. The father wore a bronze button at hiscoat lapel, showing that he was aveteran who had fought for his country. He was somewhat deaf, too, ascould be seen, for he put his hand tohis right ear as the girl spoke to him.She seated herself between the twoand took off her hat. It must be admitted that, though plain and featherless, it was big enough to be in style,and she took it off that mother andfather might sit nearer to her. Andshe talked and talked, better than apaid entertainer, and the old peoplelooked so proud and so happy.The daughter's hair, caught by thebreeze, curled about her face mostcharmingly and it was no trouble atall to see, though she was dressedplainly, all in white, that she was ak f ful and talt bending her well-poisedhead first to one side then to the other as she spoke to mother or to father. What a clear complexion shehad, with just a blush in each cheek.About her neck 'was a string of smallbeads. A small gilt cross hung fromthe strand and lay on her bosom.When the- car stopped she helpedher father and mother to alight, 'usingthe same care and gentleness that shehad used in helping them to get on,and walking between them gave anarm to each on their way to the sidewalk. "Did yez see that girl?" said aworkingman on the rear seat.' "Did3rez see that colleen? That's the kindwe have in Ireland, in County Clare."' I hope," said a quiet man nearby,"that vc may have many' more likeher in this country." IndianapolisNews.sm&$3SE35gs9Areprepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asfifci o32 -3O iWJBILLHEADS,LtTTERHCADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.- c.o o&& -55?sS35Let us figure with you on --,-fi3T'..-(mfe - on your next worka"- Our facilities are the best, havingsp just installed two of the .latest im-proved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.sLove's Suprctru Test."Nobody will set out a woman'sgarbage can for her but her servant,her husband or her lover." This isnot the persiflage of a vaudevillist orthe epigram of a philosopher or themockery of a cynic. It is the gravedeclaration of a referee in a divorcecase where it was proved that the? defendant husband had not only carriedhome groceries for the co-respondent,but had looked after the garbage pail.Shakespeare classed the lover alongwith the poet and the lunatic, becausethey "are of imagination all compact."The referee in this case classes himwith the husband and the servant because of a servitude absolute. Theargument of the referee in support ofhis conclusion was quite simple. "Aman's affection for a woman," hesaid, "is shown by his willingness totake trouble on her behalf, to do little services for her, to do with a willing hand that which a man not inlove would deem tiresome , troublesome and disgusting."Then it is not. the champagne dinner nor the lobster supper nor theauto ride nor the diamond ring noreven the sonnet nor the offer of marriage that constitutes the supremetest of love.Colony Lives as in the Past.Yrrapped in the dark superstitionof the middle ages, a colony of Russian Cossacks still endeavors to hideitself away in "Anatolia, Asia Minor,affording a rare field for research forthe student of the historical. About3,000 of the forefathers of these Cossacks left Russia for voluntary exile350 years ago. Their departure wasoccasioned by an attempt to enrolltheir names for census purposes inwriting. According to the creed ofThe Futurity at Lexington.Kentucky's Great Trots begin atLexington October 3, and last tenaays. In the first day the world'sgreatest colt stake is raced. Overtwenty of the grandest three-year-oldsIS fal country are still eligible, andtne tield will probably include MissStokes 2:08 1-2. the world's championyeaning; Justice Brooe, 2:08, theworld s champion two-year-old stallion ; Mainleaf, 2:09 1-4. winner of thewestern Horseman Futurity; PeterThompson, 2:09 1-4, Atlantic Express.Margaret Parr ish. that beat Soprano totne half in i -nn i.d- Mamio n.-Blerne Holt, and several others thatFarm Statistics lor Kentucky.There is much signfiicance in figuresconcerning the varied industries of thefarm. The census of 1910 has furnished these figures relating to the domestic animals, poultry and bees on farmsand ranges in the State of Kentucky.According to this report the aggregate value of all domestic animals,poultry and bees in 1910 was 117 million in round numbers compared with73 million ten years before. Here isan increase in the value of 59 percent.The greatest part of it was due todomestic animals, but Doultrv innrpss.aw Ainu, h'mi vuvcra nrnavn -r-ri- i . ----have won. ; Zn,; Y.r; "7u" o ?n ' e9 om 52, 700,000 to $4,462,000. Beesin trials includintr 7nrr7r,p ' sno,w a decrease. They are now valuedOn KTib. famous' a'fO. against 520.000 ten yearsl-4,The Limit 2-04 1 4 Wl P lr to ?lve a""0" to horses. and colts,i-03 inrtLV?fi,,i .i, n r-i mules and mule ctlts and to dairyaiaowever "m "V ttence iT' b?,1 " ''S a'S "'.' n0t to,ne8l"- fci la &. !. i l r: 1 1 1 f i i i : t' i i nm a. i ine inennrninet 91 -mlC.n ;,-. Iflftn Ml iOH V Phanno n cna M, tl,, ,""Jl."""""u" '" 1JUU' l,lulra ali"vear thrnoh ho mm'ii Bfi.f fm: imule coltH were valied at 26 million inffic tS? 1p ltal Cra0re 1910 aainst U million J" 1000.Oclo bf ln 1910 the total valu of cattle wasadiantJge ofthetal l la? Tan "oil! j?lion 25 mH tn ar5roads, make up ?. party and go to Lexington on October 3.Alleged Polluters Indicted.That the State Boaid of Health hasdetermined to clean up the distillersaccused of polluting the voters ot thecreeks and streams in Kentucky andiorce them to stop the practice isdemonstrated by the indictmentagainst the Gieenbaum Distilling ComPanv, of Midway, which was found inthe Woodford Circuit Cojrr.Fast Freight Carriage Success--ful.A saving to the Government cf fullybefore.'Ihere nas been an increase in thevalus of swine. It was $5,17b,000 tenyears ago, and it is now a little shortof 9 million. Sheep and lambs in 1910were valued at $o.565.000 against$4,191,000 ten years before,There are in Kentucky nearly onemillion of cattle-999,553. Nearly onehalf of these are dairy cows 409,469,valued at $13,71?,0C0. The cows notkept for dairy purposes number100,971. Dairy cows are valued atS33: other cows at $22 each.SIn crder to make fsrming pay theiarmer's family must neglect nofacurce of reveruu, however small.This is the day cf small things as uellas oi great tnings. lhe small savingsand the small earnincs make theannouncements;We are authorized to announce tbfollowing gentlemen, whose nameappear below, as canaidates.for, Cocscilmen from their respective Ward,subject to the action of the Democratic City Primary September 22,1911: tFIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks. ;C P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND -WARD. ,W. O. Hinton.C. E. Butler.J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.FIRST WARD.L. Wollstein.SECOND WARDDr. Wra. Kenney.D. C. Parrish. -Williamrdery..THIRD WARD.John McCarthy.Fairly Startled a Waiter.A waiter gave himself the worst ofit by $2 in mailing change, accordingto the Chicago Evening Post.. Theman who paid the check saw the error and handed the bill back in thoway of a tip. The waiter has beenbowing to the ground before him eversince and thinks he is some exiledprince living here incog.linn wwwawCT2 000,000 on the transmission of pe- Qifrerence between profit and loss.nodical mail Ly fastjfreigbt was Fri-day estimated by Postmaster General '4J II i a 11 ii IItiitchcock aftnr a two weeks' trial ofthi3 method of shipment. The planwas put in effect September 1 and nincethat time everything has gone satisfactorily, lhe Postmaster Generalsays the systtm was proving highlysuccessful and that the leaaing magazine tublishtrs were co-opersting withhis department in a most commendablewsy for thf purpose cf making the nnvplan of shipment successful.As the country is divided into foursections for the purpose cf retcrminiv.n by quaunnnirfl weighings thesimrunt of compensation to which railways are entitled for mail transportatiun," the u'an of s ipping by freightmil rot have its full effect for fouryears. The winnings of the presentseason are Icing made ia the thirJcontract seeticn, comprising the statsfrom Ohi5 to Iova. It is estimatedthat s'wirgs from this section alone,wl ich should go m efl'ect nxt year,will airount to about $700,000.Boy's TerribleDeed.Chas. Shroles, aged 6, after poutingkerosene over his sister, Mary, aged 3,sot fire to her clothing at Brekley, W.Va , Friday. Calmly filling a tubwith water he watched the fia-ncs burntr.emselves out, then placed the unconscious child in the water and washfd het burns, teatintr the hlisterp.rlskin from her Dcdy and literally sKin-rjug rier anve. ivvnen tne motner returned home anW&Zi1 Bl W e531 xI aALij' FOR 1911, Cured by the IVfarvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years,Now io My Handsfor Collection,nice rirst National Sank.iQfamne MnnroV U ST) nbDHA.'V emi1 I OU H 3 Kr"-1FKiiBaspu isayiiByHawking, spitting, foul breath, dis-i charges of yellow matter permanent-j ly cured vnrh pure botanical mgyeai ients. To prove it we will send yon a'SAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to gen, eral debility. idi cr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blo'xl Balm (B, B B.)j It is a quick, radical, permanentI cure beqauaft it rids the system ot fjhepoison germs that cause catarrh, j At, the same tima Blood Balm (B. B B.)purifies the blood, does away withr every sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzed' nerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect lastings cure of catarrh in all its forms,, Druggist- or by exsress, $1 per, laTgebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.hour later the girl was breathing her i QV CollCCfcOflast. 11 e boy once set lire to the ' Jnouse. He can give no reason for hisact except that he wanted to see the!flames. ' TA MLV 111The Open Air.Get out of the house whenever youare able, and if you only have littleleisure time to spend out in the openmake the surroundings indoors asnearly as possible like the outdoorsby keeping the air fresh and the windows open.tneacsPeooleand HomeKM Jm 5fftit XJk3yLivery fV3eo9Eighth Street, Pans, Ky.. Comparison.The woman who can make a tenderchicken pie out of a tough old comeback from the dining table is muchmore of an artist than the one whocan paint a dre?ry landscape or decorate a piece of china. Exchange.Mean Trick.A Mississippi man believed to bethese peasants, the vriting down of j dead woke up and admired the flowersI have started a ?Iagazir,e ir.clNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Special attention given, to Movingand Livery 'Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.- iMrs RosaV.Waflsngford.: MARTIN BROS.their names jeopardizes their chancesof salvation, for it involves the curseof Antichrist, enabling him to set hisseal upon them. During the whole ofthis time the Cossacks have kepttheir identify absolutely intact. Theyspeak a Russian dialect bearing thesame relation to the language of thepresent day as does our modern English to that of Chaucer. They wearthe Russian dress of three centuriesago, and even grow herbs, uncultivat-!(x& dishes that were the food of mediaeval Russia.-Cfte Bourbon mm,1 Q4 Issues a Year forAdvertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.74iiUliliUilUiUli&A Tragedy.All was excitement in the Simperlyhousehold, chortles the PhiladelphiaTimes. Ferdie Finklewix was comingfrom far-off Samoa to claim prettySallie Simperly as his bride.Carefully, and with the light of undying love in her eyes, Sallie Simperly took Ferdie's seven photographsfrom the left hand bureau drawer andarranged them on the piano in theparlor. Tanned by the Samoa tradewinds, Ferdie strode into the parlorto take his beloved in his arms."And my seven pictures have beenever a source of inspiration to youwhile you let your fingers stray overthe keys in some melody of love!" hecried, as the simpering seven met hisgaze.At that moment little Susie Simperly entered the room."O-o-o !" she exclaimed in her innocent childish Nway, "I observe sevenlikenesses on the piano "which I cannot recall having hitherto noticed.""Good night and good-by!" said ferdie Finklewix.his friends had sent h.m Some ofthem probably felt like . sending himthe brlls.ti-- Let Well Enough Alone.They tell of an Emporia womanwho went to the public library to reada cook book It would be a genuinepleasure to the 1 ;7pte to print herpicture Empon:i i Kansas) Gazette.rThe Right Cement for Concrete isSUPERIOR CEMENTCelebrated in the Middle West as the finestground and lowest in magnesia less than 1 percent. This means dense, durable concrete thatwill never crumble. It's a true Portland cementthat will last for ages. Ask for our Free Superior Literature, which gives proportions formixing concrete, etc. Insist on Superior.Union Trust Building. Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co.Snperior Endures,jJ'SEs5ift'5SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky.BrfaSawiBSMGQBfc1 . msseesMB-'ieIHE DRY FALL OUTING T(111 JlWI 1 Il ft AT 1For Home Circie andrnvate3toRoiarsdl s rsp "fromPARIS And all Way StationsREGULAR TRAIN 7:38 A.AH Expenses qit SioteS Only $6.5This includes your board and admission to the several routes in the'eave. One eveningH for a promenade or dance. 'J A GRAND THREE-DAYS OUTING Write or Phone L. & N. Ticket AgtHS3hgvmParties m' i. .SeiJf; 27,M- . Smif5T -Wednesday,Mid- uTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 19, i9U.CITY WATER SHOULDBE BOILED. SAYS BOARDBad Odor - Harmless, WaterFree From ImpuritiesDeclares BodyThe following article appeared inthe Lexington Hersld of Friday andpractically covers the situation existing in Paris:"The Board of Health held a meeting last night at the City Hall and discussedthe water situation ,in Lexington. Messrs. John Stoll and E. B.Ellis, representing fthe WaterworksCompany, were also present. As a result of their discussion the board passed a resolution which was made public, in which they advise the people ofLexington to buil all water from anysource used fur drinking purposes during the hot months."They also stated that there is nodanger from the odor in the water,which has been complained of by agreat many people and that there havebeen no cases of fever traceable to thewater supply of the city! The resolution given out last night fallows;" 'Numerous inquiries having beenmade to the Board of Health cs ti thesafety of the reservoir water fordrinking purposes. The board hasthoroughly investigated this matter. -" 'First, we wish to state that theodor of the water, which is so oftencomplained of is due to no harmfulorganism, but to the presence ofAlage, which are harmless." 'The prolonged dought of the pastEuramer has caused considerable increase of bacteria in the water, but noinfection'has been traced to the water." 'The board, however, as a measureof safety recommends that all waterbe boiled before drinking, until furthernotice from this hoard.- (Signed.)" F. II. CLARKE," 'N.'L. BOSWORTH," 'W. O. BULLUCK," 'Committee of Board of Health.' "Delicious..Whitman's candy i,s simply delicious.We are agents. Fresh lot just in. Allsize boxes.-15 2t VARDEN & SON.Will Return to Tennessee.'p Mr. and Mrs. C J. McLear recentlyreturned from Brittol.Tenn., here theyspent several months, anrounce theywiU retu-n to that cits' Hera they willmake their future home. Mr. andMrs. McLear already have hotelproperty in that city and during theirabsence pirchased a residence. Mr.McLear formerly conducted theWindsor Hotel here and during hisxesidence in Paris he and his estimablewife made a hcsh of friends who regret very much to see them take theirdeparture from the city to take uptheir permanent residence f lsewhere.Notice to Men.Don't fail to come to the McCIintock Building, next door to DanCohen's, and look over the wonderfulline of hats you can have made toyour special order. You'll be surprised at the moderate prices, 2 to$3. Did you ever notice you can'tput paper in a shoe to make it fit; soyou can't put paper in a hat to makeit fibWe take the shape of your headfree and you are assured of a fifcAlso hats cleaned and blocked.CINCINNATI HAT M'G'F. CO.87 nra 22?&fi&0KS-4GENILEMANSSHOEWMMSWMJwji . i-Lsf IOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. M. H. Current continues verylow.Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson continuesabout the same.Mesdames E. M. Neal and R. S.Sanders are improving.Miss Calla Lee McNamara was theguest of relatives at Paris Saturdayi and SundayMrs. Gnrrett Dayton, of Mt. Olivet,arrived Wednesday as the guest of hersister, Mrs. W. C-Collins.Col. C. M. Best took the entirecorps of cadets of the M. M. I. to theCarlisle barbecue Thursday.I Mrs. D. F. Miller, of Keokuk, la.,arrived Wednesday as the guet of hermother, Mrs. M. E. Martin.Mrs. M. E. Hutchcraft retunredSaturday after spending the greaterpart of the summer in Colorado.The best timothy seed always onhand.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. C. W. Howard, of Lexington,was the guest of her sisters, the Missesj Mclntrye, a few days last week.j Miss Sarah Vaught will leaveWednesday to resume her duties in a1 kindergarten at Texarkana, Ark.1 Timothy ssed, seed wheat and seedrye.BUTLER & MLILER.Mr. and Mrs. Abner Evans, of' Flemingsburg, were the guests of Mr.and Mrs. Ashby Leer a few .days lastweek.) Mr. R. n. Hunter left Saturday forhis home at Washington, Ky., afterspending several weeks with relativeshere.! Mr. and Mrs. Forrest Letton andlitlle daughter, of Paris, were guestsSunday of Mrs. Jennie Letton andi family. ', Dickinson's genuine Kanawha saltfor sale. None genuine but Dickinson's. PEALE COLLIER & CO.i Messrs. J. J. Peed and U. S. G.Pepper are among the number wlio ati tended county court it Mt. Sterling1 Monday.i1 Mrs. Mollie Thomas and daughter,Miss Mollie Turner, of Mt. Sterling,'arrived Wednesday as guests of Mrs.j S. B. Turner.Judge T. P. Waddsll. Mr. C. C.i Claike. Mrs. O. W. Ingles and son,Mr. Allen Ingles, have returned from. Swango Springs much improved.1 Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Buflingtou, of, Cincinnati, O., arrived Saturday asguests of Dr. and Sirs. W. M. Miller.iMrs. Bufiigton will remain a week.: Mrs. Elizabeth Jefferson, of Lexington, arrived Saturday after a fewj days' visit to relatives at Sharpsburg,as the guest of her aunt, Mrs. M. J.Caldwell.I Mr. John Turley, aged 87 yea, diedFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.M'Willamsat his home it Heaadquarters Saturdaymorning at 4 o'clock ox genreal debility. He died in the community inwhich ha was born. He was a prosperous farmer and for a number ofyears a prominent tobacco dealer HewaB married .early in life to Miss MaryRitchie and lived to celebrate theirgolden anniversary, she having preceded him to the grave by about threeyear's. He was butied in the Carlislecemetery Sunday after a shore funaralservice at his homeMiss Anna Tune, of Carlisle, wasthe guest of Miss Lillie Del LynchMondayMrs. Wright, of Mayvsille, is theguest of her daughter, Mrs. D. C.Chanslor.Mr. C. B. Hunter, of Pittsburg, Pa.,was the guest of his sister, Mrs. A. F.Best Sunday.Mr. Chas. Rhodes, of Helena, wasthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. R. CChanslor Sunday.Mrs. Mollie Crayand granddaughter,Miss Louise Cray, returned Saturdayafter a protracted visit to relatives atCincinnati, O.Mr. Aaron McConnell was in Mt.Olivet onbusiness Monday. Mrs. McConnell returned with him after beingabsent one week.Mrs. K. R. Vaught left Monday forher home at Parker, Ind., after spending several days with her parents, Mr.and Mrs. T. D. Judy. .Mrs. Minnie Rule and daughter.Mrs.D. B. Judy, of Middlesboio, arrivedSaturday night to be at the bedside ofMi. M. H. Current, who is criticallyill.Miss Nannie Louise Best, Mr. andMrs A. F. Best, Mr. and Mrs. J. F.Caldwell, Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Barnesand son, Mr. J. H. Barnes, attendedthe funeral of Thos. H. Best at Maysville yesterday.Mr. J. H. Burroughs and sister,Miss Nannie Burroughs, and MissAnna Smith left yesterday for theState meeting of the Christian churchat Frankfort. Dr. II. C. Burroughsand Elder F. W. Troy will go later inthe week.The many friends of Rev. G. L.Kerr will learn with sorrow of herdeath last Wednesday at her home atHickory Grove, S. C, after a lingeringillness. For several years Rev. Kerrwas pastor of the Associate ReformPresbyterian church heie. He begunmarried life while in this charge andhis first daughter, Rebecca, was bornhere.Mr. A. T. Vimont sold on Thursdayhis farm of 107 acres just east of townat pubile sale to Mr. W. E. Wilson, ofMt. Sterling, for $120 per acre. Itwill ue remembered that Mr. Vimontwas compelled to go to Colorado inJuly, on account of failing health,where he will porbably make hisfuture hnme. Mrs. Vimont will joinhim as soon as their buisness is arranged here.$5 Reward.A reward of $5 will be paid for thereturn of the Ranger Bicycle taken atthe fair grounds Saturday night and noquestions will be asked.12 3t JACK WOODS.Paris Breaks Even Vith theColts.Faris broke even with the Lexingtonaggregation in the first two game3 ofthe pest season series which was inaugurated in this city Saturday afternoon. The first game was to havebeen played here Friday, but a heavydownpour, which came a few" minutesbefore the game was to have beencalled prevented the opening contest.Saturday afternoon the locals, withHauser on the mound and on muddyfield succeeded in putting a coat ofwhite wash over the Yancey aggregation, while off of Vallandinghamthey put over four tallies. Hauser wasvery effective and held the Colts tothree hits. .The game Sunday in Lexington waswon by the Colts in an exciting ninthinning finish and by a margin cf onlyone run The game would' have goneinto extra rounds had not Scheneberg,who was playing in the outer gardens,dropped a fly which let in the winningrun, the score being 2 to 1.Shears and Robbins opposed eachother in the second contest and whileboth were wild, hits wnre few, eachside securing but five. Robbins washit harder than the Paris hurler, twoof the safeteis of the Bourbonitesgoing for extra bases.For September.Come fn and examine the Septemberbargains we are offering in wall papernothing ever seen in Paris like it before. We are ready to put it on thewall at once.J. T. HINTON.Columbus Drafts ManagerShelton.That Mayvsille'will be compelled tolook for another man to pilot theRivermeh during the coming season isevidecned by the fact that the Columbus team bads drafted Manager JShelton, who for a part of the presentseason was fat the head of the fastriver aggregation. The report ofSecretary John Farrell.of the NationalAssociation was made public Saturdayfollowing the close cf the draftingseason for Class A clubs, which endedFriday at midnight.Manager Shelton succeeded Mackev.who started the season at the head ofthe Maysville club, but after it wastoo late to put the club in the runninglor ine pennant. However by hisclever knowledge of the game he succeeded in pulling the team, that hadgone to pieces under careless management, together and in a short time-hadthem playing winning ball, landingthe club in third position at the closeof the season, and close on the heels ofLexington for second place.From the first Shelton won his wayinto the confidence of the Maysvillepeople in his efforts to give them awinning team, and as a result made alarge number of friends, while overthe circuit he established a reputationof being a clean ball player and agentleman on the field -as well as off.Hid place on the Maysville club willbe hard to fill.To the Voters of Paris:BBBaMMMyMaiilMMMBMaiMMHHBMWe, the undersigned candidates for the Democratic nomination for Councilmen. submit for yourconsideration the following reasons why you should endorse the policies for which we stand andwhich have been adopted by the Mayor and a majority of the present Council:The city has never in its history been in better condition in ev.ery way than at presentThis administration has hnilt rnnrp npw ctiTpptc: onri ropnnofwi.f0i v, ia j -. i -,.where needed more pavements than has ever been done before in the same length of timea n6W ir0C cru1her1 has been installed at the quarry, a new horse-drawn street sweeper boughtthe streets kept well oiled, lights put m new sections of the city, the water mains extended 1 OOofeet of new hose furnished the fire department, the hose wagon and other equipment thoroughlyfm teams Pvided; the usual interest ; and$12 000 of the city's bonded debt has been paid when due; 1,500 or more added to the public schoolfund; a deficit of several thousand dollars that faced this administration at the beginning has JteenxaKen up.All of this has been done vith the poll tax taken off and with the property tax reduced 10c andwith not a dollar borrowed in the present year, as has been necessary for a number of toms beforeThe assessments were made by the Board of Supervisors, whose fairness is uncmestionable mfdwhose endeavor was to put all classes of property on the same basis so that nclass should beassessed out of propostion to any other. suouia DeAn itemized statement was published, showing every dollar expended, and a total of the exDenditures of each department of the city government. expenThe present administration has furnished, and is ready to furnish, every equipment and safeguard necessary for the protection of the life, property and rights of the citizens, t?i ? Ce 1:aV! b8s:l aPPinfc?d wherever and whenever needed, and it is 'an undisputed factthat there has never been a time her, il, city has had less lawlessness or fewer chun?en loiterson the streets, and tnr.t Vno pobes force has preserved the very best of "order under all cteumstancesWhen the Gas and ; .lectnc Light plants were purchased by the same party which Sfuld T nothave been prevented by a.-y authority, the consolidated concern was required to riVets new charterthe same rates, nghts and privileges that had been given under the separate concerns- IS6?1 this administi-ation have given the most active and careful attentionto healthful conditions and there has never been known in the history of the city t period whenbetter health was enjoyed by the entire, community. The Mayor and health officers have induced thethe fstandE arrangement and are urging them to add to the heiht ofInstead of having crippled the fire department, as has been accused, it has been strengthened bythe appointment of sober, careful men and every equipnrsnt considered necessary, and the re "ord offire losses for the past two years has demonstrated that the losess have been reduced to a Sumbelongs B f tbe third Class instead of the fourCh c!ass to whkh ?SSIt is a well known fact that under the high license system adonted by this administration thatthe liquor laws have been more strictly observed than ever before, and if minors frequent saloonsltis because those who seem to have such information have failed to inform the prooes dty authorities?? Sp? e neeef,slty.of appealing to the grand jury, whose duty it is to enforce the aws inthe city of Pans as well as m any other part of the county. It is to be hoped that the grand Murycan induce these gentlemen to make known these secrets of the law-breakers which they nrofess toknow and yet so zealously guard. We are pledged to no men for positions, but if elected shall plaeem office only such men as are worthy and capable of filling their positions with credit and who arefollowers of those old time i Democratic principles which mean a government for the whole peopleand not lor any manor set of men who may seek office for their own honor or profit We shallfavor paying sufficient wages and no more than will secure to the city the best services ofcompetent men.The mayor has two years yet ;to serve, and in the light of the above facte, which clearly showtnat Jie city government during his administration has been carefully and economically managedgiving to Paris the name of being the livest and best improved city of its class in the State it is tothe city s best interest that the e should serve with him a council favorable to the policies that hehas aaopted with such marked success for the city's good.If elected, we pledge ourselves to stand by his policies whenever they are shaped by as o-oodjudgment as they have been in the past, and even at the risk of being accused of being ruled byone man, we pledge ourselves to accept his leadership in whatever may be for the public welfareAsking you to judge us from our past services and our promise to continue to serve as best weres1 ectivwards Whle people, we most resPectf ully ask your support in our- .First WardW.T. BROOKS,C. P. COOK,. ' ' ' GEO. D. SPEAKES:Second WardW. O. HINTON,CHAS. E. BUJLEPv, 'J. S. WILSON.Third WardH. L. BALDWIN.Nine in Police Court.Yesterday was a busy day for JudgeE. B. January , in Police Corut, nineviolators being before His Honor forminor infractions of the law, most ofthe number being up for drunkennessand disorderly conduct. The followingcases were disposed of: Geo. Baker,colored, arunk, $7 50;Roy Allen, same;James Neal, white, same; JamesBeard, colored, same; John English,white same; Geioge Lawa, colored,same; Mary Anne Scruggs, loitering,$7.50; John Allen, colored, disorderly, $7.50 Veach Williams, colored,drunk, $7.50;Harness Thief Arrested.Geo Weekley, colored, was arrestedyesterday by Patrolman C. 'B. Thoamson complaint of Dick Ross, who cordcuts a stable on High street. Weekley is alleged to have stolen a set ofharness from the stable. His trial isset for Thursday morning at teno'clock.UURff liJohnson's Trial Set.Walter Johnson, colored, chargedwith shooting Lafayette Hunt, z agroceryman, near this ,city lastWednesday afternoon, will be arraigned before Judge Dundon Thursdaymorning at ten o'colck for his examining trial.Third Game With Colts Today.The third of the eleven game serieswill ibe played at White Park thisafternoon bfltween the Colt3 and Bourbonites. The contest will create quitean interest owing to the standing ofthe clubs at the present time in thisseries, each having won one gamesince the series began last Friday.Manager McKernan, who has beenin Michigan for several days, returnedto Paris yesterday morning and will bein the game at his eld position at thesecond station this afternoon. McKernan was accompanied home by JohnScott, a member of the Bourboniteaggregation which carried off the pennant honors last year. Scott is fieshfrom a successful season ith theFlint, Mich., team and has been drafted by tbe St. Louis Nationals. He willbe seen in the Palis line-up this afternoon and will play a position in theo'jtfield.Mayer leaving the club to join theWhite Sox at Washington, necessitatedthe calling of another catcher and McKernan has secured Catcher Hennegan,o the" Austin, Texas, club, who willwear a Pans uniform until the presentserifs is rlosed. Scheneberg, who haspucneci rourteen games in a row andwon as many will probably hurl forthe locals this aftprroon. The Champsare determined to take the series fromthe Colts and will put up their bestefforts this afternoon. The game willbe called at 3:15 o'clock.Case Continued.As the result of a difficulty of adivision fence separating the propertyof the principals near North Middletown Tom Johnson of that place is alleged to have drawn a revolver uponO. H. Peters and at the instance ofthe latter a warrant was issued fromthe county court and Johnson wasarrested charged with assaultinganother with a deadly weapon. Thecese came up tor trial in the countycourt Saturday afternoon resulting inthe case beirg continued until TuesdaySeptember 26.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire" Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSB ERG'S.Insurance Men Meet.The reauhr Annual Ccnvenficn i:fthe Metropolitan Life Insurance representatives cf Central and EasternKentucky was held at the company'soffice in the Wilson building in thiscity on Saturay. The meeting wasopened at 10 a. m., the pricipal adresses being made by Mr. J. H. Im-: mel, Superintendent of acencies fromi the company's home office in NewYork. Adcrssses were -also made bythe local superintendent, Mr. J. TLynch and by Supt. R. C. Ware, ofLexington district.2 Those present compose the Parisdistrict as follows: J. T. Lynch,superintendent, Paris; R. C. Ware,superintendent Lexington; J. H. Immel sjperintendent of agencies, NewYork; Dr. F. M. Faries, medicalexaminer, Paris ; R. E. Morris, A. G.Slicer, G. W. Ogden, L. D. Redmon,E.T . Rule, Paris; E. Stump, Carlisle;E. M. Mann, assistant superintendent,F. E. Lcomis: 2T. F. TrimhlP. J. J, Ecton, P. B. Hodgin, Winchester; C.v. Mcuonald. Mt. Sterling: F, M.Slivers, Richmond ; R. H. Faris, Stanford; M. L. Chambers, assistantsuperintendent, Jones, Corbin;W. H.Hilton, Pinevillei W. E. Gibson, A.Prewitt, Middlesboro; A. L. Monholland, Jellico, Tenn; H. Toy, assistantsuperintendent, C. F. Reed, W. M.Breeze, Maysville; G. E. Mearns, Ripley, O ; S. A. LaForge, Flemingsburg ;J. T. Tucker, assistant superintedent,J. H. Smith, E. Brewsaugh. Cynth:am; F. W. Stith, Falmouth, and D. hjJordan, ot this city.The condition of the company'saffairs in Central and Eastern Kentucky which composes the Paris district, are in the most flourishing condition. The 1911 production of newbusiness being greater than for anyyear in the company's hisotry in thissection of Kentucky.After the morning session adjournedat 12:30 o'clock the thirty -3ix representatives repaired to Crosdale's cafe,wherti a sumptuous banquet was serv-ec."i !!!' hii iiiiiiiii-umA-ga.vjiiiti inn im BUhwMayer Leaves to Join White SoxWalter Mayer, the star Bourbonitebackstop, left last night for Cincinati.from wihch place he will leave forWashinngton where he will join theWhite Sox, by which club he was purchased from the Minneapolis club, whoacquired the Paris catcher through adeal which was closed at the earlypart of the season, by which theMillers were to have the pick of theParis club in consideration of the relesse of McKelvey and Shears.Mayer's rise in base ball has beenvety rapid, as this is the first year hehas played professional ball, cominghere from Cincinnati after catchingfor several semi-professional teamsarenrd the Queen City. He first attracted attention when the Reds madean offer to take him on their tripSouth last spring and McKernan being::rbort of a man to take the position ofcatcher, di ought him to Paris. &)Mayer was by far the be3t windpadartist in the Blue Grass and BillyDoyle, a scout for the St. LouisAmerican, made an offer of $1,500 forhis release but thp Paris managementcould not accept on account of theagreement with Minneapolis. Mayerhas had a hard season and it is fearedby his friends this will affect his playing when he joins the Sox. However,it is hoped he will be able to stick inthe fast company and his career willbe watched with a great deal of interest by the local fans.New Trimmer.We have been fortunate this year inobtaining the services of Miss BlanchePlummer, one of the best trimmers inthe business. Miss Plummer is athorough graduate of the art and hashad thorough training. If the ladiesof this section want something swellthis fall thev should wait for our falldisplay on October 5th.15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Will Entertain Hamilton Guards.The Hamilton Guards, an organization of the children of the Confederacy, perfected in this city recently,will be the guests of Mrs. RobertStoner at her new home, "Oakland,"on the Cane Ridge pik, near this city,Thursday. September 21, from 3 to 5,to meet Mrs. Stcner's mother, Mrs.John S. Williams. Mrs. Stoner andMrs. Williams both reside in Mt. Sterling, and the former taking quire aninterest in the juvenile oiear.isation,has arranged this entertainment fortheir pleasure. All of the children,members of this organization, art rp-quested to meet in the Cofpderatroom in the court house at 3' o'clockWednesaay afternoon.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 19,-1911(HE BOURBON NEWS.twffinfc?4ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGInsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Sells City PropertyW. S. Kiser sold yesterday to Mrs.Alice 0 Connell a house and lot on jNineteenth street for the sum of$1,600.Kowerton firatz Improving.A steady improvement in the condition of Howerton Giatz, who was oneof the injured in the automobile accident which occured near this city onthe night of September o, is noted andhis physicians now er.terts.in hopes ofhis recovery.V?re Save Ygu Money.Wall paper bargains all during themonth of September. Come see foryourself. We save you rnonpy.J. T. HINTON.Closed Saturday.Being a sscred holiday called Roshpfarni, cr New Year. Price & Co.,ClotHerc, will be clGsed all day Saturday, September 2'4 and open that even; t? t 6 pf m. and would be pleasedif tbair friends that want something inrnir line to come before Saturday orikiturday night.Just Received.No candy is as good as Whitman's.We are agents. lVe sh lot just in.15 2t VARDEN & SONFarm Leased."Mr. Harry O. James has leased hisfarm of 162 acres on the Ruddies Millspike to Mr. Moidecai Myers, of nenrLittle Rock, for a term of fcvp years.Mr. Myers is to pay a rental of Sl.C.uOper year, possession to be given inMarch. 1912. Mr. James will returnto Paris to leside.About Children's Clothing.We devote rr.ore space and have a:g&r assortment of children's clcthesthan you will find in a ciy three timfFthe size of Paris You'll fcd scltcting a suit for the bey cav here.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Will Teach at Owenshoro.Miss Mary Barrett Srnifb, or Ricl -raond,a graduate of the Stale University, has secured a position in the public schools at Owersbsro, where shewill teach this year. Miss Smith iswell known in Paris, having been afrequent visitor to Miss Helen Daugrerty in this city.McCIure & Cfendertin writeHre and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.New Vocalist at the Comet.Manager R. S. Porter, of the CnmetTn&etre.has secured Miss Ruby Tudor,of Lexington, as vocalist. Miss Tudorang vesterdav afternoon and pveninra d scored a d stinct u cess. She gvi 1ue heard this afterroon an evening ina rew song and during the week willrender a number of the latest NewYork successes.It's for You to Decidewhether your hatstiff. Both are heregreat range of stylescolors and finishes.will be soft orin abundance ain all the newSole agents forSole agents for Knox and Stetson hts?4 and $5.J. W. UAVS & CO.Bean Shooters Again.Bean shooters have again made thierappearance and are much in evidenceamong the boys of the town. While itmay appear the toys are harmless,there is danger in their use and theauthorities should put a stop to theblowing of beans through the instruments on the streets.The Carpet Store.If you need a carpet or rug go to acarpet store for it. Our stock is complete, the prices low and the qualitythe highest.n" J. T. HINTON.Paris Groceryman as a Director.At the semi-annual meeting of theRetail Grocers' Association of Kentucky, held in Louisville last week,Mr. C. P. Cook.of this city, was elected as one of the directors of the association. At this meeting the grocersentered protest against the issuance oftrading stamps as premiums to customers and submitted resolutions urgingthe government to reduce the tax onoleomargarine. The body also madean appeal for higher wages for theworking man.Fine Box Candies.We ar agents for Whitman's finebox candies. New shipment just in.15 2t VARDEN & SON."Uncle Tom's Cabin" at theGrand Saturday.On rpyfc Saturday nicht at the Grandwill be presented for the first time inthis city the motion pictures of" UncleTom's Cabin." This picture is one ofthe greatest sensations of the presentseason. It is in three reels of onethousand feet eacb.and tells the entirestory! of Harriett Beecher Stowe'sbook. There will be two performances,the first commencing at 7:30 o'clockand the second at 8:45. The admissionwill be ten cents to all parts of thehouse.For School Children.Tablets, pens, inks, pencils and allkinds of school supplies for the children. Our prices are a little lower4h2n any other store. V1TTT . XTmf ' - T. LENIHAN.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Mary D. Ingles, ofis visiting her brother, Mr.Darvillr,Geo. W.Davis.Dr. Bruce Anderson, who has beenon a business trip to Texas, has returned home.Mr. and Mrs. HenryJPower attended the Metnodist conference in Richmond Friday.Mis. Rhoda Conway and niece,Miss Louise Armstrong, are visitingin Cincinnati.Mr. Chas. Link,visiting his parents,of Chicago, isMr. and Mrs.Robert Link.Mrs. Kittie Owens and daughter,Mis3 Renah, have returned from a visit in Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Ashurst andson left Sunday for a two weeks' visitto relatives in Virginia.Miss Lucille Price hes leturnedfrom Chicago after a protracted visitto relatives in that city.Mrs. Robert Ferguson, of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. Jas.-H.Thompson, near this city.Mr. Oscar Hir.ton will leave Friday for Ann Arboi, Michigan, to begina four years' coruse in college.Mis Nora Baldwin has returnedfrom Georgetown where she has beenvisiting Mrs. James Baldwin.Mrs. Rebecca Gass, of Denver,Col., will atrive in a fev nays for avisit to Mrs. Georgia Wright.Messrs. Harry and Eldin Gray ofDayton 0., are here spending bsveraldajs with relatives and friends.Mr. and Mrs. Briggs, of NewYork, have returned home after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Jo Varden.Mrs. Elizabeth Crouch of Oklahcma.City, Okla . Js the guest cf hersister Mrs. Henry Ingles, near thiscity.Y? and Mrs. R.Grsno Rapids, Mich.,of Mr. and Mrs. F. PL. Robbins, ofare the guestsKiser on Hcus-lea avenue.Mrs. J. W. Brown has arrivedfrom Tennessee to join her hu?band.Ihtyare located at Dr. Plenty's enCypress street.Messrs Frank Roche and RobertShea left Sunday for an extended tripto Chieapo, Detroit and other pointsof interest en the Great Lakes.Mr?. Georgia Wright and daughter, Missi Annie Wright, who havebetn visiting at Pisgah, Woodfordcounty, have leturned home.5r. Hiram Redmon hss returnedto Lis home in North Middletown ai-tf'-a visit to bis uncle, Mr. G. LeeReomon and wife in Louisville.Mr.Dcuglas Thomas Jr., was tskento the.St. Joseph Hospital LsxingtcnFriday whpre he underwent an operation snd from last accounts is resting well.Miss Margaret Morrison has returned lo'her home in Cfnrelston, W.Va., after spending the summer withher grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. D.Butler, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. W. R. Swearengen and littledaughter, Eleanor, who have beenspending the summer with Mis. Swearengen's father, Mr. Geo. R. Davis,have returned to their home in Chicago.Mr. Taylor Chandler, who hasbaen visiting his parents, Rev. andMrs. M. T. Chandler, in Harrodsburg,has returned to Pans. Mr. Chandlerhas resigned his position with the drygoods firm of Frank & Co. and has accepted a poistion on the L. & N. railroad. Mrs. Nellie Stoker Highalndentertained with a card party Fridayafternoon for Miss Bessie Wilson andthe Five Hudred Club A few outsidefriends were invited. An elaboratefive course luncheon was served. Thedecorations were delicate pink carnations and smilax. Those presentwere: Bessie and Florence Wilson,Lou'Kriiffin Howard, Martha Wyattand Con'nne Collins, Mesdames FrankKiser, Luther Ricp, Loagn Howard,Withers Davis, Thornwell Tadlock,Monroe Mansfield, Watson Judy, t William Scott and Mrs. Matt Thornton. .Mrs. Grover Baldwin entertainedthe euchre club at her home on SouthMain street Saturday afternoon. Whilethe guests were inited to play cardsthe object of the party was to arinoucne the engagement of Miss NoraAlleyne Baldwin to Mr. Alfred RichardDavis, of Kenosha, Wis., the marriageto be celebrated on October 24. MissBaldwin is an attractive youngwoman, very popular and the youngersister of Messrs. Harry Boone andGrover Baldwin, of this city. Mr.Davi is the Spanish correspondent forthe Simmons Manufacturing Co., atKenosha. The guests present were:Misses Nannie ani Clara BelleO'Neill, Durothy Talbott, Annie Eadsreed, Florence and tsessie wussn,Edith Myall, Corinne Collins, HelenDaugherty, Nora Baldwin and Elizaheth Jasper. Mesdames Luther Rice,Frank Kiser and Grover Baldwin.0 The Daily News of Dallas, 'Texas,contained the following of an entertainment given in honor of Dr. andMrs. A. H. Keller, of this city, who isthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Morgan in that city:"Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Morgan, Jr.,opened their new home in JunuisHeights Friday evening with a heartparty to honor their cousin. Miss Keller, of Kentcuky. Miss ElizabethGraham in a count with Miss ReginaAdkins won the first favor, the latterwinning the trophy."Mr. Wicks and A. R. Kreichbaum,of Fort Worth, tied for the gpntleman'sfavor, the latter winning the trophy.The consolation favor fell to Mr. Newsum. "The gues's were Misses ElizabethGrahsm, Lula Brooke Moragn, LeilaKeller and Margaret Foute; Messrs.Ernest Robbins, Tom Garnett, P. E.-Wicks. Bozier, A. R. Kreichbaum andA. G. Newsum, Jr."Mr. and Mrs. Morgan were assistedby Mrs. C. G. Morgan, Sr., Mrs, A.G. Newsum, Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Chapman, Mr. and Mrs. Preston D. Oates,Miss julizabeth Morgan and Mrs. ScottBoawer, of Fort Worth.".I" Mr. V. D. Chandler, of Knignt'sKey, Fla., arrived last night to be theguest of his father-in-law, Mr. W. H.H. Johnson, on Mt. Airy avenue.Mrs. J. O. Marshall and son, William, returned yesterday after a visitto Mrs. Marshall's mother, Mrs M. E.Lydick, at Cynthiana.A'r andMrs. John McClinto! k "returned Sunday to their home in Huntington, W. Vp., after a visit to thef jime.'s sister, Mrs. C. N. Fithian.,Preserving Pears.Now is the time toCall 207.preserve pears.C. P. COOK.ChristianChurchLeased.PropertyBy the terms of a deal consummatedFriday the old Christian churchproperty at the corner of Main andEihgth streets, passes into the handsof the firm of Stuart & O'Brien, thelocal commission firm, on a lease oftwo and one half years, and the Jirmretains an option on the property "withthe privileges of purchase at1 the expiration of the lease.Mr. J. T. Hinton, who owns theproperty, granted the lease and optionin consideration of an annual rental ofS750 during the life of the lease and ifStuart & O'Brien desire to purchasethe property before the expiration ofthe option they can do so by the payment of 58,000.The b"ilding will be remudele'J, thecupola will be torn down and a brickaddition will be erected on the vacantground in tront Gf the building whichwill be used as an office. Tne bripkdwelling house in the rear, at thecorncr of Eighth and High street will berazed and the space in the rear of theold structure will be utilized for yarc'age. Work on the impovements will beginimmediately and a force of men were?.t work Saturday removing the treesfrom the front of the Told building tomake room for the cfiice building.The improvements will be pushed toco rpietion at the earliest possibledate. The warehouse and yard onlhiid street now occupied by Stuart& O'Brien, were recently sold to theLouisville & ralwille railroad by theMassic estate and as soon as the firmof Stuart & O'Brien can secure possession cf their new quarters the buildingthv' will vacate v. ill be torn away touake room ior the double track ot theL. & N.Heating Stoves.Our line of new heaters is complete.Don't try to put up thai old stove.Come in and letkus nx you up right.Prices within reachA. F. WHEELER & CO.MATfiMGNiAL.A msniaga license was ifsuedSaturday to Mr. CUuoe Finney andMiss Peatl Ilynes. Both ar9 fromMeans, Menifee county.Splendid Bills at the Comet thisWeek.Manage. 'Porter, of the CometTheatre, has arranged for an exceptionally good series of pictures thisweek. For tonight and thi3 afternoonthe bill will be "The Cardinal's Edict"and "Advertising for Mama." ForWednesday "A Broken Life" and"Wherein 1 here's a Will There's aWay." For Thursday one of the mostwonderful pictures ever porduced, "TheAutomobile Races at Indianapoils,"and "When the Tables Were Turned."For Friday "The Thonughbreds" and"The Power and the Gbry." OnSaturday "Falstaff" and "The Blueand the Gray."FOR RENT.Homo place of Mrs. Kate ButlerKinder, three and one-half miles fromParis on Cane Ridge pike. 35 acres forcorn, 40 acres for wheat, 10 acres fortobacco. Mever failing water. Moneyrent. Possession given March 1, 1912.East Tennesseephone 746.MRS. KATE B. KINDER,300 East Main St.,19 2t Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.A few selected yearling Southdownbucks.JAS. H. THOMPSON,15 3t Route 8, Paris, Ky.I will offer at gDublic sale on thepremises one-half mile from Millersburg, on Mayvsille and Lexington pikeas administrator of Rachael J. Chanslor, deceased, at1 O'clock p. m., Sept. 30, '1 1the following property :1 bay horse about 11 years old.Good work mare, 9 years old.1 yearling mule.2 long yearling steers.1 mikh cow.4 brood sows.12 gilts.69 head of shoats.The hogs are all thoroughbred DurocJerseys.Lot of household furniture.J. C. JEFFERSON,Administrator.Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Good stable onpremises. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.29 tf E. T. Phone 591.t International Corn Husker good asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.23 tf - . R.F.D. No. 3.PublicChicken Thieves Captured.An orgnaized band of chicken thievesthat have been operating in thevicinity of Georgetown, composed ofHenry Leach, John Fox, Tom Harrisand Chas. Givens, have been arrestedand held to the grand jury on a grandlarceny chacrge. The men are said tohave committed their depredatoins atnight in a horse and carriage, hiredfrom a livery stable.Now On Sale.Lots of fall hats now on sale. Streethats, tailored hats and the swellestline of drees hats that we ever had arenow ready. Remember cur opening isnot until October 5.15 3t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale nowgon atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.PUUHLBUSIfTTvasnt"i&.P.,EMt!tr-!T;HVhmMzff-l- J$$wJttta(tmmmiS&.v.CtnIUXP)T.y ci.. K.z.ij.n.rjziand go to the theatreSounds funny, doesn't it?Yet that's exactly what youcan do when you own aVictor stay at home andenjoy the finest kind of a performance. The srreatestsingers, musicians and comedians in the world are atyour command, and youcan arrange a program tosuit yourself.Stop in today and get a Victor foryour home. Any styie Victor ($10 to$100) or Victor-Victrola ($75 to $250)you prefer on easy monthly payments.The costof a few theatre tickets amonth will pay for the permanentenjoyment of the Victor.DssigiietvJBros.I will sell you LAWN andbeen able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKSIT.qJk. jyk&im.JWWf Li CAr 7JsafiafeiSraa&s$sm.r&qm3S3r&... - &JSy ' ?i ' I. HAVE SOME .7 TO OFFER YOU ON 7f "K -w ?,Iilli,!,V",,,''ivl"'i! "'! I ITT 1 f3 i liF-Vi M11 ' ! HS.VfA r-, -V-rv nif o -r-S sSfPP'WftMmS Muffins i2 -M -y --:--v iltP mk and y1C9S&:' Sill 11 I?-- ro 79 Reductions m I f il-JjlJ Jt A.JL UllA) kFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating. a ;TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. 0. 'Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home Thone 286.!I These Are Opening Days With Us.J Our line of Fall Merchandise is the largest and bestJ selected in the history of our business, and consists of thelatest and choicest of the Eastern markets.Dress Goods.mQ The new Scotch Mixtures, Serges, Silks, Wool Poplins, &c.Velvets For Suits and Dresses.White Corduroy, the Novelty.H Our Silks are Beautiful Beyond Description.Dress Trimmings The largest in this part of the State.Red Letter Day,Wednesday, September 27th.Ten (10) S. & H. Green Trading Stamps Free. -mmmmm & $ t"m WWTMWE ARE READY FOR YOUg!!!ZTjftfasmiBiiakXMMMtHfriiitmFor ThisChase & Sanborn's SpecialCoffee, 30c value, par1 !Chase & Sanborn's Bonita Tea,75c value, per lb 1Chase 8c Sanborn's High-Grade Coffee,35c value, per lbJohn Hoffman's Cured Meats and Dried Salts,j Market Price.Paris Purity Flour, 25-ib. sack 70cParis Fairy Patent Flour, 25-lb. sackFresh Pies and Cakes Daily.( W-f V fcV ... -.i.miiii .ihiiihi,uhi inn I mmimun I I ajinm HIiSiw m J? Hi J3 ftPORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.PECiiNrToisrParis? L.3rmSVtTuckermmw 33EiHeeiin n irmiTiii i ii in rw iininniMiiin. r nmnpecmis.Week.BrandlbV...: 65casmm$- .-1V,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 19, 1911.ivLAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TFfiIt may be taken for granted thatthere is no family that Joes not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of letters frommothers, and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C. K Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. ,The reason they prefer Syrup Pep-sin is that it is a mild, gentle laxative-tonic that does not gripe- effective and yet so mud that DaDies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen thestomach and bowel muscles so thatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to Dr.Caldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.UMVi 1m&mmwmm$mawmiTWIN BROS-,Clothing DepartmentIIWe Are Now Showing Our. Complete Line ofFall Fine Clothing, Shoes, Hats and Furnishing Coods.At .$15 we are showing a nobby line of newbrown Suits in the famous Schloss Bros, makethey are exceptional values.Lain Brand and Chults Shirts at $1 and $1.50.W. L. Douglas & Co. Shoes at 2.50, 3, $3.50and 4 'French's fine hand-hame SIioqs io: men specialat $4.Hawes Van Gal Hats at $3 host in tke world.We are showing a full line of Trunks, Suit Gasesand Traveling Bags.massS3ISPsr3ZJ:SSS3!mm?1LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Departmentfl.Y VwiV !! 'fslh 'JMt fyjfiX vJiJi Mw lSit ifJkSk vftfcS iSj! vitfv .JiawH-JFTBftiTLrx $H4 a AaHM. JJJjijaaEiyaaJfrajrMKC3EBBtuiiu.liij'i' ni i-qL tSLQtifie-tabl;fIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:39 P. M.No.34134297104037302332625913838539308321431)No.34'429 -7401013737331336262538939, 32813303113Trains rrrve yFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daiiy -. 5 21Lexington, Ky., Daily .- 5.18Gynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ."" 7.35Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 753Lexington, Ky r Daily Except Sunday 8.12Cincinnati, O., Dnily 9.50Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.02Cincinnati, O., Daity 10.18Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50Oynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily -. . .3.25Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.40Cincinnati, 0 . Daily Except Sunday 5.40Lexington, Ky., Daily 6 12Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01Jacksonville, Fla.. Daily .G 17Lexington, Ky.. Daily.' 10.35Cincinnati, O., Daily 10H5Trains JDe-psirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.2S amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am.-Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.43 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 airMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday v. 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn. , Daily '. 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.23 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.21 amMaysville, K., Daily r , 11.5 amCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7 11.54 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pmCincinnati. O., Daily 3.4o pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday p 5.4s pmLexington, Ky.. Daily -Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O. , Daily ". r. 6.22 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday G 25 pmLexington, Ky., Daily . . .6.25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday G.35 pmLexington, K., Daily , 10.53 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.f5 pmamamamam jamam ,am jam Iamam jampmpmpmpmpmpmDmampmpm!pmA Premeditated ActSome new tenant3 occupied the flatbelow the Kings. The occupants ofthe Le Rex apartments were notedfor their sociability. But to all eventsand purposes the Swifts were exclusive and did not seek other companythan their own., "I don't understand it at all," confided Mrs. Jennings as she seated herself on Mrs. King's back porch. "Thepoor thing is so abused. How herhusband talks to her. He doesn'ttalk, he yells, shouts, screams andshrieks at her."Don't she answer him?" questionedsympathetic Mrs. King."The angrier he gets, the more shelaughs and even when I've seen her goout he continues to scold and gibberjabber to himself. Once I heard thatman fairly exult because she was suffering with a sore throat.""Probably for the first time in thetwenty years of your existence you'llknow enough to keep quiet," he said."Something mysterious about them.Never a soul calls on them.""Oh the butcher's boy informed methey just moved from another town.called there one afternoon andthough no one answered the door bellI could distinctively hear peals oflaughter. Listen to that'now.""Can't you ever stop, you "mummyskull," came the words from a distance in an exasperated tone. "I'llthrow something at you if you utteranother syllable.""Heavens, if worst comes to worstand any attempt is made to barm thatexquisite child-like wife, I'll hasten toher rescue."Things seemed to go from bad toworse in apartment No. 2. Strange,however, when the young couple leftthe flat together, they could easilyhave been mistaken for a congenial,happy, care tree pair.The neighbors felt diffident aboutcalling on Mrs. Swift until Mrs. Jennings appointed herself as committee ofone to make a formal visit. As sheapproached the door a masculine voicecould be heard saying:"I'll not put up with this any longer. You think that you can swear atmo until eternity, but you're mistaken.Some day I'll wring your neck."Mrs. Jennings flew back to her flatand telephoned tlie police that a manwas threatening his wife and her lifewas endangered, then waited inbreathless horror.Mr. Swift was amazed to see a bigburly policeman when he opened thedoor, razor in hand."No, we don't keep a dog," he saidimpatiently."But you keep a wife, where isshe?" said the policeman, looking atthe razor meaningly."My wife is downtown shopping.!'"A likely story. Didn't you threatento wring her neck a few momentsago?" "Maybe yo . found cutting iteasier.""To wring my wife's neck?" repeated Mr. Swift in astonishment.Just then a voice came from thedining room sayinjg, "Go to h . Go toh ."Come with me and I'll introduceyou to the party whose neck I'll wringthe first opportunity, regardless of allthe gossipy neighbors and policemanin the world," said Mr. Swift.When the policeman saw an uglygreen panot winking at him he uttered a few choice oaths apologizedfor his intrusion.The neighbors must have been informed who the anticipated victimwas, as the next day Mrs. Swift wassurprised at her sudden popularityand of all the articles most admiredin her home the parrot was most admired.ET"2"TJKiS"fc -'Sk ' Su. Jt,JJZtLmJe!JZJL- &.IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.,Traiiis .A-rrrv"No. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda . . ., 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 40 pm8 r Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ; . . .6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only ! 10. 00 pmrrraixxs XDepsirt;No.TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only . 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F aukfort, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday . 5.55 amv "Losing the Drop.""When a man whips out a 'gun andgets 'the drop' on you, there's nothing else to do but throw up yourhands and let him have whatever heants.""That's where you fool yourself,".said the man from the southwest. "Ifa man has the nerve he can face agun and get away with it sometimes.I remember seeing in a border saloonan Englishman pull a gun on a Mexican whom he had caught cheating ina game of cr.rds." 'You give me back the moneyyou've won from me or I'll blow yourhead off!'"'You will?' said the Mexican, looking calmly into the muzzle of theEnglishman's revolver. Well, youwon't do it just now; that gun's notloaded.'" 'What's that?' exclaimed the Englishman, turning the revolver towardhimself to look into the chambers.And on the instant the Mexican drewa knife and planted it to the hilt inthe Englishman's stomach."l'.HM'MlMlJWiT7BTrWI1Bloodin Loosens the phlegm (Cough immediately and per- IChecker manently, cures auougn. uroup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and Lun?Affections. The best remedy for 1iiiiuicu. uu, out; auu da.uu a uouuie.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaffney, S.C. says:1 1 have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andj He the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Erooks, Agent.j Wisdcrp of Women.I Man who went to sleep with all hishair awoke to find half of it cut off.I Ought to take a tip from the woman., They always ut theirs away for thenight. New York Herald.J Cut.Ella She is considered the flowerof the family. Stella And since heroperation she feels, she says; thatshe can be classed in the list of "cutflowers." Aj- t. if '1Qualified for Free Trip."I want a .pass," said a forlorn-lookingindividual as he entered the officeof J. J. Geary, general passenger agentof the Northwestern Pacific."Pass?" queried Geary. "You're notentitled to a pass. You are not anemploye. Sorry.""No," answered the individual, "buthere the anti-pass law says free transportation can be granted to 'necessary caretakers of live stock, poultryand fruit.' Well, I'm going on thistrip with an aunt that's a hen, there'syour poultry; a girl that's a peach,there's your fruit, and a nephew that'sa mule, there's your live ,stock. Ithink I am entitled to a pass." San"Francisco Call. J '.InternationalfeslineAll Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery, SBourbon Garage & Supply Co ai7'-INWNS1and High Sts., Paris, Ky.h,NMs'mii-wgM3rcratujui5ua3Brame3gTTa-yti t racyvet-qaTOBgangwihwu-anipaj'i.uttjiikULji.isKnrTa,inpMarcgu j, , v.V-ranOils v lAinBSfi&i ifiii rn issibkib b tJSsXftKttfisti .mid rn &w j3sw.i.3&SgVeritable Amazon Has UniquePosition in Rhone Valley.sfifcg&jt&S&SYi&v" fT". 5iV &,&. j &? s&lepaHcsnen'S: Store Thsi? tmty sVa?aftRecord of Madame Jenny PcrchetDuring Husband's Illness forThree Years, Makes HerChoice for Place.$3&4Berlin. Woman's right"?, indeed!What more could the most ardent suffragette desire than to con'rol the liberties of scores of more men. Thatis the privilege of Mme. Jenny Pcrchet, aged 51 the only omci"! womanjailer in the world.Her prison lies in the pretty townof Aigle, with a population of 4,000,in the valley of Rhone. It forms partof an imposing .range of c?stellatcdbuildings, the most conspicuous inthat region.Thirty years age Mme. Porchetmarried the chief warder of the Aigleprison. When her husband becameseriously ill she acted in his placewithout the local authorities beingaware of the fact. Then after threeyears' illness, Percnet died and theplace of chief warder becoming vacant applications were fded. Severalmen applied for the post, which isfairly well paid and many of them hadexcellent credentials. Mme. Porchet,however, presented herself before thelocal commission, explained that during the three years' illness of herhusband she had carried on his dutiess fo as not to lose the place, hadintroduced several minor reformswhich had strengthened discipline,and at the same time made the prisoners more contented. She concludedthat she could carry on the same workwithout fear or favor if the commission v ould support her."I know it is an unsual request tomcko, for a woman to rule male prisorcrb and I'eep them in order, but Tcn not frigKened of a man or halfa dozen, of them."This statement brought smiles andneds of approval from the membersof the commission, for Mme. Porchetis a veritable Amazon nearly six feetin height, powerfully built, and in theprime of health. Her face shows acharacter as strong as her frame,with powerful square jaws, a largemouth and piercing but kindly eyes."Gentlemen," she continued, "youmay still think that if I were attackedby a prisoner I would be helpless.Will you kindly ask the heaviest gendarme on the premises to step hereso that I can demonstrate to you whatI could and would do with a man whodared to attack mo."The president asked Mme. Porchetto retire and after the commissionhad considered the matter for a quarter of an hour she was informed thatit was unanimously agreed to giveher a year's trial and if she gave satisfaction the post would be a permanent one.There was a touch of "the femininein the result, for this strong womanhad tears in her eyes when she heardthe verdict."Gentlemen, I thank you," she said,"and I am sure that I will give youevery satisfaction. I did not want toappeal to your sympathies as I haveseven children to bring up and theloss of the position would have meantmuch to them and me."fcj5mmAprons IGc, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15 c,Gingham Dresses $1.38, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, Whife Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.raspsses185?N&Bl BVQI If 1SbzsS ae S 3 4cs3 Q nS&?w -mgJ Two &g Stores in One Cor. 7th and Main MParis, Kentucky?&Zz-f5&. la" VS" V KHr M . m km. . t . i. -. . ....mwmBmwmwsmmmmmmmMmM.Tf" fi imf TnnrTo -FrT oTT nr4-ni .11 i T- 1 1 .w 11 not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest coldmf,e J secret process-land is universally S&tv AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, IH.fParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Pers, Ky.LETUi-fcgr3.EegisecMCTss'i. mgajesasat L.m,xLaj'..,E.uj,vi.i-i.i,'Av sulcvvjexintonOcobNo Trounle to Carry Raisins.Boy "Mother wants a1 gollon of kerosene and a pound of raisins." Grocer"All right, shall I send themaround?" B?y "You may send thekerosene and I'll take the raisins."Greatest in tine WorldTTWT AM 1.KQ3 World's Champion TrotterJ JQ JUjrkl 1 . 0 O4 Appears Three Times. l$21,000 Futurity - - Tuesday, Oct.,33,000 Tennessee Stake - Tuesday, Oct. 3 r5,000 Futurity - - Wednesday, Oct. 43,000 McDowell Stake Wednesday, Oct. 45,000 Transylvania Stake Thursday, Oct! 5Great Free For All Pace Friday, Oct 68,000;Champ. Stallion Stake Mond'y, Oct. 93,000 Walnut Hall Cup - Monday Oct 92,000 Free For All Trot Tuesday, Oct. 10Every World's Champion from Yearling op, PresentSensational Racing Daily.MUSIC BY WEBER.' .... , HRLF-FflRE ON HUMS.THE BOTJRBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUC Y SEPT.' 19, 1911.Stubborn CaseI was under the treatment of two doctors," writesMrs. R. L. Phillips, of Indian Valley, Va., "and they pronounced my case a very stubborn one, of womanly weakness. I was not able to sit up, when I commenced totake Cardui.I used it about one" week, before I saw much change.Now, the severe pain, that had been in my side for years,has gone, and I don't suffer at all. I am feeling better thanin a long time, and cannot speak too highly of Cardui."if you are one of those ailing women who suffer from anyof the troubles so common to women.Cardui is a builder of womanly strength. Composedof purely vegetable ingredients, it acts quickly on thewomanly system, building up womanly strength, toning upthe womanly nerves, and regulating the womanly system.Cardui has been in successful use for more than 50 years.Thousands of ladies have written to tell of the benefit theyreceived from it Try it for your troubles. Begin today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory D?pt.. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga. Term.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 52DR.DOLLESIUOTITNTE Where HEN are CURED.inOlllUIE LET ME CURE YOU!FINESTEQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHEUNITED STATESNOT 11 ANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, NO PA.FAMOUS FOB 20 TEARS.Difficult Surgical Operations performed"with ekill and success when surgery iB necessary,LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST CURESOf any Specialist. That Stay Cared.YOUNG MEN AND AJLIi MEN, COME.D p Q PEKMAXENT CUBE, vf ithoutEO the knife. One treatment cures.VADIPflPCIir NO KNIFE. Cared InAnluUUblX One Treatment.DIIDTIIDE? Stricture, Etc. CuredlUri t W d 5 by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. BoilR, Ulcer. Sores. Diseasesof the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostatei land. Rheumatism, Nervous Troubles.UVnOnOETI C Cured In One Visit. NonlUKUUCLL knife. So danger.All capeg guaranteed and accepted on the"PollePlan" of not on dollar to bo paid unlesscared. Setter come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 page Book Free, which is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that I can write you justwhat is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOOPCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. 8. Tested for-30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samples 7sent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical aavice given.Sold by Vcrden & Son.Ef Jspecialist 'OSSOSMHOG AND SHEEP SALE !BYA. P. ADAIR & SONS & CO.,At Paris, Ky.5 Fair Grounds,September 19, 191 1, 12s30p.tn.50 Pure Bred Duroc Hogs, '50 Pure Bred Southdown Sheep.Write for Catalogue to A. P. ADAIR, Paris, Kentucky.DONT MISS THIS SALENOTICE.AH accounts due the iirm of Yerkp?& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indt bted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters torecpive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,2 tf j IfiYERKES & KENNEY.nans IonicCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trutt Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a general, ConEracfcingand( Building Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handlel yourbuildings, large or small. I will berglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best xof references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTann. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERJ fink LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenu. Pho e 669Notice Ported.All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.29 6t Hume and Bedford Pike.Businesslike.A man at Munich who lost $10,0001' bank notes in the street a few daysago, and advertised $300 raward tothe finder, received a check for $9,7C0 from the finder, a man of a businesslike turn of mind, who wrote that,to avoid delay, he had kept off hisreward.A Fierce Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of achild, suddenly attacked by croup.Often it aroused Lewis 'Ohantblin, ofManchester, O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they would die, but since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for croup and forcouehs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others,i So may you. Asthma, Hay Fevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly before it. 50c and 1.00Trial bottlefree. Sold bv Oberdprfer.Marvelous Mechanical Work.A Berlin inventor has succeeded,after years of toil, In makingan art!ficial man who can walk, make allmovements, speak, sing, laugh andwhistle. It is a life-size figure andso natural an imitation as to be com: pletely deceptive a yard away. "Oc-cultus," as the figure is named, obeyswords of command such as "march"and "halt," and he answers any ques-j tion put to him. It Is not an illusion. or a trick, it is a piece of pure mechanical work.Made Himself Immune.Mithridates, great ruler of Pontus,gradually hardened himself againstevery known poison by talcing tinydoses; that no poison could catch himnapping.min spring and summer, it'sthe natural time to store uphealth and vitality for theyear.is Natjure's best and quickest help. All DruggistsWe Surrender Carrots.It Is estimated that in 7,000 yearsthe food supply of this country willrun short if we are not careful. Forthe love of posterity we promise tosacrifice parsnips. Exchange.WOULD PUZZLE ANY SOLOMONPennsylvania Judgev Finally DecidesThat Goose Must Be Cooked andDivided Between Two Women.Wilkes-Barre, Pa. A dispute overthe ownership of a goose was settledthe other day by Aid. John P. Donohue, who is famous locally for hiscommon sense adjustments of lawsuits. Mrs. Alice Krelger of Shickshinnycharged Mrs. Louis Pelinus with thetheft of a goose. Each woman claimedthe goose had belonged to her eversince it was hatched, and the evidenceon both sides was of equal weight."Well," said the, alderman, after puzzling over the case, "there is but oneway to settle It. Each of you womenwill go home, will get your flock andeach bring one here. Then you willplace the ganders on opposite sidesof the courtroom and the goose inthe middle and let her choose to whichflock she belongs."Of course," he added, "there Is thedanger of her being a flirt."The women objected to this planbecause it involved aa outlay In railroad fare of more than the value ofthe goose."Then," declared the alderman, "thedefendant is sentenced to take thegoose home, kill it, divide it exactly Inhalf, and give one half to the prosecutrix." Caviar Is Antidote.St. Petersburg. The Ottoman Bacteriological Institute has found thatcaviar is an antidote for cholera.The discovery is the result of a protest against the Turkish government'sexclusion of Russian caviar from Turkish territory for, fear of cholera infection. The institute after Turkey'sbah experimented with a pot of caviarwhich had been infected with cholerabacilli. In four days' time it wasfound that all the cholera germs inthe caviar had been destroyed.Finds Prehistoric Skull.Laramie, Wyo. E. B. Adair of LostSpring, near Douglas, has uneartheda human skull imbedded in stone andbelieved by archaeologists to haveante-dated the biblical flood. Theskull is well preserved.WASH THAT ITCH AWfiYIt is said that there are certaineprlngs in Eurbpe that give relief andcure to Eczema and- other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. We assure you of instant relief.G ". Varden &"Son.GettingAcquaintedWhen Henderson stepped into the jbig dining room of the golf club, whichnad been converted into a dancinghall for the occasion, and, saw 'Florence Tracy standing opposite the doorhe made up his mind that he wantedto know her. He put forth a big muscular hand and plucked by the sleevethe first man that passed him."Introduce me to the girl over theretalking to Matthews," he commanded."Don't know her," responded theother man. He turned and stared atthe girl for a moment. "A good dealof a peach," he commented, "but Inever saw her before. Sorry I can'toblige you." And he dashed off inpursuit of his own partner.The next half hour Hendersonpassed looking for some one whowould present him to the girl, butnone of his acquaintances seemed toknow her. Finally, however, he cameupon Filkins, who was popularly supposed to know everybody in the world."Say, Filkins," he said, "if you don'tknow the girl in white who has justbeen dancing with Trenton I want youto make it your business to get toknow her so that you can introduceme."Henderson eagerly followed in Filkins' wake, with his eyes fixed on thewillowy creature who was the objectof his admiration. Thus he justescaped climbing up Filkins' broadback when that unreliable personstopped in front of a pudgy blondcreature and with a beaming smile introduced Henderson."That wasn't the girl I wanted tomeet!" he exploded to Filkins a fewminutes later. "Nice enough girl, Idon't doubt, but not the one. The girlI want to know is the tall girl whostepped out on to the veranda justas you turned around then. Now, doyou know her?"Filkins shook his head. "No, Idon't," he admitted. "But I think she'sMrs. Peterson's sister and is visitinghen I'll try to find out for you.""No, I'll do my own pioneering,thanks," said Henderson.Three times during the course ofthe evening he discovered men whoknew the young woman in question,and three times did he and the mutualacquaintance wander about vainly insearch of her. As tlje dancers werebeginning to leave Filkins rushed upto Henderson."I've met her and danced with her,and she Is a peach," he announced."You just wait here half a second andI'll cut her out of the bunch as shecomes down and introduce you."Once more Henderson waited patiently but vainly. When all theguests had departed Filkins gave asigh of mingled weariness and disappointment. "Honest, old man," hesaid, ,I didn't mean to give you thewrong steer, but she must have goneout the other way."Henderson from that moment sethis teeth and made up his mind thathe would achieve Florence Tracy's acquaintance even though the heavens !fell. With this purpose in view heattended three lawn parties festivities which he loathed and a churchbazaar. In vain.One evening on his way home hesaw her sitting in the front of the carwith a girl whom he had once known, ibut never liked, and had consistentlyavoided for years. Wandering pastthem with a bland, slightly embarrassed but wholly humble and propitiatory smile upon his face, he was metwith such an icy stare from the girlhe had once knoyn that he hastilybolted into the forward car with'out attempting to renew the acquaintance.However, several days later, whenhe had almost given up hope of accomplishing his object, he woke froma surreptitious nap on the eveningtrain just as it was pulling into thestation. In spite of the fact that hisvision was somewhat blurred withsleep he suddenly became aware thatMiss Tracy had just stepped into theaisle from a seat about half-way downthe car.Trying to look as much as possiblelike a man who has just been sittingwith his eyes closed to rest them, hestumbled into the aisle. Then heglanced back as he did so, actuatedby the suburbanite's instinct for gathering up stray packages. In the rackjust above the seat which Miss Tracyhad been occupying his eyes fell upona small, dainty parcel. Instantly hewas wide awake.He dashed back to the Beat, securedthe parcel and then dropped off theplatform of the car just as the trainwas polling out of the station. Determined to see the thing through, hehailed the village taxlcab and orderedthe driver to follow the automobilewhich was carrying Miss Tracy swiftly out of sight.As Miss Tracy stepped out of thecar in front of her sister's house Henderson, hat in one hand and parcel Inthe other, stepped out of the taxlcab.Somewhat heated but perfectly game,he advanced toward her and held outhis bedraggled offering."If I am not mistaken," he saidsuavely, "you left this in the train."Miss Tracy looked at him in sur-prise. Then her eyes fell to the parcel. She half advanced ner hand as ifto take it, but withdrew It again."It was good of you to bring it," shesaid hesitatingly, "but you are mistaken. It isn't mine. Why did youthink it was?"Henderson laughed shamefacedly.I must have wanted it to be yours."hen the whole story of his efforts tot acquainted -with he? came out.Exhibitions oi ,StKotia-TwUy.Mr! and Mrs. Adolpb Topperwein,the celebrated marksmen, will give anexhibition of expert and fancy shooting here today at the base ball park at2 o'clock which everybody ought tosee, as no such marvelous shootinghas ever been done in this section. Itwill be a revelation to all of thewonderful possibilities of modern armsand ammunition in the hands of thegreatest experts. Mr. Topperwein isthe acknowledged dean of fancy andtrick shots, and his many feats are ofa highly sensational character. Mrs.Topperwein has no equal amongwomen for adeptness in shooting.Ladies are especially urged to attendand witness her astonishing skill withshotgun, rifle and pistol. Admissionswill be free to all.Some idea of the unusual characterof the exhibition given by jthe Topperweins will he gained from the following remarks: Adolph Topperwein thegreatest living fancy and flying targetshot with a rifle, lives in San Antonio,Texas. His native state;has long beennoted for its expert shooters and thispenchant for shooting among Texans,added to his natural ability, undoubtedly accounts for the wonderful skillhe displays. He uses no spesial equipment, but ordinary Winchester rifles,shooting regular cartridges with solidball ; or in other words'cartridges suchas are sold by all dealers. He shootsat oranges, apples, bits of coal orbrick, walnuts, small marbles, emptycartridge shells, and many other tinyobjects which are all thrown in the airand hit with either rifle or revolver.M Topperwein is the originator ofmany marvelous tancy and trick shetsand also of the feat of drawing theoutlines of Indian chieis and other pictures with bullets shot from a rifle.Rifle shcoting is not his only acquirement, as he does wonderful work alsowith revolver, pistol and shotgun.Mrs. Topprewein is undoubtedly thepremier lady shot of the world. Although she took up shooting only a few3 ears ago, she has startled the shooting" world and pntertained many thousands of people by her great skill withrifle, shotgun and pistol. Shootingcomes natural to her. as'without seeming difficulty she masters various kindsof shooting quickly.Besides being a wonderful wing andfancy shot Mrs. Topperwein is a consistent shooter at the traps and haswon many high averges in open competitions, shooting against the best professional and amateur shuts in theworld.At the Pacific Coast Handicap, heldat Seattle in 1910, Mrs. Topperweinwon high general averages over alarge field of the best shots of thePacific Coast and Canada.At the Grand American Handicap,held at Chicago in 1910, she was theonly lady shooting and is the only ladyin the world who ever had the honor toqualify as a national marksman inopen competition.Kills a Murderer.A merciless murderer is Appendicitis j-with many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Pills kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constipation, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.Just Suited Her."There are many delightful' disheso be made from left-over food.""That's nice," responded the youngbride. "There's a treat deal of foodleft over since I began doing the cooking." Airship's Predecessor."Stephenson broke another recordtoday. His 'Rocket' made a flight offive- miles, carrying four passengers,and left the raits only twice." "Veryremarkable achievement, very butyou can't tell me that the steam engine will ever be of any real practicalvalue.!' The Tatlen.:One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.k. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find ft in' our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactoryourchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.rTTimargoien s.The Best of4Home-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork; Etc.MargoienLParis, Ky.jWHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that w are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found, thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can he relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends and.neighbors .unless we were sure of itand altfiough there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of 'ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, Just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.How's This.iWe offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Gatarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J Cheney & Co., Toledo, O..We, the undersigned, have knownP. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andbelieve him perfectly honorable inall business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his-firm.Walding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucus surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all Druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constupation. A Spartan.The negro hackman had driveftthem over a long and dusty road.Whenthey reached the village hotelone of the party asked the negro ifthey couldn't send him out a drink,v"No. sah. Ah don't drink. It's agimmah principalities."Has Millions of Friends..How vould you like to number yourfriends by the millions as Bmcklin'sArnica Salve does? Its aitoundinjfcures in the pat forty years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczema, burns,boils, scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyes,3prains, swellings, bruises, cold sores.qas no equal forfpiles. 25c at Oberlorfer's. t1M13 11sr&f- 1i.1"-'IIi;-i.MitKwm!VLTHE BOURBON NEWS, FARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 19, 1911.THE BIGIS NEARIINIG THE END- rx .-tNever again will you have sucli an opportunityto buy new Fall goods at prices less than cost , ofraw material. All Men's Suits, new Fall, 1911,models, at about one-half the regular price.Buy now and save money.. M-Benn ieThe Home of Better Clothes, 426 Main Street, Paris, KentuckyftL H jp ML ' l& jH .911 jH SbKIFit Your Girls and Boys with a Pair of Our GoodWearing Up-to-Date School Shoes.Every Shoe in this collection is made of good material that will standfimmrough wear. The styles are up-to-date and insure the wearer a comfortable fitting Shoe. ' xfwwiw umiJT-iiff'rtmwwiHoaixDfliaiaiHRHrsKHBnnvaiaBiHHBmvauRvrisxnBrBKBaBaRaBB HThe prices are unusually low, quality considered, and could not beduplicated at any other store unless at much higher prices.We are now ready with many entirely new Fall styles for Men,Women and Children that are exclusively shown at our store.Former Parisian Burned toDeath.Jchn W. Childers, a former residentof Paris, wa3 burned to death in a fireAhich destroyed his grocery onDevveese street in Lexington at-'anearly hour Monday morning. His bodywas burned almost to a crisp and wasnot found until after the' conflagrationh2d been extinguished.The fire which destroyed the groceryand incinerated its proprietor was theresult of an explosion of encaping gas.It is supposed the explosion was caused bv a litrhted match in thp hrmH: nfMr. Childer3, who was walking aboutthe premises.His charred remains were found onthe flcor near a doorway leading froma small bedroom, which he frqujntlyoccupied, to the rpar of the grocerystore, and in his hand was a key.Fragments of clothing were clingingto the charred flesh which indicates hewas dressed and in the act of goingout of the house.For a number of years Mr. Childersconducted a grocery stoie in this citjhis place of business being located onEighth street near Hendeiscn. Hemoved to Lexington in 1907 after conducting his business here for nearljtwent years. For two years following his removal from this city he wasa memoer or tne .Lexington mre (Jom-pany.He was aged about 52 years and issurvived by his wife, who was inRichmond at the time of his death.andthree daughters, Missas Willie, Jessieand Grace Childers, the former beingemployed as stenographer at the officeof the Continental Fire Insurance Co.,in that city, lhe Childers family resided on Barr street.The funeral ariangements have notbeen made out it was stated yesterdayby members of the family the remainswould be brought to Paris wheie theywill be interred in the Paris cemetery.DEATHS.-Thomas Laban Best, aged 73, aleading tobacco dealer of Maysville,died at his home in that city Saturdaymorning after h lengthy illness ofBright's disease, leaving a wife andfive children, the thrpe sons beingAbner 0. Best, of Chicago; Chas. L.Best, United States Navy.and ThomasD Best, of Toledo. Ohio, and twodaughters, Miss Louise Best and Mrs.Robert Bissett, of Mayvsille.The Quality Store.Our furniture bears the reputationof being the best and most substantialquality of goods that can be bought.That's the reason our customers comeback. We invite new patrons to comeand see us.J. T. HINTON. i" IFirstClass Barber Shop. iMr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at CahaPs barber shop. This Imakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is now Irunning and it is no trouble to catch a !turn and get a first-class shave in ? isnort space of time. Hot a nd coldabtbs and polite attendants to wait ontneir patrons. tfAverage Value of Land is $14.50an Acre.Land3 per acre are valued in Kentucky from $3.31 to 80.07. The poorest land, according to its value inKentucky, is in Rowan county, and thehighest priced is in Fayette county.The values range according to the location, the poorest being in the easternpart of the state and t.ht rfhod- i,ibeing m the central and western paitof the state.The total value of all land in Kentucky for tixation is 8351,555, 618. andthe total number of acres 24,223,085making an average value of land per"acre $14.50.The laws governing assessments incnis state are so defective that when araise is made en the county it must beon the county a3 a whole, and in avery few instances thpse increases inthe lands result in hardships, but suchis never the case with the good lands.The average valuation ot Fayetteland is $80 07 per acre, which ia thehighest while Bcrubon's valuationwhich ranks third, is $61.86.Wanted. ,Canvassing agents at once for thesale of "Compendium of EverydayWants, "the book of general necessity,price $1.50; also for "The Devil'sBride," a wonderful religous allegor',price $1.00. Either outfit sent postpaid for ten cents. Fifty per centcommission to agents Big sellers.AddressA. B. KUHLMAN, Publisher,octl 136 W. Lake St., Chicago, 111.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave.go to Buck's barber shop. Three first-)ciass Daroers. 13 tfWinners at State Fair.Bourbon county horses were much inevidence at the State Fair Tr.uisdoynight. Beauty Spct, owned by S. C.Carpenter, of MiUersburg, cacturedthe second prize in the ring for fivegaited asddle mares under one year oldand his Pauline Chieftian came second in the ring for mares one year oldana under two. For brood mares insrevice Mr. Carpenter tcok firstpremium with Forest Maiden. McCiayBrob ,of North Middletown, were second with Marvel ine in the event fcrroadsters. Marvel King, the propertyof Jones Bros , of North Middletcwn,captured the first premium in the fivegaited saddle event for stallions fouryears old and over against seven,entries.WeekMMMBMWLadies White Canvas Button Shoes,high Cuban heel, plain toe, shortvamps. $3.00 value. While they lastSpecial &i I 5Ladies' latest style two-strap VelvetPumps. Very comfortable for thishot weather.$1Special.39Come to Us for Your Footwear We Save You MoneyDAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At Tho Ricr Florlrir irnk w iiv wuri Kxva m k.ia.Election Commissioners toMeet.The Bourbon County Election Commissioners, Sheriff A. S. 'Ihompaon,Messrs. B. B. Marsh and M. R..Innnhv. will mett Wednpsrisv t.n nn-1 point the election officers to serve atme regular tuecwuu in rxuvemuerInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfEllis Given Death Sentence.After deliberating for three hours iSaturday night the jury which haaibeen trying James Ellis, at Somerset!who was charged with the murder ofMasristriate A. J. Beatty, several!weeks ago,retruned a verdict of guiltyin tne first degree and rixted thepuninment at deathj " .. .Whitman's Candies.Frtsh lot cf Whitman's fine boxcandies just received. Whitman'sname is a guraantee that its the best.15 2t VARDEN & SON.Kentucky's Dog Crop.The dog crop of Kentucky remainson the averagp. There were 143,688dogs reported to State Auditor Jamesin 1911 This report means that aftern .urt dicnn Ihnt. have heen killpri nan oijc an--' f - - -" -difd for want ct being killel are paid Ifor there remains $50,000 to go intothe public school furd. - IaMI Ollf f IriA rki imi; CJ11m j-iiin, 11 t )IL1 iiiiv ,ll w-ver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.RFMFIURFD THicThe "House of Quality" only car- Ines me very best m Solid Silver Iand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.m he House of Ouali'Hr "Both Phones.iMA1 i.-. . -rf ,