1 -fiX' 4hiV---"jtflfer.THE BOURBON NEWS.xZPUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND PHIDAY IN THE YEAK.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1911.NUMBER 18r -i'Margolen's.Insure with W. O. Simton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfLard10c per PoundForThis Week Only.MargolenFREE, FREE.jA full line of the followinggood things to eat f ridayandSaturday, March 1 0 and 1 1 :Seals hipt Oysterswith Sniders's Oyster Cocktail,Snider's BakedBeans,I Snider's Catsup,Snider's Chili Sauce.Don't forget the day or place.L,i, JLgan Howard.5BBBVQiBBEBSZ7iSE9BBBVaVBBVVVQNB0flb0WB9E2ZHaVB TT tct t i "..; . sf iutam -ut ---e- rut iawpiriiiiii wifSWWWmW$ One 7 1-2 inch Jardiener, finished f. $in rich red and green colors, with $the puochase of 1 lb. Best Gun-$ powder Tea, $1 value, 75c; 1 lb.Rnvl Ralcinor Powrlftr. SOr value f?0 , 7f at 43c.The Flour of Quality.65ww"w-as(US(US(isAS'AS -$ The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop.(XS Both Phones 234You have tried-the rest; now try the best.Blue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. SackBlue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55Reliable and absolutely pure. Try it. Money backif it fails to please..1WwSPRING HATSWe have received all thelatest colors and shapes inthe celebratedHoward Hat,m Best $3 Hat in the U. S.wx?s"CvfcCall and see them.w&.Price & Co.,3rx-2 ifc rfrU-Hior. I3ls.-v ht w , m VfKxlMATRIMONIAL.A dispatch from St. Louis says:"Miss Cora South Brovn,of Kentucky,the most photographed member of St. iLouis' society, and ono of the most ,Leautiful of all the debutantes ot recent years, is to be an April bride.She is the granddaughter of formeGov. Brown."Her engagement to William Glasgow O'Fallon was announced Tuesdayafternoon at a tea given by Mrs. JohnA. Ockerson, at her suite in the Kingury apartment. Mrs. Ockerson'sguests included sonie of the relativesof both families and Miss Brown'sclosest girl friends."Cora South Brown is the daughterof Dr. and Mrs. John Young Brown,50S9 McPherson avenue. She wasraduated from the Mary Institute inJune, 1909, and her 'coming out' ballthe following November at the bt.Louis Woman's Club was one of thumost brilliant events of the season."She was one of the three maids inthe court of honor to the queen at theveiled prophet's hall last October, andhas been a reigning belle since her debut. "Miss Brown is a tall, stately girlwith a queenly bearing. She has glorious brown eyes and a wealth of brownhair."Miss Brown is well known in Parishere she has frequently visited, beingthe guest on several occasions of Mr.and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall.License was secured in Paris Monday by Mr. Elmer S. Foote and MissBessie G. Paynter, and they went toLexingLon to the home of the latter' ssister, Mrs. J. D. Foster, where theywere married by Justice Ben D. Bell.The bridergoom is a popular and wellknown young man, son of Mrs. CharlesFoot, and the bride is a popular andefficient employe in the local exchangeof the East Tennessee Telephone Company. Hiidnui's Toilet Articles.We have just received a new line ofHudnut's toilet waters, perfumes etc.21 VARDEN & SON.DEATHS. """""cMITCHELLFblakemorlIHATTALK.Our line of the Dunlap and Stetsonand Guyer Hats, both in stiff and soft is now complete, and for the man who cares for his personalappearance and wants to wear a becoming hat,this is the store to purchase from. The DunlapStiff Plat is acknowledged by the trade to be theleoding hat sold for 5, and Stetson Soft Hats arekings of them all in colors, styles and quality. Wehave all the new shades in gray mixtures, tans,Belgins and pearls.In our Hat Department this season we show alarger line to select from than other stores.Dunlap Hats $5.00Stetson Hats .$4.00 and $5.00The Guyer $3.00Mrs. Eliza Hildreth, of (Bourbon,died in Los Angeles, California, Tuesday. She was a Miss Stipp, of Clintonville, and mother of Gano Hildreth,of Bourbon, and of Mrs. Ann Donaldson, of Los Angeles, California, andresided with her grandson, Dr. S. A.Donaldson. She was aged 92 years.BIRTHS.Mitchell & Blakemore,Born, to the wife of W. B. Mann,near the Levy, this county, on the 9thinst,, twin boys. Mother and childrenare doing well.Born at Mt. Sterling last week tothe wife of Richard P. Thomas, a fineten pound girl Anne Elizabeth.RELIGIOUS.The Graded Union of Paris SundaySchool Teachers still meets every Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the parlors of the Christian church. Theteachers who attend these meetingsfrom Sunday to Sunday derive muchgood from them and are better equipped o come before their classes onSunday morning. The crying need oftheSundayJschool today is preparedteachers. A call to be a Sunday schoolteacher is a call to prepare for work.The leaders for the different gradesSunday will be: Senior, Miss AliceFord ; Intermediate, Mrs. WalterClark ; Junior, Mis Mary FithianHutchcraft, and Primary, Mrs. HenrPower. Sunday school workers of alldenominations are invited to thesemeetings.Elder Wm. Sweeney has accepteda call from tne Christian church atEvansville, lnd., a charge he has heldifor some length of time, to the Harlem Avenue Christian church at Baltimore, Md. Elder Sweeney willprobably be in Paris Sunday when hewill fill the pulpit at the Christianchurch for Elder Carey E. Morgan. Inthe event of his failure to arrive ElderMorgan will preach at both services.Bishop Burton, of Lexington, willmake his annual visitation to the ParisEpiscopal church on Sunday and willpreach to the congregation at the services at 10:45 a. m. There will be noafternoon services.Preaching Sunday jfmorning " andevening at the Baptist church by Rev.E. M. Lightfoot. Sunday bchool at9:30. Everybody invited.Dr B. M. Shive will fill his pulpitat the Prebsyterian church Sundaymorning and evening at the usualhours.i14i-tf tf'f'AV9 ,uv,vv7Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."itfcWWSE'iiiiniiiiiiininimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMniiiiiiiinHuiiniiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiuriNaSJAr:;uRefrigerators.The spring showing of refrigeratorsduring our March Sale will be one ofthe feature and the reduced prices willmake them more attractive.3 tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Horse Scares at Automobile.While Mr Harry fKerslake, of thiscity, was going intoMt. Sterling Friday, a horse driven by Mrs. W. D.Henry took fright at the machine hewaa driving and ran away collidingwith a telephone pole and throwingMrs. Henry and her daughter. MissGladys, out. Mr. Kerslake was driving his machine very slowly andbrought it to a stop before he reachedth ladies. It was not until they attempted to pass did the horse takefright. The hdiea escaped withoutserious injury and were 'assisted tothe home of a relative a short distanceaway. No blame whatever is attachedto Mr. Kerslake who used the proper ,! precaution to prevent the animal fromtaking frightfat bis automebilr. , x -J ra illFRANK & CO:The Store Where Reliabiliy Reigns.NEW ARRIVALSRegulation DressesINSerges & Wash MaterialsSerges in Black-vNavy and White Different Color Emb.Wash Goods in Cadet and WhiteSuits and DressesIn All the Newesst Styles and Fabrics Made ofBest of Materials and by New York's Most famous Makers of Ready-to-Wear Ladies'garmentsWash GoodsMmMmIS sSTIWGinghamsFoulardsTissues SuitingsVoilles PercalesCome in and take a look. Our stock is the largest andour prices the loWest of any house in Paris.YOUR TRADE SOLICITEDFDAMI 4L rgkaBBBBBA mWwk I BBUaBE fcpSAl t'SA apjBfj.aBBBBBBBl fjflj ggj09fffSfflltUWWISllWHWHWIHIMIWIIIallllllllllBlllltMltMiMfcMii$$$gflftWi!.-rawsVKi;THE BOURBON NEWS, PARISH KENTUCKY, MARCH. 10, 1911.-n.it v"o&Have Stood The Test.Tfettieton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patenfleather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. M Wilfams,THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STBEET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerfEntored at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 J Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, ,10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,SL.00 SIX MONTIIS.Payable in Advance$1.00lThe Shoe Man.V&!mmF&rj&SX&fmS8mfrA Treat For AlllClasses Who Smoke.An Idol Cigar in his "mouth for3iis own delectation, a few inhis peket for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Kesort, therefore, all e whoare fond of a goOdJ'smoko, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorISThe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.A Whiff of Our Coffeewill tell 3'ou it is' certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smells.Jtich, golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coflee fit fora kiDg. 13e good to yourselfand try a pound.Destroyed by Fire.Robert Gillespie's barn at Carlisle,was destroyed by fire Tuesday, entailing a loss of about $750. ,ADreadhiFsightto H. J. Barnum, of Freeville, N. Y.,was the fever sore that had plaguedhis life for years m spite or manyremedies he tried. At last he usedBucklen's Arnica Salve and wrote:"It has entirely healed with scarcelya scar left." Heals burns, boils, eczema, cuts, bruises, swellings, cornsand piles like magic. Only 23 centsat Oberdorfer's.TheElectric Chair.The electric chair at Eddyvillc wasinstalled this week, in the Eddyvillepenitentiary. Six murderers havebeen convicted and aie awaiting forthe Governor to fix the date of execution.Not a Word of Scaadalmarred the call of a neighbor on Mrs.W. P. Spaugh, of Manvillc, Wyo.,who said: "She told me Dr. King'sNew Life Pills had cured her of obstinate kidney trouble, and made herfeel like a new woman." Easy, butsure remedy for stomach, liver andkidney troubles. Only 2oe at Oberdorfers. What, Another?Joseph W. Dalzell, Jr., for severalyears secretary of the Nicholas countyboard of the Burley Tobacco Society,may become a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Representativefrom Nicholas and Robertson counties.The announced candidates are EditorGreen R. Keller. Judge Foster Coxand Judge L. S. Rogers.HERE IS A KEMEDY THATWILL CURE ECZE3IA.'We Prove It.Women's SecretsVfKKThere is one man in the United States who has perhaps Heardmore women's secrets than any other man or woman in thecountry. These secrets are not secrets of guilt or shame, butthe secrets of suffering, and they have been confided to Dr.R. V. Pierce in the hope and expectation of advice and help.That few of these women have been disappointed in their expectations is proved by the fact that ninety-eight per cent, ofall women treated by Dr. Pierce have been absolutely andaltogether cured. Such a record would be remarkable if thecases treated were numbered by hundreds only. But whenthat record applies to the treatment of more than half-a- million women, in a practice of over 40 vears. it is nhennmrnaland entitles Dr. Pierce to the gratitude accorded him by women, as the first ocspecialists in the treatment of women's diseases.Every sick woman may consult Dr. Pierce by letter, absolutely withoutcharge. All replies are ma-led, sealed in perfectly plain envelopes, withoutany printing or advertising whatever, upon them. Write without fear as without fee, to World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr. R. V. Pierce. Prcst..Buffalo, N. Y.R. MERCK'S FAVORITE PRESCRIPTIONMal3E.oa woa-ls. w 0123.02a. Strong,Sicli j oxsa.ox3L "7o3JUGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.. BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Stoics, Corn zr Scvznth and Main and South MainForced to Leave Home.Every year a largo number of poorsufferers! whose lungs are sore andracked with coughs, are urged to goto another climate. But this is costly and not always sure. There's abetter way. Let Dr. King's XewDis-coverv cure you at home. "It cured' me of long trouble," writes W. R.Molz-kii nf P-ilimino A rlr ''u'lion Jillelse failed and I gained 47 pounds inweight. Its sui'Ply the king of allcough and lung cures." Thousandsowe their lives and health to it. It'spositively guaranteed for coughs,I colds, lagrippe, asthma, coup ailthroat and lung troubles. oOc and 1.Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's.Working in the Garden--.rC Xvfi s?ri " Tr 'sT. X i.ir7)t 'R l.l' . ' ' . ytV - j, m.t -is a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an-'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than tou ever did before.liOWRY & TALBOTTs:5 && $ $&&Bourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.OP Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.LlHHHA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased, with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usn irnf irrkn-r lannrlrv niih f.lilw6l,Ujui .. v V.w U..W .i.day we promise it, and its fquality is guaranteed, uiveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.WBourbon Laundry,Kentucky.Wind in the Moving Pictures.What makes the wind blow so'muchin the moving pictures? The questionis asked by almost everyon . who hasbeen bitten by te bug of the movingpicture show. It is a fact that in every scene where three's half a chanceof getting up a breeze it blows a tornado, or at the least brisk sale disports itself in the trees in the backgrounds and the skirts of the harassedheroine in the front.A moving-picture man solved theproblem."That's easy." h. replied in answerto a query. "If the pictures weretaken when the air was perfectly still,then if the living character happens tob3 still also the picture would be asdead looking as a tbirtj'-five-centchromo of 'Twilight.' So a time isselected for photographing the scenesoutside when the wind is playing oldhob with things generally, trees swaying, and skirts fluttering and hair flying haven't you ever noticed howmuch more effective a woman is whenher hair is streaming behind her likethe burgee on a racing yatch? Then,too, when everything's busy movingit looks like there's something doingall around."Even in the indoor scenes taken inthe studio we've found it better toI ave a little air stiring to liven up theoieander and the rubber plant whilethe girl is lying still in death. So weinstall electric fans and keep, the parlor foliage busy, while the photorapheris winding in his pictures. The fan ishandier than the wandering zephyr, foryou can regulate it with a switch keyand make it respond to the emotionsof the heroine. Yes, wind is a greatthing in our business." New YorkTimes.A I State of Ohio, City of Toledo,'j Lucas County., Ss'Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior partner of the firm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe City of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and suseribedin my presence, this 6th day of December, A. D. 188(5.A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the systsm.Why waste time and mone experimenting with Teasy salves and lotions, trying to drive the eczema germirom underneath the skin when "W.T. Brooks' drug store guarantees ZEMO, a clean liquid preparation for external use to rid the skin of the germlife that causes the trouI One application will relieve the v hing andoften times one bottle is :...,iicient tocure a minor case of eczem .ZEMO is sold by drugget s everywhere and in Paris bv W. '. Brooks,and they whl tell voii of t! i marvn-lous cures made by this cloa.i, simpletreatment. ZEMO ;inrl ZRMf) nnare recognized as the cleanest andmosD popular treatment for eczema,pimples, dandruff and all other forms !or sum or scalp affections whether on5? r Sr?wn Peon Will you tryZhiMO and ZEMO soap on our recommendation and miaiMiiten or :iicfnr..tiou or your money back?W. T. BROOKS' Drug Store. 'Gov. Willson Will Call E7ctra Session. IAlthough Governor Willsun has notdPtermined upon the date for calling lan extra session of the Legislature, it!is known positively that he has decid-1ed to call an extra session when the Ireport of the census returns in Ken-!tucky is received by him.The principal object for the extrasession will bn to redistnet the statefur the Ugislative, concessional andAppellate Court districts. Everypledge that was made in the last Re-puoucan sta'.s platform upon whichGovernor Willson was elected will beenacted into laws unless the Legislature refuses to act upon them.No Need to Stop Work.When your doctor orders you tostop worn it staggers you. "I can't,"you say. You know you are weak,run-down and failing in health, dayby day, but you must work as long asyou can staud. What you need iselectric fitters to give tone, strengthand vigor to your system, to prevent Ibreak down and build you up. Don't Ibe Weak. SUiklv nrililinnr ivlinn T?ln Itrie Bitters will benefit you from thefirst dose. Thousands bless them fortheir glorious health and strength.Try them. Every bottle is guaranteed to satisty. Only 50 cents at;Oberdorfer's.Crossfield to Quit presidency.Richard Henry Crossfield, Presidentof Transylvania University and oneof the best known educators in theSouthwest, has asked to be relievedas President to accept the pastorate oftha First Christian church at Atlanta, tGa. President Cros3iield is now in Pa- jmona, Cai. j lie will remain in his po-1sition with the university the rest of!this year.SS22DSsgSc35Sg23Se22S35DI Were you dissatisfied with yourlastXoal. Try-rrraSHBirL . V m BTBest the earth produces and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.SaSSSessSSagSa'Si&csSSjpssSseiaomOhas, S. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed.Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. 8. BRENT BRO.BotU 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.Free Itemedv ForWeak Bowels--DIDYOU KNOW...There are two forms of bodilycleanliness, the external and the in-!ternal. The one is for your pride in ,yourself; the other for your life andhealth. Both are important, but ofvastly more importance in the longrun is the internal cleanliness.This is one point that all should watchabout their body the cleanliness of thebowels. Keep them clean and free fromobstructions. To do this you must haveone or two movements of the bowelseach twenty-four hours. If your system1 does not do this naturally, in the processof eatincr and drinkimr. then you mustobtain aid of some kind. After findingout that cathartics, salts and such things.relieve you for a day, but bind you upworse than ever the next day, then try asimpler and more natural remedy likoDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,i For the skeptical the best way to beKln is to send your name and address tot Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle.(Use it as directed and If It convinces'you that a brief continuance of its usewill relieve you permanently that it willtrain the stomach and bowel muscles toagain work naturally at certain hourathen buy it of your druggist at fiftycents and one dollar a bottle, just as somany others are doing. They began witha sample bottle, then bought a fifty centbottle, and now, fully convinced of itsmerits, they buy the one dollar familysize. All the members of the family canuse it down to the very youngest.A brief use of this, grand laxative tonicwill cure constipation In Its worst form.Indigestion, liver trouble, sick headache,sour stomach and such ailments and keepyou In continuous good health at a verysmall cost. Such is the experience ofmany families like that of Mrs. OscarFleener. Unlonville. Ind.. J. P. Daniel.Saron. Tex., and hundreds of others thatcould be named.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give you any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining to5H :r focf ininialo fron "ie 6l"uiawi, liver or ouweis UDSOiuietyv...-.. Iree or Cnarge. isxpiam your case in aF..J. CHENEY & CO., letter and he will reply to you in detail.Toledo, O. For the free sample simply send yourSola by all druggists 75 cents. fflSS-BS i&'2r A'.SSS.STake Hall's Family Pills for consti-" address is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.50CCaldpation. : , " wU buiWInf;, Monticello, I1U,-,'. , i. - "That I Build All Kids of(Seal.)' FEATHERS?I DO. I also buy and pay more money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for all kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and Purs.BEEF HIDES. Unti! furtheKnotice'I will pay you from7 1-2 cents to 8 cents per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St., Phone 374 Paris, Ky.It Is AlwaysA Jay BirdLOCANDA 302,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:05) if. champion to high "wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:lli- He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:15 j; was thechampion racing stallion of 390MU05; three-year-old record 2:16jjf; four-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:0734; six-year-old record 2:03?.t;seven-year-old record 2:03?4; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 fOR AiLIVING FOALNORAB 36915, Trial 2. IS, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador- 2:21, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09) by Grand Sentinel$15 f OR A LIVING FOALr!W. A.. BACON.. ManlehuritFm.. Park. Kentuckyim. - '- .3l?' i ' - .',. - t - !,- i ,'i , ' . '-: '" . i' H;M-V'75 .. ' " SA-THE BOURBONNEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 10, ,1911.A 3t ( 'AAAUbjUT"' or.? the Slidinp CordBack which nisltcs fehirirj 1 'reticent Suspenders the most ccn.forublc and durableSHIRLEYPRESIDENT SUSPENDERSarc nccesiiry to your comfort for dress wear, business or hard work. After a few days' wear youwill wonder why you ever wore the ordinaryLied.Mace in three weights to suit all occupationand in extra lengths for tall men.ooia by your dealers or from factory at 50c.Signed Guarantee on every pairTHE C. A. EDGARTON MFG. CO.333 MAIN STREET, SHIRLEY, HASS.3M5S51II&,:. ..& CJ tfOit ..i . rv (yi'j' v--:..v :r;;.; msjssz-j. .ii j j. o v ALi ? vim .jfTW :t f! -: Iprlccpsid &M.'Jr iBzy FtJKS .5'KatI"-W nu.XW rS 3tfs z IDCG. r0.2a--5srvf CCKHItSICWCurtis & Overby,BARBERS,Succehsors to Carl Crawford3 Qlo-airs 3All White Parbers, jHot and Cold Baths. !Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service."I was Crippled,could hardly walkand had to Crawldown stairs at times on my handsand knees. My doctor told me Ihad an acute attack of inflammatoryrheumatism. I was in the hospitalfor weeks, but was scarcely able towalk when I left it. I read aboutDr. Miles' Nervinebought a bottle and began to getbetter from the start, and for thepast six months I have had scarcelyany pain and am able to walk aswell as ever." J.H. Sanders,P. O. box 5, Rockaway, N. J.Few medicines are of any benefitfor rheumatism, but Mr. Sanderstells plainly what Dr. Miles' Restorative Nervine did for it. Onelunce of salicylate of soda added tone bottle of Nervine makes an ex-:ellent remedy for rheumatism,which is now known to be a nervous disease and therefore subject tothe influence of a medicine that actsthrough the nerves, as doesDr. Miles' NervineSufferers from rheumatism seldomfail to find relief in the use ofDr. Miles' Nervine, with salicylateof soda.Sold under a guarantee that assuresthe return of the'price of the first bottleIf it fails to benefit. At all Druggists.MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCEA MAN OF MYSTERY.Peculiar Life of Metastatic the Colebrated Italian Poet.Metastasio (1G9S-1TS2), the celebrateddramatic and operatic poet, spent fiftyfive years in Vienna with the Martinesfamily without ever learning Germanor wishing to learn it.Besides his utter indifference to allspeech but Italian, Metastasio possessed many peculiarities of character.Xone might mention death in his presence. Those who alluded to smallpoxbefore him he made it a point not tosee again. In all his fifty-five yearsin Vienna he never gave away morethan the equivalent of $25 to thepoor. lie always oecui d the sameseat at church, butiever paid for it.He took all his meals in the most mysterious privacy. His greatest friendshad never seen him eat anything but abiscuit with some lemonade. Nothingwould induce him to dine away fromhome, lie never changed his wig orthe cut or color of his coat.Metastasio was to have been presented to the pope the day he died andraved about the intended interview iuthe delirium of his fast moments. Mrs.L'ioz.i (familiar to readers of BoswellY"Life of Dr. Johnson" as Mrs. Thralo)collected these particulars from the ladies of the Martines family, withwhom Mctastasio was so long domesticated without speaking or understanding a word of their language from firstto last. xETIQUETTE IN SIAM.men8DruggistSonThe Public Patronage Re- Tlnnio Vnnhhnspectfully Solicited. "",v "wnivi ac r i ' Manicuring 35 Cents, ICurtis & Overby. . r 'Shampooing '25 Cents. 'ijJjTjraCharles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Work don1 promptly and satisfaction Ijruarantoed. IaujrlUtfEast Tenn. Phone (5(59Trade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.InrnnncAtiiHricr n abnitli ntiii ilfjprlnf inn miirquli i.ly ascertain mir opinion frco whether aninvention is probably patentable. ComniniJici.:imi M net ly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentst'ut frtr Olilest auenry for securing patent.I'.iti'nts taken tlmnmh Muim & Co. receivespecial notice, without cliarue, initioScientific American.A handsomely ilhutrntPd weekly. Larcest iri illation of :uiy HCientitlf journal. 'IVtiiis. $ ! am- ir: f uir months, f I. S.0I1I byall nun denier.MUNNCo.361B'oadwa' New YorkHrancli Oitice, trij V St., Wu-Oiinytoii. 1. U.Offers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding- counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders" loft at The Bourbon Newsolllee will receive prompt- attention.Cunt p"a.M MILLSChV ,-" A.f&$&??&.&O V 'osrr & jr - v' ''Ps j-JhZ-Sif(.r-&-m: ww? , ',?:. VOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.1A moderately priced one, too. !If you are looking for "The" jHat you'll find it in our pres-jten handsome display of smart.nillinery.We have made extra e fortsrhis season to reach the idea ofvery woman and feel confident'A your securing a satisfactorypurchase here. jMrs. Corne Watson Barrd.Don't 'el this most.destructive of allinfectious diseasesptt a "grip" onyoi:r flock.A few drops ofBOURBON POULTRY CUREin the drinkinj: water cures and preventsCholera, Llmbernecv, Roup .and othercxiMing forms f poultry di'-eaes, and putsfowls in prime condition for ejig-laying.One COc bell!.; r.ii.kcs 12 colons of medicine.Ever, poulfy raier should keep a bottleif thi' intdn ine ni li.nd.For Sale by W. T. Brooks,octiiati":Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.His Kirst Day in School.It was a country school. A small,bright-faced boy had just been enrolled, and this was his first day. Theteacher pointed out a desk for him.and gave Mm a lesson to study, lietcok his teat, piopped his knees upugainst the desk, with his feet swinging down underneath, and soon became absoibed in his lesson. He became so absorbed, in fact, that he forgot he was in school, and presently hepuckered up his lips and whistled.first softly and then quite shrilly. Theteach ar laid down his pen in amazement, and cried sharply: "Who is thatwhistling?" The small boy looked upquickly, and then said, innocently:"That v. as me. Didn't you know Ivculd whistle?"On Hands and Knees Before the KingI Vas Long tho Custom There.Perhaps the most revolutionary reform carried out by the late king of, Siam was the abolition of the arbitrary rule of etiquette whicn forbadean inferior in rank to raise his headalune that of a superior or even levelwith it. The inferior must not evenpass over a bridge while a superiorwas underneath it, nor must he entera room in an tipper story while a superior was occupying a room beneathit. Servants approached their mastors on hands and knees. This custom is by no means obsolete today inspite of the royal edict, for many ofthe powerful nobles who live faraway from the court still enforce it.In IS74 the king held a largo court,at which no one present presumed toappear otherwise than on hands andknee. It was at this audience thatthe edict forbidding the custom wasread to the prostrate multitude. Theythere and then rose and stood likemen in the presence of their sovereignfor the first time on record. "Sincethen there ha been no prostration attho royal audiences, p.ut if a superior stops to peak to an inferior inthe street the latter will still bend orlower his head in some way as amark of respect. London SaturdayI!e iew.Getting Even.Baby Tim had tried his mother's patience beyond endurance, and, declaring her intention of administering immediate corporal punishment, shesnatched up the nearest availableweapon, which happened to be Tim'sbig rag doll. Tim, though little hurt,howled lustily, and that night, takingthe doll to bed with him as usual,.sternly exclaimed: "It's your turnnow, Topsy. You whipped me thisafternoon, but you'll sure get yoursnowUncle Eben's Philosophy.- "Fome Men hates work so bad," saidUncle Eben, "dat dey would kick onde responsibility of keepin' an eightrday clock wound up."Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite! Frank & Co.Special WinterTourist TicketsVIADr. Wm. Kenney,PARrS, KENTUCKY.OHice .114 Main Street.33. T 130.'Jllice PhonesUmi deuceHomo 18(5.4 13. T. 31.Home 384.DR. A. H KISLTjER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'gParis, ... - KentuckyT J. WIIitiTAMS,O ATTORNEY-AT-IAW.toom l.Elks Boildinif.On Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi," Mexico, New Mexico,North and SoutH Carolina,Porto llico, Tenueibee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers Tickets on Sale 1st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, etc., call011 writeW. H. HARRIS. Agentor D. S. JORDAN. T. A.u 1 N' JThisis the trademark whichis found onevery bottleof the genuineScott's Emulsionthe standard Cod LiverOil preparation of theworld. Nothing equalsit to build up the weakand wasted bodies ofyoung and old.FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend 10c, name of paper and this ad. forour beautiful Savings Bank and Child'sSketch-Hook. lach bank contains aGood Luck Penny.SCOTT it. BOWNE, 409 Pearl St., N. Y.Spoiled In the Making,r.ohold. when a man on a Irolloyr-ar romoved hi hat tho other day littleWillie observed that ho was bald yea,very bald, for not a sinide hirsuterambler trailed over his binning pate,lint when it came lo whiskers thebald party was right there Willi thelilacs. lie had whiskers in bundles,whiskers in stacks. In fact, he hadi enough whiskers to start a rat factoryand make a fortune."Say, mamma,'' finally remarkedWillie, turning to his mother, "justi look at that man there.""Huh, dear!" returned mamma. "Hewill hear you. "What's the matter withhim?""Everything is the matter with him,"replied the youngster. "When the angels made him they put his head onupside down." Philadelphia Telegraph. His Blunt Critic.Irving P.acheller was introduced oneday by a mutual friend to a westernmountaineer."Mr. Bacheller," exclaimed thefriend to the mountaineer, "is an autlior of repute in the east.""Oh, yes," drawled the mountaineer."I know of him. I was locked up inmy cabin here by the snow two winters ago, and I only had two books toread the whole live months, your book,sir," he said, turning to Mr. Kacheller,"and the Bible, and I read themthrough several times.""Indeed!" said the author, a smileof satisfaction wreathing his face."Yes, sir," continued the old mountaineer, "and I never knew beforehow interesting the Bible was." St.Paul Dispatch.Grenada Vas Bought Cheap.The island of Grenada, in the British West Indies, was bought by the 'French from the Caribs by a solemntreaty in the middle of the seventeenthcentury, and the price paid was twobottles of rum. Ksau's mess of. pottage was a good stroke of business' bycomparison. The Carilw soon regret- Ited havinir sold their birthright and Jvaluly tried to iret the inland back by iforce. It is now one of England's mot 1prosperous colonies in the West Indies. 'So Absurd.! Youth Look here! This horse Thired from you runs on to the pavement overv time he sees a motorcar. !j ITor.se Dealer "Well, you don't expect;.a horse to run up a telegraph pole or Iclimb a tree, do you 7 New- York Jour- 'nal. IIt Suited Him.Silas Say, did you ever see a golduru boil jest where you wanted it?Storekeeper Yep; the one ou you isexactly all right fer me, Si. BostonTranscript.It requires very little trouble to findfault. That is why there are so many-.rities. Holmes. r ". '" " 'mmwmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B R0OfflS OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.-Our type is new and modernfaces.the Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fciiUWiauuiiWittA-it-J5An' .? ' , vSPECIAL. RUG SALEOur offerings for March I include our entire stock at low pricesfor the purpose of advertising our Spring Stock.ftm i Man .trLmmr f n-t.7 v-" "snv t-" ia. . tk. -mrMmimBt k.a. iK yrt w jj ra w. va irc w. kt. w - c r- .tks :zbkx r iLi Bi' fsB, fKt. ar RKv- ll '' vCrw Ki t. . :o'3W9x12 feet, $18.00 value at Y$14.00feet, $21.00 value atSmillPoxio Railroid Camp." Smallpox has appeared ktr.ong thenegro laborers at one of the construc-tinn camps on the L. & M. extensionabove Jackson, Ay., ana two negroessuffering with the disease have beentaken to the eruptive hospital, nearLexington for treatment.As soon as sympthoms of the maladv made its aDDearance the two suspects were hustled away, and no fearsare entertained of a spread of theI malady. Most of the laborers engaged on tne construction wortc are located beyond where the disease was discovered, and therefore did nut come inCUIILUCU WILU LI1G JJtl LICII IS.There are more than fifteen hundredlaborers, principally foreigners andnegroes, engaged on the axtension,and the work is being pushed with vigor, it is stated, considering the unfavorable weather and the inconvenienceattending transportation of materialBase Ball Hwi Ittms,NO.REPORT OF CONDITION OPFirst National BaitclosePresident J.' W. Bacon, of thi Parisclub, spent Wednesday, in Cincinnatiwith Manager McKernan and reportsthe manager in tip top shape, showinghe has wirtered hnely. McKernan isanxious for the season to open and inthe'last few dasy has signed some verypromising players and expects to havei fliih fifyhfinr -fnr mnh nnri avptvgame. The new men are Carl H. Dild, RESOUPwCES.who plays either infield or outfield ; 1 Loans and Discounts ... 371,850 0TJoe E. Rapp, short stop, and Chas. J. I U. S. Bonds to secure cir-Yerkes, a first baseman or outfielder. 1 culationAT PARIS. KY.In the State of Kentucky, at theof business March" 7, 1911.The latter is an especially hard hitter,in two games in the fall , battingagainst Noodles Hahn, the old Cincinnati Red pitcher. Yerkes securedeignt two baggers out of nine times atbat.Catcher Simon, brother of the Pitts-U. S. Bonds to secure U. S.depositsDue from National Banks(not reserve agents)Due from State and privatebanks and bankers, trustcompanies ana savingsreservebare catcher, has accepted .terms and 1 banksManager McKernan expects to close a J Due from approveddeal today witn anotner nign ciass acrents .and supplies over the rough mountain catcher.a man who classes highei than Checks and other cash itemsroads. any backstop now in the Blue Grass 'Notes of other National-League. Other recent acquisitions to, Banksj the club are Prof. H. W. Harbaugh . Fractional paper currencyKilled His BrotherinLaw. ja.id Sidney Cooprider, both of Clay; nickels and cents. City. Jnd. The former an outfielder Snecie - - -518.131 00iiul 1 onri 1 .nnnr100,000 CO1,000 003,584 75C.G27 M28,001 102,(h4 505,100 00117 11Obey Garnett, of Scott county.SnOt onri rnnnrifW n civ-fpnt". IPff hfinftpr T rrol-t-n,lr nnrac 1 OCA OH 10 911 flflrand killed ins brother-in-law, iieeland with terrific speed. 1 Redemption fund with U. S.Ireland, on the latter s farm, in the President Bacon is also in corres- Treasurer (5 per cent, ofLeeslick neighborhod Monday. I nonrlence with the old favorite.Thomas ' r.irrnLiHnM 5.000 COIreland had employed Garnett, who nnpirer. nnd he is to trv out a Ditcher rtn fmm r Tmniirnr o sowhom he thinks highly of and exuectsv;as his wife's orother, to v;ork fornimonnis iarm a snort time ago. to sign him for the Paris club. Ddg-!The men were at wok and Garnett .,r ct;n hnc ri,o woiforo nF thn Puric !I . . 1 . . . . . , 1 Jjl.1 dhlll """ ww .. . . - w w..w . u. . .a puiieci nis pistol ana stiot IrelandTotalIngrain Art Rugs, cJxl2 feet, $0.00 .Brussels Rugs 9x12 feet. $15.00 value.only -- -- ---Velvet Rugs, 9x12 feet, $22 00 value,only .-Brussels Rugs, 9x12 feet, $J0.00 value, atonly.-$4.00$12.0018.SO15005 Velvet Rugs,only .Axrainster Rugs, 9x12onlyBody Brussels. 9x12 feet, $-27.00 value atonlyWilton Rugs, 9x12 feet, 3S.00 value, atonly . .I lii:uuku uiu neuu. j.uu idLier uieu afew hours later. Garnett went tofe l Cynthiana end gave himself up, andT he was sent to jail without bond.I The dead man was 25 : years of ageA 'and is survived by a wife. Garnett isT ; the son of "Doc" Garnett, of Scott' county, and is 21 years old and unmar-' ried.Ooey Garnett was one of the principal witnesses for the defense in therecent trial in the Scott Circuit Courtof Claude Gregg for the murder ofMilton Jones., club at heart and often writes of players he thinks will help the team.. wants to look them over carefullyfore sending them to Pari?. Duggerwill play with Evansville, Ind., thisi season and may play the outfield onaccount of his hitting ability. IPresident Bacon and Manager McKernan closed a deal with Mr. Ban- 1i croft Wednesday by which the Cincin, nati Reds will play in Paris Sunday,! April 1G. It is expensive to get a bU. league team here and at this game theadmission will be fifty cents. The! Paris management hopes to break$542. 5d7 48LIABILITIES..$100,000 0050,000 00but i Capital stock paid inbe- Surplus fund - .- ..Undivided profits, less expenses and taxes paidNational Bank Notes outstanding .Individual deposits subjectto check. - .Time certificates of depositUnited States depositsReserved for taxes6.S27 31100,000 00257,856 G423,S11 001,000 00:,002 5319. SO19.7S2875Ballinger's Resignation AcceptedRichard A. Ballimrer's resignation iTotal . . S5-12 567 4SState of Kentucky, Co'inty of Bonr-I bon, ss: I, Jas. McCIure,even on this game and are anxious to iu,n. sst I. Jas. McCIure. Cashier ofshow their patrons what the Cham- the above named bank, do solemnlypions can do against the big leaguers. SWear that the above statement' true1 hc-y also booked the 1'arn team to to the best of mv knowledge and be-as secretary ot the interoir. dated y ?c L'1U uc uauu pain. i cv-lier.nnrr nnntiir u r.rn .-ti init:LINOLEUMS AND MATTINGS.Chinese Matting, per yardJapanese Matting . . .Imported LinoleumCork LinoleumImported Inlaid35c75c$15015c22c.Innnnrv 1Q Inch met a nfnantfiA woofir' day by President Taft, and Walter L.$ j Fisher, of Chicago, was appointed api his successor, his comimssoin beingjsignd immdiately by N the President.j Mr. Fisher will take office within aA few days.:port Sunday, April 30. This team is t JAS. McCLUREcomposed of a rgeat mny players of ' Subscribed and sworn tothe team that Paris plajed a few j fu; nth dav of March. 1911.Cashierbefore maTHE NEW BETTER-VALUE STOREE. M. WHEELER, Proprietor,ROBNEEL BUILDING.EIGHTH AND MAIN STREETSHorsemen ShouldLicense.SecureHorsemen who have stallions tostand during this season should remember thee is a license to he secured before they can do so legally. County Clerk Paton has informed the Newsthere are a J number who have stallions, jacks and bulls who will chargefppo fnr fhn concern huf mrin noim rrfaonnrnrl fllliconan ''I'h.'eJrr.of n. B!,nl,l ' S pi'lCed at $o00he lnnkPfl intn hv Hip hnrco nnrl cfnb "eP hian at that price.men before proceeding further andprobably save trouble with revenuei men.itnni-j Mnn orwl lrrm fHr lrrfQC nrnirl Iever at a ball game in Covingtcn. The(Covingtons ha I won fourteen straight' games but went down before McFar-la ud's curves and were beaten . to 1.i As the Paris club will have sometwenty 'odd men to report there will bea tam at home to play on April 30.The Paris club has refused a $200cash ofFer for Scott in the last fewdays, the offer being made by a bigleague suout. Foui teams are tryingto secure Scott at the present time butmost of them by trade and ?lcKernandoes not care to trade as he is satisfiedhe has already secured players thatwill give Paris a high class club. Scottand considered aGRACE DONALDSON.Notary Public.Correct Attest: Claude M. Thomas,W. W. Haley, M. R. Jacoby, Directors.Brussells Rugs.During A. F. Wheeler's March Sale9x12 Brussells Rugs will be offered for$13.75. k2tfAlien County Farmer Killed byMob.Wood Ayres, an Allen county farmer' was shot from ambush Monday nightI and killed by a mob that had as' sembled quitely for the purpose of, taking the life of the man who it is'Ine following is a list ot players . anegea muruereu nis motner-in-law msigned to dace: Pitchers Rube liar- an effort to secure her wealth, and ofold. G. L. Timme. Albert Reynolds. ' which charge a jury failed to reach a. " SPRING TIME IS HERE, . 'r my mm ."'-Walden Lander, Lester Wood, JamesK. Flauser, who was recommended byHolder, Frank Scrauder, Preston.Brown, Earl Hewitt, William Holleran, J. L. Barnett, Sidney Cooprider.Catchers Simon, Peter Ettinger. B.F. Goodman. Inlielders Edward McKernan, Bill Kuhlman, Carl H. Dilg,Chas. J. Yerkes, .Joe E. rtapp, Fred ' execution.Grant. Outfielders Ray D. Goodwin,Prof. Harry W. Harbaugh. ;The old players not signed yet areMaxwell, Thau, Barnett, Scott and,Chapman. These are expected to behere when the bell taps. The Parismanagement has the reputation of be-,ing liberal with its players and helping them to better positions more thanany Class D. team in the country, having sold seven; to higher leagues sincethe close of last season as follows :Kaiser, drafted by Chicago Nationalsand Philadelphia Americans, awardedto Chicago and sold to Louisvillewhere he has now reported; Williams,drafted by Toledo ; Winchell, draftedverdict when the case was on trial.His body was riddled with buckshot.Warrants wore sworn out by FloraJane Ayres, widow of Ayres, for thearrest of Wash Willoughby, GordonWil lough by. his son. and GeorgeGreathouse, son-in-law. They arecharged with having taken part in theThe Dollar Princess" at Lexington.AND THE A. P. WHEELER STORE WILL HAVE EOR THREE WEEKSA MONEY-SAVING SALE FOR SPRING BUYERS"The Dollar Princess'the beautifulViennese musical comedy, comes tothe Lexington Opera nou?e Monday.March 20, for two performances, matinee and night. The company is underthe management of Mr. Charles Frohman, and numbers nearly one hundredpeople with a magnificent scenic production, and with a special augmentedorchestra. Thi musical comedy rantun months at the KnickerbockerTheatre, New York. The music of the"Dollar Princess" is almost worthy ofra."Vu-vfi'&1CHIFFO-ROBEJUST LIKE CUTSCHILD'S CRIB BEDIs what you need for the baby.S5.75A Beatiful Line ofCHINA CLOSETSm JMmmI ll i . t.l 1,1 i c......" f "??. .lo 'S .K lLWA?r " ! a Place in grand opera. The lyrics are, ' n ; i ii xt r"ii, n . , i extremely gracreful and melodious,Ga. ; Poole sold to Norfolk Ga. ; Hoi- d ..The Dollar Princeas Wat2uer, sum to xeirt; rmuic, jliiii.Thi1 is a record for a Class D. teamand makes allbull players janxious toget a berth on the Paris club underD-ORTJust Like Cut, in the bestChase leather,$19.75.Ij Manager McKernan. McKernan isexpected in Paris April 10, land players on same date to get ready for thebig game with the lieds April 1G.. Improving the local grounds will be, the next thing in order and today menwill be at work planting fifty trees toimprovj the looks of the park.The Frankfort base ball club has'signed Huh M. Quill, of Bedford,Ind., to play first base. He haH beenhighly recommended as a first basemanand a heavy hitter. Manager LewI Coleman is going slow in signing, butis getting together what is believedwill be a strong team, especially inthe batting line.fast becoming recognized as a successor to the famous "Merry WidowWaltz" "The Dollar Princess' i fullt of f unmakers, and each of its charac' ters seems to be the funniest fellowyou have ever met until the next onecomes on thp stage. Their humor isnot of the slap stick sort, but is extremely merry and witty. The piece,through its music and dances and refined merriment, has a universal appeal. One of the prettiest choruses' that have ever been seen in Lexingtonwill be seen with this company. Thegowns alone in the piece are said tohave cost thirty-five thousand dollars,and it is quite the most extravagantlystaged piece Mr. Frohman has eversent jout. Owing to the melodiousscore, special care has been taken byMr. Frohman to secure git Is with goodvoices.awA Beautiful Line ofIron and Brass. Bedsat prices that will suit you$1.75 up to $32.00.Sunday base ball is a sure go inAlaysville now The Maysville Amusement Company, with a capital of,S4, 000, and the company that is running the Maysville jhase ball club inthe Blue Grass League filed papers ofincorporationHudnut's Toilet Articles.We haveHudnut's toiletTHE SADDLE STALLION,Ben D"orr,153 hands high, heavy mane and tail,will make the season "of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two" miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes atjustreceivedanew line of.$15 Jo nsurc a Living Colt.oilet waters, perfumes, etc.YARD EN & SON.Get Our Prices onMattings and UnolumsDuring Our March Sale.(h Wl S II 5) SivURT xr . - iri Ul ' "MARTIN BROSI Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.,mnwrn- ;i-A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE CO.rHAi iRF-ffrpu rvir,R OPP. COURT HOUSErm a V. m-m -- . -my . - - - -! Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a Specialty, Hauling Tobacco.BEN D'OIl is by McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy, by Lovely. he byi Ledger: Nancy's first dam Fleet by1 Forest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, or bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colts until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents orescapes. T. B. ST1TH.K. F. D. No. 1, Paris, Ky.ofTHIRD STS.m COR.. MAIN &Jj Up-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.lloodine Blood and Kidney ITablets cure Jvidney and BlauuerDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentiemen:-.. Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me moretJun any remedy I have ever taken. 1 am old,ruptured and 1 suffer much from Kidney endBladder Trouble. 1 have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent nae. so kindly scsdTablets promptly.Yours truly, Thomas Taylor. A4m, III.?: fi , r1-cym nil pTHE!91T1ItiE BOURBON NEWS.L&rfaiJrkFIRST, LAST. AND ALL THE TIMESt. Patrick Cards and Letters.See our beautiful line of St. PatrickG2.rdsand letters.PARIS BOOtC CO.Fire and Tornado Insurance.McCLURt & CLENDENEN.Home Phone 72.Residence Sold.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Wednesday for E. F. Hash his reisdence onSotinth .Main street to W. H. Clarkej or S3, 020. ,Fresh Vegetables.jtverything in fresh vegetables dnliy.O. P. COOK & CO.Meet Tomorrow Night.The Beys Debaiing Club will meet atle Public Li Drat y Saturday eveningU 7 o'cIopIc. Judge Harmon Stitt williWrrss the Club.Miller Sale.Al the salp of Bruce Miller, neartins city, Wednesday, the stock, cropand farm implements brought fairprices. There was a fair crowd in attendance. Auctioneers Kenney andSpeakes conducted the sale.Rugs at Reduced Prices.Large Axminstec rugs, floor size,for $18.75 dur,ng A. F. Wheeler'sThree weeks' March Sale. :3 tfMad Stone Found.While digging ' in an olc1 Indianracnnd near Indian Fields, r, coloredtenant of Judge H. Clay Melee's?iod a mad s-tonp. The stone is nowin the hands of Judge McKee and isconsidered quite a curiosity.Cakes, Cakes.Try our Angel Food Cakes. Largef ize 50 cents, small size 25 cents.C. P. COOK & CO.Chinn in Race for Clerkship..1. Morgan Chinn, former Clerk ofrhe Court of Apppals, announced hiscandidacy Tuesday for the Democraticnomination for thu Clerk of the Courtof Appeals. He is a son of Col. JackP. Chinn, of Harrodsburg.Standard Novels at Cost.One complete set of Dickens' andcomplete set of Scott's works, handsomely bo'ind. This week at the greatly reduced price of $12.50 and .$10.50respectively.PARIS BOOK CO.High School Soys Defeated.The boys' basket ball team ot theParis High School went to GeorgetownMonday and were defeated by a teamof the Georgetown High School by ascore of 40 to 10. The Paris teamwill journey to Richmond tonightwhere they will again meet the teamof the Caldwell High Schocl.Wall Paper Season.Now is the time to have your wallpiper put on the walls. Our decurators are ready to wait on you. Ourock is prettier, larger and the mostcomplete in Kentucky.J.T. HINTON.Sheep Money Has Been ReceivedCounty Clerk Pearce Paton has received from the Auditor of PublicClaims the money due the farmers ofBourbon county on the claims forsheep killed by dogs during the pastyear. The total amount realized fromtne dog tax in bourbon was 1.147.20,while the total amount of sheep claimskjo-regated $3,336. The claims werejiro rated at about 33 per cent.Spring Carpets and Rugs.Our spring line ot carpets and rugsis exquisite. Call in and have a lookat them. Let us figure with you before you purchase pnd we will not onlyvave you money but will guaranteewhat we sell you..1. T. HINTON.Land Sales.V. Robert Hopkins has sold to Rogir Crouch 57 acres of land on the PlumLick pike, near Little Rock Price,SU17Henry S. Cay wood sold to Andersonliutler a tract of land near Nortn MidUletown, containing twelve acres.Price, $1.531.30.Hudnufs Toilet Articles.We have just rf-ceied a new line ofIludnut's toilet waters, perfumes, etc.VARDEN & SON.Notice to the Public.Pans, Ky.. March ). liill.The City Health Board desires a fullreport of all acute' infectious or contagious diseases within the city ofl'aris. This report is required quarterl by the State Boaid and cannot Lemade if those responsible fail to leP rt promptly. Diphtheiia, scarletfcvcrt small pox, tuberculosis andwhooping cough especially come underthis heading. Will the physicians andheads of families, where none is em-Ployed, (and one should always be employed) kfndly assist the Board in itsPlTorts for the healthfulness of theity. Our greatest endeavors withoutjour earnest cooperation will availlittle. Let us get together then, anden what can be done by unity of spirit m this, the most vital of all publicuetstious. Our conduct right nowpresages the weakness or 'strength ofle succeeding generation. StoutMuorous manhood and womanhood depends upon correct, early environment.Cloanhness is the foundation of good''e&lth. A word to the wise is suflicint. Verv respectfully,A, H. KELLER, City Physician.MM"PEISONAL MENTION.Mr. Henry McGinley' is quite ill.Mrs. J. T. Hinton, Sr., is ill withgrip.Mrs. Carl Wilmfcth is visiting relatives in Cynthians.Miss Agnes Welsh 13 quitejll froman attack of pneumonia.Mr?. Jos. M. Rion remains ill atI her home on Second street.Mrs. W. B. Chambers is seriously, ill at her home on Walker's avenue.; -Mr. Ed Case, of North Middle-town, has returned irom a trip to'' Weston, Mo.' Dr. George Varden left Tuesdaymorning: tor a stay or a few weeks atMartinsville, Ind.i Mrs. Bettip Redrord is improvingafter a om Illness at her home onthe Foru-: .Mill p.ke.Mfrs Elizabeth Kail, the littledaughter f,f .Mr. and Mrs. MarionHall, is ill with iagrippe.Mrs. James McCIure and guests,Mrs. Ragsdale and Dr. Stein werevisitors in Lexington yesterday.Mis. Wallace Mitchell is visitingher niece, Mrs. Sam Willi, in Winchester, and attending the Wrightmeeting., Mrs. J. Simms Wilson and Jlittk. son. William, leave this morning tojoin Mr WjUdi on h.s'farm at PensaI ttcla, Ok la,! Miss Nettie Korton has returnedto her home In Mt. Steilnig after aI visit to Mrs. Catesby Woodford, Jr.,j near Noith Middletown.i Miss Frankie Clark has enteredthe Smith Business College, Lexingi ton, for a course in phonography and' bookkeeping'., --Mrs. J. G. Baxter and daughter,Miss Zerenda, oi Richmond, who havebeen the guests of Mr. and Mrs.Homer Riser have returned home.iI Miss Jessia Mae Ockurman, returned yesterday to the Normali School at Richmod after spending sev' eral clays with her parents near LittleKOClC.The Lexington Leader says: "Mr.and Mrs. William Simms have arrivedat Woodburn Cottage, from New Yorkand Mr. Simms is very much betteri from his illness of appendicitis "' Mr. J. W. Hayden, who suffered anroken hip by falling from a ladder atj his home on Higgins avenue aboutI three months ago, is able to be abouti on crutches.J Mr. Chas. T. Guiilett, of Louisi ville. State agent for the Fidelity and; and Casualty Insurance Company, ofNow York, has been in the city sever' al days on business. Mr. Guiilett is.well known in Pans, he and his wife,1 who was formerly Miss Carrie Thomp! son, of Georgetown, having visited! here on several occasions.Judge Sandidge to Preside., Governor Wilson ? Wednesday designated Judge W. P. Sandidge, of Rus-, sellville, as special Judge of the Bour' bon Circuit Court to preside in theplace of Judge Robert L. Stout, who, is ill and in Florida.Sharp Captured.Jim Sharp, colored, wanted here forthe cutting of Pres. Lannum, also colored, in a drunken brawl in th negro1 suburb of Claysville some few weeksago, was arrested yesterday and landed in'jail by Constable G. N. McKeneyand Jailer Joe Farris. Sharp has been'a fugitive since the '.cutting, Jand theollicers yesterday .received the infor-mation that he l was at 'Hutchison i'where he was employed with a gangof laborers working on the railroad.St. Patrick Cards and Letters.See our beautiful line of St Patrickpost cards and letters.7 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Spring Term of School at Colville, 1 Miss Bessie Miller, of Paris, will begin a spring term of school at the Col-' ville school house on .Monday, March '13.. Colored Man Dies.Charles Small, a highly respectedj colored man, formerly of Paris, died ,at the Soldiers' Home in Dayton, Ohio,'Tuesday. He will be remembered asthe driver for the late Mrs. Mollie 'Grimes. His remains were broughthere yesterday for burial.First National Bank Statement.Attention is directed to the state-1ment in this issue of the First Nation-'al Bank of Paris in its report at v the, close of business March 9, 1911. Thestatement shows the institution to be' in a flourishing condition with individual deposits amounting to $257,8515.04. i: Hair Goods,i The firm of Curtis & Overby has se-cured the agency for a Columbus firm1 for toupees, wigs and hair goods of all 1descriptions. The prices on wigs andtoupees range from $15 up. 10 tf. Delegation Will Go to Mt. Sterling.With a view of securing the Republican convention to nominate a candidate for the J'hird Railroad District adelegation of the representative citizens of Paris will go to ML Sterling, tonight to bo present and present thecl'iims of Paris, when the committee1 meets in that city tomorrow. Thedelegation will be composed of the' leading citizens of Paris regardless ofpolitical affiliation, who are desirousof securing the conventienjbecause ofthe great benefits to be derived by thef merchants and business men or rarisfrom such a gathering. Should the' committee decide to hold the convention here it will bring about five hun-, dred people to Paris to remain untilthe convention is ended, and there is a, probability it will continue for severaldays, as there are several candidatesin ho tinIA onH tntpr:f. in thp rnee is?growing raily.Council Meeting.No business of importance was before the Council at the regular meeting last night.Police Judge E. B. January presented to the Board his report of the PoliceCourt for the month of February. Thereport shows the amount of fines assessed to be 235.00; replenied, S40;cash. .?95; suspended, 20; worked out,335.50.Seed Potatoes.Seed potatoes, all kinds of gardenseed in package or bulk and white oatseed just received. .Both phones.tf LINKS' GROUURY.JeffriesJohnson Fight Pictures.Manager R. S. Porter of the ParisGrand has made arrangements to secure the Jerfties-Johnson fight picturesfor one night only during the comingweek.Elks Elect Officers.55 Pari3 Lodge No. 73, Benevolent andProtective Order of Elks elected Tuesday night the following oflicers for theensuing yearEalted Rulei R. K. McCarney.Esteemed Leading Knight J Q.Ward.Esteemed Loyal Knight Harry Saloshin. Esteemed Lecturing Knight Kenney Nichols.Treasurer C. K. Thomas.secretary J. W. Bacon.Tyler O. P. Carter, Sr.1 Trustee Denis Dundon.The installation of the nely elertedoflicers will take place on the eveningof Tuesday, April 4, and will be followed by an elaborate social.Kudnut's Toilet Articles.We have just received a new line ofIludnut's toilet waters, perfumes, etc.VARDEN & SON.Everything ForThe Chickens !IGalvanized VarmentProof Coops.Galvanized Waterersandfeed Fountains.Chick and Chicken Feeds.Grits and Oyster Shell.AlsoBest Grade Dairy Feed.Horse Feeds, Etc.Verkes $ Kenney,Paris, Ky.Notice to Property Owners.All property owners, or agents rcp-resenting them, are hereby notified to iput their premises in good sanitary Icondition. All garbage of any kind,ash banks, manure heaps, cess pools, jvaults, etc.. must .receive proper attention. Manure heaps are tithe incubators for the common house flies, a Igreat distributor of disease. Remove tthem weekly. This notice will beeireeuve ueginning luarctiui, mil, upon which date a general inspectionwill begin. By "order of the Boaid ofHealth.A. H. KELLER, City Physician.LOST.Between Sixth and Fourteenthstreets, pair gold nose glasses. Return to this office and receive reward.For Sale Privately.I will sell privately my cottage onMt. Airy. This cottage is in good iepair, has all modern improvements andis now rented to good paying tenant.Any one wishing to purchase Jean callon me at my business house on Mainstreet before March 25.MRS. M. PATON.TOBACCO TENANT WANTEDWf wnnt. a tnhnrpn fpnnnf- in nrrmuten acres of tobadco on the shares. IGood land with three room house, neardepot and only seven miles from Paris.Good range for poultry. Cal! phone84 or 33,. Paris. lu 3tWANTEDFifty barrels of merchantable corn.PARIS ICE M'F'G. CO.FOR SALE.Locust posts -All sizesGEO. RASSENFOSS.I IStone'sWra)cdCakcsThey Sweeten the Disuosi-nun ui uis TMiuie iduiiiy.I A Scientific Combination of IAll That's Good. IUT j Tir nm Hiauueu in nax raper m(Packages.So to eliminate all that'sbad.FiV9CZBmammmmmtmmzmmmKmmmmwNever have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and mellow.Hearing is believing-.Come in any time noobligation.ViclrcIa.X $75.1The latest mode on exhibition inour Show Window.Daugfyerfy Bros'CSSAm ML mM J tS. mmDOCarpets, Rugs,Lace Curtains,Linoleums, Mattings,Wall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent Price inCentral Kentucky.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Bay Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.J. T. HINTON.iINEVERHave we had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautif uljnFoulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized Foulards,Madras, Lawns,.. White Goods,Embroideries,, - Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists, &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.W. Ed.iFEESHourDown goeh the price forthis week. Fairy BrandPatent Flour2-1 lb. Sack 65cm tt Absolutely Pure Lard, Gov-I C if 9 eminent iuspected. The bestB " " that money can bin Forthis week per lb.PotatoesonTTMMHolpring Designs InA Specially Good HandVacuumTo introduce this'cleaner Iwill make a special price of$7.50For Ten Days"STucker.i"Cut RateCash Specials2.GO j1 21c IIper bushelInerHIsiIfr-3nf & - 'y - f- --I- ItTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 10, 191A Few Word on Loafing.Don't loaf. Idleness is the root ofstuck evil, and uncheerXulness Is oneof the shoots from the root There isbo such thing as idleness in nature.The "worlds that glitter In the archot the heavens are ever moving. Themoon never stays in one place. Therestless sea moans in and out overthe harbor bar. The rivers gurgle andsplash as they journey to the sea.The trees change their costumestwice a year, and grow a littlethroughout most of the year. Thebirds never roost at noonday, andman is the only animal who oversleeps himself.For Pantry Shelves.The shelves in the pantry oftenmean a great deal of scrubbing. Thisneed not be so if the shelves are covered with white oilcloth, such as isused for tables. Cut the oilcloth inlong strips about three inches widerthan the shelves. Make flour paste,and with it stick the oilcloth on theshelves, covering the front edge andpasting it underneath, and letting theoilcloth come up about an inch againstthe wall at the back. Shelves coveredwith oilcloih will keep tidy for years,and only need wiping over with acloth and warm water to clean them.Big Job for John."Now John," said Mrs. De Porquto the new gardener, "I hope you willremember all that I have told you.And, whatever you do, don't forget towater the electric light plant."PUBLIC SALEOFLIVE STOCKAND RENTING OF LANv I will sell at public auction, onWEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 191 I,beginning at 10 o'clock a. m., at Walter Clark's mule barns, on South Mainstreet, in Paris, Ky., adjoining the L. & X. shipping pens, the following I'vestock.season paid. Five or six of thesehorsw are reliable family horses.Eight pairs extra good big mules,broke, ready for work.z. 4 yearling Shetland ponies, sired byan imported stallion, and dams are imported. 80 two-year-old Shorthorn cattle;l'JO good yearling cattle: w.40 good stock heifers;.3 thoroughbred Aberdeen Angus bullsof the Massie strain;4 high grade Shorthorn bulls, readyfoi service;5 vearling Jersey bull; 1 eligible toregister, bred by Chas. A. Webber,show bull.One of His Peculiarities."There are times," said the eccentric boarder, "when I feel almost surethat I could manage to exist for atleast six months without hearing orseeing the words, 'proven' and 'gotten.' "Knew Her Part.The other day Mrs. Penhecker'syounger sister was married, and a dayor two after the wedding the husbandsaid: "Now, darling, I don't believein bearing malice, and if ever I haveany necessity to say anything unkindor to make use of any hard words toyou, I will always take them backagain as soon as I have cooled down.""You needn't take that trouble, mydear," replied his wife, smiling sweetly; "for if you ever use any hardwords to me, I'll always give themback to you at once."fJ bs9 ABsV AB ftsaMAMslliMAM taAsJAsJAsJAsJtfAMisaMABHiBaSMBMSlaslAABWasmftHrT TIT Tif TJLf V V ' '' ' W ' '' f J.1 '! V 'J? V F 'IT 'It' VP 'JJ V WI GARDEN TOOLS. IJ? Before buying inspect our line of dependablegarden tools. We will save you money onQuicksilver From California.California furnishes about threefourths of the quicksilver produced inthe United States.Joe, G. Mitchell,Insurance Agent35 head of horses;16 mules;250 cattle;20 head fresh cows and close springers;100 stock ewes, with lambs by side;150 shoats;10 brood sows and pigs;4 extra good boars.Horses consist of 20 head of extragood saddlers anddrivers. Several withfast trials. One five-year-old gelding,trial mile, 2:25,driven by DougThomas.One five-year-old standard bred mare,trial 2:30. Balance good farm andbusiness horses. Five mares are infoal to jacks; 4 in foal to good horses,10 head of reoristercd Aberdeen Annus cows, due to calve in April; 10 thoroughbred Aberdeen Angus heifers. This is the W. W. Massie herd of cattle,best bled in the State.Fifteen of the fresh cows offered above are the finest that were ever offeredat public sale in Bourbon county Jerseys, Shorthorns and Angus.All rf Vir nlinr ncnrihrwl ctnoL- liAlmirr tn thn '.lindftrsipnfifl and HO Otherstock will be offered or sold at this sale. Ail stock shall be as represented, and !will be sold if I have any bidders. JTERMS Ninety days, with bankable paper.At Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Master's SaleOF-Valuable Farm.OFHigh Grade Spading ForksI All Steel RakesLight & Heavy Garden HoesMarking and Onion HoesPUBLIC SALE I Firstclass handles for above tools always instock.Lawn, Garden and FarmFencing. Neat Strong andDurable.Price and Quality Guaranteed.FORD & CO.VALUABLECITY PROPERTY.llaving changed my location, anrlowing to business interests elsewhere, Iwill sell my home in Parii, Ky., oni '&T5-THURSDAY, MARCH I6TH, 1911, jBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Union Trust & Savings Companv, Plain-tiffs,vs.Nannie T. Morns and John C. Morrid,Defendants.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abocestyled action at the November Term1910 of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bouibon Circuit Court will on airMonday, March 21st, 1911If not rented on or before the day of sale, we will rent two hundred andfiftv-five acres of land, about 220 acres to be nut in corn, the remaindermainder of the farm being in grass. There two housesbarn on the premises. This land will be rented with theNegotiable note with security required.For further information apply to Harris & Speakes, real estate dealers,Pans, Ky.W. H. WHALEY,GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.W. C. McCLINTOCK, Clerk.and a large tobaccoprivilege of divisionJR.mWmmmmmmmmmmmmmmDon't Forget Great ClearanceSale Few Days Longer .GreatestBargains you ever heard of in Hamburgs, Whitegoods, Laces, Percales, Dressgoods?Silks, Cottons and'Calicos.Special BuIletin--500 pairs Ladies'white footjiose 8 1 -3(fpair.Big bargains in Ladies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts, Coats, ShoesandMillinery.ig35113TWIN BROS.JTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!'2 Don't Forget theCash-Raising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin BmClothing and Shoe Department.B Harry Simon's Old Stand,at the Court House door in the city ofParis, Kentucky, at about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., on a credit of kxtwelve and eighteen months, for equalparts of the purchase money, sell at publie aution to the highest and best bidder, the land described In said judgmenti and order or sale, or so much thereof asI will be necessary to pay plaintiffs debtand interest and co3ts, and the debt, interest and costs of the defendant, W. IIMcMillan, and the c03ts of sale, to-wit:The following described land situatedin Bourbon county, Kentucky:FIRST TRACT.Beginning at a stone in the center ofthe land at Ben Batterton's corner;! thence T 4 J 5 E 117 72 poles to a stone inthe land, corner to 'Ossian Edwards;1 thence X J4 W 1 14 04 poles to a stonecorner to Milton Rowstirrup, corner toI Ben Batterton; thence S43,- E 147.iupoles to the beginning, contain-ing 10S acres, 2 roods and 21) poles, andsame is the tract of land conve3'ed toI Win. G. Morris by Richard Kirby'sheirs by deed dated January- 10th, lhoO,and recorded in Deed Book -10, page 1 M,' Bourbon County Cou t i 'leik's oHiiro.; SECOND TRACT.Beginning at a stone in the middle ofthe pike and running S W 40. 10 polesto a corner in the middle of the old load;thence S 42 W lu poles to a corner in themiddle of the said road; thence S 2.SJW 0.44 poles to the middle of aid road:then S 032 E 1.72 poles to the middle ofsaid pike; thence with the middle ofsaid pike N A2 E 07.4 1 poles to the beginning, containing 1 acre and 14 poles,and the same conveyed to Win. G. Morris by Thomas H. "Wilson and wife bydeed dated October 10th, 18.11), in DeedBook .11, page loo, Bourbon CountyClerk's oflice.THIRD TRACT.Bpinning at a stone in the CrossRoads corner to Mori is. Keller and Current; then with the middle of the Silasroad N 45 1-4 W 69 2-K) poles N 47 1-4W 120 poles to a stake; then with tbeland N 39 1-2 E 39 3-4 poles to a stone;then N 4! E 135 8-10 poles to a stone inKirby's line and corner to Edwards;then S 45 3-4 E 170 4-10 poles to a stonein the load; then with the load the middle theieof S 47 W 50 poles 8 39 1-2 W11 2-10 poles ? 21 1-1 W 3G poles S 311-4 W 9 poles to the beginning, ontaining 193 3-4 acres, and conveyed toCaleb Mori is by Josoph Tucker andwife by deed dated November 19, lb45recorded in Deed Book 41. page 317,Bourbon County Clerk's oflice, and inherited by said Wm. G. Morris, onlychild and heir-at-law of Caleb Morris:and this tract of land, together with theabove, is the same conveyed to NannieT. Morris by H H. Peck and wife andEtta Ford and husband and others bydeeds duly recorded in Bourbon CountyClerk's oflice, and there j& in all herebyconveyed 30J acres, 2 roods and 3 polesof land.The purchaser or purchasers will berequired to execute bonds with approed surity, bearing interest at the rate ofsix per cent per annum from day of saleuntil paid, payable to the undersignedMaster Commissioner.This sale will be made to satisfy plaintiffs debt and interest, amounting on theday of sale to tbe sum of 26,557.09, andthe debt and interest of the defendant,W H. McMillan, amounting on the dayof sale to the sum of $ 500.00, and thecost of this action, including cqat ofsale, amounting to $315 92, amountingin the aggregate to the sum of $27,404.21.RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys..M. F.Kenney, Auctioneer.at 2 p. m., shaip, to the highest bidder.It is one of the best located and best Iventilated boarding houses or private Iresidences in the city, and is describedas follows: Located on High street,:fronting on Broadway and High street00 2-3 feet, and containing about threeacres of land, nouse haslC bed rooms,4, oatu room., ntrgeuininganu tearoom, jpantry, kitcnen, z porches, b rooms incellar, servant's room in yard, waterand electric light. Fruit trees and grapearbor in yard, a good cow barn withgrain bin and hay mow.room for saveialcows, good chicken range, etc.Residence is heated with a MjllerMonitor furnace, the best made. Citycars pass every thirt3T minutes.I have also adjoining this propertyone large barn fronting on Fourth streetwith room for 11 stalls, one corn bin, 2large hay mows, buggy room, large hallway, and cistern at door. This is welllocated for a warehouse or cigar factoryor any other enterpri.se.The income from this property willequal the income from a 100 acre farmin the country, with one-half the labor.This will make a desiiable and convenient home or good investment. It willbe sold without leserve to the highestbidder. Don't forget the date.Tkiims One third cash, balance inone and two years.For further information call on or address Mrs. Rachel BarlowRichmond, Ky.OrHarris & Speakes, Real EstateDealers, Paris. Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auct'r.-Paris, Ky.-9r-4-i t " "i " H "ft 4 ft 4 i "ft "ft H "ft "ft "ft "I "I 3PUBLIC SALEOFCITY PROPERTY.On account of the death of my parents, and having no one to occupy i&, I'have decided to bell my residence at public auction onTuesday, March 7th, 1911,at two o'clock, p. m., on the premises on the1 corner of Mam and Sixteenthstreets.The house contains six rooms, large hall, bath room s x 9, pantry, threepresses, porches, stone foundation, wired for electricity, water in yard, and ha3sower connection. Lot OS 1-2 x 130 feet.1 will also sell two lots, 43 x 68 1-2 feet each, on Sixteenth stree.t.The property will be otrered separately arid as a whole, and best bid accepted.This is a very desirable and convenient home, situated on the car line and in asplendid neighborhood.Ti:ioh Liberal and made known on day of sale.'For further information call on Harris & Speakes, real estate dealers.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.J. JT. 3rOKELAND.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates.We will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Ltimber M'f 'q Combany,PARIS, KY.IncorporatedYard at Office,15lh and Main Sts.es.xsavMBXBvavMxuvMNB1J To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most Remarkable, Dndurance Feat of the Season of 1910.IIiA stock car left Quebec, Canada, June, 6th, and after an uninterruted jurney of 4,128 miles,arrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.One of the first of the 1911 models to reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger 4!Suberban," won a unique distinction by theLongest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom.The motor was started December 2nd, and was run continuously, not even stopping whenthe car was at rest taking on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,974.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had placedthe figures at a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record was 10,872 miles. The run was under' theauspices of the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night.Flanders Cars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual rimning"expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent, per mile. For sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.S'i- JV. v.!' ',"-,l'., - i f r ' .., IJ.J"'-' r 511 . .-V:t' -"WW .'vfVi.'-v.' 'Vi-v jgrTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 10, 1911.T "V --3mm- " Bt i lli-JSfS--''' ,jnfORIGINALITY.and SUPERIORITYWorkmanship aro DisplayedIn Our Work.individuality distinguishes our Jlfomc-wwute from nil Olivers, while prices arere usonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by PnoumaticToo!s Our Specially.HONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jidams Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.L. dc N, TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT FEB. 2, 1910. AT 11:39 P. 2I. .Trains A-rrieio.234FROM29JOAO37i32SO263601SS3S53DS41082141Atlanta, Ga.. Daily.Lexington, Kv., DailyMavsville, Kv., Daily Except SundayCvnlhiana, Ky., Daily Except Sundayltowland, Kv., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky , Daily Except SundayCincinnati, O., DnilyMavsville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky,, Daily .Cincinnati, O., DailyLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayGyxithiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayMays villa, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky.. DailyKnoxvillo, Tenn.. DailyMaysville, Ky. , DailyCincinnati, O , Daily Except SundayLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., DailyJacksonville, Fla., DailyLexington, Ky., DailyCincinnati, O., Daily..5 26..3.23..7.28..7.25..7.55.8.12..9.40.10.05.10.05.10.10.11.50..3.10..3.153 00Trains De-part.j.it..3.23. .5.40..5.40..6.29..6 25..6 27.10.27.10:40amamamamamamamam jam ,amampmpmpmpmpmpmamurnpmpmpmSTo.344114010293733133626253S9393213S303131p TOCincinnati. O., DailyMavsville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .SundayCincinnati, O., Daily Except SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., DailyKnoxville, Tenn., DailyJacksonville, Fla., DailyLexington, Ky., DailyMaysville, K., DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCincinnati, O., DailyRowland, Kv., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky.. Daily Except SundayCincinnati, O., DailyLexington, Ky., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.Lexington, K., Daily.Atlanta, Ga., Daily.. .5.3li am.5.35 am. .7.35 am.7.35 am.8.20 am.8.20 am..9.44 am..9.46 am,10.15 am.10. IS am,11.52 am11.31 ,am.3.30 pm.3.35 pm, .5.48 pm..5.50 pm.6.32 pm, .6.35 pm..6.33 pm.6.43 pm.10.48 pm.10.50 pmSHOCKED THE GUIDE.Antics cf an Irreverent Visitor sfi theNational Capitol.A big man with a fierce, bristlinggray beard and wearing a broad brimmed slouch hat marched down themain corridor of the capitol, closelyfollowed by a guide at a dogtrotThey had insrocted statuary hall andthe rotunda and looked in at the chamber of the supreme court, and the visitor had made no other comment onthe sights shown him than to utter auoccasional grunt, snort or growl.The big man paused at the end ofthe corridor and jerked his head toward a carpeted passage."What's them burglars doing today?" he demanded."The senate is not in session, sir,"said the guide in a shocked voice.After the visitor had departed theguide sat down on" his chair in front ofthe statue of Daniel Webster andmopped his heatSd brow."That's one kind that comer, here,"he said. "We have all kinds, but hisstyle is the hardest to deal with.Called the senate burglars you heardhim and he kicked at everything elseI showed him. That kind comes prepared to kick. They ain't got no patriotism at all, and a United Statessenator ain't no more to them than adoorkeeper. Why, I'm afraid to takemen like lum into the supreme court.Likely as not they'll saj' somethingdisrespectful right out loud. Do youknow what that one said when I showed him statuary hall? lie says, 'Whoare all these crooks?' Then he wantedto 'know how much all them statuescost the government and who got therakcoff. I told him they were givenby the states, and he said that wasonce when the states put one over."You wouldn't think," said the guide,with a sigh, "that patriotic Americanscould come here and bo so callousabout the things they see. They seem'to begrudge giving a dollar to be shownthe place where Webster stood whenho made his reply to llayno. I don'tknow what the country's coming to.I've been a guide here twenty years,but I ni'ver thought I'd live to hearthe senate called burglars." Washington Cor. Kansas City Star.HIS C!RL FRIENDS,Mark Twain Dearly Loved Children as Playmates,THE ANGEL FISH SOCIETY.LIGHTNING VERSUS STEAM.JF.dbGm m jA Delightful and Touching Story AboutLittle Margaret, One of Its Members,and the Genial Humorist A PrettyCompact and a Quaint Letter.Like many another great man, MarkTwain was fond of children. lie neveroutgrew childhood, and he alwayschose young playmates where theywe're to be found. lie formed curioussocieties of these girl friends. Backin the nineties, when he was living inEurope, he created a club which wasto consist of one (only one) girl in eachcountry of the globe, the duty of saidmember being to write occasionally tothe chief otBccr, who faithfully repliedto these random and far faring messages. Of course these little girls woreswept into womanhood presently, butoven to the last years of his life themember -who signed herself "France"remainod faithful to the law.Another club of girls, little girls, became one of the chief interests duringhis final years. It had its beginningin Bermuda during one of his frequentvisits to those happy islands. It wascalled the Angel Tish club, after agorgeous swimmer of those water;, andhe gave to each member an angel fishpin as a society badge. It was a successful club, and on his return toAmerica he elected other members,enough to make twelve in all.His home at Redding, Conn.. Storm-field, had been originally named In-Jnoconce at Home, and as Angel Fish 'headquarters Innocence at Home italways remained. Members with their Iparents visited him there, and tho billiard room, where the "fisho." werelikely to spend moit of their timeknocking the balls about, under thechief member's instruction, was calledthe Aquarium, and gay prints ofmany Bermuda fishes were hung along Jthe walls to carry out the idea. Eachmember had the privilege of selectingone of these as her patron fish and ofidentifying it with her name.JtVas in Bermuda one day when hewas walking along the beach with oneof his angel fish members that ho picked up a small iridescent double shell,delicately hinired together. lie separated it and handed his companion half. ("You will be going away from me .pretty soon. Margaret," ho ?.ud. "and,growing up, and I won't know youany more. I shall see a great manyMargarets, and now and then one of 'the mystery had been cleared up. All them will say she is my Margaret, butthat night and all Sunday a force of will say, 4Xo: you resemble my Mar-lmen were busy; money was surely pa ret. but you arc bigger tha'n mygone from the vaults, but no one could , Margaret, and I can't be sure.' Then I Idiscover whence. will take out this shell and I will siJ.On the following morning a clerk I 'if you are really my Margaret you jsuggested that the mistake might have i will have the other half of this shell, ioccurred in packing for the West In-1 :ind it will fit exactly.' Then if shedies some boxes of specie that had j ms u,e SVJ :nn it fits I shall know Jbeen sent to Southampton for ship-, (, jt js really my Margaret, no mat-,menr. Ills chief acted on the sugges-j tlM. i,ow many years have gom ly or'tion. Here was an opportunity to test , j,ow mucu older she has grovn." I"Birds of a FeatherFlock Together."Cold Weather andCoal WeatherCome Together,WE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS, -SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing.TEMP LIN LUMBER CO.And people flock hereFor good.coal.SlttXXXXSXXWeSTOVES; Still Selling the Same Line Xone Better Thanlleaim Range'And CertainlyNone Cheaper.Testing the Telegraph In the EarlyDays of Its Invention.Years :igo, "when the electric telegraph "was :i new idea and a mystery Ito the masses, there came trouble oneSaturday night in the Bank of England. The business of the d-:y had iclosed and the balance was not right. !There wis a deficit of just 100. It was 'not the money, but the error, that jmust be found. For the officers and .the clerks there could be no sleep untilSee us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky.V cqI-0 I "V 11DaiawinIX EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.TrairLS ArriveSTo FROM2 Frankfort, Kv., Daily Except Sunda .,8-n'54 Frankfort, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday.. -0 pmZS Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .6.22 pmMl! Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10. 10 pmTrains IDepsirtTOlfil"Frankfort:& Louisville, Sunday Only. 7.00 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday -3o am1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday O.Jo jm3 F ankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday o.w amEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both .local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon Count' Exchanges atParis, Millersburg1 North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."Vheir-you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone1 CokfCORPORATED,MMlBiHMHHHHMHHHBMKite BWCK INNERUN HKKES, InnrtUn. outlast six ordinary mantle. WiU ve 75fc oa your rnntlc expense. TWO COMPLE1GAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE, 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covers iron izewxVy-bl-iy Mantles the best 10 and 15-cent grade of mantles sold take them to your dealer,scad them to us, and get a Block: lnaerua Ljaed mamte iree.FaafcHdwe.OaPfaK.rHf.CUcefy.JDpaitaectStoTei. Dsalciwrite far mmr Dcritrre Ckcalar aad New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO., $&.) Yoimgtown,Qhithe powers of the telegraphlightningagainst steam, and steam with fortyeight hours the start. Very soon thetelegraph asked a man in Southampton, "Has the ship Mcrcator sailed?"The answer came back, "Just weighing anchor."'Slop her in the queen's name,"flashed back the telegraph. "She isstopped," was returned...- -. . ... . , i- i"iiave on uccic certain uoxes imarKs oV0 j101. ouctx.given), weigh them carefully and let ne got no furti,erme know the result," telegraphed the promntlv proclucedchief.Tin's order was obeyed, and one boxwas found to bo somewhere about onepound and ten ounces heavier than itsmates just the weight of the missingsovereigns. "All right. Let the shipgo!" was the next order.The "West India house was debitedwith the 100 and the Dank of England was at peace again. Harper'sWeekly.. All this he said very gravely and ;I earnestly, and the little girl took theshell thoughtfully and promised toi keep it always. Next morning when j1 she came running up to meet him on jj the hotel veranda he looKe 1 at herqucstioningly."You look like Margaret," he said,I "but I can't be sure. If you are reallyJ my Margaret you will have a shell Ithe mate t i,,; one"The t.i . m waspromntlv produced, ami it htteu exactly, lie returned to America, andsomewhat later Margaret received aletter one of the pretty letters he wasalways writing to children. In it hesaid:Hallucinations of Henbane.Ilonbanc bears a remarkable reputation for creating the most extraordinary hallucinations. Dr. Iloulton relates that some monks who ate theroos by mistake for parsnips transformed their monastery into a lunatica&ylum. One monk rang the bell formatins at midnight, and of those ofthe community who attended somecould not read, others "fancied theletters were running about like ants,"and some read what was not in theirbooks. Even the exhalations fromthese pretty but very poisonous flowers produce these weird effects. Westminster Gazette.Packing Co"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.1The Adoration of the Wig.Wigs were never so popular as in thereign of Charles II. The author of"The Beaux and the Dandies" tellsus that "when Cibbcr plaj-ed Sir Fopling Flutter his wig was so much admired that he had it carried to thefootlights every evening in a sedanchair, from which it was handed tohim that he might put it on his head."Placing the Blame.Judge (to burglar on trial) Haveyou anything to say, prisoner? BurglarYes, your honor. I was only actin' on me doctor's advice to take somethin' afore goin' tor bed. BostonTranscript.Trouble In the Air.Ilusband You don't go shoppingwith Mrs. Nearby any more? WifeNo. The last time we went she wanted a remnant that I wanted. Judge.It's faith in something and enthusiasm in something that make life worthlonkinr at O. W. Holmes. , .... .I am always making mistakes. WhenI was in New York six weeks ago I wason a. corner of Fifth avenue and saw asmall girl not a bis one start acrossfiom the opposite corner, and I exclaimed to myself joyfully. "That is certainlymy Margaret," so I rushed to meet her.But as she came nearer I began to doubtand said to myself, "It's a Margaret, thatis plain enough, but I'm half afraid it issomebody else's." So when 1 passed herI held my shell so she couldn't help butsee it. Dear, she only glanced at it and ipassed on. I wondered if she could have ioverlooked it. It seemed best to find out.so J turned and followed and caught upwith her and said deferentially, "Dearmiss, I already know your first name bythe look of you, but would you mindtelling mo your other one?" Sho wasvexed and said, pretty sharply: "It'sDouglas, if you're so anxious to know. Iknow your name by your looks, and I'dadvlse you to shut yourself up with penand ink and v i ite some more rubbish. Iam suipiised that they allow you to runat large. You are likely to get run overby a baby carriage any time. Run alongnow and don't let the cows bite you."What an idea! There aren't any cowson Fifth avenue. But I didn't smile. Ididn't let oi to perceive how unculturedsho was. She was fiom the country, ofcourse, and didn't know what a comicalblunder she was making.Margaret, with her mother, calledwhen they returned to America. "Whenthe cards were brought to him he looked at hers and said:"Well, the young lady, her nameseems familiar, but 1 can't be sure it'smy Margaret without a certain tokenwhich she is supposed to carry as aproof." The shell came up withoutdelay. lie took the two halves now toa jeweler and had them set in gold ascharms. One of these Margaret woreon a ribbon about her neck, and theother he linked to his watch chain,where it remaiued till he died. Whata sweet fancy it all was!He spent the last months of his lifein Bermuda in the home of one of hisangel fish, Helen Allen, daughter ofthe American vice consul there. Shewas his daily companion, and it willbeefier lifelong happy memory thatsho brightened and comforted his finalTays. Albert Bigelow Paine in Ladies'World.IiI BaldwinPackingOo.For sale by alland'dealers.Jfirst-class grocersiParis, Kentucky.Have You Tried It?There is a bottle of Cardui waiting for you at thedrug store. Have you tried it?If not, we urge you to do so, before your troubleshave obtained such a hold on you, that nothing will drivethem outEven now, it may be nearly too late. But try it anyhow. If anything can help you, Cardui will. It has helpedin thousands of cases, where other medicines had beentried in vain. Why should it not do the same for you?2r CARDUIJ45The Woman's Tonic"My daughter, Octava, would have been in her gravetoday, had it not been for that fine medicine, Cardui,"writes Mrs Laura Lawrence, of Drennon Springs, Ky."Nothing I tried helped my daughter, until she hadtaken Cardui. I had sent" for the doctor, when I thoughtof your medicine and got a $1 bottle. When she hadtaken four doses she became all right I often recommendCardui to my friends."Your druggist sells Cardui with full instructions for usekon the bottle.Writ 19:' Ladies' AMwr Dept, OuttMMta KMtiat Cfc.tHrWiTeaoiiiiI""JfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 10, 191rrMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. 'Jop Williams, who is amongthe sick is improving.Mr. E. M. Neal and Mrs. ElizabethDodspn continue about the same.Mr. P. F. Hurst was in Montgomeryon business Tuesday and Wednesday.Mr. G. W. Judy, of Lexington, washere on business Monday and Tuesduj.Mr. Paul Heflin, of Fleminsburp,was the guest Monday of Mr. W. F.Sanders.Mr. and Mrs. Ennis Rots.of Carlisle,were guests Monday of Mr. and Mrs.j3. M. Ingles.Mr. James Weaver, of Maysville,was the guest Monday of Mr. and Mrs.Aaron McGonnell.Captain Guy M. Russell of the M.M. I., was made an apprentice Masonof Amity Lodge JS'o. 40 Tuesday nipht.The lodge was well represented. Thework was done by W. V. Shaw, W. M.We want news for the BourbonNews. We want it fresh. Those having news items for publication willplease call me Home phone S2 or leavesame at postoffice or Bourbon HomeTelephone Exchange.R. M. TALUWELL, Correspondent.Mr. Aar;n McConnell is gaining a' decided reputation as an cculist. Hisbusiness along this line is improvingevery day and he has demonstrated tothose to whom he has fitted that he isin every way qualified to do the work.He also has ..the necessary appliancesrCHARLES W,Garriago and Repair shodTwentyV.BAN C33G Main Street, Paris, Ky.IIS H OIiH' Special This WeekPumps and Oxfords, genuine hand-turned, in Suede, Velvet andGun Metal. Other storesAt our store they go atDAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - , Paris, Kentucky- AT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNfor testing and has had in the past fewweeks patients from Maysville, Mt.Olivet and other neighboring towns.If you arc needing work of this kindgive him a call. Can always be foundat his jewelry store on Fifth street.All daily papers can be secured hereafter in the jewelry store of Mr. AaronMcConnell. Don't fail to call therewhen you want a daily paper, Saturday Evening Post or Ladies HomeJournal.3 4t R. M. CALDWELL. Agent.Mr. Hubert Orme and Miss BcttieWoods were united in marriage Wednesday afternoon at the home of thebrine's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J amesWoods, and went to housekeeping atonce in the property of Mis. AmandaMastin. recently vacated by Mr. Dennis McMahan and family. Mr. Ormeuntil now has resided in the RddlesMills neighborhood. It is his secondmatrimonial venture.Mr. H. Hall, who has resided on thefarm of H r. J. F. Bsrbee for the pastyear, moved this week with his familyto Portsinoth, 0. Mr. Hall came hereabout a year ago, for the purpose ofgrowing tobacco. He was drawn toKentucky from the Buckeye State onaccount of the extravagantly highprices of the weed. When the pooli was dissolved last fall he like manyJ others refused 123 cents for his tobacco. About twf weeks ago he sold it1 on the loose leaf.market at Lexingtonfor 7 cents.' Prof. Hannibal Wililams, the noted, Shakespearian reader.will give a read: ir.g this evening at the M. F. C.SUCCESSORS TOM0L.LIBAY & 5ETTLInvites the Public Patronage.- five years experience in the business.BOWALKL-OVERE.S CzPzsZySG-M M -J- il WBEST BY TESTThe reason the public demands"Wafk0ver" Shoesis because they have testedthem and found them Comfortable, Correct in Style, Fitand Wear.Spring Shoes and Oxfordsare no arriving.Why not try a pair?sell the same at $2,50 tochapel under the auspices of theShakespearien Club of the college.Prof. Williams comes highly recommended and is said to be one of thethree best readers of Shakespeare inthe United States. This is a raretrea and all lovers of the art shouldtake advantage of it. The club hasbeen put to heavy expense to securehis services in order that the "publicmight be entertained and defied. Exercises will begin at eight o'clock.Admission 35 cent!.Mr Robert McClintock was in Maysville on business Thursday.Dr W. II. Huffman was in Cynthi-'ana on business yesterdayMr. II. M. Campbell spent Sundaywith lady friends at Poplar Plains.Mrs. Nannie Porter, of Midway, arrived Wednesday to be at the bedsideof her brother, Mr. E. M. Neal.For the next several weeks Millersburg will be quite gay, beginningwith this evening when J. HannibalWilliams, the Shakespearean reader,will appear at the M F. C. chapel.March 17 and 24 there will be a recitalat the chapf-1 ; March 31, the annualSenior and Junior reception at M. F.C. ; Friday. April 7, "Ogling Owls"i t the opera house under the auspiciesof the Masonic Lodge ; Friday, April14, juvenile entertainment at the M.F. C. chapel, under the managementof Miss Sallie Mclntyre.Millersburg is beset with owls.Their shrieks can be heard threetimes a week. Many of the sleepersof the town are disturbed by them.1H;ocsxMEM-iSSlMfTSSS$3.00. 4 -4 CfcCfc2z2Paris, Ky., 1asJ iThe good people of the communitywill band themselves together on theevening of April 7 for the purpose ofexteminating these owls if possible.If you belong to the good people ofMilleisburg you will join the popularmovement. The owls must be exterminated and it will take numbers todo it. Don't forget the date.Mayor W. D. Waddell received atelegram Tuesday morning from hisbrother, Mr. George ,. Waddell. of Atlanta, Ga., saying that he was married on Monday tto Miss Fannie L.Pettibone, of the same city, and thata letter with particulars would followlator. A letter was received Tuesdaynight saying they would spend a fewdays in Nashville and thence to Louisville for a bripf visit. The family havewritten to him at Lcuisville urginghim to come home with his bride for afew days. Mr. Waddell is one of Gurold Millerbsurg boys of who we arejustly proud. IL is connected withthe Puffer Manufacturing Company,of Boston, Mass., and for the pastseveral years has had charge of theirsouthern business, making headquarters at Atlanta, Ga. He is a typical Kentucky gentleman with sterlingbusiness qualities. His services having been i invaluable to his companyand he is one of the few wbig salariedmen. Miss Petcibone is one of thepopular and accomplished young ladiesof her city and all Millet sbuig friendsextend congratulations.Yrceland Likely to Win Tomorrow.The c State Board of Agriculture.Forestry and Immigration has beencalled to meet in Louisville Saturday,March 11, and it is expected that asecretary of the State Fair will beelected to succeed J. W. Newman.Perry Shy, secretary of the Agriculture Board, stated lu - lay that hewas not a candidate ioi c .e secretaryship, as has been repoit and neitherwas Fred Blackburn, of . . tnton, whois a member of the boaro.Unless all signs fail Hubert Vereland, former Commission! of Agriculture, will land tho secret-., -iip, andhis friends on the board predict thathe will be elected at the meeting onSaiurday.Exodus from Pulaski.During the past week over twentyfive farmers from Pulaski have leftfor Western States to locate. Thereis hardly a day but what people fromthis county go West, and till the census shows htat Pualski cou;ty fainedover 5,000 in the last ten years. Poorroads is attributed to be the cause cf-o many farmers seeking c.t'rr locations. Clip Your Own Horses.Buy a Stewart Horse ClippingMachine and clip your own horses andsave money, we have them. We alsosharpen the knives usad in the machine. 3 4t L A V I N & CONN L L L.CLIKT0NVILLE ITEMS.Services at the Clintonville Christian church next Lord's day, March 12,hy A.Sanders, pastor, as follows: 11a. jpc., subject. "Not the Gift But thegiver God Reverences;'7 7 p. m., subject, "The Law of Parriun;" Bibleschool 10 a.m. ; song and prayer services 6:30 p. m. Loyal Classes meetat the parsonage Saturday at 7 p. m.Sunday, March 10, at 11 a. m., tre'sermon will be for the children. Everymother and child in the neighborhoodis invited to be present, and all themen. married or single, arc especiallyinvited.Sue Etia Foals Bay filly.Sue 'Etta, fthe dam of Dorcas II.,2:06, has foaled a handsome bay fillyby Locanda, 2:02, fat the MaplehurstStock Farm, near this city. Sue Ettais owned by Dr. W. C. Ussery, of thiscity. A number of good mares havebeen booked 10 tho noted stallion.Henry Schulback, of Wheeling, W.Va. sends Eyelette, 2:06; Pearl Shilling, of Ashland, Ky., sands MaggieM. and George Hunt, of the sameplace, Lady Oakland. AndersonBraum, of Georgelcvn, has sevenhigh class marcs at the Maplenurstfarm to be bred to the son of Allertun.According to Mr. Bacon 'ho is receiving good repotrs form all the Locandasthat have been worked.Wins Leniency of Police Judge.A dispatch from Cincinnati says:"Miss Myrtle Wat kins, a young girlfrom Cynlhiana, Ky., won the leniency of the Police Court in Cincinnatitoday by her tears and her requestthat she ba allowed by Judge Bode totake her child to her Kentucky hometo live. The child was abrndoned bythe mother when she was dischargedfrom a hospital in Cincinnati.She returned here last week and toldthe court officials that she had meantto return for the babe. Today shestood before Judge Bode and told himthat the child's father had promised tomarry her and care for her as soon ashe could find work. The judge tookcompassion upon her and took the caseunder advisement until March 13. Inthe meantime he will have a letterwritten to Cynthiana to learn if thefather really intends to marry her."Operator Fired Upon.Eleven shots were fired through thewindows of the King's Mountain station on the Q. & C. railway midnightTuesday at the the telegraph operator,F". A- Ross, but none of the bulletsstruck the intended victim.The shattered glass was driven intohis face, however, and seeral seriouswounds inflicted. Thomas Brackett, ayoung white man, was arrested by aspecial officer from Danville and wasplaced in the jail at Stanford to awaittrial charged with the crime.This is the third time this sort ofcrime has occurred at the King'sMountain station, the operators beingkilled in both other cases. Three yearsago Harold Vandiver was shot andkilled while on duty in the station.Eighteen months ago Matthew Engltman was shot to death at the sameplace. Detectives' innumerable havetried in vain to trace hia murderer andno arrests have ever been made.ROYALBaking PowderEconomyThe manufacturers of Royal Baking Powder have always declinedto produce a cheap baking powderat the sacrifice of quality,0Royal Baking Powder is made frompure grape cream of tartar, and isthe embodiment of all the excellencepossible to be attained in the highest' class baking powderRoyal Baking Powder costs only afair price, and is more economicalat its price than any other leavening: aagent, becauseIquality and absolute whoiescmenessof the food it makes,Mixtures made in imitation of baking powders, but containing alum,are frequently distributed from door to door, or given away in grocerystores. Such mixtures are dangerous to use in food. In England,France, Germany and some sections of the United States their sale isprohibited by law. Alum is a dangerous mineral acid, and allphysicians condemn baking powders containing it.Tho SaEseS of asgsm bskiesg! -povydsrs snzisiRE&B THE LABELp.&SS322Bootlegger Fined.Jack Dcrsey, a negro of Gecrge-Ito.vn, mubt pay a fine l1 Sll0 andssrvo a sentence of forty dajs in jailfor "buotlagKing." For a while atterthe;local option law went into effect inGeorgetown it was a common sight tosee negroes get off the Lexington inferutban cars win suit cases nlled withliquor. (Great Army is Mobilizing.An army of approximately 20.000 jmen. renresaninir all branches cf the'service, is moboiizing along the Mexi-can borders of the United States. It Jis oflicially staled, and the Adminis-1tration made special efforts to subatan-tiate the statement, that the sole purpose of this unusual mobilization wasto conduct maneurers on a grand scale!for the training of officers and men. JtnOur Line ofver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.The "House of Quality" only car- Iriesthe very best in Solid Silver Ifrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,Both Phones. Mm MHisaH sow trmmmmmm mmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmINCREASED DEMANDIs assured by the unusual sale of cars at the Spring Auto Showsthroughout the country. Pleasant work, under agreeable employers,with chances to travel. Chauffeurs earn from 160 to 1.25 or more, amonth. Our next five weeks auto course finishes about the time springauto orders are filled. Write for folder,Y. M. C. A. AUTOMOBILE SCHOOL,Iof the superlative jESaSSomerset in Fourth Class.At Somerset Circuit Judge BethErum derided that Somerset was a cit7of the fourth class and that the Lesislature wrongfully transferred theplace to a city of the third class. Thecase is the first one of its kind to bedecided in the State and will have afar-reaching effect as Middlesboro wasnut in the third class at the sametime, and the conditions are said to bethe same in both cities.Refuse Mail irom Negro Carrier.Half the farmers living along therural free delivery lines of mail out cfCaynevsille, Kan., have pulled downtheir mail boxes and refused to accepttheir mail from a negro carrier recently appointed. anSterling SilFOR AUTO DRIVERS663 Walnut Ltreet, Cincinnati, O.vjA ' j . ,v. A