i-i: .j- "" " r - - - r-r - , -VS , - ' .WTHE BOURBON NEWS.M- . VAAtfrfc..ZPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1911.NUMBER 35'fInsure with W. O.Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfi6d bweetifAttractive CineOF' -tLadiesANDv 4Genuine'gRed Bermuda,Southern Queen, jOrder Quick, as They WillNot Last Long.Aft'3KIMi JW,8l"ajH I RSSS3BHLJiChildren'sParasolsShetland lSell$All ColorsA. 1. GADEN,210 W. Main,Lexington, Kentuckyn-.m UU HO -1111 III! 111!' we119Wi'ab:;vj v r va ' " "rf' ?' vf " v- w -.''FGHE"ER, TTPtww$ DON'T WORRY! IM The hard times and high prices are over. Buy from JKus and you v"(H spend less and eat more than you ffiWtototocould a year ago.Standard Granulated Sugar, 19 pounds $1.00Pure Hog- Lard, per pound 12White Bacon, per pound 10Country Bacon; ner pounds --:: rctkim -Sliced English" CureS Bacon, per pourfd 20Sliced Breakfast Bacon, per pound 24Small Hams, per pound 12 1-2Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch. 3 boxes 103-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25California Table Peaches, 2 cans 35Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Navy Beans, 3 quarts 25Prunes, per pond 10Fancy Apricots, evaporated, per pound 15Rolled Oats, 2 boxes 15New York Cream Cheese, per pound 20Standard Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55ISItotototototototototofThe Grocery Store of Quality.totottfwr.- j.r. . . . . . . atT. C. LEN1HAN, Prop,Both Phones 234 ,tX- -v: "ggx$ mmiw&w&The "Secret Service" ofjf"JkyijfrtJJ Suitvx,4Xfi&-Km?rrT7cEighty-five per cent, of the style of a gar- sfepgfcment is contributed by the tailoring-fifteenper cent, comes from the designing.FACT!-emiv1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.4 Lineh canvas stays, coldvater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.G All silk stitching allthrough. -7 Buttons shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps."8 Edging silk st titchedbyhand.0 Every tailor a 'benchbred" custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines, noB? Opening o! Blue Grass League."All off for Maysville!" That'sthe cry going the rounds thiB morning.It is being-caught up by fan aftsr fanand heralded throughout the city.Many ardent admirers of the manlysport will accompany the Paris teamI to the Mason county capital today toI witness the opening game of the sea-' son between the Wharf Rats and theBourbonites.For several days word has been passed around that there would be an excursion from this city to Maysville toIcive the Paris following an oppcrtuni-i j ty to witness the opener. Last nightj it appeared that most every fan inParis who could possibly arrange to do' so had signified his intention of slip1 ping over to the Mason town with McKcrnan and his men.'ihe largest crowd from Paris to at-tend an opening game since the cityhas been in the circuit is expected to' turn out and back up the home ooys inthe first struggle of the season of 1911.Conservative estimates of thnse whohave been around among the boysfigure at from two hundred and fiftyand three hundred who will journey tothe village on the banks of the Ohiotodsy.Everything, barring the possibilitiesof a change in the plans of the weather man, points to a gala day. TheParis club and the big crowd of rooters, like a real sporty set, are going todo the thing up about right by takingalong with them a brass band of fourteen pieces, and will shake Maysvillefrom limits to center when they hitthe ourg.Mavsville, too, looking upon the occasion as being one of the greatest inthe base ball history of the town sincethe days of '94 ana '95 when a clubmade up of such material as Leevpr,Tannehill, McGann and others who inlater years came into big leagueprominence, has declared a half-holiday.Every business house and factory in the town will close for theafternoon. "It is given out in tnat citythat 2,000 people will throng the parkwhen McKernan's and Mackey's menline up against each other this afternoon. President W. C. Ussery, of this city,is scheduled to deliver an address whenMayor J.jWesley Lee will hurl a brightshiny lock across the plate as theopening gun of the season.The excursion from Paris to Maysville will leave here at 11 o'clock a.m. and is due to arrive in that cityabout 1 o'clock. A mammoth paradewill form at the Central Hotel at 1 :JJ0o'clock and march through the principal streets of the town. The paradewfll be headed by the Paris band.With Paris having even a strongerteam to begin the season than in thetwo prGV;na yeara it ha b?pn included in the league circuit, and in whichboth openers were dropped to opposingclubs, coupled with the ancient adage,"the third time is the charm," ourboys should adminster a drubbing tothe Mason nine this afternoon.The infield will represent a veritablewall of strength. Kuhlman, the cleverlittle third-sacker, will hold that position in the opening contest while McKernan and the grand old "Pop"Barnett will cover second and firstrespectively. At the shortfield will befound one of the fastest little ballplayers that ever graceda minorleague club Danny Harrell, erstwhileLawmaker will wear a Paris uniformand cover short.Mayer, who McKernan and the knowing ones regard as a big league possibility will don a windpad and presidebehind the bat. In the outer gardensare three men who can equal any alongthe circuit. Goodman, of the pennantwinning aggregation last year, will bein right. Joe Rapp, the Cincinnatiboy, will occupy Kaiser's position andMcKelvey, secured from Minneapolis,will scamper over the left field.Who will do the twirling for Paris inthe opener has not been fully decidedupon, but Shears is regarded as beingthe one to deliver the goods this afternoon. McKernan has also in mindMaxwell, Schrauder and Hauser, whomight be. pitted against the Mackeymen, the latter being next to Shearsin choice, for his marked ability,demonstration of complete control andone of the most promising youngstersthat has ever bruKen into minor leaguebase ball.The Paris aggregation will remainin Maysville to complete the series ofthree games, returning home Fridayto open the season in this city with theAll along the line base ball fans willtake advantage of the base ball special and will journey to Maysville.Word came from Millersburg that alarge delegation from that place willgo down, while Carlisle is expected tosend a number.Baby Embroideries.New and beautiful wash goods andMISS JESSIE BROWN.r"We Know How."A Few Words to The Mian With AnAUTOMOBILEHave you given your clothes a thought, or have youspent all your time thinking about your machine? Youdon't want toloqk cheap with an old auto duster on andyour old cap from last Summer. Well, let Mitchell &Blakemore tell you what you need. In our line "of autodusters you can buy one from $1.50 to 10, made withauto collars, 52 inches long, either single or double breasted, with wind shield in the sleeves. Auto gloves blacks,tans and grays, SI to $5. Auto caps and hats with ventilated crowns, 75 cents to 82. Get busy and buy yourtogs: then for those joy rides in the machine.vCtftTJEMnS.'SIMA.Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfiiers-to-Men.&mmastTiiritiMniiniUiniiinmiVMiniiniiiiitiiiniiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiitfiiiiitirittHiiiHriiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiHtiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiTtiria Sk5 .......... w..........m.lrKAINK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.c!if$14.95UTS$14.95Another lot of just thirty-seven suits sent us' by a largemanufacturer at big price reductions. For suits that arereal bargains this last lot beats anything we've everoffered to the buyers of ladies' ready-to-wear suits$25 to $20 SuiteSpecial at$14-95i$skimping or schamping.When you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the "air" and the wear that come from thefinest materials procurably right through and time-takinghand tailoring all through 18 to $32 50,&SSlaces.5 2tThe Rexall Store.Wo have the exclusive agency inFaris for the famous Rexall Remedies.VARDLN &SON.$17.95 Suits $17.95Just twelve of the very choicest suits. Colors fine". Workmanship and styles can't be surpassed at any price.$35 to $27.50 Suits 4 0 fSpecial at...S1C3t3Sv&&Extra Special10 beautifully trimmed Pongee Coats worth regularly $20.00Special at $4.S5Price & Co.,Clothiers.Revival Continues.The revival in progress at the Christian churoh continues to increase ininterest and Hundreds, regardless ofreligioua affiliation attend nightly tohere the preaching of Elder PeterAinslee, who 13 conducting the meeting. Sunday morning and night ElderAinslee preached to two of the largestaudiences that have ever assembled inthe church. His sermons are full ofinterest and .impart many brilliantthoughts. As a speaker Elder Ainsleecompares with the very best and hisdiscourses are all absorbing.One of the features of the revival,which is to continue the remainder ofthe week is the singing of the excellent choir under the direction of thechoirmaster, Prof. A. H. Morehead.S.95 - Ladies' Fine Slippers - $2.95Satin, Velvet, Suede, Gun Metal j and?Patent Leather in Pumps, 1and 2 strap Slippers, our price for high grades, only $2.95.Come in and take a look Will show you. values that will please.Frank & Co..kt.tt Itft t"l Wttfeff4VffilifuBjflIHlHtHlMHMWWllHffllimMI ImmiMuiuiiOffliilSlfiJi!KSK!fill8S9ttS0a. ttm:i($$$&i atsi wIZAv.i wmmmmmmmgmS AifKTPH 9m& WTwa.Tlte BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 9, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STEEET.Fortune Tellingmmmmm) iiDoes not take into consideration the one essential to woman's happiness womanly health.The woman who neglects her health is neglecting thevery foundation of all good fortune. For without healthlove loses its lustre and gold is but dross.Womanly health when lost or impaired may generally beregained by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.This Prescription has, for over UO years,been curing delicate, weak, pain-wrackedwomen, by the hundreds of thousandsand this too in the privacy of their homeswithout their having to submit to indeli'cate questHonin&s and offensively repufrnant examinations,cm, nrnman i tnvitoH tn rnnsiilf Dr. Pierce hv letter free.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationThey last a lifetime. They're Fireproof StormproofInexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurther detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue';reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rateB for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.All correspondence held as sacredly confidential. Address World s DispensaryMedical Association, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Great Family Doctor Book, The People's Common SenseMedical Adviser, newly revised np-to-date edition 1000 pages, answers InPlain English hosts of delicate questions which everj'woman, single or married,ought to know about. Sent free, in plain wrapper to anyaddrcss on receipt of21 one-cent stamps to cover mailing only, or in cloth binding for 31 stamps.iuPUBLIC SALEONE YEAR,&2.00 SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00.OF...Desirable City Property.I will sell on tho premises to the highest bidders onTHURSDAY, MAY IS, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m.. the following described property: Two modern brick cottages, one situated corner High and Thirteenth streets, Paris, Ky., the otheradjoining, and each containing five rooms, hall, pantry, bath and two porches.These are new, well buiit houses with slate roofs and are handsomely finished,newly papered, and fitted with hot and cold water, gas, electric light and chandeliers. Lots have shade trees and concrete walks and are 33x100 feet, extendingto a 9'A foot alley . ,,.,..,,,These are well located and beautiful homes in a splendid neighborhood, , onthe interurban line and convenient to churches and schools and would readilyTent for $25 per month.At the same time 1 will sell a vacant buildmg lot. situated corner Main andThirteenth Streets, Paris, Ky. This lot is 33x106 feet to a 9'i foot alley andwill be sold for residential purposes only.TERMS. One-third cash, balance in one and two years, with notes bearinginterest at 6 per cent and a iien retained until paid.G. W- W3LDERGEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information apply to Harris & Speakes, Real Estate Dealers,Pans, Ky.Chester Park Opened May 7.Cincinnati's mostresort 5 opened itsKentucky Asylums are Crowded.Chester Park. Cincinnati s most The records of the Beard of Contrulpopular summer resort; opened its 0f Kentucky's charitable institutionssates to the public last faunday, May show that the averape number of pa-7. which was designated Inspection tients confined in the three asylumsday. Vast and extensive improvements for the insane during the month ofhave taken place at Chester the past March this voar was 3.705. Of thiswinter and the park contains more number 1,453 are confined in the Lake!amusements of a varied character than janci asylum, near Louisville, l.OGO in Iany like resort. From the front en-1 the Eastern asylum at Lexington and itrance to the rear gate Chester has 1199 ;n the Western nsvlum at. Hon-1undergone a transformation, so that kinsville.even the most frequent patrons will j All the asylums are crowded and ithardly recognize the place Chief js difficult to find room for a new paamong the new attractions and one( tient till one of the old ones is disthat will command the most mterpst is charged as cured. It is expected thatthe Cities Beautiful, showing the pnn- the next Legislature will h asked tocipal metroplises of the world, by ' provide for addtiional bui' "ngs at twowater route, during some event of in-1 0f the asvlums, and the b -d of Conternational interest. The reviewing ; trol will likely rezommenn n-it a sepaof the German troops near Berlin, by irate institution be established forEmperor William, is vividly shown, , enilenticsvery rw ot the epileptic"' are crazyGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMS.JBOTHTHOXES DAY137;2aGHT 299.EjSSeasS3'SSSsS2S9J222e!.QWere youI last Coal.dissatisfied withyourTryaBV$K ORIGJNALETYWMg5rmi andwr. rea.son.ib!6vNCNE BETTER.SUPERSOR8TYEn Workmanship aro Displayodin Our Work.An individualitri iVbliutmirftrs our Jlfomi-ments from all olive iv. while prices are"Whv, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-date productions? Our stock of ner and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Ccntiv-l Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Cpccia!:y.NCKE CrIEAPCaalso Count Zeppelin s air ship in perfect flight. A bathing scene at Ostend, with the celebrated diving girls,is also among the cities. All scenes inthis attraction are mechanical and inoperation, giving a clearer idea ofthings as they really are. The bignew Derby Racer occupies the newspace acquired by Chester. This iswithout doubt the greatest ride in theworld. Dr. Joy, another big attraction, will delight and enlighten anyone. The Doctor gives advice andconsultation free. Ship Ahoy willbring you through an ocean of fun. Alife size ship is loaded every minuteand the voyage is continuous. Thebig laugh producer of the park is theOutburst, containing fifty wheels allrunning at the same time. The DarkTunnel Coaster and the AeroplaneRide are also new features Manyfree new amusements have beon installed. The Chester Ladies MilitaryBand will give cow.tIs afternoon andevening. Everytning was in operation on the 7th, same as in midsaason,except the vaudeville shows. The usual gate admission fee of ten centswill be charged. Regular seasonopens Sund&y May 4, on which dayhe vauisvllle slum's will start. Chester must be seen to be appreciated asthe wonderful improvements havepractically rebuilt the park.ana should not oe connnea witn rne insane people, so the experts say. If. fflthe epileptic institution is tstablishd, Wthere will be no necess'ty for addition- J3al buildings at the asylums, as the'wards now occupied in the asylums by 1 mthese epileptics could be used by addi- Stional insane patients when the epilep-j jKtics are taken away. aThe average co3t per day to thestate for each patient in the asylumsis 42i cents. This includes food, clothing. medicines and everything. Thisis considered a remarkably low rate,considering the high prices that haveto be paid for all kinds of foodstuffs.&zm?- 4LHow's This?Fayette to Try Asphalt Roads. ;Fayette county is to try the experi-jmpnt of constructing a section of ma-1cadam road with asphalt binder, andthe Fiscal Court of that county has accepted the bid of the Home Construction Company to reconstruct by the'new method one and a half miles of'the Richmond pi.ee leading out of Lex--ington.The macadam road with asphalt binder is comparatively new , in 'the road building line, the only other jtKiuipic: 111 uiir otitic ueiug uu .uiuuica- rmboro, though it has been successfully J Sftrieo in tne aoutn ana tiiast witnin tne, past two or three years. One great 11 advantage which is claimed for the as-;phat binder on the macadam road isBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Doasoii & DePARIS, KY.Q23fcS22aEgitcc3p2:tiilOil&afeWm. Jldams Son.142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.jthat it successfully resists the destructive auction of automobile tires, rnd isWe offer One Hundred Dollars Tie- absolutely dustless If the experimentward for anv ease of catarrh that proves successful the new method of'unminr. he cured hv HallJs Catarrh ! building macadam roads will be furWorking in the Gardenvw wtefev pVJ& -4 'aveai? a real pleasure if youthe right tools. We havecomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will help3'ou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWEY & TALBOTTARrkiirhnn IfninrflrvWjk -- "- yD.WIS & hurm, Props.byCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions, and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.WALDING, KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testitimonials sent free. Price, 75cper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.Parole is Denied Judge Booe.The State Prison Commission announced Thursday that it had declinedto grant a parole to Judge C. E. Booe,who is serving a thirteen-year sentence for embezzling funds while hewas a clerk in the claim department ofthe State Auditor's office. He hasserved a little over two years of histerm, having been sent to the Frankfort penitentiary the latter part ofJanuary two years ago. The commission turned down a similar applicationfor him last year, but his friends renewed the application this year.The matter was practically agreedupon by the commission some timeago, but the result was not announceduntil Thursday.ther extended in Fayette countv.Sermon by the Deacon."Girls whose grandmothers used toget outdoors and boil a big iron kettle full of maple sirup or soft soap,"says Deacon Palmer, "think they aredoing something when they can roasta marshmallow in a, chafing dish."Atlanta Constitution.Ity Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice,aswwA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainbtiiking work enables usn rrckt vruir l;mnrlrv nilt". Hlfday we promise it, and its (fquality is guaranteed. Give Cus a trial order. You'll not :K. regret it. WBourbon Laundry,Paris,KentMGky.Sheep "dip" Announced.The Livestock Sanitary Board hasannounced the official "dip" to beused combatting sheep scabies in Kentucky. The first dip is of lime and sulphurto be prepared in the form of a calcium sulphide, containing not less thanthree per cent sulphur nor more thanone per cent lime, being made fromthe formula of eight pounds of unslacked lime and twenty-four poundsflowers oi sulphur to each 100 gallonsof dip required.Tobacco dip may be used. It shallcontain not less than seven one-hun-dredthscf ( ne per cent nicotine.A Faiher's Venegancewould have fallen on anyone who attacked the son of Peter Bondy.of SouthIiockwood,Mich.,buthewaspowerlessbefore attacks of kidney trouble. "Doctors could not help him, "he wrote, "soat last we gave him ElectricBitters andhe improved wonderfully from takingsix bottles. Its the best kidney medicine I ever sw.7' Backache .tired feeling, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite,warn of kidney trouble that may endin dropsy, diabetes or Blight's disease.j Beware: Take Electric Bitters and besafe. Every bottle guaranteed. 60c atOberdorfer's. ,Superior Paper.As Illustrating the excellence of thepaper (which is made from unused linen scraps) upon which Bank of England notes are printed, it is stated thatwhen one of these notes is twisted intoa rope it will sustain a weight of 358pounds.Balked at Cold Steel.'I wouldn't let a doctor cut my foot1 'XWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SHINGLES, POSTS,SASHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD ANDSOPT COAL,AGENTS FORAmaiiteRoofing.OUR ESTIMATE MANis always on hand and makes hisMULTIPLIERS & PRODUCTSas low as they can be figured. The cost of your bill depends largelyon the size of the multiplicand.BRING IN YOUR MULTIPLICANDSor dimensions and we will figure the cost as low as we can.TEMP LIN LUMBERjEast Tenn. Telephone Co.off," said H.D. Ely, Bantam, Ohio, atttlfclkaMfcafcStaOtl XraikKakliarittfikHX((nUUyMvk UAwiKIn nlnni hnrl rtAOn t w ---- - w- - - - -w-w-v -v -wthe plague of my life for four years.Instead I usedimcklen's Arnica Salveand my foot was soon completely cured." Heals burns, boils, sores, bruises,eczema, pimples, corns. Surest pilecure. 25c at Oberdorfer'sBlue and Gray to Hold Love FeastPlans for a bis fiftieth TannivprscrIovs feast to be attei.ded by the Unionand Confederate soldiers, who foughteach other in the battle of Dull Run, jwere made in Washington last week.The peace meeting is to be held July1, on the same field where the menmet fifty years ago to take the lives ofone another, and it is expected thatseveral hundred of the soldiers on eachside will attend. Considerable impetus was given the project at a raisingof the Stars and Stripes on the battlefield near Manassas. Va., Thursday.MAN'S BErWflSTERSTir-v. Health, Sirength, Vigor, Vitality.nno Di-mr nu vvfurrvnan in melOIt DVVZ. UC IU1UIIUJ1UJI w uCSKKOW YOURSELF1-Bnmt-am T.ttrbt for Every 31 an. Free byMttSSSdrfftlToso enclosing leu Cent, nvSriele and all Dteeaaea ad.ale of Men from whatovor causa t,no,rg''0d how cured; to&lresolta: ita conaaeror by medical acience iuliteVt and moat remarkable victory. Jwj5hfaMof tkls wfl.aalady amd making itmkklyfaea for almort a acore of yet ia ClaclmaaUMa8f8UlieitoMfa.INCOKPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Littlef RockRuddles Mills."WhenTyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.1 'andThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated3EjpSJSfcjfi'wENotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44- CURESChoiera, Gapes, Lin.krr.eck, Roup, Canker,ZFszsz Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMas Katie Bryant. Bvdttowa. Ky., aayt: "I bare ved Reopc 4-11 -44 (or yens aad thine it tne bestpoultry temedy aaade. It cures gapea and limoimc ck with f aU.Will Coobm. Barcktowa, Ky.. says: "One ckop cf Recipe 4-1 1-44 dropped dowa the b3I of a gapiszcfcickcm k5k the wana aaj tJmitw the chick iaiaally. ItUwebaatvreTCabTelkaveeTartiMd."Nff.asifiwraMcMlhyJ. Mt Cnwe, lartfsltwi, Ky. Price 59c at all tn&hls.YiSitrV,G. S. Varden & Son.xhy.,A.r 4 t -I i ij m' I 1M J(JM ii 1 iL I i u ii jjip TO-WTHE BOURjBON1 NEWSV:PARIS, ;KEN1HJCKY, MAY 9,; 1911,4Tflmi!Cured by the Marvel of the, v ntury, B. B. B. Tested forjO Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, dis. arges of yellow matter permanentcured with pure botanical ingred. nis. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous but.. auses ulcerations, death and decaybones, kills ambition, often causes' p of appetite, and reaches to gen-a debility, idiocr and insanity. Iteds attention at once. Cure it by.king Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)is a quick, radical, permanenture because it rids the system of ther iison germs that, cause catarrh. Ati e same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)infies the blood, does away withi .ry svmpthom of catarrh. B. 1J. B..ds a tingling flood of warm, rich,, ire blood direct to the paralyzedrves, and parts affected by catarriA poison, giving warmth, andrength just where it is needed, and. .teis way making a perfect, lastingre of catarrh in all its forms,"Hggists or by exsress, 1 per large1 ttle, with directions for heme cure.j-amples sent free by writing Blood.Palm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describex-'iir trouble and free medical advicevpn. Sole by Varden & Son.mzmmmM&Fter'E mO,7s?& iXil4&W1'$&''.':--.XTvOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Buddhism and Animal Life.It must be said of Buddhism that Ithas left one indelible mark all overIndia. China, and the east, and thatis the teaching of gentleness andkindness to one another and to animals. Buddha taught that life is buta prolonged endeavor to escape fromsuffering, and that, therefore, tocause others to suffer is the unforgiveablo sin. Price Collier in Scribner's Magazine.Sarcastic Judge.Baron Maule, In one of his sarcasticmoods, addressed from the bench abarrister friend of mine thus: "Mr.Barker, could you not state yourfacts in some kind of order? Chronological is the best, but if you cannotmanage that, try some other; alphabetical, If you please." Sir FrancisH. Doyle, "Reminiscences'."A SINGULAR .WILL CASEBy ARTHUR W. BREUSTERCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.Well Meant.A description of a weddlns ex-I plains that "the bride was charmingly though becomingly dressed." Itreminds us of the reporter's note,"The patient is much better, thoughDoctor Brown is still in attendance."Of all the strange coincidences Ihave ever heard none Is stranger thanone happening in my own life, and itled to important results.One day, happening in at my lawyer's office, he said to me:"By the bye, we have a big lot ofpapers in your case against Bunsby.It has all been settled up, and I wouldlike to turn them over to you. We areoverburdened here with dead documents." He called an office boy and sent forthe papers. They came to me in onelarge bundle, which I tucked under myarm, walked home with it, and threwit, without opening it, into an ironbox kept for family records.Ten years passed, during which period I went on an average to the boxonce or twice a year to toss into itsome document that would probablynever be needed again. I had no occasion to look into the box during allthis period, but the time came when1 found it necessary to overhaul it ina search for a missing paper. By the! time I found my paper every separatei bunch had been unrolled and their conI tents were all in confusion. Pickingment of James Chieningsb3V I "wassomewhat surprised to find such adocument.I opened and ran my eye over itscontents. There was nothing to indicate the value of the estate, nor werethe names of any of the legatees familiar to me. There were a few smallbequests to different persons, and theresidue was to be given to a minor.How the paper got into my box was amvsterv. I was not interested in theI have been a builder for the past , wint but i was deeply interested inColored Diamonds.At a recent gem exhibition in London there were shown blue, pink andaqua-marine diamonds.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for thepose of conducting a generalpur-ContractingandBuilding Business.Master's SalerOP- -.-ValuableCity PropertyBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David D. Cline as Administratorde bonis non of Julius Herrick,deceased, - Plaintiff,vs.Martha Kenney fcHerrick, &c. - - -.---- Defendant.twenty years, and can Handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at Fordhamhow it came to be where I found it.It must have been there a long while,but not more than twenty years, forthe date it was executed was no fur-W. C. HESTERHPilfllMiira !OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCEisSEE. .A few years ago flyingmachines were hardlythought of, nor wasScott's Emulsionin summer. Now Scott'sEmulsion is as much a summer as a winter remedy.Science did it. All DrutgUuTrade MarksDesignsCopyrights &c.Anvone erdlnj? a Bkctc-li and description ninyqniV y ascertain our opinion free whether ani"iv-t.tioti ij probaLlv p-itrntable. Conininnlcatt ii.s.:nctlyconfldeiitia!. HANDBOOK on Patentsft tit free. Oldest auei.ey for eecurmtr paten's.Patents taken through Jluim & Co. recelva74iul notice, without entree, ia theScientific Jfitierlcatt.A handsomely illustrated weekly. T.nrce iri nlatiou i f anr t-ciei llilc journal. 1 cviiis. Sj atear: four months, fL Sold by all newsdealer".MUNNCo.3GtBroad New YorkBranch Ofllce. C25 F St- Washington. 1). U.MISS JESSIE BROWN IArt Embroiderv jMaterials,iDolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Unfol nr nnll nn Plnmn hnno !t7 Racf ! thor bilCk than that. Bllt it mightTenn. phone 12S-2. ' I have been put in my box much morei lately than that.I should have attached more importance to it if persons could not makemore than one legal will. It struckme that this might be an old onewhich had been voided by a later oneand had got mixed with old out ofdate papers. But that did not explainhow it came to bo in my possessionfor it was not a paper in which I orany of my family, so far as I knew,had any interest. I looked it overcarefully to see if there was any clewby which I could discover who werethe legatees, but there was nothing togive me the slightest information concerning it. I took it to my desk in aroom I occupied for smoking andplaced it in a pigeonhole, intending toadvertise it. But time passed, and Itook no action.Some time after this I married mystenographer and typewriter. She wasI very poor, ami i was nor. ncn. j. was' making a bare living and until ourfirst child was born she retained herj position in my service. Indeed, it wasessential that she should, aim wnenchildren came and I was deprived ofher assistance in spite of all my efforts I "was losing my grip and couldnot afford to hire another stenographer.I One morning -while looking over myI newspaper my eye drifted to real cs; tate items. One of them mentioned1 the sale of a piece of property belonging to the Chieningsby estate. TheI name was an odd one. but it seemedto me that I had seen it somewherebefore."My dear," I said to my wife, "didyou ever hear of the name Chieningsby?" "I had an uncle by that name,though I never saw him. He disappeared when he was a boy and wasnever heard from. All I know of himis that I heard my mother speak ofhim before she died."I kept thinking of the name till suddenly it flashed upon me that I hadseen it in the will found in my ironbox. I went to my desk, took out thedocument and read the name of thetestator .Tames Chieningsbj. I called my wife and read the will to her.When I came to the name of the heirI to the residue of the estate I stopped,I wonder stricken. It was her maiden1 name.She was as much mystified as I. AllCured by the Marvel of the she knew of the 1,aine of CUieniDgsby- - . I was what she had told me. But weCentury, B. d. d. lesced torCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Truit Buildine, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.RIIUIATI8I3fc tt M'Lirdown the throat of .1 "trapey"chicken destroys the wormsnnd saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the driakinc waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite d'arrhoes and other chickK'f'PrSSi" diseases.One 50c Bottle oouorbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.wry poultry rsiscr FhcuM kep a bottle ofI'jvKSieinc on i.and. Ask for free booklet onXiu.S Of IrOVi."For Sale by'W. T. Brooks,otiteujrr- ! 30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'tfotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will bend von a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orfehooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, ditiiculty in movingaround so vou havt to use crutches; jblood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take. Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery svmpthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed tq help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large, bottle, with directions for home cure.S unBt'j sJU free by writing Blood1. 11 o Atlanta, Ga. DescribeV": 1 1 cuts' e 'lid free medical adviceIgi.vn -3;:i fcy varden cc ton.were both in a flutter of excitement.What did it mean? Then I remembered that a man may make a will everyday if he likes and only the last oneis of any value. Nevertheless I wasaroused. I rushed out to my attorney, or the one who had once had mylaw business, showed him the document and was about to ask him tomake an investigation for me when heexclaimed:"By thunder!""Explain!" I cried impatiently."Instead of answering me he calledout to his partners, "Here's a will forthe Chieningsby estate.""For heaven's sake tell me!""Where did you get this?""Found it in a box of mine whereit has probably bepn fo'r j'ears.""It represents an estate that "liasnever been settled since no one hasbeen found near enough of kin to claimIt. If this is genuine all but thesefew bequests goes to Miss KatherineMiller, whoever she may be.""She's my wife."We were rich. The will had beenleft by the testator with my attorneys,had got mixed v.ith the bundle of papers given to mo and had come tolight Vhen most needed.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March term 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court theundersigned Master Commissioner ofsaid court will onSaturday, May 20th, 1911.at the court house door in the cityof Taris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder on acredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money theproperty described in said judgmentand ordered to be sold in the abovestyled action, to-wit:Lot No. 24, and the north half of lotNo. 25, Convent Heights, Paris,Kentucky, beginning at a stake in themiddle of lot No. 25, then with theeastern margin of West street 75 feetto a ten-toot alley, then east of saidalley 100 feet to the corner of lot No.17, then south with the line of lots 17and 16 seventy-five feet to Ramp'sline, in the middle of lot No. 25, thenwest 100 feet with Ramp's line to thebeginnimr.and is the same lot conveyedto J. F. Ramp by W. C. Shepperd, bydeed recorded in deed book 83, page114, Bourbon County Clerk's office,and is the same property conveyed toJulius Herrick by J. F. Ramp's heirs,by deed of date March 31, 1904, andnow rceorded in deed buok S7. page201, Bourbon County Clerk's office.Also a certain lot or parcel of groundsituated in Paris, Kentucky, on thewes1- side of Main street, bstweenWest 0th and West 10th streets, andhounded and described as follows :Lots No. 39 and No. 40, ConventHeights, in Paris .Kentucky, fronting112 feet, more or less, on West street,and extending back, same width, 10, Lylesville line and is 82 feet on thesouth side, and 86 feet 6 inches on thenorth line, and is the same propertyconveyed to Julius Herrick bv J. W.Lancaster ard John B. Northcutt, andI Emily Northcott, his wife, by deed ofI date, April 20, 1893, now of record inI Bourbon County Clerk's office, deeaI book 75, page 360. 'a1(iFronting on Main street 30 feet, andextending back towards High streetj 142 feet, more or less, and bounded onthe nortn side by the property of Mrs.Sallie A. Talbott and of Miss GeorgiaMitchell, on the west side by theproperty of Mrs. Hannah Butler, andon the south by the property of JohnM. Brennan, and on the east ,by Mainstreet, and is a part of the propertyconveyed to John M. Biennan by theheirs of W. A. Bacon, by deed ofrecord in Bourbon County Clerk'soffice, deed book 84, page 264. The lotherein described is thp same widththroughout, and is the same propertyconveyed by John M. Brennan to JuilusHerrick by deed of date April 22, 1905.now of record in the Bourbon CountyClerk's office, deed book 88, page G24.j That certain lot or parcel of groundsituated in the city ot Paris. Ky.,'on the west side of Main street,between 9th and 10th streets, andbounded as follows: Fronting on Mainstreet 35 feet and extending back toward High street 142 feet, more orless, and is the same width throughout,and is bounded on the south by theI property of Genia Goldstine, on thewest by the property of Mrs. HannahButler, and that formerly owned bySamuel James, and on the north bythe property of Julius Herrick, and ispart of the property conveyed to firstparty by the heirs of W. A. Bacon, bydeed recorded in the Bourbon CountyClerk's office, ded book 84, page 626,and by John M. Brennan to JuliusHeriick, by deed dated June 15, 1905,recorded in said office, deed book 90,page 618.A certain house and lot of ground inParis, Kentucky, at the intersection of7th street and Higgins Avenue, in taidci:y, and described as follows: Fionting 60 teet on Higgins avenue, andrunning back same width as in front,about 200 feet more or less, to the lineI of J. W. Ferguson, and bounded on one! side by 7th street, and on the otherside by Mrs. Bradley, and is the samelot conveyed to said Julius Herrick byNannie J. Herrick by deed recordedin the Bourbou County Cleik's office,deed book 74, page 48, and reconveyedto Nannie J. Herrick for life, reaminderin fee to Julius Herrick, his heirs andI assigns, by deed of record in said1 onice, deed book SG, page 174.A certain lot of ground in the city ofParis, Kentucky, said lot being fiftyfeet square, and bounded as follows :I JDeKiniurs at me turner ut inf iul nowowned by said Julius Herrick, andrunning with the line of J. W. B'erguson, north 50 feet to line of first parties, then with the line of said partieswest 50 feet, then south 50 feet, withline of first psrties to the line ofJulius Herrick then with his line cast50 feet to the Beginning, beine'sameproperty conveyed to Julius Herrickby Mary L". McCann and Charles McCann, her husband, by deed of recordin the Bourbon County clerk's office,deed book 75,' page 362.The nurchaser or nurchasars will berequired to pxecute bonds for the purchase money with approved suretybearing interest at the rate of 6 percent per annum from day of sale untilpaid, payable to the undersignedMaster Commissioner, and to have theforce and effect of replevin bonds.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.D. D. Cline, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. 254teotmmmmmJob PrintoneWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!ftTK u5rmc job R.eoffls opTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepalred to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asilLLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork. 'Our type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,104 Issues a Tear for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.Vuuuiiimumxt1 - :Vv".'.Ms-. vJ.' ?k ""irT "t.:?V-i" Kii4--'.EKIEajtyafcle Enttrtiiameat forCtltred People.(Communicated.)Saul, King of Israel, which was sopleasingly rendered here a few weeksago, was given by Dr. Mebane and hiscompany at North Middletown May 5thfor the benefit of the colored churchesthere.The entertainment was in every waya SDlendid aifair and delighted thewere ievenpeopleobtainpacked audience. Manyturned away unable tostanding room.TJio -fnllnvinrr ic n rnmmnninationfrom Mr. J. W. Mitchell, a leading!merchant and a highly respected citizen of the place, who was among thenumber of representative white peoplepresent :"The colored people of NorthMiddletow: were given a moateal treatFriday evening when Dr. J. W. Mebane presented the oratorio, Saul,King of Israel, at the U. B. P. hall atthis place."Dr. Mebane was assisted by hiswife and the manner in which thecharacters responded to her directionsgave ample evidence of her capabilityand the time she had given in perfecting the parts."Quite a crowd of the white peopleof the town attended, ail of whichthoroughly enjoyed the evening andaDDreciated the. courteous manner inwhich they were received."Modern Property.Read the 'advertisement in anothercolumn of the valuable real estate tobe offered for sale on May IS by Mr.George W. Wilder.X?Buy Lincoln and Garrard Hemp.Mr. Fred Batterton, who hat been inLincoln and Garrard counties sinceJanuary 1, purchasing hemp "f or thefirm of E. F. Spears & Sons of thiscity, returned Saturday. Mr. Battertnn purchased the entire crop of 1911to be raised in the two countiesamounting to about 400 acres, or anaggregate of 400.000 pounds. Theprice paid was $5.50 per hundred anincrease of 15 cents over the price paidlast year. Lincoln and Garrard counties produce more hemp than any othertwo counties in the State, but theacreage this year has been reduced toless than half as compared to that oflast year when both counties, combined, produced over one thousand acres.Woo!;We are buying wool. r Will pay thehighest market price. Come get yoursacks and twine..P.. B. HUTCHCRAFT,28 St Either phone 84.Auction Sale of Lots.Attend the auction sale of the Barnsbuilding lots next Thursday un SouthMain street.HILLEISBU1G ITEMS.FOR RENT.Two cottages on Second street. Ap-P V MRS. DUKE BOWLES,9 3t 623 Main Street.v.v?Notice ! Farmers !Wool Twine,Sheep Shears.All Kinds of DependableHardware for the Farm.Call and Examine the Best and CheapestFarm Fence Ever Offered.4? A new one, and by far the strongest ever offered.&Springfield Lime andWhite Wash BrushesFORD & CO.Paris, Ky.at4.-Our I ifip nf fprlinor Silver is Very Complete. Ij Just the thing for!wedding gifts. Iv . j " j k . i - ' l X X p ! "X TT 3tbjv t t l i " i "4 v $ $ H tf i t i tREMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers," m -v nvh -vw aur utYwrI Both Phones. BwWon't You Make a Comparative Test?Such a test will prove to you the great economical Housefurnishing possibilities at the A. F. Wheeler Store.Large assortment-lower prices liberal credit-these await you at our store-welcomeyou to your homefurnishing store.Odd DressersA Beautiful Line of Odd Dressers to brightenup your Bedroom,$7.75 up to $70.00Porch Chairs in theOlcl Hickory,$2.25 to $7.50----tf ftlWVIMBlKitchen Cabinet$6.75 up to $42.00fip. i.i rclwWhy Wheeler 'a 9ewSceberg S3efrige?atorsJin the Cheapest?It is because they are so well constructed withCharcoal Waterproof Sheating, which will notobsorb moisture, and is noted for saving yourice bill.ifeJgllllllllA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Third Sts.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court House"k k fe kcHw?klrJThe season for house .cleaning is on.Call un me. for folded newspapers toput under your carpets, on shelvesand other purposes. Prices right.R. M. CALDWELL.Mrs. H. D. Shy visited friends atCarlisle Saturday.Mr, and Mrs. H. D. Shy visited relatives at Cynthiana Sunday.Mr. R. M. Johnson visited MissAldora Chambers ut Sardis Sunday.Mrs. C. C. Chanslor i3 visiting hermother, Mrs. Wright, and family atMaysville.Capt. Guy M. Russell was given thethird degree in Masonry by AmityLodge last night. 'Miss Aldora Chambers, of the M. F.C, was at her home at Sardis fromSaturday until today.Mr. W. C. Dodson, of Paris, wasthe guest of his mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson, Friday.Mr. Hurst, of Jackson, was theguest Friday of Mr. D. M. Hurst. Hevisited his grandson, J. 6. Marcum,Jr., at the M. M. I.Mrs. Matties Mclntyre returned Saturday from the bedside of her sister,Mrs. David Hill, who is critically illat St. Joseph Hospital in Lexington.Mr. G. P. Fisher, vice president ofM. F. C, returned Saturday after atwo months' visit in Texas, most ofthe time being spent in Dallas.The annual festival hop, which isone of the pleasant features accompanying the commencement, will takeplace Tuesday evening, May 23, at theopera house.Mrs. Henry Sheeler returned Saturday after a two weeks' visit to herdaughter, Mrs. William Crouch, atLittle Rock, and brother, Mr. HenryThompson and fataly at Sharpsburg.gRev. Stackhouse has accepted thecall as pastor of the Baptist churchand will enter on his charge the secondSunday evening in May. He preacheshalf of his time here and his Sundayswill be the second and fourth.Mr. Moody, of Eminence, was a,gu--t. at M. b C. Friday. His daughter. Miss Mary Moody, who was apopualr student of the college, accompanied him home on account of poorI health.entertained theC. to a diningCol. Wm. Laysonfaculty of the M. F.Saturday. The only gentleman present was Hon. J. G. Smedley. Thesetwo Kentucky colonels were boys againfor a few hours.Mesdames W. R. Barnes and A. S.Best left Saturday for a visit to relatives at Maysville and Washington, tobe present at the Huntet-CIaybrooknuptials which takes pla:e Wednesday.Messrs. A. S. Best and J. H. l'.arneswill leave today, Mr. Barnes being oneof the participants in the wedding.Miss Bettie Icel Maris, who h2just completed her course in voice attb Milltribarg Fcmxl Cotkc f avher sradoatinff rtcital Friday VMincin tha college chapel. Miis MyraBooth, who accompanied her.waa muchcomplimented. Miss Harper as pianistand Miss Dickinson as reader addedmuch -to the entertainment. At theclose the audience was asked to repairto the parlor and library where an informal Lreception was held and thepublic was given an opportunity tomeet Miss Maris.M. F. C. COMMENCEMENT.Friday, May 19, 9 :30 a. m. FieldDay Exercises.Friday, May 19, 8:00 p. m. Anniversary of Literary Societies and Contest for Gold Medal.Saturday, May 20,10:00 a. m. ClassDay Exercises.Saturday. May 20, 8:00 p. m.Play,"A Russian Romance," by DramaticClub.Sunday, May 21. 10:45 a. m. Baccalaureate Sermon by Rev. T. S.Hamilton, of Bluefield. W. Va.Sunday, May 21, 8 :00 p. m. AnnualMissionary Sermon by Rev. Hamilton.Monday, May 22, 10:00 a. m. Alumnae Day, Program in College Chappelfollowed by the Alumnae Banquet,and the unveiling of a life-size portrait of Mrs. S. C. Trueheart, who isthe guest of honor for the day.Monday, May 22, 8 :00 p. m. AnnualConcert.Tuesday, May 23, 10:00 a. m.Graduation Exercises and Address byJudge E. C. O'Rear of the Court ofAppeals of Kentucky.This closes the fourteenth year ofthe present administration of the college, and will show the largest enrollment and the greatest success underthe present management. The boarding department was full to its capacity, and several students turned awayfor lack of room to accommodatethem. The greatest harmony has prevailed between faculty and pupils during the last year and as evidence oftha satisfactory work done the entirefaculty will be retained for next session.Modern Property.Read the advertisement in anothercolumn of the valuable real estate tobe offered for sale on May 18 by Mr.George W. Wilder.Lot Sold.Mr. G. C. Thompson sold yesterdayto Postmaster N. A. Moore the lot recently purchased from the Gratz heirs,situated on Pleasant street next to theGovernment Building. The lot fronts50 feet on Pleasant street and extendshack 100 feet. The price paid was$1,400.May head Trotting Association.A report emanating from Lexingtoand published m the Cincinnati Enquirer yesterday is to 'the effect thatMr. E. A. Tipton, formerly of Paris,president of the Fasig-Tipton Co., ofNew York, had purchased a controlling interest in the Kentucky TrottingHorse Breeders' Association. It issaid there will be a meeting of thest'ckJ'olrJers held in Lexington withina few days for th purpose of electingMr. Tiapton president and generalmanager.rEmbry & Co.THE LEADING SPECIALTY HOUSEiFirst Price 'REDUCTIONSIn Women's and Misses'1 aiiored butts and ISilk Dresses7" We Need Space for Summer Stocks50 Handsome Trimmed Suits $35Values up to 75150 Tailor Made Street Suits $25Values up to $4550 Beautiful Foulard Dresses $17.50Values up to 3050 Pongee and Rajah Silk Dresses $15Values up to S25LADIES' AND MISSES' SIZESReduced Railroad Rates to LexingtonNow In Force.EMBRY & CO.,Main Street Hast LtLAllNU 1 U1N, JLY. m-imMM.m&li Si iliv'VrSi'ilr1-itflr ifl-fv .THE BOURBON. NEWS,. PARIS,rq;Y,,. may ?., i9ii.HliE BOURBON NEWS.FEISONAL MENTION.09iJfirst,LAST. AND ALL THE f IMtAHParisMay.paidsettle.Bank.9-tfLICENSES DUE.Those who havemust call at once andOffice at first NationalSTAMPSMOORE.Collector.Read the Ad.Read J. T. Hinton's display ad.Motor CloihesFor owner and chauffeurs can befound here in the biggest variety.J. W. DAVIS & CO.The Rexall Store.We have the exclusive agency inParis for the famous kexall Kemedies.VARDEN & SUN.Auction Sale o! Lots.Attend the auction sale of the BamsbuilJing lots next Thursday on SouthMaio street.New Singer at the Comet.Messrs. Porter and Shea have engaged t:ie services of Mr. Winningham.late of the Empress Theatre of Cincmati, as vocalist at the Comet. Mr.Winningham sang at the afternoonand night shows yesterday and madea decided hit.The Latest.Straw hats today.J. W.DAVIS & CO.Rexall Hair Tonic.Call at the Kexall Drug Store andpet a bottle of that famous KexallHair Tonic. Our store is the place.VARDEN & SON.Vili Attend Comederate ReunionThe following old soldiers fromhere will leave the last of the weekfor Little K nek. Ark., to attend theConfederate Reunion which is to beheld there May 16, 17 and 18. Dr. C.J. Clarke, .Tas. R. Rogers. L. .7. Fretwell. Richard Talbott, Ed Rice andChas. Meng, of North Midaletown;andYtr. A. Gaines, of Georgetown.Wool.We pay highest market prices forwool. Get your sacks ftom us.2 3t CHAS.J BRENT & BRO.Shetland Pony for Sale.Strong, speedy, saddle-gaited fullbrother to Cock Robin and the Collinsboth ribbon takers.puny.f3tAddressesMi. L. Saloahin is confined to hisbsd with rheumatism.Z Mr. Vic Bloomfield and familywere visitors in Pans Sunday.Miss Madaline Soper, of LittleRock, is visiting relatives in Louisville,Mrs. William Ardery has returnedfrom a visit to MiS3 Nancy Cooper, atn. Midway.licenses for the City Of Mrs. Stella Duvall, of Louisville,Were due the 1 St Of , is the guest of relatives in this citynQ-; and county.Miss Virginia Booth, of Lawrenceburg, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. Harry Booth.3Tr3. -Hughes Bronston, of Chicago, III., is the guest of Mr. and Mrs.George Alexander.Mr. Edward Mann, of. Lexington,W-s in Paris Sunday the guest of hisbrother, Mr. ilord Mann.Mr. Harry Holt continues quite illat the home of his parents, Mr. andMrs. L. B. Holt, on Mt. Airy.Mrs. Anna Jefferson, of Millersburg, visited her daughter, Mrs. R.W. Becraft, in this city Saturday andSunday.Mr. Joseph Innes. of Alburquerque, N. M., is here to spend the summar the guest of his mother, Mrs.Carrie Fisher.Mr. Luke Connelly, who is undertreatment at the St. Joseph Hospital,Lexington, is recovering rapidly andwill be able to return home soon.Messrs. Joe E. Hedges and N. C.Rogers have returned from PeeweeValley, where they spent the winterwith their comrades at the Soldiers'Home.Misses Sue Ford Offutt and LoisFinnell, of Georgetown, and MissCatherine Headley, of Lexington, willarrive Wednesday to be the guests ofMiss Catherine Davis.I Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodfordarrived home Saturday night fromtheir bridal trip which included Denver, Colorado Springs, Kansas Cityand other Western cities.Mrs. J. T. Ritchie, of Shawhan,this county, nas as per guest her sister, Mrs. E. A. Hughes, of Monet,Mo. Mrs. Hughes was formerly MissMary Connelly, of this city.Judge H. C. Smith, of NorthMiadletown, who underwent an operation at St. Joseph Hospital recently Isrecovering rapidly and will be able toleave the institution this'week.Mr. Bowen Ratliff, of Lewisburg ,W. Va., is visiting his mother, Mrs.C. J. Barnes, and will remain forseveral days. Mr. Ratliff is engagedin the grocery business in Lewisburg.Capt. and Mrs. Robert Lusk leftSunday for Jacksonville, Fla., whereCapt. Lusk will attend National Meeting" of Railroad Conductors as a delegate. Before their return they willvisit St. Augustine and other Southernpoints.Mr. and Mrs. Louis Wollstein andProf. A. H. Morehead will go to Cincinnati Moi day to be present at a recital at the Odeon in which MissBirdie Wollstein, who is a student inthe Cincinnati College of Music, willparticipate., , . ..t .Cnl. W. T." Daugherty, of Lexington, route agent of the Adams ExpressCompany, accompanied by his handsome daughter, Miss Agnes, were visitors in Paris Saturday and guests ofMr. John Dean, local agent for thecompany.Mrs. E. M.!Dickson left yesterdayfor a visit to her daughter, Mrs. Durand Whipple, in Little Rock. Ark.Mr. and Mrs. Whipple will have astheir guests about twenty-five oldConfederate Soldiers during the bigreunion which will be held there nextweek. Mr. Whipple is Chairman ofthe Lodging and Eating Committee ofthe Reunion.Homeopathic physicians in allparts of the country are preparing fortheir annual pilgrimage to New YorkCity, to attend the meeting and banquet of the Alumni Association of theNew York Homeopathic Medical College, which commences May 31.Paris has one graduate of the college, Dr. John Thomas Vansant, amember of the class of '79. He hasreceived an invitation to attend theexercises.Mrs. Maria Lyons entertained ather home on Main street Thursdayevening from two to five, with euchrein honor of Mrs. A. J. Gorey, of Covington, who is the guest of Mrs. Edward Burke. The prize to the guestof honor was a beautiful hat pin. Mrs.T. t Rcche won the first prize ahandsome cut glass pepper and saltshakers while the consolation prizewent to Miss Julia MCcarthy. A delightful lunch of substantials and icesand cakes were served after thegames. Those present were: Mesdames Gorey, Edward Burke, MikeLavin, John Dean, John Connell,George McWilliams. Roster Lavin. M.H. Davis. P. Nippert, Henry Santen,T. F. Roche, Edward KHler, J. W.Parker, J-. W. George, Wm. Walsh,Misses Mollie Lavin, Lizzie Grinnan,Margaret Toolin. Julia McCarthy. Annie Kelley. and Annie Haniey.DR. J. T. VANSANT.Alleged Bootleggers Dismissed.Ben Turner and Chas. Turner, bothcolored, were tried yesterday morningbefore Squire Thomason in Millersburgon a charge of bringing liquor into local option territory. The warrantsagainst the men were dismissed, i heprosecution was conducted by CountyAttorney George Batterton, while attorney P. A. Thompson representedthe defense. The Turners wcra arrested Saturday afternoon by Constable J. H. Liiville, about one mileSouth of Millersburg. When thevwere taken into custody they had intheir possession six quartsjjf ' nisk; -Fly Time.Keep out the pesky house fly. Wehave screen doors and windows of allsizes that will do it, also screen wireby the yard. Now is the time to getf LAVIN & CONNELL.Lot SaleThursday.A handsome new AxminsterSxl2, stylish suit of clothesrugand a SoStetson "hat will be given away free att anrtion cnie of lots in Barns Placeon South Main street on Thursday,Mav 11, at 2 p. m. It costs nothing toattend.so come and bring your friends.Ministeraltion.AssociaRev. Peter Ainslee, who is conducting the revival at the Christian churchin this city, went to Lexington yesterday where he delivered an address belore the Ministerial Association whichis in session at the Central Christianchurch in that city. Elder Ainsleewas accompanied by Elder Carey r.Morgan.Tomato Plants.Tomato plants of allcinds.SAUER.C. P. Cook Will Supply You.What you really ant to eat andcan't find elsewheie, call phone 207 forJt C. P. COOKS& CO.P,aris Woman. Elected.The meeting of the State Federation of Women's Clubs which was insession in Louisville last week, cameto a successful close Saturday. Mrs.R. B. Hutchcraft, of this city, waselected to the position of Treasurer oftha State organization. The numberof delegates from Pari3 who attendedthe meeting returned home Sunday.Rexall Hair Tonic.S Call at the Rexall Drug Store andget a buttle of that famous RexallHair Tonic. Our store is the place.VARDEN & SON.Lot Sale Thursday.Don't go through lite living in a rented house when you can own a homemuch cheaper. Start by buying a lotin Barns Place, Thursday, May 11.The location is unsurpassed and thesale is positive.Examination for " County Graduates.The examination for county graduates will be held in the office of theCounty Sudperintendent, Miss MabeIRobbins, at her office in the courthouse Friday and Saturday, May 12and 13.Valuable City Real Estate.Attention is directed to the publicsale advertisement in another columnof valuable city real estate belongingto Mr. Georgp W. Wilder. The salewill take place on Thursday, May 18.Tnis property is well located and thehojses are strictly modern.We Save You Money.J. T. Hinton shows you more wallpaper than you see elswehere. Hehangs your paper right and saves youmoney.Auto Accessories.Dust coats, caps, gauntlets, rugs,auto cases. Everything you'll need,we can supply.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Buys Cottage and Lot.Mr. G. C. Thompson purchased Saturay of Mrs. Anna Grannon, har cottage on the north side of Cypiessstreet, and the lot adjoining of MissClara Bacon. The price paid was private. Mr. Thompson will remodel thecottage and will occupy it when it iscompleted.ice to applicants.All applications for position asteacher in the schools of Bourboncounty must be filed with the Secretary of the Division Board, and in duplicate in theofrice of County Superintendent of Schools on or before thefirst day of June. 9 (itAssignee's Sale-OF-liouse and LotClaysville.inI will, as assignee of the estate oiJordan Richardson, onSaturday, May 13th, 1911.in front of the court house at 2 o'clockp. m. sell at public auction to thehighest bidder a house and lot inClaysville. The lot fronts 50 feet andextends back 100 feet more or less.The house thereon contains four rooms.All necessary outbuildings. A splendid investment.W..P. ARDERY.Assignee.PUBLIC SALEOF ONE OF THEMost Desirable ResidencesON THE BEST STREETIN ONE OF BEST NEIGHBORHOODS IN PARIS.Also Two Building Lots Adjoining.- To (he Dear Publicr- . .Through the active suggestion of thePresident of the Health Board, andunder the direct supervision of Mr.George R. Davis, an,, expert in hisline, the Paris Grand Opera House andthe Comet Theatre have each beenthoroughly fumigated, disinfected,deodorized, pasteurized, oxodized, hydrogized, scandalized and otherwiseized, until not a trace of a germ ormicrobe is left to fell the tale. Besides that each place has been rubbedand scrubbed until trey shine like abridegroom being led to the altar.Everyone can now attend either theGrand or the Comet with the positiveassurance that they can do so withoutfear of having to associate with anygerm or microbe of any breeding ornationality whatever.Therefore, get the habit.SHEA, PORTER & CO.Old Time Meal.Coulthsrd & Honey's old time burrground corn mal, the kind that madeKentucky corn bread famous, now onsale atSAUER'S.New Records For May.Victor and Edison.A Few of Them:Gems from "Floradora," HallStuart. Gems from "Erminie," Jakoboswaks Victor Light Opera Co.Po'Mo'ner Got a Home at Last,Fisk Jubilee Quartet.Boston Virginia Reed DanceQuartet.That's Why I Never Got Married, From "The Slim Princess,"Billy Murray.Come in and hear them.Daugberty BrosMain Street,PARIS, KENTUCKYi:Special. .LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is toolarge and must be reducedand benefit by it.-ComeiW. Ed. Tucker.IFEESCut RateCash SpecialsPremier Brand, 4 oz. More Than any Oats Packed38ofBarsLENOX SOAPQuart Mason Jar of PureMUSTARD10cFESE3S11 BOMHIHHiNHiiMHHiaHiiaiREFRIGERATORSRight Now, While Our Stock is Full and Complete,let us supply your needs in the Refrigerator line.We have the best Refrigerator made, the celebratedNORTH STAR 'VHIt IsGuaranteedHaving decided to continue permanent residence in country, the following property will be sold publicly, onthe premises, Duncan Avenue, Paris,Ky., onSaturday May 20th, 1911,Bourbon Jury Summoned.Deputy STieriff Milligan I leming. cfScott countv. W3S in Paris Fridavnight summoning: a special venire ifli fly men from Bourbon county from i,which to select a jury to try Wr.'Frazier in the Scott Circuit Court en a Jcharge of assault. The failure to secure a jury composed of Scott countypeople after several attempts en thepart of prosecution and defense, occasioned this order from the presidingJudge. The Bourbon me.i summonedwent to Georgetown Saturday morningwhen the jury was selected. Frazierwas tried before a Scott county juryand sentenced to be electrocuted, butthe case was reversed by the Appellitj Cnnrfc nn a technicality. The casewent to the jury about 5urv afternoon andd at seveni. failed to reach an agreement.In Connectionwith Smith, Grev & Co.w aie able to ofler thevice in auio wear.J. W. DAVIS &CO.New York,very best ser-LACE CURTAINS.Soerfal orkes ontains this week.J. T. HINTON.11-3. "' 5---" ' '1 nu nariss'ii "'It Is LinedWith CorkIt Saves Ice and Money.beginning at 31 o'clock a.m., sharp:First Brick residence, eight rooms,halls, two bath rooms, basement, allmodern conveniences, lot fronting 109feet on Duncan avenue, running back120 feet with stable and lot added inrear 36 teet, running on back 117 feet,26 feet in rear. Driveway from Duncan avenue on side next to railroad tocontinue foi common use of this lot(No. 1) and Mrs. Whitley's lot in rear,with privilege of the owner of this lot(No. 1) to change the location of thedriveway to run nearer or along theline of the railroad from Duncan avenue. House built of the best mate-t ' rials, unquestionably one of the mostlaCe CUl - i desirable homes in Paris.I Second Building lot adjoining theabove, fronting 50 feet on Duncanavenue, extending back 120 feet, 45feet in rear.Attend Auction Sale Thursday. !fi Third sliding lot adjoining (corner, , , ,. I lot) fronting 45 feet on Duncan avenueBarns Place is the frst resident dis-land extending back with Vine streettrict on Main street to be thrown open , 12q feet, 45 feet in rear,to the public in the history of the city, j Pavements already built, no fillingLocated within a stone s throw of the cr grading on lots necessarv.junction of the different divisions of i 0ny remaining building lots onthe Louisville & Nashville railroad Duncan avenue..cvRtem.it readily becomes the most trums. fW.t.irri ch vi.on AanAo'clock Sat- I desirable prooerty now on the market. j is made, balance in one and two years,even o'clock Every lot will be sold on 1 nursday, ; vylt q perc enL fruinjute. Oi, pur-My medium Refrigerator is the STAR My Cheap Refrigerator is the MAJESTIC My Cheapest Refrigerator is the NEW ICEBERG.SEE OUR LINE OPLawn Swings,Porch Chairs and Benches,Porch Swings, Porch Shadesand Porch Rugs.We Show the Most We Save You Money,j May 11, at 2 p.m.i chaser may pay more, or all, cash.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.. TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home ''Phone 286.iJ. T. HINTONftSInI::I-IN KOBf. C. TALBOTT.$.','W:-? -f;?- s-rTHE: BOURBON ,NEVTS, PAWS, KENTUCKY; MAY 9, 1911.it1MICHELINSemeuVAnti-Skids-J2jVLeek forthistignmswnen leadinggereges( Sa J , ( tufh.flbi.ASTOCK. CIQP AND FARM NOTESIN STOCK BYBourbon Garage and' Supply Go.YOVeTRC5fTHE GREATEST REIE0YJ' . ' T FOR THE CURE OF, MjJtl Tf BtPORESWQD; M j Llfr rff JiKI IT CIVES NEW t!FE AND1 1I STRENGTH TO ELDERLY 1f I PEOPLE. DEUCATE WOMEN.1 1 J& I AND TENDER BOYSAWI)McMorfKraSCY.Ln-ZZuiBLAD. IB M. B DOtDBASI3.CATARKH...4 IfV ASTHMA. RHEUMATISM, t f l JIB gout, la cwrre, .JS&Jfa M;A, A CONSTIPATION. HEART ilP "MB OBtASt MALARIA. ! BflP NStVOUS DtMJTY. JflHi feSrTMEBLOODLNE CoT 1IT AT osToMASs.yS .SbIbB vvBBMiv y Jispring Announcement.We wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Beryamine's-Fine Suits range in prices from$20 to $35Exuals the finest tailor made.Twin Br o&LWOLLSTFIN5 Clothing and Shoe Department.STALLIONS ADVERTISED, t' Attention is directed to the following stallions advertised on anotherpage of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon Norab, 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Hinkson Black Prince.Sterling Hinkson Burley.JACKS.Charlton Clay Tom Mack.Saved Many from Death.W. L. Mock, of Mock, Ark., believeshft hss saved many lives in his 25years of experience in the drug business. "What I always like to do,"he writes, "is to recommend Dr.King's New Discovery for weak, sorelungs, nam corns, noarseness, ousiinate coughs, lagrippe, croup, asthmaor other bronchial affection, for Ifeel sure that a number of my neighbors are alive and well today becausethey took my'advice to use it. 1 honestly believe its the best throat andlung medicine that's made." Easy toprove he's right. Get a trial bottlefree, or regular oOc or $1.00 bottle.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Prison Recreations.In German prisons chess clubs areby no means uncommon. They are encouraged by the authorities as providing healthful mental relaxation forwell-conducted prisoners. Recentlythe inmates of Brixton prison havebeen regaled with oratorios, while atAylesbury there are lectures and services of song.rBlood ine;We KnowBLOODINE-Will Help YouvTo Regain Your Strengthand Energy.Report of the Hed Physician Inv a Leading Nw York Hoipita.1, on the Cur of Ctrrh, v"A few tears ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine'i into our hospital we cureinora than 90 per'cenfc. sl all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladderand Uretha, Catarrh of the large intestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelvicCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, and. Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklyI cured with "Bloodine." itbundsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blooa and strength to any part ofj the body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms.'-Bloodinais a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine"contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanentrelief or cure the cause of your disease."Bloodine is a powerful bpdy builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blooa and supplyzitw, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE - To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents in flit. ver or stamps for postage.Address, Thx Bloodine Cobpobjltiok, Boston, Mass.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Starts Much Trouble.If all people knew what neglect ofconstipation would result in severeindigestion, yellow jaundice or virulent liver trouble they would soontake Dr. King's New Life Pills andend it. Its the only safe way. Bestfor billiousness, headache, dyspepsia,chills and debilitv.2oc at Oberdorfer's.Plows,tHarrows,Corn Planters,Cultivators.Vulcan Plows,McCormick and3. H. Disk Harrows,Racine, Sattleyjjand JaynesvilleCorn Planters.The Brinly Leverless andAvery Cultivators.iAre First Class Implements and For Sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.XGreatest Thing in Life.Neither rich furniture, nor abundance of gold, nor a descent from anillustrious family, nor greatuess of authority, nor eloquence and all the' charms of speaking, can produce soI great a serenity of life as a mind1 tree from guilt, kept untainted, notonly from actions, but purposes, thati are wicked. Plutarch.Prepared for Emergency."What makes you keep giving mefish for dinner day after day?" he inquired. "Are you particularly fond ofi It?" "No," she replied, " I was wholly! unselfish. I read a lovely recipe about' how to remove a fish bono when itsticks in your throat, and I wanted to1 try it"' A Poor Job.t "Yes, sir," said the great financier,t proudly, as he flicked the ash from hisf lS-penny cigar, "I am the architect ofI my own fortune." "Well," rejoined thefriendly critic, "all I've got to say Is4 that it's a lucky thing for you therewere no building inspectors aroundwhen you were constructing it.' Ex1 change.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford 13 Olaairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby., Life's Penalties.And if any toil or pleasure or re-putation or the loss of it be laid uponi thee, lemember that now is the contest, there is no deferring any longer, and that in a single day, and in aI single trial ground is to be lost orgained. Kpictetus.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden & Son.DruggistriOTa3vsOT.2K9OTvrrrwr.49rr'avs-i sr-sSPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shoppingour Drygoods and Ready -to-Wear Millinery andShoe Department. We have for your inspection afashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts,Dresses,Waists.Silk Petticoats,Muslin Underwear,Slippers,Millinery,Drygoods.Dress Goods, "Silks,White Goods,Tiaces,Trimmings,Embroideries,Flaxons, Etc.We are always pleased to have you call and seeour handsome Spring selection.&&TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentuckymmmm1S3Strange.Mr. Marrynew (a little crossly)This soup. Agnes, doesn't teem totaste much like turtle. Mrs. Marrynew I don't see why, John, I let theturtle swim around in the kettle untilthe water was neaily hot enough toscald the poor little thing! Puck.Did She Gt the Situation?Stout Lady "I'm afraid you arerather young for the situation. Are yousure you could cook dinner for a largeparty?" Applicant "Oh, yes'm. Why,the last party I was with was quite aslarge as you are." London Tatler.rCHARLES W. HECK."ISUCCESSORS TOThe Bicycle in Germany.In Germany bicycles are now usedalmost exclusively by the workingclasses.Plucking the Ostrich.On the ostrich farms six men willpluck 150 birds in a day.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, withonb deadlymercury, Avith pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, hone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing ever- sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison'. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for houie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co..Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.H0LLIDAY & SETTLE6airiaoe and Repair shod at Paris, Ko:. Ift Twenty-five years experience in the business. IInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you hdw you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & MPf 9q Company,IncorporatedPARIS, KY.Yard at Office,15th and Main Sts.Home Phone 12; E. T. 530BBWHwBBBBBjBWBMMBV Mv2JVNV iNv JMslK4V vMV4vMvJVV wBvJHTb v.3,rftXt --T - - ." - W I 'i - :t , . "JJ, vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY. 9,1911.sBLACK HAWKCORN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROP!Light Draft, Simple Construction.XiimWur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill, but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak soil in comparisonwith deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child to do a man's work. This is a reasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill withoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or IT 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart, without stopping the team.Hand Drop Attachment vith each Planter, has Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rows and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.Yerkes & Kenney,Paris, KentuckvkmimSpac and Tims UnconquwabU. "No cheating or bargaining will everget a single thing out of nature's "establishment" at half price. Do wewant to be strong? We must work.To be hungry? We must starve. Tobe happy? We must be kind. To bewise? We must look and .think. Nochanging of place at a hundred milesan hour nor making of stuffs a thousand yards a minute will make usone whit stronger, happier or wiser.There was always more in the worldthan men could see. walked they everso slowly; they will see it no betterfor going fast And they will at last,and soon, too, find out that their grandinventions for conquering (as theythink) space and time do in realityconquer nothing, for space and timeare in their own essence unconquerable and, besides, did not want anyconquering they wanted using. A foolalways wants to shorten space andtime; a wise man wants to lengthenboth. A fool wants to kill space andkill time; a wise man, first to gainthem, then to animate them. JohnKuskin.The Crow That. Wears a Fool's Cap.The following clever way of keepingcrows away from a grainfield is usedby the farmer of Holland: He makessome small caps of stout paper andsmears around the inner side of themouth of each some birdlime or othersticky stuff. In these he puts somegrains of corn and stands them aboutj his fields by pressing their points intosoft earth. When the crow finds oneI of these paper caps he thinks himselfin great luck until he attempts to peckat the tempting grain, when, to hisastonishment, he finds the cap attached to his head a regular fool's capwhich will not even allow him to seewhat course to take if he flies up.However, he succeeds in reachingsome coarse grass or bushes and aftermuch bewildered scrambling and tlop-' ping about gets his head out of this( undesirable cap and ever afterwardi avoids the field where there are more1 of them.Changing Tom Reed's Facs.Thomas B. Iteed was once the victimi of a printer's error the unusual aptness of which, after the first flush ofindignation had subsided, appealed sostrongly to his sense of the comic thathe never failed to' refer to the matterwith the keenest gusto whenever hemet the man whom he, with the utmost mock solemnitj', always held re-. sponsible for it. The late Colonel JohnA. CockerilPs handwriting in the heatj of composition was sometimes liableto lose itself in an almost interminable' tangle, decipherable only with thegreatest difficulty. On one occasion heundertook to say that "any one cansee Tom Iteed has the face of an honj est man," but was horrified when heopened his paper the following morning and found that the types made himsay that "any one can see Tom Reed! has a face like a harvest moon."modern ana UptoDateDental Parlors,main Street, Paris, RcmucRy,PARLORS OVER VARDEN'SDRUG STOREI invite you and your friends to visitmy parlors and nave your teeth examined free of charge. Will tell youjust what your work will cost, andcan assure you prompt and courteoustreatment at all times. I use the bestof material and do all my own work.Ask yoir neighbor about me, I havedone work for some of them, as Ihave practiced here for over fourvears.In order to increase my businessand introduce my PAINLESS METHODS into every house in Pans andsurrounding country, I will, for alimited time, make the followingprices:Examination FreeExtracting "OcCleaning $ l.OOGold Fillings, from $1.00 to. . . . 3,00Silver Fillings, from 50c to. . . . li.00Full Set of Teeth (to Fit)Gold Crown (22 K)Porcelain CrownsBridge "WorkAbove Prices Are For Cash Only.All Work Guaranteed.Professional CardsJ J. WriL,IAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW..Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j ZkResidence Home 334.... 1 ...9. Iluargoien s.DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - Kentucky56. Dettrman,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.office nouns:S a. m. to G p. m. Sundays 9 to 12.DR. J. M. LAC0CKOffice over Varden's Drug Store.Cut this ad. out and bring it withyou and get advantage of aboveprices, and have work done by anexperienced dentist.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Davey Tree Expert Co.,Kent, Ohio.Anyone wishing their trees inpaectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tre Surgery,of Kent. Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER.406!PltMnt street.3?nme oho- 25LlBiPrii.tKy.Jlnnk LangbornMargolen,Paris, Ky.IIL Paris, Ky. ImmmmammJThe Feet of Chameleons.Chameleons, as no doubt readers areaware, all belong to the old world, andparticularly to Africa. In their tongue,their feet and their eyes they differ remarkably from other lizards. Theirfeet, though possessing five toes, aredivided into two grasping groups, looking like a hand in mittens, and only byclose examination you perceive thepresence of the two of the three opposing respectively, but so close togetheras to appear like one broad one. Onthe padded soles or palms of thesegrasping limbs you can feel and seethe small may one say palpi, whichenable them to grasp so firmly that itIs difficult to detach a chameleon fromits foothold. These clinging feet, together with their prehensic tail, enable them to sustain themselves onthe branches in the strongest gale.Ho Was Paralyzed.The bell rang, and when she wentto the door she found a sad -faced woman. "Please, mum, can you he!p mesome? I got six children an me husband is paralyzed.""Why. certainly. Here's a quarter.Where is your husband?""He's in jail, mum.""In jail! Why, what is he in jailfor?""For gittin' paralyzed, mum!" NewYork Journal.Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work clone promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentrEdlSKfS.At Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning. ,..,.,Your patronacre solicited.Certified Songster.Prima Donna I have here a certificate from a doctor to the effect thatI can't eing tonight Manager Why,go to all that trouble? I'll give you aotctificate that you never, could tingEndures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Ubmb Trart MUw Casciaaatf, Ott.Justus Collias, Presides,Svperitr Portkad tmak Co.Figure It Out.A farmer takes some pigs to marketIn a basket He puts the first in withIts head poining one way and thenext with its head in the opposite direction, the next with its bead pointing the same way as he first, and soon. lie stops when he has three headspointing one way and three tails theother. How many pigs does he put in?Taken at His Word.He (after marriage) What! Youhave no fortune? Yon said over andover again that you were afraid someone would marry you for your money.She Yes. and you said over and overagain that you would be happy withme if 1 hadn't a cent Well, I haven'ta centTho Sudden Shock."Your wife has received some sudden shock. What has happened?""I don't know, doctor. I came homeearly last night""Ah, that presumably accounts forIt" Washington Herald.Bad Enough.Magistrate Do you know that drinkdrives a man into bad company? PrisonerYes, your honor. It brought mebefore you. Philadelphia Times.On of Those Questions."It was his third attempt at suicide."1 "And didn't he succeed at either ofthe others ?J New ,Itrk .Press.FREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEOne of the most remarkable proofsof the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men andwomen of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constipation andbowel trouble in old people it has noequal. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. Caldwell'sSyrup Pepsin. You can prolonr yorlife by healthy bowel action. Ctoggtdbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period camstotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system massettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doqtor.Address him Dr. W. K Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, tJtftBJficelki, JULTOM MACKThe Premium Jack.Fine I Jack jack, 16 hands high, largeucn', meuiy nose and belly, 5 yearsjIJ, weigh l 1,1-50 pounds.Tom Mtc'c v. ill rrnke thr season of1911 at Marchmont Strk Farmcn theWind ester pike, 2 miles east cf Pjri.at$10 ior Marcs and $15 lor JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Li en. retained on colt until secnMoy is paid Mares kept at $ p.-ronth or ten cents per day on uruss-.r respoi.sibie for accidents cr escapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY,E. T. Phone 57.ii. F. D. No. 2, Pari, Ky.THE SADDLE STALU6N,Ken ZO?-oarirI5r hanu.5 hff?!. iAitt mo- -J .:iw:H Jrtake the Reason of 1911 at Hida-way mock i'afm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure 3 Living Colt.BEN D'GR is by McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes Red McDonald, and others.Firtt d2m, Nacy. by Lovely, heT byLedger ; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt enmps. mar. parted with, cr bred tu another horse.Man retained on all colt? until seasonmoney is paid. "-., " $ .-Not responsible for accidents Torescapes.T. B. STITH.I:. F. D. No. 1, Parjs, KyWoodland Stock Farmeadquarters if or Draft 1 Morse.BLACK PRINCENo. 4S.710$15 to EnsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville .Stock .Farm, is a splendidtype of the d'aft horse, three years)ld, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight Has proven to ba a sure foaljetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.BURLEYBlack PercheronY7t. 1760$15 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the very bpst. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both upon the farm and in the cities. They nstand more work than the generalof horses. Burley is 7 years old, a beautiful black. He is well-formed and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price.The above horses will make the season of 1 91 1 at Woodlawn Stock farmlb u 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt isoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lien-etained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON,!lair, Ky."ttSiw LOCANDA 202,A. superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:0'.) . champion to high Avheelsand the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:lli4. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:15; was thechampion racing stallion of 1901-1905; three-year-old record 2:16j; four-year-oldrecord 2:ii; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record2:05?;seven-year-old record 2:03; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 TOR A. LIVING fOALNOBAB 36915, Trial 2.18, TrottingBrown horse, 1G hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronvVilkes2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09) by Grand Sentinel$15 POR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACON,iMaplehurst Farm, ParisJKentuckyDaiawm racKing vo.,"The Model Packing Plant,Respectfully solicits jrour patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good things,we produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand dealers.jjI Baldwin Packing Co.IParis, Kentucky.IIIISbV -'' . ,aY.f. f-iTHE BOURBON NEWS,PARIS,1 KENTUCKY, MAY 9, 1911,-tI4rfiiIcszzzy$3&WE WILL POSITIVELY SAVEYOU MONEY ON YOUR.CI.0THINGCome and See.It will take you just a few minutes tolqpk over our line of Men's and Boys7Clothing, and in that way you can find outto your own satisfaction whether or not itwould pay you to buy here.Be just as critical, just as exacting, justas sha? peyed as you can, when you come 'to see these clothes. Try them on, standbefore the mirror and see how you look inthem. You will then realize that nowhereelse can you get as much real value formoney as here.Why can we sell for less moneythan other stores? Simply because we reduce every expense toa minimum loW rent verv littleclerk expense, cash buying, 5c.An elegant showing ofMen's and Boys' Clothing, Hats, Caps and Furnishings at Pricesthat will Save You Many DollarsJillIy--S!Zrl 'jV T J SYSTEM frc5w Juki iclothesIsSM Hal rH&useJi5mjv a 111 b Immm wn QcnororSK33w i?usuuMUi&iHome For Better Clothes.Singer Building, IVSain Street,ld9 - - &ENTUCI4YngHIVkeIMmeMmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmaS4fiT&'SfcmS&SffiSSK:iiffiSSIIParis Defeats Cynthiana;The Cynthiam Club with Linvilleaud Maffitt, two former Blue Grasileaguers, as tbe battery, werp takeninto camp Sunday afternoon by theleague champions in a slow, uninteresting contest, after the first threesessions, by a score of 14 to 0.The Paris men hammered Linville allover the lot and a total of fifteen hitsrwere made off of his delivery, which.coupled with errors at critical times,netted fourteen tallies.The boys from the Maiden City werein no way equal to the deceptive benders of Wood and Schrauder and duringthe nine sessions could do no betterthan secure two safe drives, one ofwhich was on the fluky order.In the eight inning binville, for thevisitors, tired badly and in order tocomplete the contpst Shears was handed over to the Cynthiana crowd andpitched the final inning., Baroett starred with the &tick in thisperformance and out of five times uphit safely four times. In the sixthinning he pounded the horse hide for ahomer, the ball hitting at the foot ofthfc left field fence and bounding over.Ihe raris team played a perfectgame until the ninth inning when afterJouett had gone out on an easy bounder to McKernan, Barnett fumbledMaffett's grounder and Harrell letRicher's bounder get away, both iuincrs being safe. The side was retiredwhen Gates hit a long one to Goodmanwho doubled Maffett at second. Tntscore:Paris 0 2003252 x 14Cynthiana 0 0000000 00Batteries Paris. Wood. Schrauderand Mayer: Cynthiana.Linville.Shearsand Maffett. Hits Paris, 17; Cynthiana, 2. Errors Paris. 2; Cynthiana,8. Two Mjase hits Barnett, Mayer.Three base hit3, Harrell. Heme runBarnett. Stolen bases Mayer, 2:Goodman, Barnett, Ho'vll. Base enballs Off Linville, 3; iff Wood, 3Struck cut by Wood b; .hraudur, 4;Linville, 3; Shears. 1. S rifice hits-Harrell. McKernan, R cyr, Kapp.Hits off Wood, 1 in 5 imings; offbenrauder. 1 in lour mnines; off Linville 15 in two innings ;olL ... tars, 2 inone inning.Strawberry Headquarters.For first class strawberries, the?beston thf market, call at "StawberrvHeadquarters."SAUER'S.Ready to Supply liig or LittleOrders.The enterprising and up-to-date A.F. Wheeler Furniture Co., has just rpcently furnished throughout the famous Pav.ilion Hotel at Blue LickSprings, of which hostelry G. D. Jettis jwner and proprietor, the outfit including a full line of up-to-date furniture, carpets and rugs. The old reliable A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co. cansupply your wants also.Money for Growers.The Burley Tobacco Society willdistribute to the growers of Bourboncounty tomorrow twenty per cent ofthe entile amount due them on thacrop of 1910. The distribution willamount in the aggregate to about$83,000.Umpirts Reptrt.The three umpires to hold the indicators in the Blue Grass League thisseason reported yesterday to PresidentW. C. Ussery. Umpire Feye, whoheld down a job last season, came inyesterday morning from Cincinnati incompany with Ronar, who was recently signed by the league official. Coatesarrived last night and reported toPresident Ussery.fWork Guaranteed.Let us make that eld last summer'ssuit look as good as new. Let us callfor your work before the rush. Ourwork is guaranteed. Cleaning, press-4ing and repair work executed in thebest possible manner.THOMAS BROS.Stuart tesifns.1 Chairman Geo. W. Stuart, of theRepublicanCounty Comittee. yesterday tendered his resignation to W. A.Thomson, secretary ofthe committee,to become effective immediately. Whataction the committee will take towardnaming his successor is not known.Two Cynthiana Men Finei.In Police Court yesterday morningJ. W. Chamberlain and Frand Beriy,two white men hailing from Cynthina, were assessed a fine of $10 andcosts for drunkenness. The men werearrested Saturday night by PatrolmanLink.The Footwear we are showing isiCSmart to the Limit'A fact which the wide-awake customer will appreciateat a glance. But that is not all our showing of Springand Summer Footwear is replete with new styles thatalso combineComfort and Quality.The patterns are of approved shapes and are theproduct of the best workmanship. And here is anotherfact that the people of Paris should know, that ourShoes are retailed at wholesaleprices, which means a great savingto yota.Come to us for your Footwear needs.We Have Some Very Extraordinary Values on SaleThis Week That Will Interest You.00 (iiii)jtFrttf1 , 'A 3&kT.DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNWestern Union Handles PressReport.The local office of the Western Un-1ion Telegraph Co. handled all the!press reports sent out from this cityof the Republican Convention heldhere las- week, the stories of the cor-'respondents assigned to cover the con-Jvention filing their.storits in this office'for transmission. The local manager, fMr. John McDermott, was assisted nyan able operator from ihe Louisvilleoffice and the service given the pres3 Ihas been highb' complimented. Mr. 'McDermott is a hustler and as a resultof his efforts, the business of the localoffice has met ilh a substantial increase.GROCERIESAT COST!Having decided to change my business, I will cloe out my stock atonce.These good3 are the best and -will beSold at Cost for Cash.Come in to-day.W. 5. Hughes,Opp. Court Hotrse, Paris, Ky.MmMMMsmsMiJim Alien Wins No. 1386Have Stood The Testiffettleton Spring stylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoe's ha.ve gjfstood for true economy to the man of mod- gerate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain. gIn style they are a little in advance of pother makes. We have the .Spring line of &Nettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leath- &. ft f j .L .. 7V., ..iff.. .f , RSer, DiacK ana Tan Russia cansKins ana giaz-ed kid.They are heie for your inspection at a M. ,1.1 L tolTime max suns your convenience.TSie Shoe iVSers.SrlrwWrlf7'WJWrii."i-i!saCirmtr'Wr-"-h'rxr-W'mwrzsmmtm&mThe UJeil'fupnishedHome(0)(0)Isn't necessarily ELABORATELYfurnished.'A judicious arrangement of afew really suitable pieces ofFurniture is far preferable tomere quantity or expensiveness.We are here to furnish suggestionsto those wishing them.And we have here the Furnitureto carry out -a harmoniousscheme for any room in your home.All sorts of single pieces to fit inwith that which you now have.Will you make use of thesefacilities?(0)00The New Better Value StoreC. M. Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner 8th and Mam, "Robneel" Building .miBOTH TELEPHONES- j .r1 ' -