t -- - Vt.THE BOURBON NEWS.4-., v&kt '"vA"&32PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY; FRIDAY, APRIL 14, 1911.NUMBER 28'SV i ? ,. j&rInsure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfurn fciKfix xt HVIfff W9 V t& KMItThe NecessaryAccessories For TheSPRINGTOILETii oi JIMATRIMONIAL.Ii5 IIII will have on display an elegant lineof cut flowers today and to-morrow.See our stock andget our prices before you buy.Logan ttoTsrr t&11(1116 u-Cnarming Novelties in jNeckwear. fj Unique Cellars of Lace Ij and Embroidery. jj Soft Stock. jf Latest Embroidered and j! Lace Jabots. Il New Shetland Veils. fHE. eiBIM,210 W. Main,Lexington, KentuckyUQ:..ixtmAJJssirfafafasi'tfafaH1)fafafafafafafanfafa...'.,k..,K..,s..,K..'K.'N.n."V.,'?sr5K!Fvr v up r "r2.;'Xa.'v -. vxt out Money isaoK $If My Goods Fail to Please.Standard Granulated Sugar, 20 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 123-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 2oIndianola Corn, 2 cans 15Baby Bun ton Corn, 2 cans 2oMatches, 3 boxes 1JJArgo Starch. 3 boxes ' 10Arl)uckle Coffee, per pound 23OM Reliable Coffee, per pound 28Mackerel Fish, large size, 2 for 15San tee Syrup, 2-pound cans, 2 cans.- 15Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Navy Beans, 3 quarts 2oRolled Oats, 2 boxes loPrunes, per pond 10Cream Cheese, per pound 20White Karo Syrup, quart can 10White Karo Syrup, half -gallon can 20White Karo Syrup, gallon can 40Asparagus, per can. 25Asparagus Tips, per can -5California Table Peaches, 2 cans 355-Tie Brooms 354-Tie Brooms 254-Tie Brooms 20Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlu- Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.559The wedding of Mr. John Davisand Miss Florence Lockhart wassolemnized at the Christian churchWednesday evening at 7:30 o'clock,the ceremony being performed by thebride's uncle, Rev. Gilby Keiley, ofVirginia, tho impressive Episcopalceremony being used.Tho church, which i3 one of thehandsomest in tlic State was more attractive lor the occasion with decorations of stately palm3 and fernswith tall cathedral candles. In eachaisle were baskets of pin-k roses tiedwith bows of pink ribbons.Miss Frances Johnson rendered anrnrrrnm nf lnvplv weddinc music Atthe appointed hour the first chords ofthe l.ridal chorus heralded:he aiprcachof the wedding paity. Fr lm the rightaisle came the ushers. Mr. CateshySpears and Mr. Amos Tnrncv, fnllnwted by Mr. Buckner Woodford and Mr.Brutus Clay.Simultaneously from the oppositeaisle came the bride's maids, MissEdith Walters and Miss Mary Clay,followed by Miss Edna Earle Hintonand Miss Katherine Davis.The bride on the arm of her guardian. Mr. James McClure, enteredfrom the middle aisle and followingwas the maid of honor, the bride's ister, Miss Sallie Lockhart, alone. Thebridal party was met at the altar bythe groom and his best man, Mr. Withers Davis.The bride wore a lovely weddinggown of crystal satin trimmed inpearls and piint lace. Her bouquetwas white crrhids with border of whitpsweet peas. The bridal veil wascaug twith a crown of otange blossoms.The bridesmaids' gowns were palegreen marquisette over soft satin ofthe same shade. They cairied bouquets of American beauty roses andlavendur sweet peas. The maid ofhonor Miss Sallie Lockhart. wore pinkmarquisette over pink and carried abouquet of pink sweet peas.After the ceremony the weddingparty was-entrrtained by Mrs. W. W.Massie at her home on Vine street.Mi. and Mrs. Davis left on the 10:43L. & N. train for an extended weddingjorunpy after which tney will ko tohousekeeping in their home en Cypressstreet.Mr. James Cox. of this city andMiss Leah Frederick of Maysville.will he unitd in marriage in the latter city at tho home of the bride'smother, Mrs. Jos. Frederick, Sundayafternoon at 3 o'clock.fr"We Know How."ONCE MOREWITH it we herald for you cur fresh newstyles to go with the season. Youthink of clothes with the Spring and yourbest interests must turn your mind towardour store.jtjt-?xji-JZW In this you are wise, for in our large stoclof Spring styles there is no berter clothe:value in the world.crSPfafafafafa TUa Cit-rot-v Stnrc nf Olifllitv. 5EIltw yjivww "-' vc J - WBryan is coming.aacsazurri7Mitchell & Blakeoiore,Paris9 Kentucky.Money to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all-themoney that you need on first mortgages on larm property in amounusranging irun i,uuu up. at tne lowrate of o per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at 5i per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.O. K. COLLIER, Agent, '14a3m Hurst Home Insurance Co.Outfitters-to-Mera3SdEE2S!??L-DEATHS.T. C LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234WSMfafaA11fe-.-....-.--g--gg-,-g:-s,-a-a-4gHPThe Easter Saunter Kgj.i:k c'iiwWk?i'iwTHE RIGHT things and the BRIGHT things tox wear gatherea irom an suuuutJb ui lct&iiiunkeen merchandising men.W E13 ii:ilw&"High-Art" Spring Suits that are London-likein cut, cloth and contour. Full-chested, lapelrolled and free-skirted. A wee bit British, butnot a bit foppish $20 to335.Other "High-Art" models a-plenty for men,whose taste has stayed staid. All of them allwool all through. All of them radiating ease andelegance and possessing the SMACK ot the"crack" tailor.X-tra Good Suit for Boys From$2.50 to $10.00The latest Novelties in Hats,;Neckwearand Shirts for EasterJWear.58S&lb-y-viTvi'dmS'$?:i.'y?h:L&saPrice &! Co.,Clothiers.r?mmWitt-Tom L. Johonson, formerly ofLouisville, twice Congressman fromthe Twenty-first Ohio district and fourtimes Mayor of Cleveland, died in thatcity Monday night. Death was causedby cirrhosis of the Oliver. He was 57years old.Lililan May Estes, aged 10 years,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Esces,nf Shnwhan. this countv. died vestei-rinv mnmintr at thp. home of he nar- J22enta after an illness of two weeks withbruncho pneumonia. gwThe funeral services will he heldthis morning at 10 o'clock at the Mt.Carmel Church, conducted by the Rev.J. R. Jones. Burial in the Jacksonville cemetery. The pall-bearers willbe: George Tate, H. T. E3tes, JohnTate, J. W. Stavens G. W. Estes,John Sharron.Mrs. Maragret Monin, aged seventy-nineyears, died at her home in Nolin, Hardin county, Ky., Monday evening at 7 o'cluck, from the infirmitiesOL U1U age. .xxuuui. mice Jfcaa ab ISgAhP i fpll and broke her hin. and since 2bthat time Ehe has grown steadily weaker until death relieved her suffering.She was the mother of Mrs. J. S.Sweeney, of this city, who was at herhedside hen the end came, bhe issurvived by five children, Mrs. Sroeen- ggfter at Bourbon College when Mrs. Berry conducted the school, iMiss MattieMonin and Messrs. Steven and JosephMonin, all of whom live in riardmcounty with the exception of Mrs.Sweeney.Mrs Sarah Lightfoot, aged 60years, died at her home in PleasantHill, Mo., from the effects of an operation. The remains were interred atLone Jack. Mo. Mrs. Lightfoot, before marriage, was Mrs. Sarah jfAnnShawhan. and was born at Shawhan,this county in July 1842. She was onenf tho. family of thirteen children ofMr. and Mrs. Daniel Shawhan, and thelast but one of the family, the onlysurvivor being George Shawhan, ofLone Jack, Mo., for many years awealthy distiller of that place. Mis.Lightfoot will be remembered bymany of the older citizens of this cityand county. She was a member or, i.neChristian church, at the age of twelveconfessing faith under the late JohnR. Rogers at the Mt. Carmel Christianchurch.Seed Sweet Potatoes.Strausburgr, Beimuda, Brazil andSouthern Queen. Phone us yourorder.Phoneea 586.XINK GROCERY CO.,3 ETLtuiimiiJiiiini-' iiititMirftiuMiiuiniiiiMtiiiinniunnnivniuiiinuniuininiiinuininnuiH'inurunninHiiiHiiFRANK & CO.Fhe Store Where Reliability Reigns. 'Now Showing a jSplendid Line ofHigh-Grade jand Popular-PricedHATS' For Ladies, Misses andChildren,VSK-mw:EJfrWh.Ami'9Iff? ;'!lillA CompleteStock ofLadies' and MissedWoolenSuits, Dresses,Coats, Skirts,Silk and Wash Dresses,Silk and Wash Waists,Evening Capes and Coats.Your Trade Solicited.FRANK & CO.EiK3 FumiHiiimr iHuuwninunuinimuumawiiiiiHumHiii4JtiirriwwiBwwnnHHWiHHi ..uiMiiiuttuiHiHjjws&-tfafafaiSfESSBSRSEMM!!!: 1141ill4 2t 138 Eightn sirMt.$$&$mmmmmmmMmte&K'SvKxkm&mzi'Mvmmmx$&!mixm&w&f xJLjMLJMMLjJMMBlJMMlIJPIMJlE.W.LJW'JMlJsmfrwmxmmamm9i&k mS "' -m tm Hmmmmmmmmmh . ...; 3k ' -THE BOURBON NEW9; t PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 14, 1911&Mjwu'm' qum"112wiIIK&?S!3SS3M6S WWWQ&g&&xWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS,SHINGLES, POSTS,SASHES, DOORS,BLINDS, HARD ANDSOFT COAL,AGENTS.FORAmatiteRoofing.2 WINTER HANGS ONgj AND YOUR COMFORT HANGS ONgj YOUR COAL BINS-ffi If the supply runs short we stand ready to supplyjA the deficiency. txj TEMPLiN LUMBER CO. jTHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$L.00 IPayable inSIX MONTHSAdvancefl.00The Tenderfoot FarmerIt was one of these experiments! farmers, who put greeaspectacles on his cow and fed her shavings. His theorywas that it didn't matter whet the cow ate so long as shewas fed. The questions of digestion and nourishment hadnot entered into his calculations.It's only a " tenderfoot' ' farmer that would try suchan experiment with a cnw. Rut manv (,.. rj ..self regard ess of digestion and nutrition. Ke might almost as well eat shavings for all the good he gets out of his food. . The result is that the stomadigrows weak the action of the organs of digestion and nutrition are impairedand the man suffers the miseries of dyspepsia and the agonies of nervousness.To strengthen the stomach, restore the activity of the orHans of digestion and nutrition and brace up the nerves,?S- Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It is an untailing remedy, and has the confidence of physicians asweil as the praise of thousands healed by its use,r In the strictest sense "Golden Medical Discovery" is a temperance medicine, it contains neither intoxicants nor narcotics, and is as free from alcoholas from opium, cocaine and other dangerous drugs. All ingredients printed on.its outside wrapper.Don't let a dealer delude you for his own profit. There is no medicine forstomach, liver and blood "just as good" as "Golden Medical Discovery."A Treat For All Classes Who Smoke.An Idol Cigarhisin hisynouthforown delectation, a few in'us o:cj: fo r his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, all ye whoace fond of a goodgsmoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisAnnual Confederate Reunion.Extensive preparations are beingmade for the Confederate Veterans'Reunion to be held at LittleArk.. May Hi-18.A letter to the News from Mr.Durand Whipple, who is well-knownhere, having married Miss LizzetteDickson, daughter of Hon. and Mrs.E. M. Dickson, is prominent amongthose in charge of the entertainment;of the many visitors who are expected in Little Rock, and is Chairman ofthe Lodging and Eating Committee,other than those in the hotels, andhe will take pleasure in personallyseeing that comfot table quarters areengaged for anyone contemplatingattending the reunion, if they willwrite direct to Mr. Whipple, WhippleBuilding, Little Rock, Ark.Meet After 43Years.A "news 'dispatch from Maysvillesays: "Richard Vaughn, at one timeRock, J a citizen of this state, now of Alabama, when a boy lett his home andone brother, Charles, and went to theSouth to make his way in that part ofthe tattered and torn country. Afteryears had gone by and he had madegood, he began to wonder if his bro'her was alive. In some way he learnedthat hi3 brother was a mate on theOhio River and came here to try tofind him. On last Friday night, whileat the wharf, the steamer Greenlandcame in and he saw his brother,Charles, for the first time in forty-three years. It was a j: ial meetingfor both of them."GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME1.BOTH'PHOIJES DAT137;NIGHT 299.The Crystal Ice CreamParlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.Cynthiana Woman Killed.Mrs. Nat Simth, aged 57 years, diedinstantly Monday morning as the result of being thrown from a buggy inwhich she and hei daughter. Miss MayiSmith, were driving. The buggy collapsed and both were thrown to theground. It is believed Mrs. Smith'sdeath resulted from heart failure, dueto the shock of the accident. Whenihe accident occurrea she was takingher daugnhter to the school she taughtnear Berry. They were in three miltsof Berry when the buggy collapsed.Powers Accepted Yi.h SadGrace.iy&s3ssmS2sdm2tiWere you dissatisfied with yourIfg lasiTCoal.Try8A Whiff of Our Coffee::.- Wit 5i 'will tell you it ( is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better than it smells.Rich, golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coffee fit fora king. - Be good to yourselfand try a pound.A Good Law.A bill was offered in the TennesseeLegislature Monday making it a misdemeanor for a man to visit a femaleseminary without permission.rifteenCent Levy or FayetteSchools.Judge Charles Kerr, in the b'ayetteCircuit Court, decided that the Fayette County Fiscal Coart must thisyear levy 15 cents on the SI for thepublic school. Ihe assessment is tobe on taxable property in the countyoutside of the city. The Fiscal Court,in fixing the county levy recently, gaveonly 6 cents to the schools, althoughthe County Board of Education hadasked 15. The board at once filed theMembers of the Immigru n Comi mittee, to which Representative Calebrowers, ot the Eleventh Kentucky hI District, will be assigned, accepted his j &' deaiernutinn with had vrnrp. &i Representative Burnett,of Alabama,the chairman, said Monday that he didnot want Powers, but as he was notconsulted about the matter by Minori-ty Leader Mann, he supposed there 'was no way out of the embarrassment. !1 "Being a member of Congress, I'j suppose hu had to be assigned to some icommittee," said Mr. Burnett. "But"!and the chairman gave a grimace. !Other Democratic members ot the !committee did nut indicate much en-'thusiasm over Powers' enforced com-,radeship. "Well," said Representa-1tive Bell, of Ueoriga, "there is onegood thing, we are in a majority and jt will, of course, be strong encugh to ij throw him out of thf window if he becomes obstreperous." IBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteedDodson & DentonRepublicans to Get Can.Republican employes ot theHoue'who have deserted their posts and arc jat home drawing their S3lanes are to ibe dismissed from the service.The Clerk of J.the House, SouthJ'rirnble. of Kentucky, ha3 learnedthat scores of the Republican emploves .knowing that they would have to ter- jmmate tneir oinciai services within amonth or two, have declined to comePARIS, KY.t$3&5&xSSZamt$kC$m2zm-?-BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Stoces, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainWorlriner in the Gardensuit wnicn was oeciaeu Dy juagf1 iverr. ito Washington, lheir salaries 20 onIt is understod that the Fiscal Court until their successors are appointedwill not take an appeal,the" 15 cents assessment.Ohas, 3. Brent & Bro.&s'C&tinitex'ssA iJSsfes i SA pis a real pleasure if you 1 avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get ani'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.XOWRY & TALBOTTParis KZentuLokivI Bourbon Laundry!iS Telephone No. 4.wD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.Jumped to Death for Girl HeLoved.The body of the young man whojumped from a Louisville, HendeisoiSt. Louis passenger train, known asthe "Cannon Ball," shortly after 4o'clock Monday morning at Maceo,Ky., has been identified as that ofEzra Martin, of Frederickstown, Mo.Martin was enroute to Maceo to bemarried to Miss Eva Foster. All arrangements for the wedding had beencompleted. He boarded the train atSt Louis, b'lt it iB not thought helearned that the train did not stop atMaceo until the station had almostbeen reached. So anxious was Martinto join the young woman to whom hewas soon to be married that he hurriedto the steps of the train, which wasrunning at a rate of forty-five miles anhour. He had his suitcase containinghis wedding clothes, in his hand. Asthe houses at the station came intoview in the early dawn Martin jumpedfrom the train.It was two or three hours before hisbruised and mangled body was foundby men walking along the track. Hisbody was picked up and removed tothe railroad station. The Coroner wassummoned and inquest was held, with averdict to the effect that he cam tohis death by jumping from the train.but will levy land as the House Committee on Orga-, nization has net completed its program i, ' ot reorganization all the Republicanofficials are supposed to be at theirposts of duty. rTTMr. Trimhle is wrathy over thewholesale desertions. The House isseriously inconvenienced by absent employes, and the clerk expects to makesome removals in short order. Practically th same condition exists underthe other House officials.Firemen on Liners.There are 150 firemen on some otthe large Atlantic stealers.Old Cartridge.The Harrodsburg Herald says:"Thursday morning the Herald officewas presented with an old cartridgetnat is said to have been picked up onthe street of Harrodsbrug a fewmoments after Sam Berry, Sue Mun-day.Henry Magruder and other gueril-las, made their famous laid on thebank heie on October S. 1865. The!Herald has presented the interestingrelic to the Gibbs collection, whichthat gentleman recently gave to theHistorical Society."Field Seeds,Caldwell's Boone County WhiteSeed Corn,Field Seed and Oats,Dr. Haas' Hog Cholera Remedy.Salt.CHAS. 8. BRENT BRO.rBoth 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.H ir MBBA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky-Uncle Sam Will Assist.The fight against heep scabies inthis State is to be turned over to thenational Government, which will put afoice of inspectors in Kentucky to assist the county livestock inspectors,and it is believed that the disease inthe sheep can be stamped out by nextwinter ith the determined methodswhich will be adopted. Five or six inspectors under the direction of theBureau of Animal industry of the"government will be sent to Kentucky; at once to talc 2 up the fight and latersome ten more inspectors, who arenow at work in other States, will beput into Kentucky.This plan of action was decided uponat a meeting of the State LivestockSanitary Board when a representativeof the United States Government waspresent. It was stated at the meeting:that Marion, Washington and Nelsoncounties are the worst infected of anyof the counties which have been visited. In these counties, it is stated, butlittle has been done toward stampingout the scabies, but the Fiscal Courtof each county has promised to dowhat could be done to fight the pest.Scabies in sheep has cost the sheepbreeders of Kentucky a great deal ofmoney, and it is regarded us importantto have the disease eliminated asquickly as possible. Through the newspapers the farmers have been warnedand aroused to the dangers that exist,and they have begun to do all they .canto aid the war against acabitf.StetsonStyleStandsFor foot-comfort as wellas elegance. It's the lastword in shoe science.The Strut with its high toe,arch and heel is for particular young men of stylishtrend.Make a " step lively " start onthe Spring road in a pair ofStetson Struts. .Mitchell & Blakemore" Stetsons cost more by the pairbut less by the year.1...DID YOU KNOW...That I Build All Kids ofFEATHERS?I DO. I also buy and pay more money than any oneparty in Bourbon county for ail kinds of Beef Hides, HorseHides, Seeep Skins and Furs.BEEP HIDES. Until further notice I will pay you from7 1-2 cents to 8 jients per pound for your beef hides.MAX MUNICHW. Eighth St, Phone 374Paris, Ky.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersbtirg, North Middletown, Little? RockRuddles Mills.tnd"WhenIyuhave East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service.' Jyou:3&The East Tennessee Telephoned ColMOOXPOKATXOj'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, -KENTUCKY, APRIL 14;.1911.mr S G'JUXilSlHAWKOORN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROPLight Draft, Simple Construction.Wur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill, but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak-soil, in comparisonwith deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child to do a man's work. This is a reasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill withoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or 17 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart, without stopping the team.Kand Drop Attachment with each Planter, has Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rowr. and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.A Learned Russian Baby.William Lyon Phelps tells this storyabout Robert Louis Stevenson 3 illustrating the cosmopolitanism of Russian character, which Professor Phelpssays is unaccountable in a measurefor the international effect and influence of Russian novels. Stevenson,writing from Mentone to his mother,Jan. 7, 1S74, said: "Wo have two little Russian girls, with the youngest ofwhom, a little polyglot button of athree-year-old, I had the most laughable little scene at lunch today. Shesaid something in Italian which madeeverybody laugh very much. Aftersome examination she announced emphatically to the whole table in Gorman that I was a madchen. Thishasty conclusion as to my sex she wasled afterward to revise, but her newopinion was announced in a languagequite unknown to me and probablyRussian. To complete the scroll ofher accomplishments she said goodbyto me in very commendable English."Three days later Stevenson added:"The little Russian kid is only twoand a half. She speaks six languages." '"A Right and Lawful Rood."An example of the old rough andready inothods of arriving at a measurement is the Elizabethan way ofgetting the "feet." Falentin Leigh,who wrote on surveying, records thatafter service on Sunday sixteen menwere stopped at the church door, justas they happened to come out, anddrawn up in lino, left foot to left foot.The length thus obtained was takenas "a right and lawful rood to measure and survey the land with," anda sixteenth part of it as "a right andlawful foot." Although big and littlemen were thus roughly averagedagainst each other, the results naturally varied to some extent. Ileuceit is, as Shaw Sparrow notes in treating of this "rood" as the architectural"bay" which givrs us the "bay window," that a bay is sometimes foundto be rathf-r less than sixteen feet oftwelve inches. London Chronicle.14 PiifiiwKentuekvcr&p VSi7HULlUBli Si -I--l K jjJAAAThis shows the Sliding CordBack which makes Shirley PrcsiJeat Suspenders the mo;t comfortable and durable.SHIRLEYPRESIDENT SUSPENDERSarc necessary to your comfort for dress wear, business or hard wrJi. After a few days' wear youwill wonder why you ever wore the ordinaryhindMade in three weights to suit all occupationand in extra lengths for tall men.bold by your dealers or Iron factory at 50CSigned Guarantee on every pairTHE C. A. EDGARTON MFG. CO.333 MAIN STREET, 5HIRLEY, flASS.CTHmargoien s.PUBLIC SALEOFSTORE ROOM, STOCK, FIXTURES, ETC.Having located in Lexington, I will sell, onTUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1911,at 10 o'clock, a m., at my lata place of business, in Claysville, mv store-room,ttock of groceries and fixtures.Lot is 50x90 feet and building has two rooms 18x32 feet each.The fixtures consist of a new cash register, scales, show cases, refrigerator. I will also sells 2 sets of harness, 1 spring wugon, a set of garden tools andother things too numerous to mention.This is a splendid stand for business and will make a good investment forany one.TERMS Made known on day of sale.FRANK JONES.For further information apply to Harris & Speakes, Real Estate Dealers,Paris, Ky.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.Tho Shepherd and His Flock.A certain good bishop was in Italyfor his health, and while walking inthe country one day he met a smallgirl who was tending some pigs. Theanimals were giving her a great dealoU trouble, and the good bishop offeredto stay and watch the ones that weregrunt insr and rooting in a ditch whilethe little shephoidess went to js:fehtwo runaways that had strayed fromthe fold. When she came back thei wereiul gentleman htroked the unkempt curly head of the child and ::skel her how much she earned by herhard work and "was told that she received 4 soldi a day."Do you know," jaid ho, "that I, too,am a shepherd? But I earn much morethan you.""Ah yes," answered the little peasant, "but no doubt 3ou tend manymore pigs than I do."Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Impaling the Wild Boar.In Germany the boar hunt occurs annually. Trained hounds are held inleash until the lair of the boars is sniffed, and then they are let go. Off rushthe bristlimr beasts. Thev run fast.rand the faster they skip along the wilder and "madder" they get Sometimesthey are shot, but the correct style ofkilling is1 to use a long spear or a shortswordlike knife. The hunter spies hisboarship speeding along in an almoststraight line, blinded with rage andferocity. Bending over sideways to theearth, the sportsman thrusts his speardull end downward in the soil and thesharp point slanting upward and turned directly 4o the boar's path. Straighton the wild hog rushes, and with allthe impetus of his long flight he plungesupon the spear point and there, impaled,dies a bloody death.& 3. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORgBpiSee me before contracting yourBrick Work. jREFERENCE:-See Mitchell,& Blakemore Building. J920 Main St., 'Phones 586. !Joe. G. Mitchell, 'Insurance AgentI.I1ONEDfiOPMargolen,L. Paris, Ky. IIMHMIoJPeculiarity of Sea Otter Fur."This collar," said a furrier, "is seaotter skin, the costliest fur known.Silver fox, beside sea otter, is cheap.Where you would pay $1,000 for a silver fox skin you'd pay $2,000 for a seaotter. It is only the Russians, theworld's greatest fur lovers, who go infor this most precious of all furs.They use it exclusively for coat collars. Why? For a strcnge reason, analmost incredible reason. Sea otter isthe only fur on which the breath won'tfreeze." Cincinnati Enquirer.Professional Cardsdown the throat of a ffapey"chicken destroys the worms ' auglGtfand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chickdiseases.Jlnnk EangbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.East Tenn. Pho e 669T J. WIIiIiIAMS,U mATTORNRV. A T T. A TXTloom 1 Elks Building.At Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronaee solicited.4 V -One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every poultry raiser should keep a bottle "ofthl medicine on hand. Ask for free booklet oh"Diseases of Fowls.". For Sale by W. T. Brooks.ocOausDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones flmResidence .V-DR. A. H KELIiEK,Pbactici.vg Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and ."3, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... KentuckyMacPherson's Testimony.The MacPherson Man, Judkins Isright there's a deal of sufferitr attendant on yon whusky drinkin', for,MacTaggart, ye'll mind me, whiles amon's drinkin' his ain whusky there'sthe terrible expense tae think of, anwhiles he's drinkin a friend's whuskyhe drinks sne much that he suffers terrible the morrn. London M. A. P.Tho Sequence.It was a Kingston (Ont.) womanwho recently sized up one feature ofthe servant girl question in a new way.She said, "I got a girl to relieve meof physical fatigue, and soon I got ridof her to relieve me of mental fatigue."Cited His Own Case.Singleton Even a married man hasa right to his own opinion. Henpeckke My dear fellow, it Isn't aquestion of right. It's a question ofcourage. Philadelphia Record.Little Words.Out of the 2G7 words in AbrahamLincoln's immortal Gettysburg speech190 are words of only one syllable. Itisn't the big words that count XewYork Herald.Tho Recoil.Sophomore Wonder what makes thetelegraph lint humVSenior I've wired dad for dough, and I guess he'stalking back. Chicago Journal.wmmmmJob Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cbeap Work Done GooA!TRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHEBNAre prepafred to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as5S1U1EADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATAIOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cfte Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftWiWiWUiUUUK3y' ijjmrp"mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 14, 1911tI' "I1k 1IMrJ Ton Are Interestedill T- Am M ,rlrNin vfufjHLU(0)(0)(0))vBecause you are interested inknowing where good Furniturecomes from.Of course nothing may be neededin your home just now, but itisn't a bad idea to learn whereto go when something IS needed.That's the purpose of our ads,to tell you how to make yourFuaniture money go the fartherestpossible.To tell you how to make yourhome the most beautiful,By following the hints we giveyou can make the reading of ourads a paying habit.We invite you to make us alooking visit.(0)(0)$(0)IftThe New Better Value StoreE. Ml. Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel"BOTH TELEPHONESgTHERE'S ECONOMY IN THE NAMEWhen Applied to A. F. Wheeler's New Iceberg Refrigerators,And its the name that you must look for when choosingyour REFRIGERATOR, if you would have theeconomical refrigerator.The best of boxes tnrough and through. It's thebox that will perfectly preserve, at the minimum cost,all your food.We stand back of and fully guarantee every box togive the best of satisfaction.A Few Prices Mentioned:. $7,00, $8 75, $12.50, $15.00, $18.75, up to ,$33.00. -ICEBOXES -$5, $7.50, $9, $14.50, $18.SPORTING NEWS LETTERISTRAUS & 60IBy C. U. ZUBEK. iCincinnati, April 13. Once more thebase ball season is under way, and forthe next six months the principal tobe heard on the streets, in the martof trade, and even in the synagogueswill not be "How's your mother?" or"Is business good?" but "What's thescore?" The condition cl the UnitedStates Treasury, the possibility ofmeeting the grocer's bill or the speculation as to whether it will be a girl, aboy or twins, all sink into nothingnesscompared to the importance JJof knowing whether "we" were victorious orvanquished.Each year adds to the excitementof the opening games, and each yearincreases the number of followers ofthe game. This is true of the largecities, the villages and the hamlets;and even in the strictly rural districts, where houses are tar apart, thelove for base ball is on the increase,making a new set of prospective bigleague performers, and bringing intothe game a class of players that heretofore have existed only as rarities.ro wonder that base ball is calledthe "National game." It is played bynearly every person physically able toplay and when they are not playingthey're viewing. And it is promisedthat this season will see more playingand more viewing than ever before inthe history of the game.Locally we have been much encouraged over the .games put up by theReds just previous to the opening otthe season. fcThis Was particularly trueof the Sunday game with the DetroitTigers. Jennings trotted out hisstrongest team for this occasion, whileGifiitn had tr content himself with asubstitute at second base in the personof Tom Downey. But the box artistswhom Griffith offered were there withte goods, McQuillan and Gasper fcde-I liveiing u brand oi pitchn g meichan-oise that could hardly be ueaten.The Tigers, despite the splendid batting practice they had had for the pastfour weecs, were practically helplessbefore these two twirlers, making butone hit olt McQuillen in live rounds,and two oH Gaspar in the four finalsessions. Not a run was garnered oilthe Red twirlers. As the locr.ls managed to put one tally over in the ninth,the victory went our way. This performance demonstrated that both McQuillen and Gaspav are ready forstrenuous work, and that they may berelied upon to bring home thti persimmons with some degree of frequency.Will Mandamus Court.By the unanimous vote of the County Board of Education in session yesteiday afternoon it was decided to reject the levy of 7h cents on each $100worth of taxable property for schoolpurposes made by the Fiscal Court anda committee composed of CountySuperintendent Miss Robhins and U.C. Lisle, was named to obtain an allowance of 12J cents upon each $10P,to furnish :i sufficient fund to enablethe board to hold a nine months school.The County Board had prepared anestimate on the cost of maintainingthe county schools, which amounted to$10,000. To raise this amount theBoard asked the Fiscal Court at theregular meeting on April G to levy atax to the amount of 2 cents to meetthu expenses of conducting a ninemonths school. This tha court refusedto do and mandamus proceedings willbe instituted at once to compel thecourt to increase the allowance.KAUFMAN,Central Kentucky's Greatest Department Store,'Lexington, Ky.Exclusive New EffectsI-INWomen's OuterGarmentsIndividuality of Style at Sensible Prices.TAILOR-MADE SUITS AT$25, $30, $35Adaptions from Paris models in neatly trimmed effects withsailor collar and long Revers; made out of French Serges,Summer weight worsteds and Etamine cloths in white, navy,black and all colors. Coats are made in just the rightlength, semi-fitted and lined with rich, soft peau de cygne.Skirts cut in plain, straight lines with sufficient fullness toinsure walking comfortable.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Third Sts. CHLS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Jourt HouseParis, KentuckyJCOATSFor motor, touring, driving and generalpongees, taffetas, satins and fine linens.wear, m serges,LINGERIE GOWNSOf marquisette, voile and soft muslins, in solid whiffle, satinand lace trimmed and the much-desired colored embroideryeffects.CHARMINGBLOUSESOf voile, marquisette, lien, etc., in our own exclusivemodels. Oriental trimmed effects in Helena pink, Alice1)1 le and all othar new colorings; Sailor collar. Dutch neckstyles with short sleeves; also high neck designs with shortor long sleeves. The strictly tailored waists in linen aremuch admired.Girls' Dresses and Waists in Peter ThompsonCo-Ed Styles.andL.Infants' and Childrens' Complete OutfitsWhite and colored dresses for school and party wear. Aparticularly great line suitable for commencement and confirmation. Straw hats, bonnets, pongee, linen, pique andcloth coats, rain capes and rain coats, children's kimonasand underwear. The best evrin;,d Children's Departmentin this State.i t fijrra.--cn"Corylopsis."We have the exclusive sale of the"Corylopsis" toilet articles.VARDEN & SON, Sole Agents."fiermany" Kaiser is Now a Cub."Germany" Kaiser is now a Cub.By a deal consummated last week thehard-hitting outfielder was taken overby the Chicago management from theLouisville club.At the close of last season Kaiserwas drafted by Chicago and later released to Louisville. When he reported for spring training in the Falls Cityhe took the bit in his teeth and as arecruit showed marked ability in hitting and in the field.In or'ly ; short time it was very evidenc Manager Howard had him sineledout js a it gular man in the outfield.In j. gu.r.f n Loaisvillo a few weeksago his periormance made OwnerMurpny sit up and take notice. Thegame in Chicago last Sunday affordedChance and Murphy the opportunity tosee him again and they developed acraze to get him back. For "Germany" the Colonels are said to havereceived a cash consideration and acatcher.A sporting writer of Chicago says ofthe former Blue Grass Leaguer:"While he is notjan accurate fieldei,he is a fence-buster withthe bat and amarvelous base-runner.""Corylopsis."We have just received a full line ofthe "Corylopsis" toilet articles. Comeand get samples.VARDEN & SON, -Sole Agents.Bourbon Dogs at Lexington.The annual dog show, given by theLexington Kennel Club, is o ing heldthis week-and a number cf Bourboncounty dogs won, amorg thpm beingClay GaitskiU's fux hounds, High Balland High Order, second in their classand winners of a special cup for bestpair fox hounds. Ed Slattery had twosplendid fox hound bitches but onlytook third prize. Chas. E. Butler wonfirst in Collie puppie in class withLady Catherine and second with Seedly Rutnerford, also first with LodyCatherine in novice clas3 defeatingsome aged bitches and in this classSeedly Rutherford wen third.Geo. i. Bell won with his fine Iiishsetter, Ward, taking first in 'noviceclass and third in limit class. Mr.Bell also won the Bourbon CountyCup. defeating all the cogs enteredfrom Bourbon, including High Ball,High Order and John Malloney's fineball bitch which won second in herclass. The competition narrowed toBell's Ward and Butler's collie, LadyCatherine.Lady Black, a high-class Englishbull, owned by Miss Frances Champ,was not entered in the show, but wason exhibition with the Eberhardt Kennel.Our Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.wr m imB imH r mrcI The "House, of Quality" only car- Iries the very best in Solid Silver Im and we can give you anything JI from a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,Both Phones. MWAJ. U. Jones Wins No. 1271Have Stood The Test7ettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood .for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. IVPWillams,The Shoe Man.mf-WtLnEKK!T--sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 14, 1911.fflE BOURBON NEWS.Li&fifajtrkFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMEExcursion Sunday.The first excursion of the season toCincinnati will be jun Sunday, April!. instead of April 23, as was an-i.ounced.The Best.Use Clarke's Poultry Remedies.liStTen Per Cent Increase.Judge Denis Dundon has been notified by the State Board of aluation andAssessment that an increase has beenmade of ten per cent in the assessment of Bourbon county.ri!v is the Time.Now is the -time toGape Remedy for chicks.use Clarke's14 StBlackberry Jam.Pare Blackberry Jam, 12 centsperpoem.FEE'S.Easter Dance.The Ladies' Auixilary of the AncientOrder of HiberniEtis will fcive anEar dance on Monday evefinp,Apr : 17. at Elks' Hall. An admissiot.fee . f SI will be cliarjced.Clarke's PoultryRemedies.Use Clarke's LimberneckRemedy.andRoup14 8tWe Are &eadyto serve your every wantand furnishings fur Easter.in clothesJ. W. DAVIS &CO.Easter Sale.Th Junior Endea or Society of theCnristiau church will have an all dasale of Eacter edible? at the store ofMr. J. T. Hinton Saturday, pril 15Donations fjr the sale will be thankfully received.Easter Pumps.High grade velvet and suedepumpsami oxiords at bargain prices.DAN COHEN.The Great Clothes Dayof the year Easter. To are ready tomake you look and feel fit as a liddle.J. W. DAVIS CO.Meets With Serious Accident.Mr. Harry Hite, formerly of Paris,ho for several years has resided in( -ncinnati, met with a serious accidentrecently and may lose one of his feetas a result. Amputation of the injured member may be necessary. Mr.Hite is a brother of Mr. Ed. Hite.( hief of the Fire Department atAfat'sville and formerly connected withthe department in this citj.For Easter Dinner.Everything the market affords forEaster dinner in fresh vegetables.Either phone 37G.SAUER.Bryan is coming.Contracts for New Building.Mr. T. F. Brannon has let the ron-1tract for the erection of three framecottages on Brent street, in the old Jfair grounds addition. They will costabout $1,000 each.George B. M inter & Son have secured the contract fur the erection of ajjuuurii iivci-ri.u'ii culture mr lurs-. tisessie ucgers.to he constructed onher lot in East Paris. The new build-ing will cost approximately $2,800.Seed Corn.Caldwell's Pure Bred Boone countyhile Seed Corn. For sale byCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Both phones 14 28 GtCut Flowers.Place your order foi cut flowers with ILOGAN HOWARD.Prisoners Taken to Pen.Dan Anderson and Boone Hampton,both negroes, convicted at the Marchterm of the Bourbon Circuit Court,were taken to the Frankfort penitentiary Wednesday to begin their sentences. Tney were in charge of Deputy Sheriff W. F. Talhott. Andersonwas convicted on a charce of rape andwas given an indeterminate sentenceot irom to zU years, while Hamptonlor forgery was sentenced to from 2 to10 years. Will Kimbrough andSim Cooper, two colored boys now confined in the county jail, will he takento the reform school May 1.Fresh Strawberriks.Fresh strawberries today and tomorrow for Easter.SAUER.Bryan is coming.Fifteen Cents Rer Box.Genuine imported "Corylopsis" Talcat 15 cents per box.VARDEN & SON, Sole Agents.Storm Losses Being Settled.The heavy windstorm that sweptthis and adjoining counties last week,causing so much loss among the farmers, caught the Hurst Home Insurance Company, which is a Bourboncounty institution for about $5,000 inlosses. The losses are being adjustedand paid as rapidly as Mr. Hurst cang t to Jthem and they will soon besettle!. Ihe Hurst Home InsuranceCompany is one of the strongest business institutions in the state and byfar the largest farriers' company, having now over $4,000,000 business ontheir Dooks, and is deserving the confidence and high regard that is evidencfed by the farmers who patronize it.Bryan is coming.PERSONAIMENTION.Mrs. MatMe Hite, of Circinnati,is visiting relatives in this city.Mr?. I. L. Price has as her guesther motner, Mrs. S. Price, of Chicagc.flJiss Jessie Ilibler has as her guestMiss Tueresa llectanus.'of Louisville.Mr. David Peen. of Indianapolis,Ind., is visiting relatives in Bourbon.Miss Anita Moore.of Harrcdsburg,is the guest of Mrs. Charlton Alexander. Mrs. Earl Shropshire of Lexington, is the irnost nf Mis. Thornwell"iI iudiock.Mr. and Mrs. James Archdeacon,of Carlisle, visited relatives in thiscity Tuesday.Miss Edith Myall will return t:d vfrom a two weeks' visit to fiiends aiBryantsville.Mrs. 1. J. Spencer, of Lexington,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs.William B. Ardery.Mr. D. B. Carutt, of Frankfort,will arrive Sunday as the guest olMiss Hekn Moirison. je.w. - vfeMisses May and Lucy Colvill.- arespending the week ac Mis. Amos1'uiney's in the country.Elder Carey E. Morgan will arrive home tomorrow mm is tup oftwo wees through the East.Mrs. Tnornwell Tadlock gave afamily dining yesterday in honor ohtr tiste:. Mis Bient Ha.ey.Mrs. Ed Jouelt, of Wbchestr'.hasreturned boms ariei l visit to betdaughter. Mis. Withers Davis.-Mrs. Ida Stoner, of Mt. Sterling,was the guest of Mrs. W. W. Massiefor the Davis-LocLh&rt wedding.Dr. R. M. Shive. of Paris, at-tended the West Lexington Presbyteryin scaaiuii in vn..im..- ....- ..-...--Mrs. Jack Kutsell and Mrs. AliceBrown, of Winchester, are guests oiMrs. 'Frank Kiser on Houston avenue.Mrs. Lucy Simir.s and daughttr,Miss Lucy Simms, have leturned homeafter spending the winter in VJalifornia. Mr. and Mrs. Jos. M. Hall andM iss Martha Waller will leave thismorning for Martinsville, Ind., for aihort stay.Miss Eilleen Sun, of Macon, Ga,.will arrive Sunday to spend the summer with her aunt, Mrs. A. J. Fee, onPleasant street.Mr. and Mrs. Jesse French, olCynthiar.a, will move to Paris thisweek to take charge of the NationalFive and Ten Cnnt Store.The little daughter of Mr. andMrs. Sam Willis, of Winchester, is illof scarlet fever at the home ol mvs.j Harry Clay on Duncan avenue.Mr. W. S. Arnsparger, cashier ofthe Bank of Eton, Ga., arrived yesterday and is the guest of his parentsMr. and Mrs. C. Arnsparger for theEaster holidays.Mrs. Tandy Hughes, of Lexington, is conducting a dancing schoolmade ud of the young folks of Paris,in this city. The c'ass meets Saturdayafternoon in the Crosdale cafe.Prof. Bruce Reynolds, violinist,of Lexington, assisted by Mrs. Walterftleng and Mrs. Jonii Willie Jones,gave a concert at -North MidaietownChristian church Tuesday evening.Mrs. Charlotte Davis, Mr. BruceDavis, Misses Margaret and Joe Davis,of Lexington, were the guests of MissAnna Mav Davis for the Davis-Lock-hart wedding Wednesday evening,., T tj,4 ne Achinnri wn?lUCfc. tine ncau, a- d.nu..-i -the guest Sunday of her sister. Mrs.W M nifkQnn. and accompanied Mrs.Dickson to Richmond, where theywillvisit relatives.Mr.Frank" Daugherty' passedthrough Paris Wednesday and was thetruest for the day of his mother, Mrs.C. A. Daugherty. Mr. Daugherty wasenroute from Montgomery, Ala,, tohis home in Philadelphia.Z 'ri..l" T"ollo itmII loauA fnrCincinnati WedLesday where he will I Eureka Rug Cleanser.undergo an operation on his right pye I j. t. Hinton has secured the agencyat the private hospital of Dr. Robert 4 for the Eureka Imported Rug Cleanser.Sattler. Mr. Keller will be accom- See his ad on this page and dont' failpanied by Mrs. Keller and his father to try this wonderful article.Dr. Arthur Keller. t fMrs. F." W. shackleford, of Cin-1 A Hat for Every Head.cinnati. will arrive Sunday to spend," Exclusive styles from Knox andcouurai wpppks with her.brother, Mr.William Tlndlov. on Cypress BtreetMr. Shackleford is3ust recoveringwhich has ex-of about elevenfrom a severe illnesstended over a periodmontns.I Miss Corinne Collins entertainedat cards Tuesday evening in honor of! Mr. Rerrv Ratliff. of Carlisle, and hisLzuest. Mr. Bruce Anderson, nfAnnArbor, Mich. Mr. Uatlitt ana mr.Anderson, are students at Ann ArborUniversity and are spending theEaster holidays in Carlisle.Boys' Easter Suits.In our splendidly equipDeddenartment you'll find just theboys'rightclothes for your boy, $5 to $15.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Resolutions of Respect.Whereas, our Heavenly Father in hisinfinite wisdom has called from ourmidst Brother J. L. Gooch, who diedat St. Joseph Hospital. Lexington,Ky.. April 3, 1911. Be it theretore.Resolved. That we. Lis brotherEagles, desire to exprdss with heartfelt fetling the deep loss which thiaerie has sustained. In the death ofour brother Bourbon Aerie No 1781 haslost one of its cest 4and most faithfulmembers; the community in which heresided one of its most useful and respected citizens.Resolved, that we tpnder his devotedwife and loving child our deepest sympathy in this sad hour of their sorrow.Be it furtherResolved, that a copy of these resolutions be spread on the record nooksof this aerie and that a copy be sent tohis family and published in the localnewspaper.PEARCE PATON,GEO. DOYLE,O. P. CARTER, JR.Committee.McKernan Squad Arrives.McKernan and more than a dozen ofthe Bourbonite Colts came in Tuesdayan3 took up their headquarters at theFordham Hotel. Inclement weatherhas prevented them from engaging indaily practice. Wednesday afternoon,however, afforded the opportunity fcrthe men to engage in a light work-out.Ten pitchers are now en tne groundfor a trial. They are as follows:Brown, Schrauder, Timrr.ie, L. Woods,Woods, J. Barnett, Ilcuett, Hauser,HolLran, Ruplej.Only three of the pennant winningaggregation of last year have put intheir appearance. Barnett cams inabout two weeks ago and McKernanI arrived Tuesday and Maxwell driftedni Wednesday morning, bimon andEttinger are two new catchers herefor a trial and Meyer, who McKernanthinks will show a great deal ;of classbehind the bat is expected most anydav.Rapp, Harbaught, Lander and Goodwin were among those who arrived thefirst of the wtek, while Holleran, whohails from Newtown, came in yesterday. Fair Directors Hold Meeting.A meeting of the Directors ot theBourbon County Agricultural Societywas held recently and steps taken toward holding the meeting of tneSociety in this city in September.Tne meeting was presided over byPresident Jos. M. Hall with the follow ing directors present: R. B.Ilutchcraft, Geo. Rassenfoss, R. P.Hopkins, N. F. Brent. C. M. Thomas.Rjbt. Meteer, J. D. McClintock. F. P.Lowry, A. S. Thompson. V. W. Ferguson. C. Arnspnrger.By the unanimous vote of the Society's directors, Jos. M. Hall waselected president for the ensuing year,R. J. Neely, first vice president; W.G. T3lbatt, second vice piesident, C.A. Weber, secretaiy and C. Arnsparger, treasurer.T r- liiwl . .si 4 - ,Trtr rw1rr t 4 Vl fisilei-d h h' ' d SQcnrisfnnf-nrvsatisfactory last jear and the secretary was instiuctcd to communicatewith competent men to secure theirservices as judges.The question of changing the circular ring to that of an oblong ring wasraised and discussed but it was decidedi not to make any change this year.The catalogue committpe was instiucted to raise the premium list andmake a report at the next meetingwhich will be held on April 19. It wasdefinitely decided to hold a nightentertainment on the gounds duringthe week of the fair.See Page Eight.Read J. T. Ilinton's displaytisemeut. You will find muchterest in it.adverof in-Saloon License Remains $1,000.Bv the unanimous vote of the Board iof Council in regular session lastnight, the saloon licenses for the ensuing year were fixed at $1,000, beginning the first of May land payable intwo installments of 500 the first ofMay and $30u the first of August. Afull board was present and besides taking under consideration the license forthe ensuing Jyear the regular routinebusiness was transacted.Club Officers Elected.At a recent meeting of the Progressive Culture Club held in the ElksBuilding, officers of the Club for theensuing year were elected as follows:Preident, Mrs. Amos Turney: VicePresident, Mrs. J. W. Davis; SecondVic President, Mrs. Albert Hinton;Secretary, Miss Ollie Butler; Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. J. P. Hutchcraft ; Treasurer, Mrs. C. Arnsparger.Seed Sweet Potatoes.Genuine Strausburg seed swet potatoes, just received. Call early, theywill not last. Both phones.SAUERS' GROCERY.Easter Egg Hunt.The primary class of theMethodistSunday School will give an master egghunt Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock,in Mrs. James Bernaugh's yard opposite City School. Admission 10 cents.All friends cordially invited.Stetson, $J and $5J.W. DAVIS & CO.Boys' Clothing.Some clothing houses neglect theirboys' department, but Price & Co.have one of the best lines manufactured Xtragood boys' knickeroockersuits, they are extra good in tailoring,material, fit 'and style. They run inprice from $5 to $10, also a good lineat $2.25 .$2.50, $3, $3 50 and $4. Showing a nice line of boys' waists, shirts,hats and neckwear.You Can't Pass Upour line of clothps for Easter if youare looking for what's correct in style.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Bryan is coming.A Reliable Insurance.Among the many losers of propertyhy the storm of last week, the following parties had their insurance in theold reliahle Bourbon Cuunty company,the Hurst Home of JMillersburg:Hume Clay estate, $900; John L.Soper, S750 ; Robert Oldson, $500 ; andW. A. Thomason, S300. besides manysmall losses and damages to roofs, etc.They are being promptly looked afterand settled with. " It pays to insure inthis reliable company. It gives youmore protection for less money thanany other company and keeps yourmoney a1" home and in case of lossmakes quick and honorable settlements. O. H. COLLIER, Agent.Millersburg, Ky.FOR RENT.House of 7 rooms and.Sixth and High. Applyai. J.bath cornertoMURPHY.RELIGIOUS.Andrew Carnegie, the steel kinr,has signified his intention of donatingto the Methodi3t church of Georgetownhalf of the amount necessary to coverthe purchase of a pipe organ providedthe church can raise an equal .amount.The pipe organ under consideration isto cost $1,600.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inhis pulpit at the Christian church Sunday morning and evening at the usualhours.The Graded Union of Paris Sunday School Teachers will meet at theChritsian church Sunday afternoon at3 p. ni. There will be a general discussion of the lesson for April 23 andof other subjects relating to the Sunday school work and the teacher.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will deliver anaddress at thi3 mseting to which allare invited.Rev. J. M. Maxon will preach atthe Episcopal church this morning atten o'clock and afternoon at four. Services Sunday morning at 10:45 andafternoon at 4 o'clock.Easter services at the Prebsyterian church Sunday morning at 10:30o'clock. Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive willbe in his pulpit and his subject will beappropriate to the occasion. At thisservice the excellent choir will rendersome high-class music. At night theworship will be a praisj service vvhenthe choir will render an elaborate program of Eas'er rrusi". this will bea service attractive to all but especially to music lovers. There will be nopreaching at this service.Telephone Lines Completed.TelrjJ one confection along the L. &N. rail; cui ittvn Pans writ Maysville w..b cG''fl'ted 'juctoty afterthree wetkb' woik. This gives theroad the use of both telephone andtelegraph in case of accident 'ihemen in charge of Superintendent R.L. Crisler returned to Paris and wentto Richmond to begin work fatringingfour wires along the road connectingthat city with Paris and Covington-.The Genuine.Corylopsis Tic the genuine imported "Samuria" line, 15 cents.VAREN & SON, Sole AgentsWill Preach to Graduates.Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive. of Paris, willpreach a sermon to the graduatingclass of the Buchanan CollegiatpInstitute at Campbellsville on May 1G.lJrof. W. L. Dawson, formerly a member of the faculty of the Paris HighSchool, is now connected with theInstitute.EASTER CANDIES.Miss Holladay's famousHome - Made Candies forEaster, the candy that ismost popular.Annual Confederate Reunion.Extensive preparations are beingmade for the Confederate Veterans'i Reunion to be held at Little Rock,I Ark.. May 1C.-1S.A letter to the News from Mr.Durand Whipple, who is well-knownhere, having married Miss LizzetteDickson, daughter of Hon. and Mrs.E. M. Dickson, is prominent amongthose in charge of the entertainmentof the many visitors who are expected in Little Rock, and is Chairman ofthe Lodging and Eating Committee,other than those in the hotels, andhe will take pleasure in personallyseeiog that comfortable quarters areengaged for anyone contemplatingattending the reunion, if they willwrite direct to Mr. Whipple, WhippleBuilding, Little Rock. Ark.LOST.A cut-off valve for an automobile,between Fordham Hotel and Clintonville pike, or on High street. Returnto Kentuckian Citizen and receive reward 4 tfAppropriateFor Easter.have neverthe full beau-knownty otsacred songsuntil you have heardthem on the Victor.Come in and hear yourfavorite hymns sung bynoted soloists andfamous choirs.Victors, $io to 250.Terms to suit.We have several of thelatest Victrolas from $75 up.Call and see them.Daugherty BrosONE MINUTE,PLEASE !IIf you are in need of a Silk Dress, a WoolDress, or a dress of any sort, we have thematerial you are looking for, and the dresstrimmings to suit. We have made big preparations and can please you. Now is thetime to make your selections.When you are ready for your Lace Curtains or Draperies, bear in mind our stock isthe largest in Paris.Come take a look !mW. Ed.i3Hl&ffilm$$&Mmaem&iCutIf Jowl1' 1 0c pSugar CuredBfackfoerry jamPure Blackberry Jam, nothing finer made.Never sold for less than 20c lb. Our price.III l III 1 IWBMBI HiV- ?! $ 'S t ' '? ft? ?& fi' ft ?'bprmgtimeWe carry a complete assortment and bear -fa.in mind our prices areCurtain Stretchers,Mop Wringer Buckets,Feather Dusters,Ceiling Brooms,Mops, Scrub Brushes,Brooms, Dust Pans,4"As to Refrigerators and Ice Cream Freezers,we have the White Mountain; ' '?EnoughFORDParis, Ky.S-. .!-. .'i-. .!. .!-. 'I'. .'. .1. .'f k i b A A k b k .ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Sidney u. Llay as a candidate lor Kepre -sentative in the Legislature fromBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic party.STOP, LOOK, LISTEN!the Lexington Laundry and DryCleaning agent has located at Mitchell& Blakemore's. Both phones 190.Ordeis promptly attended to. Workcalled fcr and delivered.W. B. VIOLETT,11 r.t Faris Agent.FOUND.A rosary on Winchester street. Owner can have same by proving propertyand paying costs. Apply at this otrice.FOR RENTOffice room at residence, Pkasantstreet. Very desirable. Apply to.7 3t MRS. J. S. WALLINGFORD.FOR SALE,One bay mare 9 years old; goodworker and good driver. Apply to.tt E. M: WHEELER.tm1m9mTucker.i&a"IGash Specialsestr lbIt:IShoulders,12 c1 ?l j ! 1 $ & ?t t ! ViNecessities. Itzthe lowest:Tack Hammers,Tack Claws,Carpet and Matting Tacks jSilver Polish. -f ..y-Brass Polish,Liquid Veneer.Said.& CO.-4 j"i i i ifi i$i ifo fi ifo ifi ifi if i?FOR RENT.1 i our room house, large darn anaJ other outhouses, together with about, five acres of ground in the city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS,or GEO. RASSENFOSS24 tf1 The Metz jJ Automobile,I Simplest, most practical fand economical two-j passenger machine man-. AV.WlV.. WWUWV -$485.Sam'l Kerslake & Son.IeBANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank atccknrivately or publicly, place it with.I AUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY.j 14 men 3m E. T. phen 05K.u&..- .tftmmuMikmL, hjnV)immmmM$miiiu mi imp u, ..Mm mum ifliM immyqmr?fmTH BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,' APRIL. ,14, 1911.?tuaHIICharles a son Forsyth,- AUCTIONEER.Offers liis services to the people of"Bourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargechange made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five vears erperiencG.Orders left at Tim Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.BPfT:FTVn.-MirT H ,i Mill lid I TTrr nrrrTmrfMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.Term. 'Phone 716.TC.Fruit and ShadeTrees--StrawbersGIVING OUT.Tne Struggle Discourages ManyCitizen oi Paris.iAnnounce imm.ry riants.Asparagus, Blackberries, Raspberries, Roses, Khabarb, Etc.ATeI have locatpd in Paris fcr the purpose of conducting a generalCoritracfciogancSBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 123-2.W. C. HESTERWrite for Free Catalogue.Have no Agents.H. f . HfLLENMEYER & SONSLexington, Ky.- ' v . .?Hot and ColdBATHHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are net.M. A. KAHAL.Around all day with an achingback;Can't rest at night;Enough to make any one ''giveout."Doan's Kidney Pills will give renewed life.They will cure the backache ;Strengthen the kidneys.Here is convincing proof that thhis so:R. Iv. Curtis, Chestnut street. Carlisle, Ky., says; "Whenever I .hearanyone complaining of kidney troubleI advise the use of Doan's KidneyPills, as I know this remedy to be oneof great curative power. My occupation requires a great deal of stoopingand I know that this was the causeof my kidney trouble. My back became so sore across my kidneys thatat times I was quite unfit for work.The kidney secretions were also irregular in passage and caused meadded annoyance. About two yearssto T hfifran usiner Doan's KidnevPills and they soon brought me relief.Recently I again had occasion to useDoan's Kidney Pills and I receivedjust as great benefit as before."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.)s;Harrows,Corn Planters,Cultivators.Vulcan Plows,McCorarick andB. H. Disk Harrows,mSSaLaiLWRacine, Sattley and JaynesvilCorn Planters.The Brinly Leverless andAvery CultivatorS1P1The Secret. of YouthDo you ever wonder how ycu can remain young, orwhy other women older than you, look younger than you do?The secret can be put in a few words: Preserveyour health, and you will preserve your youth."By "health" we mean not alone physical health, butnerve health, as, sometimes, magnificently strong-lookingwomen are nervous wrecks.But 'whether you are weak physically or nervously,you need a tonic, and the best tonic for you is Cardui.It builds strength for the physical and nervous systems.It helos put flesh on your bones and vitality into your nerves.Granted a New Trial.Dr. B. Clark Hyde, of Kansas City,who was convicted and sentenced to alife term in the penitentiary on July!5. 1910 for the murder of Cnl. Thomas' H. Swonp. the nhilarithropist formerlycf Woodford county, was Tuesday'granted a new trial by the S upremeCouii of Misouri.Gives Aid to Strikers.Sometimes liver, kidneys and bow' els soem to go on a sti ike and retuseJ to work right. Then you need thosepleasant little strike-breakers Dr.1 King's New Life Pills to give themnatural aid and gently compel action,Excellent health soon follows. Tryi them. 2oc at Oberdorfer's.Are First Class Implements and For Sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts,, Paris, Ky.' mJ5asm sTonic7vlrs. Z. L. Adcock, of Smithold and is passing through the"My mother," writesville, Tenn., "is 44 yearschange of life."She was irregular and bloated and suffered terribly.My father stepped over to the store and got her a bottleof Cardui; which she took according to directions and nowshe is up, able to do her housework and says she feelslike a new woman." Try Cardui in your own case.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,toe Special Instructions, and G4-page book, "Konc treatment lor women," sent tree.mH: mass, mrTzr r.i2iWsT. .iW- rJZiO-.Xv.-iJi!-i'HaMM-Ui!lORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality dhlvujuidics our Monuments from all outers, while prices are.reasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Mams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.99 SN n. ... -mjj t mAwm fiiiiioiiiiwiiiitiiiii.58We wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Beujamine'sFine Suits range in prices from$20 to $35Exuals the finest tailor made.Twin BrosLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.Night Rider Trial Cost State$4,694.It cost the State of Kentucky morthan $4, DUO and Christian county nearly SGOO to try only one of the chargesof night riding against Dr. David A.A moss, ftvhojn a jury reqently pronounced not guilty. The attorneyfees and Gther expenses incurred by iboth sides in the famous case aggregate additional thousands.Circuit Clerk Radford has completedthe listing of the costs and the total isS4.C94. Included in this amount is thebill for stenography, which is 580.The witness fees in the case are$734. GO.There are two other indictmentsagainst Dr. A moss, and three indictments each auainst Dunning, Malone,Nichols, Robinson and Glass. 'Old Solid Silver Relics.I Colonel and Mrs. John CunninghamI have hanging un the walls of their(colonial Rcsedale home near Escon-i r . 1.-1 ?t I 1 1 suiua, ivy., a sona suver nanuie swora,which cost $60 in gold in Philadelphia.It has a leather scabbard with threesolid silver bands. It was once ownedand used in "The Whisky Rebellion"in 1790 by Major Robert Cunningham,who commanded a battallion ot -500men in the Pennsylvania war. Thishandsome sword was nresented to Col.John Cunningham by his grandmother,Mrs. Mary Robinson Cunningham, deceased, who resided in Virginia at thattime, on the South branch of the Potomac. He removed to Kentucky in 1795and settled on Strodes Creek, in Clarkcounty, five joilea from Winchester.The Daughters of the AmericanRevolution and the Colonial Dames ofKentucky were advertising for allsolid silverware owned by Kentuckypeople before 1825. Col. and Mrs. JohnCunningham have a Centennial silvercup at their home, a premium solidsilver cup, which belonged to littleJohn Estill Cunnnigham. a great-greatgrandsun of the noted Captain JamesEstill, of Kentucky fame, a handsomebright andlinteresting boy nine monthsold, who died ;at Villa Estille, Richmond, Ky., January 21,1887. This cupwas given to him by his 'grandmother,Mrs. Mary Bean Cunningham, deceased, wife of Senator Jon Cunningham,Sr., dec ased.of Bourbon county, Kentucky. This trophy was owned byMayor Robert Cunningham, deceased,his great-grandfather, and was takenby him as a premium on fPatton's OldBull at the fair at Hornback's Mill, onthe Winchester pike, in Bourbon county, Kentucky, in 1810.Curtis & OverbyJgBARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford3 Olialrs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage RespectfullymmwwmmmwmmwmwmtS? &&2E&&&E&2SSi&B&S$&Et9&&m-" 1 A 3ooucuea.Curtis & Overby.SPRING SPECIALSm&5M5281YardiH&SOHLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.DruggistHKLadies will do well to remember when shoppingour Drygoods and Ready-to-Wear Millinery andShoe Department. Wo have for your inspection afashionable display ofSggLadies' and Misses' Suite,Skirts,Dresses,Waists.Silk Petticoats,Muslin Underwear,Slippers,Millinery,Drygoods,Dress Goods,Silks,White Goods,Laces,Trimmfr'E-,.'iLi.'0!deries,.klaxons, Etc.We .are always pleased to have you call and seeour handsome Spring selection.&MXmTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One -Paris, KentuckyCor. 7th and MainrCHARLES W. HECK.SUCCESSORS TOH0LLIBAY dc SETTLE"IIGarriaoe and Repair shod at Paris, Ko.;Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. ItV a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Ciacimaatt, Okio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.V.Invites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.JiEverybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber M'f 9q Company,IncorporatedPARIS, KY.Yard at Office,15 th and Main Sts.Home Phone 12; E. T. 530MWMHWINiiNA5vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,, KENTUCKY, APRIL 14, 1911,modern ana Up-toDateDenial Parlors,llteto Street, Paris, Kentucky,PARLORS OVER VARDEN'SDRUG STOREI invite you and your friends to visitmy parlors and nave your teeth examined free of charge. Will tell, youjust what your work will cost, andcan assure you prompt and courteoustreatment at all times. I use the bestof 'material and do all my own work.Ask yonr neighbor about me, I havedone work for some of them, as Ihave practiced here for over fouryears."In order to increase mv businessand introduce my PAINLESS METHODS into every house in Pavis andsurrounding country, I will, for alimited time, make the followingprices:Examination IrceExtracting HOcCleaning $l.O0Gold Fillings, from $1.00 to. . . . 3,00Silver Fillings, from EOc to2.00Full Set of Teeth (to Fit)Gold Crown (22 X)Porcelain CrownsBridge "WorkAbove Prices Are For CashAll Wcrk Guiranteed.Only.OFFICE hours:S a. m. to G p. m. Sundays 9 to 12.DR. J. M. LACOCKOffice over Varden's Drug Store.Cut this ad. out and bring it withyou and get advantage of aboveprices, and have work done by anexperienced dentist.I WANT WORK !CM. TURNER,CONTRACTORPainting, Grainingand PaperHanging.All work neatly done and guaranteed. Address,863 West Street, Paris, Ky.Reference Dr. A. H. Keller, Thos.Kiser.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, April 16, '11.BASE BALL .Cincinnativs.St. Louis.Fare $1.50 Bound Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS. Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.Auction Sale-OF-WHISKYIn sccordance with the provisions ofSection 4778 of the Kentucky Statutes,the G. G., White Company will,onTuesday, April 25th, 1911,sell a t public auction on the premisesof the G. G. White Company Distillery, Paris, Bourbon county, Kentucky, the following described whisky,or so much of it as may be necessarythe liens thereon and the expenses olthe sale :Five (5) barrels of Chicken Coclliourbon whisky, serials 42829 to 42833inclusive, produced in February, 1902,at the G. G. White Company, Distillery No. 14, Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky. Amount to be realized$252.71 and expenses of the sale andcoat of advertising:. Owner unknown.Warehouse chargea are in defaultfor more than one year. For furtheiinformation inquire of .O. P. CARTER, JR..Superintendent.TtSw Paria. Ky.$5GBTBBBHlCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30.Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that, cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the par atyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its -forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.s&One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Davey Tree Expert Co.,Kent, Ohio.Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Trpe Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER.406 Pleasant street.Home phone 254. ;; Paris. Ky.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of All Kinds.We Make a Specialty ofHauling Tobacco.Up-to-Date Livery, Sale andFeed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights Ac.A nrnnn ennrllnir a nlrotrh HTld dOSCrintiOTI maTQuickly ascertain our opinion free whether anInvention is probably patentable. Communlcations strictly confidential. HANDBOOK on PatentsEcnt free. Oldest apency for securing patents.Patents taken throuch Jiunn & Co. receivespecial notice, without charge, inthoScientific American.A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Tersest irculatiou of any Bcicntltlc Journal. Terms, f 3 ayear: four months, f L Sold by all newsdealers.MUNN & Co.36"""- New YorkBranch Office. G25 F Bt, Washington. D. CSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSTALLIONS ADVERTISED.Attention is directed to the following stallions advertised on anotherpage of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon Norab, 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Hinkgon Black Prince.Sterling Hinkaon Burley.JACKS. 'Charlton Clay Tom Mack.(k:fc-'' - -!i1IjTjnjraA CONVINCINGARGUMENTBy ELIZABETH WEEDCopyright by American Press Association. 1911.Walter Dixon was graduated withthe highest honors and, having shownremarkable promise in a literary way,was sent abroad to study the literatureof different countries, then given thechair of that department in his almamater. But "Walter was a delicate fellow, and his physicians told him thatif he cared to remain on earth hewould better lind some occupation totake him out of doors. Walter tookthe hint and set himself up for an advertising broker.One morning he stepped into thestore of John Hobson & Co., Importersof foreign fruits, etc., presented hiscard to the senior member of the Armand asked for patronage."Young man," said Mr. Hobson, whowas uneducated, "I'm agin advertising. There's so many advertisementsthat there isn't anybody reads 'em.""If people didn't read them, Mr.Hobson, the periodicals and newspapers would have to close up.""I say people don't read 'em, andthat's all there is about it I'm busy;get out o' here.""I see, Mr. Hobson, that I can't doany business with you without firstproving to you the value of what Ihave to sell. I will give you an advertisement free for that purpose.Kindly mention the name of some article you have for sale.""Oh, take our preserved ginger andlet me alone. I've more importantwork on hand than staving off solicitors." Several days later Mr. Hobson noticed that his mail was much larger thanusual. The first letter he opened contained an advertisement cut from anewspaper of Hobson's prepared gin-fror. Mr. riobson first read the letterinclosing it:Dear Sir I would call your attention totho fact that ginger does not grow ontrees, especially in northern climates. Itis a root and is indigenous to tropicalcountries. Yours respectfully,MARIA L. WILBUR.Principal of tho High School.Mr. nobson glanced at the ad. withsurprise and vexation. It read as follows: Our ginger Is growed especially for usin Norway, picked from the trees andcured on the spot. Thero ain't no ingreriiontci in it that would hurt a baby. It'sall carefully peeled and putto soak Invinegar, after which it'sboiled In lemonJulco and put into jars.In this way wogit a flavor that thereain't no discounton.Mr. Hobson colored and his eye fired,ne opened another letter:Dear Sir I have read your ad. and begleave to call your attention to the factthat thero is no "peel" on ginger. Your3truly, MARGARET ASHLEY,Of the Blakely Cooking School.Other letters were as follows:That ad. of yours is a corker. I don'tknow anything about ginger, whether itIs from a Norway or a South Americantree; but. having a thorough knowledgeof the English language, I should like towrit your ads. for you.In tho inclosed advertisement you haveused the word "growed" incorrectly. Itshould bo "grown."This ad. is ridiculous. You might aswell try to get walrus fat out of tho Caribbean sea as to try for ginger in Norway. Mr. Hobson had opened and throwninto the wastebasket a hundred lettersfrom lawyers, doctors, housewives,merchants Indeed, all sorts of personsand was about to get at his dailywork when the postman came in andunloaded another bundle. And suchwas the case whenever a batch of mailwas delivered. Mr. Hobson was obliged to open the letters lest he shouldthrow into the wastebasket somethingof importance. The next- day therewere but two or three comments on thead. and the day following none.On the third day Dixon appeared.Mr. Hobson faced him and said:"What do you mean by disgracingmy business by putting in that ad.about my preserved ginger? Only anignoramus would have said what youdid.""The question is not as to the writing of the ad. I don't pretend toknow anything about ginger. I wishedto prove to you that ads. are read.""Young man, I'm convinced that people do read ads. But I'd like to knowwhere you got your learning.""I'm a college graduate.""Well, all I've got to say Is thatthey'd better burn down the collegewhere you graduated. A college graduate as don't know any more than youabout ginger and how to write -commonlanguage had better put his headto soak.""If you are convinced that advertisements are generally read and will giveme an order you can write the nextad. yourself.""You bet I'll write It myself. I don'twant no more such wrong informationand bad writin' about my goods. Setdown there a few minutes and 111 talkto you.-Dixon "set" awhile, but it paid him.He left the store with a thousand dollar order for advertisements. AndHobson was convinced from the sudden dropping off of the letters he hadreceived about the test ad. that advertisements must be repeated to be ofvalue. The order was continuous.The business thus gained proved thefoundation for a large clientele thatwas very profitable to Dixon. Constantly out In the air he grew ruggedand well to do at tho same time. Theingenuity be displayed In getting Hobon & Co.'s business was developed inother directions, so that it was notlong before be had nil be could attendlo. Finally having established his1 health he gave up his calling and re-1 Kumea bis cnair at tne university.3VEHsT:For tender face and neck aftershaving, for pimples, black heads,dandruff or any skin or scalp diseaseuse ZEMO and ZEMO SOAP.ZEMO is guaranteed to relieve allsoreness and itching. The soap is partof the treatment best for all toiletpurposes.Sold by druggists everywhere andin Paris by W. T. Brooks.Stung.Peter Piper had picked A Peck ofPickled Peppers. The bell rang. "APeck of Pickled Peppers distanced atthe post!" shouted the announcerthrough his megaphone. Peter Pipertore his hair. "Never again!" hecried, meaning that he meant to dallywith the ponies no more forever.Puck.The Difference.Man gives from principle; womanfrom sympathy. John Pulsford.Its Equal Don't Exist.No one has ever made a salve, ointment or balm to compare with Bucklen's Arnica Salve. It's the one perfect healer of cuts, corns, burns, bruises, sores, scalds, boils.ulcers, eczemasalt rheum. For sore eyes, cold sores,chapped hands or sprains its supreme.Unrivaled for Piles. Try it. Only 2ocat Oberdorfer's.And There You Are.A New York man who was unable tosign his own name left a million. ButIf he had had an education he mighthave left a billion. And then again hemight not.Averts Awful Tragedy.Timely advice given Mrs. C. Willoughby, of Marengo, Wis., (R.No.l)prevented a dreadful Tragedy andsaved two lives. Doctors had saidher frightful cough was a "consumption" cough and could do little to helpher. After many remedies failed, heraunt urged her to takeDr.King's NewDiscovery. "I have been using it forsome time," she wrote, "and the awful cough has almost gone. It alsosaved my little boy when taken witha severe bronchial trouble." Thismatchless medicine has no equal forthroat and lung troubles. Price 50cand SI. ' Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Are Dead Ones.Red letter days now become, to allIntents and purposes, dead-letter days.Lamb.Do Ghosts Haunt Swnmps?No, never. Its foolish to fear a fancied evil, when there are real anddeadly perils to guard against inswamps and marshes, bayous, andlowlands. These are the malariagerms that cause ague, chills and fever, weakness, aches in the bonesand muscles and may induce deadlytyphoid. But Electric Bitters destroys and casts out these viciousI germs from the blood." Three bottlesj drove all the malaria from my system," wrote Wm. Fretwell, of Lucama, N. C, "and I've had fine health' ever since." Use this safe, sure rem! ed v only. 50c at Oberdorfer's.The Hidden Reason.There is always somethingkeeps some women from strikingstride.thattholrBeware of Ointments for Catarrhthat Contain Mercury.as mercury will certainly destroy thesense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering it through the mucous surfaces.Such articles should never be usedexcept on prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage theywill do is ten fold to the good you canpossibly derive from them. Hall'sCatarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.Cheney &Co., Toledo, O., containsno mercury, and is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the system. Inbuying Hall's Catarrh Cure, be sureyou get the genuine. It is taken internally and made in Toledo, O., byF. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonialsfree.Sold by druggists' 7oc per bottle.Take Hall's Family Pills for coustipation. A. 50-cent bottle ofScott's Emulsiongiven in half-teaspooncloses four times a day,nixed in its bottle, willkst a year-old baby nearly a month, and four bottles over three months,and will make the babystrong and well and willlay the foundation for ahealthy, robust boy orgirl.FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend lCc, name of paper and this ad. forour.beautiful Savings Bank and Child's Sketch.Bock. Each bank contain a Good LuckPenny.SCCTT & BOWNE, 4M rWSr H. YGOOD LIVERWhen 3'ou suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating, ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle.Thousands of people first learnedTOM MACKThe Premium Jack.Fine t!ack jack, 16 hands high, largebone, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Mack will make the seascn of1911 at Marchmont Stock Farmon theWinchester Dike, 2 miles east of Paris,at$10 ior Mares and $15 for JennetsLien retained on colt until seasonmoney is paid Mares kept at $3 psrmonth or ten cents per day on jrra.-s.Not responsible i'or accidents cr es-CHARLTON A. CLAY,E. T. Phone 57,R. F. D. No. 2, Paii, KyHWBg18ttlimWwaia'WoodlandHeadquarters for Draff Horses.BLACK PRINCENo. 48.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will make the season of 1911 at Woodlawn Stock EarmAbou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING -HINKSOIN,!Lair, Ky."fir LOCANDA 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion. Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:09 j". champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of BIcKinney2:11)4. He holds the record for one and one-half mile3, 3:15; waa thechampion racing stallion of 190J-1905; three-year-old record 2:16; foar-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record 2:05;seven-year-old record 2:03; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50EOR ANORAB 369 1 5, Trial 2. 1 ft, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (dam.of Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Fori (3) 2:09) by Grand Sentinel$15 EOR A LIVING EOAL- W. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, Kentuckyi-T 11 1 "Baldwin r"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will 'want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersand'dealers.ftI BaldwiuPaokiug Co.Paris, Kentucky.IREMEDY FREEof thisrernarkable cure for stomact,liver and bowel troubles irottfh afree sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly ofPlainview, 111., sent for one and itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, thePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for all the family froaxinfancy to old age, because it is miM,free from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or money willbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, 111.THE SADDLE STALLION,9153 hands high, heavy m3ire and tail,will make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and Noi;thMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living Colt.BEN D'OR is by McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and ethers.First dam, Nacy, by Lovely, he byLedger; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colts until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents orescapes.T. B. STITH.It. F. D. No. 1, Paris, Ky.Stock FarmBURLEYBlack PercheronWt. 1760$1 5 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both upon the farm and in the cities. They canstand more work than the general run.of horses. Burley is 73ears old, a beautiful black. He is well-formed and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select oneI whose produce commands best price.LIVING EOALn1CacKin:o.,IIl.VTHE BOURBON i NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL i4, 1911.some days ago to attend the funeral of Bradley Bill for Clarke MemorialMr. Carlton Miller. , Senator Wm Q Brad,ey of Ken.Nicholas Officials After Violotors. The quiet little local option town ofCarlisle is up in arms against the violators of the lecal option laws andWednesday a decided surprise .wassprung when fourteen warrants wereissued and placed in the hands of theofficers for a number of persons charging them with selling liquor in localoption territory. The warrants rpsulted from La court of inquiry neld byJudge 'James E. Plummer. Bootleggers and blind tigers are said to berampant in Carlisle and the officialsare making a determined effort tobreak up the illegal practices.We can put new tires on your baby tucky, will introduce inlConrgess a billROYALBAKING POWDERAhs&iuty PareMAKES HOHE BAKING EASYcarriages.2tappropriating $200,000 for a monumentto General .Ueroge Rogers Clarke inLouisville or vicinity.Hair Goods,JOE W. MOCK.I Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Endicott will. spend the Easter holidays with her1 sister, Mrs. M. D. Hurst,at Elizaville.! Mr. George Howard and family moved Tuesday from the Miller flat to hisresidence just completed in Judyville.FOUND.The firm of Curtis & Overby has secured the agency for a Columbus firmfor toupees, wis and hair goods of alldescriptions. The prices on wigs andOn streets of Paris pair of steelframe spectacles. Owner can get sameat News office by paying charges andproving property.at,wm;, Tvlnr returned Mnnrfo toupees range from $15 up. 10 tfafter a two weeks visit to her sister,Mrs. S. H. Creizhton. at Indiananolia.A.,..,....... J .j. --- VT..UUJ .M"" 1 MMW MjInd. flAtshtik BiseiiitDelicious CakeDainty PasMesFine PuddingsFlaky Crustsand fee food is f ineF9mare tasty, cleanlyand wliolesoisie than Sie readymade oiradl at &e skop op groceryRvyzS Cock BockSDO Roccfpt3FrcojSend i'aTJC sxel AddressQ I ROYAL BAK'.NG POWDER CO., NEW YORK.iMisses Ruth and Lois Ardery, offTunfhinnn will nrrivH Snhirrinv tn ho Ithe guests'of Miss Ethel Collins untilMonday.Mesdames F. B. Ingles and W. G.Leer will spend the Easter holidays jwith Mr. and Mrs. Reese Clarke, at!May slick. iTho Easter services at the Methodist church Sunday will consist of special music by the choir and sermon bythe p3stor. No services at night.rT.T.HINTONOur Vacuum Clpaners are now readyfor spring house cleaning. Make yourengagement early.11 3t MILLER & BEST.Mrs. Bascom, stepmother of Mr. S.C Bacsom died at her home atOwingsville. Monday. The remainswere interred Wednesday.Strawberries and all the fresh vegetables in the market for your Easterdinner. Make your orders early.11 2c LOUIS VIMONT.Mr. J. K. Allen and Mr. Franklin,of Winchester, were guests Mondayand Tuesday of Messrs. G. S. and S.R. Allen, brothers of Mr. Allen.Mr. M. P.. Collier, WorshipfulMaster pro tern of Amity Lodge conf erred the Fellowcraft on Captain G.M. Russnll of the M. M. I., Tuesdaynight at regular meeting.Deatons Urge Arrest of AnseWhite.MILLERSSURG ITEMS.Poriioin TTrt ti... T7".n. rM r-iv4, ... fciw.,.,. : -:. ,.: : bwiit s premium.uc isiti "Ui.ua.yo in viiiimiut.i. , r.10a. ;,,, 41, !,,.,. ,, f,, mn.i.nfjuci uamii, uiiw uut uu uu; iiiuni:tprogram has been prepared for bothservices. The sermon will be preached by the pastoi. Elder F. W. Troy.hams and break-Use Clarke's Poultry Remedies'Sold by Clrk & Co , Paris. 14-StMr. J. G. S medley was in Cincinnation business Wednesday and Thursday.There will be special Easter services at the Christian church Sundaymcrning and evening. A good musical11 2tLOUIS VIMONT.Relatives of Jason Deaton, who wasshot and killed by Anse White, Sunday, have demanded the arrest ofWhite. The Sheriff sent two deputies.Thtmas Deaton, father of the manwho was killed, is a deputy sheriff,T , but preferred not to make the arrestHfntnn himself, because of the bitter feelingsexisting between his family andWhite's. The report sent out fromDr. W. M. Miller and little son. W. Jackson that Anse While was deadM., Jr., returned Tuesday from At- was untrue. He is wounded in the kgisnta, Ga., where they were called and expected tp recover speedily.Miss Carrie Peedwith her cousin, Mrs.at Paris.spentAlbertmmt tor mmfor one week; this Sanitary Couch, without pad,w9 UBaC?vJaJust as good as you pay$4.50 for.You would give $10 for a$20 gold piece, would'ntyou? Well; that is exactlywhat you get in value whenyou buy your wall decorations here. All work guaranteed, too.The highest ideals inA8Artistic1aaatmare -represented in my stockand the most competent Interior Decorators in Kentucky are employed.Agent for the Globe-Wernicte Sectional BoolCnses."PECbAL. FOli OfOAoii men namnfi qRugs for 3LiSuitable for doorways, in front of dressers and wash stands, bathrooms, and especially adapted to use to protect clothes while siftingin swings or on porches.-a rtcran?i uz aima ctacsaMXBswxLmt TmpTirrtni TrrryrvrShowTremendous Line of Porcli and Lawn furnitureYou find wonderful valueshere inAt the head of the list isthe justly celebratedover 4')0 of which are in usein Court on county. Theyare cork lined. Approvedby Uncle Sam. This Refrigerator pays for itself "inice saving.i''V, k Il di 3 .t:mi ku ' m) Sl tW II Wm Iran tFttuP1" m, If"1! Jl IsHKkr . ma' m aw ni &-. tS sc v a mif Jm toe Jublic Jiy& 5 iMiItt We Are Specialists in Pleasing. 3 I l:MipnW We make a specialty of pleasing every customer perfectly. We carry SL Sir -vBCL properly. Our new Spring styles are all up-to-date and snappy. We are -0 Qf ttSBSitSttBmsure to satisfy you. Mlff 1 O SHIm U (!'V, ' This Cut Represents jtijS I I iJ&dP; Jrf T a Spring Model in Tan and Ap pipl;iiiJfe kt Black Leathers mil aMnoviMtaiBt " J T . M I I H UJJI M-l J 'IT. I 'I ! I "I -L' " "I See Hj Line of Hammocks. ! Sove You Money. Big LineThe wonderful valuesam able to quote you inKITCHENCABINETSare sure to arrest your at-itention and arouse your admiration. TheJAPis. the best Kitchen Cabinetmade. If there were a better it would be found on mjfloor.S8 to S40.WHY PAY TWO PRICES:$ 1 2.75 $ 1 2,75A TREATawaits you when you visit myBRASS BEDDEPARTMENT.A bed just like cut in eitherSatin or Bright Finish,A big stock of other patterns.Special Easter Sale.One thousand pair s of high-grae Spring Shoes and Oxfords for Men,Women and Children. All the newest models in Velvets, Suede, Gun Metal andPatent leather, at prices less than the cost of manufacture.Come to us for your Easter Footwear and save money.iHfor Stearns and Poster felt Mattresses.DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNYou are urgently urged topay a visit to theCurtain DepartmentYou see Lace Curtains there youdon't 'find elsewhere and atirresistible prices. Come in andsee the new ideas.7S CENTS UP.m " aw-f - ...... i.-...TO,....... M , n rTDining Tables $ 4.50 to $75.00China Closets 1 7.50 to 1 00.00Go-Carts .. 2.50 to 15.00Stand Tables. 1 .00 to 50.00Chiffoniers... 7.50 to 125.009x 1 2 Rugs . . . 3.50 to 50.00Davenports . . . 25.00 to 90.00Hat Racks ... - 5.00 to 65.00IILargest Line Mattings ever Shown in Paris.J. T. HINTON.FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBSLMERS. AMBULANCE. FUMIGATINGTELEPHONES: T)av Phone. Store Sfi. Nicht atkI Simdnv PJinnes W- f T?5nl, ;- - -f --C3 . ,J .w..ww, .. v. .M.X,i,JXJj XO.1aence, do; j. t. nmton, .Kesiaence, zz; j. i5v uempsy, nome rnone, z&5.i fe, B3l a u. 1 yu vant the cheaperyF4rSJ ? kl"nd can snou" yu " SIOKS fnHHoSiKll i &i &m... ma ' ik' ..V V,jr i . 5. aI M -1 4 S7.30 UP. Ii if) f iff 1res i a9r."a.