NEWSvSti .rA- ,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.HVOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1911.NUMBER 39THEBOURBON1Insure with W. O. liinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfiiLogan Howard,Fd. Tipton Buys Trotting Track.All papers in the deal involving thesale of the famous Lexington trottingtrack, the property of the KentuckyTrotting Horse Breeders' Association,to Edward Tipton, of the New Yorkfirm of Fasig & Tipton, were signedFriday. The deal involves eighty-fivethousand dollars, and Mr. Tipton announced he will cpenrt twenty-fivethousand dollars on improvements onthe track. The track is one milearound.At the meeting of the directors ofthe association in June Mr. i'ipton willbe elected president.Mr. Tipton is a native of this cityand formerly served as secretary ofthe Trotting Assuciatiun. Later hewent to jNevv York and became a member of the firm of Fasig & Tipton.The majority of the stock was heldfor many years by the Stoll familyof Lexington.Staple and Fancy Groceries, iMain Street, 'Will give you one dollar'sworth (1 0) of S. & H. Green,Trading StampsEXTRA Four room house, large barn andr . . other outhouses, together with aboutfor tillS COUpon, besides thOSe five acres of ground in the city limits..... i ..,:n, ...k. f.ppiytoyuu t:i tyiui a juiciiaat ui50c or more.FOR RENT.Both Phones 179.i.'WVS V r s-r ViWi I24 tfT. P. WOODS,or GEO. RASSENFOSSBANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 mch 3m E. T. phone G5G.f QUALITY ANDiQUANTITY $WWfafafafafaThe hard times and high prices are over. Buy fromus and you will spend less and eat more than youcould a year ago.wfafafafaifafafafaStandard Granulated Sugar, 19 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12White Bacon, per pound :, 10Country Bacon, per pound . . ' 14Sliced English Cured Bacon, per pound 20Sliced Breakfast Bacon, per pound 24Small Hams, per pound tt-. : . .12 1-2Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch. 3 boxes 103-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans . ix '.&. : .25California Table Peaches, 2 cans 35Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Navy Beans, 3 quarts 25Prunes, per pond 10Fancy Apricots, evaporated, per pound 15Rolled Oats, 2 boxes 15New York Cream Cheese, per pound 20Standard Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55wfftThe Grocery Store of Quality.- - " ' - -" !Both Phones 234tidt . .............-n.!;.:fiS Both Phones 234 Wsmzs: -rm cccz .. cMS77 - sv7.-r ccc? - CT-u. xS-55 -P-i I n5 C5Sf-rl- ClI VH-S VIJ"Jtigh-Jrt" Ouit.Eighty-five per cent, of the style of a garment is contributed by the tailoring fifteenper cent, comes from the designing.FACT!Wiagp1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standanl.4 Linen canvas stays, coldwater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.6 All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttons shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps."S Edging silk st titchedbyhand.0 Every tailor a ''benchbred" custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines, noskimping or schamping.When you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the "air" and the wear that come from thefinest materials procurably right through and time-takinghand tailoring all through f 18 to $32 50,Price & Co.,Clothiers.au al iah -w ihiMr yw Vlft"i'yyfeyWter?iyteNs WP B" r wE. J. Myall Suicides.Fearing to face the charge of emhezzlempnt. mhinh he knew would bebrought against him as a result of theexamination of his books by a btateiBank Examiner, Edward J. Myall,assistant cashier of the Citizens' Bankof Paris, committed suicide Fridaysome time after noon by shooting him' self through the head .with a 82 calibrerevolver and when his body was foundseveral hours afterwards it was colaand stiff.J Developments since the tragedyoccurred give rise to the opinion thatthe bank official took his life to avoidthe exposure that was imimnent.Mr. Mvall left the bank Friday about. 11 :30 ostensibly to go for the mail and( lunch at Crosdale's cafe and was notseen again until ins noay was iouna ulhis home about 9 o'clock cold in deathwith a revuvler by his side.His custom was to return at 12:30o'clock in order that Mr. Wm. Myall,cashier of the bank, may go to his dinner. When he did not return he became uneasy and made inquiry of several persons, none of whom had seenhim.The afternoon passed and as he didnot return and had not been seen abouttown a search was made early Fridayevening, Mr. Wm. Myall going to hishome in company with Mr. BruceMiller. The house was locked andthev cained an entrance by cuttingtwo slats from the porch, door in therear of the house. After searchingall the rooms except the kitchen theystarttd to leave. Mr. Miller suggested they go to the kitchen, where liewas found. He had laid down upon abed quilt and then shot himself. Hishead lay in a pool of blood and bishands were crossed upon his breast.No bne in the neighborhood heardthe shot fired or had any knowledgeof the suicide until Mr. Myall and Mr.Miller made the discovery. At thattime no cause for the tragedy couldhe assigned other than that he wassuffering with pen paralysis.Frida Mr. W. F. Hurt, of Lexington, State Bank Eaximner, appointedby Secretary of State Ben L. Bruner,arrived in Paris to make an examination of the Citizens' Bank, under thenew regulations ;estabilshed for Statebanks, the first that had been made.It is said at the time Mr. Myall leftthe bank he invited Mr. Hurt to accompany him to lunch, but the lattercontinued at his work.; Mr. Myall's tragic death by his ownhand under such circumstances, witha bank examiner going over his accounts, gave rise to rumors and suspicion and CashieriWm. Mayll, a cousinof the dead man, who did not believeantyhing could be wrong with the accounts of his assistant, gave instructions for a rigid investigation of thebank's affairs.The examination was concluded Sunday and the directors were informedthat a considerable shortage existedin the books of the dead man, but thatit was confined to his books alone, andthat while the stockholders would loseheavily, the damage could be repairedand the institution continue business.At the instance of Mr. J. T Hinton,President of the Citizens' BanK andVice President of the Bourbon Bank ajoint meeting of the directors of thetwo institutions was called and it wassugested that the Bourbon Bank absorb the Citizens' Bank, assuming itsbusiness and liabilities This was highly satisfactory to the directors of bothinstitutions, and as a business precaution, the Citizens' BanK assigned toBuckner Woodford, President of theBourbon Bank, and yesterday morningthe business was turned over to theBourbon Bank.The following resolutions were passed and ordered spread on the minutesof the Citizens' Bank :"Resolved, That this board regretsthe unhappy ending of the connectionsof E. J. Myall with the Citizens' Bankand extends sympathy to his family."Resolved, That ths board expressesits gratitude to Mr. William Myall forhis conscientious and careful conductof the bank's affairs and hereby declares its unlimited faith in his integrity, uprightness and honor."The dpposicors of the defunct institution will be paid dollar for dollar ontheir deposits, and yesterday most allof its patrons transferred their accounts from the Citizens' to BourbonBank.Yesterday morning Mr. Wm. Myallbecame an official of the BourbonBank and will act in the capacity ofassistant cashier. Mr. Myall is one ofour best citizens, in wnom can oeplaced unlimited faith, and it wasthrough his conscientious and honorable business methods the Citizens'Bank attained the exalted positionamong the banking institut ons of thiscity.liank Examiner Hurt has declinedto give any statement in regard to thepossible amount of the decrepancy.butit is the belief it will reach an amountof about $50,0U0. Prot. W. L. Yerkes,who has been assisting ExaminerHurt, will today take charge of thebooks of the Citizens' Bank and prepare a report for Secretary of StateBruner.The death of Mr. Ed Myall came asa shock to the community. He was akind hearted anu popular gentleman.His death was a sad blow to his onlychild, Miss Louise Myall, who was tohave graduated from the Bourbon Female College Wednesday night. Thedeepest sympathy is extended her inthe dark hour of her bereavement.The deceased was 45 years of age,and a son of the late Jonathan Myall.of Hutchison. He leaves two sistersMrs. Oscar Johnson, of Millerbsurg,and Mrs. Ollie Johnson, of Muir. Hecarried "$5,000 life insurance in the Mutual Life Insurance Company of NewYorK.The funeral services were held atthe residence of Mr. Wm. Myall Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock, conductedby .Elder Carey E. Morgan. Burial inParis cemetery.The pall-bearers were : N. F. Brent,Hugh BreatR. K. McCarney, JoeVardan. Bruce Miller. Silas Bedford.W I"We Know How."IM JL 1 1 J JJJL.I Wii fill yI if wI 1 t fit fl II 1& vj 1 iff sI fll"ISl :,b.WITH $iCan get a better Suit here than he can in anyother store in town. We fully understandthat hundreds of men feel that' TEN isenough for a Suit and we are making?a leader Aoi these Suits. We are showing fifty differentpatterns in $ i 0 Suits . These'Suits are'made Bwith hair cloth fronts, long and medium cutsack coats, large or small cut trousersbeltifd !ffl straps and cuff bottomsif you'like.We showTil Hit!' t . t u. , o xJJLd.Ul U1UC dCIgCb, atiipc ctllU IcUlLyOLUtLliea.If vou want to spend $ J 0 for a Suit, cometo Mitchell & Blakemore's, where every Suit is sold with a guarantee. $If goods sold by us are not satisfactory, we will make them right.Mitchell 8c Blakemorc,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.:Special For This Week:Ladies' Solid Silk Hose, Linen Toe and Heel, all colors,50c- . . m. miflliflflMHIv MmEKUBb '&Zr! wsjx KLiziiitiniif iiiiif.:n rsLiiLjiiiitiiiiiiuiiif iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiijiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiuuMiiiiuinuinimiiuiiiiii (A 2v:!it iFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Hot Weather Specials1 00 Pieces ofDress Ginghams, Sold at Other Storesas 1 2 1 -2c gradeOur Price 8 l-3c a yard35 Pieces ofPlaid and Strip Tissues and Repps, SoldRegularly at 25c,Our Price 19c a yard20 Pieces ofPlain Solid Colored Cotton Voiles,Sold Regularly a 20c a yard,Our Price 14c a yard.Suits and Coats for Ladies and Misses at. Big Price Reductions.Frank & Co.A JLiaiiiriMMtiiiriiiiiinn) AfNPARIS, KENTUpKY, MAY 23, iftll.THE BOURBON, NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Dr, Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionT k hmm eJ 11 madicuMa for th cure ofdkordcrs aad weakaMMs peculiar to wo. It m tieonly preparation of its kind devised by a regularly graduated physician an experienced and skilled specialist inthe diseases of women.It is a safe medicine in mmj condition of the system.THE ONE REMEDY whick contains no alcoholand no injurious habit-forming drug3 and whichcreates no craving for such stimulants.THE ONE REMEDY so good that its makersare not afraid to print its every ingredient oneach outside bottle -wrapper and attest to theOTi1fiiln.a nf tfi ami nnHer nam. .SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erKlRtfftti fEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postofflce as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J88J 19 Years of Continuous Publication?yfe?wgfeieS'WlsDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents perjine.Special rates for big advertisements.They never need repairs, never need any attention in fact except anoccasional coat of paint. They're Fireproof Stormproof and suitablefor all kinds of buildings. For fusther detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.It is sold by medicine dealers everywhere, and any dealer who hasn't t caaget it. Don't take a substitute of unknown composition for this medicine oknown composition. No counterfeit is as good as the genuine and the druggistwho says something else is "just as good as Dr. Pierce's" is either mistakenor is trying to deceive you for his own selfish benefit. Such a man is not to betrusted. He is trifling with your most priceless possession your healthmay be your life itself. See that you get what yon ask for.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.HOI IJTPUBLIC SALEOFMAIN STREET BUSINESS HOUSE.On Saturday, May 27, 1911, at 2 p. m.,on the premises, east side of Main street, between 5th and 6th.Paris, Ky., I will sell to the highest bidder the following: describedproperty, to-wit: Lot No. 1 is 38 ft. front by 105 ft. deep, with atwo-story brick business house, store-room on first floor and Lflatabove.Lot No. 2 is 30 1-4 ft. front by 54 ft. deep, with brick 'xstoreroam and office rooms above.This property is centrally located, modern and convenient, being fitted with gas, electricity, water and sewer connection.The buildings are in GOOD REPAIR, VERY DESIRABLE,RENT WELL and A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.Terms made known on day of sale.MRS, M. A. PATON.For further information, apply to Harris & Soeakes, Realstaf" Dealers, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Spsakas, Auctioneer.WrWM RIGEItfALSTYk . &i Sfivie.. . k SrtKT$ '. - : ivVLSoNYc.Er.- 'vviv-ti riw.? :".v-H-;. .k;. i --c-.'-iisakd GUPgRfiORiTYIn Workmanship nro Displayedin Our Work.Anindivitliuiiy 7iVi . vi. hrg our JlTomt-movts from all ofit, -vlnlo prices arei ."liable. T7hv, then, consider comznoupl ico flesl -prf or out-of-clutc productions? Our stock of nev and :ittrac'ivo Monuments,Markers, etc., Lirirer thrin tat of ail other firms in Central Ken- 'tucky combined. 'Fino Loitering ky Pneumatic Too's Qur CpociuPy..ONE YEAR,- $-:.00 SIX MONTHS. Payable in Advance$1.00STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESFanners through the Bluegrassjsection are predicting a record-brea1;-in?crop of Kentucky bluegrass seedthis season. They say that tne acre-than for many years owing to the factthat not so much Rod has been plowedfor tobacco, and it is reported that theprospects now indicate a large yield.A dispatch from Carlisle says:"Much tobacco is usually transplantedin this section by May 20 each year,but thus far this year not a plant hasbeen set. Nor is there apt to be anytransplanting done soon, for the reasons that practically no ground is yetready and the plants are so small thatthey can scarcely be seen, and it willbe some time before they are largeenough to transplant."The present drouth prevailing here!is becoming so serious that the plants :can do no good, and it is feared theywill perish unless rain comes soon orthe growers begin watering them.The dry weather is also making theground so hard that the work of pre-Jparing for the crop is almost at astandstill. Tnu present prospects pointto the smallest acreage of tobacco putout in this county in years."Suits Giled Against Combines.Commonwealth's Attorney, M. J. 'Hennessey, of Maysville, has Hiedsuits in the Mason Circuit Courtagainst the Standard Oil Company of(Kentucky and New Jersey, the Amen-'can Tobacco Company and the Inter-'national Harvester Company, allegingthat thpy are trusts and have conspired to regulate the prices, quantity andquality of the various comodities soldby each, all of which is unlawful andcontrary to the peace and dignity ofthe Commonwealth ot Kentucky,wherefore he prays judgment fur damages in the sum of $5,000 against eachof said companies.INONE BETTER.nc:e cheaperWm. Jldams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in the Garden4?'&$&rr .rt.yAj-yjit w .5)i'S5'5SO'..Mi.' -Vu.-wMm'KllX vhl;II wA- fan - lid J i 'MEEjrtESUw"?sm mis a real pleasure if you i avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real se.Ticeand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will help3'ou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWRY & TALBOTT99&&&WWSure There is LiJe on Venus.Di. i. J. J. See, the noted ist'onoraer from the Mare Island Naval Observatory, in an address to the students of the University of Missourirecently said that Venus was habitableand that it was possible and in keeping with all the laws of nature that itwas inhabited."The conditions on Venus are such,"he said, "that a man can live there allright. The atmosphere and climate areJilmost the same as it is here on earth.Mars is not so habitable as the earth,but it seems probable that there issome kind of life there."Dr. See expressed the belief that onplanets where life of beings on earthcould not ( xist there would be life ofa very different kind. The therrythat planets were formed by matterthrown of! from the sun, he said, hadbeen exploded. The planets are formed he believed, by the attraction ofparticles of matter flying through Jspace. NA Fcthsr's Venegancewould have fallen on arvne who attacked the son of Peter Bon. ly.ofSouthEo2kwood,Mich.,buthe wa ipowerlessbefore attacks of kidney trouble. "Doc-)tors ormlrl nnfc liflr liim "lip wrnto "cr Iat last we gave him ElectricBitters andhe improved wonderfully from takingsix bottles. Its the best kidney medicine I ever saw.." Backache, tired feeling, Nervousness Loss of Appetite,warn of kidney trouble that may endin dropsy, diabetes or Bright's disease.Beware:" Take Electric Bitters and besafe. Ever-' bottle guaranteed. 50c atOberdorfer's.CURIOUS DOMESTIC PETS.Musical Insects and Waltzing MicePopular In Japan.Among the -many curiou3 domesticpet3 of the Japanese are their musicalinsects aud waltzing mice.Hung up in the verandas of Japanese houses may be seen small, exquisitely cut bamboo cages, from whichin the hush of dawn and at the closeof summer days proceed quaint littlewhistlings, tinklings and trills. Usually it is at evening that the Japanesesit at their ease to listen to the musicof their imprisoned insects. One calledthe "suzu-mushi" gives or.t. it is said,a kind of trill so delicate ::nd clear asto sound like an ethereai.::ed bird'ssong.One species of Japanese in-mse maybe said to waltz through t!: greaterpart of the waking hours of its life,never tiring, though its feet wear outin the process. This peculiar littlerodent is black and white and haspink eyes. Its chief peculiarity is thatat a time when baby mice of otherspecies are just beginning to moveabout this terpsichorean mouse is already able to waltz.Put together, these Japanese dancing mice will waltz in couples, aud attimes more than two will join in amad whirl. So rapid is the movementof the dancers that it is difficult todistinguish their heads from theirtails.The Japanese says that waltzingseems to be as essential to the happiness of this mouse as midair somersaults are to the tumbling pigeon. Anupright peg forms a convenient pivotround which the mouse can whirl, butit is said that without any such guidethey would not in several minutescover an area larger than a dinnerplate, and they easily spin under atumbler. New York Ilerald.is almost the worst thing forconsumptives. Many of the"just-as-good" preparationscontain as much as 20 ofalcohol; Scott's Emulsionnot a drop. Insist on havingScott's EmulsionFOB SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSFOR RENT.Modern cottage on Scott Avenue.Five roms, bath, electric lights andgas. Call East Tennessee phone 591.Notice to Applicants.I Bourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.WASTelephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice,IH T HI3D' Haft Jycax -ft !(. yyjjymHV itabBA P riicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.ISBourbon Laundry,Paris,lfMitiieky.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky Fairs for1911 as far as reported. Officers offairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown, July 25 o days.Lancaster, July 2(3 3 days.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 2 3 days.Berea, August 3 3 days.Lexington, August 7 G days.Uniontown, August 8 5 days.Taylorsville, August 8 i days.Vancebnrg, August 94 days.Elizabethtovn, August 9 1 days.L.iwrenceburg, Angusl 154 days.Leitchrield, August lo 1 days.Burkes ville, August 154 days.Brodhead, August lo 3 days.Fern Creek, August 163 days.Shepherdoville, August 224 days.London. August 22 4 days.Eardinhbtmr. August 223 days.Sholhyville, August 224 days.Liberty, August 23 a days.Erlanger, August 23 4 da s.Germantown, August 2i 3 days.Nicholasville, Augast 293 days.Somerset, August 29 1 days.Bardstown, August 304 days.Franklin, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 46 days.Monticello, September 5 i days.Alexandria, September 0 5 days.Mount Olivet, September 54 days.Hodgenville, September 53 days.Sanders, September 64 days. IKentucky State Fair, Louisville,September 11 6 days.Horse Gave, September 204 days.Glasgow, September 274 days.Mayfield, September 274 days.All applications for position asteacner in the schools of Bourboncounty must be filed with the Secretary of the Division Board, and in duplicate in the office cf County Superintendent of Schools on or before thefirst day of June. 9 6tDr, J. M. Lacock,DENTJST,Up Stairs Over Vardeirs Drag Store.Prices The Cheapestfor Sale PrivatelyDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET.1 offer for sale privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andL.ille3ton avenue. Contains five rcomf,two halls, bath, pantry, back andfront porches; cellar under entirehouse; ga3 throughout; water in yardand houss; sewer connection. Theresidence fronts on Second street, andis extremely desirable; fine thadetrees on all sides. Immediate possession can bo given.Prospective purchasers invited to inspect the premises.TERMS. Made known on application to the undersigned. 'JOHN ARKLE.12 tf Home Phone 211.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMES.BOTH'PHOJfES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.ri WJ-H1 i1 HHii'a-f n1 Nill.'Were you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.rcp-ggr v-grcvri--r-pir rrn1&After The GrippeI am much pleased, to be able to write and thankyou for what Cardui has done for me," writes Mrs. SarahJ. Gilliland, of Siler City, N. C"Last February, I had the Grippe, which left me inbad shape. Before that, I had been 'bothered with femaletrouble, for ten years, and nothing seemed to cure it"At last, I began to take Cardui. 1 have taken ontythree bottles, but it has done me more good than all thedoctors or than any other medicine I ever took."M? CARDUIJ 42The Woman's TonicFor the after-effects of any serious illness, like theGrip, Cardui is the best tonic you can use.It builds strength, steadies the nerves, improves theappetite, regulates irregularities and helps bring back thenatural glow of health.Cardui is your best friend, if you only knew itThink of the thousands of ladies whom Cardui hashelped! What could possibly prevent it from helping you?Remember you cannot get the benefit of the Carduiingredients in any other medicine, for they are not for salein any drug store except in the Cardui bottle. Try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co , Chattanooga. Tcnn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "Home Treatment for Women." xzi free.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, borli local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Littler Rock andRuddles Mills."When'jTvou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone Cot IncorporatedNotice! Poultry Raisers11-44CURESCholera, Gapes. Limberneck. Rood. Canker.,WOffw AC nnnn. m . . Tuiarrnoea ana ail Diseases of PoultryV -W . - -?KSOKE AS GOODSO OT7XB, SO PJL.TNisSTIthkkitihebotM Ka&Bfywt. Bu&towB. Ky.. mts: "I bare ed Redbe 4-! I -44 for 7ean dNri.aUfiMiiMirtlTJ.fcM.Cnae.lariMm.Ky. Wee Se all Intes.G. S. Varden & Son.-.riwff- -Z"v -'i t .-. f.'it.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 23, 1911,, N3y ii i p lit -it ttif ' Master'-OF-r Ir.eSale!iforr,.-d hv ihp ivlarves otCentury, B. B. B. Tested30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, dis-linrces of yellow matter permauBai'iv fnrpd with pure botanical ingreaBourbon County Land.BOURBON CIRCUI'iowra rf vpMow matter permanent- i R P. Hopkins, etc.- i l l.Afnninnl inirrorl. ICOURT.- Plaintiffsw i IT ...s..-k if 'J Will nrnci Villi. ;ilents. iu iu " "r.j"rr"U.n Petition.R? tTirfitn r o inn-monf "onH nwor I; A AIPLE TREATMEiN T jj'KEiii " "---- - - j""-"'. ""-.1. Ii- -- AnltT rlinfrATftllC Illlr '- .i .. uku vui.i-i in xuv. twwwWUUIl 13 i.UL . . b-.r. ich.1nont;nMV,oMn,A 1Q11 foirn SUUStlLULUU LUU au uv;.i i o u,.ui. v,..aUfff VJff????3 onlf ' o the Bourbon Circuit Court, .the un-j the petitioner's and thus divorced thelawver irom uis wire instead or gram-LEGAL BLUNDERS.A Quesr Decree of Divorce Issireri by aParis Courl.Some years ago, it is eaid, a legalblunder of a most extraordinary character was committed in one of the divorce courts in Paris. By some misapprehension on the part of the presiding judge, whose papers and iniud hadgot confused, he actually mistook thename of-an advocate who had been arguing a petition for the name of inepetitioner himself and in granting adsigning the decree of dissolution ofmarriage of the petitioner unwittinglysubstituted the advocate's name forgivn. Sole by Varden & Son.r . 1.:il nl;tinn rvff rn nnncoc( I OUiHJS, b.lll-i tttUUJUU.i. ' -" .U..;..., M.efox Pommlncinnor nf f hor,0debi"dioc7afnsrIty.ge B.nrb Circuit Conni,. wi.l onA'SSS&aB Saturday, June iOth, 1911,It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids tbe system of the , at the court house door in the city ofpoison germs that cause catarrh. At i Paris, Ky.. ahoat eleven o'clock a. m.,the same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.) j sell at pubile auction to the highestpurifies the blood, does away with j and best bidder on a credit of six andevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B. J twelve months far equal parts of thesei.ds a tingling flood of warm, rich, J purchase money the land described inpure blood direct to the paralyzed said judgment and ordered to be soldnerves, and parts aifected by catarr- in the above styled action ta-wit:hal poison, giving warmth, and A certain tract of land in Bourbcnstrength just where it is needed, and county Kentucky, on the waters ofin'teis way making a perfect, lasting , Brush Creek, containing fifty-nina (59)cure of catarrh in all its forms, seres, three (3) rods and eighteen (IS)Druggists or by exsress, $1 per large poles, and bounded as follows:bottle, with directions for hume cure, i Beginning at the letter "A," a postSamples sent free by writing Blocd at the edge of a stone fence on theBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describe east side of brush Creek, comer to J.vnn- tmuhla and free medical advice. J Letton, and running N. Sfi 1-4, W.id wu poies 10 ngure i, in me miuuieof the Hat Reck & Jackstown turn-jpikss, a coiner to R. P. Hopkins ardlot No. 2; then along the pike S. 141-2, E. 10 4-10 poles to 2 ; then 5. 5.W. 33 poles to 3 tin said pike, cornerlot 2; then N. 85, W. 27.33 poles to 4.a stake curner to same; then S. 5, W.11 4-10 poles to 5, a post in Hamilton'sline, corner to same then with said'line S. 623. E. 31.76 poles to D.a stoneon the west side of Brush Creek, corner to said Hamilton; then withanother of Hamilton's lines S. 582 ; E.87 2-10 poles to E, a stone, corner tosame in the line of the Banta land;then with the same N. 60, E. 62.28poles to F, a stone, corner to Mrs.Hopkins ; then N. 295, W. 55.24 polesto G, the end of the stone fence, corner to same; then N. 82 1-4, W. 875-10 poles to H in Brush creek, cornerto same; then N. 2 1-4, E. 54.88 polesto the beginning, and being the sameland conveyed to Nannie F. Hopkinsby William Myall, Special Commissioner, by deed of record in Deed Book74, page 3G, Bourbon County CourtClerk's office.There is to be excepted from theforegoing tract the following described tract of land heretofore conveyedto John H. Jockey, to-wit:Beginning at 1, an iron pin incenter of said pike, corner HamiltonFarm Company ; thence, leaving thel&Z' .? vgS&ftk.&mr CrJ-7V5CVvn5i.5r. ': -!Z' Tf&.! -31f J. -..One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillineiy."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofing the prayed for release of the advocate's client. As the lawyer had no desire for separation from his wife andas there was no process for annullingan absolute decree for divorce, even tomeet such a remarkable case, it became necessary through this judicialerror for the man of faw to remarryhis spouse without delay, and this hedid.A somewhat similar error -was committed in the English court of chancery. There had been a litigation oversome property; which was held by onemaa "and claimed by another of thesame name. In evading some order ofthe court the holder of the propertyhad committed a contempt, and onthis beiug called to the attention ofthe judge an order issued for the summoning, not of the guilty party, but ofthe claimant of the same surname, andthe order, a very severe one, was actually in execution before the error wasdiscovered. New York Press.City's Change cf Name.Rat Portage, at the north end of theLake of the Woods, in southern Manitoba, was a lumber camp for years,but it became a lumber city and began to consider "its name undignified.Nov it is known vs Kenora. which ismore euphonious, but not so distinctive after ail.The Exact Spot.Teacher "Robert, where are thoRocky mountains?" 'Robert "In thegeography, teacher; page four!"Puck.Announce menI have located in Paris for the -purposeof conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 12S-2.IHHHnnnMHHJudged by HisShoesThe successful man wears The Stetson Shoebecause it stamps him as a man of prosperityand good taste.The Strut is one of the latest Stetson creations. Stetson artists have built into this, shoethe smartness and satisfaction that are theyoung man's delight.It costs more by the pair to bewell-shod in Stetson Shoesbut try them for a year inthe end they are cheaper.Mitchell & BlakemoreStetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year.New Industry Developed.The sterilization of water by ultraviolet rays have now entered upon anIndustrial stage.W. C. HESTERSaved Many from Death.BOOKS IN OLD ROME.ourchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.OVER 65 YEARS'PERIENCEOIKk EXilHHlIij-1MBBI TradepiKe anu running witn saiu company severy woman and feel confident line N. S4J, W. 27.4 poles to 2, a postn; nv cormrino- i Qiri;ffrnrv ' in end of wire fence corner to same;ot your securing a saLibivutui i.Uannn(i -. w .-, ,n ,,,,. f ., npoint in end of wire fence, corner to.'same; thence b. oz 1-4, u. 2U.30 polesj to 4, an iron pin in center of said pike,! corner to same in Nannie E. Hopkins'lin; thenceuith the middle of saidpike N. 5 J, &. 52.24 poles to the beginning, containing seven (7) acres, three(3) rods and thirty-three (33) poles ofland, and being a part of the sameland conveyed to Nannie E, Hopkinsby deed of record jn Deed-Book 74.page 36, Bourbon County Cleik'soffice, the said conveyance being fromLaban Lettun's heirs, (Deed Book 92,page 62.)The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds with approved surelyneanng interest at the rate ot six percent uer annum from dav of salepaid, payable to the undersigned jMaster Commissioner.RUSSELL MANN.'M. C. B. C. C.E. M. Dickson, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.M 16 23, 30 j 6Trained Slave Copyists Turned ThemOut Quick and Cheap.There were in Augustan Home established publishing houses which notonly turned out large numbers ofbooks, but many editions of them andat an incredibly small price. Thattheir arrangements were businesslikemay be inferred from the testimonyof Ilorace. He relates that when anauthor failed to please the metropolisthe publishers shipped the entire edition of his works to the provinces, andif he still failed as a writer they madearrangements to bring them back againand sell them as paper to the pastryand spice shops.One great firm in Rome had over2,000 trained slave copyists, and theirwork was swift and cheap, for Martial writes that they had ready an edi-' tion of a thousand copies of his "Epigrams" in just one hour, to be sold at10 cents a copy. The exceedinglylarge reading public which all this indicates must have been many years Ingrowing, and one may assume thatHome had long been a city of readers.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel ofCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.W. L. Mock, of Mock, Ark., believesho. has saved many lives in his 25years of experience in the drug business. "What 1 always like to do,"Tin writes, "is to recommend Dr.j King's New Discovery for weak, sorei Inn rrc. hard colds, hoarseness, obstinate cousrhs. lam-ippe, croup, asthmaor nHipr bronchial affection, for 1feel sure that a number of my neighbors are alive and well today becausethey took my advice to use it. 1 honestly believe its the best throat andlung medicine that's made." Easy totU prove he's right. Get a tnai bottlerree, or rcuiar wu ur vi.w uuiuc.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Starts Much Trouble.If all people knew what neglect ofconstipation would result in severeindigestion, yellow .jaundice or virulent liver trouble "they would ioontake Dr. King's New Life Pills andend it. Its the only safe way. Bestfor billiousness, headache, dyspepsia,chills and debility.25c at Oberdorf er:s.Good for Busya lPtter onened. mailInchrule have benMan.scale and six-combined in aMarksDesignsCopyrights &c..ATlvonc sondlrc a Pkctch and description mayrr ly asrerta n our opiMon free whether anvoMlon is probably patentable. Communion-i M.tnctIyeonilde:itial. HANDBOOK on PatcnufPi t fr'e. Oldest neency for eocunnjr patcnu.r. nuts taken tbrouch Munn & Co. receiveepic ud not lcct without charge, iu. theScientific American.A handsomely HIntrated weekly. Lnrtcst air-'ati n of any FrientSUc Journal. 1 eras. ?j atear: four months, L Sold byall newsdealers.MUNN & Go.36,Brai,d- New YorkBranch Office. C25 F SU Washington. D. C.Aftioiiq tho nnblisher of Cicero had a . "" iiLO "lBU,u,u uuwueAtticus. me puuiisuer 01 icero. nuu a bv v d & sgreat many modern methods in the mhmmmbmhhbmhmimconduct of his business, and the factthat Caesar's 'Commentaries" werevery 'quickly dispatched to the out-posts of civilization shows that themachinery of distribution was alsowell organized. Thus we may con- .elude that the advertising and public- jity department was in good shape.Bookman. !Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlvmercury, with pure ifotanical jngred- handy desk Implement.cuts. To prove it wTe will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE. " 1If you have ulcers, eating sores, Money to Loan.itching humors, swellings, mucus 1 ye have completed arrangementspatches, bone pains.ofTensive pimples whereby we can loan you all theor eruptions, take B. B. B. (Botanic J m0ney that ycu need on first mortBlood Balm.) All sympthoms heal cage3 on farm property in amountsquickly. Blood is mase pure and rich ranging from $2,000 up. at the lowcompletely changing tho entire body , rate 0f jji per C8nt with long time andinto a clean, healthy condition, heal-' easy payments. We write the best,ing every sore and stopping all aches, safest and cheapest fire, lightning andpains and itching, curing the worst tornado insurance that a farmer cancase of blood poison. Druggists or by buy and the payments are easy. Insureexpress, 1 per largo bottle, with :li- wjtn us and borrow all the money youreetions for home cure. Samples nee(1 at $ per cent. gave your moneysent free by writing Blood Balm Co., ! an(i prosper.Atlanta, Ua. Describe your trouble n. E. COLLIER. Agent.given. i4S3m Hurst Home Insurance Co.Hov's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, O.We, the nudersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions, and financially able to carry out any obligations made bv his firm.WALDING.'KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodandmucous surfaces of the system.Testitimonials sent free. Price, 75cper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Sidney G. Clay as a candidate for Representative in the Legislature fromBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic partyMMMMMMMMMMWMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmm mwsStoMISS JESSIE BROWNArt Embroidery' Materials,DolU and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Hot and ColdB ATH S 'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always readytrade. No long waitsto wait on theYou are next.DaveyTree ExpertKent Ohio.Co.,Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tree Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER,406JPIea3ant street.Home phone 254. Paris. KyFOR RENT.Ap-'Two cottages on Second street.ply toMRS. DUKE BOWLES,9 3t 623 Main StreetHusky Dogs of Labrador.All along the coast at every Eskimountil i encampment and about the cabins ofthe liveyeres are numbers of huskydogs. In winter these animals pullthe sledges and form the sole meansof travel r communication from settlement to settlement. During thesummer they are not fed by theirowners, but are left to seek their sustenance as best they can: hence thehungry brutes range the land near thecoast and add to the problems of Labrador, as they permit no creature tolive that they can pull down. If ahorse were to be turned out to grassovernight only its bare bones wouldbe found in the morning. Even to human beings they are sometimes dangerous when night begins to fall, andon occasion when hard driven by hunger they have been known to attackchildren in the day. Considering theyare hardly ever fed in tbe summer,one only wonders that there are notmore ill deeds to set to their account.Wide World Magazine.mK-ZZS:53WE WILL POSITIVELY SAVEYOU MONEY ON YOURH KsS' fS1"'1 v Ky Klji i K "7 F d W rM. A. KAHAL;gQFSllJP-v5iwffSrONEfeOPdown the throat of a "capey"chicken destroys the wormsend saves the chick's life. Afew drops' in the drink-Insr waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chickdiseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureWakes 12 GsIIoas of Medicine.Even- Doa'try raiser should keep a bottle of. mrf??neS hand. Ask for free booklet om' diseases of Powls."For Sale by W, T. Brooks, yi:iii:mihis!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'tiotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send vou a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshootiner pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, dillicuity in movingaround so you haw to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; t-hifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeeverv svmpthom, because B. B.B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othe'jmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large botSe. with dictions for homev cure.SV.nwrj3;nr free by writing Blood.--i jfifcAtlant, Ga. Describernr tnSHff ud free medical adviceA Tramp's Story."You say you were once the editorof a newspaper?""Yes, lady, and it was a very brightlittle sheet. If I do say it.""How does it happen, then, that youare forced to ask at back doors formeals?""It is merely a case of the irony offate. I had a printer who was nearsighted, and one afternoon when hemade up the paper he got a weddingnotice and a murder trial mixed, sothat after describing the costume ofthe bride it said the condemned manalmost collapsed when sentence waspronounced." Chicago Record-Herald.r.lS!tmA Way to Do It.Mrs. Binks The people in the nextsuit to ours are awfully annoying.They actually pound on the wall everytime our Mamie sings. I wish weknew of some way to drive them outof the fiat"Why not have Mamie keep on singing?" Cleveland Plain Dealer.Hard Work."A mounted policeman must have ahard time.""How so?""It can't be an easy matter to sleepon horseback." Judge.Men's. Cheering Him Up.De Broke So the tailor called againwith his bill? Did you say I was out?His ManYes, sir. and I told him thatI thought he was too. Boston Transcript j ,Come and Seevt will take you just a few minutes tolook over- our line of Men's and Boys'Clothing, and in that way you can find outto your own satisfaction whether or not itwould pay you to buy here.Be just as critical, just as exacting, justas shajpeyed as you can, when you cometo see these clothes. Try them on, standbefore the mirror and see how you look inthem. You will then realize that nowhereelse can you get as much real value formoney as here.1!Why can we sell for less moneythan other stores? Simply because we'reduce every expense toa minimum low rent very littleclerk expense, cash buying, c.An elegant showing ofand Boys' Clothing, Hats, Caps JandFurnishings at Pricesthat will Save You ManyJDollarsBennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,w H pwgPu'tggmm-. 'fi&ESafmi" ft i iPARIS,KENTUCKYa) giViri r2W tyvardena con.,""THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAT 23.1911iXamiCalls Halt on Dirty Ball Playing.President W. C. Ussery, of theBlue Grass League Friday issued thefollowing: letter to all the club presidents, umpires, managers and playersin the league:"Sinre I have been president of this.League l nave not warned an umpirespecifically and by name against anyclub or player, nor have I ever told anumpire to especially watch any playeror manager. Several umpires haveasked me if there are any players ormanagers who need special attention ;I have always replied that aech umpire must learn such men for himself,if there are any.' 'It now becomes necessary to depart from that rule and to mention aplayer specifically to umpires, and towarn them to watch for interference,which has been done."Interference is the dirtiest kind ofdirty ball and will not be tolerated inthis League while I am president, if itc?n be prevented."Umpiresjare hereby instructed thatIE in tneir judgment a man is guilty ofinterference they are to allow the playwhich the man prevented, or .attempted to prevent; if a base runner notconcerned in the play advances hemust return to his original lase; thejnterferer must be put out of thegame."In this connection I wish to caution club officers and managers thatinterference, like strikes and balls,depends solely on the personal judgment of the umpire. If he thinks itis interference he will impose thepenalty; if he does not think it isinterference, his judgment will be sustained. "W. C. USSERY, President."Paris Awarded Protested Game.By a decision of Preisdent W. C. Ussery Paris gets the game that went toprotest from Maysville on May 10.The decision of President Ussery isas follows :Paris, Ky., May 22, 1911.To All Club Presidents :The game at Maysville May 11, 1911,News of The Diamond.FRIDAY.in an exciting ninth innincr fimehParis defeated Richmond Friday after- inoon by a score of 9 to 8. The gameJ was warmly contested from the open- Iing session and was marked by the Ineavy hitting of both teams.Mnvci-iiio c 7nr,-c mnn ii i Mni'.e;nA ' Ashby started the game for Paris..j.. . ... . ... .-..., ..v.. ,j rmu.ijyiin. i.ii.. a , . r-.- . i . . uiuay ai.ii:iiiuiHi uv a sture ci j luu.8 to 7, was protested in legal form ,a "u " M"L 51neeFf nau Pouhded In a battimr rallv'in the final session, , mm over cue jot ior inree rallies heuu p;,,,T, " ,i..i:.:Double plays Mayer, Harrell, Kuhlman; Olson, Baird, Walden. Sacrificefly Barnett. its off Ashby 4 in 21-2 innings ; off Hewitt 3 ; eff Carey11. Wild pitch Hauser 2. Time 1:50.Umpire Fey e. Attendance 300.SATUDAY.Paris took the last game of the series from the Richmond Pioneers Saturday afternoon bv a score cf 10 to G.Wool.We are buying wool. Will pay thehighest market price,sacks and twine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,28 8t Either phone 84.Ground Coffee.Come in and seecoffee mill. Grindyou wait.C.P. COOK & CO.Big Piano Sale.Is now going on. Pianos $125 up. $1down, and $1 per week. Main street,opposite Agricultural Bank.See Me First.Dont' huylanything in housefurnishings till yousee J. T. Hintonand gethis pi ices.Bourbon Boy Returns FromMexico.Mr. Jas. T. Madison, son of Mrs.James Madison, of near Millersburg,returned Thursday from ChihuahuaMexico, where he has been for thepast fifteen months. Mr. Madison wasaccompanied home by Mr. Jno. T. McKee, of Cynthiana. These gentlemenhave been in Mexico vih a surveyingparty. The year previous Mr. Madisonwas in Brazil for a number of monthshelping to survey a railroad.I was relieved by Hewitt who fared butlittle better and gave way in the thirdto Hauser, who finished the game. IHauser presided on the mound for tsix and two-third innings and finishedthe contest stronger than when heto the facts no other evi- ! ;vu UUJ uux; ma uenuers puzzledluu x-iuueers anu twelve or tne nineteen men that faced him whiffed thewind. After the third inning he allowed only two hits in succession andthey came in the fifth when the Richmond team counted their last tally.Besides the pitching of Hauser, thefeature of the game was the home runby Paris ClubThe protest was based on a misintprpretation of a rule by the umpire, forwhich reason it was entertained.The following statement is submitted as the only evidence in the case ;where two clubs interested in a protestagree asdence is necessary : i"Statement of play atMaysville May31, 1911, game between Maysvile and 'Paris, upon which the protest of Pari3is based:"Maysville at bat in last half of9th inning; one out; a runner on first.second and third ; score G to i favor of .Paris. Man at hat knocks a tfrminrW 'avxe wn,cn came m tne ninth.toward Second Baseman McKernan, of f. e b,e-centerhelder had hit safely inParis; McKernan picks up the ball ! tne seventh and came up in the finalnear the line from first to second ; run-' sesson looking dangerous. After Garner on first had started to seemd. but ey naa rown three wild ones and putwhen McKernan fielded the ball, therunner started back toward first baseMcKernan chased him up the line andput the ball on him just before he slidinto first; McKernan immediately'sttpped on first and retired the batter."Umpire Ronan declared both menout; in the meantime, and beforeeither man was retired or declaredout, the Maysville runner on thirdcrossed the plate ; Umpire Ronan allowed the run to count, which tied thescore."The game then went to extra innings, being won by Maysville, scoreS to 7.Come get your ,oignedj jinu. u. kuiNAW, umpire,i ioi&iicmj o. if. .oiowiN, rres. i aris,"(Signed) ED. MACKEY,JMgr. Maysville."In addition, the umpire states thatthe runner on first was declared outbefore the batter: Paris rinHarpri nour new electric protest at end of 9th inning.your coltee while I am sorry that all entertained protests are not as plain as this one.Playing Rule 59 is clearly violated bythe umpire, and so acknowledged byhim. 'Ihe game is awarded to Parisby the score of 6 to 5, end of 9th inning. The aggrieved club has the right ofappeal from this decision to the Boardof Dircetors of the League.Since the 1911 season opened threeother protests have been filed. Neither of them was entertained, as theywere based on a question of judgmentof play by the umpire. Clubs mightas well make up their minds right nowthat the umpire will be sustained solong as the protest does not hinge onthe interpretation of a rule his judgment as to play is final, so long as heis in the employ of the League.Yours very truly,W. C. USSERY, President.See the Advertisement.Read the advertisement of the nub-two over the center of the pan. Maxcaught the next ball squarely on thenose and the sphere sailei thirty feetover the left field fence. The hit wasthe longest ever made on the localgrounds and probably in the league.The visitors opened up in the firstsession scoring cne run on a gift, anerror, and a safety to left field andcounted again in their half of the secona. Paris counted one run in their halfof the second, and in the session fol-l lowing consecutive hitting netted thevisitors five more.Hauser was sent in following thedownfall of Ashby and Hewitt andcurbed the onslaught of the heavy hitting Pioneers. Paris counted once inthe fourth inning and the Pioneers tallied again in the fifth. On three hits,an error and a sacrifice fly, the localstallied twice.In the innings following Hauserproved very effective and Richmondbatters went down in rapid successionbefore him. Paris scored one in theeighth on Hauser's single and Harrell 's safe drive for three bases.Things louked good for the locals inthe ninth when Mayer, the first up,hit safely to center Maxwell followed with his long drive over the leftfield fence, on which both counted.Barnett singled to left and Carey wastaken from the box, being succeededby Chenoweth. Goodman doubled toright, Barnett going to third and Kuhlman cleared the bags with a single inthe same territory, ending the contest.The score :Richmond 1Paris 0Batteries Paris,Hauser and Mayer; Richmond, Carey,Chenoweth and Haley. HitsParis13, Richmond 12. Errors Paris 8,Richmond 4. Two base hits Harrell,Whittaker, Wright, Mayer, Ashby,Goodman. Three base hits Harrell.15 0 10 0 0 0810 10 0 2 1 4-9Ashby, Hewitt,lie sale of Mrs. M. A. Paton's Main I Home run Maxwell, liases on ballsstreet nrnnertv on Saturrfav Mnv 9.7 nr. off Ashby 13, Hauser 4. Struck out-two o'clock.by Ashby 1, by Hauser 12,by Carey 4.lrwawMwwiiMMi i m i if) a mm imhbm :saB23g8roi jaraas axxmsmz Mli11lp I'nuuo Anu mAiiiNbd. f: I;CARPETS,H ' jThe new Spring Goods arebeautiful more interesting,more fascinating than everbefore and the prices aremost reasonable. Whateverof new Rugs, Carpets, Mattings the home needs yourhome just remember thatjust the right place is A. F.Wheeler's.Wheeler's New iceberg Refrigerator Saves Your iceBill- $6.75 up to $38.50..frHJY- it ibbilllVHHPv ri'm' 1Child's Crib $5.75.Gent's Chifforobe $18.75lm and Brass Beds $2.25 and $25. Just the thing forup to $60.00. the young man's room.the Pioneers came near dunlicatincrthe performance of the Bourbonites inthe game of Friday, and ly consecutive hitting rolled up a total of fourruns aftei two men had been retired.Although the locals were outbatted,safeties did not come when the visitors needed them most, Harold provingvery effective with men on bases, andworked himself out of many difficultplaces.The localstook the lead in the firstsession, counting three runs, and inthe three inning3 following went outin crder, and in the fifth, four hitscounted for two runs.and duplicated inthe sixth.The first two tallies of the visitorscame in the seventh. Walden doubledto right and White plnted one forthree bases in the same territory.White scored on McKernan'sbad throwto Mayer.Paris annexed three more in theeighth. Guodman waited and walked.Kuhlman hit a hot one to third andwas safe.Kaucher flied to Bramlage and PIar-iold moved both runners up a peg by aneat sacrifice. On Wright's fumble ofHarrell's hot grounder Goudman scored and Kuhlman crossed the rubberwhen McKernan hit to center. Mayerflied to third for the last out.After two men had been retired inthe ninth the visitors counted fourruns. Chenoweth, up for Nichols, wasgiven a pass. Baird hit to right andOlson duplicated. Chenoweth scoring.Bramlage drove the sphere to left fora base and Whittaker hit one to Harrell that was too hot to handle, butwas knocked down. With the basesclogged Haley for the third time hitsafely scoring Olson and Bramlage.Wright hit to Harrell, forcing Haleyat second for the last out. The score:Richmond 0 0000020 46Paris 3 0 0 0 2 2 0 3 x-10Earned runs Paris 4, Richmond 4.Two base hit Walden. Three basehits-Harrell, Maxwell, White. Homerun Harold. Wild pitch Harold.Stolen base Mayer. Sacrifice hitsHarold. Base on balls-ofT Nichols 3,Harold 2. Struck out-by Nichols 1,by Harold 4. Double play Olson toUaird to Walden. Left on base Richm ond 8, Paris 5.SUNDAY.Heavy hitting coupled with stupidplaying on the part of the Lawmakerswon for the Bourbonites in the contestat Frankfort Sunday afternoon. Thegame was played on a soggy field, butthe Bourbonites took to the gougafter the second inning.The feature of the game was thebatting of Shears, who out of livetimes up made five hits. The Lawmakers were unable to touch Shearsfor four innings and during that timeonly one man reached first.Ihe Bourbonites made their firstscores in the third inning when Shearssingled to left and after Kaucher wasout. Harrell was out but McKernanhit by short, advancing Shears tosecond. Mayer followed with a twobase hit clearing the bases. 7In the fourth inning the Bourbonitesscored three runs, Kaucher bting safeat first by forcing Kuhlman out atsecond. Shears followed with a twobase hit and Harrell flew out. McKernan was hit by the ball and Mayer hitby third base totaling three scores.Kaucher, Shears and McKernan alsoscoring. ,In the sixth inning Shears hit fortwo bases to right field and scored onMcKernan 's two base hit to center.In the seventh inning after tv menwere out Kuhlman hit to center forthree bases and scored on Kaucher'ssingle. Kaucher scored on a pass ball.In the ninth inning Goodman singledover second, was saciificed to secondby Kuhlman and sec red on Shears'fifth hit of the game. Seebach madethe first score for the Lawmakers inthe fifth, opening with a hit to centerbeing advanced to second by Rapp'shit by second and scored on McKelvey 'a two base hit. The Lawmakerst hnd eord chance in the ninth with ahit but were not equal to the emergency. In 1 rie ninth inning Haase openedwith a two base hit, scored on McKelve s two base hit who in turn scoredon Kyle's hit 10 center.The score ;Paris 0 0230120 19Frankfort 0 0001000 23Batteries Paris, Shears and Mayer;Frankfort, Jones and Weeks. HitsParis 16, Frankfort 8. Errors Paris1, Frankfort 3. Earned runs Paris 7,Frankfort 3. Two base hits Mayer,Shears 2, McKelvey 2, McKernan,Ilaase. Three base hits Kuhlman.Base on ' Dalls Jones 2. Struck outby Shears 6 ; by Jones 5. Left onbases Paris 9, Fankfort 5. Doubleplays Kraucher to Barnett; Nicholsonto Weeks ; Kraucher to Harrell ; Nicholson to Haase. Hit by pitcherWeeks, McKernan. Sacrifice hitsKuhlman. Time cf game 2 hours.Umpire Fey e.Manager McKernan Saturday released Pitchers Hewitt and Ashby andOutfielder McKelvey. McKelveysigned wi:h Frankfort and pldyed hisfirst game with that club Sunday.Solid Oak Rocker $2.25.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMPANYCHA. OHLtlN, Manager. 0ositc Court HovseftoM art Thirl Sfs.Two hundred Paris fans accompaniedthe Bourbonites on the trip to Frankfort Sunday, and while rain fell intorrents an hour betore the game wascalled, it did not dampenthe enthusiasm of the rooters."Red" Shears was the whole showin Sunday's contest. Out of fivetimes up he made five clean hits, andscored three runs.In each instancehe hit the first ball pitched and eachof his drives went clvan. A joker inthe stand hailed the lengthy hurler asthe "village cut-up." His work withthe stick establishes a record for apitcher in this league.Mayer and Shears secured eight ofthe total of sixteen hits secured bythe locals. . M n ZKflUFMflN;STRflUS&6()iCentral Kentucky's Greatest Department Store,Lexington, Ky.Sale of Women'sTailored Suits atS25Our sale of dressy tailor made Suits at this price hasbeen such an unqualified success that we find ourselves run-j ning short on sizes and colors and in order to replenish thelines we nave aaaea irom our regular stock a number ofsuits that have sold heretofore at 335, S38 and S40. Theseare in black and white serges, fine worsteds and homespuns.j Silk Dresses $14.75 jValues Up to $23.50We have placed on sale a choice assortment of pretty,stylish new silk dresses, made from splendid quality puresilk foulards, messalines and satins, in stripes, checks andneat figures, handsomely trimmed. We simply say they arethe best values ever offered in this city.New Models In TailoredBlousesOn display for the first time this season a charmingselection of fresh new designs in Dutch neck, sailor collar,short sleeve blouses in soft handkerchief linen, neat dimities,Jap silks and colored madras. Also the new racquet waistswith leather belts.Prices range from 2.50 to 5 each.THE MODELS ARE EXCLUSIVEFCanfman 3tf2ii7s t dTVk Tavinr4iti VnKACAVIO) t- 'WVTaa LLA 1 llif LI I II . I .' ' JlmmmmmmmmmmfIEmbry & Co.THE LEADING SPECIALTY HOUSEFirst PriceREDUCTIONSIn Women's and Misses'Tailored Suits andSilk DressesWe Need Space for Summer StocksHandsome Trimmed Suits $35Values up to $75Tailor Made Street Suits $25Values up to 45Beautiful Foulard Dresses $17.50Values up to 30Pongee and Rajah Silk Dresses $15Values up to $25LADIES' AND MISSES' SIZESEvery garment in this sale is a big bargain, andthey are sure to sell quickly. Therefore,we advise immediate attention.iEMBRY & CO.,IWTwVt Qvt TTot T UVTMATmiT trxrwilu xot ilikj l WIN, JS. X . .ftJ.JIh-VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 23, 1911.f (IE BOURBON NEWS. PEiS0NAL MENTI0N-Wfo7v?irkFIRST, LAST. AND ALL THE TIMELICENSES DUE.All licenses for the City ofParis were due the 1st ofMay. Those who have notijatd must call at once and-rttie. Office at first NationalSank.STAMPS MOORE.4-tf Collector,Recital Tonight.fhe School of Expression of the1 jrbon Female College, will give a.ital at the Grand Opera House this, ening. The admission will be 25i-ute. Seats on sale at the clothingvi ,re of Mitchell & Blakemore.Lodge News.Ail members of Paris Kebeccahage No. 7 are requested to be.prts-nt ai the meeting of the lodge" this.-ening at 7:30 o'clock. There willi e several initiations.OLL1E CHAMBERS, Sct..MRS. BETTIE TURNER, N. G.Big Piano Sale.Is now going on. Pianos $125 up, SI( vn, SI per week. Main street, op1 m Agricultural. Bank.Confederate Decoration Day.Confedprate decoration day will .beffa-erved on Saturday, June 3. by theltical chapter of the Daughters of theConfederacy. The program has notet been fully arranged. The children's chapter, which was recentlytrganized, will take an active part intno appropriate exercises.Big Piano Sale.Is now going on. Pianos S125 up, SIdown, $1 per week. Main street, opposite Agricultural Bank.GRADUATION PRESENTSSee Shire & Fithian's window for new, up-to-dategraduation presents.Cattle Shipped to England.Four hundred and fifty head of cattle, the proprety of Jonas Weil, ofLexington, that have been feeding forthe past six months at the pens at theParis Distilling Co.'s plant, in thiscity, were shipped Friday to Bostonfrom which point they will be embarked for England. The cattle were inthe pink of condition and are said tobe the finest lot of butcher cattle exported from tnis country.For the Youngsters.Wash suits that stand the tub andthe rub. Khaki pants, duck pants,wash blouses.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Valuable Property.Two valuable pieces of Main streetproperty will be otfercd at public saleon Saturday May 27 at two p. m. Mrs.M. A. Paton's property is centrally located modern and convenient. See theadvertisement.Property Withdrawn."Mr Robert C. Talbott. throughHarris & Speakes, held a sale of hisp-operty istuated on Duncan avenueand Vine street Saturday. The cornerlot sold to Mrs. Nellie McClure for$1,710, the adjoining lot being bid to$1,550, Mr. Talbott withdrawing it.j he home place was also withdrawnafter $7,300 had been bid.The residence was later sold privately to Mr. W. H. McMillan for $7,500.Porch Furnishings.See those lawn and porch swings atJ. T. HINTON'S.Cool Summer Coats.In blue serges and alpacas. The csolkind $4, $5, $6.J. W. DAVIS & CO.First Examination. ,"lhe first examination of 1911 ofapplicants for county teachers' certificates. as held in the office of County.superintendent Miss Mabel RobbinsSaturday. Those who took the examination were Miss Ruth Henry. Carole; Miss Marugret Lenihan, Paris;Miss Sallie Withers, Cynthana; MissNora Hutson, Kiserton; Miss LidaConnor, Paris; Miss Belle Riser, Kiserton, and Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman,Paris.Big Piano Sale.Is now going on. Pianos $125 up, $1';wn, $1 per week. Main street, opjosite Agricultural Bank.Read the Ad.Elsewhere in tfcis issue appears theicvertisement of the sale of Mrs.Mary A. Paton's Main street propertywhich will be exposed to public salen haturday May 27 at two o'clock p.Master's Sale of Real Estate.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday fot Master Commissioner Mannh following property belonging toJulius Herrick's estate: Two housesn West side of West street to C J.1 ancaster, agent, for SI. 150; twon mses on the East side of West streeti O. J. Lancaster for $900 ; one lot onlam street, opposite the new BaptistnLrch to C A. McMillan for 1,010;ne-half interest in lot on Main streetsinning above lot to C. A. McMillanr $700; remainder interest in houeen1 lot on Seventh street, occupied byrs. Nannie JL Herrick. for S600 tor. Herrick; one 50-foot lot near'ip?ins avenue to Mrs. Herrick for115. . 'Dr. and Mrs. J. T. Vansant spentSunday in Lexington with friends.Mrs. Thos. Buckley is visiting herniece, Mrs. Eneas Myall, in Maysville.5 Prof. E. T. Martin, of Louisville,is the guest of his daughter, Mrs.Clark Barnett, on Houston avenue.Mr. Luke Connolly who is confinedin the St. Joseph Hospital continues toimprove and will no doubt be able toreturn home in about ten days.Mr. and Mrs. C. J. McLear havereturned from Oenton, where theywent to attend the funeral Tuesday ofMrs. McLears mother, Mrs. Mary Slocum, agd S8 years.f Hon. end Mrs. E. M. Dickson arrived home last night from LittleRock, Ark., where they were theguests of Mr. and Mrs. Durand Whipple during the Confedeiate Reunionrrof. W. L. Dawscn and wife ofCampbsllsviile, are the guests of thelatter's father, Mr. John Grimes.Prof, and Mrs. Dawson will leave in afew days for Trappe, Md., wherethey will spend the summer.Mr. J. W. Steenbergen was theguest several days last week of hisson, Mr. C. L. Steenbergen on Mt.Airy Avenue. This was the tisrt visitof Mr. Stepnbergen to Paris in twentyyears. He was formerly engaged inthe purchase of cattle and for a number of years made a trip through thissection annually.The followingZparty left this morning to attend the "D. S. Henry real estate sale in Flemingsburg: Mr. andMrs. B. F. Adcock, Mr. and Mrs. W.A. Wallen, J. H. Haggard, ClaudeRedmon. Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, F. L.Walker, Geo. D. Speakes, E. Ti. Harris, R. B. Hutchcraft, Pi of. J. S.Johnson and Paris High School Band.Elder and Mrs. Carey E. Morgan,Mr. W. O. Hinton, and Mrs. W. R.Scott were among those who attendedthe Convention of Christian Churchesof the Eighth Kentucky District heldin Carlisle Thursday and Friday.Mrs. Scott was elected county manager of Bourbon for the ChristianWomen's Board of Missions, at thesession Thursday.Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Day, of Lcuisville, were the guests -Saturday andSunday of Mr. and Mrs. JC. Day onHiggins avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Daypassed through Paris Thursday accompanying thu remains of his mother,Mrs. Susan Day, who died in Louisville Wednesday night, to Carlisle forburial. Mr. James Day and Miss Hattie Day, of this city, attended the funeral. Mrs. A. S. Thompson and Mrs.Isaac Cunningham Haley entertainedwith Five Hundred at the beautifulhome.of Mrs. Thompson on the Clintonville pike Wednesday afternoon.The occasion was a delightful one andthoroughly enjoyed by the guestsDuring the afternoon ices and cakeswere served. The guests were: MrsM. E. Lydick, Cynthiuna ; Mrs. FrankCollipr, Mrs. PI. V. Thompson, Mrs.W. W. Haley, Mrs. Varden Shipp,Mrs. C. W. Worthingion. Mrs. G. W.Dawson, Mrs. Howard Weathers, Mrs.Samuel Martin Halpy, Mrs. SamuelWeathers, Mrs. Harlan Kennedy, Mrs.Thorn well Tadlock,Mrs. Ed. B. Sparks,Mrs. Ed. Turner, Mrs. Luther Rice,Mrs. R. S. Darnaby.Mrs. F. P. Kispr;Misses Dorothy Talbott, Corinne Collins, Sarah Weathers, Maggie Rice,Lillie Weathers.Manhattan Shirtsin a ber.utiful assortment of patterns.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Fly Time.Keep out the pesky house fly. Wehave screen doors and windows of allsizes that will do it, also screen wireby the yard. Now is the time to getbusy.9 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Colored Campmeeting.Rev. R. Quarles, the colored minister, will conduct a campmeeting atthe old fair grounds in this city ccommencing June 11 and continuing to andincluding June 18. At this meeting thecolored divine will preach his famoussermon on the Prodigal Son.Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis & Overby has secured the agency for a Columbus firmfor toupees, wigs and hair goods of allpescriptions. The prices on wigs andtoupees range from S15 up. 10 tfCall Issued.State Chairman H. R. Prewitt. today issued a call for a meeting of theState Central Committee for Louisville next Friday to settle the disputein the Third Senatorial district as towho is the rightful Democratic nominpp for State Senator Seldon R.Glenn and Henry R. Lawrence bothclaim the nomination and have agreedto submit theirldifferences to the State,governing body.Body is Crushed Under Train.Thomas StamDS. a farmer 'of theCenterville precinct and member of aprominent Bourbon county family,committed suicide Sunday morning bythrowing himsell in tront ot a soutnhnund L. & N. passenger train.Stamps Sunday morning started downthe railroad track to walk to TalbottStation. When near the section houseat the Peacock pike crossing a shortdistance from Paris, he was warnedby Section Foreman Million that itwas dangerous for him to be on thetrvack. Stamps replied that he didnot care, as he was going to kill himself anyway.The foreman followed him to thecrossing and endeavored to persuadehim to take the pike, but Stamps continued on the track. When the trainwas within a lew feet of him, turninga short, sharp curve in a cut. Stampsdeliberately threw himself in front ofthe engine and was instantly killed.Every bone in his body was broken. -The train was brought to a stop ashort distance from where the tragedyoccurred and the body was picked upand brought to this city where it wasremoved to the undertaking establishment of George W. Davis.The First Gun.The first of the candidates for anomination before the DemocraticState Primary to favor Pat is with anappointment to speak i3 tho Hon. F.J. McDermott, of Louisville, candidatefor Lieutenant Governor who willspeak here Saturday afternoon, Mr.McDermott is a man of great abilityand iare honors as an crator and hiscoming will be quite a treat to theDemocrats of Bourbon county.Big Piano Sale.Is now going on. Pianos $125 up, $1down and $1 per week. Main street,opposite Agricultural Bank.Ice Cream Social.The Richard Hawes Chapter, UnitedDaughters cf the Confederacy willgive an ice crean and strawberry supper in the McClintock building opposite the Agricultural Bank, Thursday, IMay 25, from 1 to G and 7 to 10 o'clock.Admission 25 cents. The patrons will tbe served with the richest cream, finest strawberries and the most delicioushome made cakes. Everybodyjnvited.Beautiful Gifts for Commencement Season.We have a beautiful line of booksand other very appropriate gifts forschool graduates.23 'it PARIS BOOK CO.Public Speaking.Hon. E. J. McDermott, of Louisville, candidate . for the Democraticnomination for Lieutenant Governor,will address the voters at 1 :30 pm.Saturday, May 2.ISTAMP STORES.Get your postage stampsfrom Varden & Son, Oberdorfer, Fordham Hotel, orBrooks' drug store.Rev Clark Chosen as President.Rev. J. L. Clark, formerly patsor ofthe Paris Methodist church, now presiding elder of the Covington Districtof the Kentucky Conference of theMethodist Epicsopal Church, South,has been unanimously chosen by theBoard of Education of Kentucky Wesleyan College to succeed Prof. John J.Tigert, who recently resigned on account of ill health, as president ofKentucky Wesleyan College. Mr.Clark i3 a graduate of Kentucky Wesleyan and is a member of the Board ofEducation. He has been preaching inthe Methodist Church for about tenyears. He was president of the Burnside Academy for several years. Rev.Mr. Clark is one of the leading members of the Kentucky Conference andone of the best known preachers ofthe denomination in Kentucky.Hot Weather Essentials.Fresh Brick, Imported Swiss andNew York Cream Cheese, minced ham,boiled ham, canne meats of all kinds.Best ice tea on the marketWE DOPlain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines, Automobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sam'l Kerslake & Son.In0DAK23 2tT. LENIIIAN.RELIGIOUS.The new Catholic church at Winchester was dedicated with appropriate exercises Sunday.Public Sale.Two valuable pieces of Main streetproperty belonging to Mrs. M. A. Paton will be olferpd at public sale onSaturday May 27 at two o'clock p. in.See the ad.Daugberty BrosMain Street,PARIS, KENTUCKYSpecial.LACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.8W. Ed. Tucker.i FEESCut RateCash Specialsis:IJowl MeatSugar Cured Nothing Finer For Seasoning.Our Price per lb.10cArgo StarchThe Best Starch Made3 Five Cent Boxes For 10cLP JEu -EZj CDThe Truth About the Pole.There will be produced at the CometTheatre on next Thursday one oE themost remarkable moving pictures evershown in Paris. It is entitled "TheTruth About the Pole," and is trulyan international sensation. It hasstartled the. world as no motion picturehas ever done before. "The TruthAbout the Pole" is an absorbingdrama film of the tar North in whichthe national explorer, Dr. FrederickA. Cook, supported by an eminent castof prominent pantomimists, exposesfor the first time the most minute details of the svorld's greatest conspiracy. Dr. Cook's friends as well as his enemies, those who believe he reachedthe pole and those who believe he didnot, alike find this feature motionpicture the most interesting production of modern times, owing to its unusual dramatic value and rare photographic beauty. It comes to Paris direct from a long run atHammerstein'sManhattan Opera House in Mew YorkCity.The story of a jealous rival'is told inmotion photography with true fidelityand startling realism. Scenes in theice bound north pole region are reproduced. Dr. Cook himself appears inpolar raiment, together with Esquimaux, nativa dogs, sleds, while otherprominent characters include the Arctic Trust, Barrill, who figured in theMt. McKinley attack, the commanderof the Roosevelt and Whitney, thefriend of Cook.The picture comprises two reels ofone thousand feet each and also fiftyslides of views of the far north takenby Dr. Cook.In order to give everyone a chanceto see this wonderful picture theComet will be open Thursday morningat ten o'clock and run until 12 o'clocknoon, opening again at one o'clock andcontinuing until ten at night.On account of the great expense attached to securing this picture theprice for this day only will be tencents to everyone. Every man, womanand child in Paris should see thi3 trulywonderful picture. Don't forget thedate next Thursday.J. T. HINTONWANTED.Pasture for fifty mare mules. Writeterms toJ. J. GROSCHE,23 3t Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.Grass Seed Strippers for sale,almostgood as new, with good combs. IMFB. D. GOFF,23 5t , , Winchester, Ky?See MyHammocks,Porch andLawnSwings,Porch andLawnFurniture.Get One For BabyNothing delights bcy morethan to be taken everywheremother goe-. With the Oriole(jO-Haket on cango shopping,calling, visiting on car,trains, elevators takingbaby with youami never lifting him outonce. Simplypull a cordan 1 the GoBasket attics gently tothe ground,where it willj-taml aloneor can bepicked upand carried onthe armwithease.can also be used as a High Chair, Bassinetor Baby Jumper. Most economical articleever invented for children. Physiciansendorse its use.If you arc thinking of buying a coachfor baby let us talk it over with you.I AM THEv Jukffsr-bDeiigw flil; f t hyfor jJjJIl ' v JWBaby iW'i na 1mfi& nSoCom- gVl. "Qthe mk.mThe L7 &rSpecialPricesThisWeekonAllGo-Carts. tREFRIGERATORMAIN!My best is the NORTH STAR,My good is the STAR,My cheap is the MAJESTIC,My cheapest is the NEW ICEBERG.iFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsv, Home Thone 286J. T. HINTON.IIiI"II?k- rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 23, 19U.BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank Steeleprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY.14 mch 3m E. T. phone o5'.BMtweB 1B W J!lJl.MHfBe33Ci':TgTTyvYFtCHAUTAUQUALAKE-is best reached by theEric H R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJute 1 to Sept. CO.Special 30 -Day ExcursionsJnl 6 and 27MAWS DEBT PP6SERmrHeaith, Strength, Vioorr Vitality,j. 5H3 IOOE OF QaFESSE 10 O.r-T--JCT F..'SwKNOW YOUSScLFIFrep 1 ya rr.nTi T.isrlit Tor Erow-uan.mail, etaled, to xLobo ciicioMu- xtu ten . iabtaraps, for postage, etc. Wort, its tif.i . iicold to any discouraged, EufWing man. I .iabook contains -vital facte on ucuto and clr .r.icdiseases, including Ncnout and I2mhu1wb.sha vi..iri . ir.tiii irmniiv.Varicocele and all Rie:n.cu and BtoIIi-tle of Men from whit ever cius ; how reduced, how cured; also Mood rci-on. its ternl-lo. .. . 1. H..Janl citATfft 1TI 114Scrnmer Excursion Ticketsen sale to New York Gty and all Eastern resort.Stop-o cr at Chautauqua LaLe and Niagara Falls pcrrciitcd on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or writeJ. H. Webster, Gen! Agent PassengerDept 416 Walnut St. Gncinnati, O., forfurther information.May23-june 23UUCCU, UUn CUICU . tuw i'luuu x i i-vu. --results; its conqueror by medical science in uslatest anu most remartiaoie uciur. 4...wij-fangs of this nwf nl malady and making it quicklyand easily curable. Write for ittodav.Address the Ir. DOLLE INSTITUTE.Suite One, Columbia Theater Bldg.,Cincinnati,0.Famous for almost a ecore of years in Cincinnatiu a Specialist to Men. ,.FOR RENT.Fnnr rnnm hnnep. larc& harn :mdother outhouses, together with about. five acres of ground in the city limitc.Apply toT. P. WOODS.24 tf or GEO. RASSENF033'Wss&s&?&? sssWE SELL JAT RIGHT PRICES gLUMBER, LATHS, XSHINGLES, POSTS, (SASHES, DOORS, jfBLINDS, HARD AND (SOFT COAL, fiAGENTS FORAmaflteRoofing.AS THE HERDS GROWas the farm equipment increases, so grows the need ofMORE SHED ROOM! 'That man is wise who who provides abundance of shed room for tstock and chattels. And the wiser, the sooner. Pm Ctme and talk with us about the cost of building sheds,jj TEMPLiN LUMBER CO.SSSSS?;SMSS iSSS I4e - Hl ja SIV- COWED' THE THIEVES.Odd but Effective Way of Attaching aMan's Property.Attaching a man's property for debtis supposed to be a legal process, butan incident which occuried years ago inthe city of Natchez, as related by DavyCrockett in his ''Life and Adventures."shows that there are other "attachments" which sometimes accomplish abeneficent purpose.An odd affair occurred when I waslast at Natchez, declared Mr. Crockett.A steamboat stopped at the landing,and one of the crew went ashore topurchase provisions. He went into asaloon on the way, and the adroit inmates contrived to rob him of all hismoney. The captain of the boat, a determined fellow, went ashore in thehope of persuading them to refund,but they declined.Without further ceremony the captain, assisted by his crew and passengers, some 300 or 400 in number, madefast an immense cable to the framebuilding where the theft had beencommitted. Then he allowed Ofteenminutes for the money to be forthcoming, vowing that if it were notproduced within that time he wouldput steain to his boat and drag thehouse into the river.The thieves knew that he wouldkeep his word, and the money waspiomptly produced.k 30 zTouring Car $1 ,000P. O. B. DetroitPRESENCE OF MIND. 1 7 Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster Model $1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050The Earl Kept His Head, and theHighwayman Lost His.In "Sporting Days and SportingWays" Ralph Nevill relates two incidents of the early nineteenth centuryin which English highwaymen figure:"In August. 1S10, Lady Stanley,traveling fiom York accompanied byher servant, was stopped by a highwayman, when the maid in her alarmtook up a bottle of ginger beer, andthe cork flying out made such a reportthat the highwayman instantly galloped off in great alarm."Lord Berkeley's encounter with oneof the famous "gentlemen of the road"had more serious consequences:"Being driven over Hounslow Heathhe was awakened from sleep by hiscoach being brought to a standstilland a threatening face looking in atthe window.44 I have you at last, my lord.' saida grufl! voice, 'though you said youwould never yield to a robber. Deliver!'" 'Certainly,' was the earl's reply,"but tell me first who is that lookingovotyour shoulder?'"The highwayman turned his headto look and at the same moment LordBerkeley shot him through the headdead."soPOWER To go anywhere.RELIABILITY None ever wore out.ECONOMY Easy on tires and fuel.APPROVED-By 25,000 owners.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sis., Paris, Ky.iSK8S&SHave Stood The TestTfeMeion SjStylesipnngFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tanRussia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits yourconvenience.M'WillNo more'tickets given on raffle until further notice Eft'IThe Lien of St. Mark.The symbol of the Venetian republicthe famous lion of St. Mark is madeof bronze. There is a tradition amongthe Venetian people that its eyes arediamonds. They are really white, agates, faceted. Its mane is most elaborately wrought, and its retracted, gaping mouth and its fierce mustachesgive it an oriental aspect. The creature as it now stands belongs to manydifferent epochs, varying from somedate previous to our era down to thiscentury. It is conjectured that it mayhave originally formed a pait of thedecoration of some Assyrian palace.St. Mark's lion it certainly was notoriginally, for it was made to standlevel upon the ground and had to beraised up in front to allow the evangelto be slipped under its fore paws.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford3 Ofralrs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Verden I Son.Druggist,mOSHV.ttlI SPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shoppingour Drygoods and Ready-to-Wear Millinery andShoe Department. We have for your inspection afashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits, 'Drygoods.Skirts, Dress Goods,Dresses, Silks,Waists. White Goods,Silk Petticoats, Laces,Muslin Underwear, Trimmings,Slippers, Embroideries,Millinery, Flaxons, Etc.We are always pleased to have-ou Gall and seaour handsome Spring selection.S3!mciSHii'Z.Si551mss$v;&SSEgTWIN BROS.,it nr.- o- c, ., , .gs iwo joig oiores in une ior. tn ana MainParis, Kentuckymmmmmmwmmmmmmmm,WAISKUNK1m MaM66l U F3G6 tO Fa 66!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat. in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.Twin BroBrLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.The Very Oldest Inn.Which is the oldest inn in England?The title deeds of the Saracen's Headat Newark date back to lllll. and localantiquaries cite documentary i idnceto prove that the Seven Stais :si Manchester existed before the year l.TG.There is even a legend tlrTit the wifeof Earl Godwin stayed at the Tonatain at Canterbury in 1029. "But whatare all these compared with the Flighting Cock at St Albans, mentioned In'Old Country Inn,' and said to bethe oldest inhabited house in England?A few years ago its signboard modestly chronicled the fact that it had been'rebuilt after the tlood.' "fspmif&Km&xzzQI"IThe Tree Frog of Paraguay.In the manner of disposing of theireggs many species of frogs exhibit remarkable peculiarities. A tree frog,native of Paraguay, makes its nest ina bush overhanging a pond. The lower ends of a number of leaves aredrawn together and fixed in that position by a number of empty egg capsules. The eggs are also covered witha shield of empty capsules to protectthem from the sun and air. When theeggs are hatched the plug at the bottom appears to fall out and the tadpoles tumble into the water.CHARLES W. HECK,sI SUCCESSORS TO1 M0LXIBA Y 5c 5ETTJLECarriage and Repair shod at Paris. Ky.,Invites the Public Patronage.I Twenty-five years experience in the business. ftOut of His Class.Dissatisfied Patron Gentle disposition! Why, he wants to bite the headoff every dog he meets. I've beenswindled! Dog Merchant You didn'tought to keep dogs at all. mister. Theanimals you ought to keep wiv yourtemperament is silkworms! LondonPunch.'JSo they keep put-strict Gclf."You mustn't touch the ball. Use astick.""How am I going to get it out of amudhole with a stick? Caddy, go overto the clubhouse and borrow a pair oftongs." Pittsburg PostTimely.Howell He doesn't know much.Powell No; he couldn't tell a dogwatch from a cuckoo -clock. Exchange. Knowledge and timber shouldn't bemucimiMd until theyvar seasoned. -Holmcc- ..,-..Everybody Wants aYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one.ting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Lumber & MPf 'q Company,Yard at Office,15th and. Main Sts.IncorporatedPARIS, KY.Home Phnc 12; L T. 530THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 23,19117mmA Rmmt Cvtt Nisf0tisflp4iMh Try R FtmBRJGNOL! IN A RAGE.Hiii.'The Brown Pivot-BeamBiding Cultivator.Fool Treadles attached to the Beams which connect with the sleeve arch infront, so that the forward pressure of the foot shafts the beams in their lateralmovement.When the beams are Toked togrther with our unique Adjustable Spreader, theforward motion of the operator's foot moves the beams in a like direction, andwhen used independently, a small coil spring on each beam is brought into action,so when pressing forward with the foot, the beams move away from the plant andwithout any effort on the part of the operator the spring brings them back to therow.With this construction, any desired penetration is secured through Brown'sPatent Hitch in connection with levers ; and in addition, the operator has the advantage of pressing directly on the beam with the foot, thus enabling him to perfectly regulate the depth of plowing regardless of the irregularity of the soil.The power or leverage through the agency of these foot treadles is practicallydouble that of auy other device and the action on the beams is not only powerfulbut the beams respond quickly to the pressure of the foot.Distance between beams can be changed quickly without operator leaving theseat. Movable axles so that wheels can be adjusted to track any desired distanceapart.This cultivator is easily adjusted to balance with any weight of operator,test will prove it the best.Yerkes & Kenney,Paris, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Buildinc1 Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones J Homef E. T. 334.) Home 334.ResidenceDR. A. H KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Ofiices, Rooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - KentuckyHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.6. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:-See Mitchell& Blakemore Building. -920 Main St. , 'Phones .586.JinnkLanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Dink,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andIghtning.Your patr3nare aottcteea.rrrnmargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,LParis, Ky.OESPEndures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on inwrting until yourdealer upple Superior.UuMiTrwtOM.Jwtx :, Pr-iJ ifr-ritr Pttkrf Cm Cm.ALIQUID CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILS 'In regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Dont imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A. true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWlntergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients a3 combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start th9cure, and give you instant relief.For Sale by G. S. VaaJen & Son.Superior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent- This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co."Live In Deeds, Not Hours."A butterfly has more enjoyment Inhis 24 hours than an elephant in hiscentury.Balked at Cold Steel."I wouldn't let a doctor cut my footoff," said H. D. Ely, Bahtam, Ohio,"although a horrible ulcer had beenthe plague of my life for four yearsInstead I uaedBucklen'e Arnica Salveand my foot was soon completely cured." Heals burns,boiIs, eores, bruises,eczema, pimples, corns. Surest pilecure. 25c at Oberdorfer'i. i MffcCarries Most SandVnapp?ciativ Audiane nr.a cSympathetic Strvaot.Brignoli. the famous Italian tenor,always expected an encore, no mattetwhere or what he sang, and If it wasnot forthcoming he was off in a rageinstantly. In some small town hesang his favorite song. "Com e Gentil,"a serenade from Donizetti's "Don Pasqnale," with unusual care and walkedoff the stage perfectly satisfied, pausing at the wings to listen to the applause. To his utter amazement therewas not a sound of .approbation. Hestrode into the dressiug room muttering that he would not respond to aneneore: he would refuse to sing another song. Still the house remainedBilent. "No," he cried to those abouthim; "I refuse to sing agaiu. ! refuseto respond to the encore."Barbagelata, who was more cleverthan the ordinary servant, humbly approached and said:"Signor Brignoli, you sang that likean angel. The people could not appreciate it.The old fellow nearly wept."Barbagelata," he exclaimed, "givbme your hand. I did not know youwere such a musician. Tagliapietra, Imust introduce you to Barbagelata, myservant," turning to "Tag," who stoodnear by. "He is a great musician,"went on Brignoli, still in a temper."He appreciates my singing more thanall those fools."INSTANT DEATH.It Is Not So Quick but That the MindHas Time to Act.It is questionable if such a phenomenon as instant death is known to thescientist and investigator. Physiciansand surgeons tell us that death by gunshot wound is the easiest mode pfterminating life: yet, rapid as such amode of taking off must necessarily be.the body has leisure to feel and timeto reflect and on rare occasions even toact.On the Grst attempt of one of theadherents of the Spanish monarch toassassinate William, prince of Orange,the ball passed through the bones ofhis face and brought him to the ground.In the instant which preceded stupefaction, however, he was able to framethe notion that the ceiling of a roomhad fallen in and crushed him.Another question in this connectionis that of probable pain. Although numerous instances could be cited insupport of the view that the mind actsin cases of so called instant death, itby no means follows that the inflictionof a fatal blow is attended by the leastsemblance of pain or a single pang of"Tfear or regret. Unless death resultsimmediately, however, the pain maybe as varied as the nature of the injuries. Winning a Fur Coat.The artist nans Canon once painted a Russian prince in a magniflcentfur mantle which took his fancy sogreatly that be endeavored to hit on aplan by which he might retain possession of it. On bending home the portrait he omitted to return the garment,and to the letter requesting him to doso he made no reply. One day whenlooking out of a window he saw theprince coming toward his house. Hastily slipping into the garb. Canon satdown in an armchair near the fire.The prince, who had come for his coat,started on seeing Canon groaning andtrembling at the fireside. "What isthe matter with you?" he asked. "Oh,"groaned Canon, ,4I don't know what itis, but I feel so weak and wretched,and I cannot get warm. Two daysago my brother died of smallpox, andI am a bit nervous ab.mt myself.'1The artist kept the cr:'t.Diodrich Knickerbocker.It 'may be that a Dutchman namedKnickerbocker did live in the earlyhistory of New York, but if he didthere are no records extant to prove it.The truth is, the name was created byWashington Irving, who applied it toall residents of New York in his timewho happened to be descended fromthe early Dutch settlers. Irving usedthis quaint Dutch character in hid"Knickerbocker History of New York"to burlesque the early days of the city.The volume purported to have beenthe work of Diedrich Knickerbockerand gave an amusing and satirical account of the early Dutch settlers. Records of the period tell us that the bookbitterly offended their descendants,who never forgave Irving for his tlingat them. New York Times.y,Boiled Oysters.In "Social Life In the P.e!gn of QueenAnne" Swift writes to Stella. "LordMasham made me go home with himto eat boiled oysters." and then heobligingly adds the recipe: "Take oysters, wash them clean that is. washtheir shells clean: then put your oysters in an earthen pot with their hollow side down: then put this pot. covered, into a great kettle of water andlet it boil. Your oysters are then boiledIn their own liquor and do not mixwith water." 4A Leading Question'."Mr. Wombat?""What is it. Tommy?""When you were a little boy and fellers called on your sister, did they evergive you a nickel to go out and play?"Kansas City Journal.Saving Money.Mrs. Muggins Don't you ever try toave any money? Mr. Muggins Sure.I waved $4 today. Borrowell struck mefor 5, and I only let him have $LPhiladelphia Record.Do as well a you can today, aud'pernr.ps tomorrow you may be ahlt'to doetjeF.-Rt?, Joh'Ntwtoar? rAnThe editors of "Health Hints" and"Questions and Answers" have onequestion that is put to them more often than any other, and -whichstrangely enough, they find the mostdifficult to answer. That is "Howcap I cure my constipation?"Dr. Caldwell, an eminent specialistin diseases of the stomach, liver andbowels, has looked the whole fieldover, has practised the specialty forforty years and is convinced that theingredients contained in what iscalled Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinhas the best claim to attention fromconstipated people.Its success in the cure of stubbornconstipation has done much to displace the use of salts, waters, strongTOM MACKThe"Premium Jack.Fine Hack jack, 16 hands high, largebone, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom fc'ack will make the s:ason of1911 at Marchmont Stock r'armon theWinchester pike, 2 miles east of Paris,at$10 for Mares and $15 lor JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonmoney is paid. Mares kept at 53 permonth or ten cents per day on crass.Not responsible for accidents cr escapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY.E. T. Phone 57.R. F. D. No. 2. Pari, Ky.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters Sror Draft Horses.BLACK PRINCENo. 4S.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtyp2 of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight. Kas proven to be a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will make the seasonlawn Stock FarmAbou 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt iafoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKSON, Lair, Ky.It Is AlwaysA Jay BirdA. superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:09. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2.IIJ14. He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:lo); was thechampion racing stallion of 1901-1905; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:14; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record 2:05;seven-year-old record 2:03; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A: LIVING fOALJNORAB 36915, Trial 2,5 6, TrottingBrown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 bv Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:07 and Malcolm J. Fori (3) 2:03) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR ALIVING fOALW. A. BACONMaplehurst-Farm, ParisJKentuckyfB 1 X 1"1Daldwin"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be f onnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce. uvFor sale by all i first-class grocersandjdealers.1BaldwinPacking Go.Paris, Kentucky.eathartics and such things. SynPepsin, by training the stoMck zm4bowel muscles to again do Uwir worknaturally, and with its tonic mgr4tents strengthening the nerves, briavgsabout a lasting cure. Among itsstrongest supporters are Mr. JoImGraveline of 98 Milwaukee Ave.; Detroit, Mich., and Mr. J. A. Venom ofOklahoma City. Thousands of othersof both sexes have written to Dr.Caldwell telling of gratifying resoftsIt can be obtained of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, orif you want to try it first a free sample bottle can be obtained by writingthe doctor. 'For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell. 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, 111.THESADDLE STALLION,Ben D'orr152 hands high, heavy mane "and tailwill make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthTJiddletown pikes at$15 to insure a Living ColtBEN D'OR is by McDonald Chief.sire of Dandy Jim, Hughe3 . Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy, by Lovely, he byLedger; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, marrparted with, or bred to another horse "Lien retained on all colt3 until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents orj escapes.t. a. samth.R. F. D. No. 1, Paris, KyBURLEYBlack PercheronTVt. 175$1 5 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and hi3 get have proveirto be of the very best. There i3 asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burley, both upon the farm and in the cities. Theystand more work than the generalof horses. Burley isTyears old, a beautiful black. He is well-formed and ofthe clas3 that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price.of 1911 at Wood-LOOANDA 802,-1PackimgK0.9i&-ttf:.'Sfer4'-5.2fy-yTHE BOURBON NEWS, 7 PARIS, MtfTUCKY, . MAY 23,1911.MILLERSBUIG ITEMS.Commencement souvenirs at McComwH's. 16 4tMr. Robert Hunter, of Washington,is the guest of relatives here.Have you seen the college spoons atMcConnell's? 16 4tMr and Mrs. Ashby Leer attendedthe funeral of Mrs. Ollie Spears atParis Friday.Mrs. T. J. Prather returned Fridayafter a few daya' visit to Mrs. E. P.Po,ue, at Lexington.Mrs. Elizabeth Miller entertainedthe senior class of M. F. C. Fridayevening from 8 to 10.Mr. W. P. Shanklin and Mrs. SallielBest are attending the General Assembly of the Southern Presbyterianchurch at Louisville.Flowers Carnations and roses. Placeyour commencement order early.12 at LOUISE CRAY, Agent.Mr. 0. M. Johnson and family at-teraed the funeral of Mr. Ed. Myall Jat Paris Sunday afbernoon. Mr. Myallwas a brother of Mrs. Johnson.Miss Nannie Barbee, ttoe famousdialect reader, will give a reading under the auspices of the ladies of thePresbyterian church at M. M. I. drillhall Thursday evening at eight o'clock.Miss Bradley, instructor in Expression at M. F. C., was called to herhome at Washington Friday morningon account of the serious illness of hergrandmother, who died the followingday.Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Wells Mr. J.B. Cray and mother, Mrs. Mollie Cray,Mrs. F. F. Hurst and daughters, Misses Gladys and Amelia Hurst, Mrs. E.B. Taylor were amoLg the numberwho attended ths Sunday School andC. W. B. M. Convention at Carliaslelast week.Mr. E. P. Claike celebrated his sev-enty-Recondbirthday Sunday with afamily reunion. Those present were:Mr. and Mrs. Robert Boone and littleson, Milton, Mr. and Mrs. J. WillClarke and little daughter, Katherine,Lexington; Mr. J. Smith Clarke,Campbellsville, Mr. and Mrs. W. G.Leer and son, Clarke Leer, Millersburg. The following are guests at M. F.C. : Miss Louetta Crawley, Cincinnati; Miss Katherine Cook, Jackson,Ky. ; Miss Bessie Stevenson, Vanceburg; Miss Elizabeth Stears.Nicholas-ville; Miss Mararet Asbury, Dover;,MiM.Lucy Ross, Cynthiana; Dr. R. A.Hardie and wieand Miss Grace Hardie and Mr. Robert Hacdie and MiesHelen, uo Seoul, Korea.Millersburg u once more in holidayattire. The annual commencementexercises of the M. F. C. are on andquite a number of visitors are in thetown and community.The exercises opened Friday morning on the college campus with a gameof basket ball between the Dixie Starsand Mohawks, the contending teamsof the college. The young ladies hadbeen coached by Miss Lottie Ryman,of Cincinnati, one of the student body,and were well drilled. The MohawksI won by a score of 16..to 12.r riaay eveninz at eignt o ciock meUpsilon Phi and Zetagathean literarysocieties contested for a gold medal inEnglish composition given by President C. C. Fisher. Four PssFys wereread by young ladies in these societies.These essays had been previously submitted to judges selected by PresidentFisher and were returned with the decision in a sealed envelope whicn wasopened at the close of the entertainment. Miss Virginia Crutcher, ofParis, received the medal. Alias Hazel Kerr, of Millersburg, was a closesecond. The piano numbers, the prophesies and choruses of the societieswere among the other interesting features of the program. At the clcse ofthe entertainment the Upsilon Phi entertained the Zetagatheans with refreshments in the dining room.Saturday morning at 9:r0 the classday work was taken up opening with aparade and the setting out of a tree onthe college camnus, with an addressis an eloquent irxaker and his discourse, which consumed fifty minutes,was listened to with iaterett. Thmusical program was exceedingly goodTwelve graduates composed the class.In the evening Rev. Hamilton preached the annual missionary sermon tdthe Y. W. C. A., after which a liberalcontribution was taken.Mrs. Fithian, Paris, Mrs. Marris,London; Miss Elsie Heller.Paris; MissAtchison, Lexington ;Mrs. W.L. Gault,Mayslick ; Mrs. Isaac Haley, Clintonville; Miss Wilmott, Lexingtun; MissSlicer, London; Miss Matilda James,Paris; Miss Pauline Morris, Dover;Miss Green, London; Miss Dawson,Bloomfield ; Miss Beulah Sanders, Poplar Plains ; Rev. T. S. Hamilton, Bluefield, W. Va. ; Mr. and Mrs. EugeneSanders, Louisville ;Miss Lucille Deer-ing. Poplar Plains ;Miss Stella McKee,Hillsboro; Mrs. Harmon Redd. Paintsville. The commencement guests beganarriving Friday and the following is apartial list of those present: MissHazel Grover, Sardis, with Miss Flor.encH Vimont, Mrs. Susie Reese, Shannon, Misses Margaret and Edith Wood,Sardis, with Mrs. Anna Jefferson;Misses Sudie May Reese, Helena, andJulia D. Rice, Lewisburg, with MissRuth Stirman ; Mr. and Mrs. M. D.Hurst, Blizaville, Mr. and Mrs. JesseEndicott, Colville, with Mr. and Mrs.S. H. Endicott; Miss Alma Hopper,May slick, with Mrs. Ashby Leer;Messrs. Flournoy Jouett, Winchester,and Donald Maus with Miss ElizabethIngles: Miss Lydia Litsey, Bardstown,with Mrs. T. P. Waddell ; Miss MaudeCinlfnlnil PlTntVllinO CUltfl M fC MflNoy Miss Bettie Reese, of Shannon, af- garet Powell ; Miss Fannie Harris,ter which all repaired tn the chapel pari3f wjth Mrs. C. D. Tackett; Misswhee the exercises were continued, Sara Land, Lexington, with Missconsisting of a number of brilliant I Kizzie May McDaniel ; Mr. J. F. Mcshort essays abounding in socialisms. Daniel, Jr., Cynthiana, with his parPerhaps the most interesting feature enfS jjr. and Mrs. J. F. McDaniel,of the morning work was the presenta- j sr. ; Miss Virginia Kackley, Flemingstion of class gifts by Miss Lucia But-! burg, with Mrs. Letton Vimont; Missler and of a number of well selectedvolumes to the library of the collegeresponded to by President Fisher.Saturday evening from 7:30 to 9:30Prof, and Mrs C. C. Fisher entertained ths student body and faculty of M.M. I. and the young men of the townand community in honor of the seniorclass. The reception was informal andJ all present had a jolly time.Kev. r. a. Hamilton, or tfiueneia,W. Va.. preached the baccalaureatees Mary Morion Arnold, Carlisle, andAnnette Grinstead, London, with MissAlma Duke Jones, Miss Ida Lee Harris. Williamson, W. Va., with MissLouise Cray ; Mrs. Frank Armstrongand son, John, Maysville, with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. I. F. Chanslor;Mrs. R. L. Bufiington, Huntington, W.Va., with her sister, Mrs. Wm. Miller;Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Claypole, of Mt.Olivet, with Mr. and Mrs.M. P. Wells;Mrs J. M. Alverson. Frankfort, witnMrs. W. F. Sagascr, Lexington, withsirs. J. Hf Campbell ; Jfr. and MrsReese Clark, Maysville, with Mr. andMrs. W. G. Leer; Mr. Frank Collins,Paris, with Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Collier: Miss Bessie T. Purnell. Paris.with Mrs. Mattie Purnell Mr. ZeneFlaugher, Maysville, at the MitchellHouse; Mr. A. B. Floyd, Paris, withMiss Mary Taylor ; Miss Grace May,Sharpsburg, with Miss Nancy Jones;Mrs. Mollie Peed, Mayslick, with Mrs.J. J. Peed; Miss Louise Best, Maysville, with Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Best.Miss Jennie Marie Pepper will leaveThursday for a visit to her aunt, Mrs.Woulfolk, at Ashland, Va.Mr. and Mrs. D.E. Clarke will movein a few days to the property of Mrs.Patty Lamb, known as the- Trotterplace, from their home recently soldto his father, Mr. J. H. Clark.Mrs. A. S. Best, Mrs. E. M. Thomason and Mrs. M. J. Whaley left thismorning for tbe State Home and Foreign Missionary Convention of the M.E. church, South, now in session atLexingtoni Our I inp fif fpHinor si1 1I ver is Very Complete.Tiifi-f -.VIO fViinop -rViI wedding gifts. IREMEMBER THISOne of Many Kinds.There are various kinds of' fools, butthe one who neglects his work in theInterest of the other fellow gets theleast out of his foolishness. AtchisonGlobe.sermon to the graduating class Sunday . iier father. Mr. J. G. Allen.morning at the Methodist church. mjss Alice Watson, Shannon, withThe spacious auditorium and Sunday J Mrs. W. R. Brvan : Mrs. Anna K.school room began filling early and bythe appointed time all the availableseating space was occupied. The audience was made up largely of handsomely gowned ladies. Rev. HamiltonBoulden and daughter, Lilly, Detroit,Mich., with Mr. and Mrs.C. B. Smith;Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Christie, Covington, with Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Butler;Mrs. W. F. Cheatham, Carlisle, andjyij j BI6HT NOW!Exclusive Footwear in all the New Toe3? Patterns andLeathers for Spring and Summer Wear Areon Exhibition in Our Store Right Now.We have ready for you the new Summer models, the smart swagger stylesfor young men, the dressy, substantial models for business and street wear, andevery one guaranteed to give satiffaction.Come in and See Them You Will be Glad You Did.Below we mention a few exceptionally good values especially priced.ON SALE THIS WEEK:Lion's Imported Dip Indorsed.As the season for shearing and dipping is very close at hand, the following letter from the Bureau of AnimalIndustry of the United States Departmentof Agriculture, will be of interest to farmers and sheep raisers:"United States Department of Agriculture, Bureau of Animal Industry,Washington, D. C, April 29, 1911."Live Stock Remedy Co.,St Louis, Mo.,"Gentlemen: Referr ir to youc letter of the 18th inst., you are advisedthat permission for the use of Lion'sDip in official dipping of si.eep for scabwas granted in November,' 1910, and allthe Inspectors in the field were so notified and advised."With respect to the list of permitted dips which you submitted with ourletter, you are advised that such listsare not printed by the Bureau, andthis office would be pleased to be advised from what source this list cameinto your possession.Very respectfully,RICE P. STEDDOM,Chief t Inspection Bureau."Lion's Imported Sheep Dipf the beston the market, can be obtained fromthe Live Stock Remedy Co. 's local representative, Rollie T. Bridwell. Callhim No. 200 Home phone, or No. 131East Tennessee phono. ItThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid. Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,Both Phones. I::t? ri' $f " f?? f'tf ft ?(? ff l4? ft ?1 ?? t& ?ff t fi'tTf ?& ft ft t Vriooutno Bicod and Kidney. r?W,tn cum "Ivirinnv nnd BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.GenUem.n:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped nc morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am olJ,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble, i have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me. so kindly sendTablets promptly.Yours truly. Thomas Taylor, Adams, 111.W. T. Brooks, Agent.,Look Hen!Screen Doors $1 to $2, complete with hangings,Adjustable Screen windows 30c, 40c and 50c,Fly Killers 10c,Lawn Mowers $3 up,Lawn Sprays 35c,Lawn Hose, guaranteed, 10c per foot,Grass Hooks and Rakes,Grass Shears 25c,Water Coolers $1 .50 up,Fishing Tackle in all grades.FORD & CO."F White Mountain Refrigerators and Ice Cream' Freezers unapproached in quality.Do thing UJonderf ulSpecial $1.99B (fill)This line consists of smart, snappy,up-to-date models in one and twostrap Pumps and Oxf jrds. Theleathers are Velvets, Suede, GunMetal Vici Kid and Patent Colt Agreat bargain. See them.Special $2.99This is another extra good value inMen's classy Footwear in Oxfordsaz.d Shoes. All the latest high toesand heels are represented. Theleathers are Patent, Tan and GunMetal, Button and Lace.rawTm hjii u n i '-. ip1 m. r .r fMisses and Children's Patent Leather Peekaboo Slippers Special price, sizes 81-2 to 11, $1.24;11 1-2 to 2, $1.49.DAN COHENV336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGN(0)(0)(ft)(0)Abou OurValuesNothing surprising even.The good values we offer coniesfrom knowing the marketr. thoroughly,and of getting all that belongs toFurniture of the better class.That's all but it's enough.It's more than a great many Fnrnituredealers have to give, and YOUmay just as well as not have yourhew Furniture as good as it CAN BE.Will you keep this quality fact inmind when you've Furniturebuying to do?You'll be the gainer by so doing.W:(0)$The New Better Value StoreC. M. Wheeler furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingiH1'-4vIBOTH TELEPHONEStV.!i- a - ' yv.