lrkTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEASx."VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTMEBER 8, 1911.iSISemi-WeeklymmiAt TheSIMONDcp'tMonday,Store,Sept. 11,ONE KII1EDIN ACCIDENTAuto Containing Lexington PartyCrashed into Trolly PoleInjuring 3 Others.-GLENN ELKINS THE VICTIMHoward Gratz Seriously Hurt andMay Die Bourbon BoySlightly Injured.r"WE KNOW HOW"lM910c Laces at Half-price,5c per yard.Sale Begins 9 a. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE--A beautiful line of Neckwear justI received. Kiftify ''''ivfp SsSSTASpecials For $bs99WvizFAIR WEEK IStandard Granulated Sugar, 15 lbs $1.00JK Imported Swiss Cheese, per lb 35jl Brie Cheese, per lb 30fjfo N. Y. Cream Ceeese, per lb 20Boiled Ham, per lb ' 35W Minced Ham, per lb :; 15W Old Reliable Coffee, 2 lbs.... 4. .-....?.. 4.., 55)K Arm & Hammer Soda, 3 lbs." .'. ...,:. 25n Lenox Soap, 3 bars wft Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25 ijff$S Blueing, 2 boxes .'..... J:. ...'..: . . .. .05 StyArgo Starch, 3 boxes 10 mM5 gals. Oil, the Best 1 45 JKj As the result of an automobile accidentj which occurred shortly after 12 o'clockTuesday night, Glenn Elkins, of Iyexmgton, aged 26 years, received injuries fromwhich he died an hour later, HowardGratz, of Lexington, sustained injurieswhich may result fatally, and WarrenFisher, of North Middletown, thiscounty, and Robert Cunningham, ofLexington, sustained slight bruises andcuts. ,The accident occurred about threemiles from Paris on the Lexington pikeat a ponit known as Shanty Spring,where a sharp curve in the road probably deceived the driver of the car,nvhich was evidently being driven downthe hill at a rapid rate of speed, thedriver thinking he had a straight roadand before the course of the car couldbe changed, the machine skidded, crushed into a trolly pole, the wheels of theleft side of the car .striking the track,throwing the occupants out.The force of the impact broke thetrolly pole a few feet from the groundand the wheels of the car demolished,and the machine thrown across the jnterurban track.Elkins was found on the opposite sideof the track with his head between twocross-ties and lying across the body ofGratz, who struck the embankment androlled to the side of the track.-Mr. Chas. A. Webber was the first torender any assistance to the injuredmen. Mr. Webber was returning hqinefrom the dance at Elks' Hall last nightFall And Tinier Hats.Dunlap and Stetson Hats for Fall and Winter arenowready for your inspection. You will find in our line all thenew shapes, both in .Stiff and Soft Hats. The RoughScratch Hat in Creys and Browns are popular this season.Our Fall Suits and Overcoats in light and , heavyweight in the new shades are now ready for yourinspection.aMin company with his wife, Miss Chowney, of Shelbyville, and Miss Erthnnn,j?Don't Overlook Our Shoe Department.Mitchell & Blakemore,i6BLUE RIBBONThe, Flour of QualityBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,Vf na1? &S&S'S!''S!''S' "ST 55"3r vT SS9'msCVE ?bv??tlr-5Bfe&FALL SHIRTSwt1911m?i$if.We Are Showing All the NewShirts for Fall.-tfVi&The Fountain at $1.00The Price Shirt at $,1.50Fancy Patterns, with Collar tomatch, at $1.253HsMS81iftfcPrice & Co.,Clothiers.JismmmWfcWmWtfmm . wm2 iiotmers. mof Ivexineton.At the turn in the road Mr. Webberbrought his machine to almost a complete stopTwhen he was hailed by Fi Vrwho informed him of the accident andand asked Jiim to assist in getting themen to Paris.Mr. Webber drove his car to hishome and returned to the scene of theaccident. In the "meantimetMrs. Webber had telephoned to Dr. G. G.Daugherty, who hastily prepared togive the injured men medicial attention. Arriving at the scene, Mr. Webber,Cjk'd who regarded Elkins as probably theJK ' most fatally injured of the party, with:K the assistance of Fisher"and Cunning-i,aa . ...ham, succeeded in getting the man inis car and brought him to Paris, leav-g Gratz in charge of a negro namedito Coleman.1 j Mr. Webber returned to the scentVr fmmorliafolv nfJ-pr hnrninc F.lkins overto the care of.'Dr. Daugherty, in company with Dr. Wm. Dudley and Patrolman G. N. McKenney, and rushedGratz to this city, where he was waited upon by Dr. Dudley at the office ofDrs. Fithian and Dauhertv.Elkins lived but about an hour afterhe was brought to Paris. His skullwas crushed at the base and the scalptorn from his head. It is evident thatin being thrown from the car his headstruck the end of a cross tie, fracturing the skull. He died without everregaining consciousness.The body was removed to the undertaking establishment of Geo. W. Daviswhere it was prepared for burial andsent to Lexintgon on the 7:30 L. & N.train this morning. Mr. Webber communicated with Mr. W. I. Hughes, theemployer of Elkins, in Lexington, at2 o'clock this morning, who with Mr.Leon Smith came to Paris in an automobile. When picked up Gratz was ble'edingprofusely from the nose and mouth.An examination revealed a broken collar bone and shoulder and several fractured ribs. He is believad to be internally injured. His relatives were immediately notified of the accident andearly this morning he was rushed to aLexington hospital in Mr. W. W.Mitchell's automobile. He had partlyregained consciousness. His conditionis regarded as critical.Neither Fisher nor Cunningham sustained any serious injury, the formersuffering a sprained ankle and the latter, who was driving the machine, aslight cut on the leg. Both men returned to Lexington las'1 night.The machine, which was a completewreck, was the property of C. D. Cunningham,father of Robt. Cunningham.Gratz is well known in this city, being the son of Mrs. Birdie Gratz.formerly Miss Ogden.of this county.IOutfitters to MenParis,JKentuckyW -- u -lf. ,SLIKI1II1I1I1 1 1 IllIUiUItLLlIUillII! II I II!! 1 1III111III 111 IIIIUI I UlIIlIll II IIIIII1L11IIIIU llllllllllll IIUMlIIIIUllIIHIUlIIllIliiriJa5FRANK & CO.The4 Store Where Reliability Reigns.ECORDIALLY INVITEYou to make their store your headquartersat all times. When you come to Paris duringBourbon Fair be sure and make us a call.Newest styles in Fall and Winter Ready-to-Weargarments for Ladies', Misses and Children now ready for your inspection." " " "Suits, Separate Skirts, Cloaks, Waistsand Dresses.sA.An elegant assortment of Reay-to-Wear Hatsin Ladies, Misses and Children. See ournew White Hats with Veils and have one towear to the Fair. - ,'M"m pfans,Frank & Co.-. - KentuckyHiitiiuiiiiiiiiiuiriniiiiiin) :s:iiiiiiii)iiiiMiriiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiii!iiiiiiiTuiiiuuiiinmiiiiiiiiiiiiiirainitiiu!i.uiMU)tiS: s&s:Bii3ns3Bt sm vmmt?3& 53 &: :&:lvl &V& ZiH x . ilk 2131 Xxt"Inin1iM.1fJl?r3PL-tt .uSJkA?'ro iCjddc tiorpsuuojui psre3p iotpinj joj 'sSuipjinqio spui5 joj sjqtng QAisuadxauj suiospuepj jooid-UULOgl JOOldSJI j Sipdsy P33M J3A9JJvJ SpS WASfyj $THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES 124." NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Strong Healthy WomenIf a. woman is strong and healthy in a womanly way, motherhood means io her but little suffering. The trouble, liesin the fact that the many women suffer from weakness anddisease of the distinctly feminine organism and are unfittedfor motherhood. This can be remedied.Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionCurss the weaknesses end disorders of women.It acts directly on the delicate and importantorgans concerned in motherhood, making themhealthy, strong, vigorous, virilo and elastic."Favorite Prescription" banishes the indispositions of theperiod of expectancy and makes baby's advent easy andclmost nainlcss. It Quickens and vitalizes the feminineSWFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; t0 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.organs, and insures a healthy and robust baby. Thousands of women havetestified to its marvelous merits.It Makes Weak Women Strong. It Makes Sick Women Well.Honest druggists do not offer substitutes, and urge them upon you as "justMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.as good. Accept no secret nostrum in place ot this non-secret remedy. Itcontains not a drop of alcohol and not a grainof habit-fo:drugs. Is a pure glyceric extract of healing, native Americalt-iorming or injurious:rican roots.ONE YEAR,2.00 SIX MONTHS, Payable in Advance$1.00Wj JV ZJ' S-"T JT .'A HHk zzMI -flPvHv RiCSNALITYreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Cpecialty.NONE BETTER.Wm. Adams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KZent"u.o!kLVsr.........Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.asasTelephone No. 4.MB fr'fHBourbon Laundry,Paris, Ken tucky(CN.O.&T.P.Ry.)In Connection with.Southern Railway-TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1911Spec al Train leaves Lexington 9:00 p. m., consisting of Pullman Drawing Foom Sleeping Cars, Pullman Observation Sleeping Cars and Modern!) ay Coaches, Electrically Lighted. Dining Cars serving all meals.LOW ROUND TRIP FARESLEXINGTON TOI IalceFinal Limit to Return Until September 27.DIVERSE ROUTE Going direct and returning via Chattanooga(Lookout Mountain) or the reverse. $1.50 additional.U3ERAL STOP-OVER PRIVILEGES.For full information, booklet and sleeping car reservations, call onany ticket a:ent or writeH. C. K'NG. P. & T. A., W. A. BECKLER, Gen. Pass! Agent,1 1 F. Main Street, Ingels Buflding,Lexington, Ky., Phone 40.and SUPERiORiTYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguisJies our 3fonumcnts from all otlicrs, while prices areNONE CKZAPEZ3will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and rqally betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove ; ou ever saw. Prettiucss costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper."'rpj iin5'B?ISa' u va'r'Ar':'jr 'tar'r -Office Opp. PostofficeA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlami lr3r work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables ustogtyour laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.SPECIAL EXCURSION 1TO-Asheville, N. C."Land of the Sky," "Sapphire Country,"THE IDEAL VACATION SPOT.Aslieville, j. C. $7.50'Waynesville, N. CHenclersonyille, IV. C.$85oToxaway, NT. C. $0 er0Cincinnati, Orij.Ifji15THE AROUND TOWN MAN.NEW VERSION.Moving picture shows remind usAs they flash their scenes of crimeThat we'd hate to leave behin J usImprints on the films of Time.After a particularly rank- play onthe part of a Maysville player ijn thegame at White Park Monday afternoon, a disgusted bleachfe'rite washeard to v remark: "Aw, hang crepeon yer nose. Ycur brains are dead."'Among the standingdelegation onFair groundsa Paris mer-an outbound car to theTuesday afternoon waschant aad one of thespecial policeduty at thewho was doing specialgrounds. As the rar siowly groped itsway along the merchant, who was impatient to reach the grounds, remarked: "Even a policeman can't arrestthe flight of time." His companion, amatter-of-fact personage, replied :"Oh, I don't know. When I was coming down town early this morning Isaw a policeman enter a side door andstop a few minutes."A bunch of Paris urchins were verybusy matching cigaiette pictures nearthe Paris Grand the other day when aministerial-looking gentleman apiparently a stranger in these diggin's,.'came by and asked: "Can any of youshow me the way to the postofficeJimmie J , one of the players inthe popular game, detached himselffrom the pile of pictures long enoughto indicate the necessary direction.The minister, for the first time notingthe nature of the boys' amusement,stopped for an admonishing word."Young man," he sairi solemnly, "don'tyou know mat is considered gambling,that game you're playing there? Comea d go with me, and let me show youtie way to Heaven.""Ah, gwan mister," retorted therude Jimnr ie. "You show us the wayto Heaven, nolhin'. Wny you don'teven know tne way to the Paris post-! office."J The minsiter resumed his walk andthe boys continued their game.Conductor Thompson,Cant James Dunn onwho succeededthe Maysvillepassenger run, had his first experienceTuesday with an unruly passengerThe individual, who had accumulatedan unusually large package of "juice,"had wandered into the ladies' car, andwas contentedly smoking a large peifecto in defiance of the rules. Conductor Thompson, spjing him on hisrounds, called him down with the remark : "No smoking in this car.The smoking car is just ahead." "Iain't smoking." asserted the passenger. "You Ain't," said Capt. Thompson. "Why, you've got a cigar in youmouth." "I know that," replied theunmoved passenger. "I've got shoeson my feet, too, but I ain't walkingam I?" and then he proceeded to thesmoker, while Capt.Thompson thoughtfully stroked his chin and went ahead.It was a case of "Love me or lovemy dog" at a certain nice boardinghouse on Main street last Friday.The star boarder, who, by the way,has lived at the house for the pastfour years, took exceptions to thepresence of a monster dug, that, somefew days ago, adopted the yard as hishome, on the squatter sovereigntyplan. The dog was one ofthose longlegged, rough-coated, I jumble-jawedcreatures that spends most of the timewagging his tail if anyone chances tonotice him. This dog's genial dispoistion I made many friends for itamong the boarders in the house.Now everyone liked the big dog butthe star boarder. Perhaps the dog wasgetting too mach attention from thefolks around the house, or perhaps itwas because the dog took a violentdislike to the star boarder, but, anyway, the star boarder delivered hisultimatumiFriday to the landlady."Either gthat mangy canine quitsthis placeor I go today," said the starboarder."Why, Mr. " (but it wouldnt'be just right to give his real name)said'the landlady,"Of course we'll getrid of the dog at once. He's just astray, anyway."The star boarder took his accustomed place on the lawn with a satisfiedsmile, and an air that plainly said:"Now, you ducks see who is hecheese around here."When the rest of the conrgegationheard of the demand of the star boarder that their pet must be banishedthv raised a howl.Then a few of them gotjtogether andstarted a petition on the rounds. Itwas signed by everbyody in the house,from the ccok to the boarders, withthe exceDtion of the star gazaboo andthe landlady, of course,read something like thisIhe petition"We, the undersigned, hearing thatit is up to getting rid of either Mr.or the dog, respectfully requestthat instead of sending the dog awaythat the star boarder be asked to go."As a last resort a compromise waseffected by the diplomatic landlady byrestricting! his riogship to a certainpoitionjjfj.tbe lawn and giving thgDEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof MadisonFor Lieutenant; GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIU3of PendletonFor Supfc. Public InstructionBAEKSDALE HAMLETTQf ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYstar boarder the remainder. And thedog and the other boarders are thehappiestat last reports."People talk of coffee and rolls inthe morning and breakfast at twelveo'clock," exclaimed a disgusted traveling man in front of the Fordham theother morning, while waiting for aLexington car. "That may do forfrog-eating Frenchmen, but not for anAmerican who does a day's work before the rest of the world is up. Youmight as well try to get up a head ofsteam by feeding a boiler with a handiun 01 snavings. btoke a man asdo a furnace and you will surelythe powre. That's my motto."yougetEmerson's Advice to Writers,if you learn to write, 'tis in thestreet you must learn. You must frequent the public square There youmust defend your every view and attitude The people and not the college is the writer's home. Keep intouch with your fellow man. Emerson. WHAT CURESECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D.D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes' andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure. -'Drop Into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & SonHow's This.We offer One Hundred Dollais Re-1 ward for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, andfelieve. him Perfectty honorable incially able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kenning & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Uure is taken inter-j nally, acting directly upon the bloodand. mucus surraces or tne system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold hv all DruggistsTake HalFs Family Pills for constu-pation.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND. LICENSED EMBAIMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299. 'aSsscssssszsssssiea'ieSSSsssE"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedMISS TESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," wrlte3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamaha-y;N. C "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. I, isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of "Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-cent-bottlewill give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness ot ihiagreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.His Sea-Legs Still On."Eddie, you may read," said histeacher. And Eddie read in a highpitched voice: "When Columbus discovered America, he keeled on the1ground and gave thanks to God."v oman s Home Companion.and be satisfied.aXfesQaHSSJfeSSSetomProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Buildinc:.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 3 Cos Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited."Jltrnie EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aug!6tf East Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpStair3Overv"arden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest.DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,OfficesRooms 4 and 5. Elk's TllrPtyParis, - TTrnifnoVr,Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waitp. You are next.A. KAHAL.4x"fl1mH1' 1- . j' 'is?mTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY, SEPT. 8," 191!.twmwrnimPintin&iTestimony In Seattle CaseIs All In.Denies Rumors ConcerningHis Resignation.REBUTTAL IS DAMAGINGgQUOTES TAfTS LETTERLAWYERS ARGUEHILL BREAKS$3tz work" nnisn?.f- r ui l;jEjl a un i J-:JJi3 fiSOS sz?GS cJtjOWHEN PROMISf,oa wonth K.ML-Pf!Q"riaasF"&5 7La.38?.srafcv3j2Prosecution Has Witnesses to Disprove Nearly Every StatementMade by Prisoner On the Stand.Was linable to Account For Presence in Alleged Highwayman'sHands of Gun Purchased by Cousin.Story of Auto Ride Confirmed. .wtTRE J9B RGOffiS or3BHEyff w JTlkllwp 1 iLChesterfield C. H., Va., Sept. 6All evidence in the case for andagainst Henry Clay Beattie, Jr-r, isnow in. Tomorrow morning at 9o'clock the lawyers will begin thesumming up and before adjournmentof court the jury will have retiredto determine the f nal issue of life ordeath.There is no court session at Chesterfield cross-roads today. Instead theWwjcrs for the commonwealth andthe defense met with Judge "Watsonin the chambers of the supreme courtin Richmond to argue the matter otf'e judge's charge to the jury. Under the Virginia practice, before theRetiring Ambassador to Berlin Denies Emphatically That His CourseIn Potash Controversy Had Anything tc Do With Retirement Declines High Honor Proffered byKaiser, but Accepts Piece of RarePorcelain From Rcyal PcUoiics.iTAre prepaired to do the best of sjPrinting on. short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Berlin, Sept. 4. Dr. David JayneHill, the letiring United States ambassador to Germany, has Issued thefirst public sfatement he has so farmade, in connection with hs icsignation last April. The statement waspublished in Germany today with thedirect sanction of the German government because of it1 reference tothe kaiser. The ex-ambassador leftfor Switzerland today after havingluncheon with Iierr Von KiderlinWaechter. The statement is as follows: "I can not leave Germany withoutexpressing my appreciation of thecouit charges tl3 pury in capital . kindness I experienced heie, partic-;cases, both sides are given an oppor-j ulaily from his majesty, the emperor, jtunity to urge upon him "certain wherhas generously intimated a wish .clauses in his instructions, the argu-1 to cpnfer upon me an honor which ,ment in no sense tteing binding ucni the laws of my ccuntiy forbid me tothe court, but merely advisory. accept. I have, however, consideredThe completion of testimony came it proper to receive fiom his majestysuddenly when Henry Owen, a broth-j as a souvenir of our agreeable relaed of the woman who was murdered, I tions, av piece of porcelain from thete it witness for the prosecution j royal potteries and I wish to makein rebuttal, was on the stand. His public acknowledgment of this marktakirg the stand was the final sur- j of friendship.mie launched at Beattie's defense by "At the time of my resignation last jLouis Wendenburg, the common.- April theie was much speculation rewcH i's prosecutor. After he had de- S&rding the reason for it, and a legnicd the stcry of Henry Beattie. that end concerning my course in the neto tc onri his wife and he had never gotiations of my government withexchanged a cro-s word, Wendenburg j that of Germany in the potash conarncunced that the nosccrMon rest-, trcersy was carefully prepa-ed anded its rebuttal. The defense had no , widely circulated, positively declaringsencus rebuttal to make and the ten upon allied authority that my condajs of evidence taking were thus I uct had been displeasing to the uebrought abruptly to an end. partment of stat. In such clrcum-Day of Dssrs stances the duty of a loyal diplo-This final day in tteVrosecution's fc oVlfcer KHcCce, and we faitheffort to bring Henry Beattie to puR--fully formed tnat duty,ishment for the ciime of which he is I h,nks to p,e2e aft-accused was quite the most Jisastious1 "x ha believed the American peoof all that had passed over his head, i Ple careless, as they always are ofNo great sensation was sprung, but 1 reputations, love fair play, and knowhe piisonei" ing tnat tne omcial recorus werethere to speak the truth at the properi.C' " " Jif-?r. , fill?- ".Wwj.SKi. 't " -"- V.-Vj L-ook for this &irn ob Leading Gar;r$J fi.i .nawtaw imm 'n i-ri mun.t m .1 a a p0 3w MBmm r . W41 I -.5 &ir. 1bizn ob Leii:2 Ci. v.iA uni.l yoc try a MichiVj prczcrly inflated JIN STOCK BY K&51l.oti czirxi kzca tsfat a gcc4 ti'a isi, -vy!Bourbon Garage an Supply Co.Fourth and High Streets,, 11 t f icai inamn nwm iniiifaB,auvwii,mii ntHaw wwgaiaBCTPUia!anvrrw i , in 1 a ijuwjj jgaPROPHET SATSMAINE THREATEIWITH "WEI" SPEDer i bit by bit the story that the pi$&ZZZ ! had himself told on the stand andthat favorable witn-ses naa soughtto substantiate for him, was tornLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.time, I have taken no notice of eitherthe source or the motive ofvthem. Ondown by an overwhelming weight oftakinS leave tf the office six monthsU Botirfcot!-- llews,1 04 issues a Year for'- ' $2.60- : r'JOfj'.vAdvertising rates Reasonable and madeknown on application.UiiiiUUiiUUUilevidence in rebuttal. The final question that had been propounded toBeattie when he resumed the standfor a few minutes to have his crossexamination completed remains unanswered and, above all other questionsat issue, the most frought with significance. "How did the gun bought by PaulBeattie three days before the murderhappen to be in the hands of the manwho shot your wife, and how do youaccount for the fact that in every detail of shooting it always was the gunbought by Paul Beattie that is in evidence?" was the last question thatWendenburg shot at Henry Beattiebefore he left the stand."I can not account for that," wasBeattie's answer; nor did his counselaccount for it, except to put on witnesses to say that Paul Beattie's reputation for truth and veracity is bad.By constant iteration Henry Beattie sought to establish the fact bothr in his direct and cross-examinationthat on the certain Thursday night,when Paul says Henry met him withhis machine and requested him to buya second-hand shotgun, he had notseen his cousin Paul, and did not goto the several places where Paul inhis evidence had said they went. Henry Beattie madp a flat and positivedenial of his cousin's story in this respect, even though Wendenburg gavehim the hint that there would beplenty of witnesses to rebut him.Prosecutor Makes Good.The prosecutor made gdod his hintwith the opening of court by placingon the stand the first of a long stringof witnesses to disprove every stepin the denial of the prisoner. Firstone of Beattie's own friends testifiedto having heard Henry, make an engagement over the telephone in acandy store to meet some one at acertain hour on that Thursday night.Then came other young men to saythat they had seen Henry Beattiedrive up in his car at Short and Mainstreets, Richmond, and take Paul inthe machine with him. Even a Syriancandy shop keeper, who stuttered withnervousness, helped to make thispoint stronger.Paul Beattie had said that afterHenry had taken him in the car theyhad driven to McEvoy's saloon andthere had a drink of beer. Out ofseveral who had been at the saloonon that night Wendenburg pickedthree to go on the stand and swearthat they had seen the two cousinsthere and that they had driven awaytogether.Letter W Again Appears on Wtog!of Sewnteen-Year Locusts,Walkers JVIills, Pa., Sept. 4.-r-Hora-tioMarkham, the well known authority on the habits of the 17-year locust,reported that they had just arrivedn this locality. He has predicted forseveral months that they would posi-Ofewp 0! Hprl Predicted Aiisrm BiTtijifi,Portland, Me., Seft. 4.: The. pob nihility that Maine may repudiate prohibition grows stronger as elect'on.day, which comes on the 11th. daj ofthis month, draws nearer. Twomonths ago hardly a person at ailfamiliar with public sentiment in t .estate believed that there was morethan a ghost of a chance that the pro-tivcly arrive in the first week of Sep-1 hibitory -amendment would be i.nLember and he produced a half dozen' nulled when the people came to oteafter my resignation was decided on,I believe that it will give pleasure tothe president if I make public at thislime an autograph statement madeby him some months ago which should Ieitectuaiiy silence ana exterminatethis legend which certain newspapershave endeavored to keep alive."He says, 'I write not to assure youthat I never had the slightest reasonto criticise your course and serviceat the most important post of Berlin.You have vindicated your appointment in every way and it has givenme pleasure to deny emphatically andcategorically that your resignationgrew out of any disagreement on thepart of the administration with yourconduct of this country's relationswith Germany in regard to potash orany other question. I write this, forI think you are entitled to have a fullstatement as to your satisfactory service written by him whom you haveworthily and well represented at thegreat capital of Berlin.'"I make this statement public atthis time for the purpose of arsuringmy friends in Europe and America ofmy faithful allegiance to the principles of loyalty by which I ha'e beenactuated throughout an official life ofconsiderable duration and to showmy appreciation of the sense of justice by which the president ivis beeninspired in recognizing the wrongdone me by others, whose misrepresentations he desires as far as possible to repair, in circumstances whiebI have reason to believe he at present entirely understands."of the bugs which he succeeded incatching. Mr. Markham after examining th2 locusts under a powerfulmicroscope said that this year's locusts had very deep red lines radiating in the figure "W" on each wing.He declares that this mean thatthe United States will soon be engaged'in a bloody war. The aged hermit,who is now in his ninety-third year,says that the 17-year locusts alwayscome to warn the country of war orwant. In the years in which the redlines appeared on the wings, Mr.Markham says, a war always followed, and in those yeas in whichthe red lines were not in evidence thecountry was "v .sited by a panic.Mr. Markham received much notoriety all over the country in iS94 forhis prediction of the Spanish-Americanwar. He also foretold the Rus-sian-.Tananesewar and its results. Hesays that the forthcoming war willbe even more terrible than the recent conflict.Mr. Markham's family have beenupon it. ,The temperance organizations,. tlechurches and the granges, all ofwhich are united for the law, got intheir work so early and with, suchvigor that they seemed for 'a. time tohave driven completely to cover whatever anti-prohibition sentiment theremay have been and the only questionasked was by what majority would theamendment be retained. The onlything that caused any uncertaintywhatever, was the strong dispositionmanifest on the part of the averagevoter to keep to himself whatever hissentiments may have been. ,But within a few weeks all thishas changed. Voters are talking morefreely and with this iossening up ontheir part, there came at first hope,,then courage, and now what seems tobe absolute confidence on the partof those who have heen conductingthe campaign against the amendment.Chicago Loses Again.Investigation discloses that Bostonwomen have the biggest feet. Whichknown for years for 'their wonderful leaves Chicago nothing to boast ofpredictions which they have maderrom their deductions taken from thewings of the locusts. Both his fatherand grandfather were authorities onthe subject and Mr. Markham hasrecords which he says show they successfully rredicted the wars of 1812,the Mexican and civil wars, as well snow but the stockyards. New YorkHerald.r&S3SBSESBfSSSKnocker."One thing about Jinx; he nevercomes into one's office without knock-Another thing about Jinx isVfc - V y " -VT"fc- rrnnn T ttvtV S-s TTvt4-T S1 fras the panics of 1837, 1857 and 1873. "" " fa Wuc vucknocking." Houston Post.Zulu Wedding Ring. iThe Zulu woman wears her weddingring in her nose. A double purpose is B,t Fact-thus served It discourages promiscu- Four man-eating lions were recently,ous kissme -jih! she is in little danger captured at Gwalior, in India, byof losing ner -ing. m fact, she always- means of fly-paper, which, getting ounose where it s , t0 the faces of the animals, madethem an easy prey.99fwsjmwahmmM,m9msm99WLm.m5THE DRY FALL OUTING TOnVs-4r shaveammFor Home Circle and Private Partiesns wn-.u:-TT-rWednMurdered In Canada.Burton, 0., Sept. C The body of! Norman B. Merritt. 27, has beenbrought here for burial at Parkman,from Alberta, (Snada, where he" vasmurdered by a farmhand,Round Trip fromPARIS And all Way StationsREGULAR TRAIK 7:38 A. M.sday, Sept. 27.All Expenses at frioteS OsSy G.50This includes .your board and admission to tjie several routes in the cave. One eveningfor a promenade or dancie. " " ' T,'fiA GRAND THREE-DAYS OUTINGWrit or Phone L. & N. Ticket Agt :''7TW1"lifVVBMVI-nIn- r ;,,-sgjaagMr OK..gr. r?- w:rVJi THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 8, 1911.4irt i. HISTORY OF FAMOUSFAIR ASSOCIATIONBourbon County Agricultur. al Society Organized in1836 Most Success-ful in the StateOLDEST FAIR IN WESTEarly Records Show FirstMeeting Held in Year of1821 Foundationfor the SocietyThe event of the season, commencing Monday, marked the63 annual exhibition of theBourbon County AgritulturalSociety and the gates of the historic organization will be thrownopen to the public this morning.The annual fair in this city hasfor years -past attracted peoplefrom far and near, and the exhibition which will begin thismorning, give promise of a successful week from every point ofview.Lacking a little less than amonth it has been seventy-fiveyears since the Bourbon Countyr Agricultural Society was first organized and the first fair heldunder the direction of the organization. During the many years intervening the popularity of theBourbon fair has been attestedby the world-wide reputation itattained, and since its birth hasbeen at the head of the countyfairs of the State, and widelyknown as the oldest fair west ofthe Allegheny mountains.Few are alive today who canrecall the first fair held in Parisunder this organization. Theoriginal charter of the Society ison record in the County Clerk'soffice and is regarded as a raredocument."While history shdws the firstfair was held in Bourbon countyin 1836, there are records to showthat as early as 1821 a fair washeld in Col. Clay's woods, a fewmiles from Paris on the Winchester pike, It is understoodto have been an exhibition ofstock alone.The organization of the Bourbon County Agricultural Societywas first determined upon June6, 1836, when a number of farmers met in this city on court daywhen the subject was taken upresulting in the calling of a meeting for that purpose to be heldon the ninth of July. GeneralGarrard at this meeting waselected as president of the neworganization, Wm. P. Hume andNimrod Lindsay, vice presidents;Thomas Y. Brent, treasurer;Thos. P. Thornton, corresponding secretary, and Hiram Bled-soem, recording secretary.A committee was appointed toprepare a constitution and at ameeting on July 30, 1836, the organization was completed by theby the adoption of the constitution and the election of a boardof directors composed of Geo. W.Williams, Henry T. Duncan,Henry Clay, Sr., Jas. W. Coggswell, Brutus J. Clay, Col. JohnCunningham, Wm. Hickman,Jere Duncan, Chas. S. Brent andHenry Towles.The first fair under the neworganization was held the lastday of September and the firstday of October, 1836. The listof premiums was not very attractive and the schedule of entrieswas very short. The entire resources of the Society, includingsubscriptions, donations, entrancefees, etc., aggregated S584.50, ofwhich amount $450 were paid outin premiums and $35 for otherexpenses.After serving the Society fortwo years President Garrard diedand in 1838 Wm. P. Hume succeeded him, filling the office until 1841, when Major George W.Williams was chosen.Up until the year of 1845 similar societies throughout the statesuffered a decline under thepressure of financial troubles.Leaving the Bourbon Society theonly survivor, with its conditionweakened by the financial strain,but during the year followingconditions and prospects wereconsiderably improved.Up to that time thelexhibitionshad been held on the piece "ofbottom land near the junction ofStoner and Houston creeks, anda portion of what is now knownat White Addition. A subscription of stock m shares of $33.50,l a I rA.A. nAtiMArl 4 aamam-iWmKU. Tfcxc octuicu, cuiu. ucu auicsRot land laying on the South sideof Mam street, directly oppositethe old Kentucky Midland depotand the grounds improved. Tneamphitheatre was constrscted ina circular hollow, the side binggraded in seats for the accommodation of the spectators. Aboard fence four feet high separated this from the show ring.Marks of this rude arrangementremained for several years.Four years later, in 1850, atract of ten acres was added tothe first purchase and " the wholewas enclosed by a high boardfence. In 1852 Major Williamstendered his resignation as president of the Society and BrutusJ. Clay was elected to succeedhim. At a cost of approximately $10,000 a new amphitheatre,handsome cottages and convenient booths were erected. Shortly afterwards eight more acresof ground was added, making atotal of twenty-eight acres. In1856 the State Agricultural Society erected a floral hall and anumber of box stalls which weresubsequently purchased by theBourbon County AgriculturalSociety. To these more improvements were added.With the guidance of tEe organization gradually passing intoyounger hands, the young mencomposing the majority of theBoard of Directors desiring tokeep fully abreast with the timesdecided to introduce new featurss in the way of trotting, running and pacing races. To thisend the old circular amphitheatre was torn down in 1886 andin the early spring of the yearfollowing several more acres ofground was purchased, a splendid half-mile track built, and anew grandstand seating 7,000people, judge's and music standsand new stables built. A newfloral hall was erected just southof the grandstand. At this meeting the fiftieth anniversary ofthe existence of the Society wascelebrated in an appropriatemanner and in the presence of alarge crowd.The change from the old to thenew ideas of conducting thecounty fair did not meet with theapproval of the farming classesand the attendance dwindleddown year after year until 1896the society was confronted by anoverwhelming debt. The fateof the organization was decidedon December 10, 1896, when firedestroyed the amphitheatre,stands and a goodly portion ofthe fence around the race track.Already burdened with debtthe society decided not to rebuildand with this decision passed thehope of reviving the famous oldBourbon Fair, and ten yearspassed before the movement forreorganizing the Society wasconsidered.The question of reorganizing theSociety was agitated year afteryear following the destructionby fire of the buildings, butwithout any result and thegrounds of tee Society were divided into small tracts and passed into the hands of real estatespeculators and home buildersand is rapidly becoming one ofthe most attractive residene sections of the city.The reorganization of the Society was undertaken in the early spring of 1906, when Mt wasproposed by the promoters tofloat enough stock to purchasesuitable grounds and erect astand, stalls and other necessarybuildings.The proposed movement metwith hearty support and a tractof land containing 22 3-4 acresi at the intersection of the Bethlehem and Maysville and Lexington turnpikes was purchasedfrom Mr. E. K. Thomas at a costof $8,500.An amphitheatre fashionedafter that erected in 1852 wasbuilt and stock stalls erected.The grounds were improved bythe planting of trees, andjbeaut:-.ful walks were laid from eachentrance. All this work wascompleted before scheduled dateof the fair, and the first exhibition held by the newly organizedSociety was held in September,1906.With each succeeding year theSociety has added improvementsto the extent of whatever theirsurplus would permit, and extended many premiums whichhave attracted the finest exhibibitions of stock of any fair inKentucky.Since the organization fiveyears ago Mr. Jos. M. Hall hasheld the office of president of theSociety, with Messrs, R. JNeely and W. G. Talbott as vicepresidents, Mr. Chas. Webber,secretary and Clifton Arnsparger treasurer.ubby Came FirstlWife live Just bought such a nlcpiece of silk for a tie for you; if thereis anything left over, I can make a.skirt for (myself out of it---PeI MeWBourbon Fair HoldingSway This Week.The sixty-fifth annual exhibition of the Bourbon County Agricultural Society began Tuesdaymorning. Rain fell at intervalsduring the opening day andmarred the sport. The crowdwas reduced to a minimum as aresult of the inclement weather.Wednesday was the largestsecond day in the history of thesociety in point of attendanceand an excellent program contributed to the enjoyment of thelarge crowd.Yesterday was a record-breakingday, the third day alwaysbeing the largest attended ofany during the week. The following are the awards for thefirst two days of the fair:First Day, Tuesday, Sept. 5.Committee J. P. Barbee, W. G.Talbot, J. T. Hinton, Robt. Meteer.Shorthorn or any pure beef breedof cattleBest bull, 3 years old and over, 15first, 5 second.No ring.Best bull, 2 year3 and under 3, 15first, $5 second.No ring.Best bull, 1 year and under 2, 10first, $5 second.Abe Renick, first and second.Best bull, under 1 year, 10 first, 5second.Abe Renick, first and second.Best cow, 3 years and over, 15 first,'5 second.Abe Renick. first and second.Best heifer, 2 years and under 3,15 first, 5 second.No ring.Best heifer, 1 year and under2,'10first, 5 second.Abe Renick, first and second.Best heifer calf, under 1 year, 10first, 5 second.Abe Renick first and second.Shetland PoniesPonies eligible to compete in thisclass must not be over46 inches high.Ponies to harness must be driven bychildren not over 15 years of age.Best mare or gelding, any age, inharness, 10 first, 5 second.Barbee Stock Farm, Millersburg, first;David Johnson, Muir, second.Best stallion, any age, in harness,first 10, (Special by E. F. Spears &Sons, manufacturers of Red CrossFlour.) 5.Harvey Kerr, Lexington, first; JohnStuart, Paris, second.riest pony, 3 years old and under 4,10 first, 5 second.Miss Rogers, first! Sam Clay Ward,second.Best pony, 2 years old and under 3,10 first, (Special by Walter Clark,mule dealer) o.Barbee Stock Farm, first; David Johnson, second.Best pony, 1 year old and under 2,$10 first, (Special byH. A. Power) 5.Howard Judy, Millersburg, first;Christine Thomas, Paris, second.Best pony, under 3, year, 10first.5 second.Barbee Stock Farm, first and second.Fancy turnout, decorations considered, to be driven by children 12 yearsold and under 10 first, (Special byDr. F. Fithian) 5.Miss Agnes Turner, Paris, first; Geo.Stuart, second.Best model pony, 10 first, (Specialby Dr. C G. Daugherty) second 5.Harvey Kerr, first; Barbee Stock Farmsecond.'Best saddle pony, 4 years old andunder, 10 first, (Special by BourbonSteam Laundry) 5 second.Miss Rogers, first; Howard Judy,second.Long Wool SheepBuck, 2 years old and over, 5.J. B. Wood & Son, Hutchison, firstand second.Buck, 1 year old and under 2, 5.O. B. Lloyd, first; C. M. Shrout, second. Buck, under 1 year old, S5.E. M. Shrout, first; O. B. Lloyd, second. Ewe 2 years old and over, 5.E. M. Shrout, first; E. E. Wood, second. Ewe, 1 year old and under 2, 5.E. M. Shrout, first, E. E. Wood, second. Ewe, under 1 year old, $5.F. M. Shrout, first; O. B. Lloyd, second. Pair lambs, buck and ewe, 5E. M. Shrout, first; O. B. Lloyd, second. Down SheepBuck, 2 years old and over, $5A. M. Casey, first; E. E. Wood, second. Buck, 1 year old and under 2, 5A. S. Thompson, first; A. M. Casey,second.Buck, under 1 year old, $5A. M. Casey, first; E- M. Shrout, second. Ewe, 2 years old and over, 5A. M. CaSey, first; E. M. Shrout, second. Ewe, 1 year old and under 2, 55A. M. Casey, first; E. M. Shrout, second. Ewe, under 1 year old, $5E. M. Shrout, first; A. M. Casey, second. Pair lambs, buck and ewe, $5E.. M. Shrout, first; A. M. Casey, sec'snd. SweepstakesLong wool buck, 5J. B. Wood & Son, first and second.Long wool ewe, 5 ; -E. M. Shrout, first and second.Down buck, 5 !,A. M. Casey, first; A S. Thompson,second.Down ewe. $5A. M. Casey, first and second.-. i - J- f t.V i ' tSecond Day, Wednesday,Sept. 6(Postponed from Tuesday)Harness Horses(Size, style and action considered).Best harness mare or gelding, anyage $25 first, 10 second, iAllie Jones, North Middletown, 1st,Roberta; Shropshire & Matlick, Winchester, 2nd, Jack Straw.N. Y. Saddle HorseBest N. Y. saddle mare or gelding,walk, trot and canter, 15.2 and under,to be docked or tail tied, 20 first, 5second.Shropshire & Matlick, Winchester, 1st,Aurora; Robt. Moreland, Lexington, 2d.Roadster StallionBest roadster stallion, any age, 20first, $5 second.Allie Jones, North Middletown, 1st,Marble King; Collins & Redmon, NorthMiddletown, 2d.ColtsColt," either sex, under one year,$35 first, 15 second, $10 third.W. E. Speakes & Bro., 1st, MildredKing; Sanford Carpenter, 2; Wm. Sanders, 3.Committee C. M. Thomas, J.Hall, N. F. Brent, C. Arnsparger.M.Sweepstakes For All Pure BeefBreed CattleBull, 2 years old and over, $15No ring.Bull, under 2 years old, $15Abe Renick, 1st.Cow, 2 years old and over, 15Abe Renick, Is.Cow, under 2 years old, 15Abe Renick.Exhibitors' Herd(Shorthorn or any Pure Beef Breed ofCattle, Aged Herd)Consisting of one bull 2 years old orover, one cow 3 years old or over,one heifer. 2 years old and under 3,one heifer 1 year old and under 2, andone heifer under 1 year old, $15 first,5 second.Abe Renick, 1st.Breeders' Young HerdConsisting of one bull under 2years old, two heifers 1 year old andunder 2, and two heifers under 1 yearold, all except the bull to be bred bythe exhibitor, 15 first. 5 second.Four calves, get of one bull, $15first, 5 second.No ring.Four calves, get of one bull, $15 first,$5 second.No ring.Two calves, produce of one cow,$15 first, $5 second.No ring.Beef CattleSteer, 2 years old and under 8, 10Abe Renick, 1st.Steer, 1 year old and under 2, 10J. H. Marr, Millersburg, 1st; A. Renick, 2d.Steer Calf, $10No ring.Butcher Steer, 10Abe Renick, 1st; J. H. Marr, 2d.Harness Horses(Animals 2 years old and over to beshown in harness, under 2 yearsold shown at will. Size, styleand action considered).Stallion, 4 years old and over, $20first, 5 second.Allie Jones 1st, withCollins &;Redmon, 2dRoosevelt.Marble King;, with TeddyStallion, 3 years old and under 4,20 first, 5 second.Matlick & Shropshire, Winchester, 1st.Stallion, 2 years old and under 3,$20 first, 5 second.Allie Jones, North Middletown, 1st;H. A. Power, Charming King.Shropshire & Matlick, Winchester, 2d.Stallion, 1 year old and under 2,15 first, 5 second.R. H. Boardman, Little Rock, 1st;Collins & Redmon, North Middletown,2d.Stallion colt, under 1 year, $10 first,5 second.Collins , & Redmon, 1st; Ray Burris,2d.Saddle Horses(Size, action, style and all gaits to beconsidered.)JIave, 4 years old and over, 20first, 5 second.Allie Jones, 1st, Cornelia; Shropshire& Matlick, 2d, Hazel Downs. jMare, 3 years old and under 4, 20 .'first, 5 second.Allie Jones, 1st; Shropshire & Matlick, 2d.Mare, 2 years old and under 3, 20first, 5 second.Allie Jones, 1st. J. B. Betty, FayetteCounty; James McCray, North Middletown, 2d.Mare, 1 year old and unde. 2, 15first, 5 second.Sanford Carpenter, Millersburg, 1stand 2d.Filly Colt, 10 first, $5 second.Geo. F. Speakes & Bro, 1st, MildredK.; Sanford Carpenter, Millersburg, 2d.Sweepstakes For Harness HorsesStallion, any age, 25Collins & Redmon, North Middletown, 1st, Teddy Roosevelt; Allie Jones,2d, Marvel King.Mare, any age, $25Allie Jones, 1st and 2d.Baby ShowHandsomest boy baby of Bourbonnnnnt.v. under 18 months old, ladiesto judge, (Special by W. H. Whaley,10.Cromwell Cook Cleveland, 1st.Mare and ColtrSaddle mare and suckling colt, 15first, $5 second.Sanford Carpenter, 1st, Speakes Bros.,2d.Ponies, Any Breed(Over 46 inches and under 54 inches)Harness pony, $10 first, (Special byT. E. Moore) S5 second.L. L. Haggin, Lexington, 1st; WalterMann, Lexington, 2d.Saddle pony, $10 first, $5 second.Forest Sparks, North Middletown, 1st;John Collins, North Middletown, 2d.Berkshire HogsBore, 1 year old and over 5.' T.- W. Case, Hutchison, lstr..ROYALBAKING POWDERAbsolutely PureThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Crape Cream of TartarNO ALUM, NO LIME PHOSPHATEBore, 6 months old and under 1year, 5J. W. Case, Hutchison, 1st.Bore, under 6 months old, 5Logan Bryan, North Middletown, 1st;J. W. Case, 2d.Sow, 1 year old and.over, 5J. W. Case, 1st.Sow, 6 months old and under 1year, 5J. W. Case. 1st.Sow, under 6 months old, $5J. W. Cape, 1st; Logan Bryan. 2d.Poland Cnina HogsBore, 1 year old and over, $5L. R. Jones, North Middletown, 1st.Boar, 6 months did and under 1year, $5Hunmon Bros., centerville, st.Boar, under 6 months old, 5J. B. Wood & Sons, Hutchison, 1st;L. R. Jones, North Middletown, 2d.Sow, 1 year old and over, $5Huffman Bros., Centerville, 1st.Sow, 6 months old and under 1year, 55Huffman Bros., Centerville, 1st.Sow, under 0 months old. 5Wood & Sons, Hutchison, 1st; R. L.Jones, North Middletown, 2d.Duroc Jersey HogsBoar, 1 ypar old and over, 5A. P. Adair & Sons, 1st.Boar, 6 months old and under 1year, 5A. P. Adair & Sons, 1st. ,Boar, under 6 months old, 5A. P. Adair & Sons, 1st.Sow, 1 year old and over, 5A. P. Adair & Sons, 1st.Sow, 6 months old and under 1year, 5A. P. Adair & Sons, 1st.Sow, under 6 months old $5A. P. Adair & Sons, 1st.Grand SweepstakesBoar, any age, $8J. M. Case, Hutchison, 1st.Sow, any age, 8J. M. Case, Hutchison, 1st.Four head of hogs, (any breed) , getof 1 boar or produce of 1 sow, $8J. M. Case, Hutchison, 1st.The most entertaining feature at thetair this week and which was thor-oughly enjoyed by the visitors was thevocal selections rendered by Miss Wil-raina Hamraan. Yesterday afternoonMiss Hamman made her first appear-(ance and scored a decided hit. MisbHamman rendered three selections,"Let Me Call You Sweetheart," "I'dLove to Live in Loveland," and"Every Little Movement."She was compelled to respond toencores following each number. MissHamman possesses a rich, clear voice,strong and sweet and her enunciationis perfect. This afternoon Miss Hamman will render several selecitonsand it is safe to say that with eachafternoon she will'gain in favor.manarnaster'Micnaeis. witn hishis excellent musical organization is delighting the crowdsat the Fair this week.Bargains in Wall Paper.Look at my bargains in wallthis week. Expert decoratorsto fill your orders promptly.paperreadyJ. T. HINTON.Immense Stock Wall Paper.Big variety of wall paper to selectfrom and it must be sold. Bargainsfor you. Get ready for the fair.J. T. HINTON.BIRTHS.Bom, to the wife of Dan Isgrigg.on Tuesday, a daughter, Isabelle.W I 1 IHOG AND SHEEP SALE !BYA.' P. ADAIR & SONS & CO.,At Paris, Ky., Fair Grounds,September 1, 191 1, 12:30 p.m.50 Pure Bred Duroc Hogs,50 Pure Bred Southdown Sheep.. - O '-'Write for Catalogue to A. P. ADAIR, Pari;' KentuckyDON'T MISS THIS SALE ",''tMrs. Massie's Will.The last will of Mrs. W. W. Massiewas offered for probate in the BourbonCounty Court yesterday afternoon.The will bears the date of February9, 1910, and is written wholly in thetestatrix's own handwriting, the chiefprovisions of which are as follows:The income from $1,500 to be usedin keeping cemetery lot; Presbyterianchurch in Paris $2,000; To establishand maintain hospital in Paris, Ky.,to be known as the "W. W. MassieHospital." $10,000 and residence inPaiis with the ground adjacent thereto. This bequest with this condition:"I make this bequest with the proviso that the Hospital being acceptedby the town is to be perpetually insuredand kept free of taxation, and that thetown of Paris raise an endowment fundof $5,000 (Five Thousand Dollars) andendow it for that amount."Lincoln Institute, $2,000; the causeof African Missions, $2,000; the causeof Prohibiten in Kentucky $5,000;Stillman Institute at Tucsaloosa, Alabama, $2,000 Miss Julia Miller $2,000;Ben Downey, $2,000; Miss NannieKeller, $1,500; Mrs. Chas. 'Miller andthree sons, $2,000; Dr. Shive $500;Edith Shive, $500,-;Mrs. Mattie Hawes,$800; Mrs. John W. Bishop, $1,500;.Wm. Bell, $250 Sarah Bedinger, $150;Belle Morrow, $400; Sidney Watson$50; Mrs. Florence Lochart Clay a"Madonna;" oil portraits of testatrixand her husband to be refrained andhung in hospital ; Wm. K. Massie,Lexington, Ky., oil painting "TheAurora," and Mosaic table Mrs. IdaH. Stoner, Roman Mosaic "Plin'sDoves;" Mrs. Cassius Clay, statue ofa "Nubian Slave;" James McClure,hatrack, mahogany chair, two oilpaintings, scenes in Yosemite Valley :large mantel mirror to hospital ; MissFlorence Lockhart, set of china ; Mrs.Mattie Hawes, set of china and tworugs; Mrs. ,Chas. A. Miller, set ofchina; Mrs. Lizzie H. Miller, TwoTeak wood tables, 2 writing desks, 12dining room chairs and set of furniture. The testatrix, referring kto herson, provided as follows :"I leave no part of my estate to 'myson, Wm. U. Massie, as his present.nronertv exceeds mine in value and at.my death his estate will be increasedby his father's will. Had he needed itmy wnoie estate witnouc reserve wociaHave been deeded to him."I desire my son shall select frommy household furniture any articles hemay desire, not excepting even sucharticles' as I have donated in the pri-'vate memorandum entrusted to MrsFlorence L. Clay, and Mrs. MattieHawes, of Millersburg."Many small items of householdfurniture and bric-a-brac were entrusted to Mrs. Florence L. Clay and Mrs.Matte Hawes to be disposed of according to a written memorandum ,in thehandwriting of testatrix, which wasleft with her will but was not signed.These ladies have been authorized byMr. Wm. C. Massie, the sole heir, bya writing filed in the County Court, tocarry out the wishes of his mother,and all of said property will be entrusted to them for that purpose."Bicycle Headquarters.The best makes of bicycles in stockat reasonable piice9. Full lines ofbicycle repairs remember we arebicycle headquaiters.29 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.CITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Hands ,. for Collection.Office First Na- .tional Bank.Stamps Moore,City CollectorTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 8, 1911i,nb bOURBON NEWS.tjfifcjJesbr(BALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGElection of Officers.Thero will be the annual election ofclScers of Pat is Chapter No. 15 RoyalArch Masons, held at 7:30 p. m. Friday, September 8. All members arerequested to be present.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,jrj to Buck's barber shop. Three firste'ass barbers. 13 tfEngagement Announced.Mr. and Mrs. James H. Carpenter,cf Millersburg, announce the engagement of their daughter, Mis3 Julia M.,o I1r. Leslie Shrout, of Owingsville.The wedding will be celebrated, in thearly fall. ?Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERGS'.Rugs, Carpets and Matting.Low prices on rugs, wall pnper,mattings and carpets this week at J.i. Hinton's.Tobacco Damaged.The hail storm that visited this section on Monday night greatly damgedthe tobaacco crop of Mr. Jesse iTrneyon ths Maysville pike between Parisand Millersburg. The damage sustained was covered by insurance heldby Thomas & Woodford.Feld's for Fall Footwear.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfIncendiarism Suspected.A barn on the farm of B.'P. Day inMontgomery county was destroyed byfire early yesterday with eighteenthousand pounds of tobacco. The fireis believed to have had incendiaryorigin, and bloodhounds trailed aboutthe seene but failed to find a scent.The loss is about $3,500 partiallycovered by insurance.Seed Wheat and Seed Rye.See us before buying your seedwheat, seed rye and timothy.5 4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Mr. Wm. TalbottDies.Mr. Wm. Talbott, 73 years old, diedat his home in Athens Monday nightat lO-oc'lock. Mr. Talbott was a sonof the late Aris Talbott, and was bornin Bourbon county. He is survived byhis wife, Mrs. Elizabeth Talbott, andtwo children, Mrs. James Short andMiss Frankie Talbott. The funeialservices were held at the grave inAthens Wednesday morning at teno'clock.Will Open Music ClassMiss Mary Kiley will open her classn Music September 11. Number ofpupils limited. 1 3tFire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Construction Workman Injured.Wm. Perkins, an employe of thePrice Construction Co., which is engaged in I double-tracing a section ofthe L. & N., met with a paimul accident early yesterday morning, whileengaged in assisting other workmen toset a boiler for a steam drill in theDuncan avenue cut. The heavy boilerin some unacountable manner slipped,rolling upon PerKins. He sustained asevere cut over the right eye and wasbruised about (the head.. His escapefrom serious .injury was miraculous.He was taken to the office of Dr. Wm.Ktnney, jwhere .his injuries receivedattention.Fire Sale.Attend the Fire Sale now on atBENNIE WEISSBERG'S.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonableprices. Large stock to select from.No shop-worn patterns all new.J. T. HINTON.FirstCIass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldnhts nrd nnlite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfH. J. Santen's Father Dies.Mr. Bernard Santen, aged 78 years,died at his home in Cincinnati Wednesday night at 12 ;o'clock of infirmitiesincident to old age after a protractedillness. The deceased was the fatherof Mr. H. J. Santen, of this city, whowas, at his bedside when he passedaway, being summoned on account ofhis critical illness Wednesday morningMr. Santen is survived by sevenchildren, Mr. H. J. Santen, of ParisJohn and Joseph Santen, of Cincinnati ;Bernard Santen, of Columbus ;Rev. H.M. Santen, of Hamilton ; Mrs. MaryNichol, of Reading, O. ; and Mrs.Louis Rhabe, of Cincinnati.Tko funeral services will be held atrine o'clock Saturday morning at theHoly Tinity church, conducted by Rev.Father Rhombeaun. The burial willtake place in the St Joiepa cemetery,Cincinnati,Mrs. Henry Santen will leave tomorrow with her daughters, Miasea Rosaliaand Frank, to attend the funeral, andher sons, Bernard, Henry and HermanSanten will go Jto Cincinati Saturdaymorning.PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. T. C. Jefferson, Jr., is a-visitorin the city.Mrs. Grover Baldwin is visitingrelatives in Covington.Mr. Felix Hedges, of Cynthian,is a daily visitor to the fair.Miss Elizabeth Jefferson, of Lexington, is visiting Mrs. W. W. Judy.Mrs. Graham Smedley, of Austin,Texas, is the guest of relatives here. ,Thos. Whaley left Wednesday forPalmyra, Mo., to spend his vacation.Miss Emma Green, of Shelbyville,is visiting Mrs. J. B. Smith.Misses Lula and Maude Powers, ofCovington, are guests of friends inParis.Mrs. Annie K. Martin, of Oklahoma, is the gust of Mr. and Mrs. 0. P.Clay.Mr. J. W. Cromwell, of Cynthiana, is a visitor here during fairweek.Miss Mildred Howell, of Mt.Sterling, is the guest of Mrs. WarrenRogers.Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Duke, ofMaysville, are the guests of Mis.James Woodford.Robt. M. Stolworthy, of Cincinnati, is a guest of -his sister, Mis. A. P.Adair, near Paris.Prof. M. G. Thompson was inWinchester Wednesday in the interestof Bourbon College.Miss Annie Laurie Brown has returned to New Orleans after visitingrelatives near Paris.Miss Araleen Gorham, of Louisville, is visiting Mr. Joe Hart andfamily for the fair.Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Wills, ofCynthiana are the guests of relativeshere during the Fair.Mr. Victor O'Neal has returnedfrnm a visit to his uncle, Mr. P. E.O'Neal, in Maysville.Miss Eliazbeth Hinton entertainedwith a dance at her home on Pleasantstreet last evening in honor of herguests, Misses Betsy Roche and Jessica Litsey, of Harrodsburg, MargaretArdery, of the county, and KatieGraham Thompson, of Columbia, S.C, who is a visitor at the home of heraunt, Mrs. J. T. Hinton.The music for the occasion was furnished by a mandolin and guitar club.Refreshments of pineapple ice creamand individual cakes were served theguests during the evening . Thosepresent were:Misses Helen Desha, Frances Hancock, Frances Clay, Mary Clay, MarieTalbott, Laura Steele, Ellen Tories,Eliazbeth Crutcher, Nell Crutcher,Elizabeth Yerkes, Marguerite Douglas,Anna Wilson, Nan Overstreet, Danville , Augusta Rogprs, Eleanor Clay,Mary Belle Wyatt, Louise Myall.Florence Nooe, Annie Embry and EttaBeehler; Messrs. Harold Harris, FayArdery, John Ardery, Sid Ardery,Wallace Douglas, Oscar Hinton, Edward Fithian, William Talbott, BlairVarden, Wallace Clark, WilliamAdams, Duke Brown, Clarence Barbee, Douglas Clay, John Vansant,Maurice Burnaugh, James McClure,Winn Lisle, C. Bryan, Graham YoungRobert Jones, .Frank Sledd, WilliamRadmon, Hiram Roseberry, HoltDaniels, Fithian Faries, CharltonClay, W.K. Ferguson, Hugh Ferguson,Tom Prichard, Brooks Woodford, ScottWoodford, Lyons Board, Ireland Davis.The Bourbon Dancing Cluo entertained with its annual Fair dance atthe Elks Hall Tuesday evening. Theoccasion was the social event of theseason, a large number of out of townpeople being presentMichael's orchestra furnished themusic, which was delightful. The occasion was thoroughly enjoyed by allpresent. Those who attended were:Misses Rena Crosdale, CatherineDavis, Martha Waller, Martha Ferguson, Augusta Rogers.Elizabeth Crutcher, Bess Lord, Carolyn Rosebury, EdithMyall, Mary Woodford, Mary Hayden,Dorothy Talbott, Cjrinne Collins,Clara Belle O'Neal, Anna Colemanand Martha Vanmeter, Winchester:Elizabeth Ball and Anita Moore, Harrndshurc : Anna Overstreet, Danville :Jessica Litsey, McAlfer; CorneliaBlackburn, Georgetown: ElizabethWhitridge, Baltimore, Md. ; ClaraBelle Waliers, Lexington; Belle Comsival, Cynthiana; Louise Comseval,Cynthiana ; Mary Ammerman, Cynthiana; Grahue Lawson, Flemingsburg;Katie Grah?m Thompson, Columbia,S. C. ; Ethel Johnson, Millersburg;Alene Paxton.New York ;Betsy Roche,Harrodsburg -.Messrs. C. W. Fithian,Harry riorloi.H. Fithian, Roy Batterton, Fred Batterton, Davis Hutchcraft,Charlton Clav. Reuben, Hutchcraft,Fa.v Ardery, Sjd Ardery, Lyons BoaraHugh Fergution, W. K. Ferguson,Douglas Clay. Harold Harris, KeitnVansant, W. E Mooie,Wakler JNelson,Jason Redmon, Harmon Turner, Claience Barbee, Ernest Martin, EdwardFithian, Maurice Burnaugh, WoodfordDaniels, Holton Daniels, Geo. Clay,Wm. Taylor, W. D. Embry, EdwardPritchard, Blair Varden, O. T. Hinton,Joe Mitchell, Wm. Cooper, WiseColliver, Carlisle; Frank Mathers,Carlisle; Hulan Kemper, Millersburg;Jack Lyle, Winchester; J. H. Ford,Georgetown Abe Hall Maysville;Sam Smith, Nicholasville; PriceMoore, Lexington; Hon. H. Porter,Huntington, W. Va. ; Marion Kimbrough, Lexington; Douglas Gettys,Lexington; Lay ton Thompson, Lexington; Berry Ratliff. Carlisle; Dr. rl. U.McMahan. Detroit, Mich ; Leonard CBarrell, Houston, Texas; W. S. Arnsparger, Eton. Ga. Geo. Reynolds,Millersburg; Mack Grimes, Millersburg; John Duvall, Frankfort; LynnLail, Cynthiana; Chas. Venable, Winchester; Chas. Miller, Millersburg;John Mathias, Carlisle ; Frank SleddNorth Middletown. The chaperonesvaerei Mr. mnd Mrs. White Varden. Mr.and Mrs. C. O. Wilraotb, Mr. and Mrs.Charlton Alexander, Mr. land Mrs.Rudolph-Davis, Dr. and Mrs. H. E.Mathers, Mr. and ;Mrs. Wm. 'Ardery,Mr. and Mrs. C. A. McMillan. Mrs. F.M. Clay, Mr.and Mrs..L. W. Taylor,Mr. and Mrs. Withers Davis, Mrs. B.M. Renick, Mrs. Geo. Alexander, Mrs.Dr. Brown Mrs Douglas Armstrong,Miss Joeie- Gardner, Mrs? ; W. R.Swearingea.Miss Margaret Spillman, of Lexington, is a guest of Mrs. Dan Jordan.Mr. N. H. Rankin, of Carlisle, attended the fair yesterday.Mr. Chas. Venable, of Winchester,attended the fair yesterday.Mr. Leca Offutt, of Scott county,was a visitor at the fair yesterday, fcMrs. J. A. IStern leaves Tuesdayfor a three weeks' visit to New York.Miss Julii Clark left this morningfor Hodgenville, where she will teachschool.Miss Mae Thomas and Miss MaryTurpin, of Richmond, are guests cfMrs. Homer Kiser.The Sterling dancing club entertained with a delightful dance at ElksHall Wednsday night.Mr. W. H. Lowry, of Lexington,is the guest of his sister, Mrs. C.Arnsparger, on Duncan avenue and isattending the fair.Miss Carrie Berry, who has been aguest of her sister, Mrs. F. P. Lowry,left this morning for a visit to relatives in Nashville, Tenn.STRAYED HOGSFour hogs have strayed fo my placeon the L. J. Fretwell farm, nearAusterlitz. Owner canhave same byproving property and paying charges'.HOWARD ADAMS,6-3tpd Austerlitz, Ky.Paris Grand.SATURDAY, QSEPTEMBER v7J. A. COBURN'SGREATERMINSTRELSAn Ail White Company of Merit.Presenting the finest electric firstpart ever seen on the Pans Grandstage, with an array of highgrade comedians, singers anddancers.Added Attraction for the Children"The Great Mantell PerformingDoll Circus 'Prices, 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c.Secure seats at Mitchell &Blakemore's.One NightMonday, -4 -iSeptember fLatimore & LeighPresentMR. HERBERT BETHEWIn Harold McGrath' famous Novel,Dramatized by Grace Living-ston Furnier,"THE MANON THE BOX"The society event of the season.200 nights in New York and 150 nightsin Chicago.A New Yoik production.PRICES 25-35-50-75-$ 1 .Public Sale of DesirableOn Wednesday, September 13, at10 :30 will be sold on the premises tothe best bidder the residence of Mrs.Mattie Hutchcraft, Corner Main andFifteenth streets. It has all themodern conveniences. Inspection invited till day of saleu House closedon that day.GEORGE VARDEN.FOR RENT.Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Good stable onpremises. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.29 tf E. T. Phone 591.Notice Posted.All persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any land or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is hereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.29 6t Hume and Bedford Pike.NOTICEAll accounts due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on account of a change in the firm.Respectfuly,22 tf YERKES & KENNEY.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker good asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.28 tf , '' ., , R. F. D. No. 3.Wanted.Good Housekeeping Magazine requires the service of a representativein Paris to look after subesriptionrenewals and to extend circulation byspecial methods which have proved unusually successful. Salary and commissior. Prveious experience desirable, but not essential. Whole time orspare time. Address, with referjencps.J. F. Fairbanks, Good HousekeepingMagaizne, 381 Fourth avenue, NewYork City.FOUND.On the streets of Paris a M. M. I.Class Pin. Owner can have same bypaying for advertisement.TBKEAKODAKnith YouKodaks $5 to $18.Brownie Cameras $1 to $12.Daugbertp BrosVERY SPECIALljlpiigTSipu.r" "-y vr-yTjffy,1 1 ', , H'lwrs. - - - !. r m. j " " r J , !qffM3g3gpg3CjBliWOMBMMBCome in and Get Them."rvir "J " "- -"Reductions in fI will sell you LAWN and$ been able to buy it.A few HAMMOCKSJ. T.IFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.IDROP INTake aNew Fall GoodsBeautiful New Silks and Trimmings,Latest Novelties inDRESS GOODSImported ideas in Neckwear and all DressAccessories.W. Ed Tucker j1 WE ARE READY FOR YOU IIFee's CashFor ThisTin CansMason Quart JarsMason 1-2 gallon JarsII8 Bars Lenox 'XvSoap :Dundee brand Evaporated Milk, thebest packed, 3 cans forMatches, 3 boxes of the best H mSafety Matches CFEE'SLI HAVE SOMETO OFFER YOU ON""-iLJLJj Jt iLT JliXlPORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.MlSrTOIN"?affLook at Ourt"ISpecials.Week.35c doz.50c doz.- 75c doz.IIIPRICESCarpets,MattingandRugs.25c25cmW1 i.ii. mur rM" wownri m HMrwmb &.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPT. 8, 1911.-v7 iBioodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, WhoopHas Millions of Friends.How would you like to number your ifriends by the millions as P.ucklin's jing Cough and all Throat and LungArnica carve aoesr jlls usluuhuuiscures in the pat forty years has madethem. Its the best Salve in the worldfor sores, ulcers, eczema, burns,boils, scalds, cuts, corns, sore eyes,sprains swellings, bruises, cold sores.Has no equal forpiles. 25c at Oberdorfer's. Affections. ine oesu remeay iorvilHrpn . 9Kp.. 50rt and 81.00 abottle.s.Mrs. HarrletteWellsAUen.Gaffney.S.C.says:..T "have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andlremoter of Transportation) its the erst meaicme mat nas aone me mucn guou.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Company Talks.fcimwawnaiiimiiiiJii ,'in 'i intaatTernaaaaJLm3i"j,o.ntttmarrmavuiiaiwSHIPPERS WILL BENEFITEXPECT CANALi. iwr w 34 .C B- 29f m 10 :K f ' 40 :I. m: ' 37 1fe f 3 :X i 12!' iv 33if m .26r m 'I W 39f ft 30ft - 1. 32t I . 31h T no.K: mr 29K K 30 1If- K 31vm 13 .RCmJS a K B 3 m K 5VfSfSHfiTlsSurThe Millersburg Militatv Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hoc water heat and electric lights. Atiileticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $3GO Per School Year for board,tuition' and general laundry."Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.0pa6 September 13.COiLo C. M. BSI9 Princ3pa39Baltimore. Man Will Bid For CarryingMails Between Atlantic and PacificPoints When Big Ditch Is ReadyFor Business Will Greatly ReduceCost of Transporting All Classes ofFreight Across the Continent GivesTwo Examples.New York, Sept. 6. The Atlanticand Pacific Transport commny ofNew Jersey, a $15,000,000 corporation,formed to bid on the ocean mail service through the Panama canal, forwhich Postmaster General Hitchcockhas advertised for bids, was incorpor-i ated in Trenton, N. J. One of the in-j corporators, Bernard N. Baker of Bal-eir8;jii.uiiii.4,jajiMj'gotMasxi'iii!W'fi..tvJiagwiHjtKLuauzcnsKMUvwiHJia'iiMxtx ajhj ttft&3gHI f m m mte&Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky, timore, who helped to establish andJ was president of the Atlantic TransIpoit company until it was absorbedi by the International Mercantile Marine, was at the Waldorf to explainthe purposes and plans of the newcompany.Pie gave two concrete examples ofwhat transportation by the waterroute will aave to shippers. Pig iron; was sent by the overland rail route,j said he, until recently, from the Birmingham district in Alabama to San, Biego, Cal., foundries at a cost of ?10j a net ton. Not long ago a Chinese. company underbid the American rail-roads and entered into a contact byi which they could bring pig iron from' China, pay the duty and deliver it atj San Diego at a lower rate.Mr. Baker said that by taking thisi product down to Mobile on badges andcarrying it from there through thej Panama canal, pig iron could be deI livered at $o a ton. and that meantthe long English ton, too.. His other instance had to do with, the shippers of lemons and orangesfrom California. It would mean toj these dealers in citrous fruits a saving of approximately 40 per cent, ori between $10,000,000 and ?15,000,000 ammwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmfigs HIHIS Cfofcfitng OeparfcmenS: SpIP& "We are continuing our- Sale for-naafclier S3I International Gasoline iENGINES L& IE?$ All Types of Fu silage and Feed Cutting Machineryi Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co, ' ilj Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.tBjait.lHUlMtffct'taK WW In Hi V. ft! , I UBitn&a?&U:aai!)lWmwMmmXJiXtiFUU3I13CVMiw7WBnasrClttmSl..UUiS hiihimiii ll ! II I I III I;?sWe are continuing our-Sale for-naafclierten dys. If you hava not u d Uie oppoi-tanifcj-to come ia, do so NOW. All cutpr&dc -previously advt&Mzed iiokl god. j&SSustill0 saver al lines we foave m&&$greiufcer rW actions.We Muafc" Raise Money For Our New Buildingyear.ssL.WOLLSTBNClothing and Shoe DepartmentYP.lZG.m4 " MAFMANIACS FIGHT RESCUERSJapanese Ingenuity.A remarkable specimen of Japanese ingenuity and skill has jnstpassed through the New York custombouse. It is a complete set of falseteeth carved entirely out of hardwoodof a color to exactly imitate the nntural teeth. They are intended foractual useLV&viOftA& rS'mivsJSS'r&Stm'!iYWing of Arizona Insane Asylum Destroyed by Fire.Fhoenix, Ariz., Sept. 6. Thrillingscenes -were enacted at the Arizonainsane asylum when fire sweptthrough the east wing of the buildingin which scores of insane personswere quartered. That no lives werelost is regarded as marvelous in view jTnuuvMLKBiaij9vm3xBixir of the difficulties presented to thenatures sr AgesL.0tipie-tabLeIIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No. . FROMAtlanta, Ga., Dai'y .n o 2b amLexington, Ky., Daily . 5.23 amMaysille, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday : . 7.35 amtjyiiuiiana, j.y., ua-uy xucuu uuuuaj -u u..Rowland, fiy., Daily Except Sunday i 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . 8 12 amCincinnati, 0., Duily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.02 amLexington, Ky,, Daily -iu.ud amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily ' 5.40 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.29 amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 15 DmJacksonville. Fla.. Daily 6 27 pm14 Lexington, Kj'.. Daily 10.17 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pmTrains IDe-peirtfiremen.When the flames burst out the panicamong the inmates was great, especially among those in the violentward. Many of the maniacs had tobe placed in straight-jackets and thenforcibly carried from the buildingfighting their rescuers. Shortly afterall the inmates had been removed the;roof of the east wing fell in.JAMES EADS 'HOW"""Since Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction or 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlardCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cenect Co,&sss?$:&miAIBepaPtBRGiaTAprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose" 1 5c,Gingham Dresses $1.98,;vorth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers! 1 9c,Ladies' Vests 8c,Lfalt&'v mw '' mju. TAljir- .y Ttyfi'WI Yi' TKtnrM --mmmmmmmmmmm1TTWF "TTl.rCSv JLAM JLJX.'8kJ-. ffls. sStore Tbis Weeks WmB?-SjJWhiJc GlovesI9Ladies' Slippers $I.25,jJvorth $2.im1 5Entertained Four Score of Hoboes atConvention.TO.5.33amamamamairamamCincinnati. 0., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47Erankfcrt &, Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.35Cincinnati, O., Daily Except) Sunday 8.20Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20Lexington, Ky., Daily T J).57Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 4 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 amMaysville, K., Daily 11.52 amOvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.40Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.35Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sundaj" '. 5.4SLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v 5.50Cincinnati, O., Daily ...."... v '. . .6.22Lexington, Ky., Daihr ...... K ...; . 6.25Maysville, Ky. , Daily) Except Sunday 6.25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.48 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pmpmpmpmpmpmpmMarfanBros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The bsst Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.mSrmMTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky2mSrKsIt s not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not dnp under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold,it s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged thepnnnF?NrS?cLbolutly; F1 roofin- Amalgamates ARCKUUMNCj is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate orm J0AUjeJmthorized t0 refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.9 AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, IILParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.v&2One LotIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. i9WfiTains -L.xa3?irHOBOES IKSURGEf.V- j5-. lj3Ko. Q FROM 'Ji k&'rl f2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.15 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : . . .,,.. j. .3 40 pm8 .Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 4f: V. . . .' '. .? . .6.0f pm'162 fiouisville & Frankfort, Sundaj-- Only .10.00 pmTrains XDejDa.rt,, n.t7o.TON Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Cmiy .-.-:. .gewi,. -l ...pffl.,7.10.tamiFrankfort & Louisville; Daily Except SunaayfT.r. . . . .WT. .17743 anV9X, ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sundajy .. ." - .9.53 am,lrankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Suuda. ' .-. 5.55 amObject to Meals Furnished by "Mil"' 'lionaire Tramp.'"m .Washington, Sept. 6. James EadsTIow's "convention of the unemployed," with its four score of "hobo" delegates, concluded its sessions herewith insurgency rampant. The insurgents are peeved at the variety offood dished out to the delegates bythe generosity of How, who is calledthe "Millionaire Tramp," and at the.teens ervative toneof the regulars. TheConvention adopfed resolutions condemning the policy oi congress in notmaking the securing of jobs easier.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B Tested for30 Years.Hawkingi spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured witti pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yoi aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kill ambition, often causesiacc nf nrmetite. and reaches to general debility, idiccr and 'insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Elcxl Balm (B. B B.)Ifc is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system ot thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B B.)purifies the blood;, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.seiids a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andStrength just where it is needed, anden teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggistrf or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for Heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.NETTLBTONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Close Out atCal3 whifewe have your sizeGeo. !VFWii!ams5No more tickets given on raffle until further notice-MSEEH14cvarga x-rURBON NEWS, PARIS,r KENTUCKY. SEPT. 8, 1911..' -r VV -rBad SpellsUfI suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs. Mollie Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as vell asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well. I had been an -invalidfor 5 weary years Cardui relieved me, when everythingm else failed."aIf you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Mrs. Navy did. For morethan 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy, for women,has been used hy thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real value in relieving their aches andpains. Why suffer longer? A remedy that has relievedand heiped so many, is ready, at the nearest drug store, foruse, at once, by you. Try it, today.Write to: Ladles' Advisory Dept., Chattanoora Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 57KWRDR.DOLLESINSTITUTEWhere MEN are CURED.LET ME CURE YOU!FINEST EQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHEUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOS7.IN ASHORTTIMC. NO CURE, NO PAY,FAMOUS FOB 20 TEABS.Difficult Surgical Operations performedwith ekill and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST CURESOf any Specialist. That Stay Cared,TQTTSQ MEN ASTD ALIi ME3T, C03IE.13 1 F CO PEBMAXEXX CUKE, withoutthe knife. One treatment cures.VARICOCELEXO KNIFE. CnrediaOne Treatment.OErDTIf DC Stricture, Etc. CuredJftU IT I UrCCi by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Xdenta. Boils, Ulcers. Sores, Diseasesof tire- Kidneys. Bladder and ProstateicisLn.ct, Bfecumatism, Nervous Troubles.UYnBftPCIE Cured! la One TIsit. NonitinUullLll knife. So danger.All cafcee guaranteed and accepted on the "BollePlan" of not one dollar to be paid unlessCHred. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Boat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 pasro Book Free, Inch is worthits weight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent f eft led upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all lettersperecnallr- All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdispaee fully to me so that I can write you justwhat ib needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.Cured by the Marye! of the IiCentury, B. B. B. Tested fori.30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. ro prove it we will send jou aSAMPLE TREATxMENf FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sDres,itching humors, s. veilings, mucuspatches, bone pains, oifenive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBloodValm.) All syrapthoins healQuickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing fie entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worst;ase of blood poison. Drugibts or byexpress, &l per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cur. Samplessent free by writing Blool Balm (Jo.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free nidic-il a I vice given.Sold by Varden & Son.WALTERh specialist t" TJPOISONNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every erainjrrowins: country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersare: lijrhtness of draft:NOThandiness of operation;MADEdurability of construction; ability to do perAfect work m any kindor grain; accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knotter;absence of neckweieht and sidedraft The NewCentury is the latest type of binder.tnade by the people who cave the'world its first successful binder, ana"now cive it itsmost successfulone a cinder thatiYerkes &'In 1 1 I HCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price., It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.I have located in Paris for 'the purpose of conducting a generalContractiragandBoiSdsrag Business.I hive been a builder for the past' twenty years, and can handlej yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references f ur; nished. Call on me at Fordham' Hotel, or call up Home hone37, Eastj Tenn. phone 123-2.Dr. Wrn. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.02ice Phones j g0E. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.Admiaistrator's Notice.All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, debased, will have same properly proven sippnrriinrr t.n law and filed witn theundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indented to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work.better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billsBYwith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"ThmBtYmt"Announoementi fc"tfT 7 YITTrM"!naW. L. nhMEKII Willi 1RKPritchard.POPULAR EXCURSION"Land o! ihs ky" and "apphire Country'Tuesday. September 12 the Queen &Crescent Route in connection withSouthern Railway will operate aspecial excursion to the "Land of theSky" and "Sapphire Country" at thefollowing low ground trip fares fromLexington :Asheville, N. C, $7.50.Hendersonville, N. C, $8.50.Waynesville, N. C, $8.50.LakeToxaway, N. C, $9.50.Final limit to return until September 27, 1911.Special train consisting of Pullmandrawing room sleeping cars, Pullmanobservation sleeping cars, modern daycoaches, electrically lighted.will leaveLexington at 9 p. m. Tuesday, September 12.Upon payment of $1.50 additional tofares named above tickets Siwill berouted going direct or returning viaI Chattanooga, Lookout Mountain, orthe reverse.Stopovers will be permitted at manypoints, , including Knoxville, Tenn.,1 enabling passengers to visit the Great1 Appalachian Exposition.Ask ticket agents for particulars or, addressI H. C. KING, P. & T. A..t Lexington. Ky.W. A. BECJKLER, G. P. A.,Cincinnati, OhioThe Point of Difference."Imitatin dc busy bee is all right,"Bald Uncle Eben, "if a man is satisfiedto lay up honey foh bisse'f an' not go'round tryin' to sting somebody."Attacks School Principal.A sdvere atta'ck on school principal,Chas B. Allen, of Sylvania, Ga., isthus told by him. ' 'For more thanthree years,'' he writes, "I sufferedindescribable turtutre from rheumatism, Liver and stomach trouble anddiseased kidnys. All remedies failedtill I used Electric Bitters, but fourbottles of this wonderful remedy curedme completely.' ' Such results arecommon. Toousands bless them forcuring stomach trouble, female chmplaints, kidney disorders, biliousness,and for new health' and vigor. Trythem. Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.An Exertion: The Foundling.Every mother's son of us has relatives he doesn't like. Chicago News.A FierOe Night Alarm.is the hoarse, startling cugh of achild, suddenly attacked by croup.Often it aroused- Lewis Chamblin, ofManchester, O., R. R. No. 2 fortheir four children were gteatly subject to the croup. "Sometimes insevere attacks," he wrote "we wereafraid they would die, but since weproved what a certain aemedy Dr.King's New Discodery is, we have nofear. We rely on it for croup and forcoushs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble." So do thousands of others.So7may you. Asthma, Hay Fevr, LaGrippe, Whooping Cough. Hemorrhages fly before it. 50c and 1-00Trial bottle'free. Sold bv Oberdorter.-Rhode Island's Small Vote.Rhode Island, says the ProvidenceJournal, casts a smaller vote, proportionately to its population, than ispolled in any other northern state.Kills a Murderer.A merciless murderer is Appendicitis with' many victims, but Dr.King's New Life Pills kill it by prevention. They gently stimulatestomach, liver and bowles. preventing that clogging that invites appendicitis, curing Constipation, Headache, Biliousness, Chills. 25c atOberdorfor's.Worthy Object.Let us sometimes -live be it onlyfor an hour, and though we must layall else aside to iLake others smile.Charles Wagner.in spring and summer, itthe natural time to store uphealth and vitality for theyear. .,Scoffs Emulsionis Nature's best and quickest help. AH DrugguteA Happy View.When I dig a man out of troublethe hole he leaves behind him is thegrave in which 1 bury my own trouble. F. Parnell.WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't you' make every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not be' willing to spend your last cent to findthe cure?Ttnf -wi-vn nori tint- Ipnvp inmf forB u jw - - r. .these distant springs. Kenet is ngnthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat .least a 25-cent bottle today. We assure you of instant rolief.G.S. Varddn& Son.VITAL QUESTIONSE AIREGovernors of Forty-Two Statesto Hold Conference.Spring Lake, N. J., Sept. 4. Governors of approximately 40 of the 46states will meet in conference hereSept. 12. Thirty-seven chief executives have accepted the call outright,several from nearby commonwealthshave yet to be heard from and of thesmall remainder those who can so arrange their 'duties will attend for atleast a portion of the time. Theoriginal conference at the WhiteHouse, held upon call of PresidentRoosevelt in 1907, was attended by83 conferees.The full five days of the programtvill be devoted to discussion of questions now uppermost in the minds ofstatesmen, while social affairs will bekept in the background.Last year, at Louisville, a round oEentertainment was provided whichtook so much time that the businessof the conference was curtailed. Whenthey adjourned to meet at SpringLake the governors told GovernorWilson that they wanted ti comethis year for serious business andwould leave the social end to theirwives and others who might accompany them. Accordingly, GovernorWilson and the committee have refused to allow any entertainments tobe arranged.On the program, which has alreadybeen announced, are topics of widespread interest. To the discussion ofemployers' liability and workingmen'scompensation laws an entire day willbe given and the state control of public utilities will be discussed for another full day. Governor John A. Dixof New York will discuss the new inheritance tax law passed last winter,and the question of fixing interstatetraffic rates will also be consideredat a separate session. Governor Herbert S. Hadley cf Missouri will be aspeaker en this subject.Added interest to the gatheringwill be given by the presence of twoprominent Democratic governors,Judscn Harmon of Ohio and Woodrow Wilson of New Jersey. President Taft may be present for oneday and address the meeting, butthis has not yet been definitely arranged. FLY KILLING CONTEST ENDSOver Three Millions Swatted by Minneapolis Lads.Minneapolis, Sept. 4. With a finishthat surpassed the expectations ofevery olficial of the city health department, the swat-the-fly contestended with 3,208,575 flies killed.George Knaeble, 13 years old, in firstplace the last week of the contest,won the first prize of $50 cash witha total of 266,340. His lead of theweek was cut down to a bare marginof 1,680 by Theodore Beder in therace from the start. Beder won second place with 264,660 flies killed. Itis planned to make the fly-killingcampaign an annual event in the city,and it s believed by the health officials tha- a great deal of sicknessand suffering will be done away withas a result.BRIDEGROOM A SUICIDE xBroker Returns From HoneymoonLittle Improved in Health.Philadelphia, Sept. 4. George B.Atlee, senior member of the brokerage and banking firm of George B.Atlee & Company, committed suicideby shooting at his home here, wherehe had just returned after his wedding trip to Canada with his bride ofthree months.Mr. Atlee, who was well known asa college athlete, class of 1902 of theUniversity of Pennsylvania, was driven to the verge of nervous prostration from overwork four months ago,when his physician insisted that heshould go away for a rest. He arranged all his financial affairs andwithdrew temporarily from activeparticipation in his firm's business totake the enforced rest, and decidedto make a honeymoon of his restcure. He marr.ied Miss Louisa J.Levy of Baltimore three months agoand went to Canada with his bride.They returned a month ago and open1 tnei" home. Atlee was still suffering from insomnia and nad improved little in his health.Mrs. Atlee had dressed and waswaiting on the porch for her husbandto join her before going to the breakfast table. She had left her husbandin the bedroom almost dressed andwas expecting him to join her everyminute when she heard a shotfromthe second story bedroom.CAUGHT WITH THE GOODSNew York Police Have AJIeged BlackHand Leader.New York, Sept. 6. Collared as hewalked through a crowded East Sidestreet with a bomb concealed beneathhis coat, a man whom the police credit with being the master mind of theworst of Black Handers that ever operated in New York, was arrested.He is Guiseppe Costable, a "salesman." At police headquarters it wasdeclared that Costable not only directed the 16 bomb outrages in thetenement district during tho lastrionth, but that he had also figuredin several recent kidnapings.WILLBGOOD LIVERWhen you suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating, ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, js Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle.Thousands of people first learned, Popular Idea Shattered.A chicken crossing the road wrecked a motor car. So. after all, it isn't' get on the other side. St, Louist'ost-Dispatch.Having an Understanding.Teacher "Arthur, I shall be obligedto detain you again toda: after schoolis out." Arthur (aged seven) "Ofcourse you understand that if there isany gossip comes of your keeping meafter school every day, you are responsible for it." Boston Transcript.rrrnmargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,Onfy Show to beNFamousGermanL Paris, Ky. 1aaaMMMBlOHljtaaHKBataB901tBnMBHtS3aBMMMMHaaMtHMHaBBBMtSn7 7 fMMadam Josephine's Troupe of 14 Performing Leopards,Herr Van Gordon's Troupe of 14 Performing Lions.Head of Educated Elephants Drove of CamelsTwo Troupes Trained Horses and Dogs3 Big Circuses, 3 ftings1 OO Acts 1 0O Artists10 Male and Female RidersTroupe of Bicycle RidersTroupe of Japanese Riders9 DeCosta Aerial ActsWorld's Greatest RidersDavenport Family15 Features.I. X. L. Ranch Wild West50 Cow Boys and Girls; Trick Riding; Lassoing; Virginia Reel;Rough Riding; Stage Coach Robbery; Hanging HorseThief; Bucking Horse Riding; Companyof Ex. U. S. Cavalry Rough RidersGrand Free Street Parade8 Brass Bands, 6 Tableaux, Cages, Dens, Steam Caliope, 50Mounted People, Wild West, Elephants, Camels, Etc.Two Shows DailyCheap Excursions on all RailroadsREMEDY FREEof this remarkable cure for stomachyliver and .bowel troubles through a.free sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly ofPlainview, 111., sent for one, and itcured lier and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, tkcPostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Ncsick person can afford to ignore stremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for all the family frominfancy to old age, because it is mild,free from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or money wiltbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. WLB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell buildingMonticello, 111.Foolish Way to Look on Life.The most Ignorant of all are thoswho' constantly dwell on the dark sideof life. Never, in this way, will iifabe brightened or bettered.Adapted."Ah," said the persistent householder as he crept up on the happy andunsuspicious fly buzzing at the window, "this is the pace that kills!"To Cleanse Brushes.To clean hair brushes put a tablespoonful of ammonia into a basin oftepid water and dip the brushes upand down in it until they are clean.Dry with the bristles down and thexwill be like new.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.II you are looking for "TheHat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson 8aird.fyvz Zbis Yeana u N aShows1,000 Raieenagene -aa30 Ground Acts40 Aerial ArtistsTroupe of Arabs10 Myers Brothers Aerialists10 Haydens Wire Artists50 Clowns rnd Tumblers10 SpecialtiesDoors Open 1 and 7 prmw.HIiMV' 0THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST, 8, 1911.r t:Ivfpggacs14 1-3AND 1-2 OFFIIm-iNOW GOING ON-A.ncL "Vill Last lO Days OnlyAll Men's Suits (not damaged) all new Fall, 1911, styles, at 1-2 regular price. One lot of Boys' Suits'? at 50c,iMen's Stiff and Soft Hats not damaged at 1-2 price.IMIens a,xid Boy's Oaops.,Everything must be sold in a very short time, before the fall season starts.lOcBennie WeissberThe Home of Better Clothes, 426 Main Street, Paris, Kentucky.mmmmm mmmm m1 0FINAL CUT ON ALLIFootwearBeginning This WeekB HUaWXMUHM"YV MrPARISTAKES FIRSTGAMEWinchester.Burden and Laross. ErrorsMcKernan, Walsh, Goosetree, Larossand Burden. Hits Paris 10. Win-fhpqfor Q Rarnorl vimr. r: 1 1ir:Chester 1. Two base hit Burden.Defeat Hustlers By Score of 2 to ' l8"8 ilf'u0!11" Si0?""J I aen 1. btolen bases Harrell. OlsnnStruck out by Shears 6, by Burden 3.JLeit on bases Fans 8, WinchesterMMB imSSmSmSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSANNOUNCEMENTS.1 in First Game of Championship Series.SHEARS PERFORMS WELL.Harrell' and Kuhlman Put UpStar Exhibition in Fieldfor the Locals.aALLWalk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.Sum mI B jB L-l HLibat mWTHTiH T1qs For This WeekSvecialLadies White Canvas Button Shoes,high Cuban heel, plain toe, shortvamps. $3.00 value. While they lastSpecial Btmm I 7Ladies' latest style two-strap VelvetPumps. Very comfortable for thishot weather.Special1Come to Us for Your Footwear We Save You MoneyDAN336 Main StreetCOHENParis, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.JIn the first game of the championship series ot the Blue Grass Leagueat Winchester Wednesday aftdnoon,Paris came out the victor, winning aclose and exciting game by the scoreof two to one. The contest was apitchers' battle between Shears forFans and Burden for the Hustlers inwhich the former excelled.McKernan chose Shears to pitch theopener because of his performanceagamsc tne nustiers last Saturday in.tne contest wrncn resulted in a complete blanking for Coleman and hismen and the big side-wheeler showedhis class in the opening tilt.Burden showed signs of returning tohjs old time form but he was notequal to the determined Bourboniteswho laid onto his slants for ten safebingles. Heretofore the Hustler mainstay has been very effective againstParis, and his Btrikeouts were numerous but on this occasion he whiffed butthree of the locals, wnile Shears fanned an even half dozen of the opposingbatters.The Bourbonites put up a fast fielding game, and while the Hustlersthe ball hard and frequently, it wasdifficult for them to get their drivesbeyond the reacn of the Paris fielders.The first run of the game came inthe second session. Maxwell, the firstup, sent a stinging drive through thepitcher's box and was advanced to thesecond station by Kuhlman's sacrificp.Chapman singled to the center gardenand Shears sent a short fly to the tightfield, Brown, Walsh and Lake makingan effort to get the ball, which fellsafely, Maxwell scoring. Harrell linedto Olson who doubled Chapman at second. Harrell's steal, Laross7 error andMcKernan's single in the fifth, put acrimp in the Hustlers, when anotherrun was pushed over the rubber. Chapman bounced one to Burden and Shearsrolled one down the third base line toGoosetree and was out. Harrell singled o right and pilfered the secondsack, going to third on Laross' low pegand scored when McKernan singled tothe left garden.The Hustlers counted their only runin their half of the fifth. Laross bunted and went out Mayer to Barnett.Lake grounded to Shears and .Colemansingled to right. Burden followedwith a double in the same territory,bcoring Coleman. Walsh walked andReed hit a stinger over second whicnHarrell stopped with a wonderfuleffort, forcing Walsh at second.s This ended the run getting on eitherside and the contest closed with Paris jone to the good. The features of the,,game were the fielding of Kuhlmanand Harrell, each performing some!very difficult stunts at short and third jrobbing several of the Winchester menof what looked to be clean hits. Thescore is as follows:Paris 0 10 0 10 0 0 0-2W .nchestsr 000010 0 0 0-1B.tteks Fans, Shears and,. Mayer;,: iSacrifice hits Kuhlman. Goosetree.Double plays Olson to Walsh. Firstbase on errors Paris 2. Time 1:55.Umpire Kane.RELIGIOUS.The Kentucky Conference of theM. E. church will convene at Richmond September 13.All members of the methudistchurch 2re urged to be present nextSunday morning at 10 45 o'clock asthis will be the last sarmon preachedby Rev. Crockett before he leaves forne conierence wnicn convenesRichmond next week.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Councilmen from their respective Wards,subject to the action of the Democratic City Primary September 22,1911: ,FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks.C. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton.C. E. Butler. -J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.inMelons On Ice.Fine watermelons and canteloupeson ice during fair iWeek.C. P. COOK & CO.MATRIMONIAL.Will rp. Quinlan, of Paris, andMiss Lourenia Collins, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Alheit Collins, of theJacksonville neighborhood, were married at the residence of the officiatingminister, Elder Cary E. Morgan,this morning at ten o'clock. Only intimate friends of the family were present. At the residence of the Misses Williams, on Pleasant street this morningElder O. B. Crockett of the Methodistchurch, united in "marriaere .lamps T.nit, Rankin and Miss Sadie IRose, both ofme rtuuaies Mills piecmct.FIRST WARD.L. Wollstein.SECOND WARDDr. Wm. Kenney."D. C. Parrish.William Ardery.TtiIRD WARD.John McCarthy.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them frcmyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.IiwfcOur Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only car-ft.nes the very best in Solid Silverw nnn tir kmC4.&AVA w c i;aiifromgive you anythingteaspoon o a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.m l he House of Oualifv "Both Phones. m. V MftAjr