- ' SrTHE BOURBON NEWS.? "wkP.',PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1911.NUMBER 9Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYLogan Howard.Opera HouseONE GLORIOUS NIGHT ONLY.Thos. H. Sewcll Presents'LenaRivers"By Permission of Bert & Nicola.Mary J Holmes' Novel, Dramatizedby Beulah Poynter,THURSDAY, FEB. 2.The love story so dear to womankind.A "Southern play as sweet as the honeysuckle. Disply a woman's play of woman's emotion, by a woman for a woman. A perfect play; Ja perfect cast;a perfect production.Prices Within the Reach of All.Lower floor 50c; balcony 35c; gallery25c. Reserved seats at Mitchell &Blakemore's.Next Attraction Tuesday, Feb.7-"The Missouri Girl."increase Your salary iKll Mdiiinn ach vtuy i uyiiiy uudii.20 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans Indinola Corn 15C3 cans Baby Bunton Corn 25cOne gallon can Santee Syrup 30cCalifornia Table Peaches, 25c value 18cCalifornia Table Apricots, 25c value 18c3 Boxes Mother's Rolled Oats 25cQuart jar Queen Olives 25cChoice Evaborated Peaches, per lb 10cFancy Evaporated Peaches, per lb .' 12 l-2cChoice Evaporated Apricots, per lb 12 l-2cFancy Evaporated Apricots, per lb 15cPrunes, large, per lb 12 l-2cPrunes, medium, per lb 10cFull Cream Cheese, per lb 20cQueen Sliced Pineapple, per canj 20cBlue Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1 30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2 55Mrs. Rogers Gets Her Children.By a decision of Judge Deni3 Dundon in the habeas corpus proceedingsin the Bcurbon County Court Friday,Mrs. Mattie Rogers was awarded thecustody of her two sons, Charlie Gray,aged 13, and Lucien Gray, aged 11years. Accompanied by them and herbrother, Arthur Pryoi, they lpft thesame evening for the latter's home inCincinnati.Mrs. Rogers and her two son3 willremain the guests of her brother forseveral days when they will take theirdeparture for Panama, where Mr.Rogers is connected with the PanamaCanal work.E. M. Dickson, of counsel for therespondent, Milton Gray, the formerhusband of Mrs. Rogers, and father ofthe two children, fild a response tothe petition, which was later repliedto by David Cline, attorney for Mrs.Rogers.Mr. Dickson, in his argument, attacked the record of the proceedingsin the Harrison Circuit Court, whereMrs. Rogers was granted a decree ofdivorce, upon the ground that the defendant had no notice of the filing ofthe suit and that it was irregular inthat both plaintiff and defendant resided in Bourbon county.Mr. Dickson's motion to squash theproceedings was overruled and uponthe point at issue, after listening toquotations from a number of authorities. Judge Dundon decided that themother of the two boys should havecustody of J her children and (directedthe officer of the court to J.urn themover to her.The fathe- broke down and cried asdid Mr. and Mrs. Noah Gray, the agedgrandparents, and before the final departure of Mrs. Rogers with the sonsthey both bade their father and grandparents an affectionate good-bye. IJowl and Greens.Fine old country jowl and kalegreens every day. Phona your order.T. LENIHAN.fiiranjiSjiQifiRELIGIOUS.Andrew Carnegie will donate $875for a church organ for the CentralMethodist church of Shelbyville, provided the church raise an equal orlarger sum. The church will raise$2,000 it is thought.Call Meeting of County Committee. The members of the Bourbon CountyDemocrat ic Committee are called j;tomeet at the court house Wednesdayafternoon at 2:30 o'clock for the purpose of considering the questionj.'ofraising funds tojjpay Jthe expenses ofthe State primary on May 27, 1911.' CHAS. C. CLARK,Chairman.'.."The Cirocerv Stnr nf CiitaiUir &v.fl62H.VT7-T. -KiMI3iPlvT. C. LENIHAN, Prop.' Both Phones 2343&&&SHeld to Grand Jury.Richard Smoot, a young farmer ofNicholas county, charged in a "warrantas an accessory before the fact to thealleged killing of an infant child ofMiss Laura Gray, Shad Jlhis examiningtrial in Carlisle in the County CourtnnH rosin hplri nver tn the errand inrv ofthe Nicholas Circuit Court under bondof $1,000, which he gave. The casewas submitted at the conclusion of theevidence introduced by the Commonwealth, no evidence being introducedby the defense. Miss Laura Gray,mother of the child, who is in jailcharged with the murder of the child,testified in the case.Cheap Coffee.If you want cheap coffee, we have it,20 cents per pound. " 4C. P. COOIC& CO.M 'www$TOGARDSThe most luxurious accessory in existance. Little soft stocking protectors foreverybody. Fit snugly over the forepart of the bare foot, underneath thestocking. Will positively prevent thesheerest socks or stockings from wearing through at the toes.Price 1 0c per pair. .We have a full line of very handsome silk stockings for the ladies at75c per pair.jiMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."CLEARING SALEIPOF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commence Saturday, Jan. 7iSuits and Overcoats sold at $30, now$24.75Suits and Overcoats sold at $25, now$19.50Suits and Overcoats sold at $27.50 and$28, now$21. SO0&JkWM:mSuits and Overcoats sold at 22.50, now 3fS$1 7.50 pIPmmSuits and Overcoats sold at 20 and $18,Now $15Suits and Overcoats sold at $15 and$16, now m$12.50 XOl ! T" T" t ri- 1 Jl joreciai rrices on uoys auits ana uvercoais. WS&Sl50 pairs Men's and Young Men's All-wool Pants, sold from $1.50 to $3.50,choice 1.00. mj$kawTCSs Heavy Fleece Underwear 38c, worth oOc. a&immmmmmmmwmmmsmKuwAMufminiiiiiiiniTanmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiriimiiiitifiiiiimmniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimFRANK & CO.The Ladies Store.J s3AnnounceReady For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesINWhite GoodsGinghamsSheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviotsLinensSpecial Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin UnderwearHamburgs and LacesYOUR TRADE SOLICITEDFRANK & COIJ- - - - - - - iwkX Vfe fc fc i m M 1 4 5PRICE & CO. Clothiers.s ;,25fe&b: ' uafXt 1XC imJWr HKh,Mim vvk b BiHiiimuiiiiuuiiiHwiiiiimmiwnninmiiHiiiiffliwiijiiiiiitnuinmtuMiut)tiWiiEmmmmwmgmmmmammmammmmmSfW'mmm v .. .... ., - --5-aw..g ILm m320MJP M9lJ btoVH &, '.. ,'J"y -jumu 'hj 'Ni'rinvTar1555A 2;-,W - --1&-r15 X&. "fc. ifc.Y J3I.M ,' .if -?t,.VIf 'wVti-"6Feo, BuckmrWin. -No. 1040There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theifettleton Shoeywhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.Geo. M cWillams,The ShocMan.mlmzmmKri-xyr&zwvisrHti.tmT'irs:T'''A Treat For All Classes WhoSmoke.J A.The Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.JUST SAYBALDWIN BROS.TVo Big Sto es, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOCKSCsssnrV --! -m? Y r ' 1r ryt 1i:LOWRY &&&&&GGWmmmMBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis, Kentucky.$THEcAn Idol Cigar in hismouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis po3k:9b for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest,llesort., therefore, alfye whoare fond of a good smoke, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose dooris"WHEN"and we will stop cutting offthose nice tender chops alwaysto be had at this market. Justthe things for breakfast 31 evendinner if you do not care tobother with a roast. Our lambis the real thing No yearling !mutton, out genuine springlamb, tender, sweet and juicy.Try it and you'll surely enjoy it.om,o ",i - ,.:r. ,vU.jl j j a li uu uui a. puauii niani;are no- the kind we keep. Ou .locks, bolts, etc., are tiie kindthat stay locked and bolted.They are not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassure. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.TALBOTTOffice Opp. Postof f ice.A P rlicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it. .Laundry,BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, .KENTUCKY, JAN. 31,)THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES, 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 19 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 conts per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,fL.OO I. Payable inHonor Greely's Memory.f Schools all over Kentucky will beasked to observe February 30 andGreeley day and to have exerciseswhich will call the attention of thechildren to the great newspaper man.Pro.f Ellsworth Regenstein has prepared a program for that day and suggests to the teachers in the schoolsthat it be followed if they care to doso. The first thing on the tentativeprogram is the sinking of "America."This is to be followed by the readingof George D. Prentice's poem toHorace Greeley. Then therewould betne telling of the story of the life ofGreeley, f llowed by the closing song,"Auld Lang Syne," which was thefavorite song of Greeley.Lead Pencil Plant in Pulaski.All of the machinery has been received at Burnside, Pulaski county,fcr the lead pencil manufacturingplant which is being installed at thatplace, and the promoters say they twillhave the plant in operation withinabout sixty or ninety days. Aboutfifty people will be employed in thefactory, many of whom will be girls,besides the force which will be in thefields. This plant will get the cedar inthe rough and manufacture it to theproduct just ready for the lead to beinserter!. It will thfn ' be shipped toGermany for the lead and finishingtouches.Thousands ofold cedar rails are beingtaken from fences, they having beenmade years ago from the very best ofcedar, and will be used in the newenterprise at Burnside. Cedar postsin many instances are being removedand a new wire fence put in the placeof the ohi one by the company in exchange for the posts, which will beused in manufacturing the lead pencils.The Burnside factory will be the onlyone of its kind in Kentucky andjamongthe very few in the whole South.L. 4 N. Can Legally Acquire F.C.Special Judge Benton, in the Franklin Circuit Lourt Friday, dismissedthe petition seeking to prevent a merger of the Frankfort & Cincinnati Kailway Company and the JLouisville andNashville Railroad Company declaringthat they are not in parallel and competing lines within the meaning ofSection 201 cf the Constitution, asamended by the Commonwealth.Judge Benton reviewed the historyof the F. & C. line and the evidence inthe case at consiaerable length. Hesaid he regretted not having time toprepare a written opinion.The court says the F. & C. railroadhad reached a physical condition atthe time of its purchase where it wasnot a competing line with the L. & N.and that but for favors extended it bythe L. & N. and Q. & C. roads in tneway of shipments of coal, it wouldhave been abandoned long ago.He said the F. & C. was, to use apolitical expression, "a lame duck" inbusiness. He said tnat the lines werenot parall I and that under the McCcrdJaw there can be no excessive" freightrates in Kentucky, a thing not in theminds of the framers of the presentconstitution.Smoke Less in Winter.A notable iennese 'phjsician assertsthat smoking affects people wrse inwinter than in summer, and he advisesall persons who find their health andmental faculties impaired in winterfor no apparent reason to accept tobacco as the explanation, and to smokeless frequently during the cold months.Tobacco is a very powerful drug, according to this ; physician and cannotbe consumed in laige quantities without a serious effect on the heart. Itmust be remembered that during thew inter the heart has a great deal more; work to perform than in the summer,for the cold causes the blood vesselsto become pinched and small. It isthus Ics able to Dear the extra strainput upon it by smoking.Vote Traiiic Must Stop in Fleming. The Fleming county arrand jury,which adjourned last week, took theinitiative in Kentucky by issuing awarning to the violators of the election laws that the buying and sellingof vote3 in the countv of FlpmiTici must cease. The report followed theinstructions of Judge Newell regarding such infractions and created quitea sensation. The part of the reportreferring to the election law violatorsis as follows:"We, the grand jury.feel itour dutyto warn the political parties of thiscounty to cease the traffic ' of buyingand selling votes. Whilst we have nothad sufficient evidence before us tofind an indictment, yet we feel surethe election laws are continually violated in this county."Anesthetics Long Known.A Chinese manuscript lately discovered proves . that anesthetics wereused in China 1,700 years ago. A certain concoction, it states, was givenby the doctors before performing anoperation, which rendered the patientunconscious. The anesthetic was asimple preparation of hemp. .NO. 320. MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Advocate Discusses DamageSuit Practice.1 1 he Dnilv Aflunonto 0- n.,..:ii-Kentucky, for a number of vears hasbeen making a strenuous fight againstthe bringing of what it terms i"snirie"damage suits against railway companies. In Circuit Court in Danvillelast week, Judge L. L. Walker threwout on peremptory instructions theease of Shorty Jones against the Queenand Crescent route. In the first placeBrady Harland contracted with therailway company to carry a carload ofcross ties from one point to another inthe Danville yards. Harlan then hiredJohnes to assist in the work. On thefirst trip, Jones let a tie fall and mashhis great toe. Forthwith, through hisattorneys, he sued the railway company for SI 000 damages. JudgeWalker promptly threw this as well asother similar cases ouc of court. Inreferring to this particular case, theAdvocate says editorially in a currentissue:"The legislature ought to pass a lawprohibiting the filing of such damagesuits as this one. The heavy burdensoccasioned by court costs must be paidby the tax payers and taxes are alreadytoo high. This promiscous damagesuit practice is one of the paramountcauses for Kentucky's lack of growth,as shown by ;the last census. In thefirst place, such methods prevent capital from coming into the state and onthe other hand the enormous jury andcourt costs make high taxes. To thecredit of iJoyle county and JudgeWalker such cases as these where therailway company is free from fault,are not permitted to occupy any moietime than is absolutely4necessary. Therailway companies have a fixed policyof paying all just claims promptlywithout litigation. Only cases thathave little or no merit are permittedto go to court. Jt used to be that theaverage jury would give damagesagainst, a railroad on most any claim,but the educational awakening of thiscentury has wiped out the old prejudice. Nowadays a railway companygets the same fair consideration as anindividual."May Recommend Such a Law.Couples whom nature has not endowed with strong minds or whose offspring would, as a result of such amarriage, be. weak-minded, should notbe permitted by law to bear offspringis the opinion of Governor Willson."They should be prohibited by lawfrom marriage or subjected to a surgical operation which would preventoffspring," are his words.Many Governors have held to thisopinion privately, but few before havebeen progressive and fearless enoughto announce it. That such a law, ifrecommended to the Legislature, wouldbe regarded radical there is no doubt,and if there is an extra session of theLegislature in the state such a lawmay be recommended byGovrenor Wilson, not only to apply to weak minded people, but for insane and degenerates as well.Revised Political Maxim.A government of the people for doing the people by consent or thepeople. Life.Take OnePain PiHthenTaKe itEasyTo get the best of BackacheGet a Box ofDr. Miles'Anti-Pain PillsOtherwise BackacheMay get the best of youNothing disturbs the humansystcin more than pain whetherit be in the form of headache,backache, neuralgia, stomachacheor the pains peculiar to women.Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are astandard remedy for pain, audare praised by a great army ofmen and women who have usedthem for years."A friend was down with LaGrippeand nearly crazed with awful backache.I cave her one Anti-Pain Fill and leftanother for her to take. They helpedher right away, and she says she willnever be without them again."Mrs. G. H. VTebb, Austinburc, O.At all druggists 25 doses 25 cents.MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.J1911Fortune TellingDot not Uke into consideration the oae MMatial to wonan's happiness womanly health.The woman who neglects her health is neglecting thevery foundation of all good fortune. For without healthlove loses its lustre and gold is but dross.Womanly health when lost or impaired may generally beregained by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.This Prescription has, for over IO years,been curing delicate, weak, paiti'wrackedwomen, by the hundreds of thousandsand this too in the privacy of their homeswithout their having to submit to indelUcate questitoninQs and offensively repmnant examinations.Sick women are invited to consult Dr. Pierce bv letter free.All correspondence held as sacredly confidential. Address World's DispensaryMedical Association, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Great Family Doctor Book, The People's Common SenseMedical Adviser, newly revised up-to-date edition 1000 pages, answers x.tPlain English hosts of delicate questions which every woman, single or married,ought to know about. Sent free, in plain wrapper to any address on receipt ofc21 one-cent stamps to cover mailing only, or in cloth binding for 31 stamps.KA;Sivi (&Xd9nnnBmnnnnnnmriParJA-jrafir ZflkninvlanWe Cater to ParticularCustomersDodson & DeentonPARIS, KY.- i gliiHi i nlTYnil-i,Ohas, 3. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed. ?. Seed Oats.Hemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. 8. BRENT BRO.PARIS, - KENTUCKY!Both "Phones 14.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."WhenJJyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' JThe East Tennessee Telephone Co.IncorporatedwSHow is Your8 COAL BIN?The mercury goes down and down,Coaxed on by zero weather;The coal bin too, and with manv a frownnJ You see them go down together!JJ While we can't stop the mercury fromJfl going to the bottom, we are preparedW to fill your bins to the top.a cr"ifiiiM l -Wfcswikirr,gi'iMinTifiRi, i Dlnl "iswe .r mAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOfTCOAL,WE AEEAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing.UvBE:fwaii- j :tJUr.-vi"'-,-?w-"iv" Al'i":.'iri-v-?-;v wTHE. BOURBON NEWS," PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 31, 1911.r V1tr-SPANISH SERENADE( irpantsrijct 5Tanj )As played by SCHWAB'S Celebrated Orchestrav fcj(.g $rV-2-C "Legato.-7U2M5zjiys,V '(3NfNTig1 :: "XZ i: St: ' :2r f" 3t I( tes $ e3ee$w ggTH- -s-r-g-JSj, g iv 1n.-' -r4'. ; 1Auegro mcaerato. . .a u rati ,u a- ---qSZZpgZ-gg.-y- 'IE-p i -Tl"7rF;; rl5frf Typp t-: r '?" - S" 1 s'2 Ml i ls-1 -- -- rt$: " -2- ip.t. b-9-9-yCurtis & Overby,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford3 Ol-airs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Olfers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five vears experience.Orders left at The Bourbon NewsJoffice will receive prompt attention.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.Jf you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find ife in our present handsome display of smartmillinery.Ve have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Come Watson Baird, ;-J. z-.0.n-" -zzzEzE ---:5 rzizzzzgzzfezzjzzzzzzzz zzzzzzMzzz-zzz-zzz zzzzzz-pizizz- rgzzzz zlzl zZzzzz zzrfczzz nzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzVzzzzzz- -- .C?-tStaccato.D'mpz7 p:JzilzzE"i ii - -i j i j i'''it. rit. dim.e'- Epr zzzzzzi-ic-- . ,,. -, s rV g ri,Z-Zr-zzzz ziz-L -Fz:zz5- zi:-f -pzzzr ZT ' S'r W7Zr'- 7& . .tr-g Spnz; gVZZZj-,;. gz zzzzt?Published by AMERICAN MELODY Co., New York.John White-CoLOUISVILLE. KY.Established 1837Highestmarketprice'or PIIPQrawand HIDES.WOOLI COMMISSIONDon't 'et this mostdestructive of allinfectious diseasesget a "grip" onyour flock.A few drops ofBOURBON POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, Limbcrneck, Roup and otherexisting forma of poultry diseases, and putsfowls in prime condition for egg-laying.One 50c bcttlc makes 12 gallons of medicine.Every poultry raider should keep a bottlef this medicine on hand.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.octDaugProfessional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank &Co.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Olilce .'514 Main Street.E T 13(1Oilice Phones J H'ome. , E. T. 334.Residence , Home 334DR. A. B KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyJ. WILLIAMS,.. v :... " "2oo1 Elks uuuaine.'KBvSHtk5fep5Br-iJSSrpafd lfTCHOLERASkillsmm- -,EtT:SJFyzz:,r- ggj -5--!MIRRORSRE-SILVEREDBYC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, Opp.Windsor HotelUpholstering,Repairing,Refinishing.I have just received a newline of sample? for upholstering covers.Home 'Phone 253.East Tenn. 392.Special WinterTourist TicketsVIAmOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexiqo,North and South Carolina,Porto Ilico, Tcuneisce andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs. 'Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe AVest, South West andNorthwest; alo to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, &c, callon writeW. K. HARRIS, Aentt.or D. s: JORDAN.? T. A.nK3fep X ??dzr'- zj -z:zEzzzzz-z xSpz 3Ezfezz-zt:z zzzz:tempo.--- -rv-.ztr ' t-5-23 ..,-7Tz:-r;2J-!-i.nu-.h Serenade. 2 pj 2d p.Jlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phone GG9Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronasre solicited.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Confucius a Real Sport.The Encyclopedia Britannic. oIume VI, page 261, says regarding thegreat sage of China: "They have toldus how he never shot at a biid perching nor fished with a net, the creatures not having in such a case a fairchance for their lives."For such a sentiment Confucius andIzaak Walton should walk down future ages arm In arm together.Pleasant Meals.Shakespeare very truly wrote that"unquiet meals make ill digestions,"and meal times should never be madeunpleasant. Wives must not entertain their husbands at dinner with theday's domestic grievances about children or servants, nor ask for money,and husbands must not retail the worries of the office, the fall in stocks ortheir own personal troubles. Becheerful at meals, everything willthen taste better and digest better;leave the worries in the drawing roomyou can return to tackle them, everso much better if you banish themfrom the dinin g Toom. Home.pi? EZZ i. -"i. ... p ....- -- -m-iK. - 9Z2"ZfEiE5I -Z-ElESiiEzzJz: JLft5T Jr'-i!Lz:z:2) feg-fg:zzr-?zEl.ziTf dim.S: Jz 5: -. -5:i m m- - m m m -. m i -m z C- Fwm '--"- f 9--. y -pr- g -a- 1 :i:r--czzzzir:SzrLr.s.s----sdim.z-zzzzSzzIzz:STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESNebraska last year produced cornmure valuable than all the gold minedin the United States and .Alaska, andworth more than our country's totaltobacco crop ; and wheat worth morethan our total sugar production.Shelby Tevis, of Boyle county,sold a weanling jack colt to J. R.Knox for $1,000. This is the highestprice tor which a jack colt was ever3old in the ) United States. The damof the colt is the Lady of the Limestone, the jennet which was purchasedin Missouri by Tevis for $1,375, thehighest price for which a jennet wasever sold at auction.A Scott county farmer ha3 discovered a new method of increasingthe laying capacity of his hens. B.Stone, of Stamping Ground, has aboutseventv-five hens, and for some timethey only averaged about three eggs Jaday for the whole bunch. He got asupply of distillery slop and fed it tothe hens, and in two days he noted adifference in the egg output. Pie gottwenty -six eggs the second day and thenumber is still increasing.Sprole Lyons, of Louisville, who isa student in Central University atDanville has closed a deal whereby hewill conduct a large mouel farm inthe vicinity of Louisville followingthe cjmpletion of his education. Hewill take a full course in the agricultural department of the University vfIowa after graduating from Central inJune. Mr. L.yons has just rpturnedfrom Louisville, where he met with asyndicate of capitalists who are to finance the enterprise.Quite a llutter was caused amongthe members of the Burley TobaccoUnion and Burley Tobacco Society bythe artival in Lexington of R. B.Bula, of New York, one of the vicepresidents of the American TobaccoCompany, accompanied by R. K.Smith, of Louisville, State manager ofthe company.Messrs. Bula and Smith remained inLexington all night and a wild reportwas quickly circulated that th movement toward a cut-out of the 1911 crophad brought these high ollicials of"the trust" to Kentucky to see whatcould be done to stop the organizationof the growers.Mr. Bula, however, while decliningto be interviewed on his visir. let it beunderstand that he was Pimnlv makinira tour of inspection of the markets atLouisville, Lexington and Danville, toget from personal observation an idea' of the general tobacco situation inKentucky.Poor Kind of Virtue.I cannot praise a fugitive and cloistered virtue, - unexercised and un' breathed, that never sallies out andseeks her adversary, but slinks out of. the race where that immortal garland. is to be run for, not without dust andheat Milton.1 i-i '.i-rr- I : i Itempo.J.zzztzz zzziz:; l v a-V "Ii:zSzz-.. lPut OH in Your Lamp.The human body has been compared to a lamp, the life being the flame.If the lamp, or body, is kept suppliedwith oil the flame will burn steadilymuch longer than when not. Tbopatriarchs lived much longer thanmen live today, and olive oil was without exception one of their "blessings,"which they daily used. Whether thecomparison is merely fanciful or notit is hard to say, but there seems tobe an element of truth in itMaking of a Man.A tired mother who had been occupied all day with an active and verytroublesome boy, as she sat down inthe evening and thought of the. numless details in which her strength hadgone, said: "After all, it Is a daytoward the making of a man."Strange, But True." 'TIs a strange thing whin ye come?to think iv it, that th' less money aman gits f'r his wurruk the more niciss'ry it is to th' wurruld that he shudgo on wurrkin'." "Mr. Dooley Says."Scrofula disfigures andcauses life-long misery.Children becomestrong and lively whengiven small doses ofScott's Emulsioneyery day. The starvedbody is fed; the swollenglands healed, and thetainted blood vitalized.Good food, fresh air andScott's Emulsion conquer scrofula and manyother blood diseases.. FOR SAI.E EY AV, DRUGGISTSScud 10c., nane of paper aad this d. forour beautiful CaviHgs Sank nd CltW.Sketch-Book. Kek dnlc coaUias aGood luck Ttuuy.SCOTT BOWMt 4t Pwl St.. N. Y.,1reK t' Iff'' A,-SJE ,J ;..,.& . JfJ4 V A. ..irwTOE BOURBON NEWS, PARK KENTUCKY, JAN 31, 1911.AIV..B . , '1 iVWSSt ifr y 'Jtt8is&3rzL.- 5 JSqfclMMBg JUL5 I PJffl IS. L Fifcz3x j;S r j I L JM Jbtesa, IBhhh" - nr ! i bbbbbbbbsi Mi ir. ' z-jz.-JJiUm ' ipzmFimy-Jmmm sAC . TKV JsCi isssa- mWfltHBHllfflimifio i lUrr jri.. -Uy ii ii 1 illf llll I R5B IP nil p lift Ki I 'Syii ' nil iiii ID Im m . pill mill jl ua 1 1 i" ZZ tit.I HAVE YOU A HOOSIERiCABINET?IF NOT,WHY NOT?They save time, steps and worry.Let us place one in your home on trial, gThe Hoosier way is the easy way. gSi ooEACH WEEK.A. F. WheelerNa'M ni Thirt Sts. CHAS. GREEN, Hgr. Opf. Court House. SBlo4in Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Hirrlette Wells Allen. Gaff ney.S.C. says:1 have had Bronchitis for about twentyyears andMs the first B4!cine that has Jone me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.FOR RENT.An office of two rooms on Broadway. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.23 4t No. 3 Broadway.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. ThoneTlG.irmiTiargoien s.Lamb,Beef, Pork,Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.Margolen,Paris, Ky.!BjlssaiSGjKr sK ,& ifeI I. yfcJ'JE ,Furniture Co. IVenerable Woman Dies in Hardin. The Harrodsburg Herald says: "Wenotice in the Elizabethtown Nevs thisweek the death in Hardin county ofMrs. Artmecia Hardin Marriott, oneof the county's most venerable and beloved women. She was born January22. 1820. and was the daughter ofUnited States Set.ator Martin Hardinand Rosa Fischer, who was the first Lifefemale white child born in Kentucky. ' death.It is well-known that the N first white 'child born here in the old'Harrod's fortwas a boy, for his grave, still plainly imarked, is in the old fort buryingground, but the tradition that has beenhanded down from generation to gener-1 t , ,ation in Mrs. Hardin's family is that; Mrs. lennessee Oaborn Graves,she was the first female white child I lfe of Warren, c- Graves, a wealthyborn in the state. I lan" owner of bcott county, died at her"When she was nineteen years 0f'homein Georgetown Saturday mornage she married Martin Hardin, who 1 inS a,ftfr a lingering illness of .'severalafterwards became a United State? months .irons a complication of diseaaSenator, and Mrs. Marriott, who has!e3- Deceased was fifty-three years ofjust died, was a daughter of this aKeunion, bne was a most remsrKaoiej woman, retaining all oi ner iacuitiesin spite oi her advanced age, and upuntil the end she took an unusual interest in affairs of the day, and was oneof the best posted politicians in thecounty. She was a great reader of, books and the Bible was her favoritei volume, and she read it through manytimes during her life. She was also, WOman of exemplary Christian characthe oluest Methodist in the country, tPr' having united with that faith in 1835.j "Another remarkable fact concerning her is the longevity of the Hardin' family of which she was a member.Her mother was buried on her ninetyfifth birthday, and she had two sistersto reach the age of ninety years, andstill another to retain the age ofeighty-nine. She is the last of thefamily of six sisters and three brothers. Her death was caused by pneumonia following a severe cold contracted just before Christmas. Shewas closely related to the Hardin family of this city."To Be Happy."To be happy, a woman must notonly Inspire devotion she must heable to appreciate it" A Candidatefor Danger," hy Evelyn Sherwood.How We Gain MostWe gain most not by dwellingthe weak points of our rivals, butstudying their strong points.or.bSparing Her Feelings."And what did papa say when youasked him for my hand?" 4Td gladlytell you, but I'm afraid you'd neverrespect his opinion any more."Regulation of Robberies.Says the Philosopher of Folly:. me ponce win be telling us nextj that It Is Impractical to stop robberies,j but tkat they -will he judiciously regulated."HATtlMONIAL.The marriage of Miss Laura B.Spinks, of Newport, to Mr. Robert H.Ferguson, of this city, was celebrated, in this city Friday afternoon, lneweoamg was me nappy cumuuuuii uia romantic love affair which began'about three years ago when the couplety.' The ceremony was private and occurred at 3 o'clock in the parlors ofthe Christian church. Elder Carey E.' Morgan officiating. The bride, who isa popular society belle of Newport, isthe daughter of Mr. and Mrs. HenrySpinks, who are prominent and weal-my peupiB ui tutu, wibjr. kj4- j j-her teens and was visiting relatives inI Lexington when she and Mr. FergusonrlnniAari tn trot- marrioHThe bridegroom, who is a son of Mr.jinH Mrs. V. W. Fercruson. of this! AA..4.. mnn nlon nnda aoa hilt" fOQrtl-county, was also under age,ly secured the consent of hisA brother of the bride-to-beparents,was em-consent of herparents and accompanied by two of hispuncicu iu uxiiJK nit.teilOW Classmates irom ine uuiveran.y,his sister, Miss Martha Ferguson, Mr.Feruruson and members of the bridal8 I party came to Paiis, where the wed-I ding was quietly celberated.t Mr. and Mrs. Ferguson left on the53:30 p. m. Louivsille & Nashvillew i train for an extended bridal tripJ ; South and upon their return will reside'$ , temporarily with the former's parents,Mr. ana Airs. v. w. reigusuu.iUT. J esse u. vitkik, ui wwiibc,Mo., and Miss Maud Ashurst, of thiscounty were married at 1 o'clock Saturday afternoon in the parlors or tnePhoenix Hotel at Lexinglon. Theceremony was performed by Rev. S.M. Jefferson.The bride is tne daughter of Mr.Lloyd Ashurst, of Hutchison, thiscounty, and is a charming young ' woman with imany friends. The groomis the son of .lames M. Craig, of Bourbon county.The marriage is the culmination of ahappy romance that has existed sincechildhood, when they were schoolmatesin the same school. Quite a numberof the bride's relatives and friendswitnessed the ceremony, and fa luncheon was given het atjjthe Phoenix Hotel by Mr. and Mrs. Scott Willett, ofLexington.The couple left at 2:20 o'clock Saturday afternoon for a two moDths'visit to the bride's brother, Mr. Chas.Ashurst, in Los Angeles, Cal.Revenue Men Raid 'Shiners.Deputy U. S. Marshal Mays andCapt. W. T. Short returned to Richmond Saturday morning after a raidon moonshiners in Clay county, withthree copper stills. Several warrantswere sworn out against alleged operators. Saturday Deputy U. S. Marshal G.C. Thompson and a posse returned toLondon with five men charged withmaking illicit liquor. The round-upwas the result of week's raid in Claycounty.Keep It to Yourself."Borrow trouble tor yourself,that's your nature, but don't lendto your neighbors." 'Rewards andFailles," by lludyard Kipling.Combines Then All.The woman v.iio luns a home sacrifices no dignity; the woman who runsa home well combines ail the professions of womanhood.Grows Out of Death.Is a plant that grows out-Beecher.DEATHS.Mrs. Lottie Rice 'Peddicord, aged78 years, wife of Mr. Henry Peddicord,died at the home of her daughter, Mrs.C. L. Blackerby, on ; Houston avenue,Saturday afternjon at 5:30 o'clock, ofgeneral debility.Mrs. Peddicord had been ill forabout a month. She was a devoutJ member of the Methodist church and nBeside her husband "and daughterMrs. Peddicord is survived hy foursons, John, of Lexington; William, ofVictorville, Cal.. and Chas. and OscarPeddicord, of this city.The funeral services were held atthe residence of Mr. Blaikerby onHouston avenue at two o'clock yester-I da afternoon, conducted by Rev, O.B. Crockett, of the Methodist t.church.The remains were interred in theI Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers were: C. L. Conway, C. L. Blackerby, U. S. G. PepI per, .1. W. Wood, Homar Hutchisonand Ur. A. H. Keller.-Dallas Chinn. aged G6 years, died (vor"l lt staieha tne large majorat his home in this city at 5:30 sStur- ,tv of fa?ers.wl11 J'" l?e,5u mve"day evening after a lingering illness. ment- This will not affect the fari r: oo t, .u mers wanting to grow, however, andCynthiana Steam Laundry. He was "ame inativp nf Hurrnnhmirf mumhar nf ia nrnminpnt Mirror Hnuntv familvPuliatn nf fn Innlr CUimn nnrl n Cnr,fo.ici.ato irofl,.or. ; ., a '.... .,roanjMr. Michael O'Connor, onp nf tholdest citizens of Paiis, died'yesterdaymorning at the home of his nephew,Martin O'Connor, in this city. Mr.O'Connor, who was in his eighty-sitxhyear, had been ill for some time,suffering from heart trouble. The deceased was unmarried.Tho funeral will be held at theChurch of the Annunciation in Parison Wednesday. February 1. at 9 a. m.Srevices conducted by Rev. FatherEugene DeBruyn. Burial in Mt. Olivet Catholic cemetery.The pall-bearres will be: T. P.Woods, John Cain, Jack Woods,Patrick Burke, Pete Ciin and Edw.SmiAtlONJERPLEXING.Sentiment of Bourbon Growersis Greatly Divided and BothFactions at Work.PETITION IN CIRCULATION.Cut-Out Advocates and Opponents Each Claim to Have aMajority in Acreage.The 'tobacco situation in Bourboncounty is the all-absorbing topic. Asto whether Bourbon county will growthis year or cut out the crop is a .matter yet to be determined.Sentiment in this county as regardsthe movement to cut out or grow islargely divided. Nothing in .manyyears has appencd to cause a widebreach among the growers. Prominent growers! are at the head of bothfactions and little is being left undoneto furtheiftheir respsctive causes.For more than a week a petition hasbeen in circulation by those who oppose the cut-nut with the result thata large number of land owners andtenants have signed. The canvas iforsignatures has been conducted on thequiet and the success with which itmet is being closely guarded. Manyfarmers, it is asid, who have signedthe petition have expressed their willingness to abide by the decision of themajority in the Burley belt. Thepetition is as follows:"The cut-out sentiment of this county being very much exaggerated, forthe sake of influencing public sentiment here and elsewhere by certainnewspapers and interested parties, andoeueving mat a larce minority or ourgrowers are opposed to the cut-outmovement and do cordially endorse theresolution of the meeting of January14, 1911, we, thn undersigned tobaccogrowers of JBourbon county, for thepurpose of proving the above facts doherebyMeclare ourselves in favor ofthe right and privilege of any one togrow tobacco in 1911 who wishes to doso,and we hereby append to our namesthe number of acres that we usuallygrow."On the other hand advocates of thecut-out plan are active with pledgebooks and solicitors have been sent into every precinct to secure pledges.The success of fcthe movement cannotyet be determined in Bourbon countyas the situation at this stage is veryperplexing, both sides claiming tohave a majority.The growers of Woodford countyheld a rousing meeting at the courthouse jin Versailles Saturday afternoon and a thousand acres were pledged. More than three hundred growersattend and the vote to cut out was "unanimous. j Poolers and non-poolers, tenants andi some of the largest land owners inI Woodford county, united in the effortto cut out the crop and many on bothsides volunteered to take pledge booksand secure signatures among the farmers. At t.hp nlneo rf fhn mpnrintr fho (nn.' vpnt:n ,vor,Ho,i o .;; t tthanks to Campaign Chairman Bradley' Wilson, of the Burely Tobacco Union,who made the principal address.Chairman Wilson, after the meeting"settled it for Woodford county," asthere was no outspoken opposition tothe cut-out movement.Among those in attendance at thej meeting the tenants were as enthusiastic in favor of the cut-out as theland owners. They said they would, much prefer to raise some other cropof ! and to cut out tobacco.' A meeting of the tobacco growers ofGrant county was held in.Williams; town Saturday afternoon. ! Hundreds; of acres were pledged to the cut-out' mostly in small lots.Pledge books were taken out and thegrowers are actively engaged in getting signatures. Grant county is aimost unanimous for the cut-out. buthas been holding back awaiting the action of the Blue Grass counties.The tobacco growers of Montgomery! county who insist on planting a cropthis year were outnumbered 2 tol, inI their own Imeeting at Mt. ; Sterling. Saturday by the - cut-out adherents! and failed to put through a resolutiondeclaring in favor of giowing a cropin 1911. The dehate was so hot that ariot almost re3olted and feeling in themeeting was intense.An immense crowd Iwas in attendance. The meeting was held for thepurpose of getting the sense of thetobacco growers regarding the cut-outof the crop in Montgomery county.The vote on a resolution to cut outthe crop this year waslcalled j for butfrom the turmoil existing las a resultof the, heated argument" it was impossible for the tellers determine the exact number on both sides.The independents of Montgomery,or those who want to grow a crop,will hold no further meetings, but willgo ahead and start to raising a cropwhile hundreds will cut out.The campaign for signers to the cutout pledge will be continued and those; a (?ne man.,?juc." aS ine nieecin.SlUUducu win ciiuei uc kiuwii hi. Montgomery county.or hell will be! MlSCl.Those who aie for a cut outi utq determined to cut out and thosewanting to raise are equally determinI ed. hTroub e between the tactions wasnarrowly aveited by cool heads. Several hot arguments occurred on thestreets after the meeting. The menhacking a cut-out declare the independents were afraid to have a countmade.. Hiam&iZ A strong sentiment against the cutout has developed in Fayette countyand the members of the Burley Tobacco Society are actively engaged insecuring pledges. Solicitors have beenappointed in every' precinct in thecounty for the purpose of securingpledges to the cut-out. The QurleyTobacco Union is urging the work anilsolicitors have ban raqoaatad to tunin their pledge books Saturday, February 4. at 230 o'clock, when all thegrowers who have not signed will begiven an opportunity to do so.January Honor Roll.To the Honorable Board of Education.Gentlemen: We are glad to reportincrease in both the enrollment andattendance. In the white school theenrollment is 061 and the average dailyattendance 527. In the colored schoolthe enrollment is C58, and the attendance 283. This is a total enrollment of1,019 and an attendance of 810, thelargest in the history of the schools.Every department is in excellent condition The department of Domestic Sciencein the colored school is doing excellentwork, and the greatest needs of theschools are manual training and domestic science and a commercial department in the white schools. Thesewould complete the preparation of thegreat mass of pupils for life. Wesincerely trust tnat you will at oncebegin to consider the advisability ofestablishing these new departments.Every consideration of city and schooldemands them.The arithmetic has been graded enthe basis that a problem is right orwrong. If one figure was wrong in thesolution of a problem, all was wrong.We are endeavoring to teach accuracy.This, doubtless, has reduced the honorroll, which follows:SENIORS.Freida Heller 98, Margaret Buchanan97, John Price 9(5, George Rassenfoss95, Winn Lisle 95, Helen Desha 92,Minerva Rice 92, Katherine Rassenfoss90, Hazel .Wollstein 1)0, Earl Galbraith90.SOPHOMORE.Elsie Heller 9S, Duke Brown 97, "laraChambers 94, G. C. Thompson 9:;, EarlDickerson 91, Clarence llorney 91.FRESHMAN.Eli Friedman 98, Edward Myall 98,Hazel Ingels 90, Sello Woljstein 95,Wayne Cottingham 94, Jake Saloshin93, Joseph Letcher 92, Malvina Sharon91, Ethel Rice 91. Hazel Duvall 91,RuthChambers 91, Lewis Meglone 90, Gertrude Turpin 90. Ruth Lair 90, EdnaKeller 90.GRADE VIII.Lina Crowe 96, Grace McCord 96,Robert Mitchell 95, Edward McShane93, Ellen Henry 91, Gertrude Sheer 96,Marguerite Douglass 94, Robert .Lusk90, Eugene Elder 90, Katherine Kenney90, Winn Hutchcraf t 90.GRADE VII.Vella Mastin 94, Sarah Thompson 93,Edith Mellinger 91, Landen Templin 93,Marion Douglass 92, Barnett Winters92, Stuart Wallingford 91,Connell 91, Willie Mastin 90.Clark 90, Landram Payne 90.ThorntonMauriceGRADE VI-A.Gertrude Lusk 90, Evelyn Friedman95, Hattie Hughes 95, John T. Redmon95, Charlena Ball 94, Elizabeth Galbraith 94, Mary Kearns 94, Edith Boh-bitt 93. Bessie O'Neal 93, Claudie Ballard 93, C. B. McShane 92, FrancesSettle 92, Ethel Harper 92, LeilaSpeakstil, Elizabeth Hall 91, Rosa Gifford 91,Owen Orr 91, Norwood Stitt 90, Madison Smoot 90, Sallie Crowe 91, JuliaFitzgerald 90, Jessie Hill 90, MaryBratton 90.1GRADE VI-B.Amy Rairden 91, Ralph Huffman 92,John Brannon 91, Eugene Roberts 92.GRADE V-A.Harold Ewalt 91, Turney Clay 90.Blanche Chapman 91, John Clay 92,Mabel 'Templin 90, Edith Harper 92,Ina Matox 92, Fannie Heller 95, MaudTaylor 97.GRADE IV-A.Emma Arkle 92, Preston Bales 90,Frank Short 90, Lutie Crowe 90.GRADE IV-B.Edna Huffman 90, Mattie Kinir 91.Samuel Mastin 92, Mary Allie Parrish ;94, Stanley Richard 90, Stanley Rule 90,Martha Settle 94, Madge Taylor 94.GRADE III. sAgnes Turner 94, Eunice Gifford 90,Dorothy Tingle 92, Bessie Sproule 9:,Christine McCord 90, Virginia Huddleston 91, Bessie Gifford 91, AeraBishop 92, Doyle Day 90, Helen Rippetoe 94, Virginia Dundon 90.GRADE II-A.Sidney LinvilleJ94, Julius Herrick 9:5,Elizabeth Wheeler 91, MargueriteHighland 91, Hugh Scott 90, CollinsHall 90, Robert Hall 90.GRADE II-B.Dora Wagoner 90, Alma L. Gold&tlte!&A Proclamation To You.in Announcement of Low Prices.We can save you money on dependablemerchandise. We simply ask you tocall at our store, get our prices and compare them with the prices you may haveon came goods, and you will then beconvinced that our prices are lowestkFORD & CO.Paris, Ky.stein 93, Norbtvt Friedman 1,Mastin 98, Herman Tally 90.GRADE I-B.Clay Alexander 92, Eva Chappell 90,Anna Rutherford Duncan 92, Emmaleen Kearns 90, Katherine Lovell 90,Frances McCarthy 91, Elizabeth Rale90, Allen Thomas 90, Henry Scott Clay91, Donald Crow 90, Cartney Kenton90, Charles Pagett 91, Lawrence Owens90, Charles Owens 91, Julia Masterson.91.GRADE I-A.Nancy Barbee Wilson 95, FrancesCatherine Wills 92, Alice Shearer 92,Elizabeth Wisdom Johnson 94, HelenSpeakes 91, Lila May Lenox 90, ClaraHighland 03.Non-Union Foreman CausesRiot.The plant of the Indian Refining:Company, near Georgetown was thescene of an incipient riot late Fridayafternoon, in which a Louisville nonunion foreman, whose name is notnown, was roughly handled and nearlylost his life at the hands of .a gang ofunion coopers.Wednesday a man named Henderson, who was the regular union foreman of the coopers at the plant, wastransferred by the company to Cincinnati, and in his place a non-union foreman from Louisville was placed overthe men.When they discovered the new headwas a non-union man, the whole force,numbering about fifteen coopers, quitwork and wired rlenderaon to return.He did so. and led by him, it is alleged, the strikers seized the non-nionforeman and hrried him off to Elkhorncreek, a short distance away to carryout their threats to drown him.On the way to rJkhorn the Louisville man was beat, bruised, cut androughly handled by the anrgy rioters.Reaching the oanks of the streamth"y wpre on the point of throwingtheir victim in, when Dr. Galley. Superintendent of the barrel house, attempted to rescue the man. The crowdthen set upon Galley, and it is alleged,handled him roughly. In the excitement the Louisville foreman escapedand has not been seen or heard ofsince.John Fritz, of Lexington, has beenmade foreman of the cooperage'departrnent to the satisfaction of the workmen and everything is running smoothly. "Affinity." in Law.The word affinity, in the eyes of thelaw, Is rather respectable. The encyclopedia says: "Affinity, In law. Is therelations contracted by marriage between a husband and his wife's kindred, and between a wife and her husband's kindred, in contradistinctionfrom relation by blood; but the khvof the husband are In no way relatedto the kin of the wife."Utilization.Bobbster What did Stripplea dothe morning he discovered burglars,had taken all his trousers? Davenportly He came downtown wean :a couple of his wife's hobble skirls.Working on Their Feelings."He can bring his audience to,smiles or tears at will." "I supposesome he owes, and some of them owcihim."Interested."What did the rhinoceros do whenyou fired at him?" asked the eagyrlistener. "He just stood still andwatched me run."NOTICE TO CREDITORS.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.SamanthaWalls'Assignee.etc, Plaintiff"vs.Her creditors, etc., Defendants.NOTICE.All persons having claims, created'prior to the 29th day of November,1909, against Mrs. Samantha Walls orher assigned estate, are notified thatthey must present same to the undersigned properly proven, prior to the15th day of February, 1911, or thesame will be barred by the order orthe court.RUSSELL MANN.M. C. Bourbon Circuit Courts20 3t eot-Sr j.Walsh.T-3UMIU '.13-s:ri.4TE BOURBON NEWS, PARJS,r KENTUCKY, JAN. 31, 1911,m BOURBON NEWS.GOODS OF QUALITYEVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSPEtSONAL MENTION.Wanted.Mr. Withers Davis has returnedfrom a busineii trip to New York.Miss Mary Peed, of Mayslick, isthe gue3t of her sister, Mrs. AlbertHinton.Mr. Chas. V. Higgitis left SundayfcrJEustis. Fla., to spend the remainder of the winter.i, Mis3 Ollie Butler will leave ThursI day for New York where she will takeMen and Women,se, 70 per cent profit.Make $10r.iv. run or part urae. rsegmners. estimate. Wear Prcof, 3038 Chest-jt street, Philadelphia, Pa. 31 5tsell guaranteed ! a spedal course in art-lKnights (o Meet in Paris.)n Thursday. February 16, the Dist ict Convent on of Knights of Pythiasi, il hp hplrl in this cit. Thp mppfintr ! ," " , -j",i L.. fi tt t nomev.. II ue preaiueu uvci uy ur, .rc. xi.xton. A large number of delegates s.. . -i - J I,u ue in anenuance. ,Mrs. Kate Swaine, of (Detroit,Mich., is here for a two week's visitti her brother. Dr. F. M. Faries.Miss Katherine Davis, who hasbeen the guest of Miss KatherineHeadley, in Lexington, has returnedhome.KILLS SiSTERWHO SLEPTHeart-Rending Tragedy OccurredNear Norht Middletown atEarly Hour Saturday.Notice.A II 'those who have not settled theirJaunary accounta please fcall or sendchecks as f need the money to pay .mybills. RespectfullyMIdS JESSIE BROWN.BULLET ENTERS THE BRAINMrs. Wm.after adaughter, Mrs.Hukill has 'returnedweek's visit" to herM. II Davis in Mays-Special Prices.Heao our advertisement on page fiver the special prices we . are offeringm Vacum Cleaners.J. T. HINTON.Elected President.Messrs. Henry Cay wood. W. G.j McClintock and O. H. Peddicord havei returned from a business trip to St.Louis and Greenville, Ind.Mr. Ed Eales, who underwent anoperation at St. Joseph Hospital inLexington about four weeks ago, willbe able to return home this week.Jr. M. H. Dailey, of Paris, wasr trcted President of the Dental So. ety at a meeting held in Lexington' iturday. Dr. Dailey also holds the' ce of Vice President of the State JZ Mrs. William '.Merritt 'Shobe willreturn Thursday to her home in Salem,N. J., after a month's visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Butler.Mr. and Mrs. Henry V. Thompsonand lltt.lp Anuvhtny nf Winohocfar' arani-l 0.. -.. IIm T LI r.vmn. rf I - m. m ' . .. '..L'ciiKu ouictr. yi. o. xi. wiiiw, . visiting xvir. rnompson's brother, Mr.tis city, attended the meeting in Lex- j R. s. Thompson, in Amarillo, Texas,n'ton. ... , .iuiss ijucy neamon, oi rans, wasamong the guests at an elegant luncheon given by Mrs. Warren Wheeler, ofGeorgteown, for Miss Van Arsdale ather home in Georgetown Friday afternoon. The Lexington Leadersays: "MissRuby Stivers entertained a number ofher State Univeristy friends on Fridayevening with a supper party. Thehouse was artistically decorated inState University colors, blue andwhite, together with quantities ofbeautiful palms, ferns and white carnations. The place cards were handpainted emblems of the Universityand the menu was elaborate of severalcourses."Those present were: Misses LydiaKvetsole, Allie Grasty, Elizabeth Bedinger, Edith Stivers, of Paris, JulietGaines, Fan Martin, Louise Martin,Ida May Davis, of Peewee Valley,Lillian, Irvine and Mattie Stivers,Messrs. Perry Rowe, Leslie Jones,Stanley Carrithers, Augustus Weisenberger. Rod Hughes, C. H. Richardson, Ernest Turner, John Chambers,Robert Stevens, Ed Walker , OscarIrvin, M. M. Coleman and FrankForay th."Tresh Vegetables.Peas, beans, cauliflower, head lei-t-teand everything in tresh vegeta-I it.C. P. COOK &. CO.At the Comet Today.Two pictures of exceptional meritz:n promised at the Comet today.ne of them is an Edison feature filmtntitled, "The Adoption." The otheri a very laughable Essanay picture,' Hank and Lank Take a Rest." Mr.IJetcalfe will sing one of the prettiestand latest songs out entitled "For YouBright Eyes."Turtle Soup.We will serve genuine turtle soupfrom 10 a. m. till 12 o'clock tonight.E. II. BRANNON. :Buys Fifteen Horses.An excellent "collection of fifteenpaddle horses has ibeen .bought by S.O. Carpenter, of Millersourg, assistedly William Atterbury and E. P. 3uckner, of Estill ,Miss., for shipment tothe plantation of Col." J. T. Atterburyin Mississippi. These horses are allwell bred and many lof them are exctptionally fine individuals. The totalamount paid for them is said to havebeen $10,000.Sounds Good.Kale greens and country jowl.SAUER.Rifle in Hands of Brother Accidentally Discharged Witha Deadly Result.distheherLast Chance.Today is the last day 'that the Manhattan shirt can be bought at .cost atour store. If you want any shirt bargains call in today us tomoirow will betoo late.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Real Bargains.Full set of Dickens' and Scott'snovels, library editions, we are offering at greatly reduced prices.PARIS BOOK CO. :"My Gad! I've shot sister ! If shedies I want to die too," were thewords of Flournoy Hagan, aged 15years, as he rushed weeping into thearms of a servant girl from t the roomni which pretty little Nellie Hagan,aged 6, lay in the agonies of deathwith the bullet from a 22 calibre riflein her brain." The tragedy occurred Saturday morning about 7:30 o'clock at the home oftheir parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. K.Hagan, a short distance from NorthMiddletown on the Prescott pike, andwas the result of the accidentalcharge of a rifle in the hands ofboy. The little girl was asleep inbed when the accident occurred.Saturday morning about 4 o'clock,Mr. and Mrs. Hagan were called to thehome of Dr. B. E. Bean, father'cf thelatter, who is critically ill at his homein Nc rth Middletown. The childrenwere left in the care of a servant.Shortly after breakfast the boy tookhis rifle and went into the yard toshoot sparrows. Returning a fewminutes later he entered the room inwhich his little sister was sleepnig.According to the statement of the Jboythe hammer of the gun struck againstthe door casing (and was discharged.Seeing his sinter stir in the bed hehurried to her side and found blood .issuing from her nostrils.The boy rushed frantically from theroom crying to the servant, who wasin the kitchen, and who after an examination hastily summoned theparents of the child and a physician.Dr. A. R. iHenry responded immediately but before he t arrived life wasextinct.The bullet entered at a point abouttwojinehes to the left of the nose, andfmm her recumbent position rangedupward, passing through the brain,death resulting almost instantly.The heart-rending tragedy causeduniversal sorrow among the relativesand friends of the unfortunate child, sfamily and the parents are overcomewith grief. The youthful son is deeply affected.The funeral was held Sunday af ter-! noon at 2:30 o'clock, with services conducted at the grave by the Rev. .1.W. Ligon The interement took placein the North Middletown cemetery.Will Operate Trains by Phone.From Fortress Monroe to Cincinnatia distance of nearly one thousandmiles, the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad will soon be using the telephonemethod of controlling train movements. Since last March the telegraph has been supplanted for traindispatching over four of the most important divisons of the load.IEdisonPhonographsFythian Meeting in Lexington.Lexington Company, U. R. K. P.,will, together with similar organizations of Cynthiana, Paris and Win- jcocster, assemhle at Merrick Lodge .bjilding in Lexington tonight, for the Three Players May Be Sold.purpose of having their officers for, ,. , et, . ,im int-aill. onrt i hp variniie r-nm. T. hree members of the Pans Base Balltianiea usneeted. The eeremnnips will Club are Mkeiy to be disposedhe ur-rsenallv conducted hv Hriacrriier ! higher clubs accordingfi -moral Jirips E- Mnftainfepn. nf Ww- I given out byport, who is at the head of the military department of the order in Ken-lucky.ot toto informationPresident Bacon. If areport published in a sporting paper istrue the Evansville Club of the Central League, haa an eye on John Scott,who for two seasons has been in theshort field for the Bourbonites. Wesley Holder has the attention of theCommon School Graduate's Examined.The examination for common schoolgraduates was hdd Sutturday in theoffice of Miss Mabel Robbins in thecourt house. The examinations weretakn by the following: EmersonGalloway, Roy Galloway, Winn Lisle,Ethel Wood, James Thompson, Arleane Kustard, Sidney Neal, AllenSmith, Arthur Harney, melia Kuster,Dursia Frakes, Malvina Sheannon,Dennie Kennedy, Nora Shannon, Margaret Toohey and Mary Brooks.Beautiful Valentines.Stop in and see our beautiful line of ' Terre Haute club of the same 'league,PARIS BOOK CO.Four NegroesFrank Jackson, JohnLeonard Hilton and Willnegroes, were arrestedJailed.tT. Jones.V'.intinwc ana xuempnis, or tne aoutnern league,is matting an enorc to purcnase merelease of Jimmy Poole.rni i. a. a. i ? PkI ine report uiai ltiemnnis is a iteri Poole is well founded as is that ofTerre Haute and President Bacon hashaH Bovoral 1 off arc frnm PInlflor in rohite, all . garu to the Terre Haute Club signingyesteraay . !,:, unM0h cfofoo ho ;c in tho imcfafternoon by Patrolmen Thomas and of health, his nhvsieal condition heincrLink and lodged in jail, charged with good 2nd he is anxious for the base!o.sorderly conduct. Thejnergoes, who bali season to open,were employed in the construction of presjdent Bacon has his eye on sever-!the L. & N. yards had received tneir ( a good mep among them being apay and were discharged. They be-1 p,tcher. who gives every promise oftame intoxicated and at the corner of producjng the goods. Walden Landisj-ourteenth and Main engaged m a , is tne name of the twirler, and his!hht with some Claysville negroes , horne is at Burgin. Landis has a finei he arrival of the ohicers put a stop i rn,.nrH .. amat.ir nnH ; anivmKI ..WV MkJ M MAACWWWM Ml W UWUUIWrapped Cakes IThey Sweeten the Disposition o! the Whole Family.A Scientific Combination o!All That's Good.Wrapped in Wax PaperIPackages.So to eliminate all that'sbad. -FlFFOR SALE.:Edison FiresidePhonographs withCygnet Horn $27Plain Horn - $22Easy Payments if Desired.Victor Talking Machines,Kodaks, Photo Supplies.Daugberty BrosNEVERHave we had as large a stock of New Spring Goodsso early in the season. We are showing styles andpatterns that are beautiful in .Foulard Percales,Ginghams,Mercerized foulards,Madras, Lawns,White Goods,Embroideries, .Laces,Muslin Underwear,Shirt Waists. &cCome and select the styles before they arepicked over.IW. Ed. Tucker.iFEESCASH SPECIALSFor Tuesday & WednesdaynSLICED BEEF-Braeley's Brand, one of the best packed,per jar, our price 10cI ASPARAGUS TIPS Best California pack, per can... 15c ftSARDINES Extra fancy Sardines, packed in heavy fS mustard dressing 8 l-3c aOLIVES Extra fancy Queen Olives, packed in quart WA jars, 30c value, our price per quart 24c APEACHES Extra fancy Table' Peaches, packed in heavy mI syrup, 35c value, our price per can 25c 9PTNTCAPPTR CHUNKS The inmorted Hwaiian Brand.packed in extra heavy syrup, per can 10cCATSUP Dyer's Brand, absolutely pure Catsup, containing no artificial coloring or preservative 9cCOFFEE POTS-Extra heavy plated tin Coffee Pots,regular 40c grade, our price 20cI MATCHES-Double-Tip Safety Matches, 3 boxes for.. 10c ftI o, . . II spring uesigns inCarpetsRugslo further hostilities.Look at These Prices.'I he best patent Hour:'& pounds at 65 cents ;V) pounds at $1.30;lOU pounds at $2.55.T. LENIHAN,Both phones 234.Bourbon Kevenue Assignments.Collector T. A. Fields has made ther llowing revenue assignments forliourbon county for the month ot JFebuary. F. P. Thomas. Kiserton; C. L.'kujjh, day; V. W. Cherry, additionalwnn bottling; W. G. Cook, ?auger.KJ. 'G. White Co.. Paris; J. M. Russell, day; Clay Cisco, additional andLottlinir; W. R. Carraway, additional;W. G. Cook, gauger.Julius Kessler & Co., Paris; J. P.Hutchcraft. day ; J. M. Tanner bottl; A. V. Combs and C. U. Portwood,fcuiiitional : R. D. Grant, mealrnomfor a try-out with the BourbonitesHe is 18 years of age, stands six feetand weighs lbO pounds. President j and threeBacon has him under consideratoin and 'it is more than likely that he will givejhim a trial. -Roll top 'desk, dining room chairsables. Apply toE. H. BrtANNON.Turf Exchange Cafe.11 Rcbinson, night; G. Cooki. fchy, gaugers.The Real Article.Now is the ime to sow blue grassseed. We have the genuine Kentuckyseed, tne best in the world for thelawn. Phone us your order.SAUER.Fresh Cheese.Just arrived, imported Swiss,brick, Pimento, Roquefort, Long Hornand cream cheese.T. LENIHAN,Rabneel Building.A Good Play.One that does one trood to see it.Attractions may come and go, but itis seldom that the interest in thingsfOR SALE 50URB0NBLUE GRASS f ARMS.COUNTYand J. j theatrical has been so great as thenouncing oi Liena uivers wnicnannas)night!Fair Dates Selected.'ihe directors of the Montgomeryv ounty Fair Association at their regu-been secured for next Thursday' at the Paris Grand.! The name is not new to jou. as it isthe most popular novel by Mary J. iHolmes and dramatized byMissBeulahlar nieptinir hav lrtfl !hi dates of ! Povnter. The popularity of the hook!Juiy25, 26, 27, 28,, 29, 1911, for the j is phenomenal. Its sales are stupend-jt.me of holding their fair this, year, ous and ten million readers have en-,and are making arrangements to olfer j joyed its pages. Nixon and Company ,a 'arge premium list. It is the inten- will produce.the play in Paris embody-tion of the association to open several ing all the characters, incidents andllaiiTL stkp fnr trnHpra nd nacers ! scenes contained .in the book. The,2nti also other large premiumslfor sad- play has been as popular and successl!U 'in,l I . 1. 'lu.Dl!n.,.J u.;il I f..1 aa tka hnnlr l'h SPPflPTV effort'-- uu umiucss atotK. xucjuuaiu ui, No. 1. Farm of 210 acres, one mileof Paris, on good pike, 7 room, 2 storybrick residence, .gas lighted, large to-, bacco barn, stock barn, outbuildings,j 40 acres plowed, rest in old blue-grasssod.No. 2. 136 acres, 2 miles of Paris.onon good pike, 10-room, 2-story brickI residence, bath room, gas lighted, largej stock and tobacco barn, 16 acres timI ber, virgin soil, and one of Bourbon's1 most beautiful homes.j No 3. 137 acres one mile of Paris,I on good pike, 7-room 2-story brick res) idence, stock and tobacco barns, orchard, most all in blue-grass.No. 4. 190 acres one mile of R. R ,6-room house, 14-acre tobacco barn.orchard.No. 5. 100 acres 3 miles of R. R., ongood pike, new 6-room cottage, stockand tobacco barns, young orchard, mostall in grass.No. 6. SS acres, 4 miles of R. R.,brick cottage, 7-acre tobacco barn.No. 7. 67 acres 4 miles of R. R.,6-room house, stock and tobacco barn.No. 8. .15 acres 4 miles from R. R.,on pike, 7-room 2-story frame house,barn, orchard, well impromed.The above are a few of the manyv e;ery effort to make the ;fair this'ar the best county fair in the state,t the meeting no action was takenHoarding the holding of a trotting'ytingatthe local track, but oneU be l held, probably J following .theJ-txingt n meeting tfais fall.U(JUii Aiiu auit.csa- , jr,.mo t Uavn frtt. c10 nnrl ,1M ..rfii U..0ful as the book, ihe scenery ' effects I to 3ee them to know Ar value. Iand ine cast ,nae uuue n. mo kmuEitalked of Dlay on the road.The prices have been placed withinthe reach of all. Entire lower floor 50cents; Balcony 35 cents; Gallery 25e.-nts. Reserved seats at Mitchell &Blakelrorj'a this morning. .have farms in Clark. Madison. Favette.Scott, Woodford ami Harrison countiesfor sale, and if you are in the marketfor a farm see my list before buying.B F. ADCUCK,Real Estate Dealer,Paris, Ky.28jan-ltILace Curtains,Linoleums, Mattings,Wall PapersAt the Lowest and Most Consistent Price inCentral Kentucky.A Specially Good HandVacuumCleanerTo introduce this cleaner Iwill make a special price ofS7.50tFor Ten DaysFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56., J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. U. Dempsy, Plome 'Phone 286.J. T. HINTON.'r& 'I'lluKvlm.-.ift. 4Jv -fciI:it-JHi; .--I'r' tjllM.jfVU prjitu IWf'" ,T'mimmmmifm&irmmEm. l1 .- i -K vTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTOCKY, JAN. 31, 1911.mftif1' IKI.P-I iv SIh 'Mr-k.,1.mmmmaumtmammt9Westminster ChimesF"-' ugSa3aMp3-1fc-r U1TUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede Hall Clock as a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article cf furniture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alike toutility, refinement, and musical taste. neperfect movement insures correctness of time:the solid oak or mahogany case, vilh classiclines, conforms to good taste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals cf Whitiingtan orWestminster, serve as a pleas:ng reminder oftfje passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoke in design, size, and price, all showing, Ae moon's phases in the dial arch. We aresales agents for The Herschede Hall ClockCo. of this city, and will send illustrated catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can purchase giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Plate,Gold and Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clocks, Etc.,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence solicited.Silversmiths Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Street, East,m Cincinnati, Ohio$75 to $750You Ever Think It Over?That a man can do what is right in any kind of business. Six yearsago, when 1 first came to this city, you had parties in the same line ofmy business that did about ten per cent, of the business; I .am doingto"ay BhmUZ -'sMrggsMiiisy"11! L4' bo You Know the ReasonjWhY?It's because I give one and all ' that ' deals with me asquare, honest deal. I owe my success in business to the fact that Ialways give correct, honest weight and the highest.market price.IF YOU EVER HAVE ANYscrap iron, metals, rubber, rags, hides, tallow, furs, etc., tol offer, seeme before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I willgladly send my wagons ior junK ioany partoi me aij ui wujuj.fMV. w 'MARK TWAIN'S CLOTHES.The Great Humorist Always Had aRslish For Personal Effect.At the time of our first meetingMark Twain was wearing a sealskincoat, with the fur out, in the satisfaction of a caprice or the love ofstrong effect which he was apt to indulge through life. Fields, the publisher, was present.I do not know what droll commentwas in Fields mind with respect tothis garment, but probably he feltthat here was an original who wasnot to be brought to any Bostonianbook in the judgment of his vividqualities. With his crest of dense redhair and the wide sweep of his flaming mustache Clemens was not discordantly clothed in that sealskin coat,which afterward, in spite of his ownwarmth in it, sent the cold chillsthrough me when I once accompaniedit down Broadway, and shared theimmense publicity it won him.Clemens had always a relish for personal effect, which expressed itself inthe white suit of complete serge whichhe wore in his last years and in theOxford gown which he put on forevery possible occasion and said hewould like to wear all the time. Thatwas not vanity in him. but a keen feeling for costume which the severity ofour modern tailoring forbids men,though it flatters women to overy excess in it. W. D. Howells in ITnrper's Magazine.To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most RemarkableDndurance Feat of the Season of 1910.iHIS BLACK EYE.MAX MUNICK,East Tenn. Phtne 374.Eighth St., Paris, K y(22oet-lmo)JHow He Got It and the Worst ThatWas Yet to Come."Gracious! That's a peach of a blackeyo. Where did you get ft?""Got it on the left side of my nose.Where did you think 1 got it -over theankle bone':""Don't get heated. How did it allhappen?""That's different. It was all a piece,of my confounded luck. I was up on,the Blue Cliff road looking at a pieceiof real estate when along came a coatless and bareheaded fellow running,for dear life with a lot of panting pur-,suers stretching in a long line behindhim. I joined in the chase. Beingfresh, I rapidly overhauled the fugitive. I had nearly collared him whena big ruffian grabbed me and profanely told me to clear out. I spoke rudelyto him and kept on running, and hesuddenly reached out a fist like a hamand knocked me into a ditch. Andwhat do you suppose it all was?""Give it up." '"It was a rehearsal for a moving picture film, and now my portrait will goall over the country and be seen Inthousands of theateis as a bruised andbattered butter-In who got just whatwas coming to him!" Cleveland PlainDealer.$A stock car left Quebec, Canada. June 6th, and after an"uninterruted jurney of 4,128 miles,arrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.One of the first of the 1911 models to reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger "Suberban," won a unique distinction by theLongest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom.The motor was started December 2nd, and was run continuously, not even stopping whenthe car was at rest taking on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,974.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had placedthe figures at a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record was 10,872 miles. The run was under theC auspices of the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night. tFlanders Cars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual running expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent, per mile. For sale byBourbon Oarage and Supply Co.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of peodle killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life i9 safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, evenfood. But grand protection is afforded by Electric Bitters, which destroyand expel these deadly disease germsfrom the system. That's why chills,fever and ague, all malarial andmany blood diseases j ield promptlyto this wonderful blood purifier. Trythem, and enjoy the glorious healthand new strength they'll give you.Money back if not satisfied. Only 50cat Oberdorfer's.The Value of Good Manners,Manners must adorn knowledge,aid smooth its way through the world.Like a great rough diamond, it maydo very well In a closet by way ofcuriosity, and also for its intrinsicvalue; but It will never be worn, norshine If it Is not polished. Chesterfield.IRWKMiIB IVm'f Frworaf fliwif ClearanceSale Few Days Longer.Greatest Bargains youeverJieard of in Hamburgs, WhitegoodsT Laces, Percales, Dressgoods,Silks, Cottons and Calicos.Special Bulletin 500 pairs Ladies'white foot hose 8 1 -3c pair.Big bargains in Ladies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts, Coats, Shoes and Millinery.Th Cow Decided.A peasant living iu the tillage ofPredeal. near the Hungarian frontier, 'lost his cow. About iwo months ajrohe happened to be standing at therailroad station watching a train loadof cattle about to bo bent across the !frontier. Suddenly he gave a shout."That's my cow!'' he ciied, runningtoward one of the car4..The trainmen only laughed at him,and he went before the magistrate.This good man listened to the peasant's story patiently. Then he pronounced this judgment: "The cow shallbe taken to the public square of Predeal and milked. Thou if it goes of itsown accoid to the plaintiff's stable itshall belong to him."The order of the curt was carriedout, and the cow, in spite of its toumonths' absence, took -without hesitation the lane which led It a few minutes later into tne peasant's stable.Chicago News.Ends Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,red and rough skins, prove this. Butsuch troubles fly before Bucklen'sArnica Salve. A trial convinces.Greatest healer of burns, boils, piles,cuts, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains.Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.iVkVWiWVViVVWViWkWW.VVO. It. TURNER(Successor to C. R. Turner & Co.)DEALER INGOOD COAL.Now is the time, during the early season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this wiuter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Ynur orders respectfully solicited.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyA Tribute of Affection., Something of the sympathetic kindliness of nature of the late FrederickGreenwood came out in a little speechmade by J. ,M. Barrie on the occasioni of Mr. Greenwood's seventy-fifth birthda y, when the men who had woikedunder him on the St. James' and thePall Mall Gazette met to do him honor.In the couise of his remarks Mr. Barlie confessed that he had bought hisfirst silk hat "to impress" the veteraneditor. Thci. tie added impulsively:"Oh. Greenwood, it i ar kindness to us boys in our silk hatsthat we love you!"Still Going On!Don't Forget theCash Raising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin Bros,Clothing and Shoe DepartmentHarry Simon's Old Stand.Change of Front.The Groom Great heavens, who isthis coming up? The Bride Why,, that is Aunt Maria! The GroomWell, have I got to embrace thpt oldI fairy? The Biide Sh! It was shethat sent us the handsome silver service. She's worth thousands. TheGroom (kissing her rapturously) My, darling aunt! London Answers.Was Too Modest.James K. Hackett, the actor, said ata luncheon in Pittsburg: "An actorEhould be modest, and most actorsare. But I know a yourg actor who,at the beginning of his career, carriedmodesty almost too far. This youngman inserted in all the dramatic papers a want advertisement that read:"Engagement wanted Small art, suchas dead body or outside shouts, preferred.' " ArgonautC. R. TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58.wtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmfmiPractice and Preaching.I "T7,l 1l- 1M'1 n. llAnvm. -m n ., .1 .. IIsaid the Rev. Dr. Fourthly, calling tot his wife in tones of thunder, "comeI and take this squalling baby out oft the loom before she drives me crazy.I'm writing a sermon on 'Bearing OneAnother's Burdens.' " London Tit-Bits.The Great Trouble."It is every woman's duty to keepyoung as long as possible," she said."Yes," he admitted, "but the greattrouble is that so many young womeninsist on keeping young after it is impossible." Chicago Record-Herald.How's This.We oiler One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transaction'? and financially able to carry out any obliga- .tions made bv his firm. fttsfB ZZmmmWALDING. RINNAN & MARS IN,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O. IHall's Catarrh Cure is taken in-1ternally, acting directly upon the 'blood and mucous surfaces of the system. Testimonials sent free. Price I75 cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.SALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-Class3MC OKTUMBKTTSWe are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in every particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and ranite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all onaccount of our enforced removal.14;Wtn. Jldams & Son42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIOBBBHBI!Both PhonesJHe Rallied.First Physician Did he rally fromthe operation? Second PhysicianWell. I should say so; just look at thatblack eye he gave me. Exchange.When you' make one mistake. don'tI make another by trying to hVout of it.1 -T -t? - - v -Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Ubmb Tnut BtuUiaff, Cwcmati, Ok!.Justus Collisy, Pri4nt,Svperiwr Portkad Ceaet Ct.STOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanpialleaMe Range!And Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Koofing, Pumbs, hand-maderiveted Stove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a Trial.King Redmoii.Main Street, Pari, Ky.B BiieNrsMVsasprvgsa,' MIfVs i:--,tTHE: BOyRBON-NEM PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN 31, 191,1.pmfmnfmnwglJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B P.eOfflS OFTHENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALHER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 899.Have You Tried It?There is a bottle of Cardui waiting for you at thedrug store. -Have you tried it?If not, we urge you to do so, before your trouble?have obtained such a hold on you, that nothing will drivethem outEven now, it may be nearly too late. But try it anyhow. If anything can help you, Cardui will. It has helpedin thousands of cases, where other medicines had beentried in vain. Why should it not do the same for you?1 CARDUIJ45The Woman'sTonic"My daughter, Octava, would have been in her gravetoday, had it not been for that fine medicine, Cardui,"writes Mrs. Laura Lawrence, of Drennon Springs, Ky."Nothing I tried helped my daughter, until she hadtaken Cardui. I had sent for the doctor, when I thoughtof your medicine and got a $1 bottle. When she hadtaken 'four doses she became all right I often recommendCardui to my friends."Your druggist sells Cardui with full instructions for useon the bottle.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Mcdidne Co., Chattanooga, Teen.,lot Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Have Yon AnyMantle Troubles?I BLOCK INNERLIN BPATENTED-REGISTERCDrr mantles. Will save & on your mantle cxDente. 1 WU LUMfLtlGAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE, 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covers from 12 BlocVy-tal-ty Mantles the best 10 and 1 5 -cent grade of mantles sold take them to your dealer, (send them to us, and get a Block Innerlin Lined Mantle free. ,-For sue at Hardware. China, Plumbing, Drug. Grocery, and Department Stores. Dealwrite for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue.S3JTHE BLOCK LIGHT CO.,(SoiHtr,.)Youngtown,OhiHeadquarters for Incandescent Mantles, Burners and Supplies of every(description, Gas, Gasoline, Keroi , High Prawure, etc5 L. 6c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT FEB. 2, 1910. AT 11:59 P. M.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Train.s ArriveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 26 amLexington, Ky., Daily 3.23 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.28 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.25 amRowland, &y., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8J2 amCincinnati, O., Dnily 9.40 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.05 amCincinnati, O., Daily.' 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.23 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.29 amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 25 DmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 27 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 pmCincinnati, O., Daily . v 10:40 pmTrains IDe-peirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.33 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 7.35 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday '. 7.35 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.44 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.46 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 amMaysville, K., Daily 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pmI Cincinnati, O., Daily .- 3.35 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday J5.48 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily . 6.32 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6.33 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily) Except Sunday 6.35 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.45 pmLexington, K., Daily .' 10.48 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pmDANGER IN DELAY.Kidney Diseases Are Too Dangerous for Paris Peopleto Neglect.The great danger of kidney troubles is that they get a firm hold before the sufferer recognizes them.Health is gradually undermined.Backache headache, nervousness,lameness, soreness, lumbago, urinary troubles, dropsy, diabetes andBright's disease follow in mercilesssuccession. Don't neglect your kidneys. Help the kidneys with thesafe and reliable remedy, Doan's kidney pills, which has cured peopleright here in this locality.Mrs. A. B. Renaker, Court street,Cynthiana, Ky., says: "Doan's Kidney Pills positively relieved me of abevere attack of a severe attack ofkidney disease from which I had suftered for years. I do not think itnecessary to go into details concerning my case, but I can recommendthis remedy, knowing that it lives upto the claims made for it. I havenot had a recurrence of my formertrouble and it is only with the desireto tell other kidney suiferers ot agood kidney remedy thatI endorseDoan's Kidndy Pills. "For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.MilkWhite Opossum Pelt Sold.A milk-white opossum pelt, the firstever seen on the market a Franklin,Ky., was offered for sale there lastweek by W. B. Saddler, of the Providence district. For years Mr. Saddlerhas bought and sold furs, but according to his statement he had never before seen or heard of of an opossumpelt which was not marked with oneor more black spots.Nature's True Lover.A true lover of Nature will find asmuch enjoyment in seeing the beautiful things in other people's gardensrs if they were in his own.Bank Checks.A young man had kept in his possession for several days a check from hisuncle. Kis uncle died, and he hastened to theban'c to cash the check.When he found the bank would not paythe check until it had orders from theheirs or from the courts he was surprised and observed to his father thathe thought of a check as being somuch money if the signature wasgood. As a matter of fact, however,a check is marely an order from A. toB., who holds some of A. s money topay a certain amount thereof to C. Itis not money, even if the names on thecheck are good and well known ardthe oank is solid as the government.Although checks are given in pavmentof debt and a receipt is usually signeden the spot, yet the passing of a checkdoes not constitute payment of indebtedness until it is paid by the bank.Nor will the concurrent receipting ofthe debt for which it is given cangethis. If the check is not paid onpresentation to the bank the originalclaim stands against the drawer orgiver of the Ccheck. But a certifiedcheck constitutes payment on the partof the person who draws it. Checksmay be antedated or postdated thatis. dated before or after the date ofdelivery. If post dated checks arepaid before the day specified the drawer can recover the money.for the bankhas acted not in accordance with anyorder from him, but on its own responsibility If a blank is left for thedate the holder is authorizde to insertthe true date of delivery but no otherdate. The insertion of any other dateor changing the date without the consent of the drawer .makes the checkvoid.FmLhtr- jRwMlfIt is well to stop a physical ailment at the first signs of its approack,and that is especially true f firortrouble, which can eventually firrise to so many serious complicatiot.Many have liver trouble and imafiaait is indigestion, and hence take tftwrong remedy.When the liver does not store up sufficient gastric juices it becomes slaoaiak.aau in mis way aisiuros the stonaca.ooweis. wiui watch it is supposed toin narmony. Then comes thecomplexion, the pimply face, thepain in the lorehead. the thinalac efthe blood, etc. A. very quick and seaotMeway to stop the trouble as well as tocure it is by the use of Dr. CaldweKSyrup Pepsin, which contains ingredieateespecially intended to promote the activity of the liver.Among the many thousands who harewritten the doctor about the resKsachieved with his remedy, and who arglad to make the facts public so thatothere can help themselves, are Mr Jam.Kennedy, St. Louis, Mo.: Mrs. S. K,La Rue of Smith's Grove. Ky.. and naarothers.These, like thousands of others. startedthe use of Syrup Pepsin with a sample.If you will send your name and addressvou can also obtain a free trial bottle.This will prove to you that livec troubleIs promptly cured with this remedy ormoney will be refunded. Having tried 'It you can thn buy it in the regularway of your drussist at fifty cents" andone dollar a bottle, and the latter iesufficient for, an entire family.This remedy is a vast Improvementover cath-irtfc tablets and salts, whichonly do cood for tho time being. SyrupPepsin is permanent in Its results topleasant to take and does not gripe. ItIs especially frood for all those who caanot stand a violent purgative.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give jou any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining tothe stomach. liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain your case In aletter and he -will reply to you In detail.For the free sample simply send yoHrname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctoiaddress is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.50O Caldwell building. Montlcello, I1LEscaped With His Life."Twenty-one years ago I faced anawful death," writes H. B. Martin,Port Harreison, S. C. "Doctors saidI had consumption and the dreadfulcough 1 had looked like it sureenough. I tried everything I couldhear of for my cough, and was underthe treatment of the best doctor inGeorgetown, S. C, for a year, butget no relief. A friend friend advised me to try Dr. King's New Discovery. I did so, and was completelycured. I feel that I owe m life tothis great throat and lung cure." Itspositively guaranteed for cough,colds and all bronchial afiections. 50cand $1.00. Trial bottle free afe Oberdorfer's. Alienation Suit for $25,H.Emmett Fiatman has filed knit inthe Bath county Circuit Court againsthis father-in-law, Mienry Hopkins, ofSharpsburg, and Mrs. Emma McCoy,of Lexington, jointly, charging alien-'ation of his wife's affections. Mr&.Fratman left her husband severalmonths ago and filed suit for divorce.Mrs. McCoy i an aunt ot Mrs. Fratman. Hopkins and Mrs. McCoy areboth wealthy and all are members ofprominent families. Fratinansues for -$25,000.rAnd There You Are.Art is long, life -hort; judgment difficult, opportunity transient Goethe.Pleads for Preacher.s Parita.Citizens of Washington, Mercer andAnderson counties to the number offifteen last week presented GovernorWillson voluminous petitions for pardon of the Rev. A. C. Pinkston, charged with bigamy.The preacher married at High Bridgein 1892 and after five years separatedfrom his wife. She disappeared andhe, thinking her dead, married MisBertha Crouch, of Washington county.Last year the first wife turned up atLouisville, and by agreement she secured a divorce and the minister wasremarried to his second wife.Thepetition sets out that the prosecution was instituted by members ofhis church, and that it has split thechurch at Battle, Ky.the Bourbon Hews,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftWiWWiUWUWftAIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.15am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.50 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.22 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.10 pmTrains TD&ipsurtcTo. TO1G1 Frankfort"& Louisville, Sunday Only 7.00 am7 Frankfort"& Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.45 amJ3 Fankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday r. ....... v y. . . .5.55 amOld Ticket Office to Be Abandoned.A news dispatch from Covingtonsays:"Passenger representatives of sevenCincinnati railroads which have beenmaintaining a joint city ticket office atthe corner of Fourth.and Scott streets,Covington, held a conference Thursdayin the office of General PassengerAgent W. B. Calloway, of the C. H. &D., and decided that, effective March1, the office, which is one of the landmarks of the Kentucky suburb, shallpass out of existence. The office hasfailed behind the march of modernprogress and was becoming a financialburden. Ticket sales have dwindled toabout one quarter what they were tenyears ago. The office has been in existence for about thirty years."In its day'theoflice was a good revenue producer, but with the introduction of telephones, better street carservice and the fact that a majority ofpassengers from across the river cameto this side to buy tickets and to makePullman reservations, the usefulnessof the office has passed. At first itwas thought advisable to move theoffice to a location nearer the businesscenter r.i uovington, out tne cost ot arTew office ami the expense of fitting itup was found to entail a larger sum ofmoney than any of the roads cared toassume."George M. Abbott has been incharge of the office since it was opened for business. Of late years he hassupervised the work of clerks hired byhimself. When an inventory of theoffice was taken Thursday by the representatives of the roads interestednearly 2,503 ticket forms, many 01them obsolete, were found in the office.Many of the ticket forms have notheen in use for years, and an interesting collection of them will be reservedby each road."The railroads that have maintainedthe offices are the Baltimore & Ohio,Southwestern, Chesapeake & Ohio,LruiVlle & Nashville, Big Four,Queen & Crescent, .Pennsylvania andthe C. U. & D."No Easiest Way.Most men are not geniuses. They,cannot hope to paint great pictures,to write great novels or to inspire millions with strains of noble music. Perhaps they ought to be grateful, forusually the work that is required todevelop talent is ten times that necessary for ordinary commonplace success. The latter is within reach otmost men who are willing to work forit But work they must There Jno easiest way.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, Allison,Ia.,;in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity,In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again."Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Varden&SonLetfus fill yourPrescriptionspure drugs andproxnptservice.Men & Son.Draff!,"Xt.?Jfz...w."J fir ,"l9TTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 31, 1911.liClililIliillllillSlilr-V.5 Wednesday. Thursday, FridayandSaturdaym Free Examination Ilnnitf irnlll flnlll Lflllf mflTQ TlOllO ill Dllli UOfllllQfFree ExaminationIKruDiiivDiy uiiiy rum pro uayo iu uuy aoyuuuf.00 Goid Filed Spectacles 01J aud Eyeglasses for w'Come "Early and Secure the Best Selection of Glasses With or Without Rims.Mijmv i n'g1MKaswmj0fmm3BS ..SBBBBBSBaHBS?" TZTZ" 9yS' 9aIB-HiBtf f't.ftivWe cater to people who are hard to fit. We can duplicate any lens made.We will Sell $3.50 and 5.90 Gold Spectacles and Eyeglasses, with Lenses for $1.00A careful examination of vour eyes will be made and glasses perfectly adjusted by a practical optometrist or reactionist, as your case may require. You may be sure the glasses willbe correct in every way, even though they were bought at the ridiculously low price of $1.00including examination.SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAYLowest Prices For Prescription, Bifocal Lenses and Finger Piece Mountings.OUR PLACE HAS BEEN GR0WDED to the utmost capacity and never in the history of ourbusiness have we met with such success as our $1.00 glasses were last week.BaaMHaaMMiBiHBaBaBBBHaaBaBanHBHBBBBjnMBinBBBiBHKBaNMiiiMBMHaHPatients Having Prescription Work Must Call For Same This Week.Wxa&?&G. S. VARDEN & SON, HyBojmMain Street,Paris, KentuckyGreat Offer to the Farmers.Every farmer in Bourbon countyfeel adeep interest in what's going onin the agricultural world and to keepwell posted on this subject, mustnecessarily come in touch with journals that deal in a great measure inthe topics that are of the greatestinterest to the agriculturist.By a. special arrangement the Bourhrn News has made it possible for thefarmers to secure one of the best farmpapet3 in the South together with theNews, all fcr the subscription priceasked for the latter. .The Kentucky Farmer, published inLoutfisille, is a monthly journal represtntative of and entirely devoted tothe agricultural and live stock interests of Kentucky and in the South.This is one of the greatest offers evern-ocontod to Hip. farmers as the ratetnr hnth nanprs haa neen made remark-,niiv inw. The subscriDtion price of Ithe Bourbon News is $2.00 per yearwhile that of the Kentucky Farmer is75 cents, but in this combinatonwe areenabeld to give both for $2.00 peryear.To all subscribers who renew between now and April 1st as well asnew subscribers, who desire to takeadvantage of this liberal offer, this opportunity is open. Sample copes ofboth papers wll be mailed to any addres upon application to The BourbonNews.Earth Is a Magnet.The earth Is a great magnet, having a North Pole situated In the region of Hudson's Bay, Biitish NorthAmerica, and two South Poles vithintne Antarctic circle.BAN COHEN.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.-18'im REDUCTIONSThis Week on All DiscontinuedShoe Lines.NEGROCONVICTOEAOWill Baker, Who Figured in Millersburg Murder, Succumbsin Frankfort Prison.RECEIVED LIFE SENTENCE.Mother, Who Died Recently Wasa Notorious Character Newsin Millersburg-.iiWe have gone through our stock and selected alldiscontinued lines and broken sizes, all this season'sstyles, in Men's, Women's and Children's Shoes,Which We Will Place on Sale ThisWeek at Great Reductions.This Sale includes a big lot of high-grade Ladies' TanShoes at Cut Prices.Will Baker, colored, better knownas "Huggy," died last week in theFrankfort penitentiary, where he wasserving a life sentence for murder,the news of which was received hereyesterday. For more than a year hehad been in failing health.The death of baker recalls the incidents in connection with the foulestcrime ever committed in the vicinity ioi Miiiersourg, and for which the negro was serving a sentence in the penitentiary. Several years .'ago a man by thename of Willaim Burden, was found onthe veranda at the home of Mr. SilasCleaver, a short distance from Millersburg, in an unconscious condition. andsuffering from the eifects of a blow onthe head with a blunt instrument. Theman diedwithout regaining consciousness.UDOn the investi en linn ctf thnauthorities it was found that Burdenwas first attacked while near the farmof Mr. Henry Patterson, hnt hnw hpcame to be on the porch of the Cleavernome was never determined. Robberywas evidently the motive as Burdenhad been seen in Millersburgjthe afternoon preceding the murder, and wasknown to have on his person a considerable sum of money.working upon tnis theory evidenceof Cynthiana, spent Saturday and Sun'day with the latter's parents, Mr. andMrs. Henry Sheeler.Miss Maud Keir, of Carlisle, wasthe guest of her cousin. Miss HazelKerr, from Saturday till Monday.Mr. E. M. Woolfolk. of Ashland,Va.. arrived Saturday as the Jguest ofhis brother-in-law, Mr. U. S. G. Pepper. Mr. 1!. A. Neal and Miss Fva Henderson, the latter of M. F. C, wereguests Sunday of fcMrs. Williams, atLittle Hock.There will"be iniatory work Tin HalSlock Lodge." I. O. O. F.. Thursdaynight. All members are urged to bepresent.Vulcan plows are the best. Nonebetter for plowing up tobacco plants.Will completely destroy.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mr. Amos Case is building a residence in Judyville. This makes thethird residence under construction, oneof which has been completed.The protracted meeting at the Presbyterian church ?began Monday evening. Rev. R. S. Sanders is assistedby Rev. Cummin, of Winchester.Further announcements will be madelater.During the next thirty days we willsell all queensware and cut glass atrgeatly reduced prioes. Call earlywhile you have the best assortment toselect from.20 3t LOUIS VIMONT.Mrs. Albert Hinton, of Paris, wasthe guest of her uncle, Mr. J. J. Peedand family Saturday. She was accompanied home by her sister, Miss MaryPeed, who has been the guest of thefamily f jr the past week.I Mr. I. F. Chanslor was at the bedside of his son, Mr. I F. Chanslor.Jr., at Maysville, Sunday and Mon-. day. Mr. Chanslor underwent an upe-I ration Friday on one of his lungs. Heis now ill with pneumonia and is ascomfortable a& can be expected thoughState Organization Effected.fl The organization of the Grand Tribunal of the Knights of Pythias of Kentucky was effected Satuiday afternoonwhen the members and Giand Chance1lor R. L. Slade, Grand Keeper ofRecords and Seal J. W. Carter andother prominent Pythian officers metat the Pythian home on the Harrod3burg pike, near Lexington, to perfectthe organization and attend to anybusiness that misrht be necessary.Mr. John J. Hume, of Carrolltonwas elected Chief Tribune and Mr.Aubrey Barbour, of Newport, and MrGeorge S. Wilson, of Sturgis, Ky., arethe Associate Tribunes.The party took lunch at the PythianHome and then went into business suasion. The resignation of Mr. J. L.Earlywine, of Paris, as a member ofthe Tribunal, was accepted and GrandChancellor R. L. Slade immediatelyappointed Mr. George S. Wiilson. ofSturgis, to succeed Mr. Earlywine,who resigned because he wa3 unableto give his attention to Pythian business on account of the press of privatebusiness.After the election of Mr. Hume asChief Tribune, Mi. Wade Sheltman, ofLouisville, was re-elected Recorder.Then He Goes Some.When the patient man is onearoused he makes up for lost tine.Help Themselves.It is the poor who help tha poor.-Edwin Pugh.What Goats Eat.A goat eats only one-eighth as muckas a cow. but gives more than thatpioportion of milk.Ienough was secured by the Authorities his condition is regarded as critical.lv uiipucaie ouHur ana win iiiartce, ayoung white man. They were arrest- The Bourbon News is offering flated and taken to Paris where they were I treing inducements from now until thelodged in jail. Both men were indict-! first of March jto the readers. This isa oyicuum uppunurmy to get yourcounty paper in connection with something else at exceedingly low rates.Don't fail to read the following : TheKentucky Farmer and Bourbon Newsone year for $2.00; The daily CourierJournal, except Sunday, four months,and the Bourbon News one year for$2.25: the daily Courier Journal, except Sunday, eight months, tnd Bour-non News one year 53.00. Leaveed and tried in Ithe Bourbon CircuitCout. Clarke was acquitted butBaker was sentenced to serve a lifeterm in the penitentiary. Baker wasthe oldest son of Sarah Hook, a notorious negress of Millersburg, who diedlast summer, and who gained quite arhepotation as a "blind-tiger" operacor. The remains of Baker were buried in Frynkfort.DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNm. , . . j. j oon ewa one year 2j.uu. L.eave yourThe cadets gave an impromptu dance 'orders with '24 8t R. M. CALDWELL. Agent.Aat M. M. I. Saturday night.Mr. S. B. Letton left Sunday forLexington seeking a position.Messrs. J. J. Peed and E. W. Woolfolk spent Monday in Lexington.Mrs. S. B. Turner returned Saturdayafter abrief visit to friends inParisMr. J. M. Mason visited triends nearMaysville from Saturday till Monday.Miss Maria Smith left Friday for a Iweek's visit to Miss Hazel Duvall inParis.7Mr7c7w7THoward, of Lexington,was here yestreday, the guestof oldfriends, a..,... i ....cMesdamea 'Annie Jtfferson and O.M. Johnson visited ..relatives in Paris Iii riday.MisslEthel Johnson wan Hip crnpct- nfhoc OMicin rTiuc TTVIJfk ftf.ro II i'n Dnvlc iFriday and Saturday. mimMr. Wm. 'Ardery and f family have)moved to Cvnthianawhere thev willj reside in the future. I 2 , .z.-TFOR SALE Forty tons of Cloverhay-m PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. L. B. Carpenter, of Versailles,was the guest lastjweek of her daughter, Mrs. J..H. Williamson.Mr. and Mrs. U. S. G. Pepper '"attended the funeral of Mrs.Lottie Peddicord, in Paris yesterday.MisTCaToliHeTMcIntyre left- Mondayfor a few days' visit to her aunt, Mrs.CW. Howard, at Lexington.Mss Louise Warford, of CampbellUa rerman Co! leg?, Lexington, was athome Saturdty and Sunday. A zzz, ..Mr. and Mrs. Co.'nmadore Virions!!Celluloid Is Popular.Whito celluloid collars, shirt trontaand cuffs sell well in Manchester.England.MikWhite Opossum Pelt SId.A milk-white opossum pelt, the firstever seen on the market a Franklin,Ky., was offered for sale there lastweek by W. B. Saddler, of the Providence district. For years Mr. Saddlerhas bought and sold furs, but according to his statement he had never before seen or heard of of an opossumpelt which was not marked with oneor more black spots.rT7""TT"-noaldwm racking L,o., i"The Model Packing Plant," IRespectfully solicits your"! Datronaae.AH pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be f onnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all i first-class grocers -Iand'dealers. mBaldwinPackingOo. I'hiIParis, Kentucky.If-v