THE BOURBON NEWS.3. ; ..It tPUBLISHED EVERT TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1911STORY OF A BASBIIiemi-weeKly66WE KNOWHOW55 iImmSMONLwmm5ftxIPmrDep't Store,Thursday -, Nov. 23,Ladies' Fleece-Linen Hose,20c Quality, at Half-Price,1 Oc per pair.Sale from 9 to a. m. to 5 p.m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE All our Suits, Coats, Skirts, Dressesand Millinery at greatly reduced prices.SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis, KentuckyJs.--fNow Is The Time to ILay in Your Win-1ter Supply of Gro-1ceries. Iw 14 lbs. Granulated Sugarh'f 9 Bars Lenox SoapFull qt. can Karo Syrup .tt 3 Boxes Argo StanchPicnic Hams, per lbjjfo Pure Hog Lard, per lb L.1-y?'..$1.00 w25c as10c t10c Hi11r: " :i2c m)Good Cooking Apples 20c pk. or $1.75 bbl.gal. best Coal Oii.45cUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75T. O. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,That Begins Back East and Endsfiere Generous Uncle BillGives Timely Advice toHis Newly MarriedNiece."By the way," said Unrle Bill,"bless me if there ain't one thing wehave all clean forgotten." "What'sthat," asked Hettie and Harry in unison. "Why none of us had thoughtabout fuel yet and it will be up hillbusiness cooking and keeping warmwithout fuel, but," continued UncleBill in the same sentence, "we willfix that very soon with my friends,Yerkes & Prichard, Paris' best knownand most active coal and fuel dealers,who have been serving the peoplefaithfully for many years at theircommodious yards. The big bins neverrun low except in case of a famint,which are filled with clean, merchantable first quality soft and antharcitecoal all the time, comprising varietyand quantity adequate to meet the demands of a long list of partons whodepend on Yerkes & Pricha"rd year inand year out, knowing that an order(placed with this firm means Jull meas-.ure and prompt delivery, at line andbest line prices." Hence the youngpeople are the newest customers listed. "I tell you this is a keen morning,"said Uncle Bill to the happy pair asthey emerged from their buudoir inresponse to the second ringing of thebreakfast bell. "Yes," respondedboth and afterv breakfast we'll godown to January & ConnelJ's and get ahot blast heater. This is the samefirm that sold us our nice Miller Rangelast week, of which January & Connellhave placed over 400 in this and adjoining counties and they also put theroof on our new house and they areargeeable people to deal with too.January & Connell are in fact thelargest and oldest established tinnersi and roofing contractors anywhere inA' this neck of the woods. At their wellyt G4-t..A hU , 4-1..,.. ,ubicu auuya nuu wait; iuuiiib Liicy cmploy only skilled artisians and do everycharacter of sheet metal work, tinningand roofing in all its branches and nofirm in Kentucky enjoys a better namefor straightforward business methodsor for promptness in all contracts entrusted into their hands,(Continued On Page 3)asOVERCOATSOvercoat Time Is Here And AsThey say on Wall Street, "We Are Iong on Coatsat a Short Price." $10, $12.50 and $15 will buyan All-Wool .Overcoat cut 52 and 24 inches long, $made with the Verto Collar, Single or DoubleBreasted, Belted Backs or Plain, cut good and full,just the kind that you want when the cold blast ofWinter begins to blow. These coats we are making leaders of, and if you will stop in our store andtry a few of these coats on you will be convincedof our statement. Our personal guarantee withevery coat sold. Take a look at the window andnotice a few of the patterns which we are showingin this strong line of Overcoats.Stetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, GuaranteedlPatentLeather Shoes for Men. Look us up.Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyVf f f 3LS3 IKLHiiiininniiiiumniiiiuiiiiiinnniniiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiuiiiiiniiiuininHiiiiiiiiiiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimTurkeys.Wednesday, November 22, is the lastday on which we will receive turkeysfor Thanksgiving market.C. S. BRENT & BRO.&'mmi'''&?www1 -Issr:mwc'?)S7V-1 Srtfs?sttssmsf-'mSmmSmSmmimmmmimMmmmmmmMTzm&msnm&mmwm&mmrizmww&wmmiIPi Fine Portraits.Through the courtesy of Mr. Spengle,the well known Lexington photographer, referring to me the representativesof a well known artist, enables me tooffer to the people of Paris and bourbon county the same grade of highclasswork Mr. Spengle is selling tohis best patrons. Mr. and Mrs. Clarkand Mr. Hurley will call at the homesdisplay work and take orders and bellcontracts, as this work is sold only bythis method. This work is made "tfromthe miniature to the large size porjtrait. Only a limited number will besold at this 'time. This line of portraits is guaranteed and sold by theleading city photographers.NORMANS'STUDIO.FRANK&vSs'CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns."?v&5Boys' Overcoats!afe&mmmTop Overcoats in all Shades, 4 to 10 yr. old,$3.50 to $6Long Overcoats in the Latest fabrics andand Colors, 6 to 1 2 yr. old,$2 to $7.50iS''m?mmillIPmmWe Have Everything in Men's Underwear,Fall Weights, Heavy Weights andRoyal Plush,$1 to $4 a Suit33BtraxstHI4st.:XCarroll Will Be Nominated.Judge John D.- Carroll will today bedeclared the Democratic nominee forJudge of the Corut of Appeals fromthe Fifth Appellate District. Thecommittee will meet at the PhoenixHi tel at noon today and at a meetingon A ugust 23 a primary was called forNovember 21 but there being no othercandidate to oppose Judge Carroll thecommittee will resolve itself into acrnvention and will nominate him.Mr. C. C. Clark, ot North Middletown,the rr ember of the committee fromBoutbon, will attend the meeting.Reduced Pricesron-Suits, Cloaksand Skirts'NSraw1SGIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.CfothiersmmPolice Chief Accidentally Shot.The accidental discharge of his re-vulv r which he was examining beforet gow t en duy inflicted a pamiul woundir r right Ipg of Chief of Police J.'i. T.l'iin Saturday evening at his inme', on (. )-vent Heightsi (if Elgin had finished his supperi hp was making preparations to leave! tc t ! ouse to go on duty and as was his(ru n was making an examination of igI hi evolver. He had on his gloves 5J!'ifti vis mailing an enori to raise meIvf . M-r when his finger slipped offhe weapon was dicsharged.bullet took effect in his leg be-causing asicians werey summoned, and his injuries av iressed by Drs. Uaugherty,J i5 and Evans. Chief Elgin suffer-f1 ' i t siderable nam from 2the wound.S; jIvt-.M-r when his finger sI ' '' ne weaPori was dicsharjibk-K, r bullet took effect in hP 'tiv l the knee and ankleJ T!t" ri! Apab wound. Physic;A-X ' u" y summoned and hiK&tv.Z&t::-at&itiy.&$&'"isFrank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckySiniJitHHimtmi iiTinmrn t:iinninnwniuuiiiiiiininumninuHinimniiiuxuLi HuuiiinnnnmiunjiiunnjiiiniiHi1Jftts reported to be getting a4ongy new.sapxsm&.? jer jpg Wt5A XtM fM If M?Vr ; Vr -ir flVf tfc9 nV . A. . --?&wwwTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 21 1911ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Despair and DespondencyNo one but a woman can- tell the story of the suffering, thedespair, and the despondency endured by women who carrya daily burden of iH-health and pain because of disorders andderangements of the delicate and important organs that aredistinctly feminine. The tortures so bravely endured completely upset the nerves if long continued.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is a positive cure forweakness and disease of the feminine organism.will not be yours unless youhave a parlor." stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterJ) eat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.SWIFT CHAMP. - - , Editor and OwmerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.IT MAKES WEAK WOHEN STRONG,SICK WOMEN WELL.It allays inflammation, heals ulceration and soothes pain.It tones and builds up the nerves. It fits for wifehoodand motherhood. Honest medicine dealers sell it, andViotr. rrnhlrtfi tn nrCf nnon vnu AS lUSt 3S OOd.'Established in 186130 -Years of Continuous Publication"FllQrVloTT Q I TTQf 1 0 ft tv Ar n &"t ff t. t ...jr ..uyDmouw, sx.uu per men ror nrsttime; 50 cents per meneach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue :reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue: cards of thanksrnails on nanninntp.fl ann niTrnla-p mof4-nM m j i '..w ..... 0 .. 0- -, J". - -It is non-secret, non-alcoholic and has a record of forty years oi cures.Ask Your Neighbors. They probably know of some of its many cures.If you want a book that tells all about woman's diseases, and how to curethem at home, send 21 one-cent stamps to Dr. Pierce to pay cost of mailingonly, and he will send you a free copy of his great thousand-page illustratedCommon Sense Medical Adviser revised, up-to date edition, in paper covers.In handsome cloth-binding. 31 stamps. Address Dr. R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.auuoi, iu uauLH pur une.Special rates for big advertisements.Pu bush ed Every Tuesday and Friday.LOWRY & TALBOTT3?a,ris KZerLtu.o3sL"yONE YEAR,$2.00 SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00tj-it.fc.. .-i'r.-5-5? v&s,??, LfafaourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.fafafafamfafafafafaourbonParis, Kentucky."r....sj.sjr.sar1sry wp ttl'WrTJ -yr,' wm s1 jmp .' w"l- - " " -W - -.- Vtt;ft 'Roofs putnew today. ForMILLS H & BEST,a.-.i 7jjji,: -.gajaRajfYOU(tir iH ii .vr .. ..--Z0Zs"lV&smBloodinei - f llEPi3 'We' Know! Khe greatest remedy! jJM4; J ' IN THE WORLD frjflV " ' I W CrVESNEW LIF6AND jI STRENGTH TO ELDERLY Iil i 3 1 People, delicate women. I JBfcI '? 1 AND TENDER BOYS AND I ff fL VJrp- . I CK1&. j- ' Sa F 1 fi' L fv " 1 f a v ; "1l W i a .' Sr - -" iK '"' M BmOmvS ox U im ebtluM ,, fe. '4' Boiaa(ICIONY,UVBCwiBLAO I 0k- H DBtDSCAIEi CATARRH. W I f7- S ASTHHA. RHEUHATBH. . Ill 1L - Bm COUT. LACRlPPt CON., , Wf?,; ft SUMPTION. DYSTCPSA. f H .MM C0NSTH'ATI0N.HARTij!l ,1 DSCASt MALARIA.. Alii. A' ftn NStVOUI DEBIUTY. Jl',!Mtfi I Hk tT VITUS DANCErfK. fBllH I ' 141 i Kb -k ;i. Im rW THE BLOCMMNE CO, 8 JIII? nw- 2ysr-s mtt6 IT- i NEW YMHC . ecwiwX y I I lCi& !!?. Ml ia&aM aAAff Mk w Fi &, V Ana ; i v f f -yw wt4HM . 1X11llrr f I 7If gi rBBMMii ,ii tfrt w' ffr SffiyHT 1 SiMjT lir ni tt&iLaundryfaA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed- Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.wsmiiffLaundry,Www3dNever need repairsInexpensive Stormproofwill last as long as the building.on over twenty years 2go are as good asfurther detailed information apply toMiilersburg, Kentucky..agxr3faav y-aiti.!f rcw.va u ja ... rfrrv..wariBy.aw'Br-BLOODINKWiUHelpYdttTo Regain Your Strength" and Energyw"Report of the He&d Physician faa Loading New York Pospita.!on the Cure of Catarrh '"A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured tenpercent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curemore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the BladderandTJretha, Catarrh of the large intestines. Catarrh of the !Larvnx. PelviciCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andCatarrh of the Stomach are auicklvcured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ofthe body 'attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden pain'temporarily, but give no permanent. relief or cure the cause of your disease.; "Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedyknown to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body.' FREE . To prove the wonderfulmerits of BLOODINE we will mail alarge sample bottle for 10 cents ia Bitver or stamps for postage.Address, The Bloodine Cokpobation, Boston, Mass.W. T. Brook;, Agent.ttfil" -rc " Htf , -? in . iffWAnother Shell Game.4It is declared in Washington political circles that the Republicans aregoing to try to sidetrack the "tariffandjnereased cost of living" issue inthe next campaign, and make theparty's big appeal for support on thecurrency question. Republican leaders in both branches of Cungress areat work on speeches the import ofwhich will be that "the business interests will suffer'as long as the currencysystem remains as it -now is." Themodified Aldrich plan on which the Republicans intend to go before thecountry provides for a $500,000,000"National Reserve Association,"which prasticaly amounts to a centralgovernment bank.This reserve association will havepower on issue emergency currency,and to practically dictate the bankingpolicy of the country, and ;to controlthe credit of the business world avast power.Democrats ' in Congress have frequently pointed out the "danger of allowing the money power to becomeany more centered than it already is,and many students of finance 'contendthat the proposed reserve associationwould be little more than a moneytrust, whose controlinsg factor wouldvery likely be the same group of menwho now dominate Wall street and theRepublican party.A NonPartsiau Pluaderbund.The American Protective TariffLeague has adopted the followingresolutions: "Resolved, that westrongly recommend that our membersand connections viork and vote for thedefeat of any candidate who is not aprotectionist, and work and vote forthe election of all candidates of whatsoever party who are protectionists."Here we have the plan of the plunderbund. There is no partisianship inthe American Protective TariffLeague. While it ordinariy workswith the Republilcan psrty it standsready to belt any Republican who isnot willing to take his orders from thptariff barons; It will render assistanceto any Democrat who is willing to betray his constituents into the hands ofthe tax eaters. How long will it takethe consumers to learn the real character of the man who makes his moneyout of a protective tariff. Hovv 'longcan the consumer be misled by the appeal to his partiotism when the protectionist has no thought beyond theamount of money that he can squeezefrom the public through the operationof law.It is high time that the farmers,mechanics, merchants and the generalpublic get together and resolve to oppose protectionists and to favor thosewho are pledged to a reduction of theextortionate tariff rates.Insure with W. O. fiinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfAvoid Parading Troubles."Expectln' a' man to find satlsfac-on in hearin about yob. troubles,"a.id Uncle Eben, "gives bim creditoh havhY a purty pore disposition."Tobacco Trust Still a Trust.In the opinion of many students oftl e trust question the tobacco trust isthe victor. That is the real meaningthey give the approval by the UnitedStates Ciicuit Court of New York ofthe tobacco trust's reorganization plan.The tobacco trust is to remain. Competition is not restored. The stockownership is net divided. The actualactivities of manufacture and distribution are not even placed under different supervisions. The circuit courtpolitely declines the responsibility ofmaking an order which shall make thebusiness of the tobacco trust fulfillthe Supieme Court's interpretation ofthe Sherman law. Discussing thepossibility of ordering a receivershipand the sale of the tobacco trust properties, the lower court says it couldnot prevent the , present owners frombidding in the property, if they were soinclined. In other words the tobaccotiust is not ""busted." Indeed, it isscare ly scratched.&A Great Fight.The Democrats and Progressive Republicans made a great fight in NewMexico. While they failed to carrythe state legislature because of thegerrymandering of the state, theysuiprised their friends outside by whatthey did accomplish and proved thatNew Mexico is fighting ground. TheDemocrat in the Legislature shouldbegin at once to insist upon tne ratification of the income tax amendmentto thp constitution. That ought to bethe first act passed by the legislature,aid the second ought to be the submission of the initiative and referenudum.These two acts will make a good beginning for the new state.What the People Pay.The people of the United States 'paya sbuidy in artificially high prices tothe wool industry of at least $104,000,000 a year according to the calculations of Hon. Oscar W. Underwood, ofAlabama, chairman of the LWays andMeans committee of the House ofRperesentatives. ."The Payne-Aldrich tax of 61 centsper yard to say nothing of any increaseix tax as it passes to the joDber, makesnot less than $104,000,000 paid eachyear to subsidize the wool industry ofAmreica," says Mr. Underwood."Now, the entire actual duties paidthe United States on ,'all imports ofwoolens and worsteds in 1910, amounted to less than $15,500,000, whichmeans that of the $104,000,000 extorted from the consumers cf woolensnearly $90,000,000 went to the woolinterests."Is it fair or just or right to maintain these enormous taxds unduly thefoster the buisness of less than onefourth of one per cent of the peopleand to require ninety-nine and three1fourths par cent to stagger under thisenormous burden. I for one do not belieye the American people will justifythe President in his veto of the woolschedule."At Cost lor Cash.l'.eginning on November 15 cur entire stock of millinery will'be sold forca3h for the next seventeen days, oruntil December 1 at cost and below.In order to get the cash we will makethis sacrifice on all trimmed hats, pattern hat, ribbons, trimmings, tec.We have a good line of $6 and $7 hatsthat we will sell at $3.50.This is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinery, as this advertisement is not made to fool the publicbut to impress them that we are willing to sacrifice our stock to turn it into cash at once.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Only a Few.There are only two or three girlsjeautiful enough to be slouchy. AtMson Globe.No Hope."Well, how are you getting on withyour admirer, Alice?" "Oh, I havegiven up all hope now. We got stuckin an elevator for three hours yesterday and even that didn't make himpropose."A FI OFFER.Your Money Back If You're NotSatisfied.We pay for all the medicine usedduring the trial, if our remedy failsto relieve you of constipation. Wetake all the riskM You are not obligated to us in any way whatever, if youaccept our offer. That's a mightybroad statement, but we mean everyword of it. Could anything be morefair for you.A most scientific, common sensetreatment is Rexall Orderlies, whichare eatsn like candy. Their activeprinciple is a recent scientific discovery that is odorless.colorless and tasteless, very pronounced yet gentle andpleasant in action, and particularlyagreeable in every way. They do notcause -diarrhoea, nausea, flatulence,griping or any inconvenience whatever.Rexall Orderlies are particularly goodfor children, aged and delicate persona.If you suffer from chronic or habitual constipation, or associate or dependent chronic ailments, we urge you totry Rexall Orderlies at our risk. Remember you can get them in Parisonly at our store. 12 tablets 10 cents,36 tablets 25 cents, 80 teblets 50 cents.Sold only at our store The RexallStore. G. S. Varden & Son.(GEO. W.ERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBilMER.BO'IH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.!&S2SSBS&SemmslsS3mieg&3SH22SXSThe Best is noneBuyp. iidj?BSPPB?Pl kt2b TBBrand make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Q&jfcQ&3Xfeg,S;rfeSS5& 22East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North sMiddletown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service ou.HAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WHiIjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jSSa( nuuio J-ou.E. T. 384.ResidenceHome 334.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up StairsOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestDR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,OfflcesRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdATMSHot and cold baths.Everything neatand clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.. A. KAHAL.Bloodine E. A. Cross, 516 GlasgowCiiv-Pua Street. Portsmouth, Va.u Says: "My WifeKheumatism Has used Bloodine forRheumatism with the mostgratifying: results, after many other remedieshave failed to do heranyjrood. she finds it eives!her strength and a good appetite. I have used It"j uik4 uui at uaj ttuue UiC a. 1UI Ul &UUUW. T. Brooks, Agent.DAVIStoo good for you.Fruit asd Shade Trees.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhabarb, Peonies,Roses, Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. b HILLENMEYER & SONS,3 oct 2m Lexnigton, KyFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.mrs. Elizabeth c. Rogers.fik IrferW 6i?gfi!sfia ElWEBSTER'SNEWTHE MERRIAM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in a.single book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page.400,000 Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this mostremarkable single volume."Write for sample Hpages, full particulars, etc.Name thispaper andwe willaend free ila set ofPocketMapsG.&C.&mCe.Springfield, Mass.KII r ma r jTrjr w- :. .,J K3flHJ 2SrlJm m'Bv a ,raiTDmwfsssssssmmk 1 HBlfe toAhy'wpl'JLt. f$L,u&i'w&e. JtoA1EUI1TISA110 HiCurzdby the Marvel" of theCnniitru R R R Tsrfpc farv.cui7, . . . . w. ..30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpare botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S tmrD i:nt free by writing Blood.. n o Atlanta, Ga. Describeyyj.i crcuo'e nd free medical advicegicn. -'Zift Ly Varden & Son.h Bloodine Cures Strains, Bruis-Rheumatic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atie pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors. FrostI Bites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,iLoarseness. zoc ana 50c a bottle.W. T. Brooks, Agent.THE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies' and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.GBloodineLoosens the phlegmimmediately and permanently, cures a( CoughCheckerCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen. Gaffney.S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Cement For Sale.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & WF'G. CO.BLOODPL to F 8 ISJr i (Lm ! '-rf? 1 i? r 1 3 iCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for I30 years.Drives out bloodpoison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT F R E ti.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood i aim.) All s mpthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy dondition, healing every sore and shopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, $1 per large bottle, with directions for houie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Announcement4I have located in Paris for the purpose of .conducting a generalContra ctingandjBuilding Business, jIbeen a buildsr for the past!i I havetwentyvpirs and pan hnrlP, vnur WOUDie, urop mtu uui owe i "yeare, anu cui tidnuie your ..., o,i; wo. .mm mm-nntop vou1) Hidings, large or small". I will besrlad to furnish you estimates on short'i.r- Tha hoof f vararinnca .,-notice.X I1C WW v- c x c. fcUlnished.Cll on meat roranumiHotel, or call up'Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERSTORY OT A BASliPUL MAN AND ADEMURE MAIDEN,nw fm T3o0 1UUUIIJIUCU UVUi lOgC X)"Well, the next question on the dock"et," ventured Uncle Bill to Hettie,"is to arrange about supplies for thelarder. It is the housewife sequel tomaintaining the good graces of themen folks. Now for select table groceries and provisions and toothsometable delicacies and imported fruitsand vegetables of every kind. I'll escort you to C. P. Cook & Co., conducting a well appointed and completelystocked fancy grocery, where there isalways shown a varied assortment ofthe most tempting good things to eatin town. His patrons come from everynook and corner hereabouts and presumaoly for a reason. Perhaps it isbecause they appreciate the superiorand correct ways that characterize thebusiness dealings of C. P. Cook, ourwide awake and well versed grocer andpurveyor cf tht larder, where there isa large and varied stock from whichto select at all times, "said Uncle Bill"Next I want you to recommend agood market," said Hettie to UncleBill. "One that I can depend upon allthe time." "Well for good meats, honest weights, and a nice all aroundplace to trade," advised Uncle Bill,simling good naturedly, "it's AlbertAnthon's market you want to tradewith. There you will find every dayin the week the choicest and bestfresh and cured meats that money, exparience and vigilant effort can obtain.The best and fattest cattle, veal andlambs arebought on the roof and arecarefullygslaughtered and dressed byskilled help with a view to meeting inevery particular, the demands of thelong list of exacting partons. AlbertAnthon is equipped with ample coldstorage facilities and maintains a gooddelivery service. And considering allin all the nasis upon which this marketi3 catering to the public, it is admirable in every way, and fully mreitsthe run of business accorded it, andthe good name that so many give it ,"said Uncle Bill assuringly."Oh yes, Uncle you were to take usfor a drive," said Hettie. "Yes, yes,so I was and I will keep my wordtoo," said Uncle Bill. Just then apair of spirited steeds drawing a substantial and attractive trap, with finetrappings apparent, drew up in frontof the home. "This rig came from J.U. Boardman, our best equippedstables here," continued Uncle Bill."It is truly a commodious and wellordered livery stable in every particular where are kent good vehicles forall uses, and good horses .too, including some 'high steppers,' lcout at areasonable price and it is this .kind ofbusiness effort that has. brought thispopular barn under the managementof J. U. Boardman into good standingwith the public and made it deservingof good will and patronage of which itis the recipient," added Uncle Bill.At this juncture Harry complainedof the saw edges on his collar. "Oh,yes, Uncle, I want you to recommenda reliable laundrj," said Hettie."Harry is positively cranky about hislinens.""All right," said Uncle Bill as helaughed heartily, "if you will call upor send it to the Bourbon Steam Laun-Ul 'uu "ecu nave xju luiiuci ajt.nenslon Ifc has Deen doirjs my wotkfor a lone: time, and I find it the bestand promptest laundry in these parts.The busy delivery wagons are seencnalinrv nnrnoro ah Hnnhlp nilink taitalj ovei. tne town every day, gatheringup or delivering its work faultlesslylaundered to a world of customers.Besides Davis & Funk, the proprietors,and their corps of assistants, are everuropmt, alert and pleasant in managiig the buisness affairs,' whether it isf jr the local or out of.town custcmars,that are reached by agencies at alltributary points."(Continued on Page 4)Saved Child From Death."After our child had suffered fromsevere bronchial trouble for a year,"wrote G-. T. Richardson, of Richardsen's Mills, Ala., "we leared it hadconsumption. It had a bad coughall the time. We tried many remedies without avail, and doctors' medicines seemed as useless. Finally wetried Dr- King's New Discovery, andwe ars pleased to Fay that one bottleeffected a complete cure, and he isagain strong and healthy.'' Forcoughs, colds, hoarseness, lagrippe,asthma, croup and sore lungs it's themost infallible remed that's made.Price 50c and $i. Trial bottle free.Guarauteed by Oberdorfer.YCUH BRMISTSTGrS THAT 1T0HIf you are suffering from Eczema,Psoriasis or any other kind of skinI to .slop that itch in two seconds. .A25c trial bottle will prove it."TOehave sold other remedies lor. a t.t K4 mi-.-' Vir4- TTTil Mlll7ommnni mnm Tiiffciv th.in the wellknown compound of Oil of wintergreen, Thymol and a few other ingredients that have wrought such wonderful cures all over the country.This compound, known as. D. D. D.Prescription, will cool and heal thei itchy, burning skin as nothing elsecan. uet a regular coitie iuiu sm, uu.our no-pay oilerTHE BOURBON EWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV, 21, 1911.flOFMIlIPUNT STAND FOR A WINDOWOne That' Can Be Moved Easily Is Always In Demand Can Be Constructed by Kandy Person.A plant stand that can be movedeasily is always in demand by whoever grows flowers. The accompanying design can be constructed by anyone handy with tools. It should bemade in a substantial manner, torA Homemade Plant Stand.when weighted down with pots It willbe subject to considerable strain whenmoved, and a flimsy trameworkwould soon come apart and the standcollapse, plants and all.Of course, such a stand .can bemade of any size to fit the window,writes Sylvanus Van Aken in theOrange-Judd Farmer. When one desires to make the room more attractive for a party it may bewheeled away and placed againsttho wall. thfi fihplvPH faoinsrthe room. It. will thus provide a bankof plants and flowers. Its portabilityIs also a great advantage on coldnights, since it saves the labor of moving pots one by one, as is necessarywhere stationary plants or tableswithout casters are used. 'f"&- -In summer, when plants go out ofdoors, it may be set against the sideof the house in a sheltered place, andit will be as useful as indoors.The design Illustrated herewith istwo feet high, two feet from tront toback, and three feet long at the back.The shelves are each eight incheswide and three inches deep. The topone is three feet long, the middle twoand one-half feet long and the bottomtwo feet long. These shelves shouldbe covered with a couple of inches ofsand, in which the pots are to beplunged. If this sand is kept moist itwill prevent unusual drying of thesoil in the pots. The whole framework should be mounted on casters,preferably of iron, and braces shouldbe placed at the back and across thebottom, as shown in the drawing.CAUSE OF CHESTNUT BLIGHTWithering of Trees Is Result of Boring fay Insect Between Outerand Inner Bark.Thomas Davy Candy of Langhorne,near Philadelphia, declares that hehas discovered the cause of the blightwhich is withering chestnut trees inthe middle and south Atlantic states.A boring beetle, one-sixteenth of aninch long, black in color, which laysits eggs between the outer and theinner barks, is the primary cause, hesays.. Grubs are hatched from theeggs, and these penetrate the soft Inner bark, following its course aroundthe tree trunk. Above the patch ofthe borer occurs the blighted appearance. Myriads of the tiny worms werefound upon a single tree upon Mr.Candy's land, and the total result oftheir depredations was so extensivethat the tree, he says, appears to havebeen scorched by fire. The blight hasbecome so serious in Pennsylvaniathat the legislature appropriated$275,000 to a commission appointedhy the governor to investigate thecause of the disease and to deviseways for exterminating it.METHOD OF COLORING WOODSubstantial Change in Color of Tissues Effected by Injection ofMatter Into Trees.Staining wood after it has beensawed, planed and converted intowoodwork or furniture is a most ordinary procedure, but the staining ofthe wood while the tree it composesis alive and growing is a departurefrom old methods. The Illustrationshows a device by which coloringColoring Growing Wood.matter is injected into the tissues ofth tree in such manner that it willbe distributed by the natural circulation oZ the sap, thus effecting a substantial change in the color of the tissues with which it comes in contact.. Distance for Apples.Apple trees do best at a distance oftwo rods each way, unless it is a variety that tends to grow upward rather than outward. Such trees may beset 25 feet apart.Original "Yeggman."The word yeggman is said to haveoriginated from the criminal exploitsof John Yegg, who,' according tocriminal tradition, was a Swedishdesperado who operated in the Pacific coast states in the late seventiesMost Akin to Love.Of all the paths thr.t lead to a wornan's love, pity's the stralghtestBeaumont and Fletcher.GOT0BBCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges ot yellow matter permanently cured wifth pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aS A M P L E T RE AT M E N T FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and -reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it lids the sybtem ot thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,ruggists or by exsress, 51 per large .uoiue, wiuii uiitjuwuns lor iicine cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Hole by Varden & SonjRimieEangbortr.Manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Pho e 6t)9BUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per Sb.8th Street,Call East Tenn.PART3, KY.Phone 374CAUSE AND REMEDY.Uncertainty of the immediatefuture is looked upon by many menof affairs, as a blockade to enterprise and business prosperity, andthis blockade is now quite apparentthroughout the channels of trade.The Presidential Election; theefforts of Congress with no fixedpurpose; Organized Labor as a newfactor in politics; together withother matters of greater or lessimport, represent at this time a jchaotic conflict of separate interests, to harmonize which is now theproblem before the country.All want Prosperity, Peace andPlenty. Read with care the Cincinnati Enquirer, a journal that 'prints all the news each day from jevery commercial center through- jout the world. A barometer ofcauses and effects that points out,as a Beacon Light, the danger andthe safeguard theretrom.As well known, the Daily Enquirer is the largest in size andhighest priced paper in the UnitedStates, yet cheapest, measured byquality and quantity.The Weekly Enquirer, with the jcream and digest of all the news,able and conservative editorials,market reports, methods and results from Government and StateExperiment Stations, veterinarymatters, People's Forum, choiceliterature, short and continued stories, non-sectarian sermons, generalinformation, etc., with the exclusionof all matters of scandal and immorality, is today the CleanestWeekly Family Journal obtainable.Each issue is alone worth the priceof a year's subscription.Solicitors for subscriptions makea handsome profit and increase thegood influence of The Enquirer inthe uplift of morality and industry,and for the betterment and welfareof the community. For terms writeto The Enquirer, Cincinnati, Ohio.IHJ ATI fl ETI to sin it i1 II i B L( UTO iBe Happy!Happy the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands. It should do the same for you.Mrs. Mary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on. earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I "had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today.Write io: Ladles' Advisory Dept.. Chatfanoosa Medicine C.n.. rtiaanorM Trmlor Special Instructions, and 64-page book.:JKA::4zm2e&zbMsffwiGHOXEMANSSHOEJWy .JBf I0 & wiOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunH Metal, now readyGeo. M'Wlll-ams,U N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.TrainsSo.FROMCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. 7.35 amMajTsville, Ky., Daily" Except Sunday 7.38 amItowland, h.y. , Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday 8-12 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday , . 10.05 amLexington, Ky,. Daily 10.02 amCHrp:nn:ti, O., Daily : 10.18 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 11.50 amOyir hiana, Ky , Daily Except Sunday ". . 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily .-.3.22 pmKuoxville, 'i eim.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sumiay 5.40 pmLexington, Ky.Daily ... 612 DmLou sville & Frankfmt, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 17 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.27 pmCincinnati, O., Daily.'. 10:45 pmTrains IDe-psirt ,TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 aimMu sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexinj,t..n, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 7.47 amP'-i.wcf rt & Louisville. Daily Except jSunday 7.43 amriiieiimaii, O., Daiiy Except Sunday 8.20 amIHay&ville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky. , Daily . 9.o7 amKnoxville, Tenn., Luily 9.55 am3.)o0' S321431NTo:344i40! i-137! 3733Jacksonville, Fla., Dailyl33 Lexington, Ky., Daily6 Maysville, K., Daily26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 am25 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday. v. 3.30 pm38 Cincinnati. O., Daily .":... v 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pm39 Lexington, Ky. . Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm32813303113Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.22 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pmLexington, Ky., Daily .6.25 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.85 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.53 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.55 pmIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda . 8.13 ai4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .-. . .3 40 ga8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 pib162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 iATrainst NO. -LU , t161, Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only '. 7.10 wr! 7Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday .. . .7.43Enl F'ahkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday... ..r..S.-49.'53mi3 Frankfort, Ky , Daily Except Sunday . ." -. .5.55 amThe.omans ionic"Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.for inspection..A.rrrve-. 10.J8 am40.21 am11.5a amIDepartV,Mi,jii1-IjJiffJxTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 21 191 i.Irmmmmmammmmmmmm wmmmmm mmamWa TTflTTA On An fid IIToylandDisplayands Upon Thousands of Toys.Now is the Time for Children ofParis and Miles and Miles Around.Toyland the world of make-believe has opened, exhibiting thousands and thousands of joy-creating and pleasuregiving toys so dear to the heart of children. Every childin this whole town is invited to visit Toyland. Here youwill find the very biggest display of toys and dolls you haveever seen. Santa Glaus just simply dumped Toys into oui!store by the carload. There are wee, tiny undressed dollsof china, to big, queenly looking ones dressed in silks andsatins, and they come from all over the world Germany,France and our own United States priced at 10c to $15.Then there are horns, drums, doll carriages, wagons,pianos, games, steam engines that really run, electric toysin all of the many mechanical contrivances why, wecould fill this whole page with just the names of the toysso you can imagine how many thousands of toys are on display, and every toy is arranged so that it can be easilyseen, with the price marked in plain figures.You Really Must Bring the ChildrenHere, for Seeing the Display ofThese Christmas Toys is More toThem Than for You to See aOnce-in-a-Lif e-Time Spectacle : : :Too, this opening of Toyland is of interest to you, forhaven't YOU got to get toys for some little child in yourfamily? If you'll take our advice you'll select to-day forright at this time is the very best time possible to makeselections.KaufmanLLEXINGTON, KY. 1iThanksWe have anticipated 'your wants for the seasonnowj at hand and have in our store the most dependable goods at the right prices to be had.Savory Roasters,TurkeylCarvers,Turkey Dishes,Celery Trays,Cranberry Dishes,LardFORDComplete outfit for hunters. Ail the popularK ioaloads in smokeless and black powder.SOmiliB0jLW. C0T1IH1 j110 VIE-ttlLLED MEATS,Sausage, Hamburg StakeOysters, Fish, Chickens and Everything in Season,AH Kinds of FruitGROCERIES AT LOWEST PRICESCiiv I Ist Both Phones 7With aof Thous&, Straus & 6o.IgiYinBrass Fire Sets,Brass Coal Hods,Coal Vases,Butcher Knives,Meat Saws,Cans.& COJa PallJ.& m 1THEATRICAL.DANTE'S "INFERNO."The arraignment of the gulity soulsbefore the infernal judge, the heatstirring scene on the banks of the River Acheron are rendered with a dramatic power and intensity, of whichwords can give but a faint idea. Theheight of moving picture realism, however, is reached when the two poets ontheir journey through hell arrive atthe gray and cithered cliffs of the Stygian swamps, where the vilest areconfined. The system of signals bywhich the infernal powers send newsof the coming and passing of guiltysouls through the various regions, sographically described by Dante, isshown with a thrilling and overwhelming realism in the picture.The great dramatic moment inDante's poem comes with the arrivalof the poet at the gates of the City ofDis. The sceneB here fellow eachother in rapid succession, reaching amoat powerful climax when Virgilseems filled with despair and inclinedto retrace his steps. The makers ofthe film have done full 'justice to thismost exacting portion of the poem andthe spectator finds himself thrilled andawed in turns. Nor is there any abatement in artistic power and renfiementas the poem approaches its end, Thelast circle in the Inferno depicting thepunishment of Traitors is among themost impressive.Every step increases our admirationfor the film makers and renews andenhances but enjoyment and understanding of tho poem. Numerous instances could be cited showing howeven in the minutest detail the pictureseized the conception of Dante andworked them out with patient and artistic endeavor. A few may suffice.We mention the flight of the evil spirits like frogs before the serpent at theappearance of the angel before thegates of the Citj of Dis, the floatingof Francesca da Rimini and her loverthrough air "so light before the wind"the changing of the robbers into hideous shapes assuming a color like thatof paper which has been signed byaflme, the pouring forth upon theearth of the miserable spirit in the circle of the embezzlers. Instances likethis could be multiplied by the dozen.Dante's "''inferno" with a celebratedlecture, special musician and startlingeffects will be presented at the ParisGland Opera House Wednesday andThursday, November 29 and 30, withmatinee November 30.Fritzi Scheff, the opera star andwife of .lohn Fox, Jr., anounced herretirement from the stage in Philadelphia last week."PRINCESS IRIS."The beautiful, bewildering fantasy,"Princess Iris," with many new andthrilling features produced with superbscenery and mechanical effects will beseen at the Paris Grand November 24and 25, with matinee Saturday afternoun. From thf beginning to the end it isa carnival of excellent fun, indeliblystamping it as the big fun show of allshows. Probably no entertainmentever arranged for the amusement' loving public has been so carefully staged, as the many bewildering illusionsthat are introduced during the actioncf the play, not only requires a gooddeal of attention but also a lavish outlay of money for their construction,and when seen will not only amuse butcharm the eye of all the beholders.The stars of the play, Mildred andRouclere, need no introduction as theirlong line of success stamps them asartists of the highest rank and theirsupporting company is in keeping withtheir standard.During tha action of the play manypleasing specialties will ne introducedand amongst the many will be "Azra,"the aerial, fantasy ; that of a livingwoman floating in the air and disappearing right before the eyes of theaudience.Don't forget the date, Friday andSaturday, November 24 and 25, withmatinee Saturday afternoon. Prices25, 35 and-50 cents; matinee, children15 cents, adults 25 cents.MASTERY.That is what the Rouclere showmostly consists of, and it is fair to saythe people ot Paris will be pleased toknow that there is coming to theGrand a show of this kind.Mr Rouclere, assisted by Mildred,will mystify the auiience as theynever have been before. They give Ithe most remarkable exhibition of'Mildredism or mind reading witnessedat this age.Mr. Knapp, the manager, has, during his stay in Paris, distributedtwenty-five free tickets, which aregood for the Rouclere show -on itsopening date, November 24. Thesetickets are good for admission and onebest seat to the one who is luckyenough to find one of them.Every ticket is hid in plain opensight so if you want a free ticket justkeep your eves open.A change of program will be giventhe second night also a special matinee will be given Saturday afternoonat an admission of 15 and 25 cents.Go Hunting Prepared.Prepare yourself for the huntingseason with a pair of hose superiorhunting shoes the "Triumph Elk," wesell them in Paris. They are absolutely waterproof and are conceded to bethe best made,tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfAt Cost lor Cash.Beginning on November 15 our entire stock of millinery will be sold forcash for the next seventeen days oruntil December 1 at cost and below.In order to get the cash we will makethis sacrifice on all trimmed hats, jpattern hats, ribbons, trimmings, etcWo have a good line of S6 and $7 hatsthat we will sell at $3.50.This is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinery as this advertisement is not made to fool the publicbut to impress them that we are willing to sacrifice our stock to turn it into cash at once.MRS. CORNE w. BAIRD.DEATH.Mr. John J. Connor died at hishome on the Thatchers Mill pikeThursday aftrenoon after an illness ofonly a few weeks, the direct cause ofhis death being paralysis, a stroke ofwhich he suffered four days before hisdeath.Mr. Connor had resided in Bourboncounty nearly all of nis life and resided on the land occupied by the oldThatcher's Mill near the Clark countyline.In many respects Mr. Connor was aremarkable man and at the advancedage of 68 years was exceedinglyactive. In his younger days he performed almoBt impossible feats, beingpossessed with almost superhumanstrength.Mr. Connor was a gallant Confederate soldier and his enlistment in theSouthern army," which camo about inan unusual way, was one of the mostimportant incidents of his early life.During the early part of the conflictand when Paris and the vicinity wasoccupied by the Federal forces Mr.Connor was in town and while standing on the street conversing with 8number of friends a Federal scout firedinto the crowd wounding Mr. Connorin the leg. Stooping down he tcre theclothing from the wound and removedthe bullet with his hand3. The woundgave him little trouble and in a slioi ttime he unlisted in ilte Tcniedera'eservice.He is survived by a witLu, ljirrur'yMiss Everman, and three children,Mr. John Connor, of Portamouth.Ohio,Mrs. Mamie Palmer land Miss JennieConnor.Jof Athens, Ga., all of whomwere with their father when the endcame.The funeral services were conductedat his late residence Satruday morningat ten o'clock and the burial tookplace in the family lot in the Clintonville cemetery.Mikail Mordkin's AllStar Imperial Russian Baliett.Mikail Mordkin's All-Star ImperialRussian Baliett which will be seen atthe Lexington Opera House November27, 1911, is the greatest choreagraphicorganization ever given leave of absence from the Imperial Opera Housesof St. Petersburg and Moscow. Although loath to lose the services ofRussia's favorite dancers, the Imperial Government gave Impressario MaxRabinofT every aid in organizing thisbig company. Their object, some observers say, nothing more or less thanthat of the press agent.Indeed, Nicholas, Czar of all theRussians, is called by some the greatest of that ever increasing cult ofpublicity men. He deprives himself.ofthe pleasure of seeing his greatestdancers for another whole season, andhas permitted his court musicians, theBalalaika Orchestra, to cross the seesin order that public opinion in Amerciamay.be further favorably shaped. Lastyear's tremendous success of thePavlowa Mordkin company set America to thinking: "If Russia can produce such as this surely the countrycannot be as unenlightened as it ispainted."In appealing to American judgment,Russia chose a medium, too, whichstrikes not only the intellectuals, butthe good plain ordinary people as well.The highbrows flock to see the Mordkin company because the membersrepresent the flower of Russian highart. Business men and others whowould yawn their heads off at GrandOpera or an Ibsen drama, go to seethe ocular" oprea, because theythoroughly enjoy the marvellous dancing, movement, color and exquisitemusic. At the Metropolitan OperaHouse, which engaged the Mordkinbaliett for performances during December and January of this yearfinanciers and business men whoseboast is that they go to the Metropolitan only to escort their wives anddaughters sit up and take caretulnotico when the Russians have crowdedtthe house.kveiv where tne dancers appear thespectators aay to themselves "Russiais the land ot a great art." Under thespell cf the nar.cing there fade away' tne eld, old thoughts ot Russia vodka,the knout and Siberian exile. Neverbefore has Russia been so high inAmerican esteem, and it is mostly because of the great art of Mordkin andhis associates. This company carriesits own special orchestra of fiftypieces. Ordeis sent to Manager Scottwill receive prompt attention. Priceslange irom $1 to $3."The Chocolate Soldier" atLexington."The Chocolate Soldier," which theWhitney Opera Company will offer atthe Lexington Opera House Thursdaynight could not have achieved theworld wide vogue which it still enjoysexcept for its superlative operatic anJdramatic merits. No more entrancingor amusing story could be found forthe theme of an opera than BernardShaw's "Arms and the Man," the famous romantic satire on heroes and hero worship, which, as a drama, hasbeen translated and performed in halfa dozen language?. With Shaw contributing the dramatic elements andStraus the music to the formation ofan opera, it was inevitable that a masterpiece should be the result.Straus' ability to express in musicany emotion that can be expressed inwords has never ceased to astonishcritics and playgoers alike. In portraying the audacious adventures of Bumerli, the Bulgarian Dun Quixote, hisstorming of women's hearts and thehavoc wrought with the conceit andvanity of his associates. Shaw isforever parodying the emotions and betraying the ludicrousness of his characters. Straus, in inimitable music,has mirrored this to perfection. In thepompous marches there is a discerniblesneer, in the love ballads there is themockery of the satirist, and the daringcomposer, after raising his auidence toecstacy by some exquisite refrain, bewilders them with songs and movements crackling with jibes and scornful merriment. Throughout Shaw andSttaus have mingled ridicule and romance, sentiment and satire, so aeftlythat the spectators are never quitesure which will be uppermost the nextmoment. "My Hero," "Never WasThere Such a Loer," "The LetterSong," and many others testify toStraus' wizardy in the realm of music.The company carries a special orchestra of seventeen musicians,begins Thursday morning.Qoof nnln"(Continued from Page 3)"Wnere is a good drug store," askedthe bride. "I must have some toothpowder and some cosmetics.""Right here," replied Uncle Bill.Just then the trio happaned in frontof L. Oberdorfer. "This is a well appointed and most reliable drug store,and it is conducted along prorgessiveilnes, too," he asid. "I get my prescriptions filled here, because I knowthe prescription case is in charge uf apainstaking and efficient prescriptionist who is ever prompt and accurate toall alike. L. Oberdorfer is alwaysreplete with a large and varied 3tockof drugs, medicines, chemicals andmanifold accessories to this branch, infact everything that is needed to meetthe demands of the people. The houseenjoys the confidence and esteem of alarge acquuamtanceship and it's hereyou will want to deal," said UncleBill.Next we will go to Doty's studio,and sit for pictures," suggested UncleBill, "for nothing recalls reminiscencesof the honey icccn in after years so".ividlj as a gcod photorgaph, and onetsken at Duty's gallery will be a realI lieness of you, He is not a 'canreratapper,' but a portrait photograph-!',as the specimens on exhibition at thepleasingly arrangedgallery and reception room attest and that all photographers are alike, capable of aciheving the same results, is no more truethan pen, ink and paper make thesame ajthor," said Uncle Bill. "J. H.Doty, aside from an ample andthoroughly equipped establishment,not only possesses the art of posingbut also understands the worth of preception as well, which distinguisheshim as a protrait'artist, and makes forthis gallery more than a local nfciiie."Exclusive Agents.We are exclusive agents for the Saturday Evening Post. Several hustlingboys wanted to sell same on thestrGfitmG. S. VARDEN & SON.Distillery Burned.At Owensboro Friday night theDavies County Distilling Co.'s plantwas destroyed by fire together with12,000 barrels of whisky. The whiskyran out into the Ohio river, coveringthe surface of the stream with flameand furnishing a spectacular scene.The loss is estimated at 5400,000.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfInsure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell. 'Desirable Farm To Be Sold AtPublic Auction, Nov. 23.The Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis farmof 235 acres, on the Georgetown pike,to be sold to the highest bidder onTuesday, November 28, 1911. by Harris & Speakes, is all in grass, wellwatered and one hundred acres of itwill grow good tobacco.Exclusive Agents.We are exclusive agents for the Saturday Evening Post. Several hustlingbuys' wanted to sell same on thestreetsG. S. VARDEN & SON.At Cost for Cash.Beginning on November 15 our en"tire stuck of millinery will be sold forcash for the next 17 days, or until December 1 at cost and below. In orderto get cash we will make this sacrificeon all tiimmed hats, pattern hat?, lib-bons, trimminir?, etc. We have a goodline of S6 Phd 7 hats that we will sellat S3. 50.Ihis is a rare opportunity for thoseneeding millinrey, as this advutisement is not made to f cl the public butto impress hem that we ara willing tosacrifice our stock to turn it into cashat once.MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD. jGifts for All OccasionsnThere is no establishment in the UnitedStates better able to meet your requirements in exclusive selections of Diamondsin unique and distinctive settings; SterlingSilverware wrought by experienced artisans; Gold Jewelry of refined andartistic character; Sheffield Silverware ofhard metal with silver-electroplate; Toiletware of sterling silver and of ebony;Watches of the world's leading makers;Herschede Hall and Mantel Clocks ofnational reputation for case designs, timekeeping, and famous Tubular Chimes thatsound the hours and quarters after thepeals of Whittington and Westminster; infact, with the choicest in jewelry, goldsmithing, and silversmithing at moderateprices. A Catalog of Hall and MantelClocks only is issued, as assortments inother lines are always changing so as toinclude the latest approved designs. Butselections, insured and express paid, willbe sent to those making themselves knownas reliable through the CorrespondenceDepartment. A personal visit when inCincinnati will be appreciated.Silversmiths Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Avenue, Eajt,Cincinnati, OhioMissionary Rally is Held flerevThe Union Missionary Rally was',held in the Methodist church Friday,afternoon and was largely attended.Tke program was interesting and instructive in every detail.ThA meeting was presided over byMrs. W. E. Simms, while the devotional exercises were conducted byMrs. W O. Hinton. Mrs. H. A. Power had charge of the musical programiand was assisted by Mra. M. HDailey, who presided at the organ.The first paper wss on "Preventiveand Rescue Work," by Miss LouieBuer of the Methodist church. "OuirTraining Schools," was presented byMrs. Harrison, of the Baptist church,,teacher of elocution at Bourhon College. "Our Mountain Work" wasgiven by Mrs. J. S. Wilson, Presbyterian representative and "Our BibleChair Work." by Mrs. Walter Payne,of the C. W. B. M. Mrs. Carey E.Morgan then led in the Round Tabledicsussion, which was participated inby Mrs. Harry B. Clay, Mrs. RobertGoggm, Mrs. E. B. January, Mrs.Walter Clark. Mrs. Power and others.The result of the membership campaign was reproted by the chairmanof the committee, resulting as follows rThej Presbyterian society gained 28new members; Methodist, 25 adultmembers, 7 to the juvenile society and4 to the cradle roll; Baptist 25 andChtizthn 28.Owing to the inclement weatner theattendance at the evening session wassomewhat i educed. The address ofMr3. E. E. 'Grubts, of Winchester, onLoyalty to Christ was heard with agreat deal of interest by all present.Desirable Farm To Be Sold AtPublic Auction, Nov. 23.The Mrs. Mary Ireland Davis farmof 235 acres, on the Georgetown pike,to be sold to the highest bidder onTuesday, November 28, 1911, by Harris & Speakes, is all in grass, wellwatered and one hundred acres of itwill grow good tobacco.Agreement Reached in Tobacco"Suits.As a result of the meetings betweenthe attorneys of the Burley TobaccoSociety and independent tobacco manufacturers, which were held in Lexington last week with a view of compromising the suits and counter suitsfiled over the purchase of the 1907crop of Burley tobacco, which wassold to the independents by the BurleySociety at 17 cents a pound and part ofwhich they declined to accept, antagreement was reached Saturday,,under the terms of which, if 85 percent nf the independents '.sign, and itis beileved they will, the Burley Tobacco Society will consent .to dismiss?all actions. ,This will serve to settle alldiffer-ences between the contendingand wiU restore good feeling.parties-The proposition came several daysago from independents who wererepresented by Mr. W. F. Axton, ofthe Axton-Fisher Tobacco Company ofLouisville. The Burley Society was.represented by its Executive Board;,which turned the matter of a suitableagreement over to the society's attorneys, Senator Joseph B. .Foraker, former Governor of Ohio ; Col. John R,Allen, of Lexington, and Messrs. D.L. Pendleton, of Winchester, and T.L. Edelen, of Frankfort.The papers were drawn and delivered late Saturday afternoon and will besubmitted to the independent manufacturers by Mr. Axton.Place For Contests Selected.The Bourbon County School Improvement League early in the falloffered prizes for the best spellers inthe district schools. Each school ineach division is 10 have a spellingmatch, the successful ones in all divisions to hold a contest at some convenient place onFriday,the24th of November, and the final match between thebest spellers in the divisions to be heldthe day before Thanksgiving.Miss Robbins, county school superintendent, desires the following announcements made concerning the contests :All the schools in Division 1, willmeet at Clay's Cross Reads, November 24, at 2 :30 p. m.Division No. 2. at Ruddles' Mills;Division 3. at Millersburg ; DivisionNo. 4. at Lttton ; Division No. 5. atStony Point, and Division 6 at Clintonville. All en the same date and atthe same hour.The winners will meet for a final'contest at the court house Wednesday,.November 29, when the prizes will beawarded.. -fie. .-.:-tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV; 21, 1911.ft.mfills BOURBON NEWS.-Cw0j2ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNew Orleans Molasses.New crcp just in.C. P. COOK & CO.Farm Sold.Mr. Geo. Clayton, formerly ofHutchison, this county, sold his farmof 104 acres on the Danville and Shakertown pike two miles from Burgin, toMr. W. H. Squires, of Little Rock,Bourbon county, for $14,000.Exclusive Agents.We are exclusive agents for the Saturday Evening Post. Several hustlingboys wanted to sell same on theG. S. VARDEN & SON.For the Cool Nights.Stop in and see our new line of comforts just received. All kind3 at allkinds of prices. Done' buy comfortsuntil you see our stock, We can saveyou money.J. T. HINTON.Date Changed.The date for the meeting of theLadies Aid Society of the Presbyterianchurch has been changed to Monday,November 27 instead of the day following which is the date for the regular meeting.Open Kettle N. 0. Molasses.Pure open kettle New Orleans mclasses, new barrel just opened.21 2t SATTER.Sour Kraut.Fresh barrel of the finest sour krautever brought to Paris just opened.21 2t SAUER.Locates in Brooksville.Dr. J. M. Lacock, who for severalyears has been located in this city andpracticing denistry, has moved to8rooksville to reside and will open anofftVe in that city. Dr. Lacock hasmany friends in this city who wishhim much success in his new home.See Our Line.Thanksgiving post cards 'and beautiful novelties.21 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Calls Meeting For Tonight.Hon. C. M. Thomas, president ofthe Civic League has called a meetingof the organization which is to be heldin the Public Library this evening at7:30 o'clock. A full attendance is desired as business of importance is tobe transacted.Dressed Poultry.We are prepared to furnish you withthe choicest of dressed chickens, hensand ducks on short notice. Bothphones 586.LINK GROCERY CO.Convertible Collar Overcoats,Two coats in one, in tans, greys,browns ana blacks, $12 50 to $30.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Fire at Elemendorf.Fire of an unknown origin broke outin a rest shed at Elemendorf dairyFriday afternoon entailing a loss of$6,000. The automobile fire enginefrom Lexington was sent to the sceneand succeeded in confining the flamesto the one barn. All the Jersey cattlethat were in the barn were saved.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Our Leading Specialty.Is fvaw'ms pictures. Beautiful newline of mouldings just in.21 2t PARIS BOOK CO.PEESGNAL MENTION.SOCIAL CALENDAR.Tuesday afternoon Mrs. W. E,Board's tea foe Mrs. Lane, guest ofMrs. Sitt Champ.Wednesday afternnoon Mrs. B. A.Frank's card party.Wednesday afternoon The usualmeeting of theJParis Literary Club attheir club rooms.Thursday afternoon The mpeting oftbe Six Hand Euchre Club with Mrs.Warren Rogers.Friday afternoon Mrs. B.A. Frank'sluncheon.To Build in Lexington.Mrs. W. R. Thomas, formerly ofthis city, who recently scld her hon ein Winchester to Mr. N. T. Van Me -er.of Clark county, will move fromthat city to Lexington where she villbuild a home. Mrs. Thomas will 20 toLexington this week to select a location for her new home.Turkeys.Wednesdav, November 22 is the lastday on which we will recieve turkeysfor Thanksgiving market.C. S. BRENT & BRO.Mr. L. Saloshin is confined to hishome with an attack of rheumatism.Messrs. Jas. Ferguson, Vol Ferguson, W. K. Ferguson and A. T. Crawford returned yesterday after a.week'shunt in Ohio.Mrs. L. Saloshin and daughters,Misses Essie and Goldie, and son,Harry Saloshin, were visitors in Cincinnati Sunday.Rubber Boots.Get your Gum 'Shoes and RubberBoots at17 tf FELD'S SHOE STORE.Special Prices On Boy's 0vercoats.We are offering some extra specialvalues in boys' overcoats, sizes 3 to 17and have the largest stock to selectfrom you'll find in Central Kentucky.J. W. DAVI & CO.Member o Dolan Jury.Mr. A. J. Lovely, formerly of thiscity, but who for the past severalyears has been residing in Lexington,ws a member of the jury beforewhinh the case of Thomas Dolan forthe murder of Patrick Mooney.in Lex-1 Blakely, Topeka, Kansas;I leton. The jury was discharged after Stoner ;Lmn, Richmond ;twenty-one ballots had been tafcen andthe body failed to reach a verdict. Itwas reported seven voted for the deathpenalty, and two for voluntary manslaughter, and one for acquittal. Thejury was discharged Saturday afternocn after deliberating for severalhours and Dolan was admitted to bailin the sum of $10,000,which he executed. 1Desirable Farm To Be Sold AtPublic Auction, Nov. 23.The Mrs Mary Ireland Davis farmof 235 acr, on the Georgetewn pike,to t-e sold to the highest bidder onTuts Jay, November 28, 1911, by Harris & Speakes, is all in grass, wellwatered and one hundred acres of itwill grow good tobacco.Z Ms. Harry Simon is visiting inChicago.Miss Ruth Morgan is visitingfriends in MiddlesboroMr. Embry Downey, of Richmond,is the guest of relatives here.Mr. T. E. Moore is visiting Mr.R. P. Thomas in Mt. Sterling.Mr. R. L. Thomas, of Winchester,was a visitor in the city yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson returned yesterday from a visit to relatives in Richmord.Mr. T. T. 'Templin is ill at hishome on South Main street with an attack of asthma.Col. Nat Rogers, of Pewec Valiey,is visiting iriends and relatives atNorth Middletown.Messrs. Chas. Thorras and Chas.Cassity have returned from a week'shunt in Bracken county.Mr. and Mrs. John Davis have returned home after a visit to Mr. andMrs. Wm. I. Goodman in Lexington.1 Mrs. J. V. Lytle has returned toher home in Maysville after a visit toher son, Mr. O. G. Lytle, in this city.Mr. Max Margolen left last weekfor Winchestre where he has accepteda position with the A. M. Domb Company. Mrs. Harry Booth, who 'underwentan operation at the St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Thursday for appendicitis, is improving rapidly.Col. E. F. Clay and family leavethis morning for Florida where theywill spend the cold season atEustis, attheir beautiful winter home.2 Miss Nellie Hogan entertained atner home in Winchester last veek inhonor of Mr. R. F. David, of Louisville. Among the guests was MissMattie Hogan, of this city.Mrs. Sarah K. Yancey, of Lexington, and Mrs. Edward Connors, ofMorehead, attended the MissionaryRally here Friday and were the guestsof Mrs. W. R. Scott, on South Mainstreet.Richard Hawes Chapter UnitedDaughters of the Confederacy willmeet at their rooms in the court houseFriday afternoon, November 24 at twoo'clock. Mrs. Mitchell Lyle and Mrs.Henry S. Clay will be hostesses.Lucian and Reuben Arnsparger,sons of Mr. and Mrs. Clifton Arnsparger, have returned from St. JosephHospital, Lexington, where they havebeen under treatment for throattrouble.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraft left Fridaymorning for Columbia, Mo., to attendthe marriage of Mrs. Luella WilcoxSt. Clair, President of Christian College, to Dr. Woodson Moss. The wedding will be celebrated at noon tomorrow. Mrs. Bicklp, who ha3 been thecharming guest of Mrs. Cassius M.Clay, has returned to her home inPittsburg, Pa. Mrs. Clay and Mrs.Bickle were school friends at Daughters College, Harrodsburg.One of the handsomest receptionsgiven in Bourbon county for some timewas tendered Friday afternoon at"Oakland," the beautiful country residence of the late Col. Robt. G. Stoner,by Mrs. Root. G. Stoner and her mother, Mrs. John S. Williams and .was ina manner a farewell to Mrs. Stoner'shost of warm friends, "Oakland" having recently been sold.The spacious rooms were tastefullydecorated, the previailng colors beingpink and green. The color schemewas carried out by ropes of simlaxand pink roses, and pink candles, bywhich the house was lighted. The dining room was especially attractive,the table being covered with an exquisite lace cloth, with a centerpiecerf roses and smilax placed on a largesilver waiter around which was placedsilver and cut glass dishes of nuts andhon bons.The gentlemen in attendance hadbeen personal friends 'of Col. Stoner,and each was presented with a pinkj rose by the charming hostess, whileeach guest received as a souvenir abow ot pmK riDDon oeanng me name,"Oakland."Mrs. Stoner was gowned in whitebrocade with real lace trimmings andwas ably aosisted by Mrs. Lavin. Mrs.Meng, Mrs. Leer, Mrs. McClure, Mrs.Steele, Mrs. C. O. Hinton, Mrs.'Talbott and Miss Grimes.An elegant buffett luncheon of substantial was served. A large numberof friends enjoyed the pleasant occasion among whom were noted: Col.and Mrs. E. F. Clay, Mr. BrucknerWoodford, Mr. and Mrs. Warren Rogers, Mr. Nat Rogers, Mr. and Mrs.John C. Bedford, Mr.- and Mrs C. C.Leer, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Redmon, Mr.Jas. Dodge, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. McClure, Mr. R. B. Hutchcraft, Capt.and Mrs. Cbas. Meng, Mrs. Chas.Mrs. MariaMrs. Wm.Pettitt, Mrs. Emma Hamilton, Mrs.Archie Hamilton, Mrs Jos. Van Meter, Mis9 Amelia Hamilton, Lexington;Mr?. Talles, Henderson; Mrs. AllieJonts, ?lrs. H. P. Thomas, Clatkcounty: Mesdmes C. M. Clay, T. H.Clay, Fred Wallis, OaKfcrd Hinton,Winnifrpd Ford, George Bell, Wra.Taylor. Charlton Alexander, Jr , FordBrenr, Wm. Board, Jas Hughe. Russell Mann, Robt. lalbott, Brice Steele,Emmett Dickson, Ames Turnev, JohnWnodford, W. T. Brooks. Will Buckner, Albert Mitchell, Sam Clay,Ajlette Buckner, John Brennan,Catesby Woodford, Virgil Gaithkill,Wade Whitney, Clarence Kenney, fl.C. Buckner, Misses Lucy Simms, Lottie Hollaay, Frances Howell, MaryFi hian Hutcheralt. Carroll Leer, Lizzie Grimes and Sallie Lockha t.Takes Suddenly III.Mr. John A. Larue, a prominentfarmer of Shawhan, was taken suddenly ill Friday morning near hishome and for a time his condition wasregarded as serious. Mr. Larue wason his farm near Shawhan superintending some work in company with Mr.Thomas Henry Clay, Jr., started toward his hcuse, walking at a rapidgait. Mr. Clay addressed a remark tohis companion and recieving no reply,turned toward hirn and noticed that helooked very ill. Mr. Larue sank to theground in a faint. Mr. Clay summoned assistance and the unconscious manwas carried to the house where Jphysicians were summoned. Drs. Fithian& Uaugherty responded to the call andrestored Mr. Larue to consciousness.His illness is attributed lito an attackof heart trouble, and although he isconsidered out of danger his physiciansadvise absolute rest.Wall Paper Specials.We are offering some special bargains in wall paper. Come and seewhat a beautiful line you have toselect from.J. T. HINTON.Paris GrandTWO NIGHTSFRiDAY AND SATURDAY) OCNOVEMBER IAtLOMatinee Saturday at 2 P. H."THE SHOW THAT'S DIFFERENT"ROUCLEREAmerica's Greatest Transfigurist,and Company of10 PEOPLE IOHEADED BYMILDRED,The Bewitching Star of Mystery. Thegreatest exhibition of MIND READING ever before the public.See Azra and the Flight of PrincessIris, the miracle of modern times.Prices: 25c, 35c and 50c.Matinee: Children 15c, Adults 25c.VIOLIN CLASS.1 have organized a class in violinand have several open periods for newpupils. Lessons given at the ParisPublic School Building and at myhome on Pleasant street.MISS GOLDIE SALOHIN.21 4t E. T. Phone No. 296.BUYCOKE!NOWBEFORE BAD WEATHER.Paris Gas & Electric Co.Boys Wanted.Several hustling boys to sell Saturday Evening Post. Big money to theboy who is a hustler. None but boyswho want to make money need apply.G. S. VARDEN & SON,21 3t Agents for Paris, Ky.Organizes Violin Class.Miss Goldie Saloshin. daughter ofMr. and Mrs. L. Saloshin, has organized a class in violin and is meeting withmuch success. Miss Saloshin has astudio in the Pbuilc School Buildingand also gives lessons at her home onPleasant street. She is a giaduate ofthe Cincinnati College of Music and isa talented young musician.ITHE FAIR!Don't forget that our BargainDays are on Fridays and wealways try and give you someextra good values on that day.We will have on special Fridaynext:White Table Oil Cloth 15c peryard.The very best quality highgrade Oil Window Shades, whiteonly, 7 toot Jong, 42 inches wide,at the very- low price of 35c.each.A dandy good fire shovel worth25c, for 10c.Don't forget when you areready for your holiday shoppingwe have a most complete andup-to-date line.aiSOLE AGENT FORATHENA UNDERWEARFor Ladies and Children.The Elastic Cuff holds the sleeve in place. Special stayprevents garment from stretching over the shoulder.Comfort without bulk. Daintiness with duribility.fror mis genuineVictor-VlctrolaYes sir, a genuineVictor-Victrola for $15.Hardly seems possible,and yet this new instrument embraces all thef u n d a m c n t a 1 VictorVictrola principles.And the uncqualcdVictor-Victrola tonethat's the most' importantthing of all.Come in today andhear it no obligation tobuy, but you won't wantto do without one.Other styles $25 to $250.Victors $10 to $100. Easy termsif desired.iAUGHERTYBROS.mTavnaPHHrnnnni imnjSOLE AGENT FORHENDERSON CORSETS.Buy good Corsets. The better Corsets you huy the betterfigure you will have, the more stylish you will appear andthe longer service you will get from your Corset. Wecarry them from 1 upward.W. Ed TuckerWE ARE READY FOR YOUw-1n t n -i wrees usn specials.PureCountry Sorghum Molasses, 10-lb pails 75c.Pure Open Kettle N. O. Molasses, 10-lb pails 75c.Pure Comb Honey, per lb. 15c.14 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00.3 boxes Rolled Oats for '25c.8 bars Lenox Soap 25c.3 boxes Argo Starch 25c.tFEE'SJ. T. HINTONThe Home Otitf itfcerISTHASIt Is None Too Early to Think ofCHRand to do your Christmas shopping. Don't waste your money on trash.Come here and buy something useful and ornamental, something that willbe a constant reminder and beautify the home for years tocome.,A few suggestions:What house-wife wouldnot appreciate a niceDavenport?We show the largest andbest line at prices thatcompel buying.One of the greatest conveniences and room-saversof modern times is theDESK TABLEYou have an elegant table and a roomy-desk inthe one piece.Ladies' Desks, Morris Chairs, Dressing; Tables,Brass Goods, Doll Beds, Doll Carts.cil...THE FAIR...KCI3STTON"mtmJItxIIAtMI&toTHE BOURBON NEWS, ARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV- 2L 1911KJKHKWKKH. CHV HHla.HW.aV. V7V.&.')Vfi.1;SSTOiragWSBfSwtWeOmdn 6c Co,THW LEADING SPECIALTY HOUSUANNOUNCE THE FIRST.XPrice Reduction SaleOFTAILOR-MADE SUITSegsgyaEPBsgyjj.s-w rvn-ygvyAgy ".!I?For Women and Misses"?Included in this sale are one hundred and fifty ofour best stock suits, many are imported models,brought on especially for openings. Every suitin perfect style and at the following low prices arethe greatest bargains we have ever offered.5 0 Plain Tailored Walking Suits$18.50Values up to $35Materials are fine serge, cheviot and imported mixtures, especially good models in blackf550 Tailored and Fancy Suits$25Values up to $45Materials are fine mannish worsteds, imported broadcloths anddiagonals, cheviots; a good assortment of blacks in the lot.50 Handsome Tailored and Fancy Suits$35 - .t"Values up to $75Materials are velvets, imported zibilines, plain cloth and fancymixtures. Only one suit of a style. Many are imported models.Come Early Best Bargains Go FirstEFIY 6b CMAIN STREET LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY.tMNHMaMMMMUMMMH1fcW5Sshi:International GasolineENGINESr-".JaaJiitsc x"All Types of Ensilage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.you knowthat you aregetting theI Rmi TkH 0B I5$gone preparation thathas stoodthe test forover thirtyfive yearsand still remains the Standardtonic-food-medicine,used and recommendedby the medical profession the world over.Scott'sEmutsionis the embodiment ofelements that make forgood health andH AU, DRUGGISTS Ex&mM&3;vaKSfdhr'jC'i&KiK$WAWfrWkmLWxFree ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall Novelties IfLadies' Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' FootwearSee our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call at . lTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentuckyi&;!His. ": mFond of Walking Sticks. fui an people peruaps none is morefond of canes or more skilled in theiruse than our fellow citizens of PortoRico. The walking stick in that island would seem to mark social distinctions among men as fans doamong women.One Issue Gone.One of Uncle Sam's custom menfound 30 pockets in a woman's skirt.Now let the women forever hold theirtongues about not having equal rightswith men Milwaukee Journal.A Cook in Need.Husband "Did the cook you hiredshow up?" Wife "No. Wasn't it fortunate? Another one rang our bellby mistake, looking for Mrs. Glllet,next door, and I've kept her instead."Harper's Bazar.Tolstoy's Wise Counsel.Never say, "I can indulge In thislittle thing without fear; it does notamount to anything." Never say,"This particular virtue is so Insignificant I might Just as well do" without it" Tolstoy.LOST.On Tupsday afternoon on Pleasantjrtreet between Ninlh and Fifthstreets, on Fifth between Main andPleasant or on Main between Fifthd Frank & Co.'s store a diamondonbHrt. containing eleven diamonds.Tk finder will be handsomely reward-Is by returning same toMRS. HUME PAYNE.E. T. Phone 155-3.Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema lies, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney. S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."-FOR SALE.Between lour hundred and five hun;4rd barrels of corn in shock. Forvwkrtcula.rs inquire of Earl fFereuson.t'iE. T. Phone. Lexington, or Wm. Ken-fowyFefjasofl, E. T. Phane, Paris. 3t$ W. T. Brooks, Agent.It Startled the World.when the astounding claims werehrst made for Bucklen's Arnica Salvebut forty years of wonderful cureshave proved them true, ana1 everywhere it is now known as the bestnaive on earth for burns, boils, scalds,sores, cuts, bruises, sprains, swellings, eczema, chapped hands, feversores and piles. Only 25c at Oberdor-fer's.SPECIALRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohoma andTexas, on sale the first and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip Winter Tourist Fares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'lppi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call on orwrite; W. H. HARRIS, Agent,or N. T. DRAKE. T. A. -W jMBgfecSS r&jmfifjDay Trip to St Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8:20 a. m., cireit correction is madewith the B. &. O. S-W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock neondaily, criiving Pt. Louis at eighto'clock same evening. lh;s train carries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction."Parlor cars, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSt. Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S-W.St. Louis fast trains leave Cincinnatidaily 2:15 a. m., 9 a. m. and 9:15 p.xv. daily except Sunday. Night trainshave electric lighted sleeping carswith individual hprfrh lichtq T?nr in.I formation as to fares and other particulars consult your Josal ticket agenor addressS. T. SEELiT,T. P. A , B. & O. S-W. R. R.,513 Traction Bldg.Cincinnati, Ohio.NSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G.Phone 162Agent-MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties,.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.aOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortschiseasou to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof Tour securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSCNSAL.E DAILYVIAVALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDDINING CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912.FOI FULL PARTICULARS, CALL OH ANY TICKET ACEHT, QUEEH & CRESCENT ROUTE,OR WSITEH. C. KINO, Passenger sad Ticket Ageat, 101 E. Mala St, LEXINGTON, KY.r.&1j.-.HIW-'WJTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 21, 1911.-rfXaMISSOU WS LIFEmm MULEAnimal Receives Load of ShotWhich WaSv Intended forHis Master.FREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEGREATOne of the most remarkable proofs.MID-SESyrup Pepsin. You can prolong- yottrlife by healthy bowel action. Clog-gedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future, condition.Among the strongest supporters olDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftyor tne unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that ife is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men andwomen of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constipation andbowel trouble in old people it has noequal. It corrects the constipation,dispels tne headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. Caldwell'sIN FEUD FIGHTNeighbors Had Trouble Over Ditchand Body of Lowly Long-EaredBeast Serves as Shield Until Angerof Armed Assailant Cools.i.emt aim one aouar, DUt a tree sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor.Address him Dr. W. B, Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Mbnticello, IlLASONr rji L.aSALEILadies' Hosiery, Underwear andjAllLadies' Cloaks, Suits, Skirts, Dresses, Waistsand Furs atREDUCED PRICESLadies' Hose in Black and Brown, worth 25c 2 pair for 25cLadies' Hose in Black, worth 50c 24cLadies' Union Suits, worth $1 .44cLadies' Sweaters, worth $ 1 . , 44cLadies' Shirt Waists, worth $1.25 59cLadies' Skirts in all colors, worth $7.50 $3.98Ladies' Suits in all colors, worth $20 $10.00Ladies' Coats in all colors, worth $20 : $10.00Ladies' Dresses in alljcolors, worth $15' $7.50 HHAll Plush and Caracul Coats at a Great ReductionALTERATIONS FREECOIncorporatedlL.mJE&i,ir "ES.oz1.txxcls.37-Corner 5th and MainBoth Phones 1 29IPUBLIC SALE-OF A-BOURBON COUNTY FftRII!I will sell at public auction, without reserve or by-bid, onTUESDAY, NOV. 28, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, my tarm of 235 acres, on the Georgetownpike, eight miles from Paris, eight miles from Georgetown, two miles fromNewtown and one mile from F. & C. R. R. station.This farm is well located, on one of the best pikes in the county, is all ingrass; well watered, and outside fencing good. It has a small tenant house.100 acres of this land will grow tobacco.TERMS One-third cash, balance in two equal payments ia one and twoears, deferred notes bearing interest from date six per cent, amd a lien retainedn the land until paid, or the purchaser may pay all cash.Immediate possession.MRS. MARY IRELAND DAVIS.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Pari3, Ky.., or JohnMlay, who will show the farm to prospective purchasers.(ll-18-22-25nov-4t)SMALL TRACT OF IMPROVED LANDFOR SALE PUBLICLY.ON THURSDAY, NOV. 23, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises, I will sell to the highest bidder my homeplace of six acres improved land, located 24 miles from Paris, Ky., on the Peacock pike.The improvements consist of a new five room cottage with metal roof, meathouse, with good dry cellar under same, a No. 1 toba'ceo and stock barn, withtongue and grooved loft, and a storeroom with metal roof. It has a splendidcistern, fruit of all kinds, and all fencing first class.This is a well located tract of excellent land there is no better in Bourboncounty. It will all grow good tobacco and is an ideal place for a market garden.TERMS Made known on day of sale. Immediate possession., MRS. BELLE TALBOTT.GEO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.(15nov-3t)To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. 1 1 ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyo ir friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Ro3aV. Wallingford.Is the World Growing Belter?Many things go to prove that ifa is.The way thousands are taying to helpothers is proof. Among them is Mrs.W. W. Gould, of Pittsfield, N. H.Finding good health by taking Electric Bitters she now advises othersufierers everywhere to take them."For years Isufferecl with stomachand kidney trouble," she writes."Everv medicine I used failed till Itook Electric Bitters. But this greatremedy helped me wonderfully."They'll help any woman. They arethe best tonic and liver and kidneyremedy that's made, Try them. You'llsee. 50c at Oberdorfer's.nmiuanoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeals,Bacon, Lard, Ham,i.Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,!!Paris, Ky.!When afflicted with disease, do not wasto yourhard-earned money andvaluable time experimenting with uncertaintreatments, butOur lone experience has tausht ns -what to rtn fmm'tne start Wo know how. Let n avi vnumoney, time and suffering. Don't let lack ofmoney Keep you away, ir you ure out of work youcau arrance to pay onr email professional rce lateron. Ao lona of time while taking our treatmentyou can ieep right on with your work.If YOU SUFFER 5 35Phimosis, Hydrocele, Varicocele, Stricture, BloodPoison, Rheumatism, Ulcers, Sore. SUn Diseases,or Nervous Debility, or any special ailment thathas been hanging on for weeks or months, resistingthe treatment of various doctors .and drugeistsuntil you are discouraged call and let us showI?2-h?JL.1ul,:k,T Buen troubles can be cure! by ihoKIG1IT treatment.For free Question List andi Book on Men's Diseases.Cincinnati Men-Specialist Co,,531 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.Windows.Most women seem to think thatwindows are made merely to be fitted with curtains that will keep outthe lightMacon, Mo. A Missouri mule hasadded new laurels to his kind. According to the record in a case In theMacon circuit court a long-eared animal that toils on an Eagle townshiptract for Farmer Ben Harrison, sawhis neighbor, Alonzo Dixon, point adeadly gun, "to-wit, a shotgun loadedwith gunpowder and ball," at his master. It was so sudden that Harrisonhad no time to dodge, but the 'mulestepped in the breach just as Dixonpulled tho trigger and received theload intended for Harrison.The mule did not die. He kept hisbody between his master and his assailant until Dixon's anger cooled, andhe was glad his shot had not reachedthe target he aimed at.Th'e trouble was over the drainagedtnh between tho men's farms. Dixonthought Harrison was encroaching onhis land and went out to see abourit Ho got mad about it and fired atHarrisou, but hit the mule.To shoot at a man with a deadlyweapon is a felony, whether your butlet lands or not Information wasSled in due form, and process served,rjfc iKy i w ami 'Mule Saves Master's Life.and Dixon came down to Macon tolet the circuit judge fix his punishment. Harrison had sent word that hewouldn't prosecute the man who hadshot at him, and that if it were necessary to pronounce a penitentiary sentence he hoped the court would parolehim. Harrison said Dixon had a largeiamily to provide for and that it wouldnever do to take him away from them.Judge Shelton sentenced Dixon to thepenitentiary for two years, and thenparoled him."T admit I was a bit hasty," saidDixon, "and I'm mighty glad the oldmule was in the way. Harrison is agood man, and we had been friends until that ditch matter came up."HAVE ADAM AND EVE PARADESociety Procession as Aftermath ofSmart Dance Shocks Pennsylvania Town.Latrobo, Pa. Society of this placeis shocked ovor a parade, tha aftermath of a smart dance, which occurred along the main thoroughfareof Latrobe early the other morning.Some of tho costumes worn by members of the fair sex in the parade weretoo shocking to mention. Some appeared as "Eves" and their male companions as "Adams." And there wereenough "Salomes" to fill a small-sizedtheater.Shortly before dawn ''the residentsof Latrobe were started by yells thatsounded something like Indian warwhoops. As soon as the paraderswere sure everybody was looking theygave a series of dances in the middleof the streetSome one telephoned the police. Apoliceman, who incidentally is a Sunday school teacher, was sent with orders to arrest the crowd. He went,he saw, but he failed to conquer, because he could not stand the sightHe ran back to, the police stationemitting criee of "O, horrors!"Next day he was "put cm the books'for failing to arrest the masqueraders.The parade given by the smart set ofNewport was a Sunday school meetiagcompared to this parade, accordingto tnose who viewed it from bedroomwindows.Shot by His Own Wolf Trap.Wilber, Neb. Arthur Krauter, afarmer near here, was shot by hisown spring gun wolf trap. He waatrying to drive a calf Into his barnand accidentally stumbled over thetrap, kicking the bait Both barrelsof the gun were discharged Into hisfeet and legs. More than 80 shotsers removed later. -Snperior Endures. Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us for our Free Superior Literature ft wUlpost you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etc.Superior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. Insist onSuperior.Union Trust BuOdin?, Cincinnati, O.Justus Collins, President.The Superior Portland Cement Co-5?jC32w5W.SOLD BYStivers Lumber Co.Paris, Ky.91TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for fall and Winter a StrictlyAH-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsfeds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily ?20cour Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from$7.50, $10, $12.50, $15, $18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at S4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, $3.50.Those rcugh,.fussy harry Hats, $2, 2.50, 3.Full line of Kawes Van Gal 3 Shces.Monarch ond Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns,'lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.emJR&S9JK ;rXf -SL JJ.&Kczy'mum"We tell vouhow, and pay belt marketprices. We are dealers; establishedin 1830; and can do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Louisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL d, SONS227-29-31 &33 L Market St.. LOUISVILLE, XY.Dealers in FURS, HIDES, WOOL.KENTUCKY TACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route'Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.Mary B. Clsy are requested to settleat once. Those having claims willplease have same proprely proven according to law and present them forpayment to the undersigned.S. BROOKS CLAY,Administrator.A Burglar's Awful Deed.may not paralyze a home so completely as a mother's long illness.But Dr. King's New Life Pills are asplendid remedy for women. "Theygave me wonderful benefit in constipation and female trouble," wroteMrs. M. 0. Dunlap, of Leadill, Tenn.If ailing try them. 25c at Oberdorfer'sParis Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p.m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,LexingtoD and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as iaras Lexington.State of Ohio, City of Toledo. )Lucas County. )Frank J. Cheney makes oath thathe is senior member of the fjrm of F.J. Cheney & Co., doing business inthe city of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin ray presence this 6th day of December, A. D.. 18S0.,Q,n ' A. W, GLEASON,J Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken inteivnally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation, iGEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Crs leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from f a", muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and ll p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone, 309.Cutting.The Thin One "And do you reallyroll around the floor once a day, forthe sake of losing a few pounds? Wonder what would happen if I triad it?"The Fat One "Oh, you'd just cut thcamet" Puck.MU!:Y!' JI 1tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, NOV. 21, 1911.rflJi .'.1 1IRoyUjlBAKING-rOWDEAbsolutely PurMakes Home Baking EasyNo other aid to the housewifeis so great, no other agent souseful and certain in makingdelicious, wholesome foodsThe only Baking Powdermade fromRoyal Grape Cream of TartarHo Alum No Lime PhosphatesmSure That Fish Are Fresh.Fish for Copenhagen as soon ascaught are put into barges with sievedike bottoms, and so are sold alive in-the market, delivered fresh and flapping out of tank wagons, at a nominaliprice.Use Leisure Time Wisely. fBind together your spare hours bythe cord of some definite purpose and:you know not how much you may ac'Complish. A man is commonly eithersnade or marred for life by the usehe makes of his leisure time. Taylor,Journalism.Friend Did you write that editorialadvocating pie for breakfast?Editor (wearily) Yes. The business manager's wife wants to breakinto the social set of the president ofthe pie trust! Puck.Moral In Evolution.The history of evolution Is one longrecord of victory in the face of apparently insuperable obstacles. Man isman because he is ever doing the impossible or that which seems such toweakness and folly. Rev. W. E. i.monds. rorMVmPatrolman Link's EffectiveWork.Patrolman Fred Link has been exceptionally busy the past few daysand succeeded in bringing three violators to justice, all of whom were inthe courts yesterday and in each instance they drew fines or jail sentences. L. P. Atkinson, a foremanof a construction crew on the L. & N.,came to town from down the road Friday and imbibed freely, became boisterous nnd was locked up by PatrolmanLink. He was given his liberty andcontrary to his promises to sober uptook on a few more and Saturdaymorning woke to find himself behindthe bars. Atkinson had on his persona large sum of money which was takenfrom him when he was jailed and uponhis promises to appear in Police Courtyesterday morning was again givenhis liberty. In Police Court yesterdaymorning he faced two charges ofdrunkenness and disorderly conductand drew two fines amounting in theaggregate to $35.Wm. Garrett, colored, was placedunder arrest by Patrolman Link Saturday night. Garrett ran amuck onSycamore street, where he was f ounaby the officer. He was armed with aclub with which he used upon anotherof his color with telling effect, a pistoland a badge sent out from the American Detective Agency. The latter hethought would pull him through histrouble and it was displayed to thearresting officer, and claimed he hadno authority to arrest him. In spiteof his protests Garrett .was lodged injail and yesterday morning JudgeJanuary assessed a fine of $27.50against the would-be sluth for carrying concealed weapons.Patrolman Link executed a cleverpiece of detective work yesterdaywhen he worked out the robbery ofGeo. Rassenfoss' bakery which occur-red Saturday Dight. An entrance wasI effected to the store and the intrudercarried off a large quantity of goods..Jim Paton, an ex-convict, who wasemployed in the bakery was suspcetedand Officer Link traced the goods tothe negro suburb of Claysville and'placed Paton under arrest. In thecounty court Squire Fretwell gavePaton sixty days in jail at hard laborfor the offense and assessed a .fine of$2U and costs for breach of the " peace,I . :Whistler's Sarcasm.James McNeil' Whistler is said onceto have confronted Oscar Wilde atttp height of the aesthetic movementwith Du Maurler, who was satirizing the Postlethwaites In Punch withall his might, and to have genially Inquired: "Which of you two Inventedthe other?" miT'zr,' .iri.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Gaery Bay a Bargain Bay at Our Storeiteadily IncreasingBaldnessIs proof that the public appreciate the right."3or of footwear we sell, and the way we' ' : rsell them'If you arar-eady to select your Winter footwear, in justice to yourself,, seeour wonderful exhifciti&f iiigi gr.ade Footwear, including all tbe apuroved stylesof the season. ,Ttlou will find here Shoes that are made of the best materials azid workmanship,at prices' that-no other store is in sl position to offer you for like quality..Ladies' and growing girlsShoes, school heels, latest style toes in.Ptentuid Gun Metal,$2.50 value, SpecialS1.99We ihaye a. splendid;orimeD Qf high-gradelsaSr.s' Tan Button Shoe"and Bootees at a great( saving.ig. Huntingy offi-WlnOOiAndHigh Cuts a specialtyWhen you go huntingbuy a pair of our waterproof Shoes. We guarantee to save you money.We are Headquartersfor Boys' and Girls' Winter Footwear.Children's high-top but- $ton School Shoes; in GuruMetal and Patent, sizes;8 1-2 to 11.$2.00 value, Special$1.49Same in Misses' sizes.11 1-2 to 2, $1.74.Men's latest style toesyTan and Gua Metal, button and lace.Special $1.99msMmm inl n.i. I, mRubber Footwear Retailed at Wholesale PricesDAN336 Main Streetm mKBBamMBParis, Kentucky.NAt The Big Eleclric Sign,Miss Anna Conway is visiting relatives in Paris.The infant son of Mr. and Mrs.Mack Jones is improving.Rev. W. M. Weir has returned aftera two weeks' sojourn in Missouri.Mr. R. L. Tarr left Monday for afew days' business trip in Cincinnati.Miss Edith Mayll. of Paris, was theguest of her cousin, Miss Ethel Johnson, this week.Mr. Lee Brown, of Cincinnati, armed Friday as the guest of his mother,Mrs. Hettie Brown and family.Miss E. D. Giltner, of Bourbon College, Paris, was the guest of Mrs. CB. Smith Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. Rhodes and little daughter, ofHelena, were guests of Mrs. E. M.Thomason Saturday and Sunday.Mrs. James McCarthy, of Paris,was the guest of her aunt, Mrs. Russell Mitchell, Sunday and Monday.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Sheeler spentFriday with their daughter, MrsCommodore Grinnell, at Cynthiana.Mr. Wallace Shannon and littledaughter, Natalie, of Louisville, arrived Friday as guests of Mr. ThomasMcClintock and family.Mr. C. H. Jones and family havemoved to their country home just completed from the property of Mrs. A.J. Lamb on Vimont street.Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Clarke will leaveabout December 1 for Florida wherethey will spend the winter. Mr. G. S.Allen and Mr. R. L. Tarr and familywill go later.Mr. U. S. G. Pepper left yebterdayfor Brooksville where he will attenathe funeral of his mother-in-law, Mrs.Biackerby, today. Mrs. Blackerbydied at an early hour Sundav morning.It will be remembered that Mr?. Pepper was called to her bedside severaldays ago.Mrs. W. M. Becraft dud Sundayevening at eight o'clock ?t Jacksonville, 111. Mrs. Becraft left her :homeabout two weeks ago with her daughter, Mr. J. T. Jefferson, to visit relatives at that point. A few days agoshe was stricken witfc & severe attKkof pneumonia. Her husband, Mr. W.M. Becraft, a daughter-in-law, Mrs.W. R. Becraft, of Paris, left Sundayat 3:45 for her bedside Mrs. Becrafthad passed away before they reache'dher She is sruvived by her husband,one son, Mr. W. R. Becraft, of Parisand one daughter, Mrs. J. T. Jefferson, of Millersburg.Mr. J. T. Jefferson left yesterdayafternoon to attend the funeral whichwill be held in Jacksonville Wednesday. The young ladies of Miss Walker'sexpression claBS gave the populardrama, "A Girl's Secret," at the M.F. C. chapel Saturday evening. Theentertainment has been lookedward to for some time, hencechapel began filling early and bytime the curtain went up, most ofavailable space of the vast auditoriumwas filled. The piece is a three actdrama, the scene of which is laid in aboarding school. The characters wereall well selected and each young ladydid her part in an admirable manner.It was unquestionably the best prepared work of the kind ever put on theM. F. C. stage. The enunciation ofeach of the young ladies was perfectand every word could ba clearly understood in the chapel, the acoustic properties cf which are not good. Theprogram between acts, which wasmade up of music and reading, gavethe work a pleasing variety. This isthe first time Miss Walker's class hasappeared before the public in dramaticwork. She certainly ha3 gocc1 material, whiuh show they have taken theirtraining nicely all of which reflectrgeat credit upon thfiir preceptress.Miss Walker will probably put onanother piece in December.forthe thetheThanksgiving Services.The Union Thanksgiving services ofthe Paris churches will be neld at theBaptist church on Thanksgiving Day.ifev. Simms, of the Methodist church,will preach the sermon.Preaching at Spears7 Mil!.Rev E. M.Lightfoot, pastor of theParis Baptist church.will preach everynight this week at the Spears MillChapel. The chapel, which was onlyrecently completed at a cost of $1,000,will be dedicated on Sunday, November 26. with appropriate exercises.Paris Defeats Normal Eleven.Although they were outweighed atevery point the Paris High School football team defeated tne Normal Schooleleven at Richmond Friday afternoon,winning by a score of & to 0, in one ofthe prettiest contests for the localboys this season. The High Schoclteam put up a brilliant defense andworked their way into the enemj'sterritory after a series- of hard struggles. Every member of the Paristeam starred in his position and deserved more credit than, can be bestowed upon them by achieving such a victory over superior weight. Amburgy,fullback for the Richmond team, suffered an injury to his iback while twoothpr members were forced to retireon account of injuries.Stronghold of Wasps.An extraordinary nest of wasps wasdiscovered lately on the Bedfordshire(Eng.) estate of Lord Ampthill, wherea man, using three wire wasp traps,has 'caught over 4,000 wasps. The nestconsisted 'of six tiers, which stoodsix nnd a half inches high, and measured eight and a half inches across.The cells contained grubs and youngwasps in different stages of growth.MATRIMONIAL.Mr. C. H. Mullikin and, Mrs. ElsieHarry, both of Covington, came toParis yesterday and secured a marriage license. They were united in marriage by Squire L. J. Fretwell in hisoffice in the court house.Miss Evelyn Hickman, of Lexington, and Mr. W. . E. Henry, of th:scity, were unitpd in marriage in theformer city, at the residence of theofficiating minister. Elder I. J. Spencer at 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon.Miss Hickman is a popular youngwoman of that city, and was employedas stenographer and bookkeeper at thestore of V. Bogaret. Mr. Henry is avalued employe of the Louisville &Nashville railroad, a young man ofsterling qualities with a host offriends.3 The couple left Lexington for ashort bridal trip and will return thisevening to Paris where they will maketheir future home.Didn't Trouble Her Long.Miss Malaprop. in returning fromher first automobile ride, said thatthe constant osculation troubled her alittle at first, but that she soon gotused to it.Do Away With the Blues.Well, now, when all is said anddone, after you recovered from thatlast fit of blues, did it do you, oranyone else, any good to have it'?Make that last fit the last one.Box Supper Success.A box supper wis given at fKiaertonSchool house on. Saturday night fortiia Vipnpfit nf the school. A largecrowd was present and the supper netted $67.60. Miss Rida Thornton, teacher, assisted by the young iaay pupns,entertained those present very delightfully. Col. Mason Forsyth acted asauctioneer. It Jwaa a very enjoyableaffair.Bronco Is Unbroken.Bronco means simply an unbrokenhorse, be It thoroughbred or mongreLMost think them a bad, sorry breedas compared to old English thoroughbreds and dray stocks. Let us thinknot, for the wild horses themselveswere thoroughbred Spanish and Arabian once upon a time.LOST.In Paris or between Paris and FrankP. Clay's residence on the Georgetownpike a brown fur muff. Libreal rweardfor its return to this office or17 3t MRS. SAM CLAY.FOR SALE.Latest Improved No. 5 Oliver Typewriter. Only used short time. Willsell cheap for cash. Inquire at Newsoffice. 17 3tfw-W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings ForWhole Family at Reasonable Prices,ZjIWe suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured Ring.Here is a ring that is so good that ifc is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i; telling over forty million people about it.The f oason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. 16 is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmost confidence. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy of a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,$5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,m "The House of Quality." ftM. Both Phones. MMte $ITor TIMESKa&ZtL--tJj&mi mi twi .eQTTkmUHL rapPTI AnH, by tffoHStandard AatrTwdV:xXXCopyright 1910,SHOULD sickness come, or an accident occur, are vouprepared to provide the extra money required at sucha time? If not, why take chances? Are you prepared for the unexpected? Provide for the emergency byZ having money in the bank.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts Ji DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS, IIa.Capital $1 00000$Surplus $30,000P V wr w 1 1 m mJ J IIStrive Always for Higher Things.Sad will be the day for any manwhen he becomes contented with thethoughts he is thinking and the deedshe is doing when there is not foreverbeating at the door3 of hi& soul somegreat desire to do something largerwhich he knows that he was meantand made to do. PhttUps Brooks.19'3, . . ! nw'figfiiBtfi' nAwrfeNL 'i.ifi.bg' i .;s -.1 flMNHi flBHKl OKI 2SBHWBSO m