yiSjr -- jta,- ?THE BOURBON NEWSa! ' PUBLISHED EVERY. TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR .-..&.1jrJVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 29, 1911.1 --K -jrtwimmmmummmmmmmmaiamm&mmmmmaimmmmmmrmmmmmmmmmmaammmmmmmmmmmmBmmammtmaBKmmBimBBmmBmmmKmmrJWiB&$$Mw&Wk4CrsSSelily specials !At TheSIMONDep't Store,Thursday, Aug. 31,10c Embroideries at Half-Price--5cents per yd.Sale Begins 9 a. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTF-A new line of Ladies Raincoatsand Misses' Rain Capes just received.MiflHHiiMHB. s'u? Ji"s'55fei, nnAnnV.BfcM UKVUKU&Cost Least At The Robneel9-16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar $1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes ?-10Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50Blueing, 2 boxes 05Best Gun powder Tea, per pound. : 75Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, pei;, pound-. ,,.50Full Quart Can Karo Syrup . . pmZ- . TlOBrooms, 5-Tie 25Five Gallons Best Oil 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. O. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,JL. Z -JL &.. "41 Fil I CHII?Tt ffm rtbb infi mn m r tm m n. ih h n mt m w h n v xrieaahMa"We. Are Showing All the NewShirts for Fall.The Fountain at $lJThe Price Shirt at $1.50W Fancy Patterns, with Collar tomatch, at $1.25Price & Co.,Clothiers.THE MAN ABOUT TOWN.rA handsome and attratctive womanstrolled into the office of one of ourleading physicians a few days ago,armed with a note that had passed thedate of maturity, the last paymentupon an article purchased by thephysician."Good morning," greeted thephysician, with his usual courtesy,"what can I do for you?""Quite well," replied the lady sternly, "I have a note which is dua andhave come for payment.""What, "replied the physician, scanning the slip of paper that had beenhanded him closely, "Why, I've paidthat and here's a receipt from yourcompany," and forthwith produced areceipt in full.bNo such a thing; that receipt s nogood and I am here to insist upon animmediate settlement of this note,"said the lady in angry tones whichcompletely took the physician off hisguard and he backed into a corner.Overcoming the excitement of themoment he "come back" with the retort: "Well, you've got all that'scoming to you ""Nothing of the sort," exclaimedthe feminine creature.Smack ! and there was an impressionof a small right hand UDon the leftcheek of the doctor."Wow," shrieked the doctor.. Theunearthly yell threw the occupants ofthe Elks building In a state of excitement, and Bob Spencer grabbed abung starter and made for the frontdoor, expecting trouble.Smarting under the sting of theblow the doc.or rushed into an adjoining room to -the telephone and gavethe crank a vicious turn."Number?" came from the centraloffice."Gimme 13 central, and be quickabout it too," were the words wnichwent over the wire."Fire?" asked central sweetly.mmI)w"No. no, 13 quick, I must havethem imediately, don't keep me waiting, can't you see I'm in an awfulhurry. (Excited tones'.)"Dynamite explosion?" calmlyquestioned the operator."Dynamite, fire, hell no, worse;thir (Click! Buzz!) Hello, hello,is this the fire department?" qureiedthe doctor."Yes, this is the fire department,came from the other end of the line."What's wanted?""Chief klgin, Link or any of theother cops there?" came in excitedwords."Yes, this is Elign," was the reply."Elgin, yes, yes; well, you'll do,Wwyou're the fellow I want. Come quick,down to my office. Don't wait a"minute for I'm greatly in need of yournrutection. No de ." Bing, upI. went the receiver and the police chiefJ wore a puzzled look.J "Wonder who that could have been,"was his soliloquy. "Must have beenEph January," and he put in a call forthe police judge."N,ot me," was the answer to the! police chief's query after he had, secured the police judge. Now the'physician in question is making hisrounds with a Grump hammer knocking tho. police force because he couldiP6..&not get police protection.Immense Stock Wall Paper.Big variety of wail paper to selectfrom, and it must be sold. Bargainsfor you. Get ready for the fair.J. T. HINTON.?sA.;Death May 'Result from Fall.Miss Marv Dow Ray. who fell fromifo ' a Ferris wheel at the Ewing fair whenW , a critical condition as a result of theiff fall and may not recover, according toJK information received by Mrs. J. MorMf gan Brown. Mrs. Brown is an aunt oftfif Miss Ray, who has been unconscioussince the accident.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Gahal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldbaths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfReady lor Use.Use no salt, soda, sour milk or baking powders. Carr's Superior PatentFlour does the work. For sale by25 2t BRAMBLETTE & T;ARR.Fine Bunch of Cattle Sold.Mr. T. B. Guest, of Urbana, Ohio,bought Saturday of W. H. Renick 55of tne best cattl e that will go to theOhio River thia year. The bunchaveraged l.Ohu pounds and brought$5.50 per hundred, Mr. Guest saidit was the finest bunch of feedershe had seen this year.smAt2&Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet and rug store ifyou want something nice at reasonableprice?. Large stock to pick from. Noshop-worn patterns all new.J. T. HINTON.w';!v:Rain Helps Break Drouth.Beginning early Friday morning andcontinuing throughout the day theBlue Grass section was favored bygood showerd of rain and the longdrouth of the past several weeksseems to be at least retarded. Theram was general throughout this section of the State and served as a greatrelief to the growing crops and vegetation which have suffered much fromthe long continued dry spell. The rainbegan falling at 1 o'clock Fridaymorning and during Vthe day a gentlerain fell interspersed with heavyshowers at intervals.-5bj.$vvfvAtmmsJa.3wm$e.mmarflsWm3k"WE KNOW HOW"STRAWHALFWe are selling our entire line of Straw Hats andPanamas at half-price. Plain Straws. Rough Strawand Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowds, all Shapes and Styles,Come in and buy a hat that will keep your headcool during this hot month, and it will cost you butvery little.Look For The New StoreMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men!icu tiiuuii i iiiiu jlti illiiixi iiiiii iiiiiiu u iiniiiii i mini iiiFRANK & CO. 1The Store Where Reliability Reigns.REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles inLAWNSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at 10 and J 2 J -2c a yard1 1iFallTewotviesat J0 andj.SUMMER SLIPPERSWe have Just received several of the very newest stylesin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede atJ .95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pair.Remnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,Calicoes, Etc., all at Big Reductions.hiFrankParis, -iMcnnuuiiiiiiu iiiiiiiMrii:i:uiii!iiii liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiuiKVXWWh-IiMATS ATPRICEryParis, Kentuckyiiiihii iiiiiiuri iiuiiii iiiiiiiuii iiiinuMinuiiniiiiiiiinirnimirGinim Lressiams12 J -2c yard.& Co.- KentuckyliiiiiiniiiinurjJiJajLijLiiiiiMiiniiiniriiiiiiiMniiiiiiiM'Liiiiyij:htlT.fKiwis &mVA2w j7vw nt.v rZi-S-,,, ,C .ZZZ7Z: MJMriTMUMTXX-lMJJUU:.... !.! ii mumiuimiui'iiirniiir n :i' i i i I ' ? -- " ' ' -- ' - -e mm i iTHEBtkjRBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 29, 1911.Wt'HHEI:'1 11J.rI B5li'lt, Roofs put on over twenty years ago are as good asJ w3ftoWi& 6 new today. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.WmZnR ORIGINALITYVilli kVTT "' mW9BfjjliSrin ffS&ff''Treasonable, "Vby, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.I Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NOME BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. JIdams Son,142 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THEJ 1rmr? irx-A-rv iVAxssf.rs- V' S-r. 'J.t, - -- r,, -V -o'-'l.lV A Vif U u" v ii "x $i I'm1' Mik BSHf.W.W &'Sg&.LOWEY & TALBOTTParis, KZen.t"ULck:vfo'fo0fofofofofofofofofofoBourbonDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbonillwk L Jfmf v-nx Ir xZZ!3B81Paris,Kentucky.foK -f- jr.. jr.jr,jr.jr.,0'.Jr...yFirst Street Traruays.Street tramways were first openedat London in 1861.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many Inquiriesla.tely regarding Eczema and other-kin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found that. simple wash of Oil of Vintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D.f can be reeled upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends and-neighbors unless we were sure of itnd although there are many so-called-Eczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that It gives !n--tantrelief to that torturing Itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Becauge It cleanses, soothes andfeeals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairtke ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop iato our store today, just totalk over yourcase yttk us.rG. S. Vardeu & Son, -"t . - 'amd SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are DisplayedIn Our Work.vl?i individuality distinguishes our 3fonuments from all otliers. while prices areGARDENis a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand fo make work easy. Comeand get atr-'outfit. It will helpfjyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. HiLaundry a;Office Opp. Postoffice.fofoA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Givelib a trial order. You'll notregret it.fLaundry,SfMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.' LIQUID CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILS 5In regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Dcmj't imprison the disease germs Inyour skin by the use of greasy salvea,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other Ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thscure, and give ycu instant relief. ,G. S. Varen & Son.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice aa Second-claas Mail Matter.Established in J 88 J 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR, - - - 5S.00Payable inNegro Burned by Mob.While 3,000 men, women and childenstood by, shouting their approval,Peter Carter, a negro, who Hadpreviously been captured by threemembers of his own race, and identified as the man who attacked Mrs. Minnie Spraggins, wife of a farmer, wasburned to death on a brush pile in theMain street of Purcell, Okla., Fridayafternoon.Deputy Sheriff Hayes and UnderSheriff Farris.who attempted to rescuethe negro from the crowd were overpowered and locked jip in the courthouse.New Comet Will Soon be VisibleThe new'comet recently discoveredby Dr. William R. Brooks, ot HobartCollege, and named by him the BrooksComet, has become so bright as to beseen with opera galsses or small telescope, and will soon be visible to thenaked eye. The comet is now inconstellation Cygnus, about three degrees north of Alpha, the lop star inthe Northern Cress, directly overheadin the early evening. Motion is northwest. Dr. Brooks says the comet iscoming nearer and will continue togrow brightet for several weeks'.Cross of Honor Conferred onNephew.In the presence of the Ibody of hisdead uncle. Rev. Father Thomas P.Major, former Catholic priest and exConfederate veteran, Stewart Auld, ayouth of Indianapolis, had conferredon him Thursday the Cross of Honorwhich had been earned by FatherMajor for his distinguished serviceswith General Morgan's command.The ruie of the descent of the Crossof Honor is that it goes from theveteran to Ins eldest son, but in thiscase young Auld was the only suriingmale member of Father Major'sfamily. The impressive service wasperformed in accordance with FatherMajor's wish, and by the Confederateveterans of Franklin county. -Stole $6,200, Giving All to thePoor.Richard Parcharz, of Brooklyn, N.Y., was sent to the Tombs for onemonth last week "on a conviction forgrand larceny in the second degree.Parharz can be sentenced to severalyears imprisonment, but it is thoughthe will.not be punished after staying amonth in prison. He has a wife andthree chilrden. The difendantstole56,200 of . his firm's money in fouryears to gain honor for himself, spending all the money on the poor and orphans. ,Some of his friends paid backpart of the sum and the firm, withwhich he was employed, will take himback to work out the remainder.Second Only to the Bible.Shelton's translation of "Don Quixote" apprared In 1608. Besides this,six ethers, more or less complete,were published in England before theend of the eighteenth century. TheBible only has been more widely diffused. Barrel Gong.As a change from the Oriental gongand the one composed of pipes thereis the barrel gong. This is made ofbrass in the form of a small barrel,and when struck with the felt hammeremits a deep, rich sound, much likea bell. Each end is tuned to a different pitch, while a round disk of brassset in the top sends forth still anothersound.Quails are Plentiful." There is'good news for the huntersthis year. The 'doves and quail aremore numerous this year than in anyrecent year, according to Uhe reportsof farmers and hunters who have beenout into the country. And this is truearound the big towns of the State,too. Many farmers report the meadowsl filled with quail. Another thingbad for the crops but good for thequail is the grasshoppers which areunusually thick. The young birdtthrive and grow fat on grasshoppers.The farmers are glad to have quail,and nearly everyone is careful'tnat theoirds'are well protected on his farm.Quail are great destroyers of insectsand save the farmers thousands ofdollars every season. The dry weather, according to the hunters and farmers, is the cause of the unusual number t.f quail. The birds build theirnests on the ground in clumps ofweeds and grass. Many quails aredrowned just after being hatched or !even Defore if there should be an un-jusual amount of rain. The dry weath- ier came just as thp quail and doveswere hatching out, and the rain. stayedaway long enough to allow the 'littleones to grow large enough to take careef themselves. At many points Jfarmers report larger ccveys of quailthan they had seen in recent years.Twenty quail in K covey are not unusual. Quail can only be shot duringtie six wetk3 followingJNovember 1",-.fld mf hunting as allowed jjst priorto November 15.NO. 320-MAIN STREET.- Editor and Ow erSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M.JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof Madison,For Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS.WO RTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFqr RepresentativeS. G. CLAY$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone areaaea disease than science hasbeen able to cure in all its staphs. andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternitv. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly upon the blood andmucous surfaces of the svsfcem.'f-.hnrp-by destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patientstrengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressP. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo. OSold by druggists ?5c.Take Hall's Family Pills for const;pation.Wanted a Whole One.Bobbie saw some puppies for sale."How much are they, Mr. Brown?"he politely asked. "Two dollarsapiece," replied Brown. "But I don'twant a piece I want a whole dog," Jexplained Bobbie.Still Adolescent.At the age of three Janet was anenthusiastic student of entomology.One day she discovered a caterpillarfor herself, a very tiny one. "Oh,come here!" she called. "Here's acaterpillar, the cutes't little thing!It's a kittenpillar!" Woman's HomeCompanion.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," wrlteaMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw;N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thiagreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son. .. " -SSrv. CSTheself regardless of digestion and nutrition. He might almost as well eat shavings for all the good he gets out of his food. - The result is that the stomachgrows "weak" the action of the organs of digestion and nutrition are impairedand the man suffers the miseries of dyspepsia and the agonies of nervousness.To strengthen the stomach, restore the activity of the orans of digestion and nutrition and brace up the nerves,use Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It is an unSailing remedy, and has the confidence of physicians aswell as the praise of thousands healed by its use.( o. the strictest sense "Golden Medical Discovery" is a temperance medicine. It contains neither intoxicants nor narcotics, and is as free from alcoholas froin opium, cocaine and other dangerous drugs. All ingredients printed onits outside wrapper.Don't let a dealer delude you for his own profit. There is no medicine forstomach, liver and blood "just as good" as "Golden Medical Discovery."GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHOOTSS DAY 137; NIGHT 399.S2flD&c3bEiS3fe;leS&SS5J5)-Sa!!g"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryDodson & D ntonPARIS, KY.QgQ&SggXfegSSgPogyEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Xittle Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service you $HAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedIIIUIATI81Cured by the MarvelJ of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure;r3otonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Snnp.3 3:nt free by writing Blood:- n d . Atlanta, Ga. Describevvii trcuoie nd free medical advicegi on. z 1:1 by Varden & Son.Shows lllumfiiatlon Progress.Munich has a museum in which thgdevelopment, of illumination from thepine splinter of centuries ago to themost modern electrical devices maybe studied.Falls Victim to Thieves.S Sends, of Coal City, Ala.,hasa lUStlflahlft crriAVnnno T.r H.Jstole his health for twelve years.Thevft!ftNeWiiLife Pills tattledthem. He's well now. Unrivaled ioconstipation, malaria, headache dspepsia. 25o at OberdorferVTenderfoot FarmerIt was one of these experimental farmers, who put greeaspectacles on his cow and fed her shavings. His theorywas that it didn't matter what the cow ate so long as shewas fed. The questions of digestion and nourishment hadnot entered into his calculations.It's only a "tenderfoot" farmer that would try suchan experiment with a cow. But many a farmer feeds him")and be satisfied.Professional CardsJ J. WIILIAMS,ATTORNE Y-AT-LAW .iloom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.JRnnk LanghomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tf East Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpIStairsOverVarden's Drug Store:Prices The Cheapest-TR. A. H "RnRf.T.TP.I?J Practicing Physician,Offices,'Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gPayi8' - KentuckyfegftHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You ai e m xt.M. A. KHAL.hfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ENTUCKY,. AUGUST 29, 1911,awmfmimfifmsED . -frJ&2JV9-." ' ' fr i-XiaaBSHaiaaHlHaY J4sl AHM!4Bv4MIGHT LETTERGRAM llMiwmmMrttMrflaiaM-a- CoJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!The Postaljelegxaph-Cabla Cwtfany Qnoqrptraftd) franssiifts and fcfivtfstWs right kttefc'aiijtfjct Itui 1M111& um yaimiuoHS pniutu vn uioac ui uiis Diasn.v RECEIVED ATDELlVEy NO.5:93 de, Bu.148'-Eai& "Mghtl Ie.tte8H S75'JCCf P J5I.Detroit-: (Mich. Au, '0t 19111 IK.aVCLARENCE H. MACKAY. PRCVIOCIIT. WBi mmmmmmmmammaSmm&ammmlmMiltJiTRE JQB RGOfflS OFiTHEBHRB0NNEWSAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such, asJ?LilIBERS TOEffTY again maae clean sweep' 'awarded 'first and!second all tke prizes there were In her iass in .ten days "reriafcilit1run Minneapolis to Helena Montana.- -Hardest iaontest :any rfgfrt car)iever entered one thousand three hundred ninety miXes .oyer mountainand plains worst roads in America antf rained "most etfery .Say muff huhPeep rjIhe two FLiUDSRS were only cars In her class ;to finish withperfect" scores and only one other car of any price 'a inarmoh $2700.'finished perfect.. Cars penalized included pa"card st"oddard-daytanbtot-detroit ampler masrell cole "fcpi'f hupmoMle nd oter 'Small iry$Shis ris second great victory for ffLMLERS "TWSSTf 'in a month otherrWas three perfect road scores in Iowa little glidden no btHer '$800.bar on earth can stand up with 'FIMDERS TWEHTY in hard road wor jand '-'in this latest contest she went- "out. "of her class and trimmed "the fourthousand dollar fellow3.BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.g Bourbon Garage & Supply ComS "THE KING'S CHAMPION.1 Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.We SOTLESEEft CORPORATION&-M-P FaotoYieVT53157 aEfiKtr-v'rCorner Fourth and High Streets Paris, Kentucky.jChe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year fort , s$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.UWiiinuniiUUaWestminster Hall, Where His Challenge Used to Be Uttered."Westminster hall, in London, wasbuilt originally by King William Rufus (105G-1100) and tradition goes thatthe oak of its ceilings was broughtfrom the forest of Shillelagh, in Ireland, timber which possessed peculiarproperties rendering it hateful to spiders and their webs. Richard II.transformed the hall. Leaving the oldwalls standing, he buttressed themstrongly and raised over, them themagnificent roof of oak which is stillextant and intact. It is ninety-twofeet high. The length of the hall is290 feet, its breadth sixty-eight feetIt was large enough for mounted mento enter in order to challenge any whowould dispute the rightsy of the king,a ceremony that is quaintly describedas follows on the occasion of the coronation of Richard III. and Queen Annein 1483:"In the afternoone the King andQueene entered the hall, and the Kingsate in the midle, and ye Queene on yeleft side of the table, and on everyside of her stoode a Countesse, holding a cloth of Pleasance when shelisted for to drink. And on the righthand of ye King sate ye Archbishopof Canterbury. The ladyes sate all onone side in ye midle of the hall, andat the table against them sate theChancellor and all the Lords. And atthe table next the cupboard sate yeMayor of London. At the second course came into ye hall Sr. Robert Dimmock, the King's Champion,making Proclamacion that whoeverwould say that King Richard was notlawfull King, he would fight with himat the utterance, and threw down hisgauntlett, and then all the hall cryedKing Richard."And then one brought him a cuppof wine covered, and when he haddrunk he cast out the drinke and departed with the cupp. At theend of the dinner the Mayor of London served the King and Queene with,sweete wine, and had of each of thema cupp of gold and a cover of gold.And by that time that all was done, itwas darke nighte, and so the King returned to his chamber, and every manto his lodging."The last time that the hall was thescene of the challenge of the king'schampion was at the coronation ofGeorge IV.is called "the bell with the wail of achild in its voice." "When first castthe bell sounded with a harsh andcracked note, and the superstitious emperor, fearing an ill omen, consultedwith his magicians. These gentlemenheld a long confab and finally statedthat the bell would never sound rightuntil a live child was given to it Themass was then melted again, and alive baby was thrown into the moltenmetaL The wail of agony uttered bythe little tot as the bronze engulfedit seemed to be repeated ever timethe bell was tolled, and today theKoreans still claim that the wail of achild can be heard in the voice of themetal.But She Wasn't Satisfied.Lady Jekyll, who was fond of puzling herself and others with such questions as had" been common enough ageneration before her, in the days ofthe "Athenian Oracle," asked WilliamWhiston of berimed name and eccentric memory, one day at her husband'stable, to resolve a difficulty which occurred to her in the Mosaic accountof the creation."Since it pleased God. sir." she said,"to create the woman out of the man,why did he form her out of the ribrather than any other part?"Whiston scratched his head and answered: "Indeed, jnadam. I do notknow, unless it behat the rib is themost crooked part of the body.""There," her husband said, "youhave it now! I hope you are satisfied."Southey's Doctor.Vhat She Didn't 'Understand.A Boston girl who was watching afarmer milk a cow adjusted herglasses and said: "It is all very plainexcept that I don't understand howyou turn it off."Have to Learn to Spell.More than half of the youngwomen at Wellesley college havebeen found deficient in ability to spellwell. Six hundred students are togive up their Saturday afternoons aswell as other recitation periods of theweek to drills in orthography.Bell With the Wail of a Child.A queerly -shaped gong which occupies a position of honor in the centerof the city of Seoul, Korea is said tobe one of the largest in the world andColors Warm and Cold.One clear, cold winter's day Benjamin Franklin spread a number ofhandkerchiefs carefully on a levelstretch of snow. One of the handkerchiefs was black, another white andthe others of various colors. Sometime afterward he returned and removed the ban kerchiefs carefully oneby one, measuring the depth of snowunder each. Under the black handkerchief he found that the snow had melted considerably; under a red handkerchief, almost as much; under a bluehankerchief, very little, and under thewhite one scarcely any. By this simpleexperiment he learned that color has agreat deal to do with the warmth ofclothing. White sheds the sun's heatalmost as well as an oilskin shedswater; blue is nearly as heat proof;green is less so; yellow is a warm color,red a still warmer color, while blacksoaks up almost all the sun's heat thatstrikes it Make the experiment sometime and you will see why blackclothes are out of place in the summertime and white ducks in winter.Christian Herald.Experience Boy Will Ramerr.ber.While exploring one of the big disused Martello towers, near Waterfordharbor, Ireland, which was formerlyused for military purposes, a boynamed Charles Cummins had a terrible experience a few days ago.When he pushed open one heavy irondoor it suddenly banged and shut onhis fingers. In agony, he shouted forhelp, but he was kept a helplessprisoner all night, and till late nextmorning, when he was rescued by apasser by.Medicine In Asia Minor.Most of the people living in thevillages and towns of Asia Minorknow nothing about remedies of any?kind, except the few made of roots-and herbs growing nearby, and aphysician's services are rarely calledfor; consequently the mortalityamong the people Is very great Intthe larger cities and communities onthe main roads there are many physicians.The Report Sarcastic."That new family next door borrowed our cax again this morning," hiswife told Jones."Well, why did you lend it to them,"he complained."How could I help it?""You might havi given them somekind of an excuse."Mrs-. Jones waxed sarcastic."Yes," she snapped. "I might havetold them that you were going to useit or some other crazy, impossiblething." Youngstown Telegram.Pavilion Is Kaiser's Design.Over the fountain Augusta Victoriasat Hamburg is to be built a paviliontafter the style of a Roman temple.This has been designed by the German emperor, who has also composedthe following inscription for thefountain: "Nymph, dispense the healing waters to the sick; may God restore them, cured and rejoicing, totheir families."Icelanders' Groves.In so cold a climate as Iceland theglove must be put off or on as rapidlyand easily as possible; so it is madewithout fingers, and in order that notime may be wasted in distinguishingbetween right and left all gloves havetwo thumbs. You simply thrust yourhand into the first glove that comesand your thumb immediately finds itsway. There are, of course, drawbacks in the matter of appearance;for the dangling idle thumb looks ustidy. London Chronicle.The Thunderer's Logographs.Some of the most serious riots recorded in the printing trades occurredin 1814, when the London Times wasfirst printed by steam, and a numberof workmen discharged through thisinnovation sought to wreck the officein Printing House square. Long before this the Times had been printedlogographically that is to say, the proprietor conceived the happy idea ofhaving words cast entire to save thecompositors the trouble of collectingtype. The logographs most in demandwere: Dreadful, robbery, atrocious outrage, fearful calamity, alarming explosion, loud cheers, interesting female. One hundredweight of each ofthese was always kept in stock. Interesting females no longer figure innewspaper reports, but otherwise thecliches of journalism seem to have altered but little. London Chronicle.Killed Two Foxes With One ShotWhile Alexander Thomson, a gamekeeper, was out on Benyvrackie hill,.Perthshire, Scotland, some days ago,he came upon two dog foxes fighting.He fired at the pair, with tk remarkable result that both were killedby the one shotBooks the True University."The true university of these days.says Carlyle, "Is a collection orbooks." The man who is not broughtinto Intimate contact with books iivhis youth, who has not learned to lovethem and how to use them, suffers a.loss which it is almost impossible tomake good.In the- Future.Some years hence the men nowknown as farmers may be referred teaas "the wealthy land owning class,""and cease to be the subjects of special solicitude.Courage and Cewardfot.Pear 'is far more painful to cowardice than deafci to tru co-flraeJi-Sidney.!imV--r;If ?TJ9.--z?-.3Csxzr- owauL-LjuTuiusiMMnMMtMMMTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, 1911..- ."3HiwfcT;n! IH111It1 tfIft unILiPwmiuf?if1"atTHE BOURBON NEWSSWIFT CHAMP, Editor.PARIS, - KENTUCKYJudge O'Rear's Insincerity.Judge O'Rear has never made aspeech since the campaign openedthat he has not questioned the -sincerityof the Democratic candidaets, andthe platform upon which they arestanding He is evidently of theopinionthat if he can get it firmly into the'minds of the voters that he isthe only candidate who is in earnestthat he will gain enough votes therebyto insure his election. It is only necessary to cite one case to prove thatJudge O'Rear has not a sincere bone. .inhis body. Take his humiliatingsurrender to Senator Bradley as anexample.In a speech at Lexington before theRepublican State Convention met hedid not -hesitate to charge kthat the"third house" was guilty of corruptlyinfluencing the election of UnitedStates Senators. He did not mentionBradley's name, but everybody knewhe meant Govrenor Bradley, and it isa matter within the .knwoledge of anumber of people that Bradley calledJudge O'Rear to account for makingthe accusation.? When the RepublicanConvention met and Bradley's widepopularity with Republicans wasshown, as it is always shown in Stateconventions, Judge O'Rear saw thenecessity of placating the real leaderand did it in a way that reflected bothon his courage and his sincerity. Henot only pronounced Bradley "thegreatest living Kentuckian," butassured the delegates that his electionn to the United States Senate waswithout a blot of a stain.When Bradley was elected by recreant Democrats influenced by a corruptlobby Judge O'Rear was on the Courtof Appeals bench and sat day afterday beneath the same roof where thisscandalous conspiracy was carried out.If he did not have personal knowledgeof iiow it was done he was in positiontqihave known what every intelligentperson in Frankfort knew that Bradley) could not have won without a dealwith the lobby that wouldnot bear thelight of day. Judge O'Rear's carreershows that he always keeps his ears toth6 ground and his nose lifted in thedirection of the wind, with an evepeeled for the main chance, and if hedid not see and heat and smell whatwas going on at Frari&fort during thatdisgraceful session which culminate inBradley's election, then he lacks theintelligence and the foresight to beGovernor of Kentucky, and it wouldnot be saf e to truts him in that highoffice for the lobby would steal theState Hocse from under his eyes without his knowledge.Nature Lover's Anniversary.John James Audubon, the naturalist was born May 4. 1782, and theuuwmg, rrom hisextfalns his love forautobiography,all of nature:j-ub productions ofcame mv nTnvmQt,nature soon be-tettmacy with them not consisting ofi ieic tnat an"4CUUbU,P merely, but borderingon-.V.U.?, must accompanythrough life.mystepslears Salary Put Up by Republican. The Louisville Times says that theRepublicans know the need of the"wherewith" for campaign purposesand propose to have a plenty of thelucre to push the4 'great party of morality" along, is shown from the actionof a recent meetnig of the Republicanstate candidates at which thev, uponthe suggestion, it is said, of JudgeO'Rear, the candidate for Governor,agreed to put up a sum equal to ayear's salary that each would receiveif elected to the offices. This wouldbring the sura of $30,410, made up asfollows: Governor. S6.500: Spm-Ptnrvof State, $3,000; Auditor, $3,600:Treasurer, $3,600 ; Attorney General,$4,000 ; Superintendent of Public Intsruction, $2,500 ; Clerk of the Courtof;Appeals, $4,000, and LieutenantGovernor, 710, salary for one term ofthe Legislature as president of theSenate.Why the Earth Was So Named.The name earth is derived from anold verb, "ear," which meant "toplow," and was in use at the time thexjinie was translated underKingJames. Earth signifies,That can be plowed.accordingly,Stout Will Not Oppose Carroll.I Following the meeting of the Democratic Committee for the Fifth Appellate Judicial ditsrict in Lexington Uastweek, positive announcement wasmade by Circuit Judge Robert LStout, of Versailles, that he would notunder any circumstances oppose JudgeJohn D. Carroll, the incumbent, whois already announced for re-election.Jadge Stout's name has been prominently mentioned as a candidate, buthis announcement seta at rest his reported candidacy, and insures a cleartrack, it is beileved, for the renomination of Judge Carroll.Judge Stout said that he had beenmeh gratified over the tender of support fro his friends in various sac& of the district, but that hisphysical condition is such as to pre--ctadearduous canvassing, .even werebe diapoaed to get into the race, andzee mis reason he would not opposeJdce Carroll. Tjwagh far from be' ig a well mat, Judge Stout ig muchiMprovel in health and is back o theeoh with his old time vigor.DEATHS.Mrs. J. T. McCauley, Sr., agedseventy-two years, died at the home ofher husband in Cynthiana Thursday.She was formerly iMiss Spillman, ofBourbon county, and has been marriedtwice, her first husband wan Mr. Holt.To that union two suns survive, 'JohnHolt, of Cynthiana, and Owen Holt, ofDakota. Of the latter marriage herhusband and five children survive, D.owMcCauley, Mrs. Luther Masiin, ofHarrison county; Harry McCauley,Mrs. Harry Maffett and Miss NancyMcCauley, of Cynthiana. The funeralwas held from the residence Fridayafternoon, conducted by the Rev.Messrs. W. E. Ellis and S. H. Burgess. Mrs. McCaulev ,was a memberof a well-to-do family, her husbandwas a prominent farmer. Mr. McCauley is an ex-iMagistrate and hasbeen identified with numerous publicenterprises.Mr. Wm. Stanfield, aged about 60years, died on Mr Jos M. Hall'sfarm, near this city, Wednesday. Theburial took place Thursday ac OldUnion.Lucille, the eight-months-olddaughter, of Mr. and Mrs. CurtisBiddle, died at the residence of Squireand Mrs. J. T. Ingram on South Mainstreet Friday afternoon.BIRTHS.Born, yesterday to the wife ofRay Borland, a son.Born, Thursday night, in Richmond, to the wife of Mr. L. I. Smith,of this city, a daughter. Mrs. Smithwas formerly Miss Ollie Ashbrook. "MATRIMONIAL.Miss Bessie L. Hoskins, a popularyoung lady of Nicholas -county, andProf. Otis rL. Mullikin, a prominenteducator of Mason county, were married in Millersburg Friday.RELIGIOUS.Services at the Episcopal churchSunday morning at 10:45 and afternoon at 4 o'clock by Rev. J. M. Max-on. iTHEATRICAL.Announcement was made in NewYork that Klaw Erlanger in Octoberwill present Miss Charlotte Walker ina dramatization by her husband, Mr,Eugene Walter, of Mr. John Fox, Jr.'snovel, "The Trail of the LonesomePine." The play is in four acts andwill retain the title of the book. MissWalker will play the role of June, whois a heroine among the people of theKentucky mountains. Three of theacts are laid in mountain passes andretreats and one is laid in a smallKentucy village. The star will besupported by a large company, as Mr.Walter's play admits of an elabroateproduction.Mr. Charles O'Neil and Miss OlliePickett, of Lexington, were united inmarriage Thursday in that city. Thebride ia the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.J. M. Pickett, who formerly residedin this city.Visits Frankfort.Mr. John Smith, formerly of thiscity was called to Fankfort to attendthe funeral of Father Thomas Major.Of him the Franfort News says:"John S. Smith, now of Indianapolis,but formerly the popular Commonwealth's Attorney of this district,came yesterday to attend the funeralof his cousin. Father Thomas S.Major. Mr. Smith is practicing lawin bis new home and his friends willbe glad to knowthat he has succeededin Jestablishing a lucrative practicealthough he has lived in Indianapolisbut a few years. 'John Smith,' asall his friends delight to call him,always has a cheerful greeting for hisfriends and is one of the best storytellers that Kentucky ever produced."Public Schools Will Open AsScheduled,A statement appeared in the Democrat Saturday, August 26, regarding aprobable delay in the opening of thepublic schools, and giving as causetherefor an ill water supply, is unofficial. The schools will open asscheduled so far as interference on thepart of the Health Board is concerned, unless in the meantime an exami-iidiiuu uj. ine water suppiy reveals adanger. Due notice will be given insuch event.The Beard is decidedly on the side ofthe children in this matter and willlend its best endeavors in safeguarding their interests. The school willbe disinfected; the water analyzed,and all other matters pertaining to thehealtnfulness of the pupils and teachers, properly coming under the supervision of the Health Bjard will receive necessary attention.A. H. KELLER.Health Officer.By order of the Board.Sold Seven Fine Yearlings.The well known Bourbon countyturfman, Amos Turney, and John McCafferty, the ex-jockey, who have recently returned from Canada, closednegotiations Thursday for seven of thebest bred yearlings to be had in theBlue Grass, th youngsters beingoougnt irom Messrs. batrett D. WU-p ' m nr .l u u V m ,ore' JNicnolas County Democratic ExFrom Mr. Wilson they secured a chest- ecutive Comimttee. has been notfied bynut colt by Stalwart-Northumuria. a 'Hon. Rnfun W. Vnnonf ,h.;,mn JDay colt by Stalwart frdnrTarrfti anda brown colt by Marta Santa Tincup.From O H. Chenault a chestnut coltby Russell, out of La Pour, dam ofColloquy, etc., and a chestnut colt bythe same sire out f S. G. P., a fullsister to Flying Dutchman. From Mr.Moore he got a bay colt by McGee, outof Jessie L., aad a bay filly by McGee,out of Interwoven.The youngsters will be trained herethis fall and early spring, by Mr. McCafferty. Mr. McCafferty already hassome two or three colts of his ownbreeding and possibly some othersmay be added later, making a stablefsome twelve cr fifteen colts."Black Patti" Coming.The Black Patti Musical SomedyCompany, which is recognized as oneof the most popular and successfulstage attractions in the United States,presenting a varied style of entertam-fment, will be seen at the Grand onTuesday, September 5.The company consists of forty AfruAmreicans, headed by Mme. Sissieretta Jones, popualrly known as the BlackPatti, and considered to be the mostaccomplished singer of her race, and"Happy" Juilus Glenn, the unexcelleddroll comedian, reputed to be the funniest colored man alive. Black Pattihas appeared with great success in Europe, singing in Paris, Berlin, St.Petersburg, London and other musicalcenters, and enjoys the distinction ofhaving sung by command for the present Kine ot Great Britain. Her success in the United States with theBlack Patti show covers a period offifteen years. During that time shehas appeared before the largest audiences that ever assembled to pay homage to a diva. At Madison Square Garden she attracted an audience numbering over 16,000, and at the great Pittsburg Exposition 23,000 assembled tohear her sing.She has been the stellar attractionfor fifteen consecutive seasons, and theunprecedented success of this companyis due in a large measure, to the remarkable vocal accomplishments ofthis distinguished artist. There aretwo score other singers, dancers, comeian, etc., comprising the Black Patti Musical Comedy Company who appear in a stage Bhow that is as variedas it is entertaining and the kind thatis understood and enjoyed without theaidof a libretti, or an intrepreter. Itis a rapid-fire medley of song, story,dance with negro melody happilyinterspersed and climaxed by selections from the standard operas.School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland will open her private school on September 4 for classification. Work will beign September11. Number of pupils limited. Yourpatronage solicited. 15 8tLast Week of Vaudeville.On next Saturday night the vaudeville season at the Paris Grand willcome to a close. During this weekManager Proter has secured some excellent attractions. The bill last nightconsisted of Billy Falls, one of thebest single acts ever seen in Paris.His act is one continuous scream, andif you have a chronic case of the bluesMr. Falls ,will cure you with oneapplication of his laugh treatment.Miss Birdie Wollstein, operatic vocalist, made her usual big hit.The Great Wilbur, ventriloquist,introducing the Jdancing doll, has anact entirely different from the ordinary ventriloquist. It is by far thebest act of the kind seen at the Grandduring this season. The above program will be presented again tonight,and on tomorrow night there will bean entire change of program.School Opening.E. M. Costello's school, Paris Academy, will open Monday, September 4.Thorough training and conscientiouswork in English, Mathematics, theClassics, English Literature and History. Number pupils limited.aug 8 22 sep 1Social at Hutchison.The Young People's Society of theMethodist church at Hutchison, willgive a social Thursday evening.August31. Music, speaking and refreshmentswill be the order of the evening, andall who attend are promised a 'goodtime.Opening of the Comet NextMonday.After a thorough ovrehauling,decorating and painting, both insideand out, the Comet Theatre will bethrown open to the public on nextMonday night for the season of1911-12. While in Cincinnati recentlyMessrs. Porter and Shea purchasedone of the latest improvements in curtains for the pictures. It is called thealuminum curtain, and is a wonderfulimprovement over the old muslinsheet. The pictures are a hundred percent brighter and the figures seem tostand out from the curtain.uuuiici iiuprovemeni raaae ana onewhich will be most appreciated by theAnother improvement made andpuniic is tne class ot pictures to hoshown. Believing, that the people ofParis and the surrounding countrywant the best and are willing to pay'for it, the management has contractedfor practically first run pictures. Inthe past while the pictures have beenuniformly good, they have been fiomsixty days to six months old. Consequently have been full of streaks anddirt, commonly called "rain." Theservice which will be run commencingnext Monday will be just one week oldtnd will comprise all the latest releases of the Independent Service. Itwin dean innovation um thepicture line to Paris.movingGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfInsure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. Hinton.non - uniontfBig Barbecue September 14.Judge A. B. Titlon, chairamn of theI . - --. w.the Democratic State Campaign Committee, that September 14 has beendecided upon as the day for the Democratic barbecue .to be held at BlueLick Springs..In the letter it is stated that theentire Democratic state ticket, or allthe nominees for the various Stateoffices will be present and deliverspeeches. Efforts are being mads tosecure Governor Wilson of NewJersey, Governor Harmon of Ohio,Congressman Under wod and SpeakerChamp Clark Congressman OllieJames will be present, as will all ofthe Democratic members of Congressfrom Kentucky.BASE BALL.FRIDAY.Rain prevented theLeague games Friday.Blue GrassSATURDAY.Paris . . 32 18 640Lexi'g'n 29 21 586M'ys'v'e 24 25 490Richm 'd 23 26 469Fr'nkf't 23 26 46bWin'ster 18 32 360The locals journeyed to LexingtonSaturday afternoon and were defeatedin a one-sided contest by a score of 9to 1.The locals assisted the Lexingtoncrew to some extent j by pulling off afew bone-head plays that ruined theirchances to count runs, while the Colts,favored by a lucky turn hit at theright time.Hauser, who heretofore held fullsway against the Colts, went the routeonce to often, with the result thatafter he had traversed the distance offive innings .during which time IheColts had pounded out seven hits,which yielded eight runs.he was takenout and Maxwell finished the game infine shape allowing but three bits andone run.The Bourbonites hit Robbins equallyas many times as their opponents dideither Hauser and Maxwell, but theColts were ever ready in pinches andpulled out of some tight places. Thescore :Paris 0 0100000 0-1Lexington 0 2 0 2 4 10 0 x 9Batterie Paris, Hauser, Maxwelland Mayer; Lexington, Robbins andSewell. HitsParis 10, Lexngton 10.Errors Pars 3, Lexngton 2. Earnedruns Paris 1, Lexington 5 Two basehits Maxwell, Yancey. Bases onballs off Hauser 4, off Robbins 3.Stolen bases Harrell, Baschang, Viox2, Eddington, Sewell. Struck out byHauser 6, by Maxwell 2, by Robbins 5.Left on bases Paris 10, Lexington 5.Sacrifice hits McKernan, Kuhlman.Double plays Viox to Badger, McKernan to Barnett, Harrell to Barnett.Wild pitches Hauser, Maxwell. Firstbase on errors -Paris 2, Lexington 1.Hit by pitcher Baschang, Viox. Time1 :55. Umpire Kane.SUNDAY.Pans . . 33 18 647Lexi'g'n 29 22 568M'ys'v'e 25 26 490Richm'd 24 27 472Fr'nkf't 23 27 4G0Win'ster 19 32 373"Cyclone" Jack Scheneberg accomplished the defeat of the Colts in thelast game of the season with that clubat Lexingotn Sunday afternoon, andby so doing put the locals one gamefurther in the lead for the pennantand won his tenth consecutive gamefor Paria since his advent in the BlueGrass League this season.The game was intensely interestingbut ragged in spots and featured byScheneberg's pitching. For the firsttwo innings the big Paris hurler wasas wild as a March harg, and Mayerhad all he could do to stop some of the'wild heaves. However when the thirdsession rolled around he assumed complete control of the situation andchecked the Cotls to such an extentthat thereafter they were unable toget a man around.On the other hand the locals hit Vallandingham from the start, touchingthe Lexington heaver for ten safedrives. The locals put up a splendidexhibition in the field, the work ofMcKernan being a prominent feature.The Colts counted one run in eachthe first and second innings, whichwere due directly J;to the wildness ofScheneoerg, but when the Paris hurlerassumed control he had the Yanceycrew at his mercy. Paris tied the contest in the fourth and fifth at d so itremained until the eighth, which proved to be the fatal round. Goodmangrounded to Viox and Barnett singledto right. Barnett pilfered second andon Sewell's low throw took third.Maxwell fanned the wind. Kuhlmanwas safe on Viox's error, Barnettscoring. Kuhlman stole second andscored on Chapman's singe. Scheneberg fanned.The Colts looked dangerous in theninth when Robbins hit the first ballpitched for two bases. Vallandinghamfanned and Baschang bounded to McKernan, Robbins taking third. Smykal sent a high one to Barnett for thei last out. The score:P?ris 00011002 04Lexington 1 10 0 0 0 0 0 02Batteries Paris Scheneberg andMayer; Lexington Vallandingham andSewell and Ellis. Hits Paris 10 Lex-;nrtnn 7 Frrn; Paris 1?BXr drunslpaHs 2.LexingtonTwo basehits Robbins Baschang. Home runChapman Baes on balls off Scheneberg ;4. Stolen basesViox HarrellKuhlman. Struck out by Vallanainghara 5 by Scheneberg 8. Left on basesLexington 8 Paris 8. Sacrifice hitsSmykal Sewell Mayer. Sacrifice flyGoodman. Passed balls Mayer 2.First base on errors Lexington 1Paris 2l Time 1 :25. Umpire Kane.Frankfort 2. Maysville 1 ; secondgame Maysville 6 Frankfort 0. Richmond 7 Winchester 3.MONDAY.Rain at Richmond yesterday alternuon prevented the game between theBourbonites and Pioneers. The gamebetween Winchester and Lexingtonwas called off on account of rain. Theonly game to be played in the leagnewas between Frankfort and Maysvillewhich resulted in a score of 4 to 2 infavor of the former.Eastern Star Meeting Tonight.There will be a meeting of the localchapter of the Eastern Star at theMasonic rooms in the Wilson buildingat 7 o'clock thi3 evening A full attendance of the members is desiredShips Horses.Douglas Thomas yesterday shippedfour of his fine trotters and pacers -toColumbus, O., State Fair where theywill he raced. Mr. Jas. Hukle is incharge and will drive them.Ntyer Sold to White Sox.A press jeport says: "CatcherMayei,the sensation of the Blue GrassLeague, will not go to Minneapolisafter all. Mayer is pointed for highercompany. He has been sold to theChicago White Stockings-by ManagerCantillon, of the Millers, who had anoption on the Paris backstop."Base Ball Season Neiring End.Just one wepk separates us from theclose of the Blue Grass league seasonand Paris is just four full crames inthe lead in the race for the pennantover her nearest contender Lexington. Rain prevented the game withthe PioneerB yesterday afternoon atRichmond and if it is decided to play adouble header thern this afternoonParis will have just eight more gamesbefore the close, and with an evenbreak should come out the best in themajority of the contests.While Paris is four games ahead ofLexington there is yet a chance forthe Lexington crew landing the pennant, but such success is hardlyprobable, owing to the class of ballthe locals have been playing and having the majority in the series witheach club, it is more than likely theycan pinch off enough of the remaininggames to pull through, even if duringthe week they should suffer a slump.The pennant has already been concededto Paris by expert followers of thegame and nothing short of a miraclecan force them out of the positionthey huld.Wednesday being an open date, therewillbe no game for Paris and Thursdaythey will mpet the Lawmakers onthe local lot. Friday the Hustlers willbe the attraction at White Park and onSunday tne Lawmakers will return fortheir final tilt with the McKernanmen.That Maysville is to close the seasonhere on September 4 is an assuranceof at least two games of the remaining few, as Maysville has never won agame on J the local grounds and it ishardly piobable the "goat" will beuntied on this occasion.Headquarters for School Booksand Supplies.Our store is headquarters for allschool books and school supplies ofevery description. Don't put off buying. We are now ready to wait onyou.29 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Stone Damages Residence.A heavy blast set off in the cut Eastof Mt. Airy avenue yesterday hurled astone of conisderable size against theresidence of Mrs. Henry Spears onMt. Airy avenue. The stone struckone of the window shutters in thesecond story, demolishing it anddamaged a section of the featherboarding Parents Relented.The romance of Walter Onan, aged16, and Lizzie Griffie, aged 15, ofFrankfort, starting on their elopementto Lexington last week to get married, resulted in their arrest andOnan's being sent to the workhouse,reached its climax when Onan andMiss Griffie were married Sunday.The marriage license used was the onesecured in Lexington. The bride'sparents had relented.Candidates Announce.Elsewhere in this issue will bejtourdhe announcements of Dr. Wm. Kenney, Mr. D. C. Parrish and Mr. Wm.B. Ardery, from the second Ward, Mr.John MbCarthy form the Third Wardand Mr. L. Wollstein from the FirstWard, as candidates for Councilmen.subject to the action of the Democratic primary September 22..Foundation Completed.The foundation for the reisdence tothe county jail has been completed andcontractors will immediately beginlaying brick. The work is being pushed with all haste that the buildingmay be complete before extremelycold weather sets in and it is expected-the. reisaence will be ready for occupancy by the middle of October.Donations For Fair Dinner.The dinner privileges at the Bourbon Fair having been awarded to theBourhon County Hospital League,donations are being received from allparts of the county. So far theirappeal for supplies has met with aready response. A large number ofour people have donated eld hams,lambs, etc The proceeas drived fromthe dinners which will be served during tre fair v ill go to the hospitalfund, which it is hoped will besufficiently large to begin the erectionof a hospital in this city this spring.The league deserves a liberal patronage which should D2 accorded in thisworthy unertaking.a "Rosedale, Booming.(Contributed.)The greenest farm we have seen thisseasffn is the Col. John Cunninghamfarm, on Green Creek, at Escondida,Bourbon, county, Ky. As fine a cropof tobacco as can be found is now being placed in the barns with stalksfour feet tall, and the leave3 twentyfour inches wide. Also a large cropof fine white milling corn with largeears and 13 ienhes long on the cob isgrowing and maturing in the fields atRosedale, long known as oil, gas, lead,zinc, phosphate and blue grass fields.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Councilmen from their respective Wards,subject to the action of the Democratic City Primary September 22,1911 1FIRST WARD.Dr. W. T. Brooks.C. P. COOK.GEO. SPEAKES.SECOND WARD. .W. O. Hinton. 'C. E. Butler.J. Simms Wilson.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin. "a ",FIRST WARD..L. Wollstein. "SECOND WARDDr. Wm. Kenney.,D. C. Parrish,William Ardery.THIRD WARD.John McCarthy.Big Weather Cock of London.Which Is the largest weather cockIn London? The honor is held bythe vane which crowns the littleleaden cupola ovr-the city churchof St Peter-upon-Cornhill, and Is nowbeing repaired. It is a big key. thesymbol of St Peter, and measuresmore than nine feet, being a fewInches longer than the dragon thatsurmounts Bow church, CheapsldeLondon Chronicle.Notice Posted.2 A 11 persons are hereby warned not totrepsass on any J and or property ofthe undersigned. Hunting fishing ortrepsassing on my land is fhereby forbidden, and all violators will be prosecuted. JOHN W. WRIGHT.""29 6t Hume and Bedford PikeSouthdown Rams for Sale.Extra niceimpoited rams.Southdown rams byA. S. THOMPSON.FOUND.On the streets of Paris a M. M. L.Class Pin. Owner can have same bypaying for advertisement.To My Friends and BornePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.NOTICE.All accounts- due the firm of Yerkes& Kenney are due and payable at ;theoffice of the firm, corner Fourth andPleasant streets, and all indebted tothem will please settle promptly.It is necessary for these matters toreceive immediate attention on Recount of a change in the firm..Respectfuly,22 tf YERKES & KENNEY.Fine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best business:proposition in Paris. Best cash business in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser. 21 tf BALDW IN BROS.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker goodasnewSAMUEL CLAY.28 tf R. F. D. No. 3.CITYTAXESFOR 1911Now in My Hands,for Collection. ;Office First Na- .'tional Bank. rStamps MooreCity CollectorExcursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVISunday, Sept. 3, 'll,Fare $I. Ronnd Trip:Special train lsavea Paris 7 :50a.m ;returning leaves Cincinnati 4tk St.stataoD 7 p. m. vExcursion tickets goo4 only cmspecial train in both directions. -For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, AzmLor D. S. JORDAN. T. A. .THE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY . AUGUST 29, 1911.dfflfi BOURBON NEWS.-9ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGSCHOOL BOOKS CASH.We sell school books oncommission and are compelled to demand the cashfor same.PARIS BOOK CO.Stricken With Paralysis.Mr. James Barlow, a prominentcitizen of the Elizabeth neighborhood,was stricken with paralysis Fridayand is in a critical condition.Bargains in Wall Paper.Look at my bargains in wall paperthis week. Expert dec.rators ready tofill your orders promptly.J. T. HINTON.Painting Contract.Cain I'.ros. have secured the contract for the cleaning and painting ofthe woodwork in the court house andwill begin work September 20.Feld's for Fall Footwear.Peaches for Preserving.Peaches for preserving. CallWednesday morning.C. P. COOK & CO.usPurchases Cottage.Mrs. John Barnett has purchased ofMr. James H. Batterton a fcframe cottage in White's addition for $1,050,and will move to the property, havingrecently sold her house on Winchesterstreet to Mr. Newton Bishop.On Your Way to the Fairstop in and let us show you our fallJine of hats from Stetson and Knox.All the new things in rough andsmooth finish. Especially strong onthe rough.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Fountain Pens.Celebrated John Holland FountainPens from SI up. Guaranteed.PARIS BOOK CO.Secure Contract.Bappert & George were yesterdayawarded the contract by the L. & N.for the brick work on the new jailresidence. The house will be twostories with pressed brick front andside. The job will be completed inabout. three weeks.Bargains in Books.We have seventy-five books of thebest fiction in our circulating libraryto sell at twenty-five cents each.PARIS BOOK CO.For the Fair.You'll perhaps need a few wearables. Come in and let us show youour fall line of men's wearables.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Master's Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday ,at the court house door forMaster Commissioner Mann a brickwarehouse belonging 'to Mrs. AnnaMassie on Third street to the L. & N.railroad company for $8,000. At thesame time and place a house and lot inShippsville, near Millersburg, belonging to Henry Clay, colored for S100 toMsgains & Co.Bargains in Books." We have seventy-five books of thebest fiction in our circulating libraryto sell at twenty-five cents each.22 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Seed Wheat and Seed Rye.See us before buying your seedwheat and seed rye.22 4t C. S. BRENT & BRO.Knocked from Platform.While assisting in mounting asteam pump at the plant of the ParisMilling Co., Mr. J. Morgan Brownnarrowly escaped serious injury. Insime manner the piece of machineiyslipped knocking him from platformand rendering him unconscious. Hewas taken to his home in East Pariswhere he soon revived. While Mr.Brown is able to be out he will not return to his work for several days.Sweet Potatoes.Genuine Jersey sweet potatoes atSauer's grocery: 22 2tPickling Vinegar.Pure white pickling vinegar at 20cents per gallon. Let us -have yourorder. Both phones.29 2t T. LENIHAN.Mr. Thomas Attends Meeting.The Lexington Leader says: "StateSenator Claude M. Thomas, of Paris,was among those who attended themeeting of the Democratic Fifth Appellate Judicial District Committeeheld here Wednesday. Mr. Thomas hasmany friends in Lexington and Fayette county, as was demonstrated bythe flattering vote he received whenlie was a candidate for the DemocraticCongressional nomination in this district against Hon. J. C. Cantrill a yearago."Special Sale Saturday.On pound Imported Talcum withVne 25 cent jar Greaseless Cream,both for 25 cents.OBERDORFER,v The Druggist.Bicycle Headquarters.Tlw best maka ot bicycles in stockst reasonable prices. Full lines ofHcycle ipiirs remember we arebicycle fcadqtiUri. ,,.,29 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.PERSONAL MENTION.Miss Bessie Wilson is visiting inMt. Sterling.Mr. E. R. Rogtrs is visiting inShelby county.Mr. John Tarr is ill at his home onCypress street.Miss Edith Myall entertained at500 Thursday afternoon.Mrs. Helen Forsyth visited relatives in M illersburg yesterday.Miss Josephine Hines, of Covington, is visiting Mrs. John McCarthy.Mrs. Mike Murphy is recoveringfrom a severe attack of appendicitis.Mr. Hugh Montgomery left yesterday on a business trip in the East.Mrs. W. M. Barlow has returnedfrom a visit to relatives at Dayton, O.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Simon leftSunday for a business trip to Chicago.Miss Anna Lanckart, of Lexington, was a guest of Paris friends Sunday. The Bourbon Dancing Club willentertain with a dance on Tuesday,September 5.Mr. Henry C. Lilleston, of KansasCity, is visiting his mother, Mrs.Shelby Lilleston.Mrs. Buckner Woodford entertained the members of the Sewing ClubThursday evening.Messrs. Bruce Miller and GeorgeBell returned Sunday night from atrip in the East.Mr. John Tarr is improving aftera two weeks' illness at his home onCypress street.Mr. Withers Davis returned Thursday night from French Lick, Ind.,after a week's stay.Misses Mary and Martha TaylorOwens, of Covington, are visitingrelatives in this city.Miss Frances Harris has returnedto her home in Cynthiana after a visitto relatives in this city.Mrs. W. O. Paxton and daughter,Miss Allene, of New York, are guestsof Mrs. Mayme Fithian.Mrs. L. B. Purnell and daughter,Rebecca, have returned from a visitto relatives in Dayton, Ky.Miss Anna Hizer has returned toher home in Covington after a visit toher sister, Mrs. Ed. SummerB.Miss Nannie Manning, of Cincinnati, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Samuel Brannon, on Eighth street.Mrs. Alverson, formerly MissElizabeth Allen, of Lawrenceburg,was a visitor in the city yesterday.Mrs. Mary Harrison, of Lexington, who has been the guest of Mrs.Helen M. Forsyth, has returned home.Miss Amelia Lieer, who has beenthe guest of Miss Ruth Morgan for aweek, has returned to her home inLexington.Mrs. Louis Hooge, formerly ofthis city, but now of Mississippi, arrived Saturday as the guest of Mrs.Camilla Wilson.Master William Oppenhemier. ofLexington, who was the guest lastweek of Master Barnett Winters, hasreturned home.Mrs. I. L. Oppenheimer, Miss E.Wolfe and Mrs. L. K. Frankle, ofLexington, were guests Saturday ofMrs. A. J. Winters.Mrs. Ed Aldrich and daughter,Edna, of Maysville, who have beenthe guests of Mrs. Arthur Best, returned home Saturday.Mr. Chas. P. Cook is able to beat his place of buisness after beingconfined to his home for several days,suffering from blood poison.Mrs. Swift Champ and daugnter,Miss Frances Champ, left Saturdayfor a three weeks' stay at VirginiaBeach and Old Point Comfort.Miss Florence Wilson entertainedthe 500 club Thursday evening at herhome ol Houston avenue in honor ofMiss Allene Wilson, of Virginia.r-Mrs. Chas. Duncan and two littledaughters, pisses Catherine and AnnaRutherford'Duncan, are visiting Mr.and Mrs. James H. Duncan in Cincinnati: Mrs. Chas. A. Webber and children, who have ben visiting Mr. Webber's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. M.Webber, in Shelbyville, have returnedhDme.Mrs. Graham, of Texas, who isvisiting Mr. John Smedley in Millersburg, was the guest Friday and Saturday of Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Board, onMt. Airy.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Clay and children, who have been visiting Mrs.Clay's brother. Squire Ben F. Bedford, of Harrsion county, nave returned home.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay and daughter,Miss Alice Rogers Clay, have returnedfrom New York and New Jersey. Mr.Clay has returned from a fishing tripin the North.The Misses Larue entertained attheir home near Shawhan Thursdaywith an afternoon tea, in honor ofMrs. Taylor, Mrs. Peston, Mr. andMrs. Geisreiter, Dr. and Mrs. Eberhardt and Misses Geisreiter and Eberhart. Prof, and Mrs. Robert Hinton leftfor Georgetown Saturday morningafter spending the summer with thefamily of Mr. William M Hinori.Prof. Hinton has gone to resume hisduties atthe college when the fallterm opens.Mrs. Gus Smith, of Lexington,and daughter, Mrs. Otis Bacon, ofWichita Falls, Tex., Mrs. C. B. Slatterwnite, and -Miss Belle Smith, ofLexington, and Mrs. O. M. Johnson,of Millersburg, were guests Friday ofMrs. C. Arnsparger. Mrs. Bacon an 3Mrs. Johnson remained with her Friday night. Mrs. Custis Tablott entertained the party at dinner Saturday.Miss Margaret Ardery, daughterof Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Ardery, entertained at the home of her parents mearthis city Friday evening. The housewas irofuse in its decorations ofgoldenglow and astors. Refreshmentswere served the following guests :i 3 Misses Marie Talbott, Mary Mitchell''Clay, Frances Clay, Eleanor Clay,Frances Hancock, Nell Crutcher, MienTowles, Anna Wilson, Helen Desha,Mary Batterton, Katie GrahamThompson, Augusta Rogers, PatsyClark, Elizabeth Renick, LouiseSteele, Elizabeth Brown ; Messrs. Wallace Clark, Douglas Clay, HaroldHarris. Harry Brent Fithian, JohnKeith Vanasnt, Scott Woodford, WillEstill Moore, Roy Batterton, BlairVarden, Calrence Barbee, John Price,William McMillan Talbott, MauriceBurnaugh, Tom Piichard. Winn Lisle,and Robert Jones and Graham Young,of North Middletown.Miss Marguerite Douglas, is visiting in Midway.Mr Spears Moore left yesterdayfor a trip to Cnaada.Dr. J. H. Comer has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Tennessee.Mrs. Claborne Brown has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Wicnhes-ter.Miss Helen Braner, of Covington,is a guest at the home of Mr. DouglasThomas.Mrs. W. W. Judy and snn, T. J.Judy, are guests of relatives in NorthMiddletown.Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers, whohave been visiting relatives in Carlisle, have returned home. $iMMiss Louis Armstrong, of Cincinnati, .is the guest of Mrs. .Rhoda Conway on Pleasant street.Misses Flora and Mary Witherspoon, of Lawrenceburg, are u rheguests of MiEs Frances Hancock.Mrs. V. D. Chandler, who hasbeen quite ill at the home of her father, Mr. W. H. H. Johnson, is improving. ' Messrs Frank Clay, S. G. Clay,Wallace Mitchell, E. M. Dickson andHarry Clay have returned from an extended fishing trip to Georgian BayMrs. Withers Davis entertainedlast evening Jin honor of Mrs, St.Claire, of Columbia, Mo., and MissCarrie Berry and Mrs. McDougle, ofHamilton College, Lexington.Miss Katie Graham Thompson whospent severil days last week withMiss Elizabeth Da.wlay in Lexington,returned yesterday to the hume of heraunt, Mrs. J. T. Hinton, where she isvisitirig.Brigadier General and Mrs. LouisMussinon and Dr. and Mrs. F. M.Faries will leave today .for a visit toGeneral and Mrs. James E. McCracken, in Newport. The party will gothrough in General Mussinon's automobile. Misses Mamie and Katie Kane hadas their guets Sunday their aunt,Mrs. John Rohan, of Walnut Hills,Cincinnati, and cousins, Mr. and Mrs.Chas. Myers, of Norwood; Mr. andMrs. P. J. Carroll, of Covington; Mrs.Anna Dailey and son, Frank, of Lexington, and Miss Margaret Kenealy,of Walnut Hills.Daily During the Bourbon Fair.5 Beginning on Tuesday, September 5the Bourbon News will be issued dailyduring the Bourbon Fair. It is outpurpose to make the venture a successin every particular and furnish thereaders of this paper with all the newsof interest during the week of thefair. To do this we must enlist theco-operation of the patrjns of thepaper and the public in general. Newsnotes, no matter how trivial they mayseem to the sender, may prove ofinterest to some ;of our readers. Wewant all of the news every day andmust ask the public to assist us in adegree, that the undertading 'may bea great success. Anyone having visitors during the week or if any neighbor has a guest for the fair, we wouldesteem it quite a favor to have themcall us over either phone No. 124.For the Fair.We have made special preparationsand can prepare you in a way to makeyou assured of being well dressed.J. W. DAVIS & CO.School Opening.Mrs. Lizzie Wakler will organize herschool Monday, Septembe 4. ourpatronage solicited. 11 6tResidence Sold.Mrs. Hanorah Lenihan sold Saturday to Wm. Minogue, a frame residence on the extension of Vine streetand seventy feet of ground for 1,950.UptoDate Atlases and Globes.We have a full line of the HammondAtlases, Maps, and Globes in all sizes.They are up-to-date in eery particu-PARIS BOOK CO.County Election Commission"ioners.At a meeting of the State ElectionCommission Saturday the followingcounty election commissioners wereelceted for Bourbon county : M. R.Jacoby, Republican, and B. B. Marsh,Democrat.Rugs, Carpets and Matting.Low prices on rugs, wall paper,mattings and carpets this week at J.T. Hinton's.Public Sale of DesirableHome.On Wednesday, September 13, at10:30 will be sold on .the premises tothe best bidder the residence of Mrs.Mattie Hutcbcraft, Corner Main andFitfeenth streets. It has all themodern conveniences. Inspection invited, GEORGE VARDEN.FOR RENT.Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath,electric light and gas. Good stable onpremises. 'Apply to -MRS. ELIZABETH V. BISHOP.29 tf E. T. Phone 591.Negro Arrested.Chas. Hall, anergo. wanted in Lexington on a larceny charge, was arrsted at the camp of the Price Construction Company yesterday afternoon byDetective D. B. Veal, of Lexington,and Deputy Sheriff W. b Talbott.tiall is wante in Lexington for thetheft of a suit case from the Cheaspeake & Ohio railroad, the offensehaving been committed in that city onSeptember 20.The negro, several days ago eludedtwo of the Lexington officials who hadbeen sent in search of him, and madenis way to Paris, where he securedemployment with the constructioncompany. Detective Veal learned ofhis whereabouts and came to Parisyesterday and in company with DeputySheriff Tablott visitad the camp wherethey found Hall, who was taken intocustody. Detective Veal returned toLexington with his prisoner on the 3c 'clock interurban car.Close your eyesand listento the great artists singing- onthe Victor and you'd reallythink the singers themselveswere actually in the room.That's how perfect theVictor is; that's why it isacknowledged the greatest ofall musical instruments. Itenables you to enjoy thevoices and music of theworld's greatest artists in .alltheir beauty.Come in and hear the greatartists on the Victor and VictorVictrola you'll be surprised at thewonderfully clear, natural tone.Victors $10 to $100. VictorVictrolas $75 to $250.DaughertyBros.tVERY SPECIALWitsit.j&rS. d, ij -r-t 7p-tS- f7i7'l y 0ur"i'''vfcH f v ICome in.qjurriiii.i r ii.n iw -i r -WonderfulReductions inI will sell you LAWN andf ueen auie iu uuy it.1 A few HAMMOCKSJ. T.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Dayresidence 56; J. T. Hinton,iLAST CUTLawns, Wash Goods, Shirt Waists,Hosiery, Etc.-VV i 'J ,,We are showing the prettiest line of Ginghams,Flanelettes, Kimona Crepes, Outings and Madras.COME LOOK THEM OVER.I W. Ed8lc,A, ruICC S U15IIFor This WeekiWhite Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips 12 1-2 per lb m"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5c J' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can 5c"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, California Wpack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c w"Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c J"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only . . , . . 60c IQ haves T.onrw Snun -frr . . j . . 9K(K W"i6 bars of Ivory Soap foeFresh Pies, CakesFEE'SfiMMHMtMHHitflHHiMI HAVE SOMETO OFFER YOU ONand Get Them.WALL PAPER.PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.KCHSTTOnSTPhones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hiritor,residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, HomeImmFall Goodsm9Tucker !Ic :iJioucuaiN..25cand Bread daily.IPRICESCarpets,MattinandRus.'Phone 286..$Gj.iMeifMraMn awnanna -r'-mr&'&'f'.jr--",9Wg..W' 4-feS"&g!SSMTHE BOURBON NEWS, ' PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, 1911.-1JIaAasapwtHiH!..rspi. j?&1 -i I.MLW"Vf iMr-"Kind of Him.Provincial Mayor (who is making afcid- for popularity, to repreentatireof the press) "Come in; take a seatI always treats reporters as if theygentlemen." Punch.wasNeed a Model.People 'seldom improre when theyhave no model but themselves to copyafter. Goldsmith.Improved Pressing Iron.A new electric pressing iron Isequipped with metal plates, whichcan be inserted to increase Its weightwhen desired.State Loans to Settlers.New South "Wales, Australia, makesstate loans to settlers at from 4 to5 per cent. Interest, repayable byyearly Instalments spread over notlonger than thirty-one years Noloan Is larger than 2.000: 0SummerGuests LTHEInstituteMillersburg MilitaryThe Millersburg Militaty Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. tJadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hoc water heat and electric lights. Athleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year for board,tuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COL. C. M. BEST, Principal,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.1 TWIN BROS.,Clothing Departmenty"We are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the opportunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines -we have made stillgreater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our New Buildingnimmn M?V"The Pikes live a quarter of a miledown the road from me," said the girlwho owned a summer cottage. "Theyhave one of those simple little placesof about twenty acres, with its ownbathing beach and melon patch andgold plated chicken yard and manicured cows and tomatoes worth $1a piece. If a fallen twig six incheslong is allowed to remain on the lawnthe head gardener gets into a lot oftrouble. One slug discovered on therose bushes causes his discharge."The Pikes are especially proud oftheir kitchen garden, where they raisethings that cost them ten times whatthey would pay for the same things inthe grocery store. But the thingsthe Pikes raise are worth the price.You really wouldn't believe theirstrawberries if you saw one suddenlywith no preparation. AsPfor the greenpeas actually, those peas should beframed and hung on the wall just tobe looked at!"Well, the Pikes had a guest overSunday, a large, beefy, important gentleman who had made his money latein life and who enjoys entering electric lighted cafes and tipping thewaiter with a $5 bill. They thoughtthey would give him a genuine treat,something he did not get every day, adish that would make him exclaimjoyously. So they had the first picking of Jine peas with the broiledchicken for dinner.International GasolineXLi IN VJT J.1N XLiOJ2p HHBppSKW 10E55- islldiiifllllllllllll 111 "MYESTER ll36;gPiw J Iff (HPWlMMiliai company, mlflRJ JlsSklSffESsHk.'"" I )l T . ' " wy vHRvl WWS4dMuR3 tss lit-- 1ti&&?ITwin Bros,,L.WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.mmmmmmmmmm Mm mL.5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains .A-rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily 5 26 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.23 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7.35 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, &y., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily hJxcepc bunaay a.iz amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.02 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.05 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily , 5.40 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday .r ,. .5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.29 amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 15 rmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 27 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.17 pmCincinnati, O., Daily . 10:40 pmTrains IDe-psirtTOCincinnati. 0., Daily 5.33 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except bunday o.do am11 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am4o Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arr10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 am6 Maysville, K., Daily , 11.52 am26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.54 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . . 3.40 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.35 pm9 Rowland, Ky.y Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday - 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, 0., Daily 6.22 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 6.25 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6 25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.35 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.48 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pmNo.341347291040373123326259138385398303231No."The guest did not observe thebreathless hush with which the peaswere offered him, but he helped himself bountifully and devoured them ina workmanlike manner, while hishosts watched him expectantly. Nothing happened."Mr. Pike coughed. 'Br he began. 'The peas pretty good, eh?Right from our own garden!'"The beefy gentleman dimly feltthat something was expected fromhim. 'Oh, yes he said. 'To be surethe peas. They're good, aren't they?Almost as good as the French cannedpeas they serve at hotels!'"Not having a garden, I do not getmy feelings outraged in just the samemanner as did the Pikes but thereare times. There was the occasion ofthe peach tree, for instance."Nobody who has not witnessed thesetting out in a sunny place of fourwalking sticks with funny greenknobs on them and has not nursedand cberjjhejjhem for three seasonsand spatted off Spiders and ants anddefied curly leaf and the yellow blightand coddled and fussed over them canunderstand what It means to arrive inthe spring and find six, or seven fuzzy,unmistakable peaches on each ofthose -trees. It is as exciting a moment as that when you find a babyhas cut a tooth! I would go out adozen times a day just to assure myself that the peaches were all thereand no insect was marring them andto tell them how nice it was of themactually to grow before my very eyeson my own trees! That was the summer I asked Pearl over to visit me."Pearl is a fascinating young woman, but you will understand her limitations when I say that she would rather walk down State street thanthrough the woods and that she turnspale at the sight of a spider. I believe she regarded the country withbored surprise and came over becauseshefelt sorry for me in my exile. Theonly time Pearl stepped off the porchwhen she did not have to I found herout by the peach trees."'There was a big fat squirrel ontho rail fence just now she said, 'eating something so busily that hewould'nt budge even when I threwthings at him. There weren't anystones, so I used those hard greenthings on these trees they were justright to throw and he jumped sowhen the last one hit him.'"I fled to keep from doing violenceto Pearl.All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.(EECTPWrt-Dlsllkes Statue of Bacchus.Life Is disturbed by the presentation of a life-size statue of Bacchusi to the University of Pennsylvania. "Isan effigy of this heathen person, deceased long ago and deservedly as aconsequence of his habits, a suitableembellishment for a college of youngmen?" it asks, indignantly.m5HfrtIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains Arrive'-ANo. FROM , j2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Snnda :." :. . . -vl... 815 amIS Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday. . ."7 .' . . . JTfft . 6!01 pmH2 IiOuisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains Depart ; "iffo. TO A' .a Frnkfort& Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 amjTranJciorc & ijouisvuie, uany jxcepi; ounaay ? s ' amy.oa am.n . .., :.' 5.55 amjTranciorc & Louisvuie, uaiiy jxcepiVSl5 akfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.tlFrnkfort, Ky, DailylExcept Sunday."The Vannecks are jolly people andI anticipated their coming with special pleasure. I showed them theplace it takes about five minutes toexhaust the sights of my estate andwith a burst of pride dilated on thefact that even in these wilds thereare comforts and that I have a bathroom, with running water. 'Of courseI added, 'it's cold "water, but then justconsider having any kind right in thehouse!'"Mr. Vanneck leaned weakly againsta wall. 'Do you mean to say he gotout tragically, 'that you don't havehot water here? No hot water?'" 'You heat it on the alcohol lampto shave I explained. 'And for ahot bath we heat it on the kitchenstove and carry it in, but the water isso soft that I prefer the cold tub.'"Mr. Vanneck clapped his hand tohis brow and went and sat in a cornerand moped over the awful calamity ofno unlimited "hot watep. All the timethey were here his wife and I spentmost of it stoking the kitchen stoveso that if Vanneck took a suddenfancy for a hotbath there would beplenty of water."The thermometer stood above 90and every one was going around withperspiration dripping from the end ofhis nose seeking coolness, but whenever I encountered Vanneck's resigned, reproachful eye I felt that Ihad blighted his comfort Mrs. Vanneck tried to apologize. She said hewas so dependent on the ordinarycomforts of life and that one had tohumor him."If I were married to Vanneck Iknow how I'd humor him I'd tie himin a bag and sink himxin the coldestspot In the lake!"Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Martin Bros,,Livery Men,EighthStreet, Paris, Ky.C Special attention given to Movingand Liveiy Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.TWIN BROS.Department Store This Week:ApronsJlOc, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose'15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98,worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers' 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25,fworth $2.TWIN! BROSTwo Big Stores'ln One"JCor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymWn?fLnotmfora?y certain climate, but is made to withstand thoweather conditions of. every climate. Amalgamated aKSunaer th blazing sun, nor eraour secret process and is univeriPnnirTMP. 7rnr:rr: C11L iUOiIfl.g- amalgamated ARCT X DUU"f u aiia xaKes tne same insurance rate as ?lntp n-rs AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, 111.?Will not'driD imder thL Thf "iV.aA.KUlNCxif e j l. v ""g nun, nui crauK in me Ditterest rnmonpm,nde toffS 8SSS.ffScew-2Ild iversally acknowledged I theParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Cured by the Marvel ofCentury, B. B. B. Tested30 Years.Hawkins:, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanent- Jly cured with pure botanical ingrecV jients. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous but jit causes ulcerations, death and decay iof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to gen- jeral debility, idiocr and insanity. &t ineeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure becausp it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthomi of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perrecD, lasmngcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for ntme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden, & Son.the C7pfor'.MD)RBigger and Better Than EverNINTH ANNUALiiKentucky State Fair...LOUISVILLE,SEPTEMBER 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 16, 1911.!FIX BE THERE ! WILL YOU?THRILLING FREE ACTS DAILYRACING - - LIVE STOCK SHOWFINE HORSES - - GOOD MUSICCLEAN MIDWAY - EDUCATION-HEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MORE GLASSES AND LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information or catalogue write toPERRY M. SHY, Secretary,No. 320 Paul Jones BuildingII-wf..v"! - gU ,4,.VfvjB'& LaiJ? ' "ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, 1911i-aftifYoung WomenRead what Cardui did for Miss Myria Engler, ofFaribault, Minn. She says: "Let me tell you how muchgood Cardui has done me. As a young girl, I always hadto suffer so much with all kind of pain. Sometimes, I wasso weak that I could hardly stand on my feet I got abottle of Cardui, at the drug store, and as soon as I hadtaken a few doses, I began to feel better.Today, I feel as well as anyone can."taamAre you a woman ? Then you are subject to a largenumber of troubles nd irregularities, peculiar to women,which, in time, often lead to more serious trouble.A tonic is needed -to help you over the hard places, torelieve weakness, headache, and other unnecessary pains,the signs of weak nerves and over-work.Fcr a tonic, take Csrdui, the woman's tonic.You will never regret it, for it will certainly help you.Ask your druggist about it. He knows. He sells it.Write to: Ladles Advisory Dent.. Chattanooca Medicine Co.. ChattanooBo. Term..for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "DR.DOLLESIMQTITIITE whefe HEN are CURED.IHOIIIUIE LET HE CURE YOUIFINEST EQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHCUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILESTO COME"WHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, NO PAfFAMOUS FOB 20 TEARS.Difficult Surgical Operations performedwith skill and success -when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST CURESOf amy Specialist. That Star Cared.TOUJfe MEN AJfD AMi MEJf COME.QIB CC PEBMAXENT CUBE, withoutitfaiEiw the knife. One treatment cures."VADIflflPETI C ' KKUC Cared InfAtllbUUELLC One Treatment.DUDTIIDC Stricture, Etc. CuredKUr I V f Ey by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Boils, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys, Bladder and Prostatexiaad, Bheamatkm, UTerrous Troubles.KYRDfiPCIET Cured in One Visit. NoRfUltUUcLC knife, lo danger.All caes guaranteed and accepted on the "Dolleflan" of not one dollar to be paid anlesscared. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64 paee Book Free, which is worthits wpight in gold to any discouraged man. Booksent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letters3ersonally. All letters treated with sacred con:ndence. When you write to me, describe yourdisease fully to me so that I can write you justwhat is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOODCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for;30 years.Drives out. blood poison in anystage permaneattv , without deadlymercury, with pure Bota.nic.il ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT F R E E.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swelling?, mucuspatches, bone pains, oifciiaivu pimplesor eruptions, take B. IS. B. (riotanicBlood tJalm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mass pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for houie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.WALTERj "l SPECIAL! STI Mh5JP IP A L.Lmffi iPOISONNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every rainjrrowinsr country under theSun it is said to te the bestyet by all -wionseitorseeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare : lightness of draft;handiness of operation;durability of construcMADE- Ation; ability to do perfect work in ny kindof cram; accuracy andTRUSTsure work of knotter;absence of -neckweieht and sidedraft. The NewCeHtury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, nanow give it itsssost successfulone a finder thatYerkes &I Kv ?Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 59Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost less lthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism ,No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of.coftducting a general1 Contractingand" Building Business.XI have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handlej yourbuildings, large or small. I will beclad to furnish you estimates on short! notice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hoDe 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.fl OEM EllDr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones HomeSB.D . , A E. T. 334.Residence Home 334.c4dniiaistrator's Notice,All parsons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, denpnspri will have same Droberly nrov-'en according to law and filed witn theundersigned . administrator. Iboseknowing themselves indebted to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget 'Cain, deceased.27jlmWOODwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work.better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billswith less loss of time.BYWe'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whicnbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Thm BewfYmt"(liiliH!Pritchard.POPULAR EXCURSION"Land of the SV$' and "Sapphire Country.' 'Tuesday, September 12 the Queen &Crescent Route in connection withSouthern Railway will operate aspecial excursion to the "Land of theSky" and "Sapphire Country" at thefollowing low .round trip fares fromLexington :Asheville, N. C, $7.50.Hendersonville, N. C, S8.50.Waynesville, N. C, $8.50.LakejToxaway, N. C, $9.50.Final limit to return until September 27, 1911.Special train consisting of Pullmandrawing room sleeping cars, Pullmanobservation sleeping cars, modern daycoaches, electrically lighted, will leaveLexington at 9 p. m. Tuesday, September 12.Upon payment of $1.50 additional tofares named above tickets will berouted going direct or returning viaChattanooga, Lookout Mountain, orthe reverse.Stopovers will be permitted at manypoints, including Knoxville, Tenn.,enabling passengers to visit the GreatAppalachian Exposition.Ask ticket agents for particulars oraddressH. C. KING, P. & T. A..Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, G. P. A..,Cincinnati, Ohio,A Fidgety Age.Repose of manner was considered atone time essential to the well bredwoman, but this is an ideal consignedto the past. 5, Every one fidgets inthese days?, no v one has time to sitstill, nor to listen for more than aminute at a time without being boredend showing it. From the Queen.Life Saved at Death's Door."I never felt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me down to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatmsnt for two years.My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am alive today is due solely, to Dr. King's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pounds and have been Avell andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on eirth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c and$1.00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Common Philanthropy.Some people are so anxious lestmen should be spoiled by the possession of too much money that theystrive to get it all themselves. Thiskind of philanthropy is not uncommon. Tortured for Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble that baffled doctor, and resisted all remedieshe tried, John W. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer. whatever! ate disfoocori mo lio -uTtrkfo hii t f.vioi IElectric Bittern, which worked such .wonaers ror me tnac x can now eatthings I could not take for years. -It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Best Wood for Violins.Stunted maple trees, grown Inmountainous regions, where the winters are long and severe and thesnowfall considerable, furnish thebest wood for violins, In the opinionof the German makers.in spring and summer, it'sthe natural time to store uphealth and vitality for theyear.n.is Nature's best and quickest help. All DrugcitConsiderable Counting.A report recently issued by thetreasury department shows that thereare 150,098,028 $1 bills in circulation.We assume that they are countedevery night by the wives of the menwho happen to have possession ofthem.; WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certain-springs in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and otker skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be lcllevcdfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a tiip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forttiese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will hrlng instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. Wn assure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.EL CAMIL0 OF WEST POINTAncient Spanish Cannon That WasvCaptured by the American Troopsat Monterey.t Among the old guns from past warson Trophy Point there is one that isfondly remembered by every graduateof the West Point military academy.It is "El Camilo," literally "TheCamel," a relic of the Mexican war,but dating far back of thatThis antiquated piece of ordnance,which is three parts silver and painteda light green, bears its name and theroyal coat of arms of Spain over aninscription, relating that it was theproperty of the Regiment of the Golden Fleece, commissioned under Ferdinand and Isabella at the time whenColumbus set out on his famous voyage to discover a new world. It wouldbe interesting to know what the Spanish grandees would have thought ifthey could have foreseen that the verycannon which probably thundered Godspeed to the explorer would one daybe captured by the unborn nation ofthe undiscovered continent to whichColumbus was bound. The ancientgun was probably brought to Mexicoas part of the armament of a Spanishship, and many years later was pressedinto service in the Mexican army,where the '''sinews of war" were always at a premium. It was taken atMonterey by the Americans and sentto West Point as the most appropriateplace for such an interesting relic. Informer years it was mounted andpointed its tapering, old-fashionedmuzzle out over the glassy Hudsonjust as wickedly as it did when thegunners of the old Spanish regimentused to send the fire leaping from itsthroat, but lately it has been dismounted and laid with other tfiophy Iguns in a long row xn the grass,where it affords a seat for the tiredexcursionist.Rubber Paving.The prophecy of the president ofthe rubber exhibition, held at the Agricultural hall, that the time will sooncome when the price of rubber wouldbe low enough to make rubber pavingan accomplished fact in the streetsof London, is excellent hearing. Whenever one comes across one or other ofthe few specimens of rubber pavingwhich aie to be found at present inthe metropolis, one experiences asense of grateful reltef. But up tiHnow a wider use of this material forsuch a purpose has been prohibited bythe question of expense, although Ithas been thoroughly recognized thatas a substitute for the ordinary materials used in paving the streets, rubber offers enormous attractions. If itcould be employed in large quantitiesin certain localities, London, one imagines, would be a happier place. Forthere Is no doubt that, as things are.ihe increase of traffic must be attended with increase of noise, and that,though Londoners may become dulled,by painful habit, to the ceaseless roar,the nerves of the community are certainly, even if unconsciously, in astate of tension. At the same time,however, we trust that the evil willnnf nnw hp allowed to EO uncheckedsimply because there is a chance thatthe adoption of rubber paving is likelyto cure it in the future. .LondonGlobe.Prehistoric Art.On the side of a steep down In theold town of Cerne Abbas, Dorset, England, a huge figure of a man appearscut deeply in the hard turf. It is acreation of a period hidden in themists of antiquity. The body resembles that of the simian, the arms areunusually long and outstretched, asare the legs. The right hand graspsthe handle of an enormous club, andthe -general attitude suggests pursuitof game.The head seems sunk between theshoulders, and the face, which isroughly cut, exhibits an uncanny leer.Students of types attribute "thegiant," as the Dorset figure is called,tn tho hrnn7.ft nfl. The figure hasj been cared for throughout the centuries of its existence. Originally itis supposed to have been regarded asbringing good luck to the people during the Celtic and early Englishepochs. It receives attention now onaccount of its quaintness and age.Te Dorset giant is incised in theturf after the manner of the LongMan of Wilmington and the WhiteHorse of Berkshire and elsewhere.The turf is so hard that the outlinesof the figure have been preserved intact for many centuries.Remarkable Feat of Aged Man.A wonderful feat of endurance hasjust been accomplished by an oldman, ninety-two years of age, namedHerbst, who returned to his nativetown of Zurich the other morning.Lately he set out on root from Zurichfor the Tyrol, on receiving a letterthat his mother, aged one hundredand fourteen, was dying in a villagenear Innsbruck. Herbst did not havesufficient money for the railway fare,but he knew the country and themountain passes, and he decided toundertake the longjourney alone. Hefound his mother dead, but was intime to be present at her funeral.After a week's rest the old man started back for his Swiss home over thesame route. He says he will nevercross the mountains again. He wasformerly a guide in the Tyrol.Its Bounds.First European Power I suppose anew blue book will be issued on thesituation. Where do you think thetendency is bound?Second Ditto It looks at present, as,Mf itwould be in Morocco.A Reader Cures His Constipation Try If FreeSimpli way for any family io ntain(( The editors of "Health Hints" and"Questions and Answers" have onequestion that is put to them more often than any other, and whichstrangely enough, they find the mostdifficult to answer. That is "Howcan I cure my constipation?"Dr. Caldwell, an eminent specialistin diseases of the stomach, liver andbowels, has looked the whole fieldover, has practised the specialty forforty years and is convinced that theingredients contained in what iscalled Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinhas the best claim to attention fromconstipated people.Its success in the cure of stubbornconstipation has done much to displace the use of salts, waters, strongPastor Refuses Salary.A Beverley. N. J., clergyman haapledged himself to never accept hissalary. He prefers to make hi3 livingirom nis rarrn ana preach gratuitously. Linden Many Centuries Old.The Gernan village of Remborn hasa linden tree which is said to be morathan 1,200 years old.Bloodino Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Eheum, Pimples, Eas-Eczema lies, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney. S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, AgentrIff 1 . . JMargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Paris, Ky.mmMargoieii,Bloodineif HE GREATEST REAiEDvl WWf FOR THB CURE OF. AU- WJiHITCWETKByLrFBANONEW LIFE AWUI TO ELDERLY:UCATE WOMEN.DER BOYS AND?!?". ."t'Vi.2 -y:AND TENDER SOYS ANDrxiitm DBEA3UBIPUBBjI L 1m: "1 cuo.1 KIDNEY. UVERuiBlAD IF Jk'5& 8A DERDBEASEJ.CATARRH.mJ If IMl ASTHMA. RHEUMATISM., fill, k J3 II COOT. LA CRIPPfc CON. j J Vm SUMPTION. DYJPEPSIA.fi HIm CONSTIPATION. HEART AiMjLI DISEASE. MALARIA. KX -Kl NERVOUS DEBILITY. 11 fHi JBBJP. THE BLOODINE C0,7ifl jvP H WW YORK. . BEMJNi I I I 7fVfstmm ""egy an psviht goed fewHh if al Hscathartics and such things. Syrup'Pepsin, by training the stomach andbowel muscles to again do their worknaturally, and with its tonic ingredients strengthening the nerves, bringabout a lasting cure. Among itsstrongest supporters are Mr. JokGraveiine of 98 Milwaukee Ave., Detroit, Mich., and Mr. J. A. Vernon oOklahoma City. Thousands of othersof both sexes have written to Dr.Caldwell telling of gratifying resultsIt can be obtained of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, orif you want to fry it first a free sample bottle can be obtained by writingthe doctor.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building-,Monticello, 111.j Folly of Anger.Consider how few things are worthyof anger, and you will wonder thatany but fools should be in wrath.Wife Got Tip Top Advice.'My wife wanted me to take ourboy to the doctor to cure an uglyVrll 'J TmrH-aa T Pnnnl.ln .C O ...-JI u""l """ X-LdlirLlK, UJL OlfUUU,UKia. "i said -put Jcsucklen s ArnicaSalve on it.7 She did so,and it curedthe boil in-a short time.' Quickesthealftrof hnrns. sonlr nnfa rvrobruises, sprains, swellings. Best pilecure on earth. Try it. Only 25c atUDeraorier's.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, "too.If you aie looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentpf your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harriette Wells Allan. Gaffney. S.C. says: II have had Bronchitis for about twenty years and 1) its the first medicine that has done me much good. IW. T. Brcoks, Agent.We. Know-BLOODINEWiU Help YouTo Regain Your StraogtK'-and Energy.'IsReport of the H.ui PhytJoUa m" a Leading New York Hospital "q oft the Cut of Catarrh."A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing' well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of''Bloodine'' into our hospital we curamore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and TJretha, Catarrh of the large in-rtestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelTioCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andl Catarrh of the Stomach are quickly1 iiTrorl txti.Vi '"Rlnr?inc " ThTvni'lf?iTL'Wtissues; gives new energy, new life.new blooa ana strength to any part orthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is a. powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ofvaluable tonic stimulants obtainedfrom vegetable drugs. "Bloodina'.contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden pain'temporarily, but give no permanent: relief or cure the cause of your disaaaa; "Bloodine is a powerful body builderand blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplysaw, rich red blood to the whole body.' FREE - To prove the wondirfolmerits of BLOODIKB we will mail &large sample bottle for 10 cents in afrver or stamps for postafa.Address, Thm Bloodine Cobpobation, Boston. Han..W.T. Brcoks, A.entf?rfj:hff'jwj iji's' i -yasnBSgaMM3BMRiW42?"'"ssaswjflSi-waKr-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 29, 1911,- m-wMM .ma .-7Ml,'I i&If 1i'IJfMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. E. M. Neal is improving.Mrs. R. S. Sanders continues quite111.Mr. Thomas McClintock is thoughtto be a little better again.Mr. Floyd, of Paris, spent Sundaythe guest of Miss Mary Taj lor.Miss Hazel Kerr has returred aftera visit to relatives at Maysville.Miss Doty, of Paris, is the guest ofher sister, Mrs. Henry Bowling.Mrs. Emma Johnson, of Carlis'le, isthe guest of Mrs, Mattie Furnell.Miss Susan Griffith, who dislocatedher hip recently, is -getting alcngnicely.Miss Katherine Gardner, of Paris, is. the guest of her sister, Mrs. E. B.j Taylor.Mr. William May and sister, MissGracp, are guests of Mr. Dan Hurstand family.Mrs. Bettie Martin is in Carlisle,called by the illness "of her niece, Mrs..John Powling.' Mrs. Jennie Lyle has returced toParis after a visit to her aunt, Mrs.iSue Sandusky.Mrs. Fred Robinson, of Stamping"Grounds, has been the recent guest cf.Mrs. Clarke Jones.Misses Lavina Reynolds and Lucia""Butler visited friends at Germantown.-antf attended the fair.Mr. Ollie Hurst, of Lexington, spent-Friday the guest of his uncle, Mr. F.'E. Hurst, and family.Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Ewing.of Waco,Tex.. spent the week end the guest ofMesdarties 0. H. Collier and J. R.Lopg.Jklrs. Robert Limeric and children,oftBerry, spent several days last weekthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. Clarket'Jones.Misses Florence and Laura Glenn, ofCincinnati, Miss Mary Shannon, ofCarlisle, and Miss Margaret Minogue,of Paris, spent the week with Mrs.SJas. Connell.Among those from a distance whoattended the funeral of Mrs. I. F.Cnanslor were: Mrs. Abel Reese, Mr.Abe Reescj, Miss Jnnnie Reese, Mr.Chas. Reese, Mr. Henry Reese, Mrs.Henry M. Pylps and Mr. Henry M.Pyles, of Helena Station, and Mr.Chas. Jefferson, of Maysville.r Mrs. I. F. Chanslor. of Millersburg,-Cdied at the Good Samaritan-, Hospital,! iMH.cin-i'GkWEiasSpecials! Rem:aslluu?STLadies White Canvas Button Shoes,high Cuban heel, piain toe, shortvamps. $3.00 value. While they lastSpecial .Come to Us for Your Footwear-We Save You MoneyDAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Eicclric Sign.Lexingten, Thursday morning at 11o'clock at the age of 70 years. Shewas taken to the hospital in a criticalcondition, but it was hoped that adoperation would save her life. Theoperation failed to bring relief.She is survived by her,, husband andeight children as follows : Mrs. FrankArmstrong, Maysville; Mrs. BerryBedford, Lexington; Mrs. Tom Wilson, this place; W. T. Chanslor, LittleRock; Misses Anna, Florence andLillian, living at home and Mr. 1. F.Chanslor, Jr., of Maysville. The remains were brought here Thursdaynight and taken to her late home'where the funeral services were heldFriday afternoon, tiurial in Shannoncemetery Saturday morning. Mrs.Chanslor was a Miss Reese, of Masoncounty before hpr marriage to Mr. 1.F. Chanslor. The family have theheartfelt sympathy of the entire community in this, their hour of trouble.Mrs. Dr. Deans is able to be outafter being confined t& the house forseveral weeks.Mr. Robert Johnson 'and Mr. AllenIngles visited at Germantown andattended the fair.Miss Louetta Collier has returnedfrom a several weeks' stay at LakeChautauqua, N. Y.Miss Ethel Collins, who has beenconfined to her room for several daysis able to be out again.Mrs. R. H. Hall and children havereturned to their home at Paris aftera visit to Mrs. S. B. Turner.Mrs. J. W. Mock and children havereturned after a two weeks' visit torelatives at Carrs Landing.Mr. and Mrs. S. K. Proctor entertained with a dining Wednesday attheir country home a short distancefrom town.Mebsrs. Mack Grimes, Alex Miller,Alex Hawes, J. H. Barnes and Garland Fisher attended the Germantownfair last week.Master Ellis Troy, son of Mr. andMrs. F. W. Troy, Jr., entertained anumber of his little friends with abirthday dinner Friday evening.Misses Mattie Mclntyre and littleniece have returned after a visit toLexington. They were accompaniedby her sister, Mrs. Chas. Howard, ofLexington.Cost of Living.The award of six cents to a Brooklyn woman, kissed without her consent, shows that In some respects thecost of living in that borough is notunreasonably high. New York World.FINAL CUT ON ALLMinorBeginning This WeekslfALL j&Walk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.For This Week$219SpecialWhistling Kettle.A new whistling kettle has a long,narrow neck at the top, by which itis both filled and emptied. This Iscovered by a cap the length of theneck, and at the top of his is awhistle which acts directly the kettleLoiis by reason of the steam passingthrough it.Properly Applied."This paper," remarked an Irishwoman to her husband as they sat attea, "says that some feller declaresthere he sermons in stones. Phwatq'yez think av that?" "Oi dunnoabout the sermons," replied the goodman, "but many a good ar-rgumenthas coom out ov a brick, Oi'mthinklnV'Amateur Aeroplanes.Very small boys of the East sidehave solved unconsciously the principles of the box kite and the aeroplane. They take an ordinary paperbag, cut the end out of it so that itremains merely a cylinder of paper,tie a short bit of string to the endwhere the bottom used to be for atall, then attach the end of a spool ofthread to the opposite end of the bagThe Improvised kite flies easily andsteadily as high as the roofs of thetallest tenements. New York Sun.Good" Market for Pianos.There is' probably no country in theorld where pianos are more usedIn proportion to population, and considered more necessary as features ofhome life, than in Australia. No matter how humble the home or howremote it may be from large cities,a piano is usually a leading featureof it. About 15,000 pianos are soldevery year in the country.Woman's' Reasun:Elliott R. Hooten of Indianapoliswas questioning a woman "Who was areluctant witness, and he inquired:"Why did you leave that Hotel?" "Iobject," shouted Her attorney. Thenbegan a wrangle concerning the admissibility of the question, which thecourt finally decided to be perfectlyproper. Mr. Hooten then saidr "Now,madam, please tell us why yon leftthat hotel." "Well;" she" said', "justbecause."wwrsmumiMXummmjtiIMPFgm miSSuSSsujua flyLadies' latest style two-strap VelvetPumps. Very comfortable for thishot weather.tiffin & tfFb 4&L- W I B & VSURF RIDING IS FINEKANAKA STANDS AMIDST THESWIFT RUNNING WAVES.Jack London's! VLvid Description ofThis South Sea Amusement aPracticed at Waikiki Beach.Much has been written about the"native sport of surf riding in the Southseas, but the following descriptionfrom London's "Cruise of the Snark,"is novel and very vivid. The localityreferred to is Waikiki beach, nearHonolulu:The trees grow right down to thesalty edges of things, and one sits intheir shade and looks seaward at amajestic surf thundering in on thebeach to one's very feet. Half a mileout, where is the reef, the white heading combers thrust suddenly skywardout of the placid turquoise blue andcome rolUng in to shore.And suddenly, out there where abig smoker lifts skyward, rising like aseagod from out of the welter ofspume and churning white, on .thegiddy, toppling, overhanging anddownfalling, precarious crest appearsthe dark head of a man. Swiftly herises through the rushing white. Hisblack shoulders, his chest, his loins,his limbs all is abruptly projected onone's vision. Where but the momentbefore was only the wide desolationand invincible roar, is now a man,erect, full stattrred, not strugglingfrantically in that wild movement, notburied and crushed and buffeted bythose mighty monsters, but standingabove them all, calm and superb,poised on the giddy summit, his feetburied in the churning foam, the saltsmoke risfng to his Xnees, and all therest of Mm in the free air and flashingsunlight, cmd he is flying through theafr, flying forward, flying fast as thesurge on which he stands. He fs aMercury a brown Mercury. His heelsare winged', and in them is the swiftness of the sea. In truth, from out ofthe sea he Iras leaped upon the backof the sea, and he is riding the seathat roars and belTows and cannotshake him from its back. But nofrantic ontreaching and balancing ishis. He is impassive, motionless as astatue carved' suddenly by some miracle out of the sea's depths from whichhe rose. And straight on towardshore he flies on his winged heeTs andt&e white crest of the breaker. Thereis a' wild burst of foam, a long multitudinous rushing sound as the breakerfalls futile and spent at your feet;and there, at your feet steps calmlyashore a Kanaka.Greerr Turtles of Indiarr Ocean.Concerning the great turtles of theSouth-west 'Indian ocean a travelersays: "The cheloman, or green turtle(Chelbne mydas), fs an animal of considerable economic importance to theato$T, for it stilT occurs in the vasthordes which are so often describedby early voyagers in the tropics.There appear to be two distinctgroups one resident and small innumbers, the other migratory and visiting the atoO to breed in numbersimpossfble to estimate."The latter arrives in December,and from then to April the sea seemsalive with turtle. The females seekthe small sand beaches and then ascend them with the rising tide, pushing themselves laboriously above hightide mark. Holes are then dug in thesand by means of the fore flippers until a satisfactory one is obtained, andthe eggs, 200' in number, are buried,the turtle returning to sea immediately. "After forty days the eggs hatch,afrnost simultaneously, and the youngturtles dig their way up out of thesand and go down to the sea in a longprocession in the course of which theyoffer an easy prey to their enemies,the- frigate birds and herons. Once inthe sea sharks and other large fisheat them, and only 10 per cent, reach.maturity.'"Smoke Dissipated.The practical way to ouViate the annoyance of smoke is to dissipate itbefore it leaves the chimney top in agaseous volume. A German professorbelieves he has found a way to securethis result without chemical or mechanical aid.Described in Die Umschau, the professor's chimney is perforated on allsides by what might be called littlehorizontal windows. As the furnacesmoke and gases rise they are mixedwith air, both before and after emergence, by the eddy forming action ofthe wind passing through the openings. From the time the smoke entersthe chimney and reaches the height ofthe lower openings, which receive thewind from any quarter, the intermingling begins, and in each stage of iisupward movement the volume becomes less and less. At the mouth ofthe chimney the outpour is comparatively small and so diluted with airthat only a sheet of dark blue smokewaving like a flag to the leeward isseen, where, under other conditions;there would be a cloudlike column ofdense black smoke a mile long.Chimneys constructed on the professor's plan look not unlike windowedtowers. -A Cool Costume.Rather startling is the announcement in a seaside paper that "tanshoes are very much worn this Bummer. Hundreds of the cottages wearnothing else." A pair of t tar. shoesaeriaiuly makes a very cqqI costurao.One LotNETTLBTONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Calf while we have your sizeHJBm H-THfltfm viwviiirns.No more tickets given on1"AUTOMOBILING WITH PAY"KmmmmmVsSSJmSjSBLjTM "' ujL JmkPLEASANT WORKChauffers and garage men in great demand. More cars sold in 1911r Iso iar, tnan in any previous year, ana iyi moaeis are now uviug using delivered. TRAINED MEN aTe3 wanted. More than 150 men (including 13 regular members of Cincinnati Police Dept.) have completedour course this Summer. Chauffeurs earn from $60 to $125 a monthNext 5 weeks1 class starts soon. "Write to-day for booklet, "Automobiling With Pay."Y. Ml C A. Automobile School,TA7 TXTr 1-11 I -rr-n-rinl- COur Store is ClosedTemporarily on Account f Recent FireBennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer: Bislding, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYOur T inp nver is Very Complete.Just the thing forweddingREMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.rri ur r r i.. nt- nniicaBoth Phones.fd1015393WAmraffle until furtfxer notice&.1- GOOD SALARIESmIftm na nn en un mfrlinG1 iLiftp.r iKaiitT "ftlft "lj