I. Jv .-,VVTHE BOURBON NEWS.--JrPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IK" THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1911.NUMBER 7- ftInsure with W. O. Hinton.lPrompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYfMaii Howard.Paris GrandFriday Night, January 27Greatest Realistic Drama o! theCentury,THEWOLFBY EUGENE WALTERS,Author of "Paid in Full."PRICES 25c TO $1.00Seats on Sale Wednesday morningat Mitchell & Blakemorc's,Read the Advertisement.Read J. T. Hinton's dipslay adBig closing out reductions on a lot ofodd pieces.irAIvPay The GashFor Your Goods and Get Out ofthe Credit Habit.I Sell Better Groceries For LessMoney than any House in Paris.Standard Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00Lemon Cling Peaches, per can 182 Potatoes, per bu 75Jg Lard, 100 per cent, pure, per lb 14 1-2Aspargus, (Libby's) per can .. . v . .25Jfc Aspargus Tips, (Libby's) per can 25g 3 Bars Lenox Soap 101g 3 Boxes Matches 10W Ladies' Talk Flour, 25 lb. Sack .' '..' 65 VjfW Ladies' Talk Flour, 50 lb. Sack '. .... 1.30 WJ Ladies' Talk Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55 WLadies' Talk Flour people say: Buy a sack, take it hty home, try it, if it's not the best, or equal to the best, A4JS Jb lour you have ever tned, send the remainder that youf3 nave; nuL usea oacK to me. lour money reiunded and no IIcharge for the amount used. yjAI The Grocery Store of Quality, (fcr. C. LENIHAN, Prop. jBoth Phones 234 0DEATHS.Mr Jeptha Lancaster, the oldestmale citizen of Lexington, lackingless than seven years in rounding outthe century mark, died at the home ofhis daughter, Mrs. Robert B. -Elliott,in that city Thursday night at 10o'clock.Mr. Lancaster was a native of Fayette county, having been born atAthens September 25, 1817. thereforeapproximately four months ittore than93 years of ae. Mr. Lancaster wasmarried in Henry county September1, 1843, to Miss Sallie Booth, who preceded to the grave fourteen years.To their union, Ja most happy one,were born fourteen children, ten ofwhom survive their parents. They are,in order of their ages: Mr. GeorgeW. Lancaster, of Omaha, Neb. : Mr.Charles J. Lancaster, of Paris; Mr.'E.O. Lancaster, of Lexington ; Mrs.Nannie Floyd, wife of Rev. J. F.Floyd, of Charlottestown, PrinceEdward Island, Canada; Mrs. RallieLloyd, wife of S. 8. Lloyd, of Lexington; Miss Margaret Lancaster, ofLexington; Mr John L. Lancaster, ofBrcoksville, Ky., and Messrs Henryand Horace Lancaster, of Lexington.Mr. Lancaster in early life was astock trader and building contractor inLexington. Later he engaged in farming in Henry county ; returnpd to Lexington where for many years he conducted a meat store. He retired frombusiness about twenty years ago.The direct cause "of his death waspneumonia, though for months pasthe had been on a steady, gradual decline, incident to his extreme age.Until the beginning of the presentwinter he had retained his vigor to aremarkable degree and his mentalityremained unimpaired to the end.The funeral services were held atthe residence of Mrs. Elliott Saturdayafternoon at 3 o'clock. Rev. I. J.Spence, pactor of the Central Christianchuch officiated, and the interementfollowed in the Lexington cemetery.The pall-bearers were his six son:Messrs. G. W., C. J.. E. C. John,Henry and H. C. Lancaster, who werealso the pall-baerers at the funeral oftnir mother fourteen years ago.Paris' Greatest Offering.The marvelous offer of $5.00 goldfilled glasses with lenses properly fitted to each individual at the iow figureof $1.00 drew hundreds of people whoconsulted the expert opticians at Varden & Son's drug store on Main street.Their work being high-class, peopleof Paris are taking advantage of thissale and great care is taken with eachindividual and his or her eyes is givenspecial study and attention.All work is guaranteed for one yekragainst breakage; lenses are exchanged free ot charee'and a guarantee-" fsgiven with each pair sold making isthe greatest offer that the eye sufferers of Paris have had in years. So ifyou are having trouble withjyour eypswe advise you to take advantage ofthis wonderful offer which will closeJanuary 28 and will positively neverpresent itself again.BIRTHS.MITCHELL niMJRLlftotototototototoTOGARDSThe most luxurious accessory in existance. Little soft stocking protectors foreverybody. Fit snugly over the forepart of the bare foot, underneath thestocking. Will positively prevent thesheerest socks or stockings from wearing through at the toes.Price 1 0c per pair.We have a full line of Very handsome silk stockings for the ladies at75c per pair.iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW.".0Born, on Wednesday to the wifelof Mr. Thoa. Brannock, who resides onthe Ruddles Mills pike, a son ; weight,9 pounds.Mr. Henry B. Vincent Coming.On tonight, January 24, at 7 :30 p.m. there will be given an organ recital at the new Baptist church by Mr.Henry B. Vincent, of chiutauquafame. Mr. Vincent has been in Parisbefore and everyone who heard him ismost enthuisastic and eager to hearhim again. Avail yourself of this rarennnnrf-.nnit.v to hear a man on tne-.1 .3!-l Mnt Ailmiscinn Tuyieiiuiu new uigau.cents.mmwmmmwmwMwwwwwmmAdmission 'oOU2ijfciTX'r,0.&?:siisK3i&r.'ivVi;wiA.vi" nrw.V Tk i C tfAi ?VVC !3lJV VS7r!KV2p'WC&3.5.tX sSfc-X- 3&3K- 2&Z'fWJUeWS9JW90lK fWx , l?PSH3gftl ggftSMfeWiw iTr ? irir . i-jtc- r xt . iIxr . liorvOu 7r,.i?liV'V"l'7iN Sifswfr'tfaiiCLEARING SALE!OF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commence Saturday, Jan. 7,sssrSfW.vA2tauimiiiiiiiiuaimrifiimiiMmmmim!miiimmgFRANK & CO. ,The Ladies' Store.AnnouncetmMB-'AVJIjSuits and Overcoats sold at S30, now Suits and Overcoats sold at $22.50, now$24.75 $1 7.SOSuits and Overcoats sold at $25, now Suits and Overcoats sold at 20 and $18,$19.50 Now $15Suits and Overcoats sold at 27.50 and Suits and Overcoats sold at $15 and$28, now $16, now$21.50 $12.50)ivVmmmmissmit. !fesfepsReady For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesIN&3!White GoodsGinghamsSheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviotsLinens'gSgjjswx7mmtSrecial Prices on Boys' Suits and Overcoats.50 pairs Men's and Young- Men's All-Wool Pants,choice $1.00.Heavy Fleecs Underwear 38c, worth 50c.sold from 1.50 to $3.50, WkSpecial Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin UnderwearHamburgs and LacesYOUR TRADE SOLICITEDFRANK & CO.XI:iiImPR ICE & CO Clothiers.BinutiimjHiiiriMwiiHmiiiuiiiiiuiumuiiiiHiHiitiifiHiHiniiiiirirrmHiiniiHwwumnMHWWWWWIBmmvv- siTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 24, 191131m toddWins -No. 1026There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theifettleton Shoeywhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.mGeo M cWillams,The ShoeTIVfan.THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 2$ Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$.00 SIX MONTHS. Payable in Advance$1.00A Treat For All Classes WhoTSmoke.An Idol Giar in his mouth forhis own delectation, a few inhis pocket for his frieuJj, ia tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, all lye whoare fond of a"J good smoko, tothe cigar and tobacco emporium, the sign above whose doorisThe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.JUST SAY "WHEN"and we will stop cutting oifthose nice tender chops always!to be had at this market. Justthe things for breakfast .r evendiuner if you do not care tobother with a roast. Our lambClark Chosen for Speaker.It h'now Mr. Sppaker-elect Clarkfor Thursday night at their caucus inWashington the men who will constitute the Democratic membership ofthe next House of Representatives declared the minority leader of the present House to be their choice forSpeaker in the next Congress.This action was unanimous, and political historians at the Capitol said itis the first time in nearly a centurythat a Democrat had been nominatedfor the Speakership without nppositicn, except in cases where u manwho has been Speaker was re-electedto that office.While Champ Clark enjoys thisunique distinction, it has been a foregone conclusion for some time that hewould be the unanimous choica of thecaucus.But unlike his predecssors in theofiice.Jhe will not be vstedwith a greatpower, inasmuch under the newjregimahe will not be authurized to appointthe committees of the House.This will be done by a committee ofwhich the Speaker himself will not bea member. Mr. Clark, therefore, willalso enjoy the privilege of being thefirst presiding office of the House notto possess the extensive power exercised by men who previously have servedin that position.(Pottery Clay Found in Glasgow.Pottery clay'was last week discover-! ed on the suburban farm of A. L. Harris, a well known traveling man ofGlasgow, and the discovery means another new industry for that city. Upon investigation itwas found in unilited quantities. One kind is a reddishcolor, while the other is the ordinarypottery clay. A movement is now onto organize a stock company for thepurpose of deveJopina the find. Theclay was discoverpd by workmen whowere letting out brick for the streets.Killing of Babe is Charged.Laura Alice Gray and her mother,Mrs. Lucy Gray, of the Shiloh neighborhood, Nicholas county, were arrested and taken to 'Carlisle Saturday onwarrants iFsued from the County Courtcharging them with the alleged killingof an infant child found dead in thatneighborhood. The authorities, suspecting foul play", had the body of thechild exhumed, in the Shiloh graveyardwhere it had been buried, and on examination, it is alleged it was foundchat a portion of the child's head wascrushed, a pin was found it its headand a wound at the corner of the righteye.MillSF pHonored by WomenWhen a woman speaks of hersilent secret suffering shetrusts you. Millions have bestowed this mark of confidence on Dr. R. V. Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y. Everywhere there are women whobear witness to the wonderworking, curing-power of Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescriptionrwhich saves the suffering sexfrom pain, and successfullygrapples with woman's weaknesses and stubborn tils.IT MAKES WEAK WOrtEN STRONGIT HAKES SICK WOMEN WELL.No woman's appeal was ever misdirected or her confidence misplaced when she wrote for advice, tothe World's Dispensary Medical Association, Dr.R. V. Pierce, President, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets induce mild natural bowel movement once s day.m .HS2:dxSSmft39&!2SxKme22&tx?nmVersailles Fair.ofnty Fair Association nto ghold the Woodford ftis year on August ,2, o MRirAt a meeting of the stuckholdprsthe Woodford Couit was decided 'County Fair thand 4. Large premiums will be off er-ed for saddle and harness horses. TheVYooaiord uounty Association nas oneof the best mile tracks in the Stateand accommodations for abrut a hundred horses, and the fair this year isexpected to be one of the best in Kentucky.Just as Guilty. j"IE you're ono of those aggravating 'persons that makes everybody else ,swear," says the Philosopher of Tolly,"you are guilty of profanity, though)you never uttered a cuss word m yourlife."Allthe talking we can do in favor of FOX RIDGEwiirnot convince you of its superiorquality half so rapidly as asample load.w. c. DODSON,PARIS, KY.CxSgQr2lQiis2,3t&rSSCTD$22eBQgjf a Man Said It?'When women are doing fancy workwith their needle they are often doisembioldery with their tongues.""Maxims and Musings." by the Marchionebh Tounsend.Liquor Case Affirmed.The case of Brown & Proctor vs.Hughas. Mayor, etc., from Winchester, was affirmed Friday, the Court' rf Annontc hrlrlirnr fhof- fVio binal nn.is the'real thing Ko reading jtion election of 1909. when the wholemutton, but genuine springlamb, teuder, sweet and juicy.Try it and you'll surely enjoy it.BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto es, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOCKSoc. iL-sirlM WSSSRlllMcJIl 'Ail linnThat "do not a prison make'are no- the kind we keep. Oulocks, bolts, etc., are ti.e kindthat stay locked and bolted.ThejT arc not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassure. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.LOWRY & TALBOTTtoIW Telephone No. 4.tototototototototoz$to .. -Bourbon Laundryc.ty went wet, did not altect the precincts that went dry in the 1899 election when each precinct voted separately and that these dry precinctsmust vote separately ou the liquorquestion hefoie the result of 1899 canbe changed.James Still Wants Primary.Congressman Ollie M. James hassent a letter to members of the Democratic State Executive Committee urging them, at their meeting in Louisville tomorrow, to include in the callfor the State primary the UnitedStates SenatorshiD. He says there isno good reason why the people shouldbe given a chance to nominate a stateticket in a primary and not also nominate a candidate .for Senator in thesame way. He dendjs the talk ofcandidates for Senator helping to electDemocratic Legislators because theyare interested in getting their votesfor Senator and savs that if a man willbetray his party before the election hewould do so afterward. Mr. Jamesearnestly begs the committee to rescind its action excluding the Senatorship, and live up to the party pledgeswhich commit tiie party to the electionof Senators by the direct votes of thepeople.An Aot Description."This is what I call a hand-to-moutheitencf." cjghed tho dramatic criticas ho tried to cover his yawn with hisriq;ht hand for the eighteenth timeluring the first performance of Dull-"trlfs new comic opera. Harper's.Vrokly.Lifting Pcvcr cf Magnet.A wi ought-iron electromagnet. ha.ins a core of one squari inch ;irn. cc-jbe made to carry 150 pounds, the lifting power of larger ones being in thesame proportion.Free SampleAids Old MenOh as. S. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed. tSeed Oats. .yHemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.Both 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.Defends Kentucky Horses.D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.toThe sudden change from years ofactivity of both body and mind tothe quiet of later years causes thehuman system to undergo manychanges, chief of which is in the digestive organs.It becomes harder and harder to get thebo-.yels to move promptly and regularlyand in consequence many elderly men suffer not only from the basic touble. constipation, but from indigestion, headache,belching, sour stomach, drowsiness aftereatincr and similar annoyances. It is firstof all necessary to keep the bowel3 openiinu iin:ii io tone me uipresuve muscles so,as to set them to again do their worknaturally. A violent cathartic or purgative is not only unnecessary but harm- iful. and something mild will do the woikjust as well. ;After you have got through experimenting with salts and pills and waters ofvarious kinds, and have become convincedthat they do only temporary good at best.'then try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a Imild, gentle, pleasant-tasting laxativetonic that is especially adapted to the'requirements of old people, women andchildren, and yet is effective enough foranybody. Your druggist, who has handledit successfully for a nuarter of a. wn-tury. will sell you a bottle for fifty cents!or one aouar. nut ir you want to makea test of it before spending any moneysend your name and address to Dr. Caldwell and he w ill gladly send you a samplebottle free of charge.This remedy is rapidlv displacing aliother forms of medication for the cureof stomach, liver and bowel trouble andfamilies like Mr. O. F. Wisher's of Sycamore. 111., and Mrs. Carrie Culler's of325 N. Notre Dame street. South Bend.Ind.. are now never without it in thehouse. They have tested it and know itafrrand value to every member of theEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon Count- Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When 'you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone Co.IncorporatedA discusisun as to the relative merits o horses bred on the ranges of thepreat northwest and-- 1. tnl.nl-.a n ww ri II " f'S-tn.S'. - - rt ..n-.A. -. . . .ui xcuiui;uy tumcup uuiuic cue ciuubu 10 kivc you any mcuicai advice you mayat Washington not long ago. The dis- J Leslie for yourself or familv pertaining tol-hn nit: aiuiikiuii. uver or noweis aosoiuieiy. . .. v, vi i-iiuij,!.. uiliuil tuui iciaJ ill u.in the Blue Grass i 'nr haifiwn nnniv TOm v.Q ir,00A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry our theday we promise it. and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.tosoBourbon Laundry,svvlAX Paris. Kentucky. &W " J'W . m . tne wor'jifigVs. TCrrPrJPEJSFvPSFsalcussion was over a provision inarmy anjoptiation bill providing for atraining station for horses in Virginia,but the provision has dropped fromthe bill on a po5nt of order. Representative Martin, c f South Dakota, andRepresentative Mondell of Wyoming,supported the range horse, while lerpsentatives Harvey Helm and A. 0.Stanley argued for the Kentuckyhorse. Mr. Mondell took tne groundthat the army needed horses that werewell trained in rarified air and dry climate, the former conditions producing great lung power and the lattertending to harden the hoof. Mr. Stanley didnt' take any stock in the rarified air and great lung power. "Ahorse." he shouted, amid a gale oflaughter, "doesn't run on his lungs.A statesman can. A good horse needssomething besides a capacity to blow.Why, sir, you might as well think ofsending a delegation to the garden ofEden, to the North pole, or a troop ofangels from the pearly streets of paradise or thejdepths of hell as to suggestthat a man should leave Kentuckylooking for a horse. Fur the horseand the woman Kentucky challengesand claims unquestionablesupremacy. rftS!&iJK XX&XSSat!WE SELLRIGHT PRICESletter anil lie will vply to you in detail. 'ji'or me iree sample simply send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.500 Caldwell builJins-. Monticello, 111.NOTICE TO CREDITORS.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.SamanthaWalls'Assignee.etcPlaintih"vs.Her creditors, etc., Defendants.NOTICE.All persons having claims, createdprior to the 29th day of November,1909, against Mrs. Samantha Walls orher assigned estate, are notified thatthey must present same to the undersigned properly proven, prior to the15th day of r February, 1911, or thesame will be barred by the order ofthe court.RUSSELL MANN.M, C. Bourbon Circuit Court.20 3t eot .How is YourCOAL BIN?The mercury goes down and down,Coaxed on by zero weather;The coal bin too, and with many a frownYou see them go down together!While we can't stop the mercury fromgoing to the bottom, we are preparedto fill your bins to the top.LUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SftSHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing. SJj TEMPLIN LUMBER CO. 8v '-( -yTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. .24, 1911.TKe Tramp and Little NellSung by Miss Jessie irwin of the "Lyric Cofn sy: 'tJ.!iPverrr?Lr2:- -4 -5CDC?-- --fc----55lit-tle jfirl lias gone." lie &aid,"Bnt where, I cannot tell; She left her home a year a - o. Her name was lit - tie Nell !'was a voice a-hove the rest, A voice of mag-ic spell ; It sounded like his darlin.; girl'sjlie voice of lit-tle Nell!Moderate.yn "u&T&JZXT:V-- V- ,-m-V1. One day airampstopnM ly iheivay And liiil for just a crust; The (earsslream'd down lii.siiiikeni'hei'k.Rc-2. He hade a- dieu. with heav-y heart. And wunder'd down the Jane; He wfelfd to see his lit -tie Nell. If-" h o m km m . . . 0T coa voce 1SSTZ P t- i!'g,fK ar - - m - m m It2rzrte7zzt , z zi..g jd- .,- ?gr.- z: f j .zsBgL2zLz:-bzr- ? 1 ::ptr- 1 -' J l-f !bLk0&Bzi-o:?- 0irrimM with i-tain and diM.on - ly once :i-.rniu;v -v&&&&:--i-x---.: vCHORUS.Valse lente.z3tt-z-z.-gZy 3 0Z2?-?-T----uTvas on - ly'Oh, God" 'tislit - tie Nell and I, A - lwie down on the farm;lit - tie Xdl!" he cried, Then sank in wild de - spair;II'veIHM-lothwprethread-hare.pateh'd.and torn. A shah-hy hat ho grasped, AndHe tnidgM for ma - ny wea - ry hours, And reach'd the lown hy night, Wherey"fO '70 , I " 1 1 i 1&&3-!l -&-zzm- 3zi- - -1 z&rzz zspzzz-1 r --ry-3:mZtiEz1 zPEJEEF -fiE zEEEz: zSzg" zrfESzz rpz: 4fczjKr1z3 , 1 j , T--, 1 , j ---i i tzy ! ; I w l f -7-' STr?-C- - '-"- Jr- JEJ j zz-- - -r . iss-;zzn: fz- JZ3----z5:.j7.P-7' ."X.VsKJ-&---X,a tempo.--T- 1.JT.Itet;nev - er thought the day should pass When she wculd comesearch'd the wca - ry world lor her. And Hcav'ii . has heard1to harm Themy pray'r; But-,-tood then tivmhiing like a teaf, His coal he tiirht-ly clasped. The tillage IdacksmithstoppM his work. Andjmu - pie m him to and fro, And shudder'd at the .-iyht. At last he found a real - ing place, Twasovi z'-a m Z.n Z- 1-z zzV$"j railJtZtzzVsi.eh ,a tempo.j , Z 7" -LA U.! j ! ....... t - I I( EzMBZEEzz p Jt- -&3- - i- rrzzz:z;- Z2trS5?7--EE -'- g Zbg 1- ' '-rlag tt- i:lfc, K5p , 0dihs zzzzzzzzzr-lzrzzziv zzzzzzzzzi- ; --i- -xj 2 1 1 '. 1 , 1 ; 1 j 1 w. I s 1home is gone, and I'm a r.r.mp, I once was do - ing well ; Entmay she nev - cr lrnow the pain Her fa - thtrs hart can tell!" 15c-y7 ? te $ g- g - g -g-7 l-g yVpzzE-F""F -T-- - --3: ? EzErEB3zzzEtzEt"E51 fK'Mm-S--zzz:-N-bS3r-gs va tempo.--m-km-l"kd tho .-trang-ir o"tr;at a mail -&iou dour.TIumi kind - ly hade him take a seat The tramp so tired and sore. ".MyWhore rev - el - rv was high with -in. And laugh-ter loud did soar. There:z2$r?-7 --uHz5--i?-.7--:Jzzzzzzu-rTzrr- zzz--- iV :: Vtr ' a tempo. , 1rail. l 1' -4 . ! V7Z3-zE2z.o-1 - -1 V?zzL?:?-Zz:zzcc.f-X-r-lev - 'ry - thing has leftside that door, in dy-n.i-Z2U"K2-.&. .9.5Z?E?E1me, I orinr, St IIII'hi hunt - inghe hle.-j'd hisZC2Iifzfzzzz!z:-;zz.t9- $.-:.-ch:zlit - tielit - tieNell:"...,Nell:MB.C.ztJZZ ZZZ:JPublished by AMERICAN MELODY Co., New York.TIic Tramp and I.iltle Xcll 2 pp 21 o.LOUISVILLE. KY.1 Established 1837Highest marketprice paidPIIRQj rawand HlUtb.WOOLS COMMISSIOKCurtis & OverbyfhniMoBARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford" 3 Oitialrs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.;df8simssmmWilCHOLERAKILLSCurtis & Overby.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Don't 'et this mostdestructive of allinfectious diseasesftrp g a "grip" onf yur noc!C-"A few drops orBOURBOH POULTRY CUREj in the drinking v.-atcr cures and preventsCholera, LJmbcrneck, Roup and otherCifers his services to the people of j exiting forms of poultry disease, and puts"Bourbon and surrounding counties, fowls in prune condition lor ejrg-iaying.Satisfaction guarantee or no charge j 0e 50c bcttlc makes 12 Gallons of medicinectiargemacte. Evcry ?outy ra;?cr si,ouid keep a bottleSpecialty made of Live Stock, Real f this msdicine on hand.Estate and UaiiK btocK.MIRRORSRE-SILVEREDBYC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, Opp.Windsor HotelUpholstering,Repairing,Refinishing.I have just received a newline of samples for upholstering covers.Home 'Phone 2f5.East Tenn. 392.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoflice will receive prompt, attention." T5 ?. -$wlfc0&IF ' HMrs5mLnr27&&3Kttmm r w.Bt :K ''V"MmmiFor Stile by W. T. Brooks.octDaug-Special WinterTourist TicketsVIAProfessional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.",Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Ollice ."514 Main Street.. T? rn -ionI Ollice Phones ) jjome yjuim: vOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.J. IIKIIM'I.MHIV liril'.KII (Jilt?. LUU.U 3'OU are looking for "The" I Residence Honiei.Hat you'll find it in our pres- jout handsome display of smartmillinerv. Tll. A. H KELLEK,n e have made extra ellortsthis season to reach the idea ofoveiy woman and feel confidentf your securing a satisfactoryi urchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.I J Practicing Physician,OflSces, Rooms 4 and .", Elk's BhPgParis, - KentuckyJ. WIXiUAAIS,ATEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 ElkiBinldin8:.v a.1. " 'On Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and Liberal'Stop-Overs., e :5'J ' W" X J f'l'Z. " ' 4, $' 4' f '' JTrjMPK 'Cf J - 3 -f99At Paris Grand, Friday Night, January 7th.J.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Safe 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest ; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, etc., callon write, W.H. HARRIS. Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.jRnnk Lanqborn Hot and ColdManicuring 35 Cents, RAT H VShampooing 25 Cents. j' Hot and cold bathsWork done promptly and satisfaction Everything neat andguaranteed.augK'.fcfEast Tenn. Phone G9Disraeli's Humor.I was introduced by particular request to lUrs. Wyndham Lewis, a pretty little woman, a flirt and a rattle:indeed, gifted with a volubility Eshould think unequaled and of which -Ican convey no Idea. She told me shliked "silent, melancholy men." I an- .'swered that I had no doubt of it.barbers always ready to wait on the letter of Benjamin Disraeli to his sls-traae. xno long waits." iou are next. erJoe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentM. A. KAHAL.The Real Mourners.The Bull Pup "How did you losej your tail, old man?" The Yellow CurAt Geo. Alex-nder Co.'s ,! ;.?Do L S2Representing Old Reliable Companies. I YeHow Cur "Not as much as theInsurance against Fire, "Wind and boys do who used to tie tin cansLightning.- to it".Your patronage Holicited. j "- - .. -..Mysterious Woman. ' tV."hen a woman declares she's go-Ing to bring her husband up with a .round turn c.in she possibly have iamind the hangman's noose?If Abe Martin Has No Objection.Link Gillenwater says no man kinbe religious when he's breakia in apair o new shoes. More'n half o" thcocoanuts ain't wot they're cnieketiup to be.rC2 ,: - " i;V I. .J.5r "-?,' v'i "''''"" 'ik ''"i MlTHE -BOURBON EWS, PARIS; .ENTtICKY, JAN 24, 1911.I?-tlVANNOUNCEyTl mAw0fmJANUARY CLEARANCE SALEMuslin Underwear and White SaleIME MmIEnds Saturday, January 28th.When we say Clearance Sale we mean a big cut in prices in every department. Good, clean merchandise at greatly reduced prices. We wish to call your attention to our beautiful, new, clean Muslin Underwear at prices that will astonish you. We will also include in this SaleSilks,Dress Goods,Wash Goods,v White Goods," Linens,Towels and Crash,Counterpanes,Laces,Embroideries,Handkerchiefs,Table Linens and Napkins.Fancy Linen Pieces.Lace Curtains,Chiffon and Silk Waists,Umbrellas,Dress Skirts;Silk Petticoats,Comforts, Blankets, Etc.Ii:We will not quote prices on the above, but as usual will be "there with the goods."None can undersell us Wait for this Big Sale.;dlFOR SALE.Foos Jr., 2-horse power gas enginein good condition. Reason for sellingwill install electric motor. Cost $125.Will sell' for $60 cash. Apply tothe: bourbon news.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.At the Lexington Opera House.Possibly the most important attraction of the present theatrical season athe Lexington Opera House is the engagement of Virginia Harned Tuesday evening, January 24. Miss Harnedwill proffer a new play, "Thft WomanHe Married," by Herbert Bashford.the well known dramatist, that dealswith a new phase of New York life.Competent critics declare it is betterthan anything Miss Harned has hadsince her point starring tours withE. H. Southern not ecxepting "Iris"in which, under Mr. Charles Frohman'smanagement she had two years of immense success in London and NewYoric.irrmifiargoien s.Lamb,Beef,Pork,Veal.Fish-Dressed toOrder."Raffles," impersonated by KyrleBellew, who made him famous, willbe at the Lexington Opera HouseWednesday, January 25.Although the play has been presented in every section of the country andMr. Bellew has made "Raffles" almosta household name, so many requestscame to the manager during the fall fora new production of this thrillingdrama that Mr. Frohman asked Mr.Bellew whether he would play it foranother season. And Mr. Bellew replied that nothing would give himgreater pleasure as in his thirty oddyears of stage experience no role hadever given him so keen enjoyment inthe playing.It will ba the first reappearance ofMr. Bellew in this notable part ,in sixyears and theatre goers throughoutAmerica are eagerly anticipating hisreturn to th delightfully suave gentleman cracksman. The play is adaptedfrom E. W. Hornung's well knownstories and almost everyone knows thehsitory of this clever polished burglar.Associated with Mr. Belle ware MissGladys Hanson, Miss Folliett Paget,Frank Connor, Jane May.Jane Tyrrell,Ernest Stallard and Frank Westerton.THEATRIAL."The Wolf," which comes to theParis Grand nxt Friday evening, tellsof the temptation that comes to a little girl whose life has been all too barren of joy, owing to the harshness of anarrow-minded father. The girl isgood and sweet all through, however,and her purity enables her to judgerightly.The old father, with the cast-ironideas of right and wrong, has almostcrushed the spirit out of the poor littledaughter.Temptation comes to her when shelearns, for the first time in her life,that the world is lull of beautifulMargolen,LParis, Ky.mmm Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-ChofcT manently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAatotkxis. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a lxrttle.Mrc Hrritte Wells Allen. Gtfny.S.C. says:I hmvt Im4 Bronchitis for about twenty years andlie tfce rM nedktoe that has done me much food.W. T. Brook, AfentThe very newest in up-to-catecomedy, with sparkling and sensationalnovelties interwoven in such a mannerthat the audience is kept on thequi vive tf expectation throughoutthe entire performance is promised forFriday and Saturday, and Saturdaymatinee. January 27 and 28, at theLexington Opera House. The comedyscene in this newest sensation all leadup to the complications in the secondact, when surprise after surprise coming in such rapid succession completelymystifies and delights the audience tusuch an extent that they simply resignthemsevles to the next startling novelty and wonder how and when it willall end. "Mam'zelle" has been classed as a comedy of novelty surprisesand situations, and a no more apt orfitting term could be applied to it, it isone continuous scream from start tofinisb.so do not miss this most delightful and novel performance of all thatis best in up-to-date comedy.Clearance Sale of Millinery.Wc must make room for our springgoods. We need cash. We will offerfor the next two weeks our entirrstock of millinery at cost and below.If you don't believe we nave bargainscall and see. This is no idle talk.We mean business. Come early.13 4t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.things and the woman's natural craving for pretty things awakens her.Of love at first, she knows nothing,but when sre learns the wonderfullesson, she unfolds it ?s a flower tothn sun.The harshness of that old fatherought to be a lesson to many a father.It will show them that if you wantyoung girlh to grow into pretty women, you must let the sunlight intotheir lives.The stern old min tells his eighteenyear old girl that she can never atonefor the frailty of her mother. He tellsher constantly how wicked she is, withher yellow hair and her black soul,and the poor girl actually grows tobelieve she is beyond redemption.Then, into her life comes the manwho promises to take her away from itall. to give her all the lovely thingsher soul craves for. He fascinates herbut he cannot make her love him.There is a lovable boy in the story,the kind of boy you woulu like yoursister to marry when she grows up.He is wholesome and mischievous anddeliriously impertinent' to the crankyold Scotch father.Through the whole story there runsa vein of .excitement that keeps oneconstantly on the alert t for the succeeding act.it breathes of fresh aiV and adven-Base Ball Notes.Interest in base ball in Frankfort isJjeing revived according to a repoit ofa recent meeting neia in tnat city,published in the Frankfort News andwhich is as lollows :"Although the weather was scarcelyappropriate for a base ball bee, asmall number of thirty-third dergeefans and directors of the FrankfortBase Ball Club held a levee in thePolice Court chamber Thursday night,and the movement to maintatin ateam representing Frankfort in theBlue Grass League, had spirited inception. With the proper support andencouragement from the fans in general of the Capital City the club will bereorganized and rejuvenated for theseason of 1911, and an earnest effortput forth to represent Frankfort inthe Blue Grass League in a way toplease the local bugs."Manager Hogan Yancey, of the Lexington Club has announced that he hissigned Irwin Smith, 1 a left-handedpitcher: that a Hcosier named Donovan had been recommended to take theplace of Jimmy Viox, who was draftedby Chicago and later released to Louisville, at short; that he is negotiatingfor a first baseman who stands G feet4 inches in his socks, and that there isa chance for a game in LexingtonApril 2 with the Cincinnati Reds. Allof this news is being listened to witha great deal of interest by the Lexington fans.Will Ask for an Appropriation.At a meeting of poultry raisers Friday night at Lexington held in connertion with the State Poultry Show,Prof. M. A. Scovell, of the KentuckyAgricultural Experiment Station, stated that the legislature next winterwould be asked to make an appropriation to establish a plant at the Experiment Station for the purpose fmaking practical experiments and illjstrated methods by which poultryraisers could secure hftter chickensand eggs and make more money. Hesaid he believed the appropriation couldbe secured if the poultry raisers wouldtake concerted action on the question.Prof. Scovell said that Kentucky; gets $l5,00u,()00 for poultry ai.d eggsevery year and that at least thatamount is lost because of impropermethods and through waste. He toldthe poultry men that they could lassure; the Legislature that if a proper planti should be established in this state andj leave more than $7,000,000. -ITrof Robert R. Slocum, of Washington, D. C, who explained how indiI gestion eau.fe "limberneck" in chick! ens and how the pale yellow yolks ofconked eggs that frighten people inthe winter are the result of too littlesun and of improper food. He statedthat attention to the production ofeggs in Kansas had caused higherprices in the markets of the countryfor Kansas eggs and said that on 'account of inattention to the same pointsKentucky eggs do not have a good reputation in the mari ets of Ne.v York.ture and th evrelasting forests of thenorth.Prices 25 cents to $1. Sects on sale,at Mitchell & Blakemore's Wednesdaymorning.To Lecture in this City.Through the generosity of variousorganizations of Paris and at considerable expense Mr. John Davey has beensecurved for Gne lecture to be given atthe court house Saturday, January 28.at 2 o'clock p. m. No admission willbe charged. Mr. Davey's reputation isnational and whether or not you areinformed in regard to his work all willbe interested in this lecture, beautifully illustrated by stereopticon andheartily commeuuded oy the Presidentof the American Civic Association,Gcodwin Institute, of Memphis, Philadelphia Civic Club, and New OrleansFree Society.And He Does.The devil can ciw Scripttne for hispurpose. Shakespeare.Escaped With His Life."Twenty-one years ago I faced anawful death," writes H. B. Martin,Port Harreison, S. C. "Doctors saidI had consumption and the dreadfulcough 1 had looked like it sureenough. I tried eveiything I couldhear of for my cough, and was underthe treatment of the best doctor inGeorgetown, S. C, for a year, hutget no relief. A friend friend advised me to try Dr. King's New Discovery. I did so, and was completelycured. I feel that I owe my life tothis great throat and lung cure." Itspositively guaranteed for cough,colds and all bronchial a flections.' o0cand $1.00. Trial bottle free at Obev-dorfer's.FOOD FOR A YMeat 300 lb;Milk 240 Qts.Butter 100 lbs.Efifis ". 27Jcz.Vegetables 500 lb;.This represents a fair ration for a man for a year,But some people eat andeat and grow thinner. Thismeans a defective digestionand unsuitable food. A largesize bottle ofScott's Emulsionequals in nourishing properties ten pounds of meat.Your physician can tell youhow it does it.roll SALE BY AI.I. DrXGGIST3Send lPc., nnmo of iap r nntl tV.U nl. fnr ourbeuiitilul Sariii-t Haul: u:il Chilil Slu-tch-UooJcEach bjnk contain a Gixl Liu-k Pennj.SCOTT & BOWNE. 401) Pearl St.. New YorkX4?9I A Proclamation To You. !in Announcement of Low Prices.Wc can save you money on dependablemerchandise. We simply ask you tocall at our store, get our prices and compare them with the prices you may haveon same goods, and you will then beconvinced that our prices are lowest.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky..4.&,rfc.Fy f'-mjfi0tf' iJiLsrt jcrAfc'-'-Sfc V-w-fir3I..Ai?i'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JAN., 24 1911."?m BOURBON NEWS.GOODS OF GUALITYEVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSPERSONAL MENTION.Mr. D. G. Taylor was in Winchester yesterday.Mr. P. J. McCord is quite ill,ing threatened with pneumonia.Independent Meeting is Held.be-Master's Sale o Cottage.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney oli for.isier vju iiuiis-.uij'-i. iwu.jv.ii ..auwiiA meeting of the independent! tobacco growers of Bourbon county washeld at the court house Saturday afternoon. About one hundred and fiftygrowers composed the enthusiasticI Catherine ol the advocates of the cut-Mrs. C. M Clay left yesterday turlout movement and the opponents wereMartinsville, Ind., for a ten days' consDicious bv their absence., stiy. j The meeting was called to order byMis L' cllle Price is the guest of ! Mr- Kenney Nichols which was fol-. iior nnnf M.B wm t ;i;Dr,roi,i ; loweu ny tne selection 01 ivir. onas.Chicago.mtarda v at the court houses. Sarah Sidenor cottage"nn street to Miss Frankie Sidener: -$soo.5r,' Duncan Bell has returnedfrom a several days' business trip toaoor the Louisville,on South .- tu c, i. 4. j.... Illllll . - 4 I 1 - I I UHlil hiii:i uafternoon for Law ton, Ok la., where hewill locate.The Golden Opportunity. Mrs. Anna McDougall, 'of Hatnil-, . ... 4, i ton College, was the guest of Mrs.Select your footwear now while thew. H Harris Sundav.v 83 Raising Sale is going on and save j "ilia, uuiiuau dcii litis leLuriiuufrom a visit to Mrs. Abe Renick andMrs. Scott Renick in Winchester.Mr. John Tarr left yesterday foriTampa, Fla., to spend the remainderof the winter with his son, Mr. Russell Tarr.Mr. Stanley Dow. of Lincoln,Neb., was the guest Sunday and Monday of his father. Mr. R. P. Dow, intiis city.Mrs. llattie Mclivaine left yester-jday for St. Louis to visit her son, Mr.miner mclivaine, wno is engaged inthe shoe business in that city.Misses Ethel Lair and Mary Ransr n entertained a number of friends atFive Hundred Friday evening at thehome of the latter on Fifteenth street.' npy" DAN COHENS' SHOE STORE.Purchases Interest in CoalBusiness.Mr. .1. L. Denton has purchased a,e-half interest in the coal business of"r. W. C. i)odon andinthe futureJ business will 'be conducted under, Hrm name of Dodson 6c Denton.'imfort andfatCut in Half.blanket prices cutJ. T. HINTON'S.Farm Rented.inAuctioneer M. F. Kenney rentedturday for Master Commissioner jjssell Mann, the Josh Barton farm' jut four miles from Millersburg,itaining 295 acres to Mr. Overny at. .l per acre.Mrs. J. J.visiting herPayne, who has beendaughter, Mrs. WalterFined in Police Court.In Police Court ypsterdsy morningi torge Mitchell, white. was assessed ane of $15 by Judge E. B. January.Mitchell was charged with drunkenness.Who1'nows.Does Paris?is John Davey?Does Paris?iavnp. returned to het home in Warsaw, S tturday, accompanied byber"little granddaughter, tMiss rJeanorPayne.Miss Julia Clark, of this city andMiss Jessie Mae Ockerman, of CaneRidge, left yesferday for Richmondwhere they will enter the Normal school, the latter to take a gradej coiise.Judge and Mrs. Robert L. StoutA me rica ( left yesterday for Clearwater, Flori-Jersey Cows Sell at Fair Prices.Fifty-four head of Tennessee Jerseycows were sold Saturday afternoon atthe livery stable of T. G. Morris onMain street by Auctioneer George D.Speakes. The prices obtained werevery satisfactory. The -range ofl rices were from $37.50 to 112.50,Ith the bulk of the sales around $65.1 he sale was attended by many buyersfrum surrounding counties.Clark, of North Middletown, as chairman. Mr. Sherman Stivers was elected secretary. Mr Clark- addressedthe gathering saying that from whattranspired at the convention held int Paris last Saturday it was very evidentI the chairman was the entire show, butas there was nothing before the meet-ing that required the application of("railroading" tactics, he hoped themeeting would be one of harmony andfree from the objectionable featuresthat marked the convention held lastweek. Mr. Clark, who is an anti-poolman, declared that if the result of thecut-out pledge depended wholly uponhis vote he would sign without hesitation, as his entire sympathies werewith the movement. He then introduced Mr. Wilson.Mr. Wilson addressed the growers atlength and from every viewpoint ofthe subject before the meeting. Hesaid that being a grower in the darkdistrict he had come into the fight fora cut-out in the Burley district as avolunteer and had been honored witha position on the Campaign Committee of the Burley Tobacco Union.Feeling that the forces in the darkdistrict had become thoroughly unitedin support of the movement, his attentions were directed to the doubtfulportion of the Burley belt.The effect ot the failure of the cutout movement in the Burley districtwould be keenly felt by the growersin the dark district, he declared, andin event of this failure tobacco .vouldbe grown in the Burley district anddisposed of at a price below tne costof production. This, he added, wouldgreatly decrease the price of tobaccoin his district.During the course of his address Mr.Wilson called the attention of thosepresent to the men who were opposingthe cut-out movement in JBourboncounty. He said that they were theda. Judge Stout is convalescing from ! aristocratic land owners, men ofhas recovered from the attackphoid fever he suffered at themy.Small Stable Brrned.The fire department was called outct eleven o'clock Saturday night in rerpnse to a telephone alarm. A smallstable in the rear of the residence ofihs Misses Owens, on South Mainstreet, was burned. A buggy, theproperty of Miss Margaret Terry,which was in the stable, was also deJtroyed. A number of chickens, saidt h2 n the building, could not bef 3und in the ruins, which llead to thebelief that thieves had taken thec.ickens and in their hurry to get away , the advam:e styles that are t0 bean attack of typhoid fever from whichhe has been quite ill for severalweeks.Mrs. J Morgan Brown, who hasbeen quite ill for the past wepk underwent an operation Sunday. The operation, which was very successful, iwas performed by Drs. J. S. Walilngford and Lydia Pogue. Mrs. Brownis doing nicely.' Mr. Allen Ashbrcok, a student atJ the Annapolis Naval Academy, and ason of the late T. E.A shbrook. of thiscity, has been in the city several days j and sign the pledge, and! the guest of relatives. Mr. Ashbrook j back when the majority 'ofwealth, and who cared nothing for thetenant other than that which theywere enabled to acquire through hislabor. He said the failure of the Burley pool could be laid at the door ofBourbon county, because it was thiscounty that took the first step whichresulted in its collapse. Only professional "dumpers," he said, sold theircrops last year and fully eighty percent of the croD of 1910 yet remainedin the hands of the growers.Mr. WiNon appealed to the growersof Bourbon county to come lorwardnot standthe coun-of ty-acade-Mr. Davis Visits Eastern MarketsOur Mr. Witners Davis left Fridayfor New York, here he goes to lookover the Eastern markets for noveltiesin furnishings, woolens 'and clothing.By our being represented in theEastern markets, we are able to showwornties in the tobacco crowing districtwanted tj cut out the crop this year.He said there would be no doubt as tothe success ot the movement eventhough Buurbon refused to stand bythe majority, as the day had come ..forthe growers to stand shoulder toshoulder fand tight for the commoncause, and within ten days, he predicted, the success of tne movement wouldbeannounced.At the conclusion of his remarks.Mr. Wilson invited the growers presentVsrl nriliolilu Hrrrorl lifjKitorl mntnYi i ...... . .-. . HI I H;"rnT Vh flm wX VftZ on lWi Avenue and ..roadway during ; who had not signed the pledge to comern....t ...w ......v.- . -"" the coming season and giving you forwnsthe structure.Fire and Tornado Insurance.tf Thomas & Woodford.Address on Food Sanitation.coming season and giving you forward. About five hundred : acresstyles that are lar ahead of all the, vere pledged to the cut out, which toothers, particularly the newest ideas cether with those secured at the meetin shirts, neckwear, hosieiy and cloth-, ing last Saturday and the pledges thatirg. We will ahow for the spring sea- have not been reported will 1 bring theson the most up-to-date line of mer- 'ac page to an approximate total 1,500,chandise ever hhon in this city, and ' ivntah is Ip.? than one-third .,f thegive you the best service possible.J W. DAVIS & CO.Interurban Cars Collide.A collision of two cars on the Nicholasvillp interurban line out of Lexinu-Mr. R. M. Allen, head of the PureFood Department of the Kentucky ,Agricultural Experiment Station, willmake an address to the Paris Literary ,Club. Wednesday afternoon at 2:30o'clock, at the club rooms on Pleasantftreet. Mr. 'Allen's subject"ihe Importance ot Food Sanlft? ! f 1 1 1I J? ?!..urn, 4iiu ue win u acu: Hum aup- was ff0,ng ,nt0 Lexington and theI lies, meat markets, cleaner baberus, pecuiiar iay of ldnd at the point whereCold Storage, pure water Supply, etc. ,i.p collision necurrP.il nrovnntPrl thpThe aubiect is a must vital one and as. r : xi i .... Ii ii ii nriiruii iiiiiii mmmiiilt i ill fiunfrnrill be on occurred Briday afternooon in Lex-, as th snould:to f,initati ' H,gt0n ?nluo Wh C"nduActor b?usley i Bourbon were incli':... as psir fully injured. A work car ,h; onHno-I acreage of the countv.After the meeting Mr. Wilson stated' existing conditions in Bourbon countyj were due entirely to the fact that thej pool men were not heartily in sympa1 thy with the movement of the BurleyTobacco Union and instead of workingturtner the cause inned to lay back inthis meeting.Cash Raising Sale.Mr. Allen is thoroughly informed andis a most interesting speaker the clubii fortunate indeed to have the opportunity of hearing him. A 11 the members are requested to be present. Thephysicians and Health Board of IParisUn- i In nrdpr to p.tinvp.rt nnr stock intotil it was too late to stop. Motorman cash and make room for our springSanders of the outgoing car, narrowly g00ds we will for the next two week3escaped death by jumping alter he had offer all our millinerv at cost and bereversed the current and applied thelow. Call early and get some of thebrakes. The car was badly damaced ! vnr hnrcminc Mnthino- haroill'lS onH ;ill thp nneRPncrprc cpvprolv elm k-nn 1 i rnDxiP iirimowi mmn..r ;;,1 orl fkoro u.;il ho M,.r,, f-. . . . . : J '""-" lO -it sKJlVi& HAIOUIN DtllV..iw.uu.i..bn...uw.Uum i up nut no one was injured.a few other visitors.At the Comet Today.Two extra good pictured are promised at the Comet Theatre this afternoon and tonight. The first is a funnyratne comeoy entitled iiax m aGreatly Reduced Prices.Wall paper at greatly reduced pricesJ. T. HINTON'S.Dies Suddenly of Heart Trouble.Mr. Jasper Offutt, one of the most(irominent farmers of the county andwiie of our most prosperous citizens,oied suddenly about six o'clock Saturday afternoon as the result of an at"aek of heart trouble, while he was, inLfxington on business.Mr. Offutt was walking along Fifth j dletown.Etreet near Limestone when stricken,lie was assisted to the home ofMaj me Corbin, a colored woman.When he was reached by the womanre was gasping for breath and askedfur some place to sit. Saying he was'ry ill. The colored woman assistedl.un to her porch and went to telephone for an ambulance and for a physician. Jn the meantime Mr. Otl'uttaised into unconsciousness, and ex1 red before help arrived.Coroner J. D. Kiser. of Lexington,htld an inquest over the remains Sunlay afternoon and death was proncdnc'd to be due to heart trouble.Mr. Offutt, who resided on the Lexrton pike near this city, was aboutxty years of age. He wasi.d is survived by his wife, aA Good Move.Loses On Storage Butter.'Mr. C. P. Cook, of this city, sold tothe White Baking Co., and the IGeorgeStreitman Co., of Cincinnati, 3,000pounds off cold storage butter whichwas shipped yesterday. Mr. Cookpurchased the butter last spring at anaverage price of 20 cents per poundand it has since been in cold storagein this city. Since purchasing the butter the price has declined and Mr.Cook disposed' of the product at 16cents per pound, which means to hima loss of about $120Jon the shipment.IAnnounce1&!?J?i!?i'Mrf!fc44j&;'y.ReductionsfnUleatier 4t?iia.TCICfSiThese. Prices are forThis Month only.3.00 Bags, $Bags,Bags,Bags,Bags,Bags,Bags,Bags,4.005.008.5011.0011.5012.5013.502.253.003.756.508.508.759.5010.25No goods chargedthese prices.AA&at 5,W c I V,4rt' ,f -MIA'L'flW" .W.44&$J 4 t f ' , tf i fa tft -W. EcL Tucker'sm January Clearance SaleS Muslin Underwear and White Sale,Begins Monday, Jan. 23,Ends Saturday, Jan. 28.See Big Advertisement on AnotherPage.1W. Ed. Tucker.3I1 lB'fcft Cash Specials ForE E w Tuesday and Wednesday.FANCY JAP RICEFree from Chaff and Foreign Matter, Equal inquality to the kind you pay 10c per poundI tor eisewnere rer rouna dc aFANCY MACKERELFancy Fat Irish Mackerel 8c pm EARLY JUNE PEAS m,Fancy Wisconsin Pack, 15c grade 18c ?SPURE CIDER VINEGAR 'Best Grade of Cider Vinegar, per gal. regular &140c grade ; 30c mASPARAGUS. TIPS ' IFancy California Tips, Per Can . .' 15c wBRASS WASH BOARDST.l 1 . T-l TTT1 T .1 T .oest vaiue rrass vvasn .Doarus. eacn 63u 9 1NEW YORK WASHING GASFor washing and scrubbing Washes everything' without injury to hands, color or fabric, per can 3cLFEE'S CASH GROCERY. j(MOMISELDOM,IF EVER, HAVE YOU SEEN OR HEARD OFStjloIiBar&Note Them Buy ThemThese reductions are real and not a lot of hot air.You Save MoneyThese pieces are reducedThe considerable expense of theJohn Davey lecture at the court houseSaturday night is boine by public-, spirited citizens wno uelieve that an j Dilemma." The other is a splendid"aroused interest in the subject discuss-. Biograph film "The Fugitive." Mr.ed will result in enough good to the 1 Metcalfe will sing "What is the Worldcounty to pay for the effort. I Without You."1' Negro Horse Thief is Arrested. ! State Fair Dates are Changed.Sherman Johnson, alias Win. Payne. ' The dates of the Kentuoky Statea negro, was arrested last week by 1 Fair will not conflict with thoseOfficer James Gibson, of North Alid-'claied by theHourbon County Argicul-and turned over to the ' tural Society as was expected whenauthorities at Danville where he was the State tfoard at a meeting in Lexwanted for stealing a horse and buggy ington recently changed the date offrom Mr. Joe Ware, of that city.Johnson has been an offender in thispart of the country for several years.About ten years ago he stole a horsefrom Mr. Jos. Hildreth, whonear Paris, and va3 taken intotody by the officers at Mt. Olivet.was convicted in the Robertson countycouit and served u term in the Statepenitentiary.After being released from the penitentiary he returned to Eourhon county. Shortly after his return he stole alarge quantity of gtass seed duringthe harvest and to avoid arrest fled toBoyle county, where he assumed themarried name of William Payne. Under thissister, alias lie was convictea in tne lioylethe State meetiong to that previouslyheld by the Bourbon society.At a meeting of the Board in Lexington Thursday the date of the Statelived ' Fair was changed back to its originalcus ' date of September 11.He,FOR RENT,Ml,. Marv Kllin Rrvan. nf fiimi-in- ' Circuit (!xiirt on :i rhsriH of forfprvI 'vi n, and a nephew. Dr. F. F. Bryan, and served another term in the peni--fthe same city." j ter.tiary.lr. Offutt was one 01. the mofct' When the term of his sentence exIiMninnt and influential men of l!nur-' pired he returned to Boyle county andn county and his death carae as a last August committed the theft of anat shock to his many friends , horse and bugy the property of Mr.tli'ouyhout the county. j War and has since been a fugitive.Ihe funeial hervices were held at! Marshal Gibson, of North Middletown,Mate residence on the Palis and J had been furnished with a description'-txingtm pike yesterday afternoon t , of the negro by the Boyle county offi-' . ) rinlrtrLr nnnlllnfnJ lir flin It .. ..:!.. ..!.. lU,...UI n...ltanei 1. r n..Uw,., vwiiiimvu , I.B.W .W T . WIM0, nHU VWV..J A fw..fw . .IWUIUreturn to Bourbon, and the NorthMiddletown officer has since been ontheliookout. A few days ago he located Johnson and placed him under arrtst. He Mits taken immediately toDanville where he was turned ver tothe ttoyls county authorities.An office of two 'rooms on Broadway. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS,23 4t No. 3 Broadway.n'. u. M. Shive, of the Presbyterianinh. Tht hnriv iiiqq laifi tn ftrost'l-p Vi ilson lot in the Paris cemetery.ne pall-bearers were Glaude Paton,Ar PaNton. F. F. Bryan, Jr., J. H.j cpson, Luther Jacoby. John TBrnh n H Ntchuh and George O. Bryan.S stone's "I WrabJped Cakes IMake Home Baking a Waste- I!ul Extravagance.iIAs a starter, try SILVERSLICE CAKE, 10c. Soldwax paper packages.Not a specie of lard usedAll good butter.R-fi5C2 BU A::jflibecause they are odd pieces and we must have the space they occupy.3 pieces in Early English, Bench, Rocker and Chair,Price was $iS, reduced to $13.00i Golden Oak Side Board, Price was $iS, reduced to $12.50i Imitation Mahogaii' Chair, Upholstered in Satin Damask,Price was 13.50, reduced to $8.751 Imitation Mahogany Corner Chair, Upholstered in Satin Damask,Price was $6.50, reduced to $3.901 Corner Chair, finished Id Real Golden Leaf, Upholstered in SatinDamask, Price was $15, reduced to $9.751 Corner Chair, finished in Real Golden Leaf, Upholstered in SatinDamask, Price was 22.50, reduced to. $15.001 White Enameled Dresser and Wash Stand, large mirror indresser, Price was $30, reduced to $19.001 Solid Mahogany Bench, Chippendale Design, Upholstered in SiikHair Cloth, Price was $40, reduced to. $25.001 Solid Mahogany Chair, Chippendale Design, Upholstered in SilkHair Cloth, Price was $22.50, reduced to $14.501 Imitation Mahogany Rocker, seat Upholstered in loose plush.Price was $S, reduced to $5.503 Piece Imported Mahogany Parlor Set, in Crushed Plush,Price was $19, reduced to $12.80i Golden.Oak Combination Sideboard and China Closet,Price was $52.50, reduced to $33.50i Early English Eench, Upholstered in Genuine Leather,Price was $20, reduced to. $11.751 Go!den Oak Bench, Upholstered in Gennine Leather,Price was $17, reduced' to - : $11.751 Imported Mahogany Rocker J Upholstered in Green Plush, seatand back, was $13 50, reduced to $8.00i Imported Mahogany Rocker, Upholstered in Green piush, seatand back, price was $12. Jo, reduced to $7.751 Arm Chair, Imitation Mahogany, loose cushion seat,price was $13, reduced to $6.751 Early English Ary Chair, seat and back in Genuine Leather,.price was $15, reduced to . $7.00Blanket and Comfort Pi ices Cut in Half.AH' of these Articles Are to Be Seen in Our Windows Don't Miss This OpportunityJ. T. HINT0N.-1viakxVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 24, 1911.IWetfimlT Clhwit, taWi .yTUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede Hal! Clock as a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of furniture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alike toutility, refinement, and musical taste. Theperfect movement insures correctness of time;the solid oak or mahogany case, with classicIkies, conforms to good taste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals of Whitlir.ctcn crWestminster, serve as a pleasing reminder ofthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, all showingthe moon's phases in the dial arch. We aresales agents for The Herschede Hall ClackCo. of this city, and will send ii! jiinicd catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can purchase gifts1 of Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Plate,Gold and Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clocks, Etc.,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence iolicited.Silversmiths Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Street, East,Cincinnati, Ohioiai i Bilsissrsflsi ism$75 to $750TIGHT HATS.They Impede Circulation In the Scalpand Invite Baldness.Ingenious men are continually contriving new kinds of shoes, new suspenders and hundreds of differentkinds of braces, but so far, says theTherapeutic Gazette, no one has takenup the idea of making a hat which willhold on the head and not blow off andat the same time not bind the head allaround like a constricting band.Some men go without hats at timeswith the idea that the hair is improvedby ventilation and sunshine. Undoubtedly this does improve it. but the primesecret is not In not wearing the hat atall. The ventilated hat will not prevent baldness if this same hat be worntightly around the head. If a stringbe tied ever so lightly around the finger the effect upon the circulationmay be easily marked in the end ofthat finger. A tight hat will affect thecirculation of the scalp in the sameway.Hats which are easily blown offshould never be worn, as they will notstay on unless jammed so tightly uponthe head as to impede circulation. Allstiff, rigid hats should be very light,and one should select a size largerthan the head measurement and correct the over size by inserting feltstrips under the sweat band, thus giving a cushion-like effect and preventing the constriction at that portion ofthe scalp.Did You Ever Think It Over?That a man can do what is right in any kind of business. Six yearsago, when I first came to this city, you had parties in the same line ofmy business that did about ten per cent, of the business I am doingto-day.Do You Know the Reason Why?It's because I" give one and all that deals 'with me asquare, honest deal. I owe my success in business to the fact that Ialways give correct, honest weight and the highest market price.IFAYOU EVER HAVE ANYscrap iron, metals, rubber, rags, hides, tallow, furs, etc., to offer, seeme before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I willgladly send my wagons for junk toany part of the city or county.MAX MUNICK,Eighth St., Paris, KyFIRST POST HOUSES.ofEast Tenn. Phone 374.(22oct-lmo)Established by Cyrus, the Founderthe Persian Empire.The first posts are said to have originated in the regular couriers established by Cyrus the Great about n."0B. C, who erected post houses throughout the kingdom of Persia. Augustuswas the first to introduce this institution among the Romans, 31 B. C, andhe was imitated by Charlemagne aboutS00 A. D. Louis XI. was the firstsovereign to establish post houses inFrance, owing to his eagerness fornews, and they were also the first institution of this nature in Europe.This was in 1470, or about 2,000 yearsafter they were started in Tersla.In England in the reign of EdwardIV. (14S1) riders on post horses wentstages of the distance of twenty milesfrom each other in order to procurethe king the earliest intelligence of theevents that passed in the course of thewar that had arisen with the Scots. Aproclamation was issued by Charles I.in 1C31 that, "whereas to this timethere hath been no certain intercoursebetween the kingdoms of England andScotland, the king now commands hispostmaster of England for foreignJ parts to settle a running post or twobetween Edinburgh and London to so'Aft AbaBHfelAaO'iiMkMHEH' v-w' I .mVH.'.Finding a four-leaf clover means finding good luck.Using a Cloverleaf manure spreader insures perfect fertilization for your soil. Perfect fertilization means bumper crops.You want them, and we want you to have them. You can havethem if you will come to us and get a Cloverleaf manurespreader. It is the best spreader on the market, and if youcall we will explain wherein it excels. If you are not justexactly sure what machine you want to buy, call anyway andwe will explain why the use of a manure spreader will increaseyour profits, and why a Cloverleaf manure spreader will saveyou money. We are saving a catalogue for you.Won't you call and get it today?Bourbon Garage and Supply Company4Tthitherdays."and come back again in sixTwin Bros.Announce TheirJanuaryOlearanceKill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of peodle killed yearlyby -wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, evenfood. But grand protection is afforded by Electric Bitters, which destroyand expel these deadly disease germsfrom the system. That's why chills,fever and" ague, all malarial andmany blood diseases ield promptlyto this wonderful blood purifier. Trythem, and enjoy the glorious healthand new strength they'll give you.Money back if not satisfied. Only 50cat Oberdorfer's.Where It Comes From.He "What is the derivation of theword aviation?" She "It's simply abig word for plane sailing.Searching for Radium.So radioactive Is the water suppliedthe city of Belgrade that scientistsare .searching Its source for radium.Ends Winter's Troubles.The Active Sloth Bear."The sloth bear appears to be the j To many winter is a season of troumost active of all the bears in the zoo. I bJe. The frost-bitten toes and fingers. ,! flmnnpfl limine: inn Im5 rMiimmincunai ousut v1 L -r V i- ' :. .ppropnato title,"SJ t j Whoever misnamed the animIS I j to bestow a more appropriataFORSaturday, 14th,On Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Cloaks, Skirts,Furs, Shoes, Millinery, Skirts, Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silks, Blankets, Etc.said a woman visitor who sat onbench in front of the bear dens."A more befitting designation would Ibe 'Ursus pugilbticus' or somethinglike that, for he is certainly the mosti pugnacious of all the bruin specimenshere. And he gets away with it, too,although he weighs only 2o0 pounds.I saw him knock out the hairy earedbear in a fierce fight over a piece ofmeat, and he gets the belter of thegreat Yezo bear of about 1.000 poundsin the adjoining inclosure. They fightthrough the bars. You can hear thesnapping of the big bear's jaws as hefails to catch his opponent. P.ut thenervous sloth bear is as quick as acat with his long claws and gets in adig on the other one's muzzle thatmakes him snort with pain." NewYork Sun.red and rough skins, prove this. Butsuch troubles fly before Bucklen'.Arnica salve. A trial convinces.Greatest healer of burns, boils, piles,cuts, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains.Only 23 cents at Oberdorfer's.aWiVrViViVji.ViVWAV.WjVWrtWiV.-.iVJiW'i'iiVO. R. TURNER(Successor to O. R. Turner & Co.)DEALER INGOOD COAL.Now is the time, during the early season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this whiter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Ynur orders respectfnlly solicited.C. R. TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58.wmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmfmm-Dooley on Judiciary.Mr. Dooley's opinion of the American judiciary: "It is as fine a, bodyof Indignant and Irritable men as areto ho found anywhere in the land."ITWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!Beginning of Development. I"When the fight begins within him-self, a man's worth something.Browning. ij Salt and the Romans., Spilling of salt is a superstition stillI current among us. It is derived from1 fllo uiririif T?ntiimc tvlin liunil coif- inI timi.. e.,.;r.,.o .,...! ,., ..in o. ! F. J. Cheney for the last 13! ...... .'u.nnn i tiuvi n.-aiin.u iu iio i i i i I r 1.1 l 1 i.i-ill-. . , .,, .!. , i sum ueiieve mm periucuy Jionorauiesacred to Penates. 'o spill it careless- j in all businebS transactions and finan-, ly was to incur the displeasure of ft;aiiv able to earrv out anv oblio-a-How's This.We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.We. the undersigned, have known iyearsSALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-Class3V OKTUMEKTTSWe are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in every particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and jrranite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.these household divinities. After accidentally spilling salt the ancient Itom.'iu was wont to throw some over theleft shoulder the shoulder of ill omenthereby hoping to call away from hisneighbor the wrath of the Deity andturn it upon himself.BIKDon't Forget theCash-Raising SaleIs Still Going on atElephants' Love For Finery.Strange a it may seem, the elephanti is passionately fond of finery and dcI lights to see himself decked out withj gorgeous trappings. The native princes. of India are very particular in choos-I Ing their state elephants and will givefabulous sums for an animal that exI actly meets the somewhat fancifulstandards they have erected. For iI these they have made cloths of silk so 'heavily embroidered with gold that !two men are hardly able to lift them. IPearson's Weekly. 'anyi tions made bv his firm.WALDING. RINNAN & MARVIN,' Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.' Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the sys-' tern. Testimonials sent free. Pricei 7o cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Famity Pills for constipation..1Wm. Jldams SonBoth Phones42 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIOMBBBIITwin Bros. 1Clothing and Shoe Department.Harry Simon's Old Stand.MiMXmlMjMiR2miM9HKnllJfliMl3MiSTOVESi "We are Still Selling the Same Line--?-None Better Than, Logical.".Mother." asked little Ethel, "nowthat you're in mourning for CousinAdelaide, will you wear hlack nightdresses too 7""AVhat an ahsurd question, child!""Oh, I only thought you might he nssorry at night as you were during theday," ventured Ethel. Harper's Bazar.How It Came Out.He So you finished the novel 1brought you. How did it come out?She The author must have had a pull.I can't see' any other way. BostonTranscript.Be true to yourself and you do nntleed to worry about what" the nelgh-Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer, supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portlaid Cement Co.IHalleatie Range!And Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware', Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedJStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky.msm.V-.'f kjiivKtfsIJjors think. - k.&4 :Ai -?r- &-:Yt -.r7' t,- V'vi' ttl;-"THE BOURBQN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 21, 1911,l&IIXg!ISFree Examination IIAI M A . M& I T U A A 1 1 Ift 1 1 1 Free Examinationuuinu wiin a nuonitC'00 Gold Filled Spectscles 01J and Eyeglasses for w j-Isv';':,'i IHkkkkB nSBBsss?' kBBSiIn making this great offer we have sacrificedall profits, but we know no better was to advertiseour store. Your advantage is a superior grade ofgoods at a special low price, ouJ profit is in makingnew customers and winning their confidence.234Prescriptions, Bifocial Lenses andFinger Piece Mountingsat Special CutRatesWe have secured the services of two expert EyesightSpecialists who are competent to examine the eyes, no mat- jiter how compjicated they my be, and have given satisfactionwhere others have failed. A visit to our Optical Department will convince you.UVUDfflHundreds of people have aVeady been fittedand are so well pleased that they are telling theirfriends about this wonderful offer. If you havenot got yours yet, we advise you to come as soonas possible, as we have only a limited number ofthese glasses, which we will sell at this specialprice.&SON,Main St.DRUGGISTS, Paris, Ky.We will gladly Refund your Moneyif you are not satisfied withyour purchase duringthis sale.Have Yon AnyMantle Tronbles?e DLULIv IlilitivLln and your Troabies are 0vPATENTCD-REGISTEREDtrxeihn outlast six ordinary mantles. Will save 75$e on your mantle expense. TWO COMPLE1GAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE. 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covers from 12 BlocVy-tal-ty Mantles the best 10 and I5-cent grade of mantles sold take them to your dealer,send them to us, and get a Block Inncrlin Lined Mantle free.For sale at Hardware. China, Plumbins, Drug. Grocery, and Department Store:. Dealerwrite for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue.THE BLOCK LIGHT CO.,soieHrS.)Youngstown,OhiHeadquarters for Incandescent Mantles, Burners and Supplies of everydescription, Gas, Gasoline, Kerosene, High Pressure, etcDon't Advertise in Uruguay. Why She Marr,;s-Hardly a single American advertise-1 "Everything is money these daysraent can be found in all the new-spa- money, money, money. A girl doesn'tfiors imirnnls nnd nthor swivnrHcino. marry you now on your own account.1'- t .jw... ,-w .. VV. U W VJ-3mediums in Uruguay.I but on your bank account"Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, Allison,Ta., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity,In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again."Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Uncle Ezra Says."The good men do lives after them;the bad they do sets after them."Boston Herald.Bach's Influence on Music.In Bach we find the germ, the potency and power of almost everything great that has been done Inmusic since his day; his influence iseverywhere felt. Apthorp.MMWMMWMWMMWMWMWMWBJrMWMBMMMiHWWMMMWBMMMMMWBMMMMBMMMMMMBMM.A Tender Conscience.Owen Peterson of Fort Collins,Colo., G5 years old, walked 20 miles topay 1 cent to a druggist in Greeley.Peterson confessed that he had stolena postal card from the store last weekand his conscience would not let himrest until he had made restitution.Very Strange."I've observed one strange thing,"says the. Philosopher of Folly, "andthat is that the coming man is alwaysone who has got there."Bicycle Riding.The exertion of riding 50 miles on agood bicycle is about equal to that ofa 15 mile walk.r- " -I'll Tell You Where You Can Save a DollarWouldn't You Like to Know?At the A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE STORE, the Store that you ought tonow,theJStore an acquaintance with which will profit you much.Where goods of quality reasonably priced abound, where you are assured carefulandpainstaking store service, and all you desire is yours on the easiest payments.Come then, let us show you how well and faithfully vs can serve you. Won't you?A Big Cut inChifforobes,like cut $18.75Buffets at Prices Paris and Bourbon!!people"neverhad before, $12 up to $48.BRulMBR8R8R8RIBR8kIBR8RRH5NoTTTlR8R8BBP HbM iESSKIf (tCOME ON!2a sI Vtr7,:XtffeA K7 mSllUfc:JLwtWe can do your JOBPRINTING of everydescriptionTo Induce Sleep.Sleeplessness is the greatest menace that tired or overwrought nerveshave for beauty and health. Sleepmay be induced by warm milk sippedslowly, or, if this is Ineffective, bylong drafts of cool water and a coldbandage around the brow.Cards, Billheads, Circulars, Auc- jtion and Show Bills, Pamphlets, !Law Blanks, Briefs, Blank Books.Labels at Reasonable PricesVarden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions',pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.Druggist,i1GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ElBALMEi.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.Have You Tried It?There is a bottle of Cardui waiting for you at thedrug store. Have you tried it?If not, we urge you to do so, before your troubleshave obtained such a hold on you, that nothing will drivethem outEven now, it may be nearly too late. But try it anyhow. If anything can help you, Cardui will. It has helpedin thousands of cases, where other medicines had beentried in vain. Why should it not do the same for you?il CARDUIJ45The Woman's TonicA. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMain and Tbird Streets. CH AS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court House.My daughter, Octava, would have been in her gravetoday, had it not been for that fine medicine, Cardui,"writes Mrs. Laura Lawrence, of Drennon Springs, Ky."Nothing I tried helped my daughter, until she hadtaken Cardui. I had sent for the doctor, when I thoughtof your medicine and got a $1 bottle. When she hadtaken four doses she became all right 1 often recommendCardui to my friends."Your druggist sells Cardui with full instructions for useon the bottle.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dcpt, Chattanoosa Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tcna,lor Special Instructions, and64-pag2 book. Home Treatment for Women," sent free.GIVE HIM A PAIR OFSHIRLEYPRESIDENTSUSPENDERSFOR CHRISTMASEach pair in a beautiful Holiday GiftBox. A gift that is useful, comfortableand durable. The kind of suspender hewould choose if he were buying themhimself.Your Local Dealer should be able tosupply you, if not we will mail eo amyaddress on receipt of 50 cents per pair.Signed guarantee orT every pair. ,If you would like three beautiful Art Panel, sue10x14 (no advertising') for framiazscad 25ce$fecthe PRESIDENT CALENDAR.THE C. A. EDGART0N MANUFACTUMM CO.333 Main St, SMrtey, Matt.t! -,0, ,? w 1 ' I. -1.rv. --,i- J, I! .I.iViiai J&6 ' :my-.''THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, ?KENtUCKY, JAN. 24, 191 1;mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmTHE SALE ENDS SAT. JANUARY 28This Week Will' Prove the Banner Week in Values For Many Reasons-5n addition to the new and unheard-of low cut prices that goods are being sold at for this continued week of the sale, many new White Goods, Embroideries andGinghams arrive daily. These are also being sold at a cut price during the sale. The ladies who expect to buy material for Lingerie wear find the ppportunityexceptional, for they buy the better kind at the price of ordinary. : : : : : : : : : : : : : :SOME SPECIAL FEATURES OF MERIT:$14.751All Shoes Are Being Closed Out Very Low.The Weil-Known Queen Quality also go.Choice any Ladies' Suit or Coat in the StoreMany sold up to $40.00. All are included.EXTRA SPECIALYards Best Calico for 39cFrom the Hours of 9 to 1 0 and 2 to 3.EXTRA SPECIALRemember It's The Last Days of the Big Sale.J. C. Pirath,Said Conductor forSIMON DEPARTMENT STORE;KKafiKzi&Kzraini phii vzwtmmti'flmzi'xum'niViYtAn rMim w.SSIflttSl(SSIEB27V&KftIInfilmmIiX'AiKflfiBraK?n&KA3Br.rc3!ffilB&1K"KffMiParis,Kentucky.mzmmmmmmwaimJWl Hm MvlDiscuss Sheep Scabies.At a meeting of the State LiveStock Sanitary 1oard, held in Lexington Friday and at which Commissionerof Argiculture M. C. Rinkin, presided, the situation which, on account ofthe prevalence of scabies and otherdi seas :-s among sheep in the State hascaused danger of a quarantine by theUnited States authorities, was discussed and methods of improving the condition of sheep in the State were suggested. That the scabies in Kentucky.niight hi. quickly and effectually eradicated, a recommendation was offeredthat the Federal quarantine authorities, while quarantining other staetsagainst Kentucky sheep, should hej applied to for an order preventingI other states from shipping sheep intoKentucky unless inspected and provid-I A ,: k nlnnn I. ill nf Viaal ticu nun a kitaii win wi. ui.uii.ii.Horses Burned in CynthianaFire.The stable of James "W. Smiser, inCynthiana burned Friday. The causeof the fire is unknown. The loss isabout $2,500, with no insurance. Fourhorses were burned, together with allthe contents of the stable. For atime the fire threatened a large areaof the business district. A tank oftwo hundred gallons of gasoline wasonly a few yards from the burningstable, in the yard in the rear of thegrocery of Rees, Garnett & Rees.which caused fear that the fire wouldget to the gasoline."Beio' de Wan."Our "Bcio de Wah" molasses is thefinest produced.C. P. COOK & CO.rBAN C0HEN.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.(fljtit&fcV -Do Not jlliss me QppoKiiiy ofHONEY-SAVING !Our GreatMILLERSBURG ITEMS.IICashtogSaleMihs Crane, of the M. F. C, spentSaturday and SuLday at her home inHelena.Miss Louise Warfurd, of Campbel!Hagerman college, Lexington, was athome Sunday.FOR SALE Forty tons of Cloverhay.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. Bettie Lilleston and daughter,Miss Laura, of Paris, were the guestslast Wednesday of Mrs. G. F. Jones.Vulcan plows are the best Nonebetter for plowing up tobacco pUnts.Will completely destroy.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Masters Thomas and James McCUntock and little Miss Vallette McClintock, of Paris, were guests of relativeshere Friday night and Saturday.Miss Frances Burroughs left Thursdiy for a two weeks' visit to herbrother and wife, Mr. and Mrs.Sweeney Burroughs, at New Albany,Ind.During the next thirty days we willsell all queensware and cut glass atrgeatly reduced prices. Call earlywhile you have the best assortment toselect from.20 3t LOUIS VIMONT.Tho following premiums werebrought to Millersburg from the Kentucky Poultry Show at Lexington lastweek : J. T. Adair, first on pulletsand second on a pen of silver Wyandottes; Geo. F. Jones, third on a penof hve white Orpingtons. . .Born, Ihursday night to Mr. andMrs. M. P. Collier a handsome son,the first male heir in a family of threechildren. Thp parents are exceeding-ly happy and have received a multi-1 Contracted Poison and Goes In-tuae or conrgatuiations on tna new ar- jrival, ine ousiness nrm oi wnicn mr.Collier is a member will doubtlesssoon be reorganized. In that case itwill ba known as Peale Collier, Son &Co.beautiful steteopticon views of themost important points of interest viewed by Cilder Morgan while touring theHoly Land. Those who heard the "lecture last night are sure to attendagain. The second lecture of theseries will be given tonight and thelast on the evening of Thursday, January 26. All should avail themselves ofthe opportunity to hear tnis giftedspeaker.Mr. and Mrs. Arlhur Collins, offCarlisle, were the guests of relatives hereSunday.Miss Hazel Duvall, of Paris, wasthe guest of Miss Maria Smith fromSaturday to Monday.Mr. Roscoe Linvillp left Monday forLexington where he will probably secure a position.The recital which was announced totake place at the Millersburg FemaleCollege on Friday night has been indefinitely postponed.Mr?. Flanders, who resides abouttwo miles south of town, had threesheep killed by dogs Saturday night.nM iltn.pnil. n onll1l lst w y II wvawmIluiuciauuift ouuuiii uc wen icpicacill- jea at tne jonn uavey lecture to begiven at the court house in Paris, onSaturday, January 28, at 2 p. m.Mrs. A. S. Best is visiting her parents. Dr. and Mrs. Alex Hunter atWashington. Mr. and Mrs. Best spentSaturday night and Sunday with theiruncle. Mr. Thomas Best, and family inMaysville.Rev. T. W. Watts preached the 'firstof a series of six illustrated sermonson "Pilgrim's Progress" Sunday nightat the Methodist church. The housewas well filled and the sermon, whichwas illustrated with excellent stereoptican views, was good.Killing of Babe is Charged.Laura Alice Gray and her mother,Mrs: Lucy Gray, of the Shiloh neighborhood, Nicholas county, were arrested and taken to Carlisle Saturday onwarrants issued from the County Courtcharging them with the alleged killingof an infant child found dead in thatneighborhood. .The authorities, suspecting foul play, had ihe body of thechild exhumed in the Shiloh gravtyatdwhere it had been buried, and on examination, it is alleged, it was foundchat a portion of .he child's head wascrushed, a pin was found it its headand a wound at the comer of the righteye.At the examining trial the girt wassent to jail without bond to await, theaction of the Nicholas county grandjury, while the mother of the accusedwas released from custody.IIS NOW IN FULL BLASTYou Should Have Seen the Throngs of EagerBuyers that Crowded Our Store at theAOpening of Our Sale. VFollow the CrowdsTo our Store and Get First Choice of Shoe Bargains.DAN COHEN336 Main Street,AT THEParis, KentuckyBIG ELECTRIC SIGN ,1LWRev T. W. Watts and Mr. M. H.Currant left Monday for Clear Water,Fla.lMr. Cirrant will probaoly remainuntil April 1. Rev. Watts will be absent four weeks. Duringgthe time Dr.J. O. A. Vaught, P. E., of Frankfortdistriot, will conduct the Wednesdaynight prayer meetings. President C.C. Fisher, of the M. F. C. will havecharge of the Sunday services.The B ourbon News is offering flattreing inducements from now until thefirst of March to the readers. This isa splendid opportunity to get yourcounty paper in connection with something else at exceedingly low rates.Don't fail to read the following : TheKentucky Farmer and Bnuibon Newsone year for $2.00; The daily CourierJournal, except Sunday, four months,and the Bourbon News one year for$2.25: the daily Courier Journal, except Sunday, eight months, end Bourbon News one year $3.00. Leave "yourorders with24 8t R. M. CALDWELL, Agent.Master Herbert Gardner, the littleson of Elder W. A. Gardner, who resided here until November, died at thehome of his father at Olatha, Kansas.January 17, after a short protractedillness. Herbert has ben in a declinesince early last spring. It asthought I when the summer weathercame on he would build up.When theTfamily broke up for thesummer, after Elder Garaner resignedhis charge as pastor of the Christianchurch here, Herbert went to Shelby,O.. to spend tha summer with friends.During the time he gained no strengthand when the family returned in thei fall he was unable to come. Later inI the autumn he was seized with a serious attack of pneumonia and for anumber of days his life was despairedof. However, he rallied, but never' regained bis strength.I About the first ot January he wasmoved to the Jhome of his father atOlatha, Kansas, where he continueto grow worse unTn me enu came, inegrief-stricken family have the sympathy of a multitude of friends here whoare deeply interested in their welfareand success.Elder Carey E. Morgan, of Paris,hecran his series of three lectures atihe Christian church Monday evening.The house was well tilled ana the lecture wan more' than well received.The lecture was illustrated ..with :sane.Barlow Brown, theman who wassewed up in the carcass of a mulewhile in an intoxicated condition, atBlairsville, Ga., by some companionsseveral weeks ago, has gone insane asa result of blood poisoning contractedfrom the mule's carcass. The fourmen responsible for the practical jokehave fled the country. Brown is notexpected to recover.Millinery at Cost.All our millinery, ribbons, llowers,birds, feathers, etc., go on sale Friday, January 13 at cost and below.Sale lasts two weeks. This is a rareopportunity for the ladies to get bargains. We must raise cash so nothingwill be put on the books during thissale13 4t CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Citizens Complain About Crassings.Considerable complaint has beenheard from the residents of both Highand Pleasant streets about the crossings that were removed a few yearsago. During the past week the condition of both streets ha3 been something terrible. Pedestrians have beencompelled to wade through mu4 almost ankle deep to get from one sideof the street to the other. There is noway of flushrng either High or Pleasaut to get rid of the mud for the wankof crossings and the citizens are compelled to go through the deep mudwhenever it rains. We would suggestthb city fathers take some action andreplace the crossings that were removed.Sunday School Teachers Organize. The Sunday school teachers of thevarious curchss of Paris met Sunaayin the Christian church and organizedthe Interdenominational Sunday SchoolTeachers Union. The purpose of theorganization is to instruct the Sundayschool tpachers of the churches inParis in the work. The organizationwas perfected by the election of Mr.H. A. Power as President, Mrs.Walter Clark, Vice President and Mr.D. Y. L. Farley, secretary. The firstmeeting of the organization will beheld in the Christian church next Sunday. Prof. George W. Chapman willinstruct the adults' Bible class; Mrs.Walter Clark, intermediate: Mrs.j Rohert J. Neely, junior class and Mrs.Lizzie Walker the primary class. Themeeting will be held at three o'clockin the afternoon and all the Sundayschool teachers in the county are invited to he present at the meeting.r- noaiawm racKing L,o.,"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all i first-class grocersand dealers.BaldwinPacking Co.Paris, Kentucky.IIII" -' i x . -'' . .5 'i i" '