THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PMDAY IN THE YEAB.mVOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 28, 1911.Aged Minister Recovers.The Rev. Dr. H. M. Scudder, pastorof the Presbyterian church at Carlisle,has entirely recovered from a brief illness. Juat after closing his sermon ata union meeting held at theMethodist-Episcopal church. South, bundayCastleman Sues.General John B. Castleman, ofLouisville, has filed'suit in Lexingtonagainst the Adams Express Companyfor $5,000 damages, alleging that aValuable three-gaited show mare wasso badly handled at Cincinnati intransit from Columbus, Ohio, to Lexington as to leave her with cappedhocks, sttinghalted, halter-burned andnervous.Scott County Fair.The Scott 'county fair opened atGeorgetown Tuesday morning wttn recovery,several thousand visitors in attendance ! 77T7Z T. ZT .and will continue through Saturday, j At the Mt. Sterling Fair.Many of the best strings or norses in.ihe State are on exhibition.lMBaBMWBiBaMHiMM'M"' "2SrfSSkmBBBBBMfc gg'gMMM'B , ', HugpgHCantillion Puts One Over OnParis,When Mike Cantillion, "manager ofthe Minneapolis club, of the AmericanAssociation sent out the announcement that he had signed CatcherSaw Mill Burned.Among the exhibitors at the Mt.Sterling fair this week are the follow-i ing from Bourbon : Collins & Rpd. mon, Allie Jones and Powhattan StockI Farm, of North Middletown, and W.A.' Bacon, of Paris.Site Selected for Memorial.The saw ana planing mills of W. B.Mathews & Co., 2t Maysville, wereentirely destroyed hy Fire Tuesdayafternoon. A hiffh wind drove sparksdown the flue into the shaving box, I The Morgan Monument Committeewhich ignited, setting fire to lh , Monday selected the site at the southplant. This is the third time the mill . east corner of the courthouse yard inhas been burned. The loss is between Lexington, for the memorial to Gener515,000 and $20,000, with no insurance. I al John H. Morgan. The dedicationA large consignment of lumber was will be October 18 or 13.fcurneu.For Sale Privately.I will sail privately all of my household and kitchen furniture. Everything is first class and can be sepn atmy home on Ferguson street. Homephone 411.MRS. ULLMAN LANCASTER.In Dry Old Georgetown.Sheriff Smith, deputy Sheriff Fleming, Chief of Police McNally and Patrolman Morgan Wednesday raided the"soft drinks" establishment of JeffLuke in the Wellington Hotel, atGeorgetown, which has been undersuspicion, and captured about one anda half barrels of bottled whiskey inpint bottles, and several cases of beer.New Order of.SjShh Iw3JriessoBeginningAugust 1, 191 1$wwiff4)V.fcS?STRAW HATS 1 2 OFFREGULAR PRICEnight, Dr Scudder was suddenly (Mayer, ?Df the Paris club, the iansstricken with illness and fainted. Fori thronohnut this nireuifc ouened theira time it was feared that he was J eyes in amazement and began 10 wonseriously ill, but was soon revived orxd :der why Cantillion could get a claimtaken to hi3 home where ho entirely ' on the Paris winripad artist after therecovered. Dr. Scudder is wfVi known St. Louis Amreicans had made thein Paris and his many f ijends here j offer of fifteen hundred cool plunks forwin oe g?atmea w learp. 0f nis early the release of the Cincinnati boy.Few around this station understandthe affair as it really is but if Cantillion wants Mayer he can acquire himiwithout the least trouble or hitch, dueentirely toa little deal, secretly, ofcourse, but which finally leaked out,and the best Paris can do is to set upand bemoan the fact they were thevie ims of an unforseen calamity, theloss of the best catcher in the BlueGras9 and of one thousand five hundred good hard fcimoleons.It happened 'way last spring, longbefore the snow had ceased to fly andthe warmth of Old Sol would permitball players to venture out in the openand work the kinks out of the musclesthat had been in idleness all of thewinter. It came out in a way thatParis least expected, and the beat thatcan be done is to take the medicineand let Minneapolis take Mayer.Last April the Cantililon tribe.hunting for training quarters, droppedaround in this section, while a numberwere sent farther into the beautifulSouthland, a squad under Cymer, tookup headquarters at Hickman, later atLexington and then drifted into Paris.In the squad were included such celebrities as Mick Althrock, Rube Waddell, Clymer and Hub Dawson, thelatter a former Blue Grass Leaguer.They were scheduled for a gamehere, and McKernan was to pick up anine in Cincinnati and come over tor aclash with the Millers. The weatherwaR icnlement in the extreme, and aj light fall of snow killed the cnancesfor the meeting on the diamond, so tnesquad csmped around the stove in thecomfortable hotel lobby, telling storiesand playing over the most excitinggames of their career.It was in the hotel lobby that thefoundation for the agreement was laid.President Bacon was a frequent callerat the hostelry down town and hobnobbed with the players. Intimacy be-Itween the head of thp Paris club andClymer grew, then the latter put in agood" word with Cantillion for theParis president.Bye and bye the warm days reliedaround and with it came two playersfor spring practice and the try-out.With them came McKernan, and in afew short days Walter Mayer followed. Mayer played'around the QueenCity and first came into prominencewhen Griffith offerel to take him onthe Southern trip with the Reds. Hewas little thought of then as anythingother than a good catcher for a bushleague cub.The depleted pitching staff of theParis club needed strengthening andthe sale of Scott made it necessary tolook around for a shortstop. Whocould turn the trick better thanCantillion. He was appealed to andfor the pick of the Pris club he wasto send down two good men. StillMayer was not looked upon as a bigleague possibility as he had not hadthe chance to make a show.From Minneapolis came Shears andMcKelvy, the latter to fill at short andthe former to hurl. Still the clubleaders were unsuspecting. In a shorttime McKevly was set adrift becausehe could not connect with the ball andput into Frankfo-t where he playedfor a time.Then came Billy Doyle, the St.LouisJAmerican scout, who dropped into look 'em over. Mayer's workcaught his eye in a minute and hemade an offer of $1,500 for the catcher. The eyes of the club officials wereopened. What was to be done? Nothing, absolutely nothing. The agreement had been signed and lodged withSecretary Farrell. Cantillion held therope. Now comes a press dispatchtrom Minneapolis to the effect thatMayer had been signed by that club asCantillion will take no chance on being short on backstops since the release of Dawson.Seven hundred and fifty dollars eachfor two men is a pretty big price for aminor league to pay. In McKelvy theParis club received a mess of pottageand realizing this he was strickenfrom the roster. Shears is doing well,the fact is he is one of the very bestin this company, but withal we thinkhe would be free to admit that hewouldn't be worth that much of anybush league club's money even if hepossessed the throwing arm of MartyO 'Toole.it' . After careful consideration, I have decidedto the best interest of myself and customers toadopta strictly cash business.By so doing I will be able to get the best goods Wat very lowest prices, and can give you same JKT T" 1 17 1 1 "advantages, rosmveiy no accounts will be kept,but cash down when goods are sold or delivered.I fully appreciate the very generons patronageof the past and ask a continuance of same underour new system, with the assurance that you willfind it to your interest to do so."One price to all and that the lowest."WW4The Grocery Store of Quality, w.T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,tofJPANAMA HATS25 Per Cent Off1ONE LOT BOYS 50c GAPS NOW 150mmwmV&flQe.Price & Co.,Clothiers.rr5I&- w' 5??.r& JSfi; 5rf3ritfriiW ?JZ 1k? X JU XJf vstSIf ssrtfr- XrZe. 2fe-JF VfS- fsni& GrJ sr? ?For Sale.Twenty tons of Western clover hay.2t M. J. MURPHY.Remarkable Reductions.The most remarkable reductions arebeing offered right now in wall paper.J. T. HINTON.Blue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you withsacks. Both phones.6 tf R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.rl "WEKNOW HOWTwo Killed.Leek Whitt, outlaw and notoriouscharacter of the mountains, was instantly killed; Buddy Whitt, his uncle,was wounded, and James Harper diedat St. Joseph's Hospital in Lexingtonfrom his injuries.a result of a shootingaffray which took place at Salyersville, Magoffin county, Tuesday morning. Buddy Whitt was shot five timesin the abdomen but there is a slightchance for his recovery.' Ju rfweAreNowHandsomeLocated in OurNew Store Room 'are ready to receiveour friends and customers,Come in and have a lookat our new home.IMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckymmis ELKiiiiiiimmiiimuimiui iiiiiniiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiuniiuiniiiiiiiinuiiiiiuinniiiiiuMiiuimiimiiiiiiimiLiirsV ! m . A . WhKANK & CO. sThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.w E&4gsS8?REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles inLAWNSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and' Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at JO and J 2 J -2c a yardNew Fall Styles in Dress Ginghamsat 10 and 12 l-2c yard.SUMMER SLIPPERSWei have just received several of the very newest stylesin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede atJ. 95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pairRemnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,Calicoes, Etc all at Big ReductionsO. 5,' E' TFrank & Co.Paris, - - Kentucky5in;iniiniiniiunniiium);jjiiiiii!iiiiiiiiJJiniuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiiiniJiiJiiiiijjwmmmmmmmNUMBER 59I99mTWot.V'Aa&, .5RfilRiY'!i v51i(S$$$,rVIr9 ZZt4i4mwi$THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 28, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSThe Tenderfoot FarmerIt was one of these experimental farmers, who put greeaspectacles on his cow and fed her shavings. His theorywas that it didn't matter what the cow ate so long as shewas fed. The questions of digestion and nourishment hadnot entered into his calculations.It's only a "tenderfoot" farmer that would try suchan experiment with a cow. But many a farmer feeds him"BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erself regardless of digestion and nutrition. He might almost as well eat shavings for all the good he gets out of his food. - The result is that the stomach,grows "weak" the action of the organs of digestion and nutrition are impairedand the man suffers the miseries of dyspepsia and the agonies of nervousness.To strengthen the stomach, restore the activity of the or$ans of digestion and nutrition and brace up the nerves,use Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, It is an unfailing remedy, and has the confidence of physicians aswell as the praise of thousands healed by its use.Xn the strictest sense "Golden Medical Discovery" is a temperance medicine. It contains neither intoxicants nor narcotics, and is as free from alcoholas from opium, cocaine and Other dangerous drugs. All ingredients printed onits outside wrapper.Don't let a dealer delude you for his own profit. There is no medicine forstomach, liver and blood "just as good" as "Golden Medical Discovery."Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-clasB Mail Matter.Established in 881 19 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per inch for first time; 50cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.MILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.I5 Easily laid can be laid rigKt over wood shingles if necessary HFireproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and never jneed repairs. For further detailed information apply to WfPwtjHK ORIGINALITYKvXKSaesPImaONE YEAB,$2.00 I SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00NONE BETTER.and SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinguisJies our Monuments from all otlicrs, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pnoumatio Tools Our Specialty.NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THE GARDENSPORTING NEWS LETTER&7M&rr rv .SMIK -&K3LK .SiVth$k4 fi$$s "hTV - fAx & i ' ' 111 "is a real pleasure if you I ayethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real sejviceand to make work easy. Comeand get an 'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.LOWEY & TALBOTTParis. KZerLtxo3s.vBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notre -rut it.Bourbon Laundry,wBy C. H. ZUBEK.Cincinnati, July 27. The Reds' present series of games at home with theEastern teams are taking on the asDect of the early spring contests, whennew talent is rampant and the fans goout in droves in order to size up thenew men and decide for themselveswhat extent they willlfit into the localscenery. The acquisition of a numberof new players during the past fewweeks has brought about a sort ofspringtime atmosphere, especially asPresident Herrmann has requestedManager Griffith to try these men outnow instead of waiting until the lastfew days of the season, by which timeall of them would be more or lessstale. President Herrmann gos onthe theory that we know what the oldmen are capable of and what theyhave been doing so far this seasonnow its up to Griffith to find out whatthe recruits are made of, and so, fromnow until the team leaves again forits third and last Eastern invasion, allthe new men that are added to theroster of the team will be trotted outfor demonstration and inspection.And the results are certain to be beneficial in the matter of deciding whoshall and who shall not stick withtheteam for next season.The indications are good that Marsans and Almeida, the two Cubans onwhom the club has an option, willstick with the team. In the gamesplayed so far Marsans, the outfielder,has shown the superior class. Hefields beautifully, throws hard and far,is lightning fast on the bases, and canhit some. Almeida also is speedy andhas a strong arm, but seems to suffera slight handicap in being somewhatslow in getting throws away. However, tnat is 3 iauit mat can easily ubcorrected, and there is no doubt butthat he v ill overcome it betore longIn all other reof a real ballsafe to assert that he and Marsanswill be seen regularly in the line-upduring Uhe next few weeks, andespecially in next Sunday's game withBrooklyn and on the following Sundaywith Philadelphia.The other new men who will be triedwhile the Reds are at home are Grieveand Balenti, shortstops. At presentEd Coant is covering short field forthe team, as that appears to be theweakest place on the infield. If hemakes good during these trials, thenew manager of the Reds will havebut little trouble with his line-up, asgood third basemen are plentiful, TheReds having Esmond and Almeida asextra men on the job, with ArthurPhelan, who was with the team for ashort time last fall, and who burnedup things in the Southern' League thisyear, coming along later on. It is expected that Balenti, who showed some'spetjd in the last game at Brooklyn,ami be ui-ed in next bunday's gameagainst the Dodgers, no mater howgood the work of Grant may be duringthe rest of the week. Other youngsters that are added from time to timewill be dispalyed as fast as they report, s j mat the fans will have something to interest them, even thoughthe team doesn't reacn the first division.harness horse who is attracting themost attention of the followers of thisstyle of racing these days. The gilding comes out of the famous jChimesNotti King family, which also developed The Abbott as well as, the Abbe,the unbeaten pacer of 1910. TheHuguenot is under the skillful titleageof the veteran Ed Geers, and promisesto make a decided name for himselfbefore the end of the season, providedhis bad manners do not interfere. Itis reported that The Huguenot is whatis generally termed a "bad actor, "andof this propensity creeps into his raceshis speed and staying powers will besadly handicapped. The Huguenotwill meet all the great trotters of hisclass before the end of the season, andthose who have seen him perform confidently predict victories for him in allhis starts.To Prevent Bird Extermination.A law has been passed in Australiaand New Guinea to prevent plumes,skins or eggs of birds being sent outof the country. The bird of paradisein New Guinea and the lovely lyre birdin Australia have been threatened withextermination by the petty bird murderers after money.VERIFY IT.The Proof Is In Paris Almost atYour Door.Paris,Keniucky.Can Live Long Without Food.An eagle can live 28 days withoutfood.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?' "We have had so many inquiriesliately regarding Eczema and otherkin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careful investigation we have found that& simple wash o Oil of "Wintergreen,cls compounded in D. D. D., can bo relied ipon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure or itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Eecause We know that it gives inetant relief to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It -enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearstot complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.Is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalknover your case with us.vGS. Varden & Son.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.LIQUID CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILS 'In regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Don't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought -about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys It, thensoothesand healg the skin as nothing lsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thicure, and .give you instant relief. ,G S. Varden & Son. " ' ''The public statement of a Paris citizen is in itself strong proof for Parispeople, but confirmation strengthensthe evidence.Here is a Paris citizen who testifiedyears ago that Doan's Kidney Fills relieved sick kidneys and now states thecure was permanent. Can any suffererm-come it betore long. from kidney ills ask better proof? Youspects he looks the part can investigate. The case is right atplayer, and it is prettyjnomeMrs. J. T. Martin, Eleventh andMain streets Paris, Ky., says: "Kidney trouble in my casa was brought onby a fall 1 recieved two years ago.My back ached until I thought it wouldbieak and sharp twinges often shotthrough my kidneys as if someonei were hitting me. I tried various remedies, but could not find relief until Iprocured Doan's Kidney Pills at Wilson's drug store. After using themone week I felt like a different womanand I was soon completely cured. IIgave a statement for publication in1903, telling of my experience and atthis time I am glad to confirm all Ithen said in praise of Doan's KidneyPills. I think more highly of themthan ever."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other."Lil Athah" Johnson appears tohave had two ice cream festivals prepared for him during his stay in England, for the two matches arrangedfor the dusky champion can hardly beclassified as fights, when one gets thedope on the men whom he is to meetin the ring for rich stakes. His firstmix-up will be with Pady Curran, whois heralded as the Irish Champion,while his other contest will be withBombadier Wells, the English champion. No where's some dope on thesetwo men that will give some idea ofwhat a cinch Johnson appears to be upagainst: Curran was outpointed byEddie McGoorty, a second-rate fighterfrom Oshkosh, Wis. ; Curran knockedout Gunner Moir.and Gunner Moir putBombadier Wells away in three rounds.Now what show have these men withJohnson, fat and all?Ohio Valley motor boat enthusiastswill be given the opportunity to indulge in their favorite sport here early in September, when the Fern BankDam Association will arrange a bigpleasure boat parade on the river, tobe followed the next day by a seriesof acqutic contests of all kinds, frommotor boat races down to swimmingaffairs, and including several rowingraces. The occasion rfor this celebration, twhich will extend over aperiod of one week, is the completionof the Fern Bank Dam by the UnitedStates Government, this work givingCincinnati a continuous stage of ninefeet of water for a distance of 26miles. Substantial prizes will beoffered in the various events, and it isexpected that boats from jail portionsof the Ohio Valley will "compete. Thedates of the celebration are September4 to 10.The Hueguenct seems to be theRural Carriers' Pay Will be Readjusted.The pay "of Kentucky rural lettercarriers is about to be readjusted sothat the maximum compensation willbe $1,000 a year.In the future, rural carriers will bepaid according to the following schedule: Those serving routes whose length issix miles and less than eight mileswill get $400 per annum ; eight rrilesand less than ten miles, 480;ten milesand less than twelve miles, $510;twelve miles and less than fourteenmiles. $560; fourteen miles and lessthan sixteen miles, $600; sixteen milesand less than eighteen miles, $700;eighteen miles and less than twentymiles, $800 ;twenty miles and less thantwenty-two miles, $900; twenty-twomiles and less than twenty-four miles,$960; twenty-four miles and over,$1,000.Death in Roaring Fire.may not result from the work of firebugs, but often severe burns arecaused that make a quick need forBucklen's Arnica Salve, the quickest,surest cure for burns, wounds, bruisesboils, sores. It subdues inflammation.It kills pain. It soothes and heals.Drives off skin eruptions, ulcers orpiles. Only 25c at Oberdorfer'sGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.22&s$tf9a&Zgm$$m2$g2&&l2&dt22d?2Were you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. Trys&Best the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.sSsSSS&sZSfS3M URDERIn prices of our entire stock of Men's Ladies' andChildren's Summer Footwear. Than to have it left overfor next season we dicided to sell out all our entire stockat the mercy of the public at prices that are lower thanthan the manufacturers can produce. Here are a few ofthe big Bargains.Men's pat. Button or Lace, $4 value at $2.00Men's gun metal Button or Lace, 4 value . .$2.00Men's Tan Oxfords button or lace, $4.50, . . .$3.25Ladies' 1, '2 and 3-strap Pumps, $3 value $1.75Misses' 1 and 2-strap Pumps, 2 value $1.29THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop.PARIS, KY.Ilili'Iljji iTh j4jf4. , A few years ago flyinsrmachines were hardlythought of, nor wasScott's Emulsionin summer. Now Scott'sEmflsion is as much a summer as a winter remedy.Science did it. All DruggistsEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOBPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and"' 'LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bout,- ' "' Cbon County Exchanges at ' -Paris, Millersburg, North Middletown, "Little ock anRuddles 'Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service. 'The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated:? RNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, LimbernecR. Roud. Canker. .c,o0?rx Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryJfc Katie Bryant, Bankown. Ky., says: "I haTe used Recipe 4-1 1 -44 for years aad think it the bestP wmcdyn?tle; IlcursaPC3 and hmbemeck without faU. ukuikbr n VM?T' Bard,to?' " ' L.",.ne dr,?p Redpe 4-1 1-44 dropped down the bill of a Capinchicken kills the worm and reheres the chick instantly. Iti, the best prevenUveThave ever used."Mfg. aid Guaranteed by J. Robt Crame, lardstewn, Ky. Prke 50c at all Drutfsts.SOLO BYHIG. S. Varden & Son.hir -imtfm.:uV-7rfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY '28, 1911,ffflfWfWTmfmflfBJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!wI .TRE J9B R60fflS OFTHEByRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses "come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.STATE FAIR CLUBS INEACH OF 119 COUNTIES"BOOSTERS" WILL BE MARSHALLED IN IMPOSING ARRAYIN EVERY DIRECTION.Kentucky State Fair clubs in everycounty in the' state are promised longbefore the gates open for the big annual exhibition on the magnificent fairgrounds which are the property of thepeople of Kentucky. These KentuckyState Fair clubs will be organized inconnection with the county meetingsof the Farmers' institutes. The members of each of these clubs are expected to become "boosters" and willhave as their slogan, "I'll be there;will you?"The forming of these state fair clubsalone is expected to mean a big increase in the attendance at the fairfrom each of the counties of Kentucky. In addition, the fiscal court in eachof the Kentucky counties will be asked to make an appropriation of $100for a county display. There is not acounty in the Commonwealth butwhich has one or more products ofwhich it is justly proud and it is theseproducts which the respective appropriations will pay for displaying.Therefore, it not only will be statepride which will be on trial, but county pride as well. A good natured rivalry will thus result which shouldsend the citizens of the different counties back home prouder than ever ofthe resources of their respective communities.Cbe Bourbon new$,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fiWiiiiiWiWliiUrtFill LIST.GREAT FER!RURAL SCHOOLS RECOGNIZEDKENTUCKY STATE FAIR GOES THELIMIT IN ENCOURAGINGEXHIBITORS.The annual premium list for theKentucky State Fair, which is justout of the hands of the printer, teemswith good things in the way of awards,all of a character to attract exhibitors.Thousands of copies are being mailedto prospective exhibitors and the demand for them is unprecedented. Aglance through the pages of the premium list, which is attractively gottenup both from a standpoint of mechfrnical work and of arrangement, furnishes pleasing surprises.Among the new departments will bethe educational, with prizes for thechildren in connection with the ruralschools. These prizes Svill be dividedamong the classes in sewing, cooking,map drawing, model lessons, writing,spelling, etc. The premium list wasplaced in competent hands by Prof.Ellsworth Regenstein, at the head ofthis department, he having designatedMr. McHenry Rhodes, of Owensboro,and Prof. T. J. Coates, of Richmond,for that purpose. Such a departmentis certain to appeal to the enthusiasmof both teachers and pupils, and spirited contests are expected.This recognition of the rural schoolsis in 'line with the policy of the management to recognize the sections ofthe state from which a big part of thesupport for the Kentucky State Fairis expected.PERRY'S VICTORY ON ERIETO BE DISPLAYED IN FIRETriumph of Pyrotechnic Art, Something Absolutely New, Will BeSeen at KentuckyState Fair.From the amusement standpointalone, as divorced from the more serious or the educational end, the Kentucky State Fair of 1911 will make abig hit. Amusements of a characterwhich will not give offense, but whichstill are up to the minute, have beencontracted for, and it will be to laughevery minute while the visitors are inthe proper section. The marshallinginto a band of several big, clumsy elephants is an entirely new and diverting feature from a pleasure standpoint.The Whirling Lunette Sisters will makethe average person dizzy in a very fewminutes and their gyrations are a wonder. The combination feature known asthe "Loop the Loop" and the "Gap theGap," one of the most thrilling featsever attempted anywhere, is certainto draw thousands daily to the sceneof this dare-devil ride. The head-oncollision between two monster engines,each weighing ,40 tons, will providesensations enough to last a week. Thetwo engines are started towards eachother on a track and permitted tocrash in front of the grand stand.Kentucky's Commissioners.The pyrotechnic displays will drawboth old and young as if by magic, asthe features arranged for this year willbe certain to please. In this instancethe state fair management has notbeen, sparing of money as it decidedthat it were better to have none unlessit be the best.Kentuckians should be especially interested in the graphically spectaculardisplay of the Victory on Lake Erie, asGov. Willson has already appointedcommissioners from this state to thecentennial celebration in 1912.Other beautiful and impressive figures shown in fire will be producednightly by the Pyro-Spectacular Company of Rochester, N. Y., with whichconcern the contract has been made.CANINE HUMOR.More Marked In Mongrels Than InDogs With Pedigrees.I generally find, writes a well knownEnglish scientist, that mongreL dogswhen they happen to be sociable havea keen sense of humor. An aristocraticdog with a pedigree may have someinherited smartness, but has no originality. A common yellow dog with8 noancestry to speak of, who has to gainhis living by his wits, could give himcards and spades at his own tricks intwo lessons.Once I took into the house out ofpity a jnongrel yellow dog who insisted on installing himself at my doorstep and always came back, no matterhow often he was chased away. I hadat that time a pedigreed water spaniel,and I tried to "teach him some trickswhen I took him out along a quiet roadat times. The yellow dog, who madefriends with him, always came alongand beat the water spaniel at his owntricks without training. Then he began to play tricks of his own on thespaniel. When he had a bone he looked out for his comrade, and when hesaw him loping along he would laythe bone in his path and disappear.The spaniel always made for the bone,but the yellow dog, just as he wasabout to grab it, would dart from hishiding place and, seizing it, run offwith it This happened over and overagain, but the high bred spaniel nevertumbled to the joke. New York World.TEN KINDS OF MONEY.But Not All of Uncle Sam's AssortmentIs Legal Tender.Uncle Sam officially has ten kindsof money gold coins, standard silverdollars, subsidiary silver, gold certificates, silver certificates, treasury (1890)notes, United States (greenbacks)notes, national bank notes, nickelcoins and bronze coins says the Indianapolis News. While some of thispaper currency is not legal tender,minor coins are legal tender in smallamount. Legal tender is so called because in payment of a debt or obligation of any kind it can be forced onthe creditor "in full of all demand."Gold certificates, silver certificatesand national bank notes, despite theenormous quantity in circulation, arenot legal tender. So far as silver coinis concerned, only $10 worth of"halves." "quarters" and "dimes" arelegal tender, and. as to nickel and copper coins, only 25 cents can be forcedon the creditor. However, with thestandard silver dollar there is no limitto the amount to be paid in liquidation of a claim. The creditor can refuse the silver certificate, but when itcomes to the "dollar of the dads" thedollar must be received" at its facevalue, even if a thousand weigh 58.92pounds.Jack Robinson.A. Foxton Ferguson of Oxford university, speaking of the old time ballads, said that as most of the publicexecutions took place in some park ormarket place, where everybody couldbe present, the onlookers oftentimesamused themselves by singing balladsgiving the entire history of the victim,and this is the reason why so many ofthe old songs are concerned with thehangman and the gallows tree. Particularly interesting also was his description of the origin of the expression "quicker than you can say JackRobinson," heard so often in both England and America. It came, he said,from an old ballad about a sailor named Jack Robinson, who returned toPortsmouth, England, to find his oldsweetheart married to another. Thepoor sailor vowed that he would roamthe seas forever, which he set out todo hardly before his friends realizedwhat he was doing. They called afterhim, but he had gone,Why Business Fell Off.Two London business men were talking when a seedy individual came upand spoke to one of them. After hehad gone the one to whom he hadspoken said to his friend: "That's abrother of mine and about the mostunfortunate fellow in the world. 1have set him up In business threetimes. The last time I bought a porkshop business for him in a place calledBarking. After a few weeks he wroteand said the business had all droppedoff. Would 1 come up? I went, andthe first thing tliat caught my eye wasa ticket in the window inviting thepublic to 'Try Our Barking Sausages.' "I $.Making the Cormorants Work.The cormorants are among the mostinteresting and useful birds in theworld. They are employed in thefishing industry off the coast of Scot:land to a large extent.. They are easily trained to work for their owners,who place a brass ring round eachof their throats so as to prevent thebirds swallowing. ' They naturally feedupon fish and soon learn to depositwhat they catch in their owners' boats.They display remarkable cleverness intime, and a good fisher is worth a gooddeal of money to a fisherman.Lottery Chances.M. Henri Poincare, the mathematician, told us a few years ago that ifevery one who buys a lottery ticketknew how little chance there was ofany one winning a prize there could beno successful lottery. The chance ofeach was about equal to the dangerof being killed in a railway accidentLondon Truth.One LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out atCall while we have your size-" Hil9A2ii -um VJtUP. IV! VYIII;C111ISNo more tickets given on raffle until further noticemmmmmmmrjmsmMmmmsmmm &The Greater Field."Father, I am not sure whether Ishall be a specialist for the ears or theteeth.""Choose the teetb.Av boy. Evryone has thtrty-two dthera, but onivtwo ears." London Tit-Bits.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIAIB9Sunday, July 30, '11.BASE BALLCincinnativs.Brooklyn.Fare $1.50 Sound Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m..returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St. !station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.limiATISlCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Londoners Have Sweet Tooth.London uses 50,000 tons of sugar amnually for jam making.Special Excursion to NiagaraFalls.- Personally conducted " excursion toNiagara Falls, Lake Chiu'auqua,Toronto, Thousand Islands and Montreal, Tuesday, August 1 via Queen &Crecsent Route in connection with BigFour Route.LAKE TRIPS Regular ' ticketsreading via Big Four to Cleveland andL. S. & M. S. Ry. between Clevelandand Buffalo in either direction, will beaccepted for passage en the Cleveland& Buffalo Transit Company's steamers, or Northern S. S. Co. betwenCleveland and Buffalo. Niagara Fallsexcursion tickets are limited to specialtrain going, and therefore will not beavailable via C. & B. steamers, orNorthern S. S. Co. on the going trip,but on return trip excursionists are inposition to use C. & 8. steamers orNorthern S. S. Co. Buffalo to Cleveland. Tickets are limited to return to12days from date of sale. Ask TicketAgent for particulars.H. C. KING, P. & T. A.Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, G. P. A.,Cincinnati, O.Cured by the Marve! of theCentusy, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years."""Hawking, spitting, foul breath, disnhnrcrpq ot v allow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingred- jients. To prove id we win sena yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debilitv. idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaxing joouanc X3iuu caim o, x x.;It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thenoison perms that cause catarrh. Atuthe same time Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purines the blood, does away witnevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B; B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andinteis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples 3ent.free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. So a by Varden & Son.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpnreBotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches jblood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B.B.B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure . of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othexmedicines, liniments and doctorshav e failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S irapiO s:nt free by writing Blood,i-m. o Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble snd free medical' advicegien. '-old by Varden & Son.There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other diseases put together, and until theJasbfew years was supposed to-be incurable. For a great many years doctorspronounced it to be a local diseaseand prescribed local remedies, and byconstantly failing to cure with localtreatment, pronounced it incurable.Science has proven catarrh to be a;constitutional itisease and thereforerequires con'titational treatment.HalPs Catarrh Cure, manufacturedby F, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,is the 'only constitutional cure on themarket. It is taken internally indoses from 10 drops to a tea9poonful.It acts directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. Theyoffer one hundred dollars for any caseit fails to cure. Send for circulars andtestimonials.Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constiMustache Makes for Health.Dr. Paul Kruger, a well-known physician of Vienna, affirms that the mustache has a distinct value for thehealth. He believes that its utilitylies in protecting the nose against theinvasion of dust and bacteria. Recording 500 cases of severe headache andthroat and nose trouble among hismen patients, he found that 420 ofthem had their upper lip clean shaven, vALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimplea andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there Jno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimplea, blackheads, and all other minor forma ofakin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strike to thvery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wlatergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsart so carefully compounded there lamo wash for the skim made that cancompare with this great houseXoldlremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate s'in,and absolutely reliable. A 25-cpntbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. VarJen & Son.Lm&M-Iwr3mM'SL'J;i.31'I"M(1TH BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 28, 1911v?IElection Officers Appointed.The officers to serve at the Felectionof school trustees to be held 'in the-various districts August 5, were selected at the meeting of the CountyBosrdW ednesaay. The officers are asfollows JJacksonville R. L. Shropshire, Win.Cant rill, judges; Ed Rose, Clerk.Clays Cross Roads Jos. Leach, F.P. Clay, judges, S. D. Ardery, clerk.Monterey Jos. Uejarnette, W. J.Calvert, judges; Chas. Fisher, cWk.Fords Mill John Toohey, Ed Bedford, judges ; Jas. Webb, clerk.Centerville Wm. Welch, Ed Blake,jjdges; G. R. Burberry, clerk.Eals C A. Harney, Claude Fisher,judges ; Wra. Withers, clerk.Kiserton Ed Kellar, Jaraeu Kiser,judges; Ora Wagner, clerk.Palmer Wm. Brannock, Ed Kenm :dy, judges Lee Linville, clerk.Mcllvaine G. L. Moreland, LutherMoreland, judges; W. T. Linville.clerk.Pleasant Green J. M.Thomap, Chas.Msy, judges; John Kuster, clerk.Jefferson Dan Hurst, Wm. Rankin,judges; Oscar Herrington, clerk.Tarr J. F. Barbee, A. C. Ball,judges ; John Marr, clerk.Little Rock L. A. Soper, Ed Clarke,judges ; R. H. Burris, clerk.Deaver S. G. Clay, W. T. Redmon,.judges; Willard Kenney, clerk.Lettqn Ellis Garrison, Burton Hornbick, judges; Thos. Hamilton, clerk. 2Stony Point Henry Gaitskill, C. N.Maitir, judges; W. O. Flounce, clerk.Cunningham B. J, Clay.J. R. Price,judges; Jborrest Brocks, clerk.Clintonville Bernard Parnsh, S. L.Weathers, judges; L. V, Hagan, clerk.Siddville J. F. Ingles, George K.Jones. judges; Geo. Pepper, clerk.Dudley Guy Smith, A. H. Willett,judges ; J. A. Dudley, clerk.Hutchison J. W. Case, GeorgeJacoby, judges; George Link, clerk.RELIGIOUS.Not So You'd Notice It.Now and then we hear one tell howhe "would go broke" to help his bestfriend out of an ugly hole, but henever goes "to pieces" so you mightlisten or notice itRev. J. M. Maxon, of Versaillesrector of St. Peters church in thiscity, being away on his vacation,there will be no services at thatchurch until Sunday, September 3.Elder Carey E. Morgan will be inhis pulpit Sunday morning at tneChristian church. No services ainight.Services at the Prebsyteiianchuren bunuay xuun.i..g at lu.j Dythe pastor, Kuv. Jr. B. M. Shive.Rev. F. W. Eberhardt, of Frankfori, will fill the pulpit at the .Baptistchurch Sunday morning. Services at10:45. ThepaBtor, Rev. E. M. Lghtfoot, will preach lor Mr. Eberhardt tohis congregation in Franktort.BASE BALL.TUESDAY.Paris .. 10Lexi'g'n 10Richm' d 108 5568 5569 526Fr'nkf'tWin'sterM'y'sv'e10 4749 47110 412MATRIMONIAL.The marriage of Mr. T. HermanStaggs, of Winchester, to Miss RussiaGay Wade, of Clarke county is announced to be held at the NorthMiddletown Christian church on theevening of Tuesday, August 22.Miss Daisy Belle Farris and Mr.Webster Harp, both of this city, wereunited in marriage at the residence ofthe officiating minister, Elder CareyE. Morgan, Wednesday afternoon at4:30 o'clock. Ihe bride is the attractive daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WinFarris, and the grom is an excellentyoung man. Immediately after theceremony the couple left for a shortbridal trip.Another Feud Murder.Frank Webb and Turpin Turner,farmers of Madison county, quarreledover an old feud, and Turner was killed.Begin Reform at Home.It uld not hurt, not so as any onmight be seriously injured, if some reformers would only start to revolutionize their own sweet and lovelyselves.If It Only Could.Edith "Mamma, don't you thinkGod could hear me better if I used thetelephone when I say my prr.3rers?"Judge.MMW ' .1 tiloodine Blood and KidnevTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases "by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemeiu-Kind!ysen4xne six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped jne morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you gent me, so kindly senduy. itruly. Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.Tabletspromptly.Yours trulW. T. Brooks, Agent.Resignation Accepted.The Paris Board of Education metin called session Monday evening toconsider the resignation of MissMattie Hughes, principal of the grammar department, and the resignationwas accepted.The salary of the principal of thisdepartment was fixed by the board,and Superintendent Geoige W. Chapman was instructed to push the searchfor a good male principal.The board made an appropriationfor the High School Band and authorized th purchase of a vacuum cleaner;also the painting and furnishing of thestage in the auditorium, painting theroof of the colored school building andother repairs.The tennis court on the schoolgrounds was ordered put in good condition and Wednesday workmen wereengaged in improving the grounds.The. last game of the eeries withMaysville Tuesday resulted in the defeat of Paris by a score of 6 to 4.George hurled for Paris and in the firstsession allowed his opponents to countthree runs.In only two sessions were the Bourbonites able to connect with Rornainesuccessfully.The work of Chapman for Paris andWilliams for Maysville in the field andthe batting of Mayer, were the features. The score :Paris 0 0 0 0 0 10 3 04Mayvsille 3 0000120 x-6t Batteries Paris, George and Mayer ;Maysville, Rornaine and Snyder. ErrorsParis 2. Hits Paris . 7, Maysville 11. Earned runs Paris 3, Maysville 2. Two base hit Kuhlman.Sacrifice fly Wiley. Stolen basesShelton 2. Bases on balls off Rornaine6,off George 2. Struck out by Rornaine7, by George 4. Left on bases Maysville 9, Paris 8. Double plays Uranley to Williams to Carmony. Passedballs Snyder 2. First base on errorsMaysville 2. Hit by pitcher Carmony. Time 1 :56. Umpire Barrett. Attendance 400.Frankfort at Richmond Richmond10, Fraknfort 9. Winchester at LexingtonLexington 16, Winchester 4.WEDNESDYA.Paris . . 11Lexi'g'n 11Richm 'd 118 5798 5799 550Fr'nkf'tWin'sterM'ys'v'e11 45010 44411 389"Cyclone" Jack Scheneberg completed his third consecutive victoryfor the Bourbonites by defeating Winchester Wednesday afternoon on thelocal grounds by a score of 13 to 2.The contest was easy for the localsowing to their ability to connect readily with Saunders and won the game inthe first session. The Hustlers coulddo nothnig with Scheneberg and forfive innings could do no better thantwo singles and got only one man tothe second station.McKernan thought to save Scheneberg and sent the big hurler to theleft garden in the sixth and put Maxwell on the mound. The first two upwent down and out, then Brown waspassed and Goosetree scratched asingle. On Mayer's wild throw pastfirst the men moved up a base andboth scored on Hartford's singlethrough second.Scheneberg was called from the outfield and for the remainder of thagame puzzled the Hustlers. In thefirst, session ten of the Bourbonitesfaced Saunders and before the sidecould be retired six runs had beencounted. Again in J the eighth ninewere up before the side was out.The features of the game were thebatting of Mayer, Harrell and, Maxwell, the latter securing four safedrives out of as many trips to theW VHWMMHHHHW MV B m I Mft flHBMBA MiHiM AIA LlfT'LllICE Goes LLojNLQt WeighKinJust a FewMore of theNew IcebergRefrigerators LeftFor the Last Days of July We have made the Price sothat everybody is buying one to protect their pocketwith ice bilLplate. Barnett fielded an excellentgame. The score :Winchester 0000020002Paris 6 0 0 2 0 0 2 3 x 13Batteries Paris, Scheneberg, Maxwell and Mayer; Winchester, Saundersand Callahan. Errors Paris 3, Winchester 3. Hits Paris 16, Winchester6. Earned runs Paris 5. Two basehits Chapman, Harrell. Base onballs off Scheneberg 2,off Maxwell 1,off Saunders 2 Struck out by Scheneberg 6. Double plays Burden toReed, Harnett to Harrell. Wild pitchSaunders. Two hits and two runsoff Maxwell in 2-3 inning. Stolenbases Burden, Maxwell, Chapman.Time of game 1 45. Umpire Sinex.Attendance 350. vMaysville at Lexington Maysville3, Lexington 4, twelve innings.Frankfort at Richmond Frankfort4, Richmond 5.THURSDAY.Paris . . 12 8 600 Fr'nkf't 9 12 429Ricbm'd 12 9 571 Win'ster 8 11 421Lexi'g'n 11 9 550 M'ys'v'e 8 11 421With the bases full in the eighthand Paris needing three run to tiethe score Ollie Chapman put thesphere over the left field fence for ahome run, and Paris won from WinChester by a score of 8 to 6.The locals hit Friedley hard, eightof the eleven hits going for extrabases. Hauser was unsteady at stagesand allowed the vistors to bunch hitsin three innings.The locals counted twice in the firstsession on two triples and a sacrificefly and again in the fourth on a singleand triple.The visitors counted their first runin the fourth on Harrell's bad throwand a single by Brown. Four safedrives in the fourth counted for threeruns and two in the sixth put theHustlers three runs in the lead.The Bourbonites sewed up the gamein the eighth. Barnett took life onHartford's error and Maxwell doubled.Friedley beaned Kuhlman filling thethree stations. Chapman clouted tothe left garden far beyond the reachof Brown and bounded out of the enclosure. Goodman grounded to Burden and Hauser was safe on Burden'serror. Harrell doubled and wascaught off of second, McKernan tripled scorine Hauser.Two base hits in the ninth put Burden and Reed on base. Callahan fanned and Hartford whiffed at threewith two bases occupied Shears wascalled in and fanned Brown, retiringthe side.Today the Bourbonites will play atWinchester and Saturday and Sundaywill be at home with Richmond. Thescore :Winchester 00010320 06Paris 2 0 0 10 0 0 5 x-8Batteries Paris, Hauser, Shears andMayer. Winchester, Friedley andCallahan. Hits Paris 11, Winchester11. ErrorB Paris 2, Winchester 3.Two base hits McKernan, Maxwell,Harrell, Coleman, Callahan. Threebase hits Harrell, Chapman, McKernan 2. Home run Chapman. Struckout by Hauser 8. by Shears 1. Baseon balls off Friedley 2, off Hauser 1.Hit by pitcher Kuhlman. Wild pitchFriedley. Sacrifice fly Mayer. Time2 hours. Umpire Walsh.Lexington at Richmond RichmondHas Funny Habit.Even though he may decline r to accept in full for his work what his employer contracts to pay him, JFredTucker, of Sheblyville, is not crazy.A jury in the Shebly county criminalcourt Tuesday concluded that in thisday of high-priced labor he was toovaluable a amn to be wasted in anasylum and declared him of soundmind. The principal testimony againsthim related to his unusual habit.Another Mail Box.rA combination package and letterbox has been placed at the corner ofMain and Fourth streets for the convenience of the public. Since themoving of the post-office to the'Government Buiding the public has inthis section has been put to a great inconvenience by the absence of a depository, which is now overcome.Jones Released.Pitcher "Utah" Jones, of theFrankfort base ball team, was released Tuesday and has offers to sign withParis, or with, Padueah in the KittyIfeague.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,.go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfFine Business Opportonity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Best cash business in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEBOURBON BANK & TRUST CO.,doing business at Corner Main and Fifth Streets, town of ParisCounty of Bourbon, State of Kentucky at the close ofbusiness on the 18th day of July, 1911.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts cao qq orU. S. and other Bonds, Stocks and Sicuritfra:::;;: " ' n 00Due from Banks . 0R " ""Actual Cash on hand 21 Sfi SChecks, cash items and exchange for clearing 90 4?Overdrafts-Secured, $ ; Unsecured, $ ;"V" 17 4l 3ftCurrent expenses and taxes paid . " 0 12Real Estate, $14,000; Furniture and Fixtures, $500".00:"Totai 14 50000Other Assets not included under any of above heads "."""" 0 00Total$530,211 73LIABILITIES.Capital Stock paid in, in cash sinn w nSurplus, $30,000.00; Undivided profits, $13,247,177 Total ." 43 247 17j Deposits on which interest is paid, $61,051.14 1 m "" ."" U',LI4 Deposits on which interest is not paid, $259,409.29 f lotalDeposits 320,460.43uawiiers cnecKs outstanding, $u.UU; Certified checks, 0.00; Total0.0013,010.6650,000.00Notes and Bills rediscounted, $50,OOO.OOrBilirpayable7 Wb7 Total" "Uther Liabilities not included under anv of thA nhn-ra haAc rpc-,3for Taxes) 33TotalState of Kentucky,County of Bourbon..$530,211 72Set.I, B. Woodford, President of the above named bank, do solemnly swear thatthe above statement is true to the best of my knowledge and beliefu . ' WOODFORD, President,before me by B. Woodford, this 25th day ofSubscribed and sworn toJuly, 1911.My Commission expires January 20, 1914.BUCKNER WOODFORD, Jr.,Notary Public.Correct, Attest: 'J. T. HINTON;'B. A. FRANK,J. W. DAVIS,Directors.5, Lexington 1.Maysville at4, Frankfort 1.Frankfort MaysvilleThe Odd Change.The value of the farms In Kansasis only $1,733,653,000.61. The sixtyone cents was for a new wrench anda quart of gasoline. Kansas IndustrialistChina ClosetSolidandOak, Best Glass in SideFront, Highly Polished,Run in Prices fromI $14 up to $48.Dining TablesSolid Polished Oak, Just like Cut.$18,00Other Dining Tables$2.75 .up to $38w mi S-gii 1A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Paris, Kentucky"Main and Third,CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Courthouse.Mt. Sterliag Fair.The Montgomery County Fair beganTuesday wi'h the best first day's attendance in the history of the association. The show rings were ecxellent,and Allie G Jones, of North Middletown, was the most successful winner,with Powhattan Farm and Collins &Kedmon, second. In the 2:50 trottingrace an unknown sorrel gelding.drivenby Warren Stoner, won in straightheats. The 2:25 trot was won oyPeter Billikin. The winner was drivenby Warren Bacon, of Paris, and showed himself to be one of, the best three-year-oldsout this year. The fair willcontinue the entire week, and it is believed that it will be one of the mostsnecebsful ever held by the association. Prof. Longon did not make hisflight in the airship, claiming that thewind was too high.County Board Meets.The County Board of Education metin the office of the County Superintendent, Miss Mabel Robbins, Wednesdayat 10 o'clock a. m., with the followingmembers present : D. C. Lisle, Wesley Florence, Mrs. J. D. Ockreman, J.N. Mason, J. F. Ingels, F. F. Hrustand Miss Uobbins. The minutes oftherlast meeting were read and approved. Mr. D. C. Lisle was made a committee to have the repairs completed,which were ordered in Division No.1, at the April meeting of the Board.Ic was ordered that the fences enclosing the Eals, Ruddles Mills and Kiserton school proprety be repaired assoon as estimates were received forsame.Mr. Hurst was appointed a committee to dispose of the Purdy schoolproperty, and also to attend to thepainting of the Colville and Jeffersonhouses. Mr. Hutst reDorted on thej Millresburg colored school house andwas authorized to complete same before the beginning of the term in September. Mr. Ingles was dircetsd tomake the necessary repairs on theSiddville school.Miss Robbins was directed to haverepairs made on the Currentsville,Kuckeiville, Monterey and Claysvilleschool buildings, and the farm cf Wm.Wornall was ordered transferred fromthe Fish District to the Cane Ridgecolored district.Messrs. Oldham and Elliott, representing the Waterman-WaterburyHeating Co., appeared before theBoard and recommended the installation of their plant in the schoolbuildings. Miss Robbins was appointed a committee to purchase such heating apparatus as is needed and las ourfinances will permit.Accounts to the amount 'of $62.50were allowed when the meetins ad-'journed to meet at the call of theSuperintendent. jREPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEAGRICULTURAL BANKDoing business at corner of Broadway and Main, town of ParisCounty of Bourbon, State of Kentucky, at the close ofbusiness on the 18th day of July, 1911.RESOURCES4Loans and Discounts v . . o97 R91 1PU. S. and other Bonds, Stocks and sureties'. '.".".".'.'.'. i'oofi noDue from Banks orfj"Actual Cash on hand ..".".'.'.'.". loilq 5"Checks, cash items and exchange for clearing Vq ?Overdrafts-Secured, $....; Unsecured, $. . . . f ".V y2!S 2Current expenses and taxes paid 9nq ?Real Estate, ...., Furniture and Fixtu-es, ..".".', Total!!; 15 000 00Other Assets not included under any of above heads ' qOTotal..$412,354 28:LIABILITIESCapital Stock paid in, in cashsurplus5irplus. $6,200.00; Undivided Profits, $2,09.98, Total! !! 68 298 9SDeposits on which interest is rairl. sprtsu. j. 1 oo,syo y&i r r-.. t' 1 l . . h ' -'- --' r( jjuaiib uu vmcn interest is not paid, $1 6,479 92 f Total Deposits 202 214 37Due Bank's '.A .utstandin- ' checks, ? - -185 oio!w .Ps'rediscounter.yl 00;' BhlspayableVOOO.OO; Total! 2o!o00 00Other liabilities not included under any of above heads; Reservedfor Taxes :.. i,.o,l 44 66Ttal 412,354 2SSf-.nt.fi Of TCpnf.nnlrTr fCounty of Boa bon, SefcIf ?: i Mc1CIinfcock, Cashier of the above named Bank, do solemnswear that the above statement is true to the best of my Swlldge aSJ ., , , L , JNO. J. McCLINTOOK, Cashierof Julyl911. SWrn re me by Jn J Mc01intock, this 25th day.My Commission expires January 17, 1914. , ?j. iv. -jlhumas, JNotary Public.Correct Attest:, . J. D. McCLINTOCK,J. W. DAVIS,N. KRIENER,Condensed Report of the Condition ofDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,As made to State Banking Department at Close f' Business on' July 18, 1911.ofRESOURCES.ash $15,856.15Due from Banks 42,361.52Banking House '. ll.OOO.'ooOther Real Estate 2,586.61Furnitnre and Fixtures 1,500.00Overdrafts 5.832.89Loans v. . . . , 368,448.41$447,716.22LIABILITIES.Capital Stock $100,000.00Surplus. 30,000.00Undivided Profits, includingTax and Interest Fund. . . . 4,519.09Re-Discounts - q'ooDue Banks 4163 97Individual' Deposits !!! 309j033!l6' $447,716.22December '31, 1910July 18, 1911PRESIDENT, JCOMPARATIVE STATEMENT OF DEPOSITS k v' " v ; J a ., : .,';. $263?115.56309,fq$s.x6MALL. VICE-PRESIDENT, RCASHIER, C. K. THOMAS.M.JN'EELY."fc-BOOK KEEPERS-George DoVle and Fayette Arderv-'f-)DIRECTORS-''J. M. Hall,R. J. Neely,N. Kriener,E. H. Gory,Robt.;Meteer,L. M. Stuart.s5 -Depository for United Stales Postal Savings,E.Vft IHckson,S.S. Af&eryt'm1iA-VfeiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 28, 1911.fb BOURBON NEWS.cvtz7&tALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGProtect your growing tobacco against hail.THOMAS & WOODf ORD,fire and Toinado Insurance.Barbecue.A movement is on foot to have anold-fashioned barbecue at Cynthiana inAugust or September.Harness.Everything in harness.28 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Business Sold.The National Five and Ten CentStore, in this city, conducted by Mr.Edwin S. Witts, of Cynthiana, hasbeen sold to Mr. Albert Jones, ofWellsville, Ohio.Colored Campmeeting.Rev. R. Quarles.the "Black Moody,"will begin a big campmeeting atBerry's Grove on August 20, 1911UiVreDyoay invitedA Pleasing Feature.One of the most pleasing features atthe Grand Oprea House is the singingof Miss Birdie Wollstein. Miss Wullstein, who is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. L. Wollstein. for the past seasonhas been a student at the College ofMusic in Cincinnati. She, delightedthe audiences at the grand with herbeautiful vocal selections.Soft Drinks.The famous malt mead, coca cola,and ail kinds of soft drinks on ice atall times.2t JAS. E. CRAVEN.Sustained Painful Injuries.Leo Gorey, son of Mr. and Mrs.Robert C. Gorey, who formerly resided in Paris, met with, a painful accident at Mobile, Ala., last week. Hewas firing on the Louisville & Nashville railroad at that point, and desiring to leave the train, he jumped whilethe train was going about 35 miles anhour, instead of waiting for it to stop,and was thrown violently to the siding,sustaining a broken leg and ankle andvery painful bruises.Free PenHo!der.One box of Hunt's round pen points,assorted, 12 to box for 10 cents, a nicepen-holder free with each box. Don'tiail to get in on thi3 proposition whileit lasts28 2t ' PARIS BOOK CO.Spring Chickens.Fat and fancy. Call us and we willtell you about them.T. LEN1HAN,25 2t Both phones 2ZA.Committee InspectsChurch.ParisMrs. U. S. G. Pepper, Mrs. O. M.Johnson and Miss Belle Taylor Judy,of MillreDsurg, were in Paris yesterday looking over the decorations cf theinterior of the Baptist church in thiscity. The ladies composed a committee from the Christian church atMillerbsurg, to inspect the work inthe Paris church, before letting a contract for the improvement along thisline of the Christian church in Millersburg. They were much pleased withthe work in this edifice.Wall Paper Bargains.Come in and secure some of the bargains I am offernig in wall paper andmattings.J. T. HINTON.Bank Statement.A call for the condition of Statebanks as of July 18 has been issued byDr. Ben Bruner, Secretary of State.The report must be in the office of theSecretary of State not later than July28. Under the call the statements ofcondition of banks must be publishedin some newspaper printed in thetownwhere the bank is located.The banking department of the stateurges that tne reports be sent inpromptly. J. F. Ramey, bank clerkin the Secretary of State's office, saysthat it is not necessary to wait untilafter the statement is published tosend in the report, as the publishedstatement can be mailed separately ata later date.Feathers Wanted.We are buying 11 kinds of feathers,old and new ; paying from 20 cents to50 cents per pound.MAX MUNICH,28 2t L. T. phone 374.Wreck at Falmouth.Another railroad wreck took placeat Falmouth on the L. & N. Tuesdayafternoon. Two freights were on themain track and the first had no flagman out. A second came up and raninto the back end of the first, whichhappened to be standing on the bridgethere. The engine tipped the cabooseup on end, but did not knock it fromthe bridge. News of the acident wastelegraphed to this city and a wreckerwas asked for, but when the situatiorwas explained it was ordered that thfdamaged caboose be dumped from thebridge into the river belt-w. A largec.ewof bands was working on thtbridge, enlarging it to be ready forthe double track and" the job was not adifiicult one.See Our Window. ;tleJ. -T. Hinton & window oirsplayifrreesss. They are me -acearnsiMzHhe best in the f(nJQPERSONAL MENTION.-Mrs. Harry Sinon has returnedfrom a visit in Cincinnati.Miss Frances Hancock is visitingfriends in Lawrenceburg.Mrs. Nannie Herrick, of this city,was a visitor in Carlisle Sunday.Mrs. James Burbridge, of Lexington, is visiting friends in this city.Mr. Robt. J. Neeley remains quiteat his homde on Duncan avennp.ill. . tlMiss Lucille Burnaugh, of Carlisle, is visiting Mrs. Curtis Henry.Messrs. Wm. and John Sauer werein Cincinnati yesterday on buisness. -Mrs. John Bolsm, of St. Louis,Mo., is visiting relatives in this city.Mibs Anna Hizer, of Falmouth, isvisiting her sister. Mrs. Ed Summers.Mr. Leon Levy, of Covincrton. isvisiting his sister, Mrs. Gus Margolen.Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Alexander arein New York for a several weeks'stay.Mrs. Robt. GGggin entertained informally at Bridge yesterday afternoon. Mrs Max Munich has returnedfrom a week's visit to relatives atSomerset.Miss Mary Mitchell Clay is theguest of her aunt, Mrs. Samuel Willis,in Clark county.Mrs. J. T. Hinton has as her guestat her home on High street Mrs. J.C. Young:, of Danviile.Miss Myra Duke of Maysviile, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. JamesWoodford, in the county.Mrs. Brice Steele will entertainthe Sewing Club this morning at herhome on Pleasant street.Mr. Lawrence Dickerson hasgone to French Lick Springs, Ind., forthe benefit of his health.Mr. Luke Connelly was taken tothe St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington,Wednesday for treatment.Mr. Jerry Andrews, of Pittsburg,Pa . arrived Saturdav to be the truestof Mr. and Mrs. D. C. Parrish.Mrs. Eliza Tucker and grandson ,Gideon Tucker, left yesterday for avisit to relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Clark Barnett andMrs. W. W. Judy are attending thefair at Mt. Sterling this week.Mr. Bentley Bacon, of WichitaFalls, Kansas, is the guest of his uncle. Mr. J. W. Bacon, in this city.Miss Annie Eads Peed is in Mt.Sterling, the guest of her aunt, Mrs.J. 'J. Fizes, and attending the fair.Mrs. Wm. Minogue and children ofthis city, who have been visiting relatives in Carlisle, have returned home.Miss Anna Howe, has leturned toher home in Carlisle after a visit toher brother, Mr. Julian Howe, in thiscity.Mrs. Wm. Schnick and children, ofBeaumont, .Texas, are visiting Mrs.Schniek's parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. B.Lovell.Mrs. E. G. Sulaberry and son,Edward, of Covington, are guests ofher brother, Dr. M. H. Dailey, onStoner avenue.Mrs. Judson Taylor and Mrs. Edgar H. Taylor, of Knoxville, Tenn.,are guests of the family of Mr. W. M.Hinton. on Main street.Mrs. D. C. Parrish' entertainedwith a five o'clock tea yesterday inhonor of her daughter. Mrs. JerryAndrews, of Pittsburg, Pa.Miss Margutrite Morrison, ofCharleston W Va., will arrive todayto be the guest ot her grandparents,Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Butler.Mrs. Charles Wilmoth and twochildren and Mr. Jame M. Russellhave returned from a visit to Mrs.John Barnes at Mt. Sterling.Mrs. James Porter has as herguests this week Mrs. W. P. Hackettand daughter, Miss Katie Glancey andMiss Managan, of Winchester.Misses Mary and Lillian Rewter,who have been the guests of theircousin, Mrs. Winifred Doyle, have returned to. their home in New York.Mrs. Harmon Stitt and Mrs. JuliaEdwards are at Graham Springs for atwo weeks' stay. They ill be joinedtomorrow by Miss Rebecca Dohrer.John Watson and William BurgessMatthews, sons of Postmaster Clarence Matthews, of Maysviile, arevisiting Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Miss Kate Alexander is the guestof Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Clay. Sr., whileher father, Mr. George Alexander isin New York under treatment of aspecialist.Miss Elizabeth Whitridge, ofBaltimore, Md., who has been theguest of Miss Carolyn Roseberry, isvisiting the family of Mrs. K. B.Young in Mt. Sterling.Mrs. Julia Beauchamp, who hasbeen visiting the family of hernephew, Mr. John Duuglass, has goneto Lexington for a few days before returning to her home in MidwayThe Misses Larue entertained themembers of the Sewing Circle Wednetaay afternoon at their elegant countryhome near Shawhan. Mrs. FrederickW. Eberhardt and Mrs. Frank Laruewere guests of honor. Delicious refreshments we're served.Cynthiana Democrat: "Prof. E.M. Cotsello.of Paris, was in CynthianaThursday and Friday to conduct examinations for applicants for positions asteachers in the Cynthiana High School.These applicants were examined inLatin, English Literature and HigherMathematics."Mrs. W. L. Davis has returnedfrom Danville, accompaonied by hergranddaughter, Miss Margaret GrahamDavis, and is with her sister, Mrs.John T. Hinton. Mr. Will HintonDavis is still in the hopsital at Danville recovering from the effects otthe dreadful railroad accident but willbe a cripple for life.Mrs. Mamie Lear and -daughter,M'trgartt Bdte, arriverl. yesterdayfrom Columbus, Ohio, to visit relatives and friends. Miss ElizabethStuart Carter returned home from avisit to Mrs. Leer.Mr. Barnett Winters is the guestof his grandparents in Eminence.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs Rose in NewYork.- Mrs. A. J. Winters w,as the guestcf her niece, Mrs. Frankle, in Lexington yesterday.Misses Grace and Lona McCordare visitiner relatives in Fleming andNicholas counties.Dr. George Varden,C. B. McShaneand J. Q. Ward left Tuesday night fora fishing trip in Bell county.Mrs. Bettie Brcwn is seriously illwith typhoid fever at the home of Mr.and Mrs. Chas. Clendenin on Mt. Airy.Mrs. Geisriter and daughter, ofPine Bluff, Ark., arrived yesterday tovisit the Misses Larue near Shawhan.Mss Nelle Pithian.who was operated on at the Good SamarUn Hosptal,a few weeks ago fcr appendicitis, isimproving rapidly.Miss Elemeta Hinton will entertain about forty of her little J friendsthis afternoon from three to six at thehome of her parents, Judge and Mrs.E. T. Hinton, on Pleasant street.Pof. J. C. Atchison, of the Caldwell College, Danville, was in the citya few days this week in tne interestof the school and while here was theguest of Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Webb.Chickens.We have a nice lot of bioilng anjtrying chickens.C. P. COOK & CO.Carried Insurance.1Sylvester Whalen, who was killed atthe L. & N. passenger depot Sundayafternoon by being struck by anenRine and crushed to death, carried alife insurance policy in the Metrojpolitan Life Insurance Company.vvnaien naa Deen examined ior tne insurance about three weeks ago and thepolicy had been delivered to him July17, just one week before he met histragic death.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker goodasnew.SAMUEL CLAY.28 tf R. F. D. No. 3.FOR SALE.Roll-top desk and iron safe.28 2t J. H. HAGGARU.iff aster's SaleOF-City Property.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Anna Massie, Executrix, &c.On petition.By virtue of a judgment 'and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June terra, 1911,ot the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., oncredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the property described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit:The property to be sold consists ofa lot and warehouse thereon in Paris,Ky., adjoining the right of way oMheLouisville & Nasbville Railroad Company arid decsribed as folllows :A certain brick warehouse and lot inParis, Bcurbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thefront by said street 103 feet beginningat the corner of the brick warehousenow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcraft at a point marked A on theside towards the Kentucky CentralRailroad and xunning from said corneralong said Main cross street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram marked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked C on the diagram, thewall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehousebeing on the line ; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance of 30 feet running along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central nassenger dpot to the corner of the" housemarked D on the diagram given herein ; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of61 1-2 feet; thence from the pointmarked E at the end of Hutchcraf t'swarehouse along the line of said warehouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedF on the diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches, and thence from saidcorner along the said side of saidwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Bourbon County Court.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety bearing interestat the ratefcof six per cent k'per annumfrom date until paid, haviDg the forceand effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be accepted for less than8.000.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneys.-M. F. Kenncy,' Auctioneer.Defends Girls and is RoughlyTreated.t A dispatch from New York says:"It does not please a Kentuckian tosee young women molested. It did notplease Thomas R. Dixon, formerKentuckian. last night when he sawtwo United States soldiers molestingtwo young women 'in Battery Park.Mr. Dixon interfered and rescued thegirls, but was attacked by the soldiersand roughly treated."Mr. Dixon is a son of the lateArchibald Dixon, of Henderson, andis a nephew of the late Gov. JuhnYoung Brown. His family have longbeen proimnent in Kentucky."Wheat Wanted.Before sellinc vour wheat see ns nrcall Phone 84. We buy at all stationsen the F. & C. and L. & N. railroads.Call and get your wheat sacks.K. li. HUTCHCRAFT.11 6wks Paris, Ky., TAKE AKODAKWITH YOUKodaks ' $5 to $111Brownies 1 to $12We Have Everything for KodakOuting.Daugbcrtp BrosI will sell yon LAWN andbeen able to buy it.9 A few HAMMOCKSKODAKesxsasavMNj9yBsmBSMxssavavsMx7 TO OFFER YOU ONm i 'MM 71531 M Nlt'&m " ffP reSsanfcg . 4 7t-n .aisrgie-i) gill iWgrwIlp jjWm m andm $c? 'ylXy la II 111mE W ""i iiiiiir ii i.i. i,m tnji u.iu w,v.'-wr-SlniCome in mid Get Them.Wonderful Wf A IT "ff X A TXTT?y Reductions in f w jLAJjLJ Jl JIIlJl JDJaIJFuneral Directors and Embalm ers. Ambulance. Fumisratinor.TELEPHONES:. Day Phones, store, 36. Night an'd Sunday ThoneVW. O. Hiitfo.n, -fresidence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22: X B. Dempsy,"Home Thone 286.' '" "itI019I9IIReductions on All5 SummerNew Fall Ginghams, Flannelettes and Outings AwaitYour Inspection.Special ForSilk Hose ."PureRed Letter Day, Wednesday, July 26 5HC Stamps Free to every per-son entering our store.w.!IFee's CashFor This WeekWhite Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips. 12 1-2 per lb '"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5c wL' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can 5c 0"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, California Jpack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c w-"Purity Flour" 24-lb, sackonly- 65c J"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only :. 60c I8 bars Lenox Soap for 9Zf6 bars of Ivory Soap foeFresh Pies, CakesFEE'SLI HAVE SOMEPORCH FURNITURE cheaper than youleft at big cut in prices.7T.ifT.iyIGoodsThis Week". .39c1. . . ,.. . .25cand Bread daily.PRICESCarpets,MattinhaveeveritBIIaSpecials. !03STmiit-3irlft1-i&nid;VimI-M'"".irvi'-r4,?it i'.:isiiti;!'THE BOURBQN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY JULY 28, 1911.'I ITIIonIOIOI01BLUE URASS FAIR5 LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY6 Big Days and Nights 6U. S Marine Bandy Daily ConcertsAeroplane Flights Daily by J. A. D. McCurdy$3 000 ca!dILHorseJ. Greatest CnltSfmwinfhslVnrMTkree Otter Rich Saddle Horse StakesHigh-Class Runningand Harness Races Daily$25,000IN PREMIUMSBest of all American Horse ShowsSplendid Display of Every Classof Live StockU HERBERT A. KLINE CARNIVAL COMPANYFer Lalalagme or tHrtkcr fnTTBTT QUHTTQi? Q' I -: V-Lrfemttie, Address ww-a unvruu,, ucw j, -caiii5iuu, y.OE2J Fer CataleIraoiio:DeiTHEMillersburg Military InstitutThe Millersburg Militaty Institute is located in the heart of the BluGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hot water heat and electric lights. Athletigrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withobexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Keitucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year forboarctuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COt. C. M. BEST, PrincipalMillersburg, Bourbon County, Kentuckym mM66I Us Face to ?mand we will show you the nobbiest line of 15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3,50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes,High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.winBroBLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.OProfessional CardsJ J. WmLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 3 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.jffnnie LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.ugl6tfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsJBhrtcy thing neat andfcrbn always ready to wait on thejrd. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAl.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4, and 5, Ella's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyMartin Bros,,Livery Men9Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.OLflSSY RAGES BIGFEATURE OP FITROTTING AND PACING EVENTSWILL STIR BLOOD IN VEINSOF ALL HORSE LOVERS.0. Determatt,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:-See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.99 Main St . 'Phones 586.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - union,companies. tfNot content with an exceptionallygood racing card in the past, L. B.Shropshire, assistant secretary of theKentucky State Fair, has figured itout that a couple of added stakeswould about suit the popular tasteand he has suggested two trottingraces, one a 2:17 and the other a 2:20event. This suggestion met the approval of James L. Dent, member incharge.The early closing events, in whichthe entries closed June 1, include the2:15, 2:17, 2:20 and 2:25 classes inthe trotting, and the 2:14 and the 2:25classes in the pacing events. Thepurse in each of these events is 600.The additional Glasses include thefollowing offerings: Trotting 2:24,2:18 and 2:14 classes, purse 500 each.Pacing 2:25, 2:15 and free-for-allclasses, purse $500 each.Entries, for the class races willclose September 4, 1911. The program of races, distributed as they are,and calling for a grand total of $G,600in purses, should be sufficient to attract not only a bunch of horses whichwill furnish some excellent sport butalso an attendance of enthusiasts oneach of the five days.DATES WHEN ENTRIESFOR FAIR WILL CLOSESECRETARY SHY CALLS ATTEN-TION TO FACT THAT RULESWILL BE STRICTLY AD-HERED TO.Secretary Perry M. Shy, of the Kentucky State Fair Board, is anxious tohave the fact impressed on the mindsof prospective exhibitors that the finaldates fixed for the closing of entries inall departments will be strictly adhered to. "In this way only," said Secretary Shy, "can I treat every onealike. This I intend doing and it willbe necessary to refuse to receive entries after the dates set forth."In the Women's department, Field,Seed and Grain, and Poultry, which always are of great interest, it is urgedthat prospective contestants get inearly.The dates on which entries to thedifferent departments will close are asfollows:Women's Department, Saturday,September 2.Cattle, Monday, September 4.Field, Seed and Grain, Monday, September 4.Swine, Monday, September 4.Sheep, Monday, September 4.Poultry, Thursday, September 7.Horses, Thursday, September 7.Mules and Jacks, Thursday, September 7.Collie Dogs, Tuesday, September 5.Plants and Flowers, Monday, September 11.Horticultural, Monday, September11.Til Be There; Will You?"CATCHY SLOGAN FOR BOOSTINGOF STATE FAIR IS DECIDEDUPON.A slogan for the ninth KentuckyState Fair has been decided upon andit is expected to become a householdwTord before September 11 rollsaround. It is as follows:"I'll be there; will you?"The state fair management thinksthat all Kentuckians and southern Indianians should be "boosters" for theKentucky State Fair and this sloganis suggested as an appropriate one touse in that connection. It will be advertised extensively and the hopp isexpressed that it will be taken up andused generously.In using this slogan the person doing so suggests first that he or she isgoing to attend the fair and thus become a "booster." It then asks thequestion: "Will you?" In otherwords, it puts it up to the person "addressed to get busy and join in making the fair the greatest in the history of the south. Just as the greeting "H-owdy!" became a householdword in and around Louisville whenthe Mystic Shrine met in that city,so is the greeting, "I'll be there; willyou?" expected to become equallypopular the length and breadth of thestate.FINE FOR THE CANDIDATESBIG DAY DURING KENTUCKYSTATE FAIR SET ASIDE INTHEIR INTEREST.A Kentucky community without oneor more candidates, present or prospective, for a state or district ofiice,is a sad community indeed. In oldKentucky, according to tradition, children are taught political dogmas withthoir prayers. But add to the greathost of candidates for the more important offices the army of those seeking city, or county, positions and aforce will be brought together sufficient to drive both Madero and Diaz,with their followers out of the turbulent country of Mexico and into theseaThe decision, therefore, to have oneday of Kentucky Slate Fair week setaside to be known as Candidate's dayis certain to meet with vociferous approval and there need be no fear of aj record breaking crowd for the day onthat occasion.The Real Good FarmerMcCormick MowerThe Best in the World.till nil l fft' v4 nf rf MS III Vwfl im fv) Sc "Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Solves a Deep Mystery."1 want to thank you from the bottom of my heart," wrote C. B. Jlader,of Lewisburg, W. Va., "for the. wonderful double benefit I got from Electric Bitters, in curing me of both asevere case of stomach trouble andof rheumatism, from which I hadbeen an almost helpless sufferer forten years. It suited my case as thoughmade just for me." For dyspepsia,indigestion, jaundice and to rid thesystem of kidney poisons that causerheumatism, Electric Bitters has ncequal. Try them. Every bottle isbottle is guaranteed to satisfy. Only50c at Oberdorfer's.Good Old Joke.Perhaps it is time to print again theLondon fog story which once won aprize offered by a London paper: "Amerchant received a telephone message one morning from one of hisclerks. 'Hello, Mr. Smith,' said theclerk over the wire. T cannot comedown to the shop this morning on account of the fog. I have not yet arrived home yesterday.' "AttendTwin Bros.Big daleNow Going OnOld Soldier Tortured."For years I suffered unspeakabletorture from indigestion, constirationand liver trouble, "wrote A. K.Smith,a war veteran at Erie, Pa-, "but Dr.King's New Life Pills fixed me allright. They're simply great." Trythem for any stomach, liver or kidneytrouble. Only 25c at Oberdorfer'sTWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky.HatmmmmmmmHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Yarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-It snot made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It s made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged the&?59NL7 absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCKUOMNG is standard and tnkps ttm como inctironna a dnmetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amal-gamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy. 7AIYIALUAMA TED ROOFING CO., Chicago, I1L7Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Everybody Wants a Home IYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep put- Nting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.,We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior" Trim, such agoes Xo make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & Wf'q Company,Yard at Office,15th and Main Sts.IncorporatedHome Phone 12; E. T. 530PARIS, KV.THE BOURBON JINEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 28, l911.Gave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles," writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, from Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faintI could not walk at all, and I had an awful hurting in myside ; also a headache and a backache.I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so, I began, and the first bottlehelped me. By the time the third bottle was used, I coulddo ail my work. All the people around here said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me."For more than 50 years, Cardui has been relievingwoman's sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time, thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surprising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women.Cardui strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles.If you are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.Write too: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent tree. J 49for SpecialSTCtJDR.DOLLESFMQTITIITE where MEN ar8 cured.iRdlllUlE LET ME CURE YOU!riKEST EQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN INTHEUNITED STATESNOT MANY MILES TO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAY.FAMOUS FOB SO TEABS.Di&enlt Surgical Operations performedwith Ekill and success when eurgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGESOf amy Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Stay Cared.TOUNG 3IEX AXD AM ZffiEX, COME.13 1 f PC PEBJIASEXT CUKE, withoutIbsCiW the knife. One treatment cures.VJtDIPftPEI NO KNIFE. CnrcdlnfAniOUuELS. One Treatment.DflDTilBC Stricture, Etc. CnredITU" I WKEij LyImproedMothods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Boils, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesof the Kidneys. Kladder and ProstateOlaad, BheamatiBin,AerrouitTroable.ilVnDflPC! IT Cured in One Visit. NoHIUKUUCLu knife. So danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the "DollePlan'' of not one dollar to be paid unlessnred. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dolle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for G4 page Book Free, w Inch is worthits weight in gold to anyuiiscouraged man. BookBent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents inetamps for postage. I Bee and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdiseaEe fully to me so that I can write you jU6t"what is needed in your case.521 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.BLOODPOISONCured by the IvCarvel of ftheCentury, B. B. B. Tested for.30 years.Drives out blood xoison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure isocanicai jngreu-,ents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FttEK.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains.offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richi , . i i- K .J.. Icompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, heal-ing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worst jcase or oiooa poison, uruggi&ua jj. ujexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for houie cure. Samplessent free by wTrifcing Blcod Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe yoar troubleand free medical advue given.Sold by Varden & Son.jJH SPECIALIST! j11 5 iE3 ' SmiIL BEd iWALTERM -WOODNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binder has a world-widereputation. In every graingrowing: country under tneSunitissaidto.be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit -work. The features thatappeal most to its usersare: lightness of draft;handiness of operation;NOTMADE BYdurability of construetion; ability to do perfect work in any kindTRUSTof crain; accuracy andsure work of knottenabsence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who cave theworld its first successful binder, andnow ffive it itsgyS3,most successfulone a binder thatYBRKES & KENNEY.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.AnnouncementI have located in Paris 'for the purpose of conducting a generaliCofiitractingandBuiSdieig Business.i I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle your''buildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C HESTERDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office PhonesE. T 136.Home 136.j E. T. 334.( Home 334.Residence''Administrator's Notice.ill uciauuo Having .icwiuo agaiuau. f? . - M Bridget Cain, de-having claims against, ... . nronerlv Drov-ell auuuiuiui; iu itxm anu uicu viui tucundersigned administrator. Thoseknowing themselves indebted to ?saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,. ..3! n. - lntn tn irt 4ittri ttt i f n WirtAdministrator with the will annexed !of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more wort,better work, longer lifeana reaucea repair umswith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeAyou decide on wnicnbinder to ouy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"ThmBmstYetSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESTomato growers of Nicholas ieport that the dry weather iB playinghavoc with the crop. All of the growers are going over their fields and cutting off baskets full of tomatoes whichare affected with the dry rot. Nearlyall of the fruit is beginning to rot justhefore beginning to ripen, and the condition is attributed to the dry weather.Tobacco growers in some sections ofthat county say that the dry weatheris having a very bad effect on the cropand that unless good rains come soonthey fear that the plants will becomestunted and begin to button and bloomout prematturely. If this conditiontakes palace it will cut the crop veryshort.Epidemic oi Typhoid.Almost an epidemic of typhoid feverIs reported in the vicinity of Sharpsburg, Bath county. About eighteencases of the disease have been reported and every precaution is being takento guard against an epidemic.A Young Cynic.Tom They say that every womanis beautiful in someone's eyes. Doyou believe it? Jack Certainly ifyou include her own.Sounded That Way.Teacher What is a percolater, Bessie Bright? Pupil (after thinking) Aperson who promenades under a pergola! down the throat of a "srapey'chicken destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinkinjr waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhite diarrhoea and other chickItfafi diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every oo'iltry raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine on hand. Ask for free booklet on"Diseases of Fowls."For Sale by W. T. Brooks.cOaugMaster's-OFValuable City PropertyBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Wm. Myall, Adm'str &c - Plaktiffvs.Louise Myall &c - - - Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court, jtheundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, August 5tb, 1911,sell at public acution to the highestand best bidder on the premises atabout the hour of 11 o'clock a. in., upon credits of six and twelve monthsfor equal parts of the purchasemoney,the property described in said judgment and ordered to be sold in thisaction, to-wit: !Jfe&A house and lut located -m the cityof Paris, Ky., on Main street described as follows: Beginning on Mainstreet at a diision line of WilliamHinton and the lot heieby conveyed,thence with Main street about 60 feetto Twelfth street; thence with Twelfthstreet about 118 feet to a division linein the rear between the lot of 'saidHinton and this division line netween said Hinton's lot ;and the lothereby conveyed: thence with said division line of said Hinton to the beginning. Said property will be sold free 'fromthe dower right of the widow, MaryLou Smedley. The purchaser will berequired to execute bonds with approved surety for the purchase moneybearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum fromdate of sale until paid, payable to the undersignedMaster Commissioner, but the .purchaser may pay his bonds beforematurity if he so jdesires after , theconfirmation of the sale.RU3SELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.WASH THAT ITGH AWMIt is said that there are certaincprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin dfseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? "Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat tenible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, geiat least a 25-cent bottle today. We assure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.t incurudiC,THE ROAD TO BALTIMORE.It Was Over Floating Bridges In thOld, Old Days.The road to Baltimore is over thelowest of fjhree floating bridges -whichhave been thrown across the Schuylkill river in the neighborhood of Philadelphia. The view on passing thisriver, which is about 250 yards wide,is beautiful. The banks on each sideare high and for many miles above afford the most delightful situations ofvillas. A very elegant one, laid out inEnglish taste, is seen on passing theriver just above the bridge. Adjoiningto it are public gardens , and a houseof entertainment with several goodrooms, to which the citizens of Philadelphia resort in great numbers duringthe summer seasons.The floating bridges are formed oflarge trees, which are placed in thewater transversely and are chained together. Beams are then laid length-hways upon these and the whole boarded over to render the way convenientfor passengers. On each side there isa railing. When very heavy carriagesgo across these bridges they sink afew inches below the surface of thewater, but the passage is by no meansdangerous. They aie kept in an evendirection across the nver by means ofchains and anchors in different partsand are also strongly secured on bothshores. Over that part of the riverwhere the channel lies they are socontrived that a piece can be removedto allow vessels to" pass through.From "Travels Through the States ofNorth America." by Isaac Weld, Jr.,1795. fA TARIFF COMEDY.Spain Finally Won In the "Case of theScrew Propeller."Every British captain calling atSpanish ports is familiar with the"case of the screw propeller." Thestory is told for the beneiit of landsmen in Mr. G. H. B. Ward's "TheTruth About Spain:" "The steel screwof a cargo steamer which traded withBilbao and other northern ports wasdamaged beyond repair during a roughvoyage. The vessel was beached pending the arrival of a new propeller fromEngland."At last, when the steamer was aboutto sail, the captain was informed thathe had to pay a duty for puttingashore a manufactured article namely, the 'scrapped' or broken propeller.The captain protested and offered todrop it into the 'sea, but the officialswere obdurate. They seized the shipand demanded payment. The captaindeclined to ease the tension by thecustomary bribe and complained to theBritish foreign office."The duty was returned, but thecaptain was warned to be very carefulabout contraband, and for several voyages nothing occurred. Several monthslater some slight 'inaccuracy in theship's papers and the declaration ofcargo gave the excisemen their chance,and the vessel was not allowed toleave until a heavy fine, correspondingto the original propeller duty, waspaid."Mount Etna.Mount Etna is one of the great volcanoes of the earth. It is great in size,great in activity, great in beauty. Insize it would cover the entire metropolitan district of New York and thesurrounding counties. Its height' is11,000 feet above sea level. As to itspower, one of these eruptions somecenturies ago killed 80,000 people,which is probably more than Vesuviushas ever done in all its existence asa volcano, not excepting the greateruption of 79 A. D., which destroyedthe cities of Hcrculaneum and Pompeii. As to its beauty, this is alsovery difficult to describe. It is teemingwith life, animal and vegetable, and issnow covered one-half the year. Theother half it is bare to its very summitChristian Herald.The Gate to Tibet.Just outside Tachienlu is the stonebridge which i3 called "the gate to Tibet " Tachienlu is a narrow little citywhich had to conform Its shape to thecontour of the mountains -which shut itic. There is Imrdty a foot of levelground. -within the -walls. It is thegreat emporium o trade between Chinaand Tibet, "where the Chinese exchange tea for musk and gold dustMany red f rocked In mas are to be seenabout th? city, most of whom live inlarge lamasaries outside the -walls. Onthe flbt roofs of the houses flutter innur&erablb prayer flags, giving to thewinds ths universal Tibetan hymn ofpraise.Berlin's Bip Restaurant.Trr-acim a restaurant costing $10,GOD.rXK). The Itheir.gold, in Berlin, accommodates more than 4,000 personsat ono time, giving employment to1.G0O persons, of whom eighty-five arecooks. At this place it is possible toget a good dinner for 30 cents and atany price from that up. Chicago Post.Ho Was Polite.HotrThe great trouble with Gabbleigh is he talks too much. SheThat's strange. When he's been withme he's scarcely said a word. HeOh, he's too much of a gentleman tointerrupt. Boston Transcript.A Sad Prospect."Thry say there's no fool like an oldfool.""That makes me shudder for the future. I've already been all the otherkinds." Kansas City Journal.Men who are so afraid of doing foolish things that they lack thecourageto attempt wise ones will never domuch.FREE FOR STOMACH AND BOWELSWe are in receipt of letters fromMrs. Eva Gaskins, 304 Madison St.,Topeka, Kan., and Mr. P. H. Gavellas, Wagoner, Okla., as well as manyothers, telling about the wonderful results they have secured in the cure oftheir stomach and liver troubles bythe use of Dr.. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. This remedy, as all readers doubtless know, has been before the publicfor a generation and is now beingmore extensively used than any otherremedy for stomach, liver and bowelcomplaints. According to reliable testimony, it seems to be a very quickand lasting cure for constipation, indigestion and dyspepsia, liver trouble,biliousness, headaches, sour stomach, gas on the stomach, drowsinessafter eating and similar disorders. Itis a liquid with tonic effect, and soProtected Against Poison.Mithridates, great ruler of Pontus,gradually hardened himself againstevery known poison by taking tinydoses; that no poison could catch himnapping.Saves two Lives."Neither my sister nor myself mightbe living today, if it had not been forDr. King's New Discovery, "writes A.D. McDonald, of Fayetteville, N. C,R. P. D. No. 8, "for we both hadfrightful coughs that no other remedy I a Maryland woman, having hollow, percould helD. We were told mv sister I forated teeth and a reservoir on thhad consumption. She was veryweak and had night sweats but yourw mderful medicine completely curedus both. It's the best I ever used orhord of." For sore lungs, coughs,colds, hemorrhage, lagrippe, asthma,hay fever,croup, whooping cough, allbronchial troubles, its supreme. Trialbottle free. 50c and 1. Guaranteedby Oberdoefer.Margolen's.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Paris, Ky.IQHPYOV-mmna ana1Margolen,BloodineIMpI PEOPLE DELICATE WOMEN. I AVj? 1 AND TENDER BOVSAND I plittt.trfUDNEY.UVEXtWBUD' l; MI DERDBZAJEi CATARRH. u4 I l! f Jti AITHUA. WraJMATBH.iIiy, kTjJl COOT. LA GRIPPE. CON'Si 1 MfVm CONSTIPATION. HEARTlWI fWAft DBSAJE. MALARIA. ijt'Ji JJjf NERVOUS DEBnjTY.fJfc "I fZk Jims'y. THE BLOODINE QLUM 11yioj iiunT"" "'M MM'-if J IiWFi ml rflim ll ii"I"i i Jw J rrc1 Pvlmild and gentle in action that a childas well as a grown person can take it,in fact, it has no equal for cjiildrerwomen and old people.It arouses the flow of gastric juice,and by a peculiar action trains tkestomach and bowel muscles to againdo their work naturally, and in timemedicines of all kinds can be dispensed with. A free sample bottlecan be had for trial by sending youraddress to the doctor, for in thisway Mrs. Gaskinds, Mr. Gavellas andmany others first learned of the cureLater, when satisfied it is the remedyyou need, do as others are doing andbuy it of your druggist at fifty centsand one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address Dr. Vf.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, 111. vA Mystification."I don't see why these classicdances are so fashionable," said thesociety editor. "They are very artistic." "Perhaps. But there is so little chance ,to describe what the people who give them wear."Improved lype of Comb.Tonics may be applied as the hair i&ybeing combed by a comb invented byback.T"'P-..ir.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our pres-ten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Bloodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures a,Cough, Croup, "Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and 81.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen, Gaffney. S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.i'CfrJJVeTKnow.-BLOODINE-Wffl HelpYouTo Regain Your Stnoftfk-and Energy.'jReport of the Hem.4 Phytic! inx a Loading NawYorfc Hospital "$ on the Curo o! Cittrrh ."A few years ago we considered tHit;we were doing well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, bub since the introduction of"Bloodine" into our hospital we curmore than 90 per cent, of all the caseofCatarrhin its various forms broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrhof. the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladderand TJretha, Catarrh of the large htestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PeliioCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andrCatarrh of the Stomach are quicklycured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new life,new blood and strength to any part ox.the body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine Is a powerful tonio, nourishing food medicine, composed of(valuable tonic stimulants obtained(from vegetable drugs. "Bloodine".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden paintemporarily, but give no permanenti; relief or cure the cause of your disease.: "Bloodine is a powerful body builder: and blood maker; it is the beat remedy'known to the medical profassion toenrich thin, watery blooa and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body..' FREE . To prove the wondtrfolmerits of BLOODINE we will mail &large sample bottle for 10 cents fa uVver or stamps for postage.jp'&Jj W TrA Kr"f -,.J1Address, Tkb Bloodine Cobpobjltion, Boston, MiMWIT. Biooks, Acent!.nak ut. H1'iri i$iwf1H-iu-i1 ?I'iirfH'.mipi "ilriwhiiJ.i-?jilirit.:iM.H;:1 1'xMltitit'HOtinimy "M -iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 28, 1911.m1!1Parks' Hill,August 3-13.v.ATTENDyDeath in Roaring Fire.may not result from the work of firebugs, but often severe burns arecaused that make a quick need forBucklen's Arnica Salve, the quickest,surest cure for burns, wounds, bruisesboils, sores. It subdues inflammation.It kills pain. It soothes and heals.Drives off skin eruptions, ulcers orpiles. Only 25c at Oberdorfer'sThe First Postoffice.Postoffices were first established in1454.iig CK.Jk.1MAT THE&XDEPARTMSTOREDLIt Is Still Going OnjOur Entire Stock of Summer Shoes marked downfor quick selling : : :All the best Walk-Overstyles in Oxfords at cutprices :::::IOur GreatKicixt? aMark-Do wnIs Nearing an EndMILLERSBURG ITEMS.We broke all records in. 'Shoe selling last week, and nowonder, when the best Shoes are sole at less than cost ofmanufacture. Never in the history of Paris have Shoesbeen sold ai such remarkably low prices.To be sure of a clean sweep, we have arranged our stock, marking down our entire line ofSummer Shoes at less than cost.For To-morrow, Saturday,And as many days as the lots will last, we have added somespecial bargain lots at one-half the price their actual value.DAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Eledric Sign.Come to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is onand save the difference.Come no w while the rangeof sizes is still good andthe styles of the best.jMr. M. H. Current is not so well.Miss Mary Taylor visited friends inLexington Tuesday and Wednesday.Mrs. Mollie Gray left yesterday fora visit to relatives at Elsvood, Ohio.The friends of Mr. T. D. Judy willregret to learn that he is not so well.Mrs. S. B. Turner left Thursday fora few days' visit to Mt. Sterling andis attending the fair.Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson does not improve, and Miss Ada Richie, a trainednurse, is attending her.Mr. W. C. Dodson, of Paris, was atthe bedside of his mother, Mrs. Elizabeath Dodson Wednesday.Miss Mary Burns Parker, of Maysville, arrived Wednesday as the guestof Miss Levina Reynolds.Messrs. Alex Miller and AllenI Ingles attended the Fair dance at Mt.I Sterling Wednesday evening.Messrs. E. P. Clark, J. S. Clark, J.C. Laysun and M. P. Wells will returnfrom Swango Springs Saturday.Mrs. Emma Long left Thursday fora few weeks' visit to friends inGeorgetown and to attend the fair.President C .C. Fisher, of the M. F.C was in Lexington and Nicholasvilleihursday in the interest of the college. Mr. Denis McMahan and littledaughter, Mary Louise, are spending aweek with her sister, Mrs. Dalzel, atLexington.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Collier and littlegrandson, James Collier, left yesterday for a few days visit to Mr. andMrs. Frank Collier at Paris.' Mesdames U. S. G. Pepper, 0. M.Johnson and Miss Belle T. Judy werein Paris yesterday inspecting thefrescoing of the Baptist church at thatplace.Elder P. F. King, who has been inCarlisle since the burial of his wife,was the guest of Dr. W. V. HuffmanWednesday, leaving Thursday for hishome in Glasgow.I will sell on August 5 at about thehour of 2 p. m. four building lots beginning at the corner of Trigg andSecond street. Lots are 50 by 200 feet.25 At MRS. RUSSELL MITCHELL.Epidemic of TyphoidAlmost an epidemic of typhoid 'feveris reported in the vicinity of Sharpsburg, Bath county. About eighteencases of the disease have been reported and every precaution is being takento guard against an epidemic.Llrfilt to Confidence.A man shouldn't have so much confidence in himself that he hasn't anyleft for the rest of the world. Atchison Globe.Phillips Elected Secretary.A meeting of the Democratic Campaign Committee was held in Lexington Monday night, Chairman R. H.Vansant presiding. Others presentwere Vice Chairman J. A. Sullivan,Edward J. McDermott, candidate forLieutenant , Govrenor, and SenatorMcCreary. The committee electedRobert Phillips, of Elizabethtown,Secretary of the Campaign Committee. It was decidpd to open headquarters at once at Louisville, and toconduct a whirlwind campaign fromnow on till November.9Jf aster s SaleOFReal Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.W. A. Gaines & Co., - - PlaintiffsThe Program For the Assembly Meeting on the abovedates is full of good thingsfrom beginning to close.vs,H-nry ClayDefendant.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will enSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis. Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., sellthe prope t described in the judgment and ordered to be sold in thisaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaintifiV judgment and costs beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit ofsix months, to-wit:A certain house and parcel of groundon the waters of Hinkston creek in thetown of Shippsville, Bourbcn ; county,Ky., particularly described as follows:Beginning at a stone corner to LewisPeters, running with the road 22 1-2yard3 to a stone on the same side ofthe road. thence west 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thenceS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters7 corner;thence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interestat the rate of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, payable to theundersigned Master Commissioner.Said S3le will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amountingon the aay of sale to $86.45, and costsof this action, including the costs ofsale amounting to the sura of $22.25,amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $108.70.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.FINE MUSICHungarian Orchestra seven pieces.Good LecturesEntertaining and instructive Cartoonist. First-class of high order of MovingPictures.Miss Grace Parlett to entertain andrinstruct the children.Train service during V6ek fromParis just right to get full benefits,each afternoon and night at specialrates.Cottages can be engaged by writ"ing toI. B. ROSS, Secretary,Carlise, Ky.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Nume ReadnourYou are wanted at your home, Mt.Zion, Ky. Your father is at point ofdeath.25 2t CLEM READNOUR.LOST DOG.Red Irish terrier bitch. TAnswers toname of "Nellie." Finder return toNews office and get reward. 25 2tSale Ends Sat cirdai)Night July 29atiTsrajBgifriTTi-jiii ni nlTHBFnHMFM " TTBBMIEverything at Greatly ReducedPricesBuy Now and Save Money.iu tin un nu mi !.n iih bh mi n i;n aa -uji -tin ira hh m uBennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,, - - KENTUCKYOur I irip ni Stpr1inr Sillver is Very Complete. Ia mm i ii7i ii kiii ; 1 1 1 - wI wedding gifts.I REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give ' you anythingrrom a tea-spoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.ft 11V V .m IheHouse nf niia,VI Both Phones. ftIk1N.Jfc)-cf -