,v.T- t2lLPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ERIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1911.NUMBER 29THE BOURBON NEWS.1Insure with Y. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfSeed SweetFotatoeGenuineStrausburg,Red Bermuda,Southern Queen.Order Quick, as They WillNot Last Long.ii-aa nH mi mi nn un hji -iI The Necessary1 Accessories For TheI SPRINGTOILETI Charming Novelties inJ Neckwear.I Unique Collars of Lacej and Embroidery.j J Soft Stock.Latest Embroidered andLace Jabots.New Shetland Veils.Logan Howard.A. M. CADEN,210 W. Main,Lexington, Kentucky.un-iin un mi-.iigitoasas&susMrr.jr-jr.j''"-'''" - .Your Money Back!If My Goods Fail to Please. W: WStandard Granulated Sugar, 20 pounds $1.00 fyPure Hog Lard, per pound 12 ijff3-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25 fyIndianola Corn, 2 cans 15Baby Bunton Corn, 2 cans 25 wMatches, 3 boxes .10 wArgo Starch. 3 boxes 10 flArbuckle Coffee, per pound 23 fjfcOld Reliable Coffee, per pound 28 fjfoMackerel Fish, large size, 2 for. 15oa.Il Let; oyiup, .s-jjuuiju tauo, v-o.no --Lenox- Soap, 8 bars 25Ja vv "Rp.ans. 3 ciuarts 2oRolled Oats, 2 boxes 15 fyPrunes, per pond 10 'fCream Cheese, per pound 20 sWhite Karo Syrup, quart can 10 Jj'White Karo Syrup, half-gallon can 20 WWhite Karo Syrup, gallon can 40 fAsparagus, per can 25 yffAsparagus Tips, per can -5California Table Peaches, 2 cans 355-Tie Brooms 35 W4-Tie Brooms : 25 W4-Tie Brooms 20 VCoal Oil, per gallon ' 10 fiTHE FLOUR OF QUALITY WBlu3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30 (fyBlue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55 WThe Grocery Store of Quality. (T. O. LEN1MAIN, Prop. WBoth Phones 234 $1 '& ltt 7The Easter Sauntermwz&" pT'HE RIGHT things and the BRIGHT thingsjo W8&I . . "" ti ,, ,,, .r .fnnVvri zIPE-m. wpjir (rarnprpn Trom a I auuitui5 ui laauiuw-fcasfekeen merchandising men.4 'High-Art" Spring Suits that are London-likein cut, cloth and contour. Full-chested, lapelrolled and free-skirted. A wee bit British, butnot a bit foppish $20 tf $35.Other ' 'High-Art' ' models a-plenty for men,whose taste has stayed staid. All of them allwool all through. All of them radiating ea.se andelegance and possessing the "smack" of the"crack" tailor.X-tra Good Suit for Boys Prom$2.50 to $10.00The latest Novelties in Hats,JNeckwearand Shirts for EasterJWear.mWSkmmvmPrice &!vKxvfkmxm$&&Clothiers.mmSocieiy Couple Figure in Sensation.Societv in Montecito. adjoiningSanta Barbara, Cal., is all astir oversensational developments leading to atentative separation of a former Parir,Kentucky, woman and her husband.The woman in question is Mrs. WilliamMiller Graham, who was formerlyMiss Birdie Pollock, of this city.Not only has this sensation produceda state of chaos in Santa Barbara, butthe other side of the world is listeningto it with a great deal of interest.Mrs. Graham, the wife of a multi-millionaireoil magnate, four years agomade her bow in the social circles ofParis and London. Meeting with muchsuccess she won her way to the English court where she was presented tothe King. The campaign was perhapsthe most brilliant ever conducted byan American against the society of theold world.Thpre appeared on the scene theperson of Lord Lansdown who became very attentive to Mrs. Graham.At about the same time a dashingwidow by the name of Mrs. LouiseTimson, vivacious and beautiful. William Brownell, of Santa Barbara, wasa regular patron of the Graham solon.Mr. Graham urged continuance of thecampaign of his wife; money was noobject. Mrs. Graham then moved toLondon and with her went Brownelland Mrs. Timson, and backed by theLord Lansdown continued her triumphant march.Wearing her laurels modestly Mrs.Graham returned to America andSanta Barbara. Brownell returning ashort time after. Mrs. Timson, thedashing young widow followed andlivened the society of Santa Barbarawith her presence. The urgent needof money prompted Mis. 'limson tosolicit a loan of eight thousand dollarsfrom Brownell, and acceding to thedemand made upon his purse responded readily. Mr. Graham, whof spentthe greater part of his time in NewYork, found it convenient to sta inSanta Barbara without injuring hishusiness, and was frequently ifh thecompany of Mrs. Timson.A few months ago Brownell andGraham met at a club and exchangedblows. The story goes that Brownelaccused Graham of something the latter resented, and at this point darkclouds began to gather. Brownellentered suit against Mrs. Timson foreiht thousand dollars and lhe latterfiled a counter suit to retain a certainarticle which was claimed she bought.Mrs. Graham, at this juncture,showed her hand and making use ofthe rumors emanating from Montecito,forced her husband to sign over to herproperty valued at a million and a halfdollars. Mrs. Graham is now in bantaBarbara while her husband is in NewYork. "The estrangement has created quitea sensation in society of London andParis and Santa Barbara, and gossip isrampant as to the ultimate result, asseveral foreign letters and long cablegrams have been received by Mrs.Graham."Corylopsis."We have just received a full line ofthe "Corylopsis" toilet articles. Comeand get samples.VARDEN & SON, Sole Agents.Good Attraction at the Grand.Good shows are coming to the Grandin plenty and the patrons of the popular play house are rapidly tcoming tothe realization that the managementis'putting forward the very beat attractions on the vaudeville stage. Latnight was presented one of the strongest bills ever seen on the local stage.Cole &. Cole in a nonsensical musicalact carried away the audience. Acleer tight wire act and two reels otmotion pcitures completed a bill ofmerit. Tonight will he the last appearance of thes3 two excellent'acts inthis city as the midweek change wiloccur tomorrow ninht.r"We Know How."ONCE MORESpring 0enGfc-v X? '''eVS iJrVrX- s&k $fcX ftS Wsatimffiijfiffi. &Hla3gift$i&ftS&3P.'!imRzmWITH it we herald for you our fresh newstyles to go with the season. Youthink of clothes with the Spring and yourbest interests must turn your mind towardour storemj$t.jiffIn this you are wise, for in our large stockof Spring styles there is no belter clothesvalue in the world.Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.ISeed Sweet Potatoes.Strausburg, Bermuda, Brazil andSouthern Queen. Phone us jour order.Phonees 586.LINK GROCERY CO.,14 2t 138 Eighth street.mmmmmmmmtm mamwm $siuimiiimimii; iiiiiiiininMiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiJiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiininiiiiifiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriFRANK & CO. .. jThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.fIi5SBm&LJ5mmmimitm!mztmK3$mTmBourbon Crop Conditions.Farm work held in check by altogether unfavorable conditions, compares very favorable with one yearagbut the existing conditions does notdiscourage the farmer.While the farmer has been waitingfor settled weather Jn order to resumeplowing, he has watched with an airof confidence and with a smile of greatsatisfaction the budding of new life asdaily evidenced by growing vegetation.Wheat and rye fields are showing aluxurious growth and pastures andmeadows are greening up rapidly.The former is the chief leliance ofthe firmers.as its rapid growth meanspasture for his live stock and the corresponding saving that will jesul tfrom a discontinuance of dry feed andthe additional promise as indicated ofabountiful yield of Blue Grass seedwhich in the local market, for cureddelivery in August, has sold for $1 perbushel.With the view of getting, better results farmers are testing seed cornand investigations are already in progress that will, it is believed, solvethe feed question by the building ofsilos for the storing away of use inwintry weather of a form of succulentfeed that will he far more valuable asa feed product lor fattening ot livestock and at a much cheaper price.Rewards to be offered for the bestresults obtainable in corn growing contests will, it is believed, bring to theattention of Bourbon farmers in aDractical way the value of manuresand fertilisers that will result withina few years of the rehabilitation ofmany worn out fields scatteredthroughout the county and an era ofgreater farm development and greaterfarm returns.r vfu"oa'r5skWTI TiS"- XiJNow Showing aSplendid Line ofHigh-Gradeand Popular-PricedHATSFor Ladies, Misses andChildren..:JL JiM nii! m Li nlMMA CompleteStock ofLadies' and MissesWoolenSuits, Dresses,Coats, Skirts,Silk and Wash Dresses,Silk and Wash Waists,Evening Capes and Coats.9 5ii tint m iYour Trade Solicited.FRANK & CO.EHRiimuuntiiH wmHHU.r.i:iimmn iihhihui HiiiiiiniiiinniiiHHHriiHOHMUMiuiimmutuuiiimiitiiwMW$$$lllKlSiilifi9fliiiMEn:iiiWmSmWwMmwmtm:ZtgiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 18, 1911.kg UsV. Irey twiWE SELL gAT RIGHT PRICES iLUMBER, LATHS, WSHINGLES, POSTS, WSSSHES, DOORS, WBLINDS, HRRD HND (XSOFT COAL,AGENTS FOR 3Amatite BRoofing.i n s? 7r S a-JITHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erNTER HANGSON gAND YOUR COMFORT HANGS ON gYOUR COAL BINS- JIf the supply rims short we stand ready to supply (jthe deficiency. HTEMPUN LUMBER CO.ffSSdiSSXSSSSSiSSK ISSfiiXSsSXXSSXXEntered at the Pari3, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in. J 88 J Z9 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 1.00 per men for first time; oOcents per incheacn suosequeno liiseiuiuii, ie uiug iiuwuca, xw v.v.w v,. .io ,reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$-.00 I SIX MONTHS. Payable in" Advance$1.00SPORIfi NEWS LETTEA Treat For All Classes WhoSmoke.VAn Idol Cigar in hismoutli forhis own delectation, a few inhis pj'cifc for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, all ye whoare fond of a goodsmoko, tothe cigar and tobacco empori-whose doorum,isthe sign aboveThe Crystal Ice CreamParlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.By C. H. ZUBEK.Over in Paris thay have the peculiaridea that white men should not battereach other up in the prize rh:g. andthat this sort of thing should be limited to the sable exponents of the art ofself defense. Consequently, lights between colored men are better patronized than are the scraps of the whitepugilists. Joe Jeannette and Sam McVey, two of the best of black American scrappers, have already acquiredfortunes by their series of battles atthe French capital, and Sam Langford,the "Boston Tar Baby." is over therenow to get his share of the shekels.Whilp .Tnhnsnn isn't doinc anv talkinefnr nnhiiVation behind the Drison walls will be invisible to the United States,of San Francisco, where a penchant but visible to Asia, Philippine Inlands,for speeding his auto landed him. it t is Australia, the Northern pare of Newunid that -s snon as he sets out he'll Zeland and on the Pacific ocean.also hie to Paris for some of the easymunej. Meuiiwuue, cue ,iuc ia e.-ting better for white lighters in i way oiaoieAmerica, indicating a more liberal ,snirit on the Dart cf city officials ieverywhere.Eclipse.The people of Paris and Bourboncounty will have the rare chance towitness a total eclipse cf the sun during1 this month, the phenomena comingon the 28th, and will be visible frohithree to six o'clock in the afternoon.The southern, sutheastern and southwestern states will come in for a directview, but the northern section of thiscountry will be excluded. Local astronomers are preparing for a treatwhile Old Sol is thus shaded. Theeclipse will also be visible to Mexico,Central America, the western portionoft he West Indies the eastern half ofAustralia, New Zeland and the Pacificocean, the path of totality extendingfrom Aukland, Australia, across thePacific ocean almost to CentrralAmerica. An annular eclips of thesun will occur on October 2. whichPatriotismThe stomach is a larger factor in " life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness" than most people are aware. Patriotismcan withstand hunger but not dyspepsia. The confirmed dyspeptic "is fit for treason, stratagems and spoils." The manwho goes to the front for his country with a weak stomachwill be a weak, soldier and a fault finder.A sound stomach makes for good citizenship as well as forhealth and happiness.Diseases of the stomach and other organs of digestion andnutrition are promptly and permanently cured by the use ofDr. PJERGES GOLDEN MEDIGTiL DISCOVERY.St builds up the body with sound flesh andsolid muscle.The dealer who offers a substitute for the "Discovery" isonly seeking to make the little more profit realized on thesale of less meritorious preparations.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser is sent freeon receipt of stamps to pay expense of mailing only. Send21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered book, or 31 stampsfor the cloth bound. Address World's Dispensary MedicalAssociation, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.GEO. W DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7; NIGHT 299.E5203i)0Shippedville.to Louis-Clay Brothers. 6f Bourbon haveshipped their racing string to Louis-r, , , .,, r . ' ville, where the imposing bunch ofKentucky will see most of the racing , rova, b d horses is now gathered at'SssbissmsstamtssWere you dissatisfied with yourlastCoal. TryH -rS5iSPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATI AND RETURN3daf5Aprii9-h and 23rdU3 E o(tiP fe37CTXL,g Round I3 Trip r1m I1 Leavesi ask tc;.! TC?r-T:y:lwSrjHaPliMiaillilll 1-2v!RoundTripE5SPECIAL TRAINLEXENCTON 7:25T AGENTSa.mICULARS.Workiiio: in the Garden5.uJfc .- i f.-f&j&f" &rh eeirV. irf&&3 iJ xv IaMtlVW'- Ml TV 11 " I III Iis a real pleasure if you i avethe right tools. We have acomplete Hue of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get ans'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.in the United States during tne present summer. The season, which opensnext week, will includfi dates at Lexington, Louisville and Latonia, and isI expected to bring out a better class ofhorses than has been seen on the Kentucky tracks in many years. This isdue to the fact that the owners haveno other places to race them except onthe Canadian circuits, and thsse willbe too cold ior a month or six weeksto make the sport really attractive.Taken in all. however, there will beless racirg in the United Statesthis season, both on the running andthe harness tracks, than in many previous years.Versailles Without a Hotel.The Oneal House closed its doors tothe. public Monday evening and for thefirst time within our recollection Versailles is without a hotel, says thet Wn.odford Suni J. B. Wakefipld. who has been manaI ger of 1 he Oneal House since 1U0S hasdecided to qit the hctel business anawill locate near Shrsvepon, La.,wnerehe has rented a plantation. Mr. Wakefield is now in the South and Mrs.Wakefield and their children will jointhem there snon. They expect to leaveVerasilles this week.The controlling interest in the hotelproperty is owned by Mrs. Mary Evans.M. J. Hughes, brother of Mrs. Evansand also her agent, said that the hotelwould be rented or sold at once, eitherprivately or publicly.UnresGcnabic."Come along to Led. Etnel. I'm sureyou wouldn't like to keep the Lord uyall night, just to listen to you."Douglas Park. The star of the stringis Ocean Bound, conceded to be theyreatest four-year-old filly now intraining After two years old shewon the Astoria. Spinaway. Vernali and Criterion Stakes, and last seasonshe won eight races, including the La' Ladies' and Swift Stakes. Her mile in (p1 :37 2-5 is the track record at Sara-! i?toga, and in the Swift Stakes, whenshe ran seven furlongs in 1 :25 4-3, she( beat the noted colt Dalmatian' Ocean Bound has wintered splendidly'and has grown some, as well as spread, out a lot since last season. She has; had a long let-up. not having beent seen under colors since she won theCriterion Stakes at Latonia last1 tall. She will be herstable's standardbearer in the rich Clark Handicap inLouisville this spring, and is sure to'give, an excellent account of herselfin that big race. Clay Brothers have1 some nice youngsters, and the stableis, allaround, most promising this season.! MyrSssBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Oodson & DentonPARIS, KY.QxQSh'iSQcZ1gMcCreary Puts Up Fee.Former Senator James B. McCreary.Democratic candidate for the nominat on for Goveinor of Kentucky, in theprimary elpction to be held July 1'under the primary election laws of theState of Kentucky, to day depositedwith J. Horton Fitch, treasurer of theDemocratic State Executive Committee, his assessment or entrance fee asa candidate for the Democratic nomination for Gorernor.LOWRY & TALBOTTIParis, Zet-u.o,v .2 - - ---.- -.g'gg-".S'VK ,,,"r!V'"f'?r;?LTvNovel Court Decision.Damages cannot be recovered by theadministrator or the children of a manwho dies from the result of drinkingwhishey, notwithstanding the whiskeyis sold in local option territory or theman who dies is an inebriatp, unlessj notice is given to persons selling whisky of the man s inebnacy.This law was construed for the firsttime anywhere in this kind of a caseWednesday wher the Court of Appealsaffirmed the judgment ot the Mercer 1Circuit Court in the case of Fred Britton's administrator. Hubert Brittonand Marshall Britton against H. E.Samuels. It is alleged that Samuelsin February 1909, had furnished FredBritton with spirituous liquors and admixtures thereof which he drank andfrom the effects of which he died, itwas claimed.The Princ:p! Thing.Bobby (to Auntie, an energetic suffragette) I s'po'se. auntie, the firstthing you'll do when you get to votewill be to put a tax on us bachelors?Chas. .8. Brent & BroField Seeds,Caldwell's Boone County WhiteSeed Corn,Field Seed and Oats,Dr. Haas' Hog Cholera Remedy. ,Salt. !HA$. Su BRENT BRO.Both 'Phones 14.PAR3S,KENTUCKY.Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props,Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.Physicians Meet in .Versailles.B etween forty and fcrty-five doctorswere in Versailles Thursday to attendthe ixty -first quarterly meeting of'the iKentucky Midland lviedical Society.Dr. W. C. McCauley, of Versailles, i3president of the association. Amongthose who tock part in the programare Dr. R. H Davis, Dr. H. E. Tuleyand Dr. Louis Frank, of Louisville;Doctors E. B. Bradley , M. S. Davis,D. W. Barrow and C. C. Gurr, of Lexington ; Dr. C. G. Daugherty, of Paris,and Dr. F. M. Beard, of Shelbyville.The visiting physicians were entertained at dinner at the Y. M. C. A.building, the dinner being served bythe ladies of the Civic League.A Whiff of Our Coffee"i( v Cpi iW v'Pf' KH' r!iH iL'lB Js lr vHMIIIIIKHfeHHHL,-iHHH vLtA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,The Back-Boneof the Shoeis the inner sole ; the outer sole is the shoe's life.The Stetson is good all the way through from inner sole to outer sole a high grade shoe for highgrade men.The Dickey is a snappy Stetson creationan exclusive shoe for particular men. It is a high toeshoe, but not extreme.Come in and let us give youfreedom from fretting feet andnerve worry by fitting you with 'a shoe that combines comfortwith style. One pair will make-you a Stetson booster for life.Mitchell & Blaktmon.riniASfHH.Rlif "4kA JreS; i!jf jlk;yW-gBaJ---l.-" jBPBtV xi Bwill tell you it is certainly offine aroma. And a cup of it inthe morning will prove that ittastes even better thaa it smells.Rich,, golden brown in color,with plenty of body, but nobitter taste, it is a coffee fit fora king. Be good to yourselfand try a pound.BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto. cs, Corner Seventh and Main and South Main" -------------------East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and .LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tenuessee. Bour-bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Littler Rock andRuddles Mills."Whenyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 'The East Tennessee Telephone CJojParis, Kentucky.Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year:.' ?.INCORPORATED,t.rfx 1 fWjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 18, 1911..BLACK HAWKOOEN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROP!Light Draft, Simple Construction.k8A CIPHERTELEGRAMBy F. A. M1TCHELCopyright by American Press Association, 1911.Wur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill, but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak soil, in comparisonwith deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child o do a man's work. This is alreasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history' to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill withoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or 17 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart, without stopping the team.Hand Drop Attachment with each Planter, has Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rowr. and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.ei ernes neimevParis, KentuckvHornby was but twenty-two whenhe was made secretary of the American legation at Berlin.Hornby was very popular in society, though, not having a fortune, hewas rather sought by married womencoveting attention than young girlsangling for a husband. Among thesewives who interested themselves inthe young diplomat was Mme. Berthalow, the wife of a Parisian financier. At that time the world wasstirred by the Morocco affair, and itwas feared there would be a war between France and Germany. M. Berthalow was in Berlin endeavoring tosecure the first news in case the emperor decided to go to war for speculative purposes.One evening at a court ball Mme.Berthalow. seeing Hornby pass her,called him to her on some pretext andlater, while hanging on his arm, saidto him:"Mr. Hornby, do you think there willbe warV""I don't think about such things.""I am sure if war is declared youwill know it before it is made public." "Why do you tliiuk that?""Because I have been told that before going to war the emperor mustknow how the other powers will act,and your government is now one of-the powers. The American ministerwill bo able to judge if there is to bewar and will inform his government."What he knows you know."Hornby smiled without making anyreply. The lady spoke of other matter's and finally said:"I presume all important dispatchesare in cipher.""They are.""What is the word for 'war' in yourcipher code?""Oh. it wouldn't do for me to tellyou that.""Please tell me that one word. I'llnot divulge it.""Well, on your promise, I'll tell you.It is 'woman.' " j"Good gracious! Why was thatword ohosen?""I don't know. I didn't make thecode.""And what is the word for 'peace?' "" 'Man.' " ,"Upon my word! I should have supposed those two words would havebeon reversed." !"Perhaps that's the reason of their ,use as they are. They are not so5$ V I ensilv deciphered."ysjzmmmrmtrxxfr-1 mm inii i1iSESs:&1 &6 1M $I I I fti A M Ai AnnSK;cvt?r,.iwaqrfiKrag xBtmMBk -ucmMmimmMwwmSHIRLEY IESIDENT SUSPENDERSPIv r.tztssirv to yotrr co-nfori for dress wear. burA-:' s. cz hird work. After .- few days' wear youx.' ' V'npri?r rjhviii-...y you ever wo:s the ordinary1 cccw-rtliorjjV;...2 ia three vJ;j to zviltrJ i: rxtia lengths lor (al mtn.ooid 'ay voitr.dealrrs or from faclorv at 5Qc.This shows the S!id!.j; Can. S"Ttil (incrarzJec on f -rj- pn:rdent Suspender.; :. 2 ao,. .0- filiLs -" J-LtCssaV.. jI. .j1- n, K,J.fortb!c and durable - 53 MAIN 5 1'REIsT. SrilfcU? V, flASS.jreg2?rg-V3S!5SZ2a&8 ltt&aar(TOFEiTOCK, FIXTURES, ETG.3 viwvnHaving located in Lexington, I will sell, onTUESDAY, APRIL. IS, 1911,at 10 o'clock, a m., at my lato place of business, in Claysville, mv store-room,tock of groceries and fixtures.Lot is 50x90 feet and building has two rooms 1Sx32 feet each.The fixtures consist of a new cash register, scales, show cases, refrigerator. I will also sells 2 sets of harness, 1 spring wKgon, a set of garden tools andother things too numerous to mention.This is a splendid stand for business and will make a. good investment forany one.TERMS Made known on day of sale.FRANK JONES.For further information apply to Harris & Speakes, Real Estate Dealers,Paris, Ky.George D. Speakes, Auctioneer.rmluargoien s.Fresh CaughtPishThis Week.Margolen,LParis, Ky.Jlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactioniruaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenu. Pho e 669Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Gee. Alexander $ Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance againsfc Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage .solicited. .-w MSSMrIwaU-'UJProfessional CardsJ J. AVIIiLTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.down the throat of a "capey"chicken destroys the wormsand .saves the chick's life. Afew drops in the drinkinj: waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwhin diarrhoea 2nd other chick'Xf diseases.One 50c Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons of Medicine.Every porli-v raiser should keep a bottle ofthis medicine n hand. A:U. for free booklet on"Diseases cf Towls."For Sale by W. T. Brooks.o cOauff " - 'Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 314 Main Street.Oflice Phones .' T 1?S:.I Home 13(5.Residence T-) Home 334.DK.A. tl KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... Kentucky6.j Dcterman,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Buildiner.J 920 Main St. . . Phones 586.looked up intoj tl'e young man's face. It was as guileloss as a May morning. She continuedher investigations."Our family have an old claimagainst the United States, dating backa hundred years or more, for a vessel1 owned by my great-grandfather, destroyed by an American privateer. II should like you to advise me concern-I ing it."1 "I shall be happy to do so. I am atmy office from 11 to C every day,where it will be proper for you tocall."This was not satisfactory to Mme.Berthalow. She would have preferred to have the young man callupon hei; where she could talk withhim in secret, but on second thoughtshe considered that there would be anadvantage in going to his office. Shemight light on some information notintended for her. The next day at 12o'clock she appeared at the legation.''Ah, madaine," Hornby said, "we arevery busy today, and I fear I shallhave to keep you waiting. If you willgo into my private office for awhile Ishall be happy to advise you presently( concerning your claim."lie ushered her into a cozy room inthe center of which stood a table withwriting materials and papers scatteredabout. ' Mme. Berthalow. being alonein the room, made a hurried examination of the papers. One of them boreevidence of having just been written.It was marked to be sent by cable tothe secretary of state at "Washington.The lady eagerly seized it and ran hereye over it. There was a jumble ofwords the meaning of which was uiirintelligible to her, but she noticed scattered throughout the dispatch the word"woman." It becurred live times. Shehad all the time she needed for the examinationindeed, more than shewished, for she was anxious to getaway that she might impart the infor-j matioh to her husband that there wasto be war. .Presently Hornby came in and informed her that he was read- to listeni to the matter of her claim. She toldhim she had left home without having locked up the jewels she had wornthe night before and must return atonce, nornby gave her one of his engaging smiles and saw her to her carriage. "When Hornby returned to his officehe threw the cipher telegram into thewastebasket and wrote one to a brokerin Paris announcing that a prominentfinancier would probably "sell themarket." If so it would break, and thebroker was to buj largely for Hornby's account.Hornby by the operation made a fortune. Some time after this Mme. Berthalow said to him:"Are you sure that in your ciphercode 'woman' stands for 'war?' "'It does not now. You convinced methat its use thus was ungallant, andI arranged for its being changed to ImwmmtmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!MtXTL k;VSZiBrm. .b.mc J2B p.eoffls orTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as&SSLLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingtlct is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.- -T WLet us figure with 'you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.the Bourbon llcws,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.ftWiiiUWiiliiW... i'-1-'. v1 '" 'V'i-""irai-"THE BOURBON NEWS, VjtitiS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 18, 1911JulrliMLj You Are InterestedIn Our AdsBecause you are interested inknowing where good Furniturecomes from.Of course nothing may be neededin your home just now, but itisn't a bad idea to learn whereto go when something IS needed.That's the purpose of our ads,to tell you how to make yourFuaniture money go the fartherestpossible.To tell you how to make yourhome the most beautiful,By following the hints we giveyou can make the reading of ourads a paying habit.We invite you to make us alooking visit.(ID(0)$$$$$The New Better Value StoreE. Ml. Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingBOTH TELEPHONESColts and Vets in Two Games.The first game of the bse ball season was played Saturday afternoon atWhite Park between the Colts andVets and reunited in a victory for Barnett and the Colts by a score of 7 to 6.Sunday afternoon the Vets evenedmatters by taking the measure of theColts by a score of 3 to 0, in a 'fasteight and a half sesion contest.Schrauder presided on the mound forthe Colts in the first five innings andshowed considerable speed allowinghut one cafe hit, fanning throe and inonly one session did more than threeface him. He completed a neat doublein the fourth retiring Barnett andGoodwin.Hooser finished the game for theColts and dished out an assortment ofcurves that puzzled the batters. Atno stage did he seem to extend himselfand went the route in an easy fashion.In the eighth two errois by Rapp puttwo men on bases, but he retired theside by fanning Barnett. Hooser bearsthe earmarks of a promising youngster.Brown, who hurled the first foursessions for the Vets held them without a safety until the fourth when McKernan doubled to center. Woods andTimme finished the contest. McKernan was the star performer of theafternoon getting two doubles and asingle out of four times up.uocn sides put up a snappy gameand during the hour and thirty minutesa number of neat plays were pulledoff. Simon, the Colt catcher, andRapp at short loomed up brilliantly.President Bacon returned Saturdaymorning from a scouting expeditionand announced that he had purchasedtwo players both of whoi. will be herethis week to participate in the practicegames that are scheduled. One of themen is Pitcher Spears, who was purchased from the Minneapolis club ofthe American Association, and theother is a short stop and catcher bythe name of Kelvey, who is fiom thesame team.Goodman and Kuhlman, of the pennant winning aggregation, are expected here today when rthe 'real practicework of the season will begin, and themen will shape themselves for the contest with the Barboursville Collegewhich will be here Thursday for twogames. Transylvania.University willbe here on April 22.State Superintendent MeetsAgents.Mr. 0. E. Estes. of Lexington.StateSuperintendent of the National LifeInsurance Company, was in the citySaturday and met a number of hisagents from surrounding towns, forwhom he entertained with a dinner atthe Fordham Hotel. Those presentwere C. L. Hubbard, Maysville; G. R.Foster and J. T. Allen. Cvnthinnn V.1 3. dicier, S. A. Kicw J. W. Payne,, Paris, and D. A. Butler, Flemingsl burg.ill tliibiftsfiillfPacer Brings Good Price.The three-year-old pacer, Georgetown, sired by Silent Brooks, dam Emma, by Onward, has been sold by Jefferson Davis Grover of the GroverlandStock Farm at Georgetown, to McKenna Brothers, of Providence, R. I., whowill race him on the grand circuit.Georgetown was sold at the fancyurice of $2,000. He worked one milfi" 2.11 1-4. The half was made in 1.001-1. He is entered in all stakes.Remember the NameIt'sA. F. Wheeler's New Iceberg Refrigerator.It means everything to you when you decide to choose your RefrigeratorECONOMY, CONVENIENCE, DURABILITY, and of beautiful exterior construetion It's the name that means most to you.And remember it and this store when you decide to choose your Refrigerator.Prices $7.00 up to $48.00.A Solid Oak China Closet Just LikeCut for $14.75A Beautiful Line ofDining Tablesto pick from Prices $3.75 up to$70.00 See them.Clarke's Poultry Remedies.I se Clarke's Limberneck and Roup, Remedy. 14 8tKeatuckian for Mexican CabinetGtorge Zimmerman, a former Lexington man, who has been in activeservice with the Mexican insurrectossince the beginning of the uprising inthat country, and who is now a majoron the staff of General Francisco I.Mndero, the rebel leader, after havingbeen promated from a lieutenancy forbravery while a member of the nowfamous dynamite squad at CasasGrandes in which so many Americanswere killed, writes from Mexico thatMadero has selected him as one of hisprospective cabinet members in caseths rebels are successful. Zimmerman's letters were sent from a townon the Texas border where he haderoded i-tn the United States to takeback a comuany of men and some supplies lor tne rebels.Nicnoiasville Wets Have MajorityThe local option relection at Nicnoiasville resulted in a victory for thewets. The whisky people carried twoof the three piecincts, thier majoritybeing 63. Last year the town wentwet by 35. A heavy vote was polledand a great deal of interest was manifested. The election passed off quietly and there was no demonstrationwhen the result was announced. 'hQ "W -ca xi 7-VA. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.Main and Third Sts.CHLS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HousevParis, KentuckyJikflUFflN.STRflUSf55Central Kentucky's Greatest Department Store,OUR1 AFTER-EASTERExclusive Effects-jt IN -jtWomen's Outer Garments.Individuality of Style atReasonable Prices.Tailor-Made Suits at $25, $30, $35 jAdaptions from Paris models in neatly trimmed effects withsailor collar and long Re vers; made out of French Serges,Summer weight worsteds and Etamine cloths in white, navy,black and all colors. Coats are. made in just the rightlength, semi-fitted and lined with rich, soft peau de cygne.Skirts cut in plain, straight lines with sufficient fullness toinsure walking comfortable.CoatsI For Motoring, touring, driving and general wear, in serges,I pongees, taffetas, satins and fine linens.Lingerie GownsOf marquisette, voile and soft muslins, in solid white, satinand lace trimmed and the much-desired colored embroideryeffects.Girls' Dresses and Waists in Peter Thompson andCo-Ed Styles.kSJBOSSMKaufman, Straus Gz Co., Lexington, Ky.KS3H3IKEfftSCTZVi-iVOur After-EasterExhibitM OF vHJILLIIJERUvJtJtxjIt is the fashionable and most sensibleToney a Second Amos Rusie.The Chicago Record-Herald says:"Fred Toney, the reincarnation "of thereat AmosRusie, "is ready to baffleHans Wagner. Sherwood Magee, FredSnodgrass and the rest of the Demonswatters in the.National League. Thetall boy from the lennetsee mountainswent the full rcute against the Dpnville upstarts Monday at the West Sideyard and soundly spanked Jack McCarthy's 13. Class boys lor picking onAl Campion's youngsters the day before and holding them to a 2 to 1cuiint. Toney 's smoke not only scaredthe downstate gang away from -.theplate, hut also fogged the atmospherein front of the big scoreboard, so thatonly by close inspection could thehandful of fans that turned cut get aslant at the figures G to 3.Tne final ccunt made cut littledifference. No one was betting thatthe Cube, presenting their regularfighting front would be defeated. Thegallant gallery was there to pass judgment on Toney, and the smile thatFrank Chacne wore during the entirecombat was a reflection of the fan'sopinion.''Tnnou Vinrl PVPvulhinf thfit". anathlete in fast company should have.He was touched for hve hits, two being ot the scratch variety, and issuedbut one pass. He fielded his positionperfectly and backed up the first baseman like an old time. He mixed afloater with his speed ball and had thatmysterious something to put on thesphere hen occasion demanded."04Owoman who recognizes the value of .'obtainingthe HAT which is correct to wear. So muchindividual selection was seldom allowed towomankind in HATS at this season. Thespectacular models shown in the early pari ofthe season are being rapidly displaced by themore modified styles.Our After-Easter exhibit of trimmedHats is unusually beautiful. All the newcolorings to blend harmoniously with the newSummer frocks.This week our display will embrace someexquisite models that have not been shownbefore.Quality and Exclusive Styles Considered,the Prices Are Moderate.YOUR INSPECTION IS INVITED.' EMBRY&CO.,Main Street East LEXINOTON, KY.oXxFOR RENT,Office room? at residence. ' Pleasantstreet. Very desirable. Apply to.7 3t MRS. J. S. WALLINGFOKD.iFOUND.A rosary on Winchester street. Owner can have same by proving propertyand paying costs. Apply at this office.IrV.' J"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 18, 1911.IHE BOURBON NEWS.ieyjFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMEClear Neat Sum.The Junior Endeavor Society of the( hristian church claered thejneat sumS2S st their sale held Saturday..Uernoon.Lace Curtains.The biggest stock of lace curtains ini ns atJ. T. HILTON'S.Yesterdays National LeagueResultsIttsburp:, 2; Chicago, 7.incinnati, "; St. Louis. 1.PEISONAL MENTION.Purchases Auto.Mr. H. S. Caywuod, of NorthVidaietown, has purchased rof the.drbon Garage Co., of this city, ani'r-state car.Mr. Neely Ranson, of Augusta1,Ga., is the guest of Paris relatives.Mrs. Fannie V. James, of Lexington, is the guest of Mrs. J. C. Elgin.Mrs. E. M. Dickson has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Richmond.-J. C. Elgin. Jr., returned Saturday after a ten days' stay at SwangoSprings.Dr. Wm. Kenney and Attorney R.C. Talbott were visitors in FrankfortSaturday.Mr. Harold Stillwell, of Hannibal,Mo., is the guest of Mrs. CharltonAlexander.Mr. and Mrs. C. A. TMcMillan areguests of Mr. and Mrs. J. Frank Clayin the county.Miss Martha Ferguson'is the guestof her cousin. Miss Hannah Ferguson,in Georgetown.Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Woodford leftyesterday for Martinsville, Ind., for aI' two weeks' stay.Mrs. M. H. Davis, of May3lick, isvisiting ner parents, Mr. and Mrs Wm.Hukill. in this city.The Best.e Clarke's Pculcty Remedies.list;Resigns Position.tMr. Ernest Martin returned yesI terday after several days' visit to hisJ sister, Mrs. Russell Dyche, in London.I Miss Carrie Frank ha3 returnedfrom a visit to her brother, Dr. LouisFrank, in Louisville.Bryan Will Be in Paris.On Thursday, April 27. at 3 o'clockp. m., the Hon. Wm. Jennings Bryanwill lecture at the Paris Opera Houseunder tho auspice" of the State Committee of the Y. M. C. A., and a localboys' work committee of which Mr.H.A. Power is Chairman. The subject ofANNOUNCEMENTS. f.We are authorized to announce Sidney G. Clay as a candidata for Representative in the Legislature fromBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic party.AppropriateFor Easter.IMissJutla Florence, of Cynthiana,- resigned her position with the'aticnal Five and Ten Cent Store.- ie has beun succeeded by Mr. Jessefrren'h who will be assisted by hisjfe.Papering.You want your pappring done right,i n't you? Well let me do it.J. T. HINTON.Lineman Succumbs to Injuries.John McMakin, a lineman on theL. & N. died at the St. Joseph's HosI tal Saturday morning from injuriesceived in a fall while repairing thecompany's lines near Paris. His bodywas sent to Crestwood Saturday.Breakfast Bacon.We slice your bacon any old priceto suit your pocketuook.C. P. COOK & CO.Meeting of School League.The Bourbon County School Ipmrovenent League will meet at the courtk' HKP in this; fitv nn Thncrlnr offor.r m at 2:30 o'clock. All memoers of ' Carlisle today.Uf league and those interested in theMrs Alice Sweeney returned yesterday from Nolin, Hardin county,where she has been for several weeks.Mr. Grover Butler, who resides onWest street, was takpn to the GuodSamaritan Hospital, Lexington, Sunday for an operation.Mr. II. V. Thompson and littledaughter, Margaret, of Winchester,were guests of Mr. and Mrs. G. C.( Thompson Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. Richard Ernst, MissSarah Ernst, Mrs. Bren and Mis3Eimly Woodall, of Covington, areguests of Mr. and Mrs. Ford Brent.Miss Mary Ashbrook, of Richmond, who has been the guest of hersister, Mrs. F. P. Kiser, 'for severaldays returned yesterday to her homein Richmond.Mrs. Percy Henry and two sons,Sill and Percy, Jr., came over fromLouisville Saturday in their automobileand were gutsts of Mr. and Mrs P.Nippert, returning Sunday night.Misses Lucy and ElizabethHowell, who have been spending several weeks at the home of Mrs. J. SimmsWilson, will return to their homethe lecture will be "The Prince ofPeace" which he has delivered innearly every country on the glob?.On April o" a Central Kentucky Boys'Work Committee was oragnized at theLexington Y. M. C A. for the nurnoseof co operating with the Y. M. C. A.btate Committee in holding a boysChristian training and recreation camp( on the Kentuckv River this summer., Each town in Cei tral Kentucky is rep1 resented on this committee. To equip! and pay the expenses of the camp, Mr.' Bryan's services were secured for aj four day lecture tour in Kentucky, andParis is very fortunate in securing Mr.Bryan.The Genuine.Corylopsis Talc the genuine imported "Samuria" line, 15 cents.VARDEN & SON. Sole Agents.RELIGIOUS.injnty schools are urgentlybe present.Seed Sweet Potatoes.kinds of seed sweet potatoesC. P. COOK & CO.Buys Lambs.Mr H.. Cay wood, of NorthM. iuitK.wn, bought of a Nicholascunty party one hundred lambs for.1 u. t- Jelier3T at o 1-4 cents per pound.ir ('ay wood purchased of trie samej arty one hundred fleeces of wool atc-ichteen cents per pound.-Mrs. W. H. Whitnev and Mrs.requested i Virgil Gaitskill will entertain with aI luncheon Tuesday at the home of Mrs.Whitley in honor of Miss VirginiaKeith GriiTith. whose marriage to Mr.Edward Powell Bosworth will be celebrated Apiil 27.Mr. Bennie Weissberg, who willconduct a clothing store in this city,has rented the residence property ofDr. F. P. Campbell at the corner ofTwelfth and Main streets and hasmoved his family to this city fromPittsburg, Pa.'The Paris Metnodist church willbe dedicated on June 11. Bishop H.C. Morrison, of Florida, will preachthe dedicatory sermon. Presidingulder J. L. Clarke, of the Covingtondistrict, and former pastor of the Parischurch will preach at night.Elder Peter Ainsley, of Baltimore,Md., will begin a revival at the ParisChritsiun church Monday, May 1.Elder Ainsley is a distinguished speaker and an evangelist of marked ability. The meeting will continue fortwo weeks."Corylopsis."We have the exclusive sale of the"Corylopsis" toilet articles.VARDEN & SON, Sole Agents.Fifteen Cents Per Box.Genuine imported "Corylopsis" Talcct 13 cents per box.VARDEN & SON, Sole Agents.Seed Corn.Shoots Woman and Suicides.Charles K. Strader, member of anruminent family and manager of aLexington cafe, Friday night shot 'anddesperately wounded Marie Fowler,with whom he lived, and. then turnedthe weapon on himself, inflicting aj wound in his forehead, causing hisdeath several hours later.Bloodino E- A- Cross, 516 Glaspow-""...., Street. Portsmouth, Va.kJ ., Says: "My WifeRheumatism Has used Bloodine for3 Rheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any cood, she finds i! j;ivesher itrenpth and a Rood appetite. I ha e used itmyself and find it lias done me a lot of good."YY. T. Brooks, Agent.You have neverknown the full beauty of sacred songsuntil you have heardthem on the Victor.Come in and hear yourfavjorite hymns sung bynoted soloists andfamous choirs.Victors, $10 to $250.Terms to suit.We have several of thelatest Victrolas from $75 up.Call and see them.Daugberty BrosFOR RENT,House of 7 rooms an.l b'lth cornerSixth and High. Apply toM. J. MURPHY.Luu Ai A cul-ofT valve tor an automobile, bc-twuen Fordham Hotel and Clmtonvillei pike, or on High street. Return tcBcurbon News 2nd receive reward, tfONE MINUTE,PLEASE!If you are in need of a Silk Dress, a WoolDress, or a dress of any sort, we have the1material you are looking for, and the dresstrimmings to suit. We have made big preparations and can please you. Now is thetime to make your selections.When you are ready for your Lace Curtains or Draperies, bear in mind our stock isthe largest in Paris.Come take a look !W. Ed. Tucker.IFEESCut RateCash SpecialsIJowl Meat1 0c per lb.Sugar Cured Shoulders,Blackberry JamPure Blackberry Jam, nothing finer made. "1 fiNever sold for less than 20c lb. Our price. . m2JEr3MBzaaaataeglf :ud, 11 1 1 ti2 frTr gt"(mz$m5m$me!ggmxmFOUND.mmmmmm&imaai&iwmtKmMmmIn the store of Frank & Co., a pairof rimless nose glasses. Owner canget same hy applying at the Newsoffice and pa3ing charges.LOST.329TO YOU!countyCaldwell's Pure Bred Boonehi:e Seed Corn. For sale byCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Both phones 14 23 GtMen's Banquet Thursday.Invitations have been issued for themen's banquet to he given in the parlors of the Christian church Ihursdayevening, April 20, at 7:30 o'clock. Anumber of aistinguished guests, whoare to make after-dinner speeches willbe present and the event will be an occasion of considerable note.The North Star.Warm weather calls for a refrigerator. We sell the greatest ice saverever manufactured. The North StarRefrigerator is cork-lined and will payfor itself in ajseason. Come and lookover the large line.J. T. HINTON.Double Track for the L. N.'J he proposed plan of the Louisvilleand NashviMe railroad to double trackits line from this city to Covington isiuwbeing realized and a large numberuf civil engineers are quartered inParis to begin the survey over theright of way which has been secured.Ihe business of the road has increasedto such an extent as to render necesary a double track. The constructionof the eighty-five miles of track between Paris and Covington will occupya period of time of about two and onenaif years.Wall Paper.The most complete line of wall paperin Central Kentucky. The most distinctive patterns ever oIFered. Ourdecorators are ready to hang theI aper..J. T. HINTON.Will Lecture in Mt. Sterling.Elder Carey E. Morgan, of Paris.I will deliver a series of three lecturesj at the court house in Mt. Sterling onApril 24.25 and 27. The subjects willbe respectively, "The Sea and theDesert," "The Holy Land," and "TheAlps and Their Neighbors."Last Attraction.1 Ihe last attraction in the series ofj entertainments given by Prof. A. H., Morehead will appear at the HighSchool Auditorium tonight. Musiclovers all over the country know thesplendid ability of these artists, forthe name, Dudley Buck, stands forexcellence.Miss Buck's work as a violinistshows evidence of her extensive studyunder ihe greatest masters both hereand abroad, while Mr. Buck with his1 flute never;fails to captivate his audi! ence. Miss Morsches stands unexcelled as a pianist and Miss Schnewind asa reader is superbly equipped for theinterpretation of the best literature.The pslendid work of these youngartists has given the keenest enjoyment and satisfaction to all who haveheard them and it is hoped they willhave a large and appreciative audiencetonight.Between court house and Walkeravenue on High or Seventh, Sunday, agold brooch with English "G" incenter. I Return to News office and receive suitable reward.With every Cash Price of $25 or over, I give youAbsolutely Free ThisFOR SALE.One International 2 horse-powergasoline engine cheap.S. KERSLAKE & SON.STOP, LOOK, LISTEN!The Lexington Laundry and DryCleaning agent has located at Mitchell& Blakemore's. Both phones H90.Orders promptly attended to. Workcalled for and delivered.W. B. VIOLETT,11 t Paris Agent.FOR SALE,One bay mare 9 years old ; goodworker and good driver. Apply totf E. M. WHEELER.Police Court.Commercial Course in CitySchool.At a -meeting of the Paris SchoolGoard Friday night it was decided toj establish a department of commercialI instruction, which will include short1 hand, bookkeeping and typewriting,and this department will be put into! effect at the beginning of the fall termin September with a competent instructor, who is later to be .elected atthe head of the department. Thecourse will be at the command of the, pupils of the High Schocl and suchI others as desire to take the course ata nominal tuition fee.The Board elected the followingteachers for the ensuing year, Superintendent u. w. unapman ana ninciBANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 mch 3m E. T. phone G5G.FOR RENT.In Poiice Court Friday Eugene Wil-ains. colored, was fined $10 and RivenJ ve days in jail. Williams was engjg-.1 in a fight with Fannie Baker, alsoJored.on Eighth street and was taken.nto custody by Chief of Police Elgin, j . j s Johnson having been eectedfore Judge January Friday on the veryFour room house, large barn andother outhouses, together with aboutfive acres of ground in the city limits.Apply toT. P. WOODS.24 tf or GEO. RASSENFOSSnous charge of threatening his fathr-in-Iaw, lte.illy Small, witji a knife.7jdce January continued the case un-fil Saturday morning te allow Howardto prepare for trial by secruing an.Uorney, at which he was fined $27.E0a;d civen ten days in jail.ill Lawrence, a white man, was inourt ytsterday charged with disorder-' conduct and was asstssed a fine of17.50.Read the Ad.last vear for a term of lour years :Prof. W. O. Stackhcuse, AssistantPrincipal ; Miss Frances Sutler, Science; Miss Josie Alexander, English;Miss Julia O'Brien, Music; Mrs. O. H.Buck, Drawing ;-Miss Mattie Hughes,Principal Grammar School ; Miss Folsom McGuire, Seventh Grade; MissJessie Crisp, Sixth Grade; Miss AnnaFarrell, Sixth Grade; Miss LizzieLenihan, Fifth Grade; Miss lSessiePurnell, Fourth Grade; Miss ClaraBrannon, Third Grade; Miss BettieSmith. Third Grade; Miss Macie Tal-Grade; Miss SallieQICbott. SecondSet 'of Glassware free, 2 matting 1 Whalev. Second Grade; Miss Blancherugs to- a quarter, sanitary couch j Lilleston, Primary Grade Miss Nelliez 95. Rsad J. T. Hinton's ad. Wallace, Physical Culture.iIIz1SBIXsIXThe MetzAutomobile.Simplest, most practical jand economical two-passenger machine man- jfactured. Complete at f$485.Sam'l Kerslake & Son,Glass Set of Eighteen Pieces, Consisting of1 Large Water Pitcher, 6 Tumblers,1 Large Berry Bowl, 1 Cream Pitcher,6 Individual Berry Bowls, 1 Sugar Bowl,1 Spoon Holder, 1 Butter Dish.These pieces must be seen to be appreciated. They are not cut glassbut the kind for every day use.Let Me Show You MyRugs, Carpets, Mattings and Furniture.I Surely Save You Money.Wall Paper at Any Price.When We Hang It We Hang It RIGHT.-1North Star Refrigerators the Best.If you want a cheap one, we have the New Iceberg, The Royal, The Star,The Indiana.Buy a Sanitary Couch this Week for $2.95.Two Matting Rugs 18-in. x 36in. for - - 25cWOOD MANTELSJ. T. HINTON.i1HIInMflIe1IBMVHMPHPUW VI !fcMiftJMifcJUaIMHfWWMtfWfMJ, VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; APRIL. 18, 1911.mCharles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Offers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock. "Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Fruit and ShadeTrees Strawberry Plants,Asparagus, Blackberries, Raspberries, Roses, Khubarb, Etc.Write for Free Catalogue. WeHave no Agents.H. P. HILLENMEYER.& SONS,Lexington, Ky.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEvervthino" npnfc nnrl! barbers always ready m to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have, ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free" medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESIn Bad Fix"I had a mishap at the age of 41, which left me in badfix," writes Mrs. Georgia Usher, of Conyers, Ga."I was unconscious for three days, and after that Iwould have fainting spells, dizziness, nervousness, sickheadache, heart palpitation and many strange feelings."I suffered greatly with ailments due to the change oflife and had 3 doctors, but they did no good, so I concludedto try Cardui.''Since taking Cardui, I am so much better and can doall my housework."M? CARDUIJ 41-V AThe1 Woman9s" ToaicDo not allow yourself to get into a bad fix. You mightget in so bad you would find it hard to get out.Better take Cardui while there is time, while you arestill in moderately good health, just to conserve your strengthand keep you in tip top condition.In this way your troubles, whatever they are, will gradually grow smaller instead of larger you will be on theup-grade instead of the down and by and bye you willarrive at the north pole of perfect health.Get a bottle at your druggists' today.ITi I i i jjVi fra ijL ' L TBJBLPKbmJLIsBWsIORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayodin Our Work.An individuality diMinyutehcs our 3fonuHCnts from all otlicr. while prices arcreasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-datcproductions? Our stool: of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER.NOKE CHEAPERWitt Jldams Son,142 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.msmemimmwSpring AnnouncementWe wish to state to the people of Paris,Bourbon and adjoiding counties that our largestock is filled with the newest ideas in Menand Boys' Clothing, Shoes, Furnishings, Trunksand in fact, everything that goes to make upa first-class men's stock. Only the best linesfind room in our store. Ayerd Benjamine'sFine Suits range in prices from$20 to $35Exuals the finest tailor made.Twin Bros:LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentSTALLIONS ADVERTISED.Attention is directed to the followinc stallions advertised on anotherI page of this issue:W. A. Bacon Locanda, 2:02.W. A. Bacon Norab, 2:18.T. B. Stith Ben D'D'Orr.Sterling Hinkson Black Prince.Sterling Hinkson Burley.JACKS.Charlton Clay Tom Mack.Plows,Harrows,Corn Planters,Cultivators.mmVulcan Plows,1 fMcCormick andB. H. Disk Harrows,Racine, Sattley and JaynesvilleCorn Planters.The Brinly Leverless andAvery Cultivators.Are First Class Implements and For Sale byBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.J fM" " '"" "17H "SVV JsBBBBBBBWUfCrop Conditions in Bourbon.Heavy rains that soaked the groundduring the week and all plowing ceased. Farmers are only about halfthrough bre?king the ground and muchplowing is yet to bo donv.Vegetation is moving ofF slowly dueto the unseasonably cold weather.Wheat and rye are looking well andthe former promises a big crop. BlueCrass is getting a start and grrz'.ngwill soon be excellent.A good crop of Blue Grass seed isindicated and sale's for future deliveryare being made. It is reported thatE. F. Spears & Sons have sold to aWinchester buyer 5,000 bushels of BlueGrass seed to be delivered in Augustat $1 per bushel.The live stock market is inactive.Some shipments of hogs are beingmade and one sale of lambs is reportedfor June delivery at 5 1-1 cents perpound. Twenty cents per pound isbeing offered by dealers for the be3tof the wool clip.Fa cattle aru showing good condition, but buyers are holding aloof.Indications are that prices will beabout It cents per pound lower than ayear ago.' Save the Coal Dust,j Coal dust should never be wasted.I Have a special galvanized scuttle for( it and mix sufficient water with it tomake it quite moist. When a fire is' nice an'l clear bank it up with thiscoal dust and it will ljtt for hour3.1 Whore this is done there is no nc-cumulation cf coal dust so common insome households.XCurtis & Overby,BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawford!3 Otialrs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Gives Aid to Strikers.Sometimes liver, kidneys and bowels spem to go on a strike and refuseto work right. Then you noed thosepleasant little bt-ii-e-brpakr rs Dr.King's New Life IMIN -to give themnatural aid and gently Linpnl action,Excellent health soon follows. Trythem. 2."cj at Oberdorfer's.Vardgfl&SooLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden 8 Son.Druggisti SPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shopping igour Drygoods and Ready-to-Wear Millinery and lShoe Department. AVe have for your inspection a JlS2kassfashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts,Dresses,Waists.Sillc Petticoats,Muslin Underwear,Slippers,Millinery,Drygoods.Dress Goods,Silks,White Goods,Laces,Trirr.nln3,Embroideries,Flaxons, Etc.MV2Z$$$S$2We are always pleased to have you call and seeour handsome Spring selection.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in OneCcr. 7th and MainHaeawi:Paris, Kentucky&After Montgomery Vole Sellers.The Montgomery county jriand juryhas begun investigation: tr.e votetraffic in Montgomery county, and hassummoned a hundred witnesses to appear before it. Indictments are lookedfor. It is the first time vntp-spllimrt has ever been investigated in Mt.Ster-ling. lhe Mt. Sterling Gazette isfighting the illegal buying of votes,and the citizens generally are commending the grand jury for theirefforts to bieak up the corrupt practice.riHARJLi9J2SQwH"19SUCCESSORS TOH0JLLIBAY & 5ETTLFeats in Climbing.Not only have name of the peaksnear Pontresina been ascended thiswinter, but also some of the highestmountains in Switzerland, includingthe Jungfrau. Feats in winter climbing are now often performed v.'hich afew years ago would have been considered impossible.Garriaae and Repair shod at Paris, Ky.,LInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.JCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest: This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Buildmg, Ciadaaati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President, ,Superior Portland Cement Co.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost.1 And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber M'f 9q Company,IncorporatedYard at Off ice,15th and Main Sts.PARIS, KY.Home Phone 12; E. T. 530?Ss rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 18, 1911,AKbaMMMMiMWMMM'ifnmodern ana UptoDateDental Parlors,niain Street, Paris, Kentucky,PAKLORS OVER VARDEN'SDRUG STOREI hvite you and your friends to visitjnv parlors and Have your teeth exaaiined free of charge. Will tell youlust what your work will cost, and. an assure you prompt and courteoustreatment at all times. I use the besto: material and do all my own work.Vk yoar neighbor about me, I haverione" work for some of them, as Ihave practiced here for over fouryears.In order to increase mv businessard introduce my PAINLESS METHODS into every house in Paris andj-rrounding country, I will, for aUnited time, make the followingrices :Examination FreeExtractingvCI leaning $ l.OOcold Fillings, from $1.00 to. . . . 3,00Klver FilliDgs, from 50c to 2.00rail Set of Teeth (to Fit)(5 old Crown (22 K)T)orcelain Crownsbridge "Work$5Only.Above Prices Ae For CashAll Woi k Guaranteed.OFFICE hours:a. m. to G p. m. Sundays 9 to 12DR. J. H. LACOCKOffice over Varden's Drug Store.Cut this ad. out and bringvou and tret advantage ofit withaboveprices, and have workexperienced dentist.done bv anI WANT WORK !G. M.T URINE R,CONTRACTORPainting, Grainingjand PaperHanging.All work neatly done and guaranteed. Address,S63West Street, Paris, Ky.Reference Dr. A. H. Keller, Thos.K.er.wroCr S.M.4.U11CHWw-Auction-OF-In accordance with the provisions ofSection 477 of the Kentucky Statutes, the G. G. V, hite Company will,onTuesday, April 25th, 1911,&ell a t public auction on the premisesof the G. G. White Company Distillery, Paris, Bourbon county, Kentucky, the following described whisky,or so much of it as may be necessarythe liens thereon and the expenses ofthe sale:Five (5) barrels of Chicken CockBourbon whisky, serials 42829 to 42833inclusive, produced in February, 1902,at the G. G. White Company, Distillery No. 14, Paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky. Amount to be realized$252.71 and expenses of the sale andcoRt of advertising. Owner unknown.Warehouse charges are in defaultfor more than one year. For furtherinformation inquire ofO. P. CARTER, JR..Superintendent.Tu3w Paris, Ky.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union TraetBuadiHS, Oadaaati. Ohia.Justus CoIHm, President,Superior Portland Cemeit C.j :!-n White & Co. F&i.O'w.SViLLZ. KY. fiPJ&s -X.IW oW.'',,J' ' .m., '.SaleMaster's Sale-OFValuable Souse and Lot inParis, Ky.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mattie Houston, &c, - - Plaintiff.vs.James Henry, &c, - - Defendant.By virtue of a 'judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March term, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court the undersigned Master Commissioner of saidcourt will onMonday May 1st, Ml,nf thp nnnrt hnnco rlnnr in tha C.it-xnf Porta Tontnnlrr ahnnf f ha Viriitv- m. u. .u, ... muiij , uuuuw nil. 1IUUL j.11 o'clock a. m. sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder theproperty described in the judgmentand ordered to be sold in the abovestyled action on a credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, to-wit:A certain house and lot on the Westside of Walkers Avenue in the City ofParis. Bourbon County, Kentucky,fronting on said avenue, and boundedon one side by the lot of L. U. Harris ;on the other side by the lot of Mrs.Weathers, and on the lear by thelot of John Nayless.Tbe purchaser will be required toexecute bends with approved suretybearing interest at the rate of six percent per annum from date of sale until paid, payable to the undersignedMaster Commissioner. The purchasermay pay all said purchase price incash, or any and all of said bonds, before mentioned except the infants'portion which shall remain a lien onsaid property until they arrive at theage of 21 years, or until their guardian shall execute bond as required bySection 493 of the Civil Code.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.George Batterton, Attorney.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer, 11 4t"ri'',VOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.I A moderately priced one, too. 1' If vou are looking for'The;J, Hat you'll find it in ourpres-Iten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorynurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Balrd.BavevTreeExpertto.,Kenti, umu.Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tree Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER,406.Plea3ant street.Home phone 254. " Paris. Ky.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCETrade MarksDesignsCopyrights Ac.Anyone sending a sketch and description mayqnlcUly ascertain onr opinion free whether aninvention is probably patentable. Communion,lions strictly confidential. HANDBOOK on Patentssent free. Oldest aeency for securlnf? patent.Patents taken through Munn & Co. recelvatpeeial notice without charge, in theScientific American.A handsomely Illustrated weekly. J.arcest 1rculntion of. any scientific Journal. Terms, 3 ayear: four months, L Sold by all newsdealers.MUNN & Co.36"0""'- New YorkBranch Office, (35 P 8U Washington, D. C.MARTIN BROSEighth Street, Paris, Ky.Public Transfer, Hauling andMoving of Ail Kinds.We Make a SpecialtyHauling Tobacco.ofUp-to-Date livery, Sale andFed Stable.BOTH TELEPHONES.n, i.JjMIWMaster's SaleOP-Bourbon County LandBOURBONCIRCUIT COURT.JohnSummervilie Clark, etc.,On Petition.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the March, 1911, termof the Bourbon Circuit Court the undersigned Master Commissioner of saidcourt will onMonday, May 1st, 1911,at the court house doer in the Cityof Faris, Kentucky, about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder on acredit of six and twelve months forpqual parts of the purchase money theland described in said judgment andordered to be sold in this action, towit: A tract of nineteen and fifty-twe-hundredthsacres of land situated nearMillersburg, Bourbon county, Kentucky, on the waters of HinkstonCreek, and bounded as follows: Beginning at A. a stake in the southernmargin of a road and corner to Jos.Miller; thence with said Miller's lineS. 18 1-4 E. 12.35 chs; to B. on thenorth bank otj Hinkston Creek ; thenceup Hinkston at common water mark,N. 71 E. 16.43 chs. to C, a corner toChas. Mathers; thence with saidMather's line, N. 4U W. 18.81 chs. toLB in southern margin of road or pass-way along the southeastern side orrailroad; thence along the southernmargin ofsaid passwsy, S. 38 1-4 W.3.29 chs. to E; thence S. 42 1-4, W 1.80chs. to F; thence S. 44 W. 5.15chs. to the beginning, containing 19.52acres, being a part of the 113 acres, 3rods and 21 poles heretofore conveyedto Charles C. Clarke by William N.Clarke.The purchaser shall execute bondwith good surety bearing interest atthe rate cf six per cent per annumfrom day of sale until paid. Payableto the undersigned Master Commissioner with a lien reserved upon saidland to secure payment of said purchase money. The purchase moneyshall remain a lien upon said land inthe hands of the purchaser until theStatutory Guardian of said infantsshall execute bond as prescribed bysection 493 of the Civil Code of Practice. RUSSELL MANN, M. 0. B. C. C.E. M. Uirkson, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. 11 4tOF-Town Lot!BOURBON CIRCUITClara II. Jones - - -COUHT.Plaintiff.V:Carrie A. King -Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale m2de and enteredln the ainve jstyled action at the March ter-n, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court the un-!dersigned Master Commissioner of;said court will on jMonday, May 1st, 1913, 'IIat the court hou?e door 'in the Cityof Paris, Kentueky, about the hour of11 o'clock a. m. sell at public auctionto the highest and best bidder on acredit of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money ,theproperty described in the judgmentaiiu uiucicu uu u ouiu in imo aouuii,to-wit:Lot No 32 in Brooks' Addition inthe City of Pars, Kentucky, frontingfifty (nO) feet on Brooks street, begin -ning in said street at a corner to lotNo. 31 and running back with said lotNo. n, 10'ih feet to the line of lot No.32: then with the line ot lot No. 31 tothe line of lot No. 33; thence with 'theline of lot No. 32 102 feet to Brooksstreet, thence said street 50 feet to thebeginning.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith good security, bearing interest atthe rate of six per cent per annumfrom date of sale until paid, payableto the undersigned Master Commissioner, but the purchaser may payca?h if he so desires.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.P. A. Thompson, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer. 11 4tHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Hard to Answer.Little four-year-old Robert, likemany other boys of his age, liked toask questions. So when the first downychicks came in the spring and hi3mother saw him studying them mostintently, she knew something was com-ing. And it did, for presently he turnedto his mother and asked, "Mamma, arechickens legs hind legs or front legs?"M. B. Denison in Woman's HomeCompanion.Kentucky Cotton Crop.Fulton county, though the smallestcounty in the state, made a fine showing on cotton alone last year. Thecrop was worth to the growers $175,000, and was confined largely to theextreme west end of the county. Onaccount of the good price realized forsvereal years there will be an incraesed acreage put in this spring. ' Cottonhas yielded from $40 to $60 per acre inFulton for "the past two or. three yens.Master'sBreathitt Out o! Race.Judge James Breathitt, of Hopkinsville, Attorney General of Kentueky,last week declared himself out of therace for the Republican roninaiton forGovernor. Gen. Breathitt's name hasbeen frequently mentioned in connection with the contest. It is generallyunderstood about the Capitol thatFirst Assistant Attorney General J. W.Lockett, of Henderson, has beenawaiting the announcement of hi3 chisfbefore declaring himself in the racefor Attorney General.Its Equal Don't Exist. -No one has ever made a salve, ointment or balm to compare, with Bucklen's Arnica Salve. It's 'the one perfect healer, of cuts, corns, burns, bruises, sores, scalds, boils, ulcers, eczema,salt rheum. For sore eyes, cold sores.chapped hands or sprains its supreme.Unrivaled for Piles. Try it. Only 25cat Oberdorfer's.Church 100 Years Old.The Little Union Baptist church atMt. Washington, Ky., will celebrateher 100th anniversary Thursday, April20. There will be a fine old-fashionedbasket dinner. The pastor. Dr. J. A.Both, will give the welcome address,and a number of other speaers are expected to be present.Averts Awful Tragedy.Timely advice given Mrs. C. Willoughby, of Marengo, "Wis., (R.No.l)prevented a dreadful Tragedy andsaved two lives. Doctors had saidher frightful cough was a "consumption" cough and could do little to helpher. After many remedies failed, heraunt urged her to take Dr. King's NewDiscovery. "I have been using it forsome time," she wrote, "and the awful cough has almost gone. It alsosaved my little boy when taken witha severe bronchial trouble." Thismatchless medicine has no equal forthroat and lung troubles. Price 50cand 1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Corpse Came 9 Life.Mourners who gathered about thecasket containing the body of Fani yWarren, a negress. at Eatcnton, Ga.,last week were thrown into a panicwhen Fanny suddenly came back tolife. The supposed corpse nearly brokethrough the covering of the coifin, ardthe muurners fled from the scene whenthey heard the noise of the casketbreaking. An undertaker removed thelid and assisted the woman out. Sheis now under the care of a doctor.Do Ghosts Haunt Swnmps?No, never. Its foolish to fear a fancied evil, when there are real anddeadly perils to guard against inswamps and marshes, bayous, andlowlands. These are the malariagerms that cause ague, chills and fever, weakness, aches in the bonesand muscles and may induce deadlytyphoid. But Electric Bitters destroys and casts out these viciousgerms from the blood." Three bottlesdrove all the malaria from my system," wrote Wm. Fretwell, of Lucama, N. C, "and I've had line healthever since." Use this sufe, sure reined v onlv. 50c al Oberdorfer's.Telephones in Church.Moriah Church of Utica has installed a telephone system for the benefitof members of the church who may beafflicted with deafness. Six telephones hare been placed in variousparts of the auditorium, the transmitter being located on the pulpit directly in front of the speaker.Beware of Ointments iov Catarrhthat Contain Mercury.as mercury will certainly destroy thesense of smell and completely de -ranc the whole system wu..n cnt-r-initthiough the mucous ?;jr.aces.Such articles should p m bo usedexcept on prescription-; from repura- iDie physicians, as the damage theywill QO IS 1611 1UJU U'J I III -VJU uu uuu,posiiblv derive from them. Hall'sCatarrh Cure, manufactured bv F. J.Cheney & Co., Tol'ilo, O., contains1 no mercury, and is taken internally,acting directlv upon the Mood andj mucous surfaces of the svstem. Inj buvinsr Hall's Catarrh Cure, be sureyou get the genuine. It is taken mteraally and made in Toledo, O., byF. J. Chencv & Co. Testimonialsfree. jSold by druggists 75c per bottle . jTake Hall's Family Pilis for cousti-1pation.Plenty of fresh air,sleeping out-doors and aplain, nourishing diet areall good and helpful, butthe most important ofail isX ! J S3 k' Cdbllll b iilUldlUllIt is the standard treatment prescribed by physicians ail over the worldfor this dread disease. Itis the ideal food-medicineto heal the lungsand build up the wastingbody.FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTSSend 10c., nnmo o paper and tbl ad. forcar beautiful Savlnca Bank and Child'sSketch-Book. Each baak contains a GoodLuck Penny.I SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Petri St, N. Y.FREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVECURED HIS CONSTIPATIONWhen a person has becomedis -couragea tnrougn years of failure tofind a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesup trying, it is small wonder that hebecomes skeptical. And yet, to allwho have constipation, wc would say,"Try just one thing more."We wish you would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name and address to Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un-TOM MACKThe Premium Jack. vFine black jack, 16 hands high, largebone, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Mack will make the season of1911 at Marchmont Stock Farmon theWinchester pike, 2 miles east of Pari3,at$10 far Mares and $15 for JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonmoney is paid. Mares kept at S3 permonth or ten cents per day on grass.Not responsible for accidents crcapes.es-CHARLTON A. CLAY,E. T. Phone 57,R. F. D. No. 2, Pari, Ky.Woodland Stock FarmHeadquarters for Drafts Horse.BLACK PRINCENo. 4S.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold', black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight Has proven to be a sure foalgetter, and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will make the seasonlawn Stock FarmAbon 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due vrhen colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my, consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent acrcident3 but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING H2NKSON,";glair, Ky.St is AlwaysA Jay Birdj A suncrb individual, a race champion and a royallv bred stallion. Fastest; son fa the miffhty Allerton 2:0'.);. champion to high wheels and the greatestsjre LoeancU'? dam was the daughter of Alcvone, sire of McKinneyJ 2:11K. He holis the record for one and one-half miles, 3:l5K; was the, fihnmrion r&eimr fcalliou of 190-1905: three-vear-old record 2:16': four-.I 1 ' -year-old record 2:11'.;'; five year-oldseven-year-old record 2:03 ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A LIVING FOALNOSSAB 3S935, Trial 2.18, Trotting3rown horse, 16 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Eoisode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:21, grandam Santos (dam.of Peter the Great 2:07j and Malcolm J. Ford (3) 2:09K) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACON, Maplehurst Farm, Paris, Kentucky"The Model Packing Plant,Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all first-class grocersandMealers.Baldwin Packing Go.Paris,1 ionville, Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmer-t ' "arrisburg; Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample bottleand now have it regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away with"salts, waters and cathartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles sothat they will do their work againnaturally vithout outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, ULTHE SADDLE STALLION,915J hands high, heavy mane and tail,will make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living Colt.BEN D'OR is by McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes' Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy, by Lovely, he byLedger; Nancy's iim 'dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, mareparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all colts until seasonI money is paid.inul responsioiefor accidents or( escapes.T. B. STITH.R. F. D. No. 1, Paris, Ky.BURLEYBlack Percheron Wt. 1760-$15 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedrafc horse, and his get have provento be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Burle, both upon the farm and in the cities. They canstand more work than the generalraof horses. BurleyisTyearsoid, a beautiful black. He is well-formed and ofthe class that catches the eye. In selecting a horse to breed to, select onewhose produce commands best price.of 1911 at WoodrLOOANDA 202,record 2:07; six-year-old record 2:05;: ! . 'Z JL . I1Packing CoKentucky.!;IIObbIsbbbsssbbbsbbV Vff-- .CEg .-.,. - .--;; m- jl- -f. -BnnsmnrRHnpnpinMnTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,' KENTUCKY, APRIL 18, 1911,i- iIi I!iUK.1itKBuildings covered over twenty years ago are as good as newand have never needed repairs. Fireproof Stormproof Handsome Inexpensive. For. further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Kr. NY. M. Hamilton is some better.Use Clarke's Poultry Remedies''SoJd by Clrk & Co , Paris. 14-StRev. J. C. Stackhouse preached atthe Baptist church Sunday night.We can put new tires on your babycarriages.2t JOE NV. MOCK.Mr. R C. Chanslor was in Cincinnation business Wednesday and Thursday.Our Vacuum Cleaners are now readyfor spring hoqse cleaning. Make yourengagement early.11 St MILT.BR & BEST.Mr. Earl Peterson returned Fridayafter a few days' visit to friends atBerea.Miss Marisa Smith visited her mother, Mrs. Hattie Florence, at Paris afew days last week.Master Harris Tackett and littleMary Louise Collier and Miss Ida MayRyan are improving.The majority of the student body otM. F. C. and M. M. I. visited thsirhomts during the Easter holidays.Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell spentthe Easter holidays witn his parents.Mr. ?nd Mrs. NV. T. McConnell, at Mt.Olivet.The entertainment given by Dr.Dyer, wife and brother at the Christian church Friday night was good andconsidering the weather was well attended. Dr. Dyer and brother arefmmmmmmmmKmmmmmmmBmmwmMcmmmmammmMmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmKammmmBmttkwamDAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNt:taB wmmmmm mmmmmmm wmmmmmArmenians while Mrs. Dyer, wife ofthe doctor, is an American lady. Theentertainment consisted of a lecture enthe 'Manners, Habits and Customs ofArmenia." A miscellaneous entertainment followed consisting of Armenian wedding, Turkish prayer andcostumes of several Oriental nations.The entertainment was well receivedand the crowd was large. Had theweather not been so uncertain thehouse would not have held the crowd.Mr. R. M. Caldwell spent the Easterholidays in Maysville.The ladies of the Methodist churchdid well with their Easter sale Saturday. Mr. M. H. Current returned Fridayafcer a three months' sojourn in Florida much improved in health.Mr. R. C. Chanslor has rccepted aposition with the Hurst Home Insurance Copmany and entered on hisduties Friday.Squire E. P. Thomason and son, Mr.E. M. Thomason attended the funeralof a brother of Squire Thomason atGeorgetown Thursday.Messrs. H. M. Campbell and R. M.Johnson spent Sunday with MissesChambers and Sanders of the M. F.C, at the home of Miss Chambers atSurdis.! Mrs. Hattie Preston left a few dayssince for her home at Ashland accompanied by her sister, Miss Ella Hurt,who has been quite sick. Their father. Dr. R. T. Hurt, will follow in afew days, where he and Miss Ella willmake their future home.executive committeeof theTo save your money is to buy yourSpring footwear of us, Our showingof Spring styles is now complete, including all the popular leathers inBlack, White and Tan Leathers.Whether you want Women's, Misses,Children's or Men's Shoes, we can fityou to perfection. No one is barredfrom our Spring style showing ofquality Shoes at the lowest possibleprices.mmtmmmmmm wmmmmmwmmmmmHurst Home Insuarnce company wera Iin executive session Friday morning jin the directors' room of the Farmers'canK. xne iauowmg memoers werepresent: J. G. Blair, Carlisle, Wm.Burroughs, J. NV. Current.J. G. Allen,President, and F. F. Hurst, secietary.Mrs. Robert NVilson, of Maysville, isthe guest of her mother, Mrs. Mastm.Miss Elizabeih Ingles visited relatives in Lexington from Saturday tillMonday.The Misses Hur&t entertained anumber Df friends at their home Saturday evening.Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Shy were theguests frnm Saturday till Monday ofMr. J. D. Shy in Pari3.Miss Elizabeth Ingles spent theEaster holidays with Iipi uncle, Mr.A. T. Ross and family at Lexington.Mr. and Mrs. G. NV- Judy, whohave been spending the winter in Lexington, returned Friday for the summer. Miss Hazel Duvall, of Paris, whohas been the guest for several days ofMiss Maria Smith returned homeMonday.Mr. I. F. Uhanslor.Jr., was a visitorin Paris and Lexington yesterday.Mr. Chanslor is rapidly recoveringfrom the effect of two operations performed recently and has been with hisparents here for abojt three weeks.He will return to Maysville Fridaywhere he will resume his position withthe J. T. NVood Drug Company.tBath for School Gymnasium.The last number of the MoreheadLy ceum course will be given tonightfollowed by a matinee Wednesday.The High School pupils are makingan effort to raise money to be used inequipping their gymnaisum with baths.The Board of Education is willing tomake this much needed improvementbut they cannot spare the money thisyear. If the good people will contribute by buying the tickets whichthe school 1 children are selling thebaths will be ready for use next year.If endorsements count for anythingthe Dudley Buck Concert Co. is unsurpassed. BIRTHS.J Born, on Thursday night tp the! wife of George NVyatt, Jr., nee BoardI man, a son.Born, in Louisville, recently, tothe wife of Dr. Houston Argabrite, ason. Dr. Argabrite formerly residedin Paris.Jwmmmmm wmmmmm wmmmam v0S (fgpBridesmaids Will Not ParticipateA news dispatch from St. Louis tellsof the withdrawal of the four Catholicbridesmaids from the wedding party ofMiss Cora South Brown, who is wellknown in Paris, having frequentlyvisited here, because the prospectivebridegroom has been divorced. Thedispatch is as follows:"Four of the Catholic bridesmaidsannounced for the wedding of NVilliamGlasgow O'Fallon and Miss CoraScuthBrown, 'the most photographed beautyin St. Louis,' granddaughter of thelate Governor John Young Brown, ofKentucky, have withdrawn because theprospective bridergoom has been divorced. "The bridesmaids are Misses LucilleCates. Miriam Bonist, Virignia Zeibigand Harriett Lamotte."Miss Brown's family is Episcopalian and on account of the divorce th1marriage will take place April 25 inSt. John's Methodist Episcopal church,of which John J. O'Fallon, great grandfather of the bridegroom, was one ofthe founders."O'Fallon owns a ranch at MercedesTexas, and he met a pretty divorcee inSan Antonio. O'Fallon was then only20 years old. They were married aftera short acquaintance, and lived together six weeks. He returned to St. Louisand his wife obtained a divorce a yearago on the ground of desertion."O'Fallo is a stepson of NV. S. McChesner, Jr., general manager of theTerminal Railroad Association."Mrs. John Young Brown, thebride's mother explained to-night thatnone of the girls mentioned as withdrawing as bridesmaids for her daughter were asked to serve, since theywere informed that the bridegroomwas divorced of the church, and it wasdecided to request the following toserve as bridesmaids :"Misses Malotte Houser, Louise Nugent, Irene Clifford, St. Louis; GraceHays, Nashville, Trr. ; CarolineBanks, Henderson, Ky. : Austine Barton, Louisville, and Belle Finlay. MissMargaret Ball was chottn maid ofhonor."Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis & Overby has secured the agency for a Columbus firmfor toupees, wigs and hair goods of alldescriptions. The prices on wigs andtoupees range from S15 up . 10 tfMoney to Loan.NVe have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from $2,000 up, at the lowrate of Sk per cent with long time andeasy payments. NVe write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the mooey youneed at 5i per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.O. 1. COLI IER. Agent.I4a3m liurst Home Insurance Co.DEATHS.The remains 'of Megibbon Kimbrough reached Cynthiana Saturdayafternoon from Los Angeles, Cal. Thefuneral took place from the Megibbenhomestead yesterday afternoon at 2o'clock.Mrs. Bettie Holland, wife of Mr.Simon Holland, aged 60 years, died ather home near Centerville Thursdayafter ai. illness of three months. Mrs.Holland is survived by her husband,three daughters, Misses Mary, Odieand Margaret Holland; and four sons,John, James, Simon. Jr., imd Wm.Holland. The deceased was a wellknown woman of the r,Centervilleneighborhood and was held in highesteem by all who knew her. The remains were taken to Mt. Sterling Friday for burial, the services being heldat 2 o'clock at the grave in the Mt.Sterling cemetery.Now is the Time.Now is the time to useGape Remedy for chicks.Clarke's14 StMATRIMONIAL.Mr. James Cox, of Paris, and MissLeah Frederick, of Maysville, weremarried in that city Sunday afternoonby Rev. W. R. Overly. The bridegroom is a brakeman on the Lexingtondivision of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad and is popular. The happycouple took a wedding trip to Cincinnati by boat.GOT0BBH!Cured by the Marvel of the! Century, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system ot thepoison germs that- cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. 15. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advice jEraser In the Laundry.One instrument of cleanliness foundin a 'first-class laundry is a rubbereraser, "That is needed to rub thepencil marks from cuffs," said the manager. "We used to throw that kind ofcorrespondence into soap water andtry to wash it clean, but marks madeby some nenrlls snnVpl in Instpd ofwashing out, and left the cuffs splotched and streaked, so they are now treated to a preliminary dry scrub with aneraser."Mass ConventionThere will be a mass convention at the Old Christian Church,Saturday, April 29, 1911,at 1:30 p. m.f to select delegates to attend the District Conventionto be held in Paris, Ky., May 3rd, at 1 p. m., for the purpose pinominating a candidate for Railroad Commissioner.GEO. W. STUART,Chairman Republican County Committee.Our I itip nfIver is Very Complete.JTno 4-Vic 4-Vi-iTnrr -fMrI wedding gifts. IElll1 1111 f?lE -TI-IIC IImLltlL-ll'lUI-lm aThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfroma teasnoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,"The HouseBoth Phone :?&:Mary Eliza Allenlave Stoodeiiieion upring uiulesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes have T&stpod for true economy to the man of mod- Kerate means, ana to tne man ot wealtn thebest that money could obtain.In style they areother makes, we have tne bpring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. IVTWillams,The Shoe Man.KESS5KE3SS&!??!? !$?tjftjftftjfSpringtimeWe carry a complete assortment and bear$ in mind our prices are4 Curtain Stretchers,& Mop Wringer Buckets,f Feather Dusters,t Ceiling Brooms,Mops, Scrub Brushes,4 Brooms, Dust Pans,Tr! As to Refrigerators and Ice Cream Freezers, $we have the White Mountain;Enough Said.FORDParis,4i444444444'4i4444'4i444i'f4kKMoonshiner Brought From Oklahoma.Deputy United States Marshal Talbert Holliday arrived in LexingtonFriday from Guthrie, Okla., having incustody John Newberry, of Breathittcounty. Newberry was indicted formoonshining near Jackson, skipped cutto Oklahoma, set up a still in thn newcountry, was caught with the gnodsand given a jail sentence, which hasjust expired. He is to be tried forrrconshining in Kentucky.IfpHinor SiL 1of Quality.JSi2E22.Wins No. 1296The .Test.a little in advance of 1Necessities. IAthe lowest:TTack Hammers,Tack Claws,Carpet and Matting Tacks ;Silver Polish,Brass Polish,Liquid Veneer.4A& CO.Ky.Vgiven, bole Dy varaen & son.-y,r'-i .si