X-1fcV- v1 --"'rlSK9lrHl .Bill. '- i'!iraa.,aR?.t:-r."Va 'WSPUBLISHED EVEBT TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAB.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 9, 1911.NUMBER 44VOLUME XXX.sTHEV ... JANAr)Insure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tff-s (StSSSSmSi (tjySiLogan Howard,Staple and fancy Groceries,Main Street,Will give you one dollar'sworth (10) of S. & H. GreenTrading StampsEXTRAfor this coupon, besides thoseyou get with a purchase of50c or more.Both Phones 179.rFor Commissioner oi Agriculture.Senator Wyatt is making the racefor the Democratic nomination forr.nmmiinnpr of Agriculture beforethe Democrats ot the state in the primary July 1. He is a successiui iarmer and cornea from one of the hestfarming sections of Western Km-f iinlrtrHis record in the State Senate hasbten highly creditable and particularly notable for his work in behalf oflegislation for the farmer.The Bosworth-Wyatt Good RoadAmpnrimpnt to the Constitution is apart of Kentucky's history. SenatorWaytt was chairman of the Good Road! Congress held at Louisville last December and has been actively engagedI in this work for several years ; believ1 ing with all others that the farmersI are the first to be benefited. He is' also a stern advocate of educating thefarmer along the lines of his occupation toward intensive and co-operativefurminy) Since there has never bpen a Commissioner of Agriculture elected iromWestern Kentucky, which is notablythe farming scetion of the State aswell as strongly Democratic, it is fairthat the nomination for this office begiven to a Western Kentucky man. ItSiebrecht's Latest Composition.Mr. Arthur Siebrecht of Lexington,formerly connected with the GrandOpera House in this city, and who haggained considerable note as a composer of popular songs, will scon put onthe market his latest compostiion,"Sympathetic Rag." Others will beplaced on the market about the sametime.County Board Meets.r iplIF U R WISE " ITake Advantage of These PricestffsStandard Granulated Sugar, 18 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound : -12Picnic Hams, per pound 12 1-2Sugar Cured Reg. Hams 15White Bacon, per pound 10Santee Syrup, 1-2 gal can 15Karo Syrup, 1-2 gal. can 20Karo Syrup, 1 gaL can - - ' -40Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Ivory Soap. 6 bars ; 25Royal Seal Oats, 2 cans ' 25All Rolled Seal Oats, 3 boxes 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-lb. Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25THE FLOUR OF QUALITYB1U3 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack : .65Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack ' 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55Fref h Fish Every Friday and SaturdayThe Bourbon County Board of Education met in the County Superintendent's office on June 5, 1911, with thefollowing members present: D. C.Lisle, Wesley Florence, R. H. BurrisJ. N. Mason, J. F. Ingles, F. F. Hurstand Miss Robbins.The minutes tof the two precedingmeetings were read and approved.Mr n C. T.islA RiicriypHtp.fi the name ofAlley Rowland as local trustee in Subdistrict No. 2. Educational .DivisionNo. 1, Jacksonville, and on motionrinlv mnrlp. seconded and carried. Mr.Rowland wvs nominated, subjpet tothe ratification of the Division Board.On luotion made, seconded and carried R. L. Tarr was appointed on theCommittee with F. F. Hurst to takethe place of J. T. Purdy. m ,It was moved, seconded and cameothat the Jacksonville Colored SchoolEducational Division No. 1, Sub-districtNo. 2, be and is hereby consolidated with the Centerville school onQnnnnt nf tinvinf? leSS than fortypupils, but that said Jacksonvilleschool shall have a separate teacher,and that toe school shall be conductedin the house used for that purpose inSub-district No 2.It was moved by D. C. Lisle.seconaed by J. F. Ingles and carried that J.N. Mason, J. W. Tenner and thesuperintendent be appointed a committee to dispose of the school building at Spears Mill, and to contract forthe erection of a new and auitaDiVtnilfiinor in nnmnlinnce with the. olantSI and specifications now in the office ofil. o -:4-n.,Jn4- hn nth ink mlans fillme ouyeriiiLcmicut, j ""- - -the one room houses for schools in thecounty shall be constructed.It was moved, seconded and carriedthat the salary schedule, providingthat the maximum salary for the ninemonths' terra be fifty dollars permonth and the minimum salary thirtydollars per monta, as presented by theSuperintendent, oe and is herebyadopted.Accounts to the amount of S279.72were allowed whereupon the Boardadjourned to meet again at call nfChairman.Bristow in the Race.Judge Louis L. Bristow, of Gporgc-,town, on Wednesday announced himself as Republican candidate for Secretary of State. .He is at present acting"as County Judge of the Scott CountyCourt, under appointment of GovernorWillson, to succeed the late Judge J.J. Yates.MATRIMONIAL."We Know How."TiTHEWITH ICan get a better Suit here than he can in anyother store in town. We fully understandthat hundreds of men feel that TEN' isenough fcra Suit and we are makinga leaderot these Suits. We are showing fifty differentpatterns in $ J 0 Suits. TheselSuits'are'madcwith hair cloth fronts, long and medium cutsack coats, large or small cut trousers, beltstraps and cuff bottoms if you like. We showokinlblue series, stripes 'and fancy Scotches.dm If you want to spend $10 for a Suit, comeW to Mitchell & Blakemore's. where every Suit is sold with a guarantee.Mf Tf 4 . C . iff -f 4.1. ,-.. irlit goods sola by us are not satisiaciory, we wm mtusx. uku ugni.Mitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky,Outfitters-to-Men.The Grocery Store of Quality. 4T. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234 W"3e -.j...j.'.'....vvs.&k. v, . . ,& tj- af-3 p-9 4 1&2t f3K f&ftvj&Sffi.fS '&&JCiTAT'i.Vi'.5KOktf ,,m . a 2,59 -f arLfcSSfe I he "accrcc service: wg&1 -. . . r 5KilJ"jfiqhJCrt' Ouit mEighty-five per cent, of the style of a gar- gjjjfcmerit is contributed by the tailoring-fifteen Jggjgper cent, comes from the designing.FACT!A mnrrinse license was issuedTuesday to Mr. Hornce Sargent Baconand Miss Melvma M. riarnson.A marriage license was issuedvosfprrinv hv Countv Clerk Paton toMr. Rlvav Courtney and Misa StellaSswell. They were united in marriage by Squire L. J. Fretwell in hisoffice in the court house.Grammar School Commencement.The third annual commencement ofthe grammar school department of theParis Public Schools, was held in theauditorium Wednesday evening, andwas largely attended.TVia intMrp.stinor nroorram was complete in every detail. The allegoricdrama entitled "The World's Work."participated in by Edward McShsme,Robert Mitchell, uugene maer, uennis Snapp, Robert Lusk, ThomasKerns, Christine Bramblette and4 LinaCrowe, members ot the grammar deartment, was -a piece of exceptionalmerit and well acted by the1 members"A "Convention , of the Muses" inwhich Gertrude Slicer, Mary Brannon,Katherine Kenney, Marie Scott, Helenn.-,i;a p.mpo Mcflnrrf. Patav Clark.Jerome Chapman and .Ellen Henrytook part, was another pleasing andinteresting feature of the program.At intervals the High SchOsl Banddiscoursed music and High SchoolChorus rendered "Up and Away" inadmirable style.Following the close of the exercisesDr. F. L. Laasley, Secretary of theBoard of Education, pre3 ented certificates to the members of the grammarclass. . kRELIGIOUS. 'Special For This wcck:4. r 4 cit TT T J i ' . .A T-Iai il rtl-koLadies ooua ous. nose, unen ioc auu ncti, u "'V....flMsWC JBHBHBBbW 15 SSBBBBWgilllllllSllllllSPllBFWmmwmmmm mwmwmm5&.OTiriiiuniiiiiwwKmmiiiuiiiiiiuiiniiniiHiiiiiiiiuiiiiHiiiJiiiiiiniiuiiniiiimHiniiiiiuMmimiuHiiHI FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.P1iimjfijjp1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standara.4 Linen canvas stays, coldwater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.6 All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttons shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps."8 Edging silk st titchedbyhand.9 Every tailor a "benchbred" custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines, noskimping or schamping.miHitJfpIcWhen you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the "air" ana me wear tuu wwc rfinest materials procurably right through and time-taking mhand tailoring all through $18 to $32 50, x gPrice & CoRev. Dr. Henry Scudder.'of Carlisle, Sunday celebrated the fiftyfourth anniverary of hia pastorate ofthe Elizaville Presbyterian church inFleming county. The church was.organized fifty-nine years ago.Owing to the dedication servicesat the Methodist church Sunday morning there will be no preaching at theChristian, church Sunday morning.Sunday school at the usual hour.Elder, Morgan will preach Sundayevening.Services at Baptist church nextSunday night only. Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will preach on "What is SaltThe services will begin at 7:30. Asthis will be the last service the pastorwill be at for a few weeks he is anxious for all to be out.Rev. and Mrs. E.M. Lightfoot willleave Monday morning to atxepa- iiwBaptist World Alliance at Philadelphia.They will visit the sea shore fora xewdavs nnor to the Alliance meetingwhich begins June i ana uwt uumiJune 25. Mrs. Lightfoot is a delegateto the meeting of the women ot weWorld.No services at the Presbyterianchurch Sunday raorniugr on ccoiiiit ofthe dedication services at theJltf tnodist church Sunday morning, h pasa rS- n m Qhivt. will nreach Oltthe Hopewell Presbyterian v church. IUsual services at tne rwniwnwcharch Sunday evening. Praj'BHtinx hai been changed .from. Tnasday.afternoon ta Wedatdayi niMT?tci.Qipvrra,9.ySuits at Special Prices65 SUITSLadies' and Misses' Choice Styles and Colors.Worth Regularly from $20 to $35Choice Now $9.98Alterations ExtraNever has any house in Central Kentuckyoffered such Suits as these at $9.98COME EARLY1 Wash Goods in a Big Variety of Patterns.&shagFrank & Co.Paris, - - Kentucky5-UtiiRi3iiiinininmitwtiiiiiiHiimiuiurwtttwNUWIW1HUoaosKXBfresssssMSBMJ!- VL. - .ISiHP Clothiers.l i ' r "Vw.w . C xV JffW3er..Kgx.-. - ,-&- fiTHE BOURBON NEWS PAlU&jftjgUCKY, JUNE 9,WyKinrraTiTHE' i"NEWSIHlTCsisfj"BOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. ,320 MAIN STREET.The instinct cf modesty natural to every woman is often agreat hindrance to the cure of womanly diseases. "Womenshrink from the personal1 questions of the local physicianwhich seem indelicate. The thought of examination is abhorrent to them, and so they endure in silence a conditionof disease which surely progresses from bad to worse.St has been Dr. Pierce's prlvllco to enre agreat many -women veho have found a refusefor modesty in his offer of FREE consultstion by letter. Till correspondence is heldas sacredly confidential. Zddress Dr. R. V.Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription restores and regulatesthe womanly functions, abolishes pain and builds up andputs the finishing touch of health on every weak womanwho gives it a fair trial.It Makes Weak Women Strong,Sick Women Well.You can't afford to accept a secret nostrum as a substitutefor this noa-alcoholic medicine of known composition.U'iJ:fAVi;ii:USWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow er.-nEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Seqpnd-claaa Mail Matter.Established in 188 J 2JT Years of Continuous PublicationA.:5hTTmrDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue ; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.t 'Easily laid can be laid right over wood shingles if necessaryFireproof Stormproof Last as long as the building and neverneed repairs. Tor further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.- ,r rBOURBm&JSilence111. ' X. If j' V ri 'ffi' iff'XI J IhuiHJJ 1 T" - - ' i "IMaaaaaj , BrI VnaaaaVES" ' " rT aaaaWMP fJsmJaBHaPfPORIGINALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality dhtinguislics our Monuments from all otJicrs, while prices arereasonable. "Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than thatof all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.NONE BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams & Son," 142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working in the Gardenis4-r .i.MM -1 ,T cs'-V "I.-; y ".' Xvaevv:,!r''"LOWBY & TALBOTTParis, K!erLt-u.c5L"V"is a real pleasure if you M avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get aiv-'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before.ONE YEAR,L.00 j SIX MONTHS. . Payable in Advance$1.00The Soil Affects Wool.Farmerrf used to hoot at the ideathat soils had any noticeable effectupon wool but is now vary generally 'recognized that they do, and one whosays his soil is not good for wool growing is no longer laughed at, says theFarmers' Home Journal. Sheep lieupon the ground a great deal ; the air !in summer is conetantly full of particles of dust, and there is no reasonwhy if the soil contains chemicalsdetrimental to wool, the fleece maynot be affected by it. An alkaline soilparticularly has a harmful effect uponwool. A neutral or acid soil such asclay or sand is best for woo production. The reason why alkali is detrimental is that when it comes in contact with the soil it saponifies itEvery one is familiar with this principle, it being exemplified in the production of soft soap by the combination of lye and grease. When the oilsaponifies, it no longer keeps thescales soft. They stand out in all directions and rub each other. Suchharsh, dry fleeces never command agood price on the market, for theycannot be used in the producthn otJudging Contest.Commissioner of Agriculture ofKentucky has announced that he willoffer a scholarship of one hundred dollars in cash to the farm boy in Kentucky who does the must efficient workin judging classes of horses, cattle,sheep and swine at the Kentucky StateFair in Septenber. The scholarshipis to be used by the winner in pursuing an agricultural, course at the StateUniversity of Kentucky. No entrancefees are required and every farm boywho is ambitious to secure an edcuation should write to CommissionerRankin immediately for entranceblanks so that he miy get into thecontest.STOCK; CROP AND FARM NOTESfine woolens. It is not at all uncommon to find a fleece that is good on the 'back, but harsh and unpliabl? on the isides, and, underneath, showing very1clearly that contact with the soil hasdetrimentally affected itas.twsvassttBourbon Laundry ID.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.r fHi:' mmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaWaaaaaaMaaaaaaaaaaa)wwOffice Opp. Postoffice. H)sA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usfr trof. vrmr lnnnrJrv rmf. tVt.day we promise it, and its ijffquality is guaranteed. Give cus a trial order. You'll not Vregret it.Pumice.The value of the pumice produced inthe United States in kl909 was $83,439and that of the pumice imported wasnearly three times as great, accordingto the figures recently published bythe United Sates Geological Survey.The native supply comes pricnipallyfrom deposits in Harlan and Lincolncounties, Nebr. Pumice is an acidicvolcanic rock, which may e in eithermassive or nneiy comminuted torm.It ows its peculiar porous, vesicular,or pumiceous condition to the rapidexpansion of included moisture nrgases due to sudden release of pressure at t,he time of its ejection fromthe vticano. This expansion may becarried to fcuch an extent that the rockis completely shattered, and the resultant finely powdered material maybe carried to unknown distances bywind and air currents and then deposited in beds several feet thick. TheNebraska deposits mentioned are usually considered to have originated inthis way.For rtadium Baths.At St. Joachimstahl, Bohemia, wherethe Austrian government has its radium laboratory, a large bathing establishment is being erected for baths inthe radio-active water taken from thepitchblende mine there.Total receipts of live stock on theChicago market for the week endingMay 27 were 5C..400 cattle, 139,300hogs, and 91,200 sheep. The week'sreceipts, compared with the previousweek in round numbers increased 1,100cattle, 3,800 hogs and 24,200 sheep.Compared with the correspondingweek a year ago cattle increased 7,400,hogs 21,200 and sheep 33,100. The average prices of live stock as compiledby the Drovers Journal were cattie$5.95, hogs $5.91, sheep $4.75 and lambs$6.00. ( On the corresponding week oflast year the averages were, cattle,$7.50, hoga $9.55. sheep $5.20 andlambs $8.10. The general averagefrom 1901 to 1910 were cattle $5.90.hogs $6.38, sheep's $5.10 and lambs$6.60.iMercer county will have a fairthis year. At ajmeeting of the citizens of Harrodsburg recently $5,000 instock was disposed of at $200 pershare. The dat for the fair is set fcrAugust 8 to 11, inclusive.Farmers are just finishing Tplantitg corn in Nicholas county. The cornacreage is much larger than usual, butha3 received a late start. In manysections of Montgomery county cornhas been planted. Many groweishave finished while some few haverelpanted.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.rW " i mi i'n ' jgWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. Try&rBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.QSS3SQKSSS2Xg53mi n Tiif f "ni'itiOJ'oNew Fangled Rat Traps.Mrs. Campbell.who lives nearCurdsville, doesn't waste money enrat traps any more, says the Harrodsburg Herald. She has one that isbetter than any kind ever patented.It is a barrel with the top hoops offand the staves slightly sprung apart.There was some meal in the bottom ofthe barrel and one day last weekwhen she removed the top there wasan even dozen dead rats hanging byone foot between the cracks in thestaves. feThey had been caught in attempting to get out.Bourbon Laundry,Paris. Kentucky,;44$wfff&ou onJ i fiisy JtereWe S2oth Xosex Ttfoneiflor Sale Privately iChautauquaDESIRABLE LAKEResidence Property' ON SECOND STREET.I ffer for sale privately ray frameriiieace corner of Second street andjJUeto avenue. Coutains five rooms.tw balls, bath, pantry, back andfr t porches; cellar under entirehac ; gas throughout; water in yarda4 boBa; sewer connection. Therastiimrff fronts on Second street, andis J"-xtrmely desirable; fine t-hadetra Mf all sid -s. Immediate possessm ota'a given.Ft pactive purchasers invited to inspMttlM premises.,. JdtMS. Made known on applicaM U the Mftiersigned.JOHNARKLE.12 fcT Home Phone 211.ANNOUNCEMENTS.wavtkorizod to announci l-mt O. OUy aa a candidate 'for Rep .t' laaadaHn i the Ljrie)a:;ur6 frompttaNi ceaurty, sbjct to the actiontte Pwaocrattc part .is best reached by theErie R. R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJaae 1 to Sept. 3t.Special 30 -Day ExcursionsMy S a4 27Sfumattr Excvrsia Ticketson sale to New York Gty and all Eastern TMOTtf .Stop-over at Chautauqua Lake and Niagara Falls permitted on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or writeJ. H. Webster, Genl Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Gncinnati, O? for 'further information.MISS JESSIE BROWNf wArt EmbroideryMaterials,Doll and Fancy Noreltk.ErTenn. 'Phone 716 .,AIf you are not in the habit of getting your clothing and furnishings here,it will pay you to investigate our goodsand prices before making your nextpurchase. We like to have you comparevalues. This store always wins with theman who compares. . . .Summer Shirts jFor Particular Men .&You'll find here the right shirt for everyoccasion business, outing or dress,.'50cto 12.00. . iStraw Hats $1 to $3In the season's correct shapes andiofparticularly desirable qualities' attheprices we ask. ' Jl-everything men and Citile men WearBennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, latn ;9trcct, ,PARIS. - - j.dsfi. vaal'aaC aW. I Taafl I aat aV mMSISISI6?SSMR IKSSSbWE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUIIDUK, LAI Hi, iMSHINGLES, POSTS, SCTtCUBC nrrwc- V9jnjiiLj, VUUK3,5LINDS, HARD ANDSOFT COAL," aaaaaaaSlllaWw ! Mm w mMX) laaaWaur 41 lZf ,' KamaaaaaaVHUv jaaaawV) laVk 3 vmYJi nmmrwKL AFOR GOODNESSSiAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing.BUY OUR LUMBER. ggFor durableness, goodness, drynes3, soundness it can't be beatNo better lumber ever grew. JjfWe have the stock, it's sound and dry; yfWe make the prices, too! ' fjCWe figure low, and that, you know. ' J5Means everything to you! yg TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.&sss?ss:s3tsxssSEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDror renaoie telenhone sptvipa hnfh londLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour-bon Countr Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Littler Rock andRuddles Mills."When'you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.'7The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedra mNotice! Poultry RaisersnVfaajBBaaaaaaaaaaaaaamaaamwawOaaa111 iimux.Cholera. Gaoes. Limbernerk Dnun rnUorKuZVzZr Diarrhoea and all hivav nf PmiitrvZcZZlZZTT, rZTtmJTKaMjr' Hm KcMm I k.eer J." Mii mi 4, IHL LTwmt. BardclMM Kw ! ca. ji -''-Tr"" " ijp"JOMaY14 Gfs. Vaden & Sonir-tt'&& -4 J''BOURBON,-NEVfekfRiXENJUCkY, JUNE 9, 1911r -. ; they.1SIAL'l1. nj-"- 3&$g3&3& - . 'w'Xiaw: '.;' ti - : -j i" fcv, ' JT V r-rAvji. i'tm'Ji.vv KVM .s'-J s'?S-SS..C'ten?Jar-")&sJJ,:7r V'rZSZZrf ""-. iNEWDEDICATION JUNE II.New Methodisl Church lo be Dedicated Sunday With AppropriefeCeremonies Brief Historv ofParis Church.The new. Methodist Church, South,will be dedicated Sunday, June 11. andthe members of that congregation areplanning to have present atiheseivices, an ur usually large gathering of,BISHOP II. C. MORRISON"people from everv religious denomination. The members of this church havebeen putting forward every effort, inthe past few weeks, to have the structure in shape to bo dedicated on theREV. O. B. CROCKETT,Pastor of Paris M. E. Church.above date, and everything will be inreadiness to carry out the program asarranged.The Methodist Church was destroyedjby fire on the night of Dec. 29, 1909,Fhortlv after the last dollar of indebtedness had been paid. The members iof the church had been tireless in theirefforts to free the structure from debt,and having succeeded, they were congratulating themselves on the wonderful work that they had accomplished,when the fire wiped out the structure,which the members had worked yearsto pay for, in a few hours.Hardly had the fire died away beforethey were planning for another houseof worship, and they all went to workdetermined that Paris should have another Methodist Church. The .plansand spccnc&tions were secured and accepted, and the work started, and ithas lean pushed as ranidly as possible,With tie reEillt that th?y have an ele-..nawt ? wwBK,wg3wy . aaewrizMETHODIST CHURCH,H. A. POWER.gant stone structure of imposing appearance, at the corner of Pleasant andSeventh stroets, of which we to-dayprint a half-tone picture on page 3.The inside arrangements are bothconvenient and attractive. The equipment is modern and up-to-date, andeveiything that goes towards the making of an ideal house of worship is embodied in the new church.Those who made possible the beautiful structure, to be dedicated Sundayare the ladies of the church, who havelabored unceasingly, and other members of the congregation, assisted bythe general public, who have so lih-J erally assisted in every way possible,j and to them full credit should be givenfor the erection of this imposing newi edifice that is an ornament to Paris.Paris, Ky., June 4, 1911.Whereas. The Methodist congregation has been highly favored the lasteighteen months by being accorded theuse of Bourbon couuty's handsomecourt house, and,"Whereas, the members of the FiscalCourt of Bourbon county, kindlygranted the use of the court house to theMethodist congregation, and.Whereas, the citizens of Bourboncounty in general, approved this actionof the Fiscal Court, and.Whereas, the Jailer of Bourboncounty, has personally supervised theopening of the courthouse on each Sunday morning during the last eighteenmonths at a great inconvenience tohimself, and yet has done so gladly andgraciously,Therefore, we, the pastor and members of the Steward Board of theMethodist Church, acknowledge onbehalf of the entire membership of thechurch, the debt of gratitude we oweto all parties above mentioned, and weare profoundly grateful to all for tneesteemed favor bestowed upon us. BeftResolved, that the action of thismeeting relative to the use of thecourthouse, be printed in all of the local papers, that the citizens' of Bourbon county may know that we appreciate the use of their courthouse.OPHEL B. CROCKETT,Paster.E. B JANUARY,Chairman Board Stewards.H. A POWER,JAMES McCl.URE,E. M. WHEELER,JAMES SMITH,GEO. W. CHAPMAN,CHAS. N FITHIAN.CHARLES A. DUNCAN.The foundation is constructed ofregular courses of pitcn-faced grayRockcastle stone. The main wall isbuilt of the same stone in broken ashler woik, with cut stone trimmings. Theroof is of slate, with galvanized ironcornices.The main entrance to the auditoriumis under the Gothic tower at the cornerand has two sets of blue Rockcastlestone steps, one from each street leading in to a comfortable tiled floor vestibule, separated from the main audi-tonum by glass ny doors. Anotnervesnouie is uibo pruvjucuuHocvcm,.streetat the intersection of the Sundayschool rooms.with the mam auditorium.From this vestibule a set of fly doorsleads into the auditorium and anotherPARIS,KY.of the same construction leads into theSunday school rooms.Entering this vestibule from thestreet, a stairway to the left, leads tothe primary class room, a -beautifulroom 21x42 feet, finished in naturalhard pine, with property room and lavatory adjoining.The building has been planned with aspecial view to take caredf a modern,up-to-date Sunday school. The classrooms are well arrange.!, and are separated from each other and the" lectureroom by accordion doois.A rising partition separates the mainroom from the Sunday school or lectureroom, and is operated by a windlass 'inthe basement.The large audience room thus madeis circular in shape, and the perfectacoustics permit the ordinary tones ofa speaker to be easily heaid in verypart of the house.The interior fini-h is miich dark oak;and the handso:ie pic igan, towardwhich Andiew Carnegie contributed$1,000, is of Ihc .nime finish, with gilded pipes. Th" wwic. jw.s ; re of beautiful tinted art glu.ss, and tne churcH isheated with the Moline Vapor system.The light fixtures piovide for bothelectric light and gas.The pews are models of elegance andcomfort, and were made by the VaughtFurniture Company, of Parkef Ind.The building which has been so subsubstantially constructed, has a seatingcapacity of about 900, including thetwo audience rooms.Paris and Bourbon county people haveshown deep interest and just pride inthe erection of this splendid house ofworship, which is an ornament to thecity. It has been built at great effortand sacrifice upon the part of some ofthe members. The church is indeed abeautiful structure, built at a cost ofabout 530,000, and the Methodist congregation and the pastor, Rev. O. B.Crockett, are to be congratulated uponits completion.Too much praise cannot be given thebuilding committee, consisting ofMessrs. Henry A. Power, James McClure, James Smith, C. A-. B-uncan,George W. Chapman and E.B.Januarytfor the careful and conscientious discharge of the trust imposed upon themby the members of the church Theyhave spared neither time nor pajns inthe fulfillment of their duty.The eood women and children of the"church, too, have added their share ofwork and funds to the erection of thishandsome edifice, and by their effortshave contributed about $1,500 towardthe furnishings.A program has been arranged for thededication services, and Bishop H. C.Morrison, of Leesburg, Florida, willpreach the dedicatory sermon at 11o'clock Sunday morning, June 11.Rev. J. L. Clarke, a much belovedformer pastor, who was recently elected President of Kentucky WesleyanCollege, will preach the evening sermon at 7:30.All former pastors have been invitedto be present at the dedicatory services.The music for the occasion will beunder the direction of Mrs. Henry A:Power, an important feature of whichwill be the congregational singing.The choir, however, will be assisted byMiss Mary,' Dan Harbeson, soloist, ofFlemingsburg, and Miss Harriet Poynter, violinist, of Shelbyville.Miss Harbeson will be rememberedas the vocalist who rendered such beautiful solos during the meeting whichwas conducted last winter at the Second PresbyterianChurch by Rev.FfankWright, the Indian evangelist.Miss Poynter is the talented daughter of 'Rev. Dr and Mrs. W. T. Poynter, formerly of Paris, where Dr.Poynter was pastor of the MethodistChurch,, and did much by his practicalearnest efforts to upbuild and strengthen the church. Later he took chargel ot beience Will College, at Shelbyville,I of which, since his death, his wife,Mrs.Poynter, formerly Miss Clara Martm,ofParis, has been the President.The Methodist Church in Paris wasorganized more than a century Cago, in1807. For a period of about ten yearsthe preaching was in private houses,principally at the home of MorganFrancis, later occupied by 'Squire D.BFlanagan, where the business house ofDavid Feld now stands.In the year 1817, mainly through' thezealous energy of Peter Schwartweiler,whose name has been and always willbe handed down in the annals of thechurch history, a neat brick rhurchWas built on Pleasant street, adjoiningthe lot upon which the present struct-,ure has been erected. The congrega-tion being weak, the house was-not-en-tirely completed until 1820 .tFor some years thtjchurclf was"-; infeeble con3ition, probably owing to thef acjLthat there were several other regular preaching stations of this denomination in Bourbon county, one of whichwas at Mt. Gilead, . only three milesfrom Paris on the Maysville pike. Inspite of difficulties it grew in numbersand influence and in I860 a new churchwas erected upon the same aite as thefirst one.It was a comfortable, substantialbrick building, seating over three hundred persons. Without exception themembers'ascribed the success of theenterprise to the energy uand liberalityof John D. Hearne, then a merchantof this' city, and who died a few yearsago in Covington.His name and influence will alwaysbe held in loviner memory by the Meth-o lists of Paris.Until 1865 Paris was included" in acircuit, having preaching only once ortwice a month. In the autumu of thatyear it was made a station, and Rev.Wm. F. Taylor was appointed its firstpastor. During his pastorate of fouryears the membership increased fromseventy-five to one hundred and fiftyfour. The Rev. Wm. F. Taylor was succeeded by Rev. James C. Morris, heremaining four years, and though manywere added to the church during thatperiod, yet the actual membership decreased to one hundred and thirtyeight on account of removals, deaths,e'tc.Rev. W. T. Poynter followed theRev. Mr. Morris, and the church prospered greatly during his pastorate offour years. Its financial plans werewell executed under his skillful management, and he left the church ingood working order. Dr. Poynter reported a membership of two hundredi and one on the first of January, 1876.The following is a list of the officersat that time:OFICERS OF CHURCH IN 1896.Stewards John T. McClure, W. A.Osborn, John L.Trundie, John J.Shaw,Jonathan Owen, Gray Smith and Samuel M. Richardson. Trustees H. M.Rucker, W. H. Wainright, JosephScott, Dr. Wash Fithian and Wm. H.Crosthwait. Officers of the SundaySchool - Samuel M. Richardson, superintendent; Edw. R. Fithian, secretary;Chas.N.Fithian and Swiney Ray, librarians. Dr.Poynter was followed by Rev.Dr.E. H. Pearce, who remained only oneyear at this time, but was subsequently returned by the Kentucky Conference for a second term. Rev. Dr. Jas.A. Henderson succeeded Dr. Pearce fortvvo years. Nxt earne Rev. J. 0. A.Vaught, whose pastorate was very successtul 'Hie officers in 18S2 were as follows:Stevaids - James. iMc'Jlure, GraySmith,John i rundlj, SvJty Lilleston, E. P.Gamble an I Etiward R. Fithiao.Trustees H. M. hucker and Dr. WashFithian.- Rev. A'exand-. r Redd was the nextpastor, anu then loiiuwed Rev. W. T.Roland, Rev. Dr. J. M. Boland, Rev.C. J. Nugent, Rev. Harry V. Mooreand Rev. Dr. E. G. B. Mann.It was during Dr. Mann's pastoratethat the congregation began to realizethat the old church building was inadequate to their deeds, and steps weretaken which resulted in the erection of ahandsome stone church on the corner ofSeventh and Pleasant streets, which isalso the site of the new building. Thiswas completed in 1898 and dedicated onOctober 31, the sermon being preachedby Rev. Dr. Gilby C. Kelly.Here the congregation happily worshipped froe from debt and with glorious prospects, when misfortune befellthem, and their beautiful church homewas destroyed by fire on Wednesdaynight, Dec. 29, 11)09, just after the midweek prayer service.The corner-stone which remained intact together with part of the wallsand foundation, bears the three dates,1817, 1860 and 1897.The pastors who ministered to thecongregation in this house of worshipwere Rev. Dr. E. G. B. Mann, Rev. J.L. Clarke, Rev. Leonidas Robinson,Rev. J. P. Strother, Rev. M.T. Chandler and Rev. O. B. Crockett, who began his services last October.The Stewards are: E. B. January,Henry A. Power. James McClure, Geo.W. Chapman, James Smith, CA.Duncan, E. M. Wheeler and Chas. rJ. Fithian. Trustees -James McClure, HenryA Power and Chas. N. Fithian.The Sunday school is in a flourishingcondition, with an enrollment of 226,and average attendance of 160. Mr.H.A. Power is superintendent; ShermanSnapp, secretary, Fithian Faries, assistant secretary; Miss Louie Bruer,treasurer. Miss Rebecca Irby andProf. G. W. Chapman ha e charge ofthe adult Bible classes, and Mrs. H. A.Power is a teacher of the primary department. Other teachers are: Mrs.I?awrence Dickerson, Miss LouieBruer,Miss Alice Ford, Mr. C. A. Duncan,Rev. O. B. Crockett, jiiss MarthaMattox, Miss Minnie Shy, Mrs. WashWebb, Mrs. Cornc W. Baird, Miss SueFord, Mr. James Smith, Mrs. GeorgeEllis and Mrs. Thos. Arkle.Rev. O. B. Crockett recently organized a school in South Paris known asthe Nineteenth Stioit Sunday School,which has an enrollment of U2, and israpidly increasing in interest and attendance, with Rev. Crockett as superintendent.All departments of the church workre in splendid condition, and in orderto give further impetus to its activities the dedication ot the new house ofworship will be followed immediatelyby a series of meetings conducted byRev. J. L. Clarke.k Electrical Culinary Utensils.v Electrical culinary utensils are generally odorless, being made on thevacuum principle, by which tfie vapors are retained Inside the receptacle. Checking Motion of Ship.In actual practice the rolling ofships In the sea has been reduced from11 per cent to 2 per cent by theinvention of HerrFfaftn of Hamburg.His systeit makes use of water tanksextending through the hold transversely from one side of tile boat to the other and th passage of the water fromone side of the boat to the other effectually checks the motion of th:boats -Bad Record of Baltic SeaThe Baltic sea ha the gfeateetwreck record of any body of waterin the world. It averages one'a. dayall the year round.Red the Popular Color.Red is the color loved by the Bulgarians and few dresses there are notenriched with its brightness. Theirdyes are all their own and the redruns to a dark dullness almost infringing on crimson that is a secret carefully guarded and cannot be replacedoutside the mountain fastnesses of thelittle state itself.Kentucky Fair Dates-The following are the dates fixedfor holding the Kentucky Fairs for1911 as far as reported. Officers offairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown July 25 5 days.Lancaster, July 26 3 days.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 2 3 days.Berea, August 3,-3 days.Lexington, August 7 G days.Uniontown, August S D days.Taylorsville, August 8 4 days.Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabethtown, August 9 1 days.Lawrenceburg, Angust 154 days.Leitchfield, August 154 days.Burkesville, August 15 4 days.Brodhead, August 10 3 days.Fern Creek, August 16 3 days.Shepherdsville, August 224 days.London, August 22 i days.Hardinsbui-g. August 22 3 days.Shelbyville, August 22 4 days.Liberty, August 23 3 days.Erlanger, August 23 i days.Germantown, August 243 days.Nicholasville, Augnst 29 3 days.Somerset, August 294 days.Bardstown, August 304 days.Franklin, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 46 days.Monticelio, September 5 4 days.Alexandria, September 5 5 days.Mount Olivet, September 5 4 days.Hodgenville, September o 3 days.Sanders, September (5 4 days.Kentucky State Fair, Louisville,Saptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 20 4 days.Glasgow, September 27 1 days.Maylield, September 27 4 days.Martin Bros,,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVfAwmmSunday, Juiiq 11, ?11.BASE BALLCincinnati vs. New YorkFare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:30 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onsppcial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.1111! ill HIS 1Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure.botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesand burns ; shifting pains ; bad breath ;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in .this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheimedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cmre. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottJe, with directions for home cure.Shuio 3:nt free by writiRg Blood:.n b Atlanta, Ga. DescribeV'TQr trcti'jle nd free medical advicegi.vn. . ziLv Varden & Hon.LIQUID CURES ECZEMA KWHERE SALVE FAHj t SIn regard to skii rtfr t r i m' dkiif -C -authoritiesart nowazreq&.tja. ,Doiii't imprison th disease rsrnfai- .your skin by the use of greasy, salvsfcand thus encourage thsm to nrttiily.A true cure of, all eczVmatous disease acan be brought about only byesiag th 'healing agents in the form of -a hVjwW. 'WASH THE GERMS OUT.. JLsimple wash: A compound of Oil oCWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingrdients as combined in the D. D'DwlV-Prescription, penetrates to tae disease tgerms and destroys' it, then sootAeand heals the skin as nothiag elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start tkscure, and give you instant relief. ,VFor Sale by G. S. Varden & Son1.FOR RENT: rStoreroom corner Fourth and Mainstreets. Apply to '-I. L. PRICE or2 3t JAMES WILLS.Fresh Caught"FishThis Week.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. IlesBsssssstiesalMAN'S DEBT rFOSTBSTirHealth, Strength, Vignr, Viiiiity:IBS BCCS Or SXQffLEESH ! ZHKFJOW YOURSELFA Beacon Uglit tor Every Stan. JFrrc bymail, sealed, to those onclosiac Tcu Cchih instamp, tor postage, etc. worth ltd weiLt iacold to any discouraged, sucirin? man. ihiibook contains vital facts on acute and , c! r liednei-e-i, including Xertroa and I-h;-uJDebility Exhausted iillty. .MrertVaricocele and til JIeac and Debl.slie of ilen from whatever cause : how pvduced, how cured ; alo Klood Poison, it ternf !aresults; its conqueror by medical science in aslatest and most remarkable victory, pulling thefansfs of this awful malady and making Jtcu -.land easily curable. Write for it todav.Address the Dr. IOL,tE nfKTlTCTS8uite One. Columbia Theater Bld?.,CinciBBati.O.Famous for almost a score of years ia tiacinaa.ias a Specialist to Hen.To Consumers oWATER:Your attention is called to the:following rule:The use of hose is limitedto two hours per day, anH in.no case to be used betweenthe hours of 9 p. m. and 5a.', m.Many persons are allowing- hoserto be run on gardens at night..You will please observe theatxivft ,rule, as I will see this is done. ;For each violation of the aboverule a fine of $2 will be' imposed,and if not paid, water will be mshut off. 'Paris Water Co.,-NEWTON MITCHELL, Supt.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a seaeralContractinsfanctr.Buildingj Margolen s; jvt" ttI have been a builder for the pail:"twenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I wi44 bglad to furnish you estimates o 'ortnotice. The best of refermes f ocnished. Call on me at FcdKroHotel, or call up Home hwt 37. EastTenn. phone 128-2. ' yW. C. HESTERN j'v:v . i :'A-" w7?Sj"5?!Mifc('i!t riZv-s.2 -rKs ,-KJi:.:i'a.!i1.- ' , JTHE BOURBON- NEWSJ 'jgBJpijlJJy'iiail,'V;r,"VIIINEARING THE ENDThe Greatest Piano Sale Ever Attempted in Paris, Ky.PIANOS $35. PIANO PLAYERS $350Positively every Piano must be sold at once regardless of former prices and terms. We mustsell this stock at once. That means you will have to act quickly to avail yourself of thisprice saving opportunity. Prices reduced as never before in the Piano business. Thechance of a life time.1One fine $500 Piano now ;.....$ 35 Two fine $500 Pianos now $250One fine $450 Piano now 150 Two fine $450 Pianos now 210Two fine $400 Pianos now 195 One fine $600 Piano now 275Stool, Cover, Delivery, Tuning All Free.Do you know that the most remarkable Piano Sale of the Twentieth Century is nearingan end. Do you know that High-Grade New Standard Pianos that's been continuously on themarket for the past fifty years, can now be purchased at a saving of from $100 to 200. Reflect, consider, compare; then call at our ware-rooms and inspect our bargain line of Pianos.We are only too glad to place one of these Pianos in your home, FREE, to prove the worth.Old instruments taken in exchange.Time is precious if you want one of these bargains, so come Saturday or Monday and seefor yourself. Easy payments.JAS. J. McCourt Piano Co.334 Main Street, Opd. Agricultural Bank, Paris, Ky.. ''jfrfi't&$ kf,.:!3S3S-S33MRtmiMMJ0WMImmZLWu-t-'..-.-"" -ir?3$TOfK -r 4 I r 7"1tft W&u7r 'g !'' iff 'I1 'rjjjjTBMHPiTHERE'S ECONOMY IN THE NAMEWHEELERTTJEiTiCgBgRWHEN APPLIED TO REFRIGERATORSAnd it's the name that you must look for when choosing your REFRIGERATOR, if you would have the economical Refrigerator.The best of boxes through and through. It's the box that will perfectly preserve, at the minimum cost, all your food.ye stand back of and fully guarantee every box to give the bestof satisfaction$6.75, $9.50, $12.75, $15.00, $18.50UP TOF. WHEELER FURNITURE COMPANYCHAS. GREEN, Manager.fiiiri Sis.flftftACit fAUrt Uamca 'ncwi i jive uiimvna.?TUESDAY. J,-In a well playedjgame at RichmondTuesday the Pioneers won from Parisby k'scove of 4-to -3. Sensational fielding on the part of both the Paris andRichmond players kept the score down.Goodman and Poland did some sensational stunts inthe outer garden forthe locals, the former making a grandone-handed catch and the latter, running to the center field fence, pulleddown a long drive.Foursome runs were scored duringthe' contest, two of which were madeby Davis, one by Whi taker and one byGoodman. A double and triple in theeighth counted the winning run forRichmond. The score :Richmond 10010101 x 4Paris 0 0 0 10 0 0 2 03Batteries Paris, Hauser and Alayer, Richmond, Wills and Haines. HitsParis 9, Richmond 7. Errors Paris1, Richmond 2. Struck out by Wills1, by Hauser 6. Base on balls offWills 1. Two base hits Olson. Sacrifice hit Maxwell. Three base hitsBarnett 2, Whitaker. Home runsWhitaker, Davis 2, Goodman. Hit bypitcher Mayer. Left on bases Richmond 4, Paris 8. Earned runs Richmond 4. Paris 3. Time 1 :30.- UmpireFeyWEDNESDAY.The second game of the series withthe Pioneers at Richmond Wednesdaywent tu Paris by a score of 6 to 4.The contest was exciting from thestart."Pap Whittaker laced out a homerun in the first inning counting thefirst run for the Pioneers.Paris, used three pitchers, Schrauderofficiated on the mound for seven innings when he was relieved by Harold.Hauser held the Pioneers down in thelast frame. The score :Richmond 11000002 04Paris 0 10 12 0 0 1 16Batteries-rParis, Schrauder, Harold,Hauler and Mayer; Richmond.Craegerand Haines. Hits Paris 9, Richmond8. Errrors Paris 2, Richmond 5.Struck "out by Schrauder 4,, byCreager 3, by Harold 1, by Hauser 2.Bases on balls off Schrauder 3, offCreager 1, off Hauser 1. Stolen basesMaxwell. Hits off Schrauder 7 in7 innings, off Harold 1 in 1 inning.Sacrifice hits Walden, Ureager. Sacrifice fly Streiker. Three base hits'Mayer, Harrell. Home run Whittaker. Tvvo base hits Poland. Harrell. Double plays Barnett. Harrell.Hit by pitcher -Mayer, McKernan.Earned runs Richmond 2, Pari3 2.Time 1:45. Umpire Feye.THURSDAY.Yesterday Paris won the last gameof the series from Richmond by theclose score of 2 to 1. Shears pitchedfor Paris. Paris won in the sixth inning when with McKernan on secondMayer put the ball over the fence fora nome run.Streiker, the Paris center fielder,was given his release Tursday andimmediately signed up with the Pioneers. Poland, formerly with theMaysville club has signed with theParis club and is now cavorting overthe center garden. Poland has alwayslooked good and it is the belief he willprove a valuable man to the local club.Littrell in Paris.Hon. LC. Littrell, of Owen county, was in the city yesterday in theinterest of his candidacy for Superintendent of Public Instruction.Closing Out Price.One lot. of Sage Bros.' trimmed andtailored hats, worth from $5 to $7.50,to he closed out this week at $2.9S.HARRY SIMON.. Police Court.In Police Court Wednesday the caseagainst Oliver Crowe, charged with abreach of the peace and carrying concealed weapons. ' was dismissed, andthe cases against Win. and Pete English continued. Michael Guilfoyle ona charge of drunkenness was fined $10,and Rich Mullen and Plenry Mastersonfor tne same olfensa were fined $10and $7.50 respectively.Just Received.slip-KELUS' SHOE STORE.Maysville Here fr Tw Games.The Rivermen will come to Paristomorrow for two gamer, with theBourbonites Saturday and Sunday.Maysville has pulled out of the slumpshe has endured for the past fewweeks and is putting up a class of ballnow that will make the best set upand take notice.Sunday an excursion will be runfrom the river town and a large number of roters will be here to boost fortheir home club The game tomorrowafternoon will be called at 3:15 andthe Sunday game at 3. Box seats onsale at Varden's drug store.LOST.Between Fordham Hotel and cemetery gate on Main street, a fountainpen. Finder please return to thisoffice and receive reward.LOST.White setter bitch with black ears,black spots on legs and b-dy. Suitablereward for return toGRANT OVERBY.EXECUTOR'S SALE.Best Paying Real Estate in City of Paris.ON THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1911,at the hour of 1:30 o'clock p. m.Conveyances will Leave Office of Harris &SpeakesPromptly on the Hour.As excutors of the estate of Jephtha Lancaster, deceased thundersigned will, on THURSDAY, JUNE 15,1911, beginning atthe hour of 1:30 p.m., sell at public outcry the following real estatelocated in the city of Paris:N0- 1- I NO. 20.Located at 551 Vine street, one half Singer's Alley, double house Nos 78interest to be sold: is 4-room frame land 785. fnnr r. ,.., r o.TT'-.... - .i --r -WW....J- iiiba auj. oiu nprA new consignment of ladiespets, something hne and cheap.litrCome in and seehats-ai $1 and up.Straw Hats.our line of strawB.WEISSBERG.' Change of Form.The Cynthiana Democrat comes toour exchange table in the form of asix column quarto, a change from theeight column folio, and presents avery handsome appearance. TheDemocrat is one of the best weekliesin Central Kentucky and its editor,Cul. J. M". Allen, is always on the job.NORTH MIDDLET0WN ITEMS.cottage, with wide hall, large frontveranda, rear porch, cistern. Rentsfor $12.50 per month to a good tenant.Lot 50 feet front by 150.NO. 2.Half interest in vacant lot on Mainstreet, between Ninth and Tenth sts.Lot 35 feet front.NO. 3.Winchester street, No. Ill, 4-roomframe cottage, water in house, veranda, rear porch, outbuildings. Rentsfor $10 per month. Lot 170 feet frontmore or less.NO. 4.Fourteenth street, Nos. 108 and 110.Double house, cistern, out buildings.Rents for 10 per month. Lot 40 by (10feet more or less.NO. 5.Vacant lot on High street, betweenBoone and Fifteenth streets. Lot 50by 147 feet more or less.NO. 6.Sycamore stre'et, No. 1012, a 4-rocmcottage, with hall, porch, outbuildingsRents for $10 per month. Lot 35 feetfront more or less, by S7J4 feet moreor less.NO. 7.Dnnhle nottatre of four rooms! rentsfor 10 per month; is located in Judy'sAlley. Lot 44 feet front.NO. S.Two-room cottage in Judy's Alley;rents for 5 per month; cistern. Lot33 feet front.NO. 9.Three-room cottage, Judy's Alley;rents for $5 per month. Lot 35 feetfront more or less.NO. 10.Double cottage on Short street, of 7rooms; rents for $13 per month. Damaged by fire. Cistern and outbuildings.Nos. 206 and 20S. Lot 40 by 110 feet.NO. 11Double cottage of.6 rooms, at Nos.210 and 212 Short street. Rents for$12 ner month. Lot 40 by 111) feet.NO. 12.No. 855 West street, 4-room cottage,outbuilding, cistern; rents for $7 permonth. Lot 27 by 72 feet, more orless.month. Lot 50 bv45 fpet mnn ,. ucNO.21.Singer's Alley, ten-room two-storyhouse, rents for $16.50 per month. LotoO by 40 more or less.NO. 22.Singer's Alley, No. 767. 3-room cottage, outbuildings, big yard and garden; rents for $5 per month. Lot 40by 112 feet, more or less.N0.23.Connelly's Alley, double house of sixrooms; rents for $12 per month. Lot51 feet front, more or less.N0.24.Ferguson street, No. 613, six-roomcottage, basement, electric lights,sewer, nice garden, cistern; is centrally located, veranda, rear porch. Thegem of the sale. Lot 45 by 14& feetmore or less. Rents for $12.50 permonth.N0.25.Chapman street, Nos. 31and3:J. fourroom double house, rents for $8 permonth. Lot by feet, more or less.N0.26.Chapman street, No. 35, rents for $4per month. Lot by feet, more orless.NO. 27.Chapman street, Nos. 39 and 41. double house, grocery and dwelling. Rentsfor $8.00 per month. Lot.NO. 2S.Turner street. Nos. 5 and 7, doublehouse. Rents $8.00 per month. LotNO. 21).Turner street, Nos. 9 and 11,. doublehouge." Rents for $S per month. Lot .NO. 30.Turner street. No. 15, is three roomcottage, veranda, rear porch. Rentsfor $S 00 per month. Lot. .bymore or less. 'NO. 31.Lilleston Ave., corner. Williams St.,six room cottage, veranda, rear porch,cistern out-buildings, electric lights,sewerage on street. Rents for $10 permonth. Lot 110 feet more or less.NO. 32.Higgins cross street. F'vp ronmij stone foundation, rubel work, the three! nice cabinet mantels. elppf-rTn Htrhtcunr?NO. 13. ! nice cabinet mantels, electrie lights andNo. S53 West street. 3-room cottage. I as outbuildings, cistern, nice yard.mp.fcil roof, veranda, rear nnrrh. nnt- Kents Jor $12.o0 per month. Lot G2Mr. and Mrs. Richard Wills, of Cynthiana, are visiting the family of Mr.T. J. Judy.Miss Lena Gheber has returned toher home in Augusta after a twoweeks' visit to Miss Mary Ligon.Henry Cay wood shipped this' weekseveral car loads of lambs to themarkets in Jersey City and Louisville.Elder and Mrs. J. W. Ligon are attending the commencement exercisesat Transylvania Univrsity,in Lexington.. Miss Daisy Detwiller, who has beenattending school at the State NormalSchool 'at Richmond, has returnedhome.Mr: Davis Patrick and Mr. LoganBryan have returned home from Boylecounty where they have been stripping blue grass seed.Mrs. Julia Kash and two daughters,Misses Mary and Jessie, of Lexington,have retutned to their home after ashort visk to Mrs. Ida Everman.Mi3H Mary D. Everman. the hricrhffated uttractive daughter of Mrs. IdaEvrman, will act in the capacity ofcorrapondent for the Bourbon Newsin. the North Middletown ' crecinct.Mfews items teleDhoned to TCvi&ian v.Sorift store. East Tennessee phone No.win retell ner promptly.-huildincrs: rents for $7 net27 by 72 feet more or less.Nos. 12 and 13 ro be sold separatelyand as a whole.NO.14.Vacant lot on east side of West street.Lot 50 by 100 feet more or less.NO. 15.Double house of two stories containing six rooms on West street, nearEighth, cistern, out-buildings, rentsfor $14 per month. Lot 53 feet frontmore or less.NO. 16.Paton street. No. 510, four roomdouble house; cistern, rents for $8 permonth. Lot '.12 by 72 feet more orless.NO. 17:Paton street, Nos. 516 and 51S. Cottage of three rooms, rents for $4 permonth. Lot 32 by 70 feet more or less.NO. IS.Singer's Alley No. 793, two rooms,rents for $5 per month. Lot 32 feetby 45 feet more or less.NO. 19.No. 789 Singer's Alley, a 2-room cottage, rents for 5 per month. Lot 50by 45, more or less.month. Lot!feetfrontmoreor Iessroom cottage.NO. 33.Williams St. Fivestone foundation rubel work, threenice cabinet mantels, tile hearths,pantry, electric lights, large yard, fruitand grapes, cistern Rents for $12. o0per month. Lot 145 feet front more orless.The following four tracts belongingto Miss Mary McCarthy, are verydesirable and will positively be soldwithout reserve or by-bid.Nos. 35 and 36 will be offered separately and then as a whole and best bidaccepted.NO. 35.Seven room house on Williams St.with good cellar, cistern and stable.Lot 50x165 ft.NO. 3J.StA building lot 50x165 ft, on WilliamsNO. 37.Vacant lot 50x125 ft., on Hanson St.NO. 38.Vacant lot 50x125 ft., on Hanson t.thanof aThis is the class of property that pays larger dividendsbank stock and is safer than Government bonds. A chancelifetime.TERMS One-third cash; balance in six and twelvemonths. For deferred payments purchaser will be required toexecute bonds with surety approved by the undersigned. Bondsto bear six per cent, interest from date of sale.C J. LANCASTER,O. W. LANCASTER,Executors of Jeptha Lancaster Estate.HARMON STITT, Attorney.M. F..KENNEY,HARMS. & SPEAKES,v Auctioneers.-vl-lr:V-",- ff-u: cspwy&rv-. 4- -5-', -r..,iJfcnj ?"--;w-:Vit.- itV1 .,AJ-t "''Vtl "JV"C-.a,f.1 -,- S , .t"--TrV '' V :,V i -. .v Sl . .- .-j-r v iTOE BOURBON NEWS. PARIS, KENDCRY. JUNE: tyl? ffc.---'.-ix.vvAftfE BOURBON NEWS., iFIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMEMusic Class Closes.Miss Mary Kiely's class in musicclosed Friday, June 2, after a verysuccessful school year.PERSONAL MENTION.Paris Green.Paris Green in any quantity,3n centsper pound.LINK GROCERY.Only the "Honk."Maysville is strong against thefunny noises created by auto hornsand an ordinance to prohibit the use ofhorns other than the "honk" is beforethe City Council, and will in all probability be passed by that body.Special Bargain.Fly paper, 3 sheets for 5 cents.LINK GROCERY.Two Fined In Police Court.In Justice L. J. FretwulFs CourtWednesday, Joe Wills, colored, wasfined $70 and costs on two warrantsand Mag Small, also colored, was fined$20 and costs. Both were chargedwith a breach of the peace.New Patterns.New McCall patterns, magazinesand lashion sheets for July, 1911,just -received.HARRY SIMON.Struck by Rafter.Tuesday morning while engaged inpainting the new residence of Dr. W.K. Dudley on Eighth street, Wm. Cainwas struck on the head by a fallingrafter and severely injured. A longcash was cut in his head and he wasotherwise bruised.Mr. and4 Mrs. C. J. McLear arevisiting in Bristol. Va.Mr. Uavid Feld visited in Winchester yesterday.Mrs. L. J. Fretwell was a visitorin Lexington yesterday.Mrs. J. V. Day is quite ill froman attack of typhoid fever.Mr. W. 0. Hinton is recoveringfrom an attack cf appendicitis.Mr. Ossian Edwards is at homefrom a business trip to Tennesbee.Mr. an! Mrs. Harry Simon havereturned from a business trip toChicago.Miss Dorothy Brown, of Dayton,Ky., is visiting her sister, Mrs. H. J.Grosche.Mrs. Brice Steele was hostess tothe Six-Hand Euchre Club yesterdayafternoon.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher is visitngfriends in Lebanon and Campbellsvillethis week.Miss Ruth Rothschild, of Ashland,is the guest of Misses Birdie andHazel Wollstein.musi-studioMiss Alice Ford will give acal recital this evening at heron Seventh street.Mr. H. Margolen will leave nextweek for Somerset to visit his sister,Mrs. Morris Hawkins.Special Sale.Special Sale Saturday, June 10.I WIN BROS.' Department Store.Entitled to No Fees.The Court of Appeals Tuesday in thecase of Graves county vs. Wallace,sheriff, holds that sheriffs are entitledto no fees for attending sessions ofquarterly courts and tnat sheriffs andnot the counties must pay for printingtax receipts, tax books and countyclaim books.Big Sale June 15.See page four for descripthe list oEExecutors sale of the Lancaster realestate.Loses Valuable Horse.Contractor Jack Woods lost a valuable horse Wednesday from lockjaw.A few days ago the animal run apiece of wire in one of his feet whichwas the direct cause of his death.About a week ago Mr. Woods wasoffered $200 for the animal whichh valued at $250.Our Specialty.We have the prettiest line of mouldings ever brought to Paris. Pictureframing in all styles is our specialty.Work done in artistic stjle and delivered when promised.G 2c PARIS BOOK CO.Fell From Building.While engaged in shingling the rcofof a house belcnging to T. F. Brannunin the .Old Fair Grounds AdditionTuesday John Bohan. a carpenter inthe employ of W. C. Hester, lest hisfooting find ifell. In his descent hes ruck a scaffold which broke the forceof the fall. He was picked up unconscious and removed to his home onHigh street where his wounds weredresed.The Best Freezer.Everyone knows that the- "WhiteMountain" freezer is the best, on themarket. We want to let you knowthat we sell them.9 At LAVIN & CONNELL.Miss Rachel Wiggins entertainedWednesday afternoon at cards at herhome in the country.Mrs. Mary Bierbower, of Lampasses, Texas, is visiting her sister,Mrs. C. A. Daugherty.London Sentinel: "Miss AmeliaLeer, of Paris, is visiting Mrs. Lee H.Mitchell, at Pittsburg."Mr. Withers Davis attended theThomas-Rosenvall weddingChester Wednesday evening.Miss Bessie Marshall, of Covington, is the guest of Mrs. BucknerWoodford and Mrs. Belle Alexander.Miss Hazel Overby has returnedfrom Cincinati where she spent severaldays with her father, Mr. W. T. Overby." Judge Denis Dundon, County Attorney George Batterton and JudgeHarmon Stitt were in Lexington yesterday. Miss Ruth Morgan, who is theguest of Miss Kate Pigg, of London,is a member of a party that is spending the week at Rockcastle Springs.Mrs. Rebeccah Gass. of Denver.Col., formerly of Paris, who has beenquiie ill at the home of her daughter,Mrs. Bowen Tate, in that city, is ktiproing. Hon. G. T. Wyatt, of Olmstead,Logan county,candidate for the Democratic nomination for Commissioner ofAgricuture, was in Paris Tuesaay inthe interest of his candidacy.Mr. and Mrs. Richard T. Wellinghave returned from their bridal tripin the East and have gone to housekeeping in Mrs. Anna Thornton'sproperty on Henderson street.- Mr. and Mrs. U. G. Swearingenand daughter, Miss Clara, Miss BessieBooth and Mr. and Mrs. Jack Hamlin,of Champlain, 111., motoring throughKentucky, were guests Wednesday ofMiss Effie Paton.Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Landrum anddaughter, Miss Margaret, and son,Robert, of Warsaw, and Mr. HarryShaw, of Vevay. Ind., composed anauto party touring this section and'vere guests Wednesday of Mr. andMrs. J. W. Payne.The members of the Five HundredClub gave a picnic Tuesday in thewoodland of Mr. John Woodford, onthe Clintonville pike. The followingmembers were present: Mrs. Frankmorrow r night will Jeave for WestPoint to enter 'the military academyon Wednesday evening entertainedwith a dinner party. The followingwere those present: Misses FrancesI and Mary Mitchell Clay, Marie Tal-bott, Frances Hancock, Helen Desha,Nell Crutcher, Mesrs. Winn Lisle,Harold Harris, John Price, John KeithVansant and Prof. W. O. Stackhouse.Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hancock, ofCharlottesville, Va., are guests ofMrs, Hancock's brother, Mr. CharltonClay.Misses Nancy Mae Brock andMarie Bloomfitld, of Winchester, arevisiting the former's sister, Mrs. F.P. White.Elbridge Snapp attended the annual conference of the M. E. churchSouth, in Georgetown, a a delegatefrom tjie Epworth League.Reception Day at Public School.Tuesday was reception day at theParis Public School and during the reception hours the corridors and roomsof the building were crowded withvisitors, to inspect the result of theyear's work of the pupils. The exhibition was highly creditable in everyrespect.The lower grade had very elaboratedisplays in drawing, cut work, claymode ling, raffia work, etc., whiie inthe advanced grades and in the HighSchool the exhibition was along thelines of proficiency in history and theprts and sciences, the samples of workshowing a neatness and thoroughnessnot to be excelled by any school.Throughout were evidences of themost capable work on the art of thelarge corps of competent teachers.Perhaps in no department was this mornoticeable than an the art work, specimens of the pupils' skill in pencil,pen and ink, crayon and water colorsbeing displayed in every room, all having heen under the training of the artteacher, Mrs. Evelyn P. Buck.In several of the grades articles of.... it f - i:ii. i i :in Win-i nanaicrait were exniuueu, suuwinyremarkable talent which needs onlytraining to develop into skilled work.Needlework by the girls and a numberof useful articles made by the boys., V - , Just ReceiVed. 'A new line of tailored Wists" extrasizes and designs lor tout 'women juatreceived. .HARRY SIMCN.. WE DOdorsesboeingfPlain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines, Automobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sam'l Kerslake & Son.tw0DAKW4p-s.w. 'mn..mspecial..Vtx .-fxLACECURTAINSALEV -w'-Lt-.,'$1 .For the Next Ten Days 'Our Stock is too large and must be reduced-Come!and benefit by it.IW. Ed.iTucker.Blue Grass Seed Wanted.We are in the market for blue grassseed, from the stripper or for Augustdelivery. The highest market pricewill be paid. Let us furnish you with.sacks. Both phones.G tf R. B. IIUTCHCRAPT.DEATHS.iMrs Louise Fisher, aged 75 years, jwidow of the late J. W. frisher, diedat her home near Gynthiana Wednesday morning. For a i umber of yearsshe suffered frcm pa ro lysis, havinghad several strokes at uitlerent times.Mrs. Fisher was formerly MissLouisa Fisher and was a native ofBracken county. Snewasthe motherof Mr. John Fisher, of Uourbon county, and a sister of Mr. Poiter Jett, ofParis.The funeral will be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock with services at herlate residence. Burial in BattleGrove cemetery.Cherries, Cherries.Order your cherries for preserving.C. P. COOK & CO.Woman Attacked by Negro.While enroute to the home of Richard Brown' on Tenth street Tuesdaynight, Miss Helen Conlin, a trainednursp, was attacked by an unknownnegro.The affair occurred near the L. & N.crossing on Tenth stret. Mis3 Conlin,who has been attending Mrs. Brown,was returning home from down townwhen she was seized by the negro whoattempted to drag her in the rear ofthe seed house of .7. S. Wilson.M? f!nnhn nailed loudlv for helnnnti of fha carno Kmo fmurhr hpr IIS- 'Just the gift forGraduation aKODAKThe graduate will appreciate itbecause it means an added pleasure in every good time of theVacation days.We are glad to show our lineoi Kodaks and 5rownie Cameras and give you a free copy ofthe new Kodak catalogue.iFEESCut RateCash SpecialsDaugberty BrosMain Street,PARIS, KENTUCKYStar Brand HamsThe Ham That Am,Our Price per PoundT15cyArgo StarchThe Best Starch Made3 Five Cent Boxes For 10cFEE'SIJ. T. HINTONr Wicor Mt-e T Mfhor P; Mrs I. T ' saiiani uu&uerateiy. aill-i & idiuuuigSmith, Mrs. J. T. Tadlock. Mrs. W. , " on the face and biting his arm theW. Juch. Mrs. Logan Howard. Mrs. ! negr released her and ran, disappear-Monroe Mansfield, and Misses Corinne mg in tne oarKnessa.Collins. Dorothy Talbott, Nora Bald- Mss Conhn gave the policewin. Uessie and Florence Wilson, scription of hei assailant, andTor.nin Wnnr,i Morthn wntf ATic ' negroes suspected of the crime,Lou Kniflin Howard and KatherineWeathers and her guests.Mr. James McClure, Jr., who to-the police a de-threehavebeen arrested and taken before her foridentification. None of the men proved to be the one in question and werereleased.Stricken With Paralysis.Mr. M. A. Kenney.'one of the oldestand best known farmers of Bourboncounty, was stricken with paralysislast week while at Olympia Springs.He. is the father of Messrs. Clarenceand Walter Kenney, of this city. Mr.Kenney has not been in the best ofhealth for some time and was at Olympia in the hope of recuperating hislost strength when stricken. He wastaken to his home on the Lexingtonpike, where he is resting easy, but hiscondition is .regarded as serioums.The stroke affected his power ofspeech. Mr. Kenney is in the seventhseventh year of his age.Beautiful Gifts for Commencement Season.Wp hnve a beautiful line of hooksand other very appropriate gifts forschool graduates.G2t PARIS BOOK CO.Cut by Falling Glass.Chfcs. Stuart, while helping put inposition the large plate glass windowsin the new business house of Mitchell& Blakemore Tuesday afternoon, wasbadly cut on the left arm and hand,when the glass being handled broke.An employe of the t Pittsburg PlateGlass Co., of Cincinnati, was in chargeof hte work, and with his assistantswa endeavoring to turn thf glass thathad just been taken from the boxwhen it broke. The sharp particlesfill across Stuart'sjarra severing twoarteries at the wrist, and lasceratinghis arm above the elbow.He 'wf a taken to the office oi Dr.Wm. Kenney where his injuries received attention, whin he was rented to his home on Lilleston avenue.Fancy Tailored Skirts.Seventy-fiv fancy tailored skirtswoith $7. $8 and $9. to sell them quicke4SfortnisweekkARRysiHONPUBLIC SALEI am Showinga very largeline ofLawn andPorchFurnitureAlso Porch Rugs inCrxe and FibrevMOF-MDesirable City Property!On Saturday, June 17, 1911, at 2 p. m.,On the Premises, on Vine Street, in Paris, Kentucky,the following described property,1 tttk H LHSee the New Line ofWhite MapleDouble Cane Seatand Back Chairs,RockersamSettees I have justreceived.IDEALPORCHFURNITURE43ft. on Vine street, lengthI will sell to the highest bidderto-wit:No. 1. A vacant lot, fronting251 ft. and 29 1-2 feet in rear.No. 2. A vacant lot 42 ft. front, 29 1-2 feet in rear andlength 249 ft. on same street.No. 3. Lot 77 ft. front, 41 ft. in rear and 245 ft. in length,and containing a frame house, of six rooms, large hall, porches,good cistern, stable and other out-buildings.No. 4. Vacant lot 40 ft. front, 58 1-2 in rear, length 234 ft.No. 5 Vacant lot 40 ft. front, 58 1-2 feet in rear, length 234ft., both fronting on Vine street.This property rents well, 'is increasing in value and will makea splendid investment.It will be offered separately and then as a whole and the bestbid accepted. " . 'Terms easy and made Jniown on day of sale.MRS. MAN OR A LENIMAN.For further informatiom aply tovHarris & Speakes, RealEstate, Dealers, raris, Ay." EO. D. 9PEAKES, Auctioneer.Vudor Hammocks and Porch. Shades. The strongest line made. Sole Agent. Hammocksfrom$l to$&50 :I Have Just Received a New Lot of Refrigerators.Lawn SwingsThe Largest Line Ever Shown in Paris at My Storeso g- It0.50t-j qjo-aqjFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Ehones, store, 36. Night and Sunday Thones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy,. Home Thone 286.J. T. HINTON.m'-mA. V1 PWflVr,VWl&-:Jw-WV JtB r?'.hjt'-Kiyii:I,Fso.-.. ."-- ;V "-.' j n " '" vW'Vw 'r.i " -,.'. W rBOURBON' NEWS,; PARISH KENTUCKY, . JUNE-9,1911.VIMTCHELINIirsouAnti-SkidsLkferIN STOCK BYVBonrbon Garage & Supply Company.ALLMf IMPLESGOHE- -vGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin Was 'CJeanscd By a Simple Wash. -"I was ashamed of my face," writesMis.s Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "'It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made thaj; cancbmnare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D, D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,1and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.The Just and the Unjust.That which is unjust can reallyprofit no one; that which is just canreally harm no one. Henry George.,.E. H. F.30Touring Car $1 ,OOQ:F. 0. B. Detroitl lFCorner ot Fourth and Higli, Paris. Ky.Professional CardsJ i J. WIIiUIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Buildinc.Dr Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street. -Office Phones ) gQmeE. T. 334.t Home 331.6. Determan,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building-.920 Main St., 'Phones 5SG.Saved His Wife's Life."My wife would have been in- hergrave today," writes O. H, Brown, ofMuscadine, Ala., "if it had not beenfor Dr. Kind's New Discovery. Shewas down in her bed, not able to getup without help. She had a severebronchial trouble and a dreadfulcouch. I got her a bottle of Dr. King'sNew Discovery, and she soon began jto mend, and was well in a snorttime." Infallible for coughs andcolds, it's the most reliable remedyon earth for desperate lung trouble,hemorrhages, lagrippe. asthma, hayfever, croup and whooping cough.50c, Si. Trial bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfcr.Good Advice.Keep thy heart apart from sorrow,and bo not anxious about troublewhich is yet to come. Girdaust.E-MrPOWER To go anywhere.RELIABILITY None ever wore out.ECONOMY Easy on tires and fuel.APPROVED By 25,000? owners.Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster Model $1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.XResidenceD,R. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4. and ."5, Elk's BUVgParis, .... KentuckyHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co..'T)r. J. M. Lacoek,DENTIST,Up Stairs.Over Varden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapestloloodine Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by puring the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old.ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andHlnddpr Trouble. 1 have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, HI.Tablets promptly.YcJlnnk Lanqborn'manicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglCtfEast Tenu. Pho e GG9Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Lightning Kills Few.; In lflOfi lightning killed only 1G9 people in this whole country. One's' chances of death by lightning are less' than two in a million. The chance. of death from liver, kidney or stomaeh trouble is vastly greater, but not1 if Electric Bitters be used, as RobertMadden, of "West Bcrlington, la.,I proved. Four doctors gave him upa'ter eight months of suffering fromvirulent liver trouble and yellowjaundice. He was then completelycured by Electric Bitters. They're' the best stomach, liver, nerve andI kidney remedy and blood purifier on Iearth. Onlv r0c at Oberdorfer's.' Use for Street Rubbish.1 City authorities of Amsterdam arei now considering the conversion of the, street rubbish as a mass into combus! tible. briquets for heating boilers.W. T. Brooks, Agent.SEi3iSaE3:iliiilK?m-&&iiiN'v, Bfc. rJoe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind i.ndLightning.Your patronage solicited.WMis taken by people in tropical countries all the yearround. It stops wasting andkeeps up the strength andvitality in summer as wellas winter.ALL DRUGGISTSA Peek Into His Pocketwould show the box of Bucklen's Arnica Salve that E. S. Loper, a carpenter of Marilla, N. Y., always carries." I have never had a cut, wound,bruise or sore it would not soon heal,"ho writes. Greatest healer of bonis,boils, scalds, chapped hands and lips,lever sores, skin eruptions, eczema,corns and piles. 2nc at Oberdorfer's.Independence Earned.The independence and liberty youpossess are the v.-ork of common dangers, sufferings and successes. Washington.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden f Son.DruggistHKflHave Stood The Test.Tfettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true-economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan'Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenience.Geo. M'Willams,No more'tickets given on raffle until further noticeESgEgMgggiSreMigKgMCHARLES W. HECK,"IDeafness Cannot be CuredSUCCESSORS TO9After The Grippe"I am much pleased, to be able to write and thankJrou for what Cardui has done for me, writes Mrs. Sarah. Gilliland, of Siler City, N. C"Last February, I had the Grippe, which left me inbad shape. Before that, I had been bothered with femaletrouble, for ten years, and nothing seemed to cure it"At last, I began to take Cardui. 1 have taken onlythree bottles, but it has done me more good than all thedoctors or than any other medicine I ever took."CARDUIJ!The Woman's TonictheFor the after-effects of any serious illness, liGrip, Cardui is the best tonic you can use.It builds strength, steadies the nerves, improves theappetite, regulates irregularities and helps bring back thenatural glow of health.Cardui is your best friend, if you only knew itThink of the thousands of ladies whom Cardui hashelped! What could possibly prevent it from helping you?.Remember you cannot get the" benefit of the Carduiingredients in any other medicine, for they are not for salein any drug store except in the Cardui bottle. Try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattaaooca Mediciac Co., Chattanooga, Tena,WtKWliutmam. d 64-piee book. "Hose Treataeat lor woawa." seat vecby local applications, as they cannot, raach the diseased portion of the ear.( There is only one way to cure deaf-ness. and that is by constitutional ,'remedies. Deafness is caused by an! inflamed condition of the mucuous;lining of the Eustachian Tube. W lien! this tube is inflamed you have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andI when it i entirely closed, DoafnessJ is the result, and unless the infiam-mation can be talen out and this tuberostored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever; ninecases out of ten are caused by Catartn, which is nothing but an inflamed condition oi the mucous surfaces.J We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused by! catarrh) that cannot be cured byj Hall's Catarrh Cure. Send for eircu! lars free.F. J. CHENEY & COToledo, O.I Sold by Eruggists, 7ocTake Hall's Family Pills for constipation.jWASH THAT ITCH AWAYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not Ipewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredleutgas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy astat of a child.lf you have not already tried IVget.tjleast a 25-cent bottle today. "We .3imrc you of instant relief.Vnr Solo fl 5 ValIn JR. C 1H0LL.IBAY & SETTLEGarriaae and Repair shod at Paris. Ky.-; Ift Twenty-five years experience in the business. HInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep put-,ting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & M'f 'g Company,IncorporatedYard at Office,15th and Main Sts.7 '3PARIS, KY.Home Phone 12; C. T. 530.o. - ":.:- ' ..-w .-Jt'jfwivAsV 'V"-S ?'V,t9T .yvi..'Xffi.sfc-a" r'V"-yV-i i " -.SstV- A-- r7feViNi- r"Vtf&THE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY "J,UJNjE.9i 1911.M.GOOD LIVER REMEDY FREEWhen you suffer from any form of I of this remarkable cure for stomach,;nri;retinn it is nhvavs well to take liver and bowel troubles through acomethincr tor the liver, as usually tnc iree sampie. iurj. xtuuk. imytrnnhle lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating, ifvou belch, if your skin is yellowishy-ou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the "liver, to arouse m the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle.Thousands of people first learnedMrs. Frank Lilly ofPlainview. 111., sent for one and itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, thePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for all the family frominfancy to old age, because it is mild,free from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or money willbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.A Violation.It is not generally known that, according to the Kentucky Statutes it isa heavy fine to catch for the purposeof placing in a cage, a mocking birdor red bird. Many people have thesewoodland songsters in caged about thehouse, and are net aware that the newlaws of the state forbid such being acaptive. The statue, which is section1946 reads as follows: "No personshall at any time catch, kill or pursuewith such intent or have in possessionafter same has been caught or killedany thrush, mocking bird, meadowlark, flinch, martin, swallow. Woodpecker, flicker, oriole, redbird, tangar,catbird, bluebird or other song or insectivorous bird." There is a movethroughout the state to stop the captreas well as killing of these birds.LATONIA CLUB'SSPRING SESSIONTwenty-ninth Derby Will Be theBig Opening Event.FOR SALE.FOR RENT.7vTf;rtoi rodi Ppfri$!-pr 1-ireqt cur room house, large barn andpaurn Will son fbap for other outhojue.. together with aboutpaiern. 11111 mii i ,, five acres or ground in the city limits.vau puuuc "j j. j-., v. v.n.v-w w...signed.FRENCH THOMPSON.Paris, Ky.Apply to24 tfT. P. WOODS,or GEO. RASSENFOS3Baldwin racKing ,0.,"The Model PacldngPlant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost' complete sanitary arrangementsto be f onnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all tfirst-class grocersand'dealers.H. N. Rankin, of Carlisle, haspurchased quite a number of mulecolts for fall delivery at an averageprice of $105.tiTiiiiiCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.TO OCCUR SATURDAY, JUNE 10BaldwinPacking Co.Paris, Kentucky.IHawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous bubit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.RP.nrlR a tinerlimr flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin'teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for ncme cure.Smnnlp.c sent free bv writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Aif the Top-Notchers Entered and theRace Will Be Run at the RegulationDistance of One and a Half Miles.Large Crowds Expected From Chicago, Louisville, Indianapolis andAll Ohio Cities.On next Saturday, June 10, theLatonia Jockey Club will inaugurateits spring session of racing v.-ith therunning of the twenty-ninth Derby asthe feature. The Derby has been afeature of the opening day for nearlyevery opening day, but this time it isa Derby that will stand alone in thelong historySbf this classic event. Ofcourse Leonatus, Den Brush, Ornament, Sir Huon and Olambala, winners of this e.vent, were real racehorses. But forget the great Derbiesof yesterday and think of tnis one.This race is a "real" Derby: doublyso, for it is run at the regulation distance, 1 miles, and the field will bemade up of the class of colts whichhave made this race famous. Meridian, winner of the' Kentucky Derby;Governor Gray, winner of tha American Derby at Jacksonville and theBlue Grass stakes at Lexington; StarCharter, who defeated the greatCountless in the Clark handicap atLouisville; Round the World, thegreat filly that won the Juarez Derbyand other stake events at the Mexican track, and Heatherbroom, whocarried the famous Cassat colors areall sure starters. This quintet alonewould make a great struggle, andwith eight or more additional startersto give the race more color, one canexpect a Titanic struggle that willmake this event one never fo be foxgotten. It is by all odds the besfBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, fwith pure Botanical ingredents. To provo it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for hoiae cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troublejvnd free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.BANK StOCk.gc.clKv vIf you .wish to sell your balkprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY;14 men 3m E. T. phon C5.OVER 65 YCAIEXPERIENCEkMjlAWJW-M HB.Trade MarketDesignsCopyrights 4cAnyone sending a aketch and description majquickly ascertain onr ojrtnloa xreewbttnar &invention is probably patentable. ComHBtrateatlons strictly confidential. HANDBOOK oa PateoUsent free. Oldest acency for securing patents.Patents taken through Metro & Co. recslrasptcial notice, without charge, in. theScientific American.A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Jjirjreat ccnlation of any scientltlc journal. Terms, $3 avoir: four months, $L Sold by all newsdcaltfK.MUNN Co. New YorkBranch Ofllce. G25 F SU Washington, D. CA Terrible blunder.to neglect liver trouble. Neve do it.TnVfi Dr. Kincr's New Life Fills on.tbe first sien of constipation, biliousness or inactive bowels and preventvirulent indigestion, jaundice or gallstones. They regulate liver, stomachand bowels and build up A'our health.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.SS vsHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on'tbtrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.IThe Brown Pivot-BeamBiding Cultivator.-jiT1 ; it fBKgWHBlK fit B'Iwftl'Bi'ai.imwm.mlmi$i - zm vJrK Sll m1 1-t-.v "' si3LdHHF j?. 7JyOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for 'The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confident Iof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here. tMrs. Corne Watson Baird.klaPBflwzivriuKRUHaSrSONEDROPdm the throat o! a "z7C7nchicken ctestroys the worasand saves thjs chick's life. Afew drops :a tie drinlilcc waterCURES and.PRUVZNTG GAPES77hUo 2;irrhoca and other cfciclsdiseases. . 'Cao &? Do-t;o of" j.... - -r :V::J r i n not ;2, ' 1 OiV.Cl xlFor Sale by W. T. Brooks -ocOaus:as.-,mmmM-mFool Treadles attached to the Beams which connect with the sleeve arch infront, so that the forward pressure of the foot shafts the beams in their lateralmovement.fQWhen the beams are yoked togrther with our unique Adjustable Spreader, tbeforward motion of the operator's foot movei the beams in a like direction, andwhen used independently, a small coil spring on each beam is brought into action,so when pressing forward with the foot, the beams move away from the plant andwithout any effort on the part of the operator the spring brings them back to therow.WjSIWith this construction, any desired penetration is secured through Brown'sPatent Hitch in connection with levers ; and in addition, the operator has the advantage of pressing directly on the beam with tbe foot, thus enabling him to peifectly regulate the depth of plowing regardless of the irregularity of the soil.The power or Jeverage through the agency of these foot treadles is practicallydouble that of any other device and the action on the beams is not only powerfulbut the beams respond quickly to the pressure of the foot.Distance between beams can be changed quickly without operator leaving theseat. Movable axles so that wheels- can be adjusted to track any desired distanceapart.This cultivator is easily adjusted to balance with any weight of operator. Atest will prove it the best.Terkes & Kenney ,, Paris, Kentuckyprospective field that ever came upfor any Derby, not barring the oncegreat event held annually at Washington park in Chicago.Not only is the Derby a greatevent, but all of the stake events atLatonia this spring promise much. Intne handicaps will be found the greatmares Ocean Bound and King'sdaughter, with such horses as UonnieKelso, Countless and others too numerous to mention. In the two-year-oldevents the best colts and filliesin years are listed, including TheManager, the winner of the Breeders'Futurity, and Worth, the winner ofthe Bashford Manor stakes, and forwhich $10,000 was paid. The greathorses will not appear in the stakeevents alone, but will be out in thedaily handicaps and condition races.The Latonia management is making a big effort to make the Derbycrowd as great as the race. A special rate has been secured from Louisville, over the L. & N., which isgood for two days, coming Saturdayand returning Monday. Big delegations are coming from Chicago, Indianapolis, Columbus, O.. Dayton, O.,and from Lexington and other Kentucky cities.For the comfort of the patronsmany improvements have been madeat the course. It might be well tosay right here that, leading to thetrack, Madison pike has been repaired and oiled and is now in ideal'shape for the motoring and driving.Inside the track the stands andclubhouse have been beautifully improved by the use of $6,000 worth ofpaint. The clubhouse has also beenrefurnished.Society, which did not iiay muchattention to racing -for a few yearsat Latonia, will this ' time jgrace tljeoccasion, and on Derbjy da the beetpgople of Cincinnati and vicinity willgather at the clubhouse and fill theboxes injthtf-fcratiBl and.i iil T1jThat about tells it all, and one canlook forward to seeing a great rice-;oil June 10 at Latonia which ffinxb6'witnesses by the greatest crowd thatfc ever -gathered aPtfiV Kenfonco'uritr"JM Us Face to Face!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut fight up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful) . We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat. in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, .$4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $15.00 Suits.Twin Brosr"L.WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department..Jb-J!s &mmmmmmWmmmmReadTwin Bros.Big Advertisement AnnouucingBig Sale- " ' 1 ' , t i 'Commencing June Esn 'mmlw yt y&? f-iTVAI Mv Wilful IN!?mTwo Big Stores in One j- 3 Cpr.71 MtM1?)JWLs.37 SSSStSCSKnOBSS.rC!C7SSaSJ3SC3St-':r.vc4,xi,itrack. V. ' . ..uu1T, vv1",.-aJ-?,.'- vf'3.vtT?-Jv.Wfw;r; JJfBfrffijRBONtfflEySg ! PARIS? KEytUCKY' JUNE 9, 1911.,- -"V ..T&y;&- i .. -T'V t fJ? Mr-'t.i-E?-1ftr kfcR::i:&-ttr,t- MILLERSIUIG JTEMS.fMr. V. E. Price, of Butler, arrivd Monday as the sueat of MissSsrab Alcorn.Mr. Chas. Wright, of Maysville, arrived Tuesday as the guest of hissister, Mrs. C. C. Chanslor.Mr.and Mis. Wm. Massie, of ParksHill, were guests of Mr. and Mrs. E.B'. Taylor Wednesday and Thursday.We are in the market for blue grass'Seed. Paying the highest market price.PEALE COLLIER & GO.Mr' and Mrs. T. D. Judy were inLejyagton Wednesday Mr. Judy was !there for the 'purpose of consult-lnig a specialist.Mr. Chas. Fisher, who has been attending school at Emory and HenryCollege, Va., arrived home Tuesday for the summer.Messrs. D. P. Jones, E. M. Ammer-rnan and l&ts Mary McDaniel wereamong the Wimber whs attended theDistrict Cnferene of the 'Frankfort District at t Georgetown " fromTuesday until Thursday."Miss Dorothy Peed, who has beenteaching In the' graded school atBirmingham. Ala., " arrived homeWednesday fbr the summer.Mr. and Mrs. &. M. Ingles, Mrs. G.W. Judy and Mr.T. E. Savage attended the fur era 1 of Miss Sallie Jaynes atParis Tuesday afternoon.Tbe following auto party spent Menday with Mr. and Mrs. K. B. Hutching3 at Mt. Sterling: Mr. and Mrs.K. R. Vaught and niece, Miss MildredVaughr, Parker. Ind., Mrs. J. T.Judy and children, Misses Belle Taylor Judy and Mary Taylor, Millerslurg.Mr. J. P. Auxier has sold his hometo Dr. W. M. Miller at a considerableadvance over what he paid for it lessthan a year ago. Mr. Auxier will devote his time for , the present in thebuilding up and improving ofJJudyvile.tti i greatestiew s mbur-V.V-.-whoIs the One That Don't Like to SaveMoney When They BuyWearing Apparel?If you are one of those, try us once and if we can'tsave you from 25 to 30 per cent on the dollar wedon't want you to buy anything.We carry a full line of Men's, Boy's andChildren's Clothing, Ladies' and .Children's Dresses,Shoes and Oxfords for the whole dam family.GIVE US A TRIAL.THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY.H hai provcn one ofbenefactor!, oft' ,thisban divigion.'. Mr.' Lee Eubank, of Black's CrossRoach will open a shoe repaiivshop inthe property of Mrs. Sue V. Sanduskyon Fiffo street, va:ated by Mr. O. M.Thomas.Mesdames John Morris and J. L.Daugherty, Versailles, Paul Letton,Shawhan and Miss Anna Payne,Frankfort, are guests of Mrs. J. H.Snoptaugh.The City Council met Wednesdaynight in regular session but little business was transacted, lhe June accounts were allowed and other lines ofbusiness constituted the work of theevening.Col. C. M. Best has received ahandsome portrait of the building andgrounds of Kentucky State University, Lexington, witn tne lollowingcard: "All past graduates of theMillersburg Military Institute, will beadmitted free of tuition at KentuckyState University."HENRY T. BARKER. Pres."The past graduates of M. M. I. canenter any institution.Our town was considerably .disturbedThursday mornirig by the appearanceof a mad dog. The dog came in fromthe direction of Hinkston bridge,goingsouth on Vimont street until it reached the northern part of town where itmade its escape on the railroad. It isclaimed that two or three dogs werebitten after the rabid canine reachedtown. The people should take warning anil either keep their dogs up ormuzzle them for the next few weeks.The following is the program as arranged for the union services forevery Sunday evening beginning withJune 11 and continuing throughAugust 27 :June 11, Methodist church, Rev.T. C. Stackhouse.June 18, Baptist church, Rev.T W. Watts.' June 25, Presbyterian church,W. O. Weir. n ,July 2, Associated Reform Presbyterian church. Rev. C. C. Fisher.July 9, Christian church, Rev.R. S. Sanders.July 16. Methodist church, F. W. Troy.July 23, Presbyterian church,Rev. T. C. Stackhouse.July 30, Baptist church, Rey.T W Watts.August 6, Assocated Reform Presbyterian church, Rev. R. S. Sanders.August 13, Christian church, W. O.Weir.August 20, Methodi st church, F. W.Troy. . L ,August 27, Presbyterian church,Rev. T. C. Stackhouse." Sensation jit tne Grand.To those who like something in thenature of the weird "and sensationalthe bill at the Paris Grand next weekwill be a revelation. Besides theregular vaudeville performances consisting of two fine double acts Manager Porter has booked for the entireweek' Ita, the girl 'mentalist. Nosingle person in the history of thevaudeville stage has created as greata sensation throughout the country asIta. Her wonderful powers are akinto the mysterious and she has beenthe sole topic of conversation in everycity she'has appeared in for monthsafter her departure.Ita is only sixteen years of age, buti j possessed of powers enabling her toread correctly the past, presents orfuture. She appeared for two conse-ISS3Our Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THISTivfYou Get More For Your. Money!Receive More Liberal Treatment, will be Better Satisfiedwith what you Purchase Here than Elsewhere.We make it a rule to sell Footwear that haveduality, Style and MeritGoods that you can take an honest pride in possessing and that give good wearand are splendid bargain values.t:-Special Value Bargains For This Week:Special $1.99Ladies Peek-a-Boo Pumps in Gun Metal,'1 Patent Colt and Velvet. They are ingreat demand now, and are splendid val-i ,ues at the price. Worth $2.50rt'IV,4'v.jt)M.''V v vr K1 v 3-Aciv CbSpecial $1.49Men's Olive Elk Outing Shoes, Elk soleand heels. Worth $2.Men's $2.50 and $3.00 Oxfords in GunMetal and Patent Colt.Special $1.99cutive weeks at the theatre in Wincheater and before the end of the fj -stweek people from all neighboringtowns were coming to see he. During her two weeks tay in WinchesterIta old tie result of every gr me cfball the day before the game, and in agreat number of instances foretold theexact scores. Ita will advise you asto business affairs, trouble, sports,education, lost articles, sickness, religion, investments, family affairs.etcIta will be at the Grand the entiraweek in addition to the regular vaudeville performance which will be changed every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. During her engagement therewill be only one performance, commencing at eight o'clock.The prices for next week only willbe 15 cents for adults, ten cents forchildren and ten cents in the gallery.You don't want to miss this wonderfulattraction.car-iI The "House of Quality" onlyI ries the very best in Solid Silver Ianrl w ran aivp rrni vfhifr wfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.nri u r r i?. na rnaim nr iiiaiirrrB Both Phones.Special SaleOFFARM FOR SALE.I offer for sale, privately, my farmof 235 acres, lucated on the Paris andGeorgflown lurnpike, about eightmiles from Paris and nine miles fiomGeorgetown. This farm is all in grass.Well located in good neighborhood.For further information apply toMRS. MARY IRELAND DAVIS,9 tf Paris, Ky.i?ifH?i?irFor one week we will show at greatly reduced !prices the latest patterns and decorations of Havi- Srand other French manufacturers, with orTo those interestedwould advisethem "To take a look."ip Class Diemmit land& without initial or monogram.X, in a handsome dinner or tea set, weXL4FORD & CO.&&$tf4&ifetfifaifrfytffa&See Window Display.iiEveiyDody Ifiai BppreciaiesGood Furniiure.?JTiis is a dainty strapless, high gradePijmp, made on special lasts, .thus assuringTir'ismooLn, graceiuruu vvtriittve liiciu ulV - " ? Satin, Gun Metal and Patent Kid. TheyVw. must be seen to be appreciated. Worth 4. M4-1Special $2.99Boy's Elk Outing Shoes, the ideal SummerShoe for young men.Special $ 1 .24We are now showing a fine assort. ment of Ladies' White High ButtonShoes, Smart Pumps, with or withoutstraps.WE SAVE YOU MONEYWalk-Over Oxfords will make life'swalk easy for you. We aresole agentslvDAN COHEN336 Main Street, - -. - Paris, Kentucky(0)Will find much to admire here.Especially just now.We've added to our stock quitea bit lately.Strengthened it filled it outwhere it seemed to us itneeded it.Put in a lot of new Rockers,some new Dining RoomFurniture.Some particularly pretty Parlor PiecesAnd other things.So now our invitation to seethem is out.And it includes YOU.The New Better Value StoreMi. Wheeler Furniture CcnCorner 8th and Main, "Robneel" Building(0) I(0) iz.59Q Z9zI6 79 mIziu'L iHAT THElBJG ELECTRIC SIGN. BOTH TELEPHONESJ. wT.' .Jf& r2f"ur f ,JV V-- ,trS'h rim -.F,J:l-TMm? .arrr w & "J i