r"" p- "yirrx rr1''THE BOURBON NEWS,Hv ?PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 18, 1911.-ociWtototostototowftAStotosftIft1im'i--JCgftggSfo3m5ffi3e?eEjIPT3y'Jlfift andL.semi-weekiu specialsAt TheSIMONDcp't Store,Monday, Aug. 21,Ladies9 $3. SO Slippers, half-price,$175; 1 pair to a customer.Sale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE New line of Tailored Suits, Skirtsand White Felt Hats just arrived.iJBEST GROCERIES$ Cost Least At The Robneel.W16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar. . '. . . .$1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes :10Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50Blueing, 2 boxes 05Best Gun Powder Tea, per pound 75Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per pound.. .50Full Quart Can Karo Syrup r. 10Brooms, 5-Tie 25Five Gallons Best Oil 45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlu2 Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. C. LENIHAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,wtoftof- TeJMHemli&STRAW HATS 1-2 OFFm - t a - r r-k u jt war a i m m- m- m-- m m m tkt".-m B.W-.- - -- - -PANAMA BATS25 Per Cent Off&s?SSHfONE LOT BOYS' 50c GAPS NOW 15c MmmPrice & CO.,Clothiers.HPvPsQ-;rCounty Sunday Schools in Convention. 'The Bourbun County Inter-DenominationalSunday School Associationheld a convention Tuesday morningand afternoon in the Baptist church.The meeting was presided over by Mr.H. A. Power, county president. Afterthe devotional exercise's, conducted byRev. Carey E. Morgan, and the reportof the secretary, Mr. Houston Rion,Rev. O. B. Crockett made an addressin Personality Teaching, which wasvery practical and thoughtful.The story of the Internationl convention held at San Francisco in July,was told in a very entertaining manner by Mr. W. J. Vaughn, of Louisa,Ky., field worker for the KentuckySunday School Association. Hisaccount of the proceedings of the convention was very instructive, and herelated many interesting incidents ofhis trip. He also stated that there aremore Sunday schools in the mountaincounties of Kentucky in proportion tothe population than in any of thecounties in Central Kentucky, and thatmere boys and girls of school ageattend the Sunday schools there thanelsewhere in the State.After a solo by Mr. Floyd, the meeting adjourned until 2 p. m., when thedevotional services was conducted byRev. J. T. Sharrard.Mr. Vaughan again addressed themeeting upon "The Present Day Demands Upon the Church and SundaySchools," and made a strong plea forthe spirit of conquest and .consecrationin the work. Rev. E. M. LightfootfolloweJ with an address upon"Parental Responsibility" and urgedhe necessity of co-partnership between parent and child.After a discussion of variousmethods of the work, conducttd byMr. Vaughan, the committees on resolutions and nominations reported. Mr.W. O. Hinton, chairman of the lattercommittee.submitted the names of thefollowing to act as officers for the ensuing year:Professor George W. Chapman,president J. B. Barnett, vice president, and Houston Rion, secretary andtreasurer, who were duly elected.The lollowing delegates were appointed to the State Convention to beheld in Louisville October 19-22:Rev. and Mrs. E. M. Lightfoot,Rev,. C. E. Morgan, Dr. F L. Lapsley, Mr. James Smith, Mr. HoustonRion, Mr. H. A. Power, Mrs. B. M.Shive, Mrs. Walter Clark, Mrs. William Myall, Mr. D. Y. Farley.The time and place for holding thenext convention will be determinedlater.The follwoing resolutions wereadopted :We, the Borubon County SundaySchool Union in session assembled inthe Baptist church at Paris,Kentucky,believe, thatWhereas, the Sunday schools of ourcounty could be brought into closerunion with each other, and the variedmethods of work as used by each denominational school, by compaiisonwith one another in such conferenceswould be of untold value, andWhereas, but few of our countyschools are represented in this annualgathering, therefore be it resolvedThat we urge upon the officers ofthis organization ,to arrange a programme at least one month prior tothe time of annual meeting, same tobe published in all county papers together with time and place of meeting, and be it further resolvedThat all our county schools be urgedto make out and forward report oftheir work to the secretary of theunion, that we commend the gatheringof all statistics as to non-attendingSunday Bchool pupils, that the HomeDepartment, Cradle Roll, and GradedSystem, so far as the latter is practicable in view of local conditions beadopted by the various schools, andbe it further resolvedThat we commend our brother, W. J.Vaughan, as an interesting and efficient Sunday school worker, that weurge a heartier co-operation with ourState Association, and that our schoolssend a large representation to theState Convention at Louisville, Kentucky, on October 19-22, 1911.Respectfully submitted,MRS. WM. MYALL,MRS. B. M. SHIVE,REV. E. M. LIGHTFOOT.Committee.School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland will open her private school on September 4 for classification. Work will beign September11. Number of pupils limited. Yourpatronage solicited. 15 8tImmense Stock of Wall Paper.Big variety of wall paper to selectfrom, and it must be sold. Bargainsfor you.J. T. HINTON.Blacksmith Foully Murdered.Wm. E. Slade, veteran balcksmitband gunsmith, was found murdered athis home in Cynthiana' Wednesdayafternoon.Mr. Slade was found lying across hisbed, clad only in his underwear. Hewas cold and stiff in death. Bloodsmeared his features and the bedding.A lamp on a table was burning.He had been struck in the head fouror five times with Home blunt instrument, and had been shot in the abdomen. An overturned chair was theonly evidence of a struggle.Steele's shot gun with both barrelsloaded stood by the bed. His revolver,with every chamber loaded, was underhis pillow. It is probable he wasmurdered while he slept.Robbery is the only cause assigned.One dollar was found in his trouserspocket. His watch was lying on thefloor still running. But his nocket-book in which he usually carried considerable moneyjwas mi&sing.tLC mm im m v Hk. I - m. mm m. m, a a- wc tvrNtJW now "STRAW HATS ATHALF PRICEWe are selling our entire line of Straw Hats andPanamas at half-price. Plain Straws. Rough Strawiand Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowns, all Shapes and Styles.Come in and buy a hat that will keep your headcool during this hot month, and it will cost you butvery little.JLook For The New StoreMitchell & Blakemore9IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyS EiEimiiiMiiiiiiimuiLiiiiii 1 1 i 1 1 1 ii i i 1 1 1 ii i ii ii ii iii 1 1 1 i ii 1 1 ii i ii ii mi 1 1 e i ii rii ii ii ill iii ii li iiii ii li iiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiii ii jAFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.32REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles in'LAWNSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at 10 and 12 J -2c a yardNew Fall Styles in Dress Ginghamsat 10 and 12 !-2c yard.SUMMER SLIPPERSWe have just received several of the very newest stylfcsin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede at1.95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pair!Remnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,Calicoes, Etc, all at Big Reductions8Frank & Co. . ,Paris, - - Kentuckyt ' iiiiriiiiiuiiiiiin inuuiim 3:iiiiiiiii!iiiiJii!iiiijiuiiiinii iuiiiiniiiiiiiJiuJjLJJLLiiiiiiiiiiiiiii niiiiiiiiiiif inTiiimiHiiciwtjk. -- --- -- jvj i.'j wJ -v m-ve j mssjt kjtn wmmvwm wjI5,itoas1.I1r.HIV1.:!1;I3. ?1if111111flli'1i if,1MHm6 "iflA jfegl.jBKH tWTHlCHT C6.T0J BAMgMM"They last a lifetime. They'reInexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurther detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.VfMH-K i.Hy'f tbh .ysss y-z iEiirmr,Jfereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of new and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fino Lettering by Pneumatic Toois Our Specially..0?iS SETTER.Wm. Jidams & Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THE.SdfrgLOWRY &k IjAtN"js? ..gtffi!giSSSg&SyajSoBarW''-I Bourbon LaundryI' DAVIS & FUNK, Props.it'f Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.ftWBourbonParis,Kentucky.First Street Tramways.Street tramways were first openedat London in 1861.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?We have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer . public. After careful investigation we have found that& simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,jfts compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itnd although there are many so-called"Eczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D."Prescription.Because We know that it gives inS.stant relief to that torturing Itch.Because d. D. D. starts the cure atJthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andIheals the skin.Because ft enables Nature to repairthe ravages of the disease.- Because The records of ten year3.f complete cures of thousands of theraost serious cases show that D. D. D.,ls today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.f Drop Into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.r'sVBfc.' 0Fireproof Stormproof ftORIGINALITY. and SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are Displayedin Our Work.An individuality distinyuislics our Jfonuments from all otliers, while prices areNOKE CKCAPE3GARDENis'a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get ain'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. TALBOTTA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and -Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.' , LIQUID CURES ECZEMA jWHERE SALVE FAILS 'In regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Doa't imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multiply.A. true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done. ,A 25-cent trial bottle will start thecure, and give ycu instant relief. ,G. S. Tarfen & Son.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST IB, 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH" 'PHONES, 124.SWFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 1 29 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, 51.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in- black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cent3 per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$2.00. Payable inThe County Unit Plank is Adopfed.:"The Democrats of Kentucky Tues-day night adopted a platform on whichtheir candidates, previously named ina primary, will go before the peopleof the Siate and ask for theirsuffrage.'lhe fight on the county unit plankas was forecast, took place and onewas , inserted declaring that temperance should not be made a partisianssue between political parties, butcalling for an extension of the presentlocal option law as applied to the saleof liquors so that the citizens of eachcounty may determine whether liquorsshall oe sold theiein.The ptonK favored by Mr. McCreary,the candidate for Governor, and fomerGov. Beckham. A minority reportoffered by three Qf the 13 members ofthe committee Webster Helm, ofCampbell county ; James M. O'Brien,of Bourbon, and Henry Watterson, ofJefferson, was defeated after a rollcall conteated every inch of the way,the vote as announced by the secretarybeing 66 to 514 against substitutingthe minority report for the majorityplank.The climax to the convention was asdramatic as any ever witnessed inKentucky. All afternoon the delegates favoring the "extension of thecounty unit" the phrase used by Mr.Beckham and other supporters todesignate their position wrangled atthe Masonic Theater.Things became heated "from themoment the Committee on Credentialspresented its report ,at the afternoonsession, and the interest tof the delegates in the struggle waxed steadilyuntil the dramatic moment came atthe.night session when the editor andformer Governor appeared on thesame platform, The one tn uphold theprinciples for whicn he had foughtsince entering joumalirfm, the other toask the delegates to" support a distinctstep toward making Kentuky "dry."The i ejected palnk as submitted as asubstitute for Section 13 of themajority report is as follows:"The Democratic party of Kentuckyis, and has always been, a party ofmoderation and temperance. Everyexisting statute in restriction of thesale and use of intoxicants was enacted by a Democratic Legislature andapproved by a Democratic Governor.Unalterably opposed to the principleof paternalism, and pledging the partyto the rigorous enforcement of thelaws, the Democrats of ,Kentucky renew their allegiance to the timehonored principle of self-governmentana home-rule embodied by the localopiion clause of the State constitutionand denounce the double-dealing andhypocrisy of theRepublican efforts todrag into'party polities a social, moraland rsligious question having noprcper place therein."henry" watterson.'webster helm."James m. o'brien."Congress May Adjourn Aug. 22.y Adjournment of the present sessionof Congress August22, at 4 p. m.,was provided for in a concurrent resolution offered Tuesday by Senator Penrose, Cnairman of the Finance Committee. The resolution was referredto the Committee on Appropriationsafter Senators Cummins and Bristowhad declared that they would opposevigorously the adjournment of Congress until other tariff schedules,particualrly steel and sugar, had beentaken up and disposed of.POPULAR EXCURSION"Land of the Sky" and "Sapphire Country.7 'Tuesday, September 12 the Queen &Crescent Route in connection withSouthern Railway will operate aspecial excursion to the' "Land of tfieSky" and "Sapphire Country" at tfiefollowing low round trip fares fromLexington :Asheville, N C , $7.50.Hendprsonville, N. C, "S8.50.Waynesville, N. C, 8.50.LakejToxaway. N. C, S9.50.Final limit to return until September 27, 1911.Special train consisting of Pullmandrawing room sleeping cars, Pullmanobservation sleeping cars, modern daycoaches, electrically lighted, will leaveLexington at 9 p. m. Tuesday, September 12.Upon paymept of $1.50 additional tofates named above tickets will berouted going direct or returning viaChattanooga, .. Lookout Mountain, orthe reverse.Stopovers will be permitted at manypoints, i including Knoxville, Tenn.,enabling passengers to visit the GreatAppalachian Exposition.Ask ticket agents for particulars oraddressH. C. KING, P. & T. A.,Lexington, Ky.W. A. BECKLER, G. P. A., --.;. , ' Cincinnati, Ohic.NO. 32(r''MAIN STREET".- Editor and Ow erSIX MONTHSAdvance$1,00DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor GovernorJAMES B. McCREAPvYof MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEAof LoganFor Auditor' t HENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARlNTETTj of AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIUSof PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAMLETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W. NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAYONE WEAK SPOT.Most Paris People Have a WeakPart and Too Often It'sthe Back.Everyone has a weak spot.Too often it's a bad back.Twinges follow every sudden twist.Hull aching keeps up, day and night.Tells you the kidneys need helpFor backache is really kidneyache.A kidney cure is what you need.Dean's Kidney Pills cure sick kidneys. Cure backache and urinary ills." Good proof in the following statement: C. M. Hamilton, farmer, W. Mamstreet, Carlisle, Ky., says: "Abouteight years ago I was afflictea withtyphoid fever which left my kidneysvery weak and from that time on Iwas subject to attacks of kidney complaint My back became weak andlame and if I stooped, sharp twinges,like the stab of a knife.darted throughmy body.. The kidney secretions were,also out of order being at times toofrequent in passage, then again justthe reverse. I recently got ta box JcfDoan's Kidney Pills and they livedo upto all the claims made for them, entirely relieving me.''Attacked by Hog.While trying to drive a hog out ofhis cornfield near Berry Monday,Squire J. S. Baskett was attacked bythe enraged animal which turned uponhim, knocking him down and inflictingseveral very severe wounds, the mostalarming bHing one on his right hand,which was nearly tprn off. Mr.Baskett succeeded in getting awayfrom the hog and going to the housesecured a shotgun and returning killedthe hog. Mr. Baskett was formerly amerchant of Boyd, Harrison county,and at present is Justice of the Peaceof the Berry magisterial district.Dyes Give Life to Furs.Dyed furs retain their color longerthan skins which have not been dyed.$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that-, science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. H all's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional disease requiresa constitutional- treatment. Hall'oCatarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly U'on the blood andmucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of thedisease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative powers that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressF. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo. O.Sold by druggists 75c.Take. Hall's Family Pills for constipation. . ,tAJP"The stomach is a larger factor in "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness " than most people are aware. Patriotismcan withstand htrager but not dyspepsia. The confirmed dyspeptic "is fit for treason, stratagems and spoils." The manwho goes to the front for his country with a weak stomachwill be a weak soldier and a fault finder.A sound stomach makes for good citizenship aswell as forhealth and happiness.Diseases of the stomach and other organs of digestion andnutrition are promptly and permanently cured by the use ofDr. PIERBE'S GOLDEN METHGTIL DISCOVERYIt builds up the body with sound flesh andsolid muscle.The dealer who offers a substitute for the "Discovery" isonly seeking to make the little more profit realized on thesale of less meritorious preparations.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser is sent freeon receipt of stamps to pay expense of mailing only. Send21 one.-cent stamps for the paper covered book, or 31 stampsfor the cloth bound. Address World's Dispensary MedicalAssociation, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.(" r I a XIW ISf 8GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALMER.BOTH'PHONBS DAY 137; NIGHT 399.iVtX&gjsgSt'qea'igg-jgigs)"Success" in Dodson & Denton'sBusiness doesn't mean a lot of goods sold, but agreat lot of satisfied customers. TryDodson & DentonPARIS, KY.QKSccSSaXs'CSgEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour-bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little9 Rock anRuddles Mills. '"When you have East Tennessee service- youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedKI1UI1TISICured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B.Tested for3T) Years.Achingbones swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpureJdotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If vou have bone rains. sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you hve to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale ; skin itchesana Durns; enncing pains ; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,"sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S impxO s:nt free by writing Blood.-Ti d . Atlanta, Ga. Describev var trcuole p-nd free medical advicegi.-n. .-3l:l ty Varden & Son.Human Nature.Human nature is so inherently crueltHat nothing amuses the average manmore than to see a poor lame duckstill limping around without a job.Columbus Journal.Falls Victim to Thieves.S. W. "Bends, of Coal City, AlaMhasa justifiable grievance. Two thievesstole his health for twelve years.Theywere a liver and kidney trouble.ThenDr. King's New Life Pills throttlpdthem. He's well now. Unrivaled fo.constipation, malaria, headache, dyspepsia. 25c at Qbertforfer's, vPatriotism1and be satisfied.A Sure Cure for PilesMr. F. S. Randall of No. 20 East Maia St,Leroy, N. Y., writes that Bloodiae Ointment baaSroven efficacious in a stubborn case of Piles andLectaJ Fissures where everything else has failed.Bloodine Ointment is sold on a positire gpsrantuto cure Piles or money back.b the most healing salre in the world. It will pe4uiveir cure cuts, Durns, old sores, eczeaa. utter,salt rheum and all skin diseases.Found at Lasta cure for Eczema. Mrs. Charles Blanchard ofPhiladelphia, Pa., writes that she had suffered formany years with this terrible disease-and had triedremedy after remedy for it, but could not End acure, until she was advised to try Bloodine Ointment, and to her great surprise ose box healed opnearly all of the old sores, aad the second boxcompletely cured her. 50c. a box by mail.Bloodine Liver Pills cure Coastipatioa. 25c. afeex. 'W. T. Brooks, Agent.Bicycle Rider's Narrow Escape.An unusual mishap befell Wm.Thomson of Old Meldurm, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, lately. "While cyclingagainst a very strong wind, the ashe3from his pipe were blown behind hisneck and set fire to his rubber coat,his shirt and muffler. Soon h waswrapped in flames. In vain he triedto beat them out, and he was severely burned before a farmer, who heardhis shouts for help, drowned out thafire with water.is taken by people in tropical countries all the yearround. It stops wasting andkeeps ud the strength andvitality in summer as wellas winter.ALL DRUGGISTSttG- S. Varden & Son.Ji. r'.i..i.ii..i.Mi...T.THE jBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST .18, 19,11,.'tVasm?w?w?w?w?iJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!- jp . ,4Pt7lsezzr-JPpc"MA Bleafk nrd Barren Coast.'Bleak and 'barren is the west coast ofSouth .America, where it is alwayscloudy, yet never rains, -where it ischiUy even up -under the equator,where 'never a tree nor a blade of;grass is to be seen only the parchedand .hunghy foothills of the Andes,swept with windrows of sand, and beihind them -fleeting glimpses of thelowering peaks -of the main mpuntainchain. iProbabhy nowhere else in theworld Is there a seacoast of equal ex'tent so 'desolate and uninviting.Harbors there are few or none. Coquimbo, 200 'miles north of Valparaiso, and-Callao are safe and of com-imercial value. But. although there arefew harbors, there are many ports.The 'Pacific ocean, true on this coast,at least, to its -name, makes it possible'for a vessel to anchor almost anywhere to take and leave cargo by:means of lighters. Loading and unloading the lighters at the shore are-made-possible by artificial breakwatersor a fortunate conformation of theland Avhich affords shelter for smallcraft New 'York PostTPvE J9B ReOfflS OFTHE'BHRBNNewsAre .prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIIIHFAOSLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.When You Break Cut Glass.An accident to cut glass invariablyplunges the owner of it into clouds ofgloom, but often these clouds have silver linings. Before throwing thepieces away examine each piece separately and see 'if it could be cut downinto anything smaller. Shops which-deal in cut glass -usually have a cutteron 'the premises. A case is told of a'bride who upon entering the diningroom arrived in time to see, but notprevent, her maid -from pulling insteadof pushing the extension table, and as'it separated in the middle severalpieces of valuable cut glass which hadbeen 'placed thereduring the cleaningtime reil through witn a crash to tnefloor. It seemed a hopeless accident,but a rose bowl was cut down from adecanter, following the pattern nearthe neck, which 'had broken off; a smallviolet holder was cut down from a tallvase, a tiny sugar bowl from a vinegarcruet, and a small bonbon dish wassaved from a larger cut glass bowl.vsvomans Home Companion.A Clever Crow.As to a crow's ability to talk, said anaturalist, some will and others willnever learn. The "first of the fourbirds I have 'had recently was a wonderful talker. Unlike the parrot, hisconversation seemed intelligent ratherthan simply imitative. For instance,if I said fto him. "Hello, Jack?" hewould answer, "HelloJ" and not puton the "Jack." as so many parrots dowhen one -says. "Hello, Polly!"'But 'he could imitate me also. He'found that when any one called andsaid, "Hello. Wood!" my reply was alow "Hello!" He tried in every wayto imitate -that low tone of mine andfinally succeeded. He would go overto 'his -water trough and with his headIn -the air would cry, "Hello, Woodl"Then -down would go his head in thetrough, and out would come the "Hel-Iol" 'just like mine. Washington Star.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themworkOur type is new and modernfaces.Temperature of Sea Water.The temperature of ocean water varies at the surface from 2S degrees P.at the poles to over 80 degrees F. inthe tropics. The cold water towardthe poles has an annual variation ofless than 10 degrees F. at any one spot,and the warm water of the tropicsalso has an annual variation of lessthan 10 -degrees P. in a band that nearly encircles the earth. This is the region of the coral reefs and atolls. Between these regions of small annualvariation there are two bands' surrounding the earth where the annualvariation is greater and may exceed incertain regions 40 degrees P. at anyone spot Marine Journal.The Woman In the Case.A mother-in-law had stayed so often with her daughter as to. cause aquarrel with the husband.One day she found her daughterweeping in the drawing room."What's the matter? Gracious me,don't say that George has left you!"she exclaimed."He has," replied the young wifetearfully."Then there's a woman in the case?"mater asked, her eyes lighting up expectantly. "Yes.""Who is it?""You!"Ok Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.SlMMMMMKA Mode! Horse.Hi Billings went to a horse sale oneday and bought a horse for $18. Whenhe got the horse home he offered it abucket of water, but it wouldn't drink.After that he gave it a feed of corn,but it wouldn't touch that either. "Bygosh," he said, "you're the very horsefor me if you'll only work!"Probably There Now.Bobby Pa, did you ever see an armof the sea?Father Yes. ,"Where was it?""It was hugging the shore the last Isaw of it." Smart SetOurselves.No one was ever yet made utterlymiserable excepting by himself. , Weare, if not the masters, at any rate almost the creators of ourselves. Epic-,tetus.The Yankee Twist."You can always tell an Englishman said the Briton proudly."Of course you can," replied the Yankee, "but It doesn't do any good."Pel! Into Luck.Artist What a beautiful place thisIs! I suppose you camehere for theView? Old Lady No; I wasn't ,cotiimlted.. 1 was born hei.A Few Thoughts on Money.Money, otherwise known as tin,dough, cush, gelt, rocks, etc.The corpuscles of national circulation which indicate the strength of ourconstitution.It is often called a curse. Someswear by It, others swear for It, andstill others swear at it.It often causes a species of mentalderangement or delirium called moneymania. Many are willing to be thusinoculated.It is the feature of social distinction.It is the measure of intelligencethose who have it are wise, thos,e whohave it not are foolish. Possession ofIdentities one to the use of a moneygram. Though a medium of exchange, ithas no connection with souls or astraltodies.It is the religion of today, oftencalled moneytheism. Preachers prayfor it; laymen lay for it.It Is the be all and the end all. Children cry for it, women sigh for it, mendie for it, and all He for it Smart Set.Wrecked by a Knife Blade.A ship was once wrecked on theIrish coast. The captain was a careful one. Nor had the weather been ofso severe a kind as to explain thewide distance which the vessel hadswerved from her proper course. Theship went down, but so much interestattached to the disaster that a divingbell was sunk. Among other portionsof the vessel that were examined wasthe compass that was swung on thedeck, and inside the compass box wasdetected a bit of steel, which appearedto be the small point of a pocketknife blade. It was learned that theday before the wreck a sailor whohad been set cleaning the compasshad used his pocket knife in the process and had unceremoniously brokenoff the point and left it remaining Inthe box. That bit of knife blade exerted its influence on the compass andto a degree that deflected the needlefrom its proper bent and vitiated it asan index of the ship's direction. Thatbit of knife blade wrecked the vessel.Cheeky John Forster.In "William Harrison Ainsworth andHis Friends" the author, S. M. Ellis,tells a quaint story of Ainsworth andhis friend John Forster. Aiusworthhad discovered a fine set of Hogarth'sengravings which was held at 5, asum which, he said. "I could not justthen spare or at least did not think Iought to spare. 1 took John Forsterdown to see the Hogarths. whereuponhe actually said that he would audmust have them himself and as he hudnot 5 of loose money at that momentI should lend that sum to him. Ipointed out the, absurdity of the positionthat I wanted the engravings formyself and could not afford to lay outthe money; how. then, could 1 lend Itto him? It was of no use. He overruled me, had the 5 of me and boughtthe Hogarths I was longing for."The Moves In Chess.In the number of possible moveschess stands alone among games, andnot only is it perfectly safe to say thatno living man has ever made evenonce every possible inove. but it Ishighly improbable that in all the centuries of the history of the game hasevery possible move been made. Thedifferent ways of playing the first fourmoves on each side are so numerousthat if every man, woman and childin a city of half a million populationwere to set to work playing them atthe rate of four moves a minute nightand day it would be more than a yearbefore any one would be able to leavethe chessboard.Scotch Students.Many a man who never had any"schooling" gets an education, andoften a surprisingly good one.A traveler in Scotland once met afarmer whose ground rent was about520 a year and who wrote poetry inGaelic that was of a high order.This same traveler met a youth inScotland who rode from home onhorseback to the seaport and thenacross Scotland to Aberdeen, where hesold his horse to enter the university.It is related of another Scotchmanthat he was overheard repeating a lineof Tennyson, whereupon some one asked him what poet he liked best"Homer," he replied."Whose translation do you read?'"I rarely read a translation," hesaid, wiping the fish scales from hisapron. "1 like best to read Homer inthe original Greek." Minneapolis Tribune.A Freak Tortoise."Patrick, Patrick!" admonished alady. "Be careful where you are walking! You nearly trod upon my darlingtortoise!""Och, be aisy, me lady!" rejoined herIrish gardener. "Shure an' I wouldn'thurt a hair ot his head, the sweet cratur!" London Telegraph.His Choice.Kindly Old Man Well, my littleman, what would you like to be whenyou grow up?Little Man Id like to be a nice oldgentleman like you. with notbin' to dobut walk around and ask questions.All About a Cruiser."What sort of a boat is this?" inquired the inquisitive man at thedocks."A cruiser," replied a smart lad."And where is she going?""A cruise, sir.""What makes it go?""It's screw, sir.""Who are on board?""It's crew, sir.""It looks pretty smart.""We have to keep it clean, or rubbish and dust would accrue, sir.""Oh. you're too smart! Where doyou come from?""From Crewe, sir." London TitManhattan Scallop.A delicious breakfast or luncheondish is Manhattan scallop. Shred sufficient cold cooked fish to measure agood half pint It must be free fromskin and bone. Add to it one cupfulof fine stale breadcrumbs, a good seasoning of salt and pepper, two wellbeaten eggs mixed with a half cupfulof stewed tomatoes. Turn all into abuttered dish, sprinkle the top withbuttered breadcrumbs, dot with bits ofbutter and brown in a hot oven. Suburbanite.His Protest.A bright little lad heard his parentstalking about the salaries of teachers."1 don't see why they should pay theteachers," he said very seriously,"when we children do all the work."Mixed.Policeman (to clubman returninghome late) Here, you can't open thedoor with that It's your cigar. ClubmanGreat Scott then I have smokedmy latchkey! Rlre.Some of the best and happiest hourspossible to 'a man's life are held intrust for him, so to speak, by his fellow men.ALL MY PIMPLES GONESizes of the Planets.An ingenious way of comparing thesizes of planets with the sun is suggested by a French scientific writer.Let the earth, he says, be representedby a twenty franc- piece; then Venus is15 francs; Mars, 2: Mercury, 7; Uranus,280; Neptune, 320: Saturn, 1,840; Jupiter, 6,800, and the bun 0,780,000.'A Time For Blindness.There is' sometimes a greater charityin seeming not to see our neighbor'strouble than in trying to relieve it"Let me alone!" is the prayer of manyLooked Like a Big Dose.The man in bed had never been sickbefore. The doctor, wishing to ascertain his temperature, pointed the thermometer at him and commanded:"Open your mouth, Jim.""Wait a minute, doc," objected thepatient. "I don't b'lieve I can swalierthat" Judge.Girl' Tells How a Blotchy Skin WaiCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashanTed of my face," write3Miss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so fanous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that Its value is sometimes overlookedin clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsare so carefully compounded there isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. Is pleasant to uce, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingred-n tnrtiirpfl hpnrt whpn the furious, the iients. To prove it we will send yon a::;.7r..rr.; :;:;," ;;"" ;wu;" sample treatmjsjst u-kjujsUU1WUUS UUU LUC K1V.UC33 1UILC LUC UUUlof its place of desolation, albeit theybring wine and oil.Nature' Scene Shrftinjp; " "Although In the geological past vaafcchanges of level occurred tm ibe Iwrders and even in the center of coatinents, it is a debated question whetherat present similar- elevatkma and subsidences can be detected. Recently thfrequently repeated statement that thecoasts of Massachusetts and New Jersey are perceptibly sinking has l&eadisputed, the apparent subsidence being ascribed to simple, changes offshore line. But some curious recordskept In Europe seem to indicate thatactual fluctuations of the level of theland may occasionally be observed. Inthe valley of the Main a church towerhidden behind a mountain screen has1since 1SG1 gradually risen iato plainview from the chateau of Strossendorf, and still farther in the same direction another church tower, whichbegan to be visible from Strossendorfeighty years ago, is now clearly seenabove the horizon and is said to risehigher as time goes on. Similar records exist in Bohemia, in Switzerlandin Spain and in the French Jura- jQuestions and Answers.The time elapsing between a question and an answer is almost us important as the answer itself. It may bewisely long or short, but the longer itIs the wiser must be the answer.Let nothing shocking to eyes or earsapproach those doors that close udobjour child. Juvenal.Catarrh is not only dangerous butt causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system ot thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B- B.Jpurifies the blood, does away withevery Bvmpthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood ot warm, -rich,pure blood direct" to the paralyzednerves, and pasta affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just. where it is needed, andrn teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress,$l per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples 3ent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.Ocean Derelicts.There is an old dreacTf encountering a derelict that is just below thesurface of the water. There is nosuch danger. A derelict that will sinkbelow the surface will sink to the bottom. Take a tub of water and try tofind any object that will unattached!occupy a position that is other than atthe surface or at the bottom. " There;is a long task ahead of you. There Isthe false theory that the water grow3denser as one goes deeper and that asinking object will find a place whereit will remain suspended. This theory,is not correct, and a boat that willsink beneath the surface will sink tothe bottom, even if that bottom shouldbe twenty miles down. The derelictthat is bumped into has a piece of Itself sticking out of the water as analarm If the eyes of the lookout areonly sharp enough to catch it New,York Tribune.Knew the Boundary Line.The friends of a couple in Clevelandin whose household no doubt exists asto who is the head of the family, tellan interesting story relative to the lasttrifling passage at arms between husband and wife. One evening just before dinner the wife, who had been,playing bridge all the afternoon, earnerin to find her husband and a strangeman (afterward ascertained to be a.lawyer) engaged in some mysteriousbusiness over the library table, uponwhich were spread several sheets ofpaper."What are you doing with all thatpaper, Henry?" demanded the wife-"I am making a wish," meekly responded the husband. 1"A wish?""Yes. my dear. In your presence Ishall not presume to call it a will.'Lippincott's.INot a Hindrance.It was a revival meeting, and thechurch workers were working up anddown the aisles. A gray haired womanpast middle age approached a sedatelooking gentleman who occupied a rearseat on the end of the row. Placingher hand on his 'shoulder with maternaltouch, she said:"Don't you think you would like tobe a Christian?""My dear madam," hebegan, "don'tyou know that I am professor of theology in the little semfnary at the otherend of the town?"The woman, a homely character, andignorant of the "isms" and "ologies"of the modern curriculum, gave answerin smooth accents:"Well, my dear brother, don't allowa little thing like that to stand in yourway." Philadelphia Times.Garrick and Kitty Clive.Kitty Clive, the paramount soubretteof Garrick's time, was celebrated foeher temper and her spiteful tongue.She denied "little Davy" had skill intragedy and mocked at him when heprepared to put on "Hamlet." Duringthe performance she stood .in thewings, intending to scoff, but she wascarried away with enthusiasm in spiteof herself and applauded vigorously."Well, Kitty," asked Garrick as hecame off the stage, "have I convincedyou that 1 can act in tragedy?"Kitty burst into tears of vexation,declaring, "Why. you, Davy, youcould act a gridiron!"Fine Scheme.Wife Please match this piece oftsilkfor me before you come home. HusbandAt the counter where the sweetlittle blond works, the one with thesoulful eyes and Wife No. You'retoo tired to shop for me when yourday's work is done. dear. On sei-ondthought I won't bother you. DetroitNews.Losing Hep Interest."Mrs. Billerock is getting old 1 knowit""What now?""She says that the stores don't havefa good bargains now as formerly."Buffalo Express.The Hatter's Comment."How gracefully young Skivett raiseslis hat!""1 wish be could raise the price ofthe hat half as gracefully." Clev el adPlain Dealer. 'The Fullness of Her Love.r lPettibone One cannot live on lovalone. Funnibone I can live ob mylove. Pettibone Why, how Je that?Funnibone She has $100,000 - Hxcbange. Fres prp made bcantlfnl by kindness 1 1 is, u divine Mru.jffcr.-JTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAWS; KENTUCKY, AUGUST 18, 1911tJj!iIinIft.MIPm3 i?!T ISiSH!3'!!News of Blue Grass Players.r Pitcher Del Chase has been tradedto Huntington by the Maysville club.v Manager McKernan Wednesday gavePitcher Oscar George his release. Theaction of McKernan was necessary toset in the 12-player limit as Maffitt isbeing carried in Mayer's place whilethe latter is off with a bum hand.7f aster s SaleOFCity Property.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Anna Massie, Executrix, &c.On petition.By virtue of a judgment fand orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSaturday, Angust 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., oncredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase moneysellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the property described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit:The property to be sold consists ofa lot and warehouse thereon ltin Paris,Ky.. adjoining the right of way of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company and decsribed as folllows :A certain brick warehouse and lot inParis, Bcurbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thefront by said street 103 feet beginningat the corner of the brick warehousenow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcratt at a point marked A on theside towards the Kentucky CentralRailroad and xunning from said corneralong said Main cross street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram marked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked C on the diagram, thewall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehousebeing on the line ; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance of 30 feet running along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central passenger depot to the corner of the housemarked D on the diagram given herein; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of61 1-2 ieet ; thence from the pointmarked E at the end of Hutchcraf t'swarehouse along the line of said warehouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedF on the diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches, and thence from saideorner along the said side of saidwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of tha Bourbon County Court.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety bearing interestat the rate'of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, haviDg the forceand effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be accepted for less than$8,000.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.Uloodlne Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and BladderDiseases by curing the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gentlemen :-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Bloodand Kidney Tablets They have helped me morethan any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,ruptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof the sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets promptly.Yours truly, Thomas Taylor, Adams, III.W. T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALE.International Corn Husker good asnew.SAMUEL CLAY.28 tf R. F. D. No. 3.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, Aug. 20, '11Fare $1.51 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. xn.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS? Acrnf. or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.Immense Sums Given BallPlayers.When the 1911 season opened therewas much talk of the new battingrecords, which would go up ow;ng tothe new ball concerning which therehas been much talk all year. Andthere is one concern in the UnitedStates which can vouch for the factthat the new ball has. done somethingmorejthan create a lot of talk.BlackwelPs Durham Tobacco Company, the ownets of the herds of bullswhich are grazing in almost all thebase ball parks throughout tlie country, have finally reached the conclusionthat the new ball is made -of "Injer"rubber, instead of all the yarn, etc.,which the manufacturers claim.The tobacco company's claim restson the records which have been madeon their 186 Hull Durham signs, whehhave been hit 138 times, . making atotal of $6,900 which has been given tothe players who were able to meet thenew balls squarely.In these parks where the bulls appear there has been 2,460 home runsrecorded, which have been the meansof the heavy hitters receiving freeBull Durham to the extent of 11,070pounds.A special account of the doings inthe Blue Grass Laegue is given herewith to August 9. 1911 :Lexington The bull sign was hit onJune 25 by Charles Ellis, Lexington ;July 30 by Pat Bohannon, Frankfort.There have been 2b home runs recorded, making a total of 117 pounds ofBull Durham Tobacco.Maysville The Bull sign has notbeen hit There have been no homeruns recorded.Richmond The Bull sign was hit onMay 29 by Ed Coleman, Winchester;May 29, by Robert Bramlage, Richmond ; May 30 by Ray Haley, Richmond; May 31, by Frank WhittakerRichmond: May 31 by Frank Whittaker, Richmond ; June 28, by TexasMyers, Frankfort; July 21 by RayHaley, Richmond. There have been34 home runs recorded, makiner a totalof 153 pounds of Bull Durham Tobacco.Paris The Bull sign has not beenhit. There have been 7 home runsrecorded, making a total of 31 1-2pounds of Bull Durham Tobacco.The Bull signs in the Blue GrassLeague have been hit 9 times, makinga total of $450 which was given to thelucky players. There have been 67home runs recorded, making a total of301 1-2 pounds of Bull Durham Tobacco. More Mules Needed.An exchange sajs: "This countrynever has too many mules. There fsalways a buyer at a fair price for every mule that is raised. They are easyto raise and hard to kill off by hardwork, so at the end of their lives theyare money makers. According to gov-,ernment estimates the average farmprice of mules in this country has always been higher than the averageprice of horses. There is not so muchvalue put upon the best mules for showand advertising purposes as upon thebest horses, and on the other hand,there are probably not so many plugsamong mules as among horses. Privation and hardship are borne bravely bythe mule. His spirit is seldom in anecstasy of exuberant enthusiasm, nordoes it succumb to the discouragementof an unremitting grind of toil. Patient and equable in temper and hardyin body, the mule is fitted for the hardest, most wearing kind of labor. Is itany wonder that market prices reflecthis wide appreciation? So crest ia t.hdemand for mules that parties on theracinc coast nave recently been mvestiagting the feasibility of importingmules from China.Fathers Shot to Death.In a pistol duel on the streets ofSilerville Hannibal Ross and MarionStrunk were shot to death. Theirsons, John Strunk and jBurl Ross,were probably fatally wounded. Theshooting is the result of an old fead,and other members of both familiesalso took part.Cattle Shipped East.Monte Fox of Danville, shippedfrom Paris Wednesday nichf-. a finebunch of export cattle to the Easternmarket. Following is a list of thefarmers who sold to Mr. Fox, togetherwith the number of each anri rhpprices paid: From Amos and Jesselurney, 43 head, averaging 1,450pounds, at S5.85 per hundred; from J.C. Bryan, 61 head averaging 1.350pounds, at $5.65 per hundred ; from J.T. Estes, 32 head, averaging 1,400pounds, at $6 per head;, from W. G.McClintock, 20 head, averaeincr I.SRnpounds, at S5.80 per hundred.Another Good Rain.Another heavy rain fell in thisvicinity Tuesday afternoon, the precipitation continuing for twentyminutes. Reports from some sectionsof the county are to the effect the rainwas general but in several places onlylight showers fell.Receiver for Barley ConcernAsked.Insolvency, a reckless expendture ofmoney belonging to poolers andaoanaonment ot the whole theory andscheme of the pool, are among thecharges made made in the netitfnn nfJ. D. G rover, James W. Thacker andJohn F. Ford, tobacco groweis ofScott county, against the BurleyTobacco Society and the BurleyTobacco Company, which was filed inthe Fayette Circuit Court Wednesdayaftrenoon, a receivership and an accounting being prayed. -"IIFor God's Sake Do Something"Te nsve answoroa tms cryu our new dook "xrisnungthe Traffic in Young Girls'7by Ernest A. Bell. D. 8.District Attorney Sims andothers. The mort sena.tionnl fnrllctmnnt nf mWhite. 81aTe Trade everpuDiisnea. it tells howthousands of young girlsare lured from their homesannually and sold into alife ot shame. TheOincin.nati Inquirer says, "Of allthe book tot th teasoa the Waron the White Slare Trade It themort helpful; it thoald be readbf erery mas, woaaa sadchad." ifwt are aakinr frost8 to 117 a day seUIag this hook.Orer 680 paces. Many pictures.PrlM II U B... tffrts. CNrtsH fwc gsad 15e &r fenrardlag ehaM.5?lJ,T.44wM P0HaM aea receiptee priee.TjfcJsjweMera C., .,l. Q Hhvfu.. CuBASE BALL.TUESDAY.Paris . . 26 13 667Lexi'g'n 22 17 564M'ysVe 19 20 487Richro d 18 22 450Fr'nkf 't 16 23 410Win'ster 16 23 410After defeating Richmond MondayScheneberg came back Tuesday afternoon atd administered a defeat to theHustlers, Paris winning by a score of7 to 4.Burden, erstwhile enigma, presentedan asortment of slants to the taste ofthe locals who found him for twelvesafe hits.In only one inning did Schenebergshow any signs of Weakening and thatwas in the fourth when the visitorscounted their first runs. Twice theyhad the bases clogged, but thiee runswas the best they could do.The locals Btarted early in the gameand in the first session put over threeruns, iiarrcll was out on a high oneto Laross. McKernan singled andGoodman followed suit. Barnettdoubled, McKernan scoring and Goodman taking third. Both men weresent over when Maxwell singled tocenter. Kuhlman and Chapman hitinto outs.Another run came in the third.Goodman singled and Barnett walked.On Maxwell's out Goodman took third,scoring when Coleman dropped Kuhlman's high fly. Chapman sent a hotliner to Burden and the side was retired on a neat double.The visitors on four hits and anerror counted three runs in the fourth.Goosetree, Coleman and Brown singledin succession, filling the bases. Kuhlman 's error permitted Goosetree toscore, and Reed's single sent Colemanacross the plate. Laross went to thirdon a cnoice wnen MeeK nit into adouble. Burden flied to Chapman.Not to be outdone the Bourbonitescounted another trio in their half aftertwo were down. Maffitt singled andwas forced at second on Scheneberg' sgrounder. Scheneberg in turn wasforced out by Harrell. Harrell stolesecond, scoring when Laross droppedMcKernan's fly close to the left foulline. Goodman, Barnett and Maxwellfollowed with singles in rapid 'succession on which McKernan; and Goodmanscored.On an error, a pass 'ball and singlein the sixth the visitors scored anotherrun. The score:Winchester 0 0 0 3 0 10 0 0-4Paris 3 0 13 0 0 0 0 x 7Batteries Winchester, Burden andMeek ; Paris, Scheneberg and Maffitt.Errors Paris 2, Winchester 2. HitsParis 2, Winchester 8. Eaned runsWinchester 1, Paris 4. Two base hitsBarnett, Meek. Base on balte offBrown 1, off Scheneberg 2. Struck outby Scheneberg 3. Double playsBurden to Lake, McKernan to Barnett, Goosetree to Reed to Lake,Walshto Reed to Lake. Wild pitch Scheneberg. Pass ball -Maffitt. Hit bypitcher Chapman, Coleman. Time1 :40. Umpire Elgin. Attendance200.Lexington 3, Maysville 2. Richmond6, Frankfort 5.WEDNESDAY.Paris . . 26 14 650Lexi'g'n 23 17 576M'ysVe 19 21 475Richm'd 18 22 450Fr'nkf 't 17 23 425Win'ster 16 23 410Paris and Winchester 'engaged in aslug-fest Wednesday afternoon and theleague leaders recieved the mustterrific drubbing. The contest wasstarted with Hauser on the mound,and the locals took a good lead in theopening round, but the Paris hurlerweakened and after a dozen run1 hadbeen made he was jerked from themound and Harrell substituted.Harrell could not stop the slaughterand safeties went to the outfield, Singles, dobules and triples came in profusion and rapicTsuccession and whenthe contest closed the Hustlers hadeighteen runs and twenty safe drives.The locals connected with Platzerfrequently but the hits were wellscattered and after the initial inningthere was nothing more doing in therun getting for the McKernan men.Goosetree was easily the star getting five hits out of six timeB up wnileCoieman, the Hustler chief, failed toconnect with the ball safely. Thescore :Paris 4 0000000 0 4Winehster 1 0 0 5 7 2 0 3 x 18Batteries Paris, Harrell, Hauserand Maffitt; Winchester, Platzer andMeek. Hits Paris 11, Winchetser 20.Errors Paris 5, Winchester 4. Earnedruns Winchester 6. Three base hitsLake, Goosetree 2. Two base hitsHarrell, McKrenan.Walsh 2, Brown,Laross. Goosetree 2, Meek 2. Platzer.Struck out by Hauser 1, by Platzer4. Time 1:50. Umpire Moss.Lexington 2, Maysville 1. Richmond7, Franlcfort 7, fourteen innings.THURSDAY.Paris and Frankfort came togetherin a full nine round contest at WhitePark yesterday afternoon and thedemoralized league leaders went downin defeat nefore Bohannon and hismen, but with coolrs flying althoughminus their interpid leader, McKernan. From the outset the visitors had thebest of the argument, taking a lead inthe first session which was maintainedthroughout, and although they hitBaker as many times as the Lawmakers connected with Hauser, Maxwell and Shears, but eould not getenough runs to overcome the lead.Hauser could not withstand the joltsof the Lawmakers and in the fourthwas relieved by Maxwell, who : presided on the mound until the seventhwhen he was ejected from the park byorder of Umpire Donald. Shearsfinished the contest in a handyfashion, but the Lawmakers hadgotten in their,work too early in Jtheaction.' Baker, who beat the locals on hisfirst appearance here, came backyesterday and repeated the dose. TheBourbonites hit repeatedly but without result.The climax whicb will put the contest on record came in the seventhinning. Maxwell had passed Seebackand Myers, and Bohannon, who was athe bat, attempted to lay down asacrifice. Donald misjudged one ofhis efforts and called a ball. To thisMaxwell took exceptions and heatedwords followed, resulting in the huskyhurlerf dealing the official a tremen-eus blow in the abdomun with hisfoot and hurled the ball at his head.McKernan then advanced to the sceneof action and contributed a blow withhis glove inlthe face of the official.At this juncture the police interfered and prevented further hostilities.McKernan and Maxwell were orderedout of the enclosure before the gamewould proceed.A number of spectators, disgustedat the action of the Paris players leftthe grounds, while others contend theassault was justifiable, owing to theincompetency of the official. Lookedupon from either view it was a badbreak and one calculated to do moreharm than good. Incompetency even inits worst form is not enough to provoke an assault upon an umpire byany player,' even if upon the face it isenough to arouse the wrath of the menin the game.The action of McKernan and Maxwell does not meet with the approvalof even their heartiest admirers andsuch rowdyism has a demoralizingeffect upon the fans. The score :Frankfort , 20300200 07Paris' ' 00021000 03Batteries Paris, Hauser, Maxwell,Shears .and Maffitt; Frankfort, Bakerand Kunkle. Hits Paris 6, Frankfort6. Errors Paris 5, Frankof rt 2. Twobase hits Seeback, Bohannon, Barnett. Three base hit Maxwell. Baseon balls off Hauser 1, off Maxwell 3,off Shears 2. S,truck out by Hauser3, by Maxwell 4, by Shears 4. Wildpitch Maxwell. Pass ball Maffitt.Hit by pitcher Hoffman. Three hit3off Hauser and 5 runs in 3 innings j nohits and 2 runs off Maxwell in 3innings. Stolen base Hoffman. Sacrifice hits Konnick, Baker. Time 2 :35.Umpire Donald.A Crackerjack.The Maysville Independent saysof the vaudeville attractionsthat will be at the Grand tonight:"The management of the WashingtonTheatre offered a crackerjack showfor their patrons' approval and to sayit was good is putting it mild. Eitheract is good enough for a headliner.Anton Zinka and his dogs were a hit,while Van & Davis made more thangood with their singing and dancing."Base Ball Season Hearing Close.The close of the base ball Fseason inthe Blue Grass League is just a littlemore than two weeks off. From thepresent date there are nine gamesscheduled on the home grounds and atotal of nineteen to be played beforethe season closes, ten of which areaway from home.Today the Hustlers will be in townfor a tilt with the locals and aftertrimming the McKernan men in sucha handy fashion Wednesday will comewith renewed energy for the fray atWhite Park this afternoon. Tomorrowthe Bourbonites will journey to theHustler town for the fourth game ofthe week.Sunday afternoon Paris and Winchester will meet here in a douhlebill. The locals must put up a strongfight to recover the lost ground of thepast two days and much depends uponthe result of the next four gameswith Winchester. " The first gameSunday afternoon will be called at2U5 o'clock.Captured in Paris.Holt White, wanted in Winchesterfor assaulting Deward Wills in thatcity, was captured in Paris Sundayand taken to Winchester. Wills, who isa couisn of James Wills, of Paris, conducts a pool room in the Brown-Proc-toriaHotel, had just closed up andstarted home. At the mouth of anallpy he was struck on the head andrendered partly unconcsious, while hisassailant cut him several times androbbed him of ten dollars. White washeld under five hundred dollar bond. ..THEATRICAL.Latimore & Leigh, whose excellent repertoire company has playedmany engagements in this city willopen the season of 191 1-12 at Maysvilleon September 4.The Shubert Theatrical Companywas incorporated at Trenton. N. J.,Tuesday with an authorized capital ofSI, 800,000. The incorporatois areWilliam Klein, Charles A. Bird andJoseph W. Jacobs, all of New York.The charter indicates that the corporation is to take over all the propertyand business of the New York company operating under the same name.RELIGIOUS.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will fill hispulpit at the Baptist church Sundaymorning. Rev. Lightfoot will preachat the union services Sunday night.Union services will be held at thePrebsyterian church Sunday evening.Rev. O. B. Crockett, who had previously been selected to fill the pulpiton this occasion being absent from thecity, Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, of theBaptist church, will preach the sermon. Rev. Lightfout will preachfrom the subject, "A Notable Embassy." deathsMrs. Agnes L. Franklin died Friday night at 7:30 o'clock at her homein Frankfort. She was in her seventyeighth year, and during her longwomanhood had been an unswervingmember of the Methodist church. Shehad been in feeble health for someweeks.Mrs. Frankiln before her marriagewas Miss Agnes Brawner, the daughter of the late Robert Brawner, whowas prominent in Franklin county lormany years. After receiving a liberaleducation she taught school in Frankfort for many years, and was a mostsuccessful teacher. She marriedWalter Franklin, who was CircuitClerk of Franklin county for morethan thirty Fyears. and who waB regarded as one of the beat clerks in theState. Mr. Franklin died severalyearsa go.Mrs. Franklin is survived by threechildren, Robert B. Franklin, theCommonwealth's Attorney of this district; Walter M.4 Franklin, of Chicago,and Mrs JameB N. Miles, of Frankfort.Two Aviators Killed. 'Two aviators, William R. Baddger,of Pittsburg, and St. Croix Johnstpne,of Chicago, lost their lives at theinternational aviation meet at ChicagoTuesday. Baddger was killed in anaviation pit and Johnstone was drewn-ed.Tournament is Postponed.The tennis tournament Bfor a handsome silver cup given by E. H. Watson, of Lexington, which was scheduled to begin at Woodland Park in thatcity Tuesday was postponed until sometime next fall. It had -been expectedthat the contest would be .entered byplayers from Louisville, Somerset,Paris and Versailles, but as no out-of-townentries were made, it was decided to postpone tha tournament.Recommends Vote for SewerBondsThe Board of Health of Lexington,at a fneeting Tuesday recommended tothe City Council the passago of anoridnance submitting to the voters inNovember the question of issuingbonds to the amount of $150,000 to beexpended in improving the seweragesystem of Lexington.Quail Will Be Plentiful. .The continued dry weather, says theCarlisle Advocate, has been repsonsible for the largest number of quailsknown since the days when they usedto be driven into nets for capture.Since early spring farmers have beenreporting great flocks of little ones,and the old birds are still hatching.STRAYED.From the stables of the Paris Distilling Co., a mare mule 15 1-2 handshigh, hoof of right front foot crooked;sunburned mouse color.PAIS DISTILLING CO."AUTOMOBILING WITH PAY"t2k-??rPLEASANT WORK GOOD SALARIESChauffers and garage men in great demand. Myre cars sold in 1911,so far, than in any previous year, and 1912 models are now being being delivered. TRAINED MEN are wanted. More than 150 men (including 18 regular members of Cincinnati Police Dept.) have completedour course this Summer. Chauffeur earn from $60 to $125 a month.Next 5 weeks clrss starts soon. Write to-day for booklet "Automobilmg With Pay."Y. M. C. A. Automobile School,.HHHHmHBaiaBBBMaMaBBHBHBM..Bigger and Better Than EverInNINTHKentucky State Fair...LOUISVILLE...SEPTEMBER 11, 12, 13, 14,, 15, 16, 1911.FIX BE THERE ! WILL XOU?-THRILLING FREE ACTS DAILYRACING - - LIVE STOCK SHOW--FINEHORSES - - GOOD MUSIC--CLEANMIDWAY - EDUCATION--HEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MOBE GLASSES AND LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information or catalogue write toyEgtyigKOne LotNETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out at$3.50Call while we have your sizeGeo. IVTWillams,No more tickets given on raffle until further noticeNew Order Issued.The 1 State Live Stock anitaryBoard Tuesday issued an order fromthe office of Commissioner of Agriculture Rankin providing that cattle ofthe quarantine are designated by theUnited State Government, infectedwith margaropus annulatus ticks andsplenetic fever, shall not be shippedinto Kentucky except for immediateslaughter from February 1 to October31. The only months left open for theshipment of cattle are November, December and January.The Live Stock Sanitary Board hasreceived the report of Dr. A. J".Payne, of the National Board of Animal Industry, who has charge of thework of eradicating the Bcabies fromthe sheep of this state. Work has beendone in 105 counties, inspecting 605,000sheep, and of this number 42,000 havebeen found infected, and there havebeen 64,000 official dippings. Dr. Paynealso reports that a corps of inspectorswill be sent to Kentucky fromWashington for the purpose of reinspecting the inspected flock3 and forlifting tha quarantine.Picked Dynamite Cap WithPin.While playing with a dynamite capwhich he hnd found at the ratlrdd construction caaip near the old Frankfortpike trestle of the Queen & Crescentrailway Monday afternoon, HenryReeves, of Lexington, aged 10 years,picked the cap with a pin which caused it to explode, tearing' off all hisleft hand except the little finger andalso the fkst joint of the thumb onhis right hand.FirstClass Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cabal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in pshort space of time. Hot a nd coldbaths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfn5Kiik&h(im.JHvi 1 wmnnr. i :inrfn'no-i nANNUAL(0MPERRY M. SHY, Secretary,No. 320 Paul Jones Building(qi1J0in!if?t-WUi'ri m " iTHE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, -KENTUCKY AUGUST 18, 1911.(Hli BOURBON NEWS.tmsjALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNew Rock Crusher.The city has pruchase a new rockcrusher which was installed yesterdayat the city quarry.Peaches, Peaches.Get busy for preserving.C. P. COOK & CO.Acting as Judge.Mr. Walter Clark, of this cityyesterday .to attend the Ewingwhere he will act as judge inrings for saddle horses.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper.leftfairtheTony Has Enough.Becauusp his aeroplane fell with himat Taylorsville, Ky., last weeK, andinjured three persons and knocked himunconscious, Tony Long, of Danville,Kentucky's only aviator, has announced that he will never fly again.Will Open Pool Room.Mr. C. P. Mann, who will open 'apool room in the Price building onMain street, will move his familyfrom Texas to thia city, having rentedthe' house on Seventh street belongingto Mrs. Horace Collins.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper.Will Locate in Flemingsburg.Mr. H N. Horine, formerly ofParis, has purchased three lots inFlemingsburg.and will shortly beginthe erection of a nice residence Mr.Horine, who is a painter and decorrator, will move to Flemingsbug withhis family.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper.ContractsReady.Miss Mabel Rbobnis, County SchoolSuperintendent, has the teachers' contracts re?dy for thier signatures, andit is desired that they attend to this attheir earliest convenience. An examination of teachers desiring Statecertificates will be held at the courthouse today and tomorrow.A Household Necessity.In connection with the "AbnerRayce Toilet Goods" I have also takenthe agency for the "Shino ChemicalAbsoming Dust Mop." JSot ' beingphysically able to make the canvass Ikindly ask my friends to call at myhome, 821 High street, and see mop.. MISS BETTIE INGLES.New Tobacco Warehouse.Dirt was broken at Carlisle Tuesdayfor the foundation of the loose leaftobacco warehouse. A company witha capital stock of $30,000 is to backthe enterprise. The building will beerected of brick and concrete and willne competed November 1 Bappert &Geore contractors, of this city, havebeen awarded the contract for thebrick work on the building.Bargains in Wall Paper.Look at my bargains in wall paper.Expert decorators ready to fill yourordes promptly.J. T. HINTON.Colored Women Fined.Six colored women residents of thenegro suburb of Claysville, were inSquire L. J. FretwelPs court yesterday, charged with a breach of thepeace. The women who had beenengaged in sevreal rowes in Claysvillewere Mary Case, Carie Fisher, Hutchcvans, Willie Johnson, Sis Washingtonand Florence Harper. A fine of $13.50was assessed by the court in"each case.George Pugh Killed by Employe.A press dispatch from Taylorbvillegives the following account of thekilling of Mr. George Pugh, formerlyof Scott county and well known here:"In plain sight of thousands ofpeople attending the Spencer CountyFair John A. Cottrpll, a farmer livingon the Waterford Dike, four miles fromTaylorsville, drew a pistol from hispocket and fired point-blank at GeorgePugb, 70 years old, fur whom he hadLsen engaged to drive Horses at thefair. Ih bullet struck Pugh in thef urehead over the left eye and lodgedin the brain, causing instant death."Following the firing of the shotthere was wild excitement on the fairgrcunds and Deputy Sheriff Jjhn W.Snider, scenting trouble, grabbedCottrell and Before the people realizedhis intention, was hastening towardTaylorsville, about a mile distant."Before the deputy sheriff and hisprisoner had gotten well out of sighta mob of more tfcan 350 determinedmtn was formed and started for thejail with the avowed intention of'seeing that jutsice moved promptly."When Deputy Snider reached thejail he received a message telling oftue pursuit by the mob and wentimmediately to the railroad station,catching the first train that camethrough. He landed in Shejbyvillewith his prisoner later in the afternoon. The mob, hearing of thedeputy's escape with his prisoner,turned back to the fair grounds afterHnvintr rnvered about half of thedistance to the town."It is alleged by witnesses whostood neai the men that they quarreled over wages demanded by Cottrell.He had been hired to drive horses inthe show rings by Pugh, it is said,hat did not do his duties to the satisfaction of his employer, and when hedemanded money and Iwas tref used, itis said, the shooting followed. m"Pugh is survived by a wife and sixchildren. Cottrell has a wife and threec ildren." , ,Mr. Victor Howard, formerly ofB '"-bon. was married to Miss LillianPugh a daufehier of the deceased.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Thomas Herrin is visitingrelatives in Carlisle.Mr. Robin Horton attended theEwing fair yesterday.Mrs. L. M. Trebble, of Paris, isvisiting relatives in Carlislp.Prof. Geo. W. Chapman visitediriendfi in Maysvilla MoniayMiss Amelia Leer, of Lexington,is visiting Miss Ruth Morgan.Mr. George Stuart has rettirntdfrom a business trip to Denver, Col.Mrs. Anna Pearce, of Cincinnati, isvisiting her sister, Mrs. E. C. Kiely.Miss Theresa McDermott is theguest of Mrs. Hal Mullen in Cynthiana. 2 Mrs. "R. K. McCarney is visitingMr. and Mrs. W. M. Turney in Cynthiana. Mm. Sona Henry has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Flemingcounty.21 Miss Elizabeth Crutcher entertained with a Five Hundred partyyesterday morning.Miss Macie Talbott, who has beenvisiting Miss Willie Boardman in Carlisle, has returned home.Miss Margaret Cobb, of Maysville,is visitnig her couisns, Misses Eleartorand Lula Champ Lytle in this city.Mr. Bruce Miller left Wednesdayfor Atlantic City, New York and otherEatsern points for a two weeks' trip.Mr and Mrs. Robert Clark havereturned to Hot Springs, Ark., after avisit to Bourbon realtives and friends.Mrs. Alexander B. White anddaughter, Miss Mildred, of Paris,Tenn., are visiting Mrs. ThompsonTarr.Mr. ar d Mrs. Geo. Redmon andMiss Ida Redmon attended the funeralof Mr. Geo. Pugh in Georgetown Saturday. Miss Marie Cheatham, who hasbeen the guest of her aunt, Mrs. G.E. Young, in this city, has returned toher home in Carlisle.Mr. B. A. Frank has returnedfrom New York where he has beenselecting the fall and winter stock furthe firm of Frank & Co.Miss Sophia Moore, who haB beenspending the summer with her Bister,Mrs. Chas. Thomas, returned yesterday to Crawfordsville, Ind.Maysville Bulletin: "MissesLucille Murphy and Mae Liston, ofthis city, and Miss Margaret Toohey,of Paris, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.John Flanagan, of Mayslick."Mr. Jerry Shrout, who has beenin Texas for the past two monthsprospecting, has returned home. Heis spending a few days at his old homein Carlisle.Miss Josephine Berryman, ofNewport, Ky., who has been the attractive guest of Mis Corinne Collinsfor the past two weeks, returned toher home Tuesday morning.Miss Marie Talbott, the attractivedaughter of Mr. and Mrs. William G.Talbott, entertained with a dancingparty Tuesday evening at her countryhome, "Mt. Lebanon," on the Peacockpike.Mr. Withers Davis left yesterdayfor French Lick Springs for a twoweeks' stay. During his absence Mrs.Davis and little daughter, AnnieJouett, will visit the former's parents,Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Jouett, in Winchester. Mrs. Thomas Allen and littledaughter, who have been visiting Mrs.Allen's mother, Mrs. Nannie Ashbrook, in Cynthiana, have returned.Mrs. Ashbrook accopmanied them tomake a short visit.The Sterling Dstncing Club entertained with a delightful dance at theElks Hall Wednesday evening. Theoccasion was very enjoyable andparticipated in by thelfollowing :Misses Lena Gross, Cecihan, O. ;Kathryn Carey, Louisville; JosieHines, Cincinnati ; Margaret Holleran,Fort Worth, Texas ; May McCarthy,Lexington; Nora Woods, IleeneSchwartz, Elizabetn Gregory, MaryWoods, Rosina Elder, Mary Brannon,Geniveve Mahaney, Fannie Gross,Nora Napier, Julia Woods. Mary andElen Kellev. Nellie Schwartz, Dever-eaux and Mahoney, Lexintgon ; EdnaKeller. Messrs. T. C. Lenihan, JotHiggins, George Doyle, Rpbt. Shea,Will Wrenn, Ed McNamara, M. J.Maher, Joe Guilfoyle, Harold Jones,Mt. Sterling; George Fritz, HenryEgolite, Lexington: T. F. Roche,Edward Woods, Leo Keller, GeorgeRassenfoss, Chas. McCarthy, WillClark, John R. Roche, George Toohey,James HieEins. Clarence Weatheralland George Doyle. Mr. and Mrs. JohnMcCarthy, Mr. and Mrs. RichardWellin, Mrs. Jack Woods, Mrs. DanJordan, Mrs. Jacob Schwartz, Mrs.Tom Roche and Mrs. Ed Keller.Newton Taylor, Jr., son of Mr.and Mrs. N. H. Taylor, entertainedwith a dancing party last evening atElks Hall. The hall was profuse inits decorations for the occasion, thecolors being green and white. Astring orchestra Irom .Lexingtcnfurnished the music. The march wasled by Master Taylor and Miss LouiseSteele who were assisted by RogerMoore and Miss Elizabeth Renick.nnriner intermission refreshmentswere served. Those present were :Misses Louise Steele, ElizabPthRenick, Anna McMillan Talbott, MaryAdams Talbott, Marion Moore, FrancesKenney, Eleraeta Hinton, Lucy Ferguson, Helen Louise Frank, Anna LouiseWhite, Mary Kenney Webber andguest, Kateri.ie Marsh, KatherineWilson, Dolly Varden. Eleanor Clay,Frances Champ, Satah Louise Bedford, Mary Allend Hutchcraft, DorcasUssery, Caroline wumotn, jane rova.Messrs. Coleman Renick. Robt. Frank,Russell Frank, George White Fithian,Chas. Spears, Edward Spears, John B.r.iv nnnirlas Clav. Roger Moore,Will Estill Moore, Forrest Letton.SamClay Ward, Miller Ward.Louis Turner,Charley Kenney, Preston White, Edgar Vansant, Arch Woodford, ScottWoodford, John T. Woodford, EdwinThomas. John Clay, Jos. Davis, ClayGsitskill, Frank Wilsor, Lexington;Will Hutchcraft, John Van MeterWoodford, Landrum Payne, GeorgeLewis JaynesFerguson Taylor. Mrs.W. W. Evans, Lexington; Mrs. E. F.Muir, Miss Jess Hart, Mr. Roy Land,of Lexington ; Mr. and Mrs. Ray Taylor, Mr. apd Mrs. John Woodford andMr. and Mrs. N. H. Taylor.Mr. Talbott Clay, of Lexington,visited relatives here Tuesday.Mrs. bpeed Hibler, of Maysville,is visiting relatives in this city.Miss Laura Smith has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Lexington.Miss Rebecca Redmon has returned from a visit to friends in LexinRtDn. Mr. and Mrs. Nevin Sloan, ofChattanooga, Tenn., are guests ot Mr.and Mrs. Castle Redmon.Mrs. E. M. Dickson and daughter,Mrs. Durand Whipple, have returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Richmond.Messrs. James Carroll Bryan, ofNorth Midltown, and Owen Gibson,of Paris, left yesterday for AtlanticCity.Mr. Chas. P. Cook entertained themembers of his Sunday school sclasswith an outing in the woods of Mr.James Hinton Wednesday.Maysville Ledger: "Mrs. L. B.Bramblette, and little daughter, MissIrene, of Paris, will spend next weekwith Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Farmer inthis city.Q Prof, and Mrs. W. L. Dawson, enr.ute from Trappe, Md., where theyhave been spending the summer withProf. Dawson's relative?, to Campbellsville stopped off to spend a fewdays with Mrs. Dawson's father, Mr.John Grimes. They will leave todayfor Campbellsville.Antituberculosis League Organized. At the home of Mrs. W. E. Simms,on Mt. Airy Avenue, Monday morning,a local Anti-Tuberculosis League wasorganized, with Miss Lucy Simms,one of the directors of the statsorganization, presiding. The purposeof the organization will be to enlistthe co-operation and interest of everycitizen in Bourbon county and increasethe membership until it shall becomea strong factor in teaching the cause,prevention and cure of the diseasewhich causes more than 6,500 deathsevery year in this state, and of whichthere are more than 20,000 activecases.The first active work of the localleague will be to have the TravelingHealth Exhibition Car, which is beingsent through the state by the Kentucky Association for the preventionof Tuberculosis, come to Paris Thursday August 24, and remain until Sunday, August 29.Ihe Health Exhibit Car is a modernrairload passenger coach fitted up as atraveling health exhibit by the Kentucky Association for the study andprevention of tuberculosis. At eachstopping place the public is invited towitness the exhibit, free of charge,and to hear practical talks about Consumption and other infectious diseases. The car is well stocked withcharts, mottoes and model housesshowing where the dangers from diseases lie and how they can be prevented, in a way that every man,woman and child can undrestana it.Wherever flhown, the exhibit hasattracted larcre crowds of people whowere greatly benefitted in getting aclear understanding of Kentucky'smost fatal disease, the Great WhitePlague.Three Negroes Arrested.At the instance of Henry Randolph,a colored grocer, of Lexington, GeorgeTurner, Otis Kinkston and WilliamMaupin, negroes, were arrested inthis city Wednesday afternon andlodged in jail by Partolman Chas.Thomas.The men are charged with breakinginto the grocery of Randolph Saturdaynight when $115 and a revolver werestolen. Randolph followed thp men toParis where he was on the lookoutand informed the officer.When arrested, a pistol and somemoney was found. Turner has latelybeen released from jail in Cincinnatiwhere he served a term after beingconvicted on a burglary charge.Detective Dudley Veal came fromLexington yesterday morning and tookcharge of the men returning withthem to Lexintgon.Killed by Freight Train.'Ike Hollan, aged 50 years, a bridgecarpenter in the employ of the L. &N. railroad, was killed by a southnound freight in the south yards about6:30 o'clock last night.Hollan, whose home is in Ford, hadgiven up his position with the crewworking in this city and was about toreturn home. In the South yards hemade an attempt to board an outgoingtrain. Missing his footing he fellbeneath the fast moving cars.His right leg was crushed and athorough examination failed to revealanother injury. It is the opinion hedied from the shock.His body-was picked up and taken tothe undertaking establahment of Geo.W. Davis where it was prepared forburial. Hollan is survived by a wifeand ten children.MATRIMONIAL,A marriage license was issuedMonday by County Clerk Pearce Patonto Mr. Ross Poe and Miss Bertha MayCase, both of this county.Mr. Gus Tyree, of Georgetown,and Miss Viola Day, of Cane Ridge,this county, were united in marriageWednesday afternoon at 4:30 o'clockat the reisdence of Mr. and Mrs. ClydeTyree on Higgins avenue, by ElderCarey E. Morgan.Jackstown School.Prof. C. A. Ellis will open theschool at the Letton school house atJackstown next Monday.Property Sold.Harris & Speakes, agents for theheirs of the late Mrs. Hettie Earlywine, have sold the two-story frameresidence on Hierh and Broadway toOr. Margaret Wood Stivers, whoseproperty adjoins tne Early wine;J property, for 2,200 cash. JO. Hinton.non - uniontfANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce thefollowing gentlemen, whose namesappear below, as candidates for Councilmen from their respective Wards,subject to the action of the Democratic City Primary September 22,1911: tFIRST WARD.J. B. Dempsey.Dr. W. T. Brooks.Louis Wollstein.SECOND WARD.W. O. Hinton. VC. E. Butler.Robert Link.THIRD WARD.Harry Baldwin.TAKE AWITH YOUKodak Pictures Will KeepAlive the Pleasures ofOut-Door Days.Kodaks $5 to $111Brownies. . . '. $1 to S12Daugberto BrosInsure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.KODAKIf MVERY SPECIALCome in and Get Them.CTTil nr - - -"Reductions inI will sell you LAWN andbeen ableto buy it.A few HAMMOCKSjT.Funeral Directors and Embalmer. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hintor,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.ILAST CUTLawns, Wash Goods, Shirt Waists,Hosiery, Etc.2 New Fall GoodsWe are showing the prettiest line of Ginghams,Flanelettes, Kimona Crepes, Outings and Madras.COME LOOK THEM OVER.W. EdIIFee's CashFor This WeekIWhite Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips 12 1-2 per lb I"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5c g' 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can 5c"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, California Jpack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c"Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c J"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only . . . .' 60c IQ Viove T .cmnv PJrar -frvr - 2Kf. wI6 bars of Ivory Soap foeFresh Pies, CakesFEE'SLI HAVE SOMETO OFFER YOU ONWALL PAPEB.PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.KCI3STT03STtTucker !Isy gOIKWdlN25cand Bread daily.IPRICESCarpets,MattinandRugs.4Wy I.(fTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, AUGUST 18, 491,1,- - .".c. ! -' "r JrPnjm.-tirTV -vrvjifc-f5N!B!1mp'iirail-,mOther Fellow's Success.Most of the other fellow's successis credited to luck, and the rest of Itto a.f penurious disposition. AtchisonGlobe.&Cultivate Kind Voice.A kind voice is a joy, like a lark'ssong, to a hearth at home. It is alight that sings as well as shines.Traiii" it to sweet tones now and itwill keep in tune through life. ElihuBurrittMan at His Heaviest Weight. ,A man generally reaches his heavie'st weight at.,40 years.Paradise for Beggars.' Vienna has fully 32,000 beggars,and their average income is more thanthat of most working men.Work of Time.No great thing is created suddenly,any more than a bunch of grapes ora fig. Epictetus.THEMillersburg Military InstituteThe Millersburg Militatv Institute is located m the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kehtucky. Cadets in attendance from eleven States. BeautifUl grounds and buildings. Hoc water heat and electric JigWf. Athleticgrounds and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 Per School Year for board,tuition and general laundry. 'Write-to the Principal for-illustrated catalogue and full information.Opens September 13.COt. C. M. BEST, Principal,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.TWIN BROS.,Clothing Department"We are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the opportunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutprices previously advertized hold good.On several lines we have made stillgreater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our New BuildingA Double Risk.,u It was well known In Mayville thatwhen Cyrus Fanning lent anything,from a hammer to a plow, he expecteda good return for the favor. It was amatter of astonishment to WilsonGreen, however, when on inquiring ofMr. Fanning how much it woiild costto rent his., long ladder for an afternoon Cyrus replied promptly; "Onedollar fifty.""Now, look here, Cy," remonstratedhis neighbor; "you know I've got toborrow it, for mine isn't long enoughto reach where I'm obliged to climb tosearch out that chimney leak for theWidow Sears. Can't you make it less??'"No, I can't," and Mr. Fanning shookhis small head and closed his obstinatemouth.Why can't you?" demanded WilsonGreen."Because there's a weak place in ittwo-thirds the way up!" snapped Mr.Fanning. "It'll bear my weight allright, but you're a good thutty poundsheavier. If it gave way under you'twould cost me a dollar to get it mended. Considering the resk. I call a dollar 'n' a half cheap." Youth's Companion. The Seal Ring.The seal ring is known to be theoldest stvle of rinsr. It dates back tothe days of the -Old Testament, andproducts of the glyptic art, as gem engraving was called, were known inthe most remote times. In Exodusxxvili, 17-20, mention is made of thefollowing stones, upon which thenames of the twelve children of' Israelwere engraved: The sardius, the topaz,the carbuncle, the emerald, the sapphire, the diamond, the ligure, theagate, the amethyst, beryl, onyx andjasper. In verse 2 of tne same cnapter we find mention of the engravingof signets upon the hardest stones. ItIs believed that the Egyptians instructed the Israelites in the art of stoneengraving. The Egyptians used thelapidary's wheel and emery powderand knew the use of the diamond Inengraving other hard stones. Amongthe Assyrian and Babylonian ruinswere found fine specimens of sigtfetson gems, many of them set In rings.SInternationalGadrii$$ENGINES 2All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Twin Bros,LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.His Part.'"Has Perry ever done anything toadd to the gayety of nations?" "Yes.He tries to speak French, Germanand Italian when he is in those countries." Harper's Bazar.SpTw miMffiR wlwwlWlKWtMWvlpwlvi4 mn.6 ..L.Ifo.341347, 291040" 37312332625913838539830321431oc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911. A 11:59 P. M. JTrains Arrive .FPwOM 'Atlanta, Ga., Daily ; 5 26 amLexington, Ky., Daily ' ;-23 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.d8 amRowland, ily., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, 0., Dully . -. -60 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -10.02 amLexington, Ky Daily M USCincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11-50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3-10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmToino-fnr. TTv.. Dftllv 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm .Maysville, Ky., Daily "Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5-40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6. 2 J amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 15 DmJacksonville, Fla., Daily -6 27 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10-17 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 PmTreuins ZDe-petrtTOCincinnati. O. , Daily 5.33 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 7.47 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 air.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily : 0-7 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily -9-o5 arcJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.J5 amT,PYiTirrf,or. TTv Dailv 10.18 amMaysville, K., Daily 11-52 am.uyntmana, Jvy., nauy -cuepi. oww o JLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily a.ao pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday ,. . . 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily , 6.23 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.2o pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily; Except Sunday ' 6.25 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.85 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.48 pmIS Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 proOddities of the Printing Shop.Here is a row of capital letters andfigures of ordinary size and shape justas you will find them In the dailynewspaper:SSSSXXXXZZZZ33338888They are such as are made up of twoparts of similar form. Look carefullyat these and you will perceive that theupper halves of the characters are avery little smaller than the lowerhalves, so little that, at a mere glance,you would declare them to be of equalsize. Now turn this page upside down,and without any careful looking youwill see that the difference in size isvery much exaggerated that the realtop half of the letter la very muchsmaller than 'the other half. It will beseen by this that there Is a tendencyIn the eye to enlarge the upper partof any object upon which It looks.Thus two circles of unequal size mightbe drawn and so placed that theywould appear exactly alike. New YorkWorld.Wanted Them Green."Two starboard lights," said thediner to the waiter in a Broadway restaurantThe waiter looked over the wine list,and his eye ran down to the liqueurs,for his two patrons had reached thepost coffee stage of their dinner. Helooked blankly at the list. He couldsee no such cordial."Starboard lights, sir?" he asked."Yes; starboard lights two andhurry!"The waiter sought the maitre d'hoteland asked what the drink might be."Creme de menthe." said thnt imperturbable persou. "It's what they call'em in England." New York Press.jnuEndures for Agew mza.tanuBul fcCWSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Evtiy user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our treeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insistimj until you.dealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.. ii i ! i hi -i-B.i-rTTWIN BROS.Department Store This Week:Aprons IjiOc, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2.50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves T9c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.-- fTWIN BROS.JTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyMiA Big Drawback.A man was praising the improvements by a friend in his dwelling."Your house looks a lot better nowthat it has been painted.""Well," the man who had been redecorating admitted gloomily, "it dopslook a bit better, but we shall have toclean the windows more frequently tokeep in harmony with it"No.3441171039373313362625IN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 11910. - j, Tra,in.s rrrv-e0. FROM l2Frankforfc, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.15 am4r&nkfort, Ky. , DaUy Except Sunday a . . . . .3. 40 pmSl Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.01 pta162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only y 10. 00 pmTraiins IDepsirt ,jTo. TOJbML FrankfortfJc Louisville, Sunday Only -i;-5?- -W v&HHm7 Frankfort & Louisville," Daily Except Sunday. ....". .V. . .V. , : .VT7.43 am1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. s.. - .9-53 am3 y ankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday... 5.65amA Calamity.Neighbor My! My! So the storyis true and 3'our husband has reallyPintiPd with the servaut girl. Deserted Wife iweeping Yes. and shewas the best girl 1 ever had, too, aperfectly lovely cook, and so quiet andrespectful. Dear knows where I'll beable to get another! PhiladelphiaTimes.Money:Money is character; money also ispower. 1 have power not in proportionto the money I spend on myself, but inproportion to the money I can, if 1please, give away to another. BulwerLytton.Martin Bros.,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth. , . ,We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS.I !!:r PIt's not made for any certain climate, but is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor crack in the bitterest cold.It's made by our secret process and is universally acknowledged theone and ONLY absolutely perfect roofing. Amalgamated ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance rate as slate ormetal. Our agents are authorized to refund money in full if Amalgamated ARC ROOFING should fail to satisfy.9 AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, HLParis Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Everybody Wauls a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.Bait.She Why. Charlie, you seem to have 1become quite a man -of fashion suchclothes, such jewelry He Yes; yousee, my creditors are very anxious thatI should get married. Sim plicissimus.j Their Use."Do you enjoy your njeals. old man?""Enjoy my meals?" snorted the indignant dyspeptic. "My meals aremerely guldeposts to take medicine before or after." Washington Herald.Th Way of the World."Isn't It awful? According to thepapers there just seems to be one rev'olution after another.""Yes. That s the way the world goesround." Judge. .We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such agoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Pari Lumber d MIT? Company,IncorporatedYard at Office, '15th and Main Sts. JjHome Phone 12; LT. 530PARIS, KY,' Hjfctjr-' -KTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST IS, 1911.Be Happy!Happy the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic! 'Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands. . It should do the same for you.Mrs. Mary "Neeiy, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,warn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept.. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 56DR.DOLLESIMQTITIf TC'where MEN are CURED.mO I 1 1 U I C LET ME CURE YOU!FINCSTCQUIPPED INSTITUTE FOR MEN IN THEUMTCD STATES NOT MANY MILES TO COME-WHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT AVERY SMALLCOST.IN ASHORTTIME. NO CURE, NO PAY,FAMOUS FOB 20 TEABS.TMfTIenlt Surgical Operations performedtroth ekill and success -when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGES QUICKEST CURESOf aay Specialist. That Star Cared.TOTjjfG MEN ANO ALIi 3TEX, COJIE.Off CO PERMAXEXT CUBE, withoutCw the knife. One treatment cures.YRKIuUUEIX One Treatment.DEISTIIEE? Stricture, Etc. CuredKWtr I UrSCij by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Ecicma. Boils, Ulcers, Sores, Diseasesoftke Kidneys, Bladder and Prostatetilaad, Bhenmatism, Nervous Troubles.UVDDflPri C Cared In Ono Visit, KontUElUuCLE. knife. No danger.All cse guaranteed and accepted on the""DolIaPlan ' of not one dollar to be paid unlesscared. Better come thousands of miles to haveDr. Dclle cure you than subject yourself to unskilled doctors. Beat the undertakers, and writetoday for 64. pasre Book Free, which is worthit6 weight in gold to any discouraged man. Bookpent sealed upon receipt of Four Cents instamps for postage. I see and answer all letterspersonally. All letters treated with sacred confidence. When you write to me, describe yourdiieae fully to me so that I can write you justwhat is needed in your case.52! Walnut Street, Cincinnati, 0.Cared by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, vrithont deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove st we will send you aSAMPLE TRlSATilEXr FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (rtotanicBlood "tSalm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyiuto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, L per large bottle, with directions for hoi.ie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe yo lr troubleand free medical advice given.Sold bv Vafden & Son.WALTEROSS A ftf1 gMv FtlMlteTtel5f fcX tilLi specialistT gL P '.A I Mil uJL til "' E 'rwawwilNEW CENTURY BINDERThis binderhas a world-widereputation. In every graingrowing country under theSun it is said to be the bestyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features thatappeal most to its usersNOTare: lightness of draft;handiness of operation:MADEdurability of construetion: ability to do perAfect work in any kindTRUSTof grain; accuracy andsure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder,made by the people who gave theworld its first successful binder, andnow give it itsmoit successfulJE',m$mone a uinder thattCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior!Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cemen'c Co.torSWZZcSLJMjilI have located in Paris for the purpose oLconducting a generalCoaitractinganciISaiSclirag Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, larj;e or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. 1 he best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones jE. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceMmlaistrator's Notice.,All persons 'having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, derenspd. will have same nronerlv Drov-Itm niinf)itin' 4-r lorn onrl filar MTifrh -f-VioI'cu awbuiuuig iu iii uuu w.wu i m v.v-unaersigneu administrator, 'lnoseknowing themselves indeotedto Jsaidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator, with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer lifeand reduced repair billsBYwith less loss of time.We'd like to send youour freo catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on wnicnbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Thm BestYmt"AnnouncementW f HFSTPRM 'WOODProfessional CardsJ J. WELIiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW-.itoom 1 Elks Building.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.Jlnnk LanghornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing" 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGfcfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs'Over Yarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices'.'Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot andColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to .wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.6. Determan,BRICKSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., . 'Phonesl586.Tortured lor Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble thatjbaffied doctor, and resisted all remedieshe tried, John W. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer." "Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.Happiness in the Home.I do not think there are any happyhomes without the Lord is in thefamily, says a writer in an exchange.Ambition. nAmbition can creep as well as soarThe pride of no person in a flourishing condition is more justly to bedreaded than that of him who is meanand cringing under a doubtful and unprosperous fortune. Burke: "Letterspn a Regicide Peace."Strength In Nature.The loosest weed that drifts andwaves under the heaving of the seaor hangs heavily on the brown andslippery shore, has a marked strength,structure, elasticity, gradation of substance; its extremities are more finely fibered than its center, its center'than its roots; every fork of its ramification Is measured and proportioned:every wave of its languid lines islove. It has its allotted size, andplace, and function. It Is a specificcreature. Ruskin: "The Seven Lampsof Architecture."WASH THAT ITCH AWf.YIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't you'make every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and reavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, get'at least a 25-cent bottle today. We estfure you of instant relief.G. S. Varden & Son.MADDENED THE BEAR.Ingenious Trap That Was FormerlyUed by the Mexicans.ne Mexicans in California had anIngenuous method of trapping bearsbefore the advent of the Yankeesbrought modern firearms into the region. A piece of meat was nailed tothe stout horizontal limb of an oaktree. Prom a limb five or six feetabove a rope was suspended, to theend of which a large stone was madefast so that it hung about six inchesabove and a trifle nearer the trunkthan the meat on the lower limb.When a bear smelled the meat fromafar he would climb up the tree andmake his way to the bait In doingso he would push the stone pendulumto one side. Just as he was about tofasten his teeth in the meat the .stonewould swing back and bang his head.This would arouse the anger of thebear, and he would givo the stone asweep of his paw which would sendit swinging farther out. The consequence was a harder bang and moreanger. The more he struck the stonethe harder he would bo hit in return,until from ferocious anger he wouldlose his caution and attack the pendulum with all his vigor. One powerfulsweep, then bang, and bruin would betumbled out of the free to the rocksbelow, where, disabled by his fall, hewould be at the N mercy of those whoset the trap whenever they chose totake him.THE HANDY MAM.His Job of Varnishing the Door WasNot a Howling Success.Mr. Brewster thought his front doorlooked as though a coat of varnishwould do it no harm and resolved todo it himself to save the expense of apainter.Finding an old "golden simp" tin inthe yard, he went off to the shop forsome "best oak varnish." He placedit in the pantry for the night and wasup early next morning and by halfpast 12 had got the door finished."I don't like it now it's done," hesaid to his wife."It's bad varnish," replied she."He's sold you the wrong sort ofstuff."He thought so,. too, and went backto the shop, taking what was left withhim."This is funny varnish you sold me,"said he. "It's dull, sticky stuff."After examining it the shopman said:"This is not "what I sold you. This issirup!"It then dawned on him that he hadgot hold of the wrong tin, and hewent back home to explain to hiswife, who at once said: "Good gracious James! And I've made the pudding with the other tinful!" Then,after a moment's pause, "You'll dinetoday on roast mutton and varnishpudding!" Pearson's Weekly.Ths Gallery Gods' Applauso.Lawrence Barrett once told of aconversation he had with Edwin Booth.The latter had been congratulated upon an ovation given him by a crowdedhouse on the opening night of ap engagement. "The sweetest music fo myears," said the great tragedian, "is theshouting of the boys in the gallery. 1know they are not applauding becauseI have a reputation or because theywish to make a display. They simplygive vent to their natural enthusiasm.When they shout I know that 1 amgiving a good performance. As for theparquet, it may clap its hands out ofpoliteness. A dramatic critic who hadcertain notions as to how a line shouldbe read will applaud if 1 read it hisway; otherwise he will remain quiet.I can never analyze the applause ofthe front rows, but the gallery is sincere in its likes or dislikes."Shakespeare's Education.Shakespeare could not have been aneducated man, that is. in the academicsense of the word, for he was a mere,youth when he went to London fromStratford and had had, up to that time,only such mental training as" he couldpick up in the schools of his nativetown. It nowhere appears that he attended school after leaving Stratford.And yet, as Matthew Arnold says, helived during his London residence "ina current of ideas in the highest degreeanimating and nourishing to the creative faculty in a society permeated byfresh thought, intelligent and alive."And he used not only the ideas whichhe imbibed as they floated around him,but all the learning he could pick upwithout neglecting his calling. NewYork American.Drawing, the Disease Out.The Chinese have a curious customof trying to cure a sick man. A fiiendof the patient obtains a straightbranch with a few leaves and twigsat the end. On this he hangs a mirrorof .polished steel, and under that oneof the sick man's coats. Then he goesfor a short walk, a priest in the meantime performing a ceremony. Thecoat, being carried in this way, is supposed to draw the disease from thesufferer.Just So."He doesn't really love you. He'safter your money.""But if his love were not genuinehow could he put so much fervor intohis wooing?""Oh. a man can dig up considerablefervor when he has to marry money or;io to work." Exchange.Inside Information."Dear sir," wrote the man who owedhis tailor and had received a letter asking ior payment of the bill, "your let'or was extremely impertinent, and 1LAXATIVE SENT FREE TO TRYIt may be 'taken for granted thatthere is no family that does not sometime need a laxative. If you don'tknow of a good laxative, or the, laxative you are using is losing its effect,we want to call your attention to Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, which thousands of families are using successfully. We have scores of letters frommothers, and scores from prominentmen saying they are using it personally and giving it to their families,men like Mr. C K. Smith of theTraffic Clearing House, Pine Bluff,Ark., and Mr. George B. Turner, alawyer of Harlan, Ky. The thousands of mothers who use it themselves and give it to their childrenwould take too much space to mention. The reason they prefer Syrup Pepsin is that it is a mild, gentle laxaToo Much Given to Boasting.One trouble about the man whonever smokes or drinks is that he devotes the time thus gained to talkingabout it. Exchange.A Spoil-Sport.A Kansas City man has invented anaeroplane which, he says, cannot fall.If this is true he's apt to take all thefun out of flying.Bloodine" Itching and BleedingOintment JPiles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Bheum, Pimples, Kas-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Fall-i ing Hair.'Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodlne Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.nolen'sFresh CaughtFishThis Week.Paris, Ky.IonsYOVfit o oi MaMargolen,-JBffPmmMKhE GREATEST itfeMEDYl jjM lFORTHECWEOL:? OF DBEASESAWSINGFEQJiAl t-, ;? V IMPURE BLOOD.- 1 iJ& I IT GIVES NEW t!FE AND Itl PEOPLE. DEUCATt wwwtj'j ipAAND i TENDER BOYS AND Jm AiKnw.ia -Z.1 .uiKiaf v vi ih.II CUMWnONEY.UVEKMBLAU K? 11 DER DISEASE; CATARRH. w I,. -I li ASTHMA. RHEUMATKH.I U J" l GOUT. LA 0R1PFZ. CON.JJ Jg'11 SUHPTKJN. DYSPEPSIA, f if JFm CONSTIPATION. HEARTJjjil DISEASE. HALARIA.JC1. J7p NERVOUS DEBILITY, $!, fSirisS wl THE BLOODINE CQaN'l mP f3 KEW V08JC, m'Bt8UVvl LfFvf if ffiTfcrfrTiTr'TTJT r iVKAddress, The Bloodins Cokpobjltkht, Boston If iW. T. Brook?, Agenttive-tonic that does not grip effective and yet so mild that babies cantake it. Its tonic ingredients invigorate the body and strengthen: thestomach and bowel muscles so tkatthey again do their work naturally.If you have been a victim of salts,pills and strong cathartics you willdiscard them when you once useSyrup Pepsin.You can buy a fifty cent or onedollar bottle of any druggist, but before doing so you may want to try itfree. If so, send your address to DrvCaldwell and he will promptly forward a free sample bottle. Then, being convinced, do as others are doingand buy it in the regular way of yourfavorite druggist.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.Brazil's Wise Move.Brazil is to teach agriculture In thseveral states, in harmony with thaI Dlan for annrpntinneVifT -j i ,-l.tr. w w.JU uiaue scaooatWife Got Tip Tod Advice.'-My wife wanted me to take oarboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil," -writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,Okla. "I said -put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it.' She did so, and it curedthe boil in a short time." Quickesthealer of burns, scalds. cut3, corns,bruises, sprains, swellings. Best pilecure on earth. Try it. Only 25c atOberdorfer's.VSfiv J'25 1One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The""Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartTiillinery.We have made extra effortashis season to reach the idea ofvery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Bloodlne Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-Checker manently, cures aOoup-h. nrrrniv Whnnn.ing Cough and all Throat and Lung-OLiieuuiuiia. jliib Desu remedy xoremmren. zoc, ouc ana 551.00 a Dottle.mrs. narrietie vv i ai in. f innv v; r- c-.o- iI have had Bronchitis for about twenty years and ;us me nrsi meaicine mat nas aone me much good, iW. T. Brooks, Agent.indin e)We!KrowBLOODINEyWffl Help YouTo Regain Your Strtogtfcand EnergyReport of the Heal Phyttofaa teLoading New York Holtlj on th Cure of Catrrh"A few years ago we considered thatwe were doing well if we cured ten pccent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us, but since the introduction of("Bloodine" into our hospital we curmore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrh in its various forma broughtto us. Catarrh of the Head, Catarrb.of the Eyes, Catarrh, of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the large intestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, relficCatarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, and: Catarrh of the Stomach are quicklycurea with "isiooaine." ltbuiiasnewtissues, gives new energy, new life.new Diooa ana strength to any part orthe body attacked by the Catarrhalgerms."Bloodine is powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed of(valuable tonic stimulants obtained'from vegetable drugs. "Bloodlne".contains no narcotics or other dangerous drugs which merely deaden pain,temporarily, but give no permanent: relief or cure the cause of your disease.:"Bloodine is a powerful body builder. and blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profession toenrich thin, watery blood and supplynew, rich red blood to the whole body.FRE& To prove the wondtrfotjnerits of BLOODINE we will mail &large sample bottle for 10 cents iQ f&ver or stamps for postage.E3 wJzs$ &jil&aSi &fLX1 KNfiRIfA -'IS- wjiif'n .-Dl " . V e-Z V" . T "i-T-'A 11 171MJ U-V prd!AW &m& uWOiriYerkes & Pritchard.: i eturn it to you unopened." 'Vc,4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 18, 1911.Auu.$Aiti tIKIi-W'ItUMm.inuut1nripi-i.5MRMbJ14:3 '.ilIAniMILLERSBUIG ITEMS.Mrs. Henry Sheeler is quite sick.Rev. Weir left Thursday for Bristol,tH.0. ,Mrs. T. R. Wilson was in Lexington' Tuesday.Mr. E. P. Clarke was in Lexinetont-on business Wednesday.A number are attending the Ewingfair from here this week.Judge T. P. Wadell was in Cincinnati Tuesday consulting a specialist.Mrs. R. M. Sanders and Mrs. E. M.Neal are thought to be some better.Mr. M. H. Current and Mrs. Elizabeth Dodson continue about the same.Miss Mary Vimont, of Lexington, risthe guest of her couisn, Mrs. D. E.Clarke.'Mr. and Mrs. Roy Endicott returnedThursday after a two weeks' outing atParks Hill.Ttfrs. W. F. Carpenter was one ofthe judges in needle work at the Ewing fair Thursday.Col. C. M. Best was at Nicholasville,from Monday until Wednesday in theinterest of M. M. I.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Powell andlittle son, Harold, left Thursday for aweek's visit to relatives at Cynthiana.Mrs. Sallie Best and daughter, MissDannie Louise, returned Saturdayafter a month's outing at Bay Viev,Mich.Mrs. Anna B. Saunders, of Court3ibson. Miss., is the guest of herbrother and sister, Mr. and Mrs. JohnJBerry.Connell Bros, sold on Tuesday to-Jonas Weil for the Eastern marketthirty-seven fat cattle.averaging 1,450pounds, at $6.25.Misses Lucille Daily and MattieButler left Tuesday as members of ahouse party given by Miss MaryMitchell Clay at Paris.Mrs. J. Tl Parker and little son,Stanley, left Wednesday for theirhome at Maysville after severalweeks' visit to relatives here.Mr J. W. Boulden, of Maysville,was in town a short time Tuesday.He was in attendance upon the reunionof Morgan's Men at Parks Hill.Mr. and Mrs. FM Rrnron anr famHifof Cynthiana, and guest, Miss DorothyOttoman, of Cincinnati, were guestsot Mrs. Hettie Brown Sunday andMonday.Mr. R. M. Caldwell left ThursdayTan C1(Y af Ctmn fn All Ti-ii yi.rj xj.s. .-? icilllJJO M. ICC IU JTkU TV X1KJ V 1311 V-U.1 UlUICSaturday, August 26,Red Letter Day.YOU WILL HAVE TOHURRYIf You Want to Secure Some of the Great BargainsWe Are Offering While Our GreatJUarkDown Sale !Is in full blast. We have marked down our entire stockof Summer Shoes and Oxfords for a quick clearance tomake room for our stock of Fall Shoes now arriving., H 'SSBS'kwaw-DAN COHEN.336 Main StreetCome to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is onand save the difference.for a visit to his sister-in-law. Mrs. jL. E. Wagoner, at Continental, O.The news work for the LexingtonHerald, KentucWan-Citizen and Bourbon News will be in charge of Mrs.Aaron McConnell during his absence.All persons having news matter oradvertising for either of these paperswill call Home phone 95 or communicate same to Miss Ethel Collins.President C. C. Fisher, of the M. F.C., was in Cincinnati Thursday onhusiness and and from thence toKavanaugh Campmeeting near Louisville for a few days.Christian church services at M. M.I. drill hall instead of at church aspreviously announced as it will be impossible to get the church ready foroccupancy by that time.Misses Bessie and Mary Agnes Purnell left Tuesday for a few days stayat Mammoth Cave. They were accompanied as far as Louisville by theirmother, Mrs. Mattie Purnell.The following Confederate veteransattended the Morgan reunion at ParksHill Tuesday and Wednesday : SquireE. P. Thoamson, Dr. J. H. Peterson,Messrs. J. A. Miller, W. M. Laysonand Martin Bowles.The work of pumping and taking thedebris from the old distillery cisternfor the M. F. C. water works is proressnig nicely. It will soon be readyfor the concrete work. Laying themanis from the cistern to the collegewill begin in a few days. It is hopedto have everything ready by September 8.1 1 1n regular meeting of Amity LodgeTuesday night it was decided to give ahome coming which will take placesometime early in October. The appointing of committees and furtherdetails will be acted upon at the next"regular meeting, Sept. 4. The lodgeis enthusiastic in this and they proposeto make it a rousing success.NOTICE.Owing to tke draught thewater supply is getting low.It is necessary to ask thatgreat econemy be used inthe use of water, especiallywith hose.NEWTON MITCHELL,Superintendent.Capt. Lusk Promoted.Captain R. E. Lusk, for the pastfive years one of the popular andaccommodating L. & N. conductors onthe Maysville division has been transferred from this to the Cincinnati andKnoxville division.ALL 4Walk-Over Oxfordsincluding all leathers and styleat cut prices.-At The Big Electric Sign.the styles of the best.Tenement' House Damaged byFire. The fire department was called outWednesday afternoon in response to analarm from Box 31, near Eleventhstreet, where a frame cottage wasburning fiercely.The fire originated from a coal oilstove, which wafi left burning in thehall upstairs. It is supposed that theblaze was turned too high and ignitedthe paper on the walls of the narrrowpassage. The flames quickly spread,the entire roof was burned and nothing was saved from the second floor,the consents which were not destroyedby the fire being ruined by the water.The fire department prevented thespreading of the fire to adjoiningframe structures, as a stiff breeze wasblowing. Ihe roof of the house belonging to Mary A. Judy and thestable belonging to Mr. W. L. Yerkes,on the opposite of High street, caughtbut no damage was done. The housebelonged to Mr. J. B. Northcott andwas occupied by four colored families.Fire,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfMystery Surrounds Discharge olConductors.The Cincinnati Enquirer of yesterday contained the following: "Mysterysurrounds the discharge of eightpassenger conductors on the Knoxville-Cincinnati division of the Louisville and Nashville. Officials declarethat no conductors have been dismissed from the service ot the road, whilethe men and their friends declare thatthey have been let go. The men werelet out on short notice, but why is amystery."About a year ago the Louisvilleand Nashville put "spotters" ontrains, most of them being women. Anumber of charges were turned in bythe "spotters," but no action wastaken by the road. Beyond admittingthat they have left the service of theL. and N. the men, who claim thatthey have been discharged, fdecline todiscuss their dismissal. When confronted with these facta officials of therod stenruously denied that any conductors had left the service."Humors were afloat yesterday,bothin Cincinnati and Covington that theOrder of Railway Conductors will becalled upon to take a hand in the matter, as the local committee haveexhausted all means in their powerto get the men reinstated."1::. f-, c-rParis, Kentucky.iiCome now while the rangeof sizes is still good and" Railway detectives. .They Trace Those Who Steal or Destroy Property of the Road.The secret service Is a hard gameto tackle, but, like all kinds of work,it has its easy jobs. One of them isthat of special agent for a railroad.The agent is supposed to trace thosewho steal or destroy railroad property.When he is notified that a trunk orother article of baggage is missing hefinds out by its number from where itwas sent and follows it on the books,to the last station where it has beenchecked. Then he notifies the police,in the vicinity between the stationwhere the baggage was last checkedand the station where it should havebeen checked. The police get busy,and probably the property is soon recovered and the thieves put in jail.The baggage is then turned over tothe special agent, who notifies the railroad official that he has recovered thestolen goods.If a freight car is robbed the special agent pursues the same tactics.He finds out where the car was lastsealed and the place where the car wasreported as having its seal broken.The police or constables in the country between the two points are notified, and if they fail to capture therobbers the railroad may never hearagain of the stolen goods. Whereverdestruction has occurred to railroadproperty it is usually police officerswho trace and arrest those guilty.However, the special agent mustbe a keen judge of human nature andwith sufficient tact to make himselfpopular with the police officers in histerritory. Usually he is an old timedetective and is well enough acquainted with detectives and police throughout the country to obtain results wherean amateur would fail.THE JUDGE ERRED.His Mistake Clearly Explained by theOld Colored Woman.The judge of the juvenile court,leaning forward in his chair, lookedsearchingly from the discreet andvery ragged piccaninny before hisdesk to the ample and solicitous formof the culprit's mother. "Why doyou send him to the railroad yards topick up coal?" demanded his honor."You know it is against the law tosend your child where he will be injeopardy of his life."" 'Deed, jedge, I doesn't send 'im.I nebber has sent 'im, 'deed""Doesn't he bring home the coal?"interrupted the judge impatiently."But, jedge, I whips 'im, jedge,ebery time he brings it. I whips delittle rapscallion till he cayn't set,'deed I does."The careful disciplinarian turned herbroad, shiny countenance reprovinglyupon her undisturbed offspring, butkept a conciliatory eye for the judge."You burn the coal he brings, doyou not?" persisted the judge."Burns it burns it cose I burns it.1W'y, jedge, I has to git it out ob deway.""Why don't you send him back withit?" His honor smiled insinuatinglyas he rasped out the question."Send 'im back, jedge!" exclaimedthe woman, throwing up her hands ina gesture of astonishment. "Send 'imback! W'y, jedge, ain't yo' jest donebeen told me I didn't oughter send mychile to no seen dange'some andjeopardous place?" Youth's Companion. Bumps on the Head.The lump raised by a blow on thehead is due to the resistance offeredby the hard skull and its close connection with the movable elastic scalp bymany circumscribed bands of connective tissue. The result of a blow whenthe scalp is no cut is the bruising andlaceration of many of the small bloodvessels or capillaries. Blood or itsfluid constituent, serum, is poured intothe meshes of the surrounding connective tissue, which is delicate,spongy, distensible and cellular, andthe well known bump or lump is quickly formed. This cannot push inwardat all and naturally takes the line ofleast resistance. Similar bumps maybe formed on the skin in exactly thesame way, for the shin bone also iscovered only by skin and subcutaneousconnective tissue.The First Iron Bridge.The first iron bridge ever erected inthe world and which is in constant useat the present time spans a little riverin the county of Salop, on the railroadleading from Shrewsbury to Worcester, England. It was built in the year1778 and is exactly ninety-six feet inlength. The total amount of iron usedin its construction was 378 tons. Stephenson, the great engineer, in writing concerning it said, "When we consider the fact that the casting of ironwas at that time in its infancy, weare convinced that unblushing audacity alone could conceive and carry intoexecution such an undertaking."Fertile Socotra.Socotra, a large island in the Indianocean, is one of the least known ofthe inhabited parts of the world. .It ismountainous, but very fertile, and inancient times was famed for frankincense and myrrh, aloes, dragon's bloodand spices. But now Sumatra andSouth America produce more dragon'sblood.Revenged.."Johnny, I have great news for you.I am going to marry your sister. Whatdo you think about that?""I think it serves her right" Houston Post.Riches do not consist in the possession, but in the use of things. 'Plutarch. 'Deiih-Dealin Gun.The United States Navy is 'planninga new 16-ineh gun which will make thepresent world beating 14-inch gunobsolete.The navy has justefinished one of thefourteen-inch guns, but it has beenheard .that some of the nations, Japan,especially, are also building the samecalibre to keep pace with the situationin case the world is awakened from itsdream of jpeace.The plans for the new gun havebeen made by Admiral Twining, Chiefof the Bureau of Ordnance. Thelength of the gun will be 67 feet. Itwill carry a shell weighing 2,000pounds and will be effective at 15miles, thus proving that the horizoncannot put a limit to modern navalscience. ,The fourteen-inch gun fires a shellweighing 1,400 pounds and has a rangeof 11 miles.Two New Clubs in Blue GrassLeague.A news dispatch from Lexingtonsays: "President Thomas A. Sheets,of the Lexington club of the BlueGrass League, announced here thismorning that the Blue Grass Leaguewill invade Covington and Newportnext season, having clubs in each ofthose cities, thus' giving the leagueeight clubs and putting it probably inClaRs C instead of Class D, where itnow is."All clubs in the league will remainunless Wincnester drops out. and iE itdoes, Mt. Sterling wants a franchisebBdly."Preisdent Neal, of Louisville,talked the plans over with the presentleague officials here, and all agreed onthe proposed scheme. This is the firsttime those cities have ever been invaded by the Bluegrass baseballorganization."Secure Amusement .Company.The Committee on Amusements ofthe Bourbon County AgriculturalSociety has closed a contract with theRock City Amusement Company, ofNashville, Tenn. for the week of theBourbon Fair Sept. 5-9. The amusement company comes with the reputation of being the best on the road,carrying ten high-class attractionsand three excellent free attractions.Soon to Begin.Work on the tram sheds at the L. &N. passenger depot, will commence na few days. The structures will be ofconcrete and extend form the depotover three tracks.Fine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Best cash business in the city. Terras to suit .fcthepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.Ml1-4On All Men's andBoy's Suits" "" "" " " " r ri mi - -in mi nn iiuBennie Weissberg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYlOur line ofIver is VeryTiniest- "! rAl II f 1 i I i I I 1 !wedding gifts. IPFMFMRFD THIC II ries the very bestAnn lArt nn rri-craw.i w vu 5VVI from a teaspoon to a tea-set. ,J SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.m 'The House of OuaKfer "wk Both Phones.To ly Frieids aid HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. VYallingford.faster s SaleOFReal Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.W. A. Gaines & Co., - - Plaintiffsvs.Henry ClayDefendant.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911.of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will enSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofParis. Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., sellthe property 'described in the judgment and ordered .to be sold in thisaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaintiff' judgment and costs beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit ofsix months, to-wit:A certain house and parcel of groundon the waters of Hinkston creek in thatown of Shippsville, Bourbcri county,Ky., particularly described as follows:beginning at a stone corner to LewiPetprs, running with the road 22 -tyard3 to a stone on the same side ofthe road, thence west 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thenceS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters' corner;thence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interestst the rate of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, payable to theundersigned Master Commissioner.Said sale will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amountingon the day of sale to $86.45, and costsof this action, including the costs ofsale amounting to the sum of $63.32,amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $149.77.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stitt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.OFFSterling SiLComplete.4-T-I-ea i-v-,I . I I II 41 I I I I-in Solid Silver Itmn -4.k IJVUL CLiiy wingftfi - ?,