-"- - A '-V,.K-- . -J&f.'f nJSTHEBOURBON- II .NEWS. y ' vv. ". " yK ' -w f -Ctf. - -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PBIDAY IN THE YEAB.4izrVOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1911.NUMBER 1vL-HDanville Advocate in TelephoneFight.A fifiht is on in Danville betweentheEist Tennessee Telephone Company ard The Kentucky Advocate.Through its columns the Advocate hasbenn hammering the telephone peoplefor alleged poor service offered, andthe low assessment of their propertyin th county for taxation. ManagerWebbet, nf the Danville Olice, has refused to allow the Advocate's reporterat Junction City to use the phone forthe despatching of news. The Advocate states that it will prosecute thetelephone company for, entering on itsproperty and cutting the wires of theindependent line running into its officeseveral months ago.Co tbe Good People ofBourbon County;In appreciation of the largestand most satisfactory year ofmy business career, I wish to express my sincere thanks. Duringthe coming year I shall strive tomerit a continuance of your patronage by courteous treatment,prompt delivery, and the highestquality of goods at a price consistent with the running of asuccessful business. Anythingthe market affords in eitheror fancy groceries can be foundin my store.Yours Respectfully,Logan Howard.Barn is Burned.A barn on the farm of Lee Linville,a few miles from Earis, on the Ruddles Mills pike, wah destroyed by fireat an early hour Sunday morning, entailing a loss of about $3,000 with$400 insurance.The bjrn, which was situated withina hort distance of the residence ofMr. Linville, was discovered to be onfire by nieghbors. and before theyreached the scene the building wasalmost consumed.For a time the residence was threatened with destruction. In the barnwere four horses, two cows and sixcalves besides a large quantity of feedand farming implements. Mr. Linvillepjrohased the farm upon which he resi led of Mr. Blanton Speakes.The fire is believed to be of incendiary origin. Efforts were made toget bloodnounds from this city andLexington to the scene of the fireSaturday morning, but services of thedogs could not be secured in eithercity.Noted Aviators Killed.John B. Moisant and Arch Hoxsey,aviators extraordinary, were killedSaturday.Both fell out of the treacherous airwith their machines neither from agreat height and Moisant's remainingminutes of life was so few as to countas naught. Hoxsey was killed instantly. Z Moisant met his death at 9:15 o'clockSaturday morning while attempting toalight in a field a few miles from NewOrleans.Hoxsey, who went into the air early in the afternoon at Los Angeles layat 2:12 p. m., a broken, crushed, lifeless mass in plain view of the thousands who were watching the aviationtournamentThus, the last day cf 1910, in bringing the total number of deaths of thosewho have sought to fly to thirty-five,capped the list with two of the mostillutsrious of aviators, who have beenwriting the history of aviation in thesky of two continents.ft'Your Christmas Money Goes Fartherest atThe "ROBNEEL,as$ -ari or 1 hanks.Having lately embarked in businessand enloyed a liberal share of thepublic patronage during the time, Iextend to one and all my sincerethanks, and wish them a happy andprosperous New Year. .Wanted to Marry Blue GrassBelle.Several months ago Chief of PoliceReagan of Lexington, received a letter from St. Louis stating that thewriter wanted to many a rich Bluegrass belle, and all that he wished theChief to do was to put him in communication with such a person. The letter was published in the Lexingtonpapers, and Dr. D. Bell, a well knownveterinary surgeon of that city, wroteto the inquirer, representing himselfas a rich young widow with the nameof Mrs. Laura V. Wakins.Th( Sf r.nius man ardently resoond-ad, and after the exchange of severalamorous letters, Dr. Bell grew tirenf the cramp nnrl a few davs SKO senw v. w 0H v ......a letter deeply bordered in macK, anapurporting to be written by the 'pivate secretary" of Mrs. Wakins, stating that while Mrs. Wakins was onher way to the city to buy a Christmas gift for her St. Louis admirer,ner automobile was struck by a train,her chauffeur killed, and she, herself,so badly injured that she died threedays later. The letter stated that herlast words were of her correspondentin St. Louis.Evidently inspired by this communication the following letter has beenreceived by Chief Reagan."St. Louis, December 29, 1910. J.J. Reigan, Chief of Police, Lexington, Ky. Have been informed by special letter that Mrs. Laura V. Wakinshas been killed in auto accident on24th. Will you please wire me at onceas to the truth of this report. Chargespaid at this end. Don't delay."Ask for Old John Poindcxtcr Whisky. None better. 4tWarning.If you don't gt some of those bargains on display in our window thisweek don't blame-any one but yourselfthey are there for you. Better cometoday.J. T. HINTON.ita iChristmas Has Come andr Gone, But"TV JMitchell & BlakemoreiV;'.?s '.-? .'-'-; ' .-"Continue to sell the rightgoods at the right prices andwish their customers in Bourbon and surrounding countieshappiness clear through theNew Year.toISftftThe Grocery Store of Quality ji LEINIMAIN, Prop. SpFamous Sire Dies of Old Age.Bourbon Chief 976, one of the mostnoted sires of saddle horses in theworld, died a the Hinkston faim ofhis owner, Mr. J. K. Gillispie, inMontgomery county, of old age. Thegrand old horse was buried on thefarm which he had made famous.Bourbon Chief was bred and fjaled inBourbon county, near Millersburg,May 29, 1883, and was sired by Harrison Chief, and dam by Latham'sDenmark. He was a show horse fromthe time he was born until he diedand swept the country in the modeland harness classes many years ago,heinc the onlv horse ever to defeatHarrison Chief in harness. He .was a,brilliant actor, possessing pleiiCy-ffire and vim with great intelligenceand retained these faculties until ashort time ago.Bourbon Chief was the sire of morenoted show hor3es than any sird of thepresent day and among the winners inthe ring to him were MontgomeryChief, Bourbon Prince, Emily, Emerald Chief, Bourbon King, BourbonBeauty and Marvel King. The old kingof the show ring and sire was witoutprice and bis death i3 a loss to the saddle horse industry of this icountry andthe State.Buggies at Low Prices.For the next thirty days we will sellany buggy in our house at ten percent off for cash. Come and lookthe over.15 tf YERKES & KENNEY.IMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men.im KJTs - -WE KNOW HOW."Good News.The ladies will all be glad to ktowthat Miss Holladay's home made candie sare now on sale at Bruce Holladay's. 25 tfi"iS-'mmmv.MaHmwmmmHffePRICE & COf it3sWatch this Space: For Next Issue..t-Vii.' n' 'mmmwmmfmmmumiiiiiiHNiBmViimmiiiiiiiimim kI FRANK & CO.. , 1 1i The Ladies' Store. '- - IS1 -5 v I" " !& JAnnounce TheirAnnual JanuaryClearanceSaleAndSpecial Sale of MuslinUnderwear to BeginSaturday, Jan. 1 4th,EndingSaturday, Jan. 21 st.Come in'and'get your share of theBig Bargains.PRICE & CO. Clothiers.wkgmFRANK & GO.iwiiwuMiimii!? ?-:HmmiimimMminiiimnyniipJi Wf4rrjtK".'XtMrs:.-,-j-2i22i'5v'Xx:-&L ii- .iN "kTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 3, 1910.ITHE BOURBON NEWS.Woman s PowerOver ManWoman's most glorious endowment is the powerto awaken and hold the pure and honest love of aworthy man. WhctJ she loses it aad still loves on,no one in the wide world can know ihe heart agonyshe endures. The woman who suffers from weakness and derangement of her special womanly organism soon loses the power to sway the heart ofa man. Her General health suffers and she losesBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theTfettieton tSioCjwhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1881 2$ Years of Continuous Publicationher good looks, her attractiveness, her amiabilityand her power and prestige as a woman. Dr. R.V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N.Y., withthe assistance of his staff of able physicians, has prescribed for and cured maaythousands of women. He has devised a successful remedy for woman's ailments. It is known as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It is a positivespecific for the weaknesses and disorders peculiar to women. It purifies, regitlates, strengthens and heals. Medicine dealers sell it. No honest dealer willadvise you to accept a substitute in order to make a little larger profit.IT MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG,SICK WOMEN WELL.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate aad streagtkea Stomach, Ltver aad Bowalm.Display advertisements, $1.00 per nch for firs time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cowts per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per lino each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per lizfe.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday awdx Friday.as aaaaaaaaw$&Geo. M cWillams,The Shoe Man.ONE YEAR,fL.OO SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00lmrzsTake a TumblecheapnessYou cantooasW' ,'..To the fact thatalone is not economy.pay too little as wellmuch for gasoline engines. Youdon't do either here. Wehandle only merchandise of reliable quality and sell it atprices which comparison willshow are as low as suchmachinery ca i be bought forany where and lower than mostother places charge for thesame grade.YERKES & KENNEYParcels Post a National Need. He Stopped Mis Paper.The deuand for an extended ParceJs The ediror of the Martin MaiL haPost has become insistent ; it will ne the following to say ::longer be denied, says an editorial t borne time ago a cranky sort of inwriter in "Success Magazine.' Re- dividual came into this office and stopnewed agitation for the elimination of , ped his paper because something in itthe annual deficit in the Fost-Umce did not exactly suit his fancy.Department has revealed the folly of ipermitting the express companies torob the postoffice of a source of largeincome by conveying small parcels.The recent strike in New York and vicinity during which the business ofour greatest city was partly paralyzedby the refusal of tha express companies to meet the moderate demands of Jtheir employes, emphasized the neces- Isity of rescuing this important publicWe hay f.equintly met him oz&thestreefr since then and it is amusing tonote the lock of surprise on the oldfellow's face when he realizes that theeditor is still in existence, regi rdtessof the fact that we are no longer getting his dollar."Some day, however, and it willnof.be long, that oid gerrileman wMlturn up his toes. His heart will Destilied forever. There wills be a disfunction from the hands of a private .play of pretty posies and crepe, andmonopoly that is not responsible to the neighbors and friends- will followthe people. The complaints which the his lifeless clay out to the Silent CityInterstate Commerce Commission atWashington has received from shippersthroughout the country, constitute ademand for immediate relief from theextortions of these companies. Thepeople are determined that we shallhave a cheap immediate and generalParcels Post a real Parcels Post.rvHHI TaiaaaaaaaaaaFaw aaaaaLkAll the talking: we can do in favor of FOX RIDGEwilljnot convince you of its superiorqualify half so rapidly as a-You Don't NeedCook Book innice dinneroryoungest and mostorder to get np aluncheon. Theinexperienced housekeeper can obtainat this grocery everything f r adinner from soup to desert, noarticle of which will requireexpert knowledge or long timeto prepare. Take a look at ourcanned goods and fancy groceries. They are wonderful helpsto young housekeepers.Earthquake in Greece.An Associated Prress dispatch fromAthens, Greece, Thursday said:"There was a violent earthquake inthe province of Elis today, causingi heavy damage to buildings. IheGovernment has sent help."The province known as Elis, is onthe West coast of the Peloponnesuds,and contains the valley of Olympia.The capital is Pygros. Pyrgos has apopulflfon of 12,700, and consistsmainly of one long street crowdedwith warehouses. It is the largesttown but two in the Peloponnesusprovince."Bath Farmers Slow in Stripping.BALDWIN BROS.Two Big Stoi cs, Corner Seventh and Main and South Main.THE LOCKSThat "do not a prison make'are noc the kind we keep. Oujlocks, bolts, etc., are tue kindthat stay locked and bolted.They are not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassue. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.LOWRY & TALBOTTand lay it to rest in the deep, darktombv"An obituary will be published irvthi&paper. telling what a kind husband, loving father, good neighbor, beloved citien, and how progressive andpublic spirited he was which the recording angel will look over for chari-iy a saKe ana in a snort time ne willbe forgotten."As he lies out there in (he cold,cold graveyaru, wrapped in the j-ilentslumber of death, hejwill never knowthe last kind word spoken of him willbe the editor of the paper which he sospitefully stopped."Have you, gentle reader,, everpaused a moment to think that youreditors whoever he may be will someday write your obituary."sample load.W. C DODSON,PARIS, KY.Bath county, with over 6,000,000pounds of tobacco, has sold less thanone-sixth of her crop and less thanhalf the amount sold has been strippedand delivered, a condition unprecedented in the county. Farmers generallyare aimint? to striD their own tobaccobecause they say their cr6p"vri8"- aM"ready cost them more than they havfbeen offered f r it. They are also disposed to take their own time, givingas a reason that tney do not intend totake the prices offered for it, even ifthe proposed organization .for poolingdops not materialize.Healthy New England.New Zealand has about the lowestdeath rate In the orld.Ends Winter's TroublesTo many,, winter is a season of tnou-bie, The frost bitten toes and hugrs,chapped hands and lips, chiibiains,cold sores red and rough skin-pjovethis. But such troubles fly. beforeBucklen's. Arnica Salve. A trial convinces. Greatest healer of burns,boils, .piles, cnts, sores, eczema andsprains, Only 25c at Oberclorforfs..Sived From Awiul Death.aJimllllllBmlflBt5vI Bourbon LaundrysictofttftftftftftftftftsvDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Potoffice.fffB r5$1aaaaaaaQflS tl MtyYvaamaaaaaawaaaaawal'aaaaaa aaaaaaaaamHelp Your Public Library."Here are a few suggestions," saysAlys Gordon in Woman's Home Companion for January. "You have aquantity of old magazine? ; some rainyafternoon have a clipping bee, get thechildren to cut out the pictures, leaving the name, another day mount themon heavy paper of a uniform size andgive them to the library to loan to theschools."Post-cards are also most valuableand have filled many a gap ; think ofthe library, if you have any of interest. "If you can tell storie3 to children,offer your services to the librarian ;that will cieate a new interest."It is the same way if you have anyspecial collections, such as etchings,prints, photographs, book-plates, china, or old fashion plates which arenow stored away. Offer to loan tbem,to the library and be there one or twoafternoons to explain them to the casual passer-by or to persons interested.If you have a garden or a greenhouse,remember the library, for nothingadds so much to the friendliness of theplace as flowers."If you haven t thought oi the matter before, remember it is your library, and the more you use it the greater chance it will have to prove its. usefulness and importance to the generalwelfare and uplift of the community."Butted Through Wire Fence.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris. Kentucky.The Elizabethtown-Newa tells- of anencounter between Sam Payne and avicious buck. Mr. Payne- has frequently visited in Nicholasville wherehe has many friends who will enjoythe "story:" "One day recentlyi while Sam Payne was out hunting hewas on Roy Edelin's place near tovnand climbed over a wire fence to crossa lot. Mr. Edelin had a vicious buckconfined in this lot and as soon as hesnied Sam he made fur him. Sam tookto the fence but before he couldit the buck had him and began buttinghim furiously. He finally buttedSam's head through the wire fence.As he attacked hira in the rear, thefence would give as the buck wouldmake a furious assault upon a tenderpoint of Sam's .anatomy, then as hewould swing back he would butt thebuck. Sam finally had to call forhelp. Mrs. JDdelin saw his 'dilemmaand called to her husband to run toSam as 'the buck was butting hisbrains out After much difficultythe unfortunate hunter was '.extractedfrom both the buck and theaaaPa aaa aEf a aa?Pa1 aamam?aaaiE!miaasaaaaaaaaaaaaHow a.n appalling calamity in hisfamily waa prevented is told by A. D.McDonald of Fayettville, N. O.j.R. P.D. No. 8 ''My sister had consumption,'.' he-writes, "she was vezy thinand Rale,, had no appetite and I seemed to grow weaker ever day, , as- allremedies failed, till Dr. King's- NewDiscovery was tried, and so comrpletoly cured her, that she hae nobbeen troubled with a cough since.Its the best medicine I ever saw orheard of." For coughs, colclv,. lagripue asthma, croup, hemonhage,all bronchial trouble it has rva. squallnOc. and $100. Trial bottle- treeGuaranteed by Oberdorfer.Vital Necessity.Wounds cannot be cured unlessthay are probed. Livy.Matches Long in Use-..Matches were being made at thebeginning of tne sixteenth century.Free Child'sRemedyWhat mother is not: 2ooking forsomething that will help; her childrenin the little ills of lice, somethingfor the stomach trouble and thebowel trouble? Long ago she probably has become convinced that achild cannot readily, swallow a pillor a tablet, and that tr "break themin half and crush them" is an annoyance; that usually theyr work too drastically, and are nauseating and too powerful for the little one-s stomach.Any mother who wlil take the troubleof sending her name aad address can obtain & free samplo bottle of a, remedythat thousands of ot&er mothers are usingand now paying for.. This remedy is Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Bepsln. and the offer ofa free trial bottle is open to any motherwho has not yet used it. Having usedIt and convinced yourself that it is whatyou want, you can obtain it in the future of your druggist at fifty cents andone dollar a bottle, just as so manyothers are doinjg. the free sample beingsimply to convince you of its merits. Itis the best way to begin on It. Mrs. 1Davis of 187 "W. Harrison street. Chicago,and Mrs. Mary Belford. 1710 Coke street,Louisville, Ky., both started with a. fresample and now they write that theyhave never been without a bottle In thareach ! bouse since.it is unaouotediy a great family rem.edy. as it is adapted to all ages, beingmild and pleasant to take and yet thoroughly effective. It is especially theideal remedy for children and women andold Tolks, who need something pure, mildand natural. It has the advantage of being a thorough laxativo and yet containsnnln rATflrt I ao TTn t- .. 4L. t1 rtrrn mr0- in " Trr , mfm rnriOhas, S. 'Brent & Bro.DEALERS INHempField SeedsBlue Grass SeedBrth 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY," Arkle, AgentFor lni ' -t Company.Use Royal Gasoline-in yo urn BlueGrass Oil is your lamp UseDixie: Gem CoalVin your cook stove arid your grates.ARKLE &;CO.PHONES: Office, nSEast Tenn. $esidencQ. 257 East Tennionic properties. use it for the moststubborn constipation, indigestion, livertrouble, sick headache, sour stomachand such complaints with a guaranteethat it will cure.Dr. Caldwell personally will he nleasedto. give you any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyiree oi cnarge. J xpialn yourcase in a,.-.; letter and he will reply to you in detafl.wireuv, , ,-vir t jfence. He hats refused to talk about name and address on a postal card orit. but! we notice a? he Esita down Ihe otherwise. For either request the doctor'slw.j-7lookifUrortchir." ?ti ulk$S,"-C?'rTTittr:azmiL.L.AIAVIHLSALEIIIIONFINE FURSATLOWENTMAL'SThe Largest Stock in the City to Select From. ?Repairing and remodeling at reasonable prices.ML LOWENTHAL, furrier,Lexington, KentuckyFayette Phone 687-Y.MMtlMHMBllWMHFay3"1 vIMPERFECT IN ORIGINALf!i ii iim,.f" - rtam iAfK.,w J -aa. aaa.. -'7JT.v-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTlCKY, JAN. 3, 1910 .)jl .i iasw?w?w?w?w?iJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!wJ-1S-VW!TRE J9B ReOfflS OFMewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,' CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler &j Price JobPresses come, around and see itwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.the Bourbon Hews,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcUWiWiUWiWlrtA NATION SAVED"I am going to take the stump,"declared Mr. vMerriwell, in a lowset voice."What stump?" asked Mrs. Merriwell, heedlessly."The great stump of Americaneducation," said Mr. Merriwell, becoming oratorical. "The nation i3rotten to the core. The gieat common people"" are happy digging ditches,raising corn and dodging automobiles," took up Mrs. Merriwell."You'd better let them alone."Mr. Merriwell was set in his purpose. The campaign was in progress.Mr. Merrhvell's appointment was forthe densely populated eleventh ward.He found awaiting him probably athousand Lithuanians, Czechs, Hungarians, Slavonians and and Finns.As soon as he mounted the goodsbox fro'm which he was to declaim,other hundreds of Greeks, Bohemians Syrians, Armenians and Turkscame running up. Mr. Merriwellbowed in his most pleasing manner."Pipe de swell guy!" cried a shrillvoice in front of him.Mr. Merriwell smiled benevolentlyand waved his right hand in an encompassing gesture. "Friends, fellow citizens," he began, in a voiceinto which he endeavored to putfeeling, "I am for the man in harness, the man with the hoe, theman."There was a roar from the assemblage. "We don't care a ting aboutyer men with hoes and bridle," criedan auditor. "Are youse for GasHouse McConnell? Are youse forSlippery Heel Dineen? What yertink of de wharf gang?"Mr. Merriwell did not cease tosmile benevolently. He raised hislarge fat hand, palm outstretchedfor silence. It was well that he didso. In his early days Mr. Merriwellhad been a splendid sand-lot baseball artist The outstretched handwas just in time to S5J-e and neatlyhold a far-flung turnip."Good ketch! Out at first!" shouted the crowd,Mr. Merriwell, in an effort to befunny and carry the crowd, bit intothe turnip. Days had passed sinceit had been a good turnip. Hefrowned and choked and spat allover a swarthy Sicihclian directlybeneath him."Ah, looka ouat! Spitta lika daspreenkler!" sputtered the outragedone.Mr. Merriwell, still game, raisedboth hands and began anew. "Thetime has come" he shoutedvigorously, when he was interuptedby a strolling street piano performer. When all good citizens shouldpause to think" shouted Mr.Merriwell at the top of his tnin, treblevoice."Sling-clang-cling, ting-tang, teeooh!" chimed the noisy, gaudypiano. The crowd clapped hands inglee. A hundred joung Americansin the making danced and shoutedabout the street piano. Someonekicked the box on which Mr Merriwell stood wildly gesticulating intothe crowd he sprawled. By the timeMr. Merriwell reached the car linehis face resembled a water-splashedcheckerboard."What is this large, blue spot,dear?" asked Mrs. Merriwell, as shetenderly dressed his wounds.""I think a Chinaman did it," explained Mr. Merriwell."Ah, the brawney hand of labor,"murmered Mrs. Merriwell. "Andwhat is this?""I believe that was a cabbage," hegroaned."The fruit of American industry,"murmered Mrs. Merriwell . "Andwhat about the country?""Let the country go to Tophet!"growled Mr. Meriwell. "Ouch, beeasy that's tender!"The Wrong Recipe."What's the matter, dear?" askedMr. .justwed as he came into thehouse and found his wife eiylng asif her heart wou'd bieak."I'm so discouraged," she sobbed."What has bothered my littlewife?""I worked all the afternoon matting oustards because I know you wereso fond of them and atd" (hereshe began weeping hysterically again."And what darling?""And they turned out to be spongcake." Tit-Bits.Physical phenomena.Hubby Why didn't Johnny shoveloff the walk?Wifey (apolaatically) Th poorbor's back was so lame I hadn't theheart to make him do it.Hubby Huh! Where is he now?Wifey I don't know, I'm sure. Iguesa yes, that's he over iheie withthe Brown boy, rolling those big snowballs to' make a fort.He Sought Light."You are charged with trying tocommit suicide", said the magistrate sternly."I was driven te It, your honor, bya woman.""By a woman, eh?" mused the magistrate. "Did she refuse you, or didshe marry you?"WiCTilaJTfScrofula disfigures andcauses life-long misery.Children becomestrong and lively whengiven small doses ofu rmiliASn0 c uu rc uevery day. The starvedbody is fed; the swollenglands healed, and thetainted blood vitalized.Good food, fresh air andScott's Emulsion conquer scrofula and manyother blood diseases.FOR SAI,E BY AT.I, DRUGGISTSfSend 10c., name of paper and this ad. forour beautiful d:ings Bank and Child'sSketch-Book. Each bank contains aGood Iuck Penny.SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl St., N. Y.tSTOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanMlleRangeiAnd Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderivetedJStove Pipe and allj kinds of Cooking Utensials.Oive Me aYTrial.King Redmon.Main Street,Paris, Ky.ymOne of the ..Many Popular!Shapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too'.If you aie looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our -presenthandsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofever7 woman and feel confidentV)f your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.oaiawin racKmg o., i"The Model Packing Plant," IResnectfullv solicits vour Datronacre.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawford3 Oliairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.iiFor sale" by all i first-class grocersand dealers.Baldwin Packing Co.Paris, Kentucky.IIL. Se N. TIME-TABLE;IN EFFECT FEB. 2, 1910, AT 11:59 P. M.Trains A.rrrveNo.FROMFOR SALE.Foos Jr., 2-horae power gas engineip good condition. Reason for sellingwill install electric motor. Cost $125.Will sell for $60 cash. Apply toTH& BOURBON NEWS.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning.our patronaere Holicited.Charles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Reasonable Conjecture.Teacher (at the mission Sundayschool) The verse reads, "And theprophet rent his- clothes." Johnny,you may tell us what that means.Johnny I s-pose he didn't have theprice to buy 'em."What is that often quoted rec-ipfor cooking a rabbit?'1"First catch a cook. T believk.wOffers his services to the people ofBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five years experience.Orders left at This Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt attention.John White & Co.LOUISVILLE, KY.XatabUaned 1887H lfhet mar ketprtci paid& FURSand HIDES.WOOLHWiissioaMJKafFuffajN.34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5134 Lexington, Ky., Daily 5.7 Maj'sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7,10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10,12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10,33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 1026 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 1125 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 39 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 338 Knoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3,5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.39 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 58 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 630 Lexington, Ky., Daily 632 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 614 Lexington, Ky., Daily 1031 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:26 am.23 am.28 am.25 am.55 am.12 am.40 am.05 am.05 am.10 amou am.10 pm.15 pm.22 pm.25 pm.40 pm.40 pm.29 am25 om27 pm.27 pm:40 pmTrains IDe-partNo.344117401029373313362625TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.33 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.35 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.30 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.44 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily ..9.46 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily iV.. 10.15 amLexington, Ky., Daily v 10.18 amMaysville, K., Daily .... ,....?...... 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '.11.54 anLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.90 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.35 pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.48 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday..,..............., 6.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily .45.33 pia13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 8.&5.pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily! Except Sunday f . . .stiKjini30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday if;45pm131 Lexington, K Daily ." .-. : Q.&im31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.$0 pmIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains -A.rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda ; 8.15am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily E cept Sunday 3.50 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.22 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.10 pmTrains IDe;pa,rtNo. TO101 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.00 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday -. 7.35 am1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .45 am3 F ankfort, Ky, Daily'Except Sunday 5.55 amA,fi t,VW WP nwlTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY JAN. 3,. 1911.r-.'iValuta Iniian Relics Found.John D. Bickford, a collector ofInditn relics, of Seattle, Wash., whileexploring an old Indian buryingground on'Pond river, near Rockport,Ky. .secured two relics which are saidto hi valuable finds. One is the skulltf an Indian which is in an excellentstdte of preservation, and which Mr.Bickford says is in a semi petrifiedcondition.The other is an Indian "pipe ofpeace' having a bowl that will holda full sack of smoking tobacco. Theaperture for the stem is a half inch indiameter.Dr Frank Dewjtt,who owns perhapsthe largest collection of Indjan relicsin Western Kentucky, also has a number of Indian implements and relicsiha "He" found in tha same Indian buryin? r.und explored by Mr. Bickford.Thi graveyard is located under a hiI,Jill in the P?nd riverj3ection, and'eonV',inS & large number of mounds.?ftay Makes Men Grows..Ifc "may" yet become" possible fo?'men td aud a cubit to his statue andttiat without taking more thought thanis necessary to make up his mind topay a fee to a qualified man of science, says a London dispatch. Therewill be no consumption of indigestibleb i'?e-making and flesh-forming foods,no stretch of the limbs upon a rack oltot tu re and no cunningly made shoescontaining artificial aids to height?, a ray applied to the anatomy inthe proper manner will do the trickthat is, if science ever succeeds in capturing the elusive ray and turningpossibility into a fact.rrrn(uargoien s.Lard12 1-2cMake your wife a present of a can of lard,12 1 -2c per pound, in50- pound cans, untilDecember 26.Margolen,S Paris, Ky. IIITELEPHONEH.J.GROSCHE,BakerFor Cakes.Letus supply your Christmas necessities in the wayof nice freeh cakes. Webake daily. 'Phone us yourorder for black, white andyellow fruit cakes made ofstrictly high-grade materials, 20, 25 and 30 cents perpound.H. J. GROSHE,Cor. 8th and High Sts.Five Men Wanted.Earn $65 to $125a Month.Five men wanted to be Chauffeurs,Repairers and Demonstrators. Personal insttuetion, actual repairingv and driving. Complete course 5fireekd day or 10 weeks evening.Wr'te tor Illustrated Folder.'Automobiling With Pay.'ikY. M. C. A. Automobile School,701 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.cet23-3t-3ot.v?fcL,T r)Serious Wreck Narrowly Averted. By the narrwoest ot margins anorthbound Queen & Crescent fiytrwas prevented from plungm overHigh Bridge Thursday night tu t! eriver nearly three hundred feet below,averting a .disaster terrible to contemplate. The fact that the heavy traindid not leap over into the yawningchasm was due entirely to the presence of mind of the fLgman, ..who applied the emergency brake on disco Bering that the observation car had jumped the track and was bounding alongthe crossties. The train was broughtto a stop one hundred feet from thebridge wi h the derailed car Ivinar onI the side in a cut. The bridge stands267 feet above Kentucky river.About a d gen passengers who we'e'T the observation ear"" Were biuisedand reached, though none waB seriously injured, and congratulated themselves when they realized the terribleperil they had so narrowly escaped.Lacked Atmosphere."I did hope for an r.rtiBtic career,"said the disappointed looking man."but I met with difficulties I could notconquer. What I needed was atn osphere." "I see,; the same old tioub'e.What were you an author or a painter?" "Neither. I was learning toplay the trombone, but I was naturally short of breath."Cuts Down Accidents.In Birmingham, England, a bonus ofone pound ($4.86) Is given to everymotorman for every three monthsthat he goes without an avoidable accident Master's Sale-OF-House & Lot in Paris,Ky.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.Alice Crick, Plaintiff,vs.Mary Sidener, Defendant..By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled actoin at the November, 1910c rm cf the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bouibon Circuit Court, will, onSaturday, January 21, 1911,at the courthouse door in Paris, Ky ,abcut the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder, on a credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts of thepurchase money, the property 'described in said judgment and ordered to bescld in this action, to-vvit:A ceitsin house and lot situated onMain street, paris, Bourbon county,Kentucky, near the southern 1'mits ofthe city of Paris, fronting on theMaysville and Lexington turr.pike road6S feet, beginning at the line of Mrs.N. Wood, formerly R. T. Davis, running N. with said pike 68 fept, thenceback f:om said pike in a Westerlydirection a distance- of 297 feet, thenS. 68 feet, then E. 297 feet to the beginning, and adjoining Mrs. Wood onthe one tide and Mis. Sharron on theother side, neing the same propertyconveyed by the Paris Cemetery Company to Sarah E. Sidener by deed ofdate October 18, 1888, of record in theBourbon.County Clerk's office in DeedBook 70, page 483.The purchaser will be required toexfcute bonds for the purchase pricewith good surety bearing interest fromday ot sale until paid and payable to!the undersigned Master Commissioner.The share of the infant defendant.Mary Sidener shal not be paid by thepurchaser but shall remain fa lien onthe property until she arrives at age.or until a guardian shall qualify andf UJ .. ,..:.1 U " 4U " r.:..:iCodp.RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.TALBOTT & WHITLEY,Attorneys.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.3 10 17 24.A Speedy Cure forConstipation, Biliousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,Liver Complaints, Tired Feeling, Had Taste isthe Mouth, Bad Complexion, Nervousness and allJtMMi of the Stomach, Liver and Bowels."Bloodtne Uer Pills"act RCBtly, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,stomach and digestive organs. 1 he pills, in oldaad chronic cases of constipation and indigestion,act at once, without griping, cor do they leave anyunpleasant after-effects, nor form a constant habitof urging, produced by other cathartic remedies." Bloodlae LI ver Pills 'mtore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcoadmon and healthful action. Remove and prevent constipatioa by securing a natural and regular operation of the bow els, and relieve those unpleasant symptoms which attend a diseased orsaorbid condition of the liver, stomach and bowels.Te assist la attaining this end, the following sugftrtioba are offered.. .REMARKS. Everyone who uses pills fortheir action on the liver, should know that largedoses rarely prove as satisfactory as small ones.Large doses simply purge and pass out of the system, usually lea mg thesbowels constipated, andseldom removing the cause of the trouble, or improve the general health. On the other hand,small doses deelop the alterative effect of themedicine, do not irritate or constipate the bowels,but gently stimulate the liver and prevent theaccumulation of bile by directing its no into theproper channels. 1 herefore it is advisable to commence by tiLing not over one or two ptlls at bedtune and increase dose as necessary.Portland, Mb.Gents : I find your " Bloodir.e Liver Pills"the most effective pill I ever used. They ca::seno gnping or constipative after effect u most hv erpills do. Yours truly,MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.WRITES FROM MEXICO.C. T. Erringer, Former ParisBoy Tells Interesting Storyof Mixican Revolution.WITNESSED ENGAGEMENT.Says 'fhrse-Fourths of Population Is In Sympathy WithEfforts Against L)iaz.In a series of letters to a Parisfriend, T. Clarence Erringer, a formerParis boy, who is now a resident ofChicago, traveling in Mexico and theSouthern American states in the interest ofja well known automobile firm,tells graphically some of his experiences in the land of the Montezumasduring a period of the revolutionagainst the Diaz regime. The following are extracts from some of the letters, which deal mainly with personalexperiences and views of the writer:"Chihuahua, Mexico Dear li. Havespent the morning doing Chihuahua.This is a beautiful city with a population of 38.000. 1,500 being Americans.The city is looking and preparing fora "scrap," and it looks to me that itwill come soon, as the rebels are growing stronger daily and capturing allthe towns within a radius of 100 milesfrom here."Early this a. m. I visited theStates prison. Not being visitor's d&yI flashed the card of my friend, Mr.Friss, the war corespondent of the ElPaso, Texas, Herald, and the captainof the guard took off his hat to me anddetailed a special guard to show methrough. They certainly have an up-to-dateprison here, being far ahead ofJoliet and other American institutionsin every respect. In each cell, whichis well ventilated, they have runningeat, and each cell is provided with asoft bpd to sleep on far differentfrom the jail at Juarez. In this prisonat present are six hundred prisoners,onlv two of whom are white."I was introduced to the Warden andextended every courtsey as a newspaper man. 1 told him I expected togo over to Guerrero to witness a littlefighting, and they told me to drop offat Pedernales, '"hero a battle was sureto come off tomorrow. Therefore, instead of going to Guerreio, as intended, I will go to Pedernales early in theit orning."1 had quite an experience with theMexican customs officials in Juarez.They held me up ( n account of somearticles of clothing I had with me.stating that thty could not pass me.The train was held fifteen minutesduring the aigument. I told themth"y could take the samples and well,finally, Mr. Friss, of the Herald, explained, as l couia not taiK "Aiexi -cano, " and they pasted an 0. K. labelon mv grips. Now, I suppose I willI have trouble going into the states.However, so far so good."1 visited an old Mexican church.I built seveial hundred years ago, alsoplazas innumerable. The city is sur-I rounded by mountains and has somei beautiful Mexican homes. I visitedthe home or the uovernor, ana l astireyou it is a veritable palace. I wouldgive the world to have you with me, toenjoy tnis wondrously beautiful country. It is simply beyond description."Today is a holiday, or fieast, andthe city is in ga!a attire; hands playing; citizens singing on the streets;soldiers coming and going, and everything very muoh alive, as it there wasno danger or death lurking near. It isamusing to see thewomen making andselling bread in the streets; beggarsinnumerable asking for one centos oranything they can get. You know a1 Mexican dollar is only fifty cents inour money, so my living is very cheapcosts me $1.50 a day, and I see it all."Mr. Friss is a very fine fellow. Hewas formerly connected with the Chicago Tiibune. He said if the fightj was not over by the time we reached jreuernaies we wuum lime a uuaiuunon the side of the mountain, and wit-ness the wnole engagement with noi challce of being shot or wounded. Ibelieve i ain game, and r sincerelyun u ui f f..n n ..!, ;. """ l" " "'c "" B,,."UUUJ: "I expect to go up to Brownsville, Texas, as soon as we cn get away fromthe fight, and will let you know whathappened, as far as I had a chance tosee or near of it. Sincerely,"T. C. E.""JRancho Santiago ti miles East ofPedernales, Mexico. Dear B. 'Thisis as nearly correct a statement ofwhat I have seen of the Mexican revoIjtion, as witnessed by a travelingman, as one of that 'long-sufferingtribe' could make."I arrived in Pedernales on themorning of the expected battle, theobject of my visit being to learn thetrue condition of tne revolution inMexico. Upon arriving I learned ofthe presence here of Mr. C. D. Hagertv.the Associated Press correspondent,also a Mr. Harris, official photogapher. "The revolutionists received me verykindly, and offered me an escort to theRancho Santiago, near the scene of thefighting. Upon arrivial here I learnedthat an attack was to be made by theFederals on the ranch that night, and Iwas advised to make a hasty eixt tothe ranch of an American by the nameof Farragut, who kindly gave meshelter for the night. The next day,there being no attack made that night,.1 went over into the Federal lines,. andwitnessed scenes that are almost beyond description. In Sunday's red-hotengagement the revolutionists foughtGeneral Navarra to a finish, althoughinferiaor in numbers. Seventy-fourare known to have been killed, fourteenof them hping rebels. Every man inthe littel town of Cerro Prieto wasbrought before the Mayor to prove hisinnocence of participation in the revolt. Thirty could not do this, as fasfas their identity became known theywere taken out and shot like dogs.Five of the insuriectos who ran out ofammunition and surrendered werebayoneted. One of the number, whohad fainted from a bullet wound in thetemple, a flesh wound only, and a bayonet thrust on his ribs, was left onthe field for dead but daring the nightrevived sufficiently to make his escape."The most serious loss sustained bythe revolutionists occurred in an'adobe' in which they had taken refuge. A shell wrecked the place, klling and wounding several, but not before they had accountd for a numberof the enemy. I counted thirteen deadnear the ruins of the 'adobe.' Theyhad all been stripped of their clothingby the Federals, and thrown into theroad. This is a common practice forthe soldiers to do, not only to securethe clothing out to concegj their identity. "Last night a famous bandit by thename of Pancho Villa, with abouttwenty-vfie of his followers, forsookthe path of patriotism for the old lineof endeavor. They beat up and rob-'had a Chinaman who acted as myinterprete the day preceding; extorted52,000 Mexican money from a nearbyanchman, and threatened to kill theftstion agent at Pedernales becaube herefused to give them two horse shoes.The agent left his station todsy andfled to Chihuahua, but not until affSrthe bandits had pillaged his brother':store and threatened to returnthe nextday and kill him."The leader of the revolutionists atthis point is a man by the name ofHerrara ; with General Navarra, leader of the Federals"The day of my departure forChihuahua the revolutionists informedme that they, with their army cf1,500, would advance on GeneralNavarra that afternoon, and that theyhad no possible escape with his armyof 1,000 men, as thty had them 'buttled up.'"The revolutionists now hold thefollowing tomis: Isabel, Palomas,San Antonio, San Andreas, Rosario,Minica, Cusihuirachia, and other smalltowns. I am informed by Herrarathat if they win this battle they willtake Chihuahua. The revolutionistsare far better fighters and generalsthan the regulars, mot of them beingof the educated class of men, and con.sisting of merchants and others whohave large interests at stake."From the different interviews Ihave had with the citizens of Chihuahua, Monterey and Torreonh I findthat about seventy-five per cent of thepopulation are in sympathy with therevolutionists, but dare rot expresstheir opinions publicly. There is netthe slightest doubt m my mind thatthe revolution nas only begun, and willfinally result in the complete overthrow of President Diaz and hisgovernment. his revolution is undoubtedly the result of an unlimitedJraft despotism and oppression ofthe masses by the classes."T. C. E."Insure with W. O. fiinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfThat Good Candy.Try a pound of that good candy thatis on sale at Bruce Holladay's. It isthe same kind that made the Misses1 Holladayj makers,famous last year ascandy25 tf:savaSEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT OF THEFirst National Bank, of Paris, Kentucky,,At Close of Business, December 31, 1910.RESOURCESLoans and Discounts. $367, 389. 06Overdrafts .00U.S. Bonds 101,000.00Cash, Due from Banksand U. S. Treasury 45,753.21?514,142.27IEARNINGSDISPOSED OF AS FOLLOWSExpenses $ 3,370.641Dividend No. 7-..... . 4,000.00 jUndivided Profits 3, 073.77$10,444.41OFFICERSClaude M. Thomas, President,W. P. Ardery, Vice-President,Jas. McClure, Cashier,R. F. Clendenin, Ass't Cashier,H. W. Mann, Book Keeper.Business has greatly improveddeposits are daily increasing and all signs protend prosperity.During the present crop-moving season we have taken care ofour customers to the fullest extent, and offer a similar service toall future depositors.Safe Deposit Boxes for rent.Depository of the United States and City of Paris.DIRECTORSClaude M. Thomas,W. P. Ardery,M. R. Jacoby,Clell E. Turney,J. Frank Clay.Only Saints Do It.We can most of us do an unselfishthing now and then, If we are to havethe credit of it; but it is only thesaints of everyday life who can makea great sacrifice for the sake of others, and take care to prevent their discovering it is a sacrifice. J. C. Bailey.Few Say Anything.The idea that when people meet Itis necessary for them to talk hasgrown out of helpless self distrustNot over five out of a million peoplasay anything when they converse.Card of Thanks.We desire to heartily thank every one of thelegion of friends who favored us with their patronage during the year 1910, and we take thismethod to express our appreciation of their valuable good will, and at the same time to invite acontinuance of their favors during the comingyear.. We wish you all a happy and prosperousNew Year.Sincerely,A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.3ft,vJSr'.LIABILITIESCapital Stock $100,000.00Surplus and Profits.. 59,295.40Circulation 100,000.00Due to Banks .00Deposits 254,846.87$514,142.27;Gross EarningsI Past Six Months . . $10,444.41$10,444.41during the last sixty days.OurClifton Arnsparger,J. A. LaRue,W. W. Haley,R. B. Hutch craft,An Ace Up His Sleeve.Munich has once more become thscene of a "painful incident" through,ignorance on the part of a young man,the son of a high offlcial, as to howto hold his cards when playing, saysthe Munchener Post. A game was in.progress at a club when some onesaw the young man draw an ace fronxhis sleeve. "When the excitementcauc"d by tr oreration had somewhat subsided a prominent citizenprevented criminal proceedings bybundling the card sharp into an automobile, which took him without stopacross the Bavarian frontier.:v.W. T, Brooks, AgentTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 3, 1911.X.fHli HOlJRBON NEWS.GOODS OF QUALITYEVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSPERSONAL MENTION.THE WINNER.Mr. L. W. Camery held the Ilucky number, 964, whichentitles him to the pair ofshoes given away by us.GEO. McWILLIAMS.Mr. Lyons Board is quite ill.Mrs C. M. Clay 13 giving a luncheon tcday.. 1,Ir Dennis Snapp is visiting relatives in Nicholas county.Mr. James Engleman visited relatives in Stanford last week.Mr. Frank Daugherty has returnedto his home in Pnilacelphia.Mr. W. O. Hnton was a visitor inLouisville yesterday, returning today.Rev. Dr. P. J. Cheek, of Danville,vraajhguest Saturday of Paris reja.-tiws".TWO CHILDREN BURNEDLeft Alone They Play in Grateand Start Fire That Consumed Their Parent's HomeNotice to Stockholders.BRAVE FARMER RISKS LIFEFiscal Court Meeting.The Bourbon Fiscal Court will meetn regular session Thursday, Januaryr- md Mrs. James Kenney, ofb'ansas City, are the cuests of rela-1 tives in Bourbon.IiomeMade Candies.Miss Holladay's celebrated homerrirte candies now on sale at BruceHoliday's. 25 tfBank Stock Sold. ,Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold pub':Jy at the court house door yesterdayfi,e shares of bourbon Bank stock toJ. R. Stivers at $195 per acre.Ask for Old John Poindexter Whisky. None better. 4tSee Hinton's Window.If your heart is weak don't look atthe prices on those chairs in Hinton'swindow. They are so ridiculouslybw that thty may scare you to death.Clearance Sale.Attend Rummans & Ellis' ClearanceSale which is now in full blast. Onefojrth off on everything. Nothin?charged.Restaurant Open Today."Kid" Stout's newbo npen to the puhlict rg is in first-classtraue.P!Mr. George M. Hill, of Frankforthas been the guest of his family inthis city for several days.Mr. J. W. Davis is able to be outafter being confined to his bed forseveral weeks with illness.Mrs. Come Watson Baird and MissMatilda James are the guests of Mrs.Clarence Matthews in Mayiwille.Mr. and Mrs. Roger Clarke, ofMadisonvillewere guests for the holidays of Mr. and Mrs. Noah Clarke.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Dyche andI'ttle son haver eturnpd to their homein London after a visit to relativeshere.Mrs. Helen Korsyth, of Abington,Va . who has been thp fiipst nf raUtives here for the past week, has returned heme.Miss Hazel 'Cottingham returnedto London yesterday after spendingthe holidays with her parents, Mr. andMrs. A. W. Cottingham.Mr. C. E. Morgan. Jr., who hasbeen visiting hi parents. Elder andiirs. oarey ,. Morgan, has returnedto his home in Omaha, Nebraska.Mrs. Kate Swain, of Detroit.Minh., enroute to Lexington for a visitto her son, Mr. Clark Swain, was theguect Friday of her brother, Dr. F. M.Fari s.Visschre Settle son of the late Edward Settle, left this morning forOmaha, Neb., where he will residewith his cousin, Frederick Visscherinomas.Misses Essie and Goldie Saloshinand their guest. Miss Hazel Straus, ofCincinnati, returned last night after avisit cf several days to friends inCynthi ma.Prof, and Mrs. Alderman and son,ol Barboursville, vV. Va.. wfr cuests! Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. L. B PurnellMrs. Alderman was formerly MissJennie Kate Purnell.Mrs. Frank Wricht and children,of Winchester, who have been theguests of her mother, Mis. Mollie Lair,in this city, .returned yesterday totheir home in Winchester..Mrs. Carey E. Morgan will entertain her Bible class this evening ather residence on Twelfth street ate ght o'clock. Every member is cordially invited to be present.Mr. J. M. Brown, formerly con-surrounding towns Sinarer ?ewinp Machine Co.. and agent:f aprruencing the f,r the Lexington Steam Laundry, willj leave this week with his wife forI lennessee where they will make theirI future home.Boy and Girl Taken to a Lexington Hospital Where They arejn a Critical ConditionThere will be a meeting of the stockholders or the First National Bank ofParis on Tuesday. January 10. 1911, inthe office of said bank, between thehours of 9 a. m. and 3 p. m. for thepurpose of electing officers for theensuing year.C. M. THOMAS, President.IW. Ed. Tucker.restaurant willtoday. Evreyorder for thens Drawn for New Flat Building.The Ransom hers have securedplan-? from Architect H. L. M inter, ofPan, for a modprn store room and up-to-datefiats, to be erected on the correr ot Mam and Fifteenth streets.30 Day Business.The clcse margin on books and as wesr. t.mpled ro pay our accountswry thirty dajs. forces us to do athirty cay buisuess.J Hereafter allaccounts will be due the first of eachmonth.PARIS BOOK CO.Horse Stolen.Mr. Robert Turner had a horse stolen from his stable m Lilleston avenueSt.turd-y night. Ihe animal, which isaval ablfnc, was taken f"om thegUt !e shortly after midnight. A ric-s-'m.jion of th horse has ben furnished ri. fficisls ofv. t ' the m petr.cf.Annual Clearance Sa Ie.Our Annual Clearance Sale commenred yesterday with a rush and will lastfor 10 days. Our pricts are cut 25 pprcent. Silks at cost and less. Come intoday.RUMMANS & ELLIS.A Cood New Year Resolution.Resolved, that during this year wewill not miss a single day of seeingthe excellent pictures that are presented at the Comet Theatre.Today at the pretty little theatrewill be presented two excellent pictures, "A Fortunate Misfortune," agood Essanay film, and "In the GoldenHarvest Time," Selny picture, will bethe offering.Good Things.Pies, cakes, Buster Brown bread.FEE'ACountry Residence DamagedFire.Mr. R. C. Ware, district superintendent of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company entertained morothan sixty of his employs at the Y.M. C. A. in Lexington Saturday nightA number of well-known speakersmafle short addresses after the elaborate banquet among them being Mr. J.T. Lynch, of Paris.The Echon, London, Ky.. says:"Mr. C. J. McLear, who several yearsago was proprietor of the CatchinirHotel, and who now conducts a hotelin Paris was in town this week shaking hands with his many friends. Mr.McLear must have found the fountainof perpetual youth," for he looksyoungerthan when he left London.'Mrs Tandy Hughes closed herchildren's dancing class in this citySaturday afternoon with a beautifuldance at the Elks Hall. There werelovely Uhnstmas decorations to add toby the beauty of the scene and the ccces-lon was a very charming one enjoyed 1I by both the young people and manvThe countrv residence of Mr. Amos j older onis who enjoypd looking on, theTurney, on the May vsille pike, was j music bting played by Miss Brogle ofthreatened with destruction by fire Lexington. There were many beautiSunday. One room of the resident I fuI fancy dances and pretty Germanwas badly damaged. The oricin if ! figures led and the graceful little dan-With their bodies from the waist uphorribly burhed a five-year-old son andthree-year-old daughter of Mr. andMrs. James Burden, residing on theRussell Cave pike, a few miles fromParis, lie in a critical condition in theGood Samaritan Hospital, in Lexington, and if thpy recover they will owetheir lives to the bravery and rarepresence of mind of Cash Strong, ayoung farmer of the same neighborhood. The distressing accident occurredyesterday morning about 10 :30 o'clockwhen the Burden home was destroyedby fire. Mr. Burden had gone to hiswork of stripping tobacco a short distance away from the residence and hiswife, leaving the children in the housewent to the home of a neighbor somedistance away for some milk.Left alone in th building, the children, it is supposed, began playing inthe open grate, igniting the carpet onthe floor and the flames were rapidlyconsuming the building when discovered. The mother, who was returningto her home, saw the flames brustfrom windows of the building, and inthe moments of her intense excitement and anixety for her little ones,fainted before she reached the house.Cash Strong who was passing, wasfirst attracted by the smoke issuingfrom the roof and windows, and knowing of the absence of the parents ofthe children, supposed they were inthe butning building. With all hastehe hurried to the scene, reaching ronly a few minutes before the rooffell. Hering cries from the childrenwi'hin Strong bravely entered tnebu 1 'ing and made his way through fireand smoke to the room from whichcame the cries of Ihe children. Reaching them he gathered them in his armsand with great difficulty retraced hissteps to the yard, where he tore fromthe little bodies the burning clothes.Strong wa& painfully burned about thehands and arms.Dr. Elmer Svveatvan was summonedand administered to the injured children, until they could be removed tothe Good Samaritan Hospital in Lexington. A message from that institution last night as to the effect thatthere was but a slight chance for therecovery of either of the children.Everything FirstClass.Everything i3 first-class at "Kid"Stout's new restaurant which is opento the public today. Give him a call.4XT'WeWishJill a4s1 wI desire to express my sincere thanksto my friends and customers who haveso liberally patronized my store thepast year.I am proud of your confidence andintend to hold it.I trust to be afforded an opportunityto serve you in the future.May the New Year bring you happiness and prysperity.Respectfully,Mcippy2ear.."9r CVtfewAnd we thank ourf friends and customers1 .for the liberal nafi-on.444age accorded us dur-ing the past year, and $especially the holidayseason, making this themost prosperous yearin our history.the hre is unknown but it is supposedit originated from paper in the chimney that had become ignited when afire was started in the grate and falling upon the floor. The contents ofthe room were totally destroyed and itwas only by heroic efforts that thenames were confined to this room.Blank Books.cashLedgers, journals, day books.looks and all office supplies atPARIS BOOK CO.Now Going On.Our January Clearance Sale, whichbegan yesterday and Ibsts ten days,offers more bargains than ever before.Boys' clothing, men's suits, overcra's,shoes, drv gm d. etc., at one-fourthoff. Call in todjv.kUi.iMANS & ELLIS.Given bix Months in Jail.In Judge Denis Dundon's court Sunday mcrning, George Current, colored,charged with larceny, was given sixmonths in the county jail at hardibor. Current, it is alleged, committed the theft of a large quantity ( fcopper wire from the Bourbon Femaleliege which was disposed of to MaxM nich, a junK dealer. The omnia. ntwas made to the pdice by Prof. M. G.ihemson, and Current was taken into'usrody Friday night by PartolmanurKe. Munich denied having Ibouchtitne wire, and a search of the premisesof the junk dealer on Eighth street,revealed wire concealed in a barrel.Dr. Mathers, Dentist.Try Dr. Mathers. JDentistf ten yearsexperience; everything new and up-to-date.Opposite Frank & Co.'s. . tfcers in dairtiest of frocks made abeautiful picture. Mrs. Hughes hashad three classes here during the season and will begin another term inMarch.In tha class were Messrs. Will Estilland Rogers Moore, Joseph Davis,Coleman Renick, Marmaduke Brown,Edward Fithian, John Keith and EdgarVansant, George White Fithian, JohnClay,'' Douglas Clay, Clarence Harbee,t.'ohn I. McMullen. Hatvey Rogers,Brooks Woodford. Arch, John T. andI Scott Woodford. Forrest Letton, Hor-ace Miller Clay, William Preston! White, Walter Kenney, Carey Clay,J Newton Taylor and John Stuart:' Misses Marian and Elizabeth Alexander, Elizabeth Yorkes. Marion Moore,Katherine Marsh. Elizabeth Brown,Eliazbeth Renick, Eilzabeth Tarr,Katherine and Anna Wilson, CharlinaBall, Alice Rogers Clay, Eleanor Clay,Prances Kenney, Mary Kenney Webber. Anna Louise White, Mary AdamsTalbott, Patsy Clark. Mary Allen!Hutchcraft.Mary Redmon.James Jones Was Not Killed.James Jones, fugitive from justice,charged with the shooting of SamCustard, colored, in this city, on thenight of D-cember 10 at the liverystable of Martin Bros , on Eighthstreet, is not the same man as reported to have been shot to death at adance at Finnell, in Scott county, lastFriday night, December 23. by ClaudeGriggs, and the pnlice of this city hopewithin a few dajs to have the wouldbe slayer of Custard in custody.Reliable information received by theofficials here follownig the killing ofthe Jones in Scott county, lead themto the belief that that man who methis death in the dance row was abrother of the man who is wantedhere. This information, it is said,was received by the police from residents of the Jacksonville neighborhood, where the Jones family reside,and is to the effect that the man whois being sought visited in that sectionfollowing the killing in Scott county.Acting upon this information Chiefof Police Elgin has instituted a Ithorough search in this and other coun-!ties and believes he has the man located. A warrant has bean issued andsent to an adjoining county, where itis said Jones is hiding. Chief Elginis momentarily expecting a messageannouncing his capture.Atr-IEd. Tucker.9iBiiieI&bIT!l?t?l?l'XThe tollowing goods we offer at 4half price, some less than actual-A Few Bargains. Left.cost to manufacture:4'-4-4;-k-'if1 Brass Coal Hod,1 Brass Fire Set,2 handsome China Fish Sets,1 handsome China Game Set,3 very large Green Mat Jardeniers.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky.Now is the time to get one of those good footscrapers, scrapes and brushes at same time.Sy & $ f '3-.J. .J. .. .1. JU . -I- -J-- -U. .J.4 t Vfjjk ii 1 j4-V - fi f ! fr $i iji :MMBKIB'iHIIBiBAABMIIMAAflHHHttMBHHBMA'I IPICTURES!VBargain Sale Now On.Attend our Annual Clearance Saleand take advantage of some of therare bargains we are offering in drygoods, clothing, shoes, etc. One-fourthoff on everything. Silks at less thancost.RUMMANS & ELLIS.Col-Supervisors to Meet Today.Ih2 Bovrbnn County Board of Supervisors composed of Messrs. NewtonMitchell, Geo. Rassenfoss, Ed Rice, E.P. Claybrook. J E. Estes. S. S. Orrery and W. G. Talbott met yestredayand adjourned until this morning at 9o'clock when they will take up theirwork.Negro Assigns." A deed of assignment was filed yestreday in the county court by JordanRichardson, colored. W. B. Ardery isnamed as assignee. Jordan is in jailunder indictment in the Bourbon Circuit Court for selling liquor in thenegro suburb of Claysville.Seventh District Revenuelection.The Seventh Internal Revenue district closed its accounts fur the firsthalf of the current fiscal year on Saturday, with another record-breakingmonth, the collections for Decemberhaving been $450,000 in round numbers, the greatest December on record.The last three months have seen unusually heavy withrdawals of whiksyfrom the bonded warehouses, the totalcollections for the quarter having beenlarger than for any other quarter inthe history of the Seventh ditsrict, atthe rate of over $5,000,000 a year.Following are the revenue assignments for Bourbon county :F. P. Thomas, Kiserton ; C. L.Hough, day; W. W. Cherry, additionaland bottling ; W. G. Cook, gauger.G. G. White Co., Paris; J. M. Russell, ady ; Clay Cisco, additional andbottling; W. R. Carraway, additional;W. G. Cook, gauger.Julius Kessler & Co., Paris ; J. P.Hutchcraf t, day ; J. M. Tanner, bottling; A. V. Combs and Will Robinson, additional ; R. D. Grant, mealroom ; W. E. Proctor, night; W. G.Cook and J. D. Shy, gaugers.Look at Hinton's Window.See those bargains on display in thethree large sho v windows in J. T.Hinton's big store. Prices cut in half.Everything marked in plain figures.If it is bargains you are seeking nowI is your chance.AT A BIG REDUCTION IYOUNot Somebody Else,BUT YOUCan use a few nice PICTURES to add beauty toyour home. You cannot afford to pass this opportunity by to obtain for your home reproductions ofthe works of some of the best artists at prices thaiwill astonish you.Come in to-day and get the pick.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.J. T. HINTON,Paris, Kentucky.?:II.IINry&knr;in9fC'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, BKENT UCKY, ,JAN. 3, 1910.NANNEnE'S WOESWcttraiastcr Chimesjimrmtihfayj" 0. --TUBULAR BZLL CHIMEThe Herschede Hall Clock as a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article of furnicurefcrhome, office, or institution, appeals alike toutility, refinement, and musical taste. Theperfect movement insures correctness of time;the solid oak or mahogany case, -with cl-sstclines, conforms to good L.ste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the pcal3 cf 7:ai:inlcn cr"Westminster, serve as a pleasing reminder ofthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, all showir.3the moon's phases in the dh arch. We preales agents for The Herschede Hail ClockCo. of this city, and will send iilustn.cd catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. You can putchf.se giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Plate,sQc4d and Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clock's, Etc.,Jf0 GhT Correspondence Department atrrioderte kric, -.Correspondence solicited.SilversmithJewelersThe Frank HerschedeC "smithsCo,Jferschttfe Buildingr, Fourth Street, East" r CfBciRnatl, OliigIII11; eam3s3NEiri 'h wfrffpfif EI 1i' siski iSr I w Im I II ; till$7S to $750MIRRORSRE-SILVEREDBYC. G. SCHWARZ.Pew BPdg, Opp.Windsor HotelUpholstering,Repairing,Refinishing.I have just received a newline of samples for upholstering covers.Home ' Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptji o n s .pure drugs andprompt service,Hardee i Son.DruggistffrMany Varieties of Stamps.There are at the present time over21,000 varieties cf postage stamps Inthe world.mmmmmmmmmmmI Attention, Ladies!Special Low Prices this Week :In Ladies', Misses' and Children'sSuits, Dry Goods,Skirts, Dress Goods,Cloaks, Silks,"Waists, Blankets,Shoes, Comforts,Millinery, Etc.1 TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!t r$ " ? "f --Don't Forget theCashRaising SaleIs Still Going on atTwin Bros.Clothing'and Shoe DepartmentHarry Simon's Old Stand,; rmAunt Nancy's come," Nannetteannounced to her bohom friend in y.choked vvoice, "and ofall the trights!''"What do you :nin?" asked herbosom friend."Well," hesitated Nannette, "ofcourse she's as neat as can be ,but herclothes look as if they were made forIU-&. .Methuselah.""If it's only her clothes you needn'tveny," remarked the bosom friend."You don't have to wear 'em.""It's not only her clothes! ' shriekedNannette. "It's her notions! Theyare simply appalling."For one thing', she objects to myname," explained Nannette, indignantly. "The veiy first thing sue didafter taking a comprehensive viewof the family was to stare at methrough her spactacles steel-rimmedones, at tiut and ask: 'Is this oneNancy, my godchild?'"Dad, who is as proud hs fan be ofhis enormous family, looked a littlesheepish at that." 'Y-y-yes,' he stuttered. 'We had.her chastened Nancy, of course, bu jshe has taen a fancy to be calleder 'Nannette.'" 'Hirmph!' said Aunt Nancy."the accastomed hour, that hor.id Tornthe customed hour, that hoi rid. Tom 1had to bellow out, 'It's Nan's Tutdaynight beau, Aunt Nancy. Parlor's pre- !empted for tlie evening" I,;u 8hoMjave -;a her stare.m . - understand, Maria,' sheaSKed, fixing pofcr mother with hereye, 'that this child has visitors fromwhose company her parents and herbrothers and sisters are haired?"" 'Times have changed, Nancy, saiddad, looking silly.""Aunt Nancy came into the parlorbefore Charles sat down," said Nannette. "Aunt Nancy," repeated Nannette."Wasn't it awful? I had been soafraid of something of the kind. Sheplanted heiself in the only straightbacked chair in the room and, sittingbolt upright, gave me my orders:" 'Now, Nancy, intioduce to me yourfriend.' '"Well, before I knew it, they were !talking together in a most animated imanner. 1 don't know when I have ,seen CI arles so in erested. It wasstrange talk to mo. loo, for, as dadsays, I have neglected to cultivatemy mind."They talked ah" t literature, art,politics and e'.t.. .lence, and 1 had ,to sit there Wu dummy and listento them . Een while he was hold- jing my hand to say good-night he waslooking at and talking to AuntNancy." j"New, what do you think of that?" j"I think you'ie lucky that your AuntNancy is too old for Charles to marry,'said the bosom friend.iJ4Finding a four-leaf clover means finding good luck.Using a Cloverleaf manur spreader insures perfect fertilization for your soil. Perfect fertilization means bumper crops.You want them, and we want you to have them. You can havethem if you will come to us and get a Cloverleaf manurespreader. It is the best spreader on the market, and if youcall we will explain wherein it excels. If you are not justexactly sure what machine you want to buy, call anyway andwe will explain why the use of a manure spreader will increaseyour profits, and why a Cloverleaf manure spreader will saveyou money. We are saving a catalogue for you.Won't you call and get it today?BourbonBarsccr: rrjand Suppiy Company. IThe Fire Escape.They were country reople, pureand simple, but they had read tie jhome papers and .nought they wereeducated up to all the improvements ,of the day.When they visited Washington, D.C, they went through the navy department and saw the models of someof the new battleships.Pointing to the companion ladderhanging over the side of one of theship.-, she asked her better half whatit was."Oh," he icplied, "tfctat's the fire escape."Not That She Knew Of."Did your new cook bring any credent ialfe with her?""Gracious, no," said Mrs. Nurich,as she dropped her diamond necklace. At least we ain't discoverednone, and, anyway, kerosene alwayskills 'em.'Collor Sorrows."Whats the matter with that amateur farmer?'"His peaches have the ellovs.""Yes?""Se he's got the blues.""Doesn't our friend Sipherton object to these constant r'morc that heis going to resign?""He ought not to," answered Senator Sorghum; "those rumors areabout the only things that remind thepublic he is in office.""They are threatening," said thecity clerk, "to hang you in effigy.""Let 'em," replied the mayor, whodeclined to become excited. "Theythreatened to hang me in Arizonoonce, and I'm not going to let a little thing like this scare me.""You should be ashamed of yourself," chided the caller in the luxurious offices of the Boston Real Estate company."Ashamed of what?" asked hagent with the smooth tongue."Why, you told t-hat woman thelot you sold her would be just theplace for her,, husband, and you knowit is under water.""Well, why shouldn't I think itwou'rd suit him? Didn't I hear hercall him 'duckieT"I say, me good man," queried Algernon Perceval Montmorency as heentered the drug emporium, "haveyou aw a good hair wenewah thatI could aw use on me moustache,doncher know?""Yes," replied the druggist, "but wehave something s ill better for yourpurpose. It is called 'Blank's HairOriginator.' "Lawyer "Am I .o understand thatyour wife left yocr bed and board?"Uncle Bphraim "Not 'actly, boss.She dun tuk man bed an' b'o'd alongidf herj.'.... '"7 Upholding a Boss' Dignity."The 'boss' who disdains to acceptan occasional hint from a subordinate is bound some time to have hisegotism come a cropper," remarkedWalt McDougall, the "dean of American cartoonists." "I once had acontrolling interest," he went on, "inan up-state amusement park. Thoventure wasn't panning out well financially, so I resolved upon a strictexamination into the methods of themanager."Bright and early one morning Iarrived at the park, where 1 foundseveral workmen engaged in the construction of a new 'feature.' Nearbysat a man, idly watching. Ah, thiswas indeed suggestive of lax system!" 'Come with me, sir!' said Isternly to the workman."He followed, without a word." 'Mr. Jones pa' this man off,' Iabruptly ordered the manager, whenwe arrived at the local othce." 'But, Mr. McDougall , began that oflicial." 'That will do,' I replied with increasing indignation. 'Give him aday's wages at once!'"When the fellow was paid andhad vanished with amazing celerity,I demanded:"Now, sir, perhaps you can giveme some reason for hiring suchworthless vagabounds.'" 'Why, Mr. McDougall, he wasfinally able to explain, 'that fellowwas never in our employ; he wasmerely a spectator!' "B" "Kri2!VH S You "'' n Lw klnff LION BURr ' HjyjiPE'flHt m ,r r hsmt for your own u. EMB3PgMWPPBHM CINOINNATI, O. flTIME TO GO.He Would you marry a man for hlamoney?She I wouldn't marry you for all thtmoney In the world.Hard to Tell."Oh, dear!" sighed her husband'swife, "I can't find a pin anywhere.I wonder where all the pins go to,anyway?""That is a difficult question toanswer," replied his wife's husband,"because they are always pointed inone direotion and headed in another." Tit-Bits.Approved.He Golf is an awfully fine exercise, don't" you think?She Oh, yes! Why, R makesthe men so strong in their armsthat one can scarcely breathe!Taking Up His Offer.Man Well, it's just this way. IfI buy you a new coat I'll have towear my old one another season.Wife You sweet, generousthing, you!Brother Ekaw "How am yo songittin' along in his new job as a Pullman po'tah?"Brother Smoot "Fine, sah! Datboy kin make a few passes and putmo' dust on a pusaon dan he brushesoff, and it didn't take him two weeksto learn to slam a do' in de way datnobody but a railroad man kin slamit. Yassah, Cla'ence is aho' doin'legant." Puck.Bast Tenn. Telephone Co,INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little$Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have East Teniieirse service youHAVE telephone service. "The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporated.ttwuwwwwwwwttwwftrtfcwO. R. TURNER(Successor to O. R. Turner & Co.)DEALER INGOOD COAL.rNow is the time, during the eariy season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this winter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Ynur orders respectfully solicited.C. R. TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58.IwwwwwwmmtwMmwtmfmrwMm-11,'1) .- r -tf.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 3, 1910,- ,BHnaB iiM. .IJiaufman, Straus & Co.GREATJANUARYCLEARA1NCEE SALEThe Semi-Annual Event atKaufman, Straus & Company's322-324 West Main StreetThis Sale Begins on Tuesday,January 3. 1912, at 8 O'clockin the Morning.No floods Sent On ApprovalNo Goods Reserved or Laid Away Unless Bought.Kaufman, Straus & Co.,...... W .. - .FViPUrTTM kY - Central Kentucky s uraatest L'eparlmcnt MorL.l.h l v -i -? - - -7lIA FAIR EXCHANGEPhysicians Advisethe use of a goodlajativo, to keep the bowels open and prevent the poisons of undigestedfood from gettinginto your system.. The latest product of science is VELVO Laxative Liver Syrup, purely vegetable, gentle,reliable and of a pleasant, aromatic taste. Velvo acts on the liver, as well as on theitomach and bowels, and is of the greatest possible efficacy in constipation, indigestion,bih'ousness, sick headache, feverishness, colic.flatulencc, etc. Try VF 1VELVOLAXATIVELIVER SYRUPSALE EXTRAORDINARY! jBesides Our RegularStock of jHigh-Class3V otxt tt :a: e: 3o" t sWe are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of th- best grade of materials, guaranteed in every particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockof marble and Tanite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.LWm. Jldams Son42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.liaaMBBIlBoth PhonesjHugged Wifev too Hard.Jay Harr Jordan, a telegraph operator, was fined $200 Friday in KansasCity for hugging his wife so hard as tobreak twoof her ribs. Jordan was atrested on complaint of his wife, whotold a policeman that her husband wascruel to her."We have been married just amonth," Jordan told in court. "A fortnight ago I tried to kiss my wife. Igrasped her firmly to give her onegood kiss. She tried to squirm away,and in the squirming cracked two ribs."A week ago she heard a girl say Iwas a nice looking man. That was thebeginning of our quarrels, which end(-dwith my wife calling the officers lastnight. Now she claims :that I brokeher ribs on "purpose." After hearingthe wife's side of the story he was rined $200.IGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHBALHER. !BOTH'PHOXES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Catarrh Caamte C uredwith LOCAL APPLICATIONS asthey cannot reach the seat of thedisease. Catarrh is a blood or unconstitutional disease, and in order tocure it you must take ihternal remedies. Hall's Catarrh Cure is takeninternally, and acts directly on theblood and mucous surfaces. Hall'sCatarrh Cure is not a auack medicine.It was prescribed by one of the bestpnysicians in tins country for yearsand is a regular prescription. It iscomposed of the best tonics known,combined with the best blood purifiers, acting directly on the mucoussurfaces. The perfect combinationof the two ingredients is what produces such wonderful results in curing Catarrh. Send for testimonialstree.F.J. CHENEY & CO,, Props.,Toledo, O.Sold by all druggists, price 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Expentlve Publication.JThe most expensive publication InNew York, with the least income. Isthe City Record, which costs yearly$1,180,000.The Secret of YouthDo you ever wonder how you can remain youtfg,. ofwhy other women older than you, look younger than you do?The secret can be put in a few words: . "Preserveyour health, and you will preserve your youth.'By "health" we mean not alone physical health, butnerve health, as, sometimes, magnificently strong-lookingwomen are nervous wrecks.But whether you are weak physically or nervously,'you need a tonic, and the best tonic for you is Cardui.It builds strength for the physical and nervous systems.It helps put flesh on your bones and vitality into your nerves.m CARDUITrue Wisdom.I believe hi trusting a man when Ihave got a iii&ti I can trust.A Girl''s !(.A girl's Idea of a trousseau Is tohave enough clothes to wear withoutbuying anything new for tit leastthree weeks.OUGHT TO KNOW'J46The Woman's Tonic"My mother," writes Mrs. Z. L. Adcock, of Smithvflle, Tenn., "is 44 years old and is passing through thechange of life."She was irregular and bloated and suffered terribly.My father stepped over to the store and got her a bottleof Cardui, which she took according to directions and nowshe is up, able to do her housework and says she feelsfifce t ntw woman." Try Cardui in your owncase.. UaWMffctfr fpt. dtaiwof Medici XX 3wot. Teihi SlrfJufittm. Mill pm fcmfr. "HttTwtfwf fcrWof.qfct.mam W VJ? vnw.. AM.mA my mm wrm&V&"Truth, crushed to eartk, shallriie again.' ""Well, you're thrown it dowm tlmwVMiouga to know."Farmer Bphraim Brown perchedupon the rail fence of his horse pasture and hewailed the two great sorrows of his life. In the distance,plodding leisurely down the lane, attached to a rope fceld by Squire Jefferson Ramsey, was a cow that gaveunbelievable quantities of the richestcreamiest milk. Brown longed andyearned for her as a man longs andyearns but once in life.The other- crowning sorrow of hislife stood nearer. It was the sorrel-filly he had .bought the week beforefrom Elder Hezekiah Tilford. Shelooked like a winner all through. Buton each occasion as Farmer Brownhad hitched her to a vehicle she hadkicked the dashboard into the nextmagisterial district.Squire Ramsey had the famous Jersey at the end of an extraordinarilylong rope and he walked so carefullyand skittishly that Farmer Brownwondered."Mornin", Ephiaim," saluted theowner of the cow. "Are you as plumset on my Jersey as you useter be?"Farmer Brown thoughtfully combedout his potnarchal whiskers. "Oh, Iduuno," he said, noncommittally.The Jersey cavorted around andSquire Ramsey cried out with unnecessary vigor. "Sough sough there,I say!" As the cow quited he lookedshamefacedly at his neighbor. "Betsey'lowed as how we had too many cowcritters," he explained. "Thought youmight want to swap somethin' orother."Farmer Brown strove to conceal hiswild joy. He spat leisurely at thegrazing sorrel and plaited his sheiklike beard. "I got a might good hossthere," he observed.Squire Ramsey proceeded to examine the grazing sorrel. As hepassed behind the animal FarmerBrown cried out. "Stop, you dingdumbed fool! Don't go back there!"Then as the squire showed his surprise Farmer Brown made a diversion."Let's have a look at the Jersey."He began to pat and poke the sleekcow; the cow fidgeted about andSquire Ramsey went suddenly white.".Turn pin jackrabbits!" he cried. "Letthat cow alone! Sough, Dolly, soughnow sough ! "With both owners somewhat suspicious, yet eager, the trade was quickly consummated and farmer Brown,suldenly generous and with a twinklein his eye, offered the loan of abuckboard."I'll let you hitch her up, squire,"he said, "but you'd better sit in theback end, 'cause that's the kickingesthoss in Jasper county.""All right Ephrlam," retortedSquire Ramsey, with a grin, "andyou'd better handle that 'ere Jerseywith mitts, 'cause she's done swallowed six sticks of dysamite.""Great worm-eaten hoss collars!"cried Farmer Brown.The squire, still grinning, clambored into the buckboaid. Instantlythe sorrel mare released her hindfeet as if shot from a catapult, hurling the dashboard into the cloverfield. The sorrel began to back andplunge about."Rustling fodder stacks!" cried thesquire in terror. "Keep that volcanoof a horse away from that cow." Hewas too lete. With a final triumphanteffort, the sorrel plumped her hindfeet into the fat sides of the blue ribbon wonder. There was a roar, apuff and a soft thud and splatter.Farmer Brown, hurled backwardagainst Squire Ramsey, looked invain for his newfound cow. Half amile uown the lane the wonderfulkicking sorrel sped madly, the ruinsof the buckboard strewn along theline of flight.Hjl Cold Romance."I was driving across the countryin Pennsylvania one winter's dayyears ago," said the man from Boston, "when a blizzard came up. Iought to have put up at a farmmouse,lii-Jf P'M&ifjL 8lnS unl Jt grewdark, Snd then came upon a youngwoman who had met with an accident. One runner of her sleigh hadbroken down and her horse had giveout completely." - -"And of course, you went to thdrescue?' was asked."I could do no different. We wereboth all bundled up and we had littleto say. I turned her horse loose,piled the sleigh to one side anddrove on. Within a mile we ran Into a big drift and were stuck. Thegirl didn't know where we were anymore than i did. It was snowing boone couldn't see five feet I blanketed the horse, gave the girl all therobes and my big ulster to boot, andtiien began to tramp up and down toke'ep from perishing. I have alwaysthought it wag a gallant and considerate action on ry part."-"And the girl tt you do this?""She did. That was the long nightof my life. It was years and years.I had my ears' and' toes and heelsfrost-bitten. My heols itch to thiaday. Morning came at last" and theblizzard ceased.""And then what?""Then two things happened. Onrvas the discovery of a farmhouse notten rods away and the other was tha .the girl had no sooner emerged fromthe robes where she had nestlec.warmly all night, than she gave moa wild look and exclaimed:" 'Oh, Lord, but what an awfullyhomely young man!""An then?""And then she fled into the farrrhouse and I purrued my journey. M."cold romance ws ended."Tacher "Where do the sponge's"one from?"Bright pupil "From-the noble fasUte Europe.?Wants to Help Some One.For thirty years J. F. Boyyer ofFertile,Mo.,needed help and couldn'tfind it. That's why he wants to helpsomeone now. Suffering so long himself he feels for all distress from backache, nervousness, loss of appetite,lassitude and kidney disorders. Heshows that Electric Bitters workVonders for such troubles. "Five bottles," he writes, "wholly cured meand now I am well and hearty."It's also positively guaranteed forliver trouble, dyspepsia, blood disorders, female complaints and malaria. Try them. 5Uc at Oberdorfer's.Rule of Contrary."Ma. you send me to bed when I amnot sleepy and make me get up whenI am sleepy!" complained little Tommy. Red Hen.RARE CHANCE!Big Pay for SolicitorsiBanks On Sure Thing Now."I'll never be without Dr. King'sNew Life Pills again," writes A.Schingeck, 647 Elm street, Buffalo,N. Y. "They cured me of chronicconstipation when all others failed."Uneaualed for hilinnsnps lannrHnaindigestion, headache, chills, malariaand debilitv. 25c at Ohorfinvfa ISelf-Advertising.You must make the most of yourself. You must yell to the worldthrough a megaphone that you can dowhat no one else can do.LET US BEYOUR SOLICITOROur Printing Will HELPYOUR TRADEEvery Kind of Commercial,Law and Social Printing InUp to Date Styles .-. .-. ..TO hen In ffeed of JobtuorK,Call at ThU Offic9Special WinterTourist TicketsTHE CINCINNATI WEEKLYENQUIRER is offering Five Thousand Dollars in cash premiums tosolicitors, in addition to a liberalcommission that is more than ampleto pay one's expenses, besides affording-a living profit, while engaged in the work of soliciting subscriptions. THE WEEKLY ENQUIRERis now a twenty-four page magazinestyle paper, chuck full of readingmost acceptable to any well-orderedhome. Each issue contains a ser- (inon by Pastor Russell, an essa'y byDr. Madison C. Peters, a serial andshort stories, natural history, general news and special record oi political and national affairs that areof interest to all people, cut patternsfor ladies and youths, and miscellaneous, matter all of high moral influence; also market reports from allcommercial centers, and veterinarycolumns.The editor's aim being to presentthe reader with an exceptionallygood family journal of superiormerit, free from all matters that antagonize morality, justice and truth.To circulate such a paper, allwell-meaning persons can benefittheir community and add their mitein the uplifting of civic and politicalthought and action.Any person, lady or gentleman,with leisurehours, desirous of doinga good turn for the community, atthe same time earningf airpayment,should apply at once for particularsby writing to THE ENQUIRER,Cincinnati, O.DISSOLUTION NOTICE.The firm of Kenney & Dudley hasbeen mutually dissolved. Dr. W. K.Dudley will occupy the old offices at51U Main street and Dr. Wm. Kenneywill occupy the office rooms at 514Alain street. All persons knowing;themselves indebted to Raid firm willplease call and settle at once.WM. KENNEY.116t W. K. DUDLEY.VIAimnEOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tenneibee andTexas,Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thtrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Jlnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phone 66tProfessional CardsHarry E. Mathers,Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest j also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, &c, callon writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.FOR RENT.PENTIST,tOpposite Prank & Co.-JrDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j : ?) Home 136.residence j HomeTwc story brick residence with ninerooms, halls, porches, pantry and allnecessary outbuildings. Good location. Apply toDENIS DUNDON.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bid's.Paris, .... KentuckyJ J. WIIiliTAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW-2oom 1 Elks Buildinar.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSOIS SALE DASL.YVIAGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31. Itll.Nl FILL PARTICULARS; CALL-ON ANY ACOfT QUEEN & CK9KNT MIL" -. OK WRITEH. C KINO, PuMafw- ami Tide Agmt. 191 E. Mate SL. LEXINGTON, KY.r fi tI';.:"-1"1 1..'Jl.0fmmmmmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 3,-1911.hfl:LDIES AFTER L0N6 ILLNESSMiss Nellie Shea Passes Away atHer Home in Millersburg,After Three Years'Sickness.VICTIM OF TUBERCULOSIS.Funeral Held in Paris MondayList of Burials and OtherNews in Millersburg.Miss Nellie Shea, aged 25 years,diejl Saturday morning at 2:45 o'clockafter a protracted illness of nearly 4years of tuberculosis. For 3 years shewas day operator of the BourbonHome Telepnone Co., faithful in thedsirharge of her duty and a favoritewith all the subscribers. She was atbright and attractive lady with apleasant word and a sweet smile foreveryone.In August of 1907 she went into adecline and was compelled to give upher duties, since then she has foughtbrav ly, this most dreaded of all diseases. Adhering a'most strictly to theopen air treatment she unquestionablyprolonged her life far beyond what itwould have been. By nature she wasstronz and fiv years ago she lookedthe oicture of heal h. Contsant, hardw ij k en tie swithboard and a severecold in the spring of 1907 was the beginning of this sad story, however, forthe greatest part of more than threeyears she has been a comfortable invalid and at one time it looked as thoughshe might be able to master the disease. In tie summers of 1908-9 she wouldspe d almost the entire day out ofdoor3. She loked healthy and gainedrapidly in weight. Since last Augustshe hss gone gradually into a declineand since eaTly in Septebmer has beenstrictly confined to her bed. Duringfach of the Christmas holidays sincehe. illnes3 she has been well remembered by a multitude of friends.Se was one of our most popualr girlsan I her protracted illness has createda profound sympathy for both she andher family. Since Tuesday she hasbeen c mscious only at int. vals, talking at random. Fridav afternoonabout 5 o'clock she became speechlessand frra that time on until deathcalimed her as his precious victim sherREDUCTIONOn All Holiday Shoes and Slippers This Week.For quick Clearance we havedecided to reduce the prices onour entire line of Men's, Misses'and Children's House Slippers.iAs most of our cheaper grades are sold we willnow offer you the higher grades at almost the sameprices you paid for inferior prades.Of course the sizes are broken so you will do wellto come early and get first choice.We wish you one and all a happy and prosperousNew Year.DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNjMMMBMMHBBaMHBBiaaHBMfHBMitiaaBMflBaBMHHMMHBBawas practically dying. She was theyoungest daughter if Mis. RussellMitchell, formerly Mts. Shea, and issurvived by ona brother, John Snea,of Paris, and one sister, Mrs. L. T.Vimont, of this place. The funeraltook place Monday morning at theCatholic (hurch in Paris. Burial inCatholic cmetery.Following is a list of interments inMillersburg cemetery for the year1910:Jai.uary 12 Infant, John'Leer, Millersburg. January 17 William T. Butler, Milleisburg. February 4 Mrs. Lou F. Conway,Millersburg.February 14 Samuel cj. Insko,Nicholas county.February 21 Mason Talbott, Paris.March 1 Layson L. Gilan, Bourboncounty.March 24 John W. Shannon, Cynthi-ana." March 26 Mrs. Bettie G. Bowden,Winchester.March 26-Infant W. A. Gardner,Millersburg.March 29 Mrs. Lula Allen, Millersburg. March 29 Mrs. Licia holladay. Lexington March 30 Mrs. Eatherine Layson,Bourbon county.March 31 Miss Sue A. Orump, Bourbon county.April 17 William Nenn Clark, Millersburg. May 1 John W. Letton, Bourbuncounty.May 19 Chas. A. Miller, Cincinnati,O.June 2 N. C. Ball, Nicholas county.June 8 Mrs. Fannie Whaley Collier,Lincoln county.June 13 Jesse W. Mitchell, Bourboncounty.June 20 Jas. A. Dickson, Paris.June 26 Alexnadpr Talbott, Paris.June 29 Daviu Golden, Stanford.August 11 Mis. Mattie Collins,Paris.Augst 14 Infant Jas. Howard,Nicholas county.August 20 Miss Ella F. Fleming,Millersburg.I September 6 Miss Mary F. Stitt,I Mason county.1 October 18 E. L. Conway, Nicholascounty.I October 28 Mrs. JFannie C. Wood,Kansas City, Mo., October 30 W. O. Wilson, Nicholascounty.December 14 Miss Mary F. Bedford, Lexington.December 17 Mrs. Sarah F. Boots,Bourbon county.1 December 23 Mrs. Lizzie C. Boots,Nicholas county.JSWEEPINGMiss Mary McDaniel is out after anattack of la grippe.Mr. .1. H. Linville is able to be outof the house somer'Mr. B. A. Neal visited relativesin Winchester Wednesday night.Don't fail to see our relic window.AARON McCONNELL.Z Mrs. H. H. Jones and Mr. D. P.Jones are confined to their homes withlagrippe.a large number ot our young menattended the Christmas hop at Mayslick Monday night.Mrs. D. M. Hurst spent from Saturday until Monday with her brother,Dr. Cash and family at Carlisle.Dr. W. M. Miller was called to thebedside of Mrs. J. H. Stewart Saturday at Carlisle, who is critically ill.Messrs. R. M. Johnson and H. M.Campbell spent from Saturday tillMonday with lady friends in Flemimzsburg. Mr. Alex Hawes, of Chicago, 111.,arrived Saturday to spend a few dayswith his grandmother, Mrs. AmericaButler.Mr. and Mrs. Thomas McClintockand daughter spent Friday and Saturday with Mr. W. G. McClintock andfamily in Paris.Mr. Claude Daily was granted aleave of absence of ten days by the L.& N. Railroad Company, beginningChristmas eve. He spent apart ofthe time in Cincinnati.Miss M. B. Clark, accompanied byMiss Mabel Mann, of Carlisle, leftSatruday for a few days' visit tofriends at Richmond Miss Mann spentFriday with Miss Clark.Misses Mattie end Lucia Butler entertained 'Saturday evening from J8till 12 with an Old and New Yearparty.Marriage License.A marriage license was issued yesterday, by County Clerk Paton to Mr.JamesR. Clough and Miss Susie F.Smith.LOST.Between Rose's livery stable onPleasant street and the James E. Clayfarmn the Winchester pike, a blackleather purse, containing $7 in money,fingernail file, buffer and pair of yarngloves. Finder please leave at thisoffice and receive reward.ISacred Service at ChristanChurch.On Sunday 'night at the Christianchurch after the opening devotionalexercises Elder Morgan omitted the3ermon and afcer a few introductoryremarks the evening was devoted tothe rendition of one of the most beautiful sacred cantatas ever written,"The Angelic Choir,"Under the difcetion of the choirh-ter, Mr. Albeit H. Morehead, thechoir did excellent work and showedihe result of splendid training andfaithful practice.The first number, "Hark, WhatMuic Fill3 the Sky," was arrangedfor women's chorus, solo and mixedchorus, and was well sung. Nextcame "There Came Three Kings,"sung by Mr. Chas. Hill and a malequartet consisting of Messrs. Morehead, Bernaugh, Lancaster and Clark,was so exquisite tnat the congregation would have been glad to have itrepeated. The recitative "And ThereWere Three Shepherds," was sungby Mr. Hill, whose fine voice washeard to great advantage in this work.The chorus, "Good Tidings of GreatJoy," was followed by a recitative,sung by Mrs. J. W. Longan. Mrs.Longan sung this as well as a solowith chorus later in the cantata inmost musicianly style and she wasshowered with compliments on her finesinging.One of the finest parts ot the cantata was the chorus "Bethlehem,"which was sung with delicacy andprecusr in by the choir.Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland was thesoprano soloist of the evening andespecially pleasing was her interpretation of Mary's Manger Song, "Sleep,My Little Jesus."Unfortunately the male quartette" Allmy Heart, this Night Rejoices," hadto be omitted andthe poem was exquisitely read by Wilder Morgan.The closing chorus, "Hail to theLord's Annointed," was most brilliantly sung and was a fitting close of anevening's deotional song service.The distribution of papers, on whichthe words of the cantata were presented, added greatly to the enjoyment.The cantata was followed by a shortbaptismal service.DEATHS.The remains of the late JamesEustin Spears, who died at his homein Kansas City, Mo., and who was anative of Bourbon county, and tormany years was a prominent dry goodsmerchant of Paris, was laid to rest inthe family burial lot in the Pariscemetery.The body arrived here on the 6:15 p.m. Louisville & Nashville train Thursday and was taken to the undertakingostabhshment of J. T. Hinton on Mainstreet. Friday morning the casketwas opened that many friends andrelatives might view the featurps ofthe dead man, who was once pron'nent in the business and 30cial lite ui'the city and county.The funeral cortege left the undertaking establishment of Mr. Hinton at10 :30 o'clock Friday morning, the funeral services taking place at the graveconducted by Dean William P. Capersof Christ Church Cathedral, Lexington. The pall-bearers were: CateshySpeais, John Spears, Lee Spears,George S. Weeks, Dr. Keller and Andrew Berry.Mr. Spears is survived by his wife,Mrs. Katie Warfield Spears, and fouri sons,, uorneiius and Henry bpears, ot1 Wyoming, and Warfield Spears andj Eastin Spears, of Lexington, onebrother, Mr. H. H. Speais of Louisville, and one sister, Mrs. DudleyTalbott, or California.The body of Mrs. A. R. Luton,who died Thursday night together withher infant child, who died abouc thesame hour, were placed in the samecasket and shipped to Cadiz, Triggcounty, for burial.Mr. John B. Goodman, agsd 5Syears, died at the home of his brother-in-law,Mr. J. H. Bell, near Hutchisonlast night after a protracted illness ofconsumptirn. The remains were tit ento Maysville on the 530 a. m L. & N.train txday for burial. Mr. Goodmanwas formerly a lesident of that city.Escaeed With His Life."Twenty-one years ago I faced anawful death," writes H. B. Martin,Port Harreison, S. C. "Doctors saidI had consumption and the dreadfulcough 1 had looked like it srreenough. I tried everything I cou.dhear of for my cough, and was underthe treatment of the best doctor inGeorgetown, S. C, for a year, butget no relief. A friend friend advised me to try Dr. King's New Discovery. I did so, and was completelycured. I feel that I owe m life tothis great throat and lung cure." Itspositively guaranteed for cough",colds and all bronchial afiections. 50cand $1.00. Trial bottle free at Oberdorfer's. Th WIm Man.The wise man is never satisfied thathe knows, but the foolish knows thatha Is satisfied. Prldeaux.Negro Killed bv Interurban Car.Great excitement was caused on aGeorgetown interubran car Sundaynight when an unkniwn negro deliberately cast himself in front of itswheels, the body being completely Vutin two by tbem. The car was crowded, returning from Georgetown, twoladies being among the passengers,and there was a near-par ic amongthem when it was learned that the carhad run down a man. The orcurancetook place at Greendale and the unidentified body was carried to Porter &Jackson's undertaking establishment.The negro got on the car at Lexington and wanted to go to Georgetown,but only had money enough to ride asfar as Greendale. He was put offthere by Conductor Caylor, and wasseen standing on the track by Motorman Sayers when the car returned toGreendale. The motorman attemptedto stop the swiftly moving, car, andapplied the emergencv brakes, seeingthe negro would be struck. Thetracks were slippery owing to the recent rain, and i'lst as the neero wasreached he was seen to throw himself 'in front of the wheels.Counties About Evenly Divided.Reports from Bath, Jessamine, Anderson, Madison. Lincoln. Clark, K.enton, Campbell. Scott, Woodford,Grant, Carter. Garrard MontgomeryOwen. Boyle, Mason, Franklin anaHenry counties were received baturaaynight and all told of the selection endelegates to the big tcbacco meetingin Lpxington except in Woodford Jessamine Franklin and Scott iwhere solittle interest was taken or there wb&suc.i a misunderstanding of dates torthe meeting that none were held.Many of the counties reporting Saturday declared in their resolutions fora cut-out of the 1911 crop ; others for apool in 1911 and a cut-out in 1912. Onecounty declared for a six-year poolwith as many cut-outs as market coi.ditions seemed to indicate.Of the counties so far reportingabout favor a 1911 cut-out with a 1912pool and the other half have declaredfora 1911 pool with a 1912 cut-out.It will be the object of the Lexingtonmeeting of January 5, to harmoizethese different views. Several counties at which meetings were held Sat-I urday sent their delegates uninstructei.Attractions at LexingtonOperaHouse.MRS. FISKE.One of the greatest triumphs instage direction that this country hasseen was scored by Mr. and Mrs.Fiske in the famous ball room scenein "Becky Sharp," when originallypresented in New York.The entire production was a startling demonstration of the realization ofa play from manuscript. Much wasexpected of the great scene depicitingthe Duchsss of Richmond's ball on theeve of the battle of Waterloo owing tothe fixed place it holds in historicalliterature, but the realty far exceedsthe expectation, but the poduction wasfound to oe filled with surprises in itsaccurracies realism and the thrillingnature of its cilmax. This scene willalways remain a stage novelty, containing as it does a most picturesqueset of costumes, a host of people, allthe glamour of a great mill tray function and that thrilling appealwhich accompanies the tense presence of in -pendingdanger. "Becky Sharp" wi:loe given for the engagement of Mrs.Fiske and the Manhattan Company atthe Lexington Opera House, Wednesday, January 4.FRANCES WILSON.The comedy scenes between FrancisWilson and Baby Davis in Mr. Wilson's own comedy, "Tne Bachelor'sBaby," are reported to be nothingshort of delicious. In his nev play,Mr. Wilson nas the role of i crustybachelor who is left the guardianshipof his brother's little daughter. Hisdisliko tor children is extreme and hedoes his best to devise some scheme toret rid of the little one. But that wauefore he saw her and before he fellcaptive to he childish charms, for thelittle one ends by twisting him completely around hei little finger andwhen one tries to take her from him,he tights lke a tiger to retain his posession. Bright lines, delightful situations, most of which are highly amusing and pathos and comedy skillfullyblendedmake "The Bachelor's Baby"one of the biggest successes in thedecaed. Charles Frohman presentsFrancis Wilson with an exceptionallystrong supporting company in "TheBachelor's Baby," at the LexingtonOprsa House, Januatry 5. Orders forseats accompanied by remittance willreceive prompt attention.m &S3gg)g&fl91 LVTW Vi 'VLM II r&x W rTLu, Y,,rSK sD vJi 'Nf wtJiJjLS I-143 w' KTV1OUR CUSTOMERSall seem well satisfied this cold weatherwith the coal we have sold them.THERE HAS BEEN NO COMPLAINTS)If regarding its heating qualities.X HOT! HOTTER!! HOTTEST!!!&j The Xind We Sell.H TEMP LI rN LUMBER CO.&:NOW OPEN !Crystal Ice Cream ParlorUnder the new management is nowready for business. A full line ofCigars, Cigarettes, Tobaccos, Fruitsand Soft Drinks may be had.Your Patronage Kindly Solicited.i B. K.New Trial ia Ttbacco Cases.In the United States Court in Covington Judge A. M. J. Cochran handeddown an opinion in the celebratednight riuer case of W. s. Hendersonagainst sundry citizens of Brackencounty, overruling the motion fur anew trial in part and sustaining it inpart.About 150 men surrounded the tobacco warehouseof Henderson in Augusta, it was claimed, and by angry talkand demonstration demanded tnat hesign a contract not to buy any moretabacco Henderson testified that theylaid hands on him and threatened tothrow him into the river if he refused.He signed. The crowd then visitedethers, it is charged, and requiredthem to sign, and forced one 'ReynoldsHook to the river's edge oefore hewould sign. Henderson received aj:... - oe nnn r. , .veruiui. xiji. u,wu against aoout adozen defendanis,all he cnuk1 identify.In the trial evidence was admittedas to the sets of the mob in forcingothers to sign 'after leaving Henderson. Judge Cochran holds that evidence was competent, but finds thatthe plaintiff tailed to prove that ailthe defendants against whom he recovered a verdict continued with themob after it left him.For that reason he orders a newtrial as to the defendants, CharlesPickerell. James Stone, Paul Gerhard, William Kurtz and Vachel Jordan, and as to all the other defendantsthe motion is overruled on conditionthat the plaintiff reduce the amountof the veidict from $6,000 to $5,000the court saying that while he did notwish to invade the province of thejury in fixing the amount of the damage, "I will feel better satisfied ifthey are somewhat less."This case was tried twice. The firstjury was composed in part of membersof the Society of Equity, and returneda verdict of $250. Judge Cochran setaside this verdict, holding that he hadprobably erred in permitting these interrsted parties to sit on the jury.He then ordered a jury sumoned fromnon-tobacco producing counties, whichreturned the $6,000 verdict".Ask for Old John Poindexter Whisky. None better. 4tCarries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Ciadanati. Okie.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.HHttHWE SELL' AT RIGHT PRICESXLUMBER,LATHS,SHINGLES,POSTS,SASHES,DOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFTCOAL,WE AREAGENTS FORBuyAmatiteKIHQ,Roofing.Adair.(ISB1)rv'!