wTHE BOURBON NEWS.,PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND PRIDAY IN THE YEAE,VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1911,iL.HPt'mmWkemWeekys1)601(1 1iAt TheSMONDcp't Store,Thursday ; Nov. 2y$25 Tailored Suits at HalfPrice, $12.50Sale from 9 to a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE - All our millinery at great reducedprices.JkMW4S4WiSS5 teS""jx-rI One-Third Savedt By Paying Cash ! $W WStandard Granulated Sugar, 13 lbs $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per lb 12 l-2cSliced Breakfast Bacon, per lb '. 25cBreakfast Bacon by the piece 18cPicnic Hams ' 12cBlueing, 2 5c boxes 5cKaro Syrup, white, full qt 10cKaro Syrup, white or dark, half gallon 20cLenox Soap, 3 bars ? 10cLenox Soap, S bars 25cBox of 100 cakes $2.75(For one week only. None sold to dealers. )USE BLUE RIBBON FLOURAnd You Will Use the Best ForThe Least Money.Blus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75T. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,KesW.(USwDemocrats Do Your Duty.One week from today the Democratswill be called to the polls to do theirduty by the party. Let every Democrat bear in mind that (he stampunder the rooster means one vote moretoward better government in city andstate affairs.In the face of a heavy Democraticmajority in the regular registrationwhich is increasing at the specialregistration do the Republicans hopeto win? Their candidates for Councilmust depend upon a heavy Democraticvote to carry them over, but eachDemocrat that participated in the recent primary is pledged to lend hissupport to the party nominees.The only chance for the Republicansto secure a seat in the Council lies inthe Third Ward, but if the Democratswill vote as they have pledged themselves, this ward will go to the Democratic candidate.There is no necessity in scratchingthe ticket to cast a vote fur a Republican, or to give this parti a chance tocontrol the affairs of the city. UnderDemocratic rule the town has prospered and grown, and the affairs of thecity, in competent hands, are wellmanaged. Although the Republicanplatform pleiges the party to workmiracles along the line of progressiveness and good government there islittle room for improvement over thepast Democratic administrations.Let every Democrat do his duty byhimself and his party next Tuesday.Let the stamp under the rooster be astamp of disapproval of the Republican party in the city and state election, and assist in rolling up a bigmajority for the Democratic candidates.Sweet Grass Baskets.See the beautiful sweet grass baskets and novelties just received atPARIS BOOK CO.Condition Does Not Improve,The condition of Mr. Will HintonDavis, who has been removed fromDanville to a Cincinnati hospital, isnot encouraging, accoridng to information recieved by relatives here. AnX-ray examination of the portion ofhis foot which remains, revealed sucha condition that softening of the boneis feared, nnd that would necessitateanother operation hich would be thesixth since his accident early n July.Police Court.In Police Court yesterday FayetteNichols, colored, was fined $7.50 fordrunkenness.Don't Be Classed a Bolter.A week from today is the regularstate election. The Democrats neverhad a betrer chance to put the enti'itestate into the hands of good men tomanage the affairs of the people thannow. Go to the polls and put yourstamp under the rooster, play himstraight, place and to show. Don'tforget the city election as the Republicans have out a full ticket forCouncil. The city is largely Democratic and let's keep it that way, don'tscratch your ballot, vote the straightticket, even if there is some man on ityou don't like personally. Don't becalled a bolter.amm dMBMmMn .. . .fi... MWImmw i a w mnmiKs&rs&ittX&MZZ&zt'rt'i i ijmvk&mmzjmwasmw III (Hi n ' Jti 'Ml to&A3WE KNOW HOW"INTER OVERCOATSOvercoat Time Is Here And AsThey say on Wall Street, "We Are Long on Coatat a Short Price." $10, $12.50 and $15 will buyan All-Wool Overcoat cut 52 nd24 inches long,made with the Verto Collar, Single or DoubleRrfasrarl. RlfrJ Rb-e f PloJ ,,. .J J r. n, MUw Vi 1H.1U, V.UI. guuu UIU lUUyjust the kind that you want when the cold blast "ofWinter begins to blow. These coats we are'making leaders of, and if you willstopjin ourjstore'andtry a few of these coats on you will bejeonyincedof our statement. Our personal guarantee withevery coat sold. Take a look atjthe windowjjandnotice a few of the patterns which we are showingin this strong line of Overcoats,Stetson Shoes and Korrect Shape, Guaranteed PatentLeather Shoes for Men. Look us up.Mitchell & Blakemore9Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyi,,.,,,.- inn I- S "immmmmmm mm mmmf. VLW;$$$SEIEinililllIlllI!i;ilI1!inm!IIII!!i!IllIIlIIIIUII!IIIIIIIIIlIllIiUIIll!IIIII!!!IIIlll!Illl!llIllIlll!!JM!IIlI!III!l!III!IlIiniINNew Goods Arriving.Uall on Mr. W. A. Beheler, the newproprietor of the Grystatl Ice CreamParlor and get a pound of fancycandy, or a box of cigars. He is receiving new goods daily and will beable to supply you with the best goodsi obtainable, everything seasonable'will be served at his soda fountain andI his service will be up to the minute.wmSBoys Clothing!mmWe Are Showing a Large Line of Boys 5fem&sSra?vExtra-Good Suits from$2.50to$10.00in all the latest colors and styles2mWmmmkBalsam Pillows.Try one of the Balsam Pillows.31 2t PARIS BOOK CO.& IFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.We Offer For Your Inspection the Greatest and Best Line ofSUITS, CLOAKS AND SKIRTSEver Shown in Central KentuckyExtra Special10 Beautiful Tailored Suits, allScotch mixtures. Sold at 35and 40. Choice now$25zmkBoys' Hats, Caps, Shirts andBlouse Waists.SIKS$M. GIVE US A CALLPrice & Co.Clothiers.IPitefcivlllDemocrats Lead in Registration.The Democrats assumed a commanding lead in the first day of the specialregistration which is as follows:Democrats, 43 ; Repbulicans, 16 ; Independents, 1. Today will be the lastday of the special registration forthose who were ill or out of the cityon October 3, regular registration diy,to secure certificates that will entitlethem to participate in the regularelection on November 7.Shooting Over Crap' Game.As a result of a quarrel during acrap game Saturday 'night "Chick"Fields, colored, shot and seriouslywounded Raymond Brown. Fields h.snot been apprehended.Accordng to Brown the trouble aroseduring the game which was in progress in the rear of the coal chute inthe South yards of the L. & N. Fieldsis alleged to have gone to his home inClaysville where he procured a shotgun Returning he is said to havefired on Brown, the charge takingeffect in his right hip, inflicting anugly wound. Brown was taken to hishome where his wound was dressed byDr. D. B. Anderson. His condition isnot regarded as serious.McCiintock Case Decided.Yesterday at Lexington the McCiintock case was before the Court againas to the custody of their infant child,Rachel Mc Clintock ; Mr. McCiintockasking that the Court give him custody of the child for one half of thetime. A great many witnesses fromParis and Lexington were callel. Themother, Mrs. Maggie Rogers McCiintock was given custody and control ofthe child all of the time. The Cour4-directed Mrs. Mcuiintock to board inParis instead of Lexington, and gavethe defendant, McCiintock, privilegeto visit the child three hours a day, oro take it elsewhere those three hours.SUITS-At $15.00, $20.00, and $25.00These are values that mean a saving to you of from $2.50 to$10.00 on a suit.COATS-At $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00A full assortment of Black Cloth Coats and all the new largeCollar and double faced effects. Also the popular Reversible CoatsSKIRTS-At $3.98, $5.00, $7.50 up to $15.00 eachAn elegant selection of the season's most popular styles inCorduroys, Fancy Materials. Serges and Panamas.SHOES2In Velvets, Satins, Suede, Patent and Gun Metals fori Ladiesand Misses.MILLINERYComplete line of Suit Hats at popular prices.Frank & Co.. v,iParis, - - Kentuckyiiii:!!!!!En!Hiiiiiirniuiim S'siiiniiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiinuiiJiixLULiuiitiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiJiuiiuM.inutKsmTft:i.yTHE BOURBON EWS,- PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT, 31, i911viTHE BOURBON NEWSA Poor Weak WomanIRoyUl,As she is termed, will endure bravely and patientlyagonies which a strong man would give way under.The fact is women are more patient than they oughtto be under such troubles.Every wdman ought to know that she may obtainthe most experienced medical advice free of chargeand in absolute confidence and privacy by writing tothe "World's Dispensary Medical Association, R. V.jPierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y. Dr. Piercehas been chief consulting physician of the Invalids'Hotel and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo, N. Y., forBOTH 'PHONES, 124. ' NO.' 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Possorlluu as Second-class Mail Matter.BAKING-rOWDEEstablished in 188130 Years of Continuous Publicationmany years and has had a wider practical experiencein the treatment of women's diseases than any other physician in this country.His medicines arc world-famous for their astonishing efficacy.Thc most perfect remedy ever devised for weak and delicate women is Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.IT MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG,SICK WOMEN WELL.The many and varied symptoms of woman's peculiar ailments are fully selforth in Plain English in the People's Medical Adviser (1G08 pages), a newlyrevised and up-to-date Edition of which, cloth-bound, will be mailed free onreceipt of 31 one-cent stamps to pay cost of mailing only. Address as above.Absolutely PtardDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.sPublished Every Tuesday and Friday.'Kt IPm5"'wMakes Home Baking EasyNo other aid to the housewifeis so great, no other agent souseful and certain in making ,delicious, wholesome foodsThe only Baking Powdermade fromRoyal Grape Cream of TartarNo Alum Ho Lime PhosphatesALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KZerLtuLofeLV- . . ..h??3? ?S.-?5?1 S.r2r&&v ". .r....-tbouroonmDA.VIS & FUNK, Props.wSt Telephone No. 4.l BourboiDIParis,Xentucky.jfc SHSt Zi-SikZi-Itt;jiil?WriiliiffignT.M j-m.I H IL'J IB I'l'JI"SWv.?fT.kV4rV .5l3 Never Leak Never Need Repairs Fireproof Stonriproof Handsome Inexpensive Suitable for all kinds ofbuildings. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.f n irt.tr c it PiAilin knrir-nivu,l"&v Ul "MIXW HUWUUii.ji jtheII v ill sell at public auction onprca ises at 2 o'clock p. m., onThi'rcrfav Wnvpmhpr Q iQI i 'ltlLf.Cia, IXOVCmDer y, lyil,& ftam3 coft2ge on Lin avenue ; contain four tccir-s; lot 45 by 125 feet;rer.ts tor $12.50 per monthMARY WOODFORD.Hr F. JKerj-.ey, Auctioneer. 3will not be yours unless youhav. a parlor stove as artistican ;.t is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettlness costs nothing cither.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.9999&9'9'3?:- $LaunarygOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased vrh ourlaundry work r "oi n-Z ofcourse. Svht.MitK.rir thoroughpainsttilci njr hi vu i-i.abit-s uato get ynr Id.nr dry out theday w3 ir.ni!- it m-A itsquali" i na unfjed. Giveus a U'Ul order You'll no'tre; rut. it,wLaundry,hISSuccess Apt to Dazzle.There's a glare about success whichls apt to azzje mens eyes When wesee a man rising in the world, a fool-ish high opinion is formed of his mer-its. It is said. "What a wonderfulmrG tMs must be to rise so rapidly!"forgetting that straw, dust, and feath-ers things without value or weightrise the soonest and easiest. It isnof always the great and good manwho rises rapidly into wealth andnotice.ONE YEAR,$2.00. Payable inTrying to Fool the TobaccoPeople.When Judge O'Rear gets into one ofthe tobacco counties he drops everyother subject, and begins to shed tearsover the wrongs of the tobacco growers. He dwells upon their oppressions,and denounces the wickedness of thetobacco trust, and promises that if heis elected Governor he will force theprice of tobacco up to twelve cents,and makes many other pledges equallyimpossible of performance. One of hisboldest statements is that if the tobacco trust does not pay the tobaccogrowers as much aa twelve cents fortheir tobacco, that he knows a way tomake them do.it, and that if they refuse, he proposes to drive the' trustout of the state and not permit themto do any business here.Judge O'Rear claims to be the onlyfriend that the tobacco growers haveand that they can rely on him, andhim alone, to lead them out of thewilderness of low prices and bad crops.It is not possible that any intelligenttobacco growei can be influenced byany such demagogical appeals. Theyproceed from the inherent- selfishnessof the candidate who is badly in needof votes, and he proposes to get themit gilt-edged promises will do anygood.Kentucky-is practically unanimousin its opposition to the oppression thetobacco trust has palced on the farmers of this state. Everybody denouncesas little short of criminal the combination that will depress prices andoppress the hardest worked people onearth, to put more money into offersalready bursting with riches. Everybody is gareed that tobacco prices inKentucky have been too low, and ithas been the concern of every fairminded man to help bring this price toa level where th farmer can be. paida generous sum for his labors. So ,faras it has been possible a DemocraticLegislature has answered every request of the tobacco growers by puttirg remedial Legislation on the Statute boot.Governor McCreary has always beena friend of the tobacco people. Hehas helped them in the past, and hestands ready to do so in every possibleway. If he is elected he will enforcethe law against those who violate theStatute preventing a trust or combination to control prices, and will lend ahelping hand to those who have suffered in the past from the criminal oppression of the trusts.If Judge O'Rear knows any way tocompel the tobacco trust to paytwelve cents for tobacco, he ought tocommunicate his secret to the Attorney General of the State who is a Republican, and to Governor Willsonwho is likewise a Republican, and letthem put the machinery of the law into operation, so tnat the guilty will bepunished, and the innocent will comeinto their reward. tIf the present Republican administration cannot be trusted withO'Rear's secret, how can the peopleaffrod to trust O'Rear and !his associates to do what his party has presistently refused to do6 grant relief tothe sorely burdened tobacco growers.The truth is O'Rear is no more sincere on the tobacco question than heis on any of the many issues he hastried to drag into this campaign. Hethinks he has found a cheap way togt votes, but the sensible tobaccomen of the State will inspect that Trcjan horse before they welcome him into th:ir confidences.The Difference.The hen never drinks without looking up, whereas when men drink theycan't look up. St. Paul Dispatch.M:Creaiy's EHecfive Cafnpaign.Governor McUreary is closing themost remarkable campaign in his longpublic career. He has not given hisRepublican opponent a moment's rest,but has mercilessly arraigned him andhis party until they have been on thedefenisve from the very beginning.Govrenor McCreary will end this cortest in full mental and bodily vigorand will give the State such a progressive adimnistration that the Democracy will not be out of power again intwenty years.$1.00Reforms Begin at Home.There is no doubt tnat ex-SenatorJack Oliver, who is the Republicancandidate for Secretary of State, feelsjust as bitter as Judge O'Rear does onthe subject of railroad passes. He isa great friend of the Constitutionsleeps with it under his pillow atnight, and grieves when its provisionsare neglected by the Legislature"-Intne meantime, however, Senator Jackblithely travels all over the State onrailroad passes, and as .he has mademany trips with Judge O'Rear. thatditsinguished jurist must have personal information on the subject. Whydoes not Judge O'Rear begin his reforms at home and convince the members of his own family and his fellowcandidates, that they should not engage in the discreditable practice ofriding on railroad passes.Louisville RepublicansPieces.Shot toThe Louisville Republicans are splitnto fragments. They first refused tonominate a ticket for the GeneralCouncil hoping thereby to gain a fewDemocratic votes. The independentRepublicans then put a ticket in thefield, and at the last moment the Republican County Committee nominateda full ticket to head off the insurgents.Many of those thus named never heardof it until they saw their names in thepapers. They are resigning soTapidiythat it is impossHjleJto fill thier places.tilo luc nauj ejose. Lionaitionsini-ouisviiie are so bad thatflnJudgej near must cancel otherengage-ments in .the Statand will soeakthere in the hopeof arousincr seemencnusiasm among his followers. TheDemocrats will carry Louisville by atleast three thousand, and it may reachfive thousand.The Greatest Danger.There is only . one danger that theDemocrats face and that is over confidence. To make Democratic successcertain it is absolutely necessary thatthe vote should be gotten out. Everycuunty chairman and every precinctcommitteeman is giving his personaltime to this important work, and theyshould be aided by the individual Democrats. Take your neighbor to thepolls with you, and there will be .nodobut that the Democrats will win aglorious victory. If only five Democrats in every precinct in the State lemain away from the pulls it will meana difference of over ten thousandvotes. Republicans are active and det'nnined, and are making desperateefforts to poll every vote. Vote earlyand urge all your friends to do likewise. The First Thimble. 'The thimble of plain sewing wasinvented in the year 1684 by a gallantyoung Dutch goldsmith of Amsterdam,who devised the "thumb-bell" forthis was its original name in orderlo protect his sweetheart's thumb topswhen she was engaged with a needleand cotton. The "thumb bell" has,however, become a "finger-bell," but inshape only little change has takenplace in it since the loving Hansplaced the first thimble on the thumbof this lady love.Saved His Mother's Life.'Four doctors had given me up.''writes Mrs. Laura Gaines, of Avoca,La., "and my children and all myfriends were looking for me to die,when my son insisted that I use Electric Bitters. I did so and they havedone me a world of good. I will always prise them." Electric Bitter3is a priceless blessing to women troubled with fainting and dizzy spells,backache, headache, weakness, debility, constipation or kidney disorders. Use them and gain new healthstrength and vigor! They're guaranteed to satisfy or money rerunded.Only 50c at Oberdorfer's.How He Voted.At a church court a pastor had tovote on a delicate question. Eitherway would estrange some of his flock.So he voted "non liquit,!' which isequivalent to asking to "be excused.The next day a country delegate wasasked how this pastor had voted onthe vexed question. He -said: "Theman did not seem pleased. In fact,he voted that he did not like it."SIX MONTHSAdvanceGEO. W.I FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONESCJiTII2SSSCssSZS:3SSS!Caa9eS3S'iS3The Best is noneBuyEttffiTnaland make the Woincn happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.0&3S(K2Xfe2'Sg3SS2S3fcS2yEast Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOHPOHATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour- .bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North gMiddletow.1, Little7 RockRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WLLtiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney.PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main. Street.E. T. 136.Home 136.Office PhonesResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up StairsjOverVarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestR. A. B KELIiER,Practicing Physician,OfficesJRooms 4 and o, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers alvays ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.. A. KAHAL.BloodineCuresE. A. Cross, 516 GlasgowStreet. Portsmouth, va.Cover. Mir XUlfo.Rheumatism Has used Bloodine forRheumatism with the mostgratifying results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds It givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used itmyself and find it has done me a lot of good."DAVISDAT 137; NIGHT 399.too good for you.anyouFrnit and Shade Trees.Shvubp,AsaragU3, Rhabarb,Peoniea,Rcses. Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard, Lawn and Garden. No agents.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue.H. t? KILLENMEYER & SONS.3 oct 2m Lexnigton, KyFOR RENT.New cotrage cf five rocms on EastMain street.MRS. EuIZABETH C. ROGERS.WHY OWNWebsteiSNewInternationalDictionaryTHE MERRIAM WEBSTER?Because " a NE" cbea--i TlOli, covering everyfield of the world's thought,action and culture. 'The onlynew unabridged dictionary inmany years. wBecause ' defines over 400,000. Words; more than everbefore appeared between twocovers. 2700 Pages. 6000 Illustrations. w-Because Z3 &Qonly dictionaryi with the new dividedpage.A "Stroke of Genius."Because ifc .s an encyclopedia inBecause 1S acepted by theCourts, Schools andPress as the one supreme authority. ,Rpranca ne who knows WinsSuccess. Let us tellyon aoout this new work.WaiTE Ur sjweiaea rf sew divided page.G.& CMERRIAM CO., PA&km,SKafieW.lU.wkiVV . T. Brooks, Agenfc.'THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, KENTUCKY OCT. 3 19117II1UIATI8ICured by the Marvel of theCentury, S. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure tiotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheJmedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S-mp.Drnt free by writing Blood,n d Atlanta, Ga. Describey iu rrcuk'c "nd free medical advicegl ,vn. 21:1 Ly Varden & Son.Bloodine Cures Strains, BruisRheumatic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atic pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostI xiuca, ouic xxuudu, vuiusy, iruupfE Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.W. T. Brooks, Agent.ITHE PARISI QvicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.IFOR RENT." A house on 'Twelfth street, adjoining Reform parsonage and residencecf N. Kriener. containing three rooms,dining room and kitchen. Has backporch, veranda 'in front. Large, yardand garden. Cistern at door. Apply toGEO. W. JUDY.FOR SALE,A lot of second-hand lumber for salecheap.THE FAIR.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anjTstage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT PREK.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood aim.) All sj mpthoms healquick! y. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and. itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for hoi.ie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Announcement,I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalontractingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the nasfctwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call uo Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERnr nASIA,UOThe Untamed-Chites of Tibet Areidolaters and Cannibals.MURDER IN THEIR RELIGION.At Their Wild Ceremonies the Priestsof These Barbarians Offer Up Human Sacrifices to Their Grotesqueand Repulsive Stone Gods.A religious festival by a savage tribeof Asia, in which occurred a humansacrifice and the burning of the victimon a funeral pyre, is described by "William Jameson Reid in his book, "Unexplored Asia." The rites were held in aplace called Chite City, Tzuchan,which was reached after a hazardousjourney through the Ping mountains.He says:"Let me give a brief history of thisstrange race, who for centuries havedefied the most persistent research ofexplorers and ethnologists. Many centuries ago, in the vicinity of Shanghai,there lived a highly enlightened raceknowu as the Chites. They were themost fanatical and bigoted Buddhists,so fanatical, in fact, that their turbulent spirits and eager desire to sow theseed of proselytism caused frequentrevolutionary disturbances. The government, as its only means of salvation, made war on them. For years theChites battled against overwhelmingodds until at last, their numbers fearfully reduced, they gradually retired tothe west, settling here and there, onlyto be again driven back. After yearsof wanderings they located in the wildmountain region of northwestern Tibet."For untold centuries they have heldentirely aloof from their more civilizedChinese neighbors, and today they areas untamed and barbarous as weretheir fierce ancestors. Many of themare savages of the worst degree; evencannibalism is said to be prevalentamong many of them. They acknowledge no allegiance to the emperor, entirely ignore the authority of the mandarins and hold no communicationwith the outside world. Yet we havevisited their wild domain; we havepenetrated into their stronghold andhave witnessed their strange customs."It had been our intention to stealinto the city under cover of night, butfrom our position of vantage we couldsee that some religious demonstrationwas in progress, and we did not dareto move. For half an hour our guides(natives) crawled out on the plain andreturned with the information thatthey had discovered a considerablecave in the hillside to the left of thetown, which would screen us from observation and at the same time permitus to watch the movements of thoseinside the walls. We had just time toreach our place of concealment whenthe leaders of the procession enteredthe narrow orifice and halted whiletorches were being lit to guide theirpassages through the gathering gloom.Following them pressed the unkemptcrew, until the interior of the domeshaped cave was filled to the point ofsuffocation."For half an hour' the ear torturingstrife of discord waxed louder at everymoment until a hundred devils in human form flitted beneath the flare offlickering torches. A frenzied enthusiast would leap into the air, laceratinghimself with a knife, grasping the gorystrip of flesh and grinding it under hisheel, or taunting a neighbor into thespirit of emulation by flaunting beforehis eyes the ghastly piece of flesh. Suddenly from out the compact mass rosea howl of mingled anguish and fury,and a solitary individual mounted asort of platform and stretched forthhis hand. Evidently he was a highpriest. Instantly there was silence.The light of the torches enabled us tosee the man who had mounted the platform, lie was a tall, gaunt individual. All his right side was naked, andbis face was covered with gaping rentso. knife wounds, from which, bloodtrickled."A garment of coarse cloth coveredhis body below the waist. Soon wesaw five others follow him upon theplatform, which was of raised earth.In a recess in the wall at the rear ofthe platform one could see the distorted form of a gigantic image astony; impassive figure of such grotesque ugliness that one could not helpwondering how a race of people, however unenlightened, could bring themselves to worship an object of such repulsiveness. "At last a fearful moment was athand. An old man was seized andstretched upon a sort of stone altar,raised above the platform. He realizedhis last hour had come, and he struggled in fear and fury to escape fromthe grasp of his captors, giving ventto shriek after shriek until, exhausted,he fell into a stupor. Four of thepriests held the faintly strugglingbody, while from the gloom stalkedforth the sacrificial priest, his handholding a long knife. Once, twice,thrice he abased himself before theimape, and then, turning round like abeast ready to leap upon itsprey, herushed toward the prostrate form. Aflash of light and the keen blade sankto the hilt in the flesh of the victim."Three times did the worshipers onthe floor rise and abase themselves,and then quickly the minor priestsseized the lifeless 'body and held it inrhe air. For a moment it silhouettedagainst the fitful glare of the fire; thenthe flames leaped, forward in eagerscstasy to receive their prey."Kindness in is is the honey hatDlunts the stlnjj c nnkindutas in anDther. Landor.SAMFREE IF IT FAILS.Your Money Back if You are NotSatisfied With the MedicineWe Recommend.We are so positive that our remedywill permanently relieve constipation,no matter how chronic it may be, thatwe offer to furnish the medicine at ourexpense should it fail to produce satisfactory results.It is worse than useless to atiemptto cure constipation with catharicdrugs. Laxatives or catharics do muchharm. They cause a reaction, irritateand weaken the bowels and tend tomake constipation more chronic. . Besides their use becomes a habit that isdangerous.Constipation is caused by a weakness of the nerves and muscles of thelarge intestine or descending colon.To expect permanent relief you musttherefore tone up and strengthen theseorgans and rsstore them to heatlhieractivity.We want you to try Rexall Orderlieson our recommendation. They are exceedingly pleasant to take, beingeaten like candy, and are ideal forchildren, delicate persons and old folksas well as for the robust. They actdirectly on the nerves and fniucsles ofthe bowels. They apparently have aneutral action jon other associate organs or glands. They do nut purge,cause excessive looseness, nor createany inconvenience whatever. Theymay be taken at any time, day ornight. They will positively relievechronic or habitual constipation, if notof surgical variety, and the myriads ofasscoiate or dependent chronic ailments, if taken with regularity for areasonable length of time. 12 tablets,10 cents; 36 tablets, 25 cents; 80tablets, 50 cents. Sold in Paris onlyat cur store The Rexall Store. G. S.Varden & Son.Something All Have Noticed.The only people with whom it isa joy to sit silent, are the people withwhom it is at a joy to talk.ITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchuntil you feel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your bodyuntil it seems as if you could nolonger endure these endless days ofawful torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.I Then a few drops of D. D. D., thefamous Eczema Specific and, Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Com-i fort and rest at last!I D. D. D. is a simple external washthat cleanses and heals the inflamedskin as nothing else can. A recognisedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltKheum or any other skin trouble.I We can give you a full size bottleof the genuine D. D. D. remedy for$1.00 and if the very first bottle failito give relief it will not cost you acent.I We also can give vou a sample bot6e for 25 cents. Why suffer anotherday when you can get D. D. D.?CAUSE AND REMEDY,Uncertainty of the immediatefuture is looked upon by many menof affairs, as a blockade to enterprise and business prosperity, andthis blockade is now quite apparentthroughout the channels of trade.The Presidential Election; theefforts of Congress with no fixedpurpose; Organized Labor as a newfactor in politics; together withother matters of greater or lessimport, represent at this time achaotic conflict of separate interests, to harmonize which is now theproblem before the country.All want Prosperity, Peace andPlenty. Read with care the Cincinnati Enquirer, a journal thatprints all the news each day fromevery commercial center throughout the world. A barometer ofcauses and effects that points out,as a Beacon Light, the danger andthe safeguard therefrom.As well known, the Daily Enquirer is the largest in size andhighest priced -paper in the UnitedStates, yet cheapest, measured byquality and quantity.The Weekly Enquirer, with thecream and digest of all the news,able and conservative editorials,market reports, methods and results from Government and StateExperiment Stations, veterinarymatters, People's Forum, choiceliterature, short and continued stories, non-sectarian sermons, generalinformation, etc., with the exclusionof all matters of scandal and immorality, is today the CleanestWeekly Family Journal obtainable.Each issue is alone worth the priceof a year's subscription.Solicitors for subscriptions makea handsome profit and increase thegood influence of The 'Enquirer inthe uplift of morality and industry,and for the betterment and welfare'of the community. - For terms writeto The En'quirer, Cincinnati? Ohio.SPECTER SHIPS.J-egends of Shadowy Craft of ihe NewEngland Coast.The coast of New England has numerous legends concerning specterships firmly helieved by the niggedfishermen, who assert stoutly that onvarious occasions glimpses of theshadowy craft have been seen, followed invariably by fatal disaster.The specter of the Palentine is occasionally seen on Long Island soundand is the forerunner of a gale ofwind. She was a Dutch trading vessel and was wrecked off Block islandin 1752. The wreckers, it is said, madeshort work of her, stripping her foreand aft and setting fire fo the hull.As she drifted blazing off the coast ahuman form was visible amid theflames, the form of a female passenger, left to perish on the doomedcraft. Since and generally upon theanniversary of the wreck a phantomship with blazing hull, charred sparsand scorched sails and rigging hasbeen seen cruising ojf Block island.Whit tier recorded th legend ingraceful verse as well as that of aghostly' cruiser that sailed from aNew England port of her last voyage,which he termed "The Dead Ship ofSalem." In the seventeenth century aship was about to sail from Salem toEngland. Her cargo was on board,sails bent and passengers on deck,when two passengers came hurriedlyoff and engaged passage. The couplewere a young man and a young woman, who, so tradition records, wereremarkable for their bearing and beauty. Who they were or whence they cameno one in Salem town could tell. Theship being detained by adverse winds,the mysterious couple excited the suspicions of the townspeople, who viewed them as uncanny and prophesieddisaster to the vessel if allowed to sailin her. But the master, a bluff andstern sailor, refused to listen and finally departed on a Friday.The vessel never reached her destination and was never spoken, but laterin the year incoming vessels reportedsighting a craft with luminous riggingand sails and shining hull and spars.She was sailing with all canvas setagainst the wind, with a crew of deadmen standing in the shrouds and leaning over the rail, while upon the quarterdeck stood a young and beautifulcouple. New York Herald.MAKING UMBRELLAS.The Work of Assembling the Framesand Putting on Covers.In most umbrella factories the taskof turning out ribs and stems is left toother factories making a specialty ofthose parts. These are sent to themanufacturer, and the man whosework it is to assemble the parts inserts a bit of wire into the small holesat the end of the ribs, draws them together about the main rod and adjuststhe ferrule.In cutting the cloth or silk seventyfive thicknesses or thereabouts are arranged upon a table at which skilledoperators work. In one departmentthere are girls who operate hemmingmachines. A thousand yards of hemmed goods is a day's work for one ofthese girls. The machines doing thisjob attain a speed of some 3,000 revolutions a minute. After the hemminghas been done the cloth or silk is cutinto triangular pieces with a knife, asbefore, but with a pattern laid uponthe cloth. The next operation is thesewing of the triangular pieces together by machinery.The covers and frames are nowready to be brought together. In allthere are twenty-one places where thecover is to be attached to the frame.The handle is next glued on, and theumbrella is ready for pressing and inspection. By far the greater number of umbrellas today are equipped with wooden handles. A large variety of materials may, however, be used. Gold andsilver quite naturally enter into theconstruction of the more expensivegrades of umbrellas.A wooden handle may be quite expensive, though, by reason of the woodused. Harper's Weekly.The Turning of the Worm."I guess it's true that the wormturned," growled the farmer boy tohimself as he wearily twisted thehandle of the grindstone round andround. "I've read it in the ThirdReader at school, an' I've heard it saidtime an' again. I don't know whetherhe turned over in bod, or turned somedifferent color, or turned out badly, orhow the dingnation he turned, butwhat I'm here to say is that if theworm turned the grindstone when hedidn't have to he was a dum fool!There!" Success Magazine.On Schedule Time.A young member of a certain familyhad the measles, and the family wasquarantined. One of the little girlsspoke from an open window to aneighbor inquiring into the state ofher health:"No, 'm," she said, "I haven't got'em yet, but I expect to have 'em dayafter tomorrow." Lippincott's.A Bad Boy.Bertie I don't want to go to bed yet,sis. I want to see you and Mr. Shepherd play cards. Lucie You wickedboy, to think we should do such athing! TVe never do it! Bertie But Iheard mamma tell you to mind howyou played your cards when Mr. Shepherd came.A Smile.A smile betrays a kind heart, a pleasant friend, an affectionate brother, adutiful sou. a happy husband. It addsa charm to beauty, and it beautified theface of the defont-d. vGave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles," writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, Irom Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faintI could not walk at all, and I had an awful hurting in myside ; also a headache and a backache.I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so, I began, and the first bottlehelped me. By the time the third bottle was used, I coulddo all my work. All the people around here said I woulddie, but Cardui relieved me."TAKEFor more than 50 years, Cardui has been relievingwoman's sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time, thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surorising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women.Cardui strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles.If you ar a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept., Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatmemt for Women,' sent free. J 4fYG2?&&z?ivCOKOIEMANSSHOEOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.M'wmL. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT SEPT 10, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains A.rrive -'FROMAtlanta, Ga.. Dafy 5Lexington, Ky., Daily .'.'.'.V.'.'.'.oCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7No.34134297104037312332625913S3S53'.30Aii ij o iiiv, j.i.j . , j-suiiy u.victKowlana, ty. , Dany .Except Sunday. 7,Lexington, i y , Daily Except Sunday SCincinnati, O., Duily qMaysville, Ky., Daily ExceptLexington, ivy,, Dailyuiucmnau, u., DailyLexington, Ky., Daily ExceptCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except1.11.-4$ s me, xvy., jjiiuy .exceptLexington, Ky.. Dailyjvnoxvme, 1 enn.. DailyMajTsville, Ky. , DailyCincinnati, U . Daily .Except Sunday 5,Lexington, Ky. , Daily w 6Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .... f ... 6Jacksonville, Fla.. Daily 1". . .6Lexington, Ky., Daily 108321431Cincinnati, O., DailyTrainsNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 54 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ." " ." .529 Lexington , Ky . , Daily Except Sunday ..".. JT7 FranK.r ri & Louisville. Daily Except .Sunday. . ." J7,40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday.. .8'.10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ...s,137 Lexington, Ky., Daily !!!!!.!!! ".9!37 Knoxville," Tenn. , I tmly 4 ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily ......'.'..'.'.'.10,133 Lexington, Ky., Daily !!l06 Maysville, K., Daily '.'.'.'.'. !-!ll26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '....'. "1125 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3.88 Cincinnati. O., Daily ,. "3,9 Rowland. Kv.. Dailv Excenfc fitnidav s3932813303113Lexington, Ky.. Daily ExceptCincinnati, O., DailyMaysville, Ky., Daily ExceptLexington, ivy., DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily ExceptLexington, K., DailyAtlanta, Ga., DailyIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1. 1910.Trains JLrrrve 'No. FROM .2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .'. .3J0 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ;...,. . .6.01 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only ". .lO.OOpm.Trains DepartNo. . . TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only .7.10 am.7 -Frankfort & Louisville, Daily. Except Sundaj ." 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ? ;.v.9.'53 am3 Frankfort, Ky , Daily Except Sunday T. 5.6ShxTheWomarfsTonicianiinaFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.21 anaIS ant.35 amiuuuuav --......................38 am.55 am.12 am..50 amSunday : 10..05 am.jq.A)i ami: 7,10.Sumlay 1 . ....... .11.Sunday I...'..'.'.'.'.'. .3.is am..50 am.10 pmMinaay 3! ! ! ! ! 3,.10 pn,22 pm,25 pmi,25 tmi3!!!!!!!!!!!! .5..40 pm.iz Dm.01 am17 pm27 pmA5 pm.. 10:IDe-part.28 am.35 am.47 am.43 am'20 an:.20Nam.57 am.55 amt.IS am.21 am.52 am..54 am.30 pm.4o pmAn pm..50 DmSunday ...:....5." ; . 6..23 pmSunday 6.2& pm.25 pm.85 pmSpm,00 pm6Sunday. .x g.10. !!!!.". !lo'fov.1THE BOURBON EWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT, 31, i91ti"JfcJMKJMMMMWMM1' ( '1 kj9giM wmmmmm mmmmmm "w m i n ia s i w 'm am 'v i mLEXINGTON, KENTUCKYVnnr JsvrHrn"hp,(Isn't CompleteWithout One ot these LovelyVelvet DressesTheir Artistocratic Appearance Places Them in aClass by Themselves and They're InvaluableFor Many Functions.No costume could be more refined and elegant in appearance than one of these rich velvet dresses. No garbcan take the place for wear at afternoon entertainmentsor evening affairs. They are high in popular favor, and arethe favored proteges of the metropolitan style-critics.You'll be charmed with their attractive designs; you'llbe delighted with the high quality of their materials; butyou can not properly judge of their becomingness untilyou've tried them on and carefully examined them.The infinite variety of models we're showing providesa handsome and becoming dress for every taste-preferencea style that will please even the most fastidious.Dresses of Velvet and Corduroy$17.50 to $35.Elegant and refined garments are these in a variety ofbeautiful models. Colors are black; navy, brown and richgreen. We have every size at present, but advise promptselection as the assortment will soon be broken.One-Piece Dresses of Serge and Broadcloth$20 to $25Materials of the finest qualities. The garments aredesigned from French models and have those touches ofexclusiveness which are sought for by women of discriminating taste. Colors are whiter, navy, black, brown andsoft New Peter Thompson Styles at $20.$25.00 Suitsthat are equal to the kind you usually see at $35. (K). Madein wide wale diagonals and winter weight serges, interlinedand lined with the softest satin. Pretty shades of navyblue, grey, brown and black. We guarantee a perfect fit.LKaufman, Straus & 60.LEXINGTON, KY.Jl Gmdry dc Co.M Annntmre the Arrival of: k, w . , , ,iNew winter lvioaeisInjt m -jtIc .. . . ,YV, .1oeparaie oais ana w rapsWomen s and Misses SizesCoats for Street, Eveningand MorningLarge Stock and Splendid Assortment ofStyles to Choose From.Quality Considered, Our Prices Are LowerThan Found ElsewhereEMBRY & CO.Main Street, East, Lexington, KytInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfAuction Sale.The household effects of Mrs. LizizeArkle will be Sold at auction on Wednesday. November 1 at 2:30 p. m.Read the ad in another column. x 27 2tGe to Buck's.For a niee bath, hair cut' or shave,,rgo t Back's barber ihop. Three first.class barbers. 13 tfNo Matinee lor "Little MissFix-It."JThe News is requested by ManagerScott, of the Lexington Opera House,to announce that there will be nomatinee this afternoon of "Little MissFix-It," as originally announced.There are a number of good seats leftfor tonight's performance.McClure & Clendcnin writefire and Tornado INSURANCEon TOBACCO and BARNS.First Step Toward Next ConclaveAlthough the annual meeting of theKnights Templar of Kentucky for thecoming year is just about sevenmonths off, interest in the coming conclave is being manifested early andthe 1912 conclave, to bo held in thiscity, promises at this date to eclipsethat helj here five years ago, whichwas the moBt decided success fromevery standpoint of any held before orsince.The conclave was held in Lexington last May and it was decided thatParis should be the next place ofmeeting. Seldom does this body meetin the same city in so short a periodnnd the selection of Paris after anelapse of five years is a comphmenftothe hospitality of the city and an attest of the high regara in which theKnights Templar throughout the Statehold for Paris.Preliminary plans looking to theholding of the conclave were laid atthe stated meeting of Goeur de LionCommandery last Friday night, whenmatters pertaining to the conclavewere discussed. No definite actionwas taken at the meeting, but committees were named to boost theaffair and make the conclave nextMay superior to that of five years ago.It is the purpose of the local commandery to raise funds with which toentertain the visitors in a royal fashion. At the last conclave the commandery bore the entire expense butthis year the citizens of Paris will beasked for liberal subscriptions withwhicn to entertain the large numberof visitors' and it is needless to saythat when the proper time to takesuch subscriptions rolls around thecommittee appointed to act in thecapacity of solicitors will meet with aready response from the merchantsand citizens.Paris wants the coming conclave tobe the best (and biggest teer held inthe State. The honor conferred uponthe town by the Grand Commanderyshows that they appreciated our effortsto entertain the Knights and thevwant to come back. Unite in thiseffort and make the next annual meeting a grand success.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.For tne Cool Nights.Stop in and see our new line of comforts just received. All kinds at allkinds of prices. Don't buy comfortsuntil you see our stock. We can saveyou money.J. T. HINTON.New Saloon.I will open a first class saloon onNovember 1, in my storeroom latelyused by me as a clothing store. I haveengaged Mr. E. H. Brannon as myhead clerk. It will be my aim withthe assistance of Mr. Brannon to conduct a first class and up-to-date place,selling nothing but the best of wines,liquors, old whiskies and beer. Thecelebrated John Hauck draught beerwill be sold as well ,as other famousbrands of bottled beer. Mr. Brannon'syears of experience in this businesshas enabled him to know best as to thewants of the public in this line so Ihave left it to him as to the purchaseor tne wnisKeys, etc. we extenu amost cordial invitation to the public tocall on us and give us a share of itspatronage.BENNIE WEINBERG.First-Class Barber Shop.Mr. H. C. Curtis has accepted a position at Cabal's barber shop. Thismakes four chairs Mr. Cahal is nowrunning and it is no trouble to catch aturn and get a first-class shave in ?short space of time. Hot a nd coldabths and polite attendants to wait ontheir patrons. tfPublic Sale.Read the advertiserm rt jn anothercolumn of the public sal; f houyehcldeffects belonging to Mrs. lizzie Atkle.Sale Wednesday, November i. 27 2tAttention Ladies.I have a new line of corsets withspecial features to them that I wouldlike to show to the ladies of Paris.These oexsets lace both in the frontand back. They are ot the best makeand a perfect fit is guaranteed. EastTennessee phone 112.27 3t MRS. ELIZABETH HILL.Coaching Through Kentucky.A party composed of Capt. W. Benning, John Schumaker, Reese Leverone and their coachman. Fred Johnson,passed through Paris Saturday enrouteto Louisville. Tne party is coachingthrough the State and came fromRichmond, Va., where the trip started. Capt. Benning is a millionaire,and resides in Los Angeles, Cal.Messrs. Schumaker and Leverone arefrom the same Jcity. The outfit wasshipped from Los Angeles to Richmond, Va., and when the party arrivesin Louisville it will be put aboard aboat enroute to New Orleans, fromwhich city they will start across thecontinent. Capt. Benning is owner ofCatalina Island, a famous resort outfrom Los Angeles.TAX PAYERS' "NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.SrAMPS MOORE;City Collector.Buggy Robes.We have the. best line of buggyrobes andfhorse blankets that can bebought. Our prices are moderate.Give us a call.27 4t I LAVIN & CONNELL.Mrs. Talbott Elected President.The Richard Hawes Chapter U. D.C, held an important business meeting in their beautifully appointed Confedreate room at the court house Friday afternoon.Mrs. Claude M. Thomas gave-a fulland interesting account of the StateConvention held in Lexington lastweek.Mrs. Wm. G. Talbott presented tothe chapter a piece of the bronze fromwhich the equistrian statue of JohnMorgan was made; this was given toMrs. Talbott by Mr. Coppini, thesculptor, an has been added to thevery interesting cabinet of relics owned by the chapter.The election of officers for the ensuing years resulted as follows: President. Mrs. W. G. Talbott; first vicepresident, Mrs. J. T. Vansant: secondvice president, Mrs. C. M. Thomas;secretary, Mrs. Henry Clay ;treasuer,Mrs. Thomas McDonald; 'registrar,Mrs. C. C. Leer.Miss Puss Rogers, of Columbus, 0.,who lived in Paris during the CivilWar, was a visitor and agreed to givean address at the next meeting, thethird Frulay in November.Beautiful Flowers.Let us furnish you with cut flowers.We represent the bestjfloiist in theSouth and his sotck this fall is verysupreior.JO VARDEN.TAX PAYERS' NOTICE.Pay your City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector.rANNOUNCEMENT"We Have Taken the Exclusive Agency for theAWorld-Famous W-W-W PermanentlyGuaranteed RingFrom now on the men and women, boys and girls ofthis town will have an opportunity to buy a guaranteedset ring. This ring that we have on sale is made so wellthat the maket guarantees it.Each one is accompanied by a written guarantee thatdistinctly says that if a stone should come out it will bereplaced absolutely free at any time, or, if necessary, anew ring in its place.Just think what this means to you people who wishto buy a set ring either for yourself or as a gift. Justthink what pleasure such a ring will give you, when youknow that the stones are perfectly secure when youknow that no matter what happens to the ring or Jiowlong it is worn it is guaranteed by the maker.These rings are here for your inspection in all thevarious birthstones. They are made for men, womenand children, and can be bought at prices from $2 up.May Go to January Term.In the Court of Appeals at Frankfort Saturday in the merger cse ofCommonwealth on relation, etc.,against L. & N. and Frankfort andCincinnati railway, an agreement ofattorneys was filed giving till December 5 to file a reply to the petition forrehearsing which has been filed by theappellee. This will probably result inthe final decision going over to theJanuary term of court. The court decided at the last April term that theL. ft N. could not buy or take overthe Frankfort and Cincinnati becauseit is a competing line.Funeral Designs.The flowers we furnish for funeralsare exquisite. The price is reasonable.The service prompt. Satisfactionguaranteed.JO VARDEN.BotlWE WANT YOU TO SEE THESE RINGSSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers"The House of Quality."Both Phones.Control of Brands of the Trust.It is expected that in the proceedings with reference to the plan of reorganiizng the American Tobacco Company, which are to be entered upon inNew York this week, a good deal ofattention will be devoted to the question of brands of tobacco and theircontrol by given plants.This is in some way a new proposition, as it has received relatively littlepart in the criticism that has been visited upon the tobacco reorganizationplan. It is a fact, however, thatwithin the past two or three days Mr.Wickersham's advisers have stronglyrepresented to him the desirability oftaking some action in regard to thismatter and of using it as one basis forhis criticism of the proposals of thedompany.That he will do so is now fully believed by those who have every reasonto know what he is planning.IAll Your Seasonable NeedsAre Provided For in Our Stock.Window Glass,Husking Gloves,Husking Pins,Foot Scrapers,Coal Vases,Coal Hods,Fire Shovels,Pokers and Tongs,Flower Pots, Hearth Brooms,Sausage Mills, Lard Presses.Weather Strip.Our Stock is Complete and OurPrices Are Right.FORD & CO.Very Attractive Prices in Cut Glassand Brass Goods..JSpecial FTJid-Season1SALEIGreat Reductions on Cloaks, Suits, Skirts, Waists,Dresses and Petticoats.59cShirt Waists in all sizes in beautiful designs, with new lace andlinen cuffs and collars, regular value Si. 50 ..Silk Petticoats in new French designs, in all colors, in massaline, . i CJregular value $5 fPmm 4 7 CJSkirts in new serge in all colors and new mixtures, and mannish flJ Q?cloth, regular value $7 101h 79Dresses in new serge, latest designs,regular value $12.50 1Suits in all colors, in wool serge, broadcloth and newmixtures, regular value $20 :Coats in new mixtures and black broadcloth,regular value $20$7.50$10.00.Plush and CaraculCoats$10.00$10-$12. 50 -$15Alterations Free.A. H. DOMBH flflfiniflTSLGXl.tlJLGT3L.-yCorner 5th and MainBoth Phones 129J"iiUii-i'V -I?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 31 19117mis BOURBON NEWS.li(jfifc7vfarkALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGinsure your TOBACCO withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Ensure your tobacco againstfire and tornado with Joe G.Mitchell.Buys Cottage.Mr. A. B. Lovell purchased lastweek of Chas. Coleman a frame cottage at the corner of Wlliams streetand Lilleston avenue. The price paidwas S950.Mr. Dawson Announces.In another column will be found theannouncement of Mr. W. L. Dawsonas a Republican candidate for Councilman from the Third Ward.Country Sorghum.Pure country sorghum.31 2t BRAMtJLETT & TARR.Tie With Capitol Boys.The game of football at White ParkFriday afternoon between the team ofthe Paris High School and a teamfrom Frankfort, resulted in a tie, thercorp being 6 to 6.Feld's fiood Shoes.At David Feld's you get the bestvariety of shoes. 6 tfSchool League to Hold Sale.The Cane Ridge School Improveme tLeague will have a sale of good thingsto eat at the store of Mr. Geo. W.Davis on Main street Saturday, November 4. They will sell cakes, dressed chickens, salads, butter, eggs, wetc.Wall Paper Specials,We are offering some special bargains in wall paper. Come and seevvfaat a beautiful line you have toselect from.J. T. HINTON.Morehead Lyceum Course.The celebrated "Aida (Quartet,"with G. Pol Plancon, the famousFrench baritone, will be at the operahouse Fiiday night, November ,30,tbey being the second attraction in thecourse.Wall Paper.Now is the time to have your wallpaper put on the walls. We are offering great bargains and our decoratorsare now ready to wait on you. Comein and see our new patterns.J. T. HINTON.Flowers for Parties.T Let us furnish you cut flowers fordecorations. Prompt service guaranteed. Nothing but the best stock furnished. JO. VARDEN.Cattle Shipment.Caywood & Thomason, of this county, shipped last week to the Pittsburgmarket two carloads of fine cattlewhich averaged 1,485 pounds per head.The cattle were purchased from Mr.W. B. Woodford at 6 1-2 cents perpound and are said to be the finest lotever shipped from this county.Apples $1.75 Per Barrel.Nice cooking and preserving applesat only $1.75 per barrel while they lastOrder early as they will go with arash.31 2t T. LENIHAN.Household Furniture.Household furniture, carpets, chairs,diningr com furniture, stoves, kitchenfurniture, tc. belonging to Mrs.Lizzie Aikle will be scld WedncsJav at2:30 o'clock. Attend the sale. 27'2tHydrant Water Analyzed.On October 11, Dr. A. H. Keller,the city health physician sent a sample 'of the water from Stoner creek to the 'tfacteri logical Department of the IState Uuiversity to be analyzed and afew days ago recifved a report of the'examination, wherein is made the posi-'tive statement that all water used for ;uurnesuc purposes should be billed.Had the warning of the health officerbeen heeded much of the tj phoid feverwhich prevailed in this city could havebeen preen:ed.Public Auction.Attend the sale of household goodsbelonging to Mrs. Lizzie Arkle onWednesday at 2 .30 o'clock. 27 2tGo Hunting Prepared.Prepare yourself for the huntingseason with a pair of hose superiorhunting shoes the "Triumph Elk," weB3ll them in Paris. They are absolutely waterproof and are conceded to bethe best made,tf GEO. McWILLIAMS.Will Sell Runners in Australia.Messrs. Catesby Woodford, of thiscounty, and Phil Chinn. of Fayette,have decided to ship their mares toAustralia where they will be sold inMircb. Mr. Woodford will con e;vte:n picked mares while Mr. Chinnwill send eighteen. A veterinarian ismaking the njallein test and as soon asthis is completed the mares will beshipped to San Francisco by expressand from this point they will be shipped to Melbcurne or Sidney.TAY PAYf RS' NOTICE.Pay yoar City Taxes beforethe first day of November andsave the penalty.STAMPS MOORE,City Collector...PERSONAL MENTION.Mr?. R. K. Mcfarney, who hasbc.u quUe ill io improving.Mis3 nnie May, of near Jacksonville, is visiting in Boyle county.'r. and Mr". John Mason arevisi ing relatives in Mason county.Misses Sallie Lockhart and MaryClay are visiting relatives in Charleston. W. Va.Mrs. Benjamin Parker is visitingher sister, Mrs. James Baldwin, inGeorgetown.Mrs W. G. Craigmyle, of Cynthiana, is visiting Mr. and Mrs. HughCraigmyle in this city.Miss Lucy Welsh, of High Bridge,is the gueat of the Misses Whaley onSouth Main street.Miss Rosina Elder, of this city, isthe guest of Misses May and IreneMackey, in Maysville.Mrs. Willie Hardwick is visitingher parents, Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeLogan, in Nicholas county.Miss Ida Paynter, who has beenvisiting her sister, Mrs. Coleman Metcalf, in Cincinnati, has returned home.Miss Elizabeth Beasley, of Clintonville, has returned from a visit toMrs. Boonp Phillips, in Mason county.Mrs. C. D. Jordan, of Helena,Mason county, is the guest of hermother, Mrs. Emily Plummer, in thiscity.Mr. D. D. Robhius has returnedto his home in Little Rock after avisit to Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Robbins inWinchester.Mrs. Nellie Weeks, who has beenunder treatment at a Lexington hospital for some time is reported to besomewhat improved.Mrs. Sue Blackwell, who has beenhere on an extended visit to her sister,Mrs. Perry Hutchcraft. has returnedto her home in Kansas City.Mr. Douglas Clay, who is attending school at Nicholasville, attendedthe funeral of his grandfather, Mr. S.S. Clay, here Friday morning.Messrs. J. W. Bacon, Ed Bedfordand Quincy Ward, who have been attending the races at Cleveland, Ohio,returned home Saturday night.Mrs. Walker Buckner and Mrs.Brice Steele, who have been visitingMrs. Buckner's daughter, Mrs. Wm.Hinkle, in Kansas City, Mo., returnedheme Friday.Mrs. S. E. Wornall and daughter.Miss Edith, have returned to theirhome in Kansas City, Mo., after avisit of several weeks to Mr. and Mrs.Wm. Wornall, near Paris.Miss Anna Coleman Van Meter, ofWinchester, Mis3 Josephine Harbisonand Misses Jospehine and Jane Farrell,of Lexington, arrived Friday to be theguests of Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Faulconerreturned Friday from their bridal tripand were the guests of Mr. and MrsT. T. Templin. They left for CannelCity Saturday to make their futurehome.Mr. Clarence Plummer, who hasheld the position of operator on theRock Island lines at Wheatley, Ark.,has ieturnded to this city where hehas secured a similar position with theLouisville & Nashville rairload.Mr. and Mrs. Joe Head, of Ashland, who have been the guests of Mr.and Mrs. E. M. Dickson, returnedhome Sunday in Mr. Head's automobile. They were accompanied by Mrs.Dickson who will visit them for aweek.Mrs. Elizabeth King, of Cushing,Okla .is here the guest of her nephew,Judge Harmon Stitt and other relatives in this city. Mrs. King is in theeightieth year of her age and is thedaughter of Major James Stitt, whofor a number of years represented thecounty of Nicholas in the GeneralAssembly. This is her first visit toKentucky in thirty years.Mrs. G. B. Longan, of KansasCity, Mo., is visiting her son, Dr. S.W. Longan, in this city. Mrs. Longanis on a lecture tour and is lecturing onand teaching the subject of "Parliamentary Law." She is the author ofa book entitled "Parliamentary RulesMade Easy," new in its fifth edition.Mrs. Longan has taught the subjectn any years and is a parliamentariancf national reputation.One of the most enjoyable eventscf the season was given Saturdaypvening when the students of theParis High School entertained with aHallowe'en party at the public schoolbuilding. The merry-makers went enmasque and many grotesque costumeswere worn. Games and dancing wereenjoyed and muic was furnished by theHigh School Band. Supper, consistingof sandwiches, pickle, cheese, pumpkin pie and fruit was served. Aboutseventy-five young people enjoyed theevening, and they were chaperoned byMisses Butler, Alexander and Cottingham, and Professors Chapman, Stackhouse and Johnson. Lemonade wasserved from a swinging kettle in imitation of a witch's cauldron. Thegymnasium, where the entertainmentwas held was decorated to represent acornfield, with pumpkin lanterns andapples suspended from the ceiling.At her home on Second street Friday evening Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft entertained with a delightfulcard party in honor of hec guests,Misses Van Meter, of Winchester, andHarbison and Farrell, of Lexington.Delicious refreshments were servedand the evening was thoroughly enjoyed by the cuests of thi3 charminer hos.tess. The following young ladies andgentlemen were present: Misses AnnaCole-man Van Meter, Winchester ; AnnaHoward Harbison, Jane Farrell, Josephine barren, Lexington; Alltne Power, Rachel Wiggins, Elisabeth Embry,Elizabeth Steele, Carolyn Rosebeiry,Lorine Butler, Ollie Butler, HelenFrank and Kate Alexander Messrs.Jim Buckner, George W. Clay, Woodford Buckner, Clarence Thomas, Ca esby Spears, William Taylor, DavidCline Hugh Ferguson, Hany BrentFithian, Fay Ardery, Dr. George Varden, Mr. and Mrs. John Davis, Mr.and Mrs. White Varden, Mr. and Mrs.Withers Davis, Mr and Mrs. WilliamB. Ardery and Mr. and Mrs. WadeWhitley.Miss Elizabeth Crutcher leaves today for a visit to Danville.Judge Denis Dundon was in Lexington on legal business yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Price were theguests of their son, Mr. John Price, atCenter College, Danville, Sunday.21 The Pastime Club entertained witha Hallowe'en party at the home ofmiss uorinne Collins last night. Abouteignt coupler were present.Mrs. M.H. Davis, of Mayslick,who after spending a week withfriends in Huntington, W. Va., returned yesterday to be the guest of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Hukill.Mr. Thomas Powers, of Boston,Mass., was the guest last week of Mr.Nathan Bayless, Jr., Mr. Powers, whois a prominent horseman, while herelooked over some fine animals in thecounty.Mr. Kiser Smith has rented fromMr. G. W. Judy his residence onTwelfth street to which he will movehis family in a few days. Mr. Smithrecently came here from Cynthiana toaccept the position of ticket agent intne L,.6z.is. omce.Things Eternal.E'en from the tomb the voice ofnature cries, , e'en in our ashes livetheir wonted fires. Thomas Gray.THEJFAIR!Unmatchable Values in Stationery For Friday Only.High grade envelopes, 2 packagesfor 5c, Faber's rubber-tipped leadpencils, 3 for5c.Kurd's 25c box paper at 12c box.Pure Linen "Writing Tablets, unruled, 5c.Big line of Ink Tablets, worth 5cand lCc each, corners slightly soiled,at 2 for 5c.1st quality Writing Paper, 24 sheetsfor 5c.Rubber Fountain Syringes in whiteand maroon rubber, at 75c and 8c.Hanging Flower Baskets, 25c! and39c.Medicated Toilet Paper 8 rolls for25c, or 18 rolls for 50c, in case lots,100 rolls in a case, at 2 50 per case.Hyacenths, Tulips, Crocus andSacred Lillies.Wall Paper, 10 bolts of paper and 2bolts of border, all for 49c....THE FAIR...FOR SALE.I offer for sale privately my fineshow five-gaited Shetland stallion,"Cock Rohin." This stallion has beenexhibited 21 ticnas and has takentwenty blue ties. Cock Robin wasformerly the property of Hon. C. M.Thomas, of Bourbon. I also have forsain 3 fine weanling fillies by CockRooin, out of good Shetalnd dams.AddressW. T. OGDEN,320 Maple avenue.Home phone 102. Winchester, Ky.LOST.A small gray leather and silk bag onlast Wednesday containing a goldlocket and chain, one small diamondring, and about $2 in silver. Was lostbetween Paris and Centerville. Finderwill be given suitable rweard for return. WM. FERGUSON,R. F. D. No. 7.Phone 464-3 Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.One Born steel range and two Radiant Home heaters. Phone 148 or callat the Morehead Piano Co., 606 Mainstreet. 31 3tPublic-OF-Household & KitchenFurniture.I will sell at my home on the cornerof Second street and Lilleston avenueonWednesday, Nov. 1st, 1)11,at 2:30 p. m. all cf my householdand kitchen furnture, consisting inpart ofLeather couch;Leather bottom dining chaiis.Oak chiffoniers.Oak dressers.Heating stove.Kitchen range.Besides the abovev there are a number of carpets, chairs and. many otherarticles too nuirerous to mention.TERMS. Cash.MRS. LIZZIE ABKLE,Pari?, Ky.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.I Sal eAnnouncement.We are authorized to announce W.L. Dawson as a Republican candidatefor Councilman from the Third Wardsubject otLthe: action of the regularelection, Tuesday, November 7.Bank Stock at Pnllic Anction.I will sell publicly at the courthousedooor in Paris, Ky.. at 11 o'clock a.m. Monday, November 6, county courtday, 5 shares of the capital stock ofthe Citizens' Hofpe Bank of LittleRock, Ky.M. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer.PUBLIC SALEI will offer at public auction onCourt day, Monday, November, 7.1911, at my stock yards 15 cood sows.most of them have pigs and the restare due to pig now.M. J. MURPHY.The NewRecordsAre an Unusually AttractiveLot. Among Then Are theFirst Piano Records ofPaderewski, Recitat ionsfrom Shakespeare by EllenTerry.31843 Gems from Carmen ; by VictorLight Opera Company.60055 -With Verdue Clad; by LucyMarsh.60056 Venetian Love Song ; by Victor Herbert's Orchestra.The Herd Girl's Dream, byNeapolitan Trio.10967 Happy Days, on Violin, Fluteand Harp.35202 Whistlin' Pete; by GoldenHughes. Carolina Minstrels; by VictorMinstrel Company. .74242-She is For From the Land;by McCormack.74252 Ever Since the Day (FromLouise) ; by Alma Gluck.87084 A Neapolitan Serenade; byScotti.And many others as good or better.Come in and hear them.Daugbwty BrosJ. T. HINTON- r. IJ. T.!SOLE AGENT FORATHENA UNDERWEARFor Ladies and Children.ThejElastic Cuff holds the sleeve in place. Special stayprevents garment from stretching over the shoulder.Comfort without bulk. Daintiness with duribility.ISOLE AGENT FORHENDERSON CORSETS.Buy good Corsets. The better Corsets you buy the betterfigure you will have, the more stylish you will appear andthe longer service you will get from your Corset. Wecarry them from $1 upward.I W. Ed Tucker1 WE ARE READY FOR YOUiIFee's CashPotatoesIi Blackberry JamILenox SoapFEE'SLCOMFORTS;ANDBLANKETSimSTT03STt:mftI"iO "ispecials.Fancy NorthernStockPer Peck25c ilOelPer PoundI$2.85Per BoxI'hitf2.tvi -xfMlMv-mh9idV..fx-f -vvvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY; OCT. 31; 1911TThe Goods You Chooseome ToYour Home As They Ought To ComeThey will be delivered with painstaking care. Delivery serviceas well as every service fully warrants every young couple n visiting this store.PINE OAK DINING TABLESolid golden oak solid pedestal48-inch round top fluted legs extends, when opened, 6 feet.A most excellent Dining Table inevery respect, and the biggest bargainyou ever laid eyes on. Come and getyours ere they are gone.TES53WHEATERSWe choose for our stocks aswe would have others choosefor our own use. That's whywe made "Buck's" stoves andranges our choice. 10c a dayor $1 a week will place any'Buck's" in your home.Cook stoves $14 up.SHrJHiESSifr'SsEfE,Get your heaterready for the coolweather that iscoming. One ofourA. F. WHEELERfli'm and Third Sts.CHAS, GREEN, Manager.mmmmmmivmmmmmmmwmmmmmBlastHeaterswill keep the sum- 9mer heat withyou.$3.75upfo$48& CO.Opposite Court House.Administrator's Notice.All persons knowing themselves indebted to the estate of the late Mrs.W. W. Massie, are requested to calland settle at once.Those having claims aeainst theestate will please present same properly proven according to law for payment to the undersigned.JAMES McCLURE, Administrator10 Im of Mrs. W. W. Massie.BloodineCoughCheckerLoosens the phlegmimmediately and permanently, cures aCough. Croup, Whooping Cough and all Throat and LungAffections. The best remedy forchildren. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle.Mrs. Harrlette Wells Allen, Gaffney.S.C. says:I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years andits the first medicine that has done me much good.W. T. Brooks, Agent.TWIN BROS.Clothing DepartmentIisten! YouYoung Men.Here's a swell chance you don't want to miss,because it won't come again this season.A special representative from the greatrational tailoring house of Clarence MayerCo., Cincinnati, is now at our store showingtheir ccmnlete assortment of new woolens forFall and Winter.You've seen this famous tailoring line advertised in the magazines now's your opportunityto inspect it. There are hundreds of classyfabrics to select from and every one all-pure-wool.Come and see them to-day.Safe, Oct. 'ZrtU and 28, 1911.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.9 mA3LvWDeafness Cannot be Curedby local applications as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness, and that is by constitutionalremedies. Deafness is caused by aninflamed condition of the mucous lining of the Eustachian Tube. Whenthis tube is inflamed 3'ou have a rumbling sound or imperfect hearing, andwhen it is entirely closed deafness isthe result, and unless the inflammation can be taken out and this tuberestored to its normal condition,hearing will be destroyed forever ;nine cases out of ten are caused bvj catarrh, which is nothing but an-in-nameci condition or tne mucous surfaces. We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of Deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannol be cured byHall's Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars free. F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. 'Things Eternal.E'en from the tomb the voice ofnature cries, e'en In our ashes livetheir wonted fires. Thomas Gray.3xr5&mSKicked by a Mad Horse.Samuel Birch, of Beetown, Wis.,had a narrow escape from losing hi3leg, as no doctor could head thefrightful sore that developed, but atlast Bucklen's Arnica Salve cured itcompletely. It's the greatest healerof ulcers, burrs, boils, eczema, scaldscuts, corns, ecld sores, bruises andpiles on earth. Try it. 25c at Ober-aorfer's.Women In Business.Women are now engaged in all buttwo of the 303 gainful occupations ofthe men of this country.MSuperior EoW. Before you spend a cent for CementAsk us tor our Free Superior literature. It willpost you on many vital points, such as fineness,low magnesia, proportions for concrete, etcSuperior makes dense, solid concrete that willendure for ages. It's a true Portland Cement,used by the U. S. Government and leadingengineers, contractors, and dealers. Insist onSuperior.Uuea Tnwt luMcttsff, CdBati, O.Jttrtiu Ce&ktt, PreckUst.Tke Superior Portland Cement Co.(Km)SOLDBYvSttrar Luster Ce.Midnight in the Ozarksand yet sleepless Hiram Scranton, ofClay City, 111., coughed and coughed.He was in the mountains on the advice of five doctors, who said he badconsumption, but found no help inthe climate and started home. Hearing of Dr. King's New Discovery, hebegan to use it. '-I believe it savedmv life," he writes, "for it made anew man of me so that I can now dogood work again." For all lung disease, coughs, colds, lagrippe,a8thma,cioup, whooping cough, hay fever,hemorrhages, hoarseness or quinsyits the best known remedy. Price 50cand $1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer. 'Never Out of Work.The busiest little thing fiver madeare Dr. Kiner's New Life Pills. RvprvJ pill is a' sugar-coated glocule of healthlanguor into edergy, brain fag intomental power; curing constipation,headace, chills dyspepsia, 'malaria.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's. 1:tI International Gasoline iLi 1 1 I m 1 I I J 1 twi m-HUN VJTJL1N HiOM , r rkyf & . . . . .. ,-i 'i-SBPAll Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.MADE THEM REMEMBER.Customs of the Old English Court ofForest Regarders.The great forests of England werefor centuries royal property. Theywere kept from settlement and encroachment by the strictest laws andthe severest penalties. To enforce thelaws a great number of officials wereappointed. There were warders, verderers, foresters and regarders, andthere were special courts to try casesof trespass, poaching and like offenses.It Is of the regarders that Mr. Norway writes In his "Highways andByeways In Yorkshire." He is dealing with Sherwood forest of RobinHood fame:"I know not with any certainty whatmay have been the boundaries of thisforest in ancient times, for that excellent custom of the court of the regarders has gone out of use, whichwas wont to impress the bounds sofirmly on the memories of those whodwelt in the neighborhood."The regarders used to take a surveyof the forest every third year, and intheir train went a number of boys collected willy nilly from the immediatevicinity. The boys were chosen because it was held that the memoriesof the young are good. Yet it wasfound to be desirable to impress themfirmly with the actual limits lest anywandering fancy should distract theirattention at the important moment,and so the boys were bumped heavilyupon the ground whenever the boundary was reached, or if the limit weroa stream that was much better, for(he urchins were thrown in and 'paddled about' until their attention wot;awake.' 'Is that stream the boundary?' oneof these witnerses war; asked in hisriper age." 'Ee?,' he answered hastily, 'ees.that 'tis. I'm sure o't by the sametoken that I were tossed into't andpaddled about there like a water rattill I were haafe deead.' "Justification."You admit, then, do you, O'Shaughnessy, that you assaulted your friend?"asked the judge."Sure an' Oi do that, yure honor," replied O'Shaughnessy. "Oi gev him acouple o' good wans. He called me adommed fool, yure honor.""And did you consider that an insult?" demanded the judge."Naw, sorr," said O'Shaughnessy."Oi fought it was a gross betrayal uvconfidence, sorr." Harper's "Weekly.Duty.Duty Is a power which rises with usin the morning and goes to rest withus at night. It is coextensive with theaction of our intelligence. It is theshadow which cleaves to us, go wherewe will, and which only leaves uswhen we leave the light of life. Gladstone.Predestination.Ted You know money is your bestfriend. Ned Yes, and the trouble isthat the best of friends must part-Judge.American Fruits In Chill.American peaches, pears and smallfruits grow well in Chili.TaSFree ExhibitionWe Are Pleased to Exhibit Our Fall NoveltiesLadies' Suits and SkirtsMillinery and Ladies' Long CoatsAlso Ladies' and Misses' Footwear 'See our Ladies' Special Suits at $12.75Our Fall Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silk Department, Blanket and Comfort Now CompleteKindly Call atWhen Not to Smoke.By exhausting the salivary secretionsmoking before meals prevents thephysiological action of the saliva onstarchy foods. Smoking just beforecoins to bed is often followed by insomnia, because the stomach contains 1a quantity of unneutralized juice,which irritates the mucosa and givesrise to a sensation of hunger. Thisdistressing consequence may be averted by taking either some light food ora little bicarbonate of soda before retiring to rest in order to neutralize thesecretion. London Lancet.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckymsmmssmBHTBBBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aS A MP L E T RE AT M EN V FREECatarrh is not only dangerous bunit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that, cause catarrh. Atthe same time Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sei.ds a tingling flood of warm, rich, ;pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength-just whereit is needed, andpi teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples 3enfc free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Tw0 old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell,Phone 162 AgentMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties..E. Tenn. Thoiie 716.Day Trip to St Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8:20 a. m., direct connection is madewith the B. &. O. S-W. fast trainleaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noondaily, arriving St. Louis at eighto'clock same evening. This rain carries elegant high back seat coaches"of steel and cement construction."Parlor cars, electric lighted diningcar, and makes direct connection inSt Louis Union Station with allWestern, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. Other B. & O. S-W.Sf. T nnis fnsh fruina Ipdva flincinnofidaily 2:15 a. m., 9 a. m. .and 9:15 p.in. aaiiy except r una ay. JNignt cramshave electric lighted sleeping carswith individual berth lights. For in-,formation as to fares and other particulars consult your local ticket agenor addressS. T. SEELy.T. P. A. B.'&O. S-W. R. R.,513 Tracticn.Bldg.,. Cincinnati, Ohic.JRnnk EanghomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tf East Tenn. Pho e 669Notice of Election..Notice is hereby given that therewill be on Tuesday after the first Monday! n November, 1911, which is November 7, 1911, an election held wfcichwas o-dered by the liourbon ColfetyCourt on August 3, 1911, for the purpose of taking the sense of tha legalvoters in the Precinct of ClintonvilleNo 1, upon the question aj3 to whetheror net cattle or any species thereofshall be permitted to rurr at Lrge insaid precinct.A. S. THOVPSON,SheiLT B.urKn CcuatyOct 17, .24, 27, 31. " Jt1iiiv.THE BOURBON . NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, OCT. 31 1911GOOD LIVER REMEDY FREESnjWhen you suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating, ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowish3'ou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that the3r will aid in the digestion of your food. A very" goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, Js Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.Butif you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree sample bottle..Thousands of people first learnedof this remarkable cure for stomach,liver and bowel troubles through afree sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly ofPlainview, III., sent for one and itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, thePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for all the family frominfancy to old age, because it is mild,free from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or money willbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.'X2X232JFORRENT.GHjs&vjessThe West end of the desirabla storeroom fronting on Fifth street, recently vacated by the Paris postoffice 30feet front, running back about 25 feet.Propprty newly painted throughout.Located near interurban station.Immediate possession. Apply toBOURBON BANK & TRUSCGO.Loving Friends.Never cast aside your friends if byany possibility you can retain them.We are the weakest of spendthriftsif we let one drop off through inattention, or let one push another away,or if we hold aloof from one throughpetty jealousy. Would you throwaway a diamond because it scratchedyou? One good friend is not to beweighed against the jewels of theearth.SPFHARATES.Homeseekers, FaresTo points ia Arkansas, Lousiana,Missouri, New Mexico, Oklohomi andTexas, on sale the firat and thirdTuesdays in November and December.Return limit 25 days from date of sale.Stop-overs allowed on Homeseekersterritory. Round-trip winter Tourist Fares to points in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Louisiana and Mississ'ippi on sale daily, return limit May31, 1912.For further information, call on orvriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.To My Friends and HomeApt Description of Bigot.The celebrated John Foster thus described a bigot: "He sees religion,not as sphere, but as a line, and it isa line in which he is moving. He islike an American buffalo sees rightforward, but nothing to the right orleft He would not perceive a legionof angels or .devils at a distance often yards on the one side or the other."Passing of the Label.Suit cases and trunks of returningtravelers are pasted over this yearwith relatively few of the hotel labelswhich have long been the particularpride of tourists, 'rue reason givenis that the European hotels proprietors are now abandoning the baggagelabel as a form of advertisement, infavor of picture cards, with whichthey supply their guests. Youth'sCompanion.People:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs Rosa V. WaUinsrford.A Speedy Cure forConstipation, Biliousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion,Liver Complaints, Tired Feeling, Bad Taste inthe Mouth, Bad Complexion, Nervousness and alldiseases ofthe Stomach, Liver and Bowels."Bloodine Liver Pills"act Rently, yet thoroughly upon the bowels, liver,stomach and digestive organs. The pills, in oldand chronic cases of constipation and indigestion,act st once, without griping, nor do they leave anyunpleasant after-effects, nor form a constant habitof purging, produced by other cathartic remedies." Bloodine Liver Pills '' -j restore the deranged and torpid liver to its normalcondition and healthful action. .Remove and prevent constipation by securing a natural and regular operation of the bowels, and relieve those unpleasant symptoms which attend a diseased ormorbid condition cf the liver, stomach and bowels.To assist in attaining this end, the following suggestions are offered.REMARKS. Everyone who uses pills fortheir action on the liver, should know that largedoses rarely prove as satisfactory as small ones.Larcre doses simDlv Durce and nass out of the svs-E tern, usually leaving the bowels constipated, andQ seldom removing the cause of the trouble, or im-Burnv thp funeral lifalth. On th( nthpr handmtl1 Jn... j4.ir.lAn tliA 4 It.'sti.rA kPF"f t l.I medicine, do not irritate or constipate the bowels,but gently stimulate the liver and prevent theaccumulation of bile by directing its flow into theproper channels. Therefore it is advisable to commence by tiking not over one or two pill3 at bedtime ana increase dose as necessary.Portland, Mb.Gents: I find your "Bloodine Liver Pills1'the most effective pill I ever used. They causeno criDine or constipative after effect as most livera pills do. Yours truly.MRS. AMADA RICHARDSON.Bloodine Ointment cores Piles. 50c a box.W. T. Brooks, Agent.-Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczema, hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks "Agent.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.rimmmmmiwmmluargoien s.mime mum 0.iOur boolc. the most complete ever published on"Men's Diseases," also the latest thesis on the"GOG," Ehrlich's Wonderful One-treatment BloodPoison Cure, w ill be sent free to any man whovviil mention this newspaper, also disease.0HC1KHATI KEN-SPECIALIST CO.021 T7AI.NXJT STUEET.IF YOU SUFFERtFroci Complicated, Chronic oriipociil Ailaient or Disease suh&s Varicocele, Hydrocele, Ruptnre, l'Ues, Fistula, Blood Poison,j. t w-mniistn, Ulcera, Sores, Sklcii, ferrous DcbilUv, rren j SPECIAL alm-'.t that hasteen hanging on fur wetke orrtonths, rcatsimz t-e treancu'3)fTXriou doctors and druse.i.until you are discouraged aildisheartened, because cf th" re-nB.tAfl failure of AntiTt w.tni.ve taien your hard einxd ftmonr, gmng you only In rc'urnsoucs anapromkes,"Let cs showvour affliction will Yield to tbet c&tmcnt of physicians -who Kl.'OTT nOTT. If yon pref t jwu can arrange to pay our irnaH professional fto ini-itcUrncnU to suit your convenience. $5 to $ 15 li allyou n"ed to be cured under tbe guarantee of Ao CureFo Tar VTe nfiVr you onr 18 years f reliability andll here In CInciannti. Evr-ytbtng ttrictly confidential, t-pclel Parlorx for Prirary Call or write.irfmiwl utMt, Fxamlnauon and Aoice TREK.ig yon only in rc'urnCOME TO US.tr you fcotr joicfc'ylf&Zi 4 Vu7i4Kigts.&ssrWllg$frixThe Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.MargolenTlWParis, Ky.mriWSPTHE DESERTED BOWLBY EMIN ELAM.Jackson, Ky.IThe Bowl Peal:,, whnse lofty summitoverlooks the otbcr Kentucky mountains, threw a May morning shadowflittingly o'er the pretty Red river'slaughing flow.Gladys Oldfield, as usual, was walking across the green field, reading anew book; she crossed the wide sandbank, the rustic bridge, and began theascent of the peak, a feat which mighthave fatigued a- stronger person thanherself. But she had climbed to itstop many times before this morning.When she had accomplished theclimb she threw herself rather discontentedly upon a moss-carpeted knolland looked downward. Meditativelyshe gazed upon the lifeless-lookingtown, the swaying country for miles,the glistening river that winded andwinded, and caught the fragrance of amillion flowers that sweetened thewhole earth, it seemed.With indifferent mien she walkeddown the sloping side and scrambledup a wall-like mound and over intcbowl-shape I amphitheater. From thispoint she could plainly see her homean humble little cottage above thetown, where she lived with only herfather, tbe editor of the town newspaper.The amphitheater seemed to have"been hollowed like a dish, and theoak foliage and flowers on its brinkafforded an ideal shade; its grass covered surface resembled a parlor morethan a spot on a hillside. An old taleof the town said that it had been usedas a place of refuge -by a notorious"moonshiner" in the pioneer days olthe mountains. After he was capturedand from its resemblance to a bowl itwas dubbed "The Deserted Bowl."From her father she had inherited aliterary tendency, and always boughtthe new books.She resumed her perusal of the oneshe carried, "My Own Tale," by DeanIsom, " 'an aristocratic young duck,'as a country jake once called me," inhis own words. She often spent thelong summer days in the bowl, andnever failed to have either a book 01her sewing.When she had finished reading thesun had dropped far down its western path."It never can be my luck to knowsuch a man as Mr. Isom," she said tcherself, not thinking of the impossibilities that really come to the goodSuddenly she remembered that herfather had asked her to come to hisoffice that afternoon. But what didlie want? He had not told her.When half way down the hill shethought of having left her book in thebowl. "But I will not worry; it issafe," she said to herself.Leisurely she descended until shehad almost reached the river; thenstopped and gazed at the evening sunlight illumining everything with mellow light athwart the skies. Its transcendent beauty glistened on the treesand cast a resplendent clow uon thtriver; the waters idly kissed thebanks and danced in the light; a wateilily drifted by so quietly it seemed sphantom sight.Apprehensively she resumed heitripto her father's office.On her arrival the door stood openthe windows raised and a dead calmseemed to say that something waswrong. She ran to the pressroomand, oh! the engine had exploded. Shewas frightened and started homewhen she met the town doctor, whesaid, quietly, "Your father's foremarwas seriously injured in an explosiorand your father was killed."Alas! poor Gladys Oldfield was leftalone in the wcrld.-Three years afterwards Thomas Oldfield assisted Gladys into a car at thecar center in Lexington. They weregoing to the ball park to witness sgame between Hazel Green and Lexington.Thomas Oldfield was a brother olGlady's father, and had come into heilife rather unexpectedly. He was abachelor and had hoarded quite a fortune. His home on Broadway wasenough to be proud of.As they were purchasing their tickets for the ball game a negro bojhanded Mr. Oldfield a letter. In grealexcitement he exhibited a thousandcolors."Gladys' we must " he stopped abrutly, and tLen said: "No, here's sfriend." And he introduced DearIsom ,After Mr. Isom had agreed "to takeher to the game, Mr. Oldfield hurriedhome.He went to his library, shut himsellup and turned up the lights. After smoment's hesitation he read ths letteiagain:"Keep yerself skase, mr. Oldfields;1 heered them a plannin to kill ye."A FREN."It was written in a miserable handand he was absolutely dumbfoundedAs soon as Gladys had returned hesent for her."Little girl, if anything happens tcme, you will get my fortune," hesaid."Oh! uncle, what's wrong?" sheasked."Go away and don't asl: any questions," was his reply.The beautiful summer days werepassing unreservedly with everythingsave the growing friendship betweerIsom and Gladys.Gladys was now a very beautifu"woman; her pretty blue eyes, blaclhair and sweet face were almost angelic. Isom was so handsoms thatevery girl in Lexington was compelledto keep her heart tied. His sensitiveace, intelligent eyes ,and every-wayperfect self caused untold envy.Their friendship had culminatedinto expressed love. One day whileriding out in the country in his automobile they sealed their betrothal.One Week later Mr. Tsom rpr.mvprl aletter from "a friend in the mountains'asking him to come to the hills for ahunt. He was telling Gladys about itin the afternoon, when she suggestedthat she come to the mountains during the autumn and they be marriedthere.Within a week he was at his friend'shpme in Hazel Green. In SeptemberGladys followed.They took many rambles over thecountry and were planning for theirmarriage; he had "secured a little paper with cupid on the corner of it."One day she determined to visit herchildhood haunt, the bowl; for itxisHazel Green that the bowl peak overshadows. As she entered the bowlwho should be standing in it butDean."Oh! what are you doing here, dearDean?" she asked. ,"The pastor and I are hunting thismorning and I saw this beautiful tpotand walked in."Unceremoniously he walked up tLsside of the bowl arid pulled a bcolfrom a crevics of tuo rock."One -of my books" he gasped, andturned a leaf and saw "Gladys Oldfield" written in a hand that he v;"lknew hers."I left it here the day my fatha.was killed, and some Clio ha3 put it inthe rock," she explained, and then toldhim how she had loved the spot.He whispered something to her a3the pastor walked down into the bow!and handed the divine a slip of paper.And there Gladys Oldfield becamaDean Isom's wife.On the 13th cf October Mrs. GladysIsom became the owner of a large fortune in Lexington. Mr. Oldfield waskilled in an automobile accident.He never learned who wrote thatmysterious letter.NOISY BUTTERFLIES.One Species Produces a Sound Likethe Snap of a Whip.One does not think of butterflies asmaking any sounds, nor of caterpillarsas noisy creatures, yet according tothe late S. H. Scudder, in "Frail Children of the Air," the student will findSome use for his ears when observingthe habits of both. Says the author:"It is a fact that certain butterfliesproduce sound during certain movements. The 'whip' butterfly when surprisedmakes a noise like the snap ofa lash by opening and shutting itswings in quick succession. Some hibernating butterflies when disturbedmake a faint hissing sound by slowlydepressing and raising their wings.The noise thus produced resemblesthat made by blowing slowly throughflosed teeth. Other sounds resemblethe friction of sandpaper."KENTUCKY MINERALS.The United States geological survey in a report on the mineral resources of the United States gavesome interesting comparisons as toKentucky's mineral output for theyears 1903 and 1909.In 1909 Kentucky was eighth in theproduction of coal, as compared withother states, and was tenth in rank inthe value of coal output. The statewas second in the percentage of marline-rainedcoal.With the exception cf lime and petroleum there was a gratifying increase in the value of the output of allmineral products. Kentucky's limeindustry is small as compared withthat of other states, and the outputis fluctuating.WHY THE SPIDER WAS THERE.When Mark Twain in his early daysvas editor of a Missouri paper a superstitious subscriber wrote to himsaying that he had found a spider inhis paper and asking him whetherthat was a sign of good luck or bad.The humorist wrote him this answer:"Old Subscriber Finding a spiderin your paper was neither good lucknor bad luck for you. The spider wasmerely looking over our paper to seewhich merchant is not advertising, sothat he can go to that store, spin hisweb across the door and lead a life c:undisturbed peace ever afterward."The rumbling and groaning trainhad been toiling along toward Winchester all through a hot afternoon.The stops had been frequent, but atlast came one of unusual duration.After a tiresome interval, the conductor walked back through the mosquito-punctuatedaisles until hisglance met a sympathetic face. Hebent over the kindly-looking passenger and whispered:"Stranger, have you a bit of stringabout you? The engine's broke."AND ALL OF THEM AMERICANS.An English visitor has recently beenexpressing his wonderment at the facility "with which America assimilatesits stream of immigrants. A friendwith whom he was talking on the subject, remarked: "My housemaid is aNorwegian, my grocer a Scotchman,my butcher is a German, my druggistis a Finn, my barber an Italian, mynewsman a Jew, my laundryman isIrish, my fishmonger English, my florist Greek and my tailor Russian."One hundred and fifty-two miles ofpassages in Mammoth Cave have beenmapped.!amf!?mnfmf?roKJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!r3AV'TRE J9B R00fflS OF'THE :BHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,-' CARDS,!CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,,such as Wedding Announcements, invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest im-proved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Che&"-otir&ot!1 04 Issues a Year forr $2.0.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.MUMMms;iDLET US CURE YOU!:".MILLERSBURG ITEMS.' The foot ball team of the M. M. I..is probanly one of the best lightweightteams in the Blue Gras&, weighing ascant 135 pounds, tbey have twiceimet teams from 10 to 20 pounds moreto the man and so far their goal linehas never been crossed, a record whichvery man is trying to keep up. Thebest material for years presenteditstlf this fall and this combined withsome of the best men of last year'steam made the outlook seem especiallypromising.Just now the team is much handicapped from the lack of a coach, owing to Jthe resignation of Captain Hendersonwho had charge, but every man haspledged his best efforts and ihey intend to make this season a successfulone by themselves. The fact that theteam is captained by Cadet Gentry,one of the best players M. M. I. hasever known, is largely responsible fortheir success. He seems to managethe team more easily and be able toset more out tf the men than the average captain.McClure at center plays a fine game,always sending the ball to the rightspot and making splendid interference.The two guards, Hertel and Oldham,are always in the game and play fineball both when on the offensive anddefensive. Blackburn at tackle playsa strong game and made unusual gainsin the game with Georgetown. OfGentry, the other tackle, enough has tbeen aid to show that his playing isexcellent in every way. Kash andWiggles worth on the ends are as good.a pair as there is on the team. Their' interference is masterful and theirwork on the defense is without a par.Eenind the lines the splendid pair ofbacks, Rice and Wigglevvsorth, "arethere with the goods" in every senseof the word but their work is notsuperior to Han is at full, who plays afine game. And now last but by nomeans least, we come to the brains ofthe team, Miller, the quarterback,who at all times displays keen judgment in directing the plays and who iswonderfully quick, making sensationalgains whenever he runs with the ball.Following is the complete schedulefor the rest of the season : October 30Cynthiana at Cynthiana ; November6 T. S. S. at Nicholasville; November 25 Frankfort at Millersburg;November 30 Frankfort at Frankfort.Mrs. J. T. Jefferson is improvingslowly.Mrs. Mollie Cray, who has beenquite ill, is some better.Cadet Chenault, of the M. M. I.,WjS taken seriously ill Thursday nightwnh apppndicitis. He was taken toSt, Joseph Hospital at Lexington Friday morning by Dr.C. B. Smith andCol. C. M. Beat, where, he underwentan operation Frday afternoon by Dr.Barrow, of Lexington. He is doingnicely." Mrs E. M. Thompson was in Lexington Monday.Mr. E. B. Current, of Lexington,was here on business Saturday.Mr. Ellis Baldwin visited relativesin Maysville from Saturday till Monday. Mrs. J. C. Leer returned Fridayafter a ten days' sojourn at Martinsville, Ind.Mr. and Mrs. II. S. G. Pepper attended the funeral of Mrs. Daniels atharis Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Mason and son,Mr. Thos. Mason, are visiting relatives in Mason county.Mrs. Rule, of Cincinnati, is theguest of her nieces. Mesdames Margaret Powell and G. M. Hill.Mr. J. G. Lynch, county manager ofthe Bourbon Home Telephone Co., washero on business yesterday.Mr. and Mrs. K. B. Hutchings, ofLexington, arrived Thursday as guestsof her mother, Mrs. Belle Taylor.Miss Bessie Purnell, of Paris, wasthe guest of her mother, Mrs. MattiePurnell at M. M. I. from Saturday tillMonday.The lady members of the M. F. C.faculty constituted an automobileparty which took in quite a number JofKentucky towns Saturday.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Sheeler areguests of their son and daughter, Mr.and Mrs. William Sheeler, at Ford,'from Saturday until Monday.Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Shrout returnedThursday from their bridal trip to thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.H. Carpenter, and left Monday fortheir home at Owingsville.Dr. F. W. Troyof the' First Christian church, attended the brotherhoodmeeting of the church at LexingtonFriday and banquet at the PhoenixHotel Friday night.Protracted meeting began at thePrebsytreian church Sunday morning.It will be conducted through the weekby the pastor, Rev. R. S. Sanders.Services every evening at 7 :15 o'clock.The Sunday cahool of the Christianchurch will entertain the members ofthe congregation with a Hallowe'enparty tonight in the rooms over InglesBros.' store, recently vacated by T.T. Bentley and family.The iaculty and students of theMillerbsurg Female College weretreated to quite a surprise during thechapel exercises yenterday morningwhen Mrs. H. II. Phillips, of Winchester, on behalf of Mri. S. D. TrueheRrt,of Nashville, Tenn., presented theinstitution with a handsome book casocontaining a rare selection of booksfrom Mrs. Trueheart'a library. Amongthe number are two illustrated volumesof Shakespeare, which are highly valued. A number of rare geological specimens were included in the gift. Mrfl.Trueheart was formerly lady principalof this institution and since giving upthat position to accept the presidencyof the National Board of Missions ofthe Methodist church has manifestedgreat interest in the welfare of theCollege. A life size portrait of Mrs.Trueheart which now hangs in thechapel was unveiled on alumni cjay,during the commencement last yearto perpetuate her name in the institution. Vice President G. C. Fisher, 'of theM. F. C. was the guest of his brother,Mr. C. C. Fisher, Jr., at KentuckyWesleyan College at Winchester lastweek.I will give a nice rocking chair forthe best ten ears of corn, any color,the corn to be on display at my store.Preimum to be awarded December 1.JOEL W. MOCK.There will be a recital in the M. F.C. chapel Saturday night by the pupilsin music and Mrs. Walker's clas ofexpression. Please bear in mind thatthe date is Saturday fnight instead ofFriday night as was first announced.Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Craig and littledaughter, McLona, of Mt. Olivet,were guests of their brother and sister, Mr. and Mrs. Aaron McConnell,Saturday and Sunday. They wereaccompanied home by their sister,Miss Margaret McConnell, after a twoweeks' visit here.THEATRICAL.Notice to Shippers oS InterurbanLines.Work on the new freight and passenger station will beign on November 1,and necessitates temporary quarterswhich will be until '.further notice inthe old postoffice' bulding on Fifthstreet. Shippers are requested to deliver and call for all freight at thatpoint on arrival of freight car which isdue at 9 :30 a. m. daily except Sunday.Both phones 309KY. TRACTION & TERMINAL CO.31 6t J. L. Bottom, Agent.Cut Flowers.TCut flowers on short notice. None butfresh healthy stcck furnished. Phoneus your oiderJO VARDEN.IEvery Day is BargainDay at Our StoreIFALL AJNDWINTERFOOTWEAR FASHIOur New and "Distinctly Different" Line of Fall ShoesRepresent the pick of the product of the best and most recognizedShoe Makers of National reputation. When you buy of us you canrest assured that no model, unless conforming in every particular tothe accepted smart styles, can find a place on our shelves. We invite you to call and inspect them, comparing our low prices in comparison to what you have to pay at other stores for like quality.This is the Right Time to Buy Rubber FootwearDon't be caught on a rainy day without proper protection to yourfeet. We are headquarters for everything in Rubber Footwear,which we retail at wholesale prices. Our low prices are the talk of ,the town : : : : ::::::; Eor Style, Fit, Comfort and QualityThe Walk-Over 'Shoe!9 &!3Lt&P5,:Are unequaled. We have them inall the latest new toes in Tans, Patents,Gun Metal and Box Calf. Try them.DAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.u"LITTLE MISS FIX-IT."Tho real important theatrical eventof tho ueason is on at the LexingtonOprea House tonight. Eva Tanguay,recognized as the highest salariedvaudeville star of international importance, is appearing in tho latest musicul ffniuty "Little Miss Fix-It."' withall its excellence of cast and elaboratestage setting that was seen for threemonths in New York Citv and for theentire summer pa3t in Chicago.About once in a decade, a new musical play comes around so full of"catchy" songs and witty dialoguethat everybody declares it the "bestthing of the sort." Such a piece according to the verdict of the westernand eastern metropolis, is "Little MissFix-It" in which the famous EvaTanguay has scored the hit of hercareer.This attraction glories in twor atherextraordinary novelties. The first isMiss Tanguay 's specialty that will bepresented in its entirety, the fsame asis seen in every important city in theUnited States, and for fwhich she 'receives the enormous salary of $3,500weekly. There will be no matineethis afternoon as has been previouslyadvertised.Fresh Oysters and Celery.We have fresh oysters, celery, headlettuce and all kinds of fruit at alltimes.C. F. COOK.Mrs. Mark's Will Probated.The. will or Mrs. Sena Mark wasprboated in the county court Thursday.The will provides for the paymentoi the oust debts and funeral expensesof the deceased. Mrs. Mark leaves theresidence of the estate, consisting oftwo houses and lots on Mt. Airyavenue and all of her personal property to her two daughters, Mrs. Jas.Rye, of this city, and Mrs. MarthaCrump, of Nicholas ounty. JudgeDenis Dundon appointed Mr. JamesRye as administrator of the estate.MeHsrs. W. H. H. Johnson, L. B. Purnell and James Daugherty were theappraisers of the estate.Up-to Date Billiard Hall.Follow the crowds to Mann's Billiard Hall. 15 tfSeeks to Recover Child.Habeas corpus proceedings againstFrank Bedford, a prominent Bourbonfarmer, instituted by Henry Hamilton, of this county, to recover his childadopted by Mr. Bedford from the Orphans' Home at Louisville, will comeup for a hearing in the county courtthis morning.In his petition Hamilton alleges Bedford is not a suitable person to carefor the child, which four years agowas trusted to the care of the orphanage. Soon afterwards Mr. Bedfordadopted the child which has since beenunder his care.Talbott & Whitley will representMr. Bedford in the trial of the casethis morning. Attorneys Hutchcraftand Williams will represent Mr.Hamilton while Hon. E. M. Dicksonhas beer retained by the officials ofthe Oiphans' Home.New Harness Store.Call in and let us quote you priceson harness, lap robes and everythingin our line. Bring us your repairwork.GRINNAN & COLLINS.31 3t Opposite court house.JDEATHS.Mrs. Eliza H. Daniel, aged 58years, died at her home,"New Forest,"near this city on the Maysville pikeSaturday afternoon after a long illness of tuberculosis.Mrs. Daniel was the widow of C. J.Daniel, who died May 1, 1910. sincewhich time her health has rapidly declined. She is survived by three children, Miss Sallie Daniel and Messrs.Woodford C. and Holt Daniel, all ofwhom were at the bedside of theirmother when the end came. She isalso survived byr a brother, Mr. Hildreth Prather, of Montgomery county.The funeral services were held at theresidence Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clockand were conducted by Elder J. T.Sharrard. Burial was in the Pariscemetery. The pall-bearers wereMessrs. Sidney G. Clay, James McClure, U. S. G Pepper, J. H. Haggard, Charles Ball and Goo. W. WyattSr.Mr. William Henry Selected.The selection of a young man to beeducated for the ministry by the Bibleclass of Mrs. Carey E. Morgan, whichhas been in contemplation for sometime, was made Sunday when it wasdecided to bestow tha honor on Mr.Wm. Henry, of this coanty. Mr. Henry is about twenty years of age andunited with the Christian church aboutsix months ago. He entered Transylvania University yesterday. ggggStole Automobile.Fred Cooper and Louis Barlow, ofCarlisle, arrested in this city Saturdayby Patrolman Chas. Thomas, weretaken back to that city yesterday byChief of Police J. H. Myers tc face acharge of grand larceny Jenteredagainst them by Wm. Cooper, of thatcity.Fred Cooper and Barlow came toParis Saturday in company with another man, who is said to hive engagedthem to bring him to Paris in an automobile. When the party arrived inthis city and after coming through thebridge on East Main the driver ranthe machine into the jail wall.A telephone message to the officialshere caused the arrest 'of Cooper andBarlow, who it is alleged stole themachine and came to Paris. In thecollision the front axle was bent, thefender broken and the automobiledamaged to a great extent otherwise.Corn for Sale. '53 Seven hundred shockB of corn forsale. Good feed lot. Apply to unders'gned. WALKER NELSON,Phone 2029. Route , Pari?, Ky.ResolutionsAdopted by a rising vote of the congregation of the First PresbyterianChurch of Paris, Ky., Oct. 22, 1911:Inasmuch as our faithful friend andco-laborer, Mrs. Anna E. Massie, hasdeparted this life and gone to her eternal reward in heaven, therefore, be itResolved, that we, the congregationof this church assembled, express ourgreat sorrow in that we shall see herface no more and be no more associatedwith her in thework and service ofour Master on earth; and that we havesustained a great loss in the death ofthis beloved sister, who was so devotedto the church and kingdom of her dearLord, and who manifested that devotion by her faithful attendance uponthe public services of the church, herthoughtful attention to the convenienceand attractiveness of its house of worshipper substantial support of its work,and by the large and generous bequestsshe made to her local church, and tothe general beneyolent work of theAssembly. For all of which thischurch desires to express its gratefulappreciation, its sincere and prayerfulinterest in her only child, Mr. WilliamC. Massie, and to acknowledge its profound thanks to God for his constraining love, which is over and in us all.Be it furtherResolved, That a copy of this resolution be given to the pi ess for publication, and that a copy be furnished theson ot our deceased friend.ResolutionsAdopted by a rising vote of the Presbyterian Church, of Paris. Kv., Oct.22. 1911.Inasmuch as our devoted brother andassociate in the work and Kingdom ofour God, Mr. Robert J. Neely, has departed this life and gone to"his eternalrest in heaven, therefore, be itResolved, That we, the congregationof this church assembled, express ourgreat sorrow in that which we shall seehim no more and no more be "laborerstogether" in His Kingdom on earth, andthat we have sustained a great loss inthe death of this beloved brother, wholoved his church, and who gave expression to that love in his attendance uponits public worship, his loyalty apd devotion to its pastors, his deep interestin all that pertained to its welfare, andhis. generous gifts and bequest he madeto its support and work. For whichthis congregation desires to express itsgrateful appreciation, with the full assurance of its tender love and prayerfulsympathy for his beloved wife, who remains with us as our faithful and substantial friend and helper. Be it fuither Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be given to the press for publication, and that a copy be furnishedthe family of our deceased friend.ResolutionsAdopted by a rising vote of the congregation of the First PresbyterianChurch of Paris. Ky., Oct. 22, 1911:Whereas, In the all-wise providenceof God, the Rev. Henry Martyn Scudder, D. D., of Carlisle, Ky., was calleito his eternal reward in glory, on thethirtieth day of September, 1911, 'and,Whereas, He was easily one of themost prominent and influential ministersof our Synod, if not our whole church,and he was the beloved and reveredpastor of two of our near neighborchurches for a whole half century, anda most valued and trusted friend andadvisor of many of our choicest andmost substantial members, and a wise,loving and confidential friend of ourpastors through all these years. Therefore, be itResolved,. That we deem it highlproper that we, the congregation ofthis church, express our deep sorrow inthe death of this great man and fatherin Israel : that we are keenly consciousof having lost an able, influential, wiseand sympathetic friend, and that wedesire to convey to the nearer friendsand loved ones of this beloved man, theassurance that we share with them inthis their irreparable loss, also our tender sympathy and love to his beloveddaughter and grandson, who survive.Be it furtherResolved, That a copy of this resolution be given to the press for publication, and that a copy be furnished thefamily of our deceased friend.Barnett Drafted.A blow to Paris fandom was struckyesterday when President Bacon announced that John Barnett, the initialsacker of the Paris club had beendrafted by the Prestonburg club of theWest Virginia League, a class C.organization. Barnett has been amember of the Paris club for threeyears and played an important part inthe winning of two pennants. Whilahis friends here are glad he is takinga step upward it is felt that his position at first on the Paris team willhe a hard one to fill.Planning Rally.The missionary societies of the various churches are planning to have aUnion Missionary Rally on November17 at the Methodist church.Bold Thief Raids Corn Crib.After breaking the lock on a corncrib in the barn of M. J. Murphy ondast High street Sunday night a bcldthief made away with several sacks ofcorn, and in an effort to catch thethief Mr. Murphy called on Capt. V.K. Mullikin, of Lexington, who cameever with his bloodnounds, but thedops failed to catch the criminal.For several weeks Mr. Murphy hasbeen missing corn from his crib, andis of the opinion the thief or thieves inthat length of time have stolen upwards of forty bushels of the grain.Patrol or an Link, who about a weekago was successful in capturing twonegroes who had been taking feedfrom the stabe of J. U. Boardman.Jhasbeen keeping a close watch around thepremises of Mr. Murphy, but Sundaynight illness prevented his going enduty.Capt. Mullikin, Kith his two hounds,arrived here yesterday morning on the9 o'clock car and took the dogs to thescene of the robbery. The dogs tooka trail which led from stable throughthe open lot adjoining the city hall andto the old rock quarry in the rear ofthe residence of Mrs. Lizzie Walker,across the lot adjoining to a point nearthe Overby tobacco barn where thetrail was lost.FOR RENT.Modern cottage on Higgins avenue.Fiv.e rooms and Lath, water and gas.Apply to undersigned.28 3t JOHN "PETE" CAIN.TQFMSff?fwj( A& ItN-N JkiTArTv "sa "zm.o7, r5fe - IB:ssYOU WINF YOU HAVECopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.ANKCCOUNTAVING a fortune is like anything else in life. If youJ keep after it. The prize is worth while and the train-ing you attain while you are saying money will give youthe endurance to keep it. Enter the race to-day.Start a bank account.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. ISurplus $30,000Capital $100,000'frI. J.T.HINT0N,S PARIS, KENTUCKY f! FUNERAL DIRECTOR ANDEMBALMER !Ambulance Service Fumigating 1Best Equipped Establishment in Central KentuckyBOTH PHONES Day 38NIGHT PHONESOld 56 or 22New 65, 22 or 2SGV$ ?Pv-frfrfr$V..