',"- -.-.. rAr 'J " --Fliin. -' ;.-w5vj. - ..k' WMH1' v 'EI'aT" 'V Ntj. v wr 'r:r - v.v ,4-.,"f .-.PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FBIDAY IN THE YEAB.VOLUME XXX.N PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1911.NUMBER 3JL1 K.- JMHM'M m iHIBSHB Hi K v.Mtr B. m iruirBOURBONnInsure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYMidi Howard.Government Building HearingCompletion.The Government Building which Jhasbeon under construction for severalmonths, is rapidly nearing completion.Interior workmen have been engagedduring the past week in setting thetiling, plastering and ""putting on thefinishing touches. All that remainsnow to be done is the plumbing work,which will require some time to complete the heavy steam heating apparatus having been installed and is inworking order. Architect Driscoll.whohas been superintending the construction of the building hopes to haveeverything in readiness to turn thebuilding over J"to the government bythe first of February. The work oflaying concrete around the buildingand beautifying the grounds will bepostponed until warmei weather.Educational Figures.The Kentucky Department of Education has issued the fourth officialbulletin containing much informationconcerning the schools. The compensation of County Superintendents varies from 1,500 paid by half a dozencountierf down to $400 paid by Powelland two other counties. The pay ofCity Superintendents of cities of thefourth claBs varies from $1,800 in Ashland and Pari3 to $1,000 in Pinevilleand Georgetown. The number ofteachers in cities cf this class rangefrom 37 in Ashland to 8 in Russelville.aa&.kM4ft n it vcc saI save me umerence.I Start Eight in 1911. 1- - )fJs Pay the Cash for Your Goods and $S Get Out of the Credit Habit. 1W Notice these Prices, Thent look at lour rwu vjStandard Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00jfe 2 Cans Elephant Corn.. 15c WJ 3 Cans Baby Bunting Corn 25c& Pride of Illinois Corn 10cft 2 Cans 3 lb. Standard Tomatoes 'J I..., 15cAsparagus Tips, Libby's, per can 25c SWW Asparagus, Libby's, per can 25c yfjg 3 Bars Lenox Soap 10cJ 3 Boxes Matches. 10c jf$ Arbuckle's Coffee, 2 lbs . 45c $W Old Reliable Coffe, per lb 25c jW SJJ The Grocery Store of Quality.$j T. C. LEN1HAN, Prop. J& Both Phones 234 lVI&wwArrested of Attempted Assault.Dick Bentley, the negro suspectedof the attempted assault on Miss EthelWarren in Liwrenceburg last Mondayevening, as she was returning to herhome was arrested in Shelbyville Friday.Miss Warren, after her j narrowescape from the man, ran to the borneof H. C. Ripy, who started for thesrene and thought he recognized Jaentley as a person he passed coming toward town. Coming on down townand going into a saloon he saw Bentley, who hunied out and escaped, perhaps thinking that he was beingsought.One of the polica officers of thp tDwnsays that he passed this same mannear his home in the southern part ofthe city a short time after the crime,but at the time knew nothing of theattempted assault.Miss Wnrrpn. the victim, claims Mohave bitten her assailant on the bandwhen he attempted to smother hercries, and the news from ShelbyvUleis that Bentley is bitten through thefore finger of the right hand.Officials from Lawrenceburg went toShelbyville Friday night and took!,nrrn nf Un nnennor whn WaS de-livered to the jailer in Louisville for jfsafe keeping, un tne iram u-muutcfrom Shelbyville to Louisville a brieftrial was held by the officials of Anderson county and the evidence in thehurried examination uithe negro wasdeemed sufficient to hold the prisoner.His examining trial .will be heiu onJanuary 14. Bentley claims he canprove an alibi.Dr. Gardner Selected.(invornnr Wilsnn Saturday anpointedDr. Thomas W. Gardner as a memberof the State Board of Control of Charitable institutions for a four year Jennto succeed himself. Before becominga member ot the Board of Control XL?r.Gaidner wa3 connected with ithcEabtern Asylum at' Hopkinsville."Noble" Turns Out to be Miller."Bad Jake" Moble, the Breathittcounty outlaw, is still at laige. but bvreason of the arrest at Williamson, W.,Va., of a man supposea to be Noble,Rrpathitt countv nevertheless comesinto possession of another man whowas wanted at Jackson on a charge ofmurder. .Sheriff Hudson, of BreathiU, arrivedin Williamson last week and identifiedf-hp rnnn under arrest as E. G. Miller,who, it is alleged, killed John Bush,three years ago and later escaped fromthe jail at Jackson. He was surrendered to the Kentucky authorities.Favor Woman Suffrage.A majority of the members of theKentucky Press Association went onrecord, just ibefore , the adjounur.a, tof the mid-winter meeting at Loqville, as favroing 'woman suffrage inso far as the privilege of Iranchisemay be exercised on matters partaining to schools and education. No formal action was taken, but the Editors;frn.mQnw rWlarnd th2t they woldadvocate "extension of the franchise towomen of the State to vote for schooltruees.FeebleMinded Institute a ModelState Inspector and Examiner McKenzie Todd, in his report to Governor Wilson, points out the KentuckyInstitute for Feeble Minded of thiscity as a model school and home forweakminded children. He commentsfavorably on the Department of Domestic Science. He also speaks favorably of the Manual Training Department and the kindergarten. Toddsays that in the Educational Department the children are well instructedin reading, wriHrg, arithmetic, spelling, simple history, geography naturestudy and physical culture.uUu B MMaBMuHH.WTOGARDSvThe most luxurious accessory in existance. Little soft stocking protectors foreverybody. Fit snugly over the forepart of the bare foot, underneath thestocking. Will positively prevent thesheerest socks or stockings from wearing through at the toes.Price 1 Oc per pair..We have a full line of very handsome silk stockings for the ladies at75c per pair.XIMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."mmwwwmMwmmwMMmmMQErKirmwmiiiujuiTmruiMimiimimiiiinm1 FRANK & CO., !The Ladies' Store. i aiJflSaXgMKffifetigisss-rxs;36CLEARING SALE!OF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commence Saturday, Jan. 7?feH51!$1W&TJy-w.$mtfetsfe Suits and Overcoats sold at S30, nowm'4m$24.75Suits and Overcoats sold at $25) now$19.50Suits and Overcoats sold at 27.50 and$28, now$21. SO. 'iij crr 1 O-i o&U1LS ana uvercoaxs soia at gu unu ?o,Suits and Overcoats sold at ?22.50. now1 75 M3'iSKNow $15 Wb. mSuits and Overcoats sold at $15 and gm&S16. now n$12.50Announce TheirMi7.1K ji ...w.u. at-M. j.va.iiasa.tolU.aJliitoKAftitotJiaKfl.tt4 vSrecial Prices on Boys' Suits and Overcoats.50 pairs Men's and Young Men's All-Wool Pants, sold from 1.50 to $3.50, W&choice $1.00. glHeavv Fleeca Underwear 38c. worth 50c.PRICE & CO. Clothiers.Annual JanuaryClearance SaleAndSpecial Sale of MuslinUnderwear to BeginSaturday, Jan. 1 4th,EndingSaturday, Jan. 21st."Come in and get your share of the4. Big' Bargains.FRANK & CO.mmSiiiiiimniiUHiiiiinitttMttiMiiiiiiiiiiMiuninuimimiHmHiHtiiHrmriirHrmtw3PV( PW K ( B W Wi. i..T '."""4BW...I.B..W.Wg(JJJJJJJ wf iit-Sr-rikmTHlvIEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JAN. 10, 19.11:I Dellit BallB Wins No. 994 8There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theJfettleton Shoeywhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.Geo. M cWillarns,The Shoe Man.THE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES. 124. (NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and OwnerEntered at tho Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as SeconcUclaas Mail Matter.- - - - - - - - i ' "Established in 1881 19 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$-:.oo jPayable inSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00MustNot PolluteStreams.RunningssNOW OPEN !Crystal Ice Cream ParlorUnder the new management is nowready for business. A full line ofCigars, Cigarettes, Tobaccos, Fruitsand Soft Drinks may be had.Your Patronage Kindly Solicited.B. K. Adair.You Don't Needcettip aTheFeeding slop to cattle must be soregulated by the distilleries that noneof the pollution can run into a streamof even the smallest size, providedthat creek finally reaches a river orother straam from which water istaken for drinking purposes. TheState Board of Health has declared therunning of pollution from cattle pensinto a runningjstream a nuiaancej andordered ita abatement.2 Dr. H. S. Keller and Dr. John G.South, of Frankofrt, members of theState Board of Health were appointeda committee to determine how long atime constitutes a 'reasonable" timein which the rules of the State JBoardmust be complied with. These twophysicians will fix a time limit inwhich the distilleries must complywith the law. IEvery distillery in the State, exceptthose which are not feeding slop and afew which, are feeding according tothe health regulations, are affected bythe order. The .Kentucky Distilleriesand Warehouse Company is fightingthe order. The committee from theState Board will employ attorneys andtake such steps as may be necessary to (enforce tne orders of the State Board. 'Blackburn May Enter Race.Among State politicians there is arumor afloat to the effect that erelong the lion. Jo C. S. Blackburn willshy his caster in the ring as a candidate for the Democratic nominationfor the United States Senate to succeed his former adversary, SenatorThomas H. Paynter.While nothing has bean heard fromthe Sage of Woodford upon this question the report that he will be a candidate is nevertheless prevalent in political circles and is fgradually leakingout from private sources.It is said that pressure has beenbrought upon him in the past fewweeks to become a candidate, with theassurance that ha would triumph ineasy fashion o.cr James, Paynter andthe other announced candidates.Blackburn would ba a factor ineither primary or caucus, and his entrymight serve to change the presentstatus of things in the Senatorialaffray.Ex-Congressman Dave II. Smith, ofHodgenville, Larue county, is alsomentioned as aprobable candidate forthe Senatorial honor. It has beenknown lor some time that Mr. Smithhas been considering the matter of becoming a candidate and it is expectedhis announcement will shortly beforthcoming.vCook Book in order tonice dinner or luncheon.youngest, and most inexperienced housekeeper can obtainat this grocery everything f r adinner from soup to desert, noarticle of which will requireexpert knowledge or lone timeto prepare. Take a look at ourcanned goods and fancy groceries. They are wouderful helpsto j'oung housekeepers.; Bank is Reorganized.At a meeting last week in Lexingtonof the old and new stockholders of .thedefunct bank of Kentucky a new organiaztion was effected. A new Boardof Directors was v elected and officerschosen preparatory to reopening thebank. Altogether 744 share? of oldstock '"ere represented, indicating thereorganization movement was favoredby a majority of the old stockholders.C. W. Bell, State Insurance Commissioner, was elected president and JohnB. Gorham secretary.Combs Resigns to Return Home.BALDWIN BROS.Two 3ig Sto: es, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOOKSThat "do not a prison make'are no- she kind we keep. Ou;locks, bolts, etc., are toe kindthat stay locked and bolted.The7 are not toys, but arestrons and adequate for the.protection they are5Announced Candidates for Democratic Nomination.iThe following is a complete list thusfar of those who are announced candidates for Democratic nominations tovarious State officers at the comingelection :Governor Jas. U. McCreary, ofMadison county; Ben Johnson, of Nelson county ;JJohn K. Hendrick, of McCracken county ; William Adams, ofHarrison county ; and BW. O. Head, ofLouisville.Lieutenant Governor Jas. P. Edwards, of Louisville.Auditor Ruby Laffoon, of Hopkinscounty; Henry S. Bcsworth.of Fayettecounty ; ..Frank P. Hager, ot Boyle Leslie Cobms has tendered his rcsig-cuunty. 'nation to the President as Minister toTreasurer Jos. C. Van Meter, of pGru. For some time Mr. (Jimiis has(Lexington. i desired to relinauish his nost and re-Attorney General Walker C. 'Hall, turn to his home in Kentucky,of Covington; James Ltiarnett, of. His resignation has been accepted,Columbia; M. M. Logan, or Browns- and w;ii take effect unon the ciualifica-in n nnrt ii i-i i'n on xt . gpironnTHC UUU J A. A. U1IU1U, U. VUkllUVW.Superintendent of Public InstructionMiss Nannie Catlett, of Princeton:Barksdaie Hamlett, of Hopkinsville:L. C. Littrtll, of Owenton, and W. E.Eubank, of Lexington.Secretary of State G. B. Likens,of Ohio county ; Jas. E. Stone, cfBreckinridge county, and J. F. Crecelius, of Pendleton county.Clerk of Court of Appeals YVocd-son May. of Somerset, and K. B. ! -Green, of Frankfort. v Knowledge la Power.Commifesioner of Agiiculture-T. J. i Knowledge is power, but the manWyatt, of Logan county ; B. F. Hill, ho said it first never found when heof Owen county, and J. W. Newman, -was seven miles from home that thereof Versailles. i was no more gasoline in the tank.ij.intended tomtassume. Come and get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.LOWRY & TALBOTTParis KZexxt"o.c3s.vt tion of his successor, which probablywill be late in April.Mr. Combs has been in the diplomatic service since 1902, when he wasappointed to Guatemala and Honduras.Four vears later he was transferred tothe po3t at Peru.Minister Combs will be succeeded byJudge H. Clay Howard, of Paris, asMinister to Prru.V'X',4&$:3Bourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4 Office Opp. rostofhee.i-j.JV jBaaaaaiWeather Forecast for January.On the 12th changes to colder willprevail. From the 14th to the 19th astorm wave will be in transit in thecifferent sections of the conntry till its jforce is exhausted in the East, reach- jing the Atlantic. The storm wave de- jnotes a paroxysm of storms following 'each other during the period. Rain 'and snow w ill prevail in the differentsections according to the temperature.A much intensified cold wave will follow the storm. On the 22nd, 23rd and24th the weather will advance to warmer, resulting in cloudiness, then to jrain and snow. This disturbed spellwill lead to a prolonged period of verydisagreeable weather reaching to theend ot the month. A storm wave ofI much vigor will formulate in the suthj west about the 24th or 25th of themonth and be on transit to the 30th.I 'this storm denctes the most .intense! storms of any of the month or thei most destructive of the winter. Rain,snow and sleet, driven by a fierce windfrom the northwest, equal to a blizzaid, will prevail. Telegraph andtelephone wires and poles in manyplaces will suffer much from thisstnrm, and also timber and shrubberywill be covered with ice in manyplaces. The cold wave following thestorm on or touching ;the 1st of February will reach far into the south.Why Business Lags.Gloomy Party I bought a revolverfrom you yesterday. I wish you'dtake it back. I've changed my mind.Fllegende Blaetter.Sample HelpsFrail WomenA P riicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Parity Kentucky.Fifty-Seven Lynchings LastYear,Only fifty-seven lynchings were recorded in the United States in 1910, amuch smaller number than in almostany previous ypar in the last sixteen.In 1909 the total was seventy, and fin1908 it was sixty-five.All but five of the fifty-seven casesof lynchings in 1910 were.negroes, andten of these cases were those in ;whichthe charge against the victim was theassault on white women or girls. Ineleven of Jthe remaining number thecharge fwas attempted criminal assault. In the five cases of whits men,four were for murder and the otheraiding and abetting in a jail delivery.Several of the cases in which negroeswere lynched, were based UDon'theI murder ot alleged murder, of white'women in which the question of assault is implied.So many women are dragging outweary lives just because their digestive organs are weak. The result ispoor circulation, nervousness and theverge of invalidism. It is often veryunnecessary and the woman's ownfault.The first thing to do is to look to thewelfare of your bowels. There tho trouble usually lies. All physicians knowthat a large percentage of women arehabitually constipated, and from this results indigestion, piles, weariness, etc.,that women constantly complain of..But there is no use taking "female remedies" and things of that kind until younave started your bowels to moving.You -will find that when the bowels moveregularly once or twice a day all yourpetty ills will disappear. Take a good,mild laxative tonic like Dr. Caldwell'sSyrup Pepsin for awhile and you willfind yourself rapidly eettinsr better andJ stronger, your bowels will regulate themselves ana woric at stated times, andthen your headaches and dizziness willdisappear. Don't take strong catharticpills or salts, but just such a mild andpleasant-tasting remedy as Dr. Caldwell'ssyrup rcpsm.i You can obtain a bottle of your druggist for fifty cents or one dollar, andeithpr size may be enough to permanently cure you. Thousands of womenkeep it regularly In the- house and willno longer be without It, as It cured themand can be used with safety by everymember of the family, down to thayoungest child, but if you have neverused it take the advice of Mrs. Earl -8.Cox. 409 Twentv-fifth street. Mollne, HI..and Mrs. Ellen Dungan, Muncle, Ind., andsend to Dr. Caldwell for a free trial bottle, aa they did. and learn for yourselfwhat it will do in your own case. Thatit will cure you. as it did them, there Isno doubt.Dr. Caldwell personally will be pleasedto give you any medical advice you maydesire for yourself or family pertaining tothe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelytrpf of rharge. Explain your case in aletter and he will reply to you h detail.For the free sample simply send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For either request the doctor'saddress is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.BfCaldtwsH building, MonUceUo, m.The Tenderfoot FarmerIt was oe of thce experissMtsl farmers, whs put freestspectacles on his cow aad led her shaviags. His tassrrwas that it didn't natter what the 'cow ate so loaf m shewas fed. The questions of digestioa aad aourishaieat has!not entered into his calculations.It's only a "tenderfoot" farmer that would try sackan experiment with a cow. But many a farmer cads Ami-self regardless of digestion and nutrition. He might almost as well eat shavings for all the good he gets out of his food. The result is that the stomachgrows "weak" the action of the organs of digestion and nutrition are impairss!and the man suffers the miseries of dyspepsia and the agonies of nervoasacsa.To strengthen the Btmmach, restore the activity mt the rfans ot 4i&estiom and nutrition and arace mp the aerves,use Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. Mt is am arfalling remedy, and has the confidence of physicians amwell as the praise ot thousands healed by its use.f In the strictest sense "Golden Medical Discovery" a temperance sae4t.cine. It contains neither intoxicants nor narcotics, and is as free froni alcoholas from opium, cocaine and other dangerous drugs. All ingredients printed aaits outside wrapper.Don't let a dealer delude you for his own profit. There is no medicine forstomach, liver and blood "just as good" as "Golden Medical Discovery."SSSSQteSStfaxSaSSiS)1msz2&&ss&)Sfvr'VR fi wmwmmHffmim--sgi v?r'nmm!WrTmmmmr&AH the talking we can do in favor of JFOX RIDGE-will! not convince you of its superior naaHEOquality half so rapidly as a fe&fjjV eamnl irmrf-W. C. DODSON,PARIS, KY.GteSSaXfeeCss):ftPCrsjgaijOhas, S. Brent & Bro.DEALERS INHempField SeedsBlue Grass SeedBoth 'Phones 14.PARIS,KENTUCKY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCOSPORATED' T-kt rnlinVvln -! i-w-vl -.- n -...-.? .? T..i.1 ltLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown LittleIRock anrlRuddles Mills.' "When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone Co.Incorporated.l DA VI1 1SALEjISE3fine;fursATI LOWENTHAL'SIf The Largest Stock in the City to Select From.s... Repairing and remodeling at reasonable prices.M. LOWENTHAL, furrier,Lexington, Kentucky.Fayette Phone 687-YJHOBBMBIIIJmmmmmmmsWATV 'i . vXf .4""")' 1"r1 -L-- s. -VK .THE BOURBOS! NEW?, "PARISpKENTUCKY, JAN. 10, 1911.A 'rA r x 1CfcanfrnfmnnnnfigJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!SsraTRE -J9B R90WS OFTHENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as5ILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,ATALOGPOSTERS,and, n fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,&c, &c.Let us figure with you onon your next work.Our facilities are the best, havingjust installed one of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see itwork.ur type is new and modernfaces.HIS EDITORIAL POLICY.Mark Twain Made a Clean Breast ofIt to His Readers.Mark Twain took the editorial cliairI ou the Buffalo Express in August,1SC9, md this is the paragraph inwhich he made the readers acquaintedwith his new responsibility:"I only wish to assure parties having a friendly interest in the prosperityof this journal that I am not going tohurt the paper deliberately and intentionally at any time. 1 am not goingto introduce any startling reform orScott's Emulsionis a wonderful food-medicinefor all ages of mankind. It will make thedelicate.sickly baby strongand well will give theoalc, anemic irl rosyin any way attempt to make trouble, jI am simply going to do my plain, uu- j cheeks and rich, red blood.It will put flesh on thebones of the tired, overworked, thin man, andwill keep the aged -manmisconduct, except when committed by ,..nnv)n ;n rrnr1irinn tothe party inhabiting my own vest. 1 ' 01 Oman 111 COnCllUOl! IOpretending duty when I cannot getout of it. I shall work diligently andhonestly and faithfully at all times and.upon all occasions when priva'tion andwant shall compel me to do so. Inwriting 1 shall always confine myselfto the truth, except when it is attended with inconvenience. I shall withering! v rebuke all forms of crime and ishall not make any use of slang or, f rnA or nnPlimOniavulgarity upon any occasion or in any j 1CSISI CUlClb Ur pilLUlllUIlld.circumstances and snail never usenrofanitv except in discussing housein the winter.- - -4 amiSTOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanMieabieRange!S If?I ' -I1".. i.s$vv---And Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-madeTOP. SALE UY ALL DRUGGISTSthe Bourbon news,104 issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.7miiimiiimi&rent and taxes. Indeed, upon secondthought. 1 will not even then, for it isinelegant. un-Christian and degrading, jI Shall not Often meddle With politics, Oond ICc., nsme of paper end this ad. for ourbeau. have a political editor who SSSSSfJSS""'is already excdkmt .and only needs aterm m the penitentiary to bo perfect.I shall not write any poetry unless I Iconceive a spite against the subscribers.'TWO WORDS DEFINED.Difference Between a Sanitarium anda Sanatorium.Thu vi-oiN "sanitarium"" and "sanatorium" aio popularly understood tohave the same meaning and are generally used interchangeably when designating or describing places of refuge for sick people, but there is, infact, quite a distinction between the jmeaning of the two words. Jn answerto a correspondent on this subject theLiterary Digest says: One"The distinction between these words ilies in the fact that thoy are derived Shapes That Wc Are SllOWing. ,from two different Latin roots 'Sail- v d t j , d t 'atorium' is demed lrom the late Latin ' J l .sanatorius. meaning health givinir. The If YOU are looking ior Hie ;term relates specially to 'an institution - Hat you'll find it in our pros-;for treatment of disease or care of in- ' ent handsome display of smart 'valid-, especially an establishment em- millineryploving natural therapeutic agents or j ,,r , -, , tv ,conditions peculiar to the loli.y or; , e h'G fXtra efforts,some specilic treatment or treating this season to reach the idea ofparticular diseases. On the other j every woman and feel confidenthand, 'sanitarium is derived from the nf Vnnr snminncr . sniisfaritorvw - ---. - ., --..-,- - ,purchase here.rivPtedStove Pipe and allkinds of Cooking TJtensials.Give Me aUnal.King Redmon.iMain Street,Paris, Ky.is5:M ui i - - :Baldwin Packing Co., g2CT,Zi"TheiModelfPacking Plant,""2" "Respectfully solicitsjyour patronage.of the Many PopularLatin sanitas. from sann. meaning iwhole or sound. 'Sanitarium' relatesmore specifically to 'a place where the ,hygienic conditions are preservative ofhealth as distinguished from onewhore therapeutic agencies are employed.' Hence it is the province ofa 'sanitarium' to preserve health, thatof a 'sanatorium' to restore it. Care jshould be exercised in comhinintr the 'proper vowels in these two words in ;order to indicate correctly the deriva- ,tion." !Mrs. Cornc Watson Baird.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,iAH pork products preparedjunder themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all i first-class grocersand dealers.Baldwin Packing Co.Paris, j Kentucky.ItIDollsE.Teaching tho Cutpurses. jStow in hi account of London be- I(ween l."i(50 and 1.110 depict; an inn 'kept by a kind of l-'airin of i lie lime of !Queen Kliza belli: ''One Wot ton keptan alehouse near Iiillingstrate.and in the same house he procured allthe cutpurses about the city to repair. "SThere was a school set up to learn ,young boys to cut purses. Two devices were hung up. The one was a 'pocket, the other was a purse. The ipocket had in it certain counters andwas hung about with hawk's bells,and over the top did hang a little scaring bell. The purse had silver in it. iAnd he that could take out a counter ,without any noise was allowed to be I Xll6a public foyter. Ami he that couldtake a piece of silver out of the pursewithout noise of any of the bells "was jadjudged a judicial nypper. according 'to their terms of art. A f oyster was a ;pickpocket: a nypper was a pickpur.-eor cutpur;e."andTan.FancyNovelties.7l.L. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN" EFFECT FEB. 2, 101U, AT ll:o9 V. 31.Curtis & Overby,.BARBERS, ii, r Successors to Carl Crawford; 3 Oliairs ' 3:; All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Tricks Any Husband Can Learn.To tell yellow from green in match- .FOR SALE.ing bilk. To wash the dishes without j Foos Jr., 2-horse power gas enginein good condition. Keason for sellingwill install electric motor. Cost .$125.Will sell for $60 cash. Apply toTHIU BOURBON NEWS.No.31134729104037312332G25y13S3853D830321431Trains jrrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 '26 amLexington, Ky., Daily ii.23 amMaj'sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 7.28 am -Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.2.1 am -Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.". 7..V amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday SJ2 amCincinnati, O., Duily 9.40 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.0-5 amLexington, Ky,, Daily .' 10.05 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amGj-nthiana, K.y., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Term.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.40 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.2i amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 25 nmJ acksonville, Fla., Daily 6 27 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 10.27 pjitCincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pnx .' 'nreaknig more than two., quiet when he's spoken to,the cook when she's angry! out what ails the gas range.J o keepTo faceTo tiudTo stand! in line an hour for two trading stamps.To set up his wife's brother in business. To iret up winter nights to ini vestigate "robbers."' To smile when! his old sweethearts' pictures areJoe. G. Mitchell,Insurance Agentburned up. To prefer hahna at hometo billiards at the club.. To drop hi- A fron Alpvanrior C.n 'c Ranlr i 33" w. nw.,...w g w. w, .,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, Wind andLightning. IYour patronage solicitedold irieuds because lliey are "vulgar.j To give up eolfee because it dis-igrcesI with his wife.-L'uck.The Old Man's Schedule.When they asked the P.iUville youngster what the "old man" was doingi now he replied:I "Well, when he ain't talkin his headoft" 'bout breakfast bein' late he's a-raisin Cain with the hired hands, an'! when he ain't a-doin' of them thimrs! he's a-diggin' fer bait an lishini the river an' a-doin' of nuthin' perj tickler.' Atlanta Constitution,iCharles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.133G2t25Offers hisoffa,.,rsirc fft flin nannloI,. VUtli IIIO SCIUUCO .J UIIC IGUUIDBouroon auu surrounding counties.j Satisfaction guarantee or no chargecharge made., Entirely Different. .I "It's all very well before a girl's! married for her to get a llower,iu her jI hair.' remarked the observer of events ,and things, "but it's an entirely differ- office will receive prompt attention.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twent3r-live years experience.Orders left at The Bourbon News' ent matter if, after she's married, she ,gets her hair in Hour." 1John White & Co.LOUISVILLE, KY.Established 1837Hfghcstmsrket price paidtor c-iidcCynical."You seem to jind your book veryinteresting. Miss .MaitNioue.""res: it is one the most charmingstories I have ever read, and so true J Mi HIDES.to lite, livery man in it is a viuaiu.VrawWOOLCOMMISSIONWmpGSSmKb&miSd JErE2r MflSwMiTrains De-partNo. P TO84 Cincinnati. O., Dailj' 5.0-? amr4 ISIaj-sville, Ky., Daih' Except Sunday u. . . .5.35 am11 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7. . . 'T.'Jo am v7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.'I5 am4o Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday S.OO am10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday S.20 am -29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily .- i.14 am37 Knoxville. Tenn.. Daily 9.4G am .Jacksonville, Fla., Daily - 10.15 amLexington, Ky. , Daily 10.18 amMaysville, K.. Daily . . ..sffi 11.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily flRKpt Sunday 11.34 am ,Lexington, Ky. , Daily xxlipt Sunday 'J.J0 pm'6S Cincinnati, O., .Daily .JfcjgR? 3.35 pm9 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Excftpt- Sunday 5.4S pm3'J Lexington , Ky . . Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm32 Cincinnati, O. , Daily . . ' 6.32 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.35 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily) Except Sunday 'J v..6.35 pm, -.30 Cynthiana, Ky . , Daily Except Sundajr '. . 0.45 pm Pm131 Lexington, K., Daily 10.48 pm ""31 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.50 pnK" --b. cfe o- i,iiya:E:-,x,-A.:BXJE3 :IX EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Traizis -Arri-veNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Funda4 Frankfort, Ky.. Uaily Eeepi Sunday jQ T.nuicviliA iv Kvankturr. iJailv KYf.frt Siim::iv fi.22 TmSK162 Louisville fc Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.1U pm. 8.15aih.3.50 pnv.6.22 pinm-Trains 3DepartaSo. -TOliil Frankfort & Louisville, Snndav Only.7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily iixeept Sundav-...,...1 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday Vf. T. . . ... . . '.. . .'S Frankfort,, Ky, TJnilyJLxcopz Sunday -- . .W... . . .T. .C?,?ciim..7.S-1im'. ...9. w aiTfiis .. 4',iiVV I rwJ -j. , ' u'vftv- v- "- 1 i?-t -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, JAN. 10, 191f.4-h8"I" 1lE Kmrwi:-)III:i!::f ;!11 1i1 1JiMIWhich Proves ft."A clrl of tweU is eyer so mocktham a boy of the same age.ftre. I know a girl of twenty whofamily Bible shows she was born lmPUBLIC SALEOF.PERSONAL PROPERTY.We will sell at public sale, the perconal property belonging to the estateof M. Hume Clay, at his late residenceG miles from V inchester, on the Winchester and Paris pike, at 10 o'clocka. m., onWEINESOAY, JANUARY 13, 1911:1 pair extra mare mule?, 7 years old;1 pair extra mare mules, 3 years old;1 pair extra horse mules, 3 years old;1 pair mulec', 3 years old;1 No. 1 aged mare mule;1 pair No. 1 mare mules, 2 years old;18 No. 1 yearling mules;3 good orood mares, in foal to jack ;10 home-raised 2-yuar-old cattle;5 home-raised 2-year-old heifers;13 No. 1 high-grade Shorthorn cows;8 home-raised steer calves;5 home-raised heifer calves;1 No. 1 roan Shorthorn bull ;30 good cattle .shoat-, weight 1.10pounds;50 extra black faced ewes:3 bucks;100 barrels com in crib;5 grass seed strippers, 2 combs each,and gear for same;1 new Deering binder;3 Deering mo wers:1 new manure spreader;1 new wheat drill;2 cutting harrows;1 smoothing harrow:3 2-horse wagons:1 low-wheel truck ;2 no-top buggies;1 break cart;I spring wagon and harness; also poleand double harness for same;1 gasoline engine and fodder cutter;1 corn and cob mill;1 wheat fan;1 swing table power wood saw:1 lot of hog and chicken houses: alsofeed and water troughs:24 first class coke stoves;3,500 tobacco sticks;6 sets wagon gear, good;1 scale truck;2 wheelbarrows;1 corn shelter;1 sickle grinder;1 harrow sharpener, new;2 Avery disc plows;3 steel-beam breaking plows;1 potato digger;1 hillside plow ;Double-shovel plows;2 Brown riding cultivatois;1 feed slide;1 sheep-dipping tank and chutes complete; 1 house on wheels, extra good;1 full set carpenter tools;1 lot blacksmith tools, forge, anvil, etc. ;65 gallons paint, linseeJ oil, etc. ;1 lawn mower;Hose and reel;Whitewashing machine;4 boxes hinges,A kegs nails;'100 rods wire fencing and 500 fencebtays;1 wagon water tank;Gasoline and coal oil tanks;1 tent house;Doubletrees, pitchforks, shovels,hoes and other things too numerous tomention;1 Smith-Premier typewriter and deskfor same, new;1 roll-top office desk and chair:1 two-seat automobile:4 runabout automobiles," 3 of samenew;1 cream separator;Incubator and brooders;Lot of nice meat and lard;Lot of household and kitchen furniture. TERMS Under $20.00 cash; overthat amount, 00 days time with negotiable note with 6 per cent interest.J. F. & H. B. CLAY,Administrators.Geo. D. Speakes, Auctioneer.7jan-tdRloodine Cures Strains. BruisRheumatic es, Sprains, RheumLiniment atic pains, Pains inthe Chest, Side andBack, Swellings and Tumors, FrostBites, Sore Throat, Quinsy, Croup,Hoarseness. 25c and 50c a bottle.W. T. Brooks, Agent.rr-rnwargoien s.Lamb,Beef,Pork,1 Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.Margolen,I Paris, Ky.PROVISIONS OF PLEDGEGrowers Must Determine on theCut-Out Order of LexingtonConvention by Jan. 14MEETING AT COUNTY SEATSPresident June Gayle Issues Callto the Burley Growers forNext SaturdayPresident June Gayle and the Executive Committee of the newly createdBurley Tobacco Union Saturday opened temporary headquarters in the Central Hotel, in Lexington, issued a ealltD growers to meet at the variouscuunty seats next Saturday to act upon the 1911 cut out order of the convention, drafted a cut out pledge tobe signed and extended an invitationto the exrcutive officers of the Burley Tobacco Society, the American Society of Equity and the Farmeis' Union to meet with them in consultatii nat an early date.Bradley Wilson, formerly of Hop-!kins county and lor years a Director Iin the Dark Tobacco Association, wasplaced in cnarge of the cut out rampaign, with C. E. Tate, of Stanford;T. Scott Mays, of Springfield; PenyMinor, of Owenton, and M. II. Froman of Carrolton, as other membersof the Campaign Committee.The call of President Gayle, approved by the Executive Committee, is addressed "To the tobacco growers ofthe Burley tobacco district," and callsa meeting of all tobacco growers to beheld at the county seats of all tobaccogrowing counties in the Burley districton Saturday, January 11, lull, tosign the cut out pledge.The pledge the growers will be asked to sicn was drafted bv Mpssrs.James b Middleton, of Shelby ville ;A. W. Hamilton, of Mt. bterlmg, andA. G. Turnipseed, of Cincinnati, asfollows:I agree not to grow any tobaccopersonally, by tenant, or agent, norto permit any tobaccco to be grownon any land whicn I own or controlduring the year of 1911."This agreement shall not be binding unless in the judgment of the Executive Boards of both the Burley Tobacco Union and the Burlpy TobaccoSociety a sufficient per cent is pledgedto insure a successful cut out of thecrop of 1911, and unless said cut out isofficially declared by the Executive!Boards of both the Burley TobaccoUnion and the Burley Tobacco'Society Ibefore the loth day of February, '1911."The Burley tobacco growers, reconvening the convention at LexingtonFriday decided upon a sixty-day temporary organization at end of that timeby popular vote and prepared tentativedraft of articles of incorporation forthe new organization which will beknown as the "Burley TobaccoUnion," the name having been unanimously selected at Friday's sssion.According to the plan for permanentorganization adopted on motion of W.C McCord, of Washington county, (thegrowers are to meet in their respective precincts, elect a delegate to theCounty Board of Control. This hoardto j meet later and elect a countychairman who will be a member ofAdvisory Board or Union Board ofControl. The Advisory Board is tci becomposed of the president and countychairmen and authority to sell tobaccois rested only in this board.The chairman of each county boardof the temporary organization reporting was empowered to sign articles ofincorporation as soon as they are completed. Hurts Mrs. Newlywed.It pains a girl terribly after she Ismarried to discover that her lvusbandreally prefers corned beef and cabbage to those delightful little chafingdish things.Refused to Pay Fare.Charged with trespassing on theproperty of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad G. H. Johnson and , WallerKrauss, white, giving Cincinnati astheir place of residence were arrestedby the company's p-ivate detectiivesyesterday and turned over to Chief ofPolice Elgin after they had been putoff of a passenger train for refusingto pay their fares. In Police Courtyesterday afternoon Judge E. B. January assessed each afine of SI 7.50, tobi paid or worked out at hard labor.The case of Mason Turner, chargedwith cutting Luther Ilerrington wascontinue i until this morning. Themen are brothers-in-law and the cutting was a result of a family quarrelwhich took place Saturday night attheir home on West street. They werearrested by Officer Link.Grant Brown was fined $7.50 for disorderly conduct, and the Jcase againstReed, chaged with loiterring was dismissed, jgBurimfin Paris Cemetery.Ninety-four presons were interredin the Paris cemetery during the yearof 1910. Below is a summary fromthe records kept by SuperintendentSmith, of the Pais 'cemetery, showingresidence and cause of the deaths :Number of burials 94 ; died of general debility, 23; pneumonia, 14; heartdisease. 9 ; fever, 2 ; cause of deathunknown, 4 ; appendicitis, 1 ; paralysis, 5; tuberculosis, 8; gunshotwounds, 2; stomach trouble, 3; accident, 2; blood poison, 2; rheumatism,1 ; murdered. 1 : diabetes. 1 : bronchitis.1; Bright's disease, 1; grippe, 1; braintrouble, 1 ; croup, 1 ; carditis, 1. Thirty-fivedied in Paris, 27 in Bourboncounty, 1 in North Cirolina, 1 in JUt,Sterling, 1 in Elkton, 1 in Richmond,1 in Phoenix, Ariz., 7 in Lexington. 2in Cincinnati. 4 in Covington, 1 inCharleston, IV. Va., 1 in Chicago, 1in Fayette county, 1 in lint Springs, 1in sheville, N. C, 1 in Harrisoncounty, 1 in Battie Creek, Mich.. 1 inJefTersonville, Ind., 1 in Lagrange,Texas, 1 in Kansas City, Mo. Ofthese 94 deaths 70 werp hnrn in Rnnr.Brother Missing Since the War.Mrs. William B. Dawson, of Maysville, last week received a letter fromher brother, James F. Vaught, whohas been missing sine the Civil Warand who was believed to have beenkilled at the battle of Franklin, Ky.At the outbreak of hostilities he ranaway from his home at Manchester,O., and enlisted in the Union army atMaysville. When !the war closed "heremained in the South for a time laterlocating at Hocker's Bluff, Ark.,where he now resides and is doingwell.Settle For Secretaryship.Charles C. McChord, of Louisville,recently appointed a member of theInterstate I Commerce Commission byPresident Taft, has appointed ElmoreSettle, of Frankfort, as his privatesecretary. Settle is a son of JudgeW. E. Settle, of the Court of Appeals.He is a prominent .young lawyer ofFrankfort.HaaiaV"The world will little note nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here."The first week of our January Clearance Sale has prospered beyond our expectations, not from what ithas said but what it has done. We invite you to come whether interested or not and see how carefully theplans for the BIG SPECIAL SALE have been worked out. No superlatives would be as convincing as a look.We could take Columns to tell you of the values and varietiet, qualities and quantities, we have on our floors,but it would not be half as good as the story we will tell your eyes when you come.FurnitureLike books, to be welcomed in our home, must be wellchosen. We find it difficult to tell how good this furniture is, and how great the price advantages. For instance, you will find such bargains as these scatteredall through the different sections.Mahogany Chiffonier, a "Sligh" creation, swellfront, French plate mirror, former price $30, JanuarySpecial $18.50.Mahogany bed davenport, upholstered in greenvelour, was $30, sale price $15. Note the saving.Large Turkish Rocker, upholstered in imitationleather, regular value $18, January price $9.50.Early English Book Case, leaded glass doors, perfectin construction, was $19, sale price S12.Early English Card liable with cellarette attached,former price $30, sale price $15. How can you pass it?Mahogany ten foot Extension Table, fifty-four inchtop, claw feet, $70, sale price $42, a rare bargain.Drapery DepartmentIs full of good things that will add beauty and charmto any home.Brussel Net Curtains of rare beauty, formerly $6a pair, January price S3. 75.White Marie Antoinette Curtains, very stylish, reduced from $12 a pair to $6.75.Colored Madras Curtains, durable and serviceable,note the reduction from $7.50 to S3. 50.Wood Fibre Madras, brown, blue and green, hereis something to remember, was SI. 75 a 'yard, now 75c.Fancy Scotch Madras always priced at 60 cents ayard, sale price 25c.C. F.LRockcastle Student to Oxford.Allen Barnett. aged twentv-two, sonof J. H. Barnett, of Rockcastle, Ky.,a student at Georgetown College, wasselected Friday by (be RhodesScholarship Commission as the nextstudent to represent Kentucky at Oxford University, England. Barnett isan athlete of no mean ability, but despite hie activities in football and baseball, has been a diligent student. Hewas graduated at Georgetown in 1910j with an A. B. degree and is taking apost graduate course with an A. M.dergee in view this season. ThereI were rive eligible students to selectj from, but only two formal applicants,I the other one being E. Russell Palmer,i now at Dartmouth.L. N. Earnings.Gross earnings of the'Louisville andNashville in November increased$330,470, but net decreaseed $210,096,because of an increase in operating expenses of $541,172. For the fivemonths ended November 30 the operating income of the road has decreased$1,553,772.Lexington,F,3VHSRegular Price If Charged.BEX) WERLexington,- Some Statistics.The Louisville Times recently published noma figure taken from the census and other official sources in regardto the "wet" and "dry" counties ofKentucky. There are ninety-twocounties in the State in which liquorcan not be sold legally. Of theseninety-two counties, seventy-four arewhat is known as pauper counties, inthat thev receive more money fromthe State each year than they pay intothe State Treasury. Statistcis showthey receive S750,3fl more than theypay into the State Treasury.There are twenty counties, each having onn town in which liquor is legallysold and this includes Bourbon. Thesecounties pay into the Treasury $2,78S.-712 more than they take out. Sevenother counties are all wet or practically so. These counties pay into theTreasury $1,337,33. It will be seenthat a large majority of the paupercounties local option prevails, while ina large majority of revenue countiesliquor is legally sold.Kentucky,Carpets and RugsA glance in our east window will give you an ideaof our determination to reduce stock.Axminster Rugs 9x12, $15, were S25, you pocket a$10 note on every one you buy.Axminster Rugs 3x6, were $4.50, now $2.S5, a nicelittle pick up on a small rug.Axminster Rugs 27xC0, regularly priced at S3,sale price $1.65. You make $1.35 on this transection.Axminster Carpets 75c per yard, reduced from$1.25. Here is where we lose all the profit and part ofthe original cost.Velvet Carpets reduced from $1.15 a yard to 65c, asaving of 50c a yard, or from S12 to $15 on a room.Tapestry Brussels, value 75c yard, special price45c, how can you resist.The Art GalleriesAre so crowded with pictures of artistic merit andfascination to discriminate is difficult. We will, however, call attention to a few new arrivals from the Nuttingham Studio. Wallace Nutting pictures had theirorigin in the love of an amateur for Art Photographywhich he has developed to such perfection as to win thepraise of the best of art critics. Among the collectionyou will find "Neath The Apple and Maple," "Berkshire Brook' "A May Afternoon," "The Going Forthof Betty," "In Days of Old," "On The Slope."The Wall Paper Department with its expert decorators is anxious to paper that room or that home atprices cheaper than ever before.C-g fe)H.&Kentucky.talis ia Brackca Cases.An order was entered in the FederalCourt at Covington Friday.In the case of W. S. Henderaoagainst Ben Jordan and othezs. Taecase is the famous "night-rider" suitin which the plaintiff was seekingdamages from seventeen tobacco growers of Bracken county.About ten uays ago Judge A. M. J.Cochran handed down an opinion granting a new trial to six of the defendants, but saying he would overrule themotion in the case of the others, it theplaintiffs would agree to accept ajudgment of S5.000. The attorneysfor the plaintiffs, however entered abill of remittance for the $1,000 andthe order of judgment for $5,000 wasentered.The defendants attorneys asked foran extension of sixty days in which ttprepare a motion for an appeal, whichwas granted.CO.,Jbon county. , j"7 A: YTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, 7jAN. 10, Mi..."S5 "-s 'A NOBLE RED MAN.He Was Not the Stately Chief WoImley Expected to Meet.Lord Wolscloy was stationed in Canada many rears ago. On one occasionlie spent a holiday in the wilds, building a wigwam and practicing generally what we should now call the "backto nature" cure.It was soon after his arrival in thecountry, and as the means of communication were still somewhat primitive he had never seen an Indian andwas most anxious to make the redman's acquaintance. Some friends ofhis promised to send one or two to seehim, as there was an encampment nota ery far away.At last one morning Lord Wolselcywas informed that a chief had calledto see him. "With his mind full of the, cnventional Indian, a man of com-jnanding presence, arrayed in all thelory of paint and feathers, he eagerlytepped outside his wigwam to makei,s acquaintance. But he received ar..de shock when he found a wizenedgentleman dressed in a tattered frocki oat and ancient waistcoat.However, the geueral stilled his as-tcnishment and played the genial host. 1.i.though horribly bored at the inces- ,inr nhnfirr nf flio Trultnn ivhn 1inl Jant chatter o,the Indian, who had j1 een in the service of the Hudson Baycompany and therefore could speak1 roken English fairly fluently.At length, anxious to get rid of his-visitor, he took a twenty-five centpiece out of his pocket and. fearing hemight be grossly insulting his visitor.j resented it to him. j'PI. l.,rror rnr.k if lnnlrwl nr if- r.orp. !- ..u ...-. ..- .., .w..U .-w - ..... ;J idly, felt the edges and then said:Can you mak' it half dollar;"THE WET RAIN.There Are Several Varieties, andHave Their Whim$.JJam is principally composedAllv.aicr. out u uouia not ue coiuuseu jvim uiiuin-. siock. ,nam always comes on unuay aner-1noons and wash days. ,Washday may be changed to any dayin tae weei;. systematically or mens-1 stan(ards for us. Haven't we intelli.r:anately, but the rain will come. j enco? Cnu., .... ihinh foi. OI1PsMvos,.Sunday afternoon, however, cannotIt. change.; to any other afternoon.Tic rain will hold off until you arenady to go driving, and then the wordu-ll be passed along the mysteriousi.rreuts of the air, and a double order..t cirrus and cumulus will be hurriedi.i from the west.)fo in the morning, when you leave!, me and carry your umbrella andlaincoat, the rain will go away and-;dk. But if you take heart of thel:..r sky and leave the umbrella and.iSicr trimmings then the rain will ,wt until you leave the office and thenget you. Iuementally it will tuck a !lew grip and rheumatism germs into .your system.Toiti ?c orrvil frit flir r.r-k,-o li, ,1,it takes you for a crop is hard to understand. IKain never brought fame to any oneepcAoaii. rroDamy on uie uay me iHood began he watched the last picnicpartydriveoutof towninabus,shout-,Uielmg sarcastic things at him through the.,..t .i ie &ei:u .arieues ui ram.but the one most popular with the jweather bureau is called "Probably."Chicago ews. Iiuere are several varieties ot rain.jA Great Assistance."Good morning"' greeted the youngmau in the threadbare suit. jThe millionaire turned around in his lphifth chair. -"Er-I think you have the advantage ,or me, young man." ne said distantly.."Why, don't you remember me, sir? ' consisting each of three hexameterI am broke. Two years ago you told i lines. Cornhill Magazine.me if I ever went broke to come !around and see you." Chaldean Tablets.The millionaire beamed a benevolent . The Hay tablets of Chaldea. probiiiile. ,:bly the very earliest writing mate-"So I did, my sou; so I did. Here is j rials used by man. were of ditTerentthe envelope all ready for you." sizes, the largest being flat and meas-The young man took the bulky en- !velone, and his spirits rose like themercury on a July day."Ah. a little assistance. I suppose V""No: a mvat assistance. It is a valuable little pamphlet 1 wrote during myspare time entitled 'now to Be Brokeajjd Happy.' "Chicago News.Persian Shawls.The "shal" of Kerinau whence ourword "shawl" is made of goats' hair.Like the carpets, the shawl patternsare learned by heart, and the work ismen finer. Children also do this work.It is estimated that Kerman turns out100,000 worth of shawls, handmade.aear. The finest product is a lir conepattern, a rich color effect, made cspe -allv tor the governor of theprovince,Wmvears it as a robe of honor on the1'ersiau Xew Vear's dav.He Got Her."It's so long since you railed upon Jn.e." yaid tlm girl as she came downJ as beginning to thiuk you were for-getting me.""I am for getting you." replied thesruart youth, "and tbats why 1 vecalled tonight. Can 1 have you;A Real Crisis.liT..I !. .1.. . .1 ........ ...1 ... I. .- ic-.mmwunc. iiu .ou uuuei.M.1.... .... L imeant by a crisis r '"Yes, mum.""Tell us. Johnnie.""Two out au' the bases full, mum."Buffalo Express.His Big Bill.iiiest How long is thi;lease ofJour hotel to run'Tlotel Clerk What.....--. 'nn;. "t viit . ju,....v..v-i..!.-. f "nacr '!'.& t,m i inci rq -n inn it IieMiiout'for.NewM orkL-TestfrtrvwiMptI icpjjotisrn may gm-eriTwItliouf: fait irr; liberty cauuot. De TocqucvilIeAN ANGRY MUSICIAN.AmvHing and Pathetic Story of Constant's Picture, "Too Late!"An amusing and pathetic story istold of Benjamin Constant's first picture to attract attention. It was called"Too Late" and represented Fortuneand Glory visiting an artist just as hehad breathed his last. The artist waslying on the bed. The figure of Deathstood near the door through whichFortune, carrying a box of money, andGlory, bearing laurels, had just entered. The artist received many lettersfrom those who had seen the painting.One was written by a professor of music, an old man, who expressed intouching words the emotion he hadfelt at the sight of the artist's work,lie asked Constant to visit and talkt0 uim about ..Too TateTho invitation was accepted, but assoon as the old professor saw the artist he uttered an ejaculation of surprise and anger. "Why. you are quitea youth!" he exclaimed, "I thoughtyou were old and. like myself, hadspent your life in vain endeavor to ob-S lam recognition of vour abilities. Iconceived" that picture to be the lastdespairing cry of a man as unfortu-. -nat0as I am. I find' you are quitej and your eyes are full of hope..younYou are a humbug, sir, and I request !DSt.to-that you leave this house immedialy!"i TRUE STANDARDS OF LIFE., jThe Mesure of a Man Is What He Is, 'Not What He Has.j It takes so long to learn how to live, jI so long to get even a glimmering of jwhat life is for and what we ought to I, do with ours. We are so prone to live 'j in the future, to fret ourselves about ij it. We are so busy yearning for thei joys we imagine other people have and! worrying about the trouble we imairinewe are having that we make of the jpresent, the one thing we are sure of,an endless regret,Aml 0fall "he 'follies the limit is to !permit somo one else l0 mako 0Ul. ., To wjmt thIngs we don-t 1ee(,f manyuve do uot realv care for just bccause Isome onc olso has tnem aml wcm!(Jn-t ,llmerstand if we didn't have them! To !?trugsle aild straill to make a sllowwlien all lhe neighbors know it is onlv !I a show and ,vou,d respect us a hQS, inoro if we had the courage t0 uo our.j selvesI Death's standards ought to be !Hfe.s s(audards. Deat h does ll0t askhow Wff a bonsc we mil fronif U0l. ,10W !v lllliversItv degrees wc have WOIlt ,; nm. .ll!lf. ic , hnnl. tlltnnnnt. V(,r !wbat we have nor whslt we ,.n0Wt bntwlm(. we are And that.s 0U. measIIl.eof everybodv buc ourselves.-Erman J.,,i(I . iu" Denettlor.A Riddle Making Epoch.There have been epochs at which riddle making has been more especially, in vogue, and such epochs would ap-,,,,,. lft .,.,. ,. cnncnMC e .,.,, Sll. ,tellectual :lwakellillsr. Such an epochwas nt the fir.t gimmering of;neu. intelIectual Usht hl lhe S0C011(l' half of the seventh century. This wasthe of Al(llloilu ui-Miop of Slier-me ne of AldIlt.,lu bishop oC Sher.,orne fae firet in he ro of Ani;Io. ,LatIu poets ne eft ;l consi(lerablo ;numj,er 0f enigmas in Latin liexame- 'Lers. Aldhelm died in 1700. Beforeliis time there was a collection of Lat-in sidles that bore the name of Svm-pi10sius. Of this work the date is un-known. We only know that Aldhelmused it. and we mnv infer that it wasi - -then a recent product. The riddles of-Svmnhosius were uniform in shane.unng 0 by G' iwhos. while the small-est were .-lightly convex and in somecases not more than an inHi long. Inthe same ruins with the tablets havebeen found the glass lenses whichwere used bv their readers. The writ-ing was done, while the tablets werestill soft, by a little iron tracer, notpointed, but triangular at the end. Byslightly pressing this end on the softmoist clay the inscriptions were made.The tablets, having been inscribed onboth sides and aci-uratelv numbered.j were baked in owns and stored awayI in the state libraries. New York' American.A Mistake Somewhere,I "Iss Jc m,e Mi :rUi'." he said.p,1:,t ,hore :m J"1 lwo thiM-s wo"' ,n:m n Jimm :lLa conclusion and amouse:'"No." she answered; "there is athird. Mr. Philip."After thinking the matter over a(few moments he tremblingly made heran offer, but she didn't jump at it.i ,J Two MnfcHj man (:ju ' fanns !h:tfare f :m(, lillod tm; hoy t,,at. lmt TJp . mau epossible houses and farms. Ills eyet mai;es esta!(S as fast as J lie sun breeds1douds.-Emersoii.High Class.Teacher What class of t birds doesLthe hawk belong to. Tommy' TomniyBirds of prey. Teacher Now. .lolin-nv. to wuat class uocs me quau ue-I long? Johnny Birds on toast. Chicago News..M ure iure.What "a n I doTibou t 1 tr'TTT"Try getting n.mte late some night.-Bostou Tn:nscri.THE CASE OFMDHow a Man Was Made to SeeHimself as Others Saw Him.By CLARISSA MACKIE.Copyright, 1910, by American Press Associatlon.J The Village Improvement society hadconcluded a very interesting meetingand was regaling itself upon the dainties which the ladies had provided.Mrs. Wixom nodded her head vigorously over her plate of ice cream."Serves Homer Byrd right," she whispered hoarsely In her neighbor's ear."He don't deserve no light in front ofhis old place; most tumbledown oldrat trap in Upper Village! The miserlyold codger!""They say he spends a good deal ofraonej' helping those who need it," saidVctlinr TrVi t oc elm cat Inirn linn rff.f , , , , . - i "Like as not he s going to be marfee cup and turned a reddening face ( . , , , . , .? v. ,i .. , ..... 1T , ,-, , ried," remarked Adeline Dare, 'voicingto the excited little group. "I heard I . . .. . - ' .j that he helped old Jake King last wer when Jake broke his eS and'-"Tlicf innr lin? toll.-!"in-mi .. i j, - ur.That same evening shortly after thei . . .pillage Improvement society went intoI he sat thehe on a mttli: ikon skat.1 social session Mr. nomer Byrd wend-ed his way through the moonlit nighttoward the graveyard that surrounded' the church. In his arms he bore greatsheafs of white lilacs, which he in-tended to place on his wife's grave.irrifv vj LmfJ Trm&K ELfefiKrfl RHraHIHib5 ''U'i1 Scarcely a day passed that he did not ' "-woKing at me grave wnicn neu covI visit the spot, and invariably he car- , eIC(1 w51h w,lite ylocks. John didn'tried some lloral oirerin-And so it happened that as he kneltbesUlo the reen mound lhe harshclack of voices in discussion issuedfrom the lighted window of the churchparlor, and as argument waxed heat-1)arlorf and as argumeiedly and the voices ros(Bvru was soou made athe various opinions wlose louder Homericquainted withopinions winch his towus-women held toward him.lie sat there on a little iron seatwith his head bowed in the upturned,, . . . , , ,. l .palms of his hands. The moon mount-. 4 . ., ,Jt ., ,ed toward the zenith. The members ,of the Improvement society noisily.i;c, ..... , ,n ..- . .,.:.!.:' illiUL.l."ll illlll .IMI ill :ii III I !Kiltnt ulnf- 1.ipL- nf tho liiiivl il.;il- !1 " ""- ""- -iljr tr."., . , , . , 'AN hen he arose and shook back the Iong lock of gray hair that fell over Ihis lorehead there was a light of res- .oh, ion in his thin lace, a light that ;replaced the expression of dull tie-ij'liiiu lucii nau cnaracuenzea ins ionperiod of grief for Mary Byrd. '"God forgive me! I have been acoward: A coward I will be no longer!" IThe Homer Byrd place was a large,square brown house set in a wilder- 'ness of trees and shrubs. The weather 'beaten roof showed through the bare Ibranches in the winter, but when sum- jmer came the house was invisible.The fence that surrounded the amplegrounds was sagging from the rotten ' .posts, and an air of neglect and decav Icharacterized the whole place.rkness'After the funeral of Mary Byrd the1horses and oilier stock h:nl li.-nn cn!,ithe great barns closed, the poultrv i; yards deserted, and the large prosper- 'otis farm lav idle and useless, while J' the master ohut himself and his grief 'away behind closed doors. ,That was all until nomer Byrdheard the opinions expressed bv "the j' Village Improvement society. ,The next morning Miss HarrietPaine declared the news that Homer !Byrd had gone to the fit. v. and UpperVillage knew no more of its unworthytownsman until a fortnight had claused Iand he returned with two sharp looking men who spent several days aboutthe Byrd place, measuring and figuring and talking earnestly togetherThen they disappeared, and with oneaccord the curious element of the village feU upon oUl llachel Mills, who"did" for Homer Byrd., and eagerlysought for knowledge of the strangeproceedings.5"Fo de Ian. Mis' Paine. 'I dunno."protested old Bachel earnestly. "Iarsked Mr. Homer, and' all he sayed-M&S: J Xmmli. l!oroHhri'achel. l'speetSft.UuuedsiUJorev light;nn(Irui'gwinoii(iit:i-i4ii Sich'queesa. (loin's I never heard on uo. never!"The investigating committee admit-cupied the south wing, it was bright j 'ot opened her lips to defendand cheerful, but the remainder of j 1I101Uer fofr !t .,,ad 0,!,y a"raci"the great house was closely shuttered j "vel,,,nie attention to herself., . . Homer Bvrd continued to benntifv:i.:.. .i.,.... ...i r, .. ,. -.ted that they never bad heard of suchdoings either. And as time went onthe wonder grew, for an army of workmen appeared as by magic .to assistthe few village artisans, and beforelong the Homer Byrd place began toassume its former handsome appearance. "And they say," proceeded HarrietEaine volubly, addressing the assembled members of the Improvement society, "that the whole house has beendone over. He's had the shutters opened and the carpets all took up, andmost of tkem was mildewed and worthless. He's had the furniture all polished and the walls papered and newchandeliers for 'lectricity put in. Thefloors are hard wood, and he's boughtnew rugs and lots of new things.""Mr. Wixom says he's buying stockfor the farm," .remarked Mrs. Wixomeagerly."Yes, and they say he's going to farmit again on the same scale as he didbefore. There's a lan'scape man a-fix-ingup the ground, and I guess it'll bthe handsomest place in Upper Villagenow," continued Harriet enthusiastically.ui3iyvn.v:u iuvuBuu yi iuc uiuciwomen."Who do you suppose is the one'CM iasked Mrs. AYixom curiously. Ii .,, er women were silent.i1 knowi remarkcd ,The oth-Vdeliuespitefully, "but I guess I know severalwho ain't the one!"Miss Paine laughed scornfully. "It'swell for them who realize they ain'tgot no chance to up and say so."The widow Dare flushed angrilv anil !; turned her little gray eyes upon hertormentor. "And there's them whoain't never had a chance and neverJ will who don't never say die!"Esther Fray looked with distressed! eyes upon the quarreling women. ToI her delicate sensibilities the coarse-t ness of their arguments was like somany slinging blows, and she longed1 to escape to the quiet little cottagewhere she had lived alone for manyj years. The meeting had not adjourn -eu, however, and timid L.sther dared' not make the first move, which might( attract attention to herself.The irrepressible Miss Paine glaredangrily at Adeline Dare and openedher thin lips to deliver a stinging re-tort, when Mrs. Wixom broke in has -tily"Queer how he set to work all of asudden, wasn't it? You rememberthat night we was all a-talking aboutit in the church parlor here, and thevery next day Homer Byrd went toNew York, and when he came back hehad the men with him.""Sure enough and I declare. I neverthought about it till this minute," saidold Mrs. Smithers eagerly, "but .John.said when he come out of the meetingtIiat ig"t he went around to sec if the! ! back blinds was closed and there satI Homer Byid on his little iron seatsay notning, out jest tiptoed backagain.""That seat is most under the churchwindows," volunteered Mrs. Wixou in , several privileges to the monastery, each of our lives, it seems strangea strained whisper. one being the privilege of sanctuary, that for all our weak human nature-There was uo reply. The member- This was not merely for man slaying: j w; cannot !arn the lesson that proof the little group which had occupied i it was open to all wrongdoers except .-rastinatiou teaches and benefit therethe corner by the window on that; those who had been guilty of treason. I by.memorable night looked at one anoth-er furtively. Esther Fray was wondering with palpitating heart what she"". ",'". ,'. l"', '"7 , ,JV1 ,diflident interest she had alwavs taken, ,, ., .. , , , ,in the silent, grief stricken man whrlinil lllloll . .,i.i f .n.irthad said that might have betrayed thehad been the subject of discussionShe blied noue of tl,e others woul(1remember that she had arisen to de-.. , . .jeUU uim.Iif:s Harriet Paine laughed liarshlvTm wim to stand b wbat rvega dabout Homer u d sho gad wUU nreckless sh: of her shouIders, ..,gucss Esthei. uere.H sland in hIg dgraces as well as anvbody. She spokeright up for him.""Oh, Esther ain't bothering about nomen," interpolated Mrs. Wixom. withgood nam red appreciation of .Esther'sconfusion. "We don't want her toeither. If we lose our schoolteacherI don't know what the children willdo."To Esther's relief the meeting wascalled to order for another brief business session, and when it had hnn Unadjourned siie slipped out and away toher little cottage with a perturbation. that was unusual. She wished thathis house and grounds with unabatedzeal. He worked early and late withlhe 1:lburers J,ud Wls hee. thereaud evr.vw"ere. His bent shouldersstl':llr,'t-M.ed. his contracted chestl,ro:iden-Hl with the deep breaths ofwholewine air that he inhaled, hiseyes brightened and his step took onthe eIaslici.v of youth, for. after all.Ho,er Byrd was a youug man In hisfol'ties. and u hen October came therev,':ls considerable bustle about thel)lace when the scanty crops from thelate season's planting were garnered.lt: U(-'Cds a mistress now," . saidHomer Byrd. with a troubled look inhis eyes, and that night he dressedhimself with unusual care and wentcalling. And he went calling on otlieinights thereafter, to the unabated interest of Upper Village."So it was Esther Fray after all.'gabbled Harriet I'aine after the wedding was over and the happy pair haddeparted through the new gates, abovewhich hung a cluster of electric lights."and I expect Esther '11 be fool enoughto go up with him and put flowers onMary By rd'sgraxc. jusjt,,as he's a Iwti3-M-done..-' .-. v. . ATTV"AwKsoishe wns;amWhpreworefev.f.n Upper Village that understood sav.Kfcthfr and Homer ami ijury Byrd.MANY KINDS OF FLEAS.About 400 Different Species Arc Knownto Naturalists.One of the first naturalists who devoted themselves to watching fleas,with such microscopes as were thenavailable, was Leeuwenhoek, a Dutchman, who lived at the end of theseventeenth century. Leeuwenhoek discovered that a small mite fed on the flea,and it was this discovery which inspired Swift's familiar lines:So. naturalists observe, a fleaHath smaller fleas that on him prey.And tht.se have smaller still to bite" 'em.And so proceed ad infinitum.The flea's parasite, however, to beaccurate, is not another flea oreven another insect, but is a miteclassed among the sarcoptidae. Linnaeus, writing in 1738, described onlytwo species of flea. The first, whichwas the human flea, he rightly namedPulex irritans. The second was thechigoe of hot countries. To this, onaccount of its burrowing habit, hegave the name of Pulex penetrans. Atthe present day about 400 differentspecies of fleas have been describedand named by the small band of scientific men who have devoted themselvesto their study. Most of these havebeen discovered within quite recentyears, so it is probable that many newforms and varieties will be collectedand observed. Harold Russell in London National Review.OLD TIME HAT STAMPS.Death Used to Be the Penalty In England For Forging Them.Hats have in Euglaud been subjectii to very severe protective enactments.j The blocked beaver hat, for instance,' imported by Sir Walter Raleigh fromthe Low Countries, won its way so' rapidly that in 1571 Queen Elizabethj passed an act to protect the making, of "thrummed" caps, made from wool,i for the advantage of the landed pro-prietors. whose sheep furnished theI material. The statute provided thatf every male person "shall on Sundaysand holidays wear on his head a capof velvet wool made in England, pen-ally, oS. fid. per day.About .a century later the law. fori which there is nothing too high or toolow. having taxed men's shoes, turned1 its attention once more to their hatsand soon put a cherk on all improvements in the trade by requiring everyvender of hats to take out a licenseunder a heavy penalty. Subsequentlya stamp duty was imposed on all hats.i which were oflicially marked insidei where the maker's name now appears., The penalty for selling a hat withoutI . rtn , ... i. ..a stamp was 10, and the penalty forforging a hat stamp was death.whence, no doubt, the modern customj of the man who goes to church, sitsdown, looks into his hat to read hismaker's name!-London Chronicle.An English Sanctuary.Beverley minster. lbO miles north ofLondon, is the shrine of St. John ofBeverley, who died in the year 721. In0."S Athelstan. king of EnglandgaveJ ror ordinary offenses. Mich as horse jstealing, cattle stealing, being backward in accounts or being in receipt ofsuspected goods, aman came intosanctuary about a mile from the monastery or church. There used to befour crosses on the main roads leadingto Beverley marking the limit of thearea. In cases of manslaughter andmurder it was not sufficient to be within one of these crosses. Before thefugitive could claim sanctuary he mustenter the church and seat himself ina stone chair known as the "fridstool" or "freed chair." To this placemany fled for refuge from all parts ofthe country.Appropriate.The worshipers in a certain chapelhad some trouble to keep their facesstraight a short time ago. During theservice some eouimotion was caused1)3 a gentleman who accidentally ignited a box of wax matches in hispocket and was trying to put themout. while his alarmed neighbors struggled equally hard to help him. Theminister, being shortsighted, could notmake out the reason of t"i: disturbance, and. thinking to diplomaticallycover the incident, lie innocently said."Brethren, there is a little noise going on. Until it is over let us ;ing'Sometimes a Light Surprises.' "Eondon Answers.A New Reason.Annette, aged three, has two verytalkative little sisters, and sometimesshe finds it difficult to make herselfheard at the table. Oue day when theothers had been monopolizing the conversation longer than she liked Annette raised her finger with a warninggesture and whispered half aloud:"Everybody keep Hill. My foot'sasleep." Delineator.True Charge.She Did you see where some mandeclares' (hat women are mt honest?He Well, he's right in -a;.::.!; She(fiercely) When did you tn : kt.ow meto do a dishonest thing': Ht- (tender;;.--sWhen you robbed me nt my peart omind and stole my heart. jwu 'dear tittle thiefl Xew York X -'.'.'The Language."This is a pretty Mate of affairs, isn'tit':""Yes. it is a very ugly nintter. but:oniehody will 'have tu pay handsomelyrtTTif?'NTwYdrL::fbur:ialr v-v-:A good way fo be happy is to !ry toe useful ::ud helpful.A QUICK CHANGE. 7The Sweet Taffy That Cam After theCold Roast."Say, Jen," said Katie, the brunette,with white side combs in her hair. "Isee Mamie has bleached her Lair againAin't it terrible?""Yes, perfectly awful!" replied Jennie. "She asked me if I would do itif I were she. and I said yes.' Don'tshe look perfectly dreadful and it'getting streaked already. You couldtell in a minute it was bleached, theroots are so dark.""Sure. 1 noticed that!" respondedKatie. "And. say. did you see the ragof a dress she had on yesterday? And.it's fit gracious! Looked perfectlydreadful, didn't it?""Perfectly dreadful," echoed Jeanie."Well, she wanted a pattern, and Igave her the one of that dark blue silkI had three years ago," said Katie"You did?'"Yes, I did.""Oh!""And the hat she was wearingLcoirtinued Katie. "Did you get your opticson that?""Yes.""Perfect sight, wasn't it?""AVhere did she get it?""Oh, down at the Moody's. I helpedher pick it out," was Katie's reply,"Why, why, here comes Mamie now."she continued. "Hello, Mamie, youdear, sweet thing! How nice you looktoo darling for anything!""Yes, indeed." added Jennie. "Youdo look perfectly charming. Say, let'sall go and get some soda."And the three friends walked awaj:together. New York Times.PROCRASTINATION.The Habit of Putting Off Doing therSerious Things of Life.Much of the unhappiness and im-providence in life is caused by earlyI habits of procrastination habits con-i tracted unconsciously perhaps whenifimmMw ii in ir5 fnrmnHw cm nij at the very time when most aUentionshould be given to the untrained nature, it is so easy to fall into a happy-go-luckyway of living, so easy to jogalong unconcernedly, doing the thingswhich suit us best and perhaps whichcount for the least and leaving undone-'nil the acts and unspoken all the wordand unexpressed all the thoughts andunused all the advantages which arereally so essential to a better understanding of ourselves and the wonderful life being lived about us!What a bright world of promise fulfilled this would be if responsibilitycould onlv be made half as attractiveI .as some of the minor diversions whicltseem to furnish so much pleasure to-their partakers! If the hard placecould be made soft, the rocky roadssmooth and difficult undertakings easy.i there would be small need for putting-off from day to day the task of fnlfill-;ing any task whatever. As it is. withthe certainty that happiness unalloyed'is not within the grasp of man and(with the knowledge that sorrow and.trouble must come at some time intoAn Office Business Only.A young man called at the office of'a justice of the peace and with somehesitation made known his business,u hich was to be married. The justice replied that he thought he couldperform the service and asked if thoyoung man had his license."Yes, sir," the youth replied."Well, where is the young lady?""She she's at her father's.""Well, bring her here.""She'd rather be married at home.,squire.""And you expect me to so there andmarry you':""Yes. sir, If you please.""Young mau," said the justice, "thisotfice of mine is like a departmenttore. We sell matches here, but wedon't deliver them at the house."Youth's Companion.Cats and Dogs.According to a French investigator.,domestic animals have a certain.i mount of reasoning power, often actupon reflex notions and can associateideas from which they draw inferences. Dogs, and still more so cats, hesays, learn to imitate the voice amimovements of their masters or mistresses. He has noticed old watchdogswhich when they barked had peculiarintonations which resembled the voicesof their masters. Cats try by the wayin which they cry to make their mistresses understand exactly what they-want.Appropriate Styles."That elocutionist believes in dressing the part for any recitation.""How do you mean:""Why. when she read the story aboutthe sailors deserted on the lonely island she wore a costume of maroon,aud at her lecture our Celtic wit herdress was trimmed with Irish point."FxchangQ.Dd Combinations.Bambo-l have a pair of glasses athome that make me see double. BaldwinYes: I've seen you using thfin.Oue is a beer mug and the other is awhisky tumbler. -Chicago Tribune.' " . The Particular Sex.A blind girl lately discarded her affianced lover because a confidentialfriend informed her, that the youngman squinted.- I'hiladelphla Ledger.wv - t ? -". gftyer quit when fai.nro srars .voH"ifcfile fare. AHtflem'fre nTgy n:irivchanges a failure &to a great siR-tiea.-3r.It-1, ' "" " -BBBBBBM BBBBBB " -v .BBBBB. BBBBBa "" BBBBBBBHBBBM . , Z"5T O 23 K' :BBBHIBBVi u C3 J2 fl o xBSBBBB U 3 JC ft -2 nE I s c s 2 1I So s 5 m CIBBBB IV I 5 Rj BlBl BBBBBBBBBBB I I' a' a fc S 2 g J ,bIbbmm I a sK' " O . c:t50 , -BB BBBBBB I C'V- .5 e t:BB-ZBBT I iS-- w 8 M j -o 5 ,'itBBBBBBBB I A I r-rfVf- ' - fe N. -rBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB JTU U Hi I -r- ArfW- fc -J C S "ti O - rH fBBBBBBBP I -- HJ 1 - v0" Cmfkr' fi2zZ IS c) rci 5 !BBBBBBBBBBBBBB1 BBBBBBBBBBBBBV Bl --- a y l - iL iiil V. w u fj .BBBBBBBBBIBBB I 'Nh e Ti tftol , B w J.BHHHbHbSbBBBbT I 1! (11 M ; ri P-V'' at S jCJ G co wbHbIbbbb. I Hhi ? 1 iM II o 1bMb I Hm- TS H 1 ffi S h -3 1 3 ftBH BBBB I ' HiHHHiBS ' ; ! -rBBBBBBB BBBBBBB BBBBBBBBBBt pljBBBBBBBV Bl .BBBBBBV BBBBBl BBBBBt BBBBihbBBBB5E I D' SS' 5 c I -22BBbVBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB ffBV .BBBBBBBBB? BBBV 4 E5U ? ?M - I IbHbVP VbMbibV sb TS VX gg OB ;BHHbH I bCbH 9.tapB "b MbIHHbI s & S i ib1bB I BB CbW O C "BBBBBBHHi BBBBIHBBBBBV lBBBBBBB . H1 1V , ' - .' ' - - - y id'we--if 3r .1.V"'AI H-g nno- i; - CQ . l 2 r? W 105 lJl2I BBP"BbV bH O M H 41 T- T- : T- . ""01 A f Av bbbH a "So. ' 1 '5 I M H m - JJSW It i.S c S. : ,-. : ' )( f illix -" IJJ .3.8 3 03 IllliP 1 la: U&S& .rla IIIC3 & as- ES IS lS98A- -S-EiJ P SMI03 lUC -S o 22 O rt H T5 ifSii .5 " M oi ch' rr 53 co jS,5.3 5 os.s5 M .ni II. -r3! sss tsS fH piil-:liiS is h '5 2 5i "is1? "! S7 MMBYBYBYbW BYBYbLBYbV r O S ?"SB S 'S J BfBfBfflBffBYBflSbIbMbbH - iy 2 g o a 2 "&J S ! BBt-- BffBffBffBffBffBBBfaffBP8IBBH . 9"4 S , S3 .ff - C rt,MHH?,r U I 1bbbK bIbbbHBP.H m I m W l 3 h4 , riGc't2 1 B VbbI M b b W " IbbbbI B bbbi " w w - C orS' T3'-M0oi;n K .ar-22 bCSbbI sii5iiruEii!T " 3W H BBBBBB BBB " !" C r- - ' 2 ! BBbH BBBBbIC BBYBYf -BBBBtBlBBBBWi""" " -. " -' 5 C I J 5 ; V -fTI: bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbI O 0U a ?c ' fJ K T3 tr2 .S n.2l . -- -tf5 bbbbF bbH. fa ! 2 .2 S 8 8 T S : r o "5 3 is ' I t" - bbbbbbF" rf8.8 55Bj ih rzL bbu 4 m Hi l'il55Hu ill i .Cflo ill? - P WJ 01i-il50t 3 ftS H T-bb?S2 5ri sstsiH!rS O f ! s.1- s: & f J?H f VIJfel S li aaMl: - Ittl S as - -i ? Ss s s s g Ww 5 Im U 2 l 2 1 lj "2a h rh W 5g lu .g K w j IS d M tS w? A ;$3 2 hj g i -S3 faBBBV fTE .QC . 1 , ill 1 Q mi 8 it 1 1 3 "5 'geg"gMBBMM.BB,BBMPhaMh , g II """"- Z . s. ",',rzA . .Zv-! T?-rFl" 1 ' .'Si-"Ml4tTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 10, 1911BiAn Early Wall Paper.Oa preparing a room in BradbourmeHall, Derbyshire, in 1S82, 1 founfl, partly covered by an old oak cupboard,considerable remains of quite earlyeighteenth century wall paper, of palegreen tint, with a flowing pattern indarker color on it This paper wasmade in squares of about twenty inches, and I was able to rescue two ormore complete pieces. It had beenprinted on rather thick paper from.woodcut blocks, and each square wasnailed up with coarse iron tacks aboutone and a half inches apart, each tackbeing run through squares or washersof fcrowii leather, so that both tackheads and washers showed all aroundeach square of paper. It is possiblethat this wall paper was of late seven-1teenth century date. Bradbourne Hall,in the lower peak, is a picturesquehouse, almost unaltered, of the time ofJames I., having been then fashionedfrom the canonical house of the Augustins of Dunstable. It was just theplace "far from the madding crowd"where curious details of domesticdecorations would survive. LondonKotos and Queries.The Cynic's Point of View.Of course we all like to know thatour enemies are vulnerable, but it isonly i lie cynical elect who can appreciate with fine epicurean fastidiousnessthe glorious revelation that theirfriends are human after all. And it isnot only" the weakness .of those nearand dear to us, but their misfortunesand annoyances, which give a (brill ofillicit joy to those honest contortionists who can look in their own hearts.I once heard a young mother say thatthere was only one thing which gaveher greater pleasure than hearing thatjthe children of her friends were sick,and that was to hear that they werebad. 2so one but a brom-idiot (to borrow the excellent root with which Mr.Celett Burgess has enriched us) wouldthink of condemning this young womanfor being malicious or unkind. Miseryis not the only human quality thatloves company. Some of her distantrelatives Anxiety. Discouragement.'Annoyance are equally sociable. Atlantic. The Forbidden City.Peking has been a city for somethinglike 3.000 years, first as the capital ofa. small state, then destroyed, again rebuilt and finally molded into theform in which we now. know it, withits Chinese, Tartar, Imperial and Forbidden cities, each with its inclosingwall. Nobody has ever yet attemptedto tell the full tale of its intrigues, itscabals, plots aud counterplots. Fewknow anything about them. Xo oneperson knows them all. If only thebricks that form the walls could finda tongue, if only the pavilions on theCoal Hill could produce the sights andsounds that have fallen to their lot to"See and hear, there would doubtless boa tale to tell which inifflit vie in inter-1est and dramatic force with anvthin-that ancient Rome or Babylon has given, even through the medium of fiction. Shanghai Mercurr.y :1KI Napoleon and Waterloo.There is nothing in the result of the."Waterloo campaign to show any decline in Napoleon's powers of mind.The plan of the campaign as laid downby the emperor was a most brilliantone, and had it not rained on the nightof the 17th of June Napoleon would inall likelihood have kept his throne.Had it not rained and made the landmiry he would have had his artilleryin position four hours before he actually did, and Wellington would havebeen disposed of long before Blucher'sarrival. Even as it was. the Iron Duke.was pretty well used up when thePrussian came up on his left. Napoleon's genius never shone more brilliantly than it did in his last campaign.He was defeated by the elements andby the unaccountable stupidity of some jof his lieutenant.-. New York American.t Assyrian Seals.The ancient Assyrians nearly G.000years aire put in moist clay their seals,engraved in imatilio upon preciousstones, on chests and doors, in orderto prevent their being opened. Therewere no locks or keys in those days.If they wished to send a private letter they would often seal it with ahippogriff. which fabulous wingedhorse was regarded as the emblem ofsecrecy. Centuries later the Greeksand llomans adopted similar devicesfor the same purpose.; He Whistled.Lady (to grocer's boy) Don'tOldyou know that it is very rude to wins- Itie when dealing with a lady? Il5oy Jhals liat the guvnor told !me to do. mum."Told you to whistle?'"Yes m. Heisaid if we ever sold vouanything we'd'l.ave to whistle for themoney."'Her Sweepina Abilities.Mrs. Xeuridi Did you notice howjraudly our daughter swept into the70om at Mrs. Puppsuii's reception lastnight?Neurich Sure 1 did! Wheu it cqmesto sweeping into a room Maiuie winslna walk. But when it comes tosweeping out a room she goes lame.t ,.Wanted It Plain.Mrs. Youligwife 1 want to get somesalad. Dealer. Yes'm. How 'manybeads? Mrs.- Youngwife Oh. goodBees! I thought you took the headsoff. I just want plain chicken salad.JK Appearances.tmifMirf Prisoner No. vour honor, butI fcepe y don't judge by appear-Matitrat If &lrremember4richtly;-is nTimi-JrsL aniraucjinA Mohammedan Festival.Taboots is an Indian festival In connection with the celebration of themonth of Moharrara, which begins theyear of the true Mohammedan. Thisfestival commemorates the death ofPrince Uossein, the grandson of Mohammed, who met his death in battleafter ten days' fighting against KingOmar. The word taboot, from whichthe festival takes its name, means literally a tomb, and it is always builtin front of the homes of some richand important Mohammedans and under a temporary shed built for thispurpose. The taboots are made fromthin bamboo strips covered with highly colored paper, and it is' always decorated with isinglass, gold and silverpaper, glass balls and much red andgreen paint. On the ninth day of thefestival of Taboots the taboots are carried in a possession through the streetsof the various cities in India. On thetenth day all the taboots are throwninto some river, and thus ends theMohammedan festival of Taboots.Boston Ilerald.Primitive Fire Fighters.As late as the end of the sixteenthcentury in Londou the sole method ofextinguishing tires was by means ofcontrivauces known as "hand squirts."These were usually m:ule of brass,with a carrying capacity ranging fromtwo to four quarts of water. The twoquart "squirts" were two and a halffeet in length, one and a half inches indiameter at their largest part and buthalf an inch at the nozzle. On eachside were handles, and three men wererequired to manipulate a "squirt."One man on each side grasped the handle in one hand and the nozzle in theother, while the third man worked thepiston or plunger, drawing it out whilethe nozzle was immersed in a supplyof water which filled the cylinder.The bearers then elevated the nozzle,when the other pushed in the plunger,the skill of the former being employedin directing the stream of water uponthe lire. Such primitive contrivancesare said to have been used during thegreat fire of 1GGC.Mythical Horses.1 Pegasus ("born near the source ofthe ocean") was the winged horse of, Apollo and the Muses. Bellerophou! rode this animal when he charged theChimera.Sleipnir ("the black horse of Odin")had eight legs and could carry his master on sea as well as land. This animal is believed to typify the wind,which blows from eight differentpoints.Al Borak ("the lightning'') was thehorse commissioned bj Gabriel to early Mobamzned to the seventh heaven.He. had a human face and the wingsof an eagle. 13 very step he took wasequal to the farthest range of humanvision.According to Thessalian legend, thefir5t h0VS(i was miraculously broughtforth to Xeptunc striking a rock withhis trident.A Japanese Anthem.The majority of national anthems arenot conspicuous for beauty, either ofwords or muic. The only one composed by a musician of the very firstrank is the Austrian anthem, for whichHaydn is responsible. And in nocountry has the composition of a reallygreat poet been adopted except in Norway, where Bjornson's stirring linesbeginning "Yes, we love this country."serve as the national anthem. TheJapanese have a daintily worded anthem which Captain Brinkley translates as follows:Until this grain of sand.Tossed by each "wavelet's freak,(Jiows to a cloud girt peak,Towering above the land;Until the dewy HakeBeading this blossom's sold.Swell to a mighty lake.ce upon age untold,Joy to joy manifoldAdd fur our sovereign's sake.A Dirge.She laid the still white form beside!those which had irone before. No sob,no sigh, forced its way from her heart,throbbing as though it would burst.Suddenly a cry broke the stillness ofthe place, one single heartbreakingshriek; then silence, another cry, more jsilence, then all silent but for a gut-itural murmur which seemed to well upfrom her very soul. She left the place.She would lay auother egg tomorrow.Princeton Tiger.Reversed. jAn East Bobton doctor told of the'experience of a druggist the other day!who sold some alcohol to a new customer. After the man had signed thebook as required he said: "Now. don't jget that name twisted. It is Michael!Sullivan and not Sullivan Michael,j same as they turned it around in thejdirectory." Boston Journal.A Light Retort.'How did the trouble in the familv!start?""The wife, it seems, got tired of herhusband's heavy wit.'"Why didn't she simply make a lightretort?""She did. She threw the lamp athim." Exchange.A Puzzle.Mother (reprovingly to little girl justready to go for a walk) Dolly, thathole was nothi vour glove this morning. Dolly (promptly) Where was, it..then, mamma?Couldn't Risk It.TTusb.'ind Did you hunt up the newcook's references? WireNo. John. Irdidti't.tl wiis.afrukl theysarighteprpveprejudicial. Harper's TOazar.'''fPI.. (..,....- tl.. .! .7y. .wuyc c,uvm xiuu au uueaj jpillow. Cowper.Sir Hugh!I By EDITH GRAY I(CopjrriKM, MO, by Associated Literary 2'reeeOAileen Clinton was a queer girlevery one of importance said that.But since those every ones consistedof the daughters and wives of themillionaire settlers of the lovely suburb of Llynwood, along with theircousins and aunts and the usual contingent of society folk from the city,Miss Clinton, regardless of judgmentfrom without, continued in her muchlamented course. However, she lostthereby not one whit of the love ofthe small children of the district.Not that the charming daughter ofthe former rector of St. James's associated with cooks and patronizedcoachmen, indiscriminately and without distinction, even though she didhave a way of discovering, now andthen, among the lower strata of theexclusive suburb, Individuals of gentleness of manner, of general unselfishness and sweetness of character,often so lamentably lacking in theirsocial matters. This girl had astrange and lovely power of summoning from all she touched the very bestin thought and deed, and many anoriginal word of comment, many asolid bit of philosophy, did she extract by subtle means from those shecalled her friends. It is true that thewiser and more penetrating of thedull-eyed upper class confided amongthemselves that Aileen Clinton's purposes, in this study of human character, were not altogether altruistic."Sho writes," they whispered, "formagazines, and seeks material."Nevertheless, her queerness wasnot entirely excused on that score,and many a cutting snub to heramusement be It said, however didshe receive from women who, in timeof trouble were only too ready to callon her for aid.However, there was one estate,owned by a certain Llo3'd Coverly,where Miss Clinton was never madeto doubt her welcome. Again andagain, in her cross-country rambles,she passed through the great gateway,beneath the arching elms on her wayto the house beyond. The courtlyhost and his invalid wife were alwaysoverjoyed to see the radiant girl, hut,although she loved them well, it wasinvariably her most sympathetic selfthat was foremost in prominence asshe turned from the broad drive, onher homeward trips, hurrying alongthe box-hedged pathway in the direction of the conservatory door beyond.For here, amidst trellises of smllaxand nodding rosebuds, among boxesof enruations and frail, sweet pansyflowers, her brave friend Hugh heldsway.Hugh MeDounel was no commongardener, no mere snipper of shootsand sprays, neither was he a keeneyed explainer of temperatures, norscientific exploiter of theories, strangeand new. This Hugh had intellect,his broad brow and deep-set eyeswould have betrayed that to the girlat once, even if his unusual purity ofdiction and remarkable knowledge ofthe world's affairs had not from thefirst attracted her. The girl used towatch him, wondering, as his fingersfastened straying tendrills and transplanted tender shoots, how a man'shands could remain so fine, so shapely in spite of the roughening strain ofrigorous garden work. Trulv. theman was a gentleman, not merely, asI some folks classify with patronizingsiiuie ana upward mt or brow, oneof nature's gentlemen," but at heartand soul a gentleman.Aileen's conviction of this man'sorigin had often led her to talk ofHugh amidst the luxuries of the draw-hig room beyondBut her host couldtell her nothing of the man, save thatwhen he came, his credentials hadbeen good and that for ten years hehad served them faithfully and well.He had thwarted all attempts at con-vursatlon concerning his former lifeand his master had respected his se-crets. Yet though Lloyd Coverly knewthat the gardener was superior to hissurroundings, he did not enshroud hispast with the glamour and mysteryof romance, as the girl was wont todo.The little invalid wife, frail andsweet as the fragrant spray of holiotrops within her slender hand, spokeconclusively one day from her favorlte place before the fire: "You and I.Aileeu, know in spite of Lloyd'sstupidity that therewas a womanonce, brave and sweet and true, andso our Scotchman is a gentleman andalways will be. His mask Is clever,but so fine and good a man couldnever quite deceive1 wish that you"would make a story of it, dear."The words occurred again to thegirl as she'hurried, several days later,along the bleak stretch of wind-sweptroad, and caused her to laugh a littlefor sheer scorn of her small art. Astory of it! "Why; who would dare totouch the flawless Hugh? Sir Hugh. Ias she named him in her heart andspoil his tale with the bungling ofmere words? She laughed again asshe turned down the familiar pathtoward the greenhouse door beyond.She found the man today, bendinglow over a box of discarded castaways, the floral rubbish from thehouse above. The marguerites wereuntouched with stain, and to the girl:i unaccustomed toprodigality the ! ar -aii9?f.40S,dd5t.MdrfrhbutfiiugupassMiJiyHUMinLTau regai41e8,ami thp vlrl saw VHtVi cnmvlaa (Kaf" ". ...pioo wumi.he w, selecting one by one, the lily-pt-uie-vaiiey, sprays an torn andtjtrooptna; tfcough they were. Quitoand fait a traitor and ashamed to eethe secret of Hugh's heart wrjt in thepale, drawn face above his task.Hugh McDonnel would never haveunbent to any one, surely last of allto that person who might consciouslystrive to gain his confidence, but ashe turned and saw the outpouring ofhis heart's secret reflected in the tender eyes of the girl before him, hisconfidence rose up to meet her sympathy. "Miss Aileen," he said, simply, unembarrassed, and at ease,"they were her flowers, my dear."Her flowers! Oh, far-seeing, littloMistress Invalid! The girl's brainswam, revolting at the bitterness,yet even now her heart rejoiced inhis full confidence.For Hugh, the gardener, the manof work, the underling and servant,told the strange story of his loweringto the girl beside him. And as hetalked the great Scotch house seemedeven now before her, the fields andwoods, the hills and running streams,the brother love betrayed."You see," said Hugh, "they thoughtI took the sum. Ah, well, I thoughtthat she loved Jeff a fine, bright ladhe was I thought that she loved Jeffand so I took the blame."Then there were quick footstepsfrom without, and suddenly Hughstood, keen ,erect, once more theclever player, enacting his part. "Youwill forget," he said. "My sorrowmust not trouble you promise, youwill forget."The girl looked up into the anxiousface of the man above her, andthrough her tears, she smiled. "I willforget.""I will forget." A promise is easyto give, but as day followed day, thestory took more vital hold of thegirl's deep sympathy, and time, instead of obliterating it, seared it deep,making it a sorrow of her own. Theman's fine honor, his wondrous sac-rifice, were before her In her walks,her duties, her pleasures, and herPlay.Most keenly did she feel his injury jthat night of the great reception atthe Coverly home. She had been ask. ied early, as an honored friend to helpreceive, but, somehow, through themusic and laughter one thought heldsway the injustice of the powers andthe desire to right this wrong. Perhaps it was the banks of lilies thatsuggested Hugh so persistently, or itmight have been the little Scotchwoman, the guest of a neighbor, whobrought hack the hurt, an unconsciousreminder of the country of his birth.A slender, fragile little soul she was,this Jean McVey, and Aileen wondered, as she bent above the bowl offragrant blooms, at the sorrow in hereyes.And the girl marveled still more atthe start the woman gave and thetearful pallor of her face when shequestioned her about her love of thesesame tlowers. She trembled and thenshe said:"I am not well forgive my stupidness, dear girl a little air wouldhelp."Aileen sought their cloaks, and bycome inspiration, divining her lovefor tlowers, she led the little womanalong the box-hedged walk to wherethe conservatory windows gleamedbrightly in the moonlight.There was some one in the outerroom and as she knocked, Hugh opened wide the door.Then, in a Hash, the girl perceivedth ending of her tale, for the man'sface was as flame, and the Aomantrembled toward him."Hugh, Hugh," sho cried. "Allthrough the world 1 have sought. Jelftold that it was he and always fromthe first, 1 have loved you!"The gill's eyes were blinded asHugh caught his old love in his arms,and as she hurried back through thedarkness, there seemed a frail, faintfragrance of lilies follow ing her.HOW A BELL IS TUNEDThe Notes Must BlendProduce Perfectmony.in OrderHar-to"What a beautiful tone that hellhas!" is often heard. There are few,however, who know how a hell receives its joyful or solemn tones.All bells after they are cast and finished must go through a process oftuning the same as any other musicalinstrument before they respond witha clear, true tone. Every bell 'soundslive notes, which must blend togetherin order to produce perfect harmony.The tuning of a bell Is done bymeans of shaving thin bits from various pans of the metal. It is as easyfor an expert bell tuner to put a bellin tune as it is for a piano tuner toadjust his iu&lrumeut to perfectchords.At first thought it would seem thata bell would be ruined should thetuner shave off too much at the lasttuning, or the fifth sound, but suchis not the case. He would, however,be obliged to begin over, starting againwith the first tone and shaving thehell until it gave forth its harmonioussound at the fifth tone. ScientificAmerican.The .Waiter Knew.Nat Wills, though by no means somuch a tramp off the stage as on, frequently makes ,a stab for material forhis stunts in restaurants On the roadone day he tried to ineaiufe the intelligence of a waiter at 'a "bef-and-ery.""Let me have a plate of IntoxicatedIrjl," he saidl.ooltheof,a,minutefctptumbie, then-ehe-yelledintorthekitchen 7&mn&v - ssrmt ''.'.Plate of beef stew!" New YorkTelegraph.- 1On Nagging.My son taught me a leaton on thesubject of "nagging" when he was butfour years old and one that I have never forgotten, ne had been guilty of asmall misdemeanor and had tried towriggle out of it by not telling the exact truth. I gave him a mild spanking and. as has always been my custom, talked the matter over afterward.I began by saying, "Now, Robert, ifyou had told me the truth I should nothave punished you."' TTrx ?t-rnr linf-rr mo cTnnfnf fITiefoot along the carpet, and he lookedup at me and said. "What would youhave done?" And I answered, "Ishould have only talked to you.""Well." he drawled, "how long wouldyou have talked?"He is a big boy in high school now,but when times arise requiring a reprimand and I get started I still hearthat little voice, "now long would youhave talked?" and I go right to thepoint and say what I have to say onthe subject; but. in the boy's owu language, I "cut it short" and never referto it again unless it is absolutely necessary. Harper's Bazar.Killing a Bull Without a Weapon.Caj-ctano, a famous Spanish toreador,once was strolling across a meadowwith a couple of friends when his attention was attracted by an old andinfuriated bull which was galloping toward them with lowered head anderect tail. Cayetano had no weapon,not even a cane, but he seized a dustcoat which one of his friends was carrying over his arm. As scon as thebull got close to them Cayetano badehis companions make their escapewhile he engaged the animal's attention. Using the coat as a capa, hedrove the bull crazy with fury, stepping aside with the deftest agility ateach of the animal's charges. In thismanner he caused the bull to turnsharply in the midst of its onwardrushes until linally an ominous crackwas heard, and the bull fell in a heap,with its backbone broken by the sud-den wrench given by the animal'sabrupt swerve.A Lincoln Anecdote.Jaspar Alban Conant tells the following anecdote of Lincoln in the Metropolitan Magazine:"One of the comical characters inWashington during the war was jollyold Isaac Newton, the PhiladelphiaQuaker whom Lincoln appointed commissioner of agriculture a new officejust created by congress. Newton, whotried and at the same time amusedthe president, had made his reputationon a dairy farm. Beyond this he knewlittle of agriculture."Ilea ring which. I could not refrainfrom asking Lincoln why he had appointed such an ignorant man to theoffice." 'Because I think he's eompetentenough to attend to all the agriculturewe will have till the war is ended,' wasthe answer."The Long Silence."Yes. we are prettj comfortablyfixed here." admitted a veteran employee in the reading room of the Congressional library when a visitor envied him his soft berth and comfortable surroundings. "But there's ouething we long for yes, thirst for witha burning thirst. That's noise a, real,nerve racking, ear splitting noise. Thelong hours of soft silence, the deadstillness of everything about, grows sooppressive that at times we couldshriek out. We get into a sort of sickroom tiptoe and a low tone of voicethat finally degenerates into a whispereven at the telephone. Give us au occasional battery of artillery or a roaring lion or a steam calliope. Even asqualling baby would help some."Washington Star.Just a Blunder.Sir Up tree Moniless (who has got oldColdkash in a corner at the club) Mr.Coldkash, your daughter is the idol ofmy life, the one hope and aim of myexistence. Might i dare hope thatsome day I may be permitted to callher wife?Mr. Coldkash (astounded) But, mydear sir, I have no daughter.Sir Uptree M. Oh, pardon me! Somebody told me that you had. Let's havea drink. London Scraps.The Decoy."I notice," said the man to the parson, "that, although I am in the frontpew, there is always a five dollar billon the collection plate when it comesto me. Is that the contribution of theman who takes up the collection?""Not at all" replied the parson, whobelieved in business methods. "That'sour decoy." Detroit Free Press.She Thought Right.Mrs. Young I want to get a divorcefrom my husband. Lawyer Well, whatare your charges? Mrs. Young Mycharges? Mercy: I thought I'd haveto pay you. Boston Transcript.A Duke's Maxim.It was a maxim of the first Duke ofPortland, who was a great lover ofrace horses, that there were only twoplaces where all men are equal onthe turf aud under the turf.Sir Walter's Knock."Buff on the cloak' remarked SirWalter lialeigh as he spread downhis velvet garment before Queen Elizabeth, ne could not resist giving herthis little wrap. ,Just the Contrary."I suppose you're one of those idiotsthat touch wet paint to see If it's dry."Xo.llnnot.touchtaojsee. 1 f, it-Lodo"wBuiich.HHrf3-. Annt" . : - & umA straight line is shortest in moralss well a in geometry. Kabul.An Innaaant AMmali ) vA smuggling story in whJcli a W?tman fooled her trasupectinc Sctof Iis told in the Century. Tb !'was a retired general, a martiait Jatjdiscipline and overscrupulowi raflPtVfing even the shadow of laxitj In tlMrperformance of his own oblifmtitI"Xo smuggling was to be permttU6'?he told his wife, and before lealegParis he insisted on making a fmU litof every dutiable article in his pojatession. Unknown to him she boghtS-several yards of Venetian lace. HWito hide it was a problem until sfcthought of ripping the lining of Missovercoat: and hiding the lace InsideShe regarded her cunning as a tremendous joke, and to this day he does notknow how she laughed to herselfwhen, wearing that very same coat onithe dock, he dreiv himself up to bisfull military height and. with freeconscience, pointed to a tray containing "all his purchases." No idea offanything so serious as defrauding thegovernment had ever entered her .frolicsome mind. " .He Needed a Prodding.ITis arm was round her waist, her,hand was on his shoulder, and they,were walking through the fields asthey had been wont to do for ninelong years."Em," said he, "we've been coortin' f J.!.- irra TifkTX ".. tivj ui"- -uv..."Nine year come nex August bank:holiday, George.""I told you, fust start off, as liour Ishouldn't be in no hurry to git married, Em.""You didn't tell no lie about it, neither, George," she declared, "With afsigh."You're a-talkin' as if you was sorry,that I'm a man o' my word, Em," besaid reprovingly."Well, George," she replied, "now,you mention it I have bin thinkin' thislast year or two that if you could seeyour way to go back on your wordjust this once it wouldn't be amiss."London Mail. , .The Houw Was Shaky. ' "When ."John Quim-y Adams waseighty yea ix of age he met in thostreets of Boston an old friend, whoshook his trembling hand and said,"Good morning, and how is JohnQuincy Adams today?""Thank you' w:i the ox-president"answer. "John Quincy Adams himselfis well, sir: quite well. 1 thank yonBut the houe in which he lives atpresent is becoming dilapidated. It istottering upon its foundation. Timeand the seasons have nearly destroyedit. Its roof is pretty well worn outIts walls are much shattered, and ittrembles with every wind. The oldtenement is becoming almost uninhabitable, and I think John Quincy Adamswill have to move out of it soon. Buthe himself is quite well, sir; quitawell.""With that the venerable sixth president of the United States moved oawith the aid of his staff.Had All His Nerve With Him.In a downtown stand up lunch place,where the chief source of the waiters', revenue l in the form of tips andwhere the patrons are supposed to steplively so tha,t those who wait may baaccommodated, a man has been coming of late who brings newspaperwith him and reads it leN'irely, sometimes for half iiu hour, while he takeshis modest luncheon. The waiter atwhose station he planted himself oneday recently was prepared for theemergency, and when the man bad,finished reading his paper the servanthanded hjm two others with the remark: "Maybe you'd like to seethese?" The other waiters, knowingof the plot, looked to see the man wilt.but were disappointed. He took thepapers with thanks, continued 'reading, and finally, when he asked for hischeek, asked also whether he mightkeep the papers. Xew York Tribune.One of Falb's Predictions.In 1ST4 Professor Budolf Falb predicted au eruption of Etna on Aug. 27.lie offered a Vienna editor to writ'an account of it if the editor wouldsend him to Sicily. Falb was commissioned. When he reached Etna therewas not the slightest sign of disturbance. As the J7th approached Falbwas tortured with anxiety ami spentsleepless nights watching the volcano,tbing happened on the 27th and:2Sth. The following morning the servant rushed iuto the professor's roomshouting. "An eruption, a terribleeruption!'" Falb saw the spectacle andsent off his dispatch."One" as a Pronoun.I have never beeu smitten with theuse of the word "one" as a pronoun.It takes a word juggler to attempt itand get away with it. Unless one feelsthat one has won one's spurs in thisrespect and can extricate oneself fromthe nieiss one gets oneself and onesreaders into one should avoid the useif the word one in referring to oneselfas one would a plague. Loudon Idler.Swift.Teacher Children, nature Is superior I.to man in everything. For instanced ithere is nothing that travels so,ftwt,ame unseen wind. "Willie Huh! Youought to hear what my pa says'abotfta sight draft! Puck.His Part.ho is the resixmsihln rwr-Mltathis firm?" asked the brusque ciierWthe otfice bov.i onice boy.Can't tell you, sir," replied the pert, "but I'm the one who t uladone who gets attthe blame."(vrj --"VWiyUnd.RasKS3 SOsr saagSMLfyrp.'os affairs and overlooking oiSwT ".Jt' TAJ-Jtm4miJmmmpmimmwfif ft a,,fii frr-t-.fifciffiIi1 1 sA 'kU'J'La T-.,-itii' ift iiui -i.Ttdiktft is ii in irtfr'iirfi i jMirmammRMtwmMammmm,Arikuiajt-T&nhici&a& kift&aih'U..jfei-ki(Uilf- ' " . i, - .x. .J,1 '.,-,"- -.-j , v ', . - Itf-i. -,... ,THEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS,.. KENTUCKY, JAN.. 10, 1911.m BOURBON NEWS.GOODS OF QUALITYCVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSBig Clearance Sale.J eginslSaturday at FrankJ& Co. s.fc.ouard's'Name Sent to Senate.An Associated Press Telegram -fromashlngton yesterday said: "The.inmlnation of H. Clay Howard, of,'ariF, Kentucky, to he Minister offfrj was senn to the Senate by thet resident today."znhattanShirts atPrices.Reduceda limited time only.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Official Visit.tr. Alfrevv Cowling, of Newport,i ihtrict Deputy of the Grand Exalted. uher of Elks will make an official.,- to the Paris lodge of Elks to- ,:ht. A full attendance of the ir.em-t-softhe local lodge is requested.Bi Bargains.. -ank & Co. cale Saturday.Elder Morgan in Laurel.jne Sentinel, of London, Ky., says:ev. Morgan, of the Paris Christianrurch. delivered an illustrated lec-r on the Holy Land at the Faristont nrch one night last wepk. Rev.Tilcrgan is one of the most prominentI reachers in the State.and this lecturea:. delivered while he was on a isitRev. lioyd Baker.'7PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Lucy Johnson is quite ill ofpneumonia.Mrs. N. F. Brent entertained theSewing Club Saturday.Mis. Bruce Adair entertained atcards Satruday afternoon.Senator Karris, of Garrard county,was a visitor in the city yesterday.Mr. L. B. Purnell entertained anumber of friends with a birthday dinner Sunday.Mrs. Mary Price, of Cincinnati, issiriously ill. Mrs. Price is the motherof Mt. I. Li. Price and formerly livedin Paris.Mrs. Mattie Hughes has returnedto her home in this city after a visitto her sister, Mrs. W. C. H. Wood, inLexington.was called bythe bedside ofLilienfell, whoMrs. I. L. Pricetelegram Saturday toher brother Mr. Wm.lives in Chicago.Miss Rosa Margolen will leave thelatter part of this week for Purcell,Oklahoma, where she will make herfuture home wth her sister, Mrs. Geo.Schwartz.Miss Gwendylyn Houston, ofWichita. Kas., who nas been the guestof Mrs. W. W. Judy, has returned to aVirginia College, where sne will resume her studies.Mr. B. Me ritt Shobe left Sundayfor his home in Salem, N. J., aftera visit to his wife's parents, Mr. andMr j. J. H. Butler.Mrs. Shobe willJanuary with herLast Chance.This is the last chance to secure anythose big bargains in chairs at ouriore. They ere going fast at therreatly reduced prices. See the window display. This is positively theL-t svcpk thaat they may be had at'-e prices.J. T. HINTON.Manhattan Shirts Reduced.Recording to contract with the Man1 ..ttan Shirt Co., we are now perrnitfd to offer the famous ManhattanI: .jrts al reduced price3 for a limited"-me beginning tcday.JI.50 Manhattan Shirts, SI. 15:jl.bo Manhattan Shirts, S1.25;42.00 Manhattan Shirts, SI. 33 ;J2.o0 and S3 Manhattan Shirts, 1.S8.tiff and Soft Bo3oms, Plaited and'"c'licreeJ. W. DAVIS & CO.notice to County High SchoolEligibles.January 27 and 28the County Boardit Examiners will examine al BourL en county pupils who have completedthe rural school course of study. Thefollowing Monday, January 30ch, thejcond term of Paris City and Bourbon( ounty High School opens. Newt asses will bo organized for the newfudents. Tuition free. Eveiy thingis jn excellent condition and a largeciacs is expected.Sale Saturday.The reliable firm of Frank & Co.begin their January sale Saturday.spend the month ofparents.Mrs. Martha D. Waggoner, ofHarrison county, was the guest Thurs"day of her hrcther, Mr. G. W. TaylorJ and sister, Mrs. Mary Wood, on South1 Main street. This": was the first visitof Mrs. Waggoner to her brother andsister in years.Mrs. Mary Howse, of Carlisle, accompanied by her daughter, Mrs. Rudolph Davis, of this city, left Saturdayfor California where they spend thewinter. Enroute they will stop overfor short visits in St. Louis and Kansas City.The Harrodbsurg Herald says:"Airs. Annie Goddard, who has beenspending the holidays here with herdaughter, Mr. Curry Dedman, has returned to Bouroon College, Paris.Misses Ruby Redwitz, Gladys VanArsdall and Florence Nooe. studentsat the college, accompanied her back.''Judge Robert Lee Stout, who wasstricken with illness five weeks agowhile conducting the November termof the Bourbon Circuit Court and whui later suffered a severe attack of tyI phoid fever is able to sit up and take a' little nourishment. Unless a relapseoccurs Judge Stout, who has been attended by trained nurses and Mrs.Stout, who has been constantly at thebedside of her husband, is expected torapidly recover.MATRIMONIAL.An Omission.The name "of Miss Alcase Heller,. tudent in the eighth grade of theParis High School, was Jomitted fromtrie published report of the Honor Rollhich appeared Friday in the News.Her report showed tht she received apercentage of 90. A typographicalerror in the same report gave MissFrieda Hellei who is a member of theenior cla&s an average of i)G per centinstead of 97. Mis3 Heller, who leadsher class for the month, is a veryLright student and will be one of therraduates next June.Wednesday ovening at seveno'clock at the home of the biide'sj father. Dr. Coons, in Georgetown,' Mis Ethel Coons was married to Mr.Logan Bryan.he bridegroom is the son of Mr. and; Mrs. J. C. Bryan, of North Middle-twon. Among those from here whoattended the weding were: Mr. andj Mrs. J. C. Bryan, Mrs. A. P. Bryan,i H. S. Redmon, Roy McCray. TollieYoung, J. Y. Robbins and Mr. andMrs. F. S. Kerr.Genuine Boston Brown Bread.Try our genuine Boston Browntread. Made with the best open keti'e New Orleans Molasses.H. J. GRObCHE.Frank Co.'s Saturday.Bg bargains in silk:io.'s Saturday.at Frank & jGood Groceries Cheap.Having decided to discontinue thegiovery part nf my business and to enrage exclusively in confectionery andv 3 cream business I offer for cash mygrocery stock at ccst. This is your i Packingchance to lay in a lot of first-classgroceries. No sugar sold in this sale. irn-fct come, first servec.C. B. MITCHELL.Dates for State and BourbonFair Stand.President J. M. Hall, SecretaryChas. A. Webber and the entire Boardof twenty Directors of the BourbonCounty Agricultural Society went toLexington Friday to enter a protest before the State Bootd of Agricultureagainst the changing of the dates ofthe State Fair to conflict witn thosepreviously claimed by the BourbonSociety.I To give the men representing the! Bourbon Fair a chance to he heard theState Board held an adjourned meeting Friday morning, but decided notto change to newly selected dates forthe State Fair. This action was takeni after considering the protests ot thei Bourbon representatives,i The stockmen, farmers and citUersgenerally are up in arms over toe action taken by the State Board. TheState Fair is set for the week of September 4. in direct conflict with theBourbon Fair, which has been in existence for sixty-tl ve years and is ti eoldest fair South of the Ohio River.Company EntertainsStockholders.James Clay is Rapidly Improving.ihe many friends of James T. Clay,Jun of Mrs. John Ireland, of Lexington, in this city, will be glad to learnthat he is improving from the attacknf paralysis suffered recently, and fortthich Ihe has been treated by Dr.Oias.Garr at the Red Cross Hosoital.in New York since December 'j.1. Its expecteii he will be able to returnh -rne within the next week or two.While carrying some court recordsinto one of life rooms in the courthi use at Lexington a few weeks ago,Mr. Clay was taken suddenly ill. Hewas takei to is home lut grew A'orsesnd his right side was soon affecteduith paralysis. He was then taken toNew York for treatment by a special-It is believed by the attendingsrrHialis-t that Mr. Clay at some timeprevious to his being taken ill had received a blow in the head, from whichresulted a hemorrhage of thejbrain.Mr. Clay cannot recall any occasionwhen he was struck on the head. Heis now able to put his right hand to hisface and can bear his weight upon hisright foot.Saturday Sure.uits and cloaks at bargain prices atFrank &. Co. ''The stockholders of the BaldwinPacking Company net at the plant ofthe concern near this 2ity Friday afternoon for the purpose of electing -aboard of directors for the ensunigyear, and after the business sessionthey were entertained with an elaborate luncheon.The stockholders, sixty in number,at the business session chose the following to compose the board of directors: Messrs. M. R. Jacoby, T. J.Judy, Nurth Middletown, . GeorgeWystt, C. Arnsparger, F. L. Lapsley,C C. vjlark and Hon. C. M. Thomas,they were then taken through thephint and after the tour of inspectionrepaired to the sausage room where aluncheon prepared from the productsof the packing plant with the exception of a few delicacies, was served.On October 17, 1910, the plant beganoperations and at this time is employing thirty-five men at good salaries.At present they are slaughtering onehundred negs daily and since beginning operations have butchered a totalof 2,500 hogs and one hundred beeves.The enterprise from the start, hadbeen one of great success. The products are meeting the demands of thepublic and the business is daily increasing in volume.The Bourbon Fiscal Court ' has beenurged to take up the matter of macadamizing a road about one-quarter of amile in length leading to the; plant ofthe packiug company and some actionshould he taken along th:s limBIRTHS.Mrs. Oscar Williams, of near thiscity, Friday presented her husbandwith a handsome ten pound daughter,the eighth born to the couple all ofwhich are living. A singular! coincidence in connection with the birth ofthe little daughter is that her fatheris one of a family of eight children,all of whom are living and the "motherwho was formerly Miss Lou Link, ofthis county, is one of eleven children inher family and all of her brothers andsisters are living.Born, on Friday to the'wife of Mr.Ben Ardery, nee Stolworthy, of Cincinnati, a daughter, weight eightpounds.Born, yesterday morning to thewife of Mr. Frank Hodge in MassieAddition, a daughter.Born, Sunday morning to the wifenf John Gravbs, an eight pound daughter.Notice to Stockholders.There will be a meeting of the ntockholders ot the First National Bank ofParis on Tuesday, January 10, 1911, inthe office of said bank, between thehours of 9 a. m. and 3 p. m. for thepurpose of electing officers for theensuing year.C. M. THOMAS. President.IYour Opportunity.to get the best fitting, best wearingshirts made at the price of cheap ones.All fancy Manhattan Jrhirts reduced.J. W. DAVIS & CO.DEATHS.Mr. Lee Wigglesworth, one of theproprietors of the Poindexter Distillery at Poindexter, Ky., died earlyFriaay morning at the home of hisbrother, gGarmtc Wigglesworth, atPoindexter, after a short illness. Mr.Wigglesworth was about forty yearsot age, a well known distiller and popular man.J. Will Henry, for 'eighteen yearsMagistrate in Montgomery county,died at Mt. Sterling SalurJay "after along illness of Blight's disease. Hewas 70 years old, and for many yearswas a large handler of stock. Fortwenty years Squire Henry &wa& aleader in Democratic political Jcirclesand was a power throughout the TenthConrgessoinal District. He was buried Sunday by the Masons and Odd Fellows, having been a member of bothorders for years.Dr. Robert J. I?. Til ton. perhapsthe most prominent and widely knownof the older physicians of Central Kentucky, died at Carlisle after an t illnessof more than a year, aged 79 years.Dr.VTilton for more than half a century had engaged in the active practice of medicine in Nicholas county,and his reputation as a skillful physician and surgeon had extended to allparts of Central Kentucky. He wasfor half a century one of the leadingcitizens of Carlisle and served manyyears as president of the NicholasCounty Medical Association. Ho issurvived by his wife and daughter. MissJennie B. Tilton. He was a memberof the Prebsyterian church of thatcity. The funeral srevices were heldSaturday afternoon at 2 o'clock.-Jfti&7I ReductionsjSjf sjty&eat herf. kSJiays,Paris Girls Defeat RichmondTeam.Not less than one hundred and fiftypersons saw the basket ball game Friday night between the girls team representing the Parts High School, ofRichmond, in which the Paris girlsoverwhelmed the visitors bv a score of31 to G.The game was scheduled betweenthe Paris High School and the MasonCounty High School. A message wasreceived Friday from the Mason county eam that they could not play thegame and Richmond was secured to fill 'the engagement.The Paris team played to its old Itime form, the work being at times of jthe most brilliant. The L. & N. train!from Richmond being one hour and ahalf late, the game did not begin un-1til about 8:30 o'clock. During the!wait of an hour the crowd was enter-'tained with music by the High School IBand and by a game netween the boys !teams. The line-up of the teams fol-1-lows :I Paris Elsie Heller, cantain. euard:'Freida Heller, guard ; Edna Keller. 'center: Nellie Rummaus, forward :'Jessie Denton and Clara Collins, for-'ward. 'Richmond May Martin, guard; Gay 'Mansfield, guard ; Bessie Malloy, captain, center; Miss Allman, forward ;May James, forward. (Referee Miss Nell Wallis, Paris.Umpire Prof. Kelly, Richmond. ,"i'imekeepeis Prof. G. W. ChapmanParis; Mr. Greig, Richmond. .The next game is scheduled to take 'place on the evening of January J4and will be between the hoys' team of ithe Richmond school and the Paris,High School. The game will be play-'ed in the gymnasium of the ParisPublic School, and will be called at7:'i0 DVlock. Admission 21 cents. The1High School Baiu' always gives a ccn-,cert before each game.in'IFThese Prices are forThis Month only.$ 3.00 Bags, $ 2.253.004.00 Bags,5.00 Bags,8.50 Bags,11.00 Bags,11.50 Bags,12.50 Bags,13.50 Bags,43.756.508.75 49.50No goods chargedthese prices..:?.10.25 4,2.-4at"r'-Frfi, .WW TT iCj" , j 4m-Kk:..uWVlfSVp'5'(,42.'Y I'F 'j j $ f 1 4 frj ?W. Ed. Tucker.Watch this space forannouncement ofW. Ed. Tucker's BisJanuary Clearanceand Muslin Underwear Sale ....IW. Ed. Tucker.! !iFEESMealGrinnan's Old time BurrMeal, per pk.BeansSoilICash Specials ForTuesday and Wednesday. I20c IBest Hand-Picked,per qt.10cBest Grade of Head-Light Oilper gal.Dried ApplesFancy, Clean Stock,perpd.mtS7JcLFEE'SIJust to Give You AnIdea of the GreatValuesWe are offering at present throughout our wholeestablishment, litterally crowded with high-classFurniture, Carpets, Rugs, Wall Papers, and WoodMantels. Look at this Davenport for $28.85,Cash, reduced from $40,Delegates are Appointed.Governor Willson Saturday appointed H. G. Garrett, of Winchester, andJohn Speed, of Taylorsville, as delegates to the National Convention ofthe National Tariff Association whichmeets in Washington the latter part ofthis month.WANTED.Reliable, energetic man to sell lubricating oils, greases and puints jnBourbon and adjacent counties. Salary or Commission.STETSON OIL CO.,Cleveland, Ohio.LOST.White setter bitch with tan ears alsoJGordon setter dog, f solid black, shorttail, collar on white bitch market!"Roxie Davis, Paris,reward.Ky." Suitable,In Oak or Mahogeny Finish. Upholstred in Boston Leather. Full Size.Opens Automatically. Roomy box for bed clothes or skirts. The frontposts are four inches wide and have massive claw feet. There are onlytwo or three of this pattern, so if you vant one DONT WAIT. If youwish it charged it will be at the regular price of $40. A big line of Davenports and everything else similarly reduced.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Xight and Sunday 'Phones, W. 0. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dcmpsy, Home 'Phone 286.ROXIE DAVJS.BANK STOCK FOR SALE.I will sell at public auction at thecourt house dour in tV city of Paris,Saturday, January M, li)ll. at- 11o'clock a. rn.. 83 s'lares of Agricultu-al Bank Stock,3t M. P. KENNEx, Auctioneer.IJ. T. HINTON,Paris, Kentucky.1L:ni-iI:IIn9iI' , :N.1 'J- ,4 'THE BOURBON "NEWS PARIS,' "TCEKTUCKY,"- JAN. 10, 1911.jK1.'' ?ITHflHiMnMEKZd2.lWestminster CJiLnesir-nfi'tf iii ,iUSTTITUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herscliede Hail Clock cs a timepiece,a tubular chime, and an article oi furr.ihire forhome, office, or inslitohon. rpptals alike toutility, refinement, and mined taste. Theperfect movement insure: correctness of time;the solid oak or mahogaiw Ccsz, with classiclines, conforms to gcod tsjlt; and the melodious tubular chimes, sojnn ji the hours andquarters after the penis ef Whiuinrjicn crWestminster, serve as a iJ'.jing rtrnbder ofthe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, all showingthe moon's phases in the dUi .rch. We arcsales agents for The HerschecL Hfc.ll- GcckCo. of this city, and ,Iilscr J iilui'.ra'cd catalog on request.Gifts by Mail. Ycu cf n purchase giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Si.ver, Sh-fcld PUte,Gold and Silver Jewelry, Mar.'tl Clocks, Etc..through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence wLciled.Silversmiths Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Cc.Herschede Building;, Fourth Street, East,- Cincinnati, Ohio6,4&&8ZQtiSQQ8ft$r3fs?s5M , 7saaairywJOX&nim1 F11. r hy fajiftftM? h HPM" fee sa j j 1 I?; ISi& nl'il 1y tell i i$75to$750'" wnwA BANANA TREE.The Fruit Grows Small End Up and IsCut While Unripe.Contrary to popular belief, bananasdo not grow on the tree as they hangIn the grocery, but with the small endof the fruit pointing upward to allappearances upside down.There is probably no other fruit ofsuch universal consumption aboutwhich so little is known to, the averageperson as ihe banana. Scarcely oneman in a thousand uot connected withthe business knows what a bananatree looks like.The fruit is never allowed to ripenon the tree, but is cut half or threequarters "full'' that is. half to threequarters developed, according to thedistance it is to be shipped aud comesto maturity by feeding from the stalk,which contains a large amount of sap.Bananas cut in this way attain practically the same size as if allowed toremain on the tree, in which case thebunch becomes too much of a burdenfor its support and either falls orbreaks the tree and ripens on theground.After the cutting the plantation is"cleaned.' which merely consists ofsevering the standing trunks within afew feet of the ground, and a new treecomes forth from the remains of itspredecessor, so that the fruit, in allstages of growth is to be found at thesame time, and the yield is continuous.FREAKS OF A GENIUS.MIRRORSRE-SILVEREDYardeekSoiFinding a four-leaf clover means finding good luck.Using a Cloverleaf manure spreader insures perfect fertilization for your soil. Perfect fertilization means bumper crops.You want them, and we want you to have them. You can havethem if you will como to us and get a Cloverleaf manurespreader. It is the best spreader on the market, and if youcall we will explain wherein it excels. If you are not justexactly sure what machine you want to buy, call anyway andwe will explain why the use of a manure spreader will increaseyour profits, and why a Cloverleaf manure spreader will saveyou money. We are saving a catalogue for you."Won't you call and get it today?mBYC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow Bl'dg, Opp.Windsor HotelUpholstering,Repairing,Refinishing.I have just received a newlitfie of samples for upholstering covers.Home 'Phono 255.East Tenn. 392.Kill More Than Wild fiessts.Let us fill yourPrescript o n s .pure drugs andprompt service.Varden i Son.Druggist,i The Man Who Smashed Glasses In aLondon Tavern.One ilny a bulky, (all, pale faced gen-i Unman with busby, restless eyebrows1 entered a London tavern. The waiter! did not ask him for his order, but im- 'mediately bioujjit him a plate ol broad ', and cheese aud a glass of aio. Having !consumed his lunch, the pr.iest sat up-right in his chair for awhile, leaningIbis bauds on a heavy walking cane j The number ot'peocile killed yearlyI and staring blankly at the opposite by wild beasts don't approach the! wall as if in a dream. Of a sudden , vast number killed by disease germs.he gave a start, lie seized the emptv I o me is saie irom tneir aaacuh.glass and dashed it to the floor wltii ?h9?,,r ! air, water, dust, evenon 1,1- inirri.f- c,nei,i.i. i f,c food. But grand protection is a no idall lm might, smashing it to atoms. I A , . Mv Rii ...iiinh riosirovi He then reflected for a moment, laid ! d Y these tloadly disease germsa coin on the table, got up and left from thc SVstom. That's why chills,the inn without a word to any one. fever ancf ague, all malarial andAfter his departure another guest had many blood diseases jielil promptlyme cunositv 10 asic me waiter wiiotn- co mis woniieriui inuuu uurinur. j.i.Rnnpiinn ftmw and Riinnlii Hnmnami !"K( Jjmmmmmmmmmer the gentleman who had justthe glorious health ;the waiter:"Oh. no, sir! That's nothink un-' usual with 'im, sir. 'E's broke maybea 'undred glasses since ?es been a-com-Iin' to this 'ouse. 'E don't seem toj know it when 'e does it. 'E just gitsa-thinkin' and seems io git hangry at1 sornethink 'e's thinkin about. It's theone liiwjii, ituu l-iijvi.vMoney back if not satisfied. Only f0oat Oberdorfer's.f i . . it. At in ;out was not wronir in bis linnil. Onnlli . aim new sirengui inoyn gyu . uuMany Varieties of Stamps.Thoro frf nt tttf trfcf.nt tlmo rtvor21,000 varieties cf postage nUmps eat Lord Macaulay, sir."-St. James'the world.Motive What Counts.However brilliant an action, Itshould not be estimated great unlessthe result of a great motive. Le Rochefoucauld.Gazette.Parson's Poem a Gem.lrrom Rev. II. Stubenvoil, Allison,Ta., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePillsJw:151SS:8mTwin Bros.Announce TheirJanuaryOlearanceMMawiMiiA5I The Name Cuba.j Cuba is the name by which the island was originallv known to the Lu-i cayan Indians, who were wilb Colum-1 "They're such a health necessit3,j bus when ho dis.-ovored it. One of its i In every home these pills should be, villages or cities was called bv them If olho1, kincls you've tried in vain,reported llmt' , ,mm uu jii .itiui.Onlv 2o cents at Oberdorfer's.The FamousIs the Lamp of Real Beautybecause it gives the best light of alllamps. The Rayo gives a white, soft,mellow, diffused light easy on theeye because it cannot flicker. Youcan use your eyes as long as you wishunder the Rayo light without strain.S' The Rayo Lamp is low-priced, andeven though you pay $5, $10 or $20 forother lamps, you may get more expensivedecorations but you cannot get a betterlight than the low-priced Rayo gives. Astrong, durable shade-holder holds theshade on firm and true. This season'snew burner adds strength and appearance.Once a Rayo User, Always OnDialers Everywhere. If not at yours, write fzr descrfptivgcircular to the nearest cgtr.cj of theStandard Oil Company(Incorporated)1T '''' ""'TfWMis 7vt ' " "1 $Bgs2 I J fFORSaturday, 14th,On Ladies' and .Misses' Suits, Cloaks, Skirts,Furs, Shoes, Millinery, Skirts, Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silks, Blankets, Etc.Cnbanaean. and it ist from 1 lie siniilaritv of sounds Colnmibus, still supnosin himself ro bo on Jthe coast of Asia, imagined tliaL thismust be a city of Kublai Khan, theTartar sovereign celebrated by MarcoPolo. The survival of the originalname for Cuba is a' remarkable instance of persistence, as the island hasbeen baptized and rebapti.ed manytimes since its European discovery.Columbus first called it.Juana in honorof Prince John, the son of Ferdinandand Isabella. After Ferdinand's deathit was called in his memory Feruandina. Subsequently this name waschanged to Santiago, afler St. James,the patron saint of Spain. Still laterit was named Ave Maria, in honor ofthe Virgin Mary. "But none of thesenames held, and the Indian name isstill preserved. -What He Had."Well, I think the doctor Is aboutthrough with me. Told me my ailment is practically cured." "What didyou have?" "Two hundred dollarsoriginally."1TWIN BROSTwo Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!' Rice In the Orient., Tlice is UepL for use in the orient inI its husk, just like horse oats or unj thrashed wheat. It is called "paddy"I and is beaten or thrashed for daily use.But i)iiro husked rice is too rough andi unattractive looking for world niarI kels. so it is polished in revolving cyl' inders with French chalk to make itI pretty, pearly and smooth. But thisrobs it of its outer layer and most val' uablo food qualities. Polished rice isregarded as poison in Japan and isi known to produce the dreadful epidemj ic disease beriberi in Japanese whoj live too exclusively on a rice diet aud' eating little or no meat. Exchange.Ends Winter's Troubles.To man winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,red and rough skins, prove this. Butsuch troubles fly before Bueklen'sArnica Salve. A trial convinces.Greatest healer of burns, boils, piles,outs, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains.Only 2o conts at Oberdorfer's.Grasping Happiness."Happiness does not come to us onour own terms. We have to reach outafter it and grasp it where it lies."From "Just Folks."mWe&YiVW&kV"-Ruins Many Lives.Hurry and worry, which usually gotogether, ruin more lives and destroymore happiness than any amountsystematic labor.Mo;i jEDon't Forget theCasfiRaismg SaleIs Still Going on atTwin Bros.Clothing and Shoe' Department.5 Harry Simon's Old Stand.I Well Supplied.j An inveterate wit aud punster askedi the captain of a craft loaded withboards how he managed to get dinnerI on the passage. "Why," replied ihoskipper, "we always cook aboard.""Cook a board, do you 7" rejoined thel wag. "Then I see you have been wellprovided with provisions this trip, atI nil events." London Tit-Bits.Handy Putty Knits.A putty knife with a reservoir In ithe handle, from which putty can hesqueezed by pressing a button, haa Ibeen invented as a time-saver for Iglaziers by a Minnesota man. 'WKO. E,. TUBNBit(Successor to G. K. Turner & Co.)DEALER IXGOOD COAL.Now is the time, during the earjy season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this whiter. My prices are low forthe very besfe coal. Ynnr orders respectfully solicited.O. R, TURNER(In roar of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58.fmmmmmmfmmmmmfmmmmManBMHaM"naMBaBBnanaaqBomBaaiHHaBaaaBGetting Even.Howard "When J)r. Incision operated on me he left a pair of surgical scissors in my anatomy. Can 1 sue himfor damages? Lawyer Better .iustsend him a large bill for storage. Life.IMalicious. .Youngleigh Which is the better way 'to propose, orally or by letter? Uyni- Iens By letter, certainly. There' achance that you might forget to mailit. Exchange.Why, Indeed?She "Why docs woman take a man'sname when she marries him? lieWhy does she take everything else he'sgot?When death comes it is never ourtenderness that we repent of, but ,burseverity. Eliot. -Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trtwt Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.SALE EXTRAORDINARY !Besides Our Regular Stock ofJHigh-Class1KL GIST TTIlVLIEnxrT SWe are ofleringfonr car loa'l:, of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns, of the best jrradc of materials, guaranteed in eveVv mrtictilar. Part of this shipment was ordered la3t Sprint anil hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallon, Paris, Ky. This is the largest stockv.. ..... .,, u-ivi ,-iam. iiiunuiucmn in uiu otace ana tne bestever knew to be oiTered at such prices, all on account of ourforced removal?Wm. Mams SonBoth Phonesiween-L1 42 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky.OHMUMHillDon't Stay Equal."All men," said the earnest citizen,"are born equal." They are that," replied Mr. Rafferty, "but they don'tstay equal after they're big enough toget together in the school vard."Her Experience.Emp.oyer-And where did you getyour commercial education? Missood B. Employed-I did the Christmas shopping for our entire faraily.Harper's Bazar. i . .-V NHif;"s:$AV.,dTHE BOURBON NEWS; Pijcsl assortmentr. that means theLarsreslcombinationhome, a home as you wanitell you more about it at thisOdd Dressers of the Newest Designs.This Princess Dresser that is shown in this ad. is a beautiful rich Mahoganywith wooden knobs.Just Like Cut $1 S.OOShrewd buyers should take advantage of these low prices.A.Physicians Advisei uz of a goodlaxative, to keep the bowels open and prevent the poisons cf undigestedfood from jjettingmto your system.The latest product of science is VELVO Laxative Liver Syrup, purely vegetable, gentle,reliable and of a pleasant, aromatic taste. Velo acts on thelier, as well as on thestomach and bowels, and is of the greatest possibla efficacy in constipation, indigestion,biliousness, side headache, fevenshness, colic,ilatulencc, etc. Try VF 1VELVOnGEO. W.FDNERAL DIRECTOR ANDJBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.The Secret, of Youth' Do you ever wonder how you can remain young, orwhy other women older than you, look younger than you do?The secret can be put in a few words: "Preserveyour health, and you will preserve your youth."By "health" we mean not alone physical health, butnerve health, as, sometimes, magnificently strong-lookingwomen are nervous wrecks.But whether you are weak physically or nervously,you need a tonic, and the best tonic for you is Cardui.It builds strength for the physical and nervous systems.It helps put flesh on your bones and vitality into your nerves.M CARDUIJ4fThe Woman's Tonic"My mother," writes Mrs. Z. L. Adcock, of Smithville, Twin., "is 44 years old and -is passing through thechange of life.She was irregular and bloated and suffered terribly.My father stepped over to the store and got her a bottleof Cardui, which she took according to directions and nowshe is up, able to do her housework and says she feelslike a new woman." Try Cardui in your own case.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chaitanoofa Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Tenn.,iat Social Instructions, aad tA-mt book,to choose from, prices Sowerbetter furnished home. Andit. The way lies through thisstore?Davenports Just Like Cut $24.50A beautiful line to pick from, inFvfahpgany and Oak finish at agreat reduction.We are giving away, FREE, aTalking Machine.Come in and let us explain to you howto get one.F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMain and Third Streets. CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court House.LAXATIVELIVER SYRUPDAVISLICENSED EMBALMEB.Home ireameci lor women," sent tree.NeededTrt r n re i r?iJBL. m. S. ii R- r ii.-Jt.BL. l .5.Yourby far than elsewhere, easierthat's what you want, isn't it?store and its splendid storeGood Take3 Its Place.Every year strips u of at least onevain expectation and teaches U3 toreckon some solid rocd ia its stead.George EliotIndustries of Corsica.The two principal industries In theFrench Island of Corsica are the manufacture of chestnut wood extract andthe making of cheese.Devouring His Books."Yes," said Mrs. Lapsllng, "JohnnyIs getting along splendidly at school.He has almost finished alimentaryarithmetic."What Kick Had He?Husband "You never kiss mo px-t cept when you want money." Wife"Well. Isn't that often enough?"Smart SetCardinal Newman.Lord Coleridge himself declaredthat the Intellectual force which hadmost impressed hira and he musthave known, I suppose, neai ly all ofthe great men of his time was thatof John Henry Newman. From JustinMcCarthy's Reminiscences.Five Men WantedEarn $65 to $125a Month.Five men -wanted to be Chauffeurs,Repairers and Demonstrators. Personal instruction, actual repairingand driving. Complete course 5weeks day. or 10 weeks evening.Write for Illustrated Folder."AutomobHing With Pay."Y. M. C A. Automobile School,701 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.dec23-3t-eottf5jForHometerms of payment ThesThe better, the differentservice. Won't you Jet usm n QtPf C a A-OF-House & Lot in Paris,Ky.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.CONSOLIDATED CAUSES.Alice Crick, Plaintiff,vs.Mary Sidener, DefendantBy virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the .abovestyled actoin at the November," 1910.term of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will, onSaturday, January 21, 1911,at the courthouse door in Paris. Ky .abcut the hour of 11 o'clock a. m , sellat public auction to the highest andbest bidder, on a credit of six andtwelve months for equal parts cf thepurchase money, the property 'described in said judgment and ordered to besold in this action, to-wit:A certain house and lot situated onMain street, paiis, Bourbon county.Kentucky, near the soutnern limits ofthe city of Paris, fronting on theMaysvilla and Lexington turnuike road68 feet, beginning at the line of Mrs.N. Wooo, formeily R. T. Davis, running N. with said pike 88 feet, thenceback from said pike in a Westerlydirection a distance of 297 feet, thenS. G8 feet, then E. 297 feet to the beginning, and adjoining Mrs. Wood onthe one side and Mrs. Sharron on theether side, neincr the same nronertvconveyed by the Paris Cemetery Company to Sarah E. Sidener by deed ofdate October 18, 13S8, of record in theBourbon County Cletic's ofiice in DeedBook 70, page 4S3.The purchaser will be required toexpeute bonds for the purchase pricewith good surety bearing interest fromday of sale until paid and payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner.The share of the infant defendant,Mary Sidener, shall not be paid by thepurchaser, but shll remain a lien onmum lolilLI '4 Ji'UHES3BUfl ' 1 1..-' Illthe property until she arrives at age,or until a guardian shall qualify andexecute bond as required by the CivilCede.RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court.TALBOTT & WHITLEY,Attorneys.M.iF. KENNEY, Auctioneer.3 10 17 24iHtw's This.1We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by HalPs CatarrhCare.F. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 13 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made bv his'firm.WALDING. KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.HalPs Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Testimonials sent free. Price75 cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists. Take HalPs Family Pills for constipation. Worth Rememberlna.One thing I have learnt, and I thinkit is -worth remembering, that a heart Iheaven may be reached and touchedeverywhere, that one can help or hinder happiness by a tiny vrord. AmyLe Feuvre.Russian Footwear.All Russians have a -weakness forhandsome foot-wear and the result Isthat there are more pairs of shov:yboots worn In the czar's empire thananywhere else on earth. Thl3 preference extends to the women as well a3to the men. vLET US BEYOUR SOLICITOROur Printing Will HELPYOUR TRADEEvery Kind of Commercial,Law and Social Printing InUp to Date Styles , , ..tO hen In JVesd of JobtvorK,Call at ThU Officej Special Winteri Tourist TicketsVIAOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida, Georgia,Louisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,l?or to Itico, Tenneiieo andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest ; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Miss-jissippi.For rates, routes, etc., callon writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.FOR RENT.Twc story brick residence with ninerooms, halls, porches, pantry and allnecessary outbuildings. Good location. Apply toDENIS DUNDON.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSOIN SALE DAIL.YGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, ttf f.Hi) rJU PARTICULARS, CALL ON ANY AGENT QUEEN ft CtOKIT mmOKRITKH. C. KINO, Posssmger nd Tick Aprnt, 101 E. Maia $L LEXINQTOf. Kf.RARE CHANGE!Big Pay for Solicitors fTHE CINCINNATI WEEKLYENQUIRER is offering Five Thousand. Dollars in cash premiums tosolicitors, in addition to a liberalcommission that is more than ampleto pa3r one's expenses, besides affording a living profit, while engaged in the work of soliciting subscriptions. THE WEEKLY ENQUIRERis novr a twent3-f our page magazinestyle paper, chuck full of readingmost acceptable to any well-orderedhome. Each issue contains a sermon by Pastor Russell, an essaj byDr. Madison C. Peters, a serial andshort stories, natural history, general news and special record of political and national affairs that areof interest to all people, cut patternsfor ladies and youths, and miscellaneous matter, all of high moral influence; also market reports from allcommercial centers, and veterinarycolumns.The editor's aim being to presentthe reader v;ith an exceptionallygood family journal of superiormerit, free from all matters that antagonize morality, justice and truth.To circulate such a paper, allwell-meaning persons can benefittheir community and add their mitein the uplifting of civic and politicalthought and action.Any person, lady or gentleman,with leisurehours, desirous of doinga good turn for the community, atthe same time earning fair payment,should apply at once for particularsby writing to THE ENQUIRER,Cincinnati, O.DISSOLUTION NOTICEThe firm of Kenney & Dudley ha3been mutually dissolved. Dr. W. K.Dudley will cccury the old offices at510 Wain street and Dr. Wrn. Kenneywill occupy the office rooms at 514Main street. All persons knowingthemselves indebted to Raid firm willplease call and settle at once.WM. KENNEY.116t W. K. DUDLEY.Hot and ColdBATHSHot and cold bath3 JEverything neat andbarber3 always ready to wait on thtrade. No long wait3. You are next-M. A. KAHAL.JRnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptlj and satisfactionguaranteed.augiet.East Tenn. Phone 669Professional CardsHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.fDr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones ) f.Residence2. T. 034.' Home 33-1.XDE.A.H KELLER,PRACTICING PHYSICIAXJ .Offices, Rooms 4 and o. Elk's Bld'e.j Paris, .... KentuckyTJ. WTLLJAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.toom 1 Elks Building.via-H5.M. . J-'2Ar-.1911.irk A'EXODUS OF 6R0WERSReports From Millersburg Saysa Number From That SectionWill "Locate in Missourito-be. A rhyme was to accompany! each preaent. When the gaeate werereceived tea was served, inenvtie presentsfiwere obened. The rhymes, manyof which were in many instances beautifully composed, were read aloud tothe company by Miss Byll. The entertainment furnished much amusement.culminating with a delightful lunch.served only as Mesdames McClintockand Jones can do it.SHOWER FOR MISS BALLAttempt to Be Made to StampOut Alleged "Blind Tigers"News in MillersburgA number of ienan's from this erdof Bourbon county and over the line inNicholas, it is reported, will move toMissouri about the first of Marchwhere they will engage in the growingof tobacco. 1 he action taken by thetobacco gorwers at the meeting heldin Lexington last week in voting tocut out the tobacco crop this year isresponsible for this movement on thepart of the growers and tenants in locating in another state for the cultureof tobacco.From all reports that are continuallycoming in from growers and tenantswho have emigrated to Missouri, it ,isvery evident that this State will soonbecome Kentucky's chief competitor inthe production of tobacco. One man,who recently returned to Kentucky forn visit, claims tobacco can be grown inMissouri as successfully as it can here.Hundreds of Kentuckians have located in the vicinity of Veston, Mo.,where the productive soil yields a weedfqual to that produced in Kentucky.The only difficulty encountered by thegrowers, it is said is their failure toget their barns built in time for thehousing of their product. This difficulty is being rapidly overcome andwithin a few vears it is claimed bythose who have returned from the tobacco growing sections Missouri willrank with Kentucky in the productionof tobaccr.Me&darnes Bert 'McCIintnrk nnrl fli. Jones gave a present shower Ihursday afternoon from 2 till 4, in henur ofMiss Mabel Ball who will on January18 wed Mr. Strode, of Arizona. Thehouse was darkened and softly illuminated. About fifty guests were present. Each visitor was required tobring a present, the value of whichwas not to exceed ten cents, and thereceipts for the cool: book of the bride-r At thfi close of the Union services atthe Methodist church Sunday night anafter meeting was held for the purpf seof devising means to stamp out "blindtigers" that are supposed to be in existence here. The pastors of each ofthe churches are to select a committeeof two from their respective church tolook into the matter and raise the necessary funds.Mrs. Nancy Allen is critically ill.tMrs. W. V. Huffman is visiting relatives at Covington.Mr. J. F. McDaniel :.3 ill withgrippe.The senior and junior dance will begiven Friday evening, February 10.Miss Frankie Whaley. of Pans, isthe guest of her sister, Mrs. LacyClark.Mr. and Mrs G. W. Judy, of Lexington, arrived Friday for a few daysvisit here.Mrs. Russell Mitchell, who has beenconfined to her home with grippe, isout again.Mr. K. D. Burroughs attended thefuneral of Dr. Tilton at .Carlisle Saturday.Mesdames C. M. Johnson and T. J.Prattler spent Monday and today inCincinnati.Mr. Floyd, of Louisville, was a suestat the Taylor house from Saturday tillMonday.Mrs. Fannie Talbott returned to herhome in Sharphsurg yesterday after avisit to her sister. Mrs. Sallie Best.Mrs. W. A. Mnnzing, of Maysville,arrived Thursday as the guest of hermother, Mrs. Martha Vim out, awlfamily.Miss Marry McBaniel, who ha3 beenat home since the holidays left Mondayto resume her duties in her school nearLexington.Mrs. William Bedford, of Lexington,was the guest of her mother, Mrs. I.R. Collier, from Thursday until Saturday.Dr. W. M. Miller" and Mr. E. M.Iuf Its, who have been confined to theirhome withtgrippe, are able ' to be oatagain.Mr. Farmer, please return our fencestretchers. We wish to get them ingood order for spring.MILLER & BEST.Mr. David Wells, of Mt. Olivet,spent Monday with his brother, Mr.M. P. Wells.Mr S. H. Endicott will leave Wednesday for a business trip to Cincinnati. Misses Floyd Barnes, "of Louisville,Annie Kitson, Bethlehem, and BessieSingleton, Lancaster, entered as newstudents at the M. F. C. Monday.The protracted meeting which wasannounced to begin at the Presbyterian church this week, has been postponed until January 30.I desire to thank all persons who soably assisted me in the fire that I sustained on last Wednesday morning.J. T. JUDY.Misses Bertha and Ruth Gardner,students of M. F. C and who havebeen boarding in the building sincetheir paients left here, left Saturdayfor their home at Olatha, Kansas.Mrs. .Turner Perry, who has been theguest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.Thos. McClintock, since the Christmasholidays, left Friday for her home atOwingsville.Miss Anna James McClintock, whohas hppn at home for the Christmasholidays, left Monday to resume herduties at Lake Forest University,Lake Furest, 111.Mrs. Tandy Hughes of Lexington,opened her dancing class at M. M. I.Thursday. Must of the cadets havetaken advantage of the opportunityand have enrolled in the class.Mr. S. M. ' Allen of the London.Liverpool, Globe Insurance Co., adjusted and paid the loss sustained oy mt.E. T. Sheeler in the fire of Wednesdaymorning. The damage was slight, theamount paid being ?51.The week of prayer closed Sundaynight at the Presoyterian church.Owing to the severity of the weatherduring the entire week the serviceswere not as well attended as they1 othrewise would have been.I Mrs. Lizzie Vimont received a ttle-Igram Monday announcing the death of' her brother-in-law, Dr. J B. Scarce,which occurred on Sunday evening atCbiliicothe. Ohio. Dr. Scarce is wellknown here.' lira. Id Baaeett Carl iff and daogb-tei-in-lawpMeadaraea Eugenia andLeimon Carliff, of Bro"ksvHle, arrivedMonday .as guests cf their coniina,Mesasr. G. F. and D. P. Jones andfamilies.The music pupils of the M. F. C,will give a recital in the college chapelo'clock. All patrons and friends ofthf institution are cordially invited toattend.Mr. A. C. Strode, 'of Montana, arrived Friday as the guest of MissMabel Ball. He left Monday for avisit to relatives in Mason countywhere he will remain a few days before the Strode-Ball wedding.Dr. Bingham, of Pineville, enteredtwo sons at M. M. I. last week. Dr.Bingham had a son in school here several years ago. Another student willarrive In afew days, from Virginia.All of the cadets, with the exceptionof one, returned after the holidays.The outlook for the school on the lastsession was better than the firstSeveral new students yet will arrivein the next few weeks.Mr. and Mrs. Wilour Dotts have returned 'to their home at Magnolia. N.J., after spending a part of the holidays with their brother and sister,Col. and Mrs. C. M. Best. Mr. Dottsis going out of business at Magnolia.He is a florist and horticulturist andhas accepted a position with Col. Bestand will take charge of the buildingand grounds at M. M. I. He willmove with his family here some timein March. We will be glad to welcomeMr. Dotts into our midst. Col. ardMrs. Best are decidedly overworkenand need more help in the care of thebuilding and grounds. They are bothinterested in teaching and tnis, coupled with the management of the various departments of the institution,occupies all of their time.Woodford Woman is ReimbursedBy the provisions of a bill introduced by Congressman J. Campbell Can-itrill and passed by the House of Representatives, Mis. Helen S. Hogan, ofWoodford county, will be reimbursedfor the loss of a one-thousand dollarbond of the Civil War series bearingsix per cant interest. The bond waspurchased by Mrs. Hogan in 1SG8. Herhome was burned and the bond withother valuable papeis was consumed.Mrs. Hoiran has been trying for fortyyears to get reimbursement from LtheGovernment.Warrant fr Ncr J lit.Albert Current, a nergo employed atthe Bourbon county court house ia being sought by the police on a warrantsworn out in the county court. Current is charged with making off with$5 that had been entrusted to his carefor delivery to Attorney W. B. Ardery. Instead of turning the moneyover to Mr. Ardery he is said to haveused it in having a good time aroundthe saloons and has not been heard ofsince.Lyceum Course.On January 13 Mr. Fred EmersonBrooks will appear as a star attractionin Mr. Morehead's Lyceum Course.He will recite his famous poem."Pickett's Charge" at Gpttysburg, ofwhich Henry Watterson says: "I regard Fred Emerson Brooks' ""'Pickett'sCharge' the greatest poem I everheard, and the superior of Tennyson's'Charge of the Light Brigade.' "Extensive Poverty.Few persons are aware of the extent of grinding poverty to which alarge class- of population has beendriven by the constant increase in thecost of living. A competent authorj says that one-ninth of the total population or Isew York is receiving aideither from the city or some charitable institutions and it cists thirtyfive million dollars per year to handlethejproblem, and yet with ail "of this,it is estimated that thirty thousandpersons per year die from want of attention and proper care. There ismuch suffering in our ovn city frompoverty and neglect, yet the problemin the big cities is so much worse thatits magnitude is appalliing.BAR C0HER.Thrown On the Market.Last Chance.This is the last chance to secure oneof those big bargains m chaiis at ourstore. The'y are go:ng fast at thegreatly reduced prices. See the window display. This is positively thelast week that they may be had atthese prices.J. T. H1NTON.Hite Visits Paris.Mr. Edward Hite, formerly of Paris,now Chief ofltlie May-ville Fir Department, was a visitor in the city Sat-1 urday. Since leaving Paiis Mr. Hitehas installed in Maysville an elecrticfire alarm system that is as "near perfect as any in the State. Recently theMaysville department added an automobile file apparatus and Mr. Hitestates that they are getting the bestresults from the new addition.OtaxJzJjXXxJLXShoeMTo Be SacrificediTO RAISE GASHCost and Value Will Not be Considered.Sale BeginsSaturday, Jan 1 4,Ends the 28th Continuing 14 Days.The Greatest Money-Saving Opportunity ever' Offered to the People of this Vicinity.DAN COHEN336 Main Street, - Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNOur Population.The census report show that thedifferent states vary very much in thedensity of their population. Rhode Island is the most thickly settled, having five hundred and eight inhabitantsto the square mile, while Nevada hssless than one person to the samearea. Kentucky has 57 to the squaremile which gives every man, womanand child int he state something overeleven acres, on an average. We shallnot starve for a while from overcrowd-iig.Escaped With His Liie."Twenty-one years ago I faced anawful death," write? H. B. Martin,Port Harreibon, S. C. "Doctors saidI had consumption and the dreadfulcough 1 had looked like ib sureenough. I tried everything I couldhear of for my cough, and was underthe treatment of the best doctor inGeorgetown, S. C, for a year, butget no relief. A friend friend advised me to try Dr. King's New Discovery. I did so, and was completelycured. I feel that I owe my life tothis great throat and lung cure." Itspositively guaranteed for cough,,colds and all bronchial afiections. 50cand $1.00. Trial bottle free ab Oberdorfer's. Lad Confesses Murder of Grandmot! er..Aftfr his father had besn arrestedin ?.onnectiou with the shooting todeath of his grandmother, a five-year-oldboy at Danville Thursday confessed that he had shct the old woman accidentally and had run away to escaoea whipping.The victim of what was at first believed to have been a murder wasMrs. Marter Carter, GO year3 old. Herbody was found in her home at Junction City, and an examination revealed that a charge of shot hau causedher death.Police investigation failed to account satisfactorily for the whereabouts of the woman's son, ClaytonCarter, who had been making his homewith his mother since the death of hiswife a year ago. Despite his protestations of innocence he was placed injail.News of his arrest spread rapidlvand lumors of a plan to lynch the prisoner began to circulate. Just whenthe authorities were becoming anxiousfor the safety of their nrisoner ('ar.J er's son was found and the so-called1 "crime" was explained.! Young Carter is being held in theLanvilIe jail to answer to the Boylecounty grand jury without bond.Her One Condition.He Would you be satisfied to giveup your present beautiful home andlive in a little white cottage?She I might, if there was a little,red automobile hitched in front of thedoor. Montreal Star.Htrstaea Ask $25JH kaagt.Catesby Woodfatd, of BeurfcM. a&dJohn T. Ireland of Lexingtea, filed inthe Fayette Circuit Court Ftktey after,noon a suit against the Louisville &Nashville Railroad Company for thesum of $25,250 for damages to a shipment of thoroughbreds from Lexington for Juarez, Mexico, on Uecember17, 1910.Plaintiff 3 say that the shipment contained seven thoroughbred yearlingaand that while the car containing themwas m the yards of the defendant atFrankfort it was bumped into in sucha careless and reckless manner that Lllantern that had been securely fa3tened was knocked down and set fire tothe car and as the result three of thshipment had to be killed and thothers were burned and frightened tosuch an extent that their value wa:depreciated at least 75 per cent.The yearlings shipped were: ch. c.Star bhoot, Last Cherry, value $S,0K",ch. c. dtar Shoot, Blue Danube, vale$7.0UO; b. f. Miller. Lady Beth, vak$2,500: b. f. Miller, Lady Premievalue $1,200; bl. f. Ethelbert, M 3Wicks, value 81,000; bl. c. Jack Pen.1 Lady Vincent, value SI, 500; b. c. S'arShoot, Amy Davenport, value $5,000.Plaintiffs say that the first narr.elhad to be killed because of the se7t?rburns received, and that the otherwere so burned and frightened a t)have lest th'ee-fourths of their Clonal value.Robert B. Franklin and Roberv r.Talbott are attorneys for plaintitfs.Immortal.No young man believe3 he shiliever die. John HazlitLDid You Ever I fiinK S! Over?That a man can do what is right in any kind of business. Six yerago, when 1 first came to this city, yon had parties in the same, line 'my business that did about ten per cent, of the business I am do,Tto-day.Do You Know M Reason Why?It's because I give one and all tnat deals with me :square, honest deal. I owe my success in business to the fact thatalways give correct, honest weight and the highest market price.IF YOU EVER HAVE ANYFcr.tp.ron, metals, rubber, rags, hides, tallow, furs, etc., to offer, neme before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I .!gla'i'y send mj- wagons" for junk to any part of the city or county.MAX MUNiCK,East Tenn. Phone 374.Eighth St,, Paris, Ky(22oct-lmo)t l l f i ! fi fkf i y.f i f fa t fif l f if ! ftf flf ! fttf fA flf V?? " "? -? T" "7- ? -t " " -?" 't'' ?" , "" "$ " $" ? "? " m" ?" "'ljr. . , . A! A Proclamation To You. IIFAn Announcement ol Low PricedWe can save you money on dependablemerchandise. We simpiy ask you tocall at our store, get cur prices and compare them with the prices you may haveon same goods, and you will then beconvinced that our prices are lowest..-?..??.9-t-mcr.---.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky. $Vk t i H H " f $ H i i V i $ 9 f r H $ ip r "f yiSwMMB y jRRr JjjmM. 7 l MChristmas; Coal!The Christmas Season will be all themerrier if your bins are full of coal.It brings good cheer as you speed theold year and you're started right whenthe new year's here.It's No Trouble to Keep Warmwith Our Coal.WE SELL iAOIGHT PRICES jjLUMBER, iLATHS, flfSHINGLES,POSTS, jSASHES, 3DOORS, SBLINDS, SHARD ANDjSOrT tCOAL, gWE AREAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing.g TEMP LIN LUMBER CO. gSSfrft ttttm mmsmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmamammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmjft. xJHkX(tV it i'?. "- "W.x - '"",. -v J n't. ::K ,.iX yyr ,'S' IJt,. V.