?- - VTHE BOURBON NEWS.v '- ::.trPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.MVOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1911.NUMBER 38Ensure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tf. iAWai'fliV I ! II A iaa'u IIbVgllll IIStaple and Fancy Groceries,Wain Street,5VVHI give you one dollar'sorth(10)of S. & ii. GreenTrading StampsEXTRAfor this coupon, besides thosevou get with a purchase of50c or more.Both Phones 179:Gasoline Launch Destroyed.As the result of an explosion whichoccurred on the launch of the Chippewa Club Monday night about nineo'clock, the craft was totally destroyed and the occupynts. Ben Downey,Mitchell Jackson and Douglas Thomas,narrowly escaped serious injury.The accident occurred several hundred yards from the mouth of Kenne-'dy's Creek and in the deepest part of.otoner OreeK. I he party was enrouteto Kennedy's Creak where they in-leuuuu iu nail.M When they were preparing to make!me lanaing at me moutn or tne smaller stream there was a sudden explosion and the entire beat was enveloped in (lames. It is evident the gasoline tank had sprung a leak and itscontents poured into the bottom of thebr.at.When the explosion occurred themen leaped into the stream and swamto the shore. Fortunately none oftnem sustained any injury. The woodwork of the boat was burned from thesteel ribs, which were badly warpedby the intense heat. The engine canprobably be repaired and again put inrunning order.The launch, which was one or thelatest patterns, was valued at S350and had only been in commissionabout a year. It was fifteen feet inlength and had a carrying capacity offifteen persons.The Best Cold Brinks.firOS I .IV?I1 I ER37fFi J.???!CAlk l 7,-;.; ( , Wfc-lbTK( :ai. H$m 'Wm Sffia mmm s IB HliOur Soda Fountain is now in ope-) ; ration and we are prepared to servethe public with all the choice colddrinks to be had. We cater to nonebut the best trade.VARDEN & SON.-&tf?tf?tf?$tf?$AStf?tf?tf?tf?nZ,- v ksQUALITY ANDQUANTITYThe hard times and high prices are over. Buy fromus and you will spend less and eat more than youcould a year ago.asasStandard Granulated Sugar, 19 pounds $1.00Pure Hog Lard, per pound 12White Bacon, per pound 10Country Bacon, per pound 14Sliced English Cured Bacon, per pound 20Sliced Breakfast Bacon, per pound 24Small Hams, per pound 12 1-2Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 103-pound Standard Tomatoes, 3 cans 25California Table Peaches, 2 cans 35Indianola Corn, 2 cans 15Navy Beans, 3 quarts 25Prunes, per pond 10Fancy Apricots, evaporated, per pound 15Rolled Oats, 2 boxes 15New York Cream Cheese, per pound 20Standard Coal Oil, per gallon 10THE FLOUR OF QUALITYBIub Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Elue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.55ttV.The Grocery Store of Quality.T. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Wtf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?ftf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?tf?M?fafttf?tf?WJudge January Honored.At a meeting of the Committee ofthe Odd Fellows' Widows and OrphansHome held in Lexington yesterday.Judge E. B. January, of this city, washonored by being chosen by the committee as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Home. Judge January isto fill cut the unexpired term of JudgeAl. J. Durham, of Lexington, who diedrecently.The committee which bestowed thehonor upon Judge January is composed cf John S. Grant, Louisville, J. W.Pottpr, Bowling Green, W. G. Simpson, Frankfort, Lieutenant GovernorW. H. Cox, Maysviile, I. N. Williams,Lexington, Hon. J. T. A. Baker,Louisville, Boyd Harris, Morganficld,George Roberts, Lexington; Mrs. EllaCarr, Ashland, Airs. Alary Schwartz,Maysviile, and Airs. Belle Seller, Lexinn ton.Judge January is one of the mostprominent Odd Fellows in the Stateand his selection as a menber of theBoard of Trustees is quite a compliment.DEATHS.VXJrtV5S-3T!V "&rkmiLi3V.r 'lVMiThe "Secret Service" ofjf"JtyAjfrtJJ SuitEighty-five per cent, of 'the style of a garment is contributed by the tailoring-fifteenper cent, comes from the designing.FACT!"vkfSm1 Collars hand worked, notmachine-shirked.2 Finer than fine haircloth. 3 Linings stand wear, because they're standard.4 Linen canvas stays, coldwater foreshrunk.5 Keep-shape comes fromhand work.G All silk stitching allthrough.7 Buttoas shanked andsewed on by hand "forkeeps."8 Edging silk st titched byhand.0 Every tailora ' 'benchbred'' custom tailor.10 All cutting done singlyby hand.11 Plaids and stripes matched by hand.12 Cloth cut on full lines, noskimping or schamping.William P. Renaker. aced 49. ofnear Berry, Harrison county, died athis home Tuesday evening. Air.Renaker was a farmer. He was alsoa prominent Pythian.Airs. Eliza A. Hunter, widow ofWilliam Hunter, died at her home nearWashington, Mason county, Mondayafternoon after a long illness, aged 76.Two daughters survive her, Miss AdaHunter, of Mason county, and Airs. J.E. Hunter, of Bourbon county. Thefuneral took place Tuesday afternoonwith services conducted by Rev. E. AI.Waller, interment being in the Washington cemetery.Mrs. Wesley Ritchie, aged seventytwo years, died at her home at Shawhan Station Alonday afternoon at fouro'clock.Airs. Ritchie had been an invalid forthe past year, having suffered a strokeof paralysis. She is survived by herhusband, Air. Wesley Ritchie and sixchildren, Airs. Lula Longbottom, andAlessrs. James, Joseph, John andFrank Ritchie, of Bourbon county, andAirs. Anna Elliston, of Cincinnati, anda sister, Airs. Frank Farmer, of Paris.The funeral services were heldat the residence Tuesday morning at10 o'clock by Elder Carey E. Morgan.Burial at Ruddles Alills.Mrs. Ollie Current Separs formerly of Paris died at a hospital in Denver Col. Alonday night from theeffects of an operation for appendicitis. A telephone mesage received Alonday night by Mr. Leer Stout from Mr..Hainton Sharp of tMaysville announcing her death but no particulars veregiven.Airs. Soaars was prarjaring to cometo Kentucky for a visit anff her deathwas sudden and unexpected.She was thirty-nine years of ageand a daughter cf the bte Dr. Wm.Current of this city, bor the paBtseveral years she has made her homein Denver.She is survived by one sister Mrs.Alamie Leer of Toledo O. and onebrother Air. Newton Current who nowresides in Detroit Alien.The remains arrived here yesterdaymorning on ths 10:15 a. m. L. & N.train and were taken to the home ofAir. Ollie Carter in East Paris.The funeral services will be held atthe grave in the Paris cemetery thisafternoon at 4 o'clock and will be conducted by Rev. J. Al. Alaxon.The Best Cold Drinks.Our Soda Fountain is now in operation anud we are prepared to servethe public with all the choice colddrinks to be had. We cater to nonebufthe best trade.VARDEN & SON.r'We Know How."toA Few Words to The Man With AnAUTOMOBILEVHave you given your clothes a thought, or have youspent all your time thinking about your machine? Youdon't want to look cheap with an old auto duster on andyour old cap from last Summer. Well, let Mitchell &Blakemore tell you what you need. In our line of autodusters you can buy one from 1.50 to 10, made withauto collars, 52 incnes long, either single or double breasted, with wind shield in the sleeves. Auto gloves blacks,tans and grays, SI to $5. Auto caps and hats with ventilated crowns, 75 cent3 to $2. Get busy and buy yourtogs: then for those joy rides in the machine.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters -to -Men.MM9;3t.- "V - Wfhigx HtraiiiiiiiininniiitmiuiiniiiiiiiiiiiniiuniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiininiiiinMiiiiiiiiiniiinitiiiiuMiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiuiiiniNliWhen you buy a "High-Art" Suit here, you getclothes with the "air" and the wear that come from thefinest materials procurably right through and time-takinghand tailoring all through 18 to $32.50,Price & Co.,Clothiers.Caalisle Suffers Heavy Fire LossFire, which started in the storagewarehouse of Frank Taylor in CarlisleTuesday morning burned out threeblocks along Market and Railroadstreets, causing a loss that is estimated between $150,000 and.S2UO,000, partly covered by insurance.Before the fire-fighting apparatusof that city could be brought into commission he flames had gained considerable headway and threatened theentire business section of town. Forthree hours the firemen of three citiesbattled with the fierce flames beforethey were finally under control.The property destroyed was thewarehouse of Booth Carew, in whichwas stored one hundred and .fifty thousand pounds of tobacco the proprety ofWilliam Crow, and Reed Bros., thecoal yard of Darnell Co., warehouseof Mrs. George Judy, Stuart & Ham'scoal yard, plant of the blue GrassPoultry Co., L. & N. passenger andfreight depots.bilhaid parlors of Mayor Frye, grocery of Conway Kennedy.The big Burley Tobacco Warehouseand the warehouse of Davis & Barrettwere consumed. Six rpsider.ces onMaple street were also burned.When the fire was raging fiercelyParis was appealed to for assistanceand the engine with five hundred feetof hose was sent to the relief of thestricken city. Nine men accompaniedthe apparatus from the local department! which was in charge of HenryMcGinley.The run to Carlisle was made intwenty-vfie minutes and in about anhour after the special train departedfrom this city the department was doing very effective work in checkingthe spread of the conflagration. TheMillersburg engine was also rushed tothe scene and rendered valuable assistance.FRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.53Fire and Tornado Insurance.tf Thomas & Woodford.EHot Weather Specials1 00 Pieces ofDress Ginghams, Sold at Other Storesas 1 2 1 -2c gradeOur Price 8 l-3c a yard35 Pieces ofPlaid and Strip Tissues and Repps, SoldRegularly at 25c,Our Price 19c a yard20 Pieces ofPlain Solid Colored Cotton Voiles,Sold Regularly a 20c a yard,Our Price 14c a yard.Suits and Coats for Ladies and Misses atBig Price Reductions..j Frank & Co. 1 xto$&WftWWUMMMWMWW&Wfoto01' 2:Iig9ytixmmLmSSJhSIsI if 11 it HIMklUUKJiJU&UFgTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 19. 1911.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. 320 MAIN STREET.i tiAids NatureThe great success of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery in curing weak stomachs, wasted bodies, weaklungs, and obstinate and lingering coughs, is based onthe recognition of the fundamental truth that "GoldenMedical Discovery" supplies Nature with body-build-ing,tissue-repairing, muscle-making materials, in condensed and concentrated form. With this help Natmresupplies the necessary strength to the stomach to digestfood, build up the body and thereby throw off lingeringobstinate coughs. The "Discovery" rs-establishes thedigestive and nutritive organs in sound heclth, purifiesand enriches the blood, and nourishes the nerves inSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ow erEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J88J2? Years of Continuous Publicationshort establishes sound vigorous health.your dealer offers something "last as good,"it Is probably better FOR HIM'lt pays better.But you are thinking of the cure not the profit, sothere's nothing "just as good" for you. Say so.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser, In Plain English; or,, Medicine Simplified, 1008 pages, over 700 illustrations, newly revised up-to-dateEdition, paper-bound, sent for 21 one-cent stamps, to cover cost of mailingonly. Cloth-bound, 31 stamps. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Display advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per liae.Special rates for big advertisements.Buildings covered over twenty years ago are as good as newand have never needed repairs. Fireproof Stormproof HandsomeInexpensive. For further detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.Published Every Tuesday and Friday."?a lw.iIPUBLIC SALE3VIAIN STREET BUSINESS HOUSE.On Saturday, May 27, 1911, at 2 p. m.,on the premises, east side of Main street, between 5th and 6th,Paris, Ky., I will sell to the highest bidder the following" describedproperty, to-wit: Lot No. 1 is 38 ft. front by 105 ft. deep, with a"two-story brick business house, store-room on first floor and .flatabove.Lot No. 2 is 30 1-4 ft. front by 54 ft. deep, with brick .storeroom and office rooms above.This property is centrally located, modern and convenient, being fittsd with gas, electricity, water and sewer connection.The buildings are in GOOD REPAIR, VERY DESIRABLE,HENT WELL and A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.Terms made known on day of sale.MRS, M. A. PATON.For further information, apply to Harris & Speakes, Real23statr Dealers, Paris, Ky.Col. Geo. D. Speak as, Auctioneer.MBfeaBi:':'v ;-: ;:-,onable. "Why, then, consider commonplace desiirur, or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than thatFino Loitering by Pr.cumalic Too'tc Our Cpeclclty.tlHONE SETTER.Wm. Jidams $ Son,"142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.Working ins&Lg&i -V3Armn s? - ja.fc, ui ' ; vv-i- ,, osjkiv. m t . -r rs .' v T --. -r?is .j&trzzzxefrz&LZ. tlL. 5f8ZSS3f3'XX. xS&Th Vn ttSsR r;t ft-H f3 9r tivr'jj&T!.. ' -Nl i !! .JLOWRY & TALBOTTFetris. IKIen'fru.ok.vBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Bourbon4ts1 HFHjsH W&aMWkm ' ItfelPly?o jmmKLamaaaamV aaaaaaaaaaaaaaWParis,Kentucky.JtORIGSWALfiTYand SUFSRiORITYIn Vorkmanship arc DisplayedIn Our Work.An ihdh'idualii diMintnii-Jfs our Jfonuments from all othrr.: while nrices areof u!l other firms in Central Ken- !wor;c c:-:za?erthe Gardenis a real pleasure if you avethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world.They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get am'outfit. It will h'elp3'ou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. WIOffice Opp. rostofhee.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry wqrk the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,$5.00. Payable inSPORTiNG NEWS LETTERI5y C. H . ZUUEK.Cincinnati, May 18, 1011. None ofthe major league base ball clubs tarebeing threatened with arrest for obtaining money under false pretensesthese da j s because of any skimpinsssin hitting. If there is any complaintbeing made by spectators it is on thescore of too much hitting, which makescold suppers and strong excuses withmother quite the fad. It's quite common for teams to run into double figures with their scores, and on severaloccasions the count has reached twenty. Yet despite this heavy swatting,the pitchers declare that they havenot'gone back in this work, but thatthe liveiler ball and a genera brightening of the batting eyes of the playersis responsible for this bountiful cropof bingles which is being harvestedfrom day to day. No matter what thecause, the followers of the game arehaving their long experienced wishthat there be more hitting in thegame, and the chances are that beforelong a strong supplication will go upf zr closer scores than a majority ofthose by which games are now beingdecided.There seems to be no immediateprospect of a change in the leadershipof either the National or the American leagues. The Phillies, with a couple more weeks on their home grounds,do not appear to be ready to surrendertheir place to any of the more highlytouted pennant winners, while in theAmerican league Detroit has such ahunch nothing short of a calamity candislodge them for many weeks. Whilethe Western trains are doing well inthe raat, so fr.r as the National League is concerned, none of them are petting the world on fire. The Reds started olf glono'isly in Bston, but did notfare so well in Philadelphia. They aredown o: tne drds for seven jjames inBroch!vi and New Vork before returning . "", -ami hepe to gsin somegrounu duiing those series Tne Reds'next appearance on the home ljt willbe on Sunday, May 28. when they stopoff for a game with the Pirates, enroute from Pittsburg to St. Louis.Recent performances by his pitchershave convinced Manager Grillith, ofthe Reds, that his team still is somewhat shy in the hurling department,and so, in order to obviate this handicap as much as possible, the Cincyleader is doing much scouting and negotiating for twirling material. Hisbest coup in that direction was whenhe secured Frank Smith from the Boston Americans. This fellow is as bigas a house, with all sorts of speed,curves and endurance, and lovos work.He is not yet in the best of condition,hut when he does get going right forthe Reds he'll prove a veritable whale.It is quite liKely that Grif. will endeavor to have Smith's turn to twirlcome around on the first Sunday theReds play at home in order that localfans may see what has been done tostrengthen the team.The wild scramble to discover a"white man's hope" to take the measure of Jack Johnson continues. Judging by the pictures of the Carl MorrisMike Schreckt fight, there's little hopein Morris for the jor of putting "LilAth?" into the arms of the pugilisticMorpheus, and that feeling is strengthened bv the fact that Morris probablywill take on Jim iHynn, the fightingfireman, for an early battle, and thatthere are those who say that this second rater can send Morris to Slumberland. Over in England our Britishcousins are banking some on Bornbadier Wells to turn the trick eventually.However, as Wells isn't growing anyyounger as Johnson ages, the prospects of an early surrender on theP3rt of the sable slugger to Wells oranyone else are not bright.Efforts are to be put forth to restorethe social prestige of horse racing atLatonia during the coming springmeeting, which opens on June 10.This is as it should be, as there is nomore splendid sport than horse racing,when properly conducted. Along withthe desire to restore the -social standing of the sport, effoits should bemade to revive other leatures thatformerly distinguished it honest betting, honest riding and honest nandling of the hoss. When this condition again obtains it will net be necessary for State Legislatures to enactlaws in ordt;r that willing but unwisebeters may not lose thtir all goingagainst tne ponies.That the best talent for graduationinto fast company is not always foundin the higher class of minor leagues,is evidenced by the experience of thePhiladelphia Nationals in regard -totheir big right-hand twirler, Alexander. Here is a chap who didn't shinewith dazzling brilliancy in the NewYork State League iast year, yet he isthe pitching sensation of the NationalLeague today. Alexander is a farmerboy from Kansas, and seems to haveeverything that a high class pitchershould have, and then some. Matthewson, during his first year in the National League pitched no better than Alexander. Watch him.ONE YEAR,1.00Catching tho Speaker's Eye.The practice of "catching the speaker's eye" dates back to the session of1040, when a heated dispute arose between members of the house, severalof whom claimed precedence of speech.It was then decided that whoever firstcaught the speaker's ej'e should havethe right to address the house. Thisrule worked smoothly until 1GS3, whenSir John Trevor was elected to thechair. The new speaker was afflictedwith an abominable squint; consequently two members would often catch hiseye simultaneously and decline to giveway to one another. To obviate this afurther rule was framed :o the effectthat the speaker should c '1 by nameupon the member privileged to addressthe house. So every holder of the office has to possess a good memory fornames as well as keen eyesight. London Chronicle.The Cruel Wolf Spider.One of the most unnatural things innature, if the expression is allowable,is the manner in which the young ofthe common wolf spider treat theirmother. After the little creature haslaid her eggs she envelops them in asilken covering, so as to make a ballabout the size of a pea, and this shecarries about with her wherever shegoes and will defend it with her life.When the young are hatched theyclimb on her back, giving her a monstrous appearance, and ride about until nearly half grown, and as soon asthey discover their strength they fallto and devour their mother.His Last Request.As the doom.l man was led to thescaffold the sheriff asked:"Elave you anv last request to'make?""Yes," said the wretch. "I wouldlike to have a pair of suspenders."So they assigned two hangmen to theJob instead of one. Baltimore Sun.Just Liko Henry."But why do .vou cry so,FrauMaier?""The sight of Vesuvius reminds meso of my poor dear Henry. ITo. too,was always smoking." Fliegende Blatter. We must laugh before we are happyor else we may die before we everlaugh at all. La BruyereInevitable.If a man were paid for doln thethings he likes to do he would atonce begin to want to tlo somethingelse.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed ;for holding the Kentucky airs for1911 as far as reported. " Officers offairs are requested to report anyomissions or correction of dates.Georgetown, July 25 o dajrs.Lancaster, July 2o 3 days.Danville, August 23 days.Versailles, August 2 3 days.Berea, August 3 3 days.Lexington, August 7 C days.Uniontown, August 8 5 days.Taylorsville, August 8 1 days.Vanceburg, August 94 days.Elizabethtown, August 9 days.Lawrenceburg, Angusl 154 days.Leitchfield, August 15 4 days.Burkesville. August, 15 I clays.Brodhead, August 10 3 clays.Fern Creek, August 16 3 days.Shepherdsville, August 224 days.London. August 22 1 clays.Hardinsbivg. August 223 days.Shelbyville, August 22 1 days.Liberty, August 233 days.Erlanger, August 23 4 das.Gcrmantown, August 24 3 days.Nicholasville, August 2D 3 days.Somerset, August 29 4 days.Bardstown, August 304 days.Franklin, August 31 3 days.Paris, September 46 days.Monticello, September 5 1 days.Alexandria, September 55 days.Mount Olivet, September 5 1 days.Hodgenville, September 5 3 days.Sanders, September ' i days.Keutncky State Fair, Louisville,Saptember 11 6 days.Horse Cave, September 20 4 days.Glasgow, Sbptember 27 1 days.May field, September 27 i days.is the only emulsion imitated. The reason is plainit's the best. Insist uponhaving Scott's it's stheworld's standard flesh andstrength builder.ALL DRUGGISTSSIX MONTHSAdvanceGEO. W. DAVISFDNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMB1LMEB.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.)mzdfsssgasm)22SBQI Were you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. Try0aaaaaWaWBest the earth producesand every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.sZSsSSSm22b 4?vT JtaaaaaaaKAS THE HERDS GROWSj as the farm equipment increases, so grows the need of 5j MORE SHED ROOM!MA That man is wise who who provides abundance of shed room for Wstock and chattels. And the wiser, the sooner. Jj Corns and talk with us about the cost of building sheds.g TEMPLIN LUMBER CO.?$$ck??East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis Millersburg, North JMiddletown, LittleT Rock andRuddles Mills."When'Jyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service'The East Tennessee Telephone Col Incorporatedf7Notice! Poultry RaiserswnCholera. Gaoes. Limberneck Ronn f ankprSO.VE1SOOOD- ril-...l.vWO CURE, SO PJLXviauuutaDo5fc?23!: BT,lA!rra- Ky- "IPP i!Jc ?? "& 4-11 -44 for yem asd thkkit the betPTJ?nedyB?dc; IcurgapaaadJirabetBeckwithortfaa.iT;S!TJy-,,fi?r,:J."Sne ? Reape 4-11-44 dropped dowa the bill of gipiasr kak,hw rad relive, the dackiMtiatly. Iti.thebatpfeYcDtiwThavecverued."HfQ? ii4 Giarutetfl ky J. Ml Craae, lardsttwi, Ky. Wee 50c at all insists.ou) mxG. S. Varden & Son.22XF)WE SELL gAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER, LATHS, (SHINGLES, POSTS, (SASHES, DOORS, (BLINDS, HARD AND iSOFT COAL, XAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofing.xxxni11-44CURESJ -II n CrtIxaim an uiseases oi rouiiryI,,it A.- - X, '&' k .. ""A., -aTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 19; 1911,Hill!H IIC: red by the Marve! of thevVt'jry, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Tawking, spitting, foul breath, dis-t arges of yellow matter permanent--, ured witfi pure botanical ingred-ts. To prove it we will send you aVMPLE TREATMENT FREE('atarrh is not only dangerous but. auses ulcerations, death and decayjones, kills ambition, often causess of appetite, and reaches to gen-1 debility, idiocr and insanity. Itds attention at once. Cure it bjTinking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)- is a quick, radical, permanent-e because it rids the system of the- on germs that cause catarrh. At; o same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)- iifiesthe blood, does away withI , rv sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.i - d s a tingling flood of warm, rich,, re blood direct to the paralyzedtrves, and parts affected by catarri J poison, giving warmth, and-trength just where it is needed, andteis way making a perfect, lasting, j-e of catarrh in all its forms,-uggists or by exsress, $1 per largef itle, with directions for heme cure,tuples sent free by writing Bloodjbalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describe-, ur trouble and free medical advicer rn. Sole by Varden & Son.One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderately priced one, too.If 3'ouare looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.OVER 65 YEARS'EXPERIENCEMarksDesignsCopyrights &c.Arrone Fonrilnc a pkolrh and description mayr ' .'y i.srcrtnm our opinion free whether anr inn is pre hablv patentable. Comrrunica-i - strictly cot tldciitiul. HANDBOOK on Patents1 1 r tree, oldest acency for securing patent.I.ifiis taken throuch Muxra & Co. receiverf. iUt notice, without charge, in thoScientific HmericanA randsomelvillntrated weekly. Ltcp'I e'r-at.uii f any hClenUue journal. Tr::. J J .1'' ir: f mr moutha, ?L Sold byall newsdealer.MUNNCQ.3GJB'oad. New YorkBranch Office. G25 F SU Washincton. V. CMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andirbers always ready to wait on theradc. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.3WM0MEDfiOPe-im the ihrjat of a "capey"cl.ickcn destroys the wormsanl save: the chljk's life. AUw crops in the driakinc waterCURES andEVENTS GAPES.ad other chickOno, 50c Bottle ofizbon Poultry Cure. "Xt-i'74.rtc.-s! 2 Gallons ct Medicine.'-v -n'trv iscr should Steep a bottle of' f '. o. hi:d. Aslz tor free booklet on-..k- .t VovU.'" .For Sale .by W, T. Brooks.ocOaugjjrjnjH- Tracerh zmml? fMOKXNfyVfcv r'. y 'JSSs-f u white d!ar.-hoea s&Srjz d.ssascs.Fair and Foolish.As a ring of gold in a swine'sEnout, eo Is a fair woman that is without discretion. Proverbs of Solomonxl:22.Fiber From Bananas.An American in Tampico has discovered a method for extracting fiberfrom banana plants. This fiiber absorbs more machine oil than cottonwaste and is much cheaper.BANK STOCK.If you wish to sell your bank stockprivately or publicly, place it withAUCTIONEER M. F. KENNEY,14 men 3m E. T. phone 656.AnnouncementI have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContractingandbsuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERBLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthom s healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richj completely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itchinir, curine: the worsti case of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a truePortland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.RHEUUimfflCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood a it hpure'tJotoniqal Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FHEE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, diiliculty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale; skin itehesand burns; shifting pains; bad breath;lumbago, goul, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling iiood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othermedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.Saiup.3 3:nr free by writing Bloodi.ni d . Atlanta, Ga. Describeynr trcuWe nd free medical advicegiron. -3l:l fcy Varden & Son.DRUGS OF ANTIQUITY.ThoDoses That Mankind SwanowedThousands of Years Ago.It is admitted that the oldest medicalwork known is the Ebers papynis,discovered by Georg Ebers in hisjourney to Egypt in 1S72-3. It is ascroll twenty yards long and a footwide and has been studied and translated by Von Oefele and reviewed byVon Lippmann. It was written about1550 B. C, though some of the material of which it is a compilation datesback to about 3700 B. G.The medical substances mentionedinclude copper ouce more costly thangold and silver lead, iron, antimony,carbon, sulphur, salt, soda, gypsumand other minerals; milk, fats frommany animals, wax, and the horn,blood and other portions of domesticand wild animals; castor and otheroils, honey, raisins, grapes, figs, dates,wine, beer, linen, flax, lanolin, papyrus,numerous resins, caraway, fennel, dill,meliot, watercress, peppermint, .coriander, lettuce, endive, absinth, pomegranate, calamus, aloes, safflower,crocus, indigo, henbane, mandrake,opium and other plants and vegetableproducts.In preparing drugs solids were grated or powdered in a stone mortar.There were many processes of treatingthem, such as roasting, baking, pressing, steeping, warming, boiling in various substances, macerating with lye,evaporating and fermenting with yeastLiquids were filtered and clarified.Some recipes contain two or three ingredients, but others have as many asthirty-seven materials.GIBRALTAR.The "Key of the Mediterranean" HasHad a Stormy History.England has been in possession ofthe rocky promontory of Gibraltarsince 1704. From that time to this ithas been a crown colony under the administration of a governor. By reasonof its important strategical position itis called the "key of the Mediterranean." Gibraltar has had a stormy history.In 711 the rock was taken by the Arabchief Tarik, who called it Jebcl-al-Tarik(Hill of Tarik) and built a fortress on the promontory. Part of theseruins are still extant. In 1309 it wastaken by the Castilians, only to be recaptured by the Moors in 1333. It washeld l3' them unUl 14G2. Following thetaking and sacking of Gibraltar in1540 by Barbarosso. extensive militaryworks were built there by order ofCharles V.In 1704 the promontory was captured by a combined force under SirGeorge Rooke and the Prince of HesseDarmstadt, fighting for the ArchdukeCharles of Austria. The moment it fellinto their hands the British admiralthrew off the alliance with the Austrians and took complete possession ofthe works.British possession since that timehas been unbroken, although it wasunder a Spanish siege for nearly threeyears and eight months, beginning in1779. Twice the garrison was on thepoint of falling because of the starvation of its defenders.Right on the Job.At the time Dewey captured thePhilippine Islands there was only onelighthouse in operation in the Philippine waters that on Cape Melville.Balabac island, south of the island ofPalawan and marking the entrance between the China sea and the Sulu sea.As is the custom in time of war, theSpanish authorities had ordered aillighthouses to have their lights extinguished when it was discovered thatan attack on Manila was threatenedby the American navy. It appears that ii this order was carried out at all otherplaces except at the lighthouse meu-uoneu anove, wuere me order was inever received. The keeper of thislight kept his light burning up to June30, 1S99, without assistance,' and waspaid for his services from May 1, 1S99,to that date by the Philippine governmentPhilippines Monthly.Fourierism.Fourierism was a social system 'founded by Charles Fourier, born in jFrance 1772, died 1837. Fourier advocated co-operative industrialism, coupled with the idea that society shouldbe organized into "phalanges." Thephalange was to number about 1.G00I nnrenne nrlm worn tn lira in o nnm-mon building, with a certain portionof soil for cultivation. The staple in-i dustry was to be agriculture, but" thej various groups might devote themselves to sucu as were best suited totheir tastes. Several attempts weremade to carry out Fourier's theories,but the result in each case was failure. New York American.His Motto."You go around borrowing money allthe time and yet you seem to be prosperous." "I am.""How do you manage it?""My motto is, 'Always put off till tomorrow those you have done today.' "Toledo Blade.Lots of Practice."Junkins, your wife is the most brilliant conversationalist 1 know of.""Well, she's had lots of practice.Bhe goes to a theater box party two orihree times every week." ChicagoTribune.Calling a Bluff.Father I never smoked when I wasyour age. Will you be able to tell thatto your son? Willie Not and keepmy face as straight as, you do, pop!Puck.Knowledge is more than equivalenttt -fnra .-TnlinciinIV -i-VI .W. V ....s ...Money to Loan.We have completed arrangementswhereby we can loan you all themoney that you need on first mortgages on farm property in amountsranging from $2,000 up. at the lowrate of S per cent with long time andeasy payments. We write the best,safest and cheapest fire, lightning andtornado insurance that a farmer canbuy and the payments are easy. Insurewith us and borrow all the money youneed at 5i per cent. Save your moneyand prosper.O. K. COLLIER, Agent,14a3m mb Hurst Home Insurance Co.Words of Wisdom.When you have an elephant onhand, and he wants to run away, better let him run. Lincoln.Bruin's Heart Broken.Old Ben, the oldest hear in theBronx zoo, New York, died of a brokenheart, attendants say, following theremoval from his cage of his mate.Beware of Stateness.Because you have done it for fortyyears is probably the best excuse forchanging your method.Daily Thought.A strenuous soul hates cheap successes. It is the ardor of the assall-ant that makes the vigor of tho de-fender. R. W. Emerson.Form and Color First.as compared wm iorm ana coior.words, in the mind's infancy are butan Imperfect moans of conveying ad-quate notions of things.Fittlng Procedure.If you want money, go to strangers;If you want advice, go to friends; ifyou want nothing, go to relations..Lippincott's.A Ftthsr's Venegancewould have fallen on pry -me who at-1tacked the son of Peter Bon ly.ofSouthRockwood,Mich.,bntlie wa ipowerlessbefore attacks of kidney trouble. "Doc- ltors could not help him, "he wrote, "so 'at last we gave him ElectricBitters and ihe improved wonderfully from takingsix bottles. Its the best kidney medi- icine I ever saw." Backache, tired feel-ing, Nervousness, Loss of Appetite, lwarn of kidney trouble that may end ,in dropsy.diabetes or Bright's disease.!Beware: Take Electric Bitters and besafe. Every bottle guaranteed. 50c atUberdorier's.ANNOUNCEMENTS.We are authorized to announce Sidney G. Clay as a candidate for Repre-SPnr.at.lVP in t.hP T.onriclntnra -fynm IBourbon county, subject to the actionof the Democratic party.lOiSSKeKhh.HillMen'S and rSovsB "vv,bining comfort and style. Why destroy footeffectiveness with ill-fitting shoes when theyare the only feet you will ever have?Save your nerves as well as your feet by wearing The Stetson Shoe the shoe that reachesthe top-notch of shoe smartness and gives shoeservice.The Stetson is made in high toe, arch and heel effects forthe young man in conservative, comfort-giving styles for themore conservative.Mitchell & Blakemore."Stetsons cost more by the pair, but less by the year."Saved Many from Death.W. "L. Mock, of Mock. Ark., believeshe has saved many lives in his 25years of experience in the druer business. "What! always like to do,"hey wrifptj. "fq to rflnnmmfinfl "Dr.Kind's New Discoverv for weak, sorelungs, hard colds, hoarseness, obsti-nate coughs, lagrippe, croup, asthmaor other bronchial affection, for Ii feel sure that a number of my neigh-j bors are alive and well today becausethey took my advice to use it. 1 honestly believe its the best throat andlung medicine that's made." Easy toprove he's right. Get a trial bottlefree, or regular 50c or $1.00 bottle.Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.German Books Travel Far.Germany does a very large andprofitable trade with other countriesin books printed in the German language. A largely increasing quantityis sent every year to Japan.Healthy Spot In EuropeThe village of Aumone in Franco isSo5f1 tn ho tb iirniHllocf ," d l Tf I t n f , e '! ,n Eap( U has onIy 40 inhabitants. 23of whom are over eighty years old.and one is over one hundred.Normal Children.All proper children are destructivaThat is their way of finding out whatthings are made of. But they getover it. It is not well to take theirinconvenient activities too seriously.George Hodges, In Atlantic,WE WILL POSITIVELY SAVEYOU MONEY ON YOURSULu I iilllwP0'Come and SeeIt will take you just a few minutes tolook over our line of Men's and Boys'Clothing, and in that way you can find outto yourown satisfaction whether or not itwould pay you to buy here.Be justas critical, just as exacting, justas sharpeyed as you can, when you cometo see these clothes. Try them on, standbefore the mirror and see how you look inthem. You will then realize that nowhereelse can you get as much real value formoney as here.'Why can we sell for less moneythan other stores? Simply because we'reduce every expense to !3a minimum low rent very littleclerk expense,An elegant showing of(lothincr Hats. Cans anrtthat will Save You ManyJDolIarsBennie Weissbeig,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Building, Main Street,PARIS, - - KENTUCKYmmmmmmmmwmmwm mmmFit Your Feetwith The Stetson, comStarts Much Trouble.If all people knew what neglect orconstipation would result in severeindigestion, yellow jaundice or virulent liver trouble they would soon,take Dr. King's New Life Pills andend ic. Its the only safe way. Bestfor billiousness, headache, dyspepsia,,chills and debility.25c at Oberdorfer's-Don't Get the "Swell Head."Pride goeth before destruction and'a haughty spirit before "a fall. Proverbs 16:18.If Justice Were Done.Man "Who is the responsible person in this firm?" Office Boy 'Tin.the one who gets all the blame."How's This?We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh thatcannot be cured by HalPs CatarrhCure.F. J. CHENEY & CO.Toledo, O-We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions, and Financially able to carry out any obligations made by bis firm.WALDING, KINNAN & MARVIN,.Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloocBandmucous surfaces of the system:Testitimonials sent free. Price- locrper bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. cash buying, c.Fnrnichincrc af Prir.psurn-.K.THE. BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; MAY 19, 1911IECZEMA? -so many InquiriesEczema and otherthat we are glad toWHAT CURES"We have hadlately regardingskin diseases,make our answer public. After care- I efTect that Meridian and Governorfi invrct?mtinn we have found that Grav would meet in a special race on.ut o . . - ( m 1 i j l& simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,Governor Gray and Meridian toMeet.Turf lovers from all over the worldwill be interested in the announcementmade late Wednesday afternoon to theJJ 1 T- T" "TV nnn Irt VX-as compounucu m xj. u. xj., -m "-lied upon. "We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of Itand although there are many so-calledEczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing itch.Because D. D. D. starts the cure atthe foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairtee ravages of the disease.Because; The records of ten yearsr tnmrtWp r.nrps of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today recognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over your case with us.G. S. Varden & Son.Police Court.In Police Court yestreday MarshallStivers, colored, wa's fined $12.50 fordisorderly conduct Florence Morgana, negress, for disorderly conduct,was fined $12.50. Judge January suspended the fine on condition the woman leave town in twenty minutes.Thursday, June l.to decide the super iority between these two throughbreds.Meridian, as is well known, won therceent Kentucky Derby, while Governor Gray ran.second, and since then ithas been a very serious question withthose concerned as to which is the better horse.Both owners are willing to test themerits of their charges, and when thematter came up little time was wastedin arranging the details. In fact,both men were eager for a meeting.For various delicate reasons the turfloving public seems to be at sea as towhich is the better animal over a distance of ground.Residences Sold at Auction.The two brick residences of Mr.George W. Wilder on High street weresold at pbulic auction yesterday afternoon. Mr. Harry Stamler purchasingthe property at the corner of High andThirteenth streets for $3,575, whilethe residence adjoining was knockedoft: to Cfpt. J. W. Taylor, gfor $3,7003The vacant lot at the corner of Mainand Tnirceenth was bid to l,0o andwithdrawn.Middlesboro Gets Meeting.The Grand Encapmment, a branchof the I. O. O. F.. in session at Ashland this week selected Middlesboro asthe place for holding the meeting nextyear.Tor Sale PrfoateiyDESIRABLEResidence PropertyON SECOND STREET.I offer for sale privately my frameresidence corner of Second street andLiilleston avenue. Contains five rooms,two halls, bath, pantry, back andfront porches; cellar under entirehouse; gas throughout; water in yardand house; sewer connection. Theresidence fronts on Second street, andis extremely desirable; fine bhadetrees on all sides. Immediate possession can be given.Prospective purchasers invited to inspect the premises.TERMS. Made known on application to the undersigned.JOHN ARKLE.12 tf Home Phone 211.Buys Cattle.At Mt. Sterling Court Monday W. J.Clark, of Paris, bought thirty-one 650pound yearlings at from 5 to 5 1-4cents, and Wm. Whaley bought thirtycows and heifers of various parties at4 to 4 1-2 cents.Cut Worms Plentiful.Cut worms are plentiful this year inIs This "Our" Wilkinson?At Lancaster, Ohio, Wednesday, theLancaster Club of the Ohio StateLeague, was defeated by the Hamilton Club. The Lancaster J team attributed their defeat to a decision ofUmpire Wilkinson, who called a lineof the third bag a foul. His "umps"was roughly handled alter tne game.This is perhaps the same Wilkinsonthat held the indicator in the BlueGrass League last season, and figurediprominently in several near riots onthe ball grounds over the circuit.The Contested Game.The Maysville Indepenent says:"President Ussery of the league hasreceived from Umpire Ronan andPresident Bacon of the Paris Clubsigned statements which constitute thetestimony in the contested game ofParis vs. Maysville."These statements are now in thehands of the Maysville Club OfficersNews o! The Diamond.TUESDAY.Lexington defeated Paris Tuesdayafternoon by a score of 7 to 5. Ashbywas knocked out of the box in the firstinning and was replaced by Harold,whowas also hit hard. Robbins wastouched up for 11 bingles but keptthem well'scattered. The score:Paris 1 0 0 10 10 1 15Lexington 4 0 2 0 10 0 0 x-7Batteries Lexington, Robbins andHaines ;Paris, Ashby.Harold and May-or Wife I ovintrtnn 111 Pnrie 11Errors Lexington 4, Paris 3. Earnedruns Lexington 2, Paris 2. Two basehits Ellis 2, Kuhlman. Home runsYancey, Badger. Bases on balls offRobbins 4, off Harold 1. Stolen basesBadger. Struck out by Robbins 5,by Harold 3. Left on bases Lexington 4, Paris 13. Sacrifice hits Kimbro, Ellis, Schneider, McKernan. Wildpitches Robbins, Harold. Passed ballMayer. First base on errors Lexington 3, Paris 3. Hit by pitcherMcKkrnan. Time 1 :45. UmpireFeye.WEDNESDAY.KflUFMiN,8TRflUS&60Central Kentucky's Greatest Department Store,Lexington, Ky.Fly Time.Keep out the pesky house fly. Wehave screen doors and windows of allsizes that will do it, also screen wireby the yard. Now is the time to getbusy.9 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.)ientuui mis year in t - "" . -w jca A , .'nof moiHncr -Fnr f ho ana lOUay iney Will examine aim re-COm crop to begin coming up. Many turn to the League President for hisfarmers advise holding off a while yet decision.before planting corn. "The Bourbon News seems confidentthat President Usery will decide in' favor of Paris."The News has never expressed anyconfidence in the result of the decisionof President Ussery, but from thefacts presented to us as regards theplay which occasioned the protest, wefail to see how it could go any otherway than be decided in favor of Paris.Umpire Ronan said while in the citylast week it was very clear to him thathe had made a mistake For the benefit of those who are not familiar withthe rules we quote a portion of Rule59, which in our judgment covers theerase, and which is as fellows:"One run shall be scored every timea base runner, after having legallytouched the first three bases, shalllegally touch the home base beforethree men are put out; provided, however, that if he reach home on or ; during a play in which the third man beforced out or be put out before reaching first base, a run shall not count.'Poor Accommodations.Lexinerton has been busy with herhammer knocking Paris whenever an,'opportunity presented itself and particularly when the Republican Convention was held in this city a fewweeks ago. The Lexington papers refurred more than once to the poor accommodations to be had in this cityespecially so on an occasion whichbrought into the town a large numberof persons.The conclave which was held in Lexington Tuesday and Wednesday clearlydemonstrated that Lexington has noaccommodations of which to boast.In Lexington Wednesday "night itcould be heard discussed on almostevery side this subject. A largenumber of Knights from adjoiningtowns were unaole to secure roomsand were compelled to return to theirhomes.That Paris was chosen as the nextmeeting place for Grand Commanderygives evidence that some &till remember the hospitable manner in whichthey wore entertained here five yearsago and Paris will outdo herself whenthe Knights assebmle here next May.MATRIMONIAL.The following invitations havebeen issued:Mr. and Mrs. Charles Henry Menginvite you to be presentat the marriage of their daughterMrs. Molly Meng HarrisontoMr. Horace Sargent Baconon Wednesday, June the seventhnineteen hnndred and elevenat twbelve o'clockat Wood lawnNorth MiddletownBourbon County, Kentucky.Sale of Women'sTailored Suits atIi$25iIn a snappy contest at White ParkWednesday, afternoon Paris administered a coat of white wash to the RiverMen, and during the nine sessions accumulated six tallies.Shears, who was a victim of theMaysvillp team in the opening gameof the season, avenged his first defeat,and while the men from Mason ha Ithe stations clogged on several occasions, and many times were in a position to score, but Shears tightened upand the necessary hit was not forthcoming. On the other hand Friedly wastocuhed up for a dozen bingles, manyof them counting in the run-getting.In the second inning Kuhlman hit outa three-bagger, scoring Barnett. Thescore :Paris.' 0 2 0 10 0 3 0 x-GMaysville 0 0 0 0 o 0 0 0 00Batteries Paris, Shears ?nd Mayer;Maysville, Friedley and Holder. HitsParis 12, Maysville, 7. ErrorsParis 2, Maysville 2. Three base hitsKuhlman. Two base hits harrell.Base on balls off Shears 3, off Fripdly 3. Struck out by Shears 6, byFriedly G. Double plays Mayer toHarrell, McKernan to Harrell to Barnett. Wild nitch Friedly. Hit bvpitcher Mack, Stolen bases Kuh!-, j$man, McKelvy, Holder. "Sacricfie hits! jTime One hour and forty-live minutes. THURSDAY.Paris yesterday defeated the Coltsbya score of 9 to 7. Schrauder pitched for the locals.Our sale of dress v tailor made Suits at this Drice has-been such an unqualified success that we find ourselves running short on sizes and colors and in order to replenish thelines we have added from our regular stock a number ofsuits that have sold heretofore at 335, $38 and S40. Theseare in black and white serges, fine worsteds and homespuns.Dresses $14.75Values Up to $23.50We have placed on sale a choice assortment of pretty,stylish new silk dresses, made from splendid quality puresilk foulards, messalines and satins, in stripes, checks andneat figures, handsomely trimmed. We simply say they arethe best values ever offered in this city.Diaz to Sesign June 1.The Mexican revolutionists gained acomplete victory Wednesday when itwas announced from Mexico City thatPresident Diaz and Vice PreisdentCorral would resign their ofiices before June 1 and Francisco De la Barrawould be made president ad interimand Francisco I. Madero, Jr., President of the Provisional MexicanGovernment, would be his chief advisor. These two are to form a new cabinet. A genreal armstice has been declared throughout Mexico and peace isexpected to follow. A general presidential election will be called withinsix months.New Models In TailoredBlousesOn display for the first time this season a charmingselection of fresh new designs in Dutch neck, sailor collar,short sleeve blouses in soft handkerchief linen, neat dimities.Jap silks and colored madras. Also the new racquet waistswith leather belts.Prices range from 2.50 to 5 each.THE MODELS ARE EXCLUSIVEKaufman, StrauLexington, Ky.cRichmond Here for Two Games.""The Pioneers will be the attiactionat White Park this afternoon and alsoen Saturday. The Richmond team willmake an effort to avenge themselvesfor the defeat of last Saturuay which1 was lost after one of the hardest struggles ever seen on the local lot. ThePioneers are putting up a snappy gameearly in the season and the Bcurbonites have a task before them t: takethe two contests today and tomorrow.RELIGIOUS.Our Line of Sterling Silver is Very Complete.Just the th:wedding gifts.ftforCARPETS, RUGS AND MATTINGS.The new Spring Goods arebeautiful more interesting,more fascinating than everbefore and the prices aremost reasonable. Whateverof new Rugs, Carpets, Mattings the home needs yourhome just remember thatjust the right place is A. F.Wheeler's.Wheeler's New Iceberg Refrigerator Saves Your IceBill. $6.75 up to $38.50.jaippcvtww-3- - "r 'Jf ( J I fT ImMlillJMOJlllIIio i s o qChild's Crib $5.75.The firsr Surf ay in June will bechildren's Day at the Christianchurch.Regular Sunday morning serviceswill he hell at the court house by Rev.O. tt. Ctckett, of the Methodist! liu en :t 10.45. Sunday school at' y 45 o'clcck.j "r r kv- :.t S Peter's Episcopali or urcri bunuj; intirring and afternoonby the rector, Kev. J. M. Maxon.Moriiing services ac 10:43 and afternoon at 4 o'clcck.Preaching next Sunday morningand evening ab Baptist church by thepastor, E. M. Lightfoot. Services inmorning at 10:45, subject, "UltimateTriumph." At night, "The GreatestFamine."Elder Carey E. "Morgan willpreach the naccalaureate sermon tothe graduating class of tho BourbonFemale College at the Christianchurch Sunday morning. At night hewill fill his pulpit at the usual hourand the new members, who unitedwith the church during the revivalwill be receved into the fellowship ofthe church.Iran and Brass Beds $2.25up ft $60.00.Gent's Chifforobe $18.75and $25. Just the thing forthe young man's room.-CY-- WK f .41' 3i2 MWiM'f? rjSolid Oak Rocker $2,25.A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE COMPANYflam mi Thiri Sfs.CHHS. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court House.REMEMBER THISThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid Silverand we can give you anythingfrom a teaspoon to a tea-set.SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.BCU"The House of Quality."Both Phones.J.VDrowned Men Come (o Life.A telephone message from TalbottStation was received heie Mondaynizht stating two suits of clothes hadbeen found on the cieck bank, andthat a no one could be found in theneighborhood it was evident the owners of the clothes had been drowned.The message was received at PoliceHeadquarters and early Tuesday morning Coroner Rudolph Davis went toTalbott in company with PatrolmanFred Link to make an investigation.After dragging Stoner Cieek for twomiks wit.icut finding anything thatlooked like a corpse it was decided totake a look at the clothing, thinkingperhaps they would disclose somethingwhich would ideutity owners.A search for the clothing was madebut they had disappeared. The"drowned men" had evidently come tolife and securing their clothes hadmade a "skiduo." it is jjthe beliefthat the owners 'of the clothes hadbeen seining in the creek and werecome upon suddenly by the partiesw'ho reported the find of the clothes.Being matched all night they werpcompelled to wait their chance tomake sin escape without detection.LookloreScreen Doors $1 to $2, complete with hangings,Adjustable Screen windows 30c, 40c and 50c,Fly Killers 10c,Lawn Mowers $3 up,Lawn Sprays 35c,Lawn Hose, guaranteed, 10c per foot,Grass Hooks and Rakes,Grass Shears 25c,Water Coolers $1.50 up,Fishing Tackle in all grades.FORD &, CO.White Mountain Refrigerators and IceFreezers unapproached in quality.Cream TI94-r9m. r-l-,rp-5-f T' S TTHE BOURBON NEWS, "PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 19, 1911.m BOURBON NEWS.FIRST. LAST. AND ALL THE TIMFLICENSES DUE.All licenses for the City ofParis were due the 1st offSay. Those who have notpaid must call at once andsettle. Office at first NationalPERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Noah Clark has returned froma two weeks' visit to relatives in Cincinnati.Mr. H. Margolen left WednesdayParis Gets Conclave Next Year. FOR RENT.for several days' stav afc Swnno-n ! Conandery in Lexington.Sprncs. L. The selection of Paris as the nextplace for holding the next annual conclave is a compliment to the city inBank.9-tfSTAMPS MOORE.Collector.Extra Work.During the month of May everypiece of mail matter passing throughthe postomce has to be weighed andcounted.Chsirch Rally.The Baptist church will hold a rallythe first Sunday in June, to whichevery member of the Paris church isexpected to be present.The Best.We have the freshest and the bestof vegetables. We sell rnon consequen'.ly order them oftener.OP. COOK.Mission Band Social."ne AlissioL Band or "the Presbyter,ttn church will give a social at thePresbyterian church Saturday night at7:30 o'clock, instead of tonight as previously announced.See Oar Specials.style Suede andThis week, latestvelvet pumps.DAN COHEN.Mali Mead.Malt Mead, the refreshing beveraie,en tee at all times..IAS. E. CRAVEN.Elected Member of Board.Mr. B. M. Renick was elected amember of the Board of Education ata meeting of the Board hld in theiroffices in the City School BuildingTuesday morning. Mr. Renick succeeds Mr. Clarence Kney, who hasmoved to the country to reside.Curtains.See those new muslin and lace curtains atJ. T. HINTON 'S.Come to Us.If you want to see the largest stockof straw hats in this citv.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Cify Tax Supervisors at Work.The Board of Tax Supervisors of thecity of Paris which is composed ofMessrs. J. W. Thomas, C. J. Lancaster and George W. Judy, has bsen actively engaged since Tuesay goingever the books'of City Assessor M. F.Kenney. They will be in session forreveral day?.Porch Swings.A swell line of porch swinps, shades,chairs, settees, lawn swings andbenches atJ. T. HINTOX'S.GRADUATION PRESENTSSee Shire 8c Pitman's vindow for new, up-tc-dctegraduation presents.Choice Lots and Fine Home.If you want the choicest buildinglots in Pari.s, or if you want a housealready buili, of the best material andworkmanship, on the most desirableresidencejstreet and in the best neighnorhood of Paris, do not forget thepublic sale advertised by Mr. Robt. C.Talbott for Saturday, May 20, on Duncan avenue. Residence contains eightrooms, two bathrooms and all modernconveniences.The Finest Wall Paper.r I have the best line of wall paper inKentucky. When you have me put itm your walls it is put on riprht.J. T. HINTON.Special To Frankiort Sunday.Paris will play her first Sunday gameaway from home next Sunday atFrankfort. The L. & N. railroadcompany will run an excursion to th atcity to accomodate the Paris fans Ewhowish to see the Lawmakers an Bourbonites meet in their first contest ofthe season. The special train willleave Paris at 12:30 o'clock Arrivingat the capital City in ample lime forthe game which will be called at 3o'clock. Returning the train willleave Frankfort at 7 p. ra. The roundtrip fare will be $1.Always Fresh.Fresh cakes and pies.FEES'.Six Falmouth Men Fined.Six Falmouth men were up in PoliceCourt Tuesday on a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct. Theywere Hub Smith, Luke Smith, Geo.Waden.Wm. Waden, George Daughertyand John Daugherty. In each instancea fine of $10 was assessed with the exception of George Maden, who was finod 7.50. Jieing only eighteen yearsof age Judge January let him off witha minimum fine after administering astrong reprimand. When the men werearrested they had in their possessioneleven quarts of whisky which wasconfiscated by the court and destroyed.Cool Underwear.E We hzve all the good kinds, from 50-ent; the garment upwards.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Wool.We are buying wool. Will pay thehighest market price. Come get yuursacks and twine.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT,23 St " Either phone 84.Boys Blouses and Waists.In solid colors and stripes, attachedand detached collars. 50 cents, 75cents and $1.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Arm Broken.Mrs. S. J. Turney, of Cynthiana,mother of;Mrs. R. K. McCarney. ofthis city, fell through a trap door ather home Tuesday afternoon and sustained a broken arm. Mrs. McCarneyis with her mother.Keep Eool.When you are sweltering on thestreets these hit afternoons just dropinto the Comet Theatre and notice thedifference in the temperature. Alwaysten dergees cooler tnan on the street.On Thursday, May 25, Manager Porter will present a picture in two reelswhich is espacially applicable to thishct weather, entitled "Dr. Cook atthe North Pole."; This will be themost interesting pictures ever presented in Paris, presenting Dr. Cook's ownstory of his achievements in search ofthe pole and putting it up to tntpeople themselves as to whether hehas had fair play. At each performance there will be a lecture fullydescribing every detail of the picture.prngsMrs. C. O. Wilmoth will retruntomorrow from a week's visit to relatives at Leesburg.Misses Margaret McLaughlin andElizatbeh Dowd have returned to Lexington after a visit to their aunt. Mrs.! B. G. Higgins.Mrs. J. Miller Ward and MissKate Alexander are Ft French LickSprings, Ind., for an extended stay.Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wallis.of NewYork, are visiting the latter's paients,Mr and Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay, onPleasant street.H Miss Eleanor Lyrle, who is attending school in Maysvlle, is spending afew days in Paris with her parents,Mr. and Mrs. O. G. Lytle.Mr. William Hibler, of Mt. Sterling, is visiting his mother, Mrs. MaryHibler, at the home of her son, Mr.Bishop Hibler, on Walker's avenue.Messrs. Joe Farns, John Doty andE. B. January returned yesterdayfrom Ashland, where they attendedthe meeting of the Grand Ccramandsr:. Miss Sue Van Meter, ot Danville,who has been the guest for severaldays of Mr. and Mrs. John Woodford,near this city, returned to her homeyesterday morning.Miss?s Kate Headley, of Lexington, and Sue Ford Olfutt and Lois Finnell, of Georgetown, guests of MissCatherine Davis for the past week,have returned to their respectivehomes.Ex-Congressman Don C. Edwards,of London, a member of the lumberfirm of T. T. Templin & Co., of thiscity, and who has been here for several days looking into business matters,returned home Wednesday.Miss Julia Frank, who ha3 beenvisiting her grandmother, Mrs. JuliaFrank, returned to her home yesterdayaccompanied by Mrs. Frank and MissCarrie Frank, who will spend a fewdays with Dr. Louis Frank.Mrs. William Bedford, of Lexington, formerly Miss' Lutie Collier, ofBourbon county, was taken to theGood Samaritan Hospital Mondayafternoon for an Jmmediate operationfor appendicitis. She stood, the operation well and is resting easy. Mrs.Bedford is a sister of Mrs. William G.McClintock of Paris.The follownig invitations havebeen issued :The Faculty and Senior ClassofBourbon CollegeAnnual CommencementWednesday evening, May twenty-fourthat eight o'clockChristian churchParis, Kentucky.Class Roll Sidnie Katherine Butris,Mary Catharine Murphy. Alice FrankHopkins. Mary Belle Wyatt, LouiseSmedlev Myall. Anna Louise Daugherty, Ethel Cortright Lair, EmmaNitia Morford. Mary Hedges Clay,Jimmie Bele Kiser, Hallie MargueriteCavlert, Ruth Chedelle Soper.The Borbon Dancing Club entertained with a dance at Elks Hall Monday evening in honor of Miss Katherine Davis' guests, Misses Sue FordOffutt and Lois Finnell, of Georgetown, and Miss Kate Headley, of Lexington. The occasion was very enjoyable and a sumptuous lunch was served at the conclusion of the dance.Those present were: Misses Lois Finnell, Georgetown Catherine Davis,Catherine Headlei. Lexington ; SueFord Offutt, Georgetown; CorinneCollins, Bess Lord,CaroIyn Roseberry,1 Elizabeth Steele, Dorothy laluott,Frances Hancock, Rena Crosdale;Messrs. Fay Ardery. Harry Horton,Holt Daniels, H.B. Fithian. Wm. Taylor. Davis Hutchcraft. Chas. W. Fithian, Hugh Ferguson, Ernest Martin,C. B. Kedmon, Blair Varden. Wm.Cooper, Ireland Davis. Davis Weeks,C. E. Butler, Jr., Clarence Barbee,Geo. W. Clay, Wm. Howard, LyonsBoard, Jascn Reduon, Harmon Turner, Harrold Harris, Oscar Hinton,James Therelkeld, May vsille,? JohnFitzgerald. Luke Abbott, Georgetown.Hughlin Kemper, Millerbsurg, MackGrimes, Hugh Campbell, CarlyleWhitehouse, Versailles. The chaperones were Mr.Withers Davis and wife,Mr. White Varden and wife.Pay Car Passes Through.The L. & N. pay car passed throughParis Tuesday and gladdened the.hearts ot the company's employes bydistributing the monthly salaries.The Grand Commandery of theKnights Templar of Kentucky willhold the conclave of 1912 in Paris.This was decided yesterday afternoonat the business session cf the Grandwhicn the Grand Comndery met inMay 190G. On this occasion the townwas turned over to the plumed armyand the hospitality of the people ofPaiis knew no limit.The annual conclave of the KnightsTemplar was held in Lexington onWednesday and Thursday. The eventwas one of the most notable in thehistory of that city and thousands ofvisitois'attended.Almost every huilding in the citywas arranged in holiday attire andfully twenty-fivet housand personswitnessed the parade which was thefeature of the opening day.Couur de Lion Commandery of thiscity with sixty Knights and headed bythe Paris Military Band made a beautiful appearance.There were more than cne thousandKnights in the parade with fifteenbands cf music.Yesterday was devoted to the business session of the Grand Commanderyand the festivities came to a close lastnight with a reception and grand ballby Webb Commandery No. 2 of Lexington in honor of the visiting Commanderies. Oleika Temple of theAncient Arabic Order of the MysticShrine also entertained the visitingKnights with a reception last night.Modern cottage on Scott Avenue.Five roms, bath, electric lights andgas. Call East Tennessee phone 591.A Beautiful Home.The sale next Saturday, May 20, onDuncan Avenue advertised by Mr.Robt. C. Talbott, will afford a rarechance to buy a beautiful home ofeight rooms, two bathrooms and allmodern conveniences on the besc streetiiPatis, within a few minutes walkof the business part of Paris. Alsotwo choice building lots on Duncanavenue."Literary Contest.The annual contest for literary honors in Paris High School will takeplace Friday evening, May 19. an thePublic School Auditorium at 7:30. Agood program has been arranged andthe public is cordially invited to bepresent.The contest is centered in the debatp. Each section of the Literaryelected two representatives to contestfor the annual honors awarded to thesuccessful debaters. The rest of theprogram is given by members of bothsertions of the society. The programfollows:PROGRAM.2 Music Paris High School Band.Address by the President G. C.Thompson.Minutes by the Secretary Miss Edna Keller.Chorus-"Ebb and Flow"-HighSchool.Debate: "Resolved, that CapitalPunishment Should De Abolished."Affirmative Eli Freidman, LewisMpglone.Negative Paul Brannon, Miss ElsieHeller.Original Essay "How to TeachLatin" Mr. John Stuart.Music High School Band.Original Questions and AnswersMessrs. DukettBrcwn and ClarenceHarney.Dialogue Mr. Edward Spears, MissBeatrice Chapman.School News Edited by Sellnstein and Nellie Rummans, to beby Miss Olive Taul.Music High School Band.Adjournment.Woll-rcadWe will have an np-to-dateconcrete man here within the;next few days. Let us figurewith you on your pavement orother concrete work you mayhave.2t STUART & O'BRIEN.Protracted Meeting Closes.The "protracted meeting rat")the!Christian church, which has been in1progress since May 1 came to a closeWednesday evening. Great interest,was manifested in the meeting whichwas admirably; conducted by Rev.Peter Ainslee of , .Baltimore. ' The,meeting closed with twenty-eight additions to the church.Jerry Sullivan's Grocery Dam-aged.The fire which visited Lexingtonlast Saturday entailing a loss of morethan $30,000, damaged the wholesalegrocery of Jerry Sullivan to the extentof at least $6,000, with an insurance of$3,000.Mr. Sullian fromerly conducted alarge genreal store at Centerville, butmoved to Lexington a few years agoto educate his children. He is abrother-in-law of Judge Denis Dun-don.Window Screens.Leave your order with us for yourwindow screens, all sizes and allprices. Screens to fit any and allwindows.16 lit SAUER.Automobile Notice.Owners and users of automobiles arehereby notified that the police havebeen, instructed to see that the lawsprescribing sped limits for automobileswithin the city limits are strictly observed, and to bring before the policecouit any who may exceed the limitprescrioed by law, which imposes apenalty for running at a speeu greuterthan eight miles per hour on straightcourse or than five miles per hour inturning corners,will be given.No further warningJ. T., HINTON,Mayor.Notice to Applicants.All applications for position asteacher in the schools of Bourboncounty must be filed with the Secretary of the Division Board, and in duplicate in the office of County Superintendent of Schools on or before thefirst day of June. 9 6tDr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Yarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapesti!W fesS iEecf siiS A -mtLACECURTAINSALEFor the Next Ten Days.Our Stock is too large and must be reduced Comeand benefit by it.iW. Ed. Tucker.IFEESCut RateCash SpecialsnDaugberfy BrosMain Street,PARIS, KENTUCKYJowl MeatSugar Cured Nothing Finer For Seasoning.Our Price per lb.OcArgo StarchThe Best Starch Made3 Five Cent Boxes For 10cREFRIGERATORSRight Now, While Our Stock 13 Full and Complete,let us supply your needs in the Refrigerator line.We have the best Refrigerator made, the celebratedSTARNORTHIt IsGuarantor dIt Is LinedWith CorkIt Saves Ice and Money.My medium Refrigerator is the STAR My Cheap Refrigerator is the MAJESTIC My Cheapest Refrigerator Is the NEW ICEBERG.SEE OUR LINE OFLawn Swings,Porch Chairs and Benches,Porch Swings, Porch Shadesand Porch Rugs.We Show Che Most -We Save You Money.Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 3G. Ni?ht and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton, residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22: J. 1). Dempsy, Home 'Phone 2S6.IJ. T. HINTONV.II:ITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 19, 1911.fFOR RENT.Two cottages on Second street. Apply toMRS. UKE BOWLES,9 3t 623 Main Street.FOR RENT.Four room house, larce barn andother outhouses, together with aboutlive acres or ground in mu city juiius.Apply toT. F. WUUDS.24 tor GEO. RASSENFOSSMAN'S DEBT POSTERITY- s Health, Strength, Vigor, VitalityIHE BOOK Ob" KaUH wm iu r35?XT-O r-. 'V?.tJiJCrs$g;(iKNOW YOURSELF!Ri.BMn Llclit for Ei cry 57an. Jfroc bjrKrici&Ie and illDlwui-. nZhSties of Mon from whateer catie ; bow produd. how cured; also Blood PolBon.it-terriboresults ; its conqueror br medical tcicn e inlate." ndmo.twmarkable victory . P""" "Famous for almost a ecore of years in CincinnatiM a Specialist to Men.PE9 wT7 ?n PS ?S r3 K-& KT FV'n f9 K" Erf fa ?5bIP ftSk & tj r 'v W; . UJ U L. . . L 5-1 $ fe NIT. i 1. F " K Isv ,v-?x. .V c" v "Vis.V ,' V .,v vVi&:. .i-arzjr-"WH.d .,12PRIDE ON BOTH SIPES.A Story f the Duke of Somersex cdthe Artist Seymour.We have all heard of (he "proud"Duke of Somerset, but we do not allknow of the occasion on which hispride had a fall. The story is told in"The Gleubervle Journals."It seems that the duchess had sentfor Seymour, a celebrated pamter ofhorses, to make the portrait of a racehorse at Petworth. Seymour duringhis stay used to dine in the steward'sroom, but one day the duke was sopleased with the picture as it advanced that he desired that he woulddine at his table.At dinner Seymour, who probablyhad not been expected to mix in theconversation, took occasion to say thathe believed he had the honor to be related to his grace. This gave such offense that he was either sent away orput so much out of humor as to goaway from Petworth without finishing the picture.Afterward the duke's pride gave "wayto the desire he had of possessing agood portrait of his favorite horse,and he ordered his steward to write toSeymour and engage him to return tofinish his work at Petworth.Seymour directed his reply to theduke himself in these words: "Yourpride would not allow that I am ofyour family. To convince you that Iam, your picture shall remain as it is;for, by , I won't come!"THE GULF STREAM.v?Vi6Itu.LxmrmAm-fiss- Yon cannot know ivhai a good ilre is V II r'S L":- y'd lyy a Michelin properly inflated r?- i7 " t v.s? y ra . b a . .bv, ri ri J-ySt - in-t i -w. m. ' aBourbon Garage & Supply Company.-.iSSH vXliaii;Fannie Howe Wins No. 1398Have Stood The Test.9fettleton Spring StylesFor thirty-two years Nettleton shoes havestood for true economy to the man of moderate means, and to the man of wealth thebest that money could obtain.In style they are a little in advance ofother makes. We have the Spring line ofNettleton Shoes and Oxfords in patent leather, black and tan Russia calfskins and glazed kid.They are here for your inspection at atime that suits your convenienceGeo. M'Will,ams9No more'tickets given on raffle until further noticeBESTrBIEBBJWiWw m mm mm misvsycr vvr r vT'fvr'i'XiNo Material Change In Its Course InModern Times.Much has been said in recent yearsin regard to the changing route of thegulf stream. Indeed, the character ofthis steady, consistent and unswervingbody was getting so maligned that thegovernment looked into the matter,with the result that this mysteriouscurrent of the ocean was entirely vindicated. Experts declare that there isno change in the course nor has therebeen for many years.No other physical feature of theocean is subject to more persistentmisinterpretation than is the gulfstream. All vagaries of climate arelaid to its charge. It is a pet theoryof many that the temperature of Europe is greatly affected by it, but thisidea is held by high authorities to beerroneous. It is not as extensive as iscommonly thought. Practically starting at the Florida strait, where itsvolume is made up by the union ofcurrents, it ceases to be a true current by the time it reaches the southern limit of the Grand banks, where itbecomes surface drift, governed by thewinds.The government experts aver thatthere has been absolutely no materialchange in the gulf stream's course inmodern times. New York Press.Eg 1H. Fh30Touring Car $1 ,000P. 0. B. DetroitPOWER To go anywhere.RELIABILITY None ever wore out.ECONOMY-Easy on tires and fuel.APPROVED-By 25,000; owners.Fore-Door Model $1 100; Roadrster Model $1000; Detachable Demi-Tonneau $1050Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.X: ,.;.. 'tMaeMeet. Us Fa6e so Face!and we will show you the nobbiest line of S15.00Suits ever shown in Paris. Every one of these Suitsis hand tailored, cut right up to style, and representsthe high class goods of Schloss Bros. & Co., (ClothesBeautiful). We show Spring Styles inStetson Hats;Hawes von Gal, best $3 hat in the world;French Fine Shoes $3.50, $4 and $5;Twin Bros.' Special Shoes, $3.50 and $4;' Full line of W. L. Douglas & Co., Shoes;High Grade Trousers $2.50 to $6.50;Men's Suits from $7.50 to $25.Note Our Window Display of $ 1 5.00 Suits.Twin BroBrLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Departmente$jmg Clothing and bhoe Department fPBYoung America's English."What is the most incorrect sentenceany of your children ever get off?"asked a Glen wood schoolteacher recently at the Schoolmen's club."One of mine got this off not longago," responded a young man whoteaches at the Robert Morris school:'It ain't hisn like, but.yourn.' ""My best," said another teacher, "ransomething like this: 'ltaro roast beefis meat what there ain't uone what'sany uuderdunner.' "The best one of the afternoon wasfurnished by a Germantown teacher."Here is one." he said, "which has theold classic, 'lie seen his duty and doneit noble,' beaten forty ways: 'Lewtennent Grant hearn the enemy in his bed.hut he snuck up on him and killed himwithout known' who. where or whathe was.' "St. Paul Dispatch.Curtis & Overby,BARBERS,f Successors to Carl Crawford3 Glairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.Varden&SonLet us fill yourPrescriptions .pure drugs andprompt service.Harden & Son.DruggistrSSPRING SPECIALSLadies will do well to remember when shoppingour J)rygoods and Ready-to-Wear Millinery andShoe Department. AVe have for your inspection afashionable display ofLadies' and Misses' Suits,Skirts,Dresses,Waists.Silk Petticoats,Muslin Underwear,Slippers,Millinerv,Drygoods.Dress Goods,Silks,White Goods,Laces,Trimmings,Embroideries,Flaxons, Etc.5a0SSratim.trc5?AVe are always pleased to have you call and seeour handsome Spring selection.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky&&Young Eagles.An eagle lives from SO to ICOyears. The young birds are drivenforth by their savage parents to provide for themselves as soon as they areable to fly. No training is given themby the old bird. That is left to theirwild instincts, which hunger and necessity develop. There is no "goingback to the old home" for the youngeagles. The mother bird tears up every vestige of the nest, and if theyemit plaintive shrieks the old birdsdart at them and push them off thecrags or rocks and thereby make themtake to their wings. It takes threeyears for a young eagle to gain Itscomplete plumage and strength.aBmfiMKBysssCHARLES W. HECK,"ISUCCESSORS TOThe Variable Star Algol.The most noted variable star in thtuniverse is Algol, which changes itsbrilliancy so remarkably that it wasnoted by shepherds of Mesopotamiamany years ago. It is now known thatAlgol Is not one star, but a double one.There are two suns revolving around acommon center, one of which is blazing like our sun and the other is deadlike the earth. Thus when the darksun partially intervenes between usand the burning Algol much light iscut off.HOLLIBAY & SETTLEGarriaoe and Repair shod at. Paris. Ky;,CInvites the Public Patronage.Twenty-five years experience in the business.J5Reason For Her Opinion."Do you think genius and insanitynlways go together?"'"Oh, no. I am convinced that myhusband is half crazy most of the time,but I've never seen him give the faintest gleam of genius." Chicago Record-Herald.Hit Hard."I flatter myself I've made a hit withIhls song. Er by the way, who wasthe gentleman that was moved to tearsand went out?""That was the composer." LondonTatler.Changed Color.Howell You were the dark horse inthe convention, weren't you 7 PowHlNo; I was a blond jackass. NewYork Press.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep putting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your ovn come and see us.We Will Give You Free EstimatesWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moderate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show youour complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such asgoes to make up a good home. We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & MPf 9q ComanYard at Of f ice,15th and Main Sts.IncorporatedPARISpanv,,KY.IHome Phone 12; E.T. 530tJA't Lj.-&MiarilkrfamltmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 19,1911."BLACK HAWKCORN PLANTERNo. 15 VARIABLE DROP !Light Draft, Simple Construction.::timm8r ' Wur special new feature in this planter is that we not only get an accurate number of kernels in each hill, but we get the number of kernels in each hill which thefertility of the soil is able to bring to perfect maturity.No field was ever known to contain exact uniformity in strength of soil. It isjust as unreasonable to expect the same results from thin, weak soil in comparisonwith deep, rich soil, as it is to expect a child to do a man's work. This is a reasonable proposition, particularly to the scientific corn grower.More money is being spent and greater efforts along educational lines are beingmade to-day than ever before in the world's history to increase the yield of corn peracre. We contributed a very large effort to accomplish these results with our BlackHawk single kernel edge drop, and we now add to our combination the No. 15 Variable Drop, with which the drop can be changed to 2, 3 or 4 kernels in a hill withoutstopping the team; or can drill 7 1-2, 10 or 15 inches, 9, 12 or 17 1-2 inches, or 11, 14or 22 inches apart, without stopping the team.Hand Drop Attachment with each Planter, has Foot Drop also. Willplant last two rows and wind wire at same time. Come and let us showyou the best planter made.Terkes & Kenney,Paris, KentuckviProfessional Cards jj8J J. WITjTjIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-L AW.iloom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office .114 Main Street.E T 13K.Office Phones ) Home 136. , E. T. 334.Residence , Home 334i "p m"1SI 1 . 9jTiarKoien s.DR. A. W KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 3, Elk's Bld'g.pari8 f .... KentuckvHarry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.6. . Determan,rnitnrDArTftE I MHV.VI BA- - V-w j mmlLn;o!en,See me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE: See Mitchell& Blakemore Building.920 Main St., 'Phones 586.Paris, Ky.$emsjJInnie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents."Work done promptly and satisfaction fguaranteed.auslGtf East Tenn. Pho e 669 !Joe. G. Mitchell;Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank, .Representing Old Reliable Companies, jInsurance against Fire, Wind andLiphtning. !Your patronacre solicited.Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of I percent magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Umioa Tnut Buildiar. CiaciBBati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.Balked at Cold Steel."I wouldn't let a doctor cub my footoil," said II. D. Ely, Bantam, Ohio, j"although a horrible ulcer had been ithe plague of my life for four years ,instead 1 used micklen's Arnica Salveand mj" foot was soon completely cured." Heals burns,boils, sores, bruises,eczema, pimples, corns. Surest pilecure. 2oc at Oberdorfer'sMy Meeting With Lady Macbeth.The following composition is thework of 'E. Paul Brannon, son of Mr.and Mrs. Sam Brannon. a member ofhe Sophomore class of the Paris HighSmool:During my stay in Scotland, as a reporter for Tribune, I received a cablegram from the editor to write up theieudal castles in the Highlands.Though I was having a good timewith the pretty lasses on the seashore,i naa to comply at once or lose mymeal ticket. So, hiring a jog-cartd iven by a burly old clansman, calledSandy, I set out.After many miles of rough ridincr, Isaw a pile of old ruins behind a thickwood of evergreens, and leaving Sandyin the cart I made my way toward it.Around the castle grew a wild hedge,through which I forced my way withthe aid of a pocket-knife.The gray Walls were overgrown withivy and only the left batlement wasstill preserved. Crossing the broad,dry moat, I climbed tbe steps and entered the tower.By the light of a match I walkedacross the hall, clutching my revolvertightly in my hand. On the left sidea heavy door swung on its rustyhinges. I passed through it and started up the winding stone stair-case,which arose before me. To my surprise lighted candles at intervals onthe walls gave out blue, sickly rays.Directly at the top ot the steps wasa door which I opened. As I steppedin a woman in white garments enteredfrom a door in the rear. I quicklyjumped behind a projection in the walland watched her move across theroom, with snake-like glide, claspingto her bosom a long knife whichgleamed in the light of the candle inher hand.3 She placed the candle on a ledge inthe wall and, after concealing thedagger in the folds ot her dress, began to dampen her hands ox the green,-ozy wall. I could see her rubbingthem vigorously."Out, damned spot: Out, I say,"she moaned.Where had I heard those words before? In my interest I stepped out into the room and she saw me. Gleefully, she ran toward me crying:"Macbeth, Macbeth; no mure of thatmy lord; you mar all with this starting." My blood curdled. I turned to leavethe room, when she caught me by thearm, saying: "Infirm of purpose,give me the daggers; give them tome, Lady Macbeth, Queen of Scotlandand thy dearest partner of greatness "She grabbed me. The pale facewith its wild blood-shot eyes, whichglared into mine, made me reel withhorror.A loud noisa made her loosen herhold on my throat and two uniformedmen rushed in and handcuffed her.As they led her from the room oneof them said to me, "My God man,but you had a close shave. We've beenhunting for her eight hours. She'sthe most dangerus inmate of the asylum. Went looney over over-studv ofShakespeare, when she was an ar;.tress.7'When I reached the cart I looked upat the stars and muttered a prayer toGod fcr my preservation. Then waking Sandy, we drove to the village inn.Eighteen Indicted.Eighteen indictments were returnedFriday by the McLean county grandjury for the allotted members of themob that lynched Will Potter, a negro,at Livermoie several weeks ago.FREE FOR STOMACH AND BOWELSvVe are in receipt of letters fromMrs. Eva Gaskins, 304 Madison St.,Topeka, Kan., and Mr. P. H. Ga villas, Wagoner, Okla., as well as manyothers, telling about the wonderful results they have secured in the cure oftheir stomach and liver troubles bythe use of Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin. This remedy, as all readers doubtless know, has been before the publicfor a generation and is now beingmore extensively used than any otherremedy for stomach, liver and bowelcomplaints. According to reliable testimony, it seems to be a very quickand lasting cure for constipation, indigestion and dyspepsia, liver trouble,biliousness, headaches, sour stomach, gas on the stomach, drowsinessafter eating and similar disorders. Itis a Hquid with tonic effect, and somild and gentle in action that a cfeiWas well as a grown person caa take itin fact, it has no equal for ckUdrta.women and old people.It arouses the flow of gastric juice,and by a peculiar action traias tkestomach and bowel muscles to agaiado their work naturally, and in timemedicines of all kinds can be dispensed with. A free sample bottlecan be had for trial by sending youraddress to the doctor, for in thiaway Mrs. Gaskinds, Mr. Gavellas andmany others first learned of the cure.Later, when satisfied it is the remedyyou need, do as others are doing andbuy it of your druggist at fifty centsand one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, 111.TOM MACK 1 THE SADDLE STALLION,The?remium Jack.Fine black jack, 16 hands high, largebone, mealy nose and belly, 5 yearsold, weight 1,150 pounds.Tom Mack'will make the season of1011 at Marchmont Stock Farmon theWinchester pike, 2 miles east of Paris,at$10 for Mares and $15 for JennetsTO INSURE A LIVE COLT.Lien retained on colt until seasonmoney is raid. Mares kept at S3 permonth or ten cents per day on grass.Not responsible for accidents or escapes. CHARLTON A. CLAY.E. T. Phone 57.R. F. D. No. 2, Pari, Ky.15J hands high, heavy mane rand tailwill make the season of 1911 at Hidaway Stock Farm, two miles East ofParis, on the Little Rock and NorthMiddletown pikes at$15 to Insure a Living ColtBEN D'OR is by' McDonald Chief,sire of Dandy Jim, Hughes Red McDonald, and others.First dam, Nacy. by Lovely4, he byLedger; Nancy's first dam Fleet byForest Temple.Money due when colt comes, marparted with, cr bred to another horse.Lien retained on all coIt3 until seasonmoney is paid.Not responsible for accidents orescapes.t. b. stith;R. F. D. No. 1, Paris, KyBa'SiwiWoodland Stock FarmHeadquarter Sfor Draft; Horse.BLACK PRINCENo. 4S.710$15 to InsureBLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the daft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 1700 pounds inweight. lias proven to b3 a sure foaltretter. and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to hinl.BURLEYBlack Percheronit. 173$15 to InsureBURLEY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse, and his get have provento be of the very best. There is asteadily growing demand for the classof horses produced by Barley, both upon the farm and in the cities. Theystand more work than the generalof horses. BurleyisTyearsold, a. Beantiful black. He is well-formed and ofrhn plncc fhnf-rnfrT-ica fVio ata Tn calnni ting a horse to breed to," select onewnose prouuee commanas uest price.According to Grade.Vessels Iaise may venture morebut little boats should keep nearshore. Franklin.WASH THAT ITCH AWftYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relievedfrom that awful itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a trip tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your labt cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. . Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat tenible burning itch, and leavethe skin as smooth and healthy asthat of a child.If you have not already tried It, getat least a 25-cent bottle today. Ye assure you of instant relief.Sold by W. T. Brooks.j STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESSure Thing.A scientist says that people wouldhave more sense if they did not wearhats. Yes, and husbands would havemore dollars. Charleston News andCourier.Fitting Gift.Literary Mistress "Bridget, I wantto make you a present Er which Isyour favorite poet?" Harper's Bazar.Keep Your Own Counsel.Tell your secrets and become alave. Sterne.Farming Annoyance.One of Abo Martin's sayings wasthis: "The hardest thing a farmerdoes, next to plowin'. Is givln halfthe road to a touring car."Davey Tree Expert Co.,Kent, Ohio.Anyone wishing their trees inpsectedor treated by scientific men taught bythe Davey Institute of Tree Surgery,of Kent, Ohio, please write or phoneG. G. MILLER,406 Pleasant street.Home phone 254. PariaJKy.' Mr. Mat. S. Cohen, of Lexington,Ky., has sent the good young saddlestallion, Bourbon Star, to Hook &Woods, Paris, Mo., to be Crair.eJ forthe fall shows.W. G. McClinlock shipped to theCincinnati market last vvcl-k fnur carloads of hogs weighing from 175 to 200pounds, for which he paid 5 1-4 to 5 1-2cents per pound.J. Miller Ward 3old last week toW. G. McClintock a carload of 22pound hogs at 5 1-2 cent3 per pound.There were one hundred head in thelot and they were shipped to the Cincinnati market Saturday.Many mules are being shipped toDecatur, Ala., from Tennessee andKentucky and are being sold to thefarmeis in the Decaturs and vicinityat good prices. Almost every week acarload of mules arrive and are soondisposed of in the markets of theDecaturs.Despairing of being able to profitably raie tobacco this year becauseof the low prices of the weed, the highcost of labor and the scarcity of tobacco plants, many Nicholas county farmers are preparing to put in one of thebiggest crop of watermelons everplanted in that county.Total receipts of live stock on theChicago market for the week endingMay 6, were 48,800 cattle, 153,900hogs, and 884,500 sheep. The week'srcaeipts compared with the previousweek, in round numbers increased 800cattle, 7,400 hogs, and 11.900 sheep.Compared with the correspondingweek a year ago, cattle increased4,303, hogs 6F00 and sheep 29.5C0.Georgetown Court. The Georgetown Times says: "Monday was aslim court day both in attendance andthe amount of live stock on the market, due largely to the fact that it wasa dusy time with farmers. AuctioneerBen B. Peak sold eight common cattle, of about 450 pounds weight, forFrank Hall at $18.55 per head ; eighteen yearlings for H. H. Collins at$35.75 per head and 13 short yearlingsfor Rev. W. B. G Wynne at $30.50."That the smallest acreage of tobacco pver put out in Nicholas countyin modern years will be transplantedby Nicholas county growers this yearis now said to be evident. Reportsfrom various portions of the countyare to the effect that tobacco plantsare doing no good and that wholeneighborhoods have no plants. Thefarmers are afro hindered with bingsome two months behind with theirwork and have been unable to preparethe ground for traasplanting. iI he above horses will make the season of 1 91 1 at Wootffawn Stock FarmAbon 7 miles north of Paris on the Cynthiana pike. Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all colts until season money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING I-1INKSOIM, Lair, Ky.T3' "kd LOCANDA 202,A superb individual, a race champion and a royally bred stallion Fastestson of the mighty Allerton 2:01);. champion to high wheels and the greatestsire. Locanda's dam was the daughter of Alcyone, sire of McKinney2:11). He holds the record for one and one-half miles, 3:15); was thechampion racing stallion of 190M905-; three-year-old record 2:16; four-year-oldrecord 2:14)r(; five year-old record 2:07; six-year-old record2:05;seven-year-old record 2 :033.j ; eight-year-old record 2:02.$50 FOR A: LIVING FOALJNORAB 36915, Trial 2.16, TrottingBrown horse, 18 hands high, sdlendid bone and substance; sired by BaronWilkes 2:18, dam Episode 2:18 by Ambassador 2:2114, grandam Santos (damof Peter the Great 2:074" and Malcolm J. Fori (3) 2:03) by Grand Sentinel$15 FOR A LIVING FOALW. A. BACON,lMaplehurstTarm, Paris,f KentuckyI-V 1 A 11BaldwinPacking"The Model Packing Plant,-Io.,IRespectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good things Vwe produce.For sale by allj first-class grocersanddealers.BaldwinPaoking-Oo.Paris, Kentucky.IINTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 19, 1911.IWtkt Imm taking EasyROYAiIB ggovAt tistrT BBAKIliPOWDERAbsolutely PureWta only baking powdermade from Royal CrapeCream of TartarNO ALUMD LIME PHOSPHATEiMILLERSBUnG ITEMS.Ceromencerner.t t.r uvenirsConnell's.at iMc16 4tMr. Wallace Shsm on. of 'Louisville,arrived Tuesday on business.Have you seen the college spoons atMcConnell's? 16 4tAll kinds of fresh vegetables andiruits recieved daily at Lcuis Vijnont's. Flowers Carnations and roses. Place.your commencement order earlv.12 Ut LOUISE CRAY, Agent.Miss Nannie Gill, of Maysville, arrived Tuesday to viist Mr. ar.d Mrs.Aaron McConnell.Rev. R. S. Sanders and Messrs. J.T. Purdy and A. T. Moffett left Tuesday for the General Assembly of the iSouthern Presbyterian church which is jnow in session at Louisville.Our people were very much affected jby the disastrous fire at Cat lisle Tuf s-day mominzr, we having sufferedseveral similar experiences and knowiiow to sympathize and appreciate the'misfortunes of such sufieiing. From'the time the word reached here thatriYAMP.r-'r!r-' I&."Exclusive Footwear in all the New Toe?; Patterns andLeathers for Spring and Summer Wear Areon Exhibition in Our Store Right Nov.We have ready for youfor young men, the dressy, substantial models tor business and street wear, andevery one guaranteed to give satiff action. Idymr Jn ori fs&Below we mention a few exceptionally good values especially priced.ON SALE THIS WEEK:Special $1.99Bv tffilBBBBilJJKPmDSbwIIvI This line consists of smart, snappy,) up-to-date models in one and twostrap Pumps and Oxfords. ThelfVkAc arp VIvt?: Stip.de. GunMetal Vici Kid and Patent Co!t Agreat bargain. See them.Misses and Children's Patent Leather Peekaboo Slippers Special price, sizes 81-2 to 11, $1.24;11 1-2 to 2, $1.49.DAN COHENa .1336 Main Street, - -AT THE BIG ELECTRICthe Millersburg fire engine was needed to assist in saving the city it required just twenty-three -minutes toget the engine oat load it and start iton the way. Nearly ten minutes oftiat time was taken up in waiting forthe freight train to set a flat car onwhich to load the apparatus.Mis. Kate Williams, of Irvine, wasthe guest of her mother, Mrs. LouiseClarke, Monday and Tuesday.The many friends of Mrs. WilliamBedford residing in Lexington willlearn with sorrow that she underwenta serious operation Monday afternoon.She is resting comfortable at thistime. Mrs. Bedford is a daughter ofMrs. M. R. Collier, of Millersburg.Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Treeman, ofCampbellsville, were in town a shorttime Monday morning. They weremarried at Campbellsville Sunday andwere enroute to Cincinnati on a shortbridal tour. It will be rememberedthat Mr. Treeman was empioyed fur ashort time last winter by Mr. T. T.Bentley as barber.The following arp attending theDistrict Sunday School and C. W. B.M. Convention of the Christian churchnow in session at Carlisle: Elder andMrs. T. W. Troy, Mrs. R. L. Wilsonand dauihter. Miss Aleta, Mrs. C. D.Tackett, little Miss Katherine Taylor,Ur. K. C. Burroughs and Mrs. 0. M.Johnson. Little Katherine Taylor sanga solo and Aleta Wilson recited.The Best Cold Drinks.Our Soda Fountain is now in operation and we are prepared to servethe public with all the choice colddrinks to be 'had. We cater to nonehut the best trade.VARDEN & SON.Theatrical Men Hold Meeting..At a meeting of theatrical managersfrom the neighboring towns in CentralKentucky, held at the PkouMX Hotelin Lexington, Tuesday, a temporaryorganization was effected with the endin view of securing better attractionsfor the various hcuses during the coming season.Those present at the meeting were:W. P. Baxter, Richmond; R. S. Porter, Paris; T. E. Neer. Georgetown;R. M. Brown, Shelby ville; M. H. Nave,Nicholasville; H. A. Rohs, Cynthiana.After an informal discussion for. anhour, touching on various points relating to the interests of the managersthe meeting adjourned to meet againWednesday, May 24, at the PhoenixHotel, when a permanent organizationwill be effected.the new Summer models,TKm Vnil Will lift Oladi You Did. fiBig Merger of Traction InterestsArticles incorporating the threepresent traction interests operatingout of Lexington into the new corporation of the Kentucky Traction andTerminal Company were filed Wednesday in the office of the FayetteCounty Clerk.The capital stock of the companiesconsolidating amounts to the sum of$1,925,000 and the capital stock of thnew corporation is twoj and one-halfmillion dollars.The new corporation commenced itscorporate existence on JMay 17, 1911,and is to continue for a term of onehundred and ninety-ninp years, thelimit of corporate indebtedness whichit may assume being not in excess ofthe sum of lb,000f000.The new corporation is a consolidation of the Lexington Railway Company with a capital stock of $800,000 ;the Blue Grass Traction Companywith a capital stock of $700,000; ardthe Central Kentucky Traction Company with a capital stock of $425,000.Macon is Selected.The business meeting of the UnitedConfederate Veterans came to a closeat Little Rook, Ark., Wednesday andMacon, G3., was selected as the nextplace for holding the reunion.Hair Goods,The firm of Curtis & Overby has secured the agency for a Columbus firmfor toupees, wigs and hair goods of allpescriptions. The prices on wigs andtoupees range from S15 up. 10 tfAttempt to Hold Up Pay Train.Armed with an antiquated shotgun,which recently disappeared from ahotel, and waving a piece of red calico.Charley Williams attempted to holdup the Louisville and Nashville paytrain as it approached the Sulphur,Ky., station Monday morning. Thecrew stopped the train and startedafter Williams. He dropped the shotgun and escaped.CLINTON VILLE ITEMS., Services at the Clintonville Christian church next Lord's Day, May 21, by Elder A. Sanders, minister, as follows: 11 a. m., theme, "Mother,.Home, Heaven;" 8 p. m. theme,"Jesu is the Only Way to Heaven;"10 a. m., Bible school, Newton Shropshire, Superintendent; 7:30 p. m. song' and prayer service. The LoyaljClaEses will meet Saturday with Mr.land Mrs. Gano Hildreth. Members ofBible schuul and church welcomed.'ithe smart swagger stylesI;Special $2.99ai amiT5This is another extra good value inMen's classy Footwear in Oxfordsax.cl Shoes. All the latest high toesand heels are represented. Theleathers are Patent, Tan and GunMetal, Button and Lace.Paris, KentuckySIGNLafayette Perishes in Fire.The great Lafayette, magician,who, it will be remembered, was anattraction at the Paris Grand in thiscity several years ago, lost his life ina fire which destroyed the Empire Palace Theatre in Edinburg Sunday afternoon. There was a remarkable display of public interest and the funeralprocession passed through three milesof crowded streets of that city. Lafayette's enormous automobile, inwhich lode one of his favorite dogs,followed the hearse.Accused Lincoln.In delivering the annual oration atthe reunion of the Confederate Veterans at Little Rock, Ark., the Rev. Dr.R C. Cave, of St. Louis, accusedAbraham Lincoln and his advisers ofthe responsibility of the Civil War.Justice Harlan Dissents.Justice John M. Harlan, the oldestmen'ber of the Supreme Court of theUnited States in oissenting to theopinion of the other judges of the Supieme Court in the Standard Oil caseoppobed without qualification the action of the court in declaring that "restraint of trade" must be "unreasonable" tj come within the meaning ofLho anti-trust law. He declared thatcases already decided by the courthad determinfd for all time the. words"undue" or "unreasonable" or similar words as applied to violations werenot found in the statute and that thecouit in so declaring was legislatingand not interpreting the law.tf8 lltfafPattuw'm i BwEbBmBsBh !-?i7( BTBTBTBrBBTftnBwiiWorse ThanAn Aching Toothis a crying corn that murdersyou at every step you canhave the tooth pulled, but youcan't have the foot extracted.The Corndodger Last is madefor the man who is much onhis feet does not fret cornsor make corns. The bestshoe and the most comfortable shoe that is made.Our Stetson line includes extremelysnappy youngmen's styles aswell. It will pay to'get acquainted.Mitchell & Blakemore"Stetsons cost more by the pair,but less by the year.", .: 3Bww(0)(0)ilJUfeAWfetw b ETA- k 7tjm. a. .hm. ikbbi ..bb bbbb .bbbbw. inbbbw mw bbbbw bbb. a bbbbw bbbsbbb .BkFThe New Better Value StoreE. Ml, Wheeler Furniture Co.Corner 8th and Main, "Robneel" BuildingBOTH TELEPHONESIn Bad Fix."I had a mishap at the age of 41, which left me in badfix," writes Mrs. Georgia Usher, of Conyers, Ga."I was unconscious for three days, and after that Iwould have fainting spells, dizziness, nervousness, sickheadache, heart palpitation and many strange feelings."I suffered greatly with ailments due to the change oflife and had 3 doctors, but they did no good, so I concludedto try Cardui.Since taking Cardui, I am .so much better and can doall my housework."Mf CARDUIJ 41,Thel Woman's TosicDo not allow yourself to get into a bad fix. You mightget in so bad you would find it hard to get cutBetter take Cardui while there is time, while you arestill in moderately good health, just to conserve your strengthand keep you in tip top condition.In this way your troubles, whatever they are, will gradually grow smaller instead of larger you will be on theup-grade instead of the down and by and bye you willarrive at the north pole of perfect health.Get a bottle at your druggists today.Tamil .Tar iJUCOVuJt-.-.Excursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, May 21, '11.Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:30 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th rft.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onspecial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A. veveifStudiedUPFllTUPeHave seen styles come and gohave ssen fads flourish for aday, and scientific designs lastfor years.Naturally we've learned somethings.Learned where to go to get thebast of everything that we sell.Learned who combines originalityof design and long-lastingqualities in all sorts of Furniture.This experience is good for YOU.MAKE USE OF IT.FOR RENT.rTwo cottages on Second street. Apply toMRS. DUKE BOWLES.9 3t 623 Main StreetBloodineCarasE. A. Cross. 5x6 GlasgowStreet. Portsmouth, Va.Rheumatism Has used Bloodine for' Rheumatism with the mostgratifying: results, after many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds It givesher strength and a good appetite. I have used itmyself and find It has done me a lot of good.'VW. T. Brooks, Agent.. WE BOfforsesboeing,Plain and Special.Sharpen Lawn Mowers,Make the Best Blue Grass KnifeSold.Put new blades on Old Blue GrassKnives.Grind Anything.Repair Gasoline Engines, Auto-i mobiles, Pumps and any kind ofmachine that need repairing.Sanj'l Kerslake & Son.$$$$$(0)D