vNEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARftVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1911.THEBOURBONL:wwwasIft2&tsAlSA4&Yvf2zm1IJWIPMMSeml-W66Klu snecials SAt TheDcp't Store,Thursday, Aug. 10,75c Sheets at haif -price, 37 1-2ceach, 2 Sheets to a customer.Sale from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.Watch Window Display For Specials.NOTE-New Tall Suits, Skirtsand Mast jusQ: arrived cmmfcrxSi'g'S'S'S'SJi BEST GROCERIESSA.1)Cost Least At The Robneel16 pounds Standard Granulated Sugar $1.00Lard, 50-lb tins, 10c lb; any quantity 11White Bacon, per pound 10Sliced Ham, per pound 25Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10Lenox Soap, 17 bars 50Blueing, 2 boxes . 05Best Gun Powder Tea, per pound 75Good Quality Gun Powder Tea, per pound.. .50Full Quart Can Karo Syrup 10Brooms, 5-Tie v S tlFive Gallons Best Oil ,45BLUE RIBBONThe Flour of QualityBlus Eibbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack .60Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.20Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.40T. C. LENIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,ywwwwWwBourbon County Crop ConditionsPortions of Bourbon county werevisited by copious showers Tuesdayand Friday relieving th drought situation and making brighter the cropprospects. From Elemendorf to within one mile of South Paris the rainwas heavy while on Tuesday a heavydownpour struck the southwest ofPari?.Friday the northern end of the county was drenched but at Noth Middletown and east of that point the sky remained cloudless and the soil is dry.There will be more corn producedthan the discouragement of the situation indicated several days ago andwith the rains has come a marked improvement in business channels.Farmers are more hopeful as therain means not only better corn andtobacco but better grass, clover andgarden products.A more cheerful tone prevails andconfidence is being rapidly restored.Harness.Everything in harness.28 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.WE KNOW HOW39. !Pellagra Not Caused by Food.That pellagra, which has mpde itsappearance at the asylums for the Jinsane in this state Joes not come fromthe food which is served at the institutions is the opinion of State officialsand members of the State Board ofHealth who discussed tho question atFrankfoit Friday.Melons on Ice.We ha e on ice at all times freoh,sweet, watermelons.4 2t J. E. CRAVEN.Shay Penman Electrocuted.Shay Penman.'convicted of rape inLincoln county, was electrocuted inthe penitentiary at Eddyville Fridaymorning. He was dead in thirtyseconds.Ewing Fair." The News acknowledges receipt of acomplimentary ticket to the Ewingfair, which is to be held in that cityAugust 17-19, inclusive. This fair,one of the oldest in the State, is oneof the best and the large, and attractive premiums this year will attract anumber of exhibitors from all parts ofthe State. Another attractive featureof this fair ia the excellent races,which are participated iu by horsementhroughout this section.Parks Hill Chautauqua Begins.The thirty-first annual meeting ofthe Parks Hill Chautauqua and campmeeting opened yesterday. Elder E.E. Violett, the evangelist will lecturetoday and Saturday and will preacrjLonSunday. Several hundred campers areattending the meeting.NEW PRICES.Look in Winters' windowfor new prices on ThermosBottles.fSTRAW HATS ATHALF PRICE-? -.vvWe are selling our entire line of Straw Hats andPanamas at half-price. Plain Straws, Rough Straw?and Sennets in Low Crowns, Broad Brim, MediumCrowns and High Crowns, all Shapes and Styles.Come in and buy a hat that will keep your headcool during this hot month, and it will costyou butvery little.t?Look For The New StoreMitchell & Blakemore,sIOutfitters to MenParis, Kentucky?1JZiJmJm'iJTm'w; 'S'S'Si TO-V.-A - j -2vrti rativrYHtvrifci- iiyr.'i. . ;:if ycv. .wi' .v... !:. .-;it..hJ ' rvx a jT-v-'iyiTTV'iM7BiJ;tytfiJ-.v tef-'J -f.t??r.Ti?Ti"5K;?rtrif'Ttirii t.x. iioiff.oisi.-3ro.ir5?rcsiir?yvK'i..c2 I, v'i i : r iii.vi ..1 -iLid -!. viiiit-'. ,i.ii.4,.ji.i-(t.'iiijii,iit .'.'..iifi 3isi.3Lzii.ztmz,?,VJf,f5'VKTT--?CT7V'mM. . m m m M flHB M a. b. am m $Zr'STRAW HATS 1-2 OFFREGULAR PRICEPANAMA HATS25 Per Cent Offillmmi.ONE LOT BOYS' 50e GUPS III 10c 1-7TWmCol. Keller Unopposed.That Col. Green R. Keller, editor ofthe Carlisle Mercury and Democraticnomine for Representative from Nicolas and Robertson counties, will haveno opposition this fall is now thoughtto be assured. It is said that the Republicans have decided to make nonomination inasmuch as the district isheavily Democratic and there would beno chance whatever for success.Excursions to Parks Hill.Owing to the fact that the L. & N.willl put into service all the availableequipment in the excursions to ParKsHill, there will be no excursions toCincinnati or Natural Bridge nextSunday. Trains to camp grounds willleave Paris at 8 :30 and 9 o'cluck a. m.and at 1 and 5 :45 p. m. Returningtrains will leave camp grounds at 4 :15and 9 :4o p. m.Immense Stock ol Wall Paper.to selectBargainsBig variety of wall paperfrom, and it must be sold,for ycu.J. T. HINTON.Notice to Democrats.In compliance with a resolutionadopted by the Democratic State Executive Committee, the Democrats ofBourbon county will assemble in massconvention at the court house in Paris,Ky., on Saturday, August 12, 1911, attwo o'clock p. m., standard time, toselect delegates to represent them in adelegate cunvention to meet in Louisville, Ky., on August 15, 1911, for thepurpose of framing a DemocraticState platform.- v(Signed) C. C. CLAKKE,Chairman Bourbon County DemocraticCommittee.$3.50 quart Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.LHsiini iiiuuiiif laiuxiiii MLiiiiiu i linn iiiiu ii ii tn in nun imiiij ii i ii ii iiii ii n ii n iiiiii iiiiuiiuMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiirii j lFRANK & CO.mv5F3 is&.3sThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.REDUCED PRICES ONALL SUMMER GOODSNow Showing New Styles inLA WINSWhite Grounds, Black Figures and Stripes, SpeciallyPriced at 10 and 12 l-2c a yardNew Fall Styles in Dress Ginghamsat 10 and 12 l-2c yardSUMMER SLIPPERSWe have ust received several of the very newest stylesin slippers in Beaded Kid, Dull Calf and Suede at1.95, $2.95 and 3.95 a pairPrice & Co.,Clothiers.&we-x-;mmWM$mButchers, Bakers and Dairymen.Butchers cover your products immediately after dressing them withsuch material as will keep out flies.The poople here are entitled to cleanmeat and it is the Health Board's dutyto see that they get it, if it is withinits power.Bakers, again this board tells you tuclean up your premises and keep themclean. It will not tolerate filth; notewell.Dairymen, watch how you conductyour business; the eyes of the law areupon you..- A. H. KELLER,City Health Officer.mjRemnants of Dress Goods, Silks, Wash Goods,Calicoes, Etc, all at Big Reductionsjitrt&S5rrank & Lo.Paris, - - Kentucky',??3.4JUt?,:423.?4:44.iu:fiin!iiiiiuii iTiiiMiinnKiniiininiiiiMuiiiMiiiiiiiiiuiii) iiiiiiiniiiiinJiiJJiLXiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiniiiiiiMiiiiriruuiiu:'&3!$$THE BOURBON NEWS,THE BOURBON NEWSFads for Weak WomenNine-tenths of nil the sickness of women is due to some deraagemeat or disease of the organs distinctly feminine. Such sickness caa be cured is curedevery cay by , """Di Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionIt Makes Weak Women Strong,Sick Women Well.It acts directly on the organs affected and is at the same timea general restorative tonic for the whole system. It cures female complaint right in the privacyof home. It makes unnecessary the disagreeable questioning, examinations andlocal treatment so universally insisted upon by doctors, and so abhorrent toBdTH 'PHONES, 124. NO. '320 MAIN STKKET.SWIFT CHAMP. - '- Editor and Ow 'er,TEntered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-claas Mail Matter.. .Established in 1 88 J z9 Years of Continuous Publicationevery modest woman.We shall not particularize here as to the symptoms ofthose peculiar affections incident to women, but thosewanting full information as to their symptoms andmeans of positive cure are referred to the People's Common Sense Medical Adviser 1C08 pages, newly revisedand up-to-date Edition, sent free on receipt of 21 onecent stamps to cover cost of mailing only; or, in clothbinding for 31 stamps.Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Display advertisements, 51.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.They last a lifetime. They're Fireproof StormproofInexpensive Suitable for all kinds of buildings. Forfurther detailed information apply toMILLER & BEST, Millersburg, Kentucky.ONE YEAR, - - - $L.OO SIX MONTHS.Payable in Advance$1.00vw THHpP1ZrSWFZr&m cwIwwBEr" "" iments from all others, while prices arereasonable. Why, then, consider commonplace designs or out-of-dateproductions? Our stock of nev and attractive Monuments,Markers, etc., larger than that of all other firms in Central Kentucky combined.Fine Lettering by Pneumatic Tools Our Specialty.&ONZ BETTER. NONE CHEAPERWm. Jldams Son,142 N. Broadway, Lexington, Ky. Both Phones.WORKING IN THEs&&&&'(&!&LOWEY &5$5tilsj Bourbon6j Vi .C-1 "1 rrTT 7T . r Yi&j&Z ($&& 4Fv ?"" ?vvft vV A iVTs .dL&tDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice. SjffI I FatoassifaBourbonParis,Kentucky.fcte"i''fCan Live Long Without Food.An eagle can live 28 days withoutlood.WHAT CURES ECZEMA?W have had so many inquirieslately regarding Eczema and otherskin diseases, that we are glad tomake our answer public. After careiul investigation we have found thata simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen,as compounded in D. D. D., can be relied upon. We would not make thisstatement to our patrons, friends andneighbors unless we were sure of itand although there are many so-calledBczema remedies sold, we ourselvesunhesitatingly recommend D. D. D.Prescription.Because We know that it gives instant relief to that torturing Itch..Because D. D. D. starts the cure atth foundation of the trouble.Because It cleanses, soothes andheals the skin.Because It enables Nature to repairth ravages of the disease.Because The records of ten yearsof complete cures of thousands of themost serious cases show that D. D. D.is today Tecognized as the absolutelyreliable Eczema cure.Drop into our store today, just totalk over .your case with us. ,G. S. Varden & Son.OR.G5NALITYand SUPERIORITYIn Workmanship are DisplayedIn Our Work.An individuality distinguishes our 3onu-GARDENis a real pleasure if you havethe right tools. We have acomplete line of the best garden implements in the world:They are made for real serviceand to make work easy. Comeand get arn'outfit. It will helpyou make a better garden withless labor than you ever did before. TALBOTTLaundry!A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Term. 'Phone 716.1 LIQUID CURES ECZEMA IWHERE SALVE FAILSIn regard to skin diseases medicalauthorities are now agreed on this:Dont imprison the disease germs inyour skin by the use of greasy salves,and thus encourage them to multirly.A true cure of all eczematous diseasescan be brought about only by using thehealing agents in the form of a liquid.WASH THE GERMS OUT. Asimple wash: A compound of Oil ofWintergreen, Thymol, and other ingredients as combined in the D. D. D.Prescription, penetrates to the diseasegerms and destroys it, then soothesand heals the skin as nothing elsehas ever done.A 25-cent trial bottle will start thacure, and give you instant relief. .G. S. Varden & Son. "Compromise Bill Passed bySenate.Combined in the same alliance thatresulted in the passage of a compromise woolen tariff bill in the Senatelast week, the Democrats and Republican insurgents of that body Tuesdaypassed a compromise farmers' free listbill.The original House bill was first defeated and then reoffered in modifiedform by Senator Kern of Indiana. Asamended and finally adopted the billdiffered but little from the original.The Kern compromise takes freshmeat products out of the free list billexcept such as come from countriesthat admit certain Amreican farm products duty free. Tne Senate earlierhad defeated Senator Bailey's amendment, taking all meats out of the freelist bill.The Kern amendment representedthe attempt to reconcile the Democratic interests with the insurgent Republicans who believed some furtherconcessions should be obtained foragricutlural products.Paynter, of Kentucky, voted for thpfree list, Bradley voted against it."Like Mother Used to Make."A loaf of bread that almost equalsthe unleavened bread of Biblical timsis being exhibited by James Webster,one of Scott county's well knownfarmers.The loaf has been sacredly kept byhis grandmother, Mrs. Debby Eabs,for the past twenty years, in accordance with a promise made by her toher daughter-in-law, Mrs. MaggieEabs that she would keep it during theremainder of her life. The bread wasbrought by the younger Woman in alunch basket from Kansas City in1888.Vardaman May Go to Senate.Former Governor James K. Vardaman probably will be the next UnitedStates Senator from Mississippi. Returns show he is leading SenatorLeroy Percy and G. R. Alexander at aratio of about 64 per cent.In the more remote rural districts itis reasonably predicted that the ratiowill be so far increased as to giveVardaman a small majority over bothhis opponents.Drought Did Much Damage.2 The rains of the latter parts of JJulyseem to have been sufficient in almostall parts of the country to have done agreat deal of good to the growingcops, says the Cincinnati Enquirer.The drought was long and severe, andmurh damage resulted from the dryweather and hot winds. Some of thecrops cannot fully recover, but practicallly all will be saved from total failure. There can be no doubt that growinggrain, vegetables and fruit were at acritical stage, and the rains came inthe nick of time. They did untold goodeverywhere, despite the damage insome sections dine by the severestorms by which the drought was broken. The Enquirer, in order to be able topresent to its readers thp conditionand prospects of the staple crops sincethe breaking of the drought, has secured from many of its correspondentsin many of the most important cropstates the latest summaries made bystate boards as of August 1 or the lastweek of July. On the whole these aremost encouraging.The one bright spot is the cottonbelt, which was not so seriously affected by the dry weather. The assurances from tnose states are of a record breaking yield. The latest rainsnave placed the crop out of all danger. Corn will yet make a big crop, owing to the great increase of acreagethis year over 1910. Oklahoma sendsthe worst report as to corn, and Illinois and Kentucky report great damage. Other states promise a goodyield.Winter wheat was out of dangerwhen the drought set in and springwheat, which sustained considerabledamage, seems now on the way tomaket he record yield indicated twomonths ago.Oats aad hay are very short crops inmost states.Tobacco will be many hundreds ofmillions of pounds short. Some of thetobacco states will hnve heavy yields,but the crop will be short in the burley and dark belts and Kentucky willharvest scarcely half a crop.Potatoes are reported a short crop inmany states, but other states, notablyColorado, will have record yields. Allother vegetables suffered from thedrought.Fruit growers will not harvest theenormous crops indicated early in theseason, but will realise quite as goodreturns on the whole because of thpsharp advance of prices. Apples inmost states w ill not be over half acrop, the long ory spell causing muchof tne fruit to fall. The bst prospects are 'reported from Michigan.Missouri, Montana, Pennsylvania,.Vermont and Wisconsin.DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKET.For United States SenatorOLLIE M. JAMESof CrittendenFor Governorjames b. Mccrearyof MadisonFor Lieutenant GovernorE. J. McDERMOTTof JeffersonFor State TreasurerTHOMAS G. RHEA "of LoganFor AuditorHENRY BOS WORTHof FayetteFor Attorney GeneralJAMES GARNETTof AdairFor Secretary of StateC. F. CRECELIU3of PendletonFor Supt. Public InstructionBARKSDALE HAM LETTof ChristianFor Commissioner of AgricultureJ. W.NEWMANof WoodfordFor Clerk of Court of AppealsR. L. GREENEof FranklinFor RepresentativeS. G. CLAY$100 Reward, $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing- a constitutional disease requiresa constitutional treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cure is taken internally,acting directly uron the blood andmucous surfaces of the system, thereby destroying the loundation of thedisease, and giving the patient strength4by building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so much faithin its curative poweis that they offerOne Hundred Dollars for any casethat it fails to cure. Send for list oftestimonials. AddressF.J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo. O.Sold by druggists "Jc.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.) May Lose ArmWhile engaged in sizing lumber at asawmill on the farm of Burgess Smith,near Sadieville, Scott county, WilliamMiddleton had his shoulder and upperarm so badly lacerated that a bone hadto be removed by Dr. W. H. Coffman,and there remains some probabilitythat 'the arm will yet have to beamputated.Injunction Checks Tobacco Trust iThe United States Circuit Court,under whose direction the AmericanTobacco Company will work out itsdissolution, has handed down, on themandate of the Fedpral SupremeCourt, an order outlining conditionsunder which the company may perfectplans for dissolving. A clause in theorder enjoins the defendants from doing any act which may furthar enlargeand extend the power of the combination prior to its disintegratingThe cder was handed down byJudges LaCombe, Ward and Noyes,following a conference held with Attorney General Wickersham, UniiedStates District Attorney Wise, counselfor the American Tobacco Companj,the British American Tobacco Company andthe United Cigar Stores Company. The conferene was held behind closed doors, which did not, however, shutout the sound ofjvoices raised to n aunusual pitch from time to time. Itlasted two hours and at its conclusionthe three Judges spent another twohours in drafting the decree.UiW3ffV'SBKSSjSBtis taken by people in tropical countries all the yearround. It stops wasting andkeeps up the strength andvitality in summer as wellas winter.ALL DRUGGISTSGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.1STWere you dissatisfied with yourlast coal. TryBest the earth produces'and every lump guaranteed.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.eS&&ZZQ2&s&53$22East Tenn.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both localLONG DISTANCE, usebon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletown, Little RockRuddles Mills."When you have EastHAVE telephone service.The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedi:iin nmiiCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure'Botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches ;blood thin or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; -hif ting pains; bad breath;lumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm S. B. B.) which will removeever sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all othemedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure.S .iudo :m free by writing Blood..:i d. Atlanta, Ga. Describev:it crcuu'e nd free medical advicegi.-n. ci:l by Varden & Son.Falls Victim to Thieves.S. W. Bends, of Coal City, Ala.,hasa justifiable grievance. Two thievesstole his health for twelve years. Theywere a liver and kidney trouble.ThenDr. King's New Life Pills throttledthem. He's well now. Unrivaled fo.constipation, malaria, headache, dyspepsia. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Scarcity ol Doves.The dove season opened Tuesdayand local' sportsmen were out innumbers to enjoy the sport. Theyreport a scarcity of the birds in tnMmTelephone Co.andthe East Tennessee. BouranTennesseeservice youExcursion!Paris, Ky.,toCincinnati, O.,And ReturnVIASunday, Aug. 13, '11Fare $1.50 Round Trip.Special train leaves Paris 7:50 a. m.,returning leaves Cincinnati 4th St.station 7 p. m.Excursion tickets good only onsppcial train in both directions.For further information apply toW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or D. S. JORDAN. T. A.A Sure Cure for PilesMr. F. S. Randall ol No. 30 East Maia St,Leroy. N. Y., writes that Bloodine Chatmeat fauproven efficacioas in a stubborn case of Piles andRectal Fissures where everything else has failed.Bloodine Ointment is sold on a positive guaraatMto care Piles or money back.is the most healing salTein the world. It willinvciv cure cuts, Durns, old sores, eczema, uttsf,alt rhenm and all skin diseases.Found at Lastfor Eczema. Mrs. Charles Blanchard ofPhiladelphia, Pa , writes that she had suffered formany years with this terrible disease and had triedremedy after remedy for it, but could not find acure, until she was advised to try Bloodine Oiatment, and to her great surprise one box healed opnearly all of the old sores, and the zecoadboxcompletely cured her. 50c. a box by mail.Bbedine Liver Pilk cure Constipation. 35c xbox.Vfi county this season.W. T. Brooks, Agent,v'.n'aMJfe$-" rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 8, 1911,iMMUWduaUMMvi1imfimrnnroitiKsJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGoodCheapWorkS-WorkTRE JQB R0OfflS OFTHEf fc BHRBNAre prepaired toPrinting on shortl -BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingJust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.f 74UUtiiUUUiiUUitZBone Cheap;one flood! rSN,do the best ofnotice such asDOG SAVES A FOUR-YEAR-OLDFaithful Canine Leads Searchers tQuicksand Where Littic Boy WasSlowly Meeting Death.New Haven, Conn. Buried in quickBand, which had slowly crept to hischin and was close to his mouth andnostrils, Chester Swertsenger, fouryears old, whose disappearance upsetthe town of Orange and for whom theentire populace hunted for a wholeday and night, was found by Nit, thedog owned by A. S. Crosby.The swamp where the boy wasfound is about half a mile in the rearof his father's house, and it had beenthoroughly searched several times before the child was discovered by thedog.Augustus Swertsenger, the father,said he remembered passing severaltimes during the night within five feetof the spot where the boy was found,but the rays of his lantern were toofeeble to throw little Chester's headinto relief against the deep shadowsof the swamp.When finally extricated from thequicksand the boy was too weak evento cry, and nothing could be learnedfrom him as to how he got there. His, limbs and body were covered withores. and he had lost all his clothing.The sores and loss of clothing indicate the boy crawled over roughgroundChester and his father started tovisit a neighbor nearby. Chester following his father The father suddenly looked back, but the child wasnot to be seen. The elder Swertsenger supposed Chester had gone home,and thought nothing of the incidentuntil he returned and found his sonwas not there.The distracted father then hastilygathered together a searching party ofabout fifty residents of the town ofOrange and the woods and swamps inthe neighborhood from Woodmont towhat is known as the "halfway house"in Orange were searched.NITROGLYCERIN FOR A PESTReputed Truthful Correspondent ofAllentown, Pa., Tells How Caterpillars Are Exterminated.Reading, Pa. A local newspaperprints the following from its Allentown correspondent, whose reputationfor truth and accuracy is first class:"Elihu Batdorf, a quarryman, living near Breinigsville, claims to havesolved the caterpillar question. Theother day he happened to spill asmall quantity of nitroglycerin oversome bushes. Shortly afterward h eheard a series of sharp explosionscoming from that direction. Upongoing to investigate he found that thecaterpillars were devouring the explosive, that they would scarcelymore than taste it than they woulddrop to the ground and blow up witha loud report."Being an ingenious man, Mr. Batdorf immediately saw great possibilities in this great accidental discovery and began to experiment. Hereasoned that pure nitroglycerinwould be rather expensive for thedestruction of caterpillars, but found,after several trials, that an ounceof the explosive mixed with aboutfour gallons of water would answerperfectly."Spraying a tree with this mixture,which costs only a few cents, rids itof caterpillars in a few minutes. Before the spraying io completed thecaterpillars begin to drop and explode, and in a minute or two there Isa continuous fusillade, sounding likevolleys of miniature musketry."It is found, too, that the shockof the explosions effectually destroysall of the other pests on the tree. Mr.Batdorf has applied for a patent, andis organizing a company to exploit hisdiscovery."HOW TO BE HAPPY IN BOSTONEat Beans, Read Er.'.erson, Be of Purltan Ancestry, Wear Glasses andBe Fond of Tombstones.Cambridge, Mass. How to be happy, though living in Boston or its euburbs. is exemplified by a writer in thChristian Register, a Unitarian weekly. The things one must have, mustdo and muft be are listed below Inpart:"Eat beans Saturday night and flabballs Sunday morning.""Select the Puritans for your ancestors." "Have a sheltered youth and be ftgraduate of Harvard.""Read Emerson.""Have a profession or literary calling." "Speak low.""Be a conservative in politics aad aliberal In religion.""Drop your Vs""Be fond of the antique.""Wear glasses and be fond of tombstones." "Carry your parcels in green bag.""Be a D. A. R., a Colonial Dame ora S. A. R. or belong to the MayflowerSociety.""Be neighborly to the unmarried.""Shudder at the west, but go toEurope frequently."Breaks Jaw by Yawning.Brockton, Mass. When HenryBrown awoke he yawned, tried toclose his mouth and could not. Hehad fractured his jaw.With his mouth wide open hewalked more than a mile to a physician's office and had the fracture reduced. As Brown was' leaving theoffice his jaws unlocked again.Finally he was placed under etherand th jaw permanently fixed.TRIP IKES CAT ILLMascot of DuBuque Can't StandFresh Water Waves.Work of Repairing War Vessel BeHastened to Shorten Misery ofFamous Feline Was onBattleship Oregon.Chicago. "Blue" arrived in Chicago late the other night. Blue isjust a cat. He never won a ribbonat a cat show, yet he is one of themost famous felines in the worldAny one who has been in the American navy since Spanish ships furnished targets for Dewey at Manilabay knows what a prize Blue is. Infact, superstitious tart, attribute American success in that episode largelyto Blue.This famous cat was brought toChicago aboard the United Statesgunboat Dubuque. The Dubuque willrelieve the Nashville as a trainingship for the naval reserves. TheNashville is to be overhauled beforethe crew of the Dubucuie takes charge.The work is to be done faster thanany similar amour. i ot labor was everperformed in the An.erican "iavy.Why?Because Blue is sick. This is thefirst time in his long, life that he hasbeen on fresh water The changedmotion is too much for him. Sailorson the Dubuque would be everlastingly disgraced if Blue gave up his ninthlife on fresh water. Work that ordinarily would take a month will be accomplished in three weeks.Blue was- mascot on the Marietta,pilot ship for the battleship Oregonin its famous trip around the Hornin 1898. Later Blue was transferredto the Oregon because he was a goodomen. The men of the Dubuque obtained him from the battleshipGeorgia. He is 15 years old."Bill" is the regular mascot of theDub "" He is a snail black gontand coaies from Little Corn island, oft'the ccp.t of Nicaragua He was picked up Ilsi summer when the Dubuquewas wtroiling the Nicaraguan coastduring the last revolution. Bill weighsless thin 20 pounds He knows everybugle call on the ship. Two weeksago he hurt a leg in jumping Thmen took him to the surgeon whenthe sirk call blew. Now he coes ati the regu'rr time of his own accordThe Dubuque is the first regularlymanned vessel of war to paps otithrough the Canadian docks since thewar of 1812 Only after three monthsof conespondence with the Canadiangovernment was the ship allowed topass, and then only after the guns hadbeen unmounted The ship made thetrip from Porthmouth, N H., in indays " It is officered by Capt. K. C.B. Morgan. Lieut. E P Finney. Lieut.P. M Robinson, Ensign W B Cothran, Midshipman C. A. Lucas, .Midships: n D .1 F Friedell, AssistantSurgeon C. W. Smith and AssistantPaymaster W. R. Van Buren.in the contrast to the Nashvillewith its war color the Dubuque ispainted white and moored off the footof Monroe street, looks like a largeyacht. Its displacement is about 150tons less than that of the Nashville.APPENDICITIS ALWAYS A FOEViennese Surgeon Says Mortality IsDecreasing Among Adults MostSericus in Children.London. Dr. Hans Salzer, a Viennesse specialist, has just delivered alecture on appendicitis before theVienna Medical society. Dr. Salzerdoes not think that appendicitis willever be entirely eliminated, althoughowing to skilful treatment mortalityfrom it has already been reduced toabout 3 per cent, in the case of adults.Appendicitis in children much oftenerends fatally, the mortality here ranging from 15 to 30 per cent.The faculty, said Dr. Salzer, Ismaking very strenuous efforts to combat this death rate. He scouted theidea that in the care of children theveriform appendix being an undeveloped organ is larger in proportion tothe length of the caecum than in thecase of adults and is therefore moresubjected to inflammation. He alsodenies that appendicitis is more difficult to diagnose in children unlessthey are of very tender age, say under two.Dr. Salzer does not believe that appendicitis in children is of a moreserious nature than in the case ofadults. The high mortality, he contends, is due to the fact that children are brought to the consultingroom at too advanced a stage of thedisease and so are operated upon toolate.The symptoms In children, It Istrue, are so varied that they are noteasily recognizable by parents, but,said the lecturer, they should bepatent to any practiced physician. Dr.Salzer is strongly of opinion that thelay public should familiarize itselfmore with the early symptoms so thatprompt action may be taken.Chinese Empress' Wealth.Seattle, Wash. According to Chinese papers received here it is creditahly reported in Pekin that the fortune accumulated by the late EmpressDowager Tze Hei, which amounts' tobetween $25,000,000 and $30,000,000chiefly in gold bars, has been, shippedto England, whence it will be transferred to a bank fn Brussels for investment. Since the death of theempress dowager the treasure hasr b&B stored in the palace under military guard.Not a Society Item.Husband (reading the paper) "I geethat Prince Harold Is daad." Wife (anAnglomania, inexpressibly shocked)"Is it possible? It seems too sad for.anything. What was the cause of his:death?" Husband "He trotted a milein 2:26, and then died of blind staggers."Confession From England.The London Lancet says in horrorand disgust: "The present legislativemachinery, if it cannot stop the abuseof preservatives, should obviously bescrapped and new works ir' ailed.'This must be a painful concessionagainst Britain's unfailing boast ofhonesty.Almost Incredible Ane.Ninea Turataviloff, a peasant woman at Telev, in the Caucasus, is probably the oldest person in the worldRecently she celebrated her one hundred and sixty-fifth birthday. Thoughshe is now quite incapable of using herlimbs, she is still in posssession of hermental faculties.Formed Strange Attach rent.At an hotelrj' at Belvec'cr in Kent.England, a strange friends!: has gradually grown between a sp,".! '. a terrier, a black kitten, and a biu.Tn cock,all of which sleep together cuu nighti the same kennel and are goodchums throughout the day.Grandfather at Thirty-five.V. H. Bryson of Spenger, it is believed, holds the record as the youngest grandfather in 'the state, his agebeing only thirty-five years. He wasmarried when fourteen years of age,his wife being only thirteen. His oldest son was married at the age ofseventeen and at the age of eighteenpresented to the elder Bryson a grandson. Watkins Chronicle.Vanity of Roman Emperor.The Emperor Augustus robbed February of a day, and put it on to August, so that the month named afterhim should not be lacking in dignity.Too Often the Truth.One of Abe Martin's sayings: "Uncle Henry Moon, aged ninety, droppeddead today after splittin' six cords o'j wood. His body wuz found by his' four sons who were returning from abilliard tournament"Practical Christianity.The story is told of a little housemaid; far over the sea, who, when asked whether she realized that she wasin any way different after unitingwith the church, from what she hadbeen before, thought for an instant,and then, smiling brightly, said: "WellI sweep the corners." She couldhardly have given a better demonstration of her religious life. Christion Herald.ALL MY PIMPLES GONEGirl Tells How a Blotchy Skin WasCleansed By a Simple Wash."I was ashamed of my face," writesMiss Minnie Pickard of Altamahaw,N. C. "It was all full of pimples andscars, but after using D. D. D. Prescription I can say that now there Isno sign of that Eczema, and that wasthree years ago."D. D. D. has become so famous asa cure and instant relief in Eczemaand all other serious skin diseases,that its value is sometimes overlookedIn clearing up rash, pimples, blackheads, and all other minor forms ofskin impurities.The fact is, that while D. D. D. isso penetrating that it strikes to thevery root of Eczema or any other serious trouble, the soothing Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other Ingredientsare so carefully compounded there Isno wash for the skin made that cancompare with this great householdremedy for every kind of skin trouble.D. D. D. is pleasant to use, perfectlyharmless to the most delicate skin,and absolutely reliable. A 25-centbottle will give you positive proof ofthe wonderful effectiveness of thisgreat remedy.G. S. Varden & Son.GOT0BBH!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aR AMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayOI DOlies, .sans ainuiuuii. uiLeii causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debilitv. idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B. B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because ib rids tl)e system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same timo Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just where it is needed, andtnteis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all it3 forms,Druggists or by exsress, $1 per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.ifBfflJOLL CMATTRACTIONS OF PASS WILL CONiTRAST WITH MORE SERIOUSEXHIBITS.MUSIC BY ELEPHANT BANDFree Attractions More Numerous Than.Ever Before Furnished RacingEvents Are Corkers.Variety not only is the spice of lifebut experience has proven that it isone of the requisites of success for as 'big undertaking of a public charactersuch as a state fair. In recognition ofsthis fact the management of the Kentucky State Fair has made plans for"the ninth annual exhibition v.'hlc&tpromise entertainment for all classesand sections. While the more seriousform of entertainment comes first, especially in connection with an educa-tional institution such as the Kentucky State Fair is proving to be, thedemand always is great for something;in a lighter vein which will help drive1dull care away and furnish a kind ormental dessert for the feast of good,things which the new premium listdiscloses.It was the recognition of this ele- ,ment in human nature vhich eaused?the side show at the county fair to beborn. The idea progressed until thegreat international exhibitions at Chicago and St. Louis were produced. Itwas at the former that the Midway?"became a reality and at the latter thatthe Pass was introduced. Both strucka popular chord and thus it is that the .different state fairs are net considered complete without some such feature. Both Novel and Clean.But, together with the adoption of?the Pass ' feature has come -'the recog- ,nition of the further fact that the general public will not long approve itunless it is encompassed by moralsurroundings and not prove offensiveto the crowds which attend. The contracts made for the myriad Pass features for the coming fair included!stipulations to the effect that theshows must be clean, while retainingthe virtue of being novel. This contdition will be complied with. Not"only will the shows be novel but they"vill be new. The old time, muchworked over exhibitions will not becountenanced. On the Pass, as welPas everywhere else, the public will beexpected to be given their money's-,worth and failure on the part of showmen to do this will meet with instantrebuke. .As an adjunct to the Pass featureswill be the numerous free acts, allthrilling and exciting. Caterers to-popular amusement assert that thegreat Babcock act in which a bicyclerider dashes down a steep incline,loops the loop and gaps the gap so- "quickly that the spectators can with,difficulty follow him with their eye, is Ione of the most thrilling ever pro-..duced.Music on All Hands. ' J-The musical elephants will be at isource of continuous delight to thechildren as well as their elders The"stunts" which these huge pachydermsperform illustrate what patience andingenuity will accomplish in the trail?.-ing of wild beasts.The Whirling Lunette Sisters furnish still another attraction of morethan ordinary interest. All lovers omusic will enjoy the abundance of it -providedby the state fair management? Three high class bands, morethan have ever before been heard orthe state fair grounds, will render pro ,grams each morning, afternoon and. "night of the fair. Calliendo, the great. "Italian leader naturally .will be most.1in evidence. vFat Purses For the Races.A total of $6,600 in purses will beoffered in connection with the racing: -$events which will exceed in interestany ever before held. Kentucky is today the center of racing as a result wof the fight made on the sport in nu- y'merous states and the stand early taken by the legislature in passing lawsfor the control of racing which putsit on a high plane. There will betwelve races in all during the week,,seven trotting and five pacing eventsDue to the fact that the head-on collision is scheduled for Saturday afternoon of fair week it will mean that on.the first five days of the fair the public will get more than its usual share? -ofraces. On Monday there will be?-two, and on Wednesday and Thursday there will be three races eactuENTICING STAKES OFFEREDFOR FIVE GAITED SADDLERSCOL. M. C. RANKIN READY WITHVGENEROUS PURSE IN THIS -CONNECTION.Col. M. C Rankin, commissioner o ',agriculture, has come to bat this yearwith a guarantee of $500 in cash as-"The Commissioner of AgricultureStake" for five gaited saddle horses-This special stake of $500 is for gaited:saddle horses, stallions, mares orgeldings,' to be "shown under saddlein accordance with the rules of the-Kentucky State Fair governing this,class. This stake will be divided as. -follows:Forty per cent to the first horse, 25- zper cent to the second, 15 per cent to- -thethird, 10 per cent to the fourth. . "and 10 per cent to the fifth.A conditiou is that all entries 1&registered in the American SaddleHorse Register. The name of the-horse must be filed with the Mere- -taryof the KentusKy State Fair by ,September X,b X;'&&4Ua21iHZ,tmygSliT iB 1T1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 8, 1911-'!iknInDream Superstitions.ting to the superstition a wedtaff 1b a dream is & sign of a funeral,tilth is a sign of death and a deatba wedding.7f aster s SaleOF-0ty Properly.BOURBON CIRCUIT UOURT.Anna Massie, Executrix, &c.On petition.By virtue of a judgment and orderof sale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911,ot the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court will onSatarday, August 26th, MIat the court house door in the city ofParis, Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., oncredits of six and twelve months forequal parts of the purchase money seJlat public auction to the highest andbest bidder the property described inthe judgment and ordered to be sold inthis action, to-wit:The property to be sold consists of3l lot and warehouse thereon in Paris,Ky., adjoining the right of way of theLouisville & Nashville Railroad Company and decsribed as folllows .A certain brick warehouse and lot inParis, Bcutbon Co. Ky., on Main crossstreet in said city and bounded on thefront by said street 103 feet beginningst the corner of the brick warehousesow owned and occupied by BrentHutchcratt at a point marked A on theside towards the Kentucky CentralHailroad and running from said cornerloag said Main cross street the distance aforesaid to a point on thediagram marked B on the KentuckyCentral Railroad; thence along saidrailroad a distance of 140 feet to apoint marked C on the diagram, thewall of said warehouse and the fencebeginning at the end of said warehousebeing on the line; thence from saidcorner of the fence marked C a distance of 30 feet running along the lineof the lot of Kentucky Central passenger dpot to the corner of the housemarked D on tht diagram given herein; thence from said point marked Dat the corner of said house to thepoint marked E which is at the end ofthe brick warehouse of Brent Hutchcraft; said line is along the side of thewarehouse facing said lot and is astraight line from D to E a distance of61 1-2 feet; thence from the pointmarked E at the end of Hutchcraft'swarehouse along the line of said warebouse, the said warehouse cornering tothe line, to the corner thereof markedP on t)ie diagram a d stance of 30 feetand six inches,7 and thence from saidcorner along the said side of saidwarehouse of Hutchcraft to the beginning 95 feet being the same propertyconveyed by Jesse H. Baker and wife,Ann E. Baker, to W. W. Massie hydeed of record in the office of theClerk of the Buurbon County Court.The purchaser will be required toexecute bonds for the purchase mimeywith approved surety beating interestat the rate of six pei cent ! per annumfrom date until paid, having the forceaad effect of judgments, payable tothe undersigned Master Commissioner,or the purchaser may pay cash. Nobid will be accepted for less than$8,000.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Talbot & Whitley, Attorneys.34. F. Kenney, Auctioneer...Cashier Promoted.Mr. A. M. Stanley, who for the nastyear has held the position of cnhierat the local officelfof the EastMTen-fnessee Telephone Co., has been transferred to the office of the company inLexington, where he will take a similar position. While the position towhich Mr. Stanley is transfened isp'racically the same which he heldhere, it is a promotion over his formerposition, owing to the size of the city,and is a deserved compliment to theearnest abilities of this young man.Mr. Stanley came to Paris fromBardstown. The change becomeseffective imediately. The vacancy inthe Paris office will probably be filledby present employes of the localoffice.Court Day.Court day was the dullest on record.Business was stagnated and merchantsreport a slim trade. The crowd wasfar beneath the aveiage for Augustcourt. The scarcity of mules on themarket was not in contrast with thedemand. Only five head were offered,one of Swhich, a mare mule 16hands high, was sold to' Clarke & McClintock for $200 Horses were scarceand only a fnw of the plug typ3 wereoffered. At the stock pens of M. J.Murphy & Co., weie a few sheep, theproperty of Mr. Wm. Mcln.yre, andonly a few head were disposed of. Nocattle were offered.Burglars Fled When GirlScreamed.By keeping up her courage andscieaming, Miss Maud Combs, aged16, of Frankfort, Sunday morningchased from the residence of RobertPolsgrove two burglars who were ransacking trunks. When the burglarsrealize i they had been discovered theythrew a volley of bottles at MissCombs, but their aim was poor.Mis3 Combs was on her waay to theback porch to get a drink of watei andwalked into the room where the burglars were working before she realizedher predicament.BASE BALL.FRIDAY.Paris .. 18 10 643Lexi'g'n 16 12 571Richm'd 14 15 583Paris dropped the game here Fridayafternoon to the Lawmakers by ascore of 4 to 2. Baker, who was onthe mound for the visitors fared badlyin the first inning but his offerings inthe following proved complete puzzlesto the Bourbonites.George proved easy in the firstframe when four hits counted forthree runs. Nicholson hit for threeoases, Hoffman singled and Bohannonbounced one over the left field fence.Paris counted twice in their half ontwo singles and a two bagger. In thesixth Myers hit ovre the right fieldfence for a homer. The score.Frankfort 300Q0100 0-4Paris 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 02Batteries Frankfort, Baker andKunkle; Paris, George and Mayer.Hits Paris 5, Frankfort 12. ErrorsParis 1. Earned runs Frankfort 4,Paris 2. Two base hits Myers, Kuhlman. Three base hits Nicholson,Baker Home runs Bohannon,Myers. Base on balls off Baker 1.Strjck out by Baker 9, by George 8.Left on bases Frankfort 5, Paris 4.Stolen base Scheneberg. Sacrifice hitWiley singled and on Maxwell's errorWoodruff took third and Wiley second.Holder placed one behind 3econd thatlooked good for a base but McKernanM'ysVe 1391&44S Pu,ed lt uumi after a nard run- K WPr'nkf t 1316 448 I Two nits in tne sixth looked dangerWin'ster 1217 414!oua and Dotn were moved up on asac-trince. uannony was nipped at theplate and Wiley rolled to.Kuhlman.Ihe only-run ofSeeback. Time-Kane. Attendance-1:40. Umpire400.Lexington 2, Richmond 1. Winchester 3, Maysville 0.SATURDAY.Paris . . 19 10 655Lexi'g'n 17 12 586Richro 'd 14 16 467M'ysVe 14 16 467Fr'nkf't 13 17 433Win'ster 12 18 400Good Sight o! Meteors NextWeek.W. A. Gunn, the Lexington astronomer, in the Lexington Leadersays:"Every year we have a great manymeteors near the tenth of August andanother lot about the eleventh of November. 3 "The astronomers have concludedthat there is a great stream, of theAugust meteors revolving areund thesun in an eliptical orbit something likethat ot Halley's comet, and that theorhit extends far beyond that of Neptune; and like that comet may takesomething like 75 years to make thecircuit of thir orbit."But these meteors are spreadaround that vat orbit; being thicklyclustered in some parts and thinner inothers. So we sometimes see themmuch more abundant than r.thertimes; but we always see a good manyevery year. And while this lot ofstray bodies move in the same generaldirection or parallel to nach other, tnebelt of them is scattered out so widethat the earth is several days passingthrough them. Any night next weekthe meteors will be probably seen ""Insure with VV. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfLOST DOG.jLioodtne Blood and KidneyTablets cure Kidney and Bladder; Diseases by curing- the cause.The Bloodine Corporation, Boston, Mass.Gcstiemen:-Kindly send me six boxes of Bloodine Blood. mA Kidney Tablets They have helped me more- than any remedy I have ever taken. I am old,raptured and I suffer much from Kidney andBladder Trouble. I have only a few doses leftof-111 sample box you sent me, so kindly sendTablets Drnmntlv.Yours trul'-MHHBi truly. Thomas Taylor. Adams, III.Llewelyn setter pup about 6 weeksold, white with lemon spots on bothears. Any information eladlv revived. Suitable reward for return. EastTennessee phone 717.FRANK HIGGINS,4 3t Paris Ky.With Shears ptiching gilt-edge balland his helpers behind him fielding ina brilliant manner, the Lawmakerssuffered a complete shut-out in thecontest at White Park Saturday afternoon. Shears' offerings were a puzzle tothe visitors and he kept them guessingthroughout the nine sessions. In thefirst seven frames only three menreached the first station and in asmany innings not a man got as far assecond.Besides holding his opponents tafivhits, one of which was a sciatch,Shears fanned ten men. In only oneinstance did the visitors come anyways near getting a man across therubber and that occurred in the, eighthwhen Kunkle hit to right for two basesand when French followed with asingle in the same territory, attempted to make home in a desperate effortto save a shut-out, but was nipped attne plate by Goodman's peifect throwto Mayer.Cornell's slants proved to the likingof the Bcurbonites, and the nine safedrives secured off his delivery resultedin three tallies. Paris, scored one runin ech the first, second and eighth innings. The score:Frankfort 00000000 0-0Paris 110 0 0 0 0 1 x 3Batteries -Frankfort, Cornell andKunkle; Paris, Shears and Mayer.Hits Frankfort 5, Paris 9. ErrorsFrankfort 1. Earned runs Paris 1.Two base hit Kuakle. Base on balls- off Cornell 1. Struck out by Cornell 5, by Shears 10. Left on basesFrankfort 4, Paris 8. Wild pitchCornell. Stolpn bases McKernan.Sacrifice hits Goodman. Time 1:30.Umpire Sinex. Attendance 200.tne game came -inthe eighth. Goodman doubled to rightand George moved him to third on asacrifice. Harrell flied to right and .onthe out Goodman scored.Williams found fault with the decision of Umpire Sinex on the play andwas put out of the game. The score:Maysville 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 00Paris 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 x 1Batteries Paris, George and IV ayer; Maysville, Chase and Holder, flitsParis 3, Maysville 6. Errors Paris3, Maysville 2. Earned runs Paris 1.Two base hits McKernan, Goodman.Base on balls off Chase 1. Struck outby George 4, by Cnase 4. Lett onbases Paris 4. Msvsvillja 1 JAlt hvpitcher Langenham. Stolen base .MuilC ie ,bhelton. bacrince hits Carmony,Williams, Woodruff, Geoige. Sacrificefly-Harrell. Time-1:40. UmpireSinex. Attendance 300.Winchester 4, Richmond 3. Lexington 5, Frankfort 2.Rhode Island's 'state Farm.Rhode Island has a farm on wMefcre located all her state Institutions,Including the state prison, state workhouse and Providence jail. The workhouse prisoners have done much inreclaiming and cultivating land, removing stones, improving the stream.and building -walls.rne London FMthr Market.The London markC for the importstion of plumage for ladies hats is thflargest' in the world and it is estiimated that 5,000 persoas are employein the manufacturing and othe rworkincidental to this trade. The value ofthe imports is said to be $3,500,000 to$4,000,000 a year. Forest and Stream.(The Following Night Letter Has Been Received by. TheBourbon Garage).Galveston,. Texas, 8-3-hLIT. E. HartGo.-.VjMaysville 2. Winchester 1.ton 8, Richmond 7.Lexmg-SUNDAY.Paris .. 20 10 667Lexi'g'n 18 12 o00Richm'd 14 17 453M'y'sv'e 14 17 453Fr'nkf't 14 17 453Win'ster 12 19 387In an excitingParis won fromVV. T. Brooks, Agent.FOR SALE.rood asInternational Corn Huskersew.SAMUEL CLAY.R. F. D. No, 3.38 tfParks' Bill,August 3-13.Ihe Program- For the Assembly Meeting on the aboveFine Business Opportunity.We will sell either of our stores. Ifyou are interested call and we canshow you (we think) the best businessproposition in Paris. Beat cash business in the city. Terms to suit thepurchaser.21 tf BALDWIN BROS.excursion!Parks Hill Campmeeting,August 13.Trains leave Paris afe 8:80 and 9o'clock a. m., and 1 and 5:45 o'clockp. mi-A : C..1I c 1 .1 1 -"turning trains leaveGAtes is tull or good things grounds at 4:15 and 9:45 p. m.campfrom beginning to close. I4 - FINE MUSICHungarian Orchestra, seven piecesGood LecturesEntertaining and instructive Carioooist. First-class of high order of MovingPictures.Jfiss Grace Parlett to entertain andinetract the children.No excursions to Cincinnati or Natural Bridge Aug. 13.orW. H. HARRIS, Agent.D. S. JORDAN. T. A.itFor God's Sake Do Something"Train service 'during week fromParis just right to get full benefitefa afternoon and night xat specialrates.Cottagesuatocan be engaged by writ-I. B. ROSS, Secretary,Carlise, Ky.PtHTtBttEtTcftoinBgBWe hftrA nnevArAd Tita fwin our now book "Fightineby Ernest A. Boll, U. S.District Attorney Sims andothers. The most sensational indictment of theWhite Slav Trade everpublished. It tells howthousands of young girlsare lured from their homesannually and sold into alife of shame. The Cincinnati Inquirer Bays, "Of allthe books of the searon the Waron the White Slave Trade is themost helpful; it should be readby every man, vrom&n andchild. Agent are making from88 to $17 a day selling this book.Orer 600 pates. Many pictures.race l.&t. Best terms toI mate. Omh fm. Shad is fw fui.. -. "IBoeksectttpMy Mres portjaid gpea receipt of price.ninth inning finishMaysville Sundavafternoon in a game close and interesting by a score of 3 to 2. For five innings Romine outguessed thp Parisbatters and when they assumed thelead by two runs, it looked as if Pariswas doomed to defeat.With the same dogged determinationthat has annexed many games theParis men camped on the big hurler'strail. The, blow-up came in the sitxh.Harrell and McKernan waited out thepitcher, and Mayei singled, scoringHarrell. Barnett followed with a safedrive, counting McKernan and Mayertried tn score on the same hit but wascaught between third and home.With the score tied Paris came un inthe ninth with a determination to endthe struggle. Mayer, whose presenceat the plate in a close contest hascaused many pitchers to tremble, clipped off a lively one down the thirdbase line and pulled up on sceond.Barnett was next rip and sent thesphere over the third hag. Mayercame home on the drive ending thecontest. The score :Maysville 1 0 0 10 0 0 0 02Paris 0 0000200 1-3Bateries Maysville, Romine andHolder: Paris, Scheneberg and MayerHits Paris 7, Maysville 7. ErrorsParis 5. Earned runs Paria 1, Mayaville 2. Two base hits Holder, Mayer, Barnett. Base on balls off Romine 3, off Scheneberg 1. Struck outby Romine 9, by Scheneberg 7. Lefton bases Maysville 9, Paris 4.DoubleplaysGlever to Williams to Carmony2. Wild pitch Scheneberg. Passedball Mayer. Time 1 :45. UmpireSinex. Attendance 1,000.Winchester 3, Frankfort 12. Lexington 3, Richmond 1.Burglars Fired Upon.Ai other burglary attepmted in thevicinity of the: r-sidence ot Mr. AlbertWright, on South Pleasant street,which was robbed Sunday night afterthe family had been chlorr formed, occurred Saturday night when a mionight prowler made an effort to effectan entrance to the residence of Mr.Harry Minter. As a result the peopleof the neighborhood are up in armsand with loaded guns are waiting forthe intruders.The burglary attempted Saturdaynight occurred shortly after twelveo'clock. Mr. Minter was awakened bvthe sounds of footsteps on the backporch and the grating of an instrument in the lock of the bedroom. Getting out of bed and making the leastnoise possible and securing his revolver, he made his way to a hall door.Evidently hearing someone in thehouse the would-be burglar ranthrough the yaid to the railroad. Mr.Minter sent several shots after thefleeinij man, which he took to be anegro of ordinary height and nuild.Reloading his revolver he waited forsome time expecting the man to return in an effort to complete the job.An hour later he was attracted by asound in the dining room window andgoing around ibe house fired two shotsat thfs man who leaped over a highooard u nee and ran through the yaidof t: e Tcmplin Lumber Cj.An examination showed the intruderhad pushed the keys out of two doorsin the rear supposedly for the purposeof using a skeleton key. The bedroomdoor sho.vid maiks which were evidently made by a "jimmy" withwhich the burlar attempted to forcethe, lock, btfore pushing out the keysto the inside. Similar marks werefound on the screen of the windo winthe dining room.Two burglaries in less than a week,and in the same neighborhood, has created considerable excitement in thatvicinity and the next appearance ofthe bold prowler will probably resultin his receiving a rather warm welcome.Inter-State AutomobileIndiana,Wo;n third place in 50-mile free-for-all,defeated only by special National andfactory racing National. 'Defeated PopeHartford specials Cutting special,Jackson Marmon, Marion Special, Abbott,,Detroit, Cadillac. Race time, SpecialNational, forty-two ten, Inter-stateforty-five fifteen. Q-oing after themstrong Saturday in one hundred milerace.M. 0. KOFPER.iMsi si Bass as ss aMURDERIn prices of our entire stock of Men's Ladies' andChildren's Summer Footwear. Than to have it left overfor next season we dicided to sell out all our entire stockat the mercy of the public at prices that are lower thanthan the manufacturers can produce. Herethe big Bargains.are a iew 01Attention.See'Hinton's wall paper bargains.Bourbon Men as Judges.J. Miller Ward, of Paris, is actingas judge in the rings for roadsters atthe Blue Grass Fair this week. In theclasses for mules Thomas tyleClintock,of Millersburg, is judge and the classes for sheep, J. Hal Woodford, ofParis.Men's pat. Button or Lace, $4 value at $2.09Men's gun metal Button or Lace, 4 value . .$2.00Men's Tan Oxfords button or lace, 4.50, . . .$3.25Ladies' 1, 2 and 3-strap Pumps, $3 value. . . .$1.75Misses' 1 and 2-strap Pumps, $2 value $1.29THE STAR CLOTHING HOUSE,J. ELVOVE, Prop. PARIS, KY.gwyurwaMisgmMgMnsrwtsM""i'iH'riruri 1 11 n ! mi mini mmNEW PRICES.Look in Winters' windowfor new prices on ThermosBottles.Lot Sale Concluded.Saturday Col. Richard Flood sold atpublic auction on the public squareseveral - lots in Blackland, Osagecounty, Okla., at prices ranging from$16 to $18 pach. The sale was concluded yesterday when Col. Flood disposedof the last of his holdings. The salewas conducted hy Col. George D.Speak es.THURSDAY.Paris ..21 10 674Lexi'g'n 19 12 613Richm'd'14 17 451Fr'nkf't 14 18 434AVin'ster 14 18 434M'ys'v'e 13 19 407$1.00 pint Thermos - atWinters. Call and see them.Daily Thought.Though W6 travel the world overto find the beautiful, we must carry itwith us if we find it not. EmersonfLexington Today.Fortune favored Paris yesterday andthey blanked the RivermenMn a heatedexhibition, counting their lone runthe eighth session.George and Chase opposed eachother and each proved very .effective.Chase was the best however for heheld the locals to three hits in eightrounds, but the cleverest piece of baseball luck gave Paris the contest ndthe Rivermen are entitled to all thecredit of a well nlaved orame.George allowed the visitors six safe- their team. Byties, keeping them well scattered I Maysville andhowever, only in twohis opponents gtt twosuperb fielding and clever headworkpulled him cut of the hole. In the second Woodruff cluuted safely to left.Sijelton and Clever hit into out3 andTheFgame transferred from Lexington will be played off with Paris thisafternoon. After suffering two defeatsin one day the Colts will make aneftorc to "come back" in the contestthis afternoon.One new man will appear in theColts' line-up this afternoon, a secondbaseman, hitherto unknown $ to theParis fans.The working of George in the contest against the Rivermen yesterdayput Hauser on the 'slate to heave inthe contest this afternoon. Hauser hasproved a stumbling block for the Coltsin all of his former games againstthem and the belief 1 which McKernanentertained that he is in full possession of their "goat" perhaps prompted him to switch turns with Georgethat Hauser would fall in line for thein 1 Colts.I Four days of rest has put Hauser inl fine shape and he will no doubt haveeverything in the game this afternoonthat he possessed on the occasion ofihis pitching a no-hit no-run gameI against the Yancey crew. The contestthis afternoon promises to be full ofinterest and Lexington willl no doubtsend down a big delegation to boostParis Kwinnine: fromLexintgon defeatingU5hrBigger and Better Than Ever' NINTH ANNUALIBOIUGitWSEPTEMBERJLOUISVIIXE.II, 12,-13, 14, 15, 16,1 01 iFIX BE THERE ! WILL YOU?THRILLING FREE ACTS DAILYRACING - - LIVE STOCK SHOWFINE HORSES - - GOOD MUSICCLEAN MIDWAY - EDUCATION-HEAD-ON COLLISION SATURDAY-MORE CLASSES AND LARGER PREMIUMS THAN EVERFor information or catalogue write toPERRY M. SHY, Secretary,No. 320 Paul Jones Building40(qiIaBMBSiaitBifiBiBBB8BSBaBjasBaimm JLLU IjOINETTLETONTAN OXFORDSRegular Price $6Will Close Out afcirames jetting' rranKiort yesteraay rans remainstogether, then two games in the lead and the outcomeot the meeting between the Colts andBourbonites ill decide the ledershipin the raace for the second pennant fora time at least;9)3vUCall while we have your sizeGeo. rVTWillams,No more tickets given on raffle until further noticeKKI"iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 8, 1911.-'tm BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGProtect your growing tobacco against hail.THOMAS & WQODf ORD,fire and Tornado InsuranceSale o! City Property.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold Saturday for Master Commissioner Mannthe Ed Myall cottage on the c-jrntr ofMatin and Twelfth streets to F. P.Walker for $4,100.$1.00 pint Tnermos atWinter?. Call and see them.Business Meeting.All members of Bcurbon DancingClub are requested to meet at thetvre of J. T. Hinton tonight at 7:30o'clock. Election of officers.OSCAR HINION; fresHent.Sale Today.Attend the auction rait: cf householdand kitchen furniture todaj at teo'clock at E. II Brannon's residencton riigh street.Child Killed by Electric Wire.Eva Sloan, aged eight years, daughter of Patrolman FrankjSloan, of Lexington, was instantly killed about noonSaturday by stepping on an electricwire.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper bargains.Cottage Sold.Mr. W. C. Dodson has sold to W. O.Chambers his five-room cottage on thecorner of Fifteenth and Cypressstreets for $3,700; but will not givepossession until the completion of hisnew home, which is in process of construction on Cypress street.School Opening.E. M. Costello's school, Paris Academy, will open Monday, September 4.Thorough training and conscientiouswork in English, Mathematics, theCiassics, English Literature and History. Number pupils limited.aug 8 22 sep 1$3.50 quart Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.Killed Crane.Dan Boatright, colored, Saturdayshot and killed a crane on the Griffithpond, near this city. The bird, whichmeasured six feet and two inches fromtip to tip, is the first seen in this section in a number of years Exhibitedon the street it attracted a great dealof attention.NEWPRICES.Look inWinters'windowThermosfor newBottles.prices onThinks Well of Paris.The Richmond Register, criticizingtheir home ball team for losine fourstraights last week, evidently thinkswell of McKernan and bis aggregationfor it says: 'When a well trained andmanaged bunch like the Paris team,with its stone wall infield, masterlytwirlers and heavy hitting outfieldplays with us they show us up prettybad."$3.50 quart Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfJudge Mann Dangerously III.Judge Russell Macn is dangerouslyill at his home on Pleisant street,suffering with general debility, andhis condition is regarded as critical.For more than a year J'2-Jc.j Mann b3Sbeen in declining health, but hisfamily and friends did "ot becmeapprehensive regarding his conditionuntil about a week ago. It is the hopeof a large circle of friends that he willimprove.Sale Today.Attend the auction sale of householdand kitchen furniture today at twoo'clock at E. H. Brannon's residenceon High street.Raymond McMillan Injured.Lying by the side of the road, bruised about the head and body and in anunconscious condition, Dr. RaymondMcMillan was found on the Cynthianapi' e a few miles from Paris late Friday night, and was brought to hishome in this city in an automobile.Unaccompanied he drove out to thehome of Mr. Alfred Batter ton Fridayevening and it is supposed hs horsetook fright at a passing automobile.He was thrown out of the vehicle andwas found lyine by the side of theread by passers by who carried him tothe residence of Mr. Wm. Reffitt, afarmer, a short distance from thescene of the accident.A telephone message was sent to hisfamily here and Dr. C. G. Daughertyand Dr. A. H. Keller responded Fora time it was thought by the attend-.' nlit'cinionc tin rveta corimiciliT inIlifc ywj - w ..-.-".uuiiv in-jured and there were evidences of con -i.,;nn f fho hmin hnt- ha i-aiiidsoon arcerwaras anu is now out ordanger.Dr McMillan is the son of the lateDr. J. T. McMillan and a brother ofCity Attorney C. A. McMillan. LastJune he'graduated from the LouisvilleCollegtof Denistry and contemplatedopening an office in Lexington hi tjearly date lor. the practice of hisfession. rpro -PERSONAL MENTION.' Mrs.fJ. H. Haggard hae'returnedfrorrS wango Springs. "ZZ?e&Mrs. Harry Simon left Sunday for gabusiness trip to New xork,w-i cmnaMiss Julia Edwards returned Saturday from Olympia Springs.Dr. Clara Matthews is attendingthe Parks Hill caiupmeeting.Mr. John Price has returned froma two weeks, stay in Louisville."Mr. Clarence Wood, of Richmond,was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mr. Earnetfc Wintres returnedlast week from a visit to Eminence.Mrs. L. P. Frank and daughter,Miss Ju is, are visiting in Covington.Mrs. W. H. Harris is the guest ofrelatives an I friends in Tere Haute,Ind.Miss Mary Ashbrook, of Richmond, is visiting her sister, Mrs. F. P.Kiser.Mrs. Grant, of Pensacola, Fia., ist ir cuest of her sitter, Mrs. HarveyHi bier.Mrs. Auna Massk, who has beenquite ill at her home on Vine Etteet,is impicving.Miss Edna Kellernorn a visit 10 friei.cishasandretu-nedrelativesin Kicnmond.Miss Calloway Squirts, of Chilesburg, is the guest of itfiss Mary titr.ian Hutchcraft.Dr. George Wrigher, of Cyr.thiana, was among the courj day visitorshere yesterday.Miss Nettie Brown, or Knoxville,Tenn., is the guest of her uncle, Mr.B. F. Adcock.Mrs. Sarah Perry, of Sharpsburg,is the guest of her daughter, Mrs. J.H. Doty, in this city.Mr. George T. Osborne.of Atlanta,Ga., a former resident of Boutboncounty, was a visitor in Paris Saturday. Mrs. Susie Ingles Blackwell, ofKansas City, arrived Saturday to visither sister, Mrs. Perry Hutchcraft, inEast Paris.Mrs Helen Forsyth, who has beenin declining health for several months,has gone to the Good Samaritan Hospital at Lexington for treatmentMr. O. P. Carter, Sr., left Thursday morning tj viist his daught-r,Mrs. Osmond F. Byron, at Ashland,Ky.Miss Dorothy Scutter, who luxsbeen the attractive guest of Mr. andMrs. W. H. Harris has returned to herhome in Cnicsgo.Miss Margaret Ewalt, who hasbeen the guest of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. J. H. Ewalt, returned Sunday to Dayton, Ohio.Mrs. Rosa Payne, of the faculty ofBoutbon College, has returned from avisit to friends at Paynes' depot andother points, and is with Mrs. HughMontgomery on Duncan avenue.Mrs. Girbig, of Chicago, is visiting her sisters, Mis3es Ethel and NoraBaldwin and other relatives in thiscity. She will return home in a fewdays and will be accompanied by MissEthel Baldwin.Miss Helen Hutchcraft returnedRome Wednesday from a delightfultrip to Niagara Falls and Chautapua,N. Y. At the latter place she tooktwo courses of instruction in theschool of expression.Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay entertained with an elegant breakfast Friday morning. The breakfast of manydelicious courses was served in thedrawing room and dining room, whichopen in o each other, and the tableswere beautiful in their appointmentsof china, cut glass and silver, the onein the dining room being decoratedwith two tall silver vases of dahliastied with delicate green tulle. On eachtable were silver comports of summerfruits. The dainty place cards werehtnd painted, and represented basketsot summer flowers.Thoze present were Mrs. WinifredFord, Mrs. Lucy Buckner, Mis TillieLarue, Mrs. Belle Alexander, Mrs. W.L. Yerkes, Mrs. E. F. Clay, MissLutie Williams, Mr. Frederick A.Wallis, Mrs. W. E. Simms, Mrs. Geis-rieter, Mrs. E. F. Spears, Mr. GeorgeW. Clay, Mrs. Thomas H. Clay, Jr.,Mr. Thomas H. Clay, Jr., Mrs. S. M.Wilmott. Mis. Frederick A. Walhs,Mrs. Thomas H. Clay, and Mr.Thomas H. Clay.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes was hostessto two delightful entertainments lastweek in honor of the members of herhouse parly, Misses Lucy CIay Woodford, Hazil Grubbs, Colgate Bascomeand Emma Lee Howe, Eleanor Clayand Messrs. Wm. Woodford and Edward Bcgie.Thursday evening Miss Yerkes gavea porch party in honor of ther guests.The spacious porch furnished a delightful place to .dance and the occaison was enjoyed by about twentyfive couples. Refreshments were served. Friday evening Miss Yerkes entertained with another porch dance. Refreshments of ices and cakes wereserved. Those present were MissesLouise Steele. Anna Wilson, CatherineMarsh, Frances Hancock, Irma Bshop,Elsie Varden, Patsy Clark, VirginiaSmith, Martha bmith, MargaretArdery, Elizabeth Brown, HarriettRogers, Eliazbeth Fisher, Mary Ross,Dorothy Scuder, Annie Embry, Pris-cilia Shackleford, Lucy (Jlay woodford, Emma Lee Howe, Hazel Grubbs,Colgate Bascome .and Elizabeth 'cYerkes. Messrs William Woodford, Edward Boige, Charlie Howe,JoIm Price,Harry Brent Fithian, Brooks Woodford, Scott Woodford, Harold Harris,Wallace Clark, Cassius Clay, JackTurnev. Tom Prichard, John Ardery,,-'. D- tj; Po UQr0l.. Josepn uavia, riciuiuK UuBB,uui.wI Rogers. Douglas Clay and &dgarnndtre. Soeclators: Mrs. uordieParker, Mr. and Mrs. Buckner Woodford, Mr. and Mrs. John Yerkes, Mrand Mrs. Albert Hinton, Mrs. Fanniebelle Sutherland and Mrs. AnnieEmbry.Mrs. F. F. Kiser entertained Friday afternoon at her home on Houston, avenue with a four o'clock tea id1 honor of her guest, her sister MissMary Ashbrook of Richmond. Thehouse was fprofusely decorated withvases of golden glow. .About thirtyladieswere present. $ For the beat lislof particles belonging to the workbasket arrange from a number of letters Mrs. Watson Judy received Jadainty lace Doilie. Mrs. Gerbig ofChicago received the consolation prizea ptety needle book. A lunch of substantiate was "served the guests.Mrs. W. H. Harrislislvisiting relatives at Terie Haute, Ind.Mrs. Thompson Tarr will entertainWednesday witn a thimble party.Mrs. Rhoda Conway is improvingafter an illness of several weeks?Mrs. Bettieafter a severefever.Brown is improvingattack of typhoidMrs. Henry Butler and daughter,Miss Lorine, are at Crab Orchard fora two weeks' stay.Mrs, B. A. Frank and Mins CarrieFrank will return tonight from LakeChautauqua, N. Y.Miss Mary Barrette .Smith, ofRichmond, is spending tha week withMiss Helen Daugherty.Miss Willie T. Summers has relurned from a visit to Miss NormaiJarr, at Portsmouth, U.Mr. and Mrs. Smupl Clay andMiss Kate Alexander left Saturday fora trip to the Great Lakes and Canad?.Mr. and Mrs. Fithian Lillestonhave returned to tneir home inWichita, Kas., after a visit to "relatives here.Mr, Iluss II Doty, who has beenthe guet cf his parents, Mr. and Mrs.Janirs D ty, returned Thursday toDayton, Ohio.Miss Mary Clay entertained witha tennis party in honor of Miss Elizabeth Yeikes and her guests at herhome yesterday afternoon.Messrs. Harry, Frank and SidneyG. Clay, Wallace Mitchell and E. M.Dickson left last night for "GeorgianBay for a six weeks' fishing trip.Mrs. C. Alexander has as herguest at her country home Mrs. Balland Mrs. Harris, of Versailles andMrs. Dan Moore and daughter, ofHarrodbsurg.Mr. and Mrs. Russell Tarr, whohave been the guests of the former'sparents, Mr. and Mrs John Tarr, onCypress street, have returned ,to theirhome in Hampa, Fla.Mr. George Wilder is quite ill athis home on South Main, sufferingwith a severe attack of lumbago. Hewill leave in a few days for Martinsville, Ind., for treatment.Miss Eleanor Clay, daughter ofMr. and Mrs. O. P. Clay, entertainedSaturday afternoon at her home on theGeorgetown pike in honor of the houseparty that is being entertained byMiss Elizabeth Yerkes.Dr. and Mrs. M. H. Dailey returned Sunday from Ethel, Jackson county, where Mrs. Dailey and littledaughter, Louise, have been the guestsof Dr. Dailey 's mother. Dr. Daileyleft Friday to accopmany them home.Charles Stephens Spears has returned from Lexington, where heunderwent an operation for appendicitis, and is at the home of his grandmother, Mrs. E. F. Spears, his brother, Edward Spears, being ill withmumps at their home on Stoneravenue.Mr. Durand Whipple, who wascalled to his home in Little Rock,Ark., on account of the illness of hisfather, will arrive Thursday to joinMrs. Whipple, who is with her parents,Hon. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson. Mr.Whipple's father will be taken to themountains of Tennessee to recuperate.$1.00 pint Thermos atWinters. Call and see them.DEATHS.Justice Ben D. Bell, fifty yearsold and for twelve years one of themost popular and influential Magistrates of Fayette county, was founddead in bed at his home in Lexingtonearly Friday morning by his wife.Death is atttibuted to apoplexy. Hewas a grandson of the noted Jurist,Chief Justice Robertson, of Kentucky,and resembled his distinguished grandfather in personal appearance as wellas judicial mind.Besides his wife, who was Miss Annie Moss, of Nicholasville, and twochildren, a boy and a girl, he is sutvived by several brothers and sisters,among them being Dr. David Bell,Nicholasville; Mrs. Ruth Brown, Versailles; Mis. J. L. Long, Shelbyville;George Bell, Paris, and James Bell, ofTexas.The funeral services were held atthe residence in Lexington Sundayafternoon at 3 o'clock. Rev. J. W.Porter officiated. The pall-bearreswere Judge J. J. Riley, Judge PercyScott. Messrs. Charles Finnell, G. T.Rose, E. B. Ellis, C. M. Matthews, B.B. Wilson and W. G. McDowell.J. H Burman, an attorney, son ofJudge Burman, of Richmond, diedSunday in Baltimore, Ind., of paralysis. The remains were taken toRichmond for interment.Mr. Robert Palmer Green, a former resident of Bourbon county, diedin Maysville Friday afternoon at 2o'clock, at the residence of his son-in-law,Mr. Hamlett Sharp. Mr. Greenwas about 75 years old, and was anex-Confederate soldier. He is survived by four children, Mrs. HamlettSharp, of Maysviille, Mrs. MarthaIserigg and Miss Edna Green, of St.Louis, and Mr. Blantbn Green, ofParis.The remains were brought to thiscity Saturday afternoon and the burialtook place in the Paris cemetery at3 :30 o'clock.The funeral of Wm. Veach, whocommitted suicide at North Middle-town Thursday was held from theChristian church at that place Saturday morning at 10 o'clock. Serviceswere conducted by Elder J. W. Ligon.Burial in North Middletown cemetery.Srevices at the grave were under theauspices of the Masonic fraternity.The following wore the pall-bearers:Wm. Bowling, R. M. Gilkey, J. W.Mitchell, W. A. oomason, J. F.Richardson, John J. Redmon.Public Sale!-OF-Hoasefaold and KifcfienFurniture.Having decided to break-up housekeeping, I will offer at puclic auction on premises on High, betweenEighth and Ninth,Tuesday, August 8, 1911,at 2 o'clock p. m., all my householdeffects, including:Dining - room Furniture, Rugs,Chairs, Ga sj-oves, Gas Bath Heater,Jficiurcs, etc.E. H. BRANNON.TAKE AWITH YOUKoqV-p $5 to $111Brow lies $1 to S12We Have Everything for KocbkOuting.augoOPIfsSSKODAKVERY SPTO OFFER YOU ONI 'M pN1m j. 111Come in and Get Them.WonderfulReductions inI will sell you LAWN andbeen able to buy it.t -A few HAMMOCKSJ.MUMUMFuneral Directors and Embalmers. Ambulance. Fumigating.TELEPHONES: Day Phones, store, 36. Night and Sunday 'Phones, W. O. Hinton,residence 56; J. T. Hinton, residence 22; J. B. Dempsy, Home 'Phone 286.iLAST CUTLawns, Wash Goods, Shirt Waists,Hosiery, Etc.New fPaSi Goods 5We are showing the prettiest line of Ginghams,Flanelettes, Kimona Crepes, Outings and Madras.CO"?t?? r rrxr.UEi LUUiTV. rMWT" -"WWTFee's Cash Specials.!For This WeekWhite Salt Bacon, nice and lean strips 12 1-2 per lb"Japan Rice" (broken) per lb. 5c1 'Sun Beam" Baking Powder per can Sc"Golden Gate" Apricots and Peackes, Californiapack, 2 1-2 lb. cans 15c"Purity Flour" 24-lb. sack only- 65c"Fairy Patent" Flour 24-lb. sack only 60c8 bars Lenox Soap for '. ". 25c6 bars of Ivory Soap foe 25cFresh Pies, Cakes and Bread daily.FEE'SLI HAVE SOMEWALL PAPEB.PORCH FURNITURE cheaper than you have everleft at big cut in prices.KCI3STTODSTaiii8 -itltmmttit?-ai rx7T?Y1 nCM V V LI.3IfiIIIeCarpets,Mattinand: -Ed TuckerRugs,1!Vi1 wNI,4:1.HitrA!.nii!oTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY, AUGUST 8, 1911.n5!ITh Trv Observer.Sit ftkme is &n acute obserrer whoml ifcinrre minutely without beins obtrrL Lavater.Are You Glad You Tip?Tw Chicago waiters, who havefct)ea thrifty and saved the humbletips, are about to take a trip of amonth to Europe. They will tip intmrn, but "no vulgar display" is theirmotto.Matter of Opinion."Now, John, I am dressed, te2 us godorrnstairs." "DownctaiJ-3? Why, mydear, I should think you were dressedfor going upstairs." Boston Courier.Could Not Pay Small Sum.Judge Bray committed two personsto prison at the Shoreditch (England)county court for failing to pay eightcents a week.THEMillcrslmrMilitaryInstituteThe Millersburg Militaty Institute is located in the heart of the BlueGrass region of Kentucky. Cadets in attendance frcm eleven States. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Hot water heat and electric lights. Athleticgrounus and large drill hall and gymnasium. Graduates admitted withoutexamination to all colleges and universities that admit on certificate. Kentucky State University gives to all graduates free tuition.Terms $300 &tr School! Year for board,tuition and general laundry.Write to the Principal for illustrated catalogue and full information.i opens September 13.COt. C. M. BEST, Principal,Millersburg, Bourbon County, Kentucky.fitVK,mastlBMiaW0M!8A0m TWIN BROS.,Clothing Department"We are continuing our Sale for anotherten days. If you have not had the oppoitunity to come in, do so NOW. All cutpi ices previously advertized hold good.On several lines we have made stillJ" greater reductions.We Must Raise Money For Our New Buildingmm"iTwinT0&LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentmSffiL. 5c N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JULY 9, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.2o.342347291040373123326259138-38539830321431bro.uI al7! 10m37(6as26Trains .A-rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 26 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.23 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. . 7 35 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. .' 7 38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 55 amLexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday . "s .12 amCincinnati, O., Deily 9 50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ." 10 02 amLexington, Ky Daily 10 05 amCincinnati, O., Daily 1(uo amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11 50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except; Sunday -. . ; 3 10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 315 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily ii.'spmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5 40 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5 40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6 2() amLexington, Ky., Daily .!.".615 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily q 07 pmLexington, Ky. . Daily ...."."." ."."."..." ..'..!." ."io 17 SmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:4q mTrains IDe-psirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5 33 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . . .."."." .".'.'.' ..".". ." 5 35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7 47 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 735 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday.'. g2o an:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . 820 amLexington, Ky., Daily . .Knoxville, Tenn., Daily qVJacksonville, Fla., Daily . ;;;;;;; io'lS imLexington, Ky Daily '.'.'.'...'.'.lo'.lS am7-i "Tr.' ' v7., ' V. li.oa am,...., j ., .j ocu u.uuy 11.04 amTfiTinCrhnn. TTv "HoiKr T7!-vavf- Cnnn n'.; r,w , j , ."j "4v,5yu uuuuaj , o.4U pm35iAui6iwu, a. jauy rixcepu ounaay 5.50 pm38 ChnniTrnsfci. O. "nailtr' , 1 i""" T ........................ X Xh T-T-k 1 1-. . - -----.......... .U.UU U1UT"nntrfnn TTtr nailtrv.MTr,-',TT"Vjr-c;.:-v.-' b-zo Pm"Rnwldnr? "RV ToilTr TP.imn-nt c-.-.,Ar. .TW, Jl?Z' ? P.w..&vvu, .j ., jQiijr jujjkAjcjJl. kJUllUttV O 50rhnrinnaft r "n;i-rr ,T I--I M ' V4 O.JM PHIS2!801 ijcjugouii, j., jauy ,. 10 48 run(13 Atiata, Ga., Daiiyf ;. ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;-;;S:ts'j' a nic, ox., lauy, ixcepD ounaay (j 25 pmCynthiana, Ky.. Dailv Except Snndav is JLT-Ytno.nTi 1? ro;i . m"I?,I3VtE3-,rI1L"BILiIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.II Trains ArriveiJTo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda 8 15 am. 4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday . . . . - 40 ran?- pwjsville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday WWW."" 6 01 pm12 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 'io.00 pmji Trains IDepart&- . TOi 161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only 7 loam!, "L?1" oisville, Daily Except Sunday.' 1 '.! "".". '. ". 1 743 amI Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday $ " ' 9 5a aSFaakfort, Ky, DailylExcept Sunday i 5 55 STimeScrap BookA Crushed Statesman.Martin Regan was a quaint figure Inthe local politics of Kansas City in theearly eighties. In one of the mob primaries in whichMartin's nomination as aldermanwas involved theRegan factionwas the more numerous. Reganwas elected chairman, and after ashort speechthank ing themeeting for thehonor "on behalfof my friends andmyself" he pro-,3 Zi&tt&r ceeaea to asuwhat was theSIT DOWN, JERRY!" furtner businessof the meeting. Instantly Jerry Dowdwas on his feet to protest against Regan's nomination."Sit down, Jerry Dowd!" yelled Regan. "You are out of order.""I am not," retorted Dowd. struggling with Regan partisans who weretrying to force him down. "Mr. ChairmanMr. Chairman," he yelled, "Iappeal from the decision of the chair!""Sit down, Jerry Dowd, sit down!"replied tbe alderman. "It takes twothirds to appeal from the decision ofthe chair, and there's not that manyhere." Kansas City Star.Optimism..I'm no reformer, for I see more lightThan darkness In the world. Mine eyesare quickTo catch the first dim radiance of thedawn.And slow to note the cloud that threatensstorm.The fragrance and the beauty of the roseDelight me, so slight thought I give thethorn, NAnd the sweet music of the lark's clearsongStays longer with me than the nighthawk's cry.And even In the great throe of pain calledlifeI find a rapture linked with each despairWell worth the price of anguish. I detectMore good than evil In humanity.Love lights more fires than hate extinguishes, And men grow better as the world growsold.Ella Wheeler Wilcox.Ho Appeared.In one of the provincial appeal courtsin France a boy about fourteen wassummoned to give evidence, and hisappearance as hestood before thejudge was suchas to move thewhole com t tolaughter. Die wassmall even forhis age. He worea long redingote,peculiar to theBasque country,and immenseboots. His trousers, collar andhat were unquestionably those ofa man. The courtwas convulsed,and the presidentasked the boyhow he dared to before the judge.treat the court in such a manner. Theboy seemed as surprised as the president and. taking out the citation fromhis pocket, read the formula commanding him. "Comparaitre dans lesaffaires de son pere" (to appear in hisfather's suit).n 1nnLrA Problem In Spelling.George Lacy Hillier. English bicycleand tricycle champion iu the days ofthe high wheel and hard tire, used totell an amusing story about his trainer. It appears that the trainer wouldat times get on Hillier's nerves by calling him Mr. 'lllier. One day, in exasperation, Hillier said to him: "Whydo you always call me Mr. 'lllier? Itis not my name, you know."The trainer stood back in astonishment and replied: "Well, if a haichand a hi and a hel and a hel and a hiand a be and a har don't spell 'lllierI'd like to know what it do spell."Lippincott's.Gags, With and Without.D'Oyly Carte once produced "TheGondoliers" at Windsor by commandof the late Queen Victoria. A finelybound volume of the libretto had beenprovided for the queen, who referredto It frequently to keep abreast of theopera. When the curtain fell she sentfor D'Oyly Carte to express her approval and, having done so. remarkedthat she had noticed that some of theactors had said things which were notset down In the book.Mr. Carta explained that they were"Gags?" queried the queen In a puzzled tone. "I thought gaga werethings pat in a person's mouth by authority." "Not always," was the reply. "Thesegags are what people put in theirmouths without authority."Craokers For the Rabbit.The city couple vacationing in acountry cottage decided to have a latesupper and called at the little storeand roused the proprietor from his napon a bench at the door. They followedhis lumbering footsteps into the building and told him that they wished apound of cheese and some large squarecrackers for a Welsh rabbit The oldman tapped his wrinkled brow reflectively. "Got tbe cheese all right," hesaid, "but hain't got no large squarecrackers. Won't yer rabbit eat theemail ones?" -International GasolinejENGINESill I i!!i-nQ) Sffirp"'AU Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Garage. & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Musical Cure for "Nerves."A Danish musician named Schmidt,who maintains that "nerves" can becured by means of soft melody, treatspatients by making them lie flat on hisgrand piano while he plays dreamymusic to lull them to sleep.Let Us Make the Best of It.It is announced by an English scientist that our winters will graduallyget warmer during the next 400 years,but he warns us that after the 2294there will be a change for the worse.Let us by all means enjoy the sunshine while we may.Ostrich Feathers Not Pulled.It is a mistaken popular impressionthat ostrich feathers are pulled. Thisis wrong. The plumes are cut aboutevery eight months or so, and a keenedged knife is used in the operation.After the cutting the stumps lose life,wither and fall outSeek Always the Best.You can always see and hear thatfor which you are looking and listening. If it is bad you want to hear,you will hear it. The rule works theother way just as well. Look and listen for the best.w&SQFU&5S?SOKtKK!);,.,.,,Mi&lmwWWwWTWIN BROS.Department Store This Week;Aprons 10c, Waists 39c, Lawns 4c,Fine Gauze Black Hose 15c,Gingham Dresses $1.98, worth $2 50,Ladies' Muslin Drawers 19c,Ladies' Vests 8c, White Gloves 19c,Ladies' Slippers $1.25, worth $2.mTWINBROS.What's the Use?A physician says that early risingshortens life. On the other hand, whyspend most of your long life sleeping?Detroit Free Press.lwo Big Mores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyKtfVa' Bon1 AfoVti AftftS !'! 'Ji r7J A ',SfiMartin Bro.,Livery Men,Eighth Street, Paris, Ky.Special attention given to Movingand Livery Business.The best Rigs for hire.Horses Boarded by the Day orMonth.We have for hire at reasonablerates a first class Automobile.MARTIN BROS., It snot made for any certain climate, hut is made to withstand theweather conditions of every climate. Amalgamated ARC ROOFINGwill not drip under the blazing sun, nor cFack in the bitterest cold,onpnrf nyMTV s2Tl Prcess5nd is universally acknowledged theROnF?NrT9?cLluteJy tPerflct roofin- AmalgamateS-ARCROOFING is standard and takes the same insurance Fate as slate or7T j a nn nnnAVT", U1,"c.u .lu reiuna money m iuil it Amal- Jgoinaicu .xvo n-uuriiNvr snouia tail to satisfy.AMALGAMATED ROOFING CO., Chicago, Ilk?Paris Lumber and Manufacturing Co., Paris, Ky.Everybody Wants a HomeYet many have an exaggerated idea of the cost of building one. So they keep put-ting their money into the landlord's purse.If you would like to build a home of your own come and see us.We Will Give You Free Estimates IWe will show you how you can build a nice, cozy, comfortable, little home at moder-ate cost. And will show you how you can pay for it. After that we want to show you-our complete line of Lumber, Lath, Shingles, Sash and Doors and Interior Trim, such a,goes to make up a good home.N We'll be glad to see you.Paris Lumber & Mf 9q Company,Yard,at Of fice,15th and Main SfcsiJ jj ;'' . VIncorporatedHomeThone 12; L T. 530PARIS, KY.r-ftVa''SbtVft31t yimperfect in origin aJ -ww hi n jimi,.Lf"HHCsf1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 8, 1911.&Couldn't Walk!"I i::cd to be teabled with a weakness peculiar towomen," writes Airs, Anna Jones, of Kenny, 111. "Fornearly a year, I could not walk, without holding my sides.I tried several different doctors, but I grew worse. Finally,our druggist advised Cardui for my complaint. ' I was sothin, my weight was 115. Now, I weigh 163, and I amnever sick. I ride horseback as good as ever. I am infine health at 52 years."fhProfessional CardsJ J. WTLTjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Woman'sTomcWe have thousands of such letters, and more arearriving daily. Such earnest testimony from those whohave tried it, surely proves the great value of this vegetable, tonic medicine, for women.Cardui relieves women's sufferings, and builds weakwomen up to health and strength. If you are a woman,give it a trial. It should help you, for it has helped a million others. It is made from pure, harmless, herb ingredients, which act promptly and surely on the womanly organs.It is a good tonic. Try it 1 Your druggist sells itWrite in? Ladies Advisory DeDt. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga. Tenn..for Special Instructions, and 64-pace book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 58Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentAt Geo. Alexander 4 Co.'s Bank,Representing Old Reliable Companies.Insurance against Fire, "Wind andLightning.Your patronage solicited.A COMMON ERROfi.The Same Mistake is Made byMany Paris People.Jtnnk LmqhovnManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Pho e 669Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.DR.DOLLE'SIklOTITIITE Where MEN are CURED.InOllIUIC LET ME CURE YOU!FINEST EQUIPPED INSTITUTt FOR MEN IN THEUNITED STATES NOT MANY MILESTO COMEWHERE YOU CAN BE CURED AT A VERY SMALLCOST, IN A SHORT TIME. NO CURE, HO PAY.J MSB iraniiyBMM j.ScsSuSsk.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,Up Stairs Over Yarden's Drug Store.Prices The CheapestIt's a common eirorTo plaster the aching bactc,To rub with liniments rheumaticjoints,When the trouble comes from thekidneys.Time to use Doan's Kidney Pills.Hprp is rnnvinpinP' nrnnf of meiit.M. T. Goons, 416 S. Mill street.Leyington, Ky.. sajs: "For severalmonths I was bothered by attacks ofkidney trouble. I felt tired nearly allthe time and had such intense backaches that I could not sleep. Atfer Istooped my bsck pained me so severely that I could hardly straighten. Itried a number of remedies and usedliniments and plasters but I steadilygrew worse. A friend finally told meof Doan's Kidney Pills, saying thatthey cured him of a similar trouble,and acting on his suggestion, I procured a box. I received prompt relieffrom their use. Nearly eight yearshave since passed and I have not hadthe slightest return t attack of kidneytrouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., BuffaloNew York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.GOOD LIVER REMEDY FBEEWhen you suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stjrup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you afree samole bottle.. Thousands of people first learned- - .of this remarkable cure forikomack,liver and bowel troubles through &free sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly oiPlainview, 111., sent for one and itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strong;cathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, tWPostmaster at Sardis, Tenrt, says hewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for all the family frominfancy to old age, because it is mildfree from griping and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results arcabsolutely guaranteed or money wilibe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. WlB. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building;Monticello, 111.Real Golf Enthusiast.Our idea of a golf enthusiast Is onewho plays it right on through thebaseball season. Atlanta Journal.FAMOUS FOB 20 TEAES.Difficult Surgical Operation performedwith skill and success when surgery is necessary.LOWEST CHARGESOf aay Specialist.QUICKEST CURESThat Star Cured.XOUJTQ TKES A3CD am. men, come.E3 1 1 CQ PEBMAXENT CUBE, withouttr ILaCO the knife. One treatment cures.VABIPflPCIC NO KNIFE. CnredlaYAllluUukLE One Treatment.DIIDTIIDC Stricture, Etc. CuredKUr 1 3fX EL; by Improved Methods.Blood Diseases, Skin Diseases,Eczema. Bolls, Ulcers. Seres. Diseasesof the Kidneys, Bladder and Prostatexland, Rkeumatlra,NerYonsTroHbIes.UVnDflPEI C Cured Ik One Visit. NonllJKuU&i.lL knife. No danger.All cases guaranteed and accepted on the "DollePlan" of not one dollar to be paid anlessared. Better come thousands of miles to haTeDr. Dolle cure you than Bubject yourself to unskilled doctors. ieat ine unaercanero, uu whwtoday for 4 pace Boole Free, which is "worthits weight in gold tor tn inr riiRcmirafed man. Book.. r.oUJ nnn TAI-ol'nt ftt FnBr Oat Instamps for postage. I see and answer all letters-personaUy. All letters treated with sacred con:fidence. When you write to me, describe yourKlisnase fully to me so that 1 can write you justwhat is needed, in your case.Carries Most SandSuperior Portland Cement carriesthe most sand, because it is groundthe finest. This makes it cost lessthan others sold at the same price.It is also lowest in magnesia fraction of 1 per cent. This is whySuperior concretes never crack orcrumble. Build with it. It's a true 'Portland Cement. Write for freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cement Co.R.A. KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyWhen He Discovers the Cause.A man never begins to blame a woman for his downfall until somebody hasfound him out.Afraid o! Hurting O'Rear.All Kentucky patronage controversies are postponed until after the November election. This includes thepostoffice controversies as well as theDanville Collectorship. The decisiongrows out of the conferee at theWhite House Saturday evning, whileSenator Bradley and Ctleb Powerswere present. The President wishesto avoid doing anything that mighttend to injure Judge O'Rear's chancesby creating party dissension.Still in Primitive- Lif.The natives of New Guinea haybeen found living as if inrthe stoago.Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Eheum, Pimples, Ras-Eczema hes, Dandruff and Palling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."Wife Got Tip Tod Advice.My wife wanted me to take ourboy to the doctor to cure an uglyboil,'' writes D. Frankle, of Stroud,Okla. "I said 'put Bucklen's ArnicaSalve on it.' She did so.and it curedthe boil in a shorb time.' Quickesthealer of burns, scalds, cuts, corns,bruises, sprains, swellings. Best pilecure on earth. Try it. Only 25c atOberdorfer's.STOCK, CROP AND FARM N OTESHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold bathsEverything neat andbarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are nextM. A. KAHAL.W. T. Brooks, Agent.Announcement?n have located in Paris for the pur-pose offoonducting a generalContractingand521 Walnut Street; Cincinnati, 0. Building Business.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send jouaSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicRid Rslm.1 All svmothoms healquicklv. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for houie cure. Samplessent free by writing Blooi Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.: I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handled yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to iurnisn you estimates on snortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hope 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTER6. Dewman,BRICKCONTRACTORSee me before contracting yourBrick Work.REFERENCE:- See Mitchell& Blakemore Building. .920 Main St. , 'Phones 586.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS. KENTUCKY.' Office 514 Main Street.E. T 136.136.334.Home 334.(FT1Office Phones meResidence j Hom'!4dfliittistrator's Notice,All persons having claims againstthe estate of Mrs. Bridget Cain, deppjispd. will have same properly proven unonrtWno- to law and filed with the.undersigned administrator. inoseknowing themselves indented to saidestate will please call and settle.WM. GRANNAN,Administrator with the will annexedof Mrs. Bridget Cain, deceased.27jlmTortured for Fifteen Years.by a cure-defying trouble that baffled doctor, and resisted all remedieshe tried, John W. Modders, of Moddersville, Mich., seemed doomed. Hehad to sell his farm and give up workHis neighbors said, "he can't livemuch longer. " " Whatever I ate distressed me," he wrote, "till I triedElectric Bitters, which worked suchwonders for me that I can now eatthings I could not take for years. It'ssurely a grand remedy for stomachtrouble." Just as good for the liverand kidneys. Every bottle guaranteed.Only 5Uc at uoeraorrer s.Life Saved at Death's Door."Ineverfelt so near my grave,'writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble pulled me down to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatmsnt for two years.My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,nnri tVmf. T am alive todav is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery.whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on earth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, astnma, croup, aimall throat and lung troubles. 50c andSI. 00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer. .London City and County.What is known as the city of London proper has an area of a littlemore than a square mile, while thecounty has 117 square miles.WflLTERMWOODrVHNEW CENTURY BINDERHave Had Their Day.An aviator flies over the Alps anda railroad train runs through them.What is to become of the ooly-alysinger and the St. Bernard dog withthe buffet attachment? Chicago PostThis binder has a world-widereputation. . In every srramgrowing country under theSun it is said to be tne Deacyet by all who use it or seeit work. The features tnatappeal most to its usersare: lightness of draft;handmess of operation:i durability of construction; ability to do perfect work in any kindof gram; accuracy anasure work of knotter;absence of neckweight and sidedraft. The NewCentury is the latest type of binder.made by the peonlft xchn envf ther world its first successful binder, andnow give it itsmost successfulone a cjinder thatNOTMADE BYATRUSTwill do work no other machinecan do.It is constructed on principles and from materialsthat insure more work,better work, longer meand reduced repair puiswith less loss ot time.We'd like to send youour free catalog describing it in full beforeyou decide on whichbinder to buy.Drop us a cardtoday ask forCatalog"Tlf BestYet"YERKES & KENNEY,WASH THAT ITCH AWfcYIt is said that there are certainsprings in Europe that give relief andcure to Eczema and other skin diseases. If you knew that by washingin these waters you could be relieveofrom that awtul itch, wouldn't youmake every effort to take a ttlp tcEurope at once? Would yon not bewilling to spend your last cent to findthe cure?But you need not leave home forthese distant springs. Relief is righthere in your own home town!A simple wash of Oil of Wintergreen, Thymol and other ingredientsas compounded only in D. D. D. Prescription will bring instant relief tothat terrible burning itch, and leavethat of a child.If you have not already tried it, gcat least a 25-cent bottle today. We assure you of instant reliefG. S Varden &ZSon. 4 , -Jonas Weil, of Lexington, boughtf nm Thomas A. Keith, .of Maysville,100 head of fat Mason county exportcattle a a fancy price. The shipmentgoes direct to Uverpool from Norfolk,Va.Alfalfa pays when it is a success.W. P. Givens, Jof Boyle county, wassuccessful. He cut his first crop .Junei od cniri fhp hav for S45 per acre.On July 18 he -ut a second crop whichmade two tons per acre, and is not yetsold. The third crop is eighteen incheshigh and Mr. Givens expects o cutthe fourth crop before cold weather.During the past week lamb shipments over the L. & N. railroad fromCarlisle have been very heavy. Dealers have shipped several thousandlambs to the river markets and havebeen receiving them at prices rangingfrom 5 to 6 cents per pound, most ofthem' having been contracted for fromsix to twevle months ago at theseprices.John E. Madden, owner of Hamburg place, in Fayette county, will infuture devote more of his time and attention to breeding trotters and thoroughbreds and to farming his ,U00acres of blue gras3 land than to racing. Last week he began the deliveryof 5,000 bushels of blue grass seedstripped from the pastures of Hamburg Place, and sold to Chas. S. Brent& Bro. for the fancy price of $1.65 jerbushel. - ,! &!&Cynthiana1 is to have a BurleyLoose Leaf Tobacco Warehouse. Theerectiun of the building will be feDegun. . J mill Va nnmnloronin a snort lime, aim wui u v-vx.v--n time to handle the 1911 crop. Thewarehouse is beingibuilt by Richmond:ni Thnco interpsted in the entei-prise ate W.JS. Moberly, T. J. Mobe 3ly, and T. J. Smith and W. E. Luxonand Chas. S. Terrell. The plant willbe erected on North Main street, andwill cost $18,0U0 or $20,000.At least one race track in thenoihnrhnod cf Chicago has thrownup the sponge and decided that thereis no chance for racing in the vicinityof Chicago in the immediate future.This track is Worth. Within a weekthe Wabash sidetracks, which led tintoa 4--..ir anri Dora impri io take theLUC iiawa auu n"- --horses and supplies to tne stableshave been removed. It is said thetrack will be returned to its originalcondition of farm land.George Mellar who took to England the 53 thoroughbred yearlings soidin July by James B. lHaggin, has returned to Elemendorf Farm with lbSuffolk draft horses, purchased ini?nninn oil h0atnuts in color, thestallions and mares, three of the former and eight of the latter averagingin weight about 2.000 pounds. Five ofthe mares have f nals at i oo t.Total receipts of ilve stock at .theChicago market for week ending July29 were 60,400 cattle, liy.uuu nogs auu120,100 sheep. The weeks' receiptscopmared with the previous week inround numbers increased 8,800 cattledecreased 10,100 hogs and increased14,500 sheep. Compared with the cor-onnn.,ri;nrr toooU- a vpnr aero caiue uecreased 9,300, hogs increased 400sheen h.000.I i Hio largest cattle dealswhich has been transacted in Hardinand Nelson counties fcr some time hasbeen made by D. B. Martin & Co., ofPhiladelphia. The firm purchased 330head from Messrs. Lee Harned, WilHam Daugherly. Fen Kennedy andBud Harned at 6 cents per pound forson and 5 s.d rents ner Dound for daUhead. The cattle realized $25,000.Conditions surrounding crops inCanada are.over most. of the territory,pronounced flattering. Of the 10,500,000 acres under wheat this i seaso ,,rv o snn nnn nre in the serine wheatUVCl U, UJJt UU" w.j. -.. --provinces Saskatchewan, iyj annuoand Alberta ; the increment in area,though perhaps not so gieat as expected, amounteo to 1,200,000 acres ascompared with an increase of 1.500,000acres in 1910. Ever since the seedwent into the ground the spring wheatlands have been saturated by opportune rains, and with some ecxeptionsemmvaA Ux? fnrcincf temnerature. Prss-ent ' prospects therefore afford a refreshing contrast to those at the samei period a year ago, when much of -thecountry was suffering thewitueimgIefftets cf drought.r:Tniuargoien s.Fresh CaughtFishThis Week.Margolen,LParis, Ky.JOne of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A. moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartiiillinery.We have made extra effortschis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson BairdBldodine Loosens the phlegmCough immediately and per-CfiAnlcAr -manenrJv. cures xCough. Croup, Whoop- -intrfVmcrhand all Throat and Iunsr 'Aftp.t,inns. The best remadr for 'children. 25c, 50c and $1.00 a bottle. .pits, nameue vTeii3ujcu.vjurjr.,vjj.I have had Bronchitis for about twenty years an4Its the nrst meatctne tnai nas aone me bbm goo.W. T. Broots, Agent.. to mineand": W DISEASES Aj1NOFH2m lWL ASTHMA. RHIUMATtSM, fU WJ! l COOT- LA CRim. CONJ EM Wgi'JH DaeAn.MALAKIA.ISw JA1 NWVOUJ DtsaJTY. XUVlffk rrvrrtBDANCEae. MMJ L3S I1 Ws:rM$ rDb- " Bm-Sx-sStTtHEBLOODLNE COoNM aATrlMMim. BQ5TQK. msjy "Vv HAam iMs&Kst&SmKrJp . ' i C vrGSSrai J)WecKrow-bloodine;Wffl Help JCorfiH,To Regain Your Strotftliand Energy. "Report of the Hetw4 Phyikte ifta Iadind New York Hospital, on the Cur of CmtrrhV"A few years ago we considered thfcwe were doing "well if we cured ten percent, of the cases of catarrh broughtto us. but since the introduction otBloodine" into our hospital we curmore than 90 per cent, of all the casesof Catarrhin its various formi broughtto us. uatarrn 01 tne jaeaa, atamof the Eyes, Catarrh of the Bladder(and Uretha, Catarrh of the laige uhtestines, Catarrh of the Larynx, PelTiav Catarrh, Catarrh of the Throat,, andrSX Iv'aiarm ot wia giuiuow Hj"""JV) cured with "Bloodine." Itbuildsnewtissues, gives new energy, new me.new blood and strength to any part of.the body attacked By tbe Cataixbii'germs."Bloodine is a powerful tonic, nourishing food medicine, composed ocvaluaDle tonic stimulants obtaiiiea'from vegetable drugs. "Bloodine1contains no narcotics or other dangerious drugs which merely deaden pauxitemporarily, but give no permanent!irelief or cure the cause of your disease.: "Bloodine is a powerful body builder'and blood maker; it is the best remedy'known to the medical profassion tonrichthin, watery blood and supplyHaw, rich red blood to the whole body.FREE - Totha wonderfutTirnvsnerita of BLOODHTB we wiU raail'larga-BampIe bottle ior iu cui u -Teroftstamps for postage.Address, Thi Bloodiotb Coepoeatioh, Boston, MaMrJW. T. Brooks, AgenttiHr!:sXMi)i.3iVHrhtj iL 1t j-I )liuw;.i jjniaji1u '1'- J41'inUhMI;U!.1!mfi!ItiMKXERSBURG ITEMS.IOur tovtn is being well representedt the Blue Grats Fair.A number from here are attendingParks Hill Assembly daily.Mrs. H. D. Shy visited relatives inParis from Saturday until Monday.Mr. and Mrs. T. D. Judy will probably return from Martinsville today.Mr. W. V. Shaw spent from Saturday until Monday at Butler with hiswife.Mr. R. M. Johnson was the guest oflady friends at Sardis Sunday ai.dMonday.Mr. and Mrs. Toy Endicott and Mr.Q. E. Bryan are among the campers atParks Hill.Miss Bessie Bledsoe, of Montgomery," Mo., arrived Friday as theguest of Miss Meek Cever.Miss Leona Letton left Friday formonth's visit to her cousin, Mr. andMrs. Forrest Letton at Paris.Quite a number from here are attending the protracted meeting at theChristian churh at Indian Greek.A colored campmeeting is in progress in the grove of Mr. D. E.Clarke, about one mile south of twon.Miss Hamilton left Saturday for herhom at Cincinnati after spending awek with Misses Mattie and LuciaButler.Miss Louise Monroe returned to herhome at Cynthiana Saturday atfer ashort visit to Miss Kizzie May McDaniel. Mr. Enoch Stone, of Sharpsburg,opened a pool room here Thursday,which seems to be giving muchtemporary pleasure.Mr. H. M. Campbell and MissLavina Reynolds were guests of MissEldiva Sanders at Poplar Plains fromSaturday until Monday.The directors of the Hurst HomeInsurance Company began to arriveyesterday and the committee is atwork going over the records. Must ofthe directois are expected tonight.Miss Mary Thornton King leftThursday for her home at Minervaafter spending several weeks withher cousin. Miss Julia Carpenter. Shewas accompanied home by Mts. Carpenter.about $334. They were then offeredas a whole and sold to Dr. W. V. Huffman for $525. The home of BudDykes v-as r.ext off creT, and was bidto $470 ana witi.arawn. Tne nous--1hold goods of Miss Anna Conway fol1 1 wed but little was sold. The homeof Mrs.Elizabsth Stirman was offered,bid to $1,250 and withdrawn. It wascertainly not an afternoon for sales.The crowd was small and hut few coun?try ptople were in town.Messrs. G. F. Jones and M. P. Wellsare among the sick s" Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Lavin visitedrelatives in Carlisle Sunday.Mrs. J. J. Peed and daughter, MissDorothy peed will return fromMartinsville today.Miss Anna Elizabeth Secrets, ofWaddy, is the guest of her little cousin, Miss Mary Lynch.Mrs. E. D. Bavton, of Lawrenceburg, and Mrs. W. A. Secrets, ofWaddy, are guests of Mrs. J. G.Lynch.Mr. Jas. Murran, of Shelbyville,Mo., and Mrs. Bentz, of Mayslick,wree guests of relatives here fromFriday until Sunday.Miss Elizabeth Throckmorton leftFriday for a visit to relatives at Mt,Olivet aftpr a week's visit to her cousin, Miss Florence Vimont, before returning to her home at Covington.Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Clarke and Mrs.A. T. Moffett were at the bedisde ofMrs. Judith Wills at Oakwood, Saturday and Sunday. Mrs. Wills remainscritically ill.Messrs. S. C. Carpenter and W. F.Sanders have their colts on exhibitionat the Blue Grass Fair, at Lexington,this week. Mr. Chas. Martin hassome very fine mults on exhibition.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper bargains.MATRIMONIAL.-Judgo J. Crepps Wickliffe, ofEardstown, announces the engagementof his granddaughter, Miss EleanorHunt Wicklieff Callaway, of Louisville, to Mr. Leslie ;Blure Shropshire,formerly of Lexington. No date hasbeen set for the wedding.The above announcement will be apleasant surprise to the many friendsof the prospective bridergaom in thiscity, where he is well known.Ankle Accidentally Broken.Whil rei seeing the ork of rforce of men m removing s resvy irongrating, prtparatoiy to putting in son econcrete work, Mr. B. M. Renck,manager ot the Paris Milling Corotaaysuffreed a serious arcidnt when therack fell upon him breaking hjjj lettankle in two places.The immense rack is ten feet highby tvelvp feet long; and formed partof the mill race to prevent trash, timber-and other floating articles fromgetting in the race. Mr. Renick waswatching the men at work, when insome manner his foot became caughtand the rack fell upon him, catchirghis left foot and fracturing the ankle.Drs. Fithian and Dauhgerty ,weresummoned and Mr. Renick was removed to the mill where the injured anklewas set. He suffered intensely andwhen taken to his home on Duncanavenue remained very ill all duringthe day. tWhile his injuries are very painfuland are sufficient to confine him to hishome for seveal weeks, yet, unlesscomplications arise, his recovery j,willbe rapid.Attention.See Hinton's wall paper bargains.Four sales were held here Saturday But It Seldom Thinks Long.afternoon which did not prove very When the world thinks long enoughprofitable. Four lots, on Trigg street, about a thing it generally comes to awere put up by Mrs. Russell Mitchell rIght conclusion. Lilly,and offered individually, bringing jA Sure Thing.You can't make any mistake whenyou use Swan's Down Prepared CakeFlour.BRAMBLETTE & TARK.Both phones.New Teacher Elected.The Board of Education held a called meeting Wednesday evening toconsider the application for the principalship of the grammar school, ofwhich there was quite a number. Mr.-T. B. Sporing. of California, Ky., wasunanimously elected. Mr. Sporinghas attended school at GeorgetownCollage, the Univeristy of Lebanon,O., the Eastern Kentucky NormalSchool at Richmond and the StateUniveristy at Lexington.Is Your Family Sick.Where do you buy your groceries?Are they displayed on the street tocatch every kind of germ? Ours "arenot.C. P. COOK & CO.Water Towers on Flreboats.Fireboats, owned by several of thelarger cities, are now supplied withmasts to elevate the discharge nozzles, on the same principle that watertowers are used by land flren?.IOur Entire Stock of Summer Shoes marked downfor quick selling : : :All the best Walk-Overstyles in Oxfords at cutprices :::::iOur GreatMark-Down Sale !Is Nearing an EndWe broke all records in Shoe selling last week, and nowonder, when the best Shoes are sole at less than cost ofmanufacture. Never in the history of Paris have Shoesbeen sold at such remarkably low prices.To be sure of a clean sweep, we have arranged our stock, marking down our entire line ofSummer Shoes at less than cost.For To-morrow, Saturday,rAnd as many days as the lots will last, we have added somespecial bargain lots at one-half the price their actual value.DAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.At The Big Electric Sign.Come to us for your Shoeneeds while the Sale is onand saye the difference.L.A PLAY WITHIN A PLAY.Tho Feasting Scene Developed a Cemi. jcal Complicatidn.In Willie Ecjouin's production of"Dreams," which enjoyed a long andlucrative prosperity, there was a nightly feast on the stage, of which theprincipal item was a "property"chicken, made of canvas and with detachable -legs and wings. Obviouslythe actors could not eat them, and eachnight after the scene they were gathered up and replaced on the bird, readyfor the next performance. The realedibles were generally apples, breadand gingersnaps. for the purchase ofwhich a generous management allowedthe property man 25 cents a night.James, as this functionary was called,used to pocket the money, according tomembers of the company, and feedthem stale biscuits and crackers takenfrom the table of the dollar a dayhotels in which he made his residenceen tour. Member after member of thecompany complained to Mr. Edouin,but each was treated with scant consideration,, for Mr. Edouin did not haveto eat in the play. His share in thebanquet was a glass of lemon soda,served in place of wine, and the property man was generally wise enoughnot to offend the star by any substitution. One night, however, during the banquet scene, when Mr. Edouin. as agrandfather, pulled the cork of thestage champagne, a disagreeable odorand whitish smoke came forth. Something had gone wrong with the lemonsoda. Mr. Edouin discovered at oncethat there had been a mistake. Hepushed his own glass aside and started to fill the other glasses. Thereuponhis wife, who was never behindhandwhen there was a chance for fun,leaned across the table and remarkedquite audibly:"You are going to give us a treat tonight, grandpa; don't fefget yourself."Interpolating lines meant a One of$5, and Edouin glared, but he raisedthe bottle to fill his glass. The last ofthe liquor was thicker and apparentlymore unpleasant than the first. AsEdouin appeared to hesitate his mischievous wife sprang to her feet witha new interpolation:4A bumper, grandpa," she cried,shaking the gray curls she wore asgrandpa's wife. "I demand that youshall first dirink a bumper to thehealth of the old wife who has stoodat your side more than fitty years."The house applauded, and there wasno getting out of it Edouin drainedthe glass, then, with a look of murderin his eyes, vanished from the scene.A moment later he returned, draggingwith him the property man, who hadbeen standing in the wings, dressedas a country bumpkin, ready to drivethe sleigh in the nest scene."Here, mother," said Edouin, "here'ssome one who wants to drink yourhealth too." Seizing a bowl, he drained the contents of the bottle Into it andthen, deliberately emptying all theglasses into it, handed it to James."Drink that, my lad," he said cheerfully, adding under his breath, "If youleave a drop of it you'll be discharged."James took his medicine; then hedisappeared. New York Times.Dreams of Diamonds and FindsGems.Two diamend rings, " supposed tohave been stolen from the residence ofBen F. Harriott, of NTt. Sterling,were .found between mattresses, wherethey had been placed by Miss Katherine bpence Herriot. One nightflastweek after she had retiredMiaaHerriott dreamed where she hadj placed the gem5?, and getting up, went to tjthe room and raising tlae mattresses,found the jewels, wnicn were valuedat $300.RuMlan Waalth Unavtnly DfvktoCIncome tax statistics for the cams'subjects show taat of tha empire's total population of 16,000,000 only aboetfcur hundred thousand have Incomarunning from $515 to $1,030 a year.On the other hand, 3,500 subjects havean aggregate of yearly incomesamounting to about $277,000,000. verynearly as much as the 400.000 whohave 32S5.000.000.Agreed With the Admiral.Sir John Fisher, who recently resigned as first sea lord of England, Isa bluff, blunt, old fashioned seaman,about whom anecdotes cluster as beeson a honeycomb. One of the classicshas to do with a former boatswain on-Fisher's ship, who insisted upon seeinghim at the admiralty offices in London.Fisher was busy and refused to bebothered. "Hi'll stay h'until Hi do see'im," said the boatswain.Sir John was not in good humor, andwhen this was reported to him hesnapped out, "I'll see him in hell."The boatswain had edged into theoffice and heard this promise. "Hiknow that, Sir John." said he, "butHi want to ave a talk with you first"And he had the talk.Making It Right.On one of the southern railroads anegro found employment as a fireman.On his first trip he noticed that thesteam gauge showed 200 pounds, thehand pointing in the direction of theengineer. "See the way that hand ispointing?" said the engineer. "Yes,Come now while the rangeof sizes is still good andthe st vies of the best.-ipilraj jigr WmW l lifeJfk III IflSS&H- t jk Ti o IBsycyp Mmhdies.Following the discovrey of 17 casesof pellarga in the Eastern RpntuckyAsylum for the Insane at Lexington,it is repotted that upward of 100 c&eshave bten found in Bell and Whitleycounties. The State Board of Healthhas called a me-iting for Corbin, Whitley county, on August 9, to discussremedies, and it is likely that theGovernment and the Rockefeller Institute will be asked to send experts tothe meeting.Many Improvements lor EwingFair.Extenisve preparations are beingmade by the Ewing Fair Company, atEwing, for the annual fair, which isto be held August 17, 18 and 19.Additions have been built to the largeamphitheater, the track has beenwidened and: a great amount of generalimprovement done to the grounds.The exhibitions of live stock will bebetter than ever before, and everything points to this being the banneryear for the famous Fleming countyfait.Health Board to. Discuss Rente- j ?aSier S ' (?OFAtlantic City and Return.Tha Chesapeake & Ohio railway willrun a special train to Atlantic Ci'yAugust 17, leaving Lexington at 11:40a. m.. rate $17-00 round trip, good lb'dayo. Liberal stopovers returning.Sleepingjcarjjdiagramsare now open.Persons wanting space reserved pleaseaddress p3 "GEORGE W. BARNEY, D P. A.,Lexington, Ky.Life Saved at Death's Door."Ineverfelt so near my grave,"writes W. R. Patterson, of Wellington, Texas, "as when a frightful coughand lung trouble- pulled me down to100 pounds, in spite of doctor's treatment for two years.My father, motherand two sisters died of consumption,and that I am alive today is due solely to Dr. King's New Discovery, whichcompletely cured me. Now I weigh187 pounds and have been well andstrong for years." Quick, safe, sure,its the best remedy on earth for colds,coughs, lagrippe, asthma, croup, andall throat and lung troubles. 50c andSI. 00. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Real Estate.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.W. A. Gpiaes & Co., - - Plaintiffsvs.Henry Clay - - - - - Defendant.By virtue of a judgment and order ofsale made and entered in the abovestyled action at the June term, 1911.of the Bourbon Circuit Court, theundersigned Master Commissioner ofthe Bourbon Circuit Court, will enSaturday, August 26th, 1911at the court house door in the city ofPans. Ky., about 11 o'clock a. m., sellthe property described in the judgment andNordered to be sold in thisaction or enough thereof to satisfyplaintiff1' judgment and costs beingincluding costs of sale, on a credit ofsix months, to-wit:A certain house and parcel of groundon the waters of Hinkston creek in thatownjef Shippsville, Bourbcn county,Ky., particularly described as follows!begirning at a stone corner to LewisPetprs, running with the road 22 -yard3 to a stone on the same side ofthe road, thence west 110 yards to astone on Thomas Shipp's line; thenceS. 22 1-2 yards to Peters' corner;thence E. 110 yards to the beginning,containing one-half acre.The purchaser will he required toexecute bonds for the purchase moneywith approved surety, bearing interestst the rate of six per cent per annumfrom date until paid, payable to thiundersigned Master Commissiorer.Said sole will be made to satisfyplaintiff's debt and interest amountingon the day of sale to $86.45, and costsof this action, including the costs ofsale amounting to the sura of 63.32,amounting in the aggregate to the sumof $149.77.RUSSELL MANN, M. C. B. C. C.Harmon Stilt, Attorney.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.1-4 OFFOn All Men's andBoy's SuitsI.hu pc .nil untsennie weissoerg,Home For Better Clothes.Singer Buiiding, Main Street,PARIS - - KENTUCKYITAPPED HIM ON THE SHOULDER.ttih." "Well," continued the man atthe throttle, "you want to keep thathand pointing at me all the time."They ran along for about fifteenmiles, and the steam went down. Thehand began to point toward the fireman's seat. The negro watched it intently. Finally he stepped -over to theengineer and tapped him on the shoulder", saying, "Cap, Ah spect you'd better get over on the other side awhile."wmmmxOur I irip nf fpHinor mi Iver is Very Complete.Just the thing forwedding gifts.REMEMBER THSSThe "House of Quality" only carries the very best in Solid SilverI and we can give you anythingI from a teaspoon to a tea-set.saSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers.M Both Phones. MiPtitVc8- &!.-fZ-