4 K4?'THE BOURBON NEWS."5T"Vv. 'V:PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXX.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 1911.NUMBER 6" - -Insure with W. O. H in ton. J Early Spring Opening.Prompt paying non - union Early Spring opening of carpets.Companies. tf I r"ss and mattinss at A. F. Wheeler's" ' big store opposite the court house, on. ' MnnHav .lannani 5fl-w.v.. f WlftJftUJ JfFreshReel FootLakeFishTO-DAYLoiiiiii Howard.Paris GrandFriday Night, January 27Greatest Realistic Drama of theCentury,THEWOLFBY EUGENE WALTERS,Authtr of "Paid in Full."PRICES 25c TO $1.00Seats m Saie Wednesday morningat Mitchell & Blakomore's.rwFay The GashwGreat Offer to the Farmers.Every farmer in Bourbon countyfeel" a deep interest in what's going onin the agricultural world and to keepwell posted on this subject, mustnecessarily come in touch with journals that deal in a great measure inthe topics that are of the greatestinterest to the agriculturist.By a special arrangement the Bourbon News has made it possible for thefarmers to secure one of the best farmpapers in the South together with theNews, all for the subscription priceasked for the latter.The Kentucky Farmer, published inLouvisille, is a monthly jcurnal representative of and entirely devoted tothe agricultural and live stock interests of Kentucky and in the South.This is one of the greatest offers ever'presented to the farmers as the ralefor both papers has neen made remarkally low. The subscription piics ofthe Bourbon News is 2.00 per yearwhile that of the Kentucky Farmer is75 cents, bat in this combinaton we areenabeld to give both for $2.00 peryear.To all subscribers who renew between now and April 1st as well asnew subscribers, who desire to takeadvantage of this liberal offer, this opportunity is open. Sample jcpss ofboth papers wll be mailed to any addres upon application to The BourbonNews.wwX For Your Goods and Get Out of $!d&$ the Credit Habit.jjf I Sell Better Groceries For LessIS Money than any House in Paris.stotototototototowStandard Granulated Sugar, 20 lbs $1.00Lemon Cling Peaches, per can 18Potatoes, per bu 75Lard, 100 per cent. pure, per lb 14Aspargus, (Libby's) per can .25Aspargus Tips, (Libby's) per can 253 Bars Lenox Soap 103 Boxes Matches 10Ladies' Talk Flour, 25 lb. Sack 65Ladies' Talk Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.30Ladies' Talk Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.551-2tototLadies' Talk Flour people say: Buy a sack, take ity nome, try it, if it's not the best, or equal to the best,j Flour you have ever tried, send the remainder that youJS have not used back to me. Your money refunded and noSfjl charge for the amount used.5 The Grocery Store of Quality. &JJ T. C. LENIHAN, Prop. !Both Phones 234 WTobacco is Being Received.Tobacco in large quantities is beingreceived at the warehouses in thiscity, and a number ot wagon loadshave passed through here to the looseleaf market in Lexington. It is estimated that forty hognheads of tobaccoate daily being prized and shippedfrom Paris to the Cincinnati andLouisville markets, and the proceedsrolling in to the Bourbon farmers inliberal amounts. Many farmers havenot jet finished stripping their cropswhile others have not sold. The delivery of the 1910 crop will probablycontinue-until March 1.Cattle Thief is Convicted.James Cartmell, a young man fromBath county, was tried in the Montgomery Circuic Court on the charge ofgrand larcency and was found guilty.He will be sentenced under the indeterminate sentence law. Cartmell wascharged with stealing cattle in Bathcounty and driving them to Mt. Sterling and disposng of them.TOGARDSThe most luxurious accessory in existance. Little soft stocking protectors for .everybody. Fit snugly over the forepart of the bare foot, underneath thestocking. Will positively prevent thesheerest socks or stockings from wearing through at the toes.Price 1 0c per pair.We have a full line of very handsomesilk stockings for the ladies at75c per pair.Howard Quits District Committee.Hon. H. Clay Howard, of Paris, whowas recently aopointed Minister toPeru to succeed Leslie Cobms hastendered his resignation to ChairmanRobert M. Winn, of Alt. Sterling, as amember of the Seventh District Committee. A meeting of the committeehas been called for February 4 atFrankfort to select Judge Howard'ssuccessor.Uncle o! John Fox, Jr., Suicides. Prof. Edward C Fox, formerly surveyor of Clark county and for manyyears principal of tbe Winchester public schools, committed suicide in Winchester Tuesday afternoon by hanginghimself.He left a note for his wife statingthat his troubles were more than hecould bear, and telling where the bodywould be found. Ill health was thecause of the suicide. He was seventyyears of age. He was one of Winchester's most prominent and popularcitizens and was an uncle of the notedauthor, John Fox, Jr.w&&filst& ifoft&j&$& mk er&ac-.ift i&k$kvk ae ?&& iftiititt.i3c r&rx && m& i& ftMf29SSSmkVK!r'ri'S?&&&fVr3ass&X3&-rraiJmmCLEARING SALE!OF PRICE & CO., CLOTHIERS,Commence Saturday, Jan. 7TJsIpvi5VWSuits and Overcoats sold at S30, now Suits and Overcoats sold at 22.50, now$24.75 $1 7.50Suits and Overcoats sold at $25, now Suits and Overcoats sold at $20 and 318,$19.50 Now $15Suits and Overcoats sold at $27.50 and Suitstand Overcoats sold at S15 and$28, now $16, now$21. 50 $12.508IMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, Kentucky.Outfitters-to-Men."WE KNOW HOW."wmmmmmmwin333!iuimmiiim;jffluimiimMiiin:niimnmnmiimFRANK & CO,The Ladies' Store-AnnounceReady For Your InspectionNew Spring StylesIN"asmUsffcWhite GoodsGinghamsSheetingsFlaxonsWash GoodsPercalesCheviotsLinensst-SSrecial Prices on Boys' Suits and Overcoats. .50 pairs Men's and Young Men's All-Wool Pants, -sold from 1.50 to 3.50, 3Mchoice $1.00.Heavy Fleecs Underwear 38c, worth 50c.m"-Special Attention Is Called to Our Lines ofMuslin UnderwearHamburgs and LacesHYOUR TRADE SOLICITEDPRANK & CO.:!!!$$. 10iV-zI1It31:PRICE & CO. Clothiers.mm411jtWWWmHiiuitimfiiiiiiJiriiiniiiiiuiHiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiii'iinnuiuiiimHiimuiimisHHiuiimuiwiujmiiiiriiijj&Wii$M$jMs&smagsssxw$-wwWiPW .9E??y wwwfliMMKMIKflwHISiSwJHUMS?s?ijUf&&Kxw,xmnxmmxmmZZmFmiS &MF&XwS&f2&Kmsrt. V H.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 27, 1911t ,j-&?) iiit. .:ftIIWins -No. 1026There may be those who think they have apeculiar foot, demanding a custam-mode shoe.The illusion is banished to theTfettleton Shoejwhich is so constructed and in such variationof sizes that any foot can be fitted.Geo. M cWillams, 1The Shoc!Man.KKBVf 1T'-I'VIA Treat For All ClassesWho!Smoke.The Crystal Ice Cream Parlor,B. K. ADAIR, Prop.JUST SAYBALDWIN BROS.Two Big Sto cs, Corner Seventh and Main and South MainTHE LOCKSVO'C. IaJll-ggji-LOWRY &Bourbon LauridryD WIS & FUNK Props.$ Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice. 'i&H ' 1118asBourbonParis, Kentucky.ImAn Idol Cigar in hislmouth forhis own delectation, a feu inhis pocket for his friends, is tobe accounted one of the blest.Resort, therefore, airjye whoare fond of a good smoko, tothe cigar aud tobacco emporium, the sign above whose dooris"WHEN"and we will stop cutting offthose nice tender chops alwaysto be had at this market. Justthe things for breakfast or evendinner if you do not care tobother with a roast. Our lambis the real tiling. No yearlingmutton, but genuine springlamb, tender, sweet and juicy.Try it and you'll surely enjoy it.That :do not a prison make'are no- the kind we keep. Ou;locks, bolts, etc., are t.:e kindthat stay locked and bolted.The7 are not toys, but arestrong and adequate for theprotection they are intended toassiu'G. Come and. get the realkind. Our prices are moderate.TALBOTTA P rticular Service ForParticular People.xney are pieasea witn our claundrv work the rest of Mfcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundrv out theday we promise it. and itsquancy is guaranteed, uive jus a trial order. You'll not Wregret it.Laundry,sTHE BOURBON NEWS.BOTH 'PHONES. 124-.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Poatoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in J 88 J Z9 Ycais of Continuous PublicationDieplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$L.OO, Payable inWar Against Wild Dogs in Boyle.. Farmers in the neighborhood ofGravel Switch, in Boyle county, wageda war of extermination on a pa'k otwild canines, numbering more than fifty, that have infested the community.The rapacious canines, which camefrom the adjacent knobs, have beencommitting all sorts of depredations.Two milch cows and five fine exportcattle belonging Jto one farmer, andflock after Hock of sheep were killedby the dogs. A large number of .hogswere killed at different times.While walking over his farm, JosephCox, a Boyle county farmer, was attacked oy a stray cur that had becomeseparated from the pack and was bitten in more than one place Ibefore ", hesucceeded in clubbing the cur to deathwith a piece of fence rail.A few days ago a band of more thantwenty armed men set out in search ofthe canines with the determination ofannihilating the entire pack. The dogswere surrounded in a ravine, to whichplace the carcasses of sheep and hogshad been carried. The dogs werefeasting when the band of armedhunters came upon them. One hundred shots were fired and twenty-eightdogs were killed, while others, wounded, fled to the hills.Committee's Meeting Postponed.Chairman Henry R. Prewitt, of theState Democratic Committee, residingj at Ml. Sterling, Ky., has postponedthe meeting of the State ExecutiveCommiattee, called to meet in Louisville on January 25 until February 4." As a reasonflfor the postponement,Mr. Prewitt stated that the subcommittee appointed at the meeting ofDecembtr 22 to arrange the details forthe Statt primary scheduled to be helden May 27, 1911, had asked for furthertime.Keller Urged lor Representative.Colonel Green R. Keller, editor ofthe Carlisle Mercury, at Carlisle, Ky.,is beim; urged to become a candidatefour the Democratic nomination lorRepresentative from the NichoJasRobertson district. Col. Keller, be-i sides being a prominent newspaper!man and a Confederate veteran, hasformerly been identified with H Statepolitics, having been chief clerk of theHouse.Piece of Steel Lodges in Throat.Ollie Greenwood. Fan employe of aMaysville plow works, had a narrowescape from death when a punchingmachine broke and a piece of steelstruck him in the neck, barely .missingthe jugular vein and lodging in histhroat. The piece of steel was extracted and Greenwood may recoverbut he may never be able to turn hishead.Nicholas County AssessmentRaised.The Nicholas County Board of Supervisors has adjourned after making anet increase of $96,860 Jin the assess-ment of the county for 1911. The to-.tal amount of assessable property forthe year is m.4ii,uzo, wmen is an increase of $297,470 over 191 U.Lawyers from Bar Association.The attorneys at the Carlisle barhave organized the Nicholas CountyBar Association. Col. John i Morgan, nestor of the bar, was electedpresident and Urban M. Swinford, theyoungest member, was elected secretary and treasurer.Took Pasteur Treatment.D. R. Messick, wife and daughter,of Lexington, have returned fromChicago where they went to the Pasteur Institute for treatment. Thefamily had eaten game that had beenretrieved by a hunting dog that laterdeveloped hydrophobia. There was aremote danger of the family becominginfected and as a precaution the entirefamily took the treatment.Raymond Hitchcock at Lexington.Stamped with the approval of a longrun in New York, Chicago and Boston,Raymond Hitchcock will be r seen atthe Lexington Opera House Monday,January 30, matinee and night, in oneof the best musical pieces written byversatile George M. Cohan a playwith an actors the pnoncipal character, "The Man Who Owns Broadway."It lends iLself admirably to .the peculiar comedy of Mr. Hitchcock and hasbeen said to be the best medium he hasever had. While there is a clearlydefined plotthat tells la story full ofclean humor with many flashes ofdramatic acting, theie is little need ofstory for it is Hitchcock and Cohan attheir best and that (.means fun, goodmusic and clever dancing. Of thecompany of eighty the principals include Flora Zabelle, Mrs. RaymondHitchcock, John Hendricks, FrancisLieb, Mildred Elaine, Leila Rhodes,Mark Sullivan, Gertrude WebsterLeland Stearns, Armauu King, CurteKarp. Ralph Hurl on and many othrfavorites, while the orchestra is 4alargely augmented one.NO. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSAdvance$1.00Indictments Returned.The Franklin county grand jurymade its final report and returned anumber of indictments among the number being fseveral against the youngmen alleged to be concerned in thefight at the Greek restaurant inFrankfort on the morning after Christmas. Two indictments each were returned against Eph Lillard, Jr.. PatBohannon, Grover Land, Hugh Crumbaugh and Sherman True. The firstindictment charges each of them withunlawfully shooting and wounding another in a sudden heat and passion.The other indictments charge each ofthem with unlawfully cutting andwounding another in sudden heat andpassion. Hugh Harrod, EugeneCrouse, Clarence Tucker and HenryEllanger, Jr., were indicted uncharges of a breach of the peace inconnection with the affair.Recovers After a Long Illness.Mr. R. B. Ellis, of near Danvillecombined three celebrations into oneat his home near that city .this -week.He celebrated his seventy-eighth birthaay and he and his wife celebrated thefifty-fourth anniversary of their marriage and Mr. Ellis celebrated his -recovery after a longjillness of4 sixteenyears, during which time he was unable to move either hand or foot. Thecelebrations were held in the housein which Mr. Ellis has. lived for sitxytwo years.Suit Against fironston EstateSettled.A settlement was effected in thesuit, pending in the Fayette Circuit!Court, of James C. Rogers, receiverof the Southern Mutual Investmentand American Reserve Bond Compa ,nies.a gainst the estate of the lateCharles J. Bronston by which theestate will pay to the receiver $10,000.There were five suits against Col.Bronston, asking the payment of aboutS100.000 in all. The settlement wasmade by Wallace .Muir, administratorof the Bronston estate, and the receiver, and Circuit Judge Parker'indicatedthat iie would approve the settlement.fPleads for Pardon of vVarren.Rc-preFentative Campbell, of Kansas,has petitioned President Taft JJfor therelease from prison of Fred D. Warren, a Socialist editor, who was sen-jtenced recently for having offered a 'reward in printed form ot $1,000 for!the return to Kentucky of W. fc$. Taylor, of that State.In his petition Mr. Campbell saythat as "the authorities of Kentuckyhad offered a reward for Mr. Taylor'sreturn, it would fcseem that Warren'soffer of a reward was excusable if notj jstifiable," and that as for years full ,pjblicity was given in the press to Mr. ;Taylor's alleged complicity against the 'laws of Kentucky, Warren's offer cculdnot add to tne injury of Taylor's name. 'Sweet Recollection."Young man. you ought to marry. Acozy home, blooming children thereIs nothing happier in the world! Andabove all, you have the sweet recol- Jlection of the time you were a bach- ;elor.""Di Miles' NervineCompletely CuredOur Little Boy ofFits."A family can suffer no greateraffliction than to have a child, subject to fits or epilepsy. Many afather or mother would give theirall to restore such a child to health."I am heartily glad to tell you of' our little boy who was completelycured of fits. He commenced having them at 10 years of age and hadthem for four years. I tried threedoctors and one specialist but all ofthem said he could not be cured,but Dr. Miles' Restorative Nervineand Dr. Miles' Nerve and Liver Pillsmade a comptete cure. He is nowhale, hearty and gay. It has beenthree yearssince he had the last spell.I shall give Dr. Miles' medicinesfiraise wherever 1 go. You are atiberty to use this letter as you seefit and anyone writing to me I willgladly answer if they enclose stamp .lor reply."F. M. BOGUE, Windfall, Ind.Dr. Miles' Nervineis just what it is represented to be,a medicine compounded especiallyfor nervous diseases, such as fits,spasms, St. Vitus' dance, convulsions and epilepsy. These diseasesfrequently lead to insanity or causeweak minds. Dr. Miles'5 Nervinehas proven most effective in relieving these dreaded maladies.Sold by all druggists. If th first bottlafails to bsnsfit your monsy is returned.MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, InlUnAlJUVLrJLUNWJweakest organ. If there is weakness of stomach, liver or lungs, there is aweak link in the chain of life which may snap at any time. Often this so-called"weakness" is caused by lack of nutrition, the result of weakness or diseaseof the stomach and other organs of digestion and nutrition. Diseases andweaknesses of the stomach and its allied organs are cured by the use of Dr.Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. When the weak or diseased stomach iscured, diseases of other organs which seem remote from the stomach but whichhave their origin in a diseased condition of the stomach andother organs of digestion and nutrition, arc cured also.The strong man has 9 strong stomach.Take the above recommended "DiscoV'ery" and you may have a strong stociach and a strong body.;.Given Away. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser,new revised Edition, is sent free on receipt of stamps to payexpense of mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for thebook in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.rAll the talking we can do in favor of FOX RIDGEwilljnot convince you of its superior lquality half so rapidly as asample load. vW. C. DODSON,PARIS, KY.ri rTTtir"Tnriti,QvmChas, S. Brent & Bro.Clover, Alsike, Timothy andBluegrass Seed. .Seed Oats.Iemp and Wool.We Handle Nothing But the Best.CHAS. S. BRENT BRO.PARIS,Both 'Phones 14.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local audLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."WhenJJyou have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service." ,The East Tennessee Telephone Co.Incorporated!S!1SXi.iW iSsvx vCv8bHow is YourCOAL BIN?The mercury goes down and down,Coaxed on by zero weather;The coal bin too, and with many a frownYou see them go down together!While we can't stop the mercury fromgoing to the bottom, we are preparedto fill your bins to the top.g TEMPLIN LUMBEREach of the chief organs of the body is alink IB the Cham ofI Life. A V chain is sostronger thaa itsweakest link, the bodyno stronger thaa itsr - Trr rTTTTTupcTNir&$-KENTUCKY.&&&WE SELLAT RIGHT PRICESLUMBER,LATHS, ftSHINGLES, . !XPOSTS',SASHES, WDOORS,BLINDS,HARD AND SOFTCOAL,WE AEEAGENTS FORAmatiteRoofiRg.rm --ixF$miAfsTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, "KENTUCKY, JAN. ,27, 191 UFOLK-SONGim UplfcstortSung by JIMMY FAY in Vaudevillef " VKswaft - lyat m.irrt.no achuitjYour s.ns willnut brinsr me II im whoffttt nicht briny I mir JJu - crTima Kioii by Dr. TH. BAKER.V- "ta Very slowly. To be sung softly throughout.JSeltr langsam, durchicey iait.hitr Xtimme.KUGF.X IlTLDACn. Op. lo. 5b. txrV. tempo.-7-i-7-s !-; W-'--h-i '-,-J --I , 1 "- f . f 1 ' 7" f " 1 t7W. fr7 ' ltd. J9C?I p&l-gEl- fc.. - Sr Sdb-S - -3 ql .j-j-r-g : in i iJPg zy-zztz--.z-tz h---. :fg lt&Ea- J L 1 1 1Ye stars in the glunm - ing, Why -liinc c soHflx enct . ,Ar .5a- - ne So bell 'in der! . .j. -; ; i - . ,wo, ' i i 1 1 u i r u" u?- ?? f it'ii'jio. x! - -n u , . .ty - - !-.- '- Ki-lr? 31 y smit - ln'.-iri. is 10:1111 - nig, .Ami heeds not myX't'ht? Jlrin Sr.'m'z dir far - ne, Jlat m wVA wie7irF --' ' tri '"f7 ir-f? ,-- : 1- --' - - -rlefr. 'mcJul - lsfor - hint!6'c - tun!The doI'er - icehtver is- g- g ? '1 1 1 i 1 r, v .g. rU. P."" . " "" " I . w0ll'td.a.-U-Tt-.r itr.1f"7. on, Tiio flow'rs71 - then, JJr Voin the dell;- 1 fit df.r Kl&s,Gol guard thee,Jtfay Gott diehmyUgp'-ljz. i --T5j-ss -. " -- .-.'ft- & -&J-s--7..77.- 7W.7'.7V7.Pal7V7.P. ,1 I ' " jHVe77 rt ' .ur.iy r.AehlfJftitO.- -- -- - 2PI! lwlI ar? hi . ::: z-i y p 1i- -m- -L&::i:zzhird hngs, why MiiYiiy - h'tn, wa .itiytSlightly nmrk tho liirht-hnnd molodv.iyepsoam11fi hie ir elite I fond t-ht icenhk'- 1 r- itzl:zzKzi-.tzzz9- "y-1-xJf L(LzBlm- - en. My lov'd ono! Fare - wih - l. JItrz - llfb . shr! a - - dc'" Pcd.INibli-hed by AMERICAN" MELODV CO . X..w Vrk.zzqzzzzzzzz-zzzrzzzzzzf MzLzzzjz--zz: 5zzzzzzEzzzz ft zzzzzzzzzj -zz zzzzz- lL- -.- j - f ,1-rrzrzzz.uPed. tIM VOLKSTONCurtis & Overby,BARBERS,Successors to Carl Crawford!3 Olaairs 3All White Parbers,Hot and Cold Baths.The Public Patronage Respectfully Solicited.Curtis & Overby.John White & CoLOUISVILLE, KY.Established 1837Highestmarkctprice paid& FURSand HIDES.WOOLI COMMISSIONQKRoCBkMkkJKIKJxRM;WK rwi SM !flKRI5psCHOLERAKILLSCharles Mason Forsyth,AUCTIONEER.Don't 'et this mostdestructive of allinfectious diseasesget a "grip" onyour flock.A few drops ofOifers his services to the people of tBourbon and surrounding counties.Satisfaction guarantee or no charge i""to- ...Uw.Specialty made of Live Stock, RealEstate and Bank Stock.Twenty-five 3'ears experience.Orders left at The Bourbon Newsoffice will receive prompt, attention.BOURBON POULTRY CUREin the drinking water cures and preventsCholera, LJmberneck, Roup and otherexisting forms of poultry diseases, and putsfowls in prims condition for egg-laying.One 50c bottle mokes 12 gallons of medicine.Every poultry raier should keep a bottlef this medicine on hand.For Sale by W. T. Brooks.,ocWaugMIRRORSRE-SILVEREDBYC. Q. SCHWARZ.Dow BPdg, Opp.Windsor HotelUpholstering,Repairing,Refinishing.I have just received a newline of samples for upholstering covers.Home 'Phone 255.East Tenn. 392.Professional Cards5iC;3ay'.wVyvav5t Afx S-r'- 'One of the Many PopularShapes That We Are Showing.A moderate!7 priced one, too.Jf you are looking for,"The"Hat you'll find it in our present handsome display of smartmilliner'.We have made extra eifortstnis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confideutrf your securing a satisfactoryI urchaso lie re.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Harry E. Mathers,DENTIST,Opposite Frank & Co.Dr. Wm Ketmey,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Oilice .',14 Main Street.- r.i D E- T 130.OJhce Phones J Home mResidenceE. T. 3'.M.Home 334.DB. A. B KELLER,Practicino Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and .", Elk's Bld'gParis, --- - KentuckyJ J. WHililAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elke Building.Special WinterTourist TicketsvrABWgBIOn Sale Daily to Points inAlabama, Central America,Cuba, Florida. C4eorgia, iLouisiana, Mississippi,Mexico, New Mexico,North and South Carolina,Porto Rico, Tennessee andTexas.Long Limited and LiberalStop-Overs.6 2 " .n " ' ' ' -J JM U ' tfTi J. w" T 4At Paris Grand, Friday Night, January 27th.Special Round-Trip Homeseekers' Tickets on Sale 1 st and3rd Tuesdays Each Month toThe West, South West andNorthwest ; also to points inAlabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. For rates, routes, etc., callon write"W. H. HARRIS, Agent,or' D. S. JORDAN. T. A.Jlnnic Eangbprn Hot and CoIdManicuring 35 Cents, I Vt A T fShampooing 25 Cents.Hot and cold bathsWork done promptly and satisfaction Everything neat andguaranteed. barbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.auglKtf East Tenn. Phone 669Sure to Be Rescued.Young woman missing from home Udescribed as one of the best cooks In,Harlem. There should be no troubleorganizing searching parties to go Inquest of a young woman with that record. Now York Herald.Joe. G. Mitchell,Insurance AgentM. A. KAHAL.I Way to hine.The only way to shine, even in thisj false world, is to be modest and uni assuming. Falsehood may be a thickcrust, but in the course of time truthwill find a place to break throughRuskin.Cleaning Brass.The old-fashioned way of cleaning i, brass can not be excelled. Rub the jWrongly Chastised.At Geo. Alexander Co S Bank metal hard with a" paste of rotten j "It sometimes happens that In thisstone and sweet olive oiL Wipe until life we are chastised more severely.Representing Old Reliable Companies, perfectly dry with a piece of fresh for our mistakes than for our ralsInsurance against Fire, Wind and flannel and then polish with dry rot- f deeds." "The Wisdom of Folly." by;Lightning. i tenstone. i Ellen Tbornycroft Fowler,"i our patronacre solicited. , . . , . ' .f;jSjKi. " .12!ftrrjvnf ' :V"V.j;63THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS KENTUCKY, JAN ; 27, 1911.! - - 5 t ;- 5;-HEFree ExaminationOwing to Popular Demand!Free Examinationt?" Gold Filled spectacles PiP and Eyeglasses for w JifIn order to accommodate the many people who could not be waited on this week we have gpIRRffiffiffiHH1dflHHfifca VSBVC .EaPISTE IMIOIFtlE -WEEKThis is without doubt the most sensational and successful sale ever attempted by any firm in Paris, and that it is being appreciated is shown by the hundreds ofpeople who have taken advantage of this great offering, and are being so well satisfied that they are telling their friends about it.MT T P i. C tf1 AA ?0 fitted frame guaranteed for ten years, perfectly fitted to your face, any standard style desired, with yourWW 1111 I till I Id I ill Tll llll vlsIon correcuy ruxea wun me Dest quality lenses tor, reaamg or long distance mat win1 I MM.r M. s v m j m. -jf m.w s vrd style desired, with your A-sr.ooiserve you for years; give you protection and rest for tired eyes, freedom from headacheand eye pains that come from defective vision. In other words $3.50 to $5.00 Gold Glasses for. .Lowest Prices for Prescription and Bifocal Lenses Made to Order. Optical Department Open Until 10:30 p. m. Saturday Evening.Lenses Exchanged Pree of Charge.. Guarantee Givfen With Every Pair Sold,Lenses Guaranteed Against Breakage Por One Year.G. S. VflRDEN & SON, "agistsMain Street,Paris, KentuckyPrescription, Bifocal Lenses, Finger Piece Mounting at Cut Prices. Two expert eyesight specialists to wait on youALL WORK GUARANTEEDi rlefttncky Association Makes Report. The Kentucky Association for theStudy and Prevention of Tjhereulosis their meeting in Lexington Wednes-Tobacco Men Meet in Lexington.It was the sentiment of the Directors of the Burley Tobacco Union, atrcoorta from its returns up to datethat the total iwmber of Chtistmasfcel&s sold in Kentucky last monthwere 249,743 as -against 1G6.091 soldlast year, not including Louisville, agam of more than 73,632. There arcstill a few cities to be heard from.Lexinzton ktands first among theday. that if the Burley Tobacco Society will join in the movement for nocrop this year, the growing of whiteburley tobacco will be entirely suspended during 1911 from the OhioRiver to the Tennessee line.The Burley Tobacco Society is togive its answer to the invitation ex-cities in the number of seals sold with j tended by the Burley Tobacco Union54,100; Paducah 47.300; Owensboro14,626 ; Henderson, no report; Georgetown 13,243; Cynthiana 35,00.These cities all have local AntiTuberculosis Societies and the moneyrealized will be used to fight tuberculosis in tneir respective cities. Betides the above cities there were onehundred and eight towns throughoutthe state who took an active part inthe sale of the little stickers for thebenefit of the State Association. Thetotal receipts from these towns up to Oldham, Pendleton, Shelby, Trimble,date is 113.947. Among the cities selling the largest number were Danville8.4G8; Harrodsburg 7,500; Elizabethtown 6.000: Versailles 5.o09. Middies-at a conference between the ExecutiveCommittees of the two oragnizationsto be held in Lexington February G.The meeting was for the purpose ofhearing reports on pledge in the cutting out campaign, and the following32 counties were represented : Anderson, Boone, Bracken, Bourbon, Bath,Breckinridge, Clark, Carroll, Franklin,Fayette, Grant, Garrard. Harrison,Henry. Lewis, Mason, Montgomery,Madison, Nicholas, Nelson, Owen,Woodford, Washington, Jessaminecounties, Kpntucky; Brown, Adams,Clermont counties, Onio, and Dearborncounty, Indiana.koro 4,293; Paris 3,402; Bowling Green '" An estimate of the reports made3.379; Kulton 2,412; Franklin 2,352; by the representatives of these coun-Maysville 1,836; Mt. Sterling 1,454; j ties showed that approximately 15.0J01 A VI ' anrcc dnnfrnlliKi lio rrfiivttavaShelbyviUe 1,448; Richmond 1,443;Ashalnd 1,400, and Mayfield 1,400.FOR RENT.An oflice of two rooms on Broadtray. Apply toMRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS,23 4t No. 3 Broadway.MISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties.E. Tenn. 'Phone 71G.acres control leu by .growers who hadj been independent of any pooling orgaI nization in the past had been pledged,land that scores of solicitors are stillI out with their books.On motion of Ward Headlc-y President June Gayle appointed .lams F.I Middleton, A. W. Hamilton and P. 0.I Minor a committee to confer with the1 Executie Committee of the BurleyTobacco Society with a view to comjbiningthe two organizations in theJ cut out movement. This committeevisnea uie onices oi the isurley Tobac-Richmonl, Ky., resulted in great enthusiasm being manifested in favor ofthe elimination Jplan. More than 300signatures ot prominent growers weresecured to a pledge that was circulated to effect a 1911 cut-out while Chairman A. J. House, of the Madison county contingent, says that a sufficientmajority will be secured in his countyto swing the coming meeting at Lexington toward a universal pledge notto grow any tobacco in Kentucky thisyear.A call is being circulated from Mt.Sterling, Ky., to the tobacco growersof Montgomery county, urging that allgrowers who wish to raise a crop in1911 be in attendance ac a meeting tobe held in Mt. Sterling on January 28.The petition is being readily signedand it is asserted that a majority Jofthe Montgomery county operators haveannounced themselves to be opposed tothe cut-out policy for the coming year.The petition that is being circulatedamong the growers states that it isbelieved that the policy of the Burley IUnion in cutting out the JiJllcrop doesnot meet with the wishes of thepeople, nor will it rebound to the bestinterests of Montgomery ! county. Thecoming meeting will determine whether or not hundeds of acres will be setwith tobacco for 1911 in that section.Base Ball Notes.The Maysville team is getting busylooking forwara,to the opening of thebase ;ball season, and has booked agame with the Cincinnati Reds. Theexhibition ga.ne will be played in thatcity on April 9. Prospects for theMaysville club are very bright thisseason.Paris base ball fans are beginningnow t3 count the days until the opening of the base ball season, and a considerable number are wonderine whatsort of an aggregation the Bourboniteswill be when they get duwn to the realthing. There is lots of room for speculation as the roster of the Paris clubhas been almost depleted.With the disposal of Milton McCormick a few days ago to the Albany,Ga., club, Paris is left with only twoof the pitchers thatjeomposed the staffof last year's champions. Harold andPoole are the only two remaining, andaccording to information a deal is onwhereby another club is to take overJimmy Poole, and which if consummated will leave Paris only one of thetwirlers that piloted the club to victory last season.The Bourbonite infield will in allprobability this season be the same aslast, but the outfield has suffered anirreparable loss when Ksiser wasTHEATRICAL."THE WOLF ' TO-NIGHT.That immense scene in "The Wolf,"which comes to the Grand tonight, inwhich a duel takes place before theaudiance but on a stage so dark thatyou can't tell which man js g'ettingthe worst of it begins then comesa fall, a deadly silence. One is killed.But which, the hero or the villain?And then a light flashes and you seewhat you see. Its not only the oigscene of the play, but the biggest,strongest and greatest scene ererplaced on any stage. Reserved seatsat Mitchpll & Blakemore's. Prices 25cents to $1.00.Parisian Elected President.Mr. W. H. Harris, ot this city, waslast week at a meeting of the directorso f thf Parks Hill Assembly, heldin Carlisle, elected as president of theassembly. W. I.Dorsey was electedvice president and I. B. Ross, secretary and treasurer. The Board of Directors is composed of W. H. Harris,Dr. J. Banta Glenn, H. M. Taylor, I.B. Ross and W. I. Dorsey. Mr. H.M. Taylor, who has served as manager of the Assembly for several vearswith much succes;Rural Carriers to Get Increase.The postoflice apDropriation billpassed the House Tuesday. By anamendment added just before the finalvote was taken the rural free deliverycarriers are to receive an increase of$100 per year. The bill will affect theeight rural route carriers now employed in Bourbon county. The carriersare now receiving $900 per year.that position.rrmluargoien s.The tobacco situation in Harrisonco'inty is complicated. There was ameeting at the court house in Cynthiana Monday afternoon of those favoring cutting out the 1911 crop. Themeeting was largely attended. Former Senator E. K. Renaker presided.County Chairman Paul Kimbrough, ofthe cut-out movement, stated thatpetitions were being circulated inevery precinct in the county, and whilehe hadn't a repoit from all of the solicitors, between .'.,000 And 4,000 acreshad been signed for a cut out in 1911.On the other hand, a petition f is inJru circulation throughout the courty pro-ICOIIIIJ, U,UlliOb HIS tui-uui, IIJUV VlJlCliland favoring growing a crop this ysar.Lee Rawlins, one of the Jpaders oftnat movement, stated tnat uu grow-against thein lavor or growing acrop this year. They will representI u.uuv ui.ii..i. iwaniuia amtcu iu.. I. L:ilrujr j were signed toj co bociety, sized up the situation to. President LeBus and his conferees and; asked them to come in.President LeBus said that he wouldlike to see a little more strength inthe independent rar ks and suggestedbeoruary 0 as the date on whichBurleyilobacco Society would give itsanswer. This was acceptable to thecommittee from the Burley Tobaccowiiiuu. . . . .,,. .:-,-i Pi-ficMrtnf r:o.lQ nr, Q;r P 4-U: -13 1Jau a'KUVti IJlUieffUIlK'.J ",T .:.i " Vul :: . cut-out. and in favorI icjjuii, uil-u an ui tut: leprtsuniatives to have theu counties completelv pununccofl finH ttio rIorljcr I- K.'thflfrfif J b i were signed to date. At a meeting II The Directors adopted a resolution I voSd tou-oSr Si 5" CUnty. inrmrfiimr rhp Siill nf S-natn,. Rnl,.- VOtptl to CUt OUC the 1Jil crop.I L. Taylor, of Tennessee, to put tobacj co on the pure food list and urging'Kentucky Se-nators and "Representa-tives in Congress to use ail properI efforts to secure its passage.HAS NO SUBSTITUTELamb,Beef,Pork,' Veal.Fish Dressed toOrder.IMargolen,!A recent meeting of the tobacco. growers of Washington countyresulted 'in resolutions being adopted urging the' county to redue its 1911 acreage at' least 50 per cent. In the same jresoluI tions every Burley society in the Statej was urged to do the same and a com'mitteewill proceed from Springlieldi to attennd the State meeting at Lexj ington and attempt to swing the as, semblage toward the cut-out plan.I Owing to the fact that Ward Headley, who was expected to address themeeting of tobacco -growers in Versailles Monday afternoon, failed to arrive the meeting was not held. Alarge crowd of farmers was present.Interviews with a number of tobacco growers showed that the sentimentis very much divided in Woodford onthe question of cutting out this years'tcbacco cio-3.ROYAl" fellSE BkK 'IIIUtemKraMM&MlHM?QS'9ltr.aBHiU- ' -i - MEARN$75 to $1 25 MonthFo'.der. Y. M. C. A.Cincinnati, Ohio.FIVE MEN WANTED To beChauffers,Repairers or De'monstrators. Personal attention, nptnnl fmiairnrirr nnrl ,!..:..:.,Complete course. Five weeks dav or ten wfik Pvpninrr uvfo 'AUTOMOBILE SCHOOL, (583 Walnut Street,an27feb3Paris,. Ky.that the attitude toward the cut-out Spolicy in regard to the 1911 Kentuckytobacco crop is widely differant in various portions of the state is evinced bythe fact that, on January 21. a 'reviewmueuiJK ui ine lnuepenaenc tooaccogrowers ol LMadison county, held atjAKIK3POWDERAbsolutely PureThm only baking pomfermad from Royal GrapaCream of TartarNOALUMJNUMEPfMSPHATEdrafted bv Chicago at the clQS nf fh . wAn. m.uc" success was again chosen toseason of,1910. Goodman is the onlymember of the pennant winning club nathat will occupy a position this year'in the outer garden. (Before the ti ne arrives for the play- Iera to repurt xiuwtver, tne .rans man-agement will have a number of plai-'ers ready tor trie tryout. PresidentBacon is dauy receiving, letters frommen all over the country asking for atryout when the season opens. Hestates he has his eye on a number kvho 'have been recommended to him as' be-1ing first-class in the profession, and isnow in communication with half adozen good Ditchers with whom he willprobably contract before the call ofspring.Of the number he has under consideration some are new in professionalbase ball, but have been recommendedas timber of'the most promising sort.The player limit adopted by the directors of the Blue Grass League at themeeting held in this city last fall, will,however, restrict each club to twelvemen. This fact in connection with thesalary limit that was increased at thesame time will compel and in themeantime assist the club in procuringthe best material this season. So theplayer who cannot come up to the requirements may expect the pinkticket.Winning the pennant last year issure to work a hardship to Paris thisyear. Patrons of the game are veryhard to please and if ihe club does notat the beginning play pennant winning!nan, tnere is certain to ue a howl goup from all quartets. Winchester andFrankfort suffered in an identicalmanner last seasnn and the season before, when they were succrssful inthe pennant race. While it is notprobable that Paris will prove an exception, yet there is a hope that suchwill not be the case.In spite nfthe fact that many of thegood men on the club last season were jsold or went by the draft route, the Ilocal management will have a club'this season that will equal any in theleague. We have the nucleus andthere is ample time in which to makeselections for the few vacancies.NOTICE TO CREDITOKS.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.SamanthaWalls'A3signee,etc..PIaintifFvs.Her creditors, etc.. Defendant?.NOTICE.All persons having claims, crentecr"prior to the 29th day of November1909, against Mrs. Sarnantha Walla orher assigned estate, are notified lhatthey must present same to the undersigned properly proven, prior to theloth day of February, 1911. or thesame will be barred by the order orthe court.RUSSELL MANN.M. C. Bourbon Circuit Court.20 ot eottmrIII A Proclamation To You.CLINT0NVILLE ITEMS.! Sui vices at the Clintonville jChristian chruch next Lord's Day, 'jaruary zv, uy .Ciiuer a, aanuers as'follows: 11 a. m., "Jehosaphat'sCampaign of Edueath n in all the!cities of Judea." 7 p. m., "When theDevil Leaves Angels Come." 10 a. fm., Bible school, Newton Shropshire,Superintendent. fi:30p. m., song and!prayer service. 7 p. m.t Saturday.Loyal classes meet at the homeBrother A. S. Thompson.in Announcement of Low Prices.Wc can save you money on dependablemerchandise. We simply ask you tocall at our store, get our prices and compare them with the prices you may haveon same goods, and you will then beconvinced that our prices are lowest.FORD & CO.Paris, Ky.TJ--Qtrn&&&&&4i&&&fy&fyfyfytyfyslr$tIVi)5'1tfc".5 -THE BOURBON tNEWS, PARIS; r KEIPUCKY, JAN; 2?, 111,(: &HE BOURBON NEWS.ffgfev$ 7PE1SONAL MENTION.Mrs. Harry Simon is'visitingtives in Cincinnati.rela-GOODS OF QUALITYEVERYTHING FIRST-CLASSStated Conclave.There will be a stated conclave ofur de Lion Commandery. No. 2fi,T., on Friday, January 27, 1S11, ati 'clock p. m.Spring Floor Covering.Sfe A. F. Wheeler &. Co.'s-naow diEplay on Monday, JanMr. John Woodford is quite illfrom an attack of grippe.Mrs. R. K. McCarncy has as herguest, her mother, Mrs. S. J. Turney,of Cynthaina.Mrs. Geo. R. Davis, wlio has benj quite ilj tiom an attack of appendicitis' is improving.i Miss Anna Wright', who has beenI quite ill from an attack of the grippe,is improving.j Miss Janette Locknane as herj guest at her home near this city thisi week. Mr. S. C. Qarnett. of London.large' Pfof Aibert H Morehead left1 Tuesday nigt for Lexington and Cincinnati where he will take part inj several private musicals.MATRIMONIAL.Comes From Panama to SecureChildren -Mrs. Mattie Rogers, through her at- Mr. and Mr?. Albert S. Thompsontui-ney, D. D. Cline, had issued from j announce the engagement of theirthe BourbonCounty Court a writ of daughter, Blanche Bledsoe, to Mr.dateIlfeAnnouncehabeas corpus to gain possession ofher two children, Charles Gray, aged13 years, and Lucian v Gry. aged 11years, now in possession of her divorced husband, Milton Gray, of this county.The case was to have had a hearingIsaac Cunninghamfor the wedding isflpley. TheFebruary 15.Custodians Appointed.Dorabefore Judge Denis Dundon yesterday Ayers,Scott, white,colored, haveand Shermanreceived theirCottage Sold.Wm. Willett through the real estate Mrs- Sich B . wfa has beenscents. Harris &Spwkes sold a cot-. onavisit oE several inonths to herraire on Lilleston avenue to Prof. F.M. Wood, colored, for $1,000.Eggs ofi Again.All you wantt IS cents.C. P. COOKCO.Will Lecture in London.Elder Carey E. Morgan, of Paris,ill deliver his illustrated lecture onhs trip to the Holy Land in London,,y., commencing February &Fresh Fish.daughter, Mrs. Harry Kerslake. returned Wednesday to her nome in Mcintosh, Fla.j Brigadier General and Mrs. Jamesi R. McCracken, of Newport, will arrive5 Sunday to be the guests of BrigadierjGeneial and Mrs. Louis Mussinon atj their home on South Main street til)Wednesday. General MeCracken willgo to Lexington Tuesday on officialbusiness.Fresh lish today and tomorrow,rlone us your order early.T. LENIHAN.Social Session Tonight.1 he Paris Lodge of Elks will hold afecial session at their club -ooms-be Elks buildimr this evening.rtyal good time is in store for all who.r.tend and members .are urged to bei'rttent.Fresh Cheese.Just arrived, imported Swiss, brick.Pimento, Roquefort, Long Horn anderecm cheese.T. LENIHAN,Robneel Grocrey.Will Sue County Judge.Attorney P. A. Thompson, counselfor George Brown and Berkley Jacobytwo Paris negroes, will file a damage(suit today against Judire N. H.i McNew, County Judge of Nicholas' county, for false imprisonment,i The two negroes went to Carlisle.a I recently with a number of horses, them c property of M. J. Murphy, of thisA pifv ?nH flmnntr tVm nnnihor thara wnu"-. t w. ...w .......uw.. I.IIUIV. n uaa pony. The pony was sold to Judge jMcNew lor $101), who gave his check,the payment of which was stopped until he could determine the condition ofhia purchase.Later, it is alleged, he declined to, take the animal at the price first askj ed and made an offer of $75 for thepony, which was declined, the negroesreturning the check and taking posses' sion of the pony. Before they couldFWatfpc tn firnrprv Rirsinpss ! lave Carlisle they were placed underLngages in urocery ousmess. !arrest charBed with horse stealingMr. Dunlap Howe, formoriy of Paris , and confined in the Nicholas countyand the father of Mr. Juilan Howe, jail.of this city, has embarked in the groc-ery business in Carlisle. Mr. Howe Carpets, RugS and Mattings.was lormeriy the proprietor oi theWindsor Hotel in this city.but was postponed until this afternoon. The children, whose possessionMrs. Rogers .seeks to gain throughlegal processes were brought intocourt and, the meeting was verypathetic. Mrs. Rogers came all theway from panama to gain the custodyof her childrenThe circumstances in connectionwith the case date back several years.Mrs. Rogers, before her marriage toGray, was Miss Mattie Pryor, a daughter of Arthur Pryor, of Woodfordcounty.To the union two Rons, over whichthere is now legal contentionfor ' theirpossession, were born. In 189H shesecured a divorce from Gray. Theaction was taken in the Harrison Circuit Court and by the decree no provision was made for the father to havecustody or see his children.Five years later Mrs. Gray was married tu W. D. Rogers and the couplemoved from the state to Panama,where Rogers is at present in the employ of the government 'in the construction of the canal.When Mrs. Rogers took her departure, Charles, the eldest son, wasgiven to the care of his grandfather,Noah Gray, of this county, and Lucianwas sent to Cincinnati to reside withhis uncle, Lucian Pryor.A few weeks ago. Milton Gray, thefather, went to Cincinnati and securingpossession of his youngest son broughthim to Paris.Apprised of the fact" by her brother,in Cincinnati who instituted a searchfor the boy, Mr. Rogers hastened tothe United States to secure, if possible, possession of her two sons. Mr.Gray has retained Hon. E. M. Dicksonas his attorney.appGintmentslas custodians of the Federal Building in this city. There weretwo other applicants.EdisonPhonographsComfort andhalf atCut in Half.blanket prices cutSee A. F. Wheeler & Co. 's spring, snowing oi carpets, rugs ana mattings tne aitections ot a'next Monday, January 30, in their had been payingi large window.inJ. T. HINTON'S.Two Hoboes Are Jailed.Private Detective H. W. Bowman.crLft.i i of the L. &. N. railroad and Patrolmanocnooi i Chas B Thomas, took into custodyWednesday afternoon as they alighted,r, .. - 0 , . ( from the "blinds" of a northboundThe examinatiun of Common School , passenger train. Charles Dickson, agraduates will be held Friday and hat-. 0rrft :..... rvnthisno h?c h.m.and Thomas Stuart, a white man of! Danville.j When the men alighted from thepassenger train at the L. & N. depot! they were accosted by Detective Bow-!man. The men showed a dispositionto resist the officer and one of them j! drew a slungshot. Detective Bowmancovered the man with a revolver. IPatrolman Thomas arrived at , this!.juncture and searching the other man 'found concealed on his person a weap-;on like that of his companion.They were taken before Judge E. B. IJanuary where they were each fined$25 and costs and given a sentence of ;ten days in jail. 'Negro Women in Lively Scrap.Mary Holmes and Sarah Williams,two women of color were in PoliceCourt Wednesday morning. Both werecharged with breach of the peace andJudge January assessed a fine of $10 ineach case. The wdmen were engagedin a lively scrap on Eighth street, thedifficulty resulting from the efforts ofthe Williams woman, it is said, to wincolored man, whosome attention toMary Holmes. They were arrestedby Constable G. N. McKinney.Examination oi CommonGraduates.urday, January 27 and 23 at ithe officeof Miss Mabel Robbins, County SchoolSuperintendent, in the court house inPris.Dressed Chicken and Fish.t oiuutraI Wra))edCakesMake Home Baking a Wasteful Extravagance.Nice dressed chickens and fresh fishof all kinds for today and tomorrow.1 honhe us your order,T. LENIHAN.Deposit Bank Officers.Te Board of Directors of the Deposit Bank at a recent meeting electedtne following oiHcers :Prpsident Joseph M. Hall ;Vice President Robert J. Neely ;Cannier Clarence K. Thomas ;Bookkeeper George Doyle and FayArdery.Bouillon Cubes.Nothing finer for the sick.FEE'S.IAs a starter, try SILVERSLICE CAKE, 10c. Soldin wax paper packages.Not a speck of lard usedAll good butter.Edison FiresidePhonographs withCygnet Horn - $27Plain Horn $22Easy Payments if Desired.Victor Talking Machines,Kodaks, Photo Supplies.Daugberty BrosW. Ed. Tucker'sm January Clearance SaleS Muslin Underwear and White Sale,I Begins Monday, Jan. 23,Ends Saturday, Jan. 28.See Big Advertisement on AnotherPage.IW. Ed. Tucker.IFEFSCUT RATESPECIALSnIsIMACKEREL Fancy White Irish Mackerel 8 1 -3cThe regular 12 l-2c grade Our priceRiCE Extra Fine Jap Rice, equal to the kind you pay 6c10c for Our priceFLOUR First Patent, per 100 lbs.50 lbs. $1.45, 24 lbs. 75o, 12 lbs. 40c.High Grade Patent, per 100 lbs,50 lbs. $1.40, 24 lbs. 70c, 12 lbs. 35c.WASH BOARDS, High grade Brass Boards Each 25cEGGS Not the Cold Storage kind, but the fresh 20cCountry Eggs, per doz.$2.90$2.75PEAS Fancy Early June Wisconsin Pack,15c value Our priceJ OILBest grade of Headlight OilOur Price per gal.10c10ciSESLIDOM,IF EVER, HAVE YOU SEEN OR HEARD OF.nElected as Bank Official.The Charleston. W. Va., Gazette,of!Comet Pictures.Two exceptionally good pictureplays will be presented at the CometTheatre this aftprnoon and evening,"In Life's Cycle," a Biograph film,and a ureat Selig comedy, "Mr. FourFlush."The Last Day.Tomorrow,FOR SALE.SlAOlXBarS$ Roll top "desk, dining room chairsand three tables. Apply toE. H. BUANNON,Turf Exchange Cafe.Saturday, is the last dayrecent issue, contained an extended of the great Shoe Sale. Don't missnotice of an election of officers of the the great shoe bargains.Capitol City Bank, of that place.Amonj: the ceffiers elected were Mr.J. C. Morrison, well known in thiscity, who was chosen as president ofthe institution. Mr. Morrison's wifewas a Miss Butler, daughter of Mr.nd Mrs. J. E. Butler, of this city.DAN COHEN.To Whom It May Concern.Master's SaleOF-MapleSyrup andFlour.Country Maple Syrup, FerndellMaple Svrup and Buckwheat ilcur.. k. COOK & CO.Arranges for Electric CurrentIt is with pleasure that I am enabled jto announce to the housekeepers and 'Paris people generally, as well as thefarmers of Bourbon county and elseBlickwheat where, that owing to improved conditions and my arrangements with cer- j1 tain supplv houses on a more reasona-!ble basis than heretofore, that on andafter January 2i Thursday of thisweek I will be able to supply themwith regular meals, for spot cash only,at 25 cents for breakfast, dinner or123 Acres of BourbonCounty Land.supper. At rne present rate oi an , of salc made an(1 entered in thecommouities, tms is an unnearu-oi pop- j styled action at ;the Novemberx'i...:ii "'" I"-- "' "-" ,,.. ...v. ....v.1 liJw wtY-ltir4-Arl rc?4-o VIi?rrA 4- PiirtltUUUUIU tll V:43UlUUwUUiV.IIL, 14IIhas long been known to be, and I amproving my honestyBy the terms of a deal closed between the Paris Electric Light Company and the LouisviJIe &lailroad the former will furnish the, ...:.. 4. x-. ,' lantcurreniiuroiwaunginu new ,, .-tuIUS T11.nv;ncr mv hrmodv n,ltelephone system of dispatching trains sincerity of nirposef the same "will be Ion this division of the road. New and , . ,ik. M..:fwi a.. .,i i. uiuai viuiv tiuwicLiaicu. .-nil instilBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Lizzie Reeves' Administratrix, etc.,vs. . PalintifTs,Alberta Reeves, etc.. Defendants.By virtue of a judgment and orderaboveterm.1910. of the Bourbon Circuit Court.aS mine . f Un iinrlrfi(rnoH Mietaf r.mlnAbill UIIUV-lUlf,U-U illJOkl.1 UUIllllllOSlUIICiof the Bourbon Circuit Court will, onpowenui machinery nas just oeen installed by the lighting company forthrs purpose at its plant eppesile theL. k N. passenger depot.Greatly Reduced Prices.Wall paper at greatly reduced pricesMonday, February 6, 1911,J. T. H1NTONS'.charged will be at the present rate of!40 cents. I at the courthouse door ir Paris, Ky., IWe will, as usual, serve a special I about the hour of 11 o'clock a. 1m., sell 'Sunday night supper at the same figure, at public auction to the highest andso housekeepers, especially those who best bidder, on a credit of six anc'are troubled with tardy servants and J twelve months for equal parts of thethe personal cares of housekeeping, can j purchase money, the land described in( regale themselves with a sumptuous re-i said judgment and ordered to be soldpast for less money than they could in this action, to-wit: Igo out and purchase the raw materials. ' "A certain tract of land situated in iine nnest couee ooiainume, macie in . uournon county, iventucKy, near Kud-i the latest improved Chicago urn and ' dies Mills, containing 123 acres and 7always fresh, with good cream. 5 cents, j poles of land. Beginning at a stakethe1 The best home-made biead, with first' on the bank of Hinkston creek on linetwo ' class butter, 5 cents; eggs any style, , with lowest vegetation as far an itOur ; 10 cents, including omelet; two pork . follows the creek, being station 12, asthe creek meanders N 7 V 84.68. N GW 25.27 poles, N 7A W 20.60 poles, N26 1-4 E 14.75 poles, N 54 E 20 poles,Lecture on Tree and Bird Prolection.Mr. John Davey will lecture ateurt house Saturday afternoon atii'nlnplf r.n tlio ' Prntil inn nfIrers and Birds." and Pans will keep chops 2" cents, with bread and butter;o, en house for everyone interested in I round steak, bread and butter 20 cents;i.ur Kentuckv good lands. I oysters, any style, per half-dozen 20Press notices of Mr. Davey have cents; toast, a y style, 10 cents; hamhven very flattering. The Charleston I and eggs 25 cents, with bread and butVuier of January 18. says: ter; chocolate J? cents; porter house2 Mr. Davey lectured here under the J steak, chicken, fish, lamb chops, etc.,ausnices f the Chamber of Commerce will be served at the very lowest pricesia-hered consistent witn ine ma rite i.t the largest audience ever gatheredr.t he Charleston Museum. He heldl,i absorbed interest of his hearersuid gave practical suggestions reagrd-'"g local conditions."Paris has no Civic or Commercialiub. but it vs believed the audienceMurday will prove her not withoutvie pride.N 84 E 17.40 poles, S52 E 14.66 poles.S 72 E 34.85 poles, S 813 E 26.48 poles,N 75 E 3.33 poles to East side of stonefence ; then leaving the creek S 51 E95.21 poleH to a post) corner to Mrs.Collins: thence S 82? W 153.94 polesRead the Advertisement.tUt'ad J. T. Hinting display ad.-o ing cutireductions en a lot ofksecs.BizaddWhen vou patronize this house you i to the beginning."can feel assured that you are consum- ' The purchaser willwholesome ofinir not onlv the mostfoods, but equally as digestible, andthat you have the free use of ea-ychairs in the office and daily papers andmagazines, as well as the comfort ofan inviting, commodious, convenient,well-ventilated and exceptional diningroom.Court day prices the same as above.25 cents. . 'GEO. H. CROSDALE.be required toexecute bonds with good surety, bearing interest at the rate of six per centper annum from day of sale until paid,payable to the undersigned MasterCommissioner.. RUSSELL MANN,Master Commissioner Bourbon Circuit. Court. ,TALB0TT & WHITLEY,Attorneys.xM. F. KENNEY, Auctioneer;INote Them Buy Them You Save MoneyThese reductions are real and not a lot of hot air. These pieces are reducedbecause they are odd pieces and we must have the space they occupy.3 pieces in Early English, Bench, Rocker and Chair,Price was $18, reduced to $l3.0Oti Golden Oak Side Board, Price was $iS, reduced to $12.50i Imitation Mahogany Chair, Upholstered in Satin Damask,Price was 13.50, reduced to $8.75i Imitation Mahogany Corner Chair, Upholstered in Satin Damask,Price was $6.50, reduced to, $3.901 Corner Chair, finished in Real Golden Leaf, Upholstered in SatinDamask, Prica was $15, reduced to $9.751 Corner Chair, finished in Real Golden Leaf, Upholstered in SatinDamask, Price was $22.50, reduced to. $15.001 White Enameled Dresser and Wash Stand, large mirror indresser, Price was $30, reduced to .$19.00t Solid Mahogany Bench, Chippendale Design, Upholstered in SilkHair Cloth, Price was $40, reduced to $25.001 Solid Mahogany Chair, Chippendale Design, Upholstered in SilkHair Cloth, Price was $22.50, reduced to $14.501 Imitation Mahogany Rocker, seat Upholstered in loose plush.Price was $8, reduced tot L $5.503 Piece Imitation Mahogany Parlor Set, in Crushed Plush,Price was $19, reduced to '. $12.801 Golden Oak Combination Sideboard and China Closet,Price was $52.50, reduced to $33.501 Early English Bench, Upholstered in Genuine Leather, vPrice was $20, reduced to ..$11.75t Golden Oak Bench, Upholstered in Geunine Leather, "Price was $1.7, reduced to $11.751 Imported Mahogany Rocker, Upholstered in Green Plush", "seatand back, was $13 50, reduced to. $8.001 Imported Mahogany Rocker, Upholstered in Green plush, seat"and back, price was $12.50, reduced to $7.75t Arm Chair, Imitation Mahogany, loose cushion seat, .price was $13, reduced to $6.751 Early English Ary Chair, seat and back in Genuine Leather,price was $15, reduced to $7.00Blanket and Comfort Prices Cut in Half.All of these Articles Are to Be Seen in Our Windows Don't Miss This OpportunityJ. T. HINT0N.)(ffiHBMttHHWMflBHMfaHHiffiKlli mX ft--'! IH '61 'i "vft-H "fr -. ',4 h3 1IIi,J.i.. -1 1v,-jnIt-.ifiUr'ni i jij, tmmjf jt1 - '-w"winc.LY, JAN. 27, Ifll.sU,V J,- w, I..1VnNI.'i';mr 91' i ' '"EC. ' WstsMttftr Ckiates 'TUBULAR BELL CHIMEThe Herschede Hail Clock as a timepiece,tubular chime, and an article of furniture forhome, office, or institution, appeals alike toutility, refinement, and musical taste. Theperfect movement insures correctness of time;the solid oak or mahogany case, with classicliftes, conforms to good taste; and the melodious tubular chimes, sounding the hours andquarters after the peals of Whittington orWestminster, serve as a pleasing reminder ofshe passing hour. The fifty styles give amplechoice in design, size, and price, all showingthe mob's phases in the dial arch. We aresales afents for The Herschede Hall ClockCo. of this city, and will send illustrated catalog oa request.Gifts by Mail. You can purchase giftsof Diamonds, Sterling Silver, Sheffield Plate,Gold aad Silver Jewelry, Mantel Clocks, Etc,through our Correspondence Department atmoderate prices. Correspondence solicited.SUrarsalths Jewelers GoldsmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Harftckttde Building, Fourth Street, East,Cincinnati, Ohio$75 to $7501Did You Ever Think It Over?That a man can do what is right in any kind of business. Six yearsaero, when 1 first came to this citv. vou had parties in the same line of, my business that did about ten per cent, of the business I am doingto-day.Do You Know the Reason Why?It's because I give one and all that deals with me asquare, honest deal. I owe my success in business to the fact that ,1always give correct, honest weight and the highest market price.IF YOU EVER WAVE ANYscrap iron, metals, rubber, rags, hides, tallow, furs, etc., to offer, seeme before selling. If you will call by phone or leave your order I villgladly send my wagons for junk to.any part of the city or county.MAX MUNICK,Eighth St., Paris, Ky'HIRED APPLAUSE.Thf Grtat RachtJ Mad tKa ClaqueEarn Its Monty.Speaking of applause in theaters, atheatrical man relates the followingconcerning the great actress Rachel;"It seems that upon a certain opening night Rachel received enthusiasticapplause, but on the second liight itwas so noticeably slim that the actressfelt deeply grieved and bitterly complained that the claque was not doingits duty. The leader of the hired 'applause makers' on hearing of her displeasure wrote her a letter in which heendeavored to excuse himself from anyblame." 'Mademoiselle I cannot remain under the obloquy of a reproach fromsuch lips as yours he began. 'Thefollowing is an authentic statement ofwhat really took place: At the firstrepresentation I led the attack in person not less than thirty-three times.We had three acclamations, four hilarities, two thrilling movements, fourrenewals of applause and two indefinite explosions. In fact, to such anextent did we carry our applause thatthe occupants of the stalls were scandalized and cried out a la porte!" 'My men were positively exhaustedwith fatigue and even intimated to methat they could not again go throughsuch an evening. Seeing such to bethe case, I applied for the manuscript,and after having profoundly studiedthe piece I was obliged to make up mymind for the second representation tocertain curtailments in the service ofmy men.'"The writer thus goes on at somelength to assure the actress he willtry to make- future amends and requests her to believe in his profoundadmiration." Exchange.'To a Flanders 20 is Credited the Most Remarkable, Dnduranee Feat of the Season of 1910.ivA stock car left Quebec, Canada, June 6th, and after an uninterruted jurney of 4,128 miles,arrived at Mexico City, August 3rd.JP One of the first of the 1911 models to reach the Pacific Coast, a four passenger "Suberban, won a unique distinction by theLongest Non-Stop Run in the Annals of Motordom.The motor was started December 2nd, and was run continuously, not even stopping whent.LY? at rst tekmg on supplies. On December 28th the car passed the former recordof 10,974.4, continuing to traverse the streets of and roads of Los Angeles until it had Iplacedthe figures at a point out of reach of all competition for years to come.Later, on December 30th, the car's record wrs 10,872 miles. The run was under theauspices ot the Automobile Association of Southers California, and observer from which wasalways on the car, day and night.Flanders Cars are among the cheapest to maintain, the actual running expenses at thepresent price of tires, being less than 3 per cent, per rrile. For sale byBourbon Garage and Supply Co.East Tern. Phtne 374.(22oct-lmo)TALKING IN FIGURES.J.Twin Bros.Announce TheirJanuaryOlearance HSignificance of Certain Numbers In theTelegraphers' Code."In tlie telegraphers' code numbersbare special significance of which tbegeneral' public Is not aware," remarkeda veteran key nigbt tbe otber day."Most everybody knows that 30means 'good night' or the end of astory, but few outside the professionknew that 31 is also a code sign. Railroad operators, however, know thatthis call is a signal to the operator attbe otber end to come back and repeattrain signals to tbe sending operator.It also has another meaning, 'Trainorder to be signed by conductor andengine driver.' Nineteen, on the otherhand, means that tbe train order is notto be signed by conductor or enginedriver. Twenty-four has also the latter significance on some roads."Five is simply an interrogationpoint and in the vernacular could botranslated 'Anything doing? Thirteensignifies 'Do you understand? Twenty-fivemeans 'busy,' but nobody seemsto know how it came to have that significance unless perhaps it means thatthe operator is still in the midst of hiswork, being some distance away from30."Seventy-three means 'best regard.'and newspaper men and operators employ this expression constantly. Ofcourse 23 has come to mean in thisnumerical language just what it doesin ordinary parlance, 'skiddoo 'vamoose' or 'butt out' or any of the thousand and one other equivalents." NewYork Herald.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number ot peodle killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, evenfood. But grand protection is afforded by Electric Bitters, which destroyand expel these deadly disease germsfrom the system. That's why chills,fever and ague, all malarial andmany blood diseases j ield promptlyto this wonderful blood purifier. Trythem, and enjoy the glorious healthand new strength they'll give you.Money back it not satisfied. Only 50cat Oberdorfer's.PORSaturday, 14th,On Ladies' and Misses' Suits, Cloaks, Skirts,Furs, Shoes, Millinery, Skirts, Drygoods, Dressgoods, Silks, Blankets, Etc.TWIN BROS.,Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyStill Going On!The Governor's Quick Wit.While talking to a former governorof Illinois, who was noted for thequickness of his wit. an English tourist spoke with special fervor of a sightbe bad seen in another state."I attended a Sunday service forthe inmates of the state prison." hosaid.' "and I learned that of the 203persons now confined there all buttwelve voluntarilj' attend religiousservices hold in the prison chapel twiceeach Sunday.''"Most extraordinary.' said the governor musingly. "I am sorry to say itis not so with us. But then." he added soberly, "in Illinois. 3011 see, mostof tbe respectable people do not cometo prison." Lippincott's.Million Dollars for the Growers.Through its Executive Committeethe Burley Tobacco Society of Lexington has issued official announcementthat there will be on Saturday, January 28, a 20 per cent distribution offunds to the growers throughout theentire burley district of Kentucky,Ohio and Indiana who have tobacco inthe 1909 pool. This is the first distribution of funds securing from thesale of pooled tobacco since the 1909pool was formed, and the announcement has greatly elated the g-owersof the district. Approximately $1,000,000 in cash will be distributed amongthe growers.VWW'WWVWM'rtW'rtmVHWWVVkiIC, R. TURNER(Successor to C. R. Turner & Co.)DEALER INGOOD COAL.Now is the time, during the early season, to fill yourcellar or coal house to meet the requirements of the coldweather sure to come this wiuter. My prices are low forthe very best coal. Ynur orders respectfully solicited.C. R. TURNER(In rear of Dow Block, Opposite Hotel Windsor, Paris, Ky.)East Tenn. Phone 58.A Pertinent Question."Papa," queried small Lola, whowas watching the sun rise, "where Idoes the dark go when daylight !comes?"wmmfmmmmmRmm,mmmhWREnds Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trou-lhie. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains, !red and rough skins, prove this. But 'such troubles fly before Bucklen'slArnica Salve. A trial convinces. ,Greatest healer ot-burns, boils, piles,cuts, sores, bruises, eczema, sprains. IOnljf 25 cents at Oberdorfer's. !Sign Language.Brown and Jones were having theirusual stroll and had just had a fewminutes' conversation with Kobinson.who was accompanied by his wife.After they had gone on some little distance Brown said to Jones:"Did you notice that Mrs. Robinsonnever said a word?""Oh. yes." said Jones. "You see, she'sdeaf and dumb.""Lucky chap Is Robinson. But I suppose she can talk with her fingers?"asked Brown. t"I think so." replied Jones, "for Robinson hasn't a dozen hairs left on hishead."How's This.We oiler One Hundred Dollars Reward for any case of Catarrh thatcannot be cured by Hall's CatarrhCure.P. J. CHENEY & CO.,Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 1.1 years,and believe him perfectly honorablein all business transactions and financially able to carry out any obligations made by his firm.WALDING. KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon theblood and mucous surfaces of the system. Testimonials sent free. Price75 cents per bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-JJULIUII.I SALE EXTRAORDINARY!Besides Our Regular Stock of High-ClassTkL O JNT XT 3MC E3 3XT T S5We are offering four car loads of new work of beautiful and artisticpatterns of the best grade of materials, guaranteed in every particular. Part of this shipment was ordered last Spring, and hasbeen delayed by labor troubles in the quaries. The other is thestock of of Adams & Wallen, Paris, K3'. This is the largest stockof marble and jranite monuments in the State and the best weever knew to be offered at such prices, all on account of our enforced removal.":Wm. Mams & Son42 N.Broadway, Lexington, Ky.IIOBHMBBIIBoth PhonesDon't Forget theCashRaising SaleIs Still Going on atSettlement Work."Came into a fortuue, didu't he?""Yes, a big one.""What's he doin' these days?""He has become interested in settlemen work.""Well, that ought to keep him occupied for awhile; he owed everybody.1"Houston Tost.99STOVESWe are Still Selling the Same Line None Better ThanTwinBroi iClothing and Shoe Department. HiHarry Simon's Old Stand. ' MHis Night Work.Cynical Friend If the baby is theboss of the establishment and his' mother is the superintendent, prayI what position do you occupy? YounsFather (wearily) Oh, I'm the floorwalker. Baltimore American.Jewelry Galore.Mrs. Iloyle Covered with jewels,isn't she? Mrs. Doyle Yes; It is hard jto tell at first glance whether she belongs to the mineral or animal, king,dom. Life.l Wnnl1 nf nro 1noc mnradamnnntlioi,.. ....v , ..... uw.o u.vr.., .UUW LUUjIwant of knowledge. Franklin. .Endures for AgesSince Superior is a true PortlandCement, ground to dust-like fineness,and with only a fraction of 1 percent, magnesia, its concretes will endure for ages. It is the best PortlandCement made in the world to-dayfor all kinds of work. Every user ofcement should learn more aboutSuperior. Write for our freeSuperior Catechism No. 38Then keep on insisting until yourdealer supplies Superior.Union Trutt Buildiag-, Cwciaamti, Okie.Justus Collins, President,Superior Portland Cemeit Co.fnaileaDleRange!And Certainly None Cheaper.See us for Hardware, Roofing, Pumbs, hand-maderiveted JStove Pipe and all kinds of Cooking Utensials.Give Me a Trial.King Redmon.Main Street, Paris, Ky.I.tr-iA-, ynf mrW .- -;v i - " r---rV &Mfeft-N 'TmM& y :v -? ; ;i,:rr?? ? 7; 'TK - .-. '".'W f l. Vh 3NH 'r -r ..r --HA4 -'"4., - cf, xK Jf t"Vfc"!r. .JJ. "1 - '.aW rJ 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JANi( 23 1911,"XXXXXI'll Tell You Where You Can Save a Dollar--Wouldn't You Like to Know?- At the A. F. WHEELER FURNITURE STORE, the Store that you ought to know,thef Store an acquaintance with which will profit you much.Where goods of quality reasonably priced abound, where you are assured careful. andjpainstaking store service, and all you desire is yours on the easiest payments.Come then, let us show you how well and faithfully we can serve you. Won't you?A Big Cut in Chifforobes,like cut $18.75Buffets at Prices Paris and Bourbon people neverhad before, $12 up to $48.rwsmxIlylyf- P PI 1IU III, mu "ilWilijiLiflBaftINiBSSPMIA COMMON ERROR.The Same Mistake is MadeMany Paris People.bytheIt's a common errorTo plaster the acning back.lo rub with linimentsjoints.When the trouble comes fromkidneys.Doan3 Kidney Pills are for all kidnej ills. ,Here is convincing proof of theirworth :M. T. Coons. 416 S. MillLexington, Ky., says: "For severalmonths I was bothered by attacks ofkidney trouhle. I felt tired nearly allthe time and had such intense backaches that I could not sletp. After Istooped, my back pained me so severely that I could hardly straighten. Itried a number of remedies and usedliniments and plasters but I steadilygrew worse. A fiiend finally told meof Doan's Kidney Pills, saying thatthey cured him of a similar trouble,and acting on his suggestion, 1 procured a box. I received prompt relieffi om their use. Nearly eight yearshave since passed and I have not hadthe slightest return attack of kidneytiouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Renember the name Doan's andt4Ke no other.tm RemfthFWeak BowSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.- McKeeB ro?., of Versailles, refuser! fifty dollars for the bushel of seedc r i that won the sweepstake nrize atthe Lexington Corn show recently.j l 'W sA. P. WHEELER PURINITURE CO.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr. Opp. Court House.Main and Third Streets.XmmEdsall May has purchased of JackTurner his farm of eighty acres nearPlum, Montgomery county, at S107.50per acre, and Mr. Turner bought theninety-acre farm of Rodger Cunch, intne same neighborhood for $6,000.Capt. H. T. Strother, of Winchester, agent for J. A. Frazar, sold to G.W. Donaldson a farm of 65 acres onthe Ruckerville pike, in Clark county,at a private price.A pamphlet on poultry has beenissued by the department kof Agriculture, under the direction of M. C.Rankin, Commissioner, that will be ofinterest to poultry breeders. It willalso be of service to any person whocontemplates entering the poultrybusiness.There are two forms of bodilycleanliness, the external aad tfce internal. The one is for vour oridc isVOUrself: the other for vnnr lif mmArheumatic ' fceaI.tfu Bota are important, bt ofI vastly more importance in tierun is the. internal cleanliness.This is one point that all shoulda-uuui. weir ooay me cieanlina f thebowel3. Keep them clean and fre txmm.obstructions. To do this you nuit fevone or two mot'ements of th bowelcauii iwemy-iour nours. ir yourof . does not do this naturally, in thekxbk, VL euunj? ana annicine" thpn wwobtain aid of some kind. After-out that cathartics, salts and rth ki.relieve you for a day, but bind youwworse than ever the next day. then try asimpler and more natural remedy MkDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin.For the skeptical the best way to k5?n '?, & send y0XXT nsme and address toDr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle.Use it as directed and If it 1 n unlawyou that a brief continuance of Its wmwiii relieve you permanently that ittram the stomach and bowel musclesatu worn naturauy at certain bsaimen ouy k or yoar druffgist at fiftycents and one dollar a bottle, just asmany others are doing. They bega witka sample bottle, then bought a fifty centbottle, and now. fully convinced of Rmerits, they buy the one dollar famlysize. All the members of the family caause It down to the verv youngest.A brief use of this grand laxative tonicwill cure constipation In its worst forai.indigestion, liver trouble, sick headache .sour stomach and such ailments and kmyou In continuous srood health at a Terr "smau cost. Such 13 the exnerienctt fmany families like that oHE?oU!?Fleener. TJnionville. Ind.. J. p. Danielsaron. Tex., and hundreds of others thakcould be named.Dr. Caldwell personally win be pleaseto give you any medical advice you naydesire for yourself or family pertaining fthe stomach, liver or bowels absolutelyfree of charge. Explain' your case in aletter and he will reply to you in detail.For the free sample simply send yourname and address on a postal card orotherwise. For plther request the doctor'saddress Is Dr. W. B. Caldwell, R.500Calawell building. Monticello. DLin the city. The sales of horses andmules were numerous and rall broughtfair prices. One two-year-old mule,brought $185. The most, noticeablefeature, however, was the great number of loads of tobacco, which seemedto be coming from every direction ;Casey, Garrard, Mercer. Lincoln, Boyleand Anderson county farmers beingnoticed nn the breaks. There is agreat rush at all the tobacco housesand room could hardly be found forthe tobacco and horses."-CYNTHIANA COURT. Aof 150 head of cattle were in theket. Six-hundred-pound cattle sold at$5 to $5.50 per hundred ; heavy cattle,according to Quality, at 5.50 to $5.75.A number of milch cows sold fat S62to $35 per head. Sheep sold at $2.50 to IS3. Medium quality nurses sold at $75!to $125 per head. Several good horsesw re sold privately at $180 to $200,Under an opinion of theThe mules at the Hume Clay salevin Clark brought from $350 to $450 apair. The two-year-old mules sold for$250 a pair. The yearling mules soldI at $885 each. . Frank and Harry Claytotal f bought all the yearling colts. All themar-, Snorthnrn oalvps uptp hnnihfc hvMessrs. Renick and Rohb. All thehogs sold for $126, or 9$ cents a pound.The sheep brought $8 a head, and tbafurniture sold for guodjprtces.AttorneyGeneral, a county live stock inspector XrJTilmllu11nn ho r,n?ri . h;a aaina i ,on the firt of the year will have beenthe, stock he inspects is sufferingReduced to Less Than a Milliti.Kentucky's outstanding indeltedneaaof one million six hundred thousanddollars in interest-bearing warrants atre-Have Yon AnyMantle Troubles?t BLOCK INNERUN 5HPATCNTCO-RCGISTEREDImaeiliM outlast six ordinary mantles. Will save 75 on your mantle expense. TWO COMPLEIGAS MANTLES IN ONE. PRICE. 25 CENTS.GET ONE TO TRY WITHOUT COST. Save the box covers from 12 BlocVj-tal-ty Mantles the best 10 and 15-cent grade of mantles sold take them to your dealer,send mem to us, and get a Block Innerlm Lined Mantle free. IFor sale at Hardware, China, Plumbing, Drug. Grocery, and Department Stores. Dealeiwrite for our Descriptive Circular and New Catalogue. iTHE BLOCK LIGHT CO.,(s.ieMin.)Yoimgtown,OhiHeadquarters for Incandescent Mantles, Burners and Supplies of everydecriptia, Cms, Gasoline, Kwos , High Pressure, etcsf bbbkbbIM bsbbbbbbbbbTL. & N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT FEB. 2, 1910. AT 11:59 P. M.No.Have You Tried It?There is a bottle of Cardui waiting for you at thedrug store. Have you tried it?If not, we urge you to do so, before your troubleshave obtained such a hold on you, that nothing will drivethem outEven now, it may be nearly too late. But try it anyhow. If anything can help you, Cardui will. It has helpedin thousands of cases, where other medicines had beentried in vain. Why should it not do the same for you?M CARDUIJ45The Woman's Tonic"My daughter, Octava, would have been in her gravetoday, had it not been for that fine medicine, Cardui,"writes Jvtrs. Laura Lawrence, of Drennon Springs, Ky."Nothing I tried helped my daughter, until she hadtaken Cardui. I had sent for the doctor, when I thoughtof your medicine and got a $1 bottle. When, she hadtaken four doses she became all right I often recommendCardui to my friends."Your druggist sells Cardui with full instructions for useon the bottle.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooca Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, TeniL,for Special Instructions, and 64-pase book, "Home Treatment lor women, sent iree.GIVE HIM A PAIR OFSHIRLEYPRESIDENTSUSPENDERSFOR CHRISTMASEach pair in a beautiful Holiday GiftBox. A gift that is useful, comfortableand durable. The kind of suspender hewould choose if he were buying themhimself.Your Local Dealer should be able tosupply you, if not we will mail to anyaddress on receipt of 50 cents per pair.Signed guarantee on every pair.If you would like three beautiful Art Panels, size10x14 (no advertising") for framine send. 15 ccats forthe PRESIDENT CALENDAR. .M.THE C A. ED6ART0N MANUFACTUMNt Ct.933 Mala St.. Sbirlav. Mam.v m wTrains ArrivetfROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5 26 amLexington, Kj'., Daily 5.23 amMaj'sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.28 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.25 amRowland, Jiy., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9.40 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.05 amLexington, Ky Daily 10.05 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.10 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 11.50 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunda' 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm.Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.22 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.'40 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.29 amLexington, Ky., Daily 6 25 pmJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 27 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily .' ' 10.27 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:40 pmTrains IDe-partI TOCincinnati. O., Daity 5.33 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amFrankfort & Louisville, Daily Except .Sunday 7.35 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday r 8.20 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 0.44 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.45 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.15 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.18 amMaysville, K.. Daily n.52 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .'... 11.54 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.30 pmt Cincinnati. O., Daily 3.35 pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday j 5.48 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.32 pmLexington, Ky., Daily . 6.35 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily.' Except Sunday : o.85 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.45 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.48 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily :- 10.50 pmIN EFFECT FEBRUARY. 1, 1910.Trains -A.rrrveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda , 8.15am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.50 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily -Except Sunday 6.22 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only t 10.10 pmTrains Depart'No. TO '161 Frankfbrt& Louisville, Sunday Only . 7.00 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday . 7.35 am1 Frankfort. Ky., Daily Except Sunday f.,; . .9.45 am3 P ankfort, Ky, DailyExcept Sunday ". . 2&f .5.55 amfroma contagious disease. A live stock inspector was called in to examine ahorse and found that it did not haveany contagious or infectious disease.He wanted to know how he was to bepaid for his services. Tne attorneyGeneral holds that the inspector cannotget any pay for his work.ine uanviue Messenger says:"Horses and mule buyers are thick inDanville at 'present. John Frazar, ofColumbia, Tennessee, is here and willstay until he has bought a carload ofhorses. He has already bought six orseven. From South Carolina theWorkman family composed of the oldman and three sons are here to buymules especially, but will also takey horse or two if they can buy tbemright. With the Workmana are G. A.Browning and R. M. Smith, all ofClinton, S. C They have alreadybought several carloads of stock."The Carlisle Advocate says: "Secretary Joe Dalzell, of the NicholasBoard of Control, was in Lexingtonlast Friday, and he says alter he hadattended to the business connectedwith the Burley Society officers, hevisited the various markets and sawtobacco selling some very low andsome bringing good prices. Ha wentfrom there to the Duroc sales where60 gilts were sold averaging fgrcm S28to $112 50 per head. The one thatbrought $112.50 weighed about 170pounds and was a fine specimen of thatbreed. From there he visited thePoultry show and saw a whiteOrpington rooster which was sold at$450. Moral Cut out tobacco andcommence raising chickens and hogs."Kentucky wii! have an extensiveexhibit at the National Corn Show atColumbus, O., Janu iry 30 to February11, through 'arrangements completedby the College of Agriculture of StateUniversity at Lexington. Besides theexhibition of corn growing, the exhibit will also include the culture andmanufacture of tobacco and hemp. Thevaried specimens have already beenshipped to Columbus, to be put inshape for the opening of the show.The hemp exhibit will include a practical demonstration of its handleingfrom sowing the seed through all ofthe processes of culture and manufacture to the finished products. The tobacco exhibit will be along the samelines, but special reference "'will begiven ut the plant breeding investigations, which are conducted by the Experiment Station at Lexintgon. Capt.Thos. F. Bryant, of the College ofAgriculture, is in Columbus to installand take charge of the exhibit.DANVILLE COURT. The Advocate says: "Monday wascourt day inDanville and a very large' crowd wasduced to less than one million dollarsbefore thefir9t of next month.if Treas.urer Farley cap get in the interestbearing warrants, and has $200,000more to devote to that purpose.There must be more interest-bearingwarrants issued, however, as the statewill be broke again by March 1.Farley says that warrants bearinginterest stamp dates prior to January1, 1911, may possihly be called for payment by Decembpr 31, 1911. but thatinterest-bearing warrants issued subsequent to January 1, 1911, cannot becalled for payment until after December, 1911. There ill be no moneyavailable for redeeming interest-bear- 'ing warrants until the Sheriffs payeach year, which is never before December 1.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, AllisorirJa., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity,In everjr home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,.USE DR. KING'S " 'And be well again." vOnly 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Will Quit Politics.A news dispatch from Frankfort hasthe following of an ex-parisian:"Chickens and no poliths will attractPerry M. Shy after his term in officeaslassistant to M. C. Rankin, Commis-Uutf Jsioner of Agriculture, expires in a fewmonths, bhy will start a poultry farmclose to Cincinnati, and get extensively into the raising of broilers for thecity market just as soon as he can after leaving the capital."41Varden&SonLetus fill yourPrescriptions. ' ,pure drags andpromptj'service.Harden S Son.Druggist,.GEO. W. DAVIS .FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALIE1.BOTH'FHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.r-So'Na r-j -u--v' Af?ms'y-r-V"". -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCRY.u JAN. 27, "lft 1.V -VSI!lil?ff).i!MSSM)IS!iiilTHE SALE ENDS SAT, JANUARY 28TUio Wolr Will PvnvA fl. Rannpr Wk in VaIuaq For Manv ffn'finj .Vs.r. a- f: 'mIn addition to the new and unheard-of low cut prices that goods are being sold at for this continued week of the sale, many new White Goods, Embroideries and g55Ginghams arrive daily. These are also being sold at a cut price during the sale. The ladies who expect to buy material for Lingerie wear find the opportunityexceptional, for they buy the better kind at the price of ordinary. : : : : : : : : , : : : : : :SOME SPECIAL FEATURES OF MERIT:w... . - ' i 'IlilliXXXlaMiMWit ri i' ''It-17fry fc.-All Shoes Are Being Closed Out Very Low.The Well-Known Queen Quality also go.Choice any Ladies' Suit or Coat in the StoreMany sold up to $40.00. All are included.3 lL 5 &gw -" m wI EXTRA SPECIALYards Best Calico For 39cfrom the Hours of 9 to 1 0 and 2 to 3.EXTRA SPECIALRemember It's The Last Days of the Big Sale.asI J, C. Pirath,Sale Conductor forSIMON DEPARTMENT STOREj4.ia.etmWams&mimmmmt:BKI:c&:mmmParis,Kentucky.IHMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. W. M. Hamilton 13 quite ill.The Misses Butler who have beenEick with grippe are better.FOR SALE Forty tons of Cloverbay.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Miss Elizabeth Jefferson, of Lexington, arrived Thursday as the guest ofher cousin, Miss Laura C. Jefferson.air. and Mrs. Charles Lavin ai rivedMdndas from their wedding tour andare now occupying their home in theproperty of Mr. C. T. Darnell, recently vacated by Elder W. A. Gardnerand family.Vulcan plows are the best Nonebetter for plowing up tobacco plants.Will completely destroy.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mrs. Tom Marshall, who is quite illand under the care of a trained nurse,is some better.The Bourbon News i3 offering flattreing inducements from now until thehrst of March to the readers, ihis iscounty paper in connection with something else at exceedingly low rates.Don't fail to read the following : TheKentucky Farmer and Bourbon Newsone year for $2.00; The daily CourierJournal, except Sunday, four months,and the Bourbon News one year for$2.25: the daily Courier Journal, except Sunday, eight months, s.nd Bourbon News one year $3.00. Leave yourorders with24 8t R. M. CALDWELL, Agent.Mr. J. Will Crouch and family willmove today from the farm of Mr. Wallace Shannon to a small place purchas-,ward Thopmson and family will moveto the property vacated by Mr. Crouchfrom the farm of Dr. F. A. Herbert.Mr. James Clark, of Sharpsbrg, i3here on business.i oi iviarcn to ine reauers. j.nia is --, -- ..,, pf. m,, uonsplendid opportunity to get your I ed by him at Little Rock. Mr. HonBAN C0HEN.336 Main Street, Paris, Ky.To-morrow, Saturday,MarksTHELASTDAYOf Our GreatBIRTHS.Hern, on Saturday, January 21the wife of Mr. Hany Kerslake a s.tonSincere Praise.Poet "Did she think my sonnetwas good? Friend "3hi must have.3he didn't believe you wrote iL"CashRaisingSaleMr. Thomas McClintock is in Bath"county purchasing mules.Mr. Willis Boston spent Wednesday2nd Thursday in Lexington.Mrs. Mollie Slack, of Sharpbsurg.arrived Wednesday as the guest of herbrother, Mr. J. J. Peed, and family.Mrs. P. A. Vallandingham, of Barboursville, W. Va., is the guest ofMsr. Nancy Allen continues about thesame.Mrs. Aaron McConnell left Wednesday for the bedside of her father, Mr.C. H. Cooper, who is quite ill at hishome in Maysville.Rev. R. S. Sanders will begir.'a prctracted meeting at the Presoyterianchurch Monday evening. He will beassisted by Rev. Cumming, of Winchester. Mr. R. C. Harper, of Mayslick, delivered his crop of tobaccu of S.000pounds to Mr. J. C. Leer Thursday. IMr. Leer is receiving tobacco for the'Louisville Tobacco Company.During the next thirty days we willsell all queensware and cut glass atrgeatly reduced prices. Call earlywhile you have the best assortment toselect from.20 3t LOUIS VIMONT.Elder Carey E. Morgan, of Paris,closed his serie of three lectures onhis tour of Europe and the Holy LandThursday night. The lectures weregood each night and much enjoyed bythe large number who attended. Theladies of the Christian church, underwhose auspices the lectures were givenrealized a neat sum, the receipts being larger than they had expected.The Women's Home ano FcriegnMissionary Societies of the Methodistchurch, will hold an all-day meeting athe home of Miss Eugena WadellTues-iday, January 31, beginning at 10:30 a. :m. Mrs. W. M. Miller will conductthe home mission work at the morning,spssion. The afternoon will be devot-,ed to the foreign program, Mrs. W. A.Butler presiding. ILoses Valuable-Cnicken.Dr. C. J. Clarke, the Paris chickenfancier, lost a valuable cockerel at theLexington Poultry Show last week.The fowl, which was Valued at $100, 1contracted pneumonia, from which it jdied. At the poultry show Dr. Clarke !took four premiums, first and secondon whito leghorn. hen. second on whiteOrpington cock, and fourth on whiteleghorn pen. IFighter's Astounding StotyBLOODINE"IF THE UNPARALLELED MERITS OF" wUKKE9SNmfj$v3SSSBtiif"wT$fi:&L i&?3 'yJHaiaaaaraVBaaaaaaaaaSBaaaaAaaaVaBaaaaBaaaBfSaaiBaP4 wEZ&'9rr flaiaaaaaaaaHsBV'.sHiaaaBaMBWsaaaiBaaaavKSHK.uj xLaJkraaaaaarPKuBjBKgSmnBtSP flts3HHBisvfr K." aaa1 VaaaaaalaaSaaaaaaaauflEl'f Mit33EBBtmmB&maaaaaaaaaafiaaaaaaanKaa. ' fc niiLiLiLHHLBHHHllLHLHii&iSNOUTS WHICH MR. QTiAZTTTR RUNS.HARRY A. CLAZOA Prominent Firnnaa c&Maiden, Mass., writes vMar. 28th. 150Zast winter I had a:severe cold and it settled;on my Kidaeys, causing!the most excraciaUngrlpain almost ererytiwe I.attempted to saove : I hadltried evreythinar Imagin-JSigns of Danger.Backache, dizziness and headache, "specksbefore ths eyes," irregular heart action andliver trouble. The severity of the earlysymptoms depending upon the amount ofpoisons which the kidneys have allowed toremain in the system.SYMPTOMS.Aobinf Pain Ore Hips, Backache, Badlaaant or Deposit in Urine, Irritation ot thmBladder. Pain In Urinating:, Rnenmatlsaa(oxio aoia in Diooaj, saaaen Btopaaee otjturmy uoiorea or auury rnitaUrine,Urine,Blood or Maoaa In Urine, Redec), Oatarch ot Bladder or Bowels. Puffiaeee Uader Byes. Voraoioas Appetite,Snlrat, Gall Btone. QraTel, Pain in Uretha.wolleaAnklee, Dimmed Vision. SpecksBefore tke Byea, Boanty Urine. FrequentCalls, Montb Dry, Billioasneee. Dribbling,Iinmbego, 'Weaknaas, Iioas of Flesh, Irrearnlsr Heart Action. Ulceration ot the Bladder, Skin Pale. Waxy and Dry, Bad Odorot Perspiration.SIHPLS TEST FOR KIDIET DISEiSB.Fill a bottle with urine; let it stand fortwelve hours; if there is a sediment or cloudiness of any kind you have kidney or bladdertrouble, and you should commence takingBloodine to-day. Dont wait until the diseaseis too far advanced.Bloodine costs 50c a bottle for the useal It.oosue.Mail orders filled. Large sample bottle by mail 10cable to get relief, with bo.success, antil I was ad.'vised to try "Bloodine." which to my greatsurprise, gave me relief almost from the firstdose, and before I had taken one bottle I wascompletely cured. " Bloodine" is a wonderful,vitalizing tonic. If the blood is impure, complexion bad. appetite lost, strength gone, andthe whole system Is upset by an accumulationof humors, it is time to try "Bloodine" today.Blsealse Curt Hemorrhage of the KtssSys.Marshfisld, Vt.. Sept. a, 1904.Ths Buwonni Co., Boston, Mass.Gentlemen : I received ose of year books, yesterday. 1 have beea a great sufferer for thirty-tnreeweeks, passing bloody water, have beea to the hospital, have had four different doctors. Tbeycalladit most everythinr, and I got no better. Please sendrae a sample bottle of your Bloodine for which 1 enclose ten cents in stamps to par for same. If it willdo rae any rood I will take it the rest of my hfe. tSigfltd, MRS. OCTAViA E. CARPENTER.Makshfibld. Vt., Sept 14, xga.Ths BtoooiNS Co., Boston, Mass. 4Gentlemen : I received your trial bottle of Blaodine. That was nor enough to do muck for bk, for Isin very bad and weak, passiae qaite a lot of blood.Now, if you think that Bloodine will help rae, yomay send me one dollar's worth. I think by theusss 1 nice tnai 1 can tell it it will do me any rood, iSigned, MRS. OCTAVIA E. CARPENTER.If AKSHFXBLD, Vt., Oct. S3, 10S4.TksBloowms Co., Boston. Mass.Dear Sirs: Please send me six bottles of Bleoi-ins. It has done sae a world of Rood; it has stoppedthe hemorrhages; and I am feeling ouch better.Respectfully,Sigwd, MRS. OCTAVIA E. CARPENTER.We will forfeit 1,000 if the originals of the absiCletters, proving genuineness, cannot be produced.Bloodine3FlllsCChronic Constipation, Sick Headache and BilIiousness. 26 CT. A BOX.had ayester-If by some chance you were unable to attend this greatShoe Sale until now, you will do well to come now onthe last day of this sale : : : : : :We have prepared some extraordinaryShoe values for this Saturday : : :Come at once. The climax of all Shoe values willof offered on the last day of the sale. -Cleaning Streets.Superintendent John Cainforce of twenty men at wokday scraping the streets of the citvand seven carts were employed to haulaway the mud. Last nij?ht Mp?nstreet waB h'ushed from Tenth to thebridge.W. T. Brooks, Agent.r-w T" 11BaldwinnLx.,STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES. IDAN COHEN336 Main Street,Paris, KentuckyAT THE BIG ELECTRIC SIGNMr. B. B. Peak, auctioneer for theFarmers ' Tobacco Warehouse Co., ofFrankfort, reports that he sold aShelby county crop there last week atan average of lfi.25 per hundredpounds. .At a meeting of Burley Tobaccogrowers at Waddy, Shelby county,Monday, strong sentiment was shownagainst the cut-out of the 1911 crop.nut a reduction 01 half the acreage in-1911 and 1912 was oroDosed as the best 'solution of the problem. "President Clarence LeBus. of thBurley Tobacco Society, sold last week ,on the Lexington Loose Leaf market 1; a crop of tobacco grown in 1910 at anaverage of $20. uo per hundred pounds.ThlG ID (ho ronnt1 ncn (. 1.1 mmcrop. It was raised in Fayette counWy Iaim uuubiaLeu oi i,ii pounas. unebasket brought 40 cents per pound.The world's champion milch cowproduced nearly nine tons of milk last.ycai, uu auvuuaiea ox uairying in pre- Hference to beef pruduction call atten-tion to the fact-that this fcow is ore- Wpared to repeat such performances forraaoy years, wnue me Dee I ammalmust go to. the block .to produce cash,Packing"The Model Packing Plant,"Respectfully solicits your patronage.All pork products prepared under themost complete sanitary arrangementsto be fonnd in any plant in America.We ask you to try our Sausage, thenyou will want the other good thingswe produce.For sale by all I first-class grocersand dealers.I BaldwinPackingOo.IParis, KentuckyI.ior its owner.. -.N"ft'll-. -J?t"4?-4