THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AliTD FRIDAY IN THE YEAR3U'VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 2, 191283 Swftftas4ftISIMONIDcp't Store,White Sale andClearance Saleescins Jan, 19SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREKentucky.raw aan aI GREETINGI desire to extend my sincere thanks tomy patrons and friends for their liberalpatronage throughout the year, and wishone and all a happy and prosperous NewYear.I .USE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 1001b. Sack 2.75Every Friday and Saturday.r. C. LEINIHAIN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,f'i? Fresh Fish4'ft -ft.i-wwftrfTS" VKftffc" JCTV- 'r--SV ,aE 7PRICE.at$ CO. Ipi- 1 H1 xCider Morgan Preaches His LastSermon.To the largest crowd ever assembledwithin the purtals of the Paris Christian church Elder Carey E. Morganpreached his last sermon before entering upon his duties as pastor of theVine Street Christian church at Nashville, Tenn., Sunday evening. vThe services Sunday morning werewell attended, but in the evening thevarious chruches gave way for the occasion of Elder Monrgan's last sermonand as a result every religious denomination was represented.The spacious auditorium and lectureroom which were thrown into one.werecrowded to the utmost, all the available seating space being occupied,while the galleries weie taxed to theircapacity, many being forced to stand.At conclusion of the morning serviceProfessor M. G. Thomson, one of theelders of the chuich, in a few wellchosen sentences voiced the deep regret of the congregation at partingftom their beloved pastor, and gavethe following summary of his nineyears pastorate in Paris : He has received about nine hundred persons intothe church, married three hundred andwenty-hve couples. Preached fourhundred and twenty-five funerals,ministered to the poor and needy.comforted the distressied. Placedfour missionaries Lin the fields, andpromoted christian fellowship.Professor Thomson then read thefollowing resolutions, which were unanimously aiopted by a rising vote ofthe congregation :"Whereas, our beloved pastor, ElderCarey E. Morgan, has accepted a callfrcm the. Vine street church at Nashville, Tenn., and has by his resignation severed his relations as pastorof the Chritsian church at Paris, Ky.Be it resolved: First, that we express our appreciation of hia excellentservices as our pastor and teacherdruing the last nine years.Second, that we testify as to ourconfidence in him aa a Christian man,an elegant gentleman, an accomplishedscholar, and a true citizen.Third, that we regard him as asympathetic friend, a safe counselor,frank and firm in his convictions ofright and wrongFourth, that we admire his genial,pleasant manner, which is always conductive to.the highest pleasure in thefamily and social circle.Fifth, that we deplore the loss ofhis example and influence, not only inour own church but in the entire community.fcixth, that we feel that the churchand Sunday school have lost a zealousworker, and a most efficient teacher inhis estimable wife.Seventh, that we commend him ondhis family to the Vine street church atNashville, Tennessee, and send greetwigs. What has been. cur loss wil.lbetheir gain. May 'God bless" him andhis family, and may happiness and'great results attend his and their laborin his new field, is cur earliestprayer.Respectfully submitted,THOS. HELM CLAtf,"C. ARNSPARGbitC- "M. G. THOMSON,"J. S. WILSON,Dec. 31, 1911. Committee.Elder Morgan took up the pastorateo: the Paris church on June 1, 1903,and lacks only a few months or serving his congregation for nine yearsdaring the time he endeared himselfatothe people of this community, regardless of religious faith, and won theadmiration of his congregation beyondmeasure.In addition to his local work ElderMorgan is a trustee of his Alma Mater,Butler College, Indiana. Curator ofTransylvania University, member ofboard of Trustees of KentuckyChristian Missionary Society, member of the Acting Board of the AmericaChristian Missionary Society, LifeDirector in Foreign MissionarySociety, member of the ChristianUnity Commission of the Disciples ofLhtist, member of the Advisory Committee of the National Society forBroader Education, and President forten years of the Kentucky ChristianMissionary Society.The Pans churcn prospered to awonderful degree under his pastorate,and he has been found at the front,working like a devoted Christian tocomfort those in distress.Elder Morgan will leave Thursdayfor Nashville to assume his new pastorate and while it is with regret thathis conrgegation and the communitygive him up, it is to be felt that hehas fulfilled bis mission and seeks anew field to continue his work forChrist.r"WE KNOW MOW "SBI0EConsider StyleCorrect Fashion!One of the most importantthings to consider is clothes;but you don't think it ought to take the placeof good quality, neither do we.Here you get the best of both; we seekout the best fashions from all sources, andsuggest a lot of smart styles for our specialtrade.We will show you some new ideas inSuits and Overcoats you woDt see anywhereelse.Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, KentuckyCIlIIlIllIIiHIIJitXILfaTIiniIIIlllIIIItlllllllllllll IIIIIIIUII!IIIIIIIlIiriIIll!irilIIIIII!IIII!IIIlllllUMl!IIIlIII!lllI!IIIlllIltlir;MFRANK & CO...The Store Where Reliability Reigns.'111Big Clearance SaleAndSpecial Sale ofWj E desire to, express ourj good wishes for1912 to our many patrons.PRI6& & 60 6iotmersLocal Market Steady.poultry and eggs on the local market are steady. The demand of thepast week was not so great as that of 1the week preceding the holidays.Dressed hens are retailing at 16 2-3cents, and turkeys at 20 cents perpound. Fresh eggs command 35 centsper dozen, and packed eggs being 30cents. Country butter sells for 25cents per pound.White Goods and Muslin UnderwearBegins Saturday, January 13, 1912,Ends Saturday, January 20, 1912.Bourbon Dealer SellsHors es.FineBigger and Better Bargains Than Ever.Don't 'Miss This Sale.Mr. Sanford Carpenter, the wellknown stock dealer of Millersburg.hasmade several good sales of horses inthe past few days. He sold to GeorgeEasterbrook, of Denver, Col., at agood price Sanford Chief tian 4433, byKing Cbieftian. This horse belongs toboth the saddle and harness class andwas a winner at the Blue Grass Fair.Mr. Carpenter sold to Mr. W. C.Sharp, of Arkansas, the yearling stud,Robert E. Lee, 4345 by King C&ieftian,for -$1,000: to J. R. Mosier & Co., ofJefferson City, Tenn., 'he sold Tennessee Chieftian for $600. He also soldto Jones & Vaughn, of Newport,Tenn., Gladys Chieftian 759, by KingChieftian, for 5400.rranParis,k & Coi ?Kentuckywin:iin!nunmn uriiUMJiJrniiimu mnniiiiiiiiiniinimi inni iiiniiiinLiiiiiJiiinniinninni uiumninnuiiw444nkw kxo Mttz vsw. me nci'iui ivwvtm fK3gijrsr,.as?.KKrK3'r jvj1IIImm ,Ummm'WWA. . V--- " -4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. ?, 1912AALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY &Paris. KentuokvBourbon Laundryf D.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.tofttotototototoStototoBourbonParis, Kentucky.J""" O. H. CHENAULT. Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryerNo. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestbne StreetBoth ahones 965LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open andThe Leading Warehouse ofThe Largest Loose LeafSales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and suc2ess of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sahs behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORST. P. Barnard. Louisville. Kv.J. C. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. G. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with'the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bring'their tobacco to himand tojcome to the house to see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.ItailLOST.A black leather Boston bag:, containing surgical instruments and bandagesInst hetween Fifth street in Paris andJames Woodford's residence on Clin-tonville pike. Suitable reward for re-1 signed by Doth Republicatns and Demturtf of bag and instruments to under- ocrats. Miss Bratt, a school teachersigned or to News office. of Cold Spiing,Ky.,and Captain JamesURS. FITHIAN & DAUGERTY, flcArthur, of Dayton, are behind theParis, Ky.' movement. The petition, whkh is'signed by hundreds cf the county "d,i i .' ! innsfc nrnminent mpn. will hp nrcspnt.Rules for Right Living.Tofbe honest in the . directest way'ndTlrtuous by epitome, be firm untojsucniprincipies oi guuuucas ao i.ouj' InChemselves volumes of instructionar&jfipay abridge thy labor. So mayweHave all in a few, and the law andthe-prophets in a rule, the sacred writin 'stenography, and the scriptures ina nut-shell. Sir Thomas Browne." Once In Awhile.A little music, now and then, ie fursighed by the long-haired men.will not be yours unless youhave a parip:: stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be bpughtcheaper.TALBOTTOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres. "IReady For Business.Lexington Past Season,House in the State.O. H. Chenault, Lexington, Ky.B., L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. 0. Roberts, Auctioneer.Youtsey Petition.Another movement is afcot to securethe pardon or parole of Henry Youtseyfrom the penitentiary at Fiankfort,where ha is confined, charged withcoranlicity in the murder of WilliamGoebel.A petition is being circulated amongthe citizens of Newport and is beingj edto Governor James B. McCrearyj;early this wetk.Savages With 'Phones.The semi-barbarous tribes of Australia make use of telephones conneefcingitheir encampments, f .' :Insanity on Increase.Insanity is largely on the increasein Kentucky according to a report ofthe Ce nsus Bureau, in 1904 the number of insane persons in Kentucky perone hundred thousand population was135.9 ; in 1910 .the proportion v had increased to 154.9 per one hundred-thousand.THE BOURBON NEWSBOTH "PHONES, 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postiofnce as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1 88 1 30 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 per inch for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in' black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar, matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.ONE YEAR,$S.OOPayableWhat Tariff Board Proves.The Taft tariff board exonerateswoolen manufacturers of anythinglike taking advantage of high tariffrates 10 advance prices. The board'sreport would make it appear thatthe woolen trust wouldn't do such athing.But the report isn't altogether useless, because it proves beyond successful contradiction :First That Schedule '"K" is indefensible; it proves this conclusivelyand for all time.Second It confirms practically every charge made against the woolenschedule by Democrat and Progressive Republicans." Third It proves that the Americanpeople are victims of extortion fromwool manufacturers.Fourth And that President Taft'sveto of the Underwood-LaFollette billwas against the interests of 90,000,000consumers of woolens ; that it was absolutely unjustified, unnecessary, andthereforel unforgivable.Tariff protects trusts only.Louis D. Brandois, the famous Boston lawyer, who looks, acts, walksand talks like Abraham Lincoln, whiletestifying before the Senate trust investigating committee, charged howthe trusts received the greatest protection have destroyed trade's unionism, reduced wages, increased workinghours, and driven Americans out andbrought foreign immigrant labor intotheirmills.He exposed the injustice and futilityof the Tobacco trust settlement,effected by the United States SupremeCourt, and said the rule laid downamounted to this What man hasillegally joined together, let no courtput asunder."In contrast with the record of thetariff protected trusts, Mr. Brandoipresented instances where prices havebeen reduced, and wages raised, in industries operated under free competition. Yet the standpatters would havethe workingmen believe that thePayne-Aldrich high protection wallwas put up exclusively for their benefit. The Law's Rewards.United States Circuit Court JudgePeter S. Gitssoup, of Chicago, hasmanaged to make a millionaire out ofhimself while sitting upon the Federalbench. Besides getting rich himselfhe appointed Marshal E. Sampsell, hiscourt clerk, receiver for a tractioncompany that was in litigation in hiscourt at a salary of $25,000 a year.John M. Jtiarlan, one of the reallygreat jurists in this nation's history,and one of the best friends the common people ever had on the Supremebench, died a few weeks ago. Hisdaughter recently has accepted a position as secretary to earn her living.Number Decreasing.The Germans and Irish in the United States are rapidly decreasing innumber, while the Italians, Russiansand natives of Austria-Hungary andFinland have more than doubled innumber since 1900. This is a reportmade by the Census Bureau.The bureau calls it a "matter of avery considerable interest and importance." In the census of 1900 therewere reported 1,615,232 persons bornin Ireland, and last year the numberhad decreased to 1,351,400. Ten yearsago the United States had 2,813,413persons born in Germany, and lastyear there were but 2,499,200.The numbers of natives of Italywent up from 483,963 in 1900 to 1,341,800 in 1910; Austria-Hungary, from636,968 to 658,700, and Russia andFinland, from 640,710 to 1,706,900.Increases are shown m the numberof 'arrivals from England, Canada,Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Mexico.. , Railroad Statistics..0 -The following railroad statisticswere given out by the State RailroadCommissioner : v -;Total miles of road in Kentucky,3,8810.Built during past year, 179 miles.Gross receipts for 1910, $46,788,004;for this year, $49,065,187.Increase in gross receipts, $2,287,183.Increase in net receipts, $l,ll9,3S6.During the year 49 employes werekilled and 1,168 injured. fPeople killed during the year, I including passengers end people on thetracks, 109. , V- 'NO. 320 MAIN STREET.- Editor and OwnerSIX MONTHSin Advance$1.00Taft and the Woolen Schedule.An important point in connectionwith the President's message on thewoolen schedule has escaped attention.It is this: Mr. Taft is giving the people a discourse on wool instead ofcheaper woolens. Whether the President's message, which doesn't tellCongress any more about the difference in the cust of production at homeand abroad than it knew before willbe accepted by the country as a satisfactory substitute for cheaper and better clothing, which he promised in hispre-election speeches, and was in a position to give but flatly refused by vetoing the Unaerwood-LaFollctte woolbill, remains to be seen.Here are some facts which will aidthe reader to reach a conclusion as towhether the President is now, everwas or ever will be in good faith withthe public when it comes to interfering with the profits of the tariff trustswhich makes big campaign contributions to the Republian party: Whenthe Payne-Aldrich bill was passed Mr.Taft said the woolen schedule of thatmeasure was "indefensible,'' and thathe would like to see it revised and revised downward. At the extra sessionof Congress Democrats and Progressive Republicans passed a bill reducingthe abnormally high tax on woolens ina sincere and patriotic attempt tolighten the burden of taxation to theusers of woolens. Had. the presidentsigned this bill it would have meanta reduction this winter in the price ofwoolen clothing of all sorts for men,women and children; also in the pricesof blankets and other forms of woolen manufactures needed for warmthby the general public.But the president vetoed this billaffording the very kind of relief he haddeclared to be in sympathy with, forcing the American people to continueto pay a subsidy :n artificial prices tothe wool industry of approximately$.00,000,000 a year.Tne joke is on the public again. Thepeople asked for cheaper and betterclothing, and all they get, as far asMr. I Taft is concerned, is a nicelyworded but useless message ; words asa substitute for relief from the extortionate prices exacted by the tarifftrusts.Will Gather the Coin.The Republicans have elected theman who ia to be in charge of the filling of the Republican campaign barrelfor the 1912 contest. He is Fred W.Upham, who was assistant trust contribution grabber in 1908. Betweenpresidential elections Mr. Uphamtrains with the Busse machine in Chicago, runs a coal monopoly during thewinter and an ice trust during thesummer, and also has a lumber company, a railroad, and a few banks andtrust concerns. An ideal selection. 0i ii inas neipea countlessiththousands of thin, weak,delicate children madethem strong, plumpand robust.It creates an appetite,aids digestion, fills theveins with rich redlood, ,After illness or loss '2 T jl r Moi weigni rrom anycause, it brings strengthand flesh quicker thananything else.ALL. DRUGGISTSStrongHealtby WomenIf a woman is strong and healthy in a womanly way, motherhood means to her but little suffering. The trouble liesin the fact that the many women suffer from weakness anddisease of the distinctly feminine organism and are uanttedfor motherhood. This can be remedied.Dr. Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionCures the weaknesses and disorders of women.It acts directly on the delicate and importantorgan3 concerned in motherhood, making themhealthy, strong, vigorous, virile and elastic,"Favorite Prescription" banishes the indispositions of thsperiod of expectancy and makes baby's advent easy andorgans, and insures a healthy and robust baby. Thousands or women navatestified to its marvelous merits.It Makes Weak Women Strong. It Makes Sick Women WeU.Honest druggists do not offer substitutes, and urge them upon you as justas good." Accept no secret nostrum in place of this non-secret remedy, itcontains not a drop of alcohol and not a grain of habit-tonning or injuriousdrugs. Is a pure glyceric extract of healing, native American roots.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIMIER.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.The Best is noney v toand make the Women happy.Podson & DentontPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INC OBPOB ATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG- DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburgy North jJMiddletown, Littlef Rock an.Ruddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 'The East Tennessee Telephone CaIncorporatedProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiliTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.. Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones ! 5 "IE. T. 334.ResidenceHome 334.Dr. J. M. Lacock,DENTIST,UpStairslOverJVarden's Drug Store.Prices The Cheapest-DR. A. KELIiER,Practicing Physician,OfficesRooms 4j and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold; baths. . fEverything neat and clean. 'Pojiteharhfirs alwavs rAaHv tn ronit nn; thftrade. No long waits. You are next. 'M. A. KAHAL,iSloodina E- A. Cross, 516 GlasgowrPAa Street, Portsmouth, A'a.rHro8 Savs:"MvWifftKtieumatism Has used Rloodlm forto Rheumatism with the postgratifying: results, alter many other remedieshave failed to do her any good, she finds Ifgivesher strength and a good appetite. I have used Itmyself and find It has done me a lot of good.'VVyT. Brop&s, Agent.loo good for you.Fruit and Shade Trees.Shrubs, Asparagus, Rhubarb, PeoniesRosea. Phlox, etc. Everything foOrchard.Lawn and Garden. No agenta.Our prices may interest you. Freecatalogue. H. F. HILLENMEYER & SONS.3 cct 2m Lexnigton, KyFOR RENT.i iNew cottage oi nve rooms on .EastMain street.; mrs. Elizabeth g. Rogers.XT LLWEBSTER'SNEWINTERNATIONALDICTIONARYTHE MERR1AM WEBSTERThe Only New unabridged dictionary in many years.Contains the pith and essenceof an authoritative library.Covers every field of knowledge. An Encyclopedia in asingle book.The Only Dictionary with theNew Divided Page.400,000 "Words. 2700 Pages.6000 Illustrations. Cost nearlyhalf a million dollars.Let us tell you about this mostremarkable single volume."Writ for samplepages, full particulars, etcName thispaper ardwo willsend freea set ofPocketMaps(1hi1p. MM.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 2 1912.No.34134L'37104037312332625913838539308321431SHOEx &ftB2riFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.muniOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. IVPWillanrisCured by the Marvel of theCentyry, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discbarges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at pnce. Cure it bytaking Botanc Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom oft;atarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure or catarrn m ail its iorms,Druggists or by exsress, SI per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Vaf den & Son.rL. Sc N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT DEC 3, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Their Vision Dimmed.How many learned men are workIng at the forge of science laboriousardent, tireless Cyclops, but oneeyed! Joubert.FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daiy 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 5.18 am-Cvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland. Kv.. Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dnily ..." 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily T 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily -. 3.2o pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday , 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 5 47 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 6 05 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.45 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTran.s 3D e -partThirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkof it. How the meiitof a good thingstands out in that time or the worth -lessnessof a bad one. So there's noguesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss, Concord, Mich , who writes:"I have used Dr. King's New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it hnds entrance in a nome youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. TJnequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50c and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Tobacto in Cnina.The tobacco consumption of ('!)'?is very large and mostly borneThe finer grade of leaf comes "uthe Philippines, but the whole fntion is controlled by the tob:s"?-trust.No.34- 4294010137373313362625TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 an:Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.o5 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily ' ' ' 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily J2.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily -0 P1119 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday o.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.1u pmS Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6-15 pm13 Lexington, Ky., Daily J.lo pm30 Cvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday jo pm31 Lexington, K. , Daily. l-5o pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10-' PraU. dfe O- TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM ' ?o2 Frankfort, Kv., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .5.50 pm1G2 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only... 10-00 pmTrains Departivf TO1G1 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Onl v. : 7.107 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sundayi -ra ir - "Cit- Toitir T?vionh Snr?H:i.v iJ.Oo3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except SundayKill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut gra ad protection is aftoraea oyElectric Bitters, whicn destroy ana epel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backif not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorf er's.BeyondThe tyrantleg. He willhead. What,Power to Injure,will bind what?take away what?then, can he notTheThebindAndand not take away? The will.hence that precept of the ancients."Know Thyself." Epictetus..5.52amamamamGTnere Is no istabibbrienr p. the L '.utodStates better able Jo -ir.e-.-t your j rqnir-s-mentsin exclusive selections of jwnjoadsin unique and distinctive scHh.g; i i:ingSilverware wrought by e..pvnt need ar- ,tisans; Gold Jewelry of Uueii anaartistic character; Shernd Silvcr.vrfr ofhard metal with s2ver-e!tf-"tr:?!a Toil, tware of sterling silver and l thoy.r,,Watches of the '.vorld's iradiajg malrcr.Herschede Hal! and 4''3national reputation lor cuse desr?. ftrwkeeping, and famous T. uUuhr vsic.sound the Hours and quieri a-epeals of Whittmgton. and V'cini?..r; mfact, with the choicest in jewgicy. gVr'smithing, and sirrersjnini? amuSprices. A Catalog vr lilt s-ifj iVu..:iClocks only is issued, a:- fnv ZiU Pother lines are always cddm f-s a oinclude the latest approve!? d-s&jo- 5se!er;.ins, insured and ilbe ! snt to those making t.hentes -Jrv?as reliable throu'h ihe C.?ii&wrdffacdvisit vnen iiZ2jut -if!RHEUMATISMCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Department.Cinannati wilt o-; yteza.t?.cThe Frnnk Hechfe .to.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure hiotonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin "or skin pale; skin itchesand burns; shifting pains; bad breathlumbago, gout, take Botanic BloodBalm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyzed nerves, bones and joints, givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in this way making aperfect, lasting cure of Rheumatismin all its iorms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofcures of rheumatism after all otheamedicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure. Druggists or by express, $1 per large bottle, with diiections for home .cure..S i,iUT5i.:j a:nt free by writing " Blood'..ti 3 xtlanta, Ga. Describey- trciuj'D nd free medical advicegi.-cn. ty Varden & Son.CUTPRICESONILadies' Underwear,Hosiery,Handkerchiefs,Shirt Waists, Etc.We Are Offering Special Prices Ion All Read v-to -Wear i!Garments.A. M. D0HB CO.. IIncorporatedCorner 5th and MainBoth Phones 129J)Ends Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But such troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial convinces, Greatest healer of burns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, eczema and sprains. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Louvre's Honorable Descent.The Paris Louvre, now the world'finest art gallery, was originally aroyal residence in the reign of Dagobert, about the year 628 of our era.Queer Town is Ironsport.The most remarkable town inAmerica, in some respects at least, isto be found among the hills of Southern Ohio. It is Ironsport, with 700inhabitants, ten miles east of Zanesville. The Ironsport postoffice waaclosed on Tuesday, October 31, becauseJoseph Barney, the p stmamster, saidhe had not sold a single stamp in nveweeks, nor had i e received ary incoming or outgoing mails. The peopleexplain that they have no tiiends towrite to and thty are"all to Lusy anyhow.There has not been an idle mau inlronsoort since 1909. according to thelullMONEYIN fMC"sT tell von n.Tv. and pay best marketori.'es. We are dealer-.; e-tablishedjti lsvi; ani can do BE 1" rR.for yout'tan gen's or ccrr.-ii'ssion nierclum's. '" P,ferences ny bank in Imisrill;. Write for "kly price hit.P.V & SONSni-23 ?. 33 E -tfartM St, I WILLE, KY.OesSers in Pll,S, HIUES, WOO!..Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stabenvoll, Allison.Ia. , in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again.Ouly 25c at Oberdorfer's.Superficial.There are some people who keeptheir morality in the piece; it is astuff of which they never cut themselves a coat. Joubert.How's This?'We offer One Hundred 'Dollars Rewnrrl fi- anv case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CENEY & CO., Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions an financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all druggists.Tuke Hall's Family Pills for constipation. Milton'3 Sumrning Up.Wise men have said many book3are wearisome; who reads incessantly"and to his reading brings not a spiritand. judgment equal or superior, uncertain and unsettled still remainsdeep versed in books, and shallow inhimself. Milton.priest recently reported that he hadsucceeded in converting these elevenrpersons.The school teachers of Ironsport,four in number, declare that Ironsportchildren are unusually bright, owingto the moral influence ot the towef.Not since a circus visited Ironeport,three year3 ago, has there been a person seen on the streets so late as midnight. Completely Spoiled."What's the trouble with that primj donna?" asked the manager. "SheI used to be very pleasant and consider' ate." "Yes," replied the stage manager, "but she has gotten so she be-Kncnrv i np mini s - art! . iunn iir iu i irimp and everv n iner o .w.s his own , lieves all the press agent writes abouthome. Some time m?o t ie police de- her.'pattment di9bandtu, me chief declaring tt.at there had been no arrestsmade within six months, and that it is Napoleon's Capricious Appetite.only a waste of public money to kep I Napoleon had a penchant for roastsalaried policemer. ihe village records fowis cutlets and smoking coffee; Heone fire in to years, and the damage j ate at odd tlmegt and oniy When ha-th;n?"!? -unmA fi.,f ,1,0 felt hungry, driving his cooks to dia-food it had to be ready for him almoston, the instant, or at least as soon athe table could be laid.populaHon vvas comptsed of 637 Irishmen, 11 Welshmen and 52 Geimars.Until Octole 1911, there were onlyeleven men and women in Ironsportwho had no church." A ZancsvileThat Cold RoomGood Substitute for Sardines.The fact that Maine herring, whenquite young, are canned and marketedfor sardines done up in olive oil. isfairly well known. As the home product is about as tasty and wholesomeas the imported article, there is notmuch use of getting excited 'over theimposition.The One Essential Po.ru.The permanent . interesr of vycrvman is, never lu be in ;i ta!se posit - ubut to have the we'ght ui nanneback, him in all he doe? .jnt.-viuifon the side of the house wherewinter blasts strike hardest alwayshas a lower temperature than tnerest of the house. There .are timeswhen it is necessary to raise the:temperature quickly or to keep thetemperature up for a long periodsThat can't be done by the regularmethod of heating without greattrouble and overheating the rest ofthe house. The only reliablemethod of heating such, a room.alone by other means is to use a,JKFEC1I35SmokelessmLI I I I I J. L J J JAhsohtely mthelen ni 94$t1mwhich can be kept at full or low hett for a short or loot time.Four quarts of oil will give a glowing heat for nine hourswithout smoke or smell. , . ,An indicator always shows the amount of oil in th& fonrFiller-cap docs not screw on; but is put in like a cork in avfitttle,and is attached by a chain and cannot get lost.An automatic-locking flame spreader prevents thewick from being vturned high enough to smoke, and is easy tremove and drop back so that it can be cleaned in an instant.The- burner body or gallery cannot become wedged, and can be unscrewedin tn instant for rewicking. Finished in japan or nickel, strong, durable, wellmade, built for service, and yet light and ornamental. Has a cool handle.Dialers Everywhere, if not at yours, write for descriptive circularf to the nearest agency of the "Standard Oil Company .4i 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTtfCKY, JAN. 2; 1912Bronze Tnrkeys For Sale.JFine stock .at reasonable prices.MRS. CHAS. R. WHITE.R. P. D. No 8.E. T. Phone 736 2-rings.FOR SALE.jOne Kood square piano (Knabe) andto good second hand organs, can bebought cheap and on easy payments.MOERHEAD PIANO CO.,606 Main street.FOR RENT.Small house on Cypress street whereX now reside. Water and lights.Apply to23 3t v G. C. THOMPSON.Morehead Lyceum Course.The next third number of the Morehead Lcyeum Course will be on January 4, when Mr. Geo. E. Colby, one ofof the greatest living cartoonists and avery delightful speaker, will be at theOperafHouee. This will be one of themost enjoyable entertainments of theentire course, and those who have never nad an opportunity to hear and seeafreally great cartoonist at his workwill be well repaidjfor attending. Theprices for tihs great entertainmentwill be as follows Lower floor 50cents; balcony,-35 cents; galery, 20cents.Subscribers can get their tickets atMitchell & Blakemore's this morningand the seat saie will be opened onWednesday.Will Visit Local Lodge.Mr. J. W. Bacon yesterday receiveda telegram fromiFDistrict Deputy A.A. Hazelrigg, of Mt. Sterling, to theeffect that he would make an officialvisit to Paris 'Lodge of EklB tonight.It is requested that all Elks attend.SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENTOf the Condition ofFIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PARIS; V At the Close of Business December 30, 1911RESOURCES4Ebans and Discounts 1431,72!) 30"United States Bonds 106,000 00Cash, Due from Banks andJf U. S. Treasury 105,964 27Overdrafats 00Iteal Estate 5,750 00V $649,443 57LIABILITIESCapital and Surplus 170,000 00Undivided Profits .. 1,000 93Circulation 100,000 00Deposits . ' 378,442 64Due to Banks 00$649,443 57EARNINGSDisposed of as follows:Expense Six Months $ 3,637 79Added to Surplus 10,000 00TJndivided Profits Remaining 73 11$13,710 90Earnings Past Six Months.Undivided Profits.$12,413 81. 1,297 09$13,710 90UNITED STATES DEPOSITARY4r ?FFICER8 Claude M. Thomas, Pre3. ; W. P. Ardery, Vice-Pres. ; Jas.ajcCIure, Cashier; R. P. Clendenin, Ass't Cashier; H. W. Mann, JBook.Keeper ; B. J. Santen, Book Keeper.m DIRECTORS Claude M. Thomas, W. P. Ardery, M. R. Jacoby, Clell E.Turney, Clifton Arnsparger, J. A. LaRue, W. W. Haley, R. B. Hutchcraft,J. Frank Clay.Toney Relates Experience inChicago.A writer in the Louisville Times hasthe following of Fred Toney, a formerBlue Grass League slab artist :Fred Toney, Blue Grass Leaguepitcher of unusual reputation,, who isnow with Charley Murphy's NationalLeague team, has been the subject ofa number of stories since he has beenwith the Chicago team, the majorityof which have been told with Toney inthe role of the "goat" The big pitcher tells them on himself in a greatmany instances, and he is one of themost popular players in the Chanceoutfit the stories go all around the circuit. :While in Louisville last week TomA. Sheets, president of the Lexington,Ky., team, added a new one on Toneyto the 'list, and, as usual, it cameorieinally from Toney. The two oldfriends were together in Cincinnatinot .long ago, and the former Winchester star was telling his Lexingtonfriend of his experiences in Chicago.Fred had concluded a recital ofinstances in the Windy City to showhow men on the Chicago team hadhelped to get him along, and particularly now the older pitchers had takenan interest in him to teach him all thetricks of his profession. .He had justfinished some high praise on MordecaiBrown."But Chicago is a peculiar place,"said Toney. "Its the hardest place inthe country to get acquainted with.Why, I lived within two or threesquares of the ball park where I wason duty when in Chicago, and therenever has been a time all this yeartbat I could find the park by myselfwithout a lot of difficulty, and I hardly know what part of the city it is inyet. Chicago is a queer place."Handsome Gift.Sunday afternoon at the meeting ofBourbon Division No. 486, O. R. C,Secretary J. M. Smelser was presentedwith a handsome emblem ring. Thering was the gift of the members ofthe local division of which Mr. Smelser has served as secretary for fouryears, yesterday entering on his fifthterm and is a token of the high esteemin which he is held by the localorganization.Easy Method of Making Salt.The process of making salt at thesprings In Salinas, Mexico, Is verysimple. The water, which contains4 to 7 per cent salt, is pumped intotanks; it is then evaporated to 25 to28 per cent., beginning to crystallizeat 18 per cent. The water Is thendrained off and the salt swept out.Paris Banks in Fine Condition.The statements of the Paris banksat the close of the year 1911, show ahealthy and prosperous condition ofthese institutions. The total depositsof the five Paris banks exceeds $1,600,000 The Agricultural Bank declaredits usual semi-annual dividend of fiveper cent and carried 3,000 to surplusand-individual profits and shows deposits ox $226,000.The Deposit Bank declared its usualdividend of four per cent and carriedhe remainder of its profits to tax account and individual profits. Its individual deposits amount to $371,756.43,which is the largest individual depositsever shown by this flourishing institution The Bank of George Alexander &Company paid a semi-annual dividendof eight per cent and carried $1,000 tosurplus and shuwed individual depositsof $275,000.The Bourbon Bank had about tiebest six months' business in the history of that institution, ; its earningsamounting to $3,500, in addition to itssemi-annual dividend of four per centand its individual deposits amount to$375,989.02, which is the largest evershown by thisjbank, and is an incomeof $107,740.51 on its deposits on December 31, 1910, their kans amounting to $485,631.28.The First National Bank showed agross earning for the six mot ths of$12,413.81. They did not d c --re adividend but carried the sum ot SI 0.000to surplus. Their deposits show $d7b,442 64, and thier loans $431,729.30.Will Begin Labors Today.The Bourbon County Board of TaxSupervisors, appointed a few days agoby Judge Denis Dundon and composedf B. M. Renick, Geo. Rassenfoss, EdRice, J.T. Estes, E. P. Claybrook, S.S. Ardery and W.G. Talbott, yesterdayrecieved their commissions and willbegin tomorrow going over the booksof Assessor McClintock.Railroads to IssueScrip.''PennyCONDENSED REPORT OF' . The Condition of ,Deposit Bank of ParisAfter Declaring a 4 per cent Semi-Annual Dividend at theClose of Business on December 30, 1911.RESOURCESCash $. 16,776 59Due from Banks : 69,453 49Real Estate 13,562 26Furniture and Fixtures. . 1,500 00"Overchecks 2, 782 78Loans . . . . . 401,308 19$505,383 31LIABILITIESCapital Stock $100,000 00Surplus 30,000 00Undivided Profits ; ....... . 3,811 86Re-discounts - 00Due Banks . . . . t 00Deposits. 371,571 45$505,383.31" AH railroads South of the Ohio andEast of the Mississippi Valley willinaugurate a novel departure in railroad ticket selling on January 7' next.For the first time in railroad history inthis country the roads in this territorywill issue what is known as "PennyScrip" Books.These books will each contain 2,500coupons of the value of a cent a couponand will be sold for $20 a book. Thebooks will be handled in the samemanner as mileage, books are now.The owner will present the boo to theticket agent and have detached enoughcoupons to make the regular tariffate.r The issuing of these "penny csrip"books was suggested by the Louisville& Nashville railroad and had been inconsideration in that office for overthree years. There is much complaintabout mileage books but by the new"penny scrip" each passenger cancheck his own mileage at all times.All he has to do is to find the regulartariff rate and figure the fare for himself. This "penny scrip" book will be thefirst $20 book ever sold by the Louisville & Naashville. This new scripwill reduce the fare to slightly over 2cents a mile. The average fare now isafcoat 3 c nts a mile. By buying 2,500coupons for S20 the passenger saves 20per cent on his fare. With a "pennyscrip" book, therefore, the passengerwill pay about 2 2-5 cents a mile.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFinal Adjustment Sale!The Last Stage of Our Re-organization! Final Payment Must BeMade to the Retiring Members ofthe Firm January 15th, and WeTherefore Inaugurate This Sale toRaise Necessary Cash Immediately,So as to be in entire readiness to cope with thegreat crowds that will be attracted by this very important event, our store was closed on Monday'January 1, to make the necessary re-arrangement ofstock and other preparations.Last June we announced to the public a re-organizationof this store brought about by the retirement of Mr. HenryKaufman and Mr. Benjamin Straus from this firm, Mr.Simon Wolf, Mr. Dolph Wile and Mrs. M. Blumenthal having bought out their interests. Ever since then we havemade rapid progress in the work of re-organizing and adjusting the affrirs of the firm, until now we come to thepoint where the actual transfer of interests takes place andfinal settlement is to be made with Messrs. Kaufman andStraus, 'January 15th. This means that we must raisewithin the very short space of 11 days, many thousands ofdollars CASH. Or, in other words, we must sell thousandsof dollars worth of merchandise every day between nowand January 15th. We fully realize that this is a colossalundertaking, requiring the most powerful and drastic resources at our command. The surest, quickest and mostpowerful way of accomplishing our purpose is to forgetprices for the time being and cut prices so phenomenallythroughout our stock that the people of Lexington andvicinity will be glad to take the merchandise off our handsand thereby enable us to raise the required sum. Hence,Thousands of Dollars Worth of Fresh, New, Fashionableand Seasonable Merchandise at the Most ExtraordinaryReductions in Years! The Greatest Bargains We HaveEver Offered. The savings on high-grade wanted merchandise you can make in this sale are simply phenomenal.They are almost unbelievable, in fact. But we are prepared to convince the most skeptical of the genuineness ofour offers. We Have Gone the Limit in Price Reaucing!Join the Crowds! Come and Save Money!LEXINGTON, KY.Negro Shoots Another OverDime., ' " COMPARATIVE DEPOSITS - - - '' j. December 15, 1910 $241,141 59 ,l- December 31, 1910 $263,115 56.'.June 30, 1911 $273,800 47 'July 18, 1911 ..... $309, 033 16 - ;December 5, 1911 ; $347,175 81December 30, 1911 $371,571 43Depository for United States Postal Savings and City of Paris:Examined Twice a Year by State Bank Examiners. " - , 4 ,President J. J4. Halli Cashier C. K. Thomas.Book Keepers Geo. Doyle, Fayette Ardery.Directors J. M. Hall, N. Kriener, E. H, Gorey, Duncan Bell, Robt. Meteer, L. M. Stuart, E. M. Dickson, S. S. Ardery.STATEMENT OP THE CONDITION OFBOURBON BANK & TRUST CO.'INCORPORATED)PARIS, KENTUCKY,AT THE CLOSE OF BUSINESS DECEMBER 31, 1911.Regular Dividend of. four per cent, placed to credit of Stockholders.y' RESo"URCESa,.VtfLbahs and Bills-- $485,.631.28""' Overdrafts 3,983.98Real Estate 14,000.00Furniture and Fixtures--- 500.00.Due from Banks 41,573.61Cash 21,940.23$567,629.10. - LIABILITIES.Capital Stock-! -$100,000.00Surplus J 40,000.00Undivided Profits.. ... 4,698.96-Reserved for Taxes . 1,941.12Notes Rediscounted-r 45,000.00Individual Deposits......... 375,989.02Notice to Consumers.Januar3' 1, 1912.We will discontinue all interior wiring and gas fitting- and repair workand confine our business strictly to thesupplying of Gas and Electric Current.There are a number of good firms intown doing gas fitting and electricwiring whom we reporr.nifcnd to curconsumeiaIn order, huwever, to accommodateour consumers, and insure them getting the best results, we will continueto handle the best grades of Gas andElectric Lamps and have reduced theprice to actual cost and will sell onlyfor SPOT CAH at the company'soffice. We will keep no book of account?.As to leakage or repairs, the pipes,wires and fixtures are the property ofthe consumer, with which we havenothing to do, but can be attended toby firms in that line of business.All complaints will be given immediate attention and promptly cared forup to and including the meter, andwhere necessary the service "will becut off until the trouble is remedied.Immediate notice must be given.With all our efforts directly given tothe furnishing of Gas and Current we'hope to give Paris the very best service and merit your commendation.THE PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.Incorporated.See price list of If mps.in a dimcuity during a crap gameand resulting from a. dispute over adime. James Gaines shot Arthur Johnson Sunday night at Millersburg, andas a result of which Johnson is in acritical condition at his home at thatplace.The trouble occurred Sunday nightabout 9 :30 o'clock, during a crap gamewhich was in progress at the home ofWill Washington, colored, and whichwas participated in by a number ofnegroes.The dispute arose when Johnson is3aid to have picked up a dime on thetable which Gaines claimed belongedto him. After a few words passed between the men, Gaines is alleged tohave drawn his rtvovler and fired at'Jchhsop.The bullet from the 44 caiibre revolvre took effect in his left breast, passing close to the heart and through thebody. Johnson's physicians are of the Jopinion that he 11 nit recover, al-though yesteidaj rmrm ijr his cor.rfi-i tion W2S somewhat i pr.ci.Immediately after the -:u oting.Gaines made his escapa by a rear window and up to this time hss l ot 1 eenapprehended. The police of this cicyihave received a description and noticeto be on the lookout for the' negro, butit is believed he went in the oppositedirection.Racing Body holds Meeting.At a meeting Tuesday afternoon inLexington of the Board of Directorsof the Kentucky Racing Association,James P. Ross was re-elected su perintrndent of the track and grounds, andSecretary Garrett D. Wilson was delegated to go to Louisville to attend arceetnig ith Matt J. Winn of theLouisville Jockey Club, and JohnHackmeister, of the Latonia JockeyClub to discuss dates for the racemeetirgs next spring. Lexingtonwould like to have about the saoie aslast year, embracing the first week ofMay.MONEYOur Reputation and MoneyBack of This Offer. "Are$567,629.10WE SOLICIT A SHARE OF YOURBUSINESSExamined Twice a Year by State Bank Examiners.'Directors J. T. Hinton, J. W. Davis, W. H. McMillan, B. A. Frank, Bnckner Woodford.. iOffice-rs Backner Woodford, Pres.; J. T. -Hinton, Vice.-Pris. ; S; 33 Bedford, Cashier: B. WAsst. .Cashier. ' , : ' ' - voodford, . Jr. ,v.W pay for all the medicine uspdduring the trial if our remedy fails tocompletely relieve you of constiation.We take all the risk. You are nntobligated to us in any way whateverif you accept our offer. Conld anything be more fair for you. Is tthereany reason why you should hesitate tout our ulaims to s practical teat.A most' scientific, common sensetreatment is Rexall Orderlies, whichare eaten like candy. They are verypronounced, gentle and pleasant inactiun, and particularly agreeable inevery way. Ihey do not causediariohea, nausea, flatulence, grioing,or cthtr inconvenience. Rexall Orderlies are particularly good fcr children,aged and delicate persons!: We .urge you to try Rexall Orderliesat our risk. Three sizes, 10c, 25c and5.0c. Remember, yoi san get RexallRemedies in this community enly atour ,stereThe Rexall fcStore. G. S.Varden Son.Look to the Future.Finish every day and be done withIt. You have done what you could.Some blunders and absurdities nodoubt crept in; forget them as soonas you can, tomorrow is the new day;begin it well and serenely, with toohigh a spirit to be cumbered by thepast. Emerson.Costly Knowledge.Every tailor knows a lot of promlsins young men. New York TribuneMule Market Looks Good.A Ul t it 1 1niiuuugu tnere naa Deen a verynoticeable decrease m the marketvalue or mule3 within the last year,owing to the high price of feed whichhas prevailed, and to the decline in theboutn on the values of cotton mules,yet the market in Bourbon county hasbeen very active, and two very important sates Dy local dealers have beenmade within the past few days, fortynine head of mare mules being disposed oi at an average price of $200 perhead. Twenty-four of this numberwere sold by Clarke & McClintock, ofParis, to Asa Jewell, of Lexington, atan average price of $200 per head, andtwenty-five head more sold hy Caywood & Thomason, of North Middletown, to G. W. Jordan, of Hawesville,Ga., at $200 each. These animals arfrom four to six years old and sixteenhands high. It is very piohafeie thatin February, or as aoon as the springsee sii cprn mules. will be in 'demandand-shouid bring good prices.,Victor-Victrola XIV, $150Other styles Victor-Victrola $(5 to $250Victors 510 to $100The ideal instrumentfor the home (The Victor-Victrola is the mostperfect and most satisfactory of allmusical instruments for the home.It combines all musical instrumentsand the perfect human voice, andsupplies in unlimited variety thefinest music in the world, sung andplayed by the most famous artists.There is no reason why youshouldn't possess a Victor-Victrola.Come in and we'll tell you how youcan pay for it on easy terms.Dangherty Bros.THE " BOURBON14 -NEWS, , PARIS,.KENTUCKY,. JAN,iJ?,J&12:e:LB0UKB0N NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGBowling Alley at School.A bowling alley has been added tothe gymnasium at the Paris CitySchool.The Fool of Flame.Read "The Pool of Flame a veryinteresting serial story which beginsin this issue on page 7.Terrell Wins in Speaker Race.In the race for the Speakership ofthe House at Frankfort yesterday Terrell was elected over Schobreth by avote of 43 to 28.TheTool of Flame.fir Read "The Pool of Flame.' ' a veryintereting serial story, which begins;n this issue on page 7.Building Lot Sold.Mr. Henry Holt sold this week tojvlr. J. H. Watkins a lot in the oldFair G:oinds addition. Mr. Watkinswill build a house on his new purchase.Full N. Y. Cream Cheese.When you want the genuine fullNew York cream cheese call us up.We have it2 2t SAUEK.Bank Stock Sold.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney sold publicly at the court house yesterday forClarence Wright, five shares of ParisDeposit Bank stock to J. M. Hall at$207 per share.Cattle Sales.W. G. McClintock shipped a carloadof cattle and a carload of hogs to theCincinnati market ;Saturday night.Caywood & McClintock sold to EdwardTurner 38 head of cattle, weighingabout 700 pounds each, at $35 per head.FEB SON 4L MENTION.Mr.nati.isMATRIMONIAL.Attention Bookkeepers.Ledgers, jornnah, day books, cashbooks, letter files, pens, inks, etc. Infact vereythmg a book-keeper needsin his office.PARIS BOOK CO.Notice.If the party who took the Meerschaum pipe with carved bowl fromour store a few days ago will returnsame to us at once, by mail or otherwise, nothing will bft said about it.G. S. VARDEN & SON.Small Farm Sold.Harris & Speak es sold Friday 12nrrps of unimDroved land on theBethlehem Dike, eight miles fromParis, belonging to T. F. Goodwin, ofMason county, to W. R. Freeman, ofScottjcounty. The price received wasS110 per acre. Possession given March1, 1912.January Bargains.We have our floors filled with bargains that we will offer to the Januarytrade. unairs, pictures, rocK-eia,fnhlps. rues. etc. Special attentioninven to the wall oaper trade.J. T. HINTON.Two More Fined-Willis McClure and Raymond Johnson, colored, charged with crap shooting, were fined $20 in Squire Fretwell'scourt Friday. Johnson and McClureescaped from a house in Sandy Bottomwhich was raided by the officers during the progress of a crap game several days ago. They were later captured by Patrolman McKenney.Dress Suit Lost.The pa-ty who borrowpd my dresssuit is i q .esttd to return same atonce.2 3t JOE MITCHELL.Fine Showing.u?ust Gutzeit. of Cincinviaitor in the city.'Jr. Fred Sauer, of Lexington,spent Sunday with relatives here.Rev. Dr. F. J. Cheek, of Danville,was a visitor in the city yesterday.Edward Mvall visited Allen and-V irgil Lary in Winchester Saturday;Mr. James Engleman visited relatives in Stanford, his old home, Sunday. Mrs D.. R. Thompson, of Maysville, was a visitor in the city yesterday. Mils Rachel Wiggins is the guestof Miss Mary Baird at South Charleston, Ohio.Mr. Jamea Ingle has returned tohis home in Chicago after a visit torelatives here.Miss Amelia Leer, who teaches atMiddlebsoro, is the guest of Mr. andMrs. W. R. Scott.The Progressive Culture Club willmeet Tuesday afternoon at theirr;?i;ms at 2:30 o'clock.Mrs. C. F. Maurer and Miss MaryWinn, of Lexington, are guests of Mr.and Mrs. James McClure.Miss Bettie Smith has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mis. NeelyRanson, in Augusta, Ga.Miss Mary Ranon is at Augusta,Ga., to spend the winter with herbrother, Mr. Neely Ranson.O. L. Davis. Ed Burke and S. K.Nichoh leave today for Louisville toattend the leaf tobacco sales.Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompson andchildren returned yesterday after avisit to relatives in Covington.Miss Elizabeth Yerkes went to Mt.Sterling Saturday to be the guest untiltoday of her cousin, Miss Lucy ClayWoodford.Mrs. Joseph Ecton and daughter,Miss L.'zsie Mae Ecton, who have beenthe guests of Mr. and Mrs.- G. D. Taylor, have returned to their home inWinchester.Miss Hazel Cottingham returnedyesterday from Winchester, ind.,wheie she has been visiting her aunt,Mrs. G. E. Leggett.Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Thompsonhave moved to their attractive newpnttnee on Cvnress street, which hasjust been completed.Mrs. Chas. Clendenin was broughthome yesterday from a Lexington hos-nital where she has been under treatment, and is much improved.As we go to press tne youngsociety folk and the young marriedpeople of Paris are enjoying an elegant german which is being given atElks Hall.Miss Elizabeth Hinton left yesterday morning to resume her studies atChristian College, Columbia, Mo.,after psending the holidays with herparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Hinton.Miss Mars Allen Hutchcraft entertained a number of little friends witha course luncheon yesterday afternoonat her home in East Paris. Afterwardthe little folk enjoyed a theatre partyat the Comet."Miss Carolyn Roseberry left Saturday for a visit to her cousin, MissEliazbeth Whittridge, at Baltimore,Md.. to be away about three monthsand will go to New York City andI other places of interest. jMrs. Russell Dyche and little sonreturned to her home in London yesterday aftet a visit of a week with heibrothers, Messrs. Ernest and WalterMartin in this city. She was accompanied home by Mr. Dyche who cameto this city Sunday.Mr. Harry Stivers, of Lexingtonwas a visitor in Paris yesterday. Mr.Stivers is connected with the engineering corps in the construction of the L.& E. railroad and is located aboutseventy miles from Jackson.A reunion of the family of the lateMr. and Mrs. Christopher Gorey wasChristmas day at the home ofi Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Gorey, on EastI Tenth street. This was the first reun-ion the family has held for ten yearsand was a very pleasant affair. Thosenrpsen-were: Rev. Father Jas. L.Wednesday afternoon Miss Nora L.English and Mr. C. W. McGinnis weremarried at 4:30 o'clock at the home ofthe officiating minister Rev. I. K.Spencer, in Lexington. Several relatives and friends were present.The bride wore a suit of white clothand her bouquet was of white roses.She is an unusually pretty girl andheld the position of stenographer foithe firm of R. Arnspiger in Lexington.Mr. McGinnis is a popular conductoron the Paris Interurban line and a sonof Mr. and Mrs. J. H. McGinnis, ofthis city.The good wishes of many ftiendspredict for the couple a life of happiness and prosperity.A marriage license was issuedSaturday to Mr. A. J. King and Mrs.Meady Mastin.Miss Edna Earl Green, daughterof the late Mr. Robert Green, and asister of Mr. Blanton Green, of Paris,and Mr. Samuel James Dorchester, aSt. Louis, Mo., banker, were quietlymarried at Maysville on Christmasday.The bride, who has been living atSt. Louis, was making a visit to hersister, Mrs.. Hamlet Sharp, m Maysville, and by prearrangementjthe bridegroom came on from St. Louis, toclaim his bride, the wedding taKingplace at the Sharp residence at twoo'clock in the presence of a Ifew relatives and intimate friends. Kev. rt.1. Benn, pastor of the Central Presbyterian church in Maysville, performingthe ceremony. . After the ceremonyMr. and Mrs. Dorchester Jef t forLouis.DEATH.The Pool of Flame..Read "The Pool of Flame," a veryinteresting serial story which beginsin this issue on page 7.Found.Nice pistol. Owner can have sameby proving property and paying forthis advertisement.St.Little Alexander Duke Woodford,the infant son of Mr. and Mrs. JamesWoodford, died '.Friday morning ateight o'clock. The nurial was heldSaturday morning at ten o'clock in theParis cemetery. Much sympathy isfelt for the bereaved young parents.Mr. Bedford Deaver, aged thirtyfive years, died Sunday morning at teno'cloc, at his home on the Jackstownpike.He had been in ill health for aboutthree years, suffering with rneumatism lung and heart trouble, but thedirect cause of his death was uraemicpoison.Mr. Deaver is survived by his wife,who was Miss Campbell, of Carlisle,and three children, the oldest of whomis seven years of age, and the youngest three. Two sisters. Mrs. CarrieStnne and Mrs. Fannie Lancston. andone broth? r, Mr. Lee Deaver, also survive.The burial will take place this mornintr at 11 o'clccK the procession Jeavine- the residence at ten o'clock.' Ser-ifes at the crrave bv Elder Carey E.Morgan.WM. COLLIN'S SALEOFPoland ChinaBoars and SowsATarlisle, Ky., Jan. 11, 1912,At H. N. Rankin's Sale and' Exchange Stable.See catalogue and bills for particulars.At same time and place will sell 23head Shropshire Down ewes, bred toimported ram. 2j2tParis GrandWEDNESDAY,JANUARY-3(GREETING:The year just closing has been exceptionally satisfactory for us, and we thank those who have helped us.We realize that our success comes from the staunchsupport we have 'received from those who have favored uswith their patronage, and we therefore take this opportunity to extend our most cheerful greetings for the season.During the coming year, more than ever before, weshall endeavor to satisfy those with whom it shall be ourgood fortune to do business. ,Our heartiest good wishes for a Happy New YeaIW. Ed TuckeriFee's CashHenry W. Link Presents the Acme ofbuccess,FATTYFELIXA Comedy (Drama in 4 Acts) withMusic. Two and one-half hours ofsolid fun. Presented with a first-classcompany of actors, singers and dancers.Produced with special scenery.Fun From Start to Finish.8-Musical Vaudeville Numbers-We wish to call your attention to tl e ; Gorey, Chancellor and Secretary of thestatement of the Deposit Bank of th scity on page 4 in this issue. Theyshow the largest depoists and loarsthat the intsitution has ever shownThe riennsits show an increase of overrnuincrfrnn riincese : Mr. and Mrs. A.C. Collins, Miss Cassie Gorey and A.J. Gorey. all of Covington; R. C.cnrpv nf Mnntcrou.ery. Ala. : John A.nd Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Goreyof130,000 since December one year ago. t Paris.and the stock value has increased morethan $40 per shE re sin eJanuzr. oneyear ago, as shown by recpnt sslts,thereby making the stcckholders morethan 40,000.A Healthy Institution.We direct attention to the statement-of the condition the First MationalBank which appears in this issue ofthe News on page 4. It not only has aalrge increase in the deposits but theearnings for the past six months are$12,413.81 which is a fine showing.The increase in the surplus of $10,000making a total of $70,000. Read thestatement over, compare it with otherhanks and be convinced that Pans hasone of the best institutions of the kindin the State of Kentucky.One of the most enjoyable of lastweek's parties was the one given byMiss Louise Connell for her youngfriends on Thursday afternoon. Thehome on Seventh street was decoratedwith Christmas bells, holly and cedar,and the guests amused themseleswith music, dancing and games. Delightful refreshments consisting cficss, cakes and home made candies,in which the party colors, green ar dpink, were carried out, were served.As a souvenir each child was presented with an attractive letter folder containiner a Dicture of the hostess. Aboutthirty-five guests were present, amongthem Miss Anita Sower, of Frankfort,mhn returned home Saturday accom-Miss Anna Thornton andlittle Miss Connell.Mr. John D: Bruer, aged 76 years,died at his home on Fourth street inthis city Saturday night of generaldebility. He has been in ill health forsome time and his death has beenrrnmentarilv exDected for severaldavs.Mr. Bruer was born ne?r Maysville, JKy., October 27, 1835. and was married March 8. 1865 to Miss Mary J.Gault, of Cincinnati.For many years he was book keeperfor A. Finch & Company, of Maysville, and was well known to all theolder citizens throughout that sectionof Kentucky as a man of the highestintergity.Mr. Bruer came to fans January l,1895. accepting the position of bookkeeper for the Power Grocery Company which position he held for fifteenyears, or until declining health compelled him to retire from active work.He was known to the merchants inthis section as "Judge" Bruer.He united with the Methodist churchearly in life, and lived a consistantChristian ilfe. "He is survived by hiswife and one daughter, Miss LouiseBruer. Wtf3JhiiSThe funeral services were held atthe residence yesterday morning at 11o'clock conducted by Rev. J. S.Simras. of the Methodist church, assisted by Rp.vrJ. L. Clarke, of Winchester. rlhe remains were taken toMnvHvi !!. an the 12 :U5 d. m. train toMaysville for burial.Notice.The fraternal Order of Eagles havechanged their meeting place from theK. of F. Hall to tne &iks rsunaing anuthe meeting nijjht trom luesaay toWednesday night of each week, lhefust meeting at the new lodge roomwill be held Wednesday, January 6,1912. After the installation ot omcersfor the ensuing year a Dutch luncnwill be served. All members of theLodge as well ss all visiting Eaglesare cordially invited to be present andspend a pleasant evening.T. F. ROCHE, Secretary.8Pleases old as well as young. Guaranteed to please the majority or moneyback. What more can one ask?PoDular nrices - Dress Circle 75c:Parquette 50c; Balcony 35c; Gallery 25cana 35c, Keservea seats may De secured at Mitchell & -.Blakemore's Monday.IISTONE'SSilver SliceMephisto1 0c eachFEE'S- TA- r-FOR SALE.Three Buff Orpington roosters forsale. Will sell for $2 each.2 3t JOE MITCHELL.THE FAIR!Break Up Dance But SufferPenalty.An incident, resulting in a near-jiot,occurred Friday night during a danceat the Elks. Hall which was beinggiven by the young men of the county.Two young men of this city made theirarngatance rn the floor of the hallwithh two women of ill-repute the jsight of which engaged the maleparticipants in the dance. One of theboys was badly used up when severalsprang upon him, and were administering a stvere beating when severalothers inte rlerred and put u stop tofurther hostilities. Tne other boy,with the two women, made his escapeas soon as it becaftte apparent that hiscompanion was in for a warm time.Tne performance had the effect ofreakine ur the dance and in policec 'ire Saturdav moraine the malei fenders were-civen a .fine jt-f $27.50Suit Against C. 0.Suit in behalf of the State seekingto recover ;fromfcthe"Chesapeake andOhio railroad $985,000 due it is said onallpeed omitted franchise tax reportsfiled in the years from 1907 to 1911 inclusive, was filed in Frankfort lasti- Tf i fhniored that in the tueyears the roari paia taxes on $197,000,-000 less valuation man it shuuiu.Carriers B.red in Politics.Several thousand rural free deilveryletter earners are barred from activepraticipation in politics by an executive order, signed by President laftSunday and issued yesterday. It forbids the ruraL letter carriers from pernicious activity in politico and fnimnors the Civil Service Commifsipnfiuf.d to be so .engaged;Wishing One andAll a Happy andF rosperous NewYear : : : :THEFAIRHappy New Year-v.-We wish to thank the public for the liberalpatronage during the past year, the largest in thehistory of our store. We have endeavored tosatisfy every customer, no matter how small hispurchase was.We wish every person in Bourbon County aHappy New Year.J. TV HIa-INTONfIacich. rto dismiss, anyTHE BO.URBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 1912.Gave Up Hope"I suffered five years, with awful pains, due to womanly troubles," writes Mrs. M. D. McPherson, from Chadbourn, N. C. "They grew worse, till I would often faintI could not walk atall, and I had an awful hurting in my :side; also a headache and a backache.I gave up and thought I would die, but my husbandurged me to try Cardui, so, I began, and the' first' bottledhelped me. By the time the third bottle was used, I could ;Jdo all my work. All the people around here said I would Adie, but Cardui relieved me."SOME HINTS ON SWEEPINGBroom in the. Hands of the Inexperienced Often Does More HarmThan Good.TAKECarduiTheWomarffcTonicFor more than 50 vears, Cardui has been relievingwoman's sufferings, and making weak women strong andwell. During this time, thousands of women have written,like Mrs. McPherson, to tell of the really surprising resultsthey obtained by the use of this purely vegetable, tonicremedy for women.Cardui strengthens, builds, restores, and relieves or prevents unnecessary pain and suffering from womanly troubles.If you are a woman, begin taking Cardui, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Ctatttnoora Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tenntnr StLial Instructions, and 64-oaae book. "Home Treatment tor Women, sent free. J 49' Cement For Sale.Ke have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!1 Drives out blood poison in any1 stage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or by- express, $1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samples1 sent free by writing Blood Balm Oo. ,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Market Price I am' Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenu. Phone 374Bloodin Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, RasEczem hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen. Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodlne Ointment tor Eczema and find Ita most effective remedy."W.T. Brooks, Agent.Announcement,I have located in Paris for the purpose of conducting a generalContracfcingandBuilding Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle your"buildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamNEW BARBER SHOPModern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.It is not an easy matter to sweepwell, at any rate, if one judges by experience, for when a broom, is put Into the hands of the inexperiencedmore harm than good generally resultsfrom the use of it.Light sweeping and soft brooms aredesirable. Many a carpet is prematurely worn out-by careleus sweepingIn sweeping thick plied carpets, always brush the way of the pile. Bydoing so it may be kept clean foryears; but if the hroom is used in adifferent way the dust will enter thecarpet and soon destroy it.If the .carpet covers the whole floorof the room and It is nailed down,place the chairs and other articles offurniture which can be easily movedtin the middle of the room, pin up thecurtains and cover the couch with anold sheet.Pieces of damp paper may besprinkled round the sides of the room,and then sweep with a carpet broomtoward one place.Take short strokes, being carefulnot to raise the broom much. Sweepthe corners and edges with a smallwhiskbroom.Put two tablespoonfuls of ammoniainto one gallon of water; wring a clothout of this and wipe the carpet. "Thiswill remove the dust and help tobrighten the carpet.TT i 1 1t internationalGasolineENGINESPLAIN WASHING SODA'S USESChemical Is Great Saver of Work andAlmost Indispensable to theHousekeeper.Uses for common washing soda:One heaping tables poonful of soda toa pint of water (boiling) will cleanthe ugliest burned pan by letting itsoak a few hours.In boiling clothes a few tablespoonfuls of "soda in the water will eradicate stains from clothes and lend asnowy whiteness. I have used it onthe finest quality of white goods withentire satisfaction. It will not injurethe material.To clean a coffee or tea pot madeof granite or lined with porcelain, fillup the utensil with cold water, set onstove to boil, and add a lump of sodaas large as a hazelnut to the water.It cleanses perfectly. In fact, , sweetsness is Insured after its usage in every instance.To clean silver: Put a level tablespoonf ul in dishpan, add a quart ofcold water, put on fire to boil (putsilver in pan in the cold water), andwipe immediately after the water boilsup. Result: Perfectly shined silverware without any trouble. These arehints I learned for myself on theusages of soda.All Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting Machinery.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDTo My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. t Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersHotel, or call up Home hone 37, East I, Vpin in o-ettins: them fromTenn. phone 128-2. j f r jends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.w.c.HESTERTWIN BROS.,Cfofching Department91mWe Arc Showing for Pail and Winter StrictlyAH-Woo! Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily 20,our Special $15.Overcoats in evcy new cut and weave, prices range from7 50, 10, $12.5 $15, $18 and 20. 'We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $1 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4,The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, 13.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, $2.50, $3. ...Pull line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and 2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing1 and Shoe Department.1Lemon Jelly.An excellent rule for lemon jelly,which 1s nice either as a dessert byitself or as a foundation for an elaborate sweet, calls for two cupfuls ofboiling water, two small lemons, halfa big cupful of sugar and two largetablespoonfuls of gelatine, or as muchas will stiffen the mixture when it becomes cold. Soak the gelatine inbarely enough cold water to cover it,and when it becomes soft melt itcompletely by setting the cup it is inin boiling hot water. Then stir it immediately into the lemon juice, waterand sugar, which should be heatingon the stove. Let the jelly hardenon ice or snow after pouring it intoa mold.MENWhen afflicted with dioease, do not waste yourhard-earned money andvaluable ti me experimenting with uncertaintreatments, but79 JtiSfliCOME TO US.Oar long experience has Uught n what to do fromtbe start We know how. Let as nave youmoney, time nail aufierlaff. Don't let lack ofmoney keep you away. If you are out of work youcan arranee to pay our small professional fee lateron. AoIoha of tlinc while taking our treatmentyou can keep right ou with your work.IF YOU SUFFER S 5KSSPhimosis, Hydrocele, Varicocele, Stricture, BloodPoison, Rheumatism, Ulcers, Sores. Skin Diseases,or Nervous Debility, or any special ailment thathas been hanging on for weeks or months, resistingthe treatment of Tarious doctors and druggistsuntil you are discouraged call and let us showyou how quljkly such troubles can be cured by theRIG1IT treatment.11ni TCT For fret Quettion List andIf 1 I I mm Book on Men't Vntattt. (Cincinnati Men-Specialist Go,,521 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.Olive Trees Centuries Old.Olive trees of Syria live to a greatage. Some, known to be over 4,000years old, are still in a flourishingcondition and likely to bear fruit formany years to come.Monumental Majority.If one could get the vote of thosewho feel worse the day after a holidaythan they did the day before, he probably could be elected. Atchison Globe.Wimmmmmmmfill WPWi vmGiganticHoliday SaleAtTwin Bros. DepartmentStore, beginningSaturday,December 16,Display of Toys,Drygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Furs, Shoes, Millinery.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky& wwrnmrnt8 St! 8SMince Meat.Four pounds of beef, one pound suet,half pound citron, one pound raisins,one pound currants, half pint sugar,half pint vinegar, half pint of New Orleans molasses! one small glass ofbrandy, a glass either of currant orloganberry jelly, one riutmeg, one tahlespon cloves, cinnamon and allspice.Boil the beef, pepper and alt totaste. Cut off all the fat and gristle.Add one and three-quarters more ofapples than meat. Chop apples fine.If not sweet enough add more sugar.Boil two hours on back of stove. Thiswill keep several weeks. Seal as youwould fruit.Honey Candy.Put half a pound of honey into asaucepan, add half 'a pound of sugar,one tablespoonful of cream and adessertspoonful of cold water, thenmix and stir well. Allow to standfor one hour. Put over a moderatefire, stirring gently until it is stiffenough to pull. Pour into butteredtins. When cool enough to handlepull and cut into small pieces.;Queen Charlotte Pudding.One pint of bread crumbs, one quartof milk, one cup of sugar, yolks offour eggs, butter size of a walnut.Bake half an hour. Take out of theoven, and cover with currant jellyBeat whites of the four eggs, one cupof sugar, juice of one lemon, spreadover the jelly and brown in the oven.Lemon Meringue Pie.'Grated rind and juice of large lemon,'fne cup sugar, two egg yolks, one tablespoon, cornstarch, butter size ofwalnut. Add. enough cold water tofill pie tin. Cook until thickened. Bakecrust first, put in filling, spread overtop beaten whites of eggs, with onetablespoon of sugar. Brown In ovei.Hastens Egg Beating.Some housekeepers believe thateggs will beat more quickly if a pinchof salt, is added to them.If you nrs ?"i??rln from Eczema,Psoriasis or a ay orsicr kind of skintrouble, drop into our 'store for instant relief. "We will guarantee youto stop that itch iri 7?o 3econd3.A "5c trial bottle will prove it.Wc have sold other remedies forskin trouble;?, but none that we couldrecommenu inore highly than the wellknown compound of il ,of TVinterfTPen, Tpvmol and r. few other ingredienlc a! Uuve wrought such wonderful curr-H u'.l over the country.This cotnpu". known as D. D. D.Prescription. wiJl ioo and heal theitchv, bi;rr.ii(2r :Kiu :s nothing elsecan." Oft a r- wxlr -boitlo ::::d. see onour no-pay otter,G. S. Varden & Son.-4 - fi-'sj.'- -V.INSURE YOUR PROPERTYAgainst Fire, Tornado andLightning. Tw0 old reliable, prompt paying companies.Joe. G. Mitchell,in ,1 Iluargoien s.The Best ofHome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, EtcMargolen,L Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Phone 162AgentMISS JESSIE BROWNArt EmbroideryMaterials,Dolls and Fancy Novelties,E. Tenn. 'Phone 716.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOJrjFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSON SAL, 3 OAIL.YVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDDIN J KG CARSSERVING ALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETUHMWG UNTiL MAY 31, 1512.FOR FULL PARTlGlilARS, ALL 08 HY BGKET ACERT, QUEEH.& OEESGEhTBCaiS,OB TCIUTEH. C. KING, Passenger .an Ticket Acct; XOl E. Main St, LEXirtcrroT&i??:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 2, 1921,FREE REMEDY HELPS CHILDRENMany a mother has learned of a I Nine times out of ten when a childVay of avoiding sickness m her f am- complains and you don't know ex-ily, especially among mc tnuarcn, pyjactiy what is the matted with it, itthe use of a ree sample bottle of the j needs a laxativeits bowels are con-famous laxative, Dr. Caldwell s Syruppepsin, inis oner or tne aoctors tosend a free sample bottle has been recoonded to by thousands of womenin all parts of America.Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is atruly wonderful laxative and espec.ally adapted to the needs of babiesand children because it is pleasant totaste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is allthat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for thewhole family because it is effectiveit aJkages. It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should- not be given to children under arry -circumstances.Germs Spread in SkinEczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofserins at work in the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly multiply, gnawing theirway deep into the sensitive tissue.This is what causes that awful itch,and what seemed -a. mere rashmav grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing skin diseaseV7ith its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thegerms at the beginning of the troublewith that soothing and cleansing wash,the D. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.A 25c bottle will prove this to you.G. S. Vai den 8c Son.ITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratch.until you feel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your bodyuntil it seems as if you could "noJosuper endure these endless days oC.awfnl torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.Then a few drops of D- D. D theJam&as Eczema Specific and. Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Comfort znd rest at last!I. IX D. is a simple external wash,tl vat cleanses and heals the inflamed,skin as nothing else can. A recognized.?pcific for Eczema, Psoriasis; SaltIlbeem or any other skin, trouble.UTt can give you a full size hottlcof the genuine D. D. D. remedy forSLW and if the very first bottle failsto ffive relief It will not cost you aceat.VTe also can give you a sample bottle for 2 cents. "Why suffer anotherday when, you can get D. D. D.2G. s. Viirden & Son.THE PARISQvicK Lunch andIVocfTi Til TintI The Home of Good Cooking,I for Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 24 PARIS, KY.Unnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aufflGtf East Tenn. Phoe 669The HealReading LampOpticians agree that the light from a good.?pileasier on the eyes than any pther artificial light, :XThe Ravo Lamp -is the test oil lamp, made- !. r .Itgives a MrohQ yebsott, whites the eyesight of the young;. itYou can MV-S5. $10, or $20servesbetter light than the low-priced Rayo gives.Made of solid brass, nickel-plated. Easily -lighted, without removing shade or chimney. Easy to clean and rewfek.DcaWr everywhere; or write for derive ckctokr direct lo any of tk.Standard Oil Company(Iaearprtei) . - " . 'stipated. Syrup Pepsin vill correctthe trouble, tone up theWhild andsoon it will be well again wonderful results have been secured withSyrup Pepsin over night.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, thelatter being the family size, but youare invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address today and he will sendyou a free sample bottle direct toyour home. Then when satisfied buyit of your favorite druggist.For the free sample address him.Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding, Monticello. 111."We' have had experience with many"remedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures a3those from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the .very, first application. We are so confident that D. "D. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle falls to make good every claim.If you have skin trouble of anykind we certainly advise you to dropin and investigate the merits of D. I.D. anyway. "Wo know that D. D. Iwill help you..in wiiii iiiiJiwtm)wjijBBusy Embroiderers.As early as 1773 oiver G,000 womenwere engaged in stitching the fine erabroideries which made St. Gall famous even in those early days. Thenumber had increased by the beginning of 1800 to 30,000, the industryhaving extended to Baden, Wurtemburg, Bavaria, western Austria and allthe country, about Lake Constance.Slow Progress. tA friend met a youthful and lazyauthor on the street."How is your novel getting along?"he asked."Oh. I've begun It," answered theauthor proudly The two did not meetagain for several weeks. At the nextencounter, the friend again asked:"Well, how's your novel?"The author paused a moment."Let me see," he said, "where did1 tell you I was in it when I saw youthe last time?""You said you'd beguu it." answeredthe friend."Well I've still begun It," confessed the author. g:;i:tilyPlatinum.Referring to platinum, books saythat "this metal has never yet beensuccessfully deposited as a protectingcoating to other metals" and add "themetal to be plated -must be coppered."ASHAMED OF HER FACE"I was ashamed of my face," -writesMiss Pickard of North Carolina. "Itwas all full of pimples and scars, butafter using D. D. D. Prescription forEczema I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema and that waathree years ago."This is but one of thousands of casesin which D. D. D. has simply washedaway the skin trouble. D. D. D.cleanses the skin of the germs of Eczema, Psoriasis and other serious skindiseases; stops the itch instantly, andwhen used with D. D. D. soap the curesseem to be permanent. Nothing likeD. D. D. for the complexion.Trial bottle 25 cents, enough . toprove the merit of this wonderful remedy .We can also give you a full sizebottle for $1.00 on our absolute guarantee that if this very first bottle failsto give you relief it will cost you nothing. G. S. Varden & Son.1- -I . 1 . . f! " T ..."light; ana it never iuua.helps and quickens that of the eld.for other lamps, but you cannot getFLAMby LOUIS JOSEPH VANCILLUSTRATIONSBYELLSWOItTHYOTJNGC0PYR1CHT 1909 By LOUIOSEPH VANCE1CHAPTER I.A still and sultry dusk had fallen,closing an oppressive, wearing day:one of those days whose sole functionseems to reside in rendering us irritably conscious of our too-close casings of too-solid flesh; whose humidand inert atmosphere, sodden withtepid moisture, clings palpably to thebody, causing men to feel as if theycrawled, half-suffocated, at the bottom of a sea of rarefied water.The hour may have been eight; itmay have been not quite that, but itwas almost dark. The windows wereoblongs, black as night in the yellowwalls of O'Rourke's bedchamber in theHotel d'Oxient, Monte Carlo.I have the honor to make knownto you the O'Rourke of CastleO'Rourke in the county of Galway,Ireland: otherwise and more widelyknown as Colonel Terence O'Rourke;a chevalier of the Legion of Honor ofPnncfi- sometime an officer in theForeign Legion in Algiers; a wanderer, spendthrift, free-lance, cosmopolite a gentleman-adventurer, he's beentermed.He was dressing for dinner. Theglare of half a dozen electric bulbs discovered him all but ready for publicappearance not, however, quite ready.In his shirt sleeves he faced a cheval-glass, pluckily (if with the haggardeye of exasperation) endeavoring tooutmaneuver a demon of inanimateperversity which had entered into hisdress tie, inciting it to refuse to assume, for all his coaxing and his stratagems, that effect of nonchalant perfection so much sought after, so seldom achieved.Patently was the thing possessedby a devil; O'Rourke made no mannerof doubt of that. Though for minutesat a time he fumbled, fidgeted, fumedit was without avail.His room itself was in a state ofr"nsiderable disorder something duemainly to O'Rourke's characteristic efforts to find just what he might happen to desire at any given time without troubling to think where it oughtproperly to be.Something of this confusion, mirrored in the glass, was likewise refleeted in O'Rourke's eyes, what timehe paused for breath and profanity."Faith, 'tis worse than a daw's nestthe place," he admitted, scandalized"How ever did I one lone man doall that, will ve be telling me?" Heflung out two helpless baffled handsand let them fall. After a meditativepause he added: "Damn that Alsatian!" with reference to his latest.and least competent valet, who hadbut recently been discharged with aflea in his ear and a month's unearned wage in his pocket. "For knowingme ways," sighed O'Rourke, "therewas never anyone the like of Danny'For as many as three livelong daysthis man had been reduced to the necessity of dressing himself with hisown fair hands and that at leastthrice daily who did nothing byhalves. And, somehow, mysteriously,his discarded garments had for themost part remained where he hadthrown them, despite the earnest efforts of the femme de chambre to restore something resembling order fromthis man-made chaos. For servantsall liked well the O'Rourke, improvident soul that he was, freehandedto a fault.You are invited to picture to yourself O'Rourke as invarlaoly he wasin one of his not infrequent but evertransient phases of affluence: that is,a very magnificent -figure indeed.Standing a bit over six feet, deep ofchest and lean of flank, with his long,straight legs he looked what he hadbeen meant to be, a man of arms andaction. His head was shapely, itsdark hair curling the least in theworld ; and, incredibly stained, a transparent brown, his features were lean,eager, and rendered very attractiveby quick boyish eyes in whose warmblue-gray depths humor twinkledmore often than not, though thosesame eyes were not seldom thoughtful, a trace wistful, perhaps, withthe look of one who recalls dear memories, old friends and sweetheartsloved and lost. . . . For he vhad 1begun to live early in life and hadmuch to look back upon, though forall that it's doubtful if he were morethan thirty at the time he became involved in the fortunes of the Poolof Flame.For the rest of him, barring the refractory tie, the man was strikinglywell groomed, while his surroundingsspoke for comfortable circumstances.On the authority of the absent and regretted Danny, who had long served'the O'Rourke in the intimate capaci-ties of body-servant, confidant andchancellor of the exchequer (this last,sof course, whenever there happenedto be any exchequer to require a chan-"cellor) , there was never anyone ,at allwho could spend money or wearclothes like himself, meaning the master. And at this time O'Rourke wasostensibly in funds and consequently(as "the saying runB cutting a wideswath. Heaven and himself only knewthe limits of his resources; but hismanner -a Monte Cristo misht haveaped to advantage. His play was awonder of the Casino; for the matterof that, his high-handed and extravagant ways had made the entire Prin-1cipality of Monaco conscious of hi3presence in the land. And you failin the least to understand the natureof the man if you think for a momentthat it irked him to be admired, pointed out, courted, pursued. He was, indeed, never so splendid as whenaware' that he occupied the public eye.In short, he was just an Irishman.. . So, then, it's nothing wonderful that he should seem a thought finical about the 'set of his tie. SNow as he stocd scowling at hisimage, and wishing irom tne bottomof his heart he had never been foolenough to let Danny leave him, andcalling fervent blessings down uponthe head of the fiend who first design-jed modern evening-dress for men ho !found himself suddenly with a mind jdivested oL,any care whatever and at-.tentive alone to a sound which Cameto him faintly, borne upon the heavy :wings of the sluggish evening air. JIt was nothing more nor less than a fwoman singing softly to herself (hum-:ming would probably be the more accurate term), and it was merely thetune that caught his fancy; a bit ofan out song ne nimseit naa oncebeen wont to sing, upon a time whenhe had been a happier man. It seemed strange to hear it there, strangerstill that the woman's voice, indistinctas it was, should have such a familiarring in his memory. He frowned inwonder and shook his head. "The ageof miracles is past," he muttered;" 'twould never be herself. I've hadme chance and forfeited it. 'Twillnot come to me a second time. . . ."The singing ceased. Of a suddenO'Rourke swore with needless heat,and, plucking away the offending tie,cast it savagely from him. "The divvle fly away with ye!." he said. "Is itbent on driving me mad ye are? I'dgive me fortune to have Danny back!. . . Me fortune faith!" He laugh-ed the word to bitter scorn.'Tismeself that never had the least of anything like that without 'twas femininewith a 'mis-' tacked onto the frontof it!" And he strode away to thewindow to cool off.It was like him to forget his exasperation in the twinkling of an eye;another mood entirely swayed him bythe time he found himself gazing outinto the vague, velvety dusk that mo-i 51 1 J 11ineniariiy was uiosmg aowu upuu uiefairy-like panorama of terraced gardens and sullen, silken sea. Histhoughts had winded back to jhadeair6man of whom thaT fragmentof melody had put him in mind; andhe was sighing and heavy of heartwith longing for the sight of her andthe touch of her hand.Even as he watched, stark night fell,black as a pocket beneath a portentous pall of cloud. . . . Far outupon the swelling bosom of the Mediterranean a cluster of dim lights betrayed a stealthy coasting steamer,O'Rourke Caught his Breath, Stunned.making westward. Nearer, In the harbor, a fleet of pleasure craft, ridingat anchor on the still, dark tide, wasrevealed in many faint, wraith-likeshapes of gray, all studded with yellow stars. Ashore, endless festoons ofcolored lamps draped the gloom of theterraces; the facade of the Casinostood out lurid against the darkness;the hotels shone with reflected brilliance, the palace of the Prince deMonaco loomed high upon the peninsula, its elevations picked out withlines of soft fire.:The 0!Rourke shookhis -head,-conderhnins:. it all. " 'Tis beautiful.iLahe'.said: "faith, yes! 'tis allfof that. iButIim thinking 'tis tooibeautifulrtolbegood for one like ttome fwomenEvelknown in me time. 'Tis notgood forTerence that's sure; 'tis theO'Rourke that's 4going stale land "softwith all this easy living. . . Methat has more than many another tolive for and hope for and strive for!. . . And I'm lingering here in thevery lap of luxury stuffing meself withrare food, befuddling meself withrarer wjnes me that has fought aday and a' night and a half a day atonof that on notching and ,a glass ofmuddy water! -risking me money asit there was no end to it, throwing itaway in scandalous tips, like anydrunken sailor! And all for the spantsatisfaction of behaving like a fool ofan Irishman. . . 'Tis sickening disgusting; naught less. . . . I'mthinking this night ends it, though;come the morning I'll be pulling upstakes and striking out for a healthier,simpler place, where there's something afoot a man can take an interest in without losing his self-respect. . . I'll do just that, I will!"This he meant, firmly, and was gladof it, with a heart immeasurably lightened by the strength of his good resolution. Ho began to hum the oldtune that the unknown woman's voicehad set buzzing in his brain, andbroke off to snap his fingers deflant-ly at the Casino."That for ye!" heflouted it "sitting there witn yourpainted smile and your cold eyes, likethe brazen huzzy ye are Goddess ofChance, indeed! thinking ye havebut to bide your time for all men tocome and render up their souls to ye!Here's once ye lose, madam; after thisr.iIit I'm done with ye; not a sou ofri'r.e will ever again cross your taI'll have ye to understand theO'Rourke's a reformed character fromthe morning on!"He laughed softly, in high featherwith his conceit; and, thinking cheerfully of the days of movement andcnange that were to follow, the songin his heart shaped itself in wordsupon his lips. ... v"I'm Paddy WhackFrom Ballyhack,Not long ago turned soldier OAt grand attack,Or storm or sack,None than I will prove bolder O!"His voice was by way of being atenor of tolerable quality and volume,but untrained nothing wonderful. Itwas just the way he trolled out therollicking stanza that rendered it infectious, irresistible. For as hepaused the voice of the woman thathad reminded him of the song cappedthe verse neatly."An whin we .get the route"Wid a shout,How they pout!Wid a ready right-aboutGoes the bould soldier-boy!"O'Rourke caught his breath, startled, stunned. "It can't be" hewhispered. For if at first her voice,subdued in distance, had stirred hismemory with a touch as vague andthrilling as the caress of a woman'shand in darkness, now that he heardthe full strength of that soprano, bellclear and spirited, he was sure heknew the singer. He told himself thatthere could be no two women in theworld with voices just like that; notanother than her he knew could haverendered the words with so true aspirit, so rare a brogue tinged asthat had been with the faintest,quaintest exotic inflection imaginable.But she had stopped with theverse half sung. His pulses quickening:. O'Rourke leaned forth from thewindow and carried it on:"O, 'tis thin the ladies fairIn despairTear their hair!But' 'Tig dlvvle a bit I care!'-Cries the bould soldier-boy!ThenTfell a pause. He listenedwith his heart in his mouth, but heardnothing. And it seemed impossible tosurmise whence, from which one of allthe rooms with windows opening upon.that side of the hotel, had come thevoice of the woman. She might aswell have beena"bove as below him,or on either side: he could not guess.But he was determined.Now there was beneath his windowa balcony with a floor of wood and arail of iron-filigree a long balcony,extending from one corner of the hotel to the other. At intervals it wassplashed -with light from the windowsof chambers still occupied by guestsbelated or busy, like himself, with thetask of dressing for the evening. Thewindow to his left was alight; thaton his right, dark. With half his bodyon the balcony, his legs dangling within the room, O'Rourke watched theopening on his left with jealous,breathless expectancy. Not a soundcame therefrom. He hesitated."If that weren't her room, I'd hearsomebody moving about," he reasoned."'Tis frightened she is not suspect-in 'tis me. . . . But how do I know'tis herself? . . . Faith! could meears deceive me?"With that he took heart of hope andbroke manfully into the chorus, singing directly to the lighted window,singing the first line with ardor andfervor, with confidence and with hope,singing persuasively, pleadingly, anxiously, insistently."For the worrld is all befo-ore us 'lie sang and then paused. He heardno echo. And again he essayed, withthat in his tone to melt a heart ofice:"For the worrld is all befo-ore us "And now he triumphed and waslifted out of himself with sheer delight; for from the adjoining roomcame the next line:i?And landladies .ado-ore u 'IrtillnableT to ifcontainhimself, lhefcrnmetin, andl invduewthey sangli;out to thetrdusingVfihale:"They ne'er rayfuse to sco-ore us,'ut chalk us up wid jgy"Wje taste her tap, we tear Jier cap'O, that's the chapFor me,' cries she .. 'Whiroo'Isn't he the arlint, 'the bould - soldierboy!' , ' -As the last .note rang.out and: diedthe next .window was- darkened 'thf.woman had Ikwitclitid off U12 i:ghU.'He Heard a faint rustle of silken raffles. "'Tis herself," he declared fat jan agony of anticipation "herself anilnone other! And" I'm thinking she'libe coming to the window now "He was right. Abruptly he discorered her by the reflected glow from .the Illumination behind him. He waa. ,conscious of the pallid oval of herface, of a sleek white sheen of armsand shoulders, of a dark mass of hair;but more than all else of the glamourof eyes that shone into his softly,like limpid pools of darkness touchedby dim starlight.Inflamed, he leaned toward her."Whist, darling!" he stammered."Whist! 'Tis myself 'tis Terence""But she was gone. A low, stifledlaugh was all his answer that andthe silken whisper of her skirts as shescurried from the window. He flush-,ed crimson, waited an instant, tien.flung discretion to the winds, andfound himself scrambling out upon thebalcony. Heaven only knows to whatlengths the man would have gone; hadnot the slam of a door brought him upstanding; she had left her room!So she thought to escape him so.easily! He swore between his teeth.witE excitement and tumbled backwhence he had come. Regardless ofthe fact that he was still In his shirtsleeves he rushed madly for the door.On the way a shooting-jacket on thedoor, perhaps in revenge for neglectand ill-treatment, maliciously wound It-"The Divv!e!"'He Said Beneath HlaBreath.self around his feet and all but threwhim headlong; only a frantic clutch atthe footrail of the bed saved hlmKicking the thing savagely off hoflung himself upon the door and threwit open. His jaw dropped.The lift shaft was directly opposite.Before It, in more or less patient waiting, stood a very young and beautiful,woman in a gown whose extreme candor was surpassed only by the perfection of its design and appointmentboth blatant of the Rue de la Paix;a type as common to the cognoscentibf Monte Carlo as the Swiss hotel porters. But O'Rourke did not know herfrom Eve."The diwle!" said he beneath hisj breath. asHe was mistaken; but the youngwoman, at first startled by his unceremonious appearance, on instantaneous second thought decided to permit him to discover that twin imps,at least, resided in her eyes. Andwhen his disappointment preventedhim from recognizing them, her dawning smile was swiftly erased and herascending eyebrows spoke eloquentlyenough of her haughty displeasureSynchronously the lift hesitated atthat landing and the gate clanged jwide; the young woman wound heruskirt about her and showed him a'back which at any other time wouldhave evoked his unstinted admiration.Then the gate shot to with a rattlejand bang, and the lift dropped out of j;sight, leaving the man with moutkfagape and eyes as wide. jA beaming but elderly femme dachambre on duty in the corridor, re-j.marking O Rourke s pause of stupefiedchagrin, hoped and believed he needed her services. She bore down upoahim accordingly. v , i"M'sieu' is desirous of?'-'He came out of his trance. "Nothing," he told her with acid brevity:"But, yes," he reconsidered with,haste. "That lady who but this moment took the lift her name?""Her name, m'sieu'? Ma'm'selle Voltaire." "Impossible!" he told himself aloud,utterly unable to forge any connecting?,link between the lady in the lift andher whose voice had bewitched him."But assuredly, m'sieu'. Do I notknow I who have waited upon herhand and foot these three days and towhom she has not given as much asthat." The woman ticked a finger-nail against her strong whiteteeth. "Ma'm'selle Victqrine Voltaire," she asserted stubbornly.O'Rourke fumb.led in his pocket and;found a golden ten-franc piece, surrendering it to the woman as heedlesslyas though it had been as many centimes. "I'll be leaving me room in fivminutes, now. And do ye, for the lovof Heaven, me dear, try to set mfthings'tne least trifle toTights.-WiU.;ev now&like hetebest little girl ia 'pe Wrld' I PSfuHa.Ueal' gill 111 L11C IYU1 1wjiowas iorty-nreiir a day, promismiracles with a bob of a courtesBut so disgruntled was. O'Rourke thhe -shut lis door in, her face."Tis meself that's the fool," hsaid savagely enough, "to think for amoment that ever again I'll set meeyes on her pretty face God bless Ijj.vherever she may- be!' . . .hy should I deserve to-r-I, the penniless advesturer?'" - &iCknlinued in our lfeoci; -THE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY JAN. 2, W12,Tobacco Sales.William Wilson of New Shawhan,sold his crop of 1911 tobacco, about-3,500 pounds to Snell Moore, of Lexington at eight cents per pound. Delivery to be made this week.Foster & Booth, of Jackson, havetheir crop of 11,000 pounds on tlie floorof the Shelbourne house in Lexington.Examiners to be Held.After -a conference in FrankfortFriday between Secretary of State'Bruner and Secretary of State-elect"Grecelius it was decided that the StateBank Examiners would be retained inoffice until after the Legislature eithertpassed or rejected a state banktminers' bill.ex-Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,so to Buck's barber shop. Three first-class barbers. 13 tfAttacked by Vicious Dog.In Mt. Sterling while Rick R.Thomas, formerly of this city, waswalking along the street, he wasattacked by a vicious black dng, andtwice bitten slightly, once on the legand once on the hand. Thomasgrappled with the brute, catching himaround the throat and held on withdeathlike grip, saving himself fromfurther injury. Mayor Will Samuelssecrued a hammer, and while Thomasheld nn the dog's brains were beatenout by the Mayor.Will Open Machine Shop.Mr. B. R. Dickerson has resignedhis position as eneineei for Spears andSons, to take effect February 1, atwhich time he will open an extensionmachine shop in Paris and will handleall kinds of machines and supplies,and will repair automobiles, scales andmachinery in general.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.-W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings ForWhole Family at Reasonable Prices.We suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W-W-W Insured. Ring.Here is a ring that is so good that it is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after-thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you with theutmost confidence. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy of a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you wish to pay $2.00,$5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one ring in all thisworld that is worthy of a. guarantee the only ring that we know"that will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.wwwjmSHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers"The House of Quality."Both Phones.JMr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy have" returned to Lexington for the winter.Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Bhckerby, Parte,were guests of Mr. and Mrs. U. S. GAPepper last week.Mrs. C. D. Tackett and childrenattended a reunion of the Harrisfaimly at Paris Thursday.The concrete residence which isbeing built by Mr. Robinson in Judyville is nearing completion.; Miss Mary McDaniel entertained ashuraber ot her friends with a diningThursday. She left yesterday to resume her duties in the school at Lees-burg.Misses Ida Lee Harris and EttaDouchemin have returned to theirhomes at Nolan, W. Va., and Cincinnati, after spending several weekswith Miss Louise Cray.Col C. M. Best returned Mondayafter spending the Christmas holidayswith his mother at Woodstock, Va.and relatives at Washington, D. C.He was accompanied by his niece,Miss Dakota Rest, of Washingtoon,D. C.Halleck Lodge 1007 I. O. O. P. heldtheir annual electiun Thursday night.The following are the newly electedofficers : E. M. Thomason; N. G. ; D.E. Clarke, V. G. ; W. E. Butler, Secretary ; Ruf us Butlerr Treasurer ;, BruceMcMahan, host.The firm of Wells & Jackettr whoconducted a meat market here wasdissovled Saturday,, Mr- M. P. Wells,1 the senior member of the firm, retiri ing. Mr. Tackett assumes the entire! business. Mr. Wells is a popular busii ness man and it is hoped1 he will soonj engage in some other enterprise. MrI Tackett isjequallv popular and is entitled to all the business of the old' firm.The following are among' the numberI who have spent a part of the holidaysout of town: Mrs. Mary J.' Whaley' and daughter, Miss Nancy, with Mrs.Myers, in Paris ; Mr. and Mrs. AaronMcConnell with relatives and friendsat Maysville ; Mrs. Mattie Purnell anddaughters, Misses Bessie and MaryAgnes, with Mrs. Frank Collier inParis; Miss Virginia Hutchciaft withher father, Mr.. Harry Hutchcraft,. inLouisville.For the past several weeks Mr.Aaron McConnellrjeweler. and opticiaDhas advertised a watch to be givenaway on Monday, January li. and aticket was siven for every cash nus-1 cht S3 of a dollar. A few days agoM7M cConnell advertised that this draw-i ing would take place Saturday afternoon, December 30. The drawing wasdone by Mr. S. M. Allen of the Farmera. Bank, the lucky number being 501.Up to this writing it has not been presented. Miss Leila Gault, of Mayslick, is theguest of Miss Ethel Fisher.Miss Stella Boner, of Falmouth, isthe guest of Miss Edna Mason.- Mrs. Jna. Williams arid daughter.Mis Pearl, are visiting in Paris,Miss Myrtle Sagaser, of Lexington,is the guest of Miss Miranda Leach.Mr. W. M Henderson, of Fiankfort.was the guest of friends here thisweek.Cadet Jeff Hari3, Misses MatSi'e andLucia Butler spent yesterday in Lexington.Mr. and Mrs, F, K. Murray,. of Cincinnati, are guests- of Mr. and Mrsv N.Rankin.jMiss L,eila warct, or iJarlisJe, arrived Sunday aa the sues t of Miss BessieHoward.Mr. John Ross, o Carlisle, was theguest of his sister, Mrs-. E. M. Ingles,yesterday.Mrs. Fannie Best will) leave todayfor Martinsville, Ind... for a fewweeks' treatment.Mr. and Mrs. Sterliag; Price, of-Ewing, were guests of Mr. and Mrs.E. Hawkins yesterday.Miss Maria Smith left Monday forseveral days visit to her mother, Mrs.Hattie Florence, at Paris.-Mrs. Leslie Inskb entestrained anumber of the young people Fridayevening from eight to twelve,Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson will return today after a visit to Mr- andMrs. R. O. Chambers, at Sardis..Mr. Alex: Hawes, of Chicago,, wasthe guest of his grandmother,. Mrs.Amreica Butler Sunday and Monday-Misses Bessie Howard and two sistres returned Saturday after spendingthe Christams. holidays with relatives-in Carlisle.To WfafrM feet-thi $1,01Wtkni?A ease on the1 docket of the- ClarkCircuit Court ii unique in that thereis one thousand dollars in a bank forwhich no owner can be found. IX is anecho of She famous Marcum damagesuit, in which Mrs. Abraile Marcumsued Senator and Judge Hargis, EdCallahan asd Fult French lor $100300damages for the murder of her hua-band. J. B. Marcum. It was tne largest single damage suit ever filed in theState.The day after the trial begas several of the most important witnesses forthe plaintiff lefla the Stafe,. in chargeof Mose Feltner,. as alleged, and remained in Ohio and Indiana until afterthe close of the' tirial. It is- said thedefendants promised Mose Feliner$1,000 to take the witnesses? beyondthe jurisdiction of the courts.- Eachside was afraid to tirust the other, addthe money is said to have been1 placedin the hannds of Felix FeHner, of-iiesiiie county, a mutual iriend' and acousin- f Moae Feltner.Felix Feltner subsequently sworethat a young man whom he did notknow arae-to his hotel and placed themone in bis hands frtfk, vrithp'tfsaying; what It was f or He placet themoney in hank and swore he did notknow to whoro it belonged. Someyeara later Mose Feltner brsxsght suitfor the money, but Jude Bentonthrew the case out of court, Rasing thewhole transaction was corru,. fraudulent and against public palace, andthat the court would not be sr-patrty toiis enforcement.Felix-Feltner left Kentucky? send isin the Weat, and Fult French hasbrought suit against him fox themoney on the ground that EsUnerowes him. For their part in the spiriting away o3 these witnesses FultFrench and Feiix Feltner were g3enthe heaviest punishment ever inflictedin Kentucky for contempt of court.French was finftd 5,000 and Feltnerwas fined $3,000 and sentenced to twoyears in jail. Fellner paid hi3 fineand the jail sentence was remitted by.AJrinc Cnv. Cox. Gov. Wiilsun rtmit-ttpd thf State's nortion of French'sGverp Bap a Bargain Bap at Our StdreiDAN COHEN!E extend our heartiest season 7s greetings to our numerous friends and patrons of Bourbon County.We deeply appreciate the evidences ofyour good will, and we hope that you mayhave the joy and satisfaction of a Happy andProsperous New YeanMr. Jos.. Sfaeeler andGermantown,, were guests ofHenry Sheeler and family from Saturday to Monday.Misses Ethel Johnson and LooiaeMyall are. with Miss Edskh Myall atParis to remain until after the MyallDaniel, wedding.Mrs. M. hL Martia who has beenconfined to her bed for five weeks witha,broken hip changed her position forthe first time Monday.MrSi. Robert Stoke Ley aad daughtesa,,Pearl and Clara Stokely, Mr. and Mts.Hargis-&witzer end little daughter, cfCynthiana spent yesterday with Mr.and Mrs.. Leslie Wheeler.Mr W-.. tjL Shaw has leturned froma visit to his mother-in-law, Mrs-."Harding, at Butle. He was accompanied home by his wife who sent theholidays:1 there.Mr. Ed Brown, of Cynthiana, wasthe guest of his mother, Mrs. HettieBrown,, from Saturday till Monday.He was accompanied home by hi3 wifeand children who have been here torseveral days.Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Hurst and littleson, n;awara, were guests oi ner parents, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Cochran, atElizaville from Saturday till Monday.They were accopmanied hojie by theirdaughters, Misses Gladys and AmeliaHurst, who have been here for severaldays.The following are among the numberwho spent part of the Christmas holidays here: Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Lay-sun, Chattanooga, Tenn., Mr, KichardFreas, Baltimore, Md., with MissMargaret Stannard ; Mrs. J. H. Letton, Lexington, with Mrs. LavmaVimont; Mr. James Bedford, of Lexington. with Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Colier; Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Munzing,Maysville, with her mother, Mrs.Martha Vimont: Miss Kokendorfer,Carlisle, with her sister, Mrs. MackJones : Ex-Cadet Brough, Helena, atM. M. I. ; Miss Emma Bedford, Lexineton. with her grandfather, Mr. IF. Chanslor: G. M. Russell, of MiamiInstitute, Ohio, with Miss Lucia Builer; Dr. J. C. Calhoun, Guild, Tenn.,with Miss Lula McNamara; MissLouise Warford, Campbell-HagermannCollege, Lexington, with Mrs. BelleTaylor; Mr. Thomas Howard, Lexington, with his aunts, Misses Same andMattie Mclntyre ; Dr. and Mrs. Herman Huffman, .Covington, with Mr.and Mrs J..H. Linville.-Po,;i Iflrie and be uaid the rest. Meanwhilej.anjjiy ii f : ....with the ownership, unaeeiaea.3 ".1DAN COHENMain StreetParis, Kentucky.At the Big Electric . Sign., iflflHflpHHHB HBP HHBBBMP flBHjBHBH flBBjHBBIP.banlc.Honor to the Average Person.It is the average sort of person v; hooccupies the most useful place in life-,NOTICE.The fraternal Order ofEagles have changed Iheirmeeting place from tie K. ofP. Hall to the Elks' Buddingand the meeting right fromTuesday to Wednesday nightof each week. The first meeting at the new- lodge roomwill be held Wednesday,January 3rd, 1942. After jthe instalation of the officersfor the ensuing year, a Dutch feeds do not affectLunch will be served.All members of the ledge,as well as visiting Eagles, arecordially invited to be presentand spend a pleasant evening.T. E. ROCHE, Sect.Ttciint Dairy ow&Thi& the time when fie dairymanwith a iflo is Cot worrying- about whatto feed or becaoae fed is high. Thepresent prices ot bay, corn and millfeed or earning many dairymen to resolve not to yass anoHher winte withoflt a silo.The use of silage meHAS the keeping?of mote cows &s the sarSe acres. Itcuts the hay biU in half Zrtt& producedlarger yields of fl&Hk. In Scsding. sKlage ae$ hay areg&aerally fec$as much'as the eattle will cdssume.Provider, if possible, alfalfa, cowpeaof clover &ay. In cafce of a sitbrtageoflhesie, use whatever.1 is obtainablebut whatfev&f is lacking in the" haywill have to be supplied-in the rhoreexpensive grsfa feeds.Many dairymen are rla-ving go'crfsuccess with Corn silage; cot'"., -mealand'cowDe hay, usitifi o" J"1"feed, andwhere-sorae grai?.3'be neededfsupplyibe S'-vZ,lage and iowS' c,lo;T,leeJS? SS8?poandBof milfe produced iifiratout si&ge and with timothyJr-r fedderor roughness;, feed 1pssmd ef graim. mixture, to about. ?poands of milks .Bran and ships toff 'are are really toohigb to be conaidered.and ready, mixedpatent feeds are still, higher. Manyhave learned, from, experience that,"ready made" feeds dovnot pay. Corn,cottonseed meal ancLsometimes- a. littlebran or oil meal- are used to mix withmill dust and weed seeds for filler.Some are honestly, made but all"read?made" feeds are made at a- profit offive to ten:dollarsper ton,, which canbe saved by .mixing at home and evenbetter results obtained,. Nothing canbe said in favorof. condimental feedsor conditioners.-Many mixed f eed3 selling from $30to $35 per ton have from ten to twentyper cent protein, " when, cottonseedmeal, containing 36 to 41 per cent protein, can be obtained for lesathan $30per ton. Dritd.distiller's grains con-ta.ing-about-24-percent digestibleprotfcin cost about 30 or less, being avery, much cheaper source of proteinthan bran.Many successful idairymen. are makng up their own. Tationa such as cornchop cr corn and cob meal, four hundred pounds, and cottonseed, meal onehundred pounds, and dry distiller's,grains one hundred . and fifty pounds,makes a good, ration, the mixturebeing fed in proportion to milk yield,as previously described. Good cloveronalfalfa hay, chopped fina and. mixedwith the corn chop, and cottonseed;meal,will make, the feed light and, bulky, as is desired lor cows. Sincetwo thousand two hundred pounds ofalfalfa hay is.equal to a ton of bran,there is.little need of. expensive concentrates with alfalfa.The wiser daryman who makes? themoat money will grow silags and cornand hay rich in protein and buy proteinonly in tbe shape of cottonseed meal,oil meal and gluten feed.A- common fault in feeding, is the use-too much ciam and leeding allcows alike, regardless of production.Different kinds or combinations ofthe butterfat content of milk.Questions regarding dairy cow feeding wii be gladly answered.. Mentionthe prices of feed you have or can.secure.A. REED,Kentucky Experiment Station.Lexington, Ky.oit!:Raising the Wind."There ain't a dollar in the towntreasury," said the mayor ot Billvllleto the town marshal, "and you'll etno salary this month." "Never believeit," said the cheerful marshal. "Thereare six automobiles headed this way.Just make out the fines for exceeoMn'the speed limit, an' leave the rest tome!" Atlanta Constitution.Once in Awhile.A little music, now and then, le furnished by the long-haired men.Judge.THEATRICAL.xiMARCorTIME.GOES ON4ttXCopyright 1910. the Standard Adv.. Co.OU can't keep up-without a Bank Account. The marchof time adds to the value of but one thing MONEYplaced in the bank. All else decays before it.Thwart time. Save money and but it in the Bank.YWe pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts"FATTY FELIX" TOMORROW.Local theatre goers tomorrow nicrhtat the Grand will have the privilegeof seeing a comedy drama with musicentitled "Fatty Feilx." The play isadapted from the cartoons of Mr.McDoupall which recently appeared inthe leading daily papers and is one ofthe season's most pronouncedsuccesses. Mr. W. G. Herman, the author, hai interwoven a pretty love storyin tbe adaptation and in doing so hasgiven the public a play of standardquality and one thai contains a worldof haarty laughs. Comedy prevailsand it is of tbe cleanest variety. Thiswith the melodramatic situations andstirring climaxes, make it a play toplease all classes. During the actionof the play, an excellent vaudevilleand musical prorgam will be offered.This is a guaranteed attractionSeats now on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore's. Popular prices Dresscircle, 75 cents ; Parquette, 50 cents ;Balcony, 35 cents ; Gallery,, 35 and 25cents.! DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS,Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000ri'iJiiiaslii'i -HI' till