THE BOURBON NEWS.ImmPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND ERIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1912SPRINGSUITSJUST RECEIVEDIn All the Favored Fabrics,Style and Coloring.Exceptional Values.The Simon Department Store,IParis, KentuckyJM.7Jried and &ound Suiltyhl.INTEREST IN RAILROAD,Route Through North Middletown to Hedges Station isSaid to be Favored.SECURING OPTIONS ONLANDLocal People Manifest Great Interest in Project Which NowSeems Sure.r"WE KNOW MOW"wOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the Least Money.V16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans good Corn 15cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1 -2cOld Reliable. Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 5 1 0cNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 45c8 bars LenoxSoap. . . . : 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lbSack 70c50-lb Sack . . $ 1 .401 0O-lb Sack . , . . . $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money. -T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234Vfff-v,.i ' v -i. -v-.- -Ad Early ShipmentOFSpring Hats and CapsFORMEN AND BOYSmmillasIfe We Arc Showing All Latest Shapes and Co!ors iSA Beautiful Line of Shirts at 150c, $1,$1.50mm Come in and JLet Us Take Your Measure forit!mmmYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.50 to $45.00500 Samples on DisplayPK16& & 60. ciotmers18That the Louisville & Nashville railroad is more strongly in favor of theproposed route between this city andNorth Middletown and from that pointto Hedges Station where it connectswith the Lexington and Eastern isshown by the efforts of Mr. L. P. Bellwho was sent here several weeks agoby the rairload company to go overthe proposed route and secure theright of way.The interest manifested by the peolpeof both this city and North Middletown has thrown an entirely new lightupon the subject and every day addsimpetus to the movement with the result that encouraging, reports are coming in from all sides' and it is veryevident the railroad company intendsto construct the road, work uponwhich it is said will begin as soon asthe right of way over the survey canbe obtained.1 A committee composed of the leading citizens of North Middletown havebeen acting in conjunction with Mr.Bell and it is said that more than twothirds of the right of way betweenNorth Middletown and Hedges Stationhas been secured, the land ownersalong the route having, willingly giventheir consent and are strong in theirsupport of the movement to get a linethrough that section.Mr. Bell was in Paris yesterday enroute to Winchester to confer with oneot the land owners along the proposedroute with a view of securing the rightof way through a large farm. For several dajs he has been along the routefrom ihis city to North Middletownand the result has been the most encouraging. Considerable interest is manifestedby the citizens of this city who haveshown a disposition to aid the railroadcompany in securing the right of wayfrom this city to North Middletownand it is the opinion that when thetime comes will contribute liberallytoward the project.The fact that the proposition hasnarrowed down to securing the rightof way has caused the Paris citizens totake on renewed energy and are heartyin support of the movement to extendthe line into the rich territory, whichuntil recently had h?d little idea ofever securing a railroad, and this inconnection of what the resulc will bein time to come as a benefit to Parishas Droven to be quite an incentive.It is estimated that if this line isconstructed and from the present attitude of the railroad company, it ismore than likely it will be, it willhave the effect of bringing to thiscity upwards of seven hundied people, which will add much to the population of the town, besides makingit the center of the division and" adistributing point.That the Louisville and Nashvillemay legally acquire the P. and C.railroad is the more reason why thecompany should give the route tojNorcn iYiiacuetown preference overany other, which would give it a direct line to Louisville from the coalfields of Eastern Kentucky, and anoutlet to the States of the North,with the product of which the mountains are rich.Asks Aid in Search lor Boy.The police of this city have receivedfrom Rev. M. G. Coleman, of Hoones-tou, 111., an appeal to aid in the searchfor Paul G. Coleman, who left theOhio Military Institute, at CollegeHill, Ohio, on the night of January 20,1 m n i j i , i . i ...lijit, ana ine iocai authorities areseeking information concerning thewhereabouts of the lad. Young Coleman was about 16 year3 of age, fivefeet eight inches tall, weighed about135 pounds and had a very slight coalscar on the left side of chin. Whenlast seen he wore a light brown khakisnirc ana trousers witn maroon sweater under the shirt and gray militarytrousers under the khaki tiousers,black and white check cap and gaunt-let.gloves. Was last seen at Cartha. asururb of Cinncinnati,on Sunday morning, January 21. Mis parents are greatly concerned for his safaty and healthand any information concerning theboy will be rewarded by the Rev. Mr.Coleman.Three Good Pictures.The Comet Theatre will have threeexceptionally fine feature films todayentitled Katlesnakes and Gunpowder '"Love's Sacrifice" and "The Winningor yy onega.RELIGIOUS.Kev. Lx. H. Harris will be in hispuplit at the Episcopal church Fridayafternoon at 4 o'clock. Services Sunday morning at 10 :45 o'clock.Elder John T. Brown, of Louisville, will till the pulpit at the Christian church Sunday mornng and evening.- rcev. j. jvi. .Lignttoot will be in.mspujpit at tne baptist church atboth services Sunday. At the morningservice me suojecr, or nis discourswill be "Jesus a Genuine Physician1and at night "A Cellar Philosopher.1We Are Now Offering SpecialtPrices onWinterOvercoatsandVJLLlpCome in ana SeeDr. Reed's Cushion Sole ShoesThey Are the Proper Kind For Spring.IMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, KentuckyOutfitters to Men3FRANK oc CThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.911Now Showing -Newest Spring StylesInLadies7 and Misses'Suits, Dresses andCroats.i -Come in and Take a Look.Extra SpecialSILK SKIRTS, - $1.98Black, White and AIS Conors.3Kr -S?SPECIALTobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.Frank & Co.Paris, - - Kentucky... . t1irCC ltt.8tMJ2'4fcTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1. 1912.FREE SAMPLE OF LAXATIVECURED HIS CONSTIPATIONWhen a person has become discouraged through years of failure to-find a cure, and finally, perhaps, givesup tryii.g, it is small wonder that hebecomes skeptical. m And yet, to allwho have constipation, we would say,"Try just one thing more."We wish you would try Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin, a laxative tonicthat has been used for a generation.Thousands are using it; surely someof your friends among the number.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, butbetter still, send your name and address to Dr. Caldwell for a free sample bottle. He will send you enoughto convince you of its merits, andthen if you like it you can buy it ofyour druggist. Mr. J. J. Petty of Un-ionville, Mo., Mr. George W. Zimmerman t of Harrisburg, Pa., and manyothers of both sexes and in all parts ofthe country first used a sample bottleand now have it regularly in thehouse.You will learn to do away withsalts, waters and cqfhartics for theseare but temporary reliefs while Dr.Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is guaranteedto cure permanently. It will trainyour stomach and bowel muscles sothat they will do their work againnaturally without outside aid. Castaside your skepticism and try SyrupPepsin.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.ss.i.y 5 sS 5r 3' i 2r "5 5T64(UsBourbon LaundryD.WIS &Telephone No. 4.FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.wasA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notre&retit.ttoBourbon LaundryParis, Kentucky.Locanda2:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09a ft 1 1 11 I rr 1 1 1 1 mi - Moirea DyAiierton z:ui),iDe woria s leaamg sire or standard performers;dam. Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam Katie4Jackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:074,Mleading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18,Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.19Sire of Black Wig 2:07), Remorseful 2:08. Dorcas H. 2:0W. Betsv a.2:103, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12.Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16X, (champion oijuropej ijurgee and ewency-enree others m2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.f The'celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst Stock'i?arm.ATom-MacK is tne best breeder or mules that euer stood in the cotmty.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, KyOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and fe.el confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson BairdNOTICEMary E. Griffith's Exor. - - Plaintiffvs. NoticeHer Legatees, etc. DefendantsAll persons having claims againstthe estate of Mary E. Griffith, deceased, are hereby notified and directed fctopresent them, proven as is required bylaw to the undersigned Special Commissioner, at his law office in the cityof Paris, Ky., on or before the firstday of March, 1912; and that theundersigned will be at the abovenamed office from this Fdate until thefirst day of March, 1912 to receive'saidclaims.C. A.'McMILLAN,Special Commissoiner Bourbon CircuitCourt.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 permen tor nrsc time ; tu cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.. Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe richt of publisher is rasm-vp-dto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source or revenue.Business Interests On the Move.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j 113E. T. 384.Home 334.ResidenceHot and ColdBATHS'iHot and cold" baths,everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait 'on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician.Offices,5Rooms 4j and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, Kentucky' The Trials of a Tr lcr"I am a traveling saleso. n," iteE.E. Youngs, E.Berkshfc Vt. andwas often troubled with nsti tioiand indigestion till I beg- nto n irKing's New Life Pills, which 1 havfound an excellent remedy." For allstomach, liver or kidney troubles theyare unequaled. Only. 25 . cents atOberdorfer's.The business'benig done by the railroads, steel mills, manufacturers andbanks of the country at the presenttime is considerably in advance ofthat of a year ago.And business men in general arepreparing for improvements and extensions. Financial arrangementshave recently been made bj severalrailroads for raising $90,000,000 to beused in extensions. The Erie railroadplans to expend $10,000,000 in the nextten yeais for completing the doubletracking of its mainjine between NewYork and Chicago. The Atchison israising $50,000,000 for new"work' andequipment, and other companies arepreparing to put smaller amounts intoimprovements.This after a Democratic house hasbeen at work a year, and on the eve ofa Democratic presidential victory, doesnot look as if business interests werestandmg still, or had any fear of aDemocratic president. As a matter offact the business men of the countryknow that a Democratic administration would not harm any, legitimate industry. The leaders of the Democratichouse have proven themselves as safeand sane business men as Republicanleaders ever were.The gross earnings of the railroadsfor the first week of February were9.81 per cent better than a year ago.For the fourth week of January the reports from forty-our roads indicate again over lastyear of 12.27 per cent.Reports for December show an increase of.net earnings over December,1910, of no less than 7.83 per cent.Foreign trade in January was verylarge. The exports exceeded those ofany preceding January except in 1908,and thejmports were larger than forany preceding month with a singleexception.In other words, the pre-election for-casts of the standpat Republicans tothe end that the stagnation of businesswould immediateljTfollow the electionof a Democratic House, are not beingfulfilled. While it is true that some ofthe illegal trusts which have beenthrottling competition and boostingthe prices of the necessaries of life arenot particularly enamored with Democratic procedure, but legitimate business understands thoroughly that ithas nothing to fear from Democraticascendency, and welcomes it.After the Fly.The call for volunteers has goneforth, the campaign has already begunand the bugles ae sounding the order."commence swatting." Authoritieson the subject declare that if we valueour health and comfort we should begin the year's fight againBt the minutebut deadly enemy now and not atsome time later.At present the enemy is lurking inambush, and it is not an easy matterto locate his asked batteries. Laterand with the first life-giving warmthof spring he will appear in the openheld but by that time he will be sostrongly reinforced, and with suchpowerful reinforcements he will be allb ut invincible.It has been shown that one fly' maybecome the progenitor of five trillions.That being the case it is very easy tounderstand that the hunting down andkilling of one fly at this season will beof more actual benefit to the publichealth than the wholesale slaughter oftuoueands in midsummer.The enlistments in the greac armyof fly swatters should be greater thisyear than ever before, owing to theextreme agitation the matter has received Jin the past few years. Thewar against the insect should bewaged with greater vigor and determination by tbe great army, and aboveall, it should be. done promptly. Withthe first mild days that even suggestsspring the flies begin to emerge fromtheir winter retreats, then ii the -timeto begin swattiniz and swat thornI and hard. " -NEWS OF THE CAPITOLThe House will investigate tht"money trust" through the committeeupon banking and currency.James J. Hill.of the Great NorthernRailway, appeared before the StanleyCommittee of the House, upon transportation facilities of the steel corporation. Washington, D. C, fFeb. 29 TheWar Department has sent troops to theborder prepared to cross into Mexicoif necessry to protect Americang livesand property in the new revolution.The general opinion here is thatSpeaker Clark will be nominated bythe Democrats for the presidency.Ex-Governor Folk ofM issouri havingwithdrawn in his favor, the Missouridelegation will be unanimously forMr. Clark.Harmon headquarters will be incharge of Ex-Congressman Gordon ofOhio. Congressmen generally saythat Gov. Wilson has written toomuch which would be prejudical to acandidate. Roosevelt headquarters arebeing established here.President Taft has recommended acommission to investigate the highcost of living. Rev. Madison C.Peters, the New York minister whocharged responsibility upon the retailers and established a grocery, foundthey were making only a very moderate profit.Following the recommendation otPostmaster General Hitchcock thatthe Govrenment condemn and operatethe telegraph systems the wirelessand air ships not being specifiedPresident Taft has recommended thatthe Government build and own railroads in Alaska. Defense of the recommendation is made that, becausemerchandise is carried incidentally tomatter of intelligence, advocates ofParcels Post say the nation is alreadyin the transportation buisness and thatwe now have Parcels Post. FromAlaska to nation-wide railroad operation would appear to be simple.The Democratic Editorial Associationof Indiana in session has asked the Republican Editorial Association of Indiana to co-operate in opposing the Postmaster General's recommendation fordoubling postage rates upon newspapers, "leaving for future determinationsuch additional increase as may befound necessary." It asks, instead,that charges for carriage of secondctass mail be made according to distance. A. D. Moffatt, of Elwood, Ind..is chairman of the committee. He willbe gaH to receive expressions. Meanwhile the Postoffice Department advocates raising the merchandise limitnow to eleven pounds with charges regardless of distance.Postmaster General Hitchcock hasbeen before the Senate Postoffice Committee which is investigating ParcelsPost. He declared himself in favor ofbeginning with a rural system, thento operate city systems and then takeover the railway express buisnesswithin a s ear, thus making a generalsystem. Bossing mails, savingsbanks, government monopoly of express business and telegraphs, Gen.Hitchcock would have a considerablearmy of Government employes. Thereason for enterinor UDoncr an era ofNational Socialism is about he samewhich Ceasar gave for crossing theRubicm, "the general welfare."Some nsoDle are wondering what aPresident with less respect for theConstitution than President Taft michtdo with such an army.Mav Stock Up On Quail.If the plans of the Scott countysportsmen materialize, that countywill be rendered one of the best in theState for hunting. It is the purpose ofthe bcott county sportsmen to secure alarge number of Mexican and Mountainquail, which are very healthy and nonmigratory and turn them loose on thelarge farms over that county. It i3also planned to'employ a special efficarto patrol the lands after the birds arereleased and see that the game lawsare enforced.Expenditure Explained.Question Don't you know that theamount charged you for postage byyour campaign manager would buyenough stamps to paper the side ofthe great pyramid? The Answer ByGeorge! Is that what he did withthem? Cleveland Plain Dealer.Scott'sEmulsion, keeps childrenhealthful and happy.Give them a few drops ofthis strengthening foodmedicine every day andwatch them grow.IT PREVENTSCroupWhooping - CoughBronchitisLoss of Fleshand many other troublesALL DRUGGISTS11-15A WOMAN'S GO LOOKSDepend on her general health and freedom from pain. Many a woman looks orjbefore her time because of those irregularities which are essentially feminineStarting from early womanhood, she suffers from frequently rccurringderangementhat upset her womanly health. If she be beautiful she grows into that mellowage without wrinkles and crowfeet about the' eyes or the blue circles undernea!It is invariably the rule that such women suffer little, or not at all, from woman.-'derangements which sap the health and leave ia tiie facc thp tell-tale story ox pat?,and suffering. Dr.R. V. Pierce, the famous specialist in the diseases of women, founda prescription in his early practice that soothed the organism peculiar to womanhoodoiled the machinery, as it were, of the human system and helped the womanto pass those painful periods that scar-iined and aged her face. This remedy became.the well-known LJv. riercc s ravonte rrescnpuon, that haibenefited thousands of women and saved them from miseryand suffering at different periods in life.Mns. Harkely E. Pierce, of 241 Bright Street, Sanria. Ont" I am now a well woman after suffering for three years and doctoring'with several different doctors, each one sayincr it was something different, and the last one, after putting me through a thorough examinationsaid I was sufferincr from a growth, which, in time, would result incancer, and said I vould not live more than two years if not operated upon right away. I became hopelessly discouraged but would notconsent to the operation as I was too weak and too much afraid, but atlast, througn tne advice ot a tnend, X tried Dr. Jfierce s medicines, andafter using two bottles of the ' Favorite Prescription ' I immediatelyfelt a change. I also used two boxes of 'Healing Suppositories' andMas. Pierce.eight boxes of Lotion Tablets,' and can safely praise the name of DrPierce's medicines to all who suffer from any female disease, for thesemedicines are all they arc claimed to be, and I hope will help others asthey have helped iu;."GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL MKECX08 AND LICENSED EIBBOTH 'PHONES DAY 13 7; NIGHT 299,Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDfFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.' 1The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncobpoeatedNOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8thStreet, PARIS', KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374NEW-BARBER-SHOP!Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.jRnnie LanqhornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.angl6tfBast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162AgentLOWEY & TALBOTTFa,ris KentuckyALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."will not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the 3toves in this hardware ; store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than thei ugliestold stove you ever saw. PrettineBS costs; nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1, 1912MEUWWBROQKFARMSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESMCorn is the most relished by poultryof all grains.To make money is the chief objectof breeding pedigree hogs.Systematic work is required to rida, iultry house of mites or lice.The feed and feeding is the first imiortant point in successful dairying.One of the most successful pigeonraisers feeds his birds nothing buthole corn.Never feed soured or tainted food ofany kind to the chicks, or to the oldfowls, either.It takes a good manager to makea profit of 2 per bead each year froma single pair of breeders.The sheep industry cannot reachperfection until every mongrel dog inthe land is exterminated.Th6re is one rule always to be remembered: Never mate birds thatare hatched in the same nestIt is best not to put sawdust in thepoultry house, as it gathers too muchmoisture and causes dampness.It is a fact that the dogs destroymore sheep in some certain statesthan all the diseases combined.Keep sows and pigs away from fattening hogs, and give them feeds thatproduce flesh and bone rather thanfat.Thoroughly clean and whitewashthe inside of the hen house and it willbe lighter and cleaner during the entire winter.Cabbage is one of the very bestvegetables to feed to poultry, as itkeeps green a long time and the chickens enjoy picking at it.An egg, to belong to the strictlyfresh egg class, should not be overthree days old in summer weather,and a week old during winter.If a man allows his chickens to roamamid the mud and slush of the yardsin the fall, he is preparing the wayfor some sick fowls this winter.He who makes a success In thechicken business from the start willbe the man who does things, not hewho waits for a favorable opporunity.Get rid of the cockerels as rapidlyas they get large enough and thus cutoff the feed bill and protect the othersof the flock from these scrappy youngsters. If good, clean, sound grain in abundance, and a variety, with pure water,grit oyster shell and meat in someform, will not produce eggs, nothingelse will.Only an expert is able to tell bythe smell just wiien the cream is rightfor churning. It then has a clean,sour taste and smells like nuts freshfrom the woods.Impure air, as well as dampness,are a danger to any flock. Separatethe flocks in bunches of 25 or 50 andfeed them separately and they willmake much better gains.Always make the nest boxes easilyremovable so that they may be frequently taken out of the house andcleaned, disinfected and treated forthe destruction- of vermin.The dairy farmer who does not build,a silo usually has some reason whichis satisfactory to him, but he cannotlonger use the excuse that silage hasa detrimental effect on milk quality.It is a mistake to discard a breedon the supposition that it is not ahardy one. Hardiness can be Instilledin any breed by proper housing, proper food, proper attention, and systematic breeding.The A. J. Banta farm near Car?lisle, offered at public sale a few daysagu was bid to $92 per acre and with?drawn.According to the Assessor's reportMason county land has a valuation of$5,685,545. The total asessment of thecounty which is $10,150,450, shows anincrease of $100,000 over the year of1911.Thomas G. McDowell's great marp,King's Daughter, was mated Tuesdaywith John E. Madden's Ogden. King'sDaughter, now nine years old, racedseven seasons and retired sound.Ogden raced until he was seven yearsold and retired sound.Negotiations fur the remainder ofthe 1809 Burley Society pooi, fivethousand or six thousand pounds, havebeen begun by Theodore H. Kirk, theCincinnati tobacco broker, and he willgo to New Xork to confer there withbuyers whom he represents, after having given samples of the BurleySociety's holdings. The tobacco forwhich Kirk is now negotiating is the1909 red leaf gade, that was quotedin 1910 at 22 cents for ones, 19 centsfor twos, 17 cents for threes, 16 centsfor fours and 14 cents for fives.Emerald Chief Stock Farm ofMontgomery county haB sold to Mr. JW. Tates of Chattanooga, Tenn., thesensational walk-trot stallion, GoldenChief, for 1,000. This horse is a fouryear old and a corker and will be placed in the stud by his new owner, whois one of the leading wholesale clothingmanufacturers of the South. GoldenChief was sired by Golden King, andis out of Bourbon Maid by BourbonChief 976, and is one of the best individuals that ever left that county.It is now an assured fact that Carlisle will have a third loose leaf tobacco market will be built in Carlisle.James Mitchell, sheriff, who is heading the movement to erect a thirdhouse has announced that the SamuelSugg property located near Carlislehad been purchased for $6,000 and thatthe work on the new house would bebgun immediately. Already $20,000has been subscribed and money enoughhas been procured to erect the otherlant. The loose leaf sales room willcover an acre of ground and will havea capacity of over 300,000 pounds foreach sale.In an exhaustive study of Kentucky's agricultural and stock statistics issued as a bulletin by the CensusGuteau Tuesday, among others thest,i iteresting facts are set forth :The average valuation per acre forfarm lands the State over is $21 88.Only in Jefferson, Bourbon and Woodford counties are farm lands valued atfrom $75 to $100 per acre. In Fayettecounty alone are farm lands valued atfrom $15U to $125 an acre.The total value of farm property,which includes lands, buildings, implements and machinery and live stockdomestic animals, poultry and bees is$773,798,000, an increase of $302 752,000, or 64 3 per cent since 1900. Landalune has increased in value 66.1 percent, that of implements and machinery36.2 per cent, and that of live stock59 3 per cent.The average value of a farm including its equipment is $2,986, an increaseof $979 or 48.8 per cent over the 1900value.Flying Men Fallvictims to stomach, liver and kidneytroubles just like other pp.ople wiMilike results in loss of appetite, backache, nervousness, headache nd tiredlistless, rundown feeling. But there'sno need to feel like that as T. D.Peebles, Henry, Tenn., proved. "Sixbottles of Electric Bitters,"he writes' 'did more to give me" new strengthand good appetite than all other remedies I used." So they helo othecpeople. Its folly to suffer when thif.great remedy will help you from thefirst dose. Try it. Only 50 centsOberdorfer's.The time of milk giving is largelyinfluenced by the period of gestation,as usually the cows will be ready todry up from six to four weeks beforecalving, no matter how long she hasbeen giving milk.The scales and a Babcock tester,when rightly used, will accurately determine whether any of your cowsare "grafters" just as surely as a pairof farm scales will show the exactyield of corn.Fine Horses of Mixed Blood.Since the beginning of the seventeenth century Jerez de la Poronterahas been the most noted horse-breedingcenter of Andalusia, for many hundreds of years famous for its finehorses. Jerez de la Forontera was oneof the first and last Moorish strongholds in Spain, and the best horsesthere were all bred from famous ArabBtallions, so that what is known as anAndalusian, or Spanish, norse has always a good deal of Arab blood; ithas, however, been crossed with somany other breeds, especially Flemish,that today the Spanish horse is notregistered in the books of record ofpure-blood animals.Not Worth Five."Marry me?" said the duke. "But,duke," responded the heiress, "I feelsomewhat committed to the "count""Have no regrets on that score. 1gave the count a five-dollar note andbought him off."??'",$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages.andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catairh Cureis the only positive cure now knownto the medical fraternity. Catarrhbeing a constitutional i.isase requiresf ncfifnt.innal treatment. Hall'sCatarrh Cnre is taken internaLy, acting directly upon he blood and mucous surfaces of the system, therebydestroying the f jundation of the disease, and giving the patient strengthby building up the constitution andassisting nature in doing its work.The proprietors have so -much faithin its curative powers that they offerThe old hen, the carelessly inbred O e Hundred Dollars lor any casenen tne mongrei wiiuuui d wcu-uicu . -ancestry, keep the egg-production of I tsstlfdXeaSsF. J. CHENEY & CO.,this country down to seventy-five eggs ' A Toledo, O.average per year. A little more care j qold by all druggists, 75c.in feeding and breeding would double I Tik2 Hall's Family Pills for con-this and double the revenue from the ggfcktionCupid's Searchlight Lights The Way To Thistore 1 he Homefitters' Buying Headquarters !The store where things you want are waiting "for you just the things to makeyour home the coziest home in Paris. Prices the sort to pBease terms of paymentarranged to meet your demands.Cupid's searchlight reveals your home at A. F. WHEELER'S Furniture Store during our February Clearance Sa8e, which cEoses this week,fvlarciV;2.RANGESWe have a niceline of Rangesand Cook Stovesat prices thatwill be worthto see.yourCook Stoves9$0,75For the BabyGents9OhifforobeSolid Oak Mission Tablete' Secret Drawer, 1highly polished.During Sale $9.75.RUGS!,We have been thetalk for Rugs.9x1 2Seamless VelvetRug$16.QOA. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,Main Street, Paris, Ky.CMAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseT HE HANDWRITING ON THE WALL.poultry yams ox lui wuuuj. jTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1, 1912.Cfears Forty-Two Years Old,Mr. William Grosche, of this city,has in his possession four cigars thathave attained the age of forty-twoyears, and although nearly half acentury has passed they are fairlywell preserved. Mr. Grosche's father,Mr. C. Grosche, now a resident ofMontgomery, Ala., was married in1872 in Cincinnati, and the custom ofthe Germans was to give cigars whichwere considered highly as weddingpresents. Among the numerous giftswas a box of cigars, hand-made of thevery finest tobacco. Mr. Grosche'smother, who died in this city severalyears ago preserved four of the number. which she placed careluly in anair-tight box, which was sealed andlaid away. A short time before shedied she presented them to her eldestson. who a few days ago opened thepackage to find each of the four cigarsin a fair state of preservation.SpecialCommissioner'sSaleOF-LANDBOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Gay Wins Second Contest.J. D. Gay, of Pine Grove. .Clarkcounty, defeated Harry Kehler, thePhiladelphia crack shot, in the secondrace for the purse of $1,5UU at tnerange of the Hill Top Gun Club Wednesday afternoon. The matuh has hadthe effect of attracting a large numberof sportsmen from all over the country.Out of a possible 100 birds Gay madea score of 92 while his opponent duplicated his performance of Monday andsceured but 81. The conditions of thecontest were the same as those ofMonday, trie first day, a thirty lyardrise, with thirty yard boundaries andfive traps, the targets being live pigeons.Thomas A. Marshall, who was theselection of Kehler, acted in the capacity of referee as he did in the opening event on Monday. With the exception of a stiff wind which blew overthe range the weather was ideal andhad the effect of bringing out a largecrowd of enthusiasts from Winchester,Lexington and Paris to- witness thesecond race of the contest.The closing shoot of the tournamentwill be held at the range this afternoonand the weather permitting a largecrowd is expected to be in attendance.The victory of Gay Wednesday giveshim a lead of fourteen birds over hisopponent and the result of the racethis afternoon will be watched with agreat deal cf interest.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr., as StatutoryGuardian of Jennie Connor, andOthers, on Petition.Under and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court renderedin the above styled action, the undersigned Special Commissioner of thesaid Court will sell at public auction tothe highest and best bidder, at thefront door of the Bourbon county courthouse, in the city of Paris, Ky,, at orabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,onMONDAY, MARCH 4, 1 91 2,the following described property:A certain tract of land situated inBourbon county, Kentucky, on thewaters of Strode's creek, and boundedas follows: Beginning in the middle ofthe Paris and Winchester turnpike atL, a corner to Matt Bedford and Mrs.Mariah Hildreth; thence N. 14K W.11.91 chains to K, a point in the middleof said pike;thenceN.16)4W.3.56chainsto J, a point in the middle of same;thence N. 2 W. 2.80 chains to I, apoint m the middle of same coiner toThomas Henry Clay; thence leayingthe pike N. 85 W. 2.07 chains to A, aniron post corner to said Clay; thencewith his line S. 12 W. 2.01 chains to B,an iron stake; thence S. 53H W. 1.73chains to C, a stake on the east bankof Strode's creek; thence up said creekon the east bank thereof as it meandersS. ZVz W. 4.30 chains to D, a stake onthe east side of a box elder; thence S19 W. 9.70 chains to E, a stake on theeast side of an elm; thence S. 20 W,4.61 chains to G, corner to Matt Bedford; thence leaving the creek withsaid Bedford's line N. 68 E. 14.72.chainsto the beginning, and containing 15.27acres of land.The above tract of land has on it thehereinafter named improvements, viz:a substantial frame dwelling of sixrooms and two halls, one barn, onecabin, smoke house, hen house andother outbuildings.Said sale will be made upon a creditof six and twelve months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser being required to execute bondsfor equal installments of the purchaseprice," with good security thereon, to beapproved by said Special Commissioner,payable to said Special Commissioner,bearing interest at the rate of six per'cent per annum from date of said saleuntil paid, having the force and effecto fa judgment, and to remain a lien onthe property sold until fully paid.C A. MCMILLAN,Special Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.Talbott & Whitley, Attorneys.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.(3-10-17-24feb-2mar)Oakland Farm Sold.Mn W. H. Whaley has sold to Mr.William Layson, of Millersburg, theOakland farm, three miles from Parison the Little Rock pike formerly thehome of the late , Robert G. Stoner.The price, which is reported to be $160per acre is one of the largest ever obtained for Bourbon county land. Associated with Mr. Layson in the purchaseof the farm which contains about 312acres of the most productive soil inthe county, is Mr. John Caldwell, ofShepard, Alberta Province, Can. Oakland farm is one of the most 'beautifulin this section of the state the improvements being 'of the- very finestand consisting of a handsome twostory brick resilience ana numerousstock barns and other necessary outbuildings. It is said Mr. Caldwell willsoon return to Kentucky from Canada,where he has benn located for severalyears in the great wheat growing section of that county, but recently disposed of all but a small" tract of hisholdings there, and will make his homeat Oakland, Possession will be givenimmediately.DEATHS.Saves 0nerialf.Save onehalf your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 8tFire, wind and lightning insur-Thomas & Woodford.ance.Clav Bill Reconsidered and IsPassed.Three Children Burned to Death.Three colored children were burnedto death in the fire which destroyedthe Colored Orphan's Home near Lexington early Tuesday morning. Thechildren were Seranda .Lee Nason,aged 6, Nattie C. Nason aged 4 andSailie P. Howard, aeed 8 years. Thechilrden were on the third floor whenthe fire broke out. William Walker,another child was dangerously injuredin being rescued.Fire and tornado insurance.McCLURE & CLENDENIIM.THE FAIR!On Friday NextSheet Iron Biscuit Pans, 14inches long, 5c each.Enameled Steel Dish Pans, the14-quart size, at each 25c.E lEnameled Steel Chambers, .child's size, 1st quality goods,each 9c.Brooms, best 25c broom on themarket, each 19c.Wall Paper, rich patterns, andgood quality, 10 bolts sidewalland 20 yards border to match,actual cost Sl.10 special forFriday, the lot for 09c.Floor Oil Cloth, 35c grade, at29c yard.Ink Tablets, 2 for 5c.High - grade Envelopes, xxxquality, 50 for 5c.Fruit or Ice Cream Saucers, 2for 5c.House Bill 304, introduced by Hon.Sidney G. Clay, of Bourbon, was reconsidered in the House Wednesday,which was followed by its passage bythat body.When the House met Tuesday mornins. Mr. Clay was given consent tocall up his hill, authorizing the Louisville & Nashville railroac to acquirethe Frankfort and I Cincinnati railwayconnecting Paris with Frankfort andGeorgetown.The bill provoked considerable discussion. It requires a constitutionalamendment authorizing railroad companies to purchase parallel lines notover one hunrded miles in length.Representative Hamilton, of Franklincounty, opposed the measure whileRepresentative Wiley, of Scott county,spoke for it and presented a petitioncontaining the signatures of three nundrea citizens ot bcott county, urgingthe passage of the bill. The Clay billreceived 50 votes to 27 against it, failing of passage, requiring 60 votes.The passage of the bill and a majority of votes in favor of the amendmentof Section 201 of the Constitution willmean mush to Paris as the Louisvilleand Nashville railroad company canthen legally acquire the Frankfort andCincinnati, and it is expected the comnanv will extend the line, which willgive them a direct line to Louisvilleand all of the shipping from theEastern part of the State will passthrough this city to Louisville, to theNorthern States. Several weeks agopetitions were in circulation here urging the f Legislature to pass the billand it is evident the people of Scottcounty realize that it will be a greathelp to Georgetown from the effortthey put forth to secure its passageTHE FAIR.Auction.2 Attend the auction in the old Baptistchurch building Saturday afternon,February 24, 1912. at 2 o'clock. Greatb aragins in furniture, gasolinestoves,washing (machines, B clothing, shoes,hats and many other things to numerous to mention. Some rare bargains.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Attractions At Lexington."THE SPRING MAID.""The Spring Maid," the newest ofViennesse Operettas, from whichharmonious ripples have spreadthroughout the country since its musicand merriment were first heard in NewYork last year. This production coruesto the Lexington Opera House Fridayand Saturday and Saturday matineeMarch first and second. The new firmof Werba & Leuscher are assuringperformance of brilliance. For theprima donna role they have brought tothis country, Mizzi Hajos, the fascinatmg Hungarian, who created thepart in Vienna. The great SpringMaid Orchestra, which plays a largepart will be a component.WAKE UP.r. icIHugh Augustus Talbott, agedabout 60 years, died Wednesday nightat the county infirmary after a protracted illness, of a complication ofdiseases. For a number of years Mr.Talbott was connected with the Ken-tuckian-Citizen office and was one ofthe best known machinists in this section of the State. In his early days hewan employed as an engineer on asteamboat on the Kentucky river andwas later. engaged in the same capacityat the famous iron works near thatstream many years ago. He is survived by one sister, Miss Jennie Talbott,of this city. The funeral will be heldat the grave in tne Paris cemetery thisafternoon at 3 o clock conducted byElder J. T. Sharrard.The Rev. Charles Louis Loos, LL.D., former president of TransylvaniaUnivreisty, Lexington, died in thatcity Tuesday ai the age of eighty-nine.He was the last of the famous trinityof Church of Christ leaders in AmericaHe entered the religious work as apupil of Alexander Campbell, and continued his church work until his death.Mrs. Annie Galbraith Linville,wife of Mr. Garrett Linville, died atthe family residence in Ruddles MillsTuesday morning at 9 :30 o'clock, aftera short illness, due to an attack , ofacute indigestion, which she sufferedwhile attending the Christian churchat that place Sunday evening.Besides her hubsand she is survivedby two children, Blanche and LucilleLinville, aged 7 and 9 years. Mrs. LseLinville, of Bourbon, was a sister ofthe deceased.;The funeral services wereUield at theresidence in Ruddles Millfe yesterdaymorning at ten o'clock conducted byRev. W. T. Mullins, and the burialtook place in the Carilsle cemetery.Mrs. Eliza M. Gootfdin, one ofMontgomery county's oldest and mosthighly honored women passed awaylast Saturday at her home in Mt.Sterling after a long illness. Deceased was in the eighty-third year of herage and although an invalid, was atruly remarkable woman for her advanced age. Her husband, George G.Goodwin, was also a pioneer of theBlue Grass and preceded her to thegrave several years. Mrs. Goodwinwas before her marriage Miss Jameson, daughter of Milton Jameson, ofMontgomery county. Mrs. E. K.Thomas and Mrs. Lucy Fesler, ofBourbon, are sisters surviving, besidesthree sons, Messrs. D. B. Goodwin, ofWinchester ; Prof. M. J. Goodwin, ofMt. Sterling, and Wm, M. Goodwin,of Cynthiana. The funeral serviceswere conducted by Elder Clark of theMt. Steriing Christian church Sundayfollowed by interment in the cemeterythere.tAMATRIMONIAL.Invitations have been issued to themarriagejof Miss Laura Leer, of Bourbon county, to Mr. Roger RandolphEarly, of Lexington. The marriagewill be celebrated at the home of thebride-elect in this county on Wednesday, March G.Miss Victoria Booth, aged 15 yearsand Mr, Hubert Lowry, aged 24 years,eloped to Maysville Monday and wereunited in marriage. The young coupleattended church at Little Rock Sunday night and drove to the home ofMiss Stella Flanders, a friend of thebride, where they exchanged horsesand drove to May&ville. The bride isa daughter of Mr. Sam Booth, a prominent farmer of Little Rock and thegroom is a prosperous young farmerof Little Rock. Having an interestwith Mr. Oscar Henry in the vicinityof Little Rock he has been spendingseveral months in Bourbon county.Mr. and Mrs. Lowry returned Mondaynight and will reside with Mrs. BessieReed in Montgomery county.Last Year to Secure Crosses.The local chapter of the Daughtersof the Confederacy desire that all Confederate Veterans who are entitled tocrosses cf honor, shall make application to Mrs. C. C. Leer, who will makeout the necessary papers and sendthem to Mrs. James Arnold, who isthe State Custodian of Crosses atCovington. This in the last year thatcrosses will be conferred upon veterans.Compliment to Bourbon Boys.The Louisville Post of a recent datecontained the following: "A highcompliment was paid today by theSenate to four Kentucky youths.Senator Graham offered a resolutionproviding that E. J. McDermott, Jr.,son of Lieutenant Governor McDermott: E. K. Thomas, Jr., son of Senator Claude Thomas ; John Clay, son ofHarry B. Clsy, and Turney Clay, sonof Frank Clay, were made pages ofthe Senate for this day without pay,and that the clerk of the Senate bedirected to send each youth a commission that it might be kept as a memento of the distinguished services oftheir fathers to the Senate."The three last named youths areBourbon county boys and are justlyproud of the honor bestowed uponthem by the Kentucky Senate.Small Csttage Sold.Messgrs. Harry and Orie Speakeshave sold their small frame cottage onSouth High street to Dr. D. S. Henryat a private figure. In the transactionthe Speakes brothers become owneisof a small cottage in Henry Additionwhich belonged to Dr. Henry.Fathers of Great Men.The father of Samuel Pepys was atailor. The father of James Mill wasa cobbler. The father of Jules Vernewas a day laborer. Oliver Cromwell'sfather was a brewer. Epictetus wasthe son of a day laborer. Socrates wastho son of a day laborer. Giotto, theartist, was a peasant's son. The father of Pius V. was a shepherd. Thefather of Schumann was a bookseller.The father of Pius IV. was a peasantThe father of Cowley was a grocer.The father of Charles Lamb was aservant. Milton was the son of a copyist Pope's father was a merchantNeander's father was a carter. Homerwae a farmer's son.THE PARIS GRAND!Monday, March 4tb.The Southern Enchantment Co.(Incorporated)rnFFFRTHE WELL KNOWN5 M ART QETWith a New and ThoroughlyEquipped Production.INEWCostumesSceneryNEWEffects- Music46?ElectricalEdition ofLaugh Producers-INCLUDING-SALEM TUTT WHITNEY--AND40 SINGERS, DANCERS, COMEDIANS, 40PRICES-Dress Circle $1 , Parquett 75c.Balcony Reserved for Colored People.Seats Now at Mitchell & Blakcrnorc's.:Don't Read ThisAdvertisement!Unless you DON'T CARE about whatyou Buy, the Price You Pay or theQuality of goods you get. We havethe best Stock of Groceries in Paris, .because we sell more, and conse-quently buy more frequent than the pother fellow. jSPRING GOODSSeed Potatoes, the best in the world, Onion Sets and J:Garden Seeds of all kinds, Flower Seeds, &c. All kinds Jof Fresh Green Goods.MONEY IN EGGSTry our celebrated Busch's Poultry Food it makes the 2hens lay whether they want to or not. We guarantee 2this Poultry Food to do the work or your money Wrefunded.Highest Market Price Paid for Country Produce.HOME-KILLED MEATSWe prde ourselves on furnishing the best of all kinds offresh meats. None but the best handled. Special attention given to this branch.! ! ! SPECIAL NOTICE ! ! !We will duplicate Anybody's Prices,and Your Credit is Good for 30 Days.A. W. COTTI INGHAM,The Up-Town Grocer, South Main St.Both Telephones No. 7ItlJjlllsiIMM'f:MM!lTOBACCOHAULING....,We are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can furnish teams,and wagons.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is j ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Pansies andFlox Everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.H. F. Hillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyA Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and 'curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House. Paris.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1, 1 912im BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTM jr'QNew Clerk.Mr. Ivan Soper has accepted aclerkship at the store of H. M. Collins& Co.For Sale Cheap.One "Leer System" file. In goodcondition. Will sell cheap for cash.Apply at News office. tfSaves One Half.Save one half your clover seed andinsure a stand. See the clover seeddrill on sale by Yerkes & Prichard. Itwill do it. 9 gtContract For New Front.Mr. John Merringer has let the contract to Harry M inter for a new frontto be placed in his business house onMain street. Work will be commencedin a few weeks.Special for Saturday.Elephant corn 7 1-2 cents per can ;90 cents per dozen for Saturday only.CURTIS HENRY & CO.OatEqual.We now have the sole agency forOat-Equal, the celebrated horse, muleand cow feed. Give it a trial.YERKES & PRICHARD.Sale Saturday.The sale of live stock and farmingimplements of Lloyd Ashurst whichwas to have been hld on February 25,was postponed on account of the inclement weather, and will be held on Saturday, March 2.Embroidery Sale.Attend the embroidery sale thisweek at theSIMON DEPT. STORE.OatEqual.P We now have the sole agency forOat-Equal, the celebrated horse, muleand cow feed. Give it a trial.23 4t YERKES & PRICHARD.Residence Not Offered.The residence of Mrs. Sallie McMillan in East Paris which was to havebeen exposed to public sale yesterdaywas not offered owing to the cold, disagreeable weathpr, and only a smallcrowd was in attendance.Just Received.A handsome line of spring skirts justreceived at theSIMON DEPT. STORE.Purchases Electrical Business.G. A. Hill & Bro., of xMaysville,have disposed of their branch electrical house-in this city to Mr. L. C.Storey, who has been in the employ ofthe firm for some time. Mr. Storeycame here from Maysville, where hewailemployed by Hill & Bro., and isan expert electrician.Field Seeds.We are headquarters for timothy,clover and alsike seeds. See us beforebuying. Both phones 14.27 4t CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Reelfoot Lake Fish.Fresh Reelfoot Lake fish receivedtoday. They will go fast. Order early.LOGAN HOWARD.Tobacco Cotton.All grades of tobacco cotton at theSIMON DEPT. STORE.Mitchell Lyle Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reportsMitchell Lyle's sale on Tuesday as follows: Horses $88.50, mules $280, apair, cows $47 to $60 per head, chickens 40c each, yearling heifers 23 toS25 a head. Household effects andfarming implements sold well. Attendance small.Special for Saturday.Elephant corn 7 1-2 cents per can ;90 cents per dozen for Saturday only.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Fresh Fish Today.Fresh fish received daily. Phone usyour order early.1 tf SAUER.Given Heavy Fine.Before a jury Judge E. B. Januaryin police court Monday Anna MayEvans, colored, was tried on a warrantcharging her with nourishing a deadlyxTiein-nnn nnH CT7Q C OlOPn H finft Of SI 00VTl.C.JJUftJ UUU TVUtj fc " -1and a sentence of twenty-five days injail.Special Sale of Embroidery.Five thousand yards of 15 cent and20 cent embroidery at 10 cents peryard for this week only.SIMON DEPT. STORE.He Advertised in The News.A South JMain street merchant inserted a few readers in last Friday'sNews advertising hams at 15 cents perpound on the following day. He soldovpr 600 pounds.Moral. Advertise in the News andget the money.Special for Saturday.Elephant corn 7 1-2 cents per can;90 cents per dozen for Saturday only.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Construction-Equipment Moved.me Price Construction Co. whichfor several months has beeii engagedli grading for the double track of theLouisville and Nashville railroad inand near this city, Tuesday movedtheir equipment to Kenney Stationwhere they nave about six miles ofwork between that place and Decoar-scy.(PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. S. 'M. Wilmotn is recoveringfrom a recent severe illness.Mrs. Belle Mitchell has been illfor the past week with the grippe.Miss Stella Owens is at Martinsville, Ind., for a ten days' stay.Mr. J. A. Bower is at Pass Christian, Miss., forka short vacation.Mr. Henry Thompson, of Winchester, was a visitor in the city yesterday. Hon. and Mrs. E. M. Dickson returned Wednesday night from LittleRock, Ark.Mrs. Jessie MattoA is the guest ofher mother, Mrs. Lou Curren, inCynthiana.Mr. J. W. Bramblett is visitinghis daughter, Mrs. C. C. Robbins, inWinchester.Mr. W. A. Thompson is able to beout after a severe attack of muscularrheumatism.Mrs. Maggie Clay Ferguson, ofLexington, is the guest of Mrs.Thompson Tar.Miss Anna May Davis was theguest Wednesday of Mrs. CharlotteDavis in Lexington.Mr. R. K. McCarney, who is undertreatment at the Good Samaritan Hospital in that city is doing nicely.Mrs. R. M. Harris, of this city, isthe guest of Mrs. J. L. Ferguson andMrs. T. S. Gaines in Georgetown.Mr. 'Alex Keller arrived fromChicago Monday for a visit to hisparents, Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Keller.The Women's Society of the Christian church met Tuesday with Mrs. W.R. Scott, at her home on South Mainstreet.Mrs. Ed Faulconer has returned toher home in Cannel City after a visitto her parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. T.Templin.Miss Katherine Davis will go toCynthiana to attend the dance theretonight and will be the guest of Mrs.Redmon Lair.Mrs. Ed Taylor and Mrs. SamClay, of Lexington, were the guestsyesterday of Mrs. Rebecca Hughesand Mis. W. E. Board.Mr. and Mrs. William Myall attended the banquet at the PhoenixHotel in Lexington Tuesday nightgiven by the W. C. T. U.-Reports from the bedside of MissRuth Morgan, daughter of Elder andMrs. Carey E. Morgan, of Nashville.Term.,, are to the effect that she isslowly recovering from the effects oftwo surgical operations.Building Retaining Wall.The Louisville & Nashville railroadhas a large force of men at work onRailroad street in the construction ofan immense concrete retaining wall.The workmen have set their forms onthe protruding rock ledges and arebuilding a battered wall, which willbo much thicker at the base than atthe top. This will be quite an improvement to this section of the city, as thecliff at this point is very dangerousand the impiovement will add greatlyto the appearance of the surroundingsof the locality. A high board fencewill be constructed at the top of thewall.Sells Residence Property.Mr. Chas. Clendenin has disposed ofhis residence property on Secondstreet to Mr. A. J. Skillman, of nearLittle Rock, at the repoted price of$2,200. Mr. Clendenin will move tohis farm near this city where he willengage extensively in the dairy andpoultry ousiness. Mr. Skillman willmove from his farm in the country tomake his home in this city.Talbott Sale.The sale of Robert Talbott at hisfarm near Colville Thursday was wellattended and satisfactory prices wererealized from everything offered. 3ol.George D. Speakes conducted the sale,which was reported as follows:Horses $105 to $205, horse colts $40 toS85, mules $155 each, sheep $6 to $9,85 pound shoats $4.50 each, 60 poundshoals ,$3.25 each, small pigs $1.75each, cow $57 each, corn in crib $4.45per barrfl.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.Elder Ellis Accepts Call to Paris.Elder W. E. Ellis, who was lastSunday, extended a call by the congregation of the Paris Christian churchhas tendered his resignation as pastorof the Cynthiana church and will accept the call to the Paris church. Theresignation was presented to theBoard of Officers of the Cynthiananhnrph rohn rplnnt.nntl v accented it! and the matter will be laid before thecongregatiun. Mr. Ellis expects to begin his work in this city on May 1.The Cynthiana Democrat containedthe following :"The friends of Rev. W. ci. Ellis atCynthiana are much grieved that he isto resign his charge as pastor of theChristian church in this city to accepta call tendered him last Sunday by anunanimous vote of the members of theChristian church at Paris."Mr. Ellis has been minister herefnr flip rinsf- pcht vears. We ventureto assert hat no where at any time;was a minister of the Gospel moredeadly beloved by his own people andheld in higher estem and respect bythe community at lare than has beenMr. Ellis at Cynthiana. A man ofscholarly attainments, a preacher ofgreat ability and strength, a pastorclose to the hearts of the people, Mr.Ellis has accomplished a great and enduring work here which his friendsare loath to have him leave. TheCynthiana church has grown rapidlyand wonderfully under his ministry.Everybody, in his church, in otherchurches, and out of the church, is hisfriend and his departure will be sincerely regretted evrey where."Squire Fretwell's Court.As the result of a quarrel whichtnnlr nlom i-ian. tnnbuAnllilla O f GOTdays since between Pud and Joe Johnson and Stoll Collins and Taylor Jonesin which v knives and pistols weredrawn, Collins and Jones were inSquire L. J. Fretwell's court yesterday morning and each received a fineof $75 and costs. The fines were replevined. John Smith and Fred Slusher whogave Covington as their place of residence, were before Squire Fretwellyesterday afternoon upon the chargeof housebreaking and weie held to thegrand 'jury in the sum of $100, whichthey failed to give and were remandedto jail. It was alleged the boys brokeinto a house on the Hinton farm nearHutchison occupied by a Mr. Barlowand secured a quantity of food.Overby Sale.Auctioneer M. F. Kenney reportsthe Overby sale yesterday as follows:Horses $75 to $160 a head, mules $290a pair, cows $35 to $45 a head, broodsows $8 to $12 a head, shoats $1.50 to$2,50 a head, corn $3.75 per barrel,clover hay $20 a ton, timothy hay $23per ton, chickens 50 cents to 56 centseach, farming implements sold well.Attendance small.Local Option Case Postponed.The contest over the local optionelection held in Georgetown severalweeks ago, which was set for lastMonday, was postponed on account ofthe "wets" annoucning that theywere not ready for trial.Embroideryand StampingThe undersigned is preparedto do all kinds of Fancy Embroidery Work and Stampingof the latest patterns. Workguaranteed and satisfactiongiven in regard to prices.The public trade is respectfully solicited.miss Cida B. Ducrson,main Street, bet. 5tb and 6tb.PUBLIC SALE!OPLIVE STOCK.I will djll at public auction, onMonday, March 4, 1912,County Court day, at 11 o'clock a.m., on the courthouse square, inParis, Ky., the best pair of 6 year-olddraft mares in the State. They aresound, gentle and good workers;each in foal to jack.Also, one pair of 5 and 6 year oldmare mules ; sound and good workers.GEO. D. SPEAKES,It Auctioneer.Farm of 100 Acres For Rent. On good road and well improved.Close to town, schools and churches.Twevle acres for tobacco, 30 or 40 forcorn and 10 acres for oats ; 40 acres ingrass.MASON TALBOTT,23 3t North Middletown, Ky.House and Land for Rent.Eight room house with all necessaryoutbuildings and conveniences, largegarden, with ten acreB of grass land,for cash rent. Only those ready tocomply, with these terms need apply.Will also rent Beven acres of virgintobacco land and fifty acres of cornland on shares. . Above house arid'land situated on interurban two mile3from Paris.CLARENCE WRIGHT.R. R D. No. 8, Paris. Ky.2t-pd E. T. Phone 399.r-iA New InstitutionFor Paris.1 .fans is now in line withnearly all of the progressivecities in Kentucky in having aTrust Company to serve thepeople in all capacities within.the province of a Trust Company.The BourbonBank & Trust Co.lent ecmiDment stitnds readv to Iact as Executor or Administrator of estates and as Trustee orGuardian of infant heirs andother persons, and in all fiduci-Itiij v;auv;iuic3. ill auuiUUU L'llcllTrust Derjartment is PmrrnTrfdto act as management of property, as Assignee and as Trustee for bond issues.All business, large or small,will be given careful attentionby the officers of the BourbonBank & Trust Co. and will beunder the supervision of theBoard of Directors.Secure $1,000 Damages.An error in the amount of damagessecured by Miss' Georgia Adamson, ofCarlisle, for the injuries sustained inthe wreck on the Maysville Division ofthe L. & N. at New Forrest, appearedin this paper. The amount stated was$500 butishould have been $1,000. MissAdamson was enrouta to this city,where she was employed as bookkeeper in the office of the Home TelephoneCompany when the wreck occurred.Wall Paper Time.Now is the time of year to do yourpapering for spring. Our stock wasnever so full and complete with beautiful patterns. Something entirelynew. Come in and look over the bigstock. Our decorators ara ready towait on you; Prices to suit all pocketbooks. J. T. HINTON.Public Speaking.Hon. J. Campbell Cantrill will speakat the courthouse in Paris at 1 :30o'clock p. m., on Monday, March 4, inthe interest of his candidacy in theDemocratic Congressional Primary,March 16. 27-2tNEW RECORDSFORMARCHNow On Sale.Come In and Hear Them.Ask for one of our newcomplete Record Catalogs,the finest thing of its kindever issued.ty Bros.DatigfterJ. T. HINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.Z J. UU oLJLX J5UVk WHAT BLANKETSI have left at cost, and I have not many. Among theseare some EXTRA GOOD All-Wool. I am also offeringCOMFORTS at greatly reduced prices. . 'l J. T. HI3STT03ST.IThat Something DifferentIs Here Get the Name." Ratine' or "TerryCloth.White and All Good Spring Shades.The Latest New York Novelty in Wash Material,Used for Dresses, Skirts and Trimmings.Come, be the first to see it.W. EdALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butterich Patternsiirees tasnFriday andIIFancy Chocolate Layer Cake, large size 15cFresh Baltimore Oysters, per quart 40cWinter-caught Salmon 15clbAtmore's Mince Meat 12 1 -2c ItChase & Sanborne's Tea, 1-2 lb. can 35cPurity Flour, best made, 24-lb. sack 75cPurity Flour, per cwt $3.00Chase & Sanborne's special blend coffee 30cHeno Tea, per lb 75cMuth's Raisin and Cinnamon Bread.FEE'SmSyyTuckerspecials,Saturday'VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1, 1912.Stubborn Case"I was under the treatment of two doctors," writesMrs. R. L. Phillips, of Indian Valley, Va., "and they pronounced my case a very stubborn .one, of womanly weakness. I was not able to sit up, when I commenced totake Cardui. 1I used it about one week, before I saw much change.Now, the severe pain, that had been in my side for years,has gone, and I don't suffer at all. I am feeling better thanin a long time, and cannot speak too highly of Cardui."Wbman'sTonicif you are one of those ailing women who suffer from anyof the troubles so common to women.Cardui is a builder of womanly strength. Composedof purely vegetable ingredients, it acts quickly on thewomanly system, building up womanly strength, toning upthe vomanly nerves, and regulating the womanly system.Cardui has been in successful use for more than 50 years.Thousands of ladies have written to tell of the benefit theyreceived from it. Try it for your troubles. Begin today.Write io: Ladies Advisory Dent. Chattanooca Medicine Co.. Chattanoora. Tenn..for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 52TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Wool Worsted, Hand-Tailored, Suits at $1 0.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,our Special $15.Overcoats in evevy new cut and weave, prices range from7,50, 10, $12.50, 15, 18 and 20.We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest 4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 4.The reliable Douglas Shoes 2.50, 3, 3.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, 2, 2.50, 3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best 1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and 2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentL. 5c N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo.341342971040373123326259138385393083231FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34arriCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily... T. 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrsLirLS 3D o -partNo.344294010137373313362625 -38939.328303113TOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday. 8.20 airMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday N. 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pmRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday . " 6.15 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pmLexington, K., Daily 10.55 pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda . 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday ; . . .5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only . 10.00 pmTrains X3epstrtNo. TOIfil Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only . 7 10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday '7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ; ; . . ; . 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday., . . ..... . .". .V. vo.52Jam;Securing Good Seeds. ,'There is no way estimating (haannual loss from planting poor 5ecV,but we do know that the loss is enormous. Much of this Jobs can be eaci)yprevented by using care, in purchasingseeds and in giving proper attentionto these produced on the farm.It is none loo early now to secureseed for spring use, for almost evSlyfarmer has planned his crops for thecoming year and kcowB what seedswill be required. Purchasing early hasseveral distinct advantages. First, itallows selection from a large stock.Later the stock is small and naturallyonly the seeds of poorer quality areleft. By nurchasing early, dealerswill be found willing to furnish smallsamples of different lots for' inspection. These samples may be tested forpurity and germination, and the seedproving the purest and giving the mostvigorous germination selected. Ifseeds are ordered late there may',be delay in shipping, so that they are noton hand when needed. This causesworry, delay and expense.Good seeds should show a high percent of germination, should be freefrom injurious weed seeds, free fromadulteration with cheaper seeds ofsimilar appearance,, and should b ofa variety, suited to the conditions underwhich it is to be grown. There is noway of determining this in case ofmost seeds andnthe honesty of the dealer is the only surety of getting desirable strains or ;varieties Weed seedsand adulterations are nearly alwaysconfined to grass and clover seedsFarmers should become acquaintedwith the appearance of seeds of injurious weeds and refuse to accept seedcontaining therm For instruction inidentifying seeds the farmer is referred to Bulletin 124 of thisystation.Germination tests should be made ofall seeds planted, whether the seed isproduced on the farm or bought on themarket Such tests are simple andeasily made, and may be the means ofsaving many dollars The ExperimentStation will make tests for puritj orgermination for any farmer in theState without cost, if Bmall samplesof an ounce ot two of seed are sent tothe Station. In casef of the small seedssuch as bluegrass and redtop, the testis. difficult and should be made at theExperiment Station.A simple germination tester is madeof two ordinary dinner plates withsmooth edges. One hundred of, the seedto be tested are counted out and placedon a small damp cloth or blotter andcovered by another cloth or blotter ofthe same size. This is laid upon one ofthe plates and the other plate invertedover it.gThe tester should be kept in awarm place and enough water addedffom time to time to supply amplemoisture for germination, but not anexcess.In testing corn, each ear Bhould betested, and a special nox is necessary.The method of testing corn has beenso often explained that nearly everyfarmer is familiar with it. Bulletin153 of this Station explains the processin detail. The quality of corn this yearis exceptionally poor, due to the unfavorable season, and no farmer shouldneglect testing his seed corn.E. J. KINNEY.Assistant Agronomist, Kentucky Experiment Station.Bovrbon Garage & Supply Co.!Pftris, KentuckyTtenders "20" three Speed Delivery Car.Price $800 IF.Oob. DetroitINSIDE DIMENSIONS:43 inches wide; 35 inches wide in door frame; 49 inches long back of Wtseat; 53 inches high. Load capacity 1,000 pounds. jBody is interchangeable with Flanders touring car body and in a few minutesthe delivery car can be transferred into the touring car. fWrite for Circular giving complete specifications.Bourbon Oarage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,iereat var, ,A r.icaf. m.i itatiigivenhe .ruisrupAre Ever at War.ie two things everlastingly, c v and piles Buttmcklen'salve will banish piles in anysoon subdues the itching,i inflammation or swelling.comfort, invites iov. Great-. nof burns, boils, ulcers. cuts.eczema, scalds, pimples, skinns.r'nly2oc at Oberdorfei's.Mixed Patriotism.Up In the Nineteenth assembly district they are telling this story of afallen political Idol. In the rounds ofhis social activities he attended anafternoon entertainment given by theOutdoor Playground association.Among the vocal selections renderedby the children was "My Country, 'Tlsof Thee." At the conclusion of thathymn the political idol was calledupon for a few remarks. He addressed the audience with emotion."Children," he said, "it does myheart good to hear you. Scarcely everhave I heard The Star-Spangled Banner' so beautifully sung," New YorkTimes.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H... Stabenvoll, Allison.Ia., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity,In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've triedjin vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Expensive Bravery.The manager of a shcoting gallerypatronized by women was glad to getanother pupil, but he could not exactlysympathize with her husband's motivefor urging her to acquire crack markmanship. "One night when she was stayingalone up in the country a burgler gotinto the house," the husband said,"and she had to fire six shots at himbefore she touched him, and then sheonly grazed the tail of his coat It's'wicked extravagance to waste cartridges like that, and she's got toshoot."edicine Called DigestitSupplied to G. S. Varden & Son.The Public is Given an Opportunity to Test the Merit of D ides tit,the IsfeW Relief for Stomachs.RELIEVES INDIGESTION ALMOST INSTANTLY.G. S. Varden & Son have been supplied with DIGESTIT, the new remedy for indigestion and all stomachupsets, and sufferers are invited totry this new medicine with the distinct understanding: that G. S. Varden & Son will refund the money ifyou are not pleased with the resultsof a few doses.DIGESTIT is a certain relief of allforms of indigestion, sour stomach,heartburn, belching, or that fullstuffy feeling after eating a heartymeal. It is a harmless remedy, absolutely free from poisons or habitforming drugs ; it simply digests foodand tones the stomach to its naturalhealthful condition.The distributors of this remarkableremedy propose to prove beyond adoubt its merit and have anthorizedG. S. Varden & Son to furnish a limited number of full size 50c packageswithout cost.If you are a victim of Indigestionyou cannot afford to miss this opportunity to get relief. Go to G. S. Varden now and get a package withoutcost. The number is limited bettergo now.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington - FranktortDivision.Indian Killed 'on Track.Near Roehelle, 111., an Indian wentto sleep on a railroad track and waskilled by the fast express. He paidfor his carelessness with his life. Often its that way when people neglect coughs and colds. Dr King'sNew Discovery will cure them andso prevent a dangerous throat orlung trouble. "It completely curedme in a short time of a terriblecounh that followed a severe attackof grip' writes J. R. Watts, Floydada, Tex., "and I regained 15 poundsin weight that I had lost." Quick,safe' reliable and guaranteed. 50cand $1. Trial bottle Iree at OberdorCars leave Pans for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p.4n.,and at 10 p. m., the last car going;only as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris every,hour on the hour from G a. m. until7 p. in., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles, yCars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., wie lasu car going umj as jai ,as Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON ,NICHOLASVILLEDivision.povq iPiivfi Georgetown for Lexingtonand NicholasvUle every forty-five,minutes after the hour from 5:45 a. Im. until 6:45 p. m., and S:05 and10:05 p.m. jCars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. m juntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholas-Jville every thirty minutes after the !hour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. jm. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexingtnn and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour fromJ3:l5 a.m. until 2:lo p. m. ana iu:io p. m.STILL AT IT!Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come InWonderful BargainsIn AH Depart mentsTWIN BROS.Two' Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, KentuckyimDaily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Tel-- phones: Old Phone 309,- New. phdne 309 1FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris, Ky.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclasf barbers. " 13 tfFOB SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house: large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,23 tfE. T. phone 45 or 364.Paris, 'KyTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1, 1912ATL F 1 Sj ine rooitI nf FlSame.::By LOUIS JOSEPH VANCE:Illustrations, Ellsworth YoungCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph Vance"You might help ine out a bit, youknow," said the boy briskly. "You'vebeen, so free with your informationthat I don't doubt you will place mestill further under obligation to youby turning your back and depositingyour weapons on that table. Of course,I needn't bore you by remarks uponthe folly of false moves."" 'Twould be quite superfluous," replied 0'Rourker obeying with a fairand easy grace. "There now. Whatelse may be your pleasure?""Move back three paces and standstill.""Right-O, me lord."O'Rourke executed the prescribedevolution and, at rest, heard footstepsbehind him; a thought later he feltthe Englishman's hands rapidly goingA Man Stood in One of the Windows.through his pockets. Then, with a"very good," the latter stepped between the table and O'Rourke andfaced him."You've apparently told the truththus far," he said. "Now what'dyouknow about this?" He waved a handround the room. "Be careful whatyou say. I may as well inform youI'm Couch, lieutenant sub-chief ofpolice for this district.""Saint Patrick would be no morewelcome," declared O'Rourke. "I wason the point of trying to get ye bytelephone when ye saved me the trouble. How the divvle did ye happento drop in so opportunely?""I was coming up-stream in the police launch, on the night tour of Inspection, and stopped at the landingjust below this the grounds here rundown to the river, you know to telephone back to headquarters on business. The exchange operator suggested I look in here and see if everythingwas all right said he'd been unableto get any response since nightfall. .. . Now?"Carefully and concisely O'Rourkewove the events of the day into astraight narrative, starting with thedelivery to Sypher of the Pool ofFlame, touching briefly upon Des Trebes part so far as he understood itand concluding with the death ofthe coolie. The sub-chief of policeeyed him throughout with gravelyconcentrated interest, nodding hisunderstanding."I see," he said slowly. "You makeit clear enough. Moreover, you'veconvinced me. I didn't really believefrom the first you'd had any hand inthis ghastly mess, but I couldn't takechances, of course. You're at libertyto take up these pistols as sgon as youplease; in fact, I advise you to doso immediately. From what's takenplace already, you may have need of'em within the next ten seconds. . .. Now for this coolie. If he's able tospeak, I'll get some information out ofhim.""'Tis too far gone he is, I'm fearing." "We'll soon find out." The Englishman bent over the man, who was nowvery quiet, but, by the constant flicker of his cunning eyes, still conscious.A hasty examination told the investigator all he needed to know about thenature of the wound. "He'll not last3ong," said Lieutenant Couch, and began to converse with the local veiuacular of Pidgin-English, about oneword in ten of which was intelligibleto O'Rourke. As he continued to speakthe coolie's scowl darkened and he interrupted with a negative motion ofhis head. The sub-chief repeated hisremarks with emphasis. For reply hegot a monosyllable that sounded, asmuch as anything else, like an oath.Couch looked up. "He says he wantswater, and I suspect he wonfspeakuntil he gets it Can you?"O'Rourke fetched the half-emptycarafe and Couch put it to the coolie'slips, permitting him to drink as muchas he liked. But as soon as the bottlewas removed tne rellow shut hismouth like a trap and refused a wordin answer to the lieutenant's demandsand persuasions."Stubborn brute," growled Couch."Most of these animals here belong tosome devlish tong or other, and they'drather die than say anything touchingon the business of the society or afEecting the interests of a brothermember. But I think I know a way tobring him to reason. Hand me thatknife, please."Wondering, O'Rourke tendered himthe weapon that had brought death toSypher. The lieutenant wiped it callously on a corner of the coolie'sblouse and held the keen shiningblade before his eyes, accompanyingthe action with a few emphaticphrases. A curious expression, compounded of sullen fury and abject panic fright, showed in the Chinaman'seyes, and his lips were as if by magicunsealed. However reluctant, he began to chatter and spoke at length,delivering himself of a long statement which Couch punctured now andagain with pertinent, leading questions. At length, throwing aside the knife,he jumped up, strong excitement burning in his eyes. "I've got enough fromhim," he said rapidly. "I'll explainlater. You'll help of course; yourwife's involved as well as Miss Pynsent. But I don't think you need fear;we'll be in time. Are you ready? .. . Half a minute; I've got to usethat telephone."He ran out into the hall, rang upand shouted a number into the receiver, and for a few moments spokerapidly in a Burmese dialect.O'Rourke gathered that he was speaking with a native subordinate at thepolice headquarters in Rangoon.Couch swung back into the study."Got those revolvers, sir? Then comealong; we'll have to run for it. Fortunately our launch is handy; otherwise . . ."He sprang across the veranda anddown to the lawn, O'Rourke peltingafter him.CHAPTER XXXIV.A night of velvet blackness, softlyopaque, lay upon land and water. Thepolice launch, shuddering with the vibrations of a motor running at hightension, sped down the silent reachesof Rangoon River like a hunted ghost.She ran without lights, these havingbeen extinguished by Couch's directions, regardless of harbor regulationsor danger. Happily the hour was lateenough to relieve them of much fearof trouble with other craft; the upperreaches of the river were practicallydeserted.In the bow Couch was handling thewheel with the nonchalance of onefrom whom the river had no secretsby night or day. To O'Rourke it seemedno light task to pilot so slight a craftat such high speed through thatStygian darkness; yet the sub-chiefwas accomplishing the feat without adiscernable trace of fear or tremorof uncertainty.O'Rourke sat beside him. In thestern a police orderly acted as mechanic, attending to the motor. Thesethree, no more, made up the rescueparty.Though devoured by impatience andanxiety, O'Rourke forbore to questionCouch, hesitating to divert his attention from his task and knowing thatas soon as he could the young lieutenant would speak. From the timewhen the coolie had yielded, therehad been not a second's rest for either; neither had had time to confersave on questions of the most immediate moment; and control of theseCouch had voluntarily and naturallyassumed, deciding, acting and directing in the same thought, apparently."Your wife, with Miss Pynsent,"said Couch abruptly, without lookinground "at least I presume it's Mrs.O'Rourke, from what you say havebeen kidnaped by a gang of highbinders and are now aboard a junk In thelower river, which will sail for God-knows-whereat the turn of the tide.That's the only thing that saves 'em.We'll be on 'em before they're able toforce a way down the river."O'Rourke groaned, holding his headwith both hands. "My wife . . .!"he said brokenly."I know," Couch interrupted grimly; "I know how you feel. Miss Pynsent is there, too, you see.""Oh," said O'Rourke, "I"didn't understand that. ... I'm sorry." Hedropped a hand on the younger man'sshoulder and let it rest there briefly."Please God," he said reverently,"there'll be many another pollutedyellow soul yammering at the gatesof hell this night!""Amen!" said Couch. ... Wesha'n't be long now."Silently O'Rourke removed his coatand waist-coat, his collar and lawntie, and turned back his cuffs. "Evening clothes are hardly the thing tofight in," he said; "but I'm thinking'twon't make a deal of difference tome. Got any cartridges for a Webleymark IV?""Wheeler has. Give ColonelO'Rourke a few, Wheeler," said Couch,addressing the orderly.The latter rummaged in a lockerand pressed into O'Rourke's hand halfa dozen cartridges, with which theadventurer proceeded to replenish theempty chamber in his revolver."I'd only discharged one," he observed, "but 'tis likely well need that,even, with only the three of usagainst a junk-load.""Oh, I telephoned for reinforcements, of course," returned Couch."They ought to be there ahead ofus."."What did the. coolie tell ye, if ye'vetime to talk?"Ocuch laughed. 'l caressy toutgwondering how I made him speak atall.""That's the true word for ye.""I threatened to cut off his silly pigtail and send him naked and dishonored to the ghostly halls of his ancestors. It's wonderful how much thosecallous brutes dote on that decoration. I told him further, 'that if helied, when I found it out I'd returnand shave him bald as an egg, even ifhe were dead by that time. So I persuaded the truth from him, the wholestory from his side Of it.""I'm listening. . . Jv"He confessed he was in the paylike these chaps we're after now ofa highly respectable Chinese merchantand head of one of the tongs one ofthe richest men in Rangoon, who, itseems, was also after that ruby. Ican't imagine what he wanted of it,but that'll come out, probably; theman's rich .enough to buy dozens ofstones as fine. However ... Igather he'd laid 'his plan far ahead.The coolies intimated you'd beenwatched all the way from Bombay. Atall events, the brutes were readywhen you arrived; Sypher was adoomed man from the moment youhanded over the Pool of Flame. Theysurrounded his house this night, coming up from the river, just as soon asit was dark enough to conceal theiractions. Then they found a third element in the business your friend DesTrebes, all unsuspicious of them, lurking on the veranda and watching Sypher through the window. So theywaited to see what ho was up to. Andpretty soon they found out. Syphercame downstairs, went to the safe and,opened it; I presume he had the. stonein his hand, ready to put away. Whilehe was standing there the Frenchmanslipped up behind and stabbedhim, annexing the stone and leaving the way he got in. The instant he stepped off the veranda theChinese got him; but he managed toscream before they could silence himand drew the attention of the household, Miss Pynsent, your wife and theservants. So to cover things up theyhad to gather them all in. The servants were killed there were three ofthem and the women . . ."Neither man spoke for a time. ThenCouch resumed."This coolie was an outsider aservant of the merchant's not oneof the junk gang; so he stayed ashore,and thought it would be a fine youngscheme to return and do a little looting on his own . . . I've telephoned the head office to arrest thatcursed merchant and confiscate hishouse and goods and detain anybodythey could catch connected with him.The net's well enough laid, and Ithink . . ."The lights of the city became visible, strung along the right bank ofthe river as the launch rounded abend. Couch swung the little boatout into midstream. "Half-speed,Wheeler," he said, adding to O'Rourke:"I've got to pick out that junk. I presume the right one will have all sailset and be moving downstream' withthe tide; It's just on the turn nowand fortunately there's no wind worthmentioning. ... I wish I couldsee something of the other launch."He peered anxiously into the obscurity ahead. "If there were only starlight !" he complained bitterly."Stand by, Wheeler, to stop the motor.We'll drop alongside with the current,as quietly as we can. ColonelO'Rourke, will you get forward andtake the boathook and headwarp,please; I'm needed at the wheel andWheeler at the engine until we makefast."Cautiously the Irishman rose, tookthe boathook Couch offered him, andcrept out upon the narrow triangle ofdeck at the bows. Crouching there,he found the headwarp and waited,tense with anxious expectancy, staring ahead in futile effort to penetrateThe Boarding Party Stood at Bay.the wide, shadowy reaches of the river. But the mystical distances confused and eluded him. The launchseemed to move, panting, in an abyssof night. She made little noise: ahiss of water beneath her stem; thesteady humming of the motor, throttled down to half speed; the muffledgasping of the exhaust. And presently even these ceased at a word fromCouch, and the launch moved onlywith the tide.Abruptly a towering wall of opaqueblack rose out of the darkness tostarboard. O'Rourke braced himselffor the imminent Instant of action,poised so lightly upon his toes andfingertips that a swell from a movingvessel would have thrown him offhis balance, perhaps overboard. Thelaunch closed swiftly and silently inupon the black wall; it towered overhim like a cliff; far above he couldsee dim divisions Between DiacK anablack that must be the rail. And heshook his head, dismayed; he couldnever scale that, he thought; not eventhe O'Rourke could accomplish a miracle. But in a breath it had fadedback, and he realized that the towering poop of the junk had misled him.They were now alongside at the waist.He stood . up and saw a low railingmoving and caught it over the edge ofthe rail, drew the launch in, let go theboathook and, with the headwarpwrapped about his hand, jumpedblindly.Something dealt him a vicious, allbut paralysing, bl&w In the pit of thestomach; he doubled up, for a moment helpless, across the junk's rail,but retained sufficient presence ofmind to hold on to the headwarp.Then, recovering a trifle, he squirmedover and fell sprawling upon the deck,his heels drumming an abrupt andviolent alarm. From somewhere heheard a shrill jabbering arise, with anensuing patter of bare feet. Swiftlyhe got upon-his knees and drew in theheadwarp, with his free hand searching along the rail for a cleat. Something thumped heavily on the deck beside him, and grunted; and somethingelse followed with a second bump;and the launch swung outward and,caught by the current, jerked theheadwarp from his grasp. "May theluck of the O'Rourke still hold!" heprayed fervently, getting upon his feetto realize that, with Couch and theman Wheeler, he was imprisonedaboard the junk, doomed there to remain whatever might befall, untilthe coming of the second launch . .. or perhaps for a longer time.As he rose some indistinct body raninto him and cannoned off with an uncouth yelp; with no time to draw hisrevolvers, the adventurer struck outwith a bare hand and had the satisfaction of finding a goal for his blowof landing heavily on bare flesh andof hearing the dull sound of a fallupon the deck.Synchronously lights were flashingout for and aft. A revolver spat venomously beside him. Somewhere aman screamed and fell, whimperinghorribly. The revolver expoded a second time. There were confusednoises, as of a furious struggle, roughand tumble, and he suspected that oneor another of his companions hadbeen tackled bodily by one of thejunk's crew. On his own part hecaught a glimpse of a shadow movingghostlike against one of the lights,and promptly exorcised it with a shot.By this time the vessel seemed tobe caught in the grip of pandemonium; shouts and shots vied withscreams, groans, confused paddingfootsteps, to make the moment one ofa nightmare. The boarding party stoodat bay, not daring to venture from thespot on which they had landed, firingsteadily but with discretion.Huddled together like children infear of the powers of darkness, thethree held their fire against the inevitable assault in rorce, handicappedfearfully by their absolute ignoranceof the lay of the deck, of the numberof their opponents, and of from whichquarter they had to expect the attack.And the silence and the suspensewore upon their nerves until the finalstruggle came in the shape of a boomto save them from madness. And itcame with a rush and a will, cyclonic,tremendous, overpowering. By sheerweight of human flesh the Europeanswere pinned against the rail, fightingat handgrips with a cruel and cunningfoe far better prepared for such business than they. For at such closequarters pistols were practicallyworthless save as clubs, while knivescould slip to slay through almost anyinterstice, however straitened.O'Rourke had no time to think of hiscompanions. Stung to desperation bythe silent, unrelenting fury of his assailants twice he was conscious ofthe white-hot agony of a knife-thrust,one penetrating the flesh of his sideand scraping his ribs, the other bitingdeep into his thigh he fired until hehad but one cartridge left in his revolver, and expended that blowing outthe brains of an extraordinarily persistent coolie, then dropped the useless weapon and trusted to his nakedstrength.It served him well for a little. Oneman, precipitated by the weight ofthose behind him into the adventurer's arms, he seized by the throat andthrottled in a twinkling; then liftinghim from the deck, he exerted hispower to the utmost, and cast thebody like a log into the midst of themelee. Thus clearing a little space, hefound himself able to step aside andlet another run past him into the bulwark; and seeing the sheen of aswordblade in the fellow's hand, before he could recover seized his wrist,twisted it savagely, and wrenched theweapon away.The finale came a moment later, signalized by a blinding flash of lightmore bright than that of day, whichfell athwart the deck and illuminatedinstantaneously every- inch of -thefighting ground. Fervently be blessedthe near-by vessel that had turned itssearchlight on the junk. The- sceneit revealed beggared the experience ofa man whose trade was fighting; itfell upon decks slippery with bloodand littered with the bodies of deadand wounded; it silenced a confusionindescribable. Upon that insane turmoilthe light fell with the effect of a thunderbolt from a clear sky.Screaming shrilly in their panic, theChinese scattered and fell away, leaving O'Rourke beside Couch, Wheelerbeing down and buried beneath threeChinese corpses. And instantaneouslysomething grated harshly against thestarboard side, of the junk, and a manhis figure stark black against the coldwhite glare, leaped upon the rail andtumbled inboard. Others to ths humber of a dozen rottowed aim, swaraffing over the decks. Couch reeled forwards them, babbling orders &d instructions.The second launch had arrived.Sick and faint, O'Rourke slouchedback against the rail, watching with'lack-luster eyes the end of the chapter. It was simple to the point ofseeming farcical in comparison withthat which preceded it. The dazed andnow outnumbered Chinese offered nofurther resistance. Disarmed and putunder guard, they disappeared fromhis consciousness, while he watchedthe men from the second launch,spurred by Couch, scatter in search ofthe abducted women.Loss of blood was beginning to tellupon him; his strength seemed alto-The Woman Gasped Faintly andClung Tightly to Her Husband'sArm.gether gone; his wits buzzed in hishead like a swarm of gnats. Hegrasped his support convulsively, beginning to appreciate how seriouslyhe was hurt. He heard as from a greatdistance thin, faint cries of men shouting in triumph; saw Couch, a pygmyshape, holding in his arms a doll whowore the face of Miss Pynsent. Thenof a sudden he was conscious of awoman hastening toward him, a fantastic and incongruous figure in a dinner-gown,her skirts trailing in theslime of the shambles, her arms outheld to him; and knew her for his;wife.He essayed to speak, but could not.He felt her arms close about him. Inthe face of the searchlight's penetrating and undeviating glare, nightclosed down upon him.CHAPTER XXXV.In after days, when he was altogether well and whole, they journeyed;forth, these two, the man and hiswife, from Rangoon northward. Therailway carried them some distance;"later they struck off with their traininto the primitive wilderness beyond1'the ultimate British outposts on the1Chindwine, main tributary to the Irrawaddy. The land was peaceful,- hospitable)and very, very lovey in its wilderness. Their happiness was ecstasy:By day they rode through junglejwood and rolling uplands, or less easily through the fastnesses of the hills,,side by side, thought linked tathought, their hearts attuned. Bynight their camps were pitched iw a:new-found world of beauty, wonderfiiEin its shadowy mystery.It was so ordered that they came,,toward sundown of a certain day;, to1the foot of a hill crowned with a greatpagoda of many multiplied roofs fringed with a myriad silver bells that-tinkled ceaselessly in the eveningairs.Here they dismounted and togethermade the ascent of an age-old woodenstairway, broad and easy, and. thronged from the first rise to the last with,weary pilgrims, beggars, lepers, laughing children, mendicant holy mez Thesun was low upon the horizon when,having bribed their way along thatgauntlet, O'Rourke and his bride (shecould never be aught less to. him) attained to the topmost platform and,having: received permission, with meetSHOEOur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. M'Willams,snow 61 reverence entered, the temgiet-It was very dark fnside and for artime they moved blindly iff and out?but at length they came to a massivedoorway looking toward the West, andhere they paused, hand in hand, looking up to the placid face of a hugeBuddha, who squatting cross-leggedupon a pedestal, looked through theihcense-scented gloom ceaselessly forward to Nirvana.The figure, carven originally fromstoney had been so heavily plasteredwitbi gold-leaves by the devout, thatnow ft had all the semblance of beinggold to- its core; and, lavishly decorated with necklaces and bracelets ofrare jewels set in crusted gold, in theevening glow it shone like some greatlamp of holiness. Only its face was?in shadowvSlowly the- light struck higher beneath the eaves of the -pagoda, andslowly it crept up and yet up, until itslast blood-red- shaft revealed the Buddha's forehead' and what was settherein, a monstrous ruby.The woman gasped faintly and,clung tightly to- her husband's arm.He held her close, watching the greatstone flame and throb and pulse, like?a pool of living flame- swimming Iildarkness.And then the light of the worldswent out.Pensively in the dusk they descend-:ed the temple staircase: At the footbefore they remounted their horses,,the woman came to the mas and puther hands upon his shoulders."Terence," she said;. "I think I amivery weary. Take me home.""He gathered her into' his arms. '"I think," she said1;, "it frightenedme made me fearful of this- countryjthe Pool of Flame, up there"Ye've seen the last' of it," he said!tenderly, "and so have T. 'Tis donejwith, like the days of me adventureIngs. I have no thought but youv dearheart. Let us go home,'"THE END. j jLow Round TripRATES.Homeseekers FaresTo Jpoints in 'Arizona.. 'Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ,New Mexico.Oklahoma, Texas, ;Kansas. 'Nebraska,Montana. Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi.. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final retarn limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will ber12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily until"April 30, 1912. with final Return limits.May 31, 1912 Winter Tourist- tickets tpoints in Alabama, Florida,- GeorgfrvLouisana, New Meixco and. Texa&with liberal stopovers allswed.For further information, call on oirwrite-W. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SM-3THr.T. A.OLLE'SOHIOBSE"- CURED AT SlttLL COST.ferntatfo iPosititv GuaranteeVAMG06ELE Sj&?KSaanil RESTORATIVE TresCr.tstSi Loss sf Vital PewapHYDROCELE SlimDon't giro up hope ttrtiH ywi havo seezr old Dr.Dolle! Ho trill rivo F3nJ?2iKE a tiosongh examination, and Trill teiSiou the TrsJsConsalt&Uen free anA confidential aioEce orby letter. Twenty 'snwjep' exparjenco. Trainedattendants. Be3t ofcar. ti p. JleoJt oa Mea'iDiseases Free, tyjGn rscaipt of icrs. for postage.Kivinmnch valaatloinX&rmatioa. CallatAawratows offico or write-toRD O 8 fim.52B WALNUT STREET,Ufa Ui Li H mXS. CiKClft'SAT!. OWFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshaye stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.SARFTARIUMTHEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1, 1912aftConfectionery Sold.Mr. W. A. itehelerhas disposed ofthe Crystal Ice Cream Parlor on Mainstreet to Adami & Santi, of Frankfort, who took immediate possessionof the business. The new purchasersTecently sold their confectionery business in Frankfort. Mr. Beheler retired in ordr to devote more of his time"to his interests in the Paris BottlingWorks.THE FINALWIND-UPOn All RemaininWINTERF00We must clear our shelves of .every pair ofWinter Shoes at once to make room for ourURGE SPRINGSTOCK NOWARRIVINGOur policy is not to carry over goods from oneseason to another. You surely will regret itlif youdon't take advantage of this great reduction; Beon hand early and take your choice of the balanceof these high-grade goods.Iof these high-grade goods.pThis cut represents the famous "Restshu"made especially for women with tender feet. ThisShoe is made of soft Kid, in button and lace. Thesoles are especially treated to make them soft andflexible and bends with ease with every motion ofthe foot. If you are troubled witfi your feet wesuggest that you let us fit your feet with a pairof "Restshu."DA IN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.iCottage Wearing Completion.The frame cottage of Miss TillieQuisenherry on Sixteenth street,which is under course of construction,is being plastered and in a few dayswill be ready for the inside finish.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfIN I Lr jTWEAR!fl8 'AiiJ!? fSftiMILLERSBURG ITEM.Mr. F. F. Hurst is not so well,Mrs. M. J. Caldwell ia improving.Mr. Mack Jones continues about thesame.jxiiaa uiaia ijcii j auu uiumci. aiejMr. Geo. Howard Jis critically illwith tynhoid fever with but littlehopes of his recovery.Mrs. Thomas Marshall;was the guestof Mr. and Mrs. Charles Marshall inLexington this weekMr. Jonas Myall, of Maysliek, wasthe guest of his niece, Mrs. O. M.Johnson, yesterday.Messrs. A. R. Morgan and CharlesU ban, of Cincinnati, were guests ofCadet Morgan at M. M. I. Sunday.Mr. M. P. Wells will open a lunchroom Monday in the property of Mrs.Sue V. Sandusky on Fifth street adjoining ihe barber shop of Mr. T. T.Bentley.A small blaze was discovered on theroof ot the residence of Mrs. LavinaVimont Tuesday afternoon, which wascaused by the burning out of a chimney. Little damage was done.Mrs. D. C. Clark returned Wednesday after spending several weeks withher brother, Mr. Wm. Layson, atChattanooga, Tenn. Mr. Layson isrecovering from an attack of typhoidfever.Miss Belle Taylor Judy, accompaniedby her brother and sister, Mr. andMrs. K. R. Vaught, of Parker, Ind.,have returned after a month's sojournin Florida. Mr, and Mrs. Vaught leavetor their home today.PUBLIC SALE-On March 4 at 10a. m. on the premises of the late William Hamilton 2 1-2 miles from Milleisburg on the Cynthiana pike ofstock, farming implements, householdand kitchen furniture.S. K. PROCTOR & JAS. HOWARD.D. W. Waters, of Winchester, Jand Mr. W. M. Smith, of Williamson,W. Va., were guests of Mr. Smith'sthree sons at M M. I., and two daughters at M. F. C, Wednesday andThursday.For some time we have been unableto furnish our customers genuineKanawha Salt, owing to the closingdown of the works for repairs, butshipments are now resumed and wehave just received a car load of thesalt which has no equal.PEALE COLLIER & CO.Mr. Joe Connell and family movedto Paris Tuesday, while Mr. J. W.Connell and family will move today.These gentlemen have resided inMillershurg for the past fifteen yearsand have been successful in all theirbusiness enterpiises, ranking amongthe most substantial financial men ofBourbon. It is with regret the peopleof this community give them up, andcertainly commend them to the goodpeople of Paris.Millersburg has a remarkable hen,which has never laid an egg on Sunday. This hen has been laying eggsfor more than a year, and has neveryet failed on Saturday and Monday,but has never yet broken the Sabbath.She is the property ot a Presbyterianlady, which perhaps accounts for herpeculiarity. On Sunday mornings shecomes'down 'from her perch a littlelater than the rest of the chickens andmoves apart from them during theday, spending most of the time insinging alone. On Monday she is thefirst bird to hit the ground and isready for her daily labor.The protracted meeting at theMethodist church is increasing ininertest. Rev. Bridges, the wellknown evangelist who closed a successful meeting at Carlisle Sundaynight began here Monday evening, andwill preach every afternoon and evening throuhg the remainder of theweek. He is a brilliant man, a scholarand a forcible speaker. He is greetedwith large crowds at every serviceand holds the attention of his audiencethrough rather unusually long sermons. The music which is under thedircetion of Rev. Corder is good andon the whole it is proving one of thebest meetings ever held in Millersburg. "An Evening from the Operas" wasgiven Thursday evening beginning ateight o'clock at M. F. C. chapel bythe pupils of Miss Esther Nell. It wasone of the most pleasing musicals ofthe season and the young ladies acquitted themselves with honor and at thesame time reflected great credit onthier instructor. The spacious auditorum was well filled with music lovers and they w-re not disappointed.Miss Nell is a splendid teacher as wasevidenced by the work of her pupils.The following program was pleasinglyand well rendered:Piano duet Overture from "Straj della" Flotow Misses West andRedd.Reading'The Origin of the Opera"Miss West.fiano Solo Waltz from "Faust"Gounod Miss Standifurd.Violin Solo Quartet from RigolettoVerdi Miss Sue Mitchell.Violin duet Selections from Traviata Verdi Misses Blackmon andNell.Piano solo Sextette from "Lacia diLammermor" Donizetti Miss NolaRedd.Piano solo Fantasia from "II Trovatore" Verdi Miss Tommye Dawson. Piano sextette Beauties of Verdi'soperas.1st. Piano Misses Rhodes, Dawsonand Mitchell.2nd. Piano Misses Redd, West andRankin.3rd Violins Mises Nell, Blackmonand Hurst.Purchase Warehouse.Stuart & O'Brien have sold theirlarge warehouse on the Louisville andNashville railroad in the old FairGrounds addition to Messrs. JohnLarue, John T. Collins and S. K.Nichols, all well known tobacco menand farmers of this county. The pricepaid was $2,600. The purchasersbought the property for the purpose ofcontinuing a tobacco warehouse and its undrestood they will handle tobaccoon a large scale in the warehouse. gLBourbon Man is Strong for Commonwealth's Attorney AndMay be Appointed.NEW DISTRICT IS CREATED.If Bill Before Senate is PassedAnd Claude M. Thomas MayLand Appointment.State Senator Claude M. Thomas, ofthis city, will in all probability de thenext Commonwealth's Attorney forthe Fourteenth Judicial District, itthe measure now before the Legislature and passed sy tbe house goesthrough the Senate, taking Franklinfrom this District and creating a newdistrict out of that county and Anderson. Friends of Senator Thomas willurge his appointment if the bill beforethe Senate is passed, and it is statedfrom an authoritative source thatGovernor McCreary has expressedhimself as being heartily in favor ofthe Bourbon man. 231A petition was in circulation" amongthe memners of the Bourbon bar urging Governor McCreary to Considerthe appointment of Senator Thomas,which was signed with but few exceptions of the local organization, andforwarded to Senator Thomas to bepresented to the Governor in event ofthe measure being passed by the Senate. THEATRICAL.Like the fog horn of a great shipthe promoters of "The Smart Set"leave nothing to chance. It goes onwith the regularity of the clock. Didyou ever time the fog horn of a greatocean liner and notice the vibrant callcome once every sixty seconds anawhen it is needed the machine startsAutomatically. Nothing is left tochance. There is no possibility ofman going to sleep at his post. Andthe parallel. The great "Smart Set"Copmany with its wide reputation,leaves nothing to chance. It is a greattheatrical machine, serving the wantsof the amusement loving public andfilling their wants. More than a dozenindividuals are employed in makingready for this season, that you get justthe right kind of music, songs anddances, costumes and scenery, nothingis overlooked they are always on thealert for new material. Each seasonbrings its particular style of entertainment and this year's production entitled "The Mayor of New Town" isright up to the minute, and everythingwill run with the.regularity of a clock.Salem TuttWhitney, the comedian andcomposer of the better portion of thelyrics, is himself the foremost comedian in his line and his able assistantsare J. Homer Tutt and Ethel Marshalland a competent cast which includesforty talented performers. Among themany song hits may be mentioned"Good Night Marie," "Hot TamaleSam," "Sayy," "I'm the Mayor ofNewtown," "Just Plain Sam fromYankee Land," "Dear Old Mexico,""Tell Me Little Girlie," "Keep aMovin," "At the Post Office"and"TheBattle.""The Smart Set" will be at theGrand next Monday. Seats on sale thismorning at Mitchell & BlaKemore's.Circuit Court Convenes March 11.The March, term of the BourbonCircuit Court will convene in thiscity on Monday, March 11. To datethere have been forty one suits filedfor the coming term. YesterdayChas. Watson, through his attorney,Judge Denis Dundon, filed suitagainst the Standard Oil Company ofKentucky for damages in the sum of$4,000. She plaintiff alleges thatthrough the negligence of the defend ant .company and its employeshe suffered a broken limb as a resultof a fall while engaged in removingthe roof from one of the company'sbuildings in this city. Judge Dundonalso filed a suit for G. T. Thompson,against the Louisville and NashvilleRailroad Company and the RobertGrace Construction Co., for the sumof $500 damages alleged to have beensustained by reason of the removal ofa bridge crossing the railroad tracknear the Moreland farm, and beingthe only outlet by which to haul histobacco which he raised on the farm,prays for damages in the aboveamount.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYPLENTY OF BEER BUT NOTOBACCO.By A. W. MACY.Beer and tobacco are supposedby some people to be on aboutthe same footing, but a certaincompany In London 200 yearsago did not seem to think so.It was the business of this company to look after the welfareof the emigrants who had goneout from the mother countryto seek homes, in the NewWorld. In 1629 It sent over thegood ship Talbot, loaded withprovisions, clothing, etc., to theMassachusetts bay colony by thesame ship the company sent along list of instructions in regard to their conduct, tellingthem what they should andshould not do. One of the thingsthey were forbidden to do wasto cultivate and use tobacco,"unless it be some small quantise for mere necessitie, and forphlsick for the preservation oftheir health, and that the samebe taken privately by antlentmen and hone other."(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. JBowlM.)MAYAND ATTORNEYSHIP3 ICfcoywirBakintiAbsolutely JrureWhere the finest biscuit,cake, hot-breads, crustsor puddings are requiredRoyal is indispensable.Royal is equally valuablein the preparation of plain,substantial, every-dayfoods, for all occasions.Tlte only baking poweie? madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNo Alum No Lints PhosphatesWestern Union Wins Suit.In the suit between the Louisvilleand Nashville Railroad Company andthe Western Union Telegraph Company, in which the former sought toannul the privilege of the Western Union to use its right of way for telegraph lines, tbe telegraph companymade the first score when Judge MuirWeissinger at Louisville ruled that theWestern Union had the right to condemn the Louisville and Nashville'sproperty to its own uses. The company had announced that it would compel the Western Union to remove itslines and that it was going to etab-1lish an independent commercial line.Couple Receive Father's Blessing. After an exciting raee extendingfrom Hazel Green to Ironton, Ohio,Miss Mollie McLinn and Mr. OliverKash were married in the latter cityFriday morning. The reward offeredby the irate father of the girl whomade every effort to stop the marriagewill never be paid, and together thecouple returned to the home of thebride's father not to receive a reprimand, but the blessing of her parent.The couple eloped from Hazel Greenlast Tuesday and after making severalunsuccessful attempts to get marriedmade their way to Ohio where tljeysuccceeded in getting the knot tied.The couple went to Hedges Station onthe L. & E. and drove to NorthMiddlet.own where they were broughtto this city. It was their intention ofgetting married here but were apprised of the search the father was makingfor his daughter, so they decided to goto another town.Securing an automobile here theywere driven by a local chauffeur toMaysville, and at that point boardeda train for Huntington. W. Va., but itis evident they changed their plans,returning to Ironton, where the chaseended and where they were married.The girl is heiress to one of thelargest estates in Kentucy and theohjection on the part of the father toher marriage was on account of herextreme youth, she being but sixteenyears of age.pjpra?g oqi -gq 'oisi jjjlj 1 MNV8 j IHioNcrwi1 Nior iTHE "SECRET9' is Thrift. . fThe "OBLIGATION" is to deposit XJ part of your earnings, regularly. TheZ ''DEGREE" is Happiness, and there is Jno "SigraaS of Distress." XX We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsI DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. 1X Capital $100,000 Surplus $30,000 fPowderDIAMOND NOTES.Fred Toney, former Blue Gras3Leaguer, is said to be ready to quitbase ball, according to a report frontChicago. He has made a supplementalstatement, however, that he could beinduced to stay in the game if hiasalary 'was boosted. Manager Murphyregards the big Kentuckian as thecoming Amos Rusie and won't letmoney stand in the way.The Louisville Post has the following of two umpires well known here:"Good umpires may be scarce in someparts of the country, but in this particular neck of the woods there arefour men good enough for service inthe fastest kind of company SteveKane, Louis Knapp, "Babe" Ryan andGeorge (Cack) Barrett, everyone alocal boy with plenty of experience."Kane's meteoric career from thesand lots to the NationaI'League wascut short by a little politics on thepart of Tom Lynch Steve was releas; ed and immediately signed up with thej Northwestern League, where a difference of opinion on salary matters senthimback home. He is orrChivintgoa'reserve list at present,, and if not aregular he will probably be found calline balls and strikes in the Central."Knapp started in the Blue Grass'and after a successful year went toKansas State, where Tip O'Neil soonsigned him up for service in the Western. Knapp's work was so good lastyear he was made umpire in chief, andif he keeps improving it won't be lngcbefore the big leagues grab him."Deeds and Transfers.The following deeds were filed frrecord in the office of County ClerkPaton yesterdayNaoini Cunningham to Jas. R. Price,3.70 acres of land in Bourbon county,SI and other considerations.Harry Speakes to Dr. D. S. Henry,house and lot in Paris, $1.I. C. Shropshire, etc., to W. H.Shropshire, 133.16 acres of land inBourbon county ; $1 and other valuableconsiderations.T. A. Shropshire, to Isaac Shropshire, etc., 75 acre tract of land, $tand other conisderations.