THEBOURBONVft5- -PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1912NEWSiTailored Suits,Dresses, Coats,For Style, Quality andPrice, We InviteComparisonIWaists Master StyleHigh-GradeMillineryAt Popular PricesThe Simon Department Store,Paris, Kentuckyried and Jound SuiliyOf Selling the Most Goods WFor the Least Money. v W16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1 .OO W2 cans good Corn -. 1 5c &Good Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1 -2c W0ld Reliable Coffee) per lb . 30c E2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus r ...... 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup ....... L . ; ....... 1 OcNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 45 c8 bars Lenox Soap .. . . '....-25c iffLarge size Mackerel. . ... 1 O or 3 for 25c wMedium size Mackerel. ' 5c cy3 boxes Matches 1 Oc SfyBLUE RIBBON FLOUR M?25-lb Sack 70c50-lb Sack $ 1 .40 fc1 OO-lb Sack . , $2.75Now, you Gannot say that Paris is a high town on Sjffgrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods for Wless money.T. C. LENIHAN, ICash Grocery,,Both Phones 234 $JOur Spring SuitsFORMen, Young Men and BoysArc Now on Disp&ayfuIi the Latest Cuts and a!l the new Colorsat Prices to Suit Everybody's Pocketbook.You are Cordially Invited to' inspect thisLarge Line.New Spring Hats,New Spring Shirts,New Spring Neckwear,Night Robes and Pajamas,PRl6&&60.6lotfflersFirst Recruit Arrives.With only a few days separatingthe date for the arrival of the members of the Paris team to begin theirspring training the eyes of the Parisfans are turned upon the recruits tothe local organization. The first of thenew men to arrive is Pete Wood, whocame inJ3unday niaht from Cincinnati,after spending a few days in theQueen City looking over the work ofthe RedH. Wood will try for a positionon the pitching staff of the Bourbonites and from all appearances i3capable of going the route.Wood, whose home is in baston,Pa., is a brother of Pitcher Joe Wood,of the boston team. Last season jestarted out with the bcranton. Pa.,team, but sufferins: an accident earlyin the season, which later developedblood poisoning, he was compelled togive up the game and soent most ofhis time in Cleveland and Bostun. Heis of strong physique and looks everyinch of a sturdy hurler, and expressesconfidence of beirnr able to land aberth on the local team.President Bacon has received fromManager Joe Lewis, a communicationto the effect that he has signed a firstrate catcher in the person of LawrenceDekhant, of Auburn, N. Y. Lewis isexpected to arrive in Paris aboutApril 10 when he will take the reinsand usher the players into the threeweeks of hard practice preceding theppening of the season here on May 1.Suitable weather prevailing workmen will begin immediately to put thepark in proper shape to be ready forthe game with the strong Wiedemannteam of Newport on the home groundsnext Sunday. All of the plajers undercontract are expected to be here bythat time and will be hard enough toput up a good exhibition against theVViedemanns.The Cynthiana Hustlers defeatedthe M. M. I. team yesterday afternoon by a score of 11 to 2.The Paris team this season willhave "an entirely new equipment. Thenew uniform?, which were purchasedthrough G. S. Varden & Son, havearrived and are on display in the showwindow of their store. The road uniforms this year ae of the same graymaterial formerly used by the club,wi'.h military collar. Acrcss thebreast of the shirt i9 toe word "Paris"in black letters. The sleeves,- whichare short, have a black bar, and thecap forb oth road and home use areblack with the letter "P" in white.The home uniforms are of the samestyle, made of white material withblack trimmings. The stockings areblack with white bars.Moderate Prices.Up to date trimmed hftfs at moderate prices at the , rSIMON DEPT. STORE.Bargain Prices on Shoes andOxfords.Spring shoes and oxfords nt bargainprices. Come in.DAN COHEN.Wilson Club Organized.With an enrollment of twenty-sixmembera a Woodrow Wilson club wasorganized here Saturday afternoon.Judge Samuel Wilson, of Lexington,addressed a meeting o the WilsonDemocrats at the court house resulting in the organization of the club andthe selection of Attorney ReubenHutchcraft as president and Col. Geo.M. Edgar as secretary.New Subdivision Opened and tobe Sold at Auction.Mr. Jchn S. Jones, the lumber dealer, is subdividing his property in theold fiar grounds addition in Paris, intobuilding lots anud will hold a publicsale some time in May. There will be25 choice lots located on Nineteenthstret, Clifton street and the Clintonville pike.This is one of the most desirableresidence additions in Pari&. and thelots for building purposes could not laybetter, and snould meet with a readysale.Watch the next issu of the BourbonNews for date of sale.WE KNOW HOW"1Easter SundayIs Almost Here!The Time to Think About YourSpring Suit, and Not Only to Think,. But to Buy Everybody Wants NewClothes for Easter, and When YouThibk About Your Easter Suit, Let it Come .From. ' MITCHELL & BLAKBMORE, Where Bright, New .Spring Patterns Are Here Ready For Your Inspection. High-Class, Ready-to-Wear Clothes that AreBound to Please.j Hats, Shirts, Ties and Hosiery, Just the Right Kind. for Good Dressers. Don't Wait Until the Last Day,But Make Your Selection Early.Men's Shoes in Tans, Gun Metals, PatentLeathers and Vici Kids.: Mitchell & Blakemore,g Outfitters to Men Paris,' Kentucky,9pDiiiiTiiiiiiiiiifoniimnxi iiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiimiI13it cit iFRANK oc CO.,The Store Where Reliability Reigns.532Cordially Invite Your Inspection of TheirComplete Lines of- vReady-to- Wear GarmentsLarge Assortment.The largest and best assorted stockof rugs can be found at J. T. Hinton's.Injured in Runaway.Mrs. John Towles, wife of a priminent farmer of near this city, sufferedserious injuries ina runaway accidentSaturday afternoon.The accident uccured shortly after 3o clock when Mrs. Towles, in companywith her husband, was enroute totown. When near W. C. Dodson'swarehouse, the horse, which they weredriving, became inghtened and beganto rear and plunge, running downMain street, striking a telephone pole,overturning the vehicle and throwingthe occupants out. A part of the harness breaking prevented Mr. Towlesfrom stopping the horse. Mrs. Towlesstruck the sidewalk on her head andshoulder, her habsand striking partlyacross her.. She was picked up and carried tothe home of Mr. W. T. Ewalr, fromwhich place Drs. W. C. Ussery andWm. Kenney were summoned to attendthe injured woman. Her right shoulder was broken and she suffered a frac-i t'ire of the collar bone, besides beingJ painfully nruised about the right sideof the head. It is not thoueht she isj internally injured.I After her injuries received attentionshe was removed to hsr home on theHume & Bedford pike in Dr. Kenney'sautomobile. Mr. Towles escaped withj an usly bruise on the head. Thevehicle in which the couple were rid-,ing was "completely demolished andthe horse was cutin several places.Newest Styles inf Ladies' and Misses' SuitsLinen Suits and Dresses: Silk and Serge Dresses for Street WearLinen and Repp DressesChiffon DancingDresscsReception Gowns and RobesHouse Dresses in Ginghams and PercalesSeparate Coats in Silks, Serges and Linensohie In and Take a Lookf iiFrank & Co.Paris, - - Kentucky 'nm i;i!!!minm inuiuni) Biiiininu iiiiiiniuniniininiin niiuiiiuiiii!iiiiiiiiiiuimr":ii-'i imiimjuii iiniiiiiin iiiic MmIllsiyspj??J5 vtfs. m.W2VtfLi?M W&A24H?rMtt TXt fill OMt Mt,m r!w "mr -vi-w -wwj m-mma mmmm ns hk .-r&iaKtiaM w w wtftf5i-ft ';-v -w.-r -w-v yv. X T 1-T T" 111 -I ILIFELONG CURES Sg&S3(Establised 1892) BY A TRUE SPECIALIST FOR MEN. , (Established J8?2)There is absolutely no patchwork about the results of the course of treatment Igive for each of the diseases I make a specialty, for sooa after beginning mytreatment every symptom of disease disappears and the trouble never returns.LOWEST CHARGESof Any SpecialistQUICKEST CURES"That Stay CuredDr. C. I. Bolle.A CERTAIN CUREis what I will give you if your case is curable ; il not, I will notaccept your money and promise to do anything for you. The bestreferences I could jive as to professional reliability are the manycured, satisfied patients I dismiss, which proves that my treatment cures when others fail to even benefit.YOU CAN TAK12MY TREATMENT WITHOUT A CENT- AND.PAY AFTER I CURE YOU. I want a chanco to prove I can cureafflicted, skeptical men.Remember, my treatments different, better nnd COSTS YOUNOTHING unless you are willing, glad and satisfied to pay me.THESE ARK THE DISEASES OF WHICH I HATE CUREDSO MANY MEN MANY OF WHOM FAILED TO RECEIVE ACURE IN TREATING WITH OlHEll SPECIAXI&TS.and Kidneys, Enlarged Glands, Nervousness, Swelling, Uric Acid.Varicose Knlargeinentis a knotty, bunchy, twisted," worm-likecondition of veins, more often on left side,hanging lower.Symptoms Aching-or Pain in Groin orRack, Nervousness, Weakness, Loss ofVitality, Lack of Ambition.I cure Varicose- Enlargement by onetreatment in one visit, without a severesurgical operation or suffering, or keepingyou away from business.Blood Poison, Skin Diseases :Rash, Sore Mouth or Thront, SwollenGlands, Mucous Patches, Copper-ColoredSpots, Rheumatic Pains, Eczema, Itching,. Durmng, Nervousness.Nervousness, Weakness,Failing Health, KSnXiMemory, Loss of Energy, Drain on theAmbition, Wornout Feeling, Timid, Head' ache, Backache, Excesses, Melancholy,Easily Excited, Restless at Nightare somo'of the symptoms that destroy manhood.-Urinary, Kidney and Bladdern;eoococ Obstructions, Straining,JJlSeaSeS Pain in Rack, BladderAcute Diseases goiTigandRheumatism.FREE CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION. Write for Freo Book, QuestionBlank and get my Charge, Terms, Time of Cure and Full Information FREE.Address or call onm.C. L DOLLE, Men-Specialist-525 WALNUT STREET, 'Between 5th and Gth Avenues,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincinnati, O.SIGN THIS COUPON FOR A VALUABLEBOOK FREE.C. Ii. DOLLE, A. II., 91. D., 525 Walnut Strret, Cincinnati, Ohio. Plts send me free one of your books"Vital Facts far Men;" also Question Blank, as I desireto describe my casa to jou for the purpose of takingtreatment, if I decide you can cure me and yourcaar;e is low eaoaga to suit me.(Name ...Address .Tri-State.3?Bourbon Laundryf DAVIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.fafaOffice Opp. Postoffice.fafafafafafaVIfafaA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest of"course. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.JBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.9VfafafainTlie Efficiency of Buying atJ- Home: ... ., .- " tDid ybuever atop to, think what aconvenience it is to have a full line ofgood retail stores at home in our owncommunity.It enables people to see gocds atany time before paying down money.In that way the purchaser detects themany faults that could never be foundin buying from a catalog cut.Furthermore you get your goodswhen yuu want them without bother,letter writing, or without the fatigueof a journey to a big city and tramping all over its streets, i-t is aneconomy of time, car fares, humanenergy.Furthermore, you can do your shopping at your leisure, when you are ina mood for it, rather than in the hasteand flurry of a trip out of town.- Inour home stores you take all the timeyou want to talk over your purchaseand inspect goods. You can positivelyassure yourself that you are buyingrightFurthermore you get -more personaland intelligent attention in a homestore than anywhere else. The proTprietors and clerks must please hometrade, or get out of business. It ishuman nature to take more pains forpeople that are known than forstrangers. The home merchant will goto the utmost limit to give satisfaction.for defects in the goods ana withoutirritating red tape.When locating for residence or business people are as slow to settle in aplace lacking good stores as-a placewhere the water is not good.If we want to draw in new residents, everyone must do his share topiovide them with the conveniences ofretail trade. Tha. only way to do thisis to patronize the home merchant.It is the gocd fortune of this community to have a line of finely equipped and attractively stocked retailstores. But if every dollar possiblewere spent at home, these stores couldgrow faster, put in fuller assortments,employ more clerks. Thus they wouldcontribute to the convenience of everyresident and add to the. prosperity ofevery property holder.Football in Germany.Michael (to his wile) "Comeaway, wife, or else they will want usafterward as witnesses FliegendeBlaetter.THEYGU RISK NO MONEY,Our Reputation and MoneyBack of This Offer.areNo Previous Employment.1 "You say, 'Rastus, that you wantwork for your wife," said Gunbusta,eyeing the husky darky before himfrom head to foot "Was she ever employed before?" "No, sir," replied thenegro, nonchalantly, "dis am her firstmarriage."The Oasis.By steadily bearing In mind thatwhat you know and think, you knowand think not for yourselves alone, butfor others, you may become the centerof a little green spot of intelligence inthe midst of thls arid waste we callsociety. Phillips "Brooks.We pcy "fcr all the medicine usedduurg the trial, if our remedy failsto completely relieve you of constipation. We take all the risk: Ycu arenot obligateJ to us in any way whatever, if you accept our offer. Couldanything be more fair for you. Isthere any reason why you should hesitate to put our claims to a practicaltest.A most scientific, common sensetreatment is Kexall Orderlies, whichare eaten like candy. They are verypronounced, gentle and pleasant in action, -and particularly agreeable inevery way. They do not cause diarrnoea, nausea, matuience. griping orother inconvenience. Kexall Orderliesare particularly good for children, agedand delicate persons.We urge you to try Rexall Orderliesat our risk. Three sizes 10 cents, 25cents and 50 cents. Remember, youcan get Rexall Remedies in this community only at our store The RexallStore. G. S. Varden & Son.rIIIIOneof Our Spring StylesNow On Floor.IIVVc now have in our repository a complete line of Stanhopes, Phaetons, Buggies and Run-a-bouts of Columbus,Babcock, Houghton and Post makes. Let us show them fto you before you purchase.iYERKES & PRIOHARDJBoth 'Phones 6PARIS;. KENTTTCKTSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year . . . .2.00 Six Months. .$00Payable in AdvanceI Entered at Postoffice at Paris,. Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cardaof thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade) its source of revenue.No Excuse this TimeThe ' Democratic wool bill of lastyear proposed a reduction of 50 percent in the tariff rates on wool, andit passed the House by a vote of 221to 100. The same bill has again passedthe House, this time dy a vote of 189to 92.When he vetoed tije bill last yearPresident Taf t gave as his reason thefact that the tariffjboard had nottnadeits report, the Uepbulicans of theHouse propose a wool bill calling fora reduction of 40 per cent in ScheduleK. or iust two per cent less than thebill which the president vetoed.The tariff board therefore indicatesthe Democratic position on woul ifsuch vindication were necessary. TheDemocrats knwe long before the tiariff board was created lhat the woolrates were too high, and the presidentknew it also, fcr in his speech atWinona. Minn., he characterized thePayne-Aldrich wool tariff rate as mdefensible.As things now stand neither thepresident ncr the high protectionistswill have any excuse for opposing thepresent bill, and if any of them dostand in the way oi its nnai passagethey will convict themselves of tryingto grant a special privilege of robbingthe consumer, to the trust millionaires. The "Busted" Oil Trust.The Standard Oil company, whichthe Supreme Court of the UnitedStates solemnly "dissolved" some fewmonths ago has declared a dividenndof 2,900 per cent. This action wastaken by the Standard Oil Company ofIndiana, and was made for the purposeof concealing the enormous profits ofthe company. It was what is called astock dividend that is for every shareof stock owned by a stock holder, hewas given 29 additional shares. To dothis it was ncecssary to increase thecapital stock of the concern from onemillion to thirty million dollars. Nonsw capital was added, however. Theincrease was declared out oi the surplus.' Since the "dissolution" of the trust,several melons of this sort have beencut. The Vacuum Oil Company, another subsidary, recently increased itacapital stock from $2,500,000 to $15,000,000, and it is reported the Standard of Kentucky will declare a stockdividenud of 2,500-per cent."Naturally," says the Wall StreetJournal, the official mouthpiece of theBig Business, "the old Standard Oilstockholders are elated over the Supreme Court's decree."Yes, quite naturally;Clocks Worked by Air.Fans actuated by currents of airhave from time to time been used asmotors for running clocks. One, byLepaute, is in the Louvre, Paris. Benjamin Hanks of Litchfield county,Connecticut, patented one in 1783. Ina more recent patent the weight iswound up by the current of air in achimney which is stopped by a selfacting brake as the weight nears thetop of its course.Luck of a Windfall. -The harsh forest laws of Williamthe Conqueror are responsible for themeaning of good luck" now so often associated with the term windfall. Under the Norman it was a 'criminal offense to cut down timber in the forests; but as the peasants were allowed to gather whatever wood the windhad blown down they always hailed astorm as an omen of good luck.Mode of Concealment."I want to keep the real facts concerning this transaction a secret,"said the enterprising man. "Then,"replied the sage counselor, I shouldimmediately start a controversy concerning it. Then so many theorieswill be advanced that the facts willnever become public." -Mif Blue and Worried?NerVoul ? -So otHbe time really ill ? Catch cold easily end freqoently seffsrr - ksu'nLnMs or Headache F The reason is that your system does not rid usek2l?InS or it is for theneratcof a .tore to rid?t of cihTers. The wate doca to us exactly vhat the.clmkcrs do to the stove;makeit3 burningacf nni i3the ooisons ironagolden seal and . and rake root, stone andaula's root, without the g alcohol. No matter how strong the constitution,queen to-., w stomach is cpt to be " out o! . kilter at times ; m consequence the blood is disordered, ior tns siomauu mc iauuratory for the constant manufacture of blood.Mis. Ben J. Blaes. of Tort Dover, Ont. Box 3j writes : "lhaQWm n t. sufferer for years frenv throat trouDje, raiarru, ,8""LIes. Blase.care and would get beter for a little while, then I would go aown wiuichronkinflaCftion all through me SfJJJpoison in my blood. After trying nearly evading Heain The People's Common Sense Medical Adviser of Dr. F ierce s i wmlMedici 1 DhcoveryS Dr. .Sage's Catarrh Remedy. I tawtajjj JGolden Medical Discovery' and 'Pleasant Pellets..' and have used l nvabottles of Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy. I am now able to do my wprfealk vHth picture. I f eel like a new woman. Jt nwraround me and thank God for letting ma live Ions enough tojfina something that made me well again."Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate liver and bowels.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHBALHEfi.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.aWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnI wow is the lime to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co,INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, N3rth Middletowa, Littlef RockRuddles Mills."When you have East TennesseeamHAVE telephone service.'service youThe East Tennessee Telephone GoIncorporated.NOTICETOFarmers!NEWBARBERSHOPModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.I am Paying from 50c to 75ceach for Sheep Hides.Tallow5 and 5 1 -4c per lb.MAX MUNICK,8fch Street," ' Call East Tenn.PARI3,Phone 374KY.Jlnnk LanghornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a SpecialtyCARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY & TALBOTTALL THE OM FORTS OF HOME. 4on ri wish SCg'..?tftfygam&m owiwmkmwill not be yours unless youy.have aMajestic RangeYour Kitchen!inCome in and see them. Theyare the best made.v.. st .THE; BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 9,' 1912DINNER FOR BRUINDID HIS WORK THOROUGHLYCentral African Explorer WellBEAR'S ANTICIPATED FEAST DIDNOT MATERIALIZE.Equipped to Make Lasting Record of His Journey.;.Emulsionis the highest type ofcurative food.The nourishing -andcurative elements inScott's Emulsion are soperfecdy (combined thatall (babies, children andadults) are equally benefitted and built up.. -Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best. " 'ALL DRUGGISTS11-17LOST.Pocket knife on streets of Paris.Same had emblems of "Shriners lodgeon handle. Finder return to Newsoffice and get reward. 29 3tReds that Lay63 dozen eggs from 30 pullet's duringDecember, January and February.Eggs $1.50 per setting of 15. Also agood rooster and a few good pulletsfor sale.26 3t MRS. M. H. DAILEY.Eggs for Hatching.Rhode Island Reds and Indian Runner Ducks, good stock, $1.50 per setting of 15.26 3t JOS. VARDEN.FOR SALE.Plenty of work mules, weighingfrom .1,000 to 1,400 pounds. Come andbuy them.Also for sale 150 barrels of breadeuro.THOS. McCLINTOCK,Millerbsurg, Ky.Eggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, $2 to $3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St., Paris, Ky.WANTED.By experienced man, position onfarm as overseer or to raise crop onshares. Apply at this office.FOR RENT.Cottage on South Main street containing five rooms, hall and large backporch. Call E. T. Phone 80.22 3t MISS JULIA EDWARDS.Duck Eggs for SaleImpel irl Mammoth White . Pekinduck eggs,75 cents per dozen. AddreESHORACE MILLER CLAY,13 Gt Route 7, Box 5f Paris, KyRooms and Board.Desirable front rooms and board forboth ladies and gentlemen. fApply toMRS. WALLINGFOKU,Cor. Pleasant ana Duncan Avenue.FOR SALE.Three houses in Henry Addition andone lot located near Main street inBarnes Addition and facing on Barnesavenue. Very desirable for railroadmen. Cheap if sold at ones.WHITE VARDEN,Home Phone 125 or at Postoffice.HORSE CLIPPINGPrepare your irorses forspring by having them clip-ped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is our1 specialty. .MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Eagles Assumed They Had PriorClaim on Sturgeon, and in theLanguage of Modern SmallBoy, "Made Good."An Oregon bear who -wanted a fishdinner felt that his desire was in afair way to be satisfied when hefound a large sturgeon washed up onthe bank of the Columbia river. Twoeagles had claimed the prize by rightof discovery, but the bear at oncetried to dispossess them. The resultsof his effort were disappointing tohim.One of the eagles had flown to hernest with pieces of the fish and theother was picking away at the remnants when the bear came tearingthrough the brush. Bruin walkedstraight up to the feast, but the eagle"was not to be scared away. He flapped his wings and stood on the defensive. The bear paused a momentand then rushed at the. eagle. Thebird eluded him and soared into theair, screaming for hi's mate. She cameswooping down from, the nest andjoined forces In an attack on the bear,which was so busy tearing the sturgeon that he paid no attention. to theroyal birds until they sank their talonsmjis fleshyThe howl of rage which bruin letout then showed that he had been"both pained and hurt." He reared upon his haunches and clawed savagelyat the birds, which whirled easilyabout him. One would make a dashat his face and eyes, while the otherwould hit him in the back of the necklike a bolt from a catapult. For tenminutes .or more the bear stood up toth'e scratch, but by that time" he hadhad scratching enough and began toevince signs of wanting to get away.As soon as he was on all fours theeagles were upon him, and he had toget on his haunches again to use hispaws effectively. The blood wasstreaming down his face and showingin great spots all over his glossy hide,but the object of the eagles appearedto be to get at his eyes, and he seemedfully aware of it. He was very anxiousto get back to the cover of the brush,and the eagles were just as anxiousto prevent him. Every time he turnedtoward the bushes they would plumpdown on his head and try to sink theirtalons In his eyes, and drum his earwith their strong pinions.It w,as nearly half an hour from thetime the bear came out of the brushbefore he was able to drag himselfback under its friendly cover, and hewas the most dilapidated-looking bearimaginable.The -eagles flew to a tree andsmoothed their ruffed feathers. Then,as their young were calling for morefood, they resumed their work of carving and serving the sturgeon.M It Happens Often.Have you ever tried to take a message on a telephone when cars arepassing with a great rumble in thestreet outside?"Can J take the message?""Would you kindly tell Jack that hismother is dying rumble) when he isthrough ""Is dying when he is through?""No! She is (rumble) to see(rumble) his work.""She is to see his work? All right.""Wait! I say his mother is dyingto (rumble) work.""Do you want me to tell him that?""Yes, please. And also to comehome as soon as (rumble) he is doing." "Doing what?""No matter what he is doing! Doyou (rumble) that?""No, I don't get that.""I say, do you get that?""Oh, almost.""All right; be sure and tell-him."And you proceed to tell Jack thathis mother is dying, but would ratherwork, so he had better call her up.Harvard Lampoon.' Fields Shaft -of Real Wit.Charles A. Bigelow, the comedian,who died a few weeks ago, was madeto order for the wags of the oldWeber and Fields company, says aChicago writer. He knew it, but hecouldn't defend., himself and washopped on pretty regularly by Collier,.Dailey and Fields. Bigelow's appearance led to-one of the best impromptulines ever put over. One show pre-sented him as a Spanish grandee who'was giving a garden party fcr hisdaughter (Lillian Russell). Bigelow'slean calves were "in white stockingsand' his bald head was partly coveredwith a bull fighter's hat, worn rakishly. Fields, looking him over, askedthe significance of the attire, andBigelow replied that he was dressedthat way out of compliment to hisdaughter.- All through the rehearsalperiod Fields fished for a line to fit inhere, and it came the opening nightwhen. he said: "I should hate to seeyou dressed as an insult.". .. Rich, But JWilbur Wright, at a tea in Daytonwas talking about a daredevil Frenchairman."Is he very successful?" a banker'sdaughter asked.Mr. Wright smiled his faint, sardonic smile as he replied:"Very successful? Indeed he is verysuccessful! Why, his false arm iscrusted with diamonds, his artificialskull is made of platinum platinum,is fourteen itim' dearer than , gold,you know and both his wobllenTegsare' gold-mounted and full-jeweled."To make' an accurate description ofthe route taken through an unknowncountry requires an amount of hardand incessant labor of which few -personshave any conception. An instancein point may be taken from the explorations of William Junker in Central Africa.'This man, a Russian by birth, spentfive years endeavoring to trace the"course of the River Welle, which liesbetween .the headwaters of the Nileand the Congo, with a view to determine the position of the watershedbetween the two rivers.When actually on the march hewore a coat designed by himself, having numerous large and small pockets especially arranged for the handyuse of his watch, compass, aneroid,thermometer and note books. Fromone of its buttons hung three pencils;one red for marking his route, anotherblue for noting the rivers and streams,the third black for recording the timesof starting and halting, together withalMhe more notable incidents of theday's march.In a little notebook, ruled for thepurpose, the exact time of startingwas put down, thereafter, at the endof every five minutes the direction inwhich he was proceeding was determined by a glance at the compassand carefully noted, while occasionally the readings of the aneroid andthe 'thermometer were taken.A brook crosses the path. With theblue pencil it is instantly designated,as well as the direction of its currentand its estimated breadth and depth.Every change in the character of thecountry is entered, as from wooded tograss lands, or from desert to fertilesoil. The prominent objects encountered on the way, with their apparentheight and distance, are all indicated.So also are the names of the tribes,and any local information that mayhave been obtained.The time and duration of everyhalt is carefully. kept, as it is necessary to know the actual marchingtime in order to calculate the distancegone. Doctor Junker's uniform ratewas a little over three miles an hour.When the night camp was reachedthe first duty of the explorer, aftersupper, was to copy all the notesmade during the day into a- largebook; one page generally, thoughsometimes two, being use'd to recorda day's march. If the night wereclear the traveler's work would endwith an observation for determiningthe position of the camp. This done,he felt that he had earned his rightto rest.In this manner Junker traveled onfoot 4,000 miles through a country alarge part of which had never beforebeen visited by a white man. Harper's Weekly.Found Bones of Soldiers.During the recent excavations inthe historic ground of Abbey lane,Athlone, Ireland, for the commonplacepurpose of constructing a sewer, someremarkable finds were made by theexcavating party. Not far beneaththe soil they came in contact with alarge quantity ofhuman remains.There were no symptoms of coffins,but several skulls and bones werethrown up. Evidences of a very substantial foundation which were alsounearthed, four feet under the surface,and the human remains buried apparently in a trench in the immediate vicinity, gave rise to the suppositionthat the skeletons were those of theIrish soldiers who fought in the siegesnear the famous old bridge of Athlone.The Abbey was founded by Cistercianmonks the same year that the site ofthe castle was taken over by KingJohn, with other lands adjoining,which belonged to the monks andin exchange the king gave to themonastery the lands known today asMonksland, on the borders of the town.A holy water fount was also unearthed. Hogs Loose and on Rampage.The sleeping citizens on a certainstreet in Rochester, N. Y., were awakened the other morning before daylight by an unusual noise. What theawakened people saw was a strangesight when they shivered their waysto the windows and looked into thestreet. The roadway was filled witha drove of hogs, whose gruntings andsquealings had joined to cause- thedisturbance. A short time before theyhad been snugly packed in live stockcars on the railroad. But there hadbeen a wreck and thousands of hogswere released from their prisons. Theyinvaded the town and started immediately on the chief business of theirexistence, the acquirement and disposal of food. Some householderssought the morning paper only to finda disconsolate hog sitting on the doorstep, but many others were startledfrom time to time by noisy visits tothe garbage pails in the alley. Andthe garbage collectors' wagons werethe leaders of processions. It waswell into the day before the swine hadbeen rounded up and again put intbstrong captivity. ' 'Here Is a Real Wtt.The town council held a big banquet. One of the councilors came arrayed in a tartan waistcoat. He wassubjected to a great number of curious looks. At length one of his brother councilors, unable to restrain hiscuriosity, remarked:"I say, what possessed you tocome in a tartan waistcoat?"."Well came the witty answer, rTmnot like some of you. Always whenI .dine I like to keep a check over mystomach." . , . ; -V . . ,7 '.-jtfiTHREE-ROOM OUTFITSpring Time is HereAfter being housed up so long and looking at the old furniture,Carpets, Rugslind Mattings, am sure: .that you are planning to getsomething new for the home. We are headquarters for suchthings.CHIPPOROBES.A solid American quartered" Chifforobe,highly polished, sliding- rack, large openingdoor, for hanging clothes, five drawers andhat box, for onlyA. F.Main and Third Sts.ACTUAL STARVATION.Facts About Indigestion and itsand its Relief that ShouldInterest You.Although indigestion and dyspepsiaare so prevalent, most people do notunderstand their cause and currfThere i no reason why most peopleshould not eat anything they desire ifthey will only chew it carefully andthoroughly. Many actually starvethemselves into sickness through fearof eating every gocd locking, goodsmelling and good tasting food becauseit does not agree with them. 1The best thing to do is to fit yourselfto digest any good food,We believe we can relieve dyspepsia.We are so confident of this fact thatwe guarantee and promise to supply ,the medicine free of all cost to everyone who will use it who is not perfcetIj satisfied with the results which itproduces. We exact no promises, andput no one under any cbligatiun whatvee. Surely nothing could be fairer. 1We are located right here and ourreputation should be sufficient assurance of the genuineness of our offer. (We want everyone troubled withindigestion or dyspepsia in any fcrmto come to our store and buy a box ofRexall Dypspesia Tablets. Take themhome and give th'em a reasonabletrial, according to directions. Then, ifnot satisfied, come to us and get yourmoney back. They are very pleasantto take; they aid to soothe the irritable stomach, to strengthen and invigorate the digestive organs and topromote a healthy and natural bowelaction, thus leading to perfect andhealthy digestion and'assimilation.A 25c package of JRexall DysppesiaTablets furnishes 15 days' treatment.In ordinary casep, this is sufficient toproduce a cure. Ii more chronic easelsa longer treatment of course is necessary, and depends upon the severity ofthe trouble, b'or such cases we havetwo larger sizes, which sell for 50cand $1. Remember yGU can obtainRexall Remedies in this communityonly at our store The Rexall Stare.G. S. Varden & Son.Grapple With Difficulties.. I find nothing so singular in life asthis: That everything opposing appears to lose its substance the moment one actually grapples with it.Hawthorne.Don't be surprised if you have anattack of rheumatism this Bpring.Just rub the affected parts withChamberlain's Liniment and it willj soon disappear; Sold by all dealers,j Need Original Thinkers.We want today men and "women tothink for themselves; working ihen- have, been too," apt to accept . ths'.thoughts ofothers. EchangeiA solid oak Kitchen Cabinet, glass doorstwo bins for meal and flour, two small drawers, meat and biscuit board, large table topsmall drawers for spicesS1G.SOAlso agent for the Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet, the greatest step saver in the world&2S.OOWHEELER & CO.CHRS. GREEN, Manager. Opposite Court House.Nordica at Lexington.One of the world's greatest singers,Mme. Lillian Nordica, a queen of theoperatic stage and the greatest Wagnerian singers in the world, will appearat the Lexington Opera Housa inconcert on Monday, April 15, 11L2.Lillian Nordica has a place all herown in the hearts of the Americanpublic and she has even succeeded inconquering the narrowness and prejudices of ths European capital, forthere as here, she has been claimed asone of the worla's greatest singers.It can be indisputably said thatNordica is the most popular of all prima donnas. To the student of, musicher singing is ever an inspiration,while to the casual musicjlover andgeneral public it is an unfailing sourceof delight.In days to come, never to have heardNordica will be considered as great aless of opportunity as it is looked uponin thi3 generation never to have heardJohnny Lind or Adelina Patti.At her concert not only will we hearNordica, but the program will have anadditional attraction, in fact, two, inMyron. Whitney, theieminent American basso, and Romayne Simmons, thegreat accompanist,The sale of seats will open Tuesday,April 9, all orders accompanied by aremittance will receiv prompt attention The prces will be lower floor, S2 ;baclony, $1, $1.50 and $2; gallery 50cents.No Pensions Unlil August.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass? barbers. 13 tfDaily Thought.Every soul has a landscape thatchanges with the wind that sweeps thesky, with the clouds that return afterits rain. George McDonald."My little soji had a severe cold. Iwas recommended to try Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and before asmall bottle was finished he was aswell as ever," writes Mrs. H. Silk, JL9 Dowling street, Sydney. Austrlia.For sal by all dealers.-As to Calling Cards., "What are the proper, callingcards?" "Threes or upward are considered very good." Louisville Courier-Journal.For rheumatism you will find nothing better than Chamberlain's Liniment". Try it and see how quickly itgives relief. Sold by all dealers.Annual Output of Books.According to the calculation of aFrench statistician, -ihe number ofbooks .published throughout the worldis 128;630 -ecli year, ,FOR $TS.KITCHEN CABINETS.7k t lArnulhsozitaProfessional CardsT J. "WTLTjT AMS ,J . ATTO JttN Jb; Y-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building:.Dr. m Wm. Kenney-,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.umce rnones j Home m'- STResidence 53XlUIIltJ tJ.i.DR. A. U KELLEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, .... KentuckyEmbroidery and Stamping.1 will be glad to have you calf andsee my up to date woik. Can supplyycur needs at reasonable prices. Cafland see my work, I am also geting upa class in needle work.MISS J.IDA B. DUERSON,No. 305 Main street.At Mrs. .Come W. !Baird's Millinerytore, E. T phona 339. . .Similar. J. Society is like a sleeping bag-allright when you're in but not much ti:look at from the outside. ChicagoRecord-Herald.You will look a good while before .you find medicine that is better forcoughs and colds than ChamberlainsCough Remedy. It not only givas:relief it enres. Try it when you havea cough or cold and you are certain,to be pleased with the prompt curewhich it will effect. For sale by alldealers. .In Desperate' Mood."That prima donna has a Toice likean angel's." "You think so' responded the impresario,; resentfully. "Well,I don't know how an angel talks whemthings don't go to suit ier. But if Ithought they all sounded like thisprima donna, I'd think twice beforewanting to go to heaven." . ... -Why He Was Late."What made you so late:''"I met Smithson."Welhthat is no reason why youshonld be an hour late getting Taometo supper' " t -"I know, but I askei .him how- K9,was feeling, and I e in listed upon, telling me about b s stomach trouble:' '.'Did yon tell him to take "Chanaberlain's Tablets'"Sure, that is wn t ae 1 eedg.?? MSold, by ,811 dealers-THE BOURBON NEWS," PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 9, 1912m ,IDiamonds!We Are Showing This Spring aLarge Assortment of -Diamond Rings!Perfect, Clean Cut, White Goods in 14kTiffany Mountings, for$20, $25, $30 and $40 eachAccording to Weight See Our WindowDisplay of Same Every StoneGuaranteed.IiWe Have Just Received a Line of theThinest WatchesMadeWith Elgin or Waltham Movement for$18.50 EachThe Nobbiest and Best Watch EverSold For the Price.IFor Spring and EasterWear LaValliers and Drop Ear Rings, They Are inVogue. We Carry a Full and CompleteStock of these Goods at all Prices.Our Line of Wedding GiftsSterling Silver, Cut Glass and Hand-Painted China5 is Immense and Varied, and you should callt and see ourJStock before purchasing.t"THE HOME OF QUALITY."Shire & Fithian.JMaster Commissioner's SaleOFCanning Machinery., "bourbon circuit court.iS. H. Booth Plaintiffvs.Xiula Taiilbee &c. -DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court rendered in the above styled action the undersigned Master Commissioner ofthe said court will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe court house door in the city ofParis, Ky. , about the hour of twelveo'clock noon on Saturday, April 27,1912, the following described property: One compartment cooking tank,drain pipes for each system of pipingof .said tank, and gate valve for eachdrain pipe, a cover for each compartment of said tank except one ; one-cast iron farnace front; 0 grate bars,48 inches long; one grate res.t; 1 castiron plate for smoke stack to rest on;one smoke stack 8 inches in diameter by about 21 feet long;3 guy wires;1 crane complete with coil on same ;2 wire scalding baskets; 2 iron exhaust crates ; 4 iron process crates ; 1capping steel ; 1 tipping copper ; 1 firepot; 1 burner; 1 gasoline tank, fitted;1 hand power air pump;. all the pipes,valves and fittings connecting up thegasoline system; 1 can tongs; 2 funnels and all other things furnishedwith the above canning outfit notnamed above, and also 10 per cent Ofall goods packed on above factory.Said sale to be made upon the credit of three months for the purchasemoney, the purchaser being requiredto execute bond for the purchase pricewith good security thereon to be approved by said Master Commissioner, payable to sid Master Commissioner.bearing interest at the rate of6 per cent per annum from date of"skle until raid. havine-the forn andeffect of a judgment and to remain aJien upen the property sold until fullypaid or purchaser may pay - cash and,!.stop the interest at any time.sale shall be made to satisfy a judgment debt of Thomas M. Brownamounting to the following sums, viz:$85 00 with interest at the rate of 5per cent, from Jan. 1, I912,until paid,subject to the credit of $59.Q0as ofthe 19th day of Feb. 1912, and 'thefurther sum Qf $75.00 with interest atthe rate of 5 per cent, from the firstflav nf Tan 1Q19 anrl J-Va f n rf or cumof $40.00 with interest at the rate of 5per cent from Jan. 1, 1912, until paidand the accrued cost of this actionand the undersigned Commissionerwill sell io much of the abdve described property as will satisfy thesaid Thomas M. Brown's said debtand interest and ostC. A. M' MILL AN, M. C. B. C. C.pr9-16-23Released to Return to Farm.of SundayThe Cincinnati Enquirercontained the following:4After Samuel Oliver came herefrom Paris, Ky., where he left hiswife on the farm, he secured a position iif the tailoring establishment ofC. F. Gruner. Oliver became infatuated with t he red lights after darkand began 'going the pace.' In orderto 'make a showing' he frequentlywent to the store at night and 'dolled'himself up in clothing he found there."The inevitable happened and Oliver was caught with some of the'borrowed' clothing draped about hisform. He was indicted on a charge ofburglary and larceny. Yesterday heappeared before Judge O'Connell, withAttorney Thomas Darby, and agreedto plead guilty of petit larceny. Ashe had a key , to the Gruner store,burglary could not be proved, and asne had not intended stealing the clothing, this was another point in hisfavor, flis wife was here from thefarm to plead for him and JudgeO'Connell decided to be lenient. He"as Oliver if he was willing to go backto the farm and stay there. Oliversaid he was, . and the Court "thensentenced him to 30 days in jail and afine of 200 and costs, but suspendedsentence so long as he returns to theKentucky farm and stay there. Oliverdeclared that he had had enough ofcity life and would never return here,but would spend the rest of his daystilling the soil." Oliver formerly resided at Ruddles Mills, this county andis the son of S. P. Oliver, of thatplace.Have it Pat Aside.Select your wall paper at J. T.ton's now and have it put aside.Hin-MATRIM0NIAL.A beautiful April wedding will bethat of Miss Katherine Davis and Mr.Henry Craig, of Georgetown. It willbe a very elaborate wedding and willbe solemnized at the Christian churchon the evening of the twenty-fourth.Mrs. Withers Davis, sister jn law ofthe bride, will be dame of honor and acousin, tMiss Katherine Withers, ofLexington, will be maid of honor.JT,he other maids will be Miss SDarics.SaidT0 St. Louis; niece of the bridegroom,ansa iNancy vjrimcn, ivuss HjjizaoatnSteel, Miss Katherine Headiejr andMiss Frances Brown, of LexingtonMiss Sue Ford Off utt, of Georgetown.The best man will be Mr. OscarCarrick, of Georgetown, and the ushers will be Mr. Withers Davis, Mr.'John Davis. Mr. Buford Hall, Mr.John Downing and Mr. James Moore,of Georgetown.After the ceremony the bridal partyand immediate members of the familieswill be entertained vyth a reception atthe home of the bride. After an extended wedding journey Mr. and Mrs.Craig will be at home to their friendsin Georgetown. Many lovely partieshave been arranged for the lovelybride to be. "7 : iBuick Fourth Without Racing ITeam.Although tha Buick Motor Companymaintained no racing team last year,and its cars were entered in races byindividual owners only7-the race record shows that it ranked fuurth inwins. Buick cars won twenty-eightfirsts, twenty-one seconds and nineteen thirds, the record including roadraces, speedway events, hill climbingcontests and beach races. Only threecars had a larger number of firsts,only one had a larger number of seconds and one car had more thirds. Allof the cars winning more races wererun by regular racing teams maintained by the manufacturers. The Buickpeople are justly proud of this record.One cannot help wondering what theresult would have been had the company maintained a racing team.Yerkes & Prichard, the well knownvehicle dealers, of Paris, are the localagents for the Buick Motor Company,in Bourbon county, and they have solda number of this make of machines tonumerous satisfied buyers in this locality, (oapl-lt)Good Advice.Read Amy's letter to Lou everyFriday, you will find them in J. T.Hinton's ad. She will keep you postedby giving you good advice.. Poultry Netting. :We carry the cheapest and best lineof poultry netting that can be boifght.Let us fill your order.9 4t LAVI& & CONNELL.RELIGIOUS.Misses Annie Laurie Withersaoonend Ida Mae Merrimee and Mr. JohnClay, were baptized at tne eveningservices at the Presbyterian churchSunday. Dr. B. M. Shive administered the ordinance.Seed Sweet Potatoes. -Genuine Strauburg seed sweetpotatoes just received. The finest youever saw. Let us have your order.9 2t SAUER.Last Day.This is the last day 'of the greatspecial sale of wall paper at theNational Five and Ten Cent Store.Relieve Indigestion Quickly.A little tablet called "Digestif hasbrought instant relief tu thousandstheir own statements are proof. Twoor three tablets after "meals or whensuffering stops fermentation, preventsdistress, relieves indigestion and curesdyspepsia. "Digestif is sold withthe distinct understanding that yourmoney will be refunded if you want it50c Ask at Varden & Son's;Paris Teachers Visit Lexington.Superintendent George W. Chapman,of the Paris City Schools, and eighteenteachers made at visit to LexingtonKriday to visit the schools of that cityard inspect the system in vogue. Theteachers went to Lexington on theeight o'clock interurban car and weremet by Superintendent Cassity, of theLexington school, who acted a3 hostand showed the visitors about the city.In the afternoon ythe Paris teachersattended the teachera meeting of theLexington school where they heard anumber of addresses. They inspectedthe class work and at noon lunch wasssived. Those from this city whoaccompanied Prof. Chapman were:Prof. T. B. Sporing, Misses JuliaO'Brien, Nell Wallis,- Falsom McGuire,Jessie Crisp, Bettie Smith, BessieBrannon, Lizzie Lenihan, Annie Farrell, Bessie Purnell, Mason Talbott,Sallie Whaley, Blanche Lillestinn,Mary Layton and Jessie Harris, Mrs.Esther Stone and Mrs Evelyn Buck.Easter Desert.'Let us have your order for ice creamon Easter Snday. Sold in any ..quantity. Both phones 336.J. H. BATTERTON.Don't be Afraid to Eat.Eat what you want when you wantit and "Digestif;." Two or three tablets after meals digests all the food."prevents distress, relieves indigestioninstantly. "Digestif is a little tablet easy to swallow, absolutely harmless. It has relieved thousands and isguaranteed to please ypu, if not yourmoney will be refunded 50c. Ask atVarden & Son's.IBoost the Railroad Subscription.Encouragement in the extreme hasmarked the efforts of the committeecomposed of Messrs. D. C. Parrish andW. O. Hinton, soliciting subscriptionsto assist in the purchase of the rightof way for the new L. & N. extensionfrom Paris through North Middletownand to Goodonton to connect with theL. & E. While the committee hasbeen laboring under difficulty sincethe task was undertaken, the membersfeel that they will succeed in the venture, and a sufficient amount will bereceived through subscription to purchase the right of way.The officials of the L. & N. havegiven the people of Bourbon everyopportunity to show their interest inthe project, to be hoped they will nothesitate now that the movement tosecure subscriptions has beenlaunched.The committee will visit the business men and public spirited citizens,whom they have not already seen inthe next few days. The members ofthfc committee being business men canonly spare a part of their time in thiswork. Have you put your name to thesubscription paper. Don't you knowit would be a great help to the committee if ydu go to the trouble of.hunting it up and subscribing.The future of Paris depends in agreat measure upon the success ingetting the new line through. It wouldmean an increase in population, increase the business of the town, andbenefit this community in a hundredother wayB. Dont' wait to subscribe,do it now. Below will be found apartial list of the Paris subscriotionsto the fund.Paris, Ky., March 27, 1912.We, the undersigned, each separatelyagree to pay the Lousville & NashvilleRailroad Company the amounts set opposite our names respectively, for thepurpose of purchasing the' rights-of-wayfor the proposed extension of theL. &N. R. R. through Bourbon county,Kentucky, by way -of North Middletown to the coal fields of Eastern Kentucky. Said amounts shall become due andpayable when the proposed extensionshall be built andln operation, providedthe rights-of-way for same shall havebeen commenced before April 1, 1913:J. T. Hinton ' Sl.onoH. A. PowerJ. W. DavisBourbon Bank & TrustDeposit Bank of Paris.E. F. Spears & Sons'Co. ..500500lob500Frank & Co. 500C. b. Brent & Bro 500January & Connell 200Ford & Co 250Cassius M. ClayR. B. HutchcraftMitchell & BlakemoreWm. Shire i VN. 'Kriener -Harry SimonAlbert Lyons . . . 1Louis. Saloshin -JLvlvi: ;Lavin & ConnellJE. M. Wheeler."L:l:.Buckner Woodford200-25020020010010050100100100100W. H. McMillan .. ionPrice & Co IqoLowry & Talbott . looL. Woolstein 50Chas. ts. GolstmeT. C. Lenihan5050M. Flannagan fc 5050Chas. P. Cook & Co-John Merrinerer FinH. Margolen . 50Stuart & O'Brien 50George McWilliamsl 50J. A. Stern j- 50A. J. WintersJohn Sauer 50:Large Tobacco Acreage.. A large acreage of toba:co will beraised in Bourbon county the comingseason, and growers have been occupied during the last few days of goodweather burning beds and makingother necessary preparations for putting in their crops.The large tobacco warehouse locatedat the corner of Houston avenue andSeventh street in this city has beenrented by Abnee & Mussinon from W.T. Overby, and will be filled by thefirm with tobacco bought on the looseleaf market in Lexington.Fine Beers.The best line of fancy Deer in thecity, Moerlein's liarbarossa, and Wiedemann's? bottled beer. The bestdraught Leer in town, both light andbock on tap at all times. Give us acall.tf . ED. SLATTERY.Seems Queer Cure for Asthma.Strange as it may seem, some medical men have recently taken to recommending the smoky parts of Sheffield, England, for sufferers fromasthma.1ISpecial Demonstration ofHanson -Jenks Co.Toilet Preparations!Mrs. Keene, the lady in charge of this demonstration, will give you all the details in connectionwith the various preparations which this firm hashad on the market, and which have given general -satisfactionwherever introduced. The line ofthese will be shown whether you are a prospec- 'tive buyer or if you only come iu to inspect theline.Curtain ancEDraperyDepartment.Mr. Fusselman, lately of Fort 'Wayne, Indiana, is incharge of this department, and is fully equipped with afresh and up.to-date stock of ready to use; curtains or curtain material by the yard. He will give you the benefit ofhis experience in helping you to select and toadvise you inthe use of house draperies. Our prices are reasonable andqualities in keeping with th.2 standard set by-'this firm andits predecessors of nearly 22 years. We kindly solicit acall before you start home renovations. It will be to yourbenefit and we will endeavor to facilitate the task for you .Wolf, Wile & Co.,s Formerly Kaufman, Straus &'Co.Lexington, Ky.A Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court "House, Paris.Store Enthusiasm.My son, we should lay up a stockof absurd enthusiasms in our youth orelse we shall reach the end of ourjourney with an empty heart, for welose a great many of them by theway. Victor Cherbjiez.Stevenson's Worthy Prayer..The 'day returns and brings us thepetty round of irritating concerns andduties. Help us "to play the man,help us to perform them with laughterand kind faces; let cheerfulnessabound with industry. Give us to goblithely on our business all this day,bring us to cur resting beds wearyand content and undishonored, andgrant us in the end the. gift of sleep.Amen. Robert Louis Stevenson.JM tlmi Arr .HutrrrBtFli in tmbrmiiprn. Ipaar (Call anil BetStamping,Shirt Waists,Newest Designs inPunch Work,Eylet, French andLarge Designs20c and 25 c,Pillow Cases 25c,Pin Cushions 10c,Handkerchiefs 10c,Corset Covers 15-25UltsjB 2frfti? 2iurst Gowns ,5c a"d 25ca . r . Towels 20c,jxx mtm warnB'ittijrr rfahtn iHarhittr(Dfiirr, fHaitt Bt,Paris. 2Ctf.Initials 5c,Sheets 25c.For SaleCenters,Runners,Pin Cushions,,Pillow Cases...fctnlirntdrru Bant at Srasmtablr JlrirrsTime Told by Shadows. jAmong curious clock novelties id the ishadow boudoir clock. With it thereIS iiu nccu ui ec (.Liu j5 lis on live cilight or turn on the bulb. All that isnecessary is to touch a button andthe time is flashed on the wall, afterthe same fashion that signs areflashed on the sidewalk. "When theowner of the clock retires he turns anight dial to the ceiling and when hepresses a bulb the electric light reflects from the dial through the lensand appears, giving the correct timein shadow on the ceiling.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfTHE FAIR!On Friday NextFlower Pot Saucers 5 for 5c.Cake Pans worth 25c, at 19c.Extra deep Muffin Pans, at 8c.Matting Tacks, 3 large boxesfor-5c. N ' 'High-grade, Machine and Qiey'cle Oil, 8c bottle. .Asbestos Cooking Mats, 2 for5c.Semi-porcelain Pie Plates at2 l-2c.Breakfast Plates at 3 l-2c.Dinner Plates at 5c.Wall Paper, beautiful batterns,on sale Friday at reduced prices....THE FAIR...For Women and MenYou Can Pay More, But YouCan't Get Better ShoesCome in Let Me Tell You WhyYou Should Buy Shoes From Me.The Selz GuaranteeThe name SELZ stamped on the sole of ashoe is a guarantee of absolute satisfaction. Remember, your dealer is authorized to see thatyou get absolute satisfaction from every pair ofshoes bearing the marlt-4tLargest Makers of Good Shoes in the' World".J.LM. JOSSELSON, Sole Agt.Paris, KentuckyEasy Walking Shoe HouseJIIiTHE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 9", 1912.fiffi BOURBON NEWS.VALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF FvrrjvTmr;Tobacco Cotton.All grades tobacco cotton at theSIMON DEPT. STORE.Will Move Oitice to Court HouseMaster Commissioner C. A. McMillan will move his office this weekfrom Broadway to the offices in thecourt house formerly occupied by theBurley Tobacco Society.WUl Paper Sale.Don't fail to attend the special wallpaper sale Saturday, Monday andTuesday at the National Five and Tencent store. E. T. Phone 146.Bulk Garden Seed.We have everything in bulk seed.C. P. COOK & CO. -PERSONAL MENTION,Decrease in Price oi Auto Tires.The Bourbon Garage and Supply Co.yesterday received the announcementof the reduction of about 11 per centin the price of rubber auto tires whichwent into effect April 5.One Piece Dresses.For silk and linen one piece dressesgo to theSIMON DEPT. STORE.Ready lor Concrete.The Moppleman Contsriicti'on Company, which has the contract for theunderpass, ot the -Claysville crossingon the L. & N.. has about completedthe work of excavating beneath thetrpck, and in a few days will beginthe concrete work. It is expceted theunderpass will be completed by June1True Blue Serge Suits $20.Guaranteed in fit, workmanship andfast color, to be the best $20 suit inAmerica. Other serges too, $15 U to''J' J. W. DaVIS & CO.Eggs, Eggs.We are in the luarket-every day inthe year.C. P. COOK & CO.Big Lot Sale.One of the prettiest building sites inParis is the old fair grounds. Theowner of a large portion ot this beautiful tract is Mr. John S. Jones. Mr.Jones is subdividing this property andwill shortly pu on the market 25 ofthe Drettiest lots ever offered in Paris.The date of this sale has not yet beenannounced but the public will be notified shortly through these columns ofthe time. Wait for this sale. Watchfor the advertisement.Rre,wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & WoodfordOff the Street.We keep our vegetables off the side2,k C. P. COOK & CO.Small Fire Causes Alarm.The fire department was called outTuesday afternoon lo the old frsmehouse adjoining the old Christianchurch, owned by Mr. Martin Doyle,where from some unknown cause, firehad originated in one of the presss,but was extinguished before the department arrived. No damage resulted. The building is being torn awayand will be replaced by a two storydrick structure and workmen are. nowengaged in this work.Spring Clothes $15 to $25.They are here for every man whoh;i? need for good clothes.J. W DAVIS & CO.Miss Maude Herrin, "who has beenquite ill, is improving.Miss Rachel Wiggins will entertain at Bridge this afternoon,iss Kate Alexander has returnedfrom a short visit in Lexington.Miss Mary Monnin left Friday forChicago to spend several days.Dr. and Mrs. Harry Mathers visited relatives in Carlisle Sunday.Mr, Chas. N. Fithian ie able tote out after several days' illnessMr. and Mrs. W.H. Andersen havereturned from a trip to New Orleans.Mrs. P. A. Thompson and childrenhave returned from a visit to relativesin Cincinnati.Mrs. J. B. Nofthcott is visitingher mother, Mrs. Jospeh Thompson, inJefferson, O.Mr. and Mrs. Homer Kiser andlittle daughter spent, Sunday with.relatives in Shawhan.Mrs. D. C. Parrish .has returnedfrom Florida where she has been sincethe first of February.Miss Ella Spears, of Chattanooga,Tann., is the guest of Miss MaggieGoodloo, in thiscity.Mrs. Everett Clark and daughters,Misses Elizabeth and Frances Clarkehave returned from Cincinnati.Mr. and Mis. James Berry, ofCarlisle, were here-Saturday to attendthe funeral of Mrs. Ed Sparks. .Miss Leila Kern, of Moorefield,was the attractive guest ot Mrs. EllenHerrin, on South Main, Sunday.Miss NanniB Clay, ot UrsalineAcademy, Brown county, Ohio, was athome spendnig the Easter holidays.Miss Miller, a trained "nurse of.Lexington, has been called to attendMiss Hazel Overny who is quite ill.Mr. James CRenfro, of PJeasureville, Ky.,'will arrive in a few "days tobe' the guest of Judge E. B. January.Messr?. Berry Ratliff, of Carlisle,and Henry Spring, both students atAnn Arbur, visited Miss Collins Sunday.Messrs. George D. Speakes and L.D. Harris, who have been at Tupelo,Miss,, on a business trip, have returned home.- Mrs. Carlton Williams and son ofParis, are paying a visit to the former's sister, Miss Josephine Stewart, inGeorgetown.Mrs. B. F. Adcock and childrenhave returned from a visit to herparents, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Woodwardin Winchester.Mrs. Russell Mann will returnfrom Louisville today accompaniedhy her son, Attorney Ray Mann, wnohas been quite ill with rheumatism.Messrs.Edward and Thomas Prichard and John K. Vansant, who spentEaster with their relatives here havereturned to Central University, Danville. Mrs. Ferguson, of this city, whohas been ill at Good Samaritan Hospital for several weeks is much improved and will be able to return homethis week.Misses Nell Fithian, Fannie Ingles, Nell Crutcher and Augusta Rogers returned yesterday to CaldwellCollege, Danville, after spending Easter in Paris.The Adults Bible Calss of theChristian church will entertain with areception for the class president, Dr.J. H. Comer and his bride, this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the pallors ofthe church.Elder J. T. Sharrard visited hiswife last week in Harrison county,where she went several weeks ago tonurse her father and mother, Mr. andMrs. Griffith, and has herself been illtor the last two weeks.You'll Have to go a Long Wayto find a better assortment pf children's clothing than you'll find here,$4 to $15. We're boys' clothessDei'.ialists.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Fine Horses Sold.Jamcs Hukill, of this city, has soldthe trotting gelding, Howell, who hasa trial record of 2:10 1-2 by John Allerton 2:22 1-2, a son of Allerton 2:191-4, dam Jenny Huke 2:27. to WalterTrayncr, of Lexington Ed Bedfordsold to the same party Dingee 2:19 1-4by Wiggins 2:19 1-2, dam Ella Sligo2:22 1-2. These trotters are intendedfor Pittsburg men and will be trainedfor the Pittsburg matinees this season.Dignity Dare, the celebrated showhorse and sire, and the winner of morethan a hundred first prizes, has beenpurchased by Johtf Barbee, of theBarbee Siock Farm between Paris andMillersburg, from the estate of D. S.Carpenter, of Lincoln county.Old Whiskeys.Sam Clay and IVanhook made inspring of 19U4 bothin bulk and bottledin bond. All other first class bottledin bond goods. Champagne, and allkinds of domestic wines,tf ED. SLATTERY. ,Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Feld's Shoe Store.Wanted. xTo buy second-hand clothes.THOMAS BROS.,2t E. T. Phone" 793, Home 585.Sale.thePure Rhode Island Red Eggs.strain that lays the year round.CHARLTON CLAY.5 6t E. T. Phone 57FOR RENT.GageGage Bros.' Sailors.sailors, theMrs. 'Anna Tracy and daughter,Miss Sarah Tracy,- of Clark county,who have been visiting her brother,Mr. William Ferguson, at Minneatpo-lis. and have ccme to Bourbon countyto Epend tue summer with Mrs. Tacy'sSister, iurs. u. xaywi. , , 0Qo w Acar.i auu i.uii n well on this lot. VThe Glenn cottage on Vine street offive rooms, reception hall and bathroom. Possession given May 1 CallE, T. phone 198. tfPARISRestaurant!For First-Class Meals andShort-Order Lunches atthe Lowest Prices.QUICK iND .NEAT SERVICEBest Place in Town for Ladie'sand Gentlemen to Cat.Open All Hours Day and NightMain Street,Opposte Agricultural Bank.E. T. 'Phone 734Public Sale!On Monday, April 15, 19I,Davis !IU T$rance Jmt. Life, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best raying Lompamc:Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137ISpecial Showing ofLace Curtains and DraperiesNow is the Time to Make Your SelectionsBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone ....iiAVE vou an Automobile oran Engine of any kind. Wedo first-class repair workand at moderate prices. Let usgive you an estimate on your repair work.Paris Machine & Supply Co.R. B. Dickerson, Mgr.E. T. 'Phone No. 5.For Rent.-Small farm fn the suburbs of Paris.Call E. T. Phone 367All The Out-DoorsAwaits YouKODMI am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock in this part of the State. I make a specialty cf thisdepartment and can save you m6ney. All Of our curtainsare bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore cutting out the middle-man profit. IVIany numbers I buy inlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs of a singleprice and give you the benefit of the saving. Curtainssold heretofore at$ 2.00 now$1.50 $ 6.50 now$5.00 J2.50 now 1 .75 7.50 now 6.50 Z3.50 now 2.50 1 0.OO now 7.50 55.00 now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 O.OOWe have m stock any kind, any price and ifus the opportunity will please you.you giveW. Ed Tucker 2iAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.Fee'sKodaks, $5 to $20 ah up.Brownie Cameras, $l to $12.DAUGHERTYROS.iiCash Specials,THATGood Coffee!We Are Recaiving Twice a Week Direct From"Chase & Sanborn9'Their Famous Special Biend Roasted Coffee at 30cper pound, equal to any 35c and 40c Coffee. Weguarantee flavor aqd quality.A fragrant scent greets you, v .A tempting aroma meets you,A delicious flavor awaits you, 7In every cup ofChase & Sanborn's High-Grade Coffees.FEE'St4T. T. HintonIt Will Be Our Pleasure to Show YouTAe Extender Couch BedsPATENTED.-tyles atBros.'theSIMONlatestDEPT. STORE.Large Amount oi Commission.A tabulation has been made of thearrount paid in commissions and.bonuses by 146 life insurance companies during 1010. The commission onfirst year premiums amounted to$'i9.052,273. and cn renewals to 19,-!vN4:j,53G. The committee's commis-!si-.ns were S316.694 and the commuted :I Prof. J. S. Johnson, instructor! athletics in the Paris High School,! entertatined the members of the girs 'j basket ball team, the Southern champj ions of the season just closed with a! box party at the Grand Thursdayevening to see "The Girl of MyDreams." Prof Johnson's guestswere Misse3 Elsie Heller, Mary HayI den, Nellie Kummans, Olive Taul,Gertrude Slicer, Jtssie Denton andI Ruth Chambers":Miss Alice Rogers Clay, the handsome and attractive daughter of Hon.at 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises,we will sell at auction a house andtwo lots situated on South Vine street,in Paris, Ky., same being the propertyof Mary Hickmaji, colored. The housecontains two rooms, kitchen and porch.Lot is 34 feet in from, 40 feet in rearThere is a uplendiaacant lot adjoiningis 31 feet in front, 21 feet in rear and232 feet deep. The'property will beoffered separately, then as a whole andbest bid accepted.TERMS. Made known on day ofSill (3' HARRIS & SPEAKES.mA Mrs Sirlnev d. Clav. entertained !.,,.,5 eoio or a l. : . . - . , ... iiciiwuia c.a,o.ji, ujcmiuij a tutui ui a nurnber ot ner young inenas imn aS0.3G5.519. This covers a total of pive Hundred party Saturday afters', 405. GOO. 000 of new business and the naon at tne nome 0f her parents nearrenewal of $27,S00,000 ordinary andJthis city.g The house was attractiveindustrial policies for 510,ii7n now on :n its decorations of yellow jonquils.the books. The percentage of commission to income12 per cent.was approximatelyGarden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedcf all kinds. Remember we sell onlythe kind that grow.5tf T. LENIHAN.Tobacco Cotton.All-grades tobacco cotton at theSIMON DEPT. STORE.Fast Freight Wrecked.Fast northbound freight No. 42, waswrecked at Escondida. a few milessouth of Paris yesterday mroning. Thewreck cccurred at the exact spotwhere five freight cars of coal werederailed about a week ago. The causeof the accident is unknown as theenigneer had slow orders over the section of road where the first wreckoccurred. Four cars of merchandisewere derailed. None of the train crewwere injured. Tne Southbound passenger trains were sent to Lexingtonand over the C. and O. to Winchester:It was several hours before'the wreck2gec0uld.be cleared up and serviceresumed. . .. .. ;Nine tables were arranged in thedinirg room, living room and sunparlor. .After a number of games adelicious salad luncheon was served.Mr. Julian Rogers won the firstptize, a silver picture frame. Thegirls' prize a silver coin purse, waswon by Mis3 Mabel Petree, and thegentlemen's prize, a.brass card Holder, was awarded to Mr. HarveyRogers.JLhose present who thoroughly enjoyed the occasion were Misses MiryAllen Hutchcraft, Gharlina Ball.El'zabeth Renick, Anna and KatherineWilson. Elizabeth Brown, CatherineMarsh. Eleanor 'Slayr Margaret;Ferguson, Elizabeth Tar, , MabelPetree. France9 Champ, Rogers. MaryKerinty Webber, Mesar. .Roger andWill Estill Moore, Douglas Clay, Coleman' Renick, Marmaduke Brown,Harvey and Julian Rogers, JamesThompson, Cassiu3 Clay, John Stuart,Gordon rfiggins, Richard Stoll,Frazier Lebus and Julian Rogers, ofLexington.Shirts With C&llirs toMatch-A.-very.good -thing for-Xpn rig,,, hereyou'll 'find" an.'!elegant assortment?II$L50 and S2.?3. !DAV I S" CO .A Special Institution !NWith a .:ple capital and excellent equipment built up by25 years of successful bankingexperience, theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,in its Trust- Department offersyou its service at a very smallcost to act as Executors or Ad-Trustee or Guardian ; also in all ;Fiduciary Capacities.We will aid you-rmakinginvestments. 4. -.We will guard you against.I We will conserve your estatefor your children.We pay 3 per cent; on timedeposits.Capital St.ck (fully paid),100,000.00;Surpltrs and Undivided Profits(earned), f46.C00.00. vBourbon Bank Trust Co.,Haric HvCouch Bed, partly open showing the one motiopneeded to transform it to a bed.vThis is Undoubtedly the The Greatest Sanitary CouchEver Made. Wont You Come in and SeeThem Demonstrated?The new Spring styles in Go-Carts are now -on display -:My prices are right and so are the styles. The assortment isexhaustive. Get one and take baby out.New things-every day in Furniture, Rugs and Wall Decorationsat prices that saves you money. - tJ. T. Hinton.it7I4, i.rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 9, (912.v4n381Ji j1 IS55 ',' 4II ; ifr'fii ?h :77 M -r6 111 111Window ShadesLook muck better last longedBrenlin shades are the cheapest you can buy. True, they certa trifle more than ordinary shades at first, but they last ssrerstimes longer. For Brenlin is made of closely vroven doth iiJout the 4 filling" that makes other shades crack, wrinkle, fade andehow unsightly "pin holes." Brenlin Shades always hang straightend smooth, and really shade. Itisfalseeconomynottohavethem.1 BRENUM is made in many artistic tones and in BrenlinDuplex colored one side, white the other. Covaz in ana let U6Ehow you camples and quote prices.For Sale by J. T. HintonmTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentTHEN ASKED HIM HIS NAMENew Boarder Tells Table Neighbor HisInfallible Method in HandlingLandladies.!All the Latest Ideas inSPRIMG CLOTHIHGNow On DisplayLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.-The new boarder dropped in at dinner time and sat next to the onlyother man at the table. The newboarder thought it was up to him tobe affable and .friendly."I suppose you've boarded hee forsome time?" he asked the solitary individual. "Yes, quite awhile.""How is it, any good?""I find it pretty fair; I've no complaint to make." '"Landlady treat you decent?""Well, perhaps I ought to""Never mind, never mind," said thenew boarder. "I'm on. Did you evertry chucking her under the chin.That's always the way to get on withthese boarding-house landladies. I canalways get 'em on my side. Treatthese old dames nicely and I'll bet youcan live in the house a month andnever be asked for a dollar." "Watchmr rmA Vio-r Vio 'nrm ' -wTiPn Hhf rnmpaiXlC uuuu "v-j. "in. I'll bet that this time tomorrowshe'll be handlmg me the nest in theshop. Poor old girl! She looks asif she'd had her troubles. Probablymarried to Rome measly runt wKbnever did a day's work in his iiie.She earns the coin and be spends it.Watch me give her the real sympathy. Say, my name's Smith. Let'ssee. I didn't hear vours?""No I didn't mention my name itdoesn't matter much I'm merely thelandlady's husband."HAD NO TIME FOR SLUMMINGAfter Answering Impertinent and Supercilious Questions HostessHands London Lady a Jolt.Bovrbon Garage & Supply Co.VULCAN cK- PLOWSMa The Vulcan Plow Co.,'TRY THEVULCANWell Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Pries Second.Genuine Plows and Repairs for Sale Only by-Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyMMU Sc N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.No.341342971040373123326Trains ArriveFROM!Atlanta, Ga.. Daily 5?LamLexington, Ky., DailyCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday n 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '. .7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.5o amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily .9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amT-PTrino-n. Kv.. Dailv Except Sunday 12.00 am-25 Cvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday '.. 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. S.io pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville, Tenn. . Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily t 5.25 pm39 "Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday...: 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains ID e -part:No.- t034 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am- '29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday x... 8.20 am10 ' Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky. , Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily : iz.uo pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily ...3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.2.5 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pThe Rev. Sylvester Home, the notedliberal clergyman and member of parliament of. London, was talking at adinner about charity."The trouble with most charity," hesaid, "is that it is administered ingrudging, condescending spirit. Charity, to have any effect, must be administered in a spirit of absolute sympathy a spirit, I may also say, of absolute humility, 'Tb uplift, get underneath,' as the philosophic Ade wellsaid."There was once a London lady, thewife of a millionaire promoter, whodecided, being rather bored, to go infor charity. So she rang for her electric brougham and glided in a luxurious silence down to the New Cut."The lady selected the very worsthouse in the New Cut, and she paid acall of about half an hour on the poor,tired, underfed woman who livedthere. The questions she asked thiswoman were supercilious and impertinent. The lady had a very good time."But when she came to go, her hostess, whose cheeks were now unwontedly red, rather spoiled her goodtime by sayipg quietly:"Well, good-bye, madam. I don'tsuppose I'll see you again. The factis, I haven't time to go slumming myself.' "Washington Star.IF", cfc O-TI3XEE-TAB1L.IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Tran.s .A.rrrveNo. ' FROM-2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday .5.50 pm162 -Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only - 10.00 pmTrains DepartNo. TOIGl Prankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only , 7.10 am7Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday . ,9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday . 5.521amONEDROPdown t&e throat of a "srapey""chlclo destroys the wormsand saves the chick's life. Afew Jrops In the drinking waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESwai'e diarrhoea and otter chickdiseases. 1One 50c Bottle ofBpurbocPbultry Cure" - Makes 12 Gallons of Medicime.. try jMMrFair sIhwki eep i wnMe CHI JNWHI. ASK ilr-iicc uwm wHbt and ColdBATHS'Hot and coldj bathsf "Everything: neat and clean. Politebarbers- always ready to wait on thetrade. No long wait?.' You are next.M. A. KAHAL.In Shakespeares Time.Patron "No native productions onthe stage at all this year, "eh?" Elizabethan Manager 'No! We'd produceEnglish plays, but -we simply can't getthem! All the successes of the season have beenforeign-made plots thatBill Shakepare made over to.titiit.Queer Audience Views Comedy.A four-act comedy recently given bythe New York School for the Hard ofHearing, created a singularly weirdimpression amongst those presentwho were not familiar with lip reading and the sign language. Wordswere used, but they were not meantto be heard, for the players and mostof the audience were deaf. Cues andclever lines alike were read, notheard, and the lips of the silent speakers were the media. Even the handclapping, with which some of theaudience, unfamiliar with the conventions of the lipo-drama, were prompted to express their applause, was discouraged by the knowing ones, whoseemed to manifest their approval byan airy wave of the hand aloft. Inthe longer play presented, pity wastaken upon that portion of the audience which, though able to hear, wasso ill-equipped as not to be able toread the lips of the performers. Soin "Many a Slip 'Twixt the Girl andthe Lip" the lines were read outloud, even though they were notheard by any of the members of thecast.Saw His Opportunity."I told him there were dozens ofpeople right here in town who hadnever heard of him." "I guess thattook him down a peg or two." "Iguess it didn't'. He started right outto find them and borrow money."Houston Post.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route,"Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris i Lexington FrankfortDivision. .Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a.m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6 :30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as iaras Lexington.GEORGETOWN LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLE "Division.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nieholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 0 a. muntil 7 r. m. and at 9 and It p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nieholasville every thirty minutes alter tnehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p.m. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave JNicnoiasvuie ior jexm-s-ton and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:1s a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.CHICAGO, ILL, CINCINNATI, 0.,COLUMBUS, 0., CLEVELAND, 0.,DETROIT, MICH., TOLEDO, 0.,AND ALL POINTS NORTH.ATLANTA, GA., BIRMINGHAM, ALA., CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,DALLAS, TEX., - GALVESTON, TEX., JACKSONVILLE, FLA.,NEW ORLEANS, LA., KNOXVILLE, TENN., SHREVEP0RT, LA.,AND ALL POINTS SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.all po.nts North, East, South and West reachedVIA THE THROUGH CAR SERVICE OF THEQUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE.FOR FARES AND. ALL OTHER INFORMATION, CALL ON OR. WRITEH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St., - - LEXINGTON, Itf.W. A. BECKLER, General Passenger Agent, - - - - CINCINNATI.. OHIO.Wolves in Western New York.For the first time in many years apack of TvolTes has crossed the icefrom Canada near the eastern end ofLake Erie. They are reported to bein the neighborhood of Westfleld, N.Y., and are. traveling westward.The farmers are frightened andscores of hunters are reported to beout seeking to kill the wild animals.A land company owning the point between "Westfield and Dunkirk authorized the publication of a reward forthe destruction or capture of five largewolves that several of the farmersdescribed as having been seen attacking sheep, . farm dogs, cattle andhorses Connaught NeWB-Herald.,Watted Talent."Mrs. Wuppisey'te friends think shewould have toade a great actress ifhis had 'a'dopte'd "the stage as a profession." . "Well, they miay be right; ;Sheseems to he Very clever as & mimic.''"Yes, and "she hasn't a solitary mole'between the nape, 'ot her. ofe'ck "ani thefchiall of her back."'Learned His Elrr'or."So jou have fired .that Ved-headedoffice boy?" . r."Yes.-- .And. thatyoungste. thought"ailttietime . he ae, fireproo'fsificboy" - ' ... -T:New Spring Goods IATTWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and Main MGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Jbranirfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone 309.H Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyLow Round TripBATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points .-inr ' Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;New ""Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabafna; Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale ejeeep t to destinations in Florida, final limit Will be12 days from date of Bale. Liberalstopovets allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily lintrlApril 30, 1912. with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, GeorgiLouraana, New ' Mehcco and Texas,ith liberal -stoDoVers allowcrd.Vor further information, call on cvwrite - -W. H. HARIRIS, Agent.'. . -'or-. K.SMITH, A.Notice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,.Diarrhoea and all Diseases ot PoultryXOXE AS GOODNO CUBE, UO PArMxKatIe Bryant, Batdstown, Ky., ys: "I Havs used Recipe 4.-1 1 -44 f of years aad think it the bestpoultry remedy made. It-cures gapes and limbernecIcAvithout fail."Will Coomes, Bardttown. Ky., ays: "One drop of Recipe 4-11 -44 dropped down the bill pf a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive 1 have ever used."Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robu Cruipe, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLO BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.VJ-rTHE BOjLFRBQN NEWS, PARIS, jfeffTUeiBj 9,1912CORTRIGHTMETAL SHINGLESHOW TOmmimim liVil iii(iIii'(7For Sale by Miller &The Fastest!SonLocandaSired by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers;-dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. i Holder of world's pacing record, 1)4 miles, 3:15X.TERMS: $50 TOINSURE A LIVING FOAL.Peter BiIfiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son ofjPeter ThjGreat 2:07 , Zleading" sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a LivingFoal.(2) 2.19. . r of Black. Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:08, Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A.2:ll (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12J,Nedra W. 2:14K, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:lo, Wig Wag 2:16X, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.i$25jTo InsureTom 3VElo1sThe'celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. Tojnj'lack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal. 1 " IS2W. A. BACOfNI, Paris, Ky. fWoodland Stock Farm.Headquarters for Draft HorsesBLACK PRINCENo. 43710.$15 to Insure.BLACK PRINCE - Bought of theGreenville. Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. You can make nomistake in breeding to him.The above horses will make the season of 1912 at Woodland Stock FarmAbout 7 miles North ofjParis on the Cynthiana",pike.f Money due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent. Lienretained on all coltsuntil season'money is paid. Care taken to prevent accidents but no responsibility assumed should any occur.STERLING HINKS0N; Lair, Kentucky.OONSTANZA 44739Bay Stallion, 16.1 hands; 1,203 pounds.Sired by Constantine 2:12 1-2. ry?Sire of 60 in 2:30.1 dam Katherine Rogers. by Sentinel Wilkes 2499(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:08; rec, (Son of Geo. Wilkes 5192:14, Ashlawn, 2:24K. Joe Alverton2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:12 "2vdam Bertha Rogers by Pretender 1453 .dam op ' .' --' "Dorris Wilkes 2.14 . t, -" 'BedeliaB 2:14 'Pay Girl 2:12Grandam of 3 in 2:30 X ; - .3 dam Lela Sprague by Gvo. Sprague 2:20: , -. DAM OP " - - ' : :-Edna Simmons 2:124 '4 tBelle Sprague 2:20, trial 2:10 - -pGrandam of 3 in 2:30 - - .4 dam Constance . by Hamlet 160 " . ;D AM OP - V - - - jr' i -1 Brooklawn 2:18H """"'J - v2 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2:30 -V- -3 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:30 . -jrlh?.4 Winnie Constance, dam of Ethel - . ; . -V CRay 2:22 - ,5 Mudra, dam of Mudrjna2:26 " ' V6 Black Walnut, sire of 1. ' ' -: '76 dam by L. I. Black Hawk 24 : .CONSTANZA will make present season at Brooklawn Frm 2 miles eastfrom Hutchisoa Station 6 miles south from Paris on Bethlehem pike.$10 to Insure a Live Colt. .OABEBLACK JACK$10.00 to insure a live colt. Season money due wherrcolt comes alive.Mires transferred, parted with or removed from county.- Accidents of-eveiykind at owner's risk.S. D. BURBRIDGE; Hutchison, Ky. ,Lexington E.:Tenr..honei69S; A '.-- ;No Business Transacted on Sunday.KNOW THE GENUINELOOK FOR THE STAMP"CORTRIGHT" Reg. U. S. Pat. Off.and accept no substitute, if you want a roof thatwill last as long as the building, and never needrepairs never need attention of any kind, exceptan occasional coat of paint.3. Fire-proof Storm-proof Lightning-pro ofBest, Millersburg, Kyv,2:02of Allerton 2:09 Va Living Foal.tlBlack Percheron, Wt. 1760$1 5 to Insure,BURL EY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have provento beTjf the very best. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley,both uponthe farm and in the cities. They .canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years old, abeautiful black. He is 'well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe Lest price.' - - " '"C ';fRICKS PLAYED BY DYNAMITEDangerous Stuff to Handle at" AilTimes Accidents Often Resultof Carelessness. -"It is generally supposed that wheni .charge of dynamite has exploded it"s all over that the entire chargehas been consumed," said a "hardrock" man who has workejL-in mines,'n river tunnels and other placeshere high explosives are used. "Thissupposition, however, is not correct,"ie-continued. "Sometimes particlesof dynamite will be blown out withthe broken rock. Then it becomes amenace to the workmen. It is a favorite practice of men who are waiting or resting to sit on a pile of'muck,' as the broken rock is called,and to jab into it with a pick or acandlestick or some other steel thing,much the same as a Yankee will whittle while he talks or thinks. If thesteel strikes one-of these bits of dynamite that has not gone off, becausethe glycerine in it -has started, to runor because a fragment of it has beencrystalized, there will be an explosion.The chances are that not .one out ofthe group of men sitting around willescape injury."Another frequent cause of accidents is that sometimes when thedynamite explodes and- tears out therock a small quantity of 'it will beleft m the bottom of the drill hole,unaffected by the shock. If the drillhole that remains happens to bepointed in the right direction a lazydrill runner is likely to take advantage of it and start his new hole in theold one in order to make a record orsave timQ. The instant his drill commences to thud on the unexplodeddynamite it goes" off. The steel isdriven back through the barrel of themachine, wrecking it and usually killing the drill runner. This explainsmany mysterious deaths that havebeen attributed to 'missed shots."These accidents are more frequent inNew York, where more dynamite isused in building operations than anywhere else in the United States, because the men who handle the explosives there are not so well acquainted with its peculiarities as theyare in the mining camps."It Looks Easy.There were a couple of men on thecar who were abusing the rich in ageneral way, when the man in thecorner spoke up and said:"It's entirely your fault that you arenot rich men yourselves. If othershave taken advantage of the opportunities you have aeglected they arenot to be blamed.""Where in blazes have been our opportunities!" demanded one of thepair."Have you dug a hole in the groundand advertised it as an oil well?""No.""You might have made a millionapiece out of it. - Ever wash a bar ofbrass over and sell it for a gold,brick?""Of course not!""Ten thousand dollars a year aremade at it, and you run no risk whatever. It's a profession that is lookedup to these days. How about thegreen goods business?","Do you mean to insult us, sir!""Not at all. I'm simply showing youhow to get rich. Ever go into amerger?""No, sir.""Simplest thing in the world. Youmerge with the other feller and he hasnothing and you have it all after abit. An industrious man can lay thefoundation of a fortune by highwayrobbery, and if you divvy with a politician you are safer than winning atpoker in a mixed crowd. Gentlemen,all around you are golden opportunities awaiting you, and "But they had to leave the car atthat corner, and the rich man had nomore to say.Twins' Remarkable Resemblance.Solomon himself, in all his wisdomwould have been puzzled in givingjudgment in a case in a London (Eng.)suburban court the other day, involving the identity of twins. A youthnamed Ebenezer Albert Fox was summoned for entering land with a gunfor the purpose of taking pheasants.Ebenezer Albert, however, assertedthat there had been a mistake in identity, and that the real offender wasAlbert Ebenezer, his twin brother.The magistrate adjourned the case toestablish identity. Albert Ebenezer,when brought before the court, saidhis own father did not know himselfand his brother apart, and for yearstied a piece of blue ribbon on oneanda piece of red ribbon on the other, to know the differenceT AlbertEbenezer was fined $10, and EbenezerAlbert left the court without a stainon his character.Music Makes for Refinement.Music is a noble art; one which uplifts the sentiments and elevates themind. There are phases of it whichare calculated to amuse and entertain, as there are in the other arts.But the main tendency is for the better. It touches deep emotions and refines delicate shades of feeling. Theperson who loves good mu?ic is usually of a superior nature. Shakespearehas put it somewhat strongly when hesays: "The man that hath no musicin himself, nor is not mov'd with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils. . . .Let no such man be trusted." So thecultivation of good taste is as muchof a necessity on the part of theteacher as is the cultivation of the fingers. That this is being realized bythe majority of our best musicians isproved by the great advance made inthe pieces now jtaught over, those.taught twenty-five 'or thirtyyears ago.SHOE FOR LUCKONE OF THE OLDEST OF ALLKNOWN SUPERSTITIONSHad Its Origin in the Belief inWitches Steeds of the Greeksand Romans'Were Not ShodJapanese Use Sandals.It is not difficult to understand whylovers of horses came to adopt thehorseshoe as a talisman against misfortune. Horses were considered tobe' especially' liable to the machinations of witches. This fact stands outin all the records of the Lancashirewitches and other evil hags.If precautions were not taken thesemischievous witches would ride thehorses at dead of night over the hills,and when the owner came to the stables in the morning he would find hisanimals in lather and utterly exhausted. A horseshoe, fastened over thestable door was believed to ward offsuch evil.There is no superstition'more deeply ingrained in all classes of societythan that which is attached to thehorseshoe. As an emblem of goodfortune it holds pride of place. Nelson did not disdain to nail a horseshoe to the mast of the Victory. Inthe early part of the nineteenth century the horseshoe was very highlyprized, and there were few mansionswhere it was not displayed, whiiehumbler folks were at great pains tofasten it over their doors.Horses were not shod either by theGreeks or Romans. The ancients werecontent with wrapping fiber clothround the feet of their horses in coldweather, or when it was necessary topass through miry districts. Insteadof troubling about horseshoes they devoted their attention to hardening thehoofs of their mounts.Nero, who ever strove to outdistance his contemporaries, caused hishorse to be shod with silver, while hiswife's were resplendent with gold, butin no case were nails driven into thehoofs. The practice of shoeingTinrcocs V v rlrivincr naila l'ntn tVi -w J-ir-?awas introduced into England by William the Conqueror, but such practicedid not make any headway for centuries. The Indians, who had no superiorsas horsemen, never thought of shoeing their mounts in any way, and yetthey were capable of performing remarkable journeys over mostdifficultcountry. The . Sandown derby waswon by a horse running in a naturalstate. The race was run twice owingto the fact that three horses made adead heat on the first occasion. Priorto the second attempt the owner ofHarden gave orders for the lightplates to be removed from the hoofsof his nominee, with the result thatMarden gained a comfortable victoryby three lengths.Even at the present day in Japanthe modern horseshoe finds a strongcompetitor in the old-fashioned sandals made of straw which are fastenedto the horse's hoofs after the mannerof equine "cricket shoes."Shrinking Ev6s Apple.A curious tradition of the Talmudrelates that the "apple" of which Eveate was really a kernel of wheat,which in those days grew on a wonderful tree whose trunk glowed likegold, whose branches gleamed like silver, whose twigs, resplendent as precious coral, were covered with emeraldleaves, and bore globes of ivory thesize and shape of the egg of an ostrich. The story goes on to state that thehapless pair having gathered morethan they could eat, were conductedby the angel Gabriel beyond theboundaries of Paradise, and given theremaining fruits of their trespass withinstructions as tothe proper methodsof cultivating and using it. The paradisaical fruit has, however, neverthriven since its banishment fromEden, and in the days of the laterpatriarchs had shrunken to the size ofan egg, in Moses'-- time to the dimensions of a plum, and at the fall of theJewish sovereignty to the size of asmall grape, thereby practically asserting that the race has been eatingthe veritable fruit of the "tree ofknowledge of good and evil" ever'since. Charles Winslow Hall, in National Magazine.Electric Sparks in Cancer Treatment.Recently a French specialist, Dr. DeKeating Hart, has been demonstratingwhat is known as the fulgurationtreatment of cancer, effectually prevents the recurrence of this otherwisefatal disease. The theory of thetreatment is that after a malignant tumor has been removed the healthycells that surround it are made bysparks of extremely high static electricity incapable cf ever again beingable to harbor and promulgate cancerous germs. At a recent demonstration Doctor Hart stood with the conductor of his machine in his hand, andas each tumor was removed he applied his treatment, sparks of greatfineness but extreme brilliancy shooting from the instrument into the cavity made by the surgson's knife. Heexplained that-it had been discoveredthat these sparks were able so tochange the healthy cells upon whichthe cancer had grown as to rendertheir nature entirely different. Thisfact has been demonstrated by a microscopic examination, but, curiouslyenough, the sparks appear to have, noeffect whatever, upon - the diseasedcells themselves. The greatest .carehas "therefore 'to be -taken to insurethe -complete .extirpation of the cancer ;bef ore the treatment-is- applied.StyedbyHisWifeEhe's a wise woman who knowsjust what to do when h&c husband'slife is in danger, but Mrs. R.J. Flint,Braintree, Vt., is that kind. "She insisted on my using Dr. King's NewDiscovery,' ' writes Mr. Flint, "for adreadful cough when I was so weakmy friends all thought I had only ashort time to live, and it completelycured me." A quick cure for coughsand colds, it's the most safe and reliable remedy for many throat andlung troubles grip, bronchitis, croup,whooping cough, quinsy, tonsilitis,hemorrhages. A trial will covince you.50c & $1. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Her MotivePretty well ail the big things women do are done for: men, I believe.Foolish it may be, hut I suppose it'ihuman nature. We are made so, andmust put up with it Robert HfchenaA Log On the Trackof the fast express means serioustrouble ahead if not removed, so doesloss of apretf.te. It means lack of vitality, loss of strength and nerveweakness. Tf aDnetite fails. tak "Rlen-tric Bitters quickly to overcome thecause Dy toning up tne stomach andcurinsr the indigestion. Minhapl TJVaa-heimerof Lincoln. Neb., had beensick eve: three years but six bottlesof Electric Bitters nut him rio-hf. onhis feet asrain. Thfiv hav hplnorithousands. They give oure blood,strong nerves, good digestion. Onlyouc at UDeraorrer's.Revised Edition."Know thyself," is advice frequentlygiven, but if you want to maintainyour self-respect know as little. of thyself as possible.Saves Leg of Boy."It seemed that- my 14 ypar oldboy would have to lose his leg on account of an ugly ulcer, caused by abad bruise," wrote -JD. F. Howard,Aquone, N. C. "All "remedies andand doctors treatment failed till wetried Bucklen's Arnica Salve and cured him with one box." Cures burns,boils, skin ernptions. piles. 25c at Oberdorfer's. One Principle at the Bottom.-The principle of human brotherhoodhas been the secret of the power ofall -the great leaders and of all greatmovements.Fortunes in Faces.There's often muchtruthjin the saying "her face is her fortune," but icsnever said where pimples, skin eruptions, blotches or other blemishes disfigures it. Impure blood is back ofthem all and shows the need of Dr.King's New Life Pills. They promotehealth and beauty. Try them. 25c -atOberdorfer' s.Boy's Reward.Having pretty manners helps a littlegirl, but all a little boy gets out ofpretty manners is to have the otherboys call him "Sissy ."AtchisonGlobe.Ce Warned.It isn't safe to put much trust ina man who Is good merely becausehe expects his goodness to be noticed.Uncle Pennywise Says:A young man always wants to takehome the belle of the ball. Later inlife he is satisfied to take "home agood umbrella.Beware of Ointments for CatarrhThat Contain Mercury,a& mercury will surely destroy thesense'of smell and com Dlecely derangethe whole system when entering itthrough the mucous surfaces. Sucharticles should never be used excepton prescriptions from reputable physicians, as the damage they will dois tenfold to the good you can possibly derive from them. Hail's CatarrhCure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney& Co., Toledo, O., contains no mercury and is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucuoussurfaces of the system. In buyingHall's Catarrh Cure be sure you getthe genuine. It is taken internallyand made in Toledo, O., by F. J.Cheney & Co. Testimonials free.Sold by druggists, 7oc.per bottle.Take Hall's"Family Pills for constipation Bad" I suffered, during girlhood, from womanly weakness,"writes Mrs. Mollie Navy, of Walnut, N. C. "At last, I wasalmost bed-ridden, and had to give up. We had threedoctors. All the time, I was getting worse. I had badspells, that lasted from 7 to 28 days. In one week, after Igave Cardui a trial, I could eat, sleep, and joke, as well asanybody. In 8 weeks, I was well. A had been an invalidfor 5 weary years ! Cardui relieved me, when everything -elsefailed,"AKERDU IIf you are weak and ailing, think what it would mean,to you, to recover as quickly as Mrs. Navy did. For morethan 50 years, this purely vegetable, tonic remedy, for women,has been used by thousands of weak and ailing sufferers.They found it of real value in relieving their aches andpains. Why suffer longer? A remedy that has relievedand helped so many, ready, at the nearest drug store,, foruse, at oiice, by you. Try- it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chaltanccri ?'-dicnia Co., Chattanooga, Tcnn..lorSpccial Instructions; and 64-pagc bdok, " HonieXreatiuaat to$ Woaen," sent free. J 57.Tlie-NettietoJap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,expression of good ksense.We picture the Japl :Model in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy man- -forevery day wear.Geo. McWilliams.FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!vStrawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhu- , .barb, Roses, Peonies ariH- oPhfox every thing for theOrchard, Lawn and G,ar-den. Catalog free. N05 ;agents. -H. F. Hillenmeyer & SoisLexington, Kentucky ?One of the Many PopuiaShapes That We Are ShowingA. moderately priced one, too'-If you are looking for "Their".Hat you'll find it in our prej ;?ten handsome display of smarts"millinery. -We have made extra' effortsthis season to reach the idea of :every woman and feel confidentsof your securing a satisfactory .purchase here. .Mrs. CorneWatson Baird.SpellsTLWoman'sTonicTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, APRIL 9. 1912. . ," Convict, Makes Odd Request.A convict In the Auburn, N. Y., prison who lias 13 years yet to serve,asked the. warden for a time table. Inreply to the warden's question as towhy he wanted it, he said that hemight be able to identify the trainsas they pass through the station, andiinow what train to take when his timeis up. - 1Widowed on Wedding Day.To have been bachelor, marriedman and widower all in the space oftwelve hours was"" the unique buttragic experience of a young man inBelfast, Ireland, recently. Married InChrist church at noon, the bridegroomat midnight became a widower, forat that hour the bride died of anacute attack of appendicitis.iDAN COHEN!)1EASTERISLIPPERSWe are showing a great assortment of Spring Footwear; alarge variety of the richest andmost exclusive designs in footcovering ever put on display byany one firm. We have beenfortunate in securing a Springline of Shoes that forStyle, Comfortand Low Pricecan not be excelled. Many ofthese are of the best high-gradet makes and most beautiful styles.You will do well by looking theseover.Be Correctly Shod ForEaster and at a GreatSaving.special values This WeekLadies' Gun Metal, Patent and VelvetOxfords, Pumps and Shoes, LatestSpring Styles. Easter SpecialS2.49Ladies9 White Buck, Satin and GunMetal Pumps and Oxfords. EasterSpecialMen's Bench-made Spring Shoes andOxfords in Gun Metal, Tan and Patent Colt, $4.50 values. Easter Special,$3,49Misses' White Buck 2-sfcrap Pumps ofhigh-grade make, $3 values, sizes11 1 -2 to 2. Easter Special$1.99CiZMSSole Agents for the Walk-Over Shoes.Spring Styles Just Received.DA IN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. jMILLERSBURG ITEMS.rBourbon'Republicansfor Taft.InstructMr. Bert McClintoct ''was in Maysville Saturday.Mr. S. C. Carpenter was in LouisJville cm business Thursday and Friday.Mrs. Ralph Bonar and children of jFalmojth, are guests of her sister, iMrs. Jsse Wilson.Miss Lavjna Reynolds, of CaldwellCollege, Danville, was at home forthe Easter holidays.Mrs. Chas. Robertson was the guestof her daughter, Miss Nannie Robertson, at Paris Friday and Saturday.Dr. C. W. Mathers and Mr. H. C.McDaniel are attending the Commercial Conference now in session atNashville, Tenn.'Elder Thomas Smith will lecture on"No Place Like Home" at Christianchurch Tuesday evening, April 23, ateight o'clock. Admission 25 and 15cents. Dont' miss it.Quite a number of stallions andjacks were on the streets Saturdayafternoon. The crowd mighc havebeen larger had the show been betteradvertiseoas a fairly good crowd wasin town.Messrs. J. P. and Fred Auxier returned Friday from Joplin, Mo., wherethey spent the week looking into theestate of their grandfather, Mr. EliasDavis, lately deceased. 'I hey claimthat tha estate is good and they willreceive their interest.The Mutual Benefit Insurance Co.,of Newaik, N. J., paid Friday to theestate of the late F. F. Hurst the sumof $2,001.87. Mr. Hurst' was insuredin the company 65 days and hispremium in that time amounted to$1 87. This money would have beenpaid before now had there been anexecutor of the estate appointed eailier. This speaks well for the repress ita ives of the company, Messrs. J.B. Cray and S. M. Allen.The cadets of M. M. I. are arranging to put on "The Scouts of thePhillipines," a militnry play in threeacts, Monday evening, April 15, at M.M. I. drill hall. The cast is made upof about forty people. The M. M. 1.orchestra will furnish the music andthey have prepared a good program.The play is being drilled by Mrs. C.M. Best whose work is always goodaid this promises to be one of the bestpieces she has ever put on. Reservedseats 25 cents. Show starts at eightp. m.ELDER THOMAS SMITHwho will lecture on "No Place LikeHome" at the Christian Church inMillersburg Tuesday, April 23, at 8o'clock.Mrs. Mary J. L. Cray, aged about 70years, died Sunday .morning at thehome of her son, Mr. James B. Cray,of neuralgia of the heart. Mrs. Crayhad been in declining health for s'everal months and had frequent attacks ofneuralgia in the nasi few wppks ShpI mna fnlmn r,n, nnnl.. .11 1X7 J J!oa Lricu ocuuuaiy ui uu vveunesaayof last week .while spending a fewdays with her granddaughter, Mrs. J.B. Auxier. She suffered a severeattack and for a time it was thoughtby the faimly that she was sufferingfrom appolexy. Her physician said atthe time that any of these attackswould likely prove fatal, however onFriday she was able to be up andabout the house. Saturday she wasbrought home and seemed to feelespecially well Saturday afternoonand evening, when she sat in theramny room with her loved ones. Shesuffered no inconvenience during thenight but did not get up for breakfast.Her son, Mr. J. B. Cray, was in herroom early in the morning and soonobserved that she was not so well. Shecomplained of a pain in her side andat one time grew very weak but rallied. About 12 o'clock Mrs. J. ClarkeLeer, granddaughter of Mrs. Cray,entered the room to show her motherher Easter flowers. On opening thedoor she was startled to Encipher layingon the floor. Life was already ex-h'nntr- Mrs. Cray was one nf a large familyor cnuraen, the daughter of Mr. andMrs. Kader Hutchings. and her entirelife wan spent in Bourbon and Nicholas counties. She was born Mnv 1.1841, and was united in marriage inicsov to ivir. martin a. uray, the mostof her married life being spent ontheir farm on Brushy Fork. She wasthe mother of one son, Mr. JamesB. Cray, of Millersburs. with whomshe has resided for several years, herhusband having died in 1891. Earlyin life she united with the Christianchurch and was a devout Christian,taking an interest in all the affairs ofher church. She is also survived byone half sister, Mrs. Tompkins, ofCincinnati. Mrs. Cray was a lovablecharacter, one whom to know was toadmire and was always happy when inthe little circle of her immediatefamily, wliich consists of one snn, Mr.James B. Cray, two gianddaughters,Mesdair.es 3. P. Auxier and J. ClarkeLeer and two little grandsons, children of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Auxier.The funeral will take1 place Tuesdayafternoon at 3 o'clock, at Christianchur-ch by her pastor, Elder- ThomasSmith. Her pall bearers wiirbe six cfher nephews. Interment in Millersburg" cemetery. 'The Republicans of Bouibon countyin mass convention Saturday afternoonendorsed the administration of President William H. Taft, appointed delegates to vote for Richard C. Stoll andJames Cureton for delegates to represent the district in the National Republican Convention ;to be held inChicago and also instructed the Bourbon delegation to cast its vote fur William 0. Lradley, James A. Breathittand William Cochran for delegatesfrom the State at large.The Taft forces were out in largenumbers headed by a brass band.greatly overwhelming the opposingfaction and it was evident at the beginning that the Taft men would control the convention, which was held infront of the opera house. In additionto instructing the delegates in the racefor President the convention elected acounty chairman and secretary for theensuing four years and also namedprecinct committeemen. Mr. StampsMoore was selected to succeed Mr.George W. Stuart as chairman, whileW, A. Thomasori was chosen as secretary. The convention was called to orderat 1 :30 o'clock by County ChairmanGeorge W. Stuart, from the balcony inthe front of the opera house. Hestated the purpose of the meeting andcalled for nominations for temporarychairman.in which the test of strengthcentered. A. B. Tomason, of NortMiddletown, was placed in nominationby the Taft adherent and George W.Wilder was nominated by the Rooseveltfaction.Cairman Stuart appointed C. 0.Wilmot, W. A. Thomason, John M.Brennan and M. R. Jacoby as ttllersto count the vote which resulted inThomaaon's election to the temporarychairmanship by a vote of 582 to 327.Fully two hundred men on the Taftside were not counted after-it becameevident the Roosevelt forces were defeated. W. C. Crawford, a negro, waselected as secretary of the convention.DEATHS.C Mr. James Meng, aged 24 years,died Saturday morning at 11 o'clockat the home of his parents at NorthMiddletown, this county, after an illness of two years. He had been to''ahfornia, New Mexico and otherparts of this country in search ofhealth, but returned to his home onlyabout ten days ago.The funeral was held Monday afternoon at two o'clock at the reisdenceof his parents, Mr. and Mrs. CharlesMeng. Services by Elder Ligon, pastor of the Middletown Christianchurch. The pallbearers were thefollowing young men who were companions of the deceased: ThomasJones, Logan Bryan, John WillieJones, William Collins, Hiram Redmonand Tollie Young.Mr. Meng is survived by his parents, to whom his death is a crushingblow, and one sister,Mra. Mallie MengBacon, at Lowell, Mass., and threebrothers, Messrs. Chas. Meng. ofDallas, Texas, Calvert and WalterMeng, of Middletown. The burial willtook place in the Middletwon cemetery. After an illness of about threeweeks Mrs Ed. Sparks died at herhome on the Clintonville pike, nearthis city, Thursday evening.Several weeks ago. Mrs. 'Sparks,accopmanied by her hubsand, visited ahealth resort in Indiana, and whilethere she developed eresipelas in amild form, unaware of the nature ofher ailment, which the attendingphysicians failed to state. Mrs.Sparks remained several days longerand until a phyiscian, also a patientat the resort, advised her to returnhome.Mrs. Sparks returned about toweeks ago and complications arisingshe declined rapidly and for severaldays her death was momentarily expected. Mrs. Sparks was aged about fiftytwo years.. Before marriage she wasMiss Ella Wills, of Indian Fields,Clark county, andjwas reared by hergrandmother, Mrs. Watts, who is living at the advancei age of one hundred years.Shortly after her marriage to Mr.Sparks they moved to TetfTas, wherethey engaged sxtenisvely in the cattlebusiness returning to Kentucky abouteighteen years ago, purchasing a farmon the Clintonville pike where theyhave since reisded.She is survived by her husband andone daughter, Mrs. Idella Sparkst.ice.The funeral was held Saturdayafternoon at 2 o'clock at the familyresidence. Services by ElderJ. T.Sharrard. Burial in Paris cemetery.Active pallbearers : Messrs. LetcherWeathers, Charlton Allexander, B. A.Frank, Geo. K. Bell, David Wilsonand W. G. McClintock. Honorary pallbearers, Messrs. George Alexander,H. S. Caywood, D. W. Peed, J. W.Davis, Edward Turner and Dr, M. H.Dailey.Woman's Costly Fit of Temper..In a fit of temper, during a heateddiscussion with her brother recently,a farmer's daughter, of Plouvorn,Brest, Northern France, cut , off herriglit hand.Twenty-Five Beautiful Lots.Twenty-nV beautiful building Iotawill be thrown on the market at public auction shortly in the old fairground addition. The date will be announced later. Watch for the advertisement. JOHN Si JONES.Bison Practically Wiped Out.How effectually the bison has beenexterminated may be seen from thefact that a fine head lent by Idahopeople for the land show at St. Paulis insured for $2,000. One used tocost a morning gallop and a ball froma big pistol.But Th-.y Think They Could.About one man in a hundred canstand prosperity. The other 99 neverhave a chance to find out whether theycan or notTo Whom It May Concern.' It was the new janitor in the apartment house where the Browns livewho tacked up the following subtlenotice inside the dumbwaiter. It washand painted, every S being a capitaland carefully turned backward: "Youmust not put nothing on the dumwater you can put bottles on win Icall for the gabbig I know who put iton."Those Were Happy Days.A well-known Bostonian recentlyfound in his trunk an old diary withthe entry: "August 10, 1887. Wentto the railroad station to see my sisteroff, and by some chance Harry Blankwas there to see his sister off, and In.the rush and noise and confusion wegot mixed and I hugged his sister and.he hugged mine." Boston Transcript.How is This For a Record of Banking ?List of Dividends Paid in .the Past 33 Years:1878.1878.1879.1879.1880.1880.1881.1881.1882.1882.1883.1883.1884.1884.1885.1885.1886.1886.1887.1887.1888.1888.1889.1889.1890.1890.1891.1891.1892.1892.1893.1893.1894.1894..$4,000. 4,000. 3,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 4,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 5,000. 7,000. 6.000. 6,000. 6,009. 6,000. 6,000. 6,0001895. . .1895....1896....1896. . .1897. . -1897r..1898. . .1898. . .1899...1899. . .1900...1900. .1901. . .1901...1902...1902. , .1903. . .1903. . .1904. . .1904. . .1905. . .1905...1906. . .1906...1907. . .1907...1908.-.1908. . .1909. . .1910. . .1010. . .1911. . .1911. . .6,0006,0006,000B.OOO5,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005J)0C5,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005.0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,0005,000Dividends in 33 Years $232,000.00The above is not the result of an accident, but is the result ofsane, legitimate banking.H flgriculturl Bank of Paris.Capital Surplus " - Protection$ 1 00,00.00 $67,500.00 $267,500.00Evil of Modern llfe.There is justification for the unrestof today, for multitudes xf peoplespend their time in making a livingand never having time to live..Howard lnsko, aged 18 years, whoran away from home on Wednesday, oflast week, was taken by the police ofIndianapolis, Ind., and returned to hishome Sunday by his brother, Leelnsko. Young lnsko, in company withWm. Case, of Millersburg, left lastWednesday going by way of Maysville. The police of the city werenotified but the young runaways eluded the officers, who telegraphed toIndianapolis as the boys had previously made their destination known.When they alighted from the trainthey were taken into custody and relatives of the lnsko boy notified. Casewas discharged as there was no complaint against him. Marshall Joe Williama was notified and Lee Inkso wentto Indanapolis-, returning with hisbrother.. .1 H. Josselson, II he Popular Price Shoe Store of This BurgTry Our $7.50, $10.00, $12.50 End $15.00 Suits.Try us and be convinced We also carry thegreatest line of Shoes in this city. We represent the largest Shoe companies in theworld.Peter's Diamond Brand T wSelz Royal Blue Slif 1Reed's Cushion SoleL71 5-71 7 Main Street, Paris, Ky.THE DAWN31 mi mm m mm .,0 y v'tandardAdv-Co'1 TTS?011! START AN ACCOUNT IN THISJAJNil-this day marks the birth of your7 SJJCCe:s- It only remains for you to add to. J .vw. JfVLL LU HtLjBt9 day by day7 and each new day will find von Rrfinor,er in character and possessing a determination tosucceed.United States Depository for Postal Savij gs. 'We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings acccuatsmmm -mm nf par ?1Capita! $100?000 Surplus S30.000