Jl". . ' ?kTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1912?frIIi-&SsS5J-M-LPl IUUUUI IOn AllLOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also LadiesPumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301The Shoe Manmm$&.MOT WEATHERSPECIALSBoiled Ham ,Minced HamDriad BeefBolognaImported Sviss CheeseBrick CheesePimento CheeseNew York CheeseWater Melons andCantaloupes on Ice,6BLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-f b Sack 80c50-f b Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234as(its(UswWwJ2Appalling Graft System Alleged.A news dispatch from FrankfortWednesday was as follows:"Sunerintendent of Public Instruction Barksdale Haralett stated todaythat several more cases of paddedschool censuses have been unearthed'inthe Dast few davs and that the dis-covery has saved the State over 200,-000 already.."He says he believes the totalamount that ultimately will be savedwill reach 5500,000Prof. Hamlett says the investigation of the school census of fraudshas developed the fact that dead people, unborn children and peoDle livingin other States and foreign countrieshave been put on the Bchool censusreturns."He will take steps at once to puteach case before the grand jury in thecounty where the padding was doneand the guilty parties will be vigorously prosecuted and sent to the penitentiary, if possible."The school censuses of a number ofcities and counties are being investigated now and further frauds are expected to develope"Michael's Band at Fair.Michael's Celebrated Concert Bandwill be one of the features of theBourbon County Fair, September 3-7.Miss Hammann, soloist, who delighted the crowds here last year will occupy a prominent place on the dailyprogram.Work On Hospital Begins,The Danville Construction Co.. whichrecently secured the contract tor remodeling of the old G. G. White property in White Addition which will beusedjfor the Massie Memorial HospitalMonday began work, with a largeforce of men. The remodeling of thebuilding will be"pushed with all hasteand it is expected it will be completedand ready fur occupancy within fourmonths.County Board to Meet MondayThe Bourbon County Board ot Education will meet Monday, September2. at 10 a. m., in the office of theCounty Superintendent. Miss MabelRobbins.n"WE KNOW HOW"?Colt Stake Opening Day.The colt stake will be the teatureof the opening dav of the BourbonFair, September 3-7, and is expectedto bring out a large number of entries.Foundation Hall Completed.The contractors for the foundationof the building for the Bourbon Tobacco Wauehouse (Jo , m tJarns Audition have completed about one-halfthe work and are now tilling m against;that part that has been completed,grading from the higher points on thesite. As soon as the remainder of thefoundation is completed the contractors will lay the concrete floors overthe entire area to be covered by thebuilding. The lumber contractorshave unloaded several cars of heavytimbers and it is soid fully fifteen carsof this material will be required tocomplete the immense structure, although the outside walls will be constructed of brick.w.The "Who-Made-Them-For-you"Kind of Clothes .'.-They excite the flatteringcomment of your friendsthe homage men pay to styleand fit.Our Clothes have thativw look the expensive tailorv look and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.Particularly seasonablestyles for fall wear. Tryon to-day.ttMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis, KentuckyI($ELIiJtfag1FALL DISPLAY OFWOOLENS,000 Samples to Select From. HijSalts To Order15 to iInsure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Maccabees to Hold Festival.The local organization of the Maccabees will hold a fall festival in thiscity for one week, commencing September 23. A contract has been closedwith the Greater Krause Shows to furnish the attractions.The Greater Krause Shows comehighly recommended. The Meadville,Pa.. Daily News says it is by far thebest carnival ever shown in that citv,and emphasizes the fact that everyone of the attractions are meritoriousand clean.A daily Jballoon ascension and ninetyfoot high dive, by a young lady, willbe two of the special features.Mr. R. S. Porter, ot Pans, has beenengaged as advertising manager, anda scientific advertising of this and allof the neighboring counties will bestarted at once.E3iiiiimiiiiiiiHiiiiiniin ciii 1 1 ill Tim ii ii iiiiii ii in in mi 1 1 niiiiiiii i in i in in linn in mi! li iiuMiiuiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiii lir a(FRANK & COS 1The Store Where Reliability Reigns. f7-A?mWM1 w i'pA4ifm?r.S57MW$kTmmM$mmas?.Fit and WorkmanshipGuaranteed Lining wearsotat cfitsrlng year relisiedFRE.1-3 Off on all Panamasand Straw Hats,PRICE k GO. GiotDienand FurnishersillCi)JrXrfimmn&&Terry Property at Auction.On Saturday, Sept. 14, 1912, at 2 p.m., on the piemises, we will sell forJ. S. Terry his property located J.onVine street, Paris, Ky. The proper tvconsistsof a lot G3x248 feet, with acottage" uf 5 rooms, hall, pantry,presses, 2 porches, cistern, coal house,hen house, shade trees, large gardenand poultry yard. Thisjsla very desirable and convenient "home. Termsliberal.HARRIS & SPEAKES.Being Remodeled.Contracts have been let for the remodeling of the pld Comet Theaterin the Odd Fellovrs' building at t: ecorner of Fifth and Main streets. Thespecifications call for a new front andcomplete ventilating system. Alsonew chairs are to replace the old onesnow in use. When this theatre is complete il will be one of themost modernand up-to-date picture houses in theState.The management will run two andpossibly three pictures daily. It istheir intention to use' the UniversalFilm'Service, thus assuring the public that they will spe the best to behad from the independent film manufacturers. Another feature of thenew theatre is that they will followthe custom throughout the country andwilljiave an admission fee of only 'fivecents.The theatre is to be Trenamed andwll be opened about Sepember 15.Final Clean-Up SaleOF32$?&$v-:IS&&mLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now $ 9.9815.00 LdLes' Suits, now 5.0035.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 7.5025.00 Lingerie Dresses, now '. 1 5.0020.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 9.9815.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 7.75 -10.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 4.9830.00 Silk Dresses, now ,..: 15.0025.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 2.50 'v 20.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 O.OO10.00 Linen Dresses, now '. 4.987.50 Linen Dresses, now 3.985.00 Linen Dresses, now 2.98Other Ready-tO"Wear Garments Reduced in- . - Price - - -gjs4.kFRANK & C9Paris,Kentucky1 TmIiiiiiruuuniimEixwiiirnnjnniiiiHiiiirajnLmiiiiiiimiiiiiHiim.- -F0- .)tv "Afc J"itas,THE BOURBONNEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 30 1912'.v .Sf fttVtt.VifIf fetrif J5 : I1 Inrjt ti ,J'lfIk.ti) 'I a s.i ni t ia"Sf yIf" r .', r 'tv ;- 11 Nil' Jitelf MS3fetfte lariciilttir!Capital:$100,00.00Surplus$673500.00AW2lg&&SWhy Yon Take No ChancesThe Studebaker name for sixty yearshas been a guarantee of quality. It eliminates the slightect element of chance inyour purchase of an automobile.Every part of a Studebaker car ismade in our own plants. We analyze andabsolutely know the materials which gointo our cars. Oar guarantee is good.75,000 Studebaker cars are on theroad and every owner will tell 2"ou thata Studebaker car always makes good.We know that the Studebaker(Flanders) "20" at $800 b equal in material and workmanship to any car builtand the price is within your reach.Ready for immediate delivery.sffmv :-rV-TiT.- ?- -!--H --west ' i"The $800 Studebaker (Flanders) -20"Price, Standard Equipped, S300 f. - h. Detroit.Equipped as above, with Too, Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tankand Speedometer, $335.Ask our dealer for the nezs Studebaker art catalogue or send to us for itThe Studebaker Corporation Detroit, MichiganHEW - BARBER - SHOPModern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDNotice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administiator, --PlaintiffVs. Notice.His Heirs, - DefendantsAll person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to nresent' ihesame, nroven, as rcquiied by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky.AlI claims not presented by September 1. 3912. will be baired.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything: neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits.. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Bank of ParlsProtection$307,500.00lOSEawSSfeY' cmh&. s- r auProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiIiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.ilcom 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARTS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 5l IIUUIB J.OO.R"!"" 0leK. A. H' KELIiER,Practicing Physician.Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - - - KentuckySpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forprices'RANSFER...,Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies.tfTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 1S81 30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2. 00 -Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for 'first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; leading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mati er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President.HON. W00UR0W WILSON,- ot New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,ot Indiana.For Congress, 8$HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.Sugar Tax.The price of sugar is rot to be reduced two cents a pound, at least notas long as the present Republican Senate and President remain in businessin Washington.'Ihe Democratic House of Representatives, it will be recalled, pasted abill placirg sugar on tne free list. Itwas estimated this would reduce theprice tapDtOAimatsly two cents apound. Ancther bill was passed placing a slight tax en inomeb in oxcessof $5,000. This would have meant, ina few words, a transfer cf a small poition of the burden of taxation fromthe breakfast tablp to' wealth. Thecornoiation-eontiolled Senate has objection to this progiam, and both billswill die with the session.The Democratic piogram of substituting a tax on wealth tor the tax onsugar was class legislaton, the standpatters and protectionists cried out inchorus. They were nertr hesid tocomplain, however, cf the exibtingclass legislation which permits the burden of federal taxation to fall entirelyon the shoulders of the masses, taxingthe average man, woman and child onevery stitch of clothing thev wear andeverything else they must have in order to live, while permitting fortunesto go untaxed.The masses of the people producethe wealth, and by legislative advantage a few get possesison of it.and now those few object, and haveprevented, the transfer to wealth ofeven the small amount of taxation derived from the tariff on sugar, whichis but one of more than 500 things onwhich the consumers pay a tax. Theywould prefer that the government continue to tax sugar instead of wealth,because they eat no more sugar thanthe section hand on the railroad or theworker in the mill and therefore underthe present system of protection arecompelled to pay a greater tax to thefederal government than does thepoorest' man.If a fiscal system which requires amillionaire to pay no more tax to thenational government than the sectionhend or the mill-worker is fair and justthere is no need of reform ; but ii sucha system 13 unjust, the income tax andfree sugar bills were moves in theright directionsThe aveiage citizen of this countryeats 80 pounds ot.sugar a year. A saving of 2 cents a pound would havemeant $1.60 per person a year, or asaving of SS to a lamily of five.Because ofjthe obstructionists in theSenate, however, thiB asving js not tobe. The people rnst go on paying anartificial price for sugar so that thepoor old sugar trust shall not want fordividends on its watered stock, whilethe millionaires need not bother aboutpaj ing a single penny of taxation ontheir wealth for the support of thegovernment. Perhaps some day itwill be different. But it will not beuntil a Democrntic Senate and President is elected to co-operate with aHouseof Repiescntatives that is reallytryng to leDreent the will of the people of this country.Negro Population Decreasing.The nergo population of Kentuckydecreased in the twentv years from1890 to 1910 from 268,071 to 261.656,and the number of mulattoes amongthe negroes increased in that time from51,986 to 65,943. 5S&The Census Bureau, in a statementon the proportion of mulattoes amongthe negro populaion of the UnitedStates, shows that the percentage ofmulattoes among the negroes of Ken"tucky increased from 19.4 per cent, in1890 to 25.2 per cent, in 1910. Thestatement shows further that in 1870the total negro population or Kentuckywas 222,210, of whom 44,711, or 20.1per cent, were mulattoes. giCaleb's Dope.Caleb Powers, who is facing certaindefeat in his race for reelection to Congress in the Eleventh district on theRepublican ticket, is out in another"whine", addressed to the voters ofthe district, in which he is trying therather difficult feat of riding the elephant and Bull Moose at the sametime. Powers however, has the rightdope when he says : "Neither Roosevelt or Taft wili get a single electoralvote in this State not one. With theRepublican paity split as it is everysane man knows "thah this State willgo laruely Democratic. " Referringtojjthe chaos in the Eleventh district,Fower3 again shows his "nut" is working in the right channel when he says:' As a result of this divisoin in thejReoublcan ranks, the Democratc partywill elect the county officers in half ofthe countes of the district."Commissioner Ward on the Job.Exceutive Agent J. Quincy Ward,ofjthe Fish and Came Commission, andGame Wardens Hueh Jenkins, ofFranklin; A. C. Shott, of Henry, andH .T. Huffman, of Harrison, havejust finished a raid on Kentucky Riverfishermen from Frankfort to itsmouth. Jand confiscated so manv netsthat it was necessary for them tocharter a towboat to carry their pluner back to Frankfort, No arrests weremade, but the sheriff of each county inwhich the nets were found wiil servethe warrants. sExecutive Agent Ward said that ifthey had taken all the nets they passedthey would have been unaple to handlethem all, The raid is the first of anumber planned. It is the intentionof the commission to break up entirelythe wholesale taking of fish by professionals from Kentucky rivers.Genuine Belgian Charity.Around a hut where, according totradition, a young -Irish princess wasmurdered, grew- up the present townof Gheel, in Belgium, which becameknown as "the colony of the crazed."At first a temple in memory of theprincess was erected and later it became a refuge for the "sick in mind."The remarkable thing about this Belgian town is that the residents acceptpatients in their own homes so thatthey may enjoy the beneficial effectsof domestic and social intercourse.Blamed a Good Worker."I blamed my heart for seveie distress in mv iefc side for two years,"writes W. Evans. Danville, Va., "butrow I know it was indigeston is Dr.King's New Life Pills completely cured me." Best for stomach, liver ai.'lkidney troubles, constination, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer's.When Disraeli Faltered.Disraeli was speaking in support ofLiord Lytton's motion condemning theevacuation of Kandahar. "My lords,"he said, "the key of India is not Merv,or Herat, or" here came a long pause,and rather painful anxiety in the audience, and then the quiet resumptionof the thread "It is not the place ofwhich I cannot recall the name thekey of India is London " One LookBack, by the Rt Hon. G. W. E. Russell. Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed forholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, astar as reported. Officers of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Elizabethtown September 3, threedavs.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsvilie Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.Bardstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdays.SandersTri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3, four days.Louisville State Fan Sept. 9; sixdavs.Melbourne SeDtember 17, five days.Horse Gave September 18, fourdavsefficiency depends uponyour condition.Scott's Emulsion builds,strengthens and sustainsrobUSt health. All Druggists.ctt a Ttowiii?. Rloomfield. N. J 12-8LvHfcrW.g5iV-Ur10 itie People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call.Easfc Tenn, Phone 374Nature's laws .arc Dsrfect if only we obey them, bat disease follows discbedirace. Go straight to N.iture ior the cure, to the forest; there are mysteries there,some of which vsfc can fathom for 'you. Take the bark of the Wild-cherry tree,Siilh mandrake root, Orcgoi grope root, stone root, queen's root, bloodroot andgolden seal root, make a scientific, glyceric extract of them, with Just the rightproportions, and ou haveDOCTOR PACE'S aLBEM SVSSD8CAL &SSSOYERY.It took Dr. Pierce, ith the assistance or two learned chemists and pharmaC. W. Pawlzy, Esq.CORTRIGHT- MFTAT;.vY&MARE FIREPROOFSlorm-proof, too, because they interlock and overlap in such a way that thefinest driving show or rain cannot silt under them.Best roof for country buildings, because they're safe from all the elements.7 They'll last as long as the building, and never need repairs.for Sale by Miller & Best, Miilersburg, Ky.New Fall Suits ArrivingA "4,j -1- '- JStMLOSS BROS 6 CO I a'" i'" Jftoe CUttes Hker 'TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstinc, Proprietor.K) 9SSS53(&c!S2l'S&;S3&2aS),S3HWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn'tffWNow is the time toOilPARImf aBpife-Thrifta !!III!rtQ&gSsStjsaSitfgumberlana telephone ml Ctfegrapfc gompuiyIITC OBP OB ATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the OuinberlanclBourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, Norfh Middletown, Littler Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service 2T0UJHAVE telephone service," "Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyllNCOSPORATED,,cists, many months of hard work experimenting to perfectthis vegetable alterative and tonic extract cf the greatestcfucisacy.IMij. C.TT. Patiet, of T.Iiilvlile, Cai if. .writes: '-I wishto tell you that I hae need 3 our ' Golden ilcdical Discovery in my family for twenty years. Tc have had 2.doctor called in but once during that time. I have a familyof ten children, all well and hearty, for which, to a greaiextent, wc owe thanks' to you and your' Golden MedicalDiscovery ' and ' Pellets,' which W3 use when sick."Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigoratestomach, liver and bowels. Sugar-coated, tiny granules.SHfWGLFSJIL" -",-DailySchloss Bros., Sc Co.,Baltimore, Mid.,Hand Made SuitsAre Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, J:heprices very reasonable, $15 to 25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .$10, $12.50 and S15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes and Irvin Bros. : Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.try a load.Y.SZ233&szs& Denton:l&-,fvrSr f1 1 '" v?KwIS'TTHE BOURBON. NEWS, PAFtfS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 30, 1912aHwKapp' the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's tonic!Cardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable!It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas pured thousands. It should do the same for you.TAKEU IMrs. Mary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today!Write to: Ladles' Advisory Dcpt, Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga, Tennfor Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "Home Treatment for Women," sentfree. J 55L. N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT J AX 14, 1911. AT 11:53P. M.Tren.s -A.rri.T7-eNo. FROM34 Atlanta, Gau, Daily , 5 21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am2971040373123326259138385393083231Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am ,iwwiwtu, -y ., iPUAiy aiixcopt ounaay t.oo amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. 8.12 amCincinnati , O., Dcily , 9.50 am .Maysville, Ky., Daily Esoept Sunday 10.20 am)Lexington, Ky Daily 10.15 am!Cincinnati, -Q., Daily .... .10.24 am jLexington, Ky,, Daily Except Sunday , 12.00 am-Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Esreept Sunday 3.10 pro iMayerille, Ky, Daily Eseept Sunday .. . 3. lo pn:Lexbatgton, Ky., Daily 3.34 pmKnoxsille. 'enn. . Daily 3.25 pm jMayerille, Kv,, Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, -O , 3aily Esoept Sunday .3.40 pmLexington, KyM Daily (i,U3 pmLouvsrille & 'Faaaikf ort, fEaily Except Sundcy .0.03 armJacksonville. 3?Ua., Daily - 6 05 -pmCiiacaa-nafi, 0-,5aily 10:50 pmTrairisNo.844294010137373313362625TOCsiiccsiRarK. 'Qu, Daily 5:28 amMayesrflle, .Ky..., Daily 3fecept Sunday 5.35 .amLesarngfcm., Ky, -Daily -Ercept Sunday 7,47 arsOincdnnati, O., aily'rEseept Sunday - ......S.20 an:Maysville, Ky.,, Daily Bacept Sunday ,,8.20 araLesringfean, Ky, Daily.. ,9.57 amKtiocEsrille, Tenn., Daily.- .. . .'9,00 -aaJacksonville, 'Fhs.. , Daily.., -,,10:24 am-Lexington, Ky., Daily ' 10.27 .anaMaysville, K., QBtaily ,,12:05 0vnHrMBnn FT.v JTIjttI.v fPrnPrif- Knnfljtv 19 0-1 sirsLescffifiton. Kw..., Daily Except Sunday. ....",",." ." ,-3.b4 .ma3 Cincinnati, Q Daily 3.4o raa j9 Rowland, Ky., ailv -Except Sunday 552 pra j39328303113Lexington, Ky... Daily iBaeept Sunday 5.57 pna-Htim W.. n . vkaiW. 71,-, msjrn.TTT?rwa TrTr nrxnv i?.viViV!siinriav'' . ir,, 1Cynthiana, Ky., aily TSacept Sunday G.2o pm jtUJU.., Ji..i.ill ...-.WU """""J .....-- -..-..iu.ui I(Lexington, K.., DailyAitlarrta, Ga., DaKyIB dte O- TCI3E!-,T,j3L::i3XjiESIl'T EFFECT OCTOBER. . G911.No. FROM2 Fraafcfort, iKy., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 arc4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , ,3.40 spm5 Loucsrille a& Frankfort, Daiiy Except Sunday 5.50 Dm162 Louisville '& Frankfort, Sunday Only .0.01) pmTrains XDepa,rtNo. TO361 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Dailv Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.52 am'MICHEUNJ? u - V lllIff Easiest to .;. gjppI St on any lfgi1 Q. D. Clincher fMWk Rim WJust as superior to other tiresas Mickelin Red Inner Tubes are toother tubesIN STOCK BYYerkes & PrichardCor. Pleasant and High.appy!piWortiarfsTonlcDepart, 10.5o ipra- -'10.57 pQuickClincher1 j.j Shocking Soundsin the earth are sometimes heard before a terrible earthquake, that warnof thecomincr peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needattention. If you ould escape thosedangerous maladies, Dronsy, Diabetes' or Bright s disease take Eleciric Biti ters at once and see backache fly andall your best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Eondy, South Rockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine." Try it. ,50 cents atObsrdrler's.Lilacs and Lilacs!j Mr. Cliffe "By George! When weget into our suburban home I'm goingto grow lilacs." Mrs. Cliffe "Don'tdo it, Henry. I like you much bettersmooth, shaved."$100 Reward $100.The renders of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cureis the only positive cure now known tothe medical fraternit. Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires aconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. Theoroprietors have so much faith in itscurative Dowers that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Atsdress P. J. CHENEY f&CO., Toledo. Ohio.Sold bv all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation. The Ear-Mark.Hans was summoned t court toadentify a stolen hog. On being askedil the hog had any ear-marks, he replied: "The only ear-marS:s dat I sawvas dat. his tail vas cut oS."A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stomach fails to perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets is all yoa need. Thevwill strencthen your digestion, invigorate your liver, an iregulate yourbowels, entirely doine: away withthat miserable teeling due to faulty digestion. Try it. Macy others havebeen permanently cure why not you?For sale bv al dealers.With an Eye to Ecnomy.Lawyer (to wife) Well if you aredetermined to sue for divorce, at leastlet us keep dawn the expense as muchas possible. I will aat as your counsel. Life.He Won't Ump Now.. No more lamping for Tom Moore,0I oenran. ua., 4 nan a Daa soreon my instep 1 hat nothing seemed tn"e p ", '.- .l.'u- Arnicakalve." he writer "but this wonder-ful healer semi cured me." Heals old, ,runmnc sores, ulcers, boils, burns.cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberdofer's.Prcflf arrti sfcrnow.I pray you -with aJIl -earnestness toprove, and kaow -within your hearts,that all things are possible for those"who believe in tire lpossibilities andwho determine that, "for their part,xhey will make every -day's work contribute to theai. John -Ruskin."I was cured of diarrhoea bv one-dose of Chamberlain's -Colic. Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.vdebhardt. Orioie, Pa. Forsaje'by alldealers.Nature Khvd to the Giraffe.Besides its ioi2 neck, -the giraffe hasa useful tongue, TThieh can be greatlyfelengated, and minis state can be coil?e'd around brant'neG for ?the purposedf .drawing them down.Mr. W. S. Gunsates. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., Eavs he has usenGharnJberlain's Colic, Cholena and Diarrrhcea Remedy in his'lVmily for fifteen years' and that he has tfound it to !be an excellent remedy and takes But certainly no woman in our housepleasure in recommeiKiing it. For sale ' ho,d nas or evcr win sraoke. Quitebv all dealers apart frons tne bad taste of Jt- 1 eeve, with you thet it has an extremely injuri-ous effect os -.the nerves.lHawaii Free From Pests.No snakes or poisonous reptiles of Ieny "kind have ever been fotmfl ton the 'islands tot Hawaii, and it is againstthe law 'to introduce them. Not -evenmquit083 were found there till .brought 'by a ship from Mexico, -.about 'a handred .years ago."Were all medicines as meritoriousas Chamberlain's Colic. Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy the world would bemucn better ort and tlie percentage ot , married to a relative of Governor Wilsjffedng creatly decreased." writes j jon, and it is understood that her viewsLindsay Scott of Temple, Ind. For on the matter of women who smokesac bv all dealers. ,.. -,& . if u , 1 1.are different from those held In thePraise Be, the Brother Was Lying.Police courts are not always markedby an atmosphere of piety, but the exception to the rule occurred in a courtwhere a very religious man, againstwhom one of the neighbors had madea complaint, was being tried for sometrivial offense. The complaining witness was called to the stand to relatehis shle of the story, and the defendant listened closely for several minutes. Then his personal feelings overrode court etiquette and he rushed upto the judge, fervently exclaiming:"Your honor, the brother is lying.IMW IUV UUXUiH.-S.WiARETTES ARESO FOR WOMENMrs, Woodrow Wilson Has Decidsd Views on Subject.ERROR INES.Wife of Democratic Candidate GivesOut Letter Taking Strong Stand onSmoking Habit.New York. For the first time sinceWoodrow Wilson became the Democratic presidential candidate has Mrs.Wilson appeared. She attended inperson her husband's daily conferencewith reporters, although heretoforeshe has made special requests that shebe not quoted nor written about in thepapers.What Mrs. Wilson wished to havefully understood was that if she becomes the first lady of the land shewill not, as has been said in a widelydistributed interview, have packagesof cigarettes In her personal desk atthe White Houso and indulge in smoking them with her callers.Through Governor Wilson. Mrs. Wilson asked that publicity be given to aletter sho had written to the editor oftho State Journal at Columbus. O.,repudiating an alleged Interview withher In which sao defended, cigarettesmoking for women. The interviewhad come to her in a letter signed"American Citizen," which said:Dear Madam I can scaroely think ofany greater calamity to the young women of the natla -than to read such apreachment as your Interview offers them.I am a workinsman. and 1 see men losethair Jobs aitnoKt every day because theyare Incapacitated for work by the use ofthe cigarette. If smoking does this forstrong men what will It do for girls andwomen?The "intorview" was Indeed a cordial indorsement of the woman smoker. Here are some of Its assuringphrases, all credited to Mrs. Wilson:"A. woman writer for a syndicate ofSunday newspapers asked Mrs. Woodrow Wilson if she agreed with Gertrude Atf&erton's opinion o? the smoking of cigarettes by woineei. She smilingly .exhibited three cigarette boxespiled in the corner of her lesk, all butempty."Wky shouldn't a wenan smoke ifshe envoys it?" she querfcd." 'Wfay hasn't stw just:as much rightto a 'cigarette as a mac? Certainly 1agree -with Mrs. Atberton that any existing prejudice agains women smoking k to the last silly -and absurd." Smoking cigarettes is a questionc luttuuers. not morals. It promotesCod fellowship."tSoino women feel that a cigarettewalrus their nerves -and helps theirbrains into working order. Personallysmoking diffuses my thoughts insteadof concentrating them. I enjoy It as Ienjoy after dinner ceffee. Both arepleasant ways of" ending and finishingoff; both add to conviviality and goodfellowship.' MThe editor of tho Ohio State Journal,it tus clear, had been much incensedat the apologies for the cigarette habitamng women attributed to Mrs. Wilson, as he wrote on Aug. 10 an editorial :In which he called for the defeatof Governor Wilson or a repudiationfrou: his wife. If there was no mistake about it. he wrote. "Mrs. Wood-j row 'Wilson shouldn't be mistress ofthe White House."If ?the Ohio editor was emphatic Mrs.Wilson was certainly -not less so. Aft-j er tLe reporters had said they wouldgladiy publish her letter to the Ohioeditor she asked for an -hour's time inwhich ;to write one. 1his was whatshe irepared:Dear Eir I have just reoeived a copy ofthe Journal with your editorial entitled"Smoking Women." and I es leave to indismaer&y deny the statement that I approve oCvwomen smoking cigarettes. Theinterview upon which your editorial wasbased ds., pure Invention. I intensely dis-j like the -cigarette smoking habit for women in East, so strong Is mytfeeling on thesubject that my real danger lies in beingunjust and unkind in my judgment ofthose wfc&idlffer with me in this resDect.ELLEN A. WliiSON.(Mrs. Woodrow .Wilson.)Governor Wilson, in aDorovimr thev uson. inletter sent out by Mrs. Wilson, offeredwhat he thought might prove an explanation for the interview.j "I do not think it was maliciously invented." he said, "There is a ratherwell known writer who sii:ns faerselfMrs. Wilson Woodrow. and ske nodoubt has been confused with Mrs.Wilson."Mrs. Wilson Woodrow was forrnerlvhousehold of the Democratic candidate.The divided Republican party is likethe boy "blowing against the wind."There will be a lot of bluster, but itwill not take yotes away from Wilsonand Marshall.Winning with Wilson means morethan a mere Democratic victory;means restoring real prosperity.Wilson is the best equipped mannominated for the presidency sinceLincoln.j George KW. Perkins Is gure'a "bully"Progressive.BEQGRAGY MOST BEA WORTHY INSTRUMENTnnf T... U 0- ISIJr...!rSUUit! HUM li, d2J5 rcUUUiUWWilson, and it MustMake Good.Sea Girt N. J. Woodrow Wilson atthe "Little White House" at Sea Girtfo rlnilTT nnUaA i,r.r.r InmnnL-rvofn Moability as a ready speaker.There is not a day passes but whathe meets various delegations who callto assure him of their supportIn speaking of political machines tothe Brooklyn Democratic club Governor Wilson said: "Machines are bad,but an organization may be very essential. For instance, I have been sur-rouuueu oy uu oiuiuuuuu ueie m two hours ..j needn.t kep my ap.New Jersey while doing my best work. pomtment here," lie said. "I foundA machine uses its political opportu- an old chap whose feefc wjre out ofnities for the selfish ends of its mem- his shoeS) whose elbows were out ofbers. No members of our organization hig snirt sleeveSf and who looked aswould ever think of doing that Pub- if he had just sobered p for q, firstlie opinion in New Jersey has drawn timein a month in short, I found thethe distinction. It has killed the ma-, unlikeliest looking individual at' large,chines, and it is going to keep the or- r put one question to him and he startganization going. J ed right in at the beginning and filled."It seems to me that we are stand-, jn an the details and brought me downIng in the presence of something high- ( to date. There's nothing for you toer than allegiance to the Democratic tell me, unless you know what's goingparty. The country nas been cusap-pointed in the Republican party, and itis turning to the Democratic party.That party is willing to show the waytoward those things which must be realized. "Some gentlemen seem to find Iteasy to make personalities out of politics, but it seems to me that wheneverthat Is done politics is debased."Men who are in search of reformare now resorting to the Democraticparty, because, for my own part, I donot know where else they will turn toexpect the results. There is no discounting the strength and serviceabili-ty of a united party, and the splendidpart Is that the Democratic party isunited."Speaking seriously, nothing affordsme more genuine pleasure than to receive such greetings from men in Jersey who have at least tested my qualities. Because you have known meat close range and if you will be kindenough to vouch for me perhaps therest of the country will be credulousof.your report."I have spent a gret deal of timesince I became governor of New Jersey defending your character. It wassupposed in the old days, when theboard of guardians was in charge ofthe state, that yo were all of youdisposed to give the most monopolistictrusts of the country a great ringingwelcome In New Jersey."New Jersey was known as themother of trusts a very troublesomeand questionable family and I had tospend my time outside New Jersey assuring the people of the Union that ithad not been the fault or the disposition of the people of New Jersey thatthere were certain gentlemen who hadundertaken to carry the Republicanparty iu their pockets and to administer independently of the rauk and fileof Republicans in the state."New Jersey is progressive, but theUnited States is progressive, and wehave here merely a delightful sampleof the people of the United States."Tt f4lAc;u rtonnla oift ri-k- Jirkn ta.-vw wa-aiov. -!- j. it (iiiW uji ucri-itv yu Idestroying anything, but they are benton setting everything in order; they j entire understanding of them,are bent upon justice; they are bent "You pour," she told a friend, "a lot.upon seeing to it that the people in 1 of sand into a .lot of boxes, and yougeneral are partners of the govern- j throw old stove lids and things intoment. as i was trying to show the ; a furnace, and then you turn the redother day. And the Democratic party hot stream into a hole in the sand, andis now placed under a peculiar respon- j everybody yells and shouts,sibility. It has to prove that it is ' "Then you pour it out, let it coolthe worthy instrument of that zeal on , and pound it, and then you put in itthe part of the people of the United JStates. If it does not prove it now itwill never be .given another chance toprove it. No party that proves un-faithful to that ideal will ever again jbe trusted by the people of America. 'And tnereiore we are standing at aturning point in our politics. We mustmake good or go out of business. Iuthe vernacular, it is a case of 'put upor shut up.' because words are goingto be discounted. Nothing will be honored except the actual carrying out ofsuch programs as sensible men mayunite in for the common benefit."ti.tXJ.tTiIXtTTTHE GREAT DUTY OFJUSTMENT.AD- J.V !We are servants of the people,the whole people. The nation hasbeen unnecessarily, unreubonablyat war within itself. Interesthas clashed with interest whenthere were common principles ofright and of fair dealing whichmight and should have boundthem all together, not as rivals,but as partnera As the, servantsof all we are bound to undertakethe great duty of accommodationaud adjustment From Woodrow Wilson's Speech Acceptingthe Democratic Nomination.TVWWVflTThe Democrats are not taking theelection of Wilson for granted. Theyare working and working harder thanin a score of years and working as aunited party.It Is reported that papers which aresupporting the bull mooser have ordered extra fonts of "I's." And theywill bd ueeded when Teddy, gets tolla!SIng.FOUND RIGHT MAN AT ONCESeedy and Unlikely Looking Individ-1ual Knew All About City's Street -RailwayTroubles.A man once came to Newton D.tBaker, mayor of Cleveland, and Faid:"My town is going io have a streetrrailway fight I want to knowabout Cleveland's-""I shall be dnly too adad to tell you!1 all I know," said Mr. Baker, "but un; fortunately I have appointments until.one o'clock. Will you come back?""How can I most profitably put inthe two hours hero until that time?", asked the stranger.' The anSWer WaSI'Go out on the!, public square, sit down by the most!.unlikely man you can find the onowho looks most as if he didn't knowithe difference between a franchise andia double track. Ask that man to tell!you about Cleveland's street railwayfight, and when you come back I willtell you whatever you haven't been..able to learn from him."The man came back at the end ofto happen. He hasn't been let in onthat" The Survey.ROUGH MANNERS OF THE PASTDrinking Trick in Which English Monarch Figured The First Fingerless Gloves.Drinking tricks figured in diplomacyJ in the time of Henry VIII. Mrs. HenryCust quotes the king's challenge toHubertus, the representative of thePalsgrave Frederick. He sent for twohuge goblets, filled with wine and heer. respectively, and gave the envoy his, choice for a "drinking out" test Invain Hubertus pleaded that his masterhad actually instituted a company othe Golden Ring to put down such contests, any member who broke the prohibition to lose his ring and give $11to the poor. Henry, anxious to provethat the Englishman was the betterman, promised to find the forfeits himself and drank his beer at a drafts,while it took the German four gulp-1 to account for the wine.How early did mankind think of the--convenienceof the fingerless glove?'Little was said of gloves in ancienttimes, but in most cases it is obviousthat they had fingers. Those worn by -thesecretary of the younger Pliny,used when he visited Vesuvius, sothat he might keep on jotting downnotes in spite of the cold, must havebeen fingered, no less than those ofthe glutton in Anthenaeus, who woregloves at table so that he might handle the meat while hot and get in advance of his bare handed fellow diners. ""&'"'A Vivid Picture. Z&&tiOf all "aptitudes," the mechanicalis least likely to manifest itself in afeminine brain. The young womanwhose visit to a locomotive works isdescribed in Young's Magazine, wasdoubtless interested in what she saw,but her account of the processes ob-f served leaves the reader to doubt hera thing that bores holes in it. Thenyou screw it together, and paint it,and put steam in it, and it goes splendidly, and they take it to a draftingroom and make a blue-print of it.1"But one thing I forgot They haveto make a boiler. One man gets inside and one gets outside, and theyspound frightfully, and then they tie itto the other thing, and you ought tosee it go!" Youth's Companion.Thoughtful John Chinaman.. "The virtues of a Chinese laundryman never have been half told," saidthe woman.. "Not of my laundryman,anyhow. He is such a motherly oldsoul. The other day he brought myhandkerchiefs home folded in two different ways, some squared, some catacornered.""Why the different styles in ironing?" I asked."John pointed to the stack of catacornered handkerchiefs. 'These holey,'he said. Then to the square pile,'These good. In big hully, not getteemix and go out with holey hankchef.'"Kind old John. His idea was allright, but doesn't keep me from getting mixed, for I can never rememberwhich shape means holey and whichmeans whole, so I am likely to disgrace myself with a holey handkeichief after all."Tested."Eighty dollars for a set of tires is:pretty stiff," said Jipson. "Haven'tyou got anything cheaper?""Sure," said the affable salesman."I have a set here you can have forten dollars.""Ten, eh?" said Jipson. That's goodand chdap. How about 'em are theygood for anything? Ever had 'em;teVed?""I should say so," said the sIi-"man. "They've traveled over 30,(KHimiles already." Harper's Weekly - t1-4iTHE BOURBON NEWS, P&RIS, KENTUCKY AUGUST 30 -Y912.vAl.nsftVtI2 a66'" ANNUALBOURBON!COUNTYFAIR!PARIS, KYSept.i3 41912.M5, 6, 7,Best Horse Show of...Them All...Liberal Premiums For All Classesof Live Stock.Free Entrance to All Classes 1MICHAEL'S CONCERT BAND!. MISS HAMMANN, SoloistEvery Day Has Special Features, IncludingTuesday-Big Colt Stake,Cattle, Harness,Horses' Sheep.Pony Show,Saddle andShorthornRoadsterWednesday Shorthorn and Beef Cattle, Harnessand Saddle Horses, Baby Show, Mare andColt, Pony Rings, Berkshire, Poland Chinaand Durock Hogs.Thursday $100 Harness Stake; Jersey Cattle, Jacksand Jennets, Saddle and Harness Rings.Friday $250 given in Mule Premiums, including $100Suckling Mule .Show; Heavy HarnessHorses, Harness Mares, Harness Geldings,Pony Rings, Boy Rider, Walking Horse;$100 Saddle Special; Lady Driver, FancyTurnout, Combined Hordes, Etc.Saturday Six Roadster Classes, including $100Sweepstakes; Combined Rings, Saddle andDraft Horses, Trotting Bred Colt, BabyShow, Rockaway and Model Horses, Heavy.Harness Horses, Gentlemen Riders.Biggest Poultry and Pigeon Showof Any County Fair.Day and Night Attractions!Reduced Rates On All Railroads.:xSWrite For Catalogue.J. M. Hail, Pres. C. A. Webber, Sect.Maysville Wins Second Game'Yesterdav afternoon Paris wa3 defeated by the Rivermen bv a score of6 to 1.TUESDAY.The last appearance of the Pioneersin this city this season resulted intheir defeat by Paris Tuesday afternoon by a score of 7 to 2. The localspounded Cameron to all corners ofthe lot, while Hauser, for the localshel 1 the locals well in hand throughout the game. The batting of Harrell,Efauser and Snyder was the features.WEDNESDAY.Wednesday, Paris lost the first sameof the series to the Rivermen, by ascore of 4 to 1. Guhi was on themound for Paris and pitched a goodgame. In the first two innings theRivermen scored all of their runs.Beer was on the rubber for Maysilleand while he was hit more frequentlythan Guhl he kept his h tj wellscattered.While up to the present time the 1912season has been more or.les disastrousto a number ot the clubs in the minurleagues, the palyers on a majority orthese clubs are perfectly satisfied withtha'wnrld.The causeof their satisfaction can beeasily found by any of the patrons ofthe game. In practically every parkof any importance in the United Statesthere is located one of the tamou3 JuuDurham siens. Every player hittingthe Bull with a fairly batted fly ballreceives a Drize of S50.00 in cash, andevery plaver making a home'run inthepark wnerre the Bull Duiham sign islocated receives seventy-two packagesof Bull Durham tobacco.This is the fourth year these signshave been tried and from the figures toda'e it looks as though the records ofprcious season3 will be materiallybettered. The signs have been hit 155times daring the present season, making a total of $7,750 for the fortunateplayers. There have been 2229 homeruns made in these parks, for whichthe heavy hitters have received 160,488packages of Bull Durham tobacco.The statistics for the Blue Grass .League fol low :Lexington, Ky. The Bull Durhamsign was hit on May 18th by WilliamCramer, of tha Frankfort club, and onJune 29th by Harrv Camnitz, of theLexington club. There have been 30home runs made in the park, for whichthe heavy hitters have received 2,160packages of Bull Durham tobacco.Paris, Ky. The Bull Durham signwas hit on July 20th bv Fred Mollenkamp. of the Paris club, and on July28th by W. H. White, of the Frankfort club. There have been 15 homernns made in the park, for which theheavy hitters have received 1,080 packaes of Bull Durham tobacco.Richmond, Ky. The Bull Durham2ign was bit on May 3d by Jas. Baird,of the Richmond club. There havebeen 50 home runs made in the park,for which the heavy hitters have received, 600 packages of Bull Durhamtobacco.League Totals The Bui' Durhamsigns in the Blue Grass League havebeen hit five times to date, netting thefortunate plavea the sum of $250 incash. There have been 95 home runsin these parks, and as a result the bigstickers have rceeived 6,480 packagesof Bull Durham tobacco.I Have You Seen Our Listof Stockholders?School BooksICash.We are onlyagents for the American,Book Company and sell their goods ona small margin. So everv one buyingwill be required to, pay the cash. Don'task for credit on school books..27-2t PARIS BOOK CO.MATRIMONIAL.Bicycle Supplies.bicycle supplies for allLet us nh yourFull line ofmakes of wheels.order.9tfJ. ELVOVE.Bourbon Fair Catalogues.The News has on handZa supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for theeixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheld here Sept. 3-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, andcan be'had by calling at this office.Read This Testimonial.Read what this farmer has to savabout our hog remedy :"This is to certify that I have usedLaughlin's Hog Remedv for ten yearsand heartily recommend it as being thebest tor choleia, and as a ureventativeand tonic advise all farmers to use it."S. E. BEDFORD, Paris. Ky."Call at our office on Bank Row, andwe have hundreds of other testimonialsto show you.LAUGHL1N HOG REMEDY CO.Bank Goes Into Liquidation.The bank of Leesburg, Hairisoncounty, has decided to go into liquidation and Tuesdav placed its affairs inthe hands of the State Banking Commissioner as provide by he new law.The Banking Commissioner is now incontrol of thejbank and one of his assistants has taken charge of its booksto settle up its business. There isnothing wrong with the banks affairs,but the officers and tockholders simplywant to discontinue the bank.School Opening.Paris Aademy. E. M. Cosfello'sSchool, will open Monday, September 2,for. classification and organization..Number of pjpils limited.20-2tThe Carpet and Rug Store.We have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the Stale. No oldpatterns, all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney.J. T. H1NTON.Clark County Masons Celebrate.The 100th annversary of Masonry inClark county was celebrated bv thecombined lodges of the county Tuesday. The principal address of the daywas delivered by the Hon. Jno. M.'Stevenson. On account of the death ofGrand Secretary Grant in Louisville,Hrand Master David Jackson was unable to be present. All arrangementshad been made to entertain Grand Secretary Grant, who was closely identified with Calrk county Masonry.JOHNSON-REID.The marriage of Miss Lvdia F.Johnson and Mr. Clay Reid, Gf L.ittleRock neignborhood, was quietly celebrated Wednesday evening at 7:30o'clock at ihe home of the bride'smother. Mrs. Mattie Johnson. Theceremony was performed by Rev. IsaacReid, a Methodist minister frcm Paducah, and who is a relative of thegroom. Ihe attractive cride is theonly daughter of the home 'and is ayoung woman of beautiful character.Ihe hndegroom is a prosperousyojng farmer, son of Mr. and Mrs. J.W. Reid. of near Little Rock. Afterthe ceremony an elegant supper wasserved to the guests and on Thursdaythe bridal party were entertained atthe home of the bride's parents. Forthe piesent Mr. and Mrs. Reid willremain withJMrs. Reid's mother.RATS'SON SMITH.The marriage of Miss Mary Ransonto Mr. Rhodes Smith was quietly celebrated Wednesday afternoon at 5o'clock at the re-idence of her cousinMiss Fannie Ingles, on Fifteenthstreet. The ceremony was performedby Rev. Dr. F. J. Cheek, ot Danville,a cousin of the bride.The rooms were darkned and softlylighted with white candles and werebeautifnlly decorated. The bride wasgouned in white marquisette overwhite silk, trimmed with lace, carrying arm bouquet of brides roses.Only the relatives and most intimate Jriends of the contracting parties witnessed the ceremony. MissBettie Smith, a sister of the groom,ana ivir. j. itanson, or i.nicago, abrother of the bride, were the onlyattendants.The bridf is a daughter of the lateMr. W. J. Ranson, a sister of Mr.Jay Ranson, of Chicago, and Mr.Neely Ranson, of Atlanta, Ga., and isan accomplished young lady. Mr.Smith who is a popular young man i"connected with the Louisville ai dNashville railroad.After the ceremony a short reception was held and the bridal pair lefton the 6 20 L. & N. train for NiagaraFalls and points in the East.Among the relatives and friendsfrom a distance who attended thewedding were: Mr. and Mrs. NeelyRanson of Atlanta, Ga. ; Mr. Jay Ranson and Mr. Jame? Ingels of Chicago ;Mrs. Otterman, Terre Haute, Ind. ;Mrs. Mary Ingles, Dr: and Mrs. F. J.Cheek, Miss Elizabeth Cheek and Mr.Samuel Cheek Danviile; Mr. and Mrs.Boone Ingels, Miss Elizabeth Ingelsof Carlisle ; Mr. Leslie Ingels, MissesKate, Belle and Margaret Tngels, Lexington, and their guest, Miss Lyle ofArkansas, and Miss Jenaie Kenney ofRoslyn, N. M.vftOppor-tunitjrComesEveryHourAGAIN we ask: Have youseen the list of stockholdersof TheAssociatedPublisher'sCompany?IF NOT, WHY NOT?If not, you should call at TheBourbon News and look it over.You will find a friend there whoknows us.Ask him what he knows.THEN investigate yourself.We will tell you this much inthis limited spaceThe Associated Publisher's Company gives promiseof assuming tremendous proportions that should rival yesoutrival all other publishing companies, financially and educationally. WHY?That story is told in our prospectus. You will find it there.Any point not clear, ask aquestion.We have had questions askedall kinds many times.No matter their nature, noquestion embarrasses us.Our list of conservative stockholders of Kentucky all askedquestions.We answered them to theirsatisfaction.Evidence the list at The Bourbon News office.When the opportunity presentsitself AN OPPORTUNITY SUCH ASOURS to not only make a mostpromising investment, and at thesame time, enter your name onthe list in giving support to anenterprise of tremendous educational value to the South andSouth-west, you would be negligent, inded, if you failed to' investigate.You will, Won't You?We will not enter into financial details here.We recognize that our materialwelfare is the paramountfeaturein this life.We reserve the financial details for our prospectus to answer.This prospectus is yours for asking. Fill out either coupon below TO-DAY.f j tSeldomOneLikeOurs!:MAssociated With Us at This Writing, andThere Will Be Many More, Are:FRANK TOLLE, JAMES PURDEN, Maysville Independent, Maysville, Ky.SWIFT CHAMP, Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.HARRY McCARTY, Jessamine Journal, Nicholasville, Ky.JOHN PULLIAM, D. W. HUTTON, Harrodsburg, Herald, Harrodsburg, Ky.W. O. McINTYRE, W. V. RICHARDSON, Danville Advocate," Danville, Ky.J. H. PICKELS, Kentucky Register, Richmond, Ky.COL. WOODSON MAY, R. L. BROWN, Somerset Journal, Somerset, Ky.SOMMERS BROS. & MARRIATT, The Elizabethtown News, Elizabethtown, Ky.H. 6. CLAPPELL, Thousand Sticks, Middlesboro, Ky.LUCIEN BECKNER, CARL ROBBINS, The Sun Sentinel, Winchester, Ky.The Bourbon News:Please Send Me Copy of the Associated.Publisher's Co.'s Prospectus Without Obligation to Me.The Associated Publisher's Co.,CINCINNATI. O.;Please Send Me Copy of the AssociatedPublisher's Co.'s Prospectus Without Obligation to Me.Write -- InquireDO ITInvestigateNOW!New Fall Goods.Large consignmsnts of carpeta. rugsand furniture of every description arearriving dailv at our store. See us before you buy and let us save youmoney. J. T. HINTON.Go to B tick's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfPony Show.The Pony show at the Bourbon Fairon the opening day promises to bringtogether a class of ghow ponies neverbefore seen in a show ring. Attendtne Bourbon Fair on the opening dayand every other day Sept. 3-7.School Opening.Mrs. Walker's private school willooen on - Monday, September 9ch.Number of pupils limited.20-6t -fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Little Rock School2 The Little Rock Graded School willopen on SQotember 9rh. All pupilsareexpectetto report m that day tocommence duties for the coming year.The pryspeets for the school this yearars brighter than eer before, j"Roxie" Dati$!Cfte Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best PajingGive Ofd "Nub"2HelloVlS7Companies.aCaH.w&t'Mr.ixI&" X-.' ..1? A.rj .,? W .v -. - - &47kt5f T:THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 30, 1'912V-KIfffi BOURBON NEWS.'ALWAYS HAS THC DESTCF EVERYTMjNf;Insure your tobacco withMcCIure & Clendenin. E.T. Phone 235. Home Phone72.Two Tracts of Land.See Harris & Speakps about theEwalt faim on Huddles Mills pike tobe sold at auction, on Wednesday,Sept. 11, at 2 u. m. It contains 108acres and will be sold in three tracts.HanoSPainted China.Genuine hand painted plates at 25ents each.BUTLER'S27-4t. Opposite Court house.Enlerlaics Class With Picnic.Mr. C. P. Cook entertained his Sunday School class of the ChristianChurch fcith a picnic in Lelton'swoodland near this city. Abouttaenty-fwe members of the class enjoyed tueday.Insure your Tobacco withTHOMAS & WOODFORD.Hume Property Sold.The real estate firm of McCIure &Clei.jenin sold Tuesday for Mr. W.P. f.'jmehis two story double residence on Thornton Addition frontingon High.street, to Mr. C. P. Mann for$3,200. Mr. Mann will get immediatepossession. He will make extensive improvements to the property.Grand Show of Horses.The grandest horse show of themall at the Bourbon Fair, September 37 inclusive. Special features, newattractions.Improved Land.J.C. and S. R. Ewalt will sell theirtract of 108 acres of unimproved landon the Ruddles Mills pike at auction.on Wednesday, Septemer 11, 1912, at2 p. m. It will be sold in three tractsof 36 acres each. This is an ideal opportunity to secure a desirable smalltract of good land within five miles ofthe county seat.School Supplies.School books, pens, pencils, copvbooks, ink, book satchels, and everything needed in the school room.27-2t PARIS BOOK CO.for The School Children.Slates, pens, pencils, tablets, ink,erasers and school supplies that are alittle cheauer than any other pace.30-3t " T. LENIHAN.During Fair Week.The engagement of the Hyatt-Le-NoreMusical Comedy Co. tor fairweek is expected to be one of the hitsof the season. This company carriest.OTPlvf! npnnlp. ineltidinc rnnnn nlnvpr.The company makes a "specialty of iminiature musical comedies. Theycarry their own scenery, electricaleffects and have a wardrobe that isunequaled by any similar organization.This attraction will be at the Grandthe entire fair week with the exception ofbept- m icr 4tb.69 Ceit Tea For 40 Cents.LiDton tea for iceponnd.It C.tea 40 centsperP COOK & CO.Give Us Your Ordar NowFor your fall clothes. It takes timeto make them up and it is to your advantage, too, for the selection islarger now.! J. W. DAVIS & CO.County Schools Open Monday.The following schools in Bourboncounty will open "for the fall term Monday. Spetember 2:Monlcrv Mrs. Alma pryor, teacher.Letton-Miss Mattie Neal, teacher, jEals Miss Mattie Neal, teacher.Palmer Prof. C. A. Ellis, teacher,Seotember 9.It is requested that all pupils th-texpect to attend the fall term be present for classification on opening day."Other schools in the county will begin the fall term on the following Monday, September 9.Well Located Properly.The J. S. Terry property on Vinestreet to be sold at auction Saturday,September 14, is near the L and N.station and in a locality where property is in demand.Tall Hats That Are Different.Our fal' showing of hats includesevery new shape and every new color.Get yours now.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Delegates to Grand Lodge.At the meeting of Bourbon Ledge"Mio. 23. I. u. u. i'., luesaay nignt.the following delegates were selectedto renresent the local organization atthe Grand L.odge of Kentucky, -whichconvenes atSomprset on October 10: E.B. January, W. S. Kiser. H. C. Henson G. W. Chapman, G. W. Judv. J.H. Doty. W.C. Dodson.P. J. McCord.J.H.Rye. Mr. January, who will headthe.delegationfrom this citv, has represented the local lodge at the GrandLolge meeting for the past nineteenyear. fctiftGood Suggestions.Re'ad Lenihan's advertisement onpage 1 cf this issue for suggpstiuns ofjrocd things to eat. Lots of specialsfor i air week. 30-3t.Satisfaction Always.From the time you put them on untilyou discard them. Clothes made by us.J. w. DAVIS & CO.Vpersonal mention.Mrs. J.Cincinnati.D. Burnaw is vsitinginMr. and Mrs. Harry Simon havereturned from a thei-i Eatsern trip.Miss Ellen Towles has as hcrg-iestMiss Maragret Nuckles, of Varasilles.Mr. C. B. Mitchell is imurovingafter a scveie attack of typhoid fever.Miss Agnes Mackey is visiting herbroteer, Mr. John Mackey, in Covington. Mrs. Maria Lyons has gone toSwango Springs to remain about tendajs.Mrs Zeke Elkins, ot Covington,was the guest yesterday of Mrs. AlexTingle.Mrs. Sallie Bashford has returnedfrom a visit to friends in Jessaminecounty.Mrs. Thomas Owens, of Manchester, O., is the guest of relatives inthis city.Miss Sarah Bedford has returnedfrom a vibio to Miss Marcia Keys, inWinchester.Miss Jennie Maurie Pepper, ofMillershurg, is the gue-t of Mis? Virginia Cruthcher.Mr. a-.d Mrs. John Lancaster, ofLexington, are guests of Mr. and Mis.James Ferguson.Mrs. John Davis will entertain theBridge Club this afternoon at her homeon Cyuress street.' Misses Nora and Maud Davis, ofNewport, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.P. a. Thompson.Rev. and Mrs. E. M. Lightfoothave returned from a visit to relativesin North Carolina.T Misses Mabel Blackerby and MaryWilson, of Falmouth, are visiting Mrs.Lawrence Dickerson.The condti on of"Mr. J. H. Ewalt,-who is oangeroutly ill, was yesterdaysomewhat improved.Mr. W. L. Davis, of Colubmia, S.C, formerly nostmafiter of Pans, isvisiting Mrs. J. T. Hinton.Mrs. CamillalWilson has returnedfrom a visit to her son, Mr. SeymourWilson, in NewiYork City.Mrs. E. M. DickEon will entertainthis aftrenoon at her home on Stoneravenuew with auction-bridge.Mrs. Sallie Adair entertained yesterday afternoon for her cousin MissLillian Stolworthy, of Cincinnati.Miss Anna Eads Peed has returnedfrom a delightful visit to friends inRichmond, Va.. and Washington D.'C.--Mis. Edward Henderson has returned to her home in Fort Thomasafter a vist to Mrs. Monroe Mansfield.Mrs. Grant Welburn and son,Keith, of Webb Citv Mo., are guestsof Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Keller, at Shawhan. Mrs. A . T. Forsyth left yesterdayto resume her duties in the MissionHome and Training School at Dallas,Texas.Miss Theresa Huerkamp, of Cynthiana, has returned home after a visitto her sister, Mrs. Richard Welling,in this city.Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Crawford.anri " Edward, of Louisville,havereturned home aftera visit torela-tives in this city.Mr. E. J. Austin andAustin left Wednesday forfriends at Cleveland, O.. after which !they will go to Niagara Falls.Mr. Brice Steele, who has forthree wepks been suffering from anattack of appendicitis, was operatedon Wednesday morning at St JosephHospital. Lexington, and is reportedto be resting comfortably.Miss Mamie Parker and daughter.Miss Lizzie Parker, have returnedfrom New York and othei places inthe East. Miss Parker will resumeher studies in voice culture at theCincinnati Conservatory of Music following the close of the fair.Mr. and Mrs. -Louis Judith, MissIda Feld and Mr. Harry Bell, of Win- jche&ter, are guests at the home ofMr. and Mrs. Dave Feld, on Fithian Iavenoe. The marriage of Miss Feldito Mr. Bell will be celebrated on Sep-jWinchestcr. They were guests' oftemner lo at trie nome or m o-iCe inVm- rt 4- o Knniififnl 1 1 nr rtK no it ir n-i ttam !by Mr. and Mrs. Fold Wednesdayevening.Cynthiana Uemo.iat: "Mr. andMrs. J. T. Harper entertained a delightful house party from Friday untilMondav at their hospitable countryhome. It was a family reunion of Mr.Harper's brothers and sisters. Therewe're nineteen in the party, and thereunion was a charming event geeswithout saying. Those Dresent irom adistance were: Mr. and Mrs. G. A.Harper and two daughters, of Paris;Mrs J. P. Martin and son, and hermother, Mrs. Hart, of Pendleton; Mrs.Ida K. Vire, of Salt Lick; Mrs. LucyWhaley and daughter, ot Bethel; Mrs.Earl Andeison and children, of Paris.Tre ithcr: ere from thiscounty."Mrs. Monroe Man-field entertained Tuesday atternoon at her home onConvent Heights for her little cousins,Misses Mary Elizebeth, Nancy andFrances Dudley Deaver, daughters ofMrs. Bedford Deaver. The guestswere served with grape icsupon their;arrival and enjoyed games on the lawn Iuntil o o'clock, when the refreshmentswere served in the dining roomafter weich an amusing contest carrying peanuts on a knife. Miss LillianFowler received the prize, a prettyJapanese cup and saucer The guestspresent were Misses Louise and Margarst Mastin, Dolly Borland, IreneBramblett, Mary E. Dean, VirginiaCook,, Mildred Greene, Margaret andJulia Lavin, Mabel Templin, Louise,Willa and Frances Redmon, PinkBridwell, Mary Ellis, Lillian andCatherine Fowler, Marian Cant rill,Kathleen Lovell, Robert Morris, Emma Burley, Eleamor Swearinger,Martin Edward Hibler, Gilbert Lavin,Ted Templin, Kirby Wood, John W.Redmon, Roy Burley and HarveyHibier.Mr. Clarence Brabee. of Millersburg, .entertained with-a delightfuldance at Elks' Hall Wednesday evening. The occasion was one of. themobt delightful and thoroughly enjoyed by the following who were present: Misses Anna Embry, ElizabethHinton, Helen Desha, Virginia Young.Lexington; Marie Talbott, EleanorTevis, Danville; Mulcahv, Versailles; Eleanor Clav, ElizabethYerkes, Nell Crutchrr Augusta Rogers, Rena Crosdale, Etta tfehler, Laui a arid Louise Steele, -Matilda James,Margaret Ardery, Nancy Clay, AnnaWilson. MunsevJ Annette Wilson,Lexington: Messrs. Sidney Ardery,Blair Varden, Edgar Vansaut, HarryBrent Fithian. Harry Horton. FayArdery, Fielding Rogers, Roy Batterton, Edw. Fithian, Davis Hutchraft,Win. Hall. Gallapolis, ; Joe Davis.John Stuart, LucianArnsnarger, JohnK. Vansant, Wm. Talbott, Erne3tMartin, Harmon Turner, Oscar Hinton,Tnomas Prichard, John Ardary, R6-)gar Pence, Curry Martin, Lexington;and G. C. Thompson.Mips Elizabeth Blanten, of Richmond who has been the guest of Mrs.E. M. Dickson, returned home yesteiday. Mr. Hugh Montgomery will leavein a few days for Syracuse. N. Y.,after which he will start on his regular commercial trip to the West.Miss Annie Laurie Witherspoonhas returned to Paris after spendingthe summer at her home in Durant,S. C, andvwill -eaume her studes inthe Paris High School.Mr. J. L.ThomDson and Mics Flossie R. J. Morton, of L leming county,were granted a marriage license yesterday and were united in marriage bySquire L. J. Fretwell in hia privateoffice in the court house.Harness Etc., for the Fair.Come in and see our line ot buggvharness, whins, saddes, brushes, currycombs, etc., a full and complete line toselect from.2 27-2t LAVIN & CONNELL.Assessors To Begin Monday.County Assessor W. G. McCiintock and his deputies. Mr. L. B. Purnell, of Paris, and R. M. Gilkey. ofNorth Middletown, will begin takingthe assessments of Bourbon countvproperty Monday.Last Sermon Sunday.Rev. J. S. Simms, pastor of the ParisMpthodist church, will preach his farewell sermon to his congreagtion Sunday morning, this being the close ofthe conference year. Rev. Sims cameI to Paris just one year ago, havingbeen assigned to the church here bythe Kentucky Conference. Prior tohis assignment to Paris Rev. Simsspent four years in Frankfort as thepastor of the Methodist congregationin that city.Since he assumed charge cf theParis church. Rev. Sims has mademany friends, "not only among themembers of his own congregation, butamong our Deople in general, and it , isthe wish of his many friends that hebe returned to Paris by the KentuckyConference, which will convene in Danville next Wednesday.Rpv. Sims is an earnest speaker andhas made a fine pastor for the churchhere, and it is more than probablethat he will be returned to Paris forkthe coming year.Private School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolj will open Monday. September 9tr.Miss Ruth j Classification of new pupils on Septenary uinit tnber3rd and 4th. Number limited.2 0-6tFor Sale Privately.As attorney for the estateestate of Phillip Claydeceased, the undersignedwill sell privately thelate residence situatedon Second Street in theCity of Paris, Kentucky.Same contains 4 rooms,and lot fronts about 40feet on said street. Forfurther information inquire of..P. A. THOMPSON..rI WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1887, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.lias a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business.Imb m-mm-m -M-M-Bn mmAt Reduced Prices.To make room for new good's we areoffering hand-painted China and strctlv hand-cut glass at greatly reducedprices.27-2t KORD&CO.Cut Glass.All the latest cuts and designs. Reasonable in price.BUTLER'S.27-4t. Opposite Court HouseLOST.At Christian church or on the streetsof Paris, Sunday, a topaz breast pin.Suitable reward for return to thisoffice. 20-3tFancy Work.Ladies' crocheted ties and ruchingsfor sale byMRS. ELIZA AYKES.1302 Cypress St..32-2t "Paris. Kv.WhileSummer9HereKODAKKODAKS $5 up.BROWNIECAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.i' f?-.SixOakDaunFiein BiosOne American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ft. Wide Large Mirrorh'IW. Ed.All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. '...W. EdrFEE'SBSft...SPECI16 lbs. GranulatedSugar8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (c8 bars Lenox Soap s .'Royal Baking Powder, 25c sizeStone's Silver Slice and Country25 lb. sack Eldean Flour. : i . . .12 lb. sack Eldean FlourParowax, for sealing. . . . fMason qt. JarsMason pt. Jars ' .T.Chase & Sanbonrs ''OrangeBonita Tea, 1-2 lb. tinsFee's OrocA Dining RoomSpecial.Dining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatmSee Window For These PeicesJOHN T. HINTON...Tucker I9t9&fTucker frCASH1Pek--5H3Mjpr Ft, 4S' ,-' A-":MPERFECT IN ORIGINAL!- VifC-u j- s",..""-?&:& ' : 'cTv-i'vrv-":-,v-.ri' :::-U-;:-vX f . rt.' r.THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS,' KENTUCKY AUGUST 30,1912HERE'STHEHOGSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.'---mmmimmmrmmBmimmmmmmiBmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmi,'fuI?&'z&mZS?S.BOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexinffton, Ky.Eaclosed find photo of hoe: that was cured ofcholera with your Bourbon Koe Cholera Reme4r. This hogr was almost dead before using:the medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail. etc. The hog: is owned byMr. Skiles Ewin, of Bowling: Green, Ky. HetnTL be clad to grive you a testimonial, and wecancel several more if you want them.K JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,i Bowling: Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.For Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Almost Lost His Life.S. A. Stid, of Msson, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold," he writes."that caused severe Diins in my chest, so that it washard for me to breathe. A neighborgave me several dose of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor said.I was on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discovery. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and 51.00. Trial !bottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer,DRT DOLLE'S W C hiMESSAGE TO I VI DIMYOUN BE CURED BYlAfcTr - T&C"INrtf SgJVs.C MSZ0- ' . . ' T V'3588SSSSVYi K.A DB. C. L. DOLLE.r Wky Take Treatment That Is Doing TouJTe Good, When a. 1'cw Days under the careDr. Dolle Will Show You How Easy ItXste Curo These Diseases When tlie ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andleen disappointed until you ihink that you cannot be cured? You, no doubt, all this time haveTaeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience tojenow how to cure yon.These are the diseases of which I havecrcd so many, justly jriving mo the reputation for cures of hich I am so proud.y. JBlood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cau:iot come back.' Varicocele," causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Nervousness, "Weakness,Xrocs of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what you wall have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a fe,w days.1J"ervou3 Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for these troubles foooaamonamong those who have become weak andwornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. No one believesiow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, ncrvousnef-s, pain in"back, lack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjast the treatment I have found so effective intreating sach diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesJ cure come from physicians and specialists whoSailed.Pif F"f cftilapk lean cure you sori,c ITI LUIcie quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases gJFi"3S5romodies seldom cure. My treatment "Etops everysysaptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willmot come bock.Tea can take my Treatment without aat rb1 pay mo after I cure you. I knowthat I.can give you new life, new hope, and canJostore you back to health and happiness. Iisow that every man will pay after I have ellmiaated every trace of disease from his system,lllcfoscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE..rlhava writeen a book that ought to be in the,hsnic of every suffering man in this country. I"mBi. aead you a copy, free, if you will write me ataat the disease for wh ich you desire treatement,. , 9 to 4: Sundays, ft to 1 p. m. Evenings,TtaS.on Monday , Wed nesdav and Saturday uightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.On Columbia Theaten525 Walnut St. between1 Fifth and Sixth Streets. .OCce eacy to find, as all that is necessary is toatk or the Colasabia Theater, and any one can.; tak. .Caywcod & JJcCHntock, of Paris,bougiit last week from Joseph Jacoby,of the Hutchisoh neighborhood, twenty-fivehead of fine breeaing ewes, ata private price.Caywood & McClintock, of Paris,shipped last week, three double-deckcar loads of lambs to the Jersey Citvmarket. This firm has shipped morethan 10,000 lambs from Plfs this season. Mr. I. C. Willmott, cf near Hutchison, delivered last week, to Mr. AsaJewell. Jr., of Lexington, fifty headof lambs, which averaged eighty-twopounds. The price paid was 6 1-2cents per pound.Prospects for a wonderful corncrop in Boyle county was never betterthan this year. The rains have materially.assistd the grain, and a bannerseason is looked for. The acreage isgreater than tor a number of years.Charles Franklin, of the Hutchisonneighborhood, delivered Thursday toBnldwin Bros., in Paris, a 900 poundheifer, at 5 1-cents per pound. AlonzoGinn delivered to the same firm a 750pound heifer, for which he received-Prof. R.F. Smith, of Collcee Station, Teaxs. Durchasedfour of the bestbred fillies ghe could find from JamesH. Gillespie, of Harrison county, andwill ship them to Texas and begin thebreeding and raising of the Kentuckysaddle-bred horses.It is estimated that the export cattle in Montgomery county alone thisyear will bring that county over $700.000 quite a sum of money and thai?Jlhandlers will make good money.For the exDort cattle industrv thisyear has been one of the best that theKentucky farmer has ever had.Three or'four sales of large cropsof old tobacco have been reported inNicholas county. James P. Rogers, ofCarlisle, took over a crop of 16.0C0pounds from Arris Wiggins, and one of1,000 pounds from R. A. Atknson andJ. E. Ramey. His total purchases areaoout 40.000 pounds.The Mt. Sterling Gazette says export cattle are oeing shipped awayfrom that place, and they are weighineheavy and are going to the East infine shape. The business in that section this year has been remarkablyand from the prices obtained there isevidently a scarcity over the country.A calf with two well formed heads,four ears, four eyes, two mouths, twonoses was born on the farm of RobertMoore.a farmer of near Concord, Nicholas county. The calf was perfectlyformed, except for the two heads andlived sevreal hours and ate before itdied. The hide was brought to Carlisle and exhibited, where it created muchcuriosity.The Burley Tobacco Company hasclosed a deal for several lots locatedin.the central section of Carlisle directly on the Main street and the L. & N.railroad, for the purpose of locatinganother large loose leaf tobacco warehouse at that point. Work on thenew house will be commenced immediately and everythng wiil be readyfor opening Jwhen the others saleshouses open there this fall, -The Danville Advocate asys: "Mr.E. T Thatch, a vominent attorrneyend saddle'horsejjreeder of Cleveland,Tenn.. bought Tuesday of Allen S. Edelen,at Glenworth Farm, a two-.vear-oldchestnut colt by Bohemian Kin?for $2,000."Sheriff Bowen Fox, who was inLawrecceburs: this wepk buvina- mules.succeeded in'getting two carloads, butreport the animals as rather scrfrce andH-ih. He shipped'his purchase to theEastern markets."The coninued hard rains in Bathcountv are causing all the creeks andbranches to overflow their banks, doing great damage to crops in the bottom lands. In some of the places thewater is over the tops of the tobaccoplants and corn has been badly damaged and washed. A number of watergans and a lot of fencing have beenwashed away. Tobacco cutting is hning delayed by the wet weather, formany fields in that county are readvto be cut and housed. A few days ofbight sunshine is badly needed by allvegetation in this Eection.Improved EducationalConditions From anInvestment StandpointBy JOHN B. M'FERRAN, Chairman Educational Committee,Louisville Commercial Club8I.TUDYUSTG the educational situation in the state, I am moreand more impressed with the absolute necessity for a radicalchange in our viewpoint concerning the subject. We havebeen viewing the schools rather as a necessary evil, an expense to be kept at the minimum of cost. The logical result has beenlargely attained cheap houses, cheap grounds, cheap equipment andin too many cases cheap teachers, cheap trustees, cheap county boardsand cheap county superintendents.In fact, so long has this policy prevailed that we have dwarfedeverything pertaining to our schools, even our educators, and most ofall ourselves, the average citizens. The whole outfit is a cheap and inadequate thing for the twentieth century. OUK SLIPSHOD AitfDCHAOTIC SYSTEM, IF SYSTEM IT CAN BE CALLED,. POSSIBLY ANSWERED FAIRLY WELL THE NEEDS OF EOETYOR EIFTY YEARS AGO, but everything else has moved tremendously witiiin that time and moved wTith the greatest celerity and momentum. With "our schools here in Kentucky we have practically stood still,trusting to luck or some other mysterious power to supplement ourindifference and neglect. Not so with other more prosperous andprogressive states,, fully recognizing the value and importance of theirchildren. With enlightened zeal and intelligence their tendency hasbeen- to crowd all the money into their schools that could be judiciously used, looking upon it as a wise, businesslike proposition, amost profitable investment, and so it has proved, states younger andno more favorably situated, with really inferior natural resources surpassing us in material wealth two and three fold.BEFORE WE CAN MAKE THE NEEDED AND DESIRED PROGRESS WE MUST GET THE VIEWPOINT THAT IT IS NOT ONLY OURHIGH AND HOLY DUTY, BUT MOST PROFITABLE, TO SEE OURCHILDREN AND THEIR SCHOOLS FROM TH INVESTMENT SIDEAND PROVIDE GENEROUSLY THE FINANCIAL AID THAT IS IMPERATIVELY NEEDED.Furthermore, we must awaken out of our apathy and see thatthis money is used to the best advantage and not frittered away byincompetence or graft. We have been furnishing two and a half tothree million dollars per annum for our schools for a number of years.What number of citizens have at any time taken the slightest interestto know how this money was being expended ? There seems to havebeen great waste. WE HAVE ALLOWED THE INTEREST OFOUR CHILDREN TO DRIFT INTO POLITICS AND INTOCONFUSION. IT IS HIGH TIME TO CORRECT THIS.w In Boyhood Days.There are no cherries now grownthat compare in flavor with those weused to pick and eat while FarmerJones was at the other end of hisfarm. Harrisburjj Olograph.Th Only One.To every man the most beautifulwoman in the world is that one hemost sadly misses when she is goneand most gladly welcomes when shereturns. Galveston News.One Thing Certain.Mr. Needmore "If you refuse inemy life will be filled with bitternessand gall." The Widow Bullion "Idon't know about the bitterness, butyou're there with the gall, all right."McNally Monarch.IBP The Remington Cubsi 1ft hanE UP a ncw shootinc recordiMETALLICflRTRIDGESSeptember Woman's Home Com"panion.The September Woman's Home Companion is the fall fashion number. Under the direction of Grace MargaretGould, who edits the fashion department, women are shown how theymaydress fashionably and yet economically.There is a great variety of fashionarticles and illustrations, including allthe latest news from Paris and NewYork, which, as everybody knows, arethe centers of dress ideas. MissGould'3 great contention is that womencan keep in style and yet not spendextravagant sums of money. Sheprcves her point ably and presents it' ntertuiningly.Special articles contributed to theSeptember ComDanion are: "TheTown That Had No Slums" ; "ThreeAmerican Duchesses," being an intimate account of the Duchess of Manchester, the Duchess of Roxburgp. and11 e Duchess of Marlborough; "WhatMen Have Meant in My Life." beingin extremely personal a rticle by aereat professional writer; "How ISingf,Tbe JRrsary" an article of adviceto singers by Ernestine SchumannHeink, a great operatic and concertstar, and "Playing Pair," a practicaltalk to business girls, full of storiesof actual cases and other real material.Fiction is contributed by Mary Stewart Cutting,' Juliet Wilbor Topmkins,Frederick M. Smith Mary HastingsBradley, Sophia Chandler and BeulahMarie Diy.There are.numerous illustrations incolors, andthe regular t departmentsare fuj of good reading and practicalideas. . vShoot toMore Their Use Guarantees the Lifethe Continued Accuracy of your Arm.96 years of gun-making 50 years of cartridge-makinghave taught usTo make cartridges noted for straightshooting hard-hitting sure-fire. To attainammunition accuracy without impairing gun accuracy. To make for each kind of arm the .cartridge it requires to shoot its best and tokeep shooting its best.There is a Reminston-UMC cartridge specially madefor your rifle your pistol. Every Remington-UMCcartridge is tested in the arm for which it is made.Our Guarantee is behind these cartridges and behindany standard arm, to the full extent of the maker'sown guarantee, when these cartridges are used.Shoot the cartridges that shoot straight. Shoot thecartridges that keep your gun shooting straight. ShootRemington-UMC cartridges. 0Remington Arms-Union Metallic Cartridge Co.293 BroadwayrsSgsip-3JW'kvj ll(''FHl!ntfll:lll I nilNew York CiiyPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, Sept. 8,75RoundTripIWJHilalflwIIIIII m. Ocnapgyyyw.ifg n JRoundTripSee the Famous High Bridge BAND CONCERT, High Eridge Perk, (Popular Airs.)lickcis sold ai GEO RG ETOWN good only on Special Train leaving at I0.S0 am.Fo? FalMnformntlon Ca!l On Any Ticket Agent, Or AddrecH. C. KlftG, Pa$sngp and Ticket Agent,1ui E. Main St. Phone 4$ LEXINGTON. KY.&mmmmJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!mlVIi.TCSS'' m. .b."TRE J9B RBOfflS OFTHEB0HRBON 'NewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG 4POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.the Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and maded known on application.lUUUWiUiiUc-A1VuJ:h' AyjvSVJ ' V-( 'fs-VvT'ifc, '4; - - -a v" - - -,.,' ?fTHE BOURBON NEWS,. PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST,3XJg- Mili'rkJHrSVLCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc,iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in asanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4-th and MainmmDepartment Store Cor. 7th and MainBwKWrSeSHBLSPECIALPries This WeekExtra fineW01'- jjON-RUSIblj.OYAL CORSET1 SizesI Lengths 98cCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,lKENTUCKY.H'il,-. 4to fk vtrvatp miner in stoves-that stove-artists can do is aat anythe bestyIt Bums OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HeatNo WasteIt is Handy)NoDirtIt Is ReadyNo Delayyf a w n l 'jry - . , i &mVU V9O&-SI0WIt concentraies the heat when ycu want itand where you want it. It is as quick as gas,steadier and handier than coal, cheaper thanelectricity. . ,tThe New Perfection Stove has Jong, enameled,turcuoisc-blce chimneys. It is handsomely finishedin nickel, -with cabinet top, drop shelves, towelrack, etc Made with 1 , 2 or 3 burners.All dealers carry lbs New Perfection Stove.r? r l . nvV AtU MrfT tove- Cook-book alsociv en to anyoae sendmg 5 cents to cover mailing co.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Iacorportei in Keatudcy jCrfrtelfr.:LitTffl.Ky.;AtlBU.C4BiPmIMPARTIMS FRAGRANCE TO TEASpecies of Jasmine Flower Used bytho Chinese to Give Beveragethe Desired Aroma.It Is estimated that the Chinese consume annually five pounds of tea foreach member of the population. Itgrows in small patches around thshomesteads, plantations being practically unknown. The leaves are picked by members of the family anddried in the sun, being subsequentlyhanded over to the middlemen, whosubject them to the process of firing.In the case of green tea the leavesare roasted almost immediately afterthey are gathered, and dried off quickly after being rolled into balls by handand squeezed. There are usuallythree pickings early in April, whenthe leaves are covered with a whitishdown (a limited output known as pekoe) ; toward the middle of May andagain in August. Brick tea is madeby pressing the damp tea in a moldin the form of a brick, 8 to 12 incheslong and about one inch thick. Thefragrance of all scented tea is notnatural, but imparted by firing theleaf with a sort of jasmine flower,called by the Chinese "mok-lee." Ininferior teas the scenting flower isstrewn over the top of the tea whenpacked and removed after a day ortwo. Flowery pekoes are white, velvety tipped teas with no fragranceand are unfermented.UNDER OBLIGATION TO NONEColumbia Has Many Students WhoOwe Their Education to TheirOwn Efforts.One man in three meets at least apart of his expenses by his own earnings at Columbia. Beside the obviousoccupations, like tutoring, stenography, newspaper, library, gymnasium,religious and social work of variouskinds, there is a man who makes hisliving dressing windows; another whopractices osteopathy, another manI xrrll f ilnrirljic T ? o ? T.rt4-Ti? nnti rf"-ll nrrrtuu uiju;o ii io tunc uti, creii u:n;tCwork and the management of a theatrical star; a teacher in the Ferrerschool, a taxidermist, an expert incolor photography, a vaudeville performer, a hospital orderly, a Pullmanporter, a printer, technical assistantsfrom three of the great city laboratories, a professional baseball playerand a tree doctor.One of the most popular undergraduates started life as a newsboy. Lastwinter a sophomore of eighteen wastempted away from the college by theoffer of a $2,000 position in a publishing house, where he had worked before coming to Columbia. One student spends his summers upon a Central American plantation; anotheradds not only to his own income butto the reputation of the university bycontributions to the most dignified ofAmerican reviews. Columbia Monthly.ii?&i r rcr a nuuiiium suui, j wi v - ., ,Premature Burial.M. Thoinot, professor of forensicmedicine to the Paris Academic deMedicine, has been lecturing uponpremature burial, an accident the fearof which is, perhaps, not so prevalentas it was in the days of Edgar Poe.He gave an interesting description ofthe many inventions devised for theaoidauce of this, including the insertion of a breathing tube in the mouthot tho corpse, which is broughtthrough the lid of the coffin and projected from the grave. But he declaredthat no precaution was so satisfactoryas that of delaying the burial untilthe signs of putrefaction are apparent.The provisions of the code Napoleon,which ordain that no burial shall takeplace until twenty-four hours afterdeath and inspection by the medicalauthority of the district, are, he said,entirely adequate on this point, andif they are carried out to the full, noone need have any fear of being buried alive.VHomesickness Spoils Photographs.Aunt Maria thought, and so did herrelatives in the big city, that thephotographer was unpardonably discourteous. For three successive dayshe refused to take Aunt Maria's photograph. On the fourth day he toldwhy."In justice to her," he said, "I donot want to take her pictures now.She is too homesick. Most out-of-townpeople want to be photographedwhile in the city. If they are longingfor home I put them off with one ez-I cuse or another until the homesickness wears off."If you want your aunt's pictures toturn out well, just hunt up some onefrom her home town who happens tobe visiting here at present and bringhim here so she will meet him unexpectedly. The meeting will put sparkleand animation into her face, and neither she nor I will be disappointedwith the photographs."-sr.What He Took. I. . i sm, iroing down the river to spendSundaywith the folks," panted theexcited week-end jaunter, as he swungaboard a moving car. "No, I don'tneed any luggage; all I take for these"week-end excursionc is just a nightbrush and a tooth-gown.'"NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cocl. Three firstclass barliprs. My bath tubs are alwavs'ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.Car3 leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll p.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m.and at 11 :15 p. rn.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. rn., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m.. and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. "GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville everv forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 ,p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.'m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfh Eagle Not Always Brave." Eagles are generally believed to bevery courageous. That they are notalways as brave as is supposed Isproved by the following anecdote: Anaturalist tells of a combat betweenten missel-thrushes and a white-tailedeagle, in which the latter was thoroughly vanquished, and was discovered squatting down in a shed, wherehe had been driven in hope of refugefrom the angry birds.Jlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cent,1"1Shampooing 25 Cents. -Work done promptly and satisfactiOKguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 66fIJz.xZj. .,,... j .fc:pME3IO DAY:1$3...SEPTEMBER...9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 1912.AT THE.Kentucky State FairLIBERAL PREMIUMS' OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean MidwayLIBERATTS BANDFarmer Boys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATESfcFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalogue, AddressJ. I. DENT. SECY.320PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KYdHfarMtlHia'lV&V J1(fsBourbon Laundry fDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetYfe Take Pleasure.in "oing np the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelanndry line. "That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.A !'! FLANDERS -Automobiles E-M-F j ! LU i -iX T&tioModefs Cc&& jH S f2 if .You Want the Best m1 7ki Not the Cheapest mJ! "" - FWIors "20" Roadster, $750 Jsifa )U yi 7Finding the Frowned.. Occasionally one reads that, whenhuman bodies are thought to be in rivers and cannot be found, "a loaf ofbread has been floated down thestream." But very few people havethe least idea what connection thereis between bread and the finding ofbodies. Yhen the river has beendragged without result, a loaf of breadis cut in two, a place hollowed out inthe middle, and a quantity of quicksilver inserted. The two halves ofthe loaf are then fastened togetheragain, and the bread is thrown intothe water in the place where the bodyis supposed to be. "Without fail theloaf floats along until it reaches thevicinity of the body, and then revolvesquickly, hovering over the spot.Poit be alarmed if seme tody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20' corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modem carat a low price. If ycu pay less j ou buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far mere in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,L't buy the $750 Flanders "20." Ic will wear forj-ears. Rememberthe Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, ccnr.dince and comfortinto the bargain.I7e can prove it Send fcr new catalogue'Th6 Studebaker CorporationDetrciidonthisGfviicn.Bourbon Garage & Supply Company.5 lg!sriBaiM5glgai,4i"lr.Mt'v -1fl'-titf fife BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, .KENTUCKY AUGUST. 30, 1912ti'- iz! Ifflitfifofit.:-H''.i4jiriWVfj;hftesGEO. W. DAVIS jPONERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH'PHOTESDAY13'7; NIGHT S99.HMMMMBOCMMB WMHM SB flMMBHBll1";e Jorae of Corcf Tootwear'PAN C0HEN11?lThe Last And!r uia iOnSummerAnd Oxfords.The season for us is drawingfast to a close and the Large Shipments of Fall Footwear now arriving necessiates a quick clearanceof all Summer Footwear. Ourorders are to clear the shelves ofall Summer Goods. We will notcarry over any oxfords into nextseason.We have markedGet HereTOMORROW,WednesdayWithout fail as these low prices-will cause great joy to those appreciating good Footwear and thevalue orlesLu --vasShoes and Pumpsbelow Cost.Get yours whilehave the size.DAN COMEIN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.H tnjiiAlldown every shoein the house toprices that mustsell them quick.Not a PairEscaped.money.Bucknowwei&y iMIIXERSBURG ITEMS.-Mr. J. G. Allen is recuperating atWest Baden, Ind.Mrs. Jas. Hutsell, of Mr. Sterling,is the guest of relatives here.Misses Daugherty, ot Cynthiana,are guests of Mrs. Athby Leer.Mr. and Mrs. Rubert Johnson arevisiting relatives at Columbus, CMrs. Bettie Martin is the guest ofTV T J It -nt Tin m linV I V f ! olyMr. M. P. Coll i2r has returnedhomeafter a two-weeks' sojourn at SwangoSprings.Mrs. Emma Long spent Wednesdaywith her sister, Mrs. K. B. iiutchins,of Lexington.Miss Hazel Kerr will leave Mondayto take un her duties as teacher atPleasant Green.Mr.'and Mrs. Ora Manning, of Flemingsburg, are guests of Mr. S. W.Berry and family.Miss Jennie Man'e Pepper has returned home after a two-weeks' visitat Paintsville, Ky.Mrs. Mollie'Iurner and Miss LauraGraves, of Mt. Sterling, are guests ofMrs. S. B. Turner.Mr. John G. Smedley has been confined to his home for several weeks onaccount of sickness.Mrs. B. F. Goodman, of Paris, wasthe guest of her father, Mr. JamesMcNamara, this week.Mrs. Joe Mock spent Tuepday inFrankfort, having gone with a partyin an automobile from Paris.Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Wells have returned home after several Weeks visitto relatives and friends at Mt. Olivet.Mrs. Ben Caldwell.of Moorefield.andMrs. Arris Wiggins, of Carlisle, areguests of their parents, Mr. and Mrs.J. R. Taylor.Mr. T. E. Savege returned Mondayfrom Cincinnati, naviug accompamenhis daughter, Mrs. Klocksen.of Michigan, that farMisses Vee and Christine Fattersonhave returned home after a severalwetks' visit to their sister, Mrs. Harlan Parrish, at Lexington.Drv W. G. Dailey, who has been confined to his room for beveral weekswith blood poison in his toe, has notbeen so well for the past lew days.The wedding of Miss Ruth Johnsonand Mr. Lee Insko, of thi3 place, wassolemnized Tuesday night at the Methodist study at Pais, Rev. Sims officiating. 'Ihe wedding was very quietand a surprise to their many friends.Miss Johnson is the attractive daughter of Mrs. J. C. Fightmaster. Mr.Insko is the son of Mr. and Mrs. JoeInsko and is a worthy young man.They were the recipients of many useul and handsome presents and the congratulations ot their friends arc extended to them.Notice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respectvullyrequested to call and do so at once,Rebpectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN.Buys Cypress Street Lot.Mr. Geo. C. Thomphon, of Paris,bought last week from Miss MaryFeeback, of Atlanta, Ga., a fifty foctbuilding lot on the VVest side of Cypress street, in Bourbon Heights.Prica $550 cash. This property islocated near the property of Mr.Thompson.RELIGIOUS.Rev. F. M. Lightfnot will be inhis pulpit at the Baptist Church SunJSday morning and.evenmg at the usualhours.The Rev. Geo. H. Harris, Rector ofSt. Peter's church, announces thatopening ot St. Peter's Sunday Schoolwill take place on the second Sundayin next month, September at 9:30a. m.Sunday, September 1, the Rt. Rev.Lewis W. Burton, D. D. Bishop ofthe Diocese of Lexington, will visitSt. Peter's Episcopal church to administer the apostolic rite of confirmation. Bishop Button who is wellk lown.in Paris as able and instructivepreacner will also deliver the sermon. The hour for service is 10:45a. m., and a cordial invitation is extended to all to attend this service.At Cost.childrensLadies'cost.12jly-tf.andOxfor s atFELD'S SHOE STORE.BIRTHS.Born. Tuesday morning to theWife of Waller Martin, a daughter. inircl born.Attend Bourbon Fair.Attend the Bourdon Fair, Sept. 3-7.inclusive. Bigger and better thanever. A premium list unexcelled byany fair in the State of Kentucky.Plenty of attractions both day andnight. Michaels'- celebrated concertband. 2i-3tTOBACCO INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstfire and wind.JOE MITCHELL.DEATHS.Mrs. Lottie Herrington, aged 19years, died in Mt. Sterling Wednesday. "Ihe rem?ins weie brought toParis Thursday at 3:30 o'clock andtaken to the residence of her fatherand mother. Mr. and Mrs. GranvilleTurner on West street.She is survived by her husband,father and mother and one sister, MissMary Turner and six brothers, all ofParis Robei't, Mason. James, Thos.,Alvin and.Blanton. The funeral willtake place Friday, services by Rev.Sharrard at the grave in Paris cemetery at 10 o'clock.Mrs Frank's-WiH Probated.The will of Mrs. Julia A. Frankwas admitted to probate in the countycourt Wednesday afternoon. The instrument, which bears date of January0, "1911, disposes of her estate to herchildren, Misses Helen and CarrieFrank, of Paris, Dr. Louis Frank, ofLouisville, Dr. Ben. Frank, of NewYork. Messrs. Robert and BismarkFrnnk, of Patis, and is as follows:I, Mrs. Julia Frank, of Paris, Ky.,being of sound and disposing mind,but knomg the uncertainty ot life, domake and publish this instrument ofwriting as and tor my last will andtestament.First 1 direct the payment of myfuneral enxenses and any just debts Imav oweat my death, and after the.payment of any indebtedness I mayowe, at my death, 1 dispose of my estate as follows:Second bequeath to my son LouisFrank, to whom I lately advancedSI, 000, five shares of the BourbonBank, of Paris, Ky.Third I teueath toBismarck Frankten shares of the capital stuck of theBourbon Bank of Paris, Ky.Fourth I bequeath to BenjaminFrank ten ahares of the capital stockot the Deposit Bank of Paris, Ky.Fifth 1 bequeath to Robert Frankten shares ot the capital stock of theDeposit Bank, of Paris, Kentucky.Sixth I bequeath to Benjamin Frankand Robert Frank jointly three snaresof the capital stock of the BourbonBank of Paris, Kentucky.Seventh I bequeath to Julian FrankS3,000 in United States Bond., auvanced by me to h.m between thedate ot this will and my death.Eighth I beueath and devise to mydaughters, Carrie Frank and HelenFrank 30intly all of my remainingbonds, bank stock and all other per;sonal property owned by me at mvdeath,-not specifically otherwise beueathed by the foregoing wil in sections one to seven inclusive.I also devise to Helen Frank andCarrie Frank jointly, the lot and storethereon, located on Main street inParis, Kentucky, recently conveyedto me bby E. F. Rash, and all otherreal etate, which I may own at mydeath wherever situated, my purposebeing to make them residuary legitees and devisees, after first deductingthe portions of my estate otherwisewiliel in -sections from one to seveninclusive.Ninth I nominate and appoint mydaughters, Carrie Frank and HelenFrank executois of this my last willand testament and request the couitnot to require any bond or surety as&uch.Witness my hand, this the ninthdav of January,.1911.JULIA FRANK.Witnesses-C. T. Kenney. Root. C.Talbott.Every Day a Feature.Every clay ot the Bourbon Fair,September 15-7, will have its specialfeatures. Every day will be a bigday A grand collection of the mostfamous blooded stock in Kentucky tocontest for the liberal premiums. Attractions both day and night.Officials For Fair Selected.With prospects greahr than everbefore for a successful fair, the sixtyfilth annual exhibition ot the BourbonCounty Argicultural Society will beginnext Tuesday, Sept. 3, to cont.nuthroughout the week. Practically allof the available stable room on triegrounds has been ergaged by stockreisers and horsemen.Wo-jkmen are now engaged in nutting the grounds in proper conditionfor the fair. A contract has neenclosed with the Jones Amuseent Company to furnish the amusement attrations for .the week.No effort is being spared by the officers and directors of the society tomake the fair abrilliant success. Atj a meeting of the directors held Wednesday afternoon the following judgesto act during the week were selected :Hcrsts T. M. Wilson. Cave City,Kv., W. Bs Burton, Lancaster, Kv.Jack Stack Wm. Young, Fourbon.Mules Fletcher eMann, Lexington.Sweepstakes, Maury Baird. Lexington.Hogs J. Hughes Spurr, Lexington.Cattle Horace Gay, Pisgah, Ky.Sheep J. Hal Woodford, Paris.Poultrv Mr. Ewalt, Cincinnati, O.The one judge system, which hasproven so successful in many fairsthroughout the State, and which forthe first time was used here last year,will prevail during the fair.3 The following officials to actduringthe fair were selected :Maysville pike, George W. Judy,seller, Hiram Kennedy, taker.lnterurban cate. J. A. Squires andClydeJKeller, sellers, S. B. Ewalt andW. O. Turners takers.Railroad gate, Joseph Godman. seller, Natnan Goodman, taker.Stall Superintendent, J. WalkerPavne.Ring gate keeper, M. F. Kenney.Ring announcer, Col. Geo. D.Speakes.Stock marshal, Wa'kir Kiser.Matron, Mrs. Frank Jacobs.Ground police. J. C. Elgin, ThomasCraven; riiountpd police, Gran Denton,Mason Forsvth, Joteph Houston nightpolice, Claude Tobin and ThomasFaris.The contract for lighting thegrounds was closed with the Pan'sLighting Company.Judges for some of the variousclasses of stock were selected and willbe announced wl en list is complete.Big Poultry Show.The Bourbon Fair, September 3-7,will have the biggest poultry andpigeon show of any county fair.Sell Biiicks.Yeikes & Prichard, agents for theBuick Automobile ComDany, sold Saturday to Mr. James Ferguson, of nearParis, a model 40, five passengerBuick touring car. The machine,which cost $1,650, will be deliveredbeptember 1. The same firm also soldto Wra. Kenney Ferguson, of Bourbon, a model 24, Buick roadster, at950, w'H be delivered Sept. 1.g Get Ready For the Fair.'Look over yuur China and Glasswareand let us filj your wants now for theBourbon Fair.27-2t FOKD & CO.Operated la This, City as Well.J. A. Chumley, sged about 17, wasarrested in ElizabethtowD on a chargeof passing bogus checks. Complaintshave been registered from seveal c.thercities and tne authorities at Elizabethtown are holding the youth, who posing as an automobile agent, workedthe "cold" check game very successful.Chumley was in Paris three weeksago and while here gave out one of hisbogus checks, but later paid it off incash. He was not suspected of beingcrooked from the fact that the che"ckwas for a small amount. A few daysafter his arrival in Paris the drugstore of G. S. Varden & Son was entered and about $50 taken from thecash register. Chumley disappearedthe day following the robbery.A warrant charging him with housebreaking was in the hands of the localpolice when it became known that hehad been taken into custody at Elizabethtown. Chum'ey's home is atNashville. Tenn.Season Tickets For Sale.Season Tickets for the BourbonFar are on sale at the followingplaces. Same to be had at $2,00:J. W. Davis & Co.Lowry & Talbott.Frank & Co.Ford &' Co.Ciarke & Co.J. T. Hinton.Deposit Bank.Agricultural Bank.First National Bank.Tickets will be with drawn at thisprice after fair commences. 30-2t.The Candy Wi h Class.Martha Washington Candy, 50 centsper pound, good as any at twice theprice.BUTLER'S.27-4t Opp. Court House.Coburn's Minstrels to Open Season. The recular show season at the ParisGrand will open on Wednesday, Sept.4, whenj J. A. Coburn's Greater Minstrels will fill their annual fair date.Mr. Coburn is one of the oldest -minstrelmen in the business, and he promises to give the best performance thathe has ever arranged.The performance will include an oldtime minstrel first part. Leslie D.Berry is interlocutor, and on the endswill be found such comedians as ArchWilson, Allen Settle and Con Luble.Songs wili be rendered by the following vocalists: C. II. Crockett, CharleyGano, Richard Teitge, Lestre Lucasand others.An olio of six big acts will followthe first part. "The Frolic of the Iogie Men," a msdley dancing diveristy,produced by Charley Gano, is said tobe one of the prettiest acts ever used-by the Coburn Minstrels.Their engagement is for one nightonlv. and all vho appreciate minstrelsy in the highest type should notfail to see this preformanceAnother feature of the Coburn Minstrels is their street parade in themorniner, and the rfpe concert beforethe Derlormance at night.Amusemant Features at F. ir.The amusement features at theBourbon Fair, September 3-7 includea number of excellent attractions.All clean and wholesome, runningday. and night.Camp Meeting.At Blue Grass Park, Sunday, SeDf.8, will be largelv attended by the colored people. The Rev. Quarles has aspecial sermon that clay for the oldsoldiers and the sisters of the ReliefCorns. He has secured good helpfrom able ministers on that day.Carry your baskets and spend the dayat the Park.R. QUARLES,Manager.Boy Killed Has Relatives in Paris.Ray Claik, aged 19 years, died atthe Harrison Hospital in Cynthiana,Wednesday morning from injuries received by being run over by a freighttrain at Robertson Station in Harrisoncountv. Clark, whose home was atMyers Station, Nicholas county, wasemployed with a construction sang indouble tracking the Louisville andNashville railroadThe accident occured about 7 o'clockTuesday night when the young manwas standing on the track and a freighttrain backed down upon him. Bothlees were horribly mangled. He wasrushed tothe Cynthiana hospital whereboth legs were amputated, the rightnear the bodjand left below the knee.The shock of the terrible ordeal wastoo severe and he succumbed to his injuries. The body was taken to Myersfor burial Wednesday evening.Clark was a nephew of Mrs. JamesCarrington, of this city, who attendedthe funeral yesterday.Bigger and Better.Bigger and better than ever theBourbon Fair Sept 3-7 inclusive.Every day will have its . specialfeatures.NOTICE.Gty taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Barak.C K. TSIOiMS,City Collector.26-lfPublic School to Open Monday,The Paris Public Schools will beopened Monday, September 2, and following enrollment a recess until thefollowing Monday will be taken on account of the fair, which begins onTuesday, September 3.It is very imnortant that all pupils,especially the High School nunils, enroll Monday, September 2, so thatbooks may be secured from the localbook store during that week.All new pupils and those vho havebeen studying during vacation, especially, must enroll Monday, September 2 .STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES;While .Boyle county has had abnudant rains certain sections ot Mercercounty, are suffering from a severedrought. Most of the rains have beenlocal and while the crops m surrounding counties will be short on accountof the dry weather the yields in Boylepromise to be prolific. The corn crcnin Boyle is something immense.With only about S300 worth of cornin controversy, the sixth trial of thesuit between Jesse N. Fishback andPerry Ward, two farmers,, is now being heard in the Quarterly Court atCarlisle. In the five preceding trialsthree have resulted in hung juries andthe other two have been followed byappeals. The cost is now severaltimes the amount in controversy.Due to the almost entire failure of the corn crop throughout thegreater part of Central America muchsuffering exsts.there, according to advices rceeived rere. Many of thepoorer classes have been reduced tothe verge of starvation, it is said, andwith little Drospect for immediate relief the situation has bceome graveduring the past few weeks..Farm demonstrators from the Federal Department of Agriculture willbe stationed in ten counties in Kentucky next year. The Governmentand the StatP each have an aDDromriation to be used for this purpose, and abig manufacturing and distributingconcern has adopted the policy of allotting SI, 000 to each of certain counties selected in a State jfor the purpose of promoting agriculture, on "thetheory that as agriculture prosperstheir sales increase.These demonstrators will give expert advice to farmers regardingmatters bearingonJ the character ofsoil, rotation of cropa, methods of cultivationa and fertiliaztion, laying offthe farm, drainage, building 3ilos.barns, etc., and all questions arisingin"connection with practical farming.Their method of demonstrating iaunique. They make arrangements withthe farmer whereby he plants his cropin a field according to his ideas, thenthe demonstrator takes a portion ofthe same field, plants the same kind ofcrop, after the most approved methods, and demonstrates, side by sidewith the farmer, the advantage ofscientific methods.The counties in which the demonstrators are to be located will bechosen so as to have the demonstrations on diverisfied kinds of soil. Commissioner Newman hones beiore histerm ex-pies to have a demonstrator inevery county, beileving the weatlh ofthe State can be mutipiedll. "If thiscan be done." said Commissioner Newman, "the increased yield will pav theexpenses of the State government tentimes over in a year."Wanted.To buy a second-hand Corn Brskerf Iso a power Fodder Cutter with Blow,erJattachment. Call New Phone 2014,o rewriteB. C. WHEAT,27-2t Paris. Ky.FREE!25 all differentForeign Post,age Stamps foryour name andAddress.Start a Stamp Collection. Instructiveas well as interesting. We send out anice lot oi Stamrs (France, Sweden,Luxenburg, Holland, Cuba, Hawaii,etc. etc.) Mounted on sheets on approval to select from at 1-2, 1, 2, 3. 4and 5 cents each, Start collectionnow. Sjmply addressThe John l, Stuart Go.Paris, Ky., U.S. A.Violin Class.I have organized 2 class in violin andhave several open periods for new pupils. Lessons given at Paris PublicSchool Building and at my home onPleasant street.MISS GOLDIE SALOSHIN,23-4t E. T. Phone 296.LOST.J"On Maysville Dike, between Kedmon pike and Paris, a package containing embroidered collar done inblack and cuff. Finder return to thisoffke for reward. 20-2tFAIR!Great Values FridaySewing Machine Oil, highgrade oil, guaranteed not togum, 10c size, special at 5 centsa bottle.Buggy Whips, special purchase,all high grade whips, be sure youget one, regular $1,00 whips at50c; regular 75c whips at 50c;regular 50c whips at 25c.Fancy Decorated Jce CreamSaucers 2 for 5c. Only 12 soldto any one customer.Bird Gages, 69c and up.Straw Cuffs, a pair, 5c.After dinner Cups and saucrs6 'cups,' 6saucers, and 6 plates,1alMor 60-. .tTHE FA1I-4-J )Is., ,. ' ?! 5-' .