K'if. ? - - t...PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY 'AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-ft,VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MARCH 19. 1912BOURBONTHENEWS4lIIFSIaslitIP17'TJried and ounci SuMyOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the Least Money.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans good Corn 1 5 cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 22' 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus .' 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 OcNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 45 c8 bars Lenox Soap 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25f& Sack..' 70c50-Sfc Sack 1 .401 O-fib Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.M7StIsittBoth Phones 234setAn Early ShipmentOPSpring Bats and CapsFORMEN AND BOYSWe Arc Showing All Latest Shapes and Colorsmm188$$A Beautiful Line of Shirts at50c, $1,$1.50Come in and Let Us Take Your Measure forYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.50 to $45.00500 Samples on DisplayPRi6&&60.6ioinier$mmCircuit Court.Little buisnesa has been transactedin the Circuit Court in the past fewdays. Yesterday tho case of the Commonwealth vs. Ben Hickman, underindictment for the murder of DaveRobinson, colored, was culled but owing to the absence of important witnese the case was assigned for thisafternoon.The damage suit of Calvin Elam'sAdministrator against the Paris Gasand Electric Co., was entered into andthe jury secured. Three witnesses hadbeen examined when court adjournedyesterday afternoon. The suit is forthe amount of $20,000 which the plaintiff claims for the death of Elam whowas in the employ of the Home Telephone Co., and who it is alleged cameto his death by coming in contact witha live electric wire while in the discharge his duties and was knockedfrom a telephone pele on Higgins avenue which resulted in instant death.The defendants are represented byJudge Denis Dundon and Hon. C. M.Thomus, while Talbott and Whitleyrepresented the plaintiff.The grand jury which adjourned b riday will resume its deliberationsagain this morning.FRIDAY.The jury in the case of QueenieJackson vs. J. H. Haggard returned averdict in favor of Mr. Haggard Friday morning. The caae was a suit for61 alleged to be due on a note. Thejury failed to reach an agreementThursday aftrenoon and were excuseduntil Friday mcrning when the verdictwas returned.The jury in the case of the Commonwealth vs. Harry Barton on, a chargeof chicken stealing brought in a verdict of guilty Friday afternoon. aThnpenalty is from 1 to 5 years in thepenitentiary.The grand Jury, upon its requestwas excused until Tuesday morning at9 o'clock when it will resume its deliberations. The body made a partialreport returning a number of indictments but by order of the court theyare withheld until bench warrants areissued and served.ammWill Attend Iniatiation.Seventy-five members of RathboneLodgo No. 22, K. of P.,willgo to Lexington Friday night on a special interurban car leaving Paris at 7 :30 o'clockto witness the iniation of a class ofthree hundred in that city.Wright Is Given Judgment.Win. Wright, formerly a resident ofthis city, was given a judgment of$500 against Patrolman Chas. Thomas,a member of the Paris Police forceand his surety, the American Bonding Co., of Baltimore, in the UnitedStates Circuit Court at Frankfort Friday. The suit was the resultfleged assault on the paryiolf-tendant, wnen arresting i ugtw uu mtinight of August 27, 1910, in which the"1latter sustained severe injuries. Inthe Bourtion Circuit Corut Thomas wasassessed a fine of $25 and costs for theoffense. A large number of witnesseswere summoned in the case. The defendant was represented by AttorneyJuhn Williams, the bonding companyby Judge Ira Julian, of Frankfort,while Attorney P. A. Thompson, ofthis city, represented the plaintiff.Wright, who is at present employed asassistant manager of the cloak department in the Mabley & Carewestablishment in " Cincinnati, passedthrough Paris Sunday enroute to thatcity.DEATHS.Mrs. Mary Lou Myall died in Lexington Sunday night after a protractedillness. Mrs. Myall was aged about 45years and was the wife of the late EJ. Myall. She was the daughter ofMrs. Mary Lou Smedley, of this city.One daughter, Miss Louise Myall,student at the Millersburg FemaleCollege, Burvives. The funeral willtake palce this afternoon at 3 o'clockin the Paris cemetrey conducted byRev. E. M. Lightfoot, of the Baptistchurch.Attend the Minstrel.Don't fail to attend the performanceof the Bourbon Black Blitzens at theOpera House tomorrow night.SprinOpening!Thursday,March 21cGrand Display ofIVIBLLINERY, 'SUITS, COATS,DRESSES, SKIRTS,WAISTS, DRY GOODS.Everybody as cordiallyinvited to be present.1 .,iFv-.I ,- -J :D"es!zned bfHi"h. Wickwic CdCOME IN AND HAVE A FITJIT Dress weli and you will feel andwork weiL I o do so you neednot pay a fictitious price to a tailor.Dressed in one of our smart Suits iI you canSteb in The Easter ParadeThe Best of Them. -1-JTT The very latest m Stetson Soft 2Til Hate 4v colorf fvrm Itvi ri rrstyles now complete. Stetson andKorrect Shape Shoes.Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MienParis, KentuckyIaw "iTSLBi t ii ii 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 u .iiim uiiiu iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiunxniiiii'iiiiinriiiiiiiiiiiriiiLriiniiiiiiiiiiniiniiiiiuM!!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiFRANK Sc CO.,The Store Where Reliability Reigns.2v -Now ShowingNewest Spring StylesInLadies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses andCoats..n,. Come in and Take a Look. -fifSpecialSILK SKIRTS, - $1.98Black, White and All Colors.Music from 1 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.The Simon Department Store.SPECIALTobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.Frank & Co.Paris, - - Kentuckyh I uiiiii!' itiii i in i r m mmm sShhmhu u ijj i i wi uiiiiiiiiiiiiiu l ii II liririiiivutrjiJiiaiiHiiHiiHHiiirrTnrTtiHi4'r- I "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 19, 1912FREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEOne of the most remarkable proofs"of the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As ,many lettersare received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men and"women of sixty, seventy and eightyyears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constitution and"bowel trouble in old people it has noegual. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do nor to take Dr. Caldwell'sS BourbonD AVIS & FUNK, Props.W Telephone No. 4.asBourbontoParis,JlLocandaThe Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:094, tbe world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33.Holder of world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter Billiken (3) 2:16 1-4, Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading") sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18."Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.19Sire of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:08, Betsy G."2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 X (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12,lNedra W. 2:14Ji, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16, (chamTrion of Europe) Durgee 2:19 and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.The'celebrated JamefiE. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomMack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris, Ky.tne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.Jf you are looking for "The""Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactory,purchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and coldJ baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Syrup Pepsin. You can prolong yourlife by healthy bowel action. Cloggedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the Na-.-tional Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor.Address him Dr. W. B. Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Monticello, 111.VLaundryOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it-, and itsQuality is guaranteed. Givefus a trial order. You'llnot wregrer it.Laundry,2:02FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus Rhubarb, Roses, Peonies andPhlox everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.H, F. Hillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.loom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones g1. .( E T 334Residence -j omeDR. A. U ' KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,?Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyFOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson H'ggins avenue, and two. hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Parii, Ky.KesiissckyTHE BOURBON NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading: notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Here is Real liumor.Those millionaire woolen trustmagnates at Lawrence?, Mass., arenothing if not humorous.As evidence of their humcr, witness Jpay fnvelope No. 1607, issued to Law-1rence mill worker. On the back cfthis envelope, solemnly put there by !the Broadway Savings Bank, a woolen itrust institution, was this advice:'"Do not spend all your incume. Start!a bank account and be independent. Aman's duty to himself is to save someof his earnings." Now for the woulentrust joke. Just opposite this fatherly advice were the figures $6.05. Thiswas the worker's full week's pay."Buy a home, " was the advice toanother employe, on the edge of whosepay envelope was written $2. "Afteryou have ptid the grocery bill for afamily of five or aix,"z' suggests thefatherly old woolentrust, "and boughtsome coal, and paid the landlord ftisshare, and tickled the baby with anew pair of shoes, and paid the doctorbill, and purchased some warm underclothes for Willie.'and bought mama anew shawl, take what is left of yourwages and buy a home."Howjong are the American peoplegoing to stand for this kind of humorLawrence vs. Foreign Wages.Here is a comparison of full timewages paid in England, and at Lawrence, Mass., U. S. A., which fails tosubstantiate the high protectionisttheory that it is necessary to place ahigh tariff on woolen clothing in orderto protect American workers fromwhat American truat magnates delightto describe as "foreign pauper labor."The figures 'show that the so called"foreign pauper labor" receives a3much wages as the all but pauperlabor at Lawrence, whife the cost ofliving is much higher here than inEngland.In England spinners receive from$9.50 to $12 perweek; in Lawrencethey are paid from $5.10 to S7.70 perweek.English weavers receive $2.75 perweek for attending looms; in Lawrence the rate is 83 cents per loom.The English weaver makes as muchattending two looms as the Araeri canmakes for taking care of seven.In the English mills the average nayof women workers of all classes is $5per week r the average in Lawrencefor the same clas of work is $5.10.The English mill worker who windsthe spun wool receives $9 per week :his brother twiner at Lawrence receives a dollar a week less.Tbe woolen trust wants protectionfor the sole reason that through protection it is able to gouge the consumer, while at the same time paying thelowest pussible wages to its employes.Site for Mansion Selected.The new residence for the Governorof Kentucky, costing $75,000, will beerceted on Logan street, on the siteowned by Attorney L. b Johnson.The Capitol commission met Thursdaynight and agreed on the purchase ofthe Johnson property. The site isnear the Capitol, on a prominenceoverlooking the Kentucky river, andis in plain view of the interurban andsteam railway lines enterinc? the f?fi of Frankfort.Rich Find of Opals.A short time ago a party of threeminers came upon a sensational findof opal in old ground at White Cliffs,N. S. W. They came upon the stone15 feet below the surface, lodgedround a massive boulder 8 feet square.It Is the biggest find unearthed foryears, and comprises some beautifulstones.In No Danger.Hawkshaw Holmes "I wish to bovaccinated." Doctor "What's Tourbusiness?" Hawkshaw Holmes "Iam a detective." Doctor "Stand outof line, please, and give somebodyelse a chance. There is no danger ofyour ever catching anything."The Base fifell Slaves.The principal reasons why Americansdo not take seriously the proposerCongressional investigation of the socalled "base ball trust" is becausethey know so much about base ball,says the Cincinnati Times-Star.The average'American may have only a vague idea and a smattering olinformation concerning business combinations, but of base ball hi3 knowledge is full and complete. He knowsits history and its present status. Heknows what a puny thing it was before there wa3 such a thing as organization and what a mighty nationalinstitution it has become because oforganization.Nor does the 'talk of "base ballsalvery" at all impress the averagecitizen. He has heard it before, buthe has never accepted it as more thana high sounding phrase with little orno truth for its basis. If -there aiebas- eball slaves they are at leastbound by golden shackles, and many afreeman envies their condition.The kind of slavery that pays to itsvictim a total of $10,000,000 a yearwould not appear to demand suppression. The victims themselves would bethe first to protest against any propaganda for their freedom. In organizedbase ball there uare now some $6,000players slaves, perhaps, but verygrateful for their enslavement. Fromthe Class D. playeru among the minorsto the stars of the big leagues theyare receiving salaries of from $1,000to $10,000 for worK that is at leasthalf play and that la-ts net more thansix months of the year.Talk of "base ball "slavery" is buncome pure and simple, and as everybody knows it, it cannot possibly influence public opinion concerning thepresent admirable condition of thegreat American sport.The Romance ol Senator Gore.Although his wife supplies the placeof eyes to Senator Gore, "the blindorator of Oklahoma," she laughinglydisclaims all merit. u"Why," ahe saysnaively, "he waits on me and does innumerable little things which manymen neglect. People asked me whenwew ere married if I was not veryEorry for him. Such a thing as pjfcynever entered my thoughts. We tfrstmet at a picnic, which was partlypolitical. I heard him speak and hefairly wiped up the earth with hisopponent. I .was a girl of eighteenand was just carried away with admiration for his splendid intellect, but 1never dreamed of his being my futurehusband."On the evening of that eventful day,Gore wrote to his mother, "I havemet the girl that is going to ba myfuture wife if I can win her." Andhis mother never doubted that hewould do so. Four years later thewedding took place; and it has oftenbeen remarked that no happier familyexists than the Gores. "Affairs atWashington" Joe Mitchell Chappie, inNational Magazine for March.Queen 4 Crescent Route.Reduced fares to Cincinnati and retrun account World in Cincinnati," amissionary exposition of interest toall. Tickets on sale i March 11 to 13,inclusive; 18 to 20 inclusive; 25 to 27,incluisve; and April 1 to 3, inclusive;good returning within four days including date of sale. Apply to nearestticket agent Queen & Crescent routefor full information.Ow Lives to Pet Dog.Awakened early one morning, recently, by the frantic barking of hiscollie dog, a resident of Maxwellton,Dumfriesshire, Scotland, discoveredthat the house was filled with gas. Thefrightened man was just in time to rescue the members of his family, whowere almost overcome by the gas.The Spires of Life.Many men build as cathedrals werebuilt the part nearest the groundfinished, but that part which soarstoward heaven, the turrets and thespires, forever incomplete. Henry;Ward Beecher.How The Body Mils Germs.Genns that f t into bare Jsof the blood, fUtiud ox a healthy person always has somesubstance iS we do : not Anffn fe f djsease ThJ fountain headgerm-killing substance ,n it "bI ;cak and impaired stomach and who? Tnot t W.d SllSi find that his blood has become weakdoes not proper! "-- u . . wlv inrooerlv and insufficiently nour-J. H. Mabtdi, Esq.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL MRBCTOB AND LICENSED EMBAIMER.BOTH 'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.CTHMU'Mm.i HfcjJiWiffla.'ra esammsemstrWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to fry a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone Coi Incorporated,.NOTICETOBUC&B&.n) FAMERS!Market Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374JRnnic LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooino; 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTParis, KerLtTJ.ofe.-yALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMEran iiicni4m.exceuea ur. iiws - e . i j ; - V7glyceric extract (without alcohol), of bloodroot, goldenseal and Oregon grape root, stone root, mandrake andquecn'3 root with black cherrybark." .Iv husband was a sxifTcrcr from stomach trouble and.imoure blood." writes Mr.s. James H. Martin, of Frankfort Kv "He had a soro on his face that would form ascab which would dry and drop off in about a month, then,another would immediately form. It continued this wayfor a long time. He trieii every remedy that, any one wouldS4t but found no relief. He then tried Dr .Pierce'sGolden Medical Discovery which completely cured him. Hehas stayed cured now for two years. and I recommend thisvaluable medicine for impurities of the blood.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigoratestomach, liver and bowels, Sugar-coated, tiny granules.TTirTiinni aawnsgaaModern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.NEWARBERSHOPwill not be yours unless yewMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!Come in and see them. Theyare the best made. v,iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 19, 1912.. i ; :Lady Pamela'sDishonorableDeed(Copyright, 11)11, by Associated Literary Press.)I was staying with Lady Pamela ather lovely house in town.Lady Pamela and I had been atschool together and later had spent'two years "finishing" in France and'Germany.Then we had come home; and thenext time I heard from her she was.engaged to Lord Gerald Lumley. Six: months later they were married, and,after seemingly endless globe-trotting,had settled down at LumleyCourt in Kent.That was fifteen years ago, andsince then Lady Pamela has nevermissed having me with her for amonth or so during the London season. "Let us have a quiet evening together, Helen," she had said one afternoon. And I had heartily agreed, forthe hustle and fatigue of dinner parties, theaters and balls during the lastthree weeks had thoroughly tired me.I drifted into Lady Pamela's boudoir and found her gazing withthoughtful eyes at a little silvercasket she held in her hand.Slowly she opened the delicate silver box and took from it a visitingcard. Then she put it back and closedthe box with a tiny snap."Pamela!" I said. "You look quiteserious. There must be some tragictale connected with that card."Lady Pamela started. Then sheemiled."There is a story, Helen, but it ishardly tragic at least to the personmost concerned. It happened eightyears ago. Gerald and I were staying in this very house, and I was giving a dance one of the biggest of theseason."I had staying with me at the timea very beautiful girl. Her name wasCynthia Carruthers. It was her firstseason and London had gene wildover her. On the night of the ballCynthia came to me. I knew she wasin trouble or difficulty, but had notasked her anything, knowing that itwould all come out sooner or later.And it did that evening."It appeared there were two menonly two whom she really cared for.Both were to be at the ball and both,she expected, would propose to her.LvJThe poor girl was nearly distracted. hs could not decide which toaccept ai;d came to me as helpless asa baby?"The two men were Major Bewsherand Lieutenant Carstairs. Both werehandsome. Carstairs was young, andpoof as a rat. Bewsher had mone.jOf hiin I had my suspicions. Monte"parlo drink cards. Nothing serious,of course, but there all the same."I liked the boy Carstairs, butknew little about him. ,"'Well, Cynthia,' i remember saying, 'you must take Major Bewsherand give up Carstairs.' 'Oh! no, no,.no,' she had cried, and when I saidVery well, then take Carstairs, yousilly girl,' she burst into sobs andsaid? she could not give up Bewsher,and so on."In fact the girl simply did notknow her own mind, and begged meto decide for her."'Very well I said, I will do soor rather I shall help you to decidefor yourself. But you must promiseto abide by whatever decision "wecome to.'"She promised."'You see this box,' I explained,and you 'see these two cards. Onthem I have written the names ofyour two admirers. You will drawone from the box and you must accept the man whose name you draw.'"She turned very pale; then withan effort she reached for the box andwith trembling fingers drew out oneof the cards."'Well,' I said, 'and who is thelucky man?' And she whispered'Carstairs.'"That evening Carstairs proposed.Cynthia accepted and they were married shortly afterward. Then his regiment was ordered out to India andshe- went with him. Five years later,when Carstairs had come Into moneyand a title, and Bewsher had, wellshot himself in the Casino Gardens, Imet Cynthia,"From a beautiful girl she hadgrown into a beautiful woman. Shehad two darling boys and was as happy as a woman can be. I invited herdown to Lumley Court"One evening she showed me a visiting card. It was one of my own,and on it was written the name 'Carstairs.' It was the card she had drawncnithe evening of the ball. She toldme she treasured it as her mostpriceless possession, and and this,Helen, is the other.""I see' I said, "the other, on which:you had written the name of MajorBewsher.""No," said Lady Pamela quietly,"on which I had also written thename of Lieutenant Carstairs."Tit for Tat."You'll have to send for another doctor," said the one who had beencalled, after a glance at the patient."Ah I so 111 as that?" gasped the sufferer. "I don't know just how 111 you are,replied the man of medicine, "hut Iknow you're the lawyer who crossexamined me when J appeared as anexpert witness. My conscience won tlet me kill you, and I'll, be banged if.1 want to cure you." - ' . .Never buy a sick hog.Plow the garden deeply.Teach the calf to eat grain.Watch out for rotting apples andpotatoes.Hogs can stand cold, dry weatherwithout injury.Do not tie your cattle up by theneck to feed them.No ewe should be bred until shehas reached maturity.A poorly nourished, stunted 2-year-oldfilly should not be bred.There are many reasons why farmers should keep more sheep.Each season a grass-lot should beheld in reserve for the dairy cows.In some sections farmers are recommending sowing alsike with timothy.On every farm poultry should notonly have a place, but a prominentplace.Replowing fall plowed land again inthe spring seems useless expense andbother.It is a common but erroneous opinion that beets are especially hard onthe land.Let the colt have shelter fromstorm, but let him have access to pasture also.It is as an egg producer that theIndian Runner duck has gained themost fame.When rape is pastured down, it willoften spring up again after beinggiven a rest.An economical use of roughageabout the farm is greatly in favor owinter dairying.Feeding all of the cows in the sameway is treating them unfairly andcheating yourself.The best time to dehorn an animalis when it is only a few days old, byusing caustic potash.It is well worth while to exert every energy possible to keep your pres.ent supply of live stock.In breaking the colt, remember thatit is an easy matter to overload andruin him by causing him to balk.One of the secrets in raising anykind of live stock is to keep theyoung animal growing from the start.The time to change the calf fromwhole milk to skimmilk will dependlargely upon the development of thecalf.You may feed all the food your henscan possibly use, but if you are shortof grit, the results will not be satis-,factory.Bacteria db not thrive in the coldbut in heat only. If you keep yourmilk below 40 degrees the bacteriawill have small chance.In case some cockerels need to beeaten or sold on a fancy market, itpays to put them In a crate and fatten them for two weeks.Be sure to have some disinfectantto use on the young colt's naval whenhe arrives. A half minute at thistime may save the colt later.August hatched pullets kept overfor breeding until the second springmake splendid breeding birds if theyhave been well fed and not stunted.If other cures for caked udder orsimilar inflammatory troubles havefailed, try letting the calf run withthe cow for a while next fresheningtime.For fattening chickens buttermilk hasa feeding value of above 30 cents ahundred pounds. This is considerably in advance of its value for feeding hogs.Cows should never be fed moreroughage, especially when it is of goodquality, than they will consume withrelish and come to the next foddering with keen appetites.The boar pigs should be separatedfrom the sow pigs as soon as they areweaned, and it is usually an. easy matter to arrange your lots of hogs sothat the young boars will not be nearthe sows.Clover or alfalfa as a roughage forswine will furnish bulk to the rationas well as will corn-silage and, furthermore, will furnish considerable protein, consequently are better than thecorn-silage.Calves will begin to nibble on hayat about four weeks of age, and canbe fed what good, clean hay they willeat. Alfalfa is perhaps too laxative tobe fed to young calves, but may begiven after three or four months. .The proper way to kill a turkey isto tie its feet together, hang on apole, then cut the throat and allowto bleed freely. Dry pick, leavinghead and wings on. After pickingdip in hot water and then in cold.This will give the skin a fresherlook. " .:State"Itfr onfYour Home And All Its Comforts! ...1 hisW ailing' to make your home just the home you want it. Comfy, cozy and up-to-date. No.need forego the advantages of their own home This store is ready to supply every needed thing. .Goods new and modern, prices right, terms reasonable.Come let us furnish your little home, won't you?ooooooRaragesOur Ranges and Cook Stoves arecomplete, and the prices we areoffering is worth your while to calland see.Cook Stoves $10.75 up.Ranges $25 up to $60.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,Main Street, Paris, Ky.The Men Who Succeed9as heads of large enterprises are menof great energy. Success today demands health. To ail is to fail. It'sutter folly for a man to endure a weakrun down, half alive condition whenElectric Bitters will put him right onhis feet in short order. "Four bottlesdid me more real good than any othermedicine T ever took," writes Chas.B. Allen, Sylvania.Ga. "After yearsof suffering with rheumatism, livertrouble, stomach disorders, and deranged kidneys, I am again, thanksto Electric Bitters, sound and well."Try them. 50c at Oberdorfer's.Whataccording tc science, are the thingsassociated with our early home life,such as Bucklen's Arnica Salve, thatmother or grandmother used to cureour burns, boils, scalds, sores, skineruptions, cuts, sprains or bruises.Forty years of cures prove its merit.Unrivaled for piles, corns or cold sores.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.of Ohio, City of Toledo,Lucas County.Frank J. Cheney maks oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doiug business in thecity of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each an every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHEENY & CO.. To'edn, p.Sold cy all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills tor constipation.Uncle Ezra Saysdon't take more'n a jrill nv effortfnllr? info n nonlr .if f.rrmlVlp " !and a little neglect of constipation,biliousness, indigestion or other liverderangement wilPdo the same. If ailing take Dr. King's New Life Pillsfor quick results Easy, safe, sure,and only L5c at Oberdcrfr r's.WillingCabinets.A nice Solid Oak Kitchen Cabinet,just like cut$9.75CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.We Never Forget Many Drivenv Ever yearrin . y.yI"..?.rJS...country thousands are driventheir homes by coughs and lung diseases. Friends and business- are leftbehind for other climates, but this is! costly and not always sure. A betterj way the way of multitudes is to! use Dr. King's New Discovery andcure yourself at home.j & Slay right-Are You aTAKEFurnish Them!OoJoooeooXCarpels, Rslsss,Matting.We are the CarpetStore when Springcleaning time comes.Bissel SweepersOpp. Court MouseFrom Home.there with your friends and take thissafe medicine. Throat and lung troubles find quick relief and health returns. Its help in coughs, colds,grip,croup, whooping cough and sore lungsmake it a positive blessing. 50c and1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.tiiefromSmoKc Nuisance."Mother, what is a smoke nuisance?""Your father."Woman ? i11U41I0THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 19, 1912New Stomach Relief GetsCountry-Wide Endorsement.The new remedy for indigestioncalled "Digestit" has been found acertain quick relief and permanentremedy for stomach disorders. Letters from thousands who had sufferedthe tortures of indigestion and got relief from the use of "Digestif areevidence of its merit. The enormousincrease in demand from every partof the county is proof of its popularity. But you do not have to take anybody's word for it try it yourselffselz Fine Shoes!If you haven't learned by actual experience how goodthese Shoes are, how perfectly we can fit any foot, howstylish they are, and how well they wear, you've gotsomething to learn about Shoes that will pay you to know.Every critical person in this city is invited to visit ourstore, just to look; if you want to try on a pair, we shallbe glad to take as much of our time as you are willing togive of yours, without any obligation to puy. We like toshow these goods.This is the store where most of the smartly dressed,well-shod men you see around town buy their shoes.Selz fine shoes for men are the best shoes in the world.The Selz Guarantee.'The name SELZ stamped on the sole of ashoe is a guarantee of absolute satisfaction. Remember, your dealer is authorized to see thatyou get absolute satisfaction from every pair ofshoes bearing the markLargest Makers of GoodJ. H. JOSSELSOISI, Sole Agt.up mmmParis, KentuckyBlacksmith Shop for Rent.I wish to rent my blacksmith shupon Eighth street.19 3t " JOHN WARRING.Duck Eggs for SaleImperial Mammoth White Pekinduck eggs, 75 cents per dozen. AddressHORACE MILLER CLAY.19 6t Route 7, Box 5, Paris, KyRooms and Board.Desirable front rooms and board forboth ladies and gentlemen. FApply toMRS. WALLINGFOKL),Cor. Pleasant and 'Duncan Avenue.ffKelNemeton,1Jap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy .fitting-'qualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodjsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher: with aheavy single sole of old-fashioned oak -tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake; but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wearGeo. McWilliams.on an absolute guarantee, get a package and if you don't get relief you canget your money back for the asking."Digestif is a little tablet easy toswallow, and absolutely harmless. Itdigests all the food, prevents fermentation, stops gas formation, preventsstomach distress after eating, aids assimilation, relieves indigestion almostinstantly and cures dyspepsia 50c.Ask at G. S. Varden & Son's.Shoes in the World.On Friday Next" Ironing Boards, 4 1-2 feet long,48c. iT',.f i . -x- izra iSleeve Boards, 10c.Matting Rugs, fine quality,36x72; 49c.Window Shades, on heavyspring rollers, extra heavy shadecloth, 42-inches wide, 7 feet long,in white only, each 37c.Monogram or Initial WritingPaper, 24 sheets English Gingham Paper, and 24 Envelopes tomatch, all for 10c.Enamelled Steel Tea Kettles,blue and white outside, whiteinside, the size usually retailedat SI, here Friday at 59c....THE FAIR...An OrdinanceProhibiting Police or OtherEmployees EnteringSaloons.City Hall, Paris, Ky. Feb. 22, 1912.Be it ordained by the Mayor andBoard of Council of the city of Paris,Ky., that no member of the Police orFire Department or other employes ofthe city of Paris who are paid monthlyor yearly salary, shall not, while onduty, enter any saloon or other placewhere liquor is sold unless required todo so on business connected with thecity and no such employes shall drinkor be under the influence of vinous,spiritous or malt liquors during thehours while on duty..Any of the above mentioned employes of the city who shpll violate thep rovisions of this order shall for thefirst offense be suspended without payfor a period of thirty days and upon asecond violation be forthwith discharged. When charges are preferredagainst any of the said employes for aviolation of the provisions of this ordinance the truth or falsity of, suchcharges shall be determined at a regular meeting of the Board of Counciland after notice to the accused and iffound guilty of said charges by amajority oi zae memoers oi tne Council present the penalty herein providedshall go into effect immediately,J. T. HINTON, Mayor.Attest: J. W. liAYDEN Clerk.RELIGIOUS.St. Peter's Catholic! church ofLexington, has closed a deal for thepurchase of the residence of the lateJudge Watts Parker on Barr street atthe reported price of $25,000 and onthe site will erect a commodious houseof worship. ..Iv-'X HEDIAMOND NOTES.The Louisville Times says: "Thefirst course of umpire instruction,given by that prince of indicator handlers, Babe Ryan, was a distinct success. Old "Silver Kink laid itout on catch and trick decisions. Pointsof play likely to confuse an urap'sbrain were demonstrated to the satisfaction of the boys on the staff. Besides Ryan, Mulligan, Duncan, Hanrahan, Ress and Magruder sat in thecircle and imbibed the straignt stunRyan handed round."After ihe party broke up PresidentNeal buttonholed Mulligan, the huskylooking Saturday League recruit, andgot the youngster to sign up forservice in the Blue Grass League. IfMulligan is half as good as he looksleagues higher up will be bidding forhis services next year."Instructor Ryan proposes to keepup his missionary work on this line until the opening of the season. His second effort will be delivered at Sutcliffe's Saturday League headquarters,Saturday night. Umpire JimmyMulligan goes to President Neal sBlue Grass League.7 'Health Restorer.We have never sold in our store sucha wonderful strength creator andhealth restorer as Vinol. Try it onour guarantee.VAKUEN & SON, Agents.A Cure for Hog Cholera.tf vYinr hns are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and curethem. The best farmers in uourooncounty Will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 If Opp. Court House, Paris.Makes a Hit in Kansas:The Colonial Club of Coffeyville,Kansas, gave a home talent comedy inthat city a few nights ago and MissBirdie VVollstein, daughter of Mr. andMrs. L. Wollstein, of this city, tookthe part. The Coffeeville Times givesthe following notice of the work ofMiss VVollstein. "The three solo numbers by Miss Wollstein, of Paris, Ky.,were excellent. Miss Wollstein has avoice of remarkable power and melodyopreatic in quality. She I sings asthough it were a pleasure and handlesdifficult selections with an ease andgrace that is remarkable. Miss Wollstein had intended to study abroad thisyear but abandoned a musical careerfor another engagement."Wall Paper Time.Now is the time of year to do yourpapering for spring. Our stock wasnever so full and complete with beautiful patterns. Something entirelynew. Come in and look over the bigstock. Our decorators ars ready towait on you. Prices to suit all pocketbooks, J. T. HINTON.Attend the Minstrel.Don't fail to attend the performanceof the Bourbon Black Blitzens at theOpera House tomorrow night.Spring Millinery.On account of the backward seasonand the very bad weather we have decided not to hold our regular springopening until April 3 and 4. Howeverwe are now showing the most exquisite line of tailored and ready to wearhats for early spring that the Easternmarkets have ever shipped us. Theprices this year will surprise youalthough the styles are prettier thanever.19 3t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.LookThe line over. Our cheap wall paperis good, and our good wall paper ischeap.BORLAND.Third Open Session.The third open session of the ParisHigh school Literary Society will beheld in the High ? School Auditoriumon March 22, at 7:30 o'clock. Following is the program:Music High School Ban.d.Preisdent's Address- -John ArderyMinutes by the SecretaryRuthChabmers.2 Debate Resolved, That "Posterityis More Dependant Upon MothersThan Fathers. Affirmative SelloWollstein and James Horton. Negative Wayne Cottingham and JosephLetcher.,Recitation "The Wreck" LewisMeglone.Solo "The Vale of Dreams"Jerome Chapman.School Paper Edward Myall.Dialogue In two scenes Eli Friedman, Hazel Duvall, Edna Keller andMaragert Toohey.Music High School Band.Attend the Minstrel.Dont' fail'to attend the performanceof the Bourbon Black Blitzens at theOpera House tomorrow night.Exercises Wednesday.The Eugene Field program will beheld in the chapel at the Public SchoolWednesday at 8:30 a. m. The programwill be rendered by pupils Jot' Secondgrades; teachers, Misses Sallie Whaleyand Mason Talbott. Each gradestudies a certain part and his worksduring the whole year. The Secondgrades study Eugene Field's life andworks year by year. These special programs create much interest. The program is as follows :Devotional Rev. Lightfoot.Essay Biography of Eugene FieldHazel Duvall.Recitation The Singing in God'sAcre Elizabeth Rule.Music High School Band.Recitation "The Night Wind"Herbert Myers.Recitation "Little Boy Blue"John Lair.Song "Little Boy Blue" JeromeChapman.Eugene Field's Lullabies Several iPupils.Music High School Band.Patrons and friends cordially invitedto attend not only these chapel services but thosfa of each Wednesday.Jail Delivery at Winchester.The police of this city received notice Saturday night about midnight tobe on the lookout for four prisonersthat broke jail in Winchester thatnight. The jail delivery occurredabout 10:30 o'clock Saturday niht andthe police of all Central Kentuckytowns were notified to be on the lookout for them.The escape was made possible byWill atnd Magnolia Bevens, who prieda stone out of a window which leftenough space to crawl through andout of the corner of the building. .The escaped prisoners are Will andMagnolia Bevens, colored, chargedwith forgery, and Andrew Mitchell,white, charged with grand larcenyhaving stolen a suitcase and being arrested in Mt. Sterling.John Crews, white, who was arrestee in St. Joseph, Mo., on a charge offorgery and Sherley Thomas, held forgrand larceny, were discovered by thejaillofficials while in the act of makingtheir escape. Crews, in connectionwith other forgeries, also forged acheck which was passed urion H. M.Collins, of this city.Patrolman Chas Thomas arrested aman in the Louisville and Nashvilleyards Sunday morning as he wasalighting from a Northbound fre ighton suspicion of being one of the escaped prisoners. Jailer James S. Mullinswas notified Sunday morning and hecame to Paris but the man under arrestproved to be another person, and theman, who refused to give his name,was released from custody. The Winchester jailer ha3 offered a reward of$25 for the capture of each of theescaped prisoners.Garden Seeds.Fine seed notfitnps nnrl wnnlpn sppflof all kinds. Remember we sell onlytne kind that grow.5tf T. LENIHAN.Will Visit Paris Lodge.Judge A. Hazelrigg, of Mt. Sterling, District Deputy Grand ExaltedRuler, will make an official visit toParis Lodge No. 373 B. P. O. E. tonight. Following the meeting a socialsession will be held. All members arerqeuested to be present.John Hauck's Bock.We have the genuine John Hauck'sbock beer on tap at all times. Don'tforgf t the fact that we know how tckeep the draught beer so that it is always iresn.19 2t B. WEISSBERG.Baby Found on Doorstep.A pretty girl baby only a few daysold, was found on the doorstep of Mr.John Cain on Lilleston avenue Saturday evening shortly after dark. In thebasket was a note, stating that thechild was of good parentage, and alsothe certificate of a physician withouta name signed, whicn bore the date ofMarch 1.The child wore good clothing and asupply was found in the basket. Theperson who left the child on the doorstep departed without leaving a clueand it first came to the attention ofMr. Cain and his wife when its crieswere heard. The baby was taken intothe house and given every attention.The authorities will make an effortto establish the identity of the childand to locate its parents, but in eventtheir efforts should fail it will beplaced in a foundling asylum.Vinol.Vinol is fast superseding all otherforms of cod liver oil, it is bo deliciousto the taste.VARDEN & SON, Agents.The DurhamDuplex.Try one of our Durham-DuplexSafety Razors at 35 cents each. Sixblades for 50 cents, same as those usedin $5 and $8 razors.12 3t CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Victory for Taft in Seventh.The Seventh District RepublicanCommittee met in Lexington Thursday and by a vote of 7 to 1 endorsedPresident Taft and recommended hisrenamination. A district conventipnwas ordered to be held at Largangeon Tuesday, April 9 at 1 o'clock, forthe selection of district delegates tothe Republican National Convention.All of the eight counties of the district were represented either in personor by proxy, the Following answeringthe roll call :Fayette, Thomas L. Wakler, proxyfor C. H. Berryman; Scott, R. C.Stoll proxy for J. H. Sinclair; Bourbon, Geo. W. Stuart; Oldham, W. J.Manby ; Owen, John B. Hutchison;Frankiln, George Barnes ; Henry, M.M. J. Williams; Woodford, D. GrayFalconer, proxy for C. W. Parrish.The resolution calilng for a districtconvention at Lagranga which carriedby a vote of 7 to 1, follows:"Be it resolved by the RepublicanCongressional District Committee forthe Seventh Congressional district ofKentucky, that a district conventionbe, and is hereby called to meet atLagrange, Ky., on luesday, April 9,1912, at the courthouse at 1 o'clock inthe afternoon."This convention shall select twodelegates, two alternate delegatesfrom the Seventh district to the Reoublican Nationl Convention to beheld at Chicago, 111. It will select apresidential elector with an alternateelector, it will select a member otthe State Central Committee who willbe chairman of the said district committee. It will adopt such resolutionsas the convention sees fit to adopt andit will perform such other duties andperform such other acts as the convention may determine upon. Each countyin the district shall select its delegatesto the convention at the county massconventions to be held on April 6,1912, at the same time and the sameplace at which delegates are to beselected to the State convention to beheld at Louisville, Ky.. "In accordance with the call of theRepublican State Central Committeethe number of delegates to be selectedto said covention are as follows:Fayette county, 47, Scott, 18 ; Bourbon. 23; Henry, 14; Owen, 7; Oldham,fi: Franklin 16; Woodford, 14."The convention will be called to order by the chaitman of the DistrictCommittee, or in his absence by itssecretary." . ' .IV4'-Grand Opening.You Are Cordially Invited. to AttendOur Spring OpeningTO-DAY,MARCH.Orchestra Music and FlowersOft OftFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.SPECIALSmt TOR THIS WEEK:Kell'ogg's Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box.. .5cNice Fresh Fgs, per lb ScFancy Florida Oranges, per doz 25cGood Quality Brooms 35cGood Hearth Brooms 15cBest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50cCod Fish, per lb 1 5cBest Grade Dried Herring 18cMackerel, large size, 3 for 25cSteel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs $1.00Best grade Cara-Van Coffee,' per lb 30cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cWe have all grades of the National Biscuit Co.'s Goods.Purity, Eed Cross and "Lexington Maid" Flour.Fresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed; Shipped Meats, under government inspection take your choice.Morning Glory brand Hams and Breakfastbacon, thebest on the market, sliced thick or thin, without cost.!!!SPECIAL NOTICE!!!We will duplicate Anybody's Prices,and Your Credit is Good for 30 Days.GIVE US A TRIAL ORDERA. W. COTTINGHAM,The Up-Town Grocer, South Main St.Both Telephones No. 7Meeting April 16.The annual convention of the W. G.T. U. of the Seventh District willmeet in Paris April 16 for one day'smeeting. Mrs. Nellie. Stucky, of Lexington, is the Tdistrict President, andMrs. Julia R. Gunn, also of Lexington, is the secretary. An interestingprogram will be prepared by the Executive Committee, which will be announced later. .MATRIMONIAL.A marriaee ' license was issuedSaturday to Mr. Laird W. Hanna andMiss Nerva Rena. They were, unitedin marriage by bquire L. J. Uretwell.Smiire L J. Fretwell united inmarriaee Saturday in his office in thecourt house Mr. Wm. Rogers and MissLucy Jane baseii, both or Uourboncounty.Mr. Palstine Rohisnn and MiwesMabel Stanfield were marred yesterday morning by Squire L. J. Fretwelli - m ii t. tin nia oiuce in uie uuurt nuuse. tIon1Files Petition in Bankruptcv.The Stivers Lumber Company ofParis, filed a petition in bankruptcySaturday in the United States Courtat Frankfort. The fi,of contracts in course cf construction.wnicn tney were unable to completeon account of the backward season,and it is thought that this caused thefailure of the concern, which belongedto Mr. J. Hooker Stivers. A meetingof the creditors will soon be arrangedand it is hoped that an agreement maybe reached whereby the firm may resume business. The liabilities arepalced at about $6,000, but no estimatehas been made of the assets which consist of a stock of rough and dressedlumber, doors, sash, glass, hardwarepaints, notes, etc.19thTry Vinoi.If you can't take old fashionedcod liver oil or emulsions, try Vinolit is as delicious as a fresh orangeand guaranteed .to contain all themedicina curatives of cod liver oil, butnot a drop of oil.VARDEN SON, Agents;oTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 19, 1912.HE BOURBON NEWS:cm7ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGSpring Opening.Everybody is cordially invited to attend our spring opening Thursday.March 21. Music from 1 to 5 p. m.and 7 to 9 p. m.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Chapter Meeting Tonight.Paris Chapter No. 167 Eastern Starwill meet this evening at 7:30 o'clock.Eggs, Eggs.We want them, you can't bring ustoo many. Cash or trade.C. P. COOK.The Best Candy.Meniere chocolates at 40 cents perpaund good as any at 75 cents. Tryone box.12 3t CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Teacher Resigns.Miss Rida Thornton. ofthis city, hasresigned her position as teacher in thecounty school at Kiserton and as a result the school has bp.en closed untilthe vacancy can be filled.Seed Potatoes.A full line of fancy Northern seedpotatoes. Phune us your oider.tf ' SAUER.Don'tPlace an order fcr wall paper beforeyou see our line and get our prices.BORLAND.Will Take Part in Minsirei.Mr. Harry Saloshin, of this city,will take part in the Elks' Minstrelshow to be given in Lexington. Mr.Saloshin has quite a reputation as anentertainer and will add greatly to theundertaking of the Lexington Elks.Take Vinol.If you are all run down, no appetitr,take Vinol. We guarantee it will builuycu up and restore your appetite.VARDEN & SON, Agents.The Best Work Harness.We think that beyond a doubt wehave the bst work harness that is onthe market. I he farmers who usethem think so too. See display inSouth window.19 41 LA VIN & CONNELL.No Money Until June.County School Superintendent MissMabel Robbins is in receipt of a letterfrom Superintendent of Public Instruction Barksdale flamlett, stating thatthe money for the salary of the ruralschool teachers for the sixth monthwould probably not be sent until June.3c to $3.All grades of wall paper atBORLANCS'.Tobacco Cotton.Tobacco canvas all grades, at verylow prices.SIMON UEPT. STORE.John Hauck's Bock.We have the genuine John Hauck'siock beer on tap at all times. Don'tforget the fact that we know how tokeep the draught beer so that it is always fresh.19 2t B. WEISSBERG.Annex Two More Games.The girls', bakset ball team of theParis High School defeated the Richmond team Friday night at the latterpalce by a score of 24 to 13. FromRichmond the Paris gi rls went to Corbin Saturday night and were againthe winners, the score being 19 to 13.The Paris team has not lost a gameduring the seaeon.For the Ladies.The ladies of Bourbon will miss atreat if they fail to see the beautifuloisplay of ladies shoes and oxfordssow on display in my window,tf " DAVID FELD.Book Bargains.For the next ten days we will offerall the books in our circulating libraryfor sale at 25 cents each. They are all$1.50 books and are standard fiction.Slightly worn but practically as goodas new. This is a rare chance. Callearly and get.the pick.2t PARIS BOOK CO.Special Invitation.Frank & Co. invite all the ladies tocall at their store Wednesday andThursday, March 20 and 21, and inspect their showing of ready to weargarments, dress goods, laces and otherseasonable merchandise. A speciallarge display that will be interestingto all.McCail Patterns.We are agents for McCali patteinand keep all sizes in stock.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Clip Your Own Horses.Purchase one of those celebratedStewart Horse Clipping machines thatwe have on exhibition in our southwindow. It is the best machine made.We also sharpen knives. Let us haveyour orders.19 4t LA VIN & CONNELL.Buys Handsome Lot.Mr.W. R. Blakemnre Saturday purchased of Mr. John Brennan.Jagent forAnthony Thornton, the handsome lotin the rear of the Gcvarnment building. The price paid was $1,100. It isthe intention of Mr. Blakemore andMr. W. W. Mitchell to erect handsomehomfs upon the site. The lot faceseighfy feet on Eighth street and runsback the width of the Governmentbuilding lot.PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Douglas arevisting in Louisville.-Mr. Joseph Godman is quite ill athis home on South Main street.Mrs. John Northcott has about recovered from an attack of grippe.Mr. John Northcott is confined tohis home with an attack of grippe.Mr. D. C. Parrish spent Sundaywith his daughter, Mrs. Brannon, inCincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Josselsonwere the guests of friends in Cincinnati Sunuday.Miss Louise Wyatt, who has beenvisiting friends in London, Ky., hasreturned home.Mrs. Mollie Darnell and daughter,of Carlisle, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.W. H. Harris.Mr. and Mrs. 3. W. Bacon, whohave been visiting in Newport, havereturned home.Mrs. Zeke Arnold, of Newport, isthe guest of her parents, Mr. andMrs. Amos Turney.Mr. John Price, of Danville, spentthe week end with his parents, Mr.and Mrs. Lee Price.Mrs. J. A. Stern and Mrs. B.Stern left Sunday fur Birmingham,Ala., to visit friends.Mr. and Mrs. Amos Turney, 'Jr.,are the guests of Judge and Mrs.Robert Winn, in Frankfort.Mrs. John G. Redmon and Mrs. J.D. Booth went to Cincinnati yesterdayto attend "The World in Cincinnati."Mr?. Reynolds was called toAdairsville Saturday on account of theillness of her mother, Mrs. F. B. Marcuin. Mrs. Thomas Helm Clay and Mrs.Robert M. Hopkins and little son havereturned from a delightful trip toFlorida.Misses Elizabeth Stuart andLoretta Hinton Carter, daughters of Mr.and Mrs. O. . Carter, are ill withmeasles.Mr. Arami W. Dorsey, who hasbeen quite ill for the past ten daysfrom an attack of grippe, dees notimprove.Miss Genevieve 'Mahaney has returned to her home in this city after avisit to her sister, Mrs. Paul Cullen,in Maysville.Messrs. Maurice Burnaueh andClay Sutherland returnedto LeixngtonSunday afternoon after visiting inParis since Saturday.Mrs. J. T. Sharrard has gone to jBroadwell, Harrison county, to be withher parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. K.Griffith, who are both ill.Mrs. Kate Chambers suffered afall a few days ago from which shesustained severe bruises and is confined to her bed as a result. Mrs.Chambers is an invalid and is in avery feeble condition.Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill entertainedthe members of the "500" club Fridayat her country home at Austerlitz, forthe prupose of rporganizing the clubinto a bridge club. A delicious lunch,consisting of turkey, cranberries, hotrolls and coffee was daintily served oncard tables. The guests were MissesElizabeth Steele, Rachiel Wiggins,Allene Power, Martha Ferguson,Katherine Davis. Mrs. Carl Wilmoth,Mrs. Ray Taylor and Mrs. WilliamArdery.In honor of the seventy-seventhbirthday of Miss Kate Edgar the ladiesof the Presbyterian church tendered areception Saturday afternoon. Thehours were from two until four o'clockand the affair was planned without theknowledge of Miss Edgar.The reception was held in the lecture room of the church which was attractive in its decorations of growingpaints, southern smilax and brightflowers being the work of Mrs. RobertNeely and Mrs. E. M. Dickson. Uponentering the guests were asked . toregister in a dainty gues book whichwas the handiwork of Mrs. Evelyn P.Buck.The white satin covers were decorated with hard painted violets and onthe pages were levely sprays of springflowers and a verse of poetry. Aboutone hundred and twenty guests registered. The table where the book waskept was presided over by MissCorinne Collins and was decoratedwith smilax and jonquils.In Ithe receiving line were Mrs.Amos Turney, Miss Edgar, Mrs. BelleAlexander, Mrs. B. M. Shive and MissKate lark, of Lexington, Mrs. E. F.Spears, Mrs. E. H. Rutherford, Mrs.David Dodge and Mrs. Mary Webb,were invited to be in the line nut wereprevented by illness.Miss Edgar has been a resident ofPans for forty-four years, and duringall that time has been a faithful andactive member in the church, the Sunday school and the missionary society,?hp is a centle woman of most charming personality, highly cultured andpossessed of .all the graces of mindand heart that contribute to a wellrounded Christian character.Miss Edgar has been closely alliedwith the educational interests of Paris,having conducted a large school forgirls, in connection with her sister,Mrs. Randolph, who afterwards wentas a missionary to China. She was also County Superintendent of PubilcTnafrnrHnn fnr a term of vears andthoroughly instructed in all lines ofprorgessive educational worK. ineladies of the church honored themselves in honoring Miss Edgar withthis beautiful entertainment.Dnintv refreshments of oink. whiteand green brick cream and individualcakes were served by young ladies andeach guest was given a souvenir, atiny green silk flag, having the words"Erin Go Bragh" for St. Patrick'sDay. The coffee table, beautiful withits appointments of silver, china,candles and pink carnations, was presided over by Misses Annie Hibler,Janie Marsh and Mattie Neal. AnItalian orchestra discoursed sweetmusic. , , ' . L , .Among the ladies who assisted inentertaining were Miss Edgar's niece,Mrs. J. T. Vansant, Miss Lucy Colvine, Mrs. Charles Butler, Mrs. E. MDicksun, Mrs. Duacan Bell, Mrs. FordBrent and Mrs. M. H. Dailey.Miss Rosina Elder has returnedfrom a protracted visit in Richmond.Mr. Calvert Early, of Mayaville,was a visitor in the city Sunday.Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Anderson leftyesterday for a trip to New Orleans.Mrs P. A. Thompson and childrenwill go to Covington Friday to visitrelatives.Mr. Robert Harding, of Danville,was among the visitors in this cityyestetday.Mr. Frank Saloshin, of Covington,is visiting his hrother, Mr. LouisSaloshin, in this city.Mrs. Harry Current, who has beenvisiting relatives here, has returned toher home in Winchester.Mr. Thomas Kane was taken (to aLexington hospital Sunday afternoonfor treatment of the nerves.Hon. Thos. Slattery and Mr. PaulCollins, of Maysville, were guests yesterday of Mr. Ed Slattery in this city.Miss Ethel Hermann has returnedto her home in Cincinniati after a visitto the Misses Saloshin in this city.Miss Effie Paton, who has beenvisiting Mrs. George Satterwhite inLouisville, returned home yesterday.Mrs. M. H. Davis arrived yesterday from Mayslick to spend the weekwith her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Wm.Hukill. Sr. 'Miss Dorothy Talbott has returnedfrom a visit to Mr. and Mrs. PaulShipp in Cynthiana where she wasguest of honor at a card praty.Mrs. L. B. Purnell and Jlittledaughter, Rebcca, who have been theguests of the former's sister, Mis. LeeBarbour, in Louisville, returned homelast night.Messrs. Chad. W. Fithian, HarryBrent Fithian, M. H. Davis, OwenGibson, Robin Horton, Harry Horton.P. A. Thompson and A. H. Keller willgo to Covington Friday to attend themeeting of Col. Clay Lodge No. 159,F. & A. M.Mr. Miller Andersen is the guestthis week of his cousin, Mrs JaoiesRye, on Mt. Airy avenue. Mr. Anderson was formerly of Montgomery county but has resided in California forseveral years Friday he will go to Mt.Sterling where he will join his sister,Mrs Louis Knox, who with htr hushand will accopmany him to San Francisco. Lecture at Public School. iMr. F. S. Bo wen, of Boston, Mass., ,will deliver an illustrated Iceture itsthe High ScKool Auditorium Wednesday evening upon Jife in India. Admission freeSpring Millinery.On account of the backward sea?on ,and the very bad weather we have decided net to held our regular springopening until Apiil 3 and 4. Howeverwe are nnvv showing the roost eAquis-,ite line of tailored and ready to wearhats for eariv soring that the Eastern,markets iievc ever shipped us. The,prices this j car will surprise ycu although the styles are prettier thanever.19 3t MRS. CORNE V. BAIRD.Paris Grand!Third Annual Performance ofBourbonBlackBlitzensWednesday, rvMarchGo to Ed. Parker for ReservedSeat Tickets for Galleryand Balcony.Prices Gallery 25c and 35c.Boxes, Balcony, 75c. LowerFloor reserved for white people, 50c.Don't forget the Date,Wednesday, March 20, 1912.Come One and All.READ ALL OF THIS.In order fic fully serve thepeople the Bourbon Bank &Trust Co.. Paris, Ky., has added a Trust Department to theiralready successful banking business. This bank has a record of 25years of clean and profitablebusiness success, having paid itsstockholders without interruption for 21 yeais a dividend of 8per cent, annually, and abovethat has placed nearly $50,000to account of surplus and undivided profits. In other words,in this 25 years the BourbonBank & Trust Co. has earned(net) about 1215,000 above ex-nanaaa a-nr t.avot! r-n 1nn Afirv ccapital stock. Don't you think Iit. would oe a good business proposition for you to have theBourbon Bank & Trust Co. tomanage your estate after yourdeath? Also act as guardian foryour children?Remember these points: ITVio TinnvVrn Rnl. .V T i..uvsui. uvsxi iJUilll VA. J.J.UHUCo. is not liable to sickness 01death, and will always be onhand to attend to the businessconnected with your estate.Having a permanent office andofficers being always on hand,business of your estate will bepromptly and efficiently attended to.247,000.00 protection , againstpossible loss.Practical Nurse.Have had experience in nursing athospitals and private homes. Reference. E. T. phone 719.12 3t WM. C. GROSCHE.Eggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, $2 to $3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St.; Paris, Ky.WANTED.By experienced man, position onfarm as overseer or to raise crop onshares. Apply at this office.ear the realHarry LauderYou may hear others singLauder's songs, but the onlyway to enjoy them is to hearLauder sing them himself.Hear this great Scotch comedian on the Victor and you actually hear him with all of hisdelightful witticisms and theusual touches of comedy.Come and hear some of hisselections. No trouble to usno obligation on your part.Victors, $10 to $250. Term to strit.Baugherty Bros.J.T.Seamless Wilton Velvet RugCANYOUSEEISIDress GoodsWe are ready with the goods all the new weaves inWhip Cords, Serges, Suitings, etc., in Cream, Tan, Grey,Navy, Black, etc..SilksThe most complete line we have ever shown in Messalines, Changeable Taffetas, Surahs, Foulards, etc. All thenew Spring colorings.SllPfiak 27"in- Broad Silk Mulls, 25c yd.yowaia 36im Messaline, Fancy and Solid colors, $1 yd.Dress Trimmings, Laces, ButtonsWe have the largest line in this State. Anythingthat's new we have. All the new drop, firinges, bands,&c, &c.Come let us show you.W. EdALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butierich PatternssFor FridayI Fee's Cash Specials,!Country Club" Layer CakesWewil! pface on sale Friday and Saturday200 fresh Country Club Layer Cakes, following varieties:Chocolate Ribbon,See-Cream, Caramel,VaniESa, Lemon.On acccunfcofthe popularity of these Cakesthe demand is great, so we advise you topface your order early.j!FEE'SHINTONTHE HOME OUTFITTER.$16.90You beat this price when you consider the Quality and the patterns of these rugs?Will find my prices lower on all lines of furniture than you see advertised in so-called bigsales.For your self my offerings in Wall Paper andLace Curtains, for I surely can please youand save you money.WHAT Do you say to a Davenport for $13.75?You find others ask $14.90 for the same article.It not to your advantage to buy from me? I save youmoney and give you what you buy, andBEST Of all, I sell you nothing but nice freshsecond-hand.SEE MYREFRIGERATORS!I Handle the Best.4$Tuckeraturdaygoods nothingand SIiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 19, 1912NEW ill THEOi4frMl! ) iii!Mit:lBe Happ?Happy the girl, or woman, who has never suffered fromany of the diseases of womanhood! Or, if she has been asufferer, happy is she if she has learned of the wonderfulbenefits of Cardui, the woman's toniclCardui is a gentle, tonic remedy, for women's ailments.It is a natural medicine safe, harmless, purely vegetable.It has been in successful use for more than 50 years. Ithas cured thousands, It should do the same for you.4iTAKE L.L A R D U I iWbrfianytonMrs. Mary Neely, of Denver, Tenn., says, "I thinkthere is no tonic on earth, as good as Cardui. I used itwith the very best results. I had backache and nearlyeverything a woman could suffer with, until I took Cardui.Now, I feel better than I have for two years. I shallalways recommend Cardui to other suffering women. Ican't praise it too highly. As a medicine for weak, tired,worn-out women, Cardui is safe and reliable. Try it, today.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept., Chattanooca Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.lor Special Instructions, and 64-page book, 'Horae Treatment for Women," sentfree. J 55Skeleton Shows Human Race isOlder Than Believed.Age Over 100,000 Years Being MuchMore Like the Modern BritonThan th NeanderthalType.All the Latest Ideas ineS&t7&ti"TNow On Displaymas&sraLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentISStHimiSmL. N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Treiins rrry-eFllOMAtlanta, Sa.. Daily; 5 21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday , 8.12 amCincinnati. 0.. Daily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort. Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-psirt .No. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arx10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday. 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily -. 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4n pm:$fo:34134297io40373123326259138385393083231tLondon. English scientists are taking great interest in the discovery ofa skeleton' beneath an undisturbedlayer of bowlders and clay in EastAnglia, now Norfolk and Suffolk. Ifthe evidence is good, this skeletonmust be that of a man who belongedto a race that lived in that districtbefore the most severe of the variousice movements of the glacial period.A singular feature of the discoveryis that, in most respects, the skeletonresembles that of the modern Englishman and is not of the more simiantype to which the Neanderthal man,though a much later phenomenon, belongs.There now seems to be a growingbody of evidence that the moderntype "of man was evolved at an extremely early date before the beginning of the glacial period, but that,for thousands of years afterwards theprimitive, or Neanderthal, type continued to flourish in Europe.Until this find the Neanderthal manwas regarded as the oldest in Europe,and one of the scientific commentators says:"Some people were hasty enough todiscern in these Neanderthal men,with their monkeylike qualities, evidence of the missing link. It is nowclear that they were survivors of astock which had deteriorated, and noiprogenitors of our race. If we haveto accept the theory of evolution andIt is still only a theory it is a puzzling fact that man has changed so little in 100,000 years."On this" point Prof. Keith, anthropologist at the museum of the RoyalCollege of Surgeons, says of the latestdiscovery:"There is every evidence that thismart lived long before the glacial period. During this period England wascovered with a great thickness of ice.Finally this melted and a layer ofdebris was deposited. It was underneath a deposit of this sort that theskeleton was found. Hence he musthave lived before the ice age and before the rivers formed."The finding of this skeletonstrengthens the belief that the evolution of man was an infinitely longerprocess than we originally thought. Atone time believers in the evolutiontheory thought that man's development to his present state might havetaken something like 10,000 years.Later they put the period at somethingaround 20,000 years. The difference,if any, between this man's bodily framework and modern man's is so minuteas to prove that the evolution musthave taken hundreds of thousands ofyears. -"This discovery shows that Englandwas inhabited as early as if not earJier than any continental country."MISTLETOE 1$ UNDER BANLaw Declar-PublicTulare County to Haveing Parasite aNuisance.Visalia. No sentiment attaches tomistletoe in Tulare county since, following a detailed report by the horticultural commissioner, submitted tothe board of supervisors the countylawmakers instructed the district attorney to draw up a law in which mistletoe will be declared a public nuisance. ":,J 1135 &$-W$i$w-ijx' 3 "The law provides that the existenceof mistletoe will be considered a. misdemeanor upon the part of the owner of the property upon which thepest exists, and a heavy fine or imprisonment, or both fine and imprisonment, are provided as punishment whenever no adequate stepsare taken to eradicate the pest.Schu'lz states in his report that inaddition to causing the death ofshade trees as well as deciduousfruit trees, the mistletoe is the hostfor all varieties of scale and that'it is therefore a constant danger tothis district. Appropriation will bemade for eradicating the parasitefrom trees upon public roads andother public property.GIRL'S HEART CHANGES SIDES.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except bunday o.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except bunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrails DepartNo. ' TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only ' 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday t 9.53 am 13 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday . V, . 5.52 amHaving Moved Over to Right, Is Nowon Way Back to Its OriginalPosition.Los Angeles. After having performed the almost unheard of feat of traveling from the left side of her body tothe right, the heart of Erna Lampert,eleven years old, of this city, is believed now to have started back-toits proper place in her chest or is loston the way.In any event, the girl's heart hasleft the right side of her body andhas not yet reached the left, althoughits pulsations are plainly felt. Sincelast June the girl has been examinedby more than a hundred surgeons.Her physician said that if her heartdid return to its normal position shewould soon be out of danger.Steeplejack Jumps Far.New York. To prove the "efficiencyof a patent "collar pajrachute" forsteeplejacks, Frederick R. Law leapedfrom the top of the statue of libertyand only sprained his ankle. by his800-foot drop.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.$$VULCAN PLOWSMa& The Vulcan Plow Co.7EVANS VI LLE, IND.ikJk.xTRY THEVULCANWell Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Price Second.IGenuineBourbonPlows and -Repairs for Sale Only by-rage & SuoolCor, 4th and High Sreeis?nuig nm iiuiiREn i " nUIIILUKLIS IIIUUISLU.IfflfxSilOrdinary Catharics and Pills andHarsh Physic Cause Distressing Complaints.You cannot be over careful in theselection of medicine .for children.Only the very gentlest bowel medicineshould ever be given, except in emergency cases. Ordinary pills, catharicsand purgatives are apt to do moreharm than good. They may cause griping, nausea and other distresing aftereffects that are frequently healthdestroying.We personally recommend andguarantee Kexall Orderlies as thesafest and mest dependable remedy,which we know, for constipation andassociate bowel disorders. We Jiavesuch absolute faith in the virtues ofthis, remedy that we sell it on ourguarantee of money back in every instance where it fails to give entiresatisfaction, and we urge all in needof such medicine to try it at our risk.Rexall Orderlies are ealen just likecandy, arep articularly prompt andagreeable in action, may be taken atany time, day or night; do not causediarrhoea, nausea, griping, excessivelooseness or other undesirable effects.They have a very mild but positiveaction upon the organR with whichthey come in contact, apparently acting as a regulative tonic upon the relaxed muscular coat of the bowel, thusovercoming weakness and aiding tolestore the bowels to more vigorousaud healthy activity,Rexall Orderiles commonly completely relieve constipation, except ofcourse when of a surgical character.They also tend to, overcome the necessity of constantly taking laxatives tokeep the bowels-in a normal condition.Three sizes of packages, 10, 25 and 50cents. Remember you can obtain Rexall Remedies in Paris only at our storeThe Rexall Store. G. S. Varden &Son.CHICAGO, ILL, CINCINNATI, 0.,COLUMBUS, 0., CLEVELAND, 0.,DETROIT, MICH., TOLEDO, 0.,AND ALL POINTS NORTH.ATLANTA, GA., BIRMINGHAM, ALA., CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,DALLAS, TEX., GALVESTON, TEX., JACKSONVILLE, FLA.,NEW ORLEANS, LA., KNOXVILLE, TENN., SHREVEP0RT, LA.,AND ALL POINTS SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.ALL POINTSasEASILY2H0 W8SI REACHEDn taUWs VVIA THE THROUGH CAR SERVICE OF THEFOR FARES AND ALL OTHER INFORMATION, CALL ON OR WRITEH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St., LEXINGTON, KY.W. A. BECKLER, General Passenger Aeent, - - - - CINCINNATI. OHIO.r-.Tif.'lll MIMIII 111mmmmmmmmmmmMWmMmMNavel Orange From Brazil.The navel orange was first discovered in Bahia, Brazil, whence it wascarried to Australia, but there theslips did not thrive. The botanical department at Washington, D. C, sentfor some slips, and on receiving themsent them to an orange grower of LosAngeles. In due time the trees grewand produced fruit, and this was named the Washington navel orange incompliment to the department at thecapital.Time Doubly Wasted.Much of our lives is spent in marring our own influence and turningothers' belief in us into a widely concluding unbelief, which they call knowledge of the world, while it is reallydisappointment ' in you or me.George Eliot.New Spring GoodsATtZ2!TWIN BROS.ggg Department StoreCor. 7th and Main MmpysriisaGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,BigLinens, Waists, Etc.Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentuckymml KflSt VtA WTA B01VS1mmmmm'll'tARelic of Spanish Inquisition.The building occupied by the Peruvian senate was once the seat in Limaof the Spanish inquisition. The chamber in which the council sat possessesa wonderfully beautiful ceiling, carvedand presented by Spanish monks 450years ago. The torture chamber is nowa retiring room for the senators.Peru To-Day.Amen.The ones who have thought mostabout it tell us that a man cannot behappy without being good and likewise that ho cannot be good withoutbeing happy.FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, possee?sion givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.Plione 198.' - J. H. BUTLER,12 tf - - . ' Paris Ky-r3ENotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera. Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,.Diarrhoea and all Diseases or PoultrytkSINONE JlS GOODNO OUBK, NO PJL.YMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., sayi: "I hava used Recijxi 4-11-44 for years adtKakit the bestpoultry remedy made. 1 1 cures gapes and limberneck without fail.Will Coomea, Bardrtown, Ky., say: "One drop of Recipe 4-1 1 -44 dropped down the bill of a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieres the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive I have ever used.Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLD BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.tm IB HHti4THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 19, 19i2.MAN'S KIT TO POSTHBTTTHealth, Strength; Vigor, Vitality.ME&MWBBOOKBOOIOIIMiniBGIIQnrtCUBINGKENHarvest HandsFARMrlmiamffltrWasted EffortSINCE1892.s KNOW YOURSELF!Job PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;4IRE J9B RBOfflS GF 2THENewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIIIHFAHSLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingfust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.(Copyright, 1911, by Associated "Literary Press)They wanted harvest hands inIndiana, Iowa, Kansas all over thewest. They wanted them so badthat very high wages were offeredand agents sent east to talk and advertise. It was free fare out, withkeep on the road, and then $3 perday and the most liberal board forweeks and weeks. It was the greatest chance for the students workingtheir way through college, and scoresof them took advantage of it.Dwight Carleton, of Columbia,looked upon it as a special interposition of Providence. In six weeks hecould earn sufficient to take himthrough the winter term. He hadno wealthy father to back him.Fourteen hours per day in the. harvest field, and the farmer carrying agrouch because he could not make itfifteen! A bed on the hay in thebarn, and every man still hungry ashe arose from the "liberal table!"The husky workers groaned and perspired and stood it. Those who hadnever roughed it kept on as long asthey could, and dropped out and werepaid off and told to go. And whenDwight Carleton was handed hiswages, after ten days of backbreaking work, he found them insufficient even to pay his railroad fareback as far as Chicago. And thensome one stole his spare clothing, andwhen he "hit the pike" he hadnothing to carry in his hands.There came a day to Dwight Carleton when he had to sit down by theroadside and wonder if he could evermake another mile. Exhausted withhunger and tramping and exposure,and a fever burning him, he 3at withhis head in his hands and his courageall gone. And then the children fromthe country school, a quarter of a mileaway, came along on their way homeand stopped to look at him and makecomments. And a little later camethe schoolma'am in her pink sunbonnet and clean calico dress."You are ill," she said as sheglanced at the young man.He nodde his head."Well, come back to the firsthouse. That's where I live. My father is a farmer, but I'm teaching this.school this term. You are ill andweak. Take my arm.""But I'm penniless," replied the exharvest hand with a rueful smile."Come now, and we'll walk slowly." It was after the patient had got tothe house and found a bed and thetelephone had summoned a doctor,that the farmer came up from thefield to say to his daughter:"For the last two years you'vebeen trying to turn this house intoa tramp hospital, and now you'vedone it! That feller is playing .'posBum on you. He's got to get out ofthis and move along!"The father was taken into the bedroom of the half-asleep, mutteringyoung man and shown the palms ofhis hands. They were blistered."Guess he's been at work somewhere's and played out, but it ain'tfor us to pay his doctor bills andnurse him.""I can pay, father, from my schoolmoney.""Humph! And when he gets ableto go, he'll steal my best horse!"It was two weeks before the patient was able to leave his room, andtwo more before he was movingaround outdoors. Before that he hadtold his story and written a letter tobe mailed to New York city."Trying to get through collegehump!" was the farmer's reply. "Ma,our Susie's soft as butter. She believes every word that feller says,and you keep your eye out that theydon't elope together. That letter toNew York was only a blind. It'llnever be took notice of."But it was. There came ail answer and a big money order, andyoung Mr. Carleton was to get someclothes and come on as soon as hecould. He owed something to thefarmer. At a family council thefarmer reckoned that $50 would beabout right."He shall never pay it, father!" exclaimed the daughter as the redblazed up in her cheeks."Then who will?""I will! I told you so in the beginning. That money is only a loanfrom a friend."Out in the orchard, the day beforehe left, the ex-harvest hand tried topay the money to his nurse, but sheheld her hands behind her and saidshe wanted to be his creditor."For how long?" he asked."Till you you ""I shall come back some day to paymy debt. When I do I shall ask forsomething I dare not speak of now.How long will you wait?""Isn't cash in thirty days the rule?"she blushingly asked.One spring day three years laterthe mother ranvdown into the field tosay to the husband:"Oh, pa, but it's all happened it'sall happened!""Has that dinged smokehouse tippedover?;'"No, but that young man haswalked home from school with Susieand he's through with college andhe's got a place that pays thousandsa year and he's paid back her moneyvand wants to be married right awayand and ""Wall, I alius laid 'twould come!Alfalfa is an old plant.New feed adds palatability.Are you using a good strain of seed?Don't allow the sveet corn fodderto waste. 4Peas are strongly recommended forfattening sheep.Sunlight for little pigs is almost asessential as food.Rape is one of the best crops fcrtemporary hog pasture.Horses should be carefully handledin cold, stormy weather.Late hatched turkeys should neverbe used for breeding purposes.Glean hay cannot be obtained fromsoil that is foul with weed seeds.In broiler raising careful attentionshould be paid to the breeding stock.Sheep ought to be kept because ofthe influence which they exert uonfertility.Keep the brooder houses" in a cleansanitary condition and never overcrowd.More pigs are raised in Pennsylvania than in perhaps any other statein the union.In keeping cows never be withoutclover. It is one of the foods essential to good dairying.See that your brood sows get plentyof exercise so that they may producelarge, healthy litters.A man cannot work on boiled turnips alone, neither can a horse workon a diet of straw and fodder.sThe matter of spraying and pruningis important and vital in connectionwith the apple growing industry.Gentleness and patience are alwaysimportant in the dairy barn, butdoubly so when handling the youngheifer.The busy hen is the productive one;hence she should be so fed as to induce the greatest activity, if in confinement. Weighing and testing a cow's milkwill never make her give more, but itwill make her owner appreciate herreal worth more.Winter dairying provides more careand better feeding, but it also comesat a time when it is possible to givethis care and feeding.Keep the hogs well bedded on coldnights and provide sufficient shelterfor them so they will not be inclinedto crowd each other too 'much.If market hogs are your specialtyyour aim is of course to produce fromyour brood sows as large a numberof strong, healthy pigs as possible.Lambs of low vitality and ewes deficient in milk flow at lambing timeare usually the result of impropermanagement during the pregnant period. When out in the barnyard or corralthe cows like to keep busy picking atsome corn fodder or other roughageeven if they get enough feed in thestables.Clean pens, stalls, bedding, etc., andplenty of ventilation are Important,and without these things the hogs areIn such weak condition they are likely to take anything.Goose eggs require thirty days forincubation and it is customary tohatch at least some of them withhens, since the geese are heavy andoften not inclined to set.When dirt from the cow or fromthe milker is introduced into the milkthere is not only introduced the badflavor of the manure, but also someferments common to the digestivetractAs soon as fall plowed ground isdry enough in tlie spring the diskshould be put on it and kept goingevery week or t-11 days so that moisture will be sKtf-d up which maycome in handy during next July andAugust.Provide succulent food of somekind in the she -y ration. Silage isbest, but if yon have no silo, giveroots of some i'iiul mangels, turnips or rutabagas chopped into thegrain feed, which will freshen up theration wonderfully."And," Mrs. Bellflre added with aslightly acid touch, "you might behere on time, for a, change."Bellflre quailed, as a well trainedhusband should have done under thecircumstances. For on the previousfive evenings dinner had waited, cooled, collapsed into a sodden mess because of his nonarrival at the proper time."I will be home tonight," he assuredhis wife, "at 6 o'clock. I shall startin plenty of time to allow for distractions and, anyhow, I don't think Ishould be blamed because an oldfriend sprung up out of the earth andtalked a half hour, or for a slowwatch or for a slow client! However,barring earthquakes and convulsionsof nature, this evening will see mehere when you expect me!""I certainly hope so," Mrs. Bellflretold him. "I am sure the cook willleave if it happens again!"Bellfire started that evening for thesuburban express train, which left at5:25. He was going to make a goodjob of it and arrive home with fifteenminutes to spare. It was bitter coldand the train so crowded that the besthe could do was to wedge himself tododging the rain of cinders.Ordinarily it took the express trainfifteen minutes to make the run. Ithad been traveling five minutes whenit stumbled and then stopped. It didnot resume its progress. Men beganto fold their newspapers and scowl.Then they began to investigate. Itseemed that the locomotive was frozenup! A roar of indignation arose fromthe passengers. Somebody scratchedthe frost from a window and announced that they were nearly opposite anintermediate station. Then a localtrain puffed in at that platform.In the exodus which ensued Belllire found himself crushed off on thesnow covered ground. He stood kneedeep in a snowbank and blinked at thedistant platform, the trainmen swinging warning lanterns and orderingtheir escaping trainload back. Thenhe, too, began hopping over intervening tracks. He might lose his life,but he had to be home at 6 o'clock.He dodged a through train, knockeddown a fat man and joined the shivering crowd- clustering about thewrong end of the local platform. Theascending spirals of frosted breaththat went up from every Individuallooked like dozens of little campfires.On the end of the platform the everpresent busy person was giving orders. "Now, we've got to get the ladiesup here!" he said. "This man and I'llgive 'em a hand and you fellowsdown there get 'em started!"A riot ensued, punctuated by shrieksof, "Oh, it's so terribly high!" "TakeWillie first! Wil-l-ee! Stay awayfrom the edge of that platform!""Oh, I've dropped my bag!" "Whydon't they have steps here? I shouldthink there would be steps!"Bellflre, being large, soon foundthat he was doing most of the heavywork. The process of boosting numberless women, each weighing twentyfive pounds of furs and other wrapsabove normal, is exhausting. WhenBellfire at last clambered up he wasdisheveled, puffing, limp. He draggedhimself to that level just in time tosee the last of the crowd swing on thelast platform of the local that hadpuffed in.When he had become petrified to hisknees another headlight loomed upand dashed by without stopping. Itwas an express train temporarily outof its orbit because of Bellflre's frozen train. By the time another appeared Bellflre was ice to his neck.Stiffly he stumbled on board anddropped himself against a door. Hedid not dare sit down because he wasfirmly convinced that if he did so hewould splinter into icicles. When hehad thawed out enough to have human intelligence Bellflre observed thatthe train was making no stops whatever. Just as this fact dawned uponhim the lights of his own station appeared, blinked, vanished. Hegrabbed the conductor and protestedraucously."Nope," said the conductor. "Thistrain is a special and doesn't stopagain till it gets to Flowerdale at theend of the line."Flowerdale is exactly twenty-onemiles beyound Bellflre's station. Aveil will be drawn over the communion that Bellfire had with himself during the trip out, the dismal wait andthe trip back on a local. The veryleast and mildest thing that he couldimagine Mrs. Bellflre doing was dismantling the flat and packing hertrunk.At ten minutes past 8 Bellfire slunkinto his apartment. The worst wasconfirmed, for there were no lights."Emily," he began huskily, "listenwhile I explain, won't you?"There was silence as he turned on alight. Then he saw a penciled scrawlin the mirror. She had left' him, "heknew! Finally he summoned- enougrcourage to read his wife's message."Dear John," It ran, "moth- phonedfor us to come to dinner ton- t. Comeon over.""Oh, pickles!" exclaimed Bellflre,thankfully. Then he went out to thepantry and made a ham sandwich.Chicago Daily News. ..by mil. sealed, to those encloainz Te Ci msUnpe.for potae. etc. WorthlU we4ittooIdto aay discouraged, Bfieriag aaa. TWa toetains Tital facta 00 acute and chronic die. including Nervous and Physical Debility, tMxhmnte&Vitality, Atrophy, Varicocele aad all Dueat astLDebilities of Men from whateyer ctw; kewjro-.daced.how cared; also Blood Poiaea.it MfttWeresults; its conqueror br medical ? tar ttslatest and most remarkable victory. PrtK. Enleh aGerman Discovery (The " wbtek paMa thfangs of this awfal malady, aakiag it safckly aadeasily curable. Write for it today. srr Address DR. IiWB IWST1TLT.333 WaOamt Strc. CiseiauuUl. !Don't give np hope until you fcava teea-eldDr. Dolle. Ho will give you FREE a tbowgh.examination, and will tell you the Truth.Consultation Free and confidential at office r Byletter. For Twenty Years Mem have beea c&miaicfrom all over the middle west to be art4 by !Dr. jxlle, who sees and treats all patieatepcrseBaUy. it ... , .TOBACCOWe are prepared to HaulToh- " i. UkJ- tuany point. No crop .too;large. We can furnish teamsand wagons. , .TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourMARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Low Round TripBATES.Homeseekers, FaresTo .points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana. Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays" ofeach menth with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to deatinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untkApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida, Georgia,Louisana, New Meixcp and Texas,;with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS. Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A. 'KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision,Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour on:the hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goiaa;only as far as Versailles.Cirs leave Lexington for Versailles"and Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. m.,"and at 9 and 11 p. m., the.last car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 pm., the last car going only asffaras Lexington?GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON7TSlTHTTnT . A Q VTT T J?.s Division,Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every fortyrfiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. uinui u.ij jj. m., aiiu o.uo uiu10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. m,until 7 p. m. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everj- thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 pjm. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexing-4- 1 Pn,n.nn,n attmwt fit-aa.mminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m ,Daily Fast Freight Service Between.Paris, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Tel.noi.es: Old Phone 309, NewPhcne 303.FOR SALE.rThree houses in Henry Addition andone lot located near Main street inBnrnes Addition and facing on Barnesavenue. Very desirable for railroadmen. Cheap if sold at once.WHITE VARDEN,Home Phone 125 or at Postoffice.ELECTRIC LIGHTEdison Dream comes true MazdaLamps will give you the same lightat less than Halt tne cost, or morethan twice the light at the same cost.We' sell them at cost for cash,Paris Gas 4 Electric Light Co.k A II AAllPill!HAN UUnENilQUALITYTYLEH3ixr ? ootwear.Von InThree Respects.iIf you want full value, visit ourstore and we will convince you ofthe great money saving opportunities our store affords you.We now have some exceptionalgood values inWomen's. Misses'and Children'sSPRING STYLES,In Pumps, Shoes and Oxfords,which we will .place on sale thisweek.AdVtiiiGOCl spring specialsLadies' Pumps and Oxfords inSatin, Gun Metal, Tan and Velvet,S1.99We just received a great shipment of Misses' and Children'shigh-grade Spring Shoes in plainand fancy leathers, which we willalso place on sale at a bargain.White Shoes For Spring Are It.We have the best assortment of hoes and Oxfordsjn White Buck and Canvas at popular prices.DA IN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.IMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. W. V. Shaw left Saturday fora two weeks' visit to her mother, Mrs.Harding, at Butler.Miss Mareraret Douglas., of Paris.was the guest of Miss Louise MyallFriday and Saturday.Messrs W. V. Shaw and S. M. Allenleft Friday for a two week's sojournat west Baden, ma.Mrs. Anna Jefferson returned Fridayafter a several week's visit to friendsand relatives in Mason county.Mr. Clarence Miller returned Saturday to his home in Cynthiana after avisit to his mother, Mrs. Ada Miller.Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Judy, of Lexington, were gueats of her brothers,Messrs. 0. W. and E. M. Ingles, lastweek.Judge and Mrs. T. P. Waddell returned Wednesday from Bardstownwhere they attended the funeral ofMrs. Waddell's father, Mr. C. R. Conner. FOR RENT My farm on the SteelFord pike, consisting of 75 acres withgood residence and outbuildings.Thirty acres for corn and tobacco, tnerest in grass. Possession given atonce.MARTIN BOWLES.In a recent letter from Mr. B. A.Neal to his father, Mr. E. M. Neal, hereports that he and his mother are doing nicely at Clearwater, Fla. A fewdays ago they were two of a smallparty who went out on the gulf fishingand reports a good catch.Mr. Tick Hitt, aged abtut 60, residing on the farm of Mr. Hugh Campbell, died Friday evening at eighto'clock of pneumonia, after a fewdays' illness. He is survived by awife and two married daughters.Burial Sunday afternoon in MiiieiSburg cemetery.The cadets ot M. M. I. are preparing to put on "The Scout of the Philipines," a popular military play, onMonday evening, April 1, whichoromises to be one of the best evergiven at the institution. The M. M.I. orchestra will make its first appearance of the year on this occasion.It is being trained by Prof. Trost, ofLexington.The annual reception of the Seniorand Junior classes of the MillersburgFemale College, which was held Friday evening from eight to twelveo'clock, proved to be one of the mostbrilliant receptions ever held in theinstitution. The color scheme wasgreen and red, emblematical of St.Patrick's Day. Grill's orchestra ofLexington furnished the music. Whenthe guests had assembled they wereconducted to the parlor where theywent down the first receiving linemade up of the Seniors, thence to thelihrarv where thev went rlnwn the lineof Juniors. The number present waslarffe. and troent.v different tnwnii nnHcommunities were represented. A delightful lunch was served in the diningroom. The following is a partial listof visitors :Mesrss. Mcllvaine, Alex Mcllvaine,Elein Peck. J. R. Weiler. ClaudeSaunders. Pearl CiilL T. R. Lvons.Clifton Taylor, Carlin Whaley. MissesAnnie Louise Whaley, Eldiva Saunders, Maude Knight, t lemingbsurg ;Messrs. wm. atatton.u. iiucci, AlbertWeiman, J. L. Ammerman, J. W.Switzer, McNear Ammerman, Wm.Daupper, O. B. Crockett, W. E.Pfeister, Jacoby, W. H. Ammerman',Nichols, W. D. Hancock, CarrollDaucherty. Misses Frances Scott.Josephme Peed, Liovaine Wheeler, L.15. bapp, JLexington; Messrs. J. C.Uryan, Graham Young, Frank Sledd,MiES Kittie Burberry, North Middletown ; Messrs. C. Williams, Canfield,Miss Bettie Reese, Maysville; Messrs.Kenneth Howe, W. H. Arnold, JohnWells, R. H. Moore, J. W. Vest, DukeYoung, Frank Mathias, Milford Berry,Frank Henry, Carlisle; Messrs. Wiggington, Chas. Brown, Jr , BookerMcClasey, Sam Hutchins. Bloomfield;Messrs. Frank List, Henry Sparks,Pleasureville; Mr. J. L. Cooper, Midway ; Mrs. Orie Lebus, Miss FannieLou Martin, Messrs. John McDaniel,Chas. Counke, Cynthiana; Mr. andMrs. J. S. McClintock, Kansas City,Wo. ; Mr. Wills Jacoby, Miss LenaDavis, Hutchison; Messrs. W. B.Epperson, B. R. Fitch, Floyd Holladay. Marvin and Ran Wright, Winchester; Mr. Albert Curry, Louisville;Misses JUarly and Reynolds, Mr. CritJohnson, Danville; Mrs. R. A. Pinkston, Covington ; Carroll Frazer,Frankfort; Mr. Wiley Smith, Barbourville; Miss Beula Thomas, Harrodsburg; Mrs. JJeff Redd. Paintsville:Misses Chambers, Crutcher, LeiRoberts, Margaret Douglas, Messrs.G. C. Thompson. Jr., Holt Daniel,Emerson Galloway, Floyd, Henderson,Oscar Ashcraft, Lucian Arnpsarger,John Ardery, Arnold Shropshire, A.T. Thompson, Paris.The funeral of Mr. F. F. Hurst whodied at his home Tuesday evening at 7oe'lock aftre a brief illness of pneumonia, was conducted Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock at Methodist churchby his pastor, Rev. Thos. Smith, andwas buried under the auspices of Amity Lodge No. 40 F. & A. M. Notwithstanding the unfavorable weather conditions during the day, the Methodistchurch with its large seating capacitywas taxed to its utmost and manywere compelled to stand. Elder Smithwho was in charge of the services delivreed an able discourse. In speakingof the deceased he said he had knownhim but a short time, but he knew thehome to be a happy one and he alwaysfelt better for being there. In his remarks to the family he was indeedtouching. A number of appropriateselections were rendered by a quartetconsisting of Misses Ruth Norris,Belle Taylor Judy, Doctors H. C.Burroughs and F. A. Herbert, organist, Miss Lula McNamara, violinist,Miss Esther Nell Miss Nell's obligations to the selections rendered appealed to every heart The floral tributes were numerous as well as thehandsomest ever seen here The bluelodge masons were escorted to thegrave by Carlisle commandery No. 18,of which the deceased was a member,holding the third highest office in thecommandery. The services at thegrave were -conducted by WorshipfulMaster M. P. Collier of Amity LodgeNo. 40 F. & A. M. The services atthe grave were marred somewhat bythe heavy downpour of rain. Amongthe many prominent Masons presentwere Deputy .Grand Master J. H.Ewalt, of Shawhan. and Past GrandMaster S. K. Veach, of Carlisle; Visitors were present from all surroundingtowns. The following is a partial listof the relatives and immediate friendsof the family present: Mrs. EvaAdams, a sister of the deceased, andson. Brooks Adams ; Mr. Carl Hurst,a brother, of Ewing Mr. and Mrs.Edward Cochran. Mr. and Mrs. E. S.Wells, of Elizaville; Mr. and Mrs. 0.A. Vansant, Mr. Winn, Mr. Chas.Rhodes, Mr. Chas. Lytle, Messrs. M.D. Hurst and Winn Hurst, FJemingsburg ; Mr. Hood Smith, Mr. and Mrs.George Donaldson, Winchester, Mr.Archie Cochran, Berry.Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Shy leave forParis today to make their future home.Mr. Poe, who moved recently to theFlanders farm near town, is quite ill.M iss Lavina Reynolds, ofJCaldwiel 1College,. Danville, visited relativeshere from Friday till Monday.Mr. Ora Hurst the newjlinanager ofthe Hurst Home Insurance Co., is inOwensboro on business. He will beabsent about a week.Miss Kitty Burberry, of Centerville,Sallie Louis Martin and Mrs. Orie Lenus. of Cynthiana, are guests at thehome of Mr. A. F. McDaniel.Mr. and Mrs. Jos. McClintock, whohave been the guests of their ancle,Mr. Thos. McClintock, for the pasttwo weeks, have returned to theirhome in Kansas City Mo. r-.LO ST B e t w e"en"the"j ewelry "storeof Aaron McCnnnell and the home ofMr. T. T. Bentley a sunbrust broach.Finder return to the store of Mr. McConnell and receive reward.Mr. Ora Hurst, nephew of Mr. F. F.Hrust, who died last Friday will beappointed Secretary and GeneralManager of the Hurst Home InsuranceCo., to fill the vacancy occasioned bythe death of his uncle.Attend the Minstrel.Don't fail to attend the performanceof the Bourbon Black Blitzens at theOprea House tomorrow night. ,Spring Millinery.On account of the backward seasonand the very bad weather we havedecided not to hold our regualr springopening until April 3 and 4. Howeverwe are now showing the most exquisite line of tailored and ready to wearhats for early spring that the Easternmarkets have ever shipped us. Theprices this year will surprise you although the styles are prettier thanever.19 3t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.John Hauck's Bock.We have the genuine John Hauck'sbock beer on tap at all times. Don't'forget the fact that we know how tokeep the draught beer bo that it is always fresh.19 2t B. WEIbSBEKG.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESJoseph M. Leach purchased twotracts of land on the Elizabeth pikecontaining a-out 100 acres for $14,996.61. The supply of stock teed in Woodford county is well nigh exhaustedand much feed in that county is beirgimported.W. C. Dickerson has purchased ufArthur Talbott a farm near Colvilleon the Millersburg and Cynthiana pikecontaining 96 3-4 acres for $9,550.Mr. George Burke, who for anumber of years has lived in Bourboncounty, has moved to Scott county toact as an agricultureman on the farmof Mr. Jack bhuwalt.The scarcity of feed in Bourhoncounty is a problem confronting thefarmers. Many are importing feedwhile others are using cotton seedhulls in the place of corn, clover hay.Caywood & McClintock, of thiscity, disposed of two fine teams ofmules Saturday at fancy prices. Onewas sold to John M. Clay for $450 andanother to Mrs. Thos. H. Clay for$4b5.The stockholders of the People'sLoose Lieaf Tobacco Wraehouse company, which was recently oragnized inCarlisle, have elected Dr. J. W. Burnsof this city, president, and HarryKennedy, cashier of the Farmers'bank, secretary and treasurer.Kentucky Colonel, full brother toKentucky Choice, a three year oldpurchased by Louisvlle parties for$3,000, is now in traioning at the farmof R. Walter Briggs near Shelbyville.This is the highesfprice ever paid fora three year old saddle colt.At a meeting of the ExecutiveCommittee of the Burley TobaccoSociety held in Lexington Friday, areport has it, the purchase of a tobacco factory in Louisville was discussedbut the report could not be confirmed.No further sale of the 1909 crop wagreported.The farmers should avail themselves of this opportunity in gettingall implements and necessary toolsfor spring work in proper condition.Test the seed corn, mend the harnessand do other little things that sometimes need their attention before thespring work begins.The Montana "fever" seems to beworking upon a large number of farmers in the northern part of the county,in the Plum Lick neighborhood, fromthe fact that a number have decidedto move to that state. They are Joeand Ben Foley, Chas. Julian and K. I.Richie, Keller Caywood, Vernie Martin, William Doan, Chas. FlackersteinDee Stull, John Mullikin and JohnWelsh.Prolonged disagreeable weatherconditions has had the effect of delaying the farmers of Bourbon county asthere has been no suitable weatherfor plowing or sowing or making anypreparations whatever for th$ springwork which usually begins prior tothis season of the year. The heavydownpour of last week left the groundunfit for plowing and even if theweathpc conditions continue favorableit wili be several days before tne workcan begin.$1ftfi Will start a bank account here,OO and, start you on the road tosuccess.U JlgricnlturCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00Protection$367,500.00itiJ. H. JOSSELSON.We have a magnificent line of Clothing and Shoesin for Spring and will be able to suit the public withprices and qualities.Sole agent for the following brands of shoes:Peter's Diamond Brand mm mSelz Royal- Blue 111 IIDr. Reed's Cushion Sole W-rJ. H. Josselson.71 7 Main Street, Paris, Ky.Mm MONEYCopyright 1910. by tho Standard Air. Co.tAND well it should; it shows the fi determination to success.United States Depository for PostalI Savings.t We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.iIiI Capital $100,000Surplus $30,000ExBourbon Has Good Stable.The Lexington Lealer of Sundaysaid: "In the stable of R. C Frakescan be found one of the raciest'loDkingcolts at the track in the two year oldGin Kickey, by Royal Flush, out ofRoman Bell. This cult has shown wellin his early training and is eligible tothe Juvenile Stake at Louisville andthe Harold Stake at Latonia. Anotherin the same stable is the three yearold maiden Palmist Perian by Tarjmeister, out of Etla Lee, who did notdo as well in his training last year andwas never started, but who has improved a crreat deal in his three yearold form."Attend the Minstrel.Dont' fail to attend the performanceof the Bourbon Jblack Blitzens at theOpera Hoaae2tomorrbw night.The Farm Special Train.The Farm Special train to be runover tne F. & C. and L. & N. underthe au spices of the Kentucky Agricultural College will arrive in Paris .'at 9o'clock a. m. on Friday, March 29.The Farm Special will consist cfeight cars. One will be devoted todairying, one 10 horticulture, one tolive stock and poultry, one to fieldcrops, one flat car for exhibition ofthe live stock, one to home economics,women's work, and two living coactnsfor the lecturers.Various topics under the above heac3will be discussed by the best authorities available. The train, will affordrare educational opportunities. Literature on variuus farm topics will hagiven away. No money or labor hasbeen spared to make this trsin literally a "university on wheels.."