' -y.fr ---V:. w.titlfiF&THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARv &ir 7?fJ&W?.A-- Kr-VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1912' - -Sir'JIL?mVmmisIP1ItBig ReductionnPublisher's Company Organized.On AllLOW SHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.IGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManIJ'"'rZrZr!2r& !..... .9&NCMfr-ltf-!- AF A TMFnIV TT I I IIK $ftDFtM A I & tt u":&Boiled HamIjjl Minced HamHi Dried BeefBolognaImported Swiss CheeseBrick CheesePimento CheeseNew York CheeseWater Melons andCantaloupes on Ice,BLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-Sb Sack SOcSO-Sb Sack $ 1 .601 OO-lb Sack . , $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.vBoth Phones 234V!VIwifftvv" Stockholders of the Associated Publisher's Company in this city willhear the interesting news of the comoletion of theorganization and its incorporation under the laws of the Stateof Delaware. Stock certificates havebeen issued and the hrst "nrospectusforwarded to the stockholders in theconcernThe movement for the formation ofthe comoany to ftake a place amonethejleadinc magazine publishing concerns of the country was inauguratedseveral months ago and the 'progressmade so far has proven very satisfactory to the promoters of the enterprise. It might be well to call the attention of our readers to the plans of thecompany which contemplates thedistribution of a magazine supplement as afeature of the best daily", weekly andsemi-weekly newspapers of the smallercities, those with established circulations in farming communities notreached by the metropolitan newspapers which furnish literature of a similar nature.The circulation is being secured under cuntracts of a charcacter to insurethe strong co-operation of .all publishers accepted, and within a short timethe circulation should rival, if not exceed that of magazine supplementswith metropolitan distribution. In theseveral towns in Kentucky where thepromotors have been operating.the following newspapers hve been secured:Daily Independent, Mavsville; Harrodsburg Herald, Harrodsburg; Bourbon News, Paris; Jessamine Herald,Nicholasviile; Kentucky Advocate,Danville Kentucky Register, Richmond; Somerset Journal, Somerset;Elizabethtown News, Elizabethtown ;Thousand Sticks, Middie3boro; SunSentinel, Winchester.The prospectus furnished by the company clearly demonstrates the possibilities and success of the enterprisetogether with, the .immense Drofita tobe realized by the stockholders throughthe publication of a magazine to become'a part of hundreds of newspapers in the South.The flattering possibilities have metwith the favor of quite a number inthis city, who have taken stock in theconcern and there is every evidence ofan increased sale of shares in the nextthirty days. Mr. Carl H. Pratt, representing the company will be in thecity today and tomorrow andjwill takepleasure in further explaining the merits of the new enterprise, or prospectus can be secured by those interested by writing The Associated Poblisher's Company, Provident Building.Cincinnati, 0.Buy Buto Delivery Wagon.,Curtis Henry &C o., the South Mainstreet grocers, have purchased thrcughMr. JameaiDouglass aSchachtauto delivery wagon, which is the handsomestiq the city. Mr. Henry and Mr. Douglass returned from Cincinnati Tuesdayevcmnc in the machine.r"WE KNOW HOW"V J;'JThe "Wio-Made-Them-For-You"Kind of Clothes ,They excite the flatteringcomment of your friendsthe homage men pay to styleand fit.;.NrOur Clothes have thatlook the expensive tailorlook and they cost no morethan ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere.Particularly seasonablestyles for fall wear. Tryon to-day.f?. V"i -riMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men Paris, KentuckyEverybody's Doing It.Now is the time to give that boating party, while the moon shine isbeautiful. Make arranements by calling M. B. Jackson, E.T . Phone 55.Hot Weather Lunches.Try our lunch counter for hot weather specials. Everything to tempt ahungrv man. Try one of our ham andege sandwiches. Thev are simnly fine.202t JAMES E. CRAVEN.vus wmvwmmmmmmm m mm mmmiHLmmmiiiiimmiinmiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiLi (FRANK & COS,?life&&&m&&&KlafeFALL DISPLAY OFWOOLENS1,000 Samples to Select From.Suits To Order$15 to $40.00. ,Fit and WorkmanshipGuaranteed. Lining wearsout during year refinedFREE.1-3 Off on all Panamasand Straw Hats.g&iiimmmmmiiHes&n8PRi6E&60.6iotmersmmand FurnishersJMmamm;" .. .. . . . . .. .... .... .. ..... . .. ..$3Will Serve Fair Dinner.The Women's Society of the Christian Church have secured the diningroom privilege at the fair this yearand will serve dinner every day during the fair. These ladies have already begun preDarations and will endeavor to keep the already good reputation they have earned in the pastas serving the best the market canafford lor such occasions. Don'tbother with cooking dinner at homeduring the fair, but take your guestout and treat them to one of thesefiue dirfners. The money earned onthis occasion is for the benefit of thepoor and will be distributed judiciouslythis winter.X& EEIThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.ExBourbon Man Critically 111.Mrs. James L. Brown, of this city,has received news of the serious illness of her brother, Mr. John Morrow, formerly ot the Hutchinsonneighborhood. Mr. Morrow wasstricken in Alaska and was taken toSan Francisco where his conditionbecame critical and he is now in Minnisota where he is under the care ofa specialist. His illness is said to beof a peculiar nature, baffling allphysicians who have treated him.Beloved Woman Laid to Rest.The funeral of the late Mrs. JuliaAmenda Frank was held at her residence on Broadway Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock. The services weresimple but impressive. Elder W. E.Ellis read the 23rd Psalm. Mrs. O. L.Davis, Mrs. Frank Fithian, Miss JuliaO'Brien, Dr. Frank Fithian and F. L.Walker sang her favorite hymns,"Lead Kindly Light," and "JesusLover of My Soul."The house was filled with sympathizing fiiends of the family. The bodywas laid to restin the family lot bythe side of that of her husband, whodied two years ago. His death was ashock from which she never fully recovered. Mrs. Frank was a beautiful Christian character, her influence for goodwill be long felt in this community,where she had in her quiet and simnleway extended deeds of loving kindnessto those less fortunate than herself.Her loss will be keenly felt in herhome where she was a loving, thoughtful, self sacrificing mother. 255Final Clean-Up SaleOFLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now $ 9.9815.00 L-d.ies' Suits, now 5.0035.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 7.5025.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 1 5.0020.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 9.9815.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 7.7510.00 Lingerie Dresses, now 4.9830.00 Silk Dresses, now 15.0025.00 Silk Dresses, now : 12.5020.00 Silk Dresses, now 1 O.OO '10.00 Linen Dresses, now . 4.987.50 Linen Dresses, now 3.985.00 Linen Dresses, now 2.98Ail Other Ready-to-Wcar Garments Reduced in- . - Price - - -699 EiFRANK Sc CParis.Kentuckyiiiiiifiiuiiiiiiiiiii iTmiiiiTMj:;iiiiimmiiiJJiinunmmiiiiim iiniiiiiiiiiiiiJjxuLiJLtiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiitLiirti'iLniMtiiiw,itfcii4tJmmmmMMmwmwmmmmmmm3Ii1J;46ICTi ,t t-,.J. . - , - ' - rv:.'; c rr '- ;-' ,' .-,.;'' . - -THE BOURBON' NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, "AUGUST 23 t912.Iefficiency depends uponyour condition.Scott's Emahion builds,strengthens and sustainsrobUSt health. All Druggists.Scott & Bowse. Bloomficld. N. JNotice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator. --PlaintiffVs. Notice.His Heira. - - - DefendantsdAll person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to Dresentthesame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky. 1 K' A1I claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.mBARBERHOModern Equipment.4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.fEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDWanted.s To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilege student preferred,' in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you" want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALLEN S. MOODY,224 Saks B'Pd'g. Indianapolis, Ind.Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. I"will let you know what they are"worth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are as-good as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374AUTO FOR HIRE-Special attention given toparties desiring to hire auto-"mobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.livery, Feed and Safes Stable.'Eighth Street Both Phones.Hot and ColdB AT M S'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Kv.,as mail matter of the second classjADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on enndidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,k of Indiana.For Congress, tw'3HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.Plundering Trust.In the light of the President's veto ofthe wool bill, which veto gives thewoolen trust a continuance of its privilege to plunder the consumer while atthe same time paying its workers starvation wages, a page from the hearings in connection with the Lawrencestrike inquiry makes interesting reading. The witness is Miss Sanger, atrained nurse. The testimony is as follows; Mr. Pou : Miss Sanger, were you instrumental in taking a number of thestrikers' children away from Lawrenceduring the strike?Miss Sanger: Yes, sir.Mr. Pou: Did you talk with thosechildren about their manner of Jiving?Miss Sanger: Yes, sir. I fouud.thatthe children there were 119 of themin my nartv seldom ate meat, andtheir physical condition was the mosthorrible I have ever seen. In the f?rstplace four of the smallest children hadchicken pox, and they had not received any medical- attention. They werewalking about among the other children apparently without noticing thechicken pox or the diphtheria one childhad diphtheria. Of 119 children onlyfour of them had underwear, and itwas bitterly cold. We had to run allthe way from the station to LaborTemple after we got to New York tokeep from freezing.Mr. Foster: You say only lour hadunderclothing; what was the conditionof their outer clothing?Miss Sanger: It was simply in rags.Their coats were worn to shreds.Mr. Foster: Were the children paleand thin?Miss Sanger: Yes, sir; and I want tosay that when they had supper itwould have brought tears to your eyesto see them grab the meat with theirbare hands.Mr. Fobter: Did any of them haveon woolen clothing of any sort?Miss Sanger: No, sir.Mr. Foster: And yetthey all workedin wcoltn mills?Miss Sanger: Yes, sir.In his veto message Mr. Taft hasmuch to say about the "woolen industry" and "foreign laboi'." He makesno mention of these poor victims of thewoolen trust's greed.He Won't Limp Now.No more limning for Tom Moore.J of Cochran. Ga., "I had a bad soreon my instep that nothing seemed tohdp till I used JUucklen's ArnicaSaive," he writes, "but this wonderful healer scon cured me." Heals oldrunnimr sores, ulcers, boils burns,cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. Try it.Only 25c at Oberriofer's.Professional CardsOnly Expert Teacher.Only the man who can excite the interest and curiosity of his pupil can becalled an expert teacher.To Kentucky Democrats:Ifbeginsfto look like'there is a realchance to elect Hon. Ben V. Smith toCongress from the Eleventh district.The Progressives have put up a strongcandidate in the'person of a popularengineer of the Louisville & Nashvillerailroad, who will necessarily dividethe Repubilcan vote with Congressman Caleb Powers who seems to havelost out with all factions because ofhis failure to please either and his inability to land'any of theorizes for hisconstituents in the shape cf ofrfces.The people"of his district have cometo the conclusion that he is absolutelywithout infience in Washington and asa KentuckyfLegislator once said of arother "his people had just as wellwrite a letter and keep him at home."At the last election Mr. Powers did notpoll near the strength of his party,and this time he will fall short of hisformer vote. The Republicans nolonger regard'Mr. Powers as an assetbut a liability, and think he has been"vindicated", sucfficiently.Conditions at present point to theelection of Mr. Smith. He is popularwith the ReDublicans and will drawmanv votes fromtheconservative element of that party. The Democratsof that neck o' the woods arejshort ofmonev, however, to conduct the campaign, which, in a district composedof so many counties and requires muchmoney for necessarv expenses. In order to raise a fund Colonel WoodsonMay, State District Committeman.editor of the Somerset Journal, andmanager for Mr. Smith, announcedthat he will attempt to raise moneyfor the camraign in his district bypopular subscription o' one dollar andasks that all who want the Democratsto succeed in that stronghold of Republicans will send him that amounteach. The effort is comendable andthe contribution will prove an excellent investment. It's hoped that allwho read this article and who feel ableto'do so, will send Mr. May a checkfor a least a dollar and help'the struggling Democrats of the Eleventh District to redeem it.A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When the stomach fails xo perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets is all you need. Thevwill strengthen your digestion, invigorate youi liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely doing away withthat miserable feeling due to faulty digestion. Try it. Many others havebeen" permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.Band for Pigeons.To place a band on a pigeon, holdthe hind claw back and press thefront claws through the ring; drawthe ring cloee up to the knee joint,and then, when on a level with theextremity of the hind claw, gentlypull the hind claw through the ring,and the ring will be in position andwill not, unless it has been placedon at too early a date, fall.Open Democratic Headquarters.Democratic headquarters were formally opened in Louisville Mondaywith J. N. Camden. Chairman, andJudge S.'W. Hafger. Vice Chairman,in the chair. It was Mr. Camden'spurpose to announce the names of themen composing the State CampaignCommittee, but as two or three" districts had not made recommendaionshe decided not to announce the ommitteemen for a day or two.The Hon. H. A. Summers, Elizabethtown. Kv. ; the Hon. Robert Harding,Danville, Kv. were selected commitemen from the State at Large, whilethe following district committeemenwere chosen.First District Judge Bunk Gardner.Mayfield, Ky., Seond District Wd. Young. Madisonville, Ky.Third District Gerald Finn, Franklin, Ky.Fourth District W W. Spaldng.Lebanon, Ky.Filth District Scott Bullitt, Louisville. Ky.SixthJDistrict Orie Ware, Covington, Ky.Seventh District Ambrose Dudlev,Pleasureville, Kv.Eighth District S. M. Saufley, Stanford, Ky.Ninth District J. N. Kehoe, Maysville. Ky.Tenth District James H. Spradling,Prestoisburg, Ky.Eleventh District Woodson May,Somerset, Ky.J J. WIIitiTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Xoom 1 Elks Buildinc.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones fome13ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. B KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gPris, - - - - Kentucky"I was cured of diarrhoea by onedose of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. E.Gebhardt, Oriole, Pa. For sale by alldealers.0'Rear Can't Stand For Taft.Judge'E. C. O'Rear, of Frankfort,will not support Presidet Taft on thestump in Kentucky this fall. TheJudge has said that he could neitherdefer.d the Taft administration or themethod by which he secured his nomination. He further stated that hewould make some sneeches for hisfriend, Judge"A. J. Kirk, Repbulicancandidate for'Appellate Judge in thatdistrict, but further than that wasoutof politics and would devote hi3tiime in thefuture solely to the practice of law."Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed forholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, asfar as reported. Orncera of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Shelbvville August 27, four days.Hodgenville August 2, four davs.London August 27, three days.Nicholasville August 27, three davs.Fulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28, four days.Dover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Elizabetht)wn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsville Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.BardBtown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3, fcur days".Louisville State Fair Sant. 9 sixdavs.Melbourne September 17, five day3Horse Cave Septemberdavp- ;18, fourCURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYCRAZY EUROPEAN RULERS.By A. W. MACY.During v the time Napoleonwas turning Europe topsy-turvywith his splendid military genius more than half the Europeanthrones were occupied by eitherlunatics or half-witted ( persons.Emperor Paul of Russia had afeeble intellect, a scanty education and an absurd and wellnigh Insane self-conceit. Christian VII. of Denmark was so feeble and morbid that he was incapable of ruling. Queen Marieof Portugal was hopelessly insane, and had to be kept underrestraint. Charles IV. of Spainwas a weak ruler, hardly ashade more than half-witted. Hisbrother, Ferdinand of Naples,was a little better, but not much.And George III. of England, intellectually sluggish and obstinate by nature, was destined topass the last ten years of hislife in hopeless insanity. Napoleon's career probably wouldhave been shorter and less brilliant had the European thronesbeen occupied by vigorous mon-archs.(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Shocking Soundsin the earth are sometimes heard before a terrible earthquake, that warnof thecomfng peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needattention. If you would escape thosedangerous maladies, Dronsy, Diabetesor Bright's disease take Electric Bitters at once and see backache fly andall your best feelings return. "Myson received great benefit from theiruse for kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Bondy, South Kockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kidney medicine."., Try ii. 50 cents atOberdrfer's.French Revenue From Gambling.From the state tax on games ofchance, including the tax on the totalizator, the machine which registersrace track bets, the French government receives about $1,500,000 ayear.Blamed a Good Worker."I blamed my heart for severe distress in my left side for two years,"writes W. Evans, Danville, Va., "butnow I know it was indigeston as Dr.King's New Life Pills completely cured me." Best for stomach, liver andkidney troubles, constipation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oberdorfer's.Commissioner's Sale-OF-FARM!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Robt. H. Wilson and Isaac Wilson,PlaintiffsVs. - - Notice of Sale.Sallie C. Corbin, Etc.,DefendantsUnder and by virtue ot a judgmentof the Bourbon Cicuit Court, renderedin the above styled action, at theJune, 1912, term, the undersignedSpecial Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court, will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe court house door, in the City ofParis, Ky., about the hour of 11o'clock a. m., onMonday, September 2, 1912,the following described rjroperty :That certain tract of land in Boui-bon County, Kentucky, on the KarpandInnis turnpike, about seven milesfrom the City of Paris, containingabout 118 acres, known as the Corbinfarm. About thnt acres thereof being on the northeast side of said turnpike and the remainder on the oppositeside thereof. Said land is adjoiningthe Steele heirs on the north andSteele heirs and John J. Piper and G.A. Smedley on the east side ; John J.Piper on the south. "and John J. Piperand Mrs. Agnes Jacoby on the westside, and being the same tract of landconveved by Tqzwell farr and T. K.andB. B. Marsn, in trust for RachelCorbin and her children, by deed ofecord in the office of thy Clerk ofBourbonJCounty Court in Deed Boob44, Page 253.Said sale being made to satisfy ajudgment of Robt. H. Wilson againstihe defendants, Sallie C. Corbin andMattie Corbin, for the sum of $4,000,with 6 ner cent interest reon fromthe 19th day of Marc 19,10, untilpaid, and for the further djynent ofIsaac M. Wilson against 6,'$aid defendants for the sum o . $2,000.00,with 6 Der cent, interest from the19th day of March, 1910, until paid.andthe additional sura of $177.10 courtcosts.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six, twelve and eighteenmonths for equal parts of purchasemoney, the purchaser being "requiredto execute bond for equal installmentsof the purchase price, with good security, to be apDroved by said Master Commssioner, payable to saidCommissioner, and bearing interest atthe rate of 6 per cent. Der annum fromdate ot sale until paid, and to remaina lien upon said property until fullypaid, and tojip.ve the force and effectof a judgment.c. a. McMillan,Master Commissioner of Bourbon Circuit Court. -t-..;j 13 mi i a .i. " ' - 'iyEGnezTxr?? asss -Makes a great difference in most women. Tzivy are troubled with "nerves"they suSFer from backache, headache, slecpIegcaeM, a sensation of irritability ortwitching, hot flashes, dizzy spells, or msny other symptoms ot female -vveaknecs.The local disorder and inflammation should be treated vith Dr. Pierce's LotionTnhlstq and the irregularity and weakness of the female system corrected anjstrengthened with Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. The strafvoman or the woman of middle ce .pon tlie nerve and blood toThe strain upon the younwoman or tne wooian oi xuiuuie -oS uj j -. - --" "'"x" imi.u6auun.ui.jmiv be too great for hsr strength. TL! ij vhe iii c to tai.e this restorative toniaend strength-giving nervine and regulator. For over f,rCy years sold by druggistsfor woman's peculiar weaiaiesses and distressing aliments. The cr.c remedy so perfectin composition and r.o good in curative enects as to warrantits makers in printing Its every ingredient on its outsidewrapper. The 'orfc remedy which absolutely contains neitherclcohol nor injurious or habit-forming drugs.Following letter selected at random from a large numbercf similar ones and cited merely to illustrate these remarks :"In the vn'nt.'" of 1SC8, 1 became .ircatly run down and irregular."v-r:te3 Mrs. Henziy Scott, of Swan Creek, Mich., Route 1. Box 49. Ic'ovly but surely fjrew worse, snd, at last, resolved to apply to the doctons for help. The doctor said I had inflammation, enlargement and laceration. I was in bed eleven weeks and got no better. The doctor said Xwould have to have an operation, bat to that I would not listen. My hueband purchased two bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. When1 started to take this remedy I could not walk across the floor, but afterI had taken three bottles I could feel myself gaining, so I dropped thedoctor and took Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Only for it I think:I would have been dead I really believe it saved my life. I feel betterMBS. SCOTT. now than in twenty years.CORTRKJHTMETALSHINGLES,MWMLWmflflM7lJ Uvyir Used in ever increasingquantities, because the roofsput on 26 years ago are asi , , M.crood as new fn-Hav. and ha-u S)-. - mm. j j .. .. T -Wnever needed repairs.Don't put on that roof.:i i TLWuiilii. yuu sec txiciii. vrivj6for Sale by Miller & Best Millersburg, Ky.cuaw;TWIN BROS.,Clothing Department$ - i I 44- LmiX vAll the Latest Ideas inSPRINGCLOWENow On DisplayLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.SiDQ'XSasxJijScWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodsonk DentonPARIS, KY.s&ssSmSmszmzsCumberland Celepbone'iand elegrapl)ompuyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland JBourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Littlef RockRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service.' JandCumberland Telephone and TelegraphvyuiFulV ,. A y? , ;AItNCORPORkTEDjji JWvjg.t.tsm. " '?t -, r ri "itrv4- sf - K ." ,,-M. F. Kenney; Auct.4 i , $M-A r?1iji"4'THE BOURBON NEWS', PARfS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 23; .1912:)tIVrBlood Was WrongAll women, who suffer from the aches and pains, dueto female ailments, are urged to try Cardui, ihe reliable,scientific, tonic remedy, for women. Cardui acts promptly,yet gently, and without bad effects, on the womanly system,relieving pain, building up strength, regulating the system,and toning up the nerves. During the past half century,thousands of ladies have written to tell of the quick curativeresults they obtained, from the use of this well-known medicine.CURIOUS BITSOF HIDR.FRANKLlWS'SARCASM.POLITE1TThefiomsnsMrs. Jane Callehan suffered from womanly trouble fortipnrlr ten vpars Tri a Ipffpr frnm Wliifoirilla M C ,-Un.H Savs: "I Was not able tO do mv own ImncPwnrlr Mirstomach was weak, and my blood was wrong. I had backache, and was very weak. I tried several doctors, but theydid me no good. I used Cardui for 3 or 4 months, and nowI am in the best health I have ever been. I can never praiseCardui enough." It is the best tonic, for women.Whether seriously sick, or simply weak, try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooea. Terra..for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 535c N, TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59:P. M.Treiixis -A-rrrveNo. FROM-34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pm38 Knoxville. Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Kv., Daily 5.25 pm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 nm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pm31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains IDe-psirtTOCincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 amMaj'sville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday o.3o amLexington, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 7.47 amCincinnati, O. , Daily' Except Sunday 8.20 airMavsville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 8.20 amLexington, Ky., Daily -9-57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9-o5 amJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily " 10.27 amMavsville, K., Daily 12.0o pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.rf4 pm3S Cincinnati, O., Daily .40 Pm9 Rowland, Kv., Daily Except Sunday o.o2 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday o.oi pmCincinnati, O., Daily 6.1u pmMaysville, Kv., Dailv Except Sunday 6.1o pmCvnthiana, Ky., Daily Exceot Sunday 6.2o pmLexington, K., Daily l-o PmAtlanta, Ga., Daily 10.o7 pNo.344294010137373313362625Dr.By A. W. MACY.Benjamin Franklin wasnoted for his politeness, thoughhe not Infrequently tinged itwith sarcasm. In 1774 he wasdismissed by the British government from the office of surveyor general of the postofficein America, no reason being assigned except that his majestythe king had no further need forhis services. Two years laterthe Continental congress appointed him postmaster generalof all North America; whereupon he could not resist thetemptation to write the Englishminister that the British government need not worry anymore about postal affairs inAmerica as they had againbeen placed in competent hands.Some months after the openingof the war he summed up thesituation thus in a letter to afriend in England: "The English have made a campaignhere, which cost two million;they have gained a mile ofground, and lost half of it backagain. They have lost 1,500men and killed 150 Yankees.Meantime we have had between50,000 and 70,000 children born.How long will it take to conquer America?"-!WILSON'S SPEECHOil ISrT Ti! 2" 8 f 5 Pfc ft 1 iliTRAFFIC IS TIED UPBY ROOSTER AND BOYerPress and Public Men Join In 'Naughty LadiS0b8ys His Moth-Ghoros of Approval.DISCREET, ABLE, SAFE, SANand Gets Into ManyKinds of .Trouble.'EP!THIRD RA(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)$100 Reward $100.39328303113!F c? O- vJS?lL'SkLl'IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3-40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.o0 tm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmTrains IDe;pa,rt.cr,. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am j Reis, exhibiting his work in 1876, and7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am put the discovery at the service of1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am everybody.3 Frankfort, Ky DailylExcept Sunday 5-5Z am j"Will Impress the Country Favorably,"Declares William Jennings" Bryan."Admirable Pronouncement," SaysChamp Clark "Appeals Strongly toEvery Legitimate Business Interest,"Declares John W. Kern.An Admirable Speech.Hon. William ,T. Bryan. "GovernorWilson's speech of acceptance is admirable. It is original in its treatmentof the issues of the campaign. I amsure the address will impress the country favorably."Appeals Strongly to Every LegitimateBusiness Interest.John W. Kern, Senator From Indiana. "Governor Wilson's speech of acceptance is a masterpiece, setting forthwith, great clearness his conception ofthe work to be accomplished by the; Democratic party under his leadership.It is in complete harmony with theprogressive sentiment of the country,but also appeals strongly to every le-"gitimate business interest.'Will Take High Rank.Champ Clark, Speaker of the Houseof Representatives. "Considered froma literary standnoint. Governor Wil-The reoders of this paper will be sons speech of acceptance will takepleased to learn that there is at least hi h rank in the political outpuf ofone dreaded disease that science has ,. . , , . ,,been able to cure in all its stages, and ."" , n f111 mjJke Pleasant readingthat is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cure and therefore will prove a fetchingis the only positive cure now known to campaign document. He discusses thethe medical fraternitv. Catarrh be-, issues of the day philosophically, clear-tonehimfriends. It is an admirable pronouncement" Battle Hymn of Democracy.Senator Gore of Oklahoma. "Theclosing sentence of his speech will become the battle hymn of Democracyin the pending campaign: 'I thank Godand take courajre.' It is at once aI paean of praise and is a summons ofpatriotic duty."Discreet, Able, Safe and Sane.John E. Lamb, ex-RepresentativeFrom Indiana. "Speech is discreet,able, safe and sane. Governor Wilsonbelieves in the efficacy of the scalpelrather than the big stick. His dissection of trust and tariff evils is uniqueand convincing. His suggestions of reform in methods of government andreduction of tariff schedules will meetwith approval of legitimate businessand the laboring masses as well."t Said Afterward That He Thought He"Blew Up," and That His Back andLegs Felt Like Something WasGoing Through Them.ing a constitutional disease, requires a ly and forcibly. Its courteousconstitutional treatment. Hall's Ca- will allay opposition and wintarrh (Jure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon the blood and mucoussurfaces of the system, thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. TheDroprietors have so much faith in itscurative powers that they offer OneHundred Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list of testimonials. Address F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio.Soid bv all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.No Chance for Him."There!" said the ambitious youngman when he had finished his greatepic, "that's done. Now all that isnecessary is to find a publisher andcause the public to become interestedin me. Confound it! I have nofriend whose wife would be willingto cause a commotion by eloping withme."New York. A very persistent devilwhispered into the ear of nine-year-oldCharles Moffit as he lett his homeat No. 85 Catherine street to play Inthe street the other afternoon."Remember," his mother had said,"the devil gets boys who are bad.You mustn't go out of the neighborhood and you musn't get papers torthe newsman."For Charles's principal income andcandy fund came from the money thenewsdealer on the corner gave himfor trips to a news company.Though Charles had promised neither to leave the street nor go for papers, the devil suggested that the daywas Saturday and that the boywouldn't be paid for his week's workunless he finished it, and that it wouldbe too bad to lose a whole week's payjust because of failure to work oneday.Charles, tempted, fell. He trottedquickly to a news depot in Chambersstreet and started to go home. Butthat devil whispered again. It wouldbe nice to go out on Brooklyn bridgeand see how the motormen ran theirtrains to Coney Island. Again Charlesfell. He got by the policemen on thenorthern vehicle roadway of thebridge, and with his package of "59cents' worth of papers" stood close tothe Manhattan bound track of the "L"trains.A train went by. The devil joggedCharles's arm and the package fell tothe tracks a few feet below. Thesmall transgressor decided he wouldhave to rescue the papers or hewouldn't get his pay."I hung on wid me hands," saidCharles afterward, "and then I putReligious Work in United States.Actively engaged in the work ofsaving souls in the United States are146 distinct denominations. This doesnot include the followers of Confucius.Buddha, Mohammed, Shintoism andother sects in the field long beforeChristianity got a foothold in this iworld.Inventor of the Telephone.In 1861 Philip Reis showed the principle of the telephone, and was able totransmit musical sounds and evenwords. Alexander Graham Bell perfected the inadequate apparatus ofrf -iGOD'S HERBS & ROOT!C5P33Tijiseases,, ofJCTv"FT-i i?t1s&t',zwft !& r3fe.Sfcf h -le It iX.OVlzanikMiV-)S"l;a-.?'L..,'sitM'yvaswr'r-r33,'vCHARLIE WHITEMOGN, theCow BoyHerbalist3729-31 W. Broadway, Louisville, Ky.Deep "down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & HerblToo long have the secrets of nature been neglected, too long have people disregarded God's promises. Modern doctors think only of "operations" & strong drugs, while human suffering & deaths from disease increase rapidly every year. Health is natural, disease unnatural. My years of experience as a Cow-boy!& among the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines,my remedies have cured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble, Kidney, Bladder, Liver, Female & Skindiseases, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by thebest doctors. I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest book of itstind ever published, entitled "THE COW-BOY HERBALIST," absolutely free. If you are not enjoying ALLthe blessings of perfect health, your duty demands that you INVESTIGATE MY CLAIMS. 'All letters ofinquiry promptly answered. ,COM-CEL-SAR is the name of my great TONIC, BODY-BUILDER, com'pose'd of i6 Roots '& Herbs,makes 3 full quarts of medicine, lasts about 3 months, costs only one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTEEDto satisfy THE PURCHASER or money refunded. COM-CEL-SAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEALERS IN MEDICINE for the nerves, stomach, liver, kidneys, bowels, bladder & bloo'd. 'A household remedymost excellent. Ask for COM-CEL-SAR; if your druggist hasn't got it or won't get it, I WILL FILL YOURORDERS POSTAGE PAID. . .CHARLIE WHITE-MOON'S SCIENCE SOPEis made of PURE VEGETABLE 'OILS FOR HUMANi'SKIN ONLY, guaranteed to satisfy or money refunded, 10c or 3 bars 25c at all dealers, Retail, who are supplied t-hru all wholesale dealers.I-H-I"HH"M"I' H -I 'MM"M"I-M"M"I'KtVlbt IAKII-1- UNHMIIftl-INGLY DOWNWARD.Fowl Hides Under a Street Canand the Boy Crawls. After It.Atlanta, Ga. A negro boy and adominecker rooster stopped all traffic on Peachtree street just north ofthe Piedmont hotel early the otherafternoon. A line of street cars half ablock long were blocked, while behind them were five or ten autos andperhaps that many wagons and other vehicles.When an in-bound Walker street carlstopped at the entrance of the Pied-Points the Way For Justice.Hoke Smith, Senator From Georgia."I am delighted with Governor Wilson's speech of acceptance. It is asuperb statement of the present purpose of the Democracy and points theway for justice to all through realprogress by law under the constitution.With his election assured, it shouldgive confidence to honest business andnew courage to those who need asquare deal."Lays His Soul Bare.John F. Fitzgerald, Mayor of Boston."Governor Wilson's acceptance ischaracteristic of the man. He lays hissoul bare to the people and asks themto join with him, irrespective of party,in righting present wrongs without undue clamor or injury to legitimate interests. He lays emphasis on constructive thinking, and I believe thisepitomizes one of the nation's greatest needs at the present time. It willbe President Wilson overwhelminglyin November."Progressive, but Not Wild.Thomas Mott Osborne. Auburn, N. Y."Governor Wilson's -speeoh fits theoccasion and the man progressive, butnot wild; sane, strong and unmistakably Democratic. It makes an inspiring opening of the campaign, indicating clearly and nobly the spirit inwhich the leaders of our regeneratedDemocratic party must work; not oneof mere 'partisan make be'lieve,' butof honesty and justice toward allmen."Prophetic of Success.Governor William H. Mann of Virginia. "I think it was an admirablespeech. It was wise, conservative,comprehensive, prophetic not only ofDemocratic success, but of Democraticsupremacy for years to come."Rings True In Every Sentence.Governor Frederick W. Plaisted ofMaine. "It is a splendid presentationof the issues for the American people.It rings true in every sentence and inevery word. It represents the spiritof the Democracy of today. It is theaddress of a statesman.";An Admirable Presentation.Governor Eugene Foss, Massachusetts. "It was an admirable presenta-i II L&l , ftHe Tried to Pull the Boy Out.mont hotel to take on passengers, thdominecker rooster escaped the grasptof the negro boy who was standing id--lyon the sidewalk. The frightenedchicken made, a bee-line for the carfand sought refuge from the crowd and!traffic of the street in the trucks offthe car.When the passengers were aliiaboard the conductor gave the go--aheadsignal, but a bystander calleUto the motorman that there was a boy1under the car. In the meantime sev-feral other street cars had come up be-fhind the Walker street car, and behind these was a line of impatientlytooting automobiles.The motorman got down and tried"to pull the boy out, but the negroevaded him and declared he would notget out until he got the chicken. Theconductor came to his help, then someof the passengers, and, finally, a po-j liceman. Finally the chicken wasj pinned down with the switch rod carried by the motorman and the con1 ductor crawled in and secured it. ,RATTLESNAKE ATTACKS CHILDCalifornia Wcman Seeing Peril of Little Son, Goes to Rescue, CapturingReptile.There should be an immediateT revision of the tariff, and It? should be downward, unhesitatX ingly and steadily downward.4 From Woodrow Wilson's SpeechX Accepting the Democratic Nomljr nation.'I-!-l"I-Ml.MIH"H-I"H"I"I"l"II'l"I"H'His Foot Came in Contact with theThird Rail.down me foot. I touched a thing downthere. When I let go I blew up."If Charles didn't blow up, he certainly did go up. His foot came mcontact with the third rail and sparksflew from his school shoes, of whichhis mother had told him to be careful. "Me back and me legs felt likesomething was going t'rough 'em,"says Charles. He went into the air,shrieking with pain. But he only rosetwo feet; then he came down sittingbetween the rails. A moment after-ward he was standing up in the cen-j ter of the track, rubbing himself,j while a crowd of homeward boundI Brooklynites was standing on the; promenade shouting advice. Two prac-j tical men shoved forward anaj stretched their hands down toCharles. First he passed up his bundleof papers, then he consented to belifted out.i Patrolman Schnitzler of the bridgesquad came up and took the meandevil's victim to the police room atthe Manhattan tower. Dr. Orr arrivedin an ambulance from the Hudsonstreet hospital and the boy wasstripped. Not one burn was on him.Dr. Orr and the police thought it wasamazing that Charles had not beenkilled outright. They told "the boy hecould go home.Charles delivered the papers intactto the newsman at Catherine andSouth streets and asked for his 15cents. He had resolved to end forthwith all connection with the devil. Hewas told he would be paid later. Thenhe slipped into his home.He said nothing, but eventually thenews penetrated the circle of hisbrothers, thence reached eleven-year-oldMary, his sister, and then, ofcourse, got to his mother. 'Long Beach, Cal. Confronted withthe fact that her son was in imminentdanger Mrs. J. E. Bolin of Crescentavenue proved herself a brave woman,the other day, when she captured alive rattlesnake, which was coiledready to strike the child. The littleifellow was walking Serosa the yardjand almost stepped upon the reptile.The snake was almost under the lad'sfeet, when he heard its rattle and he'jumped back with a yell that broughthis mother on the run. The snake wasicoiled ready to strike when Mrs. Bchlin, with a long stick, attacked theI "J 1'With a Stick She Attacked the Rtptlfe' reptile and pinioned its head to theground. Then calling to her son hel brought a glass jar into which Mrs.Bolin forced the rattlesnake and thenscrawed the top upon the jar.Later she took the imprisoned snaketo the Daisy avenue school, but its ac-I ceptance was refused because of itsdangerous nature.iATAv.':J&''"v- V l-1 '& tA1:-r:J?,?8" s't -.isTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 23, 1912KKKKKKtUKKBKK&ttKKKBitKtKKKKtUKKKKKKttKKlUttKttttK'jWa66 ANNUALBOURBONCOUNTYPARISSeptp3 41912.KY,5, 6, 7, JBest Horse Show ofat.Them All...Liberal Premiums For AH Classesof Live Stock.Frflfi Entrannfi tn All ClassesMICHAEL'S CONCERT BAND!i MISS HAMMANN, SoloistEvery Day Has Special Features, IncludingPony Show,Saddle andShorthornRoadsterTuesday Big Colt Stake,Cattle, Harness,Horses' Sheep.Wednesday Shorthorn and Beef Cattle, Harnessv and Saddle Horses, Baby Show, Mare andColt, Pony Rings, Berkshire, Poland Chinaand Durock Hogs.Thursday $100 Harness Stake; Jersey Cattle, Jacksand Jennets, Saddle and Harness Rings.Srriday $250 given in Mule Premiums, including $100Suckling Mule Show; Heavy HarnessHorses, Harness Mares, Harness Geldings,Pony Rings, Boy Rider, Walking Horse;S100 Saddle Special; Lady Driver, FancyTurnout, Combined Horses, Etc.Saturday Six Roadster Classes, including $100Sweepstakes; Combined Rings, Saddle andDraft Horses, Trotting Bred Colt, BabyShow, Rockaway and Model Horses, HeavyHarness Horses, Gentlemen Riders.X9Biggest Poultry and Pigeon Showof Any County Fair.Day and Night Attractions! 2Reduced Rates On All Railroads. LiWrite For Catalogue.J. M. Hall, Pres. C. A. Webber, Sect."The Only Son.""The Only Son'" regarded by manyasthe greatest play written by Winchell Smith, who also wrote the "Fortune Hunter," and other big successes, is booked to open the Cincinnati Grand on Sunday night. Sept. 1.Thomas Ross will be seen inthe leaning role, supported by a specially selected company. The playhas enjoyedlong runs in New, York and Chicago,and Manager John H. Havlin is congratulating himself on having securedit to7oDen the season at the Grand.The theatre itself is undergoing itsannual housecleaning, and will be mfine shape when the first curtain goesup on Sept. 1. "The Only Son" wasproduced by Cohan & Harris, and theyhave given it a very elaborate production. Mr. Ross is probably best knownfor his fine work in "Checkers, inwhich he appeared in Cincinnati a fewEeasons ago.Paris Takes a Double Header. ,The Bouibonites journeyed to Frankfort yesterday and was successful indowning the league leaders in thedouble bill that was staged yesterdayafternoon. The first game resultedin a shut-out, Paris winning by a scoreof 4 to 0, while the second was 2 to 1i n favor of the JBourbonites.The locals will return to Paris'todayand will meet the Colts for the lasttime this season on the local, grounds,Saturday and Sunday the Orphans willbe the attraction! here.TUESDAY,Frankfort made its last appearanceon the local grounds this season Tuesday afternoon and walloped the localsba a score of 6 to 1. Jiauser was onthe mound for the locals but couldnot hold the league leaders. Thiswas due to the excessive work whichhe has been called upon to perform,and when it became apparent that thegame was lo'st, he made only a slighteffort. Cramer for the visitors was athis best and kept his hits well scattered throughout the contest. The features of the game was the batting ofGust and the fielding of Harrell.- WEDNESDAY.Wet grounds prevented the gamebetween the Lawmakers and ParisWednesday afternoon at Frankfort.Notice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respect.yullyrequested to call and do so at once,Respectfullv,6-tf MISS JESSIE BROWN.City Council Orders More Pavements. At the" regular meeting of the CityCouncil last night the question of reconsructing several pavements in thecity and laying concrete was discussed,resultng in other pavements being ordered put down. It was ordered alsothat the city ."advertise for bids tfor theconstruction of pavements along thelines of those'whn had so far refusedto comply with the ordinance passedat a recent meeting.The follownig building nerrr.it3 weregranted.Martin Bros,, stable on E ghthstreet.uan iviananey,- r itne residenceWinchester streec. SI. 400.Harry Baldwin, residence on Higgins avenue, SI, 800.Timothy Shannon, frame residenceon Nineteenth street, $1,400.A petition bearing the signatures ofa number oi residents on Virginia avenue in Bourbon Heights, asking thatelectric lights be placed along thatthoroughfare, was presented and thematter was referred to the lightingcommittee to report at the next meetingof the Council.James Hughes, colored, made application for a license to conduct a restaurant for colored people on Mainstreet and the matter was referred tothe police committee to investigate.Ratcliff & Reed were granted a iicense to conduct a saloon in the Alexander property at the Louisville &Nashville depot.Bosley Elected Principal.Prof. John L. Bosley, of Winchester,formerlyJoffParis. has been elected bythe Clark County Board of Educationas principal of the school to be conducted for connty graduates. Prof.Bosley was formerly postmaster ofParis and since moving tc Winchesterhas filled the position ot principal ofthe Winchester High School and Kentucky Wesleyan Academy.Private School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwill open Monday, September 9th.Classification of new pupils on September 3rd and 4th. Number limited.2 0-6tTrains Discontinued.After Sunday, August 18, F. and JC.Sunday trains. No. 161 and 162 will bediscontinued. No Suuday service onF. and C. after August 18.W. H. HARRIS.Farm Sold at Auction.The farm of Mr. Walker Muir, situated about four miles from Paris onthe Clintonville pike was sold at public auction yesterday to Mr. Lee Stephenson, ot Clintonville. The farm,which contains 231 acres was sold as awhole for S110 per acre or the sum ofS23.331. Col. Geo. D. Speakes. of thereal estate firm of Harris & JSpeakes,conducted the sale.Fresh Oysters Season's First.Fresh oysters, first of the season,served in any style.JAMES E. CRAVEN.Sweet Clover Seed.For Fall sowing, new crop now ready.Best legume fertilizer, good pastureand hay. Price and circular how toraise it, free, on request.-JOHN A. SHEEHAN,Falmouth. Ky.Buggy House Destroyed by Fire.Fire of unknown origin destroyedthe buggy house on the farm of Mr.L. D. Redmon, on the Bethlehem pikenear this city at an early hour yesterday morning. Mr. R. F. Collier occupies the Dlace and conducts a dairy.I In the buggy house there were fivevehicles which together with severalsets of harness and other, articleswere consumed. An ice-house adjoining was also burned and for a shorttime the residence was threatened bythe flames. The loss is estimated at500.Fire, wind and liehtnine insur-! ancc. Thomas & Woodford.43autoloadingakRm$IMmm& RIFLEIbis Remington Cub can look through (hebarrel aod see (hat it is clean.Census Taker Presents Affidavit.In the effort to clear up the muddleover the school census which resultedfrom the investigation of the inspectors sent here from the Department ofEducation at Frankfort, which it isalleged, in a dispatch from this cityto the Lexington Herald, connectedProf. G. W. Chapman with the affair,the following affidavit signed by Mrs.Lizize Clark, the authorized censustaker, has been presented:"The affiant states that she wasborn and raised in Bourbon county ;that she has been census taker in thecity of Paris for about ten years ; thatwhen Prof. Geo. W. Chapman becamesuperintendent, he always void her todo her duty carefully and well, and reminded her that she would have toswear to her report ; that she shouldtake all the children oftschool age entitled to be taken, for we wanted allthat belonged to us, but no more; thatshe should take all that moved into thecity during the month of April, if, theyhad not been taken that year elsewhere that every time Prof. ChaDmanspoke to her about the census he madethe impression that he desired her todo only what was right ;ithat she neverhad at any time presented the censuslist to him, nor had he ever examinedit unless he did so after she turned itinto the Couuty Superintendent'soffice; that she never considered thatJfrof. Chapman had any authority overher in taking the school census, andthat he never tried to exercise any authority j that what he said to her wasmerely advisory; that in all the yearsshe has taken the census she has takenall who moved into the city during themonth of April, unless they had beennrevouslyjasted ; that such hasjbeenher understandng of the law. and thatshe holds the same opinion of the lawtoday."MRS. LIZZIE CLARK""Subscribed and sworn tobefore meby' Mrs. Lizzie Clark, this August 21,1912."FRANKIE SIDNER, ."Notary Pubic, Bourbon County, Ky.i"My commission expires January 12,1914."School Opening.Paris Aademy, E. M. Costello'sSchool, will open Monday, September 2,for classification and organization.Number of pjpils limited.20-2tIcfrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators; every size and of best makes.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.A splendid line of rugs, carpets andwall paper to select from.Call and lock them 0 er. Pricesmost reasonable.J. T. HINTON.feetMatting Rugs.Another lot of 9 feet by 12Reversible Matting "Rugs. 3.45.6 reet by 6 feet, 4o cents.Also 11 feet 8 inches by 9 feet,stenciled on one side. Matting Rugs,52.35.On sale now.12jly-tf. J. T. HINTON.Home Grown Peaches.Phone your order for a basket of ournice home grown peaches they're extra nice.SAUERS' GOCERY,Opp. Court House. Both 'phones 376.Morgan's Men in Reunion.Immense Line oi Wall Paper.Call at my store ana pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it Dut on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do your work.13. T. HINTON.Mr. W. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., says he has usedChamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy in his family for fifteen years' and that he has found it tobe an excellent remedy, and takespleasure in recommending it. For saleby all dealers.Don't fail to attend J. T.Hinton's Big furniture Salenow going on and closingAugust 24th. Prices cut allto pieces.JThe veterans of John H. Morgan'scommand began their annual reunionat Estill Springs Wednesday.The address of welcome was madeby Attorney H"gh Riddell, of Irvine,and responded to by Gen. Basil Duke,of Louisville.When the meeting was called to orner by Gen. Duke there were presentmore than 100 aged survivors oi thisfamous command, together with sdores of other citizens.Gen. Duke made a happy speechthat was well, received. The roll callwas m ade by Secretary Green. R.Keller.In the afternoon Bishop Moore, ofOhio, addressed the association. At3 o'clock the association went to thecourthouse at Irvine, where addresseswere made.Those who were in attendance fromBourbon were: James McDonald, L.J. Fretwell. J. T. Quisenberry, H. G.Hopkins, J. H. Holt, Capt. JamesRogers, Buckner Woodford, RichardTalbott, Gano Hildreth, George Morrow and William Stipp.The reunion closed last night .witha camp fire last night around whichthe veterans gathered to relating war 'time stories. iRounds Out Eightieth Year.Mr. Phil Nippert, Sr., of this city,manager 01 the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co., Wednesday, August 21, celebrated his eightieth birthday aud inspite of his advanced age is exceedingly active, daily attending to theaffairs of his company and displaysan energy seldom seen in one manyyears his senior.Mr. Nippert has been a resident ofParis for 52 years and is perhaps theoldest man in the Slate in point ofservice in the ice business. In 1854 heenteree in the business in this city engaging in tha sale of ice. Later hebecame the proprietor of a confectionary which was run in connectionwith his other business.In recent years he has devoted histime as manager of the Paris Ice Manufacturing Co., and at present is atthe head of the largest plant in Central Kentucky outside the city of Lexington. His many friends are heaping upon him congratulation and bestwishes for many more years of hiscontinued good health and businessactivity.For Today Only.Mr. R. H. Swafh'eld, expert cutterfor the Globe Tailoring Co., of Cincinnati, is at our store to day with afull and select line of piece goods forFall and Winter suits. Call in andhave you r measure-taken.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Damage by Lightning in Cities.Investigations made over Europeseem to justify the belief that the damage by lightning, in the cities particularly, has decreased to a very markeddegree in recent years, and it is explained by the presence of electricwires, which act as a protection in diverting the electric bolts. As thewires are put underground, it is expected that there will be noticed agreat increase in the amount of damage "by lightning .and a return will begenerally made to the use of lightningrods.Bourbon Fair Catalogues.The News has on.hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair catalogues for thesixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheld here Sept. 3-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, andcan be had by calling at this office.All the advantages ofthe big game arm withnone of its discomforts or annoyancesThe recoil does the work of reloading and electinginstead of pounding your shoulder. Five shots justpull and release the trigger. Your action stays openand warns you when it's time to shove in a fresh clip.You can never get in a tight place the gun neverclogs. Each shot strikes a one ton blow.Simple action simple take-down.Send for a motion picture booklet explaining theRemington-UMC Autoloading Rifle's big points.Remington- UMC Metallic Cartridges combine thefiiorhest velocitv with the greatest shooting accuracy.Made in all calibres tor every standard nrearm.k When Remington-UMC cartridges are used,the arm is guaranteed to the full extent of themanufacturer s guarantee.m Remington-UMC tht perfect shooting combinationRemington Arms-Union Metallic Cartridge Co.299 Broadway s New York CityIBIlMPiffBrjSKentucky's Tobacco Crop.Tobacco growers in Kentucky thisyear all can buy automobiles, according to the report made public Tuesdayby the Agricultural Department.Tnis shows that on April 1, 1912,there was a total tobacco acreage of431,200 in Kentucky, or a gain of practically one-fourth, as compared withthe acreage of 1911. Its condition was88 per cent, compared with 69 per centon Julyl ,;i911, and with 83 per cent,the ten-year average. The total acreage in chewing, smoking, snuff andexDort types throughout the UnitedStates is 1,012,300 acres, comparedwith 819,500, final estimate, for 1911,an increase of 192,800 acres, or 23 percent. The largest increase, or 3U percent., is in the Henderson, or stemminsrjdistrict. All districts show anincrease except the perique, Louisiana'and the Maryland and EasternOhio epxort.The total of cigar leaf tohacco is172,140 acres, as against a final estimate of 177,400 in 1911, a decrease of5,000 acres or 3 per cent.Here are 1912 acreages, respectively,of the Kantucky districts in chewing,smoking, snuff and export, comparedwith 1911:Burley district, 228.000, comparedwith 190,000; Paducah, 93.800 to 75,000;IHenderson,:99,200 to 75,000; Upper Green Kiver, 35.700 to 30,000;Clarksville and Hopkinsville, 112.500to 90,000; UpDer Cumberland, 22,300to 18,000.Thejfollowing Gondensed crop reviewby districts is herewith presented, thecompaiisons being withl 911:Burley, larger and better; Paducah,larger and satisfactoy ; Henderson,bumper, excellent condition: UpperGreen, larger and satisfactory ; UpperCumberland, larger and satisfactory ;Clarksville and HopkinsviJle, largerbut lesst prumising than in recentyears.WellKnown Man Victim of Robbery.Joe Candioto, of Lexington, a member of the firm of Candioto Bros.,wholesale fruit dealers, was seized andchoked into helplessness by two unknown'men in his place of business:next door to the opera house in thatcity MondB.y night, and robbed of twodiamond rings, a diamond stud andS190 in money. The diamond are valued at $1,000. Candioto was foundlying helpless on the floor. His assailantshad vanished, ' and it is believed, escaped through the back door.He was not seriously hurt and wassoon revived. Candioto is well-known,in Peris and is quite popular.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.At Georgetown, Monday. H. N.Ranken, of Carlisle, nurchased a carload of colts which ware taken to thatcity. sMr. J. E. McClure, of Montgomerycounty, sold recently to Mr. H. S.Caywood, of Bourbon, a five year-oldgelding by Highland Uay at a privatefigure.The Licking river section of Nicholas county, in places, reports one otthe heaviestrainsof the season withmuch damage from washing. Heavywind has laid much of the corn fiat onthe ground and some hail has fallenwith only little damage to tobacco.Trade was very brisk at the Mt.Sterling court Monday. Fully six.thousand cattle were on the market.Prices were high, a few good feedersbringing 6 1-2 cents but $6 to $6.25were about the average prices. Mr.Ed Clarke, of Bourbon, purchased 32950-pound steers from John Baker atS6.20.Jiicycle supplies. , lowir with W. O HmrnnFun line of bicycle supplies for ail prompt paying non - unionmakes of wheels. Let us fill your . J d -rorder. ' C0mp2niCS. tt9 tf J. ELVOVE. '' Tobacco War Threatened.Letters threatening growers who donot join the tobacco nool are said tohave been received by a number ofLyons county growers and another tobacco war is imminent. A specialgrand jury is now investigating therumors and a number of men who aresaid to have received letters threaienir.g their lives have been summoned.Week Day Excursions to NaturalBridge.Wednesday, August . 28, Specialtrain leaves Paris at 10:00 a. m., returning leaves Natural Bridge at 5:00n. m., 1.50 for the round triD.W. H. HARRIS, Agt.16-4t. J. K. SMITH, T. A.&fe"Were all medicines as meritoriousas Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy the world would bemuch better off and the percentage ofsuffering greatly decreased." writesLindsay Scott, of Temple, Ind. Forsale by all dealers. " " . . "Always ReadyFrom the moment a Studebaker(Flanders) "20" is delivered, you have acar ready to go on the job. It will standup-to its work day in and day out takethe hills and rough places as cheerfully asthe smooth, and the only care it asks islubrication.Studebaker cars are built for honesteveryday service, and will give you servicenot excuses. You can start on thelongest journey in full confidence that youwill finish as strong as you began.Mechanical stability, beauty of design,simplicity of control, low price and lowupkeep cost combine to make the Studebaker "20" an ideal car.The $800 Studebaker (FUnd.rs)"20"Pric, Standard Equipped, 9tM f . e. h. Detroit.Equipped as abova, with Top, WiadekiaW, Praet-O-Lite Tankand Speedometer, fW.'&Ask but dmlmr tmr thn&0 Stndcbmhmr mwt eafaiefaie er nd ra mm fmr if,The Studebaker CorporationDetroit, Michigan-if,; f vr-.1-) 1 r "-, . u?.v9THE BOURBON , NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 23 1912.Vme bourbon news.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNOTSCECity taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.PERSONAL MENTION.titlesHunting Party.S -.Ed. Slatterv, Willis Good-rpiau, iuin Buekner, Dave Johnson,K OW GaitSKill and Cal Haley, composite hunting party that left luesdav3ormng for virdm, Ky., where theyfill hunt for ten days.School Opening.Mrs. Walker's private school willopen on Monday, September 9th.Number of pupils limited.20-6tMics Edith Hancock is visiting relatives in Cleveland, Tenn.Mrs Horace Taylor, of Carlisle, isvisiting relatives in this cityMrs. Camilla Wilson is visiting herson, Mr. Seymore Wilson, in NewYoik.Mrsparents.m CarhsMrs. .Lizziej Walker hfrom Chautauqua, N. Y.,spent the summer.Miss Edna Tomkin, of Cleveland,Tenn., has returned home after a visitto Mrs. H. H. Hancock.Curtis Henry isMr, and Mrs. H.le.visiting herB Burnaw,is returnedwhere sheMaysville, who has been the guest ofthe latter at.her home in this city forthe paEt two weeks.Miss Maria Shannon is visitingher sister, Mrs. John B. Mackey, inCovington.Miss Jessie Crisu is visiting heraunt, Mrs. W. M. Royce, , in Indianapolis, Ind.Mr. Ivan Soper has returned froma vibit to Mr.JameSj C. Clark, Jn Montgomery county.Miss Emilee F-rakes has returnedfrom a visit.to Mrs. Edward JJozier,'in Versailles.Mr. Felix Renick, of Winchester,spent Tuesday with his grand parentsMr. and Mrs. W. H. Renick.Box Candies." Whitman's celehrated box candiesreoeived fresh by express every fewdays. No candy superior to Whitmanu's can be bought23-2t VARDEN & SON.ILadies'cost.12jly-tf.andAt Cost.childrensI W. Ed. Tucker IOxfor s atFELU'S SHOE STORE.Mrs. John Talbott, of Northdletown. is visiting Misses LucyEdna Browninc. in Winchester.Mid-andPresented With Silver Service.The membersof theParis Base Ballteam presented their rightfielder, Mr.B. F. Goodman and his bride, whowere married Mondayrevening, a handsome silvertea service and a completesetof knives, forks and spoons.Flowers, Flowers.Flowers of every description thefinest specimens to be had can befurnished onTshort.notice for funerals,narties, weddings etc. Let me fillyour orders.23-2t JO VARDEN.Ankle Sprained.Mrs. Hattie LaRue Preston, of Covington, who is a guest at the home ofMr. John LaRue, at Shawhan, severely;sprained her ankle a few daysago when she stepped backwards froma porch.Flowers, Flowers.Flowers of every description thefinest specimens to be had can be furnished on Ehort notice for funerals,parties, weddings, etc. Let me fillyour orders.23-2t Ju VARDEN.Messrs. W. W. Mitchell and W.'H.Harris leave this;morning for a fishingtrip to Georgian Bay, Canada.Mr.' Evans Rogers returned to hishome in St. Paul, Minn,, Wednesdayafter a Visit to reltives in this city.Miss Amelia Leer entertained atcards yesterday afternoon at the home j his mother. Mrs. C. A. Daughertv.of her sister, Mrs. B. F. Buckley, T , , ,, .i iui. juu:i jjiuvvuujiu suns, masieraJohn and William iirown, are visitingLOQHPKJhJ JLiAt Christian church or on the streetsi of Paris, Sunday, a topaz breast pin.Suitable reward for return to this1 office. 20-3tMiss Margaret Shea, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. Luther Redmond inMt. Steiling, has returned. home.Mr. Frank Daugherty has returnedtoP hiladeipha after a brief visit tonear this city.Council Ratifies 'Phone Deal.The Winchester City Council Tuesday night granted permission to theSouthern Bell Telephone Company topurchase the plant of the old KentuckyTelphon Company, a local independent concern, and to do an exclusivebusiness in that city.Pickling Vinegar.'Genuine white juckling vinegar, thereal article.It C. P. COOK & Co-Police Court.In police court Judge E. B. Januaryfined the offenders who were beforehim as follows: William Fox, $27.50;Mamie Coleman, disorderly, dismissed;Samuel Nolan, disorderly, dismissed;JohnFox, Beattyville, carrying concealed weapons. 10 days in" jail andS27.50; William Lindsay, disorderly,$7.oo, and Abe Evans, drunk. 7.50.Tobacco Growers.Have you tried gas coke for dryingyour tobacco? The cost is one-halfthat of charcoal and gives better results. Order now, as supply is limited. PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.,Incornorated.Miss Mary Margaret Brannon,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Brannon, is visiting friends in Frankfortand Louisville.Mr. Lloyd Harp, of Falmouth, Ga,who has been spending a month withrelatives in Kentucky, has returnedhome, accompanied by his niece, Mrs.Selilah Stephens.Mr. and Mrs. Hughes Bronston,who have been the guests of Mr.Charlton Clay, are now in Nicholasville, the guests of Mr. and Mrs.Charles Bronston. before returning totheir home in Louisville.Miss Elizabeth Hinton entertainedwith a buffet luncheon Tuesday evening at 9 o'clock. A boating partyhad been planned, but owing to thethreatening weather, it was changedto an indoors affair, which proved tobe very enjoyable, fruits, cakes andgrape juice was served. Those presentwere : Misses Hoover, of Nicholasvlile, and Tevis, of Versailles, AnnEmpry, Marie Talbott Frances andMary Mitchell Clay. Nell Crutcher,Helen Desha and Elizabeth Hinton.Messrs. Lncian Arnsparger, ClarenceBarbee, Hiram Roseberry, Blair VardenHolt Daniel, James McClure, Edward Fithian and Fay Ardery.Miss Alice Rogers Clay, the handsome and attractive daughter of Hon.and Mrs. Sidney G. Clay, entertainedwith an elegant six o'clock dinner ather home on the Maysville pike, nearthis city, Monday evening.Two handsomely anpointed tablesaround which the guests were seatedwere attractive in the delicate blossoms of queen's lace, while pink althain brass baskets formed the centerpieces. In the absence'of Mrs. Clay, who isin niurope, Miss Salhe Daniels acted aschaperone for the merry party. Thedinner, which was faultlessly servedin four courses, comprised iced cantaloupe, chicken, stuffed peppers,creamed potatoes, corn pudding,pickled figs, hot rolls, beaten biscuits.relatives at Thompson, Clark county.Miss Ethel Thomas, of Georgetown. iswthe guest of Mrs. Wra. C. Ferguson, a"t.her home on the Georgetownpike.Mr. Renick Smith has returnedfrom Winchester where he visited relatives. Next week he will visit inthe country.Miss Cornelia Renick, of Winchester, and her cousins, the Misses Fry,of Platsburg, Mo. , are with Mrs. Duncan Bell for a few days.Misse3 Nellie Fithian and FannieIngels have returned from Chicago,where they took a summer course inthe, Chicago University.Mr. Lawrence Hill, night yardclerk in the L. & N. yards, left Tuesday for a trip to Niagara Falls andother points of interestjn the East.Mr. and Mrs. Leer Stout and Mr.and Mrs. J. A. Stern returned Wednesday from a trip to New York, Atlantic City and other Eastern points.Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Mvall, whohave been the guestslof Bourbon relatives'and friends for several weeks,havereturned to their home in Washington, Iowa.Mr. and Mrs. John Berry, of Covington, are guests of Mr. and Mrs.John Blake on Parrish avenue. Mrs.Berry and Mrs. Blake spent Wednesday in Carlisle, the guest of relatives.Mr. Walter Clark returned Tuesday to his home in Warm Springs,Va., after spending a week at theBlue Grass Fair in Lexington, wherehe acted as judge in several of therings.Mrs. W. E. Simms and MissSimms have returned from a delightful automoble trip with friends to various places of interest in Kentucky,among them being the Lincoln memorial in Harding county.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gaitskill, ofFancy Work.Ladies' crocheted ties and ruchingsfor sale by jMRS. LIZA AYxKES.1302 Pleasant St.,32-2t Paris. Ky. !All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. "...i?WhileSummer5MereKodakj W. Ed TuckerrFEE'S CASHt , ,,2jSPECIALSKODAKS $5 up.BROWNIECAMERAS,(Almost Kodaks)$1.00 to $12.00.16 lbs. Granulated'Sugar $1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox! Soap 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this Week only . 20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb. sack Eldean Flour 45cParowax, for sealing -, ' 1 5cMason qt. Jars -. : 55cMason pt. Jars 45cFee's Grocery Co.,cheese salad and wafers, raarshmallow Florida, who has been with Miss Flora"U. A. CW Ail. UVUJU UW bV.J.XW U1JUterre and bonbons.After dinner "b00' was enjoyed, andtwo boxes of candy were given asprizes, being awarded to Miss Eliza-betn Renick and Mr. Rogers Moore.Those who enjoyed this lovely occasion were: Misses Alice Roerers Clav.Elizabeth Clay Alexander. Marion! Mrs. Hekn M. Forsyth, a farmerAlexander, Charlina Ball, Elizabeth j resideut of Paris, but who is now conRenick and Margaret Ferguson, j neoced with the Mission Home a: JMessrs. Rocers and.Will Estill Moore. 1 Training School at Dallas. Texas, wasSidnev Kincaid. Frank Rhodes and 1 a guest at an all-day meeting of thiHill for several weeks, have gone toMt. Sterling and Richmond for a visitto relatives. Mrs. Gaitskill is just re-i covering from an attack of typhoidl fever, but has sufficiently recovered! to make the trip.iiimii linriii iirnnimiii iiKiii rim 1 mAnnouncingFirst showingof fall suitings in ourmerchant tailoring department. Thefinest showing of foreign suitings wehave ever made.J. W. DAVIS & GO.Fine Bo xCandies.Whitman's celebrated box candiesreceived fresh by exress every fewdays. No candy suDerior to WhitemBnn'scan beoou2lt.2J-2t VArtUEN & SON.Addition To Library Fund.President J. L. ClarK, of KentuckyWesleyan College, Winchester, reports ornaents.that he has succeeded in securing an- guests toother SI. 500 to the fund which will beused for erecting a Carnegie librarv onthe college grounds. The name of thedonor is not made known.2 This leaves something less than$3,000 to be raised. It is thought thatthis amount will soon be raised and theconstruction of the building started.They Cost Less In the EndThan those thatS cost less in the beginning. A well tailored suit is asource.of pleasure always. Our newiall line is readv.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Leer Nichols,of Lexington.The home of Mrs. William P.Chambers and Mrs. James Keith Ford,on Duncan avenue, was the scene ofone ot the most delightful receptionsTuesday afternoon which was "givenfor Mr3. James Duncan Chanlbers, ofSt Louis. Mo.The rooms were beautiful in theirdecorations of flowers. The hall wasin white and green, the stairway being gacefully trimmed with Southernsmilax, dotted here and there withwhite flowers, while great bowls ofwhite hydrangea were nlaeed in conspicuous places. The colors in theparlor were yellow, orange, coloredmarigold and golden glow being usedin profusion.Mrs. James Duncan Chambers andbeautiful l'ttle daughter, Dorothy,greeted the guests on the veranda, andlittle Miss Elizabeth Clay received thecards at the door. Mrs. Robert Gogeincordially welcomed the ladies as theyarrived and conducted them to the parlor. Here the hostesses, gowned inblack silk with real lace and diamondgraciously Dresented theMrs. James Duncan Cham-Windsor Hotel Again Opened.The Windsor Hotel, in this city, one)of the oicest Oiitlnes in the State,'which for the first time in its history, 1was closed several months ago to a aitthe decision of the court in the ibtiVruplcy proceedings of hvan W. i'J"u,wno was prcprietor, has again beenopened. Mr. J. B. Burnett, of this -city,recently purchased the fixturesat "the sale held seveial weeks ago and Ifollowing its confirmation by 'the court, sisted Mrsbers, tne guest of honor. In the receiving line were also Mrs. Lewis Taylor and Mrs. Duncan Bell, these beingthe three charming matrons of Jthefamily. BIn the back parlor frappe was servedfrom a beautifully appointed table byMisses Lorine Butler and Mary Clay,assisted by Mrs.;Arthur Hancock andMiss Kate Alexander.The guests were then conducted tothe dining room, which was exquisitein pink and white. The round tablebeing covered with a dotted swiss clothand valance over pink, and for a centerpiece large clusters of nink andwhite lilies and asters arranged in asilver basket, were used with charming effect. On the table were silverbaskets containing pink and whitepake?, mallow mints and nuts. fPink and white ices, moulded as!frui's aid fi.voeis. and idivjriu-il cakes 'were serveo, loilowtd by coffee ai.a jcheese sticks. Assisting in the dinirg(room were Mrs. William Taylor, Mrf. jCarl Wilmoth, and Misses Saliie Lock-'hErt and Ollie Butler. Others who aE-Chambers and Mrs. FordWomen's Missionary Society of tneMethodist Chucrh at Millersbug. Wednesday and gave a most interest gtalk to the school.Miss Elizabeth Renick entertainedat the home of her parents, Mr. andMrs. B. M. Renick, on Duncan avenueTuesdy evening with a "500" party.There were six tables and three boxesof canywere awarded as prizes t oMisses 'Margaret Ferguson , MaryAdams Jaibott and Mr. Will EstillMoore. Delicous caramel ice creamand cake were served to the followingguests: Misses Alice Rogers Clay,Marion and Elizabeth Clav Alexander,Margaret Ferguson, Annie andKatherine Wilson, Louise Morrison, HattieHill O'Neal, Mary Adams ;lalbott,Elizabeth Brown, Eleanor Clay, Louise Steele and Katherine Marsh ;Messrs.Rogers and Will Estill Moore,Joseph Davis, Edgar Vansant, JohnStuart, Felix Renick, of Winchester.Renick Smith, of Texas. Thomas Prichard, George White Fithian; Cassiusand John Harrison Clay.(Other Personals on Page 8)MONEYLOSTtBy not attending thisBIG-&Z5- I iJ-iWHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?has aeain thrown the doors of the famou hotel open to the puLlic. Thebuilding is baing thorojchly renovatedand greatly improve both inside andout.Fail Suitings.We are already taking orders. Maywe have yours now? It js to your advantage to buy earl'.J. W. DAVIS & CO.BalTJVotcpt your roring to-10 with Hail Insurance.MAS & WOODFORD.were: ivirs. rnomas nenry way, airs.1 Frederick A. Wallis, rs. Charlton Al' exander, Mrs. Geo Stuart, Mrs. Arthur1 Hancock, Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,I Jr.. and Mrs. Ford Brent.A stringed orchestra from Cincinnatidiscoursed beautiful music during theafternoon, and Ecores of guests accepted the gracious hospiatlity of the pop-1 ular hostesses.I Among those who are attendinethe Chi Omega Fraternity annualmeeting ot Hamilton (j'ollege. whichisjyiing heldat Oil Springs, Bathcunty, are Misses Mary Fithian andHelcnHutchcraft. Aleen Power, ofPar a, and Miss Hilda Threlkeld,- otRealizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stcch of $10C,0:0and Earne'd Surplus of $r3 000,organized in 1-87, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank Trust Co.,Paris, Kyhas a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business. II J1Of furniture, Rugs, MattingsPictures, Brass and Iron BedsSprings and Mattresses,And Everything That Is Carried Sn A First-Class Furniture Store.Today and TomorrowAre the Last Two Days of thisSale. You can save big moneyby supplying your house furnish-,ing needsNow and Merc, Prices are the lowest quoted byanybody anywhere. -Straw Matting Cut To The QuickJOHN T. HIINTOIM.1timm"?7.,,P.-rt 1"i V-' " V Nfc. i r rtO- 7- -l-HTHE BOURBON NEWS," PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 23, 1912TIMHERE'STHEHOGBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.Enclosed find photo o hogr that was cured ofcholera with your Eourbon Hog Cholera Remedy. This hogr "was almost dead before usingthe medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss o ears, tail, etc. The hogrls owned byMr. Skiles Ewinsr, o Bowling Green, Ky. Hewill be clad to give you a testimonial, and wecan get several more if you want them.JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling: Green, Ky,Ask Your Druggist for ItFor Sale dy W. T. Brooks.Almost Lost His Life.IS. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold." he writes, "that caused severe pains in my chest, so that it washard for me to breathe. A neighborgave me several dose of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor saidI was on theverge of pneumonia, but to continuewith the Discovetv. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and $1.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.ftMMIn&JBM $&'SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1912,Fare $1.50 And fieturn.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day ofsale.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.55a nDR. DOLLE'SMUSbACjii TO iYOU CAN BE CURED! bNBYENJezk16 pp: p vDB. 0. L. DOLLE."Wliy Talre Treatment That Is Doing Tonlfo Good, When a Few Davs under the careef Dr. Dolle Will Shotv You How Easy ItIs to Cure These Diseases "When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and yean, andbeen disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither suScient knowledge nor experience toknow how to care you.These are the "diseases cf which I havecured so many, justly piving me the reputation for cures of hich I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthe syEtem instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back."Varicocele," causing aching or pain ingroin or back, Kervcusness, Weakness,loss cf Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what 5 ou w.ill have to have to be curedright. Only one visit is reouired. I do no cutting and you sufler no pdn nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days, Kervous Troubles, Lost Vitality3Iy combined treatment for these troubles socommon;among those who have become weak andwornout, who have cau' u it by folly, dissipationand excesses, ih reir.itri.cblv pood. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcom s w nknes, rervousnecs. pain inback, lack of nev, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective in- treating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. My methods immediately benefit you, and the majority of cases1 cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.PHe; Picfltlsjf I can cure you bor-llCfc, riSLUiae quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for without& surgical operation.Acute Diseases Jg"g,Temedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured bo it willnot come back.You can take my Treatment without acent and pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. Iknow that every man will pay after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis F&EE.I have writeen a book that ought to beln thehands of every suffering man in this country. Iwill send you a copy, free, if you will write me atOBoe the disease for which you desire treatement,Moure, q to 4 : Sun days, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,1 to 8.on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nightC. L. DOLLE, M. D. iOrtr CeUsabla Theater 535 Walnut St., betweenFifth and Sixth Streets. urvnwu-JU9 finA M "H neceeeary k toikJortneColumWa Theater, and any one etamtrwitaig. ,1,!.,,-.NEED OF FRESH FOOD SHOWNScientific Name Given to DiseaseWhich Afflicted Members ofPclar Exploration Party.In an address lately given beforethe Zoological Society of France, Dr.Jacques Liouville, the physician andnaturalist who accompanied the Pour-luoi-Pason her antartic expedition,stated the chief physical troubles withwhich the crew had to contend werethree in number, all, in his opinion,springing from the lack of fresh food.He therefore terms this polar malady'the disease of conserved food." Themalady comprised symptoms ofscurvy, polar anaemia and severefrost bites or chilblains, which frequently bled constantly. The underlying cause of all the affections is analteration in the chemical composition of the blood or "dyscrasia." Theheart functioned badly, and the patients suffered from terrible-shortnessof breath, frequent drowsiness, andoedema of the lower extremeties.They were easily exhausted and unable to march, while the slightestmovement brought on intense palpitation. However, all these morbidsymptoms disappeared within ten dayswhen fresh meat was obtainable, anddid not appear again after, the freshwild celery obtained at Tierra delPuego had been enjoyed for sometime. Dr. Liouville took a just pridein the fact that this was the firstpolar expedition which ever restoredall its members to their homes in astate of perfect health. He had threesurgical cases to handle. Recoverywas highly satisfactory, which he ascribes partly to the entire absence ofpathogenic bacteria and partly to thefact that there was not a trace of alcoholism in the patients. ScientificAmerican.CHORUS GIRLS WANTED EGGSIncessant Demand Caused IrritatedChef to Come Forward With Indignant Protest.The hauling of a theatrical companywas in charge of Agent Lindeey, saysthe New York correspondent of theCincinnati Times-Star. He contractedto take complete charge of a'' goodsized operatic company for three days,furnishing sleeper and meals en route.The contract was a good one, and Mr.Lindsey determined to make the occasion memorable. "I will set the besttable you can find in the state," saidhe to the theatrical agent. "I willguarantee there will not be a singlecomplaint"So he bought all the steaks andchops and lobsters and shell fish andall that sort of thing that he couldfind in the market and planted them inan ice box and hired a relay of chefsand undertook to feed those chorusladies out of slenderness. There wereforty persons in the company. At thefirst luncheon thirty-six of them ordered eggs."Got to ohder moah aigs by wire,Mr. Lindsey,' ' reported the chef."These heah chorus girls certainly dohave the aig habit."For dinner that night thirty-eight ofthe company ordered eggs in somestyle. The chef wired ahead for moreeggs. At breakfast the next morningthe entire company of forty wantedeggs, and not one of them wantedthose eggs as any other one wantedthem. At luncheon thirty-two demanded more eggs. That night thefirst pair to reach the diner asked foreggs. The chef walked right in andmade the speech: "Nevah mine ohderin' no moah aigs," said he. "Theyain't no moah aigs. You-all must thinkwe cahhies a hen on this car."One of the Knox Knocks.Philander C. Knox, the secretary ofstate, received one day in his office abunch of high-browed newspaper correspondents. In the number was William Hoster, who stepped to the frontwith a copy of his paper in which wasone of his dispatches under big, blackheadlines. The dispatch dealt withthe affair of the department of state,and ran along glibly as if the writerhad enjoyed the confidence of Mr.Knox regarding the whole matter."What do you think of this article?"asked Hoster, exhibiting no modestyas he handed the paper to the secretary of state."After looking this over," said Mr.Knox graciously, "I must say, Mr. Hoster, you are the nestor of Washingtoncorrespondents."At this Hoster took on the aspectof a balloon and looked exceedinglypleased until Knox added softly:"Mare's-nester." Popular Magazine.The Raw Recruit.F. M. King enlisted in the SpanishAmerican war and was sent to Jefferson barracks. He was strolling throughthe company streets smoking a cigarwhen an officer approached. King saluted. "Look here," said the officer, "don'tyou know better than to salute an officer when you have a cigar in yourmouth? How long have you beenhere?""Three days," replied King."You are excused this time," saidthe officer, "hut don't let me catch youdoing that again."In a short time King met the sameOfficer and walked by without saluting. "Why didn't you salute?" demandedthe officer, stopping him."Well, you just told me not to salutewhen I had a cigar In my mouth," replied the raw recruitBut he spent three day& In thekitchen peeling potatoes for this offense. Atchison Champion. ..4t.22J,'.J.?T.iLABORAND THERIGHT.RULE OF17.e working people of Americaif they must be distinguished from the minority that constitutes the rest of it are, ofcourse, the backbone of the nation. No law that safeguardstheir life, that'improves the physical and moral conditions underwhich they live, that makes theirhours of labor rational and tolerable, that gives them freedomto act in their own interest andthat protects them where theycannot protect themselves canproperly be regarded as classlegislation or as anything but asa measure taken in the interestof the whole people, whose partnership in right action we aretrying to establish and make realand practical. It is in this spiritthat we shall act if we are genuine spokesmen of the wholecountry. From Woodrow Wilson's Speech Accepting the Democratic Nomination.REMINDED HER OF OLD DAYStion of the real issues upon which thecampaign will be fought this fall. 1think that it is bound to strengthenGovernor Wilson among the thinkingpeople of the country."Will Ring Through the Country.Governor George W. Donaghey, Arkansas. "It was a great speech. Itwill ring through the country. It Isjust what he should have said. Thepeople have never felt more confidentof success since the first nomination ofGrover Cleveland."Iowa For Wilson.Judge Martin J. Wade, Iowa. "Forthe first time since the state was admitted to the Union Iowa will this yeargive its electoral vote to the Democratic nominee for president"Jeffersonian to the Core.John A. Dix, Governor of NewYork. "Governor Wilson's speech ofacceptance Is marked with broad vision and clear thought expressed inlanguage every American can understand. As a business man and manufacturer. I am especially pleased withhis positive and statesmanlike positionon the paramount issue of tariff reform and his demand for an immediate downward revision. In sincerity,precise statement and comprehensivegrasp of great principles and their application of the fundamental needs ofthe country the speech is Jeffersonianto the core. It contains no appeal topassion and excites no prejudice.Governor Wilson has presented to his-party and to the nation clear conception of the truth that the real struggle in the pending campaign is between the concentrated powers of privilege and the aspiration of the American people to realize in their government and their economic industrialand social relations the full measuresof the principles of freedom, justiceand progress, upon which the republicwas founded. To all the issues andevery national need Governor Wilsonapplies the 'rule of right and commonadvantage.' The reforms he advocatesare farreaching, but they are necessary, sound and practical. The speechwill awaken and stir the national conscience and lead to a triumph thatwill restore to the people the controlof their government and inaugurate anew and happier epoch in the life anddevelopment of the republic."Worthy Leader of Progressive Americans. Louis D. Brandeis, Boston. "Governor Wilson's speech of acceptance isthe utterance of a twentieth centurystatesman. With keen perception herecognizes the evils from which thepeople are suffering and the dangerswhich threaten our welfare. Withbroad vision he points the way bywhich those evils may be removed andthe dangers averted. He proves hisunderstanding alike of business and ofsocial needs and that he is a Democratin fact as well as in name, and hiscourage is undoubted. ProgressiveAmericans have in him a worthy leader." Equable and Moderate.New York Sun. "Governor Wilson'sspeech of acceptance has good luckas well as merit. It comes just intime to contrast sharply with the interminable bedlamite rant of Th. Dentatus Africanus Ferox. And. if without contempt of campus It may besaid, though written by a college president very recently retired, it is in theEnglish language, not anaemic- andseldom with suspicion of priggishnessor donnishness, though it has an air.a certain academic distinction of Itsown. What will please everybody whohas a living to make is Governor Wilson's equable and moderate tone. Governor Wilson is for repair, not for destruction." Partnership of the People.New York Times. "It is applicable.The dominant thought, the very soulof his discourse, is the common interest of all the people, their partnershipin our activities and our prosperity.The partnership idea comes from hismind not as a sublimated political theory, but as a practical, immediate remedy." Straight to the Heart.New York World. "Woodrow Wilson's speech of acceptance is the ablest,clearest sanest statement of high public purpose this country has known ina generation. Without passion, without invective, without abuse, withoutpartisan bitterness, without denunciation, without egotism, without demagogy, he has driven straight to theheart of the supreme issue of American institutions the .partnership bct?reen government and privilege."Real Old-Fashioned House Cleaningin the City Interesting Becauseof Its Novelty."There's a real old-fashioned housecleaning going on next door," said thegirl vho lives on the top floor, "andIt's so long since I saw anything approaching it that it seems mighty interesting. People move so much inNTew York that there doesn't appearto be any more reason for housecleaning. They have rugs instead of carpets and they hang pictures on tacksand leave their curtains up all summer, which no self-respecting womanwould do in the old days."But next door they are beating carpets and printing shutters and they'vehung all the winter clothes out on thelines and washed the blankets andwhitewashed the cellar and put thewindow screens out and played thehose on them, and you can just imagine how clean and cool and shiningthe house will be when it's all overwith. Of course it is not so easy asthe new way of hiring housecleaningcompanies that bring their air broomsand other apparatus that do the jobup in twenty-four hours or so, but youcannot convince an old housekeeperthat the machine way of cleaninghouse is better than the old way anymore than you could make her believepure food pickles are equal to thehomemade kind." Press York Press.TAXED BY PHYSICAL WEIGHTNovel Scheme of French Town Authorities That Met With BitterOpposition From the Women.A small French town, in the Pyrenees district has struck a novelway to increase revenue from taxation. The ordinary channels notbringing enough to carry out certain projected improvements, themunicipal council decided to place atax on the physloal weight of the citizens, arranging the following scheme:Below 1351b., no tax; from 1351b. to2001b., 12s. annually is demanded;from 2001b. to 2701b.f 13s.; for allweights above this figure the tax increases at the rate of 24s. for each201b.Trouble came when the local authorities tried to collect the tribute.Most of the fat people formed a committee to appeal to the prefect, whorepresents the federal authority inthe district. Thus a stay was gained.But it appears probable that the towncould put into execution the new lawif it should fight the case in the courts.Most of the opposition came from thewomen, who held meetings and torchlight processions to signify their opposition to the measure, which struckthem harder than their husbands.Won't Have His Calling Insulted.There is one sure way to insult adelicatessen storekeeper and turn thehoney of his disposition into gall. Itcan be done by remarking carelesslyas you buy his meat balls or fishcakes that you only want them for thecat, anyhow. No delicatessen manwith an ounce of dignity can standthat."I lost a customer last week by refusing to sell a ring of liverwurst toa woman who was buying it for herdog," said one man in the trade. "Shewas a good customer, but when shedecided that she guessed that ring ofwurst would do because she only wanted it for the dog, I said: 'Madam, human beings might feel honored to eatthat wurst; it is not for dogs,' and Iput it back in the case."Meat balls composed of the verybest beef, veal, eggs, and crackercrumbs are likewise insulted. Theywill do for the cat. If women mustbuy these delicacies for their pets, letthem, but let them refrain from insulting the storekeeper by telling himso."Libraries in Navy.The navy department spends everyyear $30,000 for libraries for its ships.Each "ship's" library includes 300books, mostly technical and more orless expensive on that account. A"crews'" library is usually made upof about five hundred books on fictionand of such character suitable" for entertainment. About one-third of the books are replaced each year. The changes aremade upon recommendation of thosein charge of the ships, but it has developed that this is not a satisfactorymethod, as much depends upon thepoints of view on literature possessedby tho responsible persons. So it isproposed to standardize the librariesby making the changes in Washington,applying them generally to all ships.It is further held that this plan wouldwork for economy, effecting a savingof from $10,000 to $15,000 a year.Intercity Meal Tickets.Restaurants where the meal ticketsystem prevails adopt various devices to attract trade. A New Yorkproprietor recently posted this signabove his desk:"Meal tickets purchased here goodin restaurants in Boston, Baltimore,Washington and Chicago."Then followed the addresses of therestaurants where the meal ticketswould be honored."No, I have no interest in thosehouses," the proprietor said, "but Iknow the owners, and we concludedthat it would be a good plan to exchange tickets so that customers going from town to town could makesure of a square meal In case workwas slack or they got extravagant andRepent all their money."a?i?ifm?m?!f!nfKJob PpiniinejWORK DOSWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!xu&iw m:V&PParTRE J9B ReOfflS OFTHEBourbonNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIIIHFAHQLETTERHEADS, .CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.fcaiiiiWiiiuUhU3)-,iJrl?f , HJr ""--$,"-ol'!-. lr-,'f''Ni'i sTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, .AUGUST 23, 1912,X3ar&4XuyKSKnCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.iIf it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainLCor. 1 4th and Main IXftiuDepartment StoreCor. 7th and MainWA "IMlfnrCt "fr S'lITVm"WOJjiOM"131SPECIALPrice This WeekExtra Fine .ROYAL' CORSETAll SezesLeoQiiis 98cCall in andExamine Them.PARIS,KENTUCKY.When a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat the Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot?Hfew IterSetioiti nil mi ii 1 1 rOil CooR-stoveWith the New Perfection Oven, the New PerfectionStove is the most complete cooking device on the marketIt u iust s5 auick and handy, too, for washing and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated ia Kentucky)Cewtoa. Ky Lanirrffle. Ky Atkuita, Gau; Birmingfeaa. Ala.; d Jacfaeaville, Fl.This Stove .saves Time1It saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMade with 1 , 2 and 3 bumers.with IonSf enameled, turquoise-bluechimney. Handsomely finished througHout.The 2- and 3-burner stovescan be had with or without acabinet top, which is fitted withdrop helves, towel racks, etcAll dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CookBook with every stove. CookBook also given to anyonesending 5 cents to cover mailing cost. -PROBLEM THAT PUZZLED HIM IBobby Didn't Understand How HCould Get Candy for Three With"One Money."It was a charming summer morning.Bobby, aged five; Seth, aged four, andJennie, aged three, were escortingtheir father, Doctor Jackson, on hisdaily visit to the village poBtoffice.He , had promised them candy, jandthey straggled along in great content.Opposite the telephone office theprocession was suddenly brought to astop by the operator, who appearedin the door and beckoned the doctorimperatively."Hey, doc! You're wanted over atClifton right away!" he cried. "Itried to get you at the house, andyour wife said you were on your waydowntown. You've got to hurry!"The doctor turned about hurriedly,but the three pleading faces madehim hesitate. He thrust his hand intohis pocket, found no pennies. Sohe selected a nickel, and placed itin Bobby's hand."Now, Bobby, papa must hurry.You take this and get the candy. Getsome for Seth and Jennie, too, youknow. And be sure to go right backhome after you get it."Bobby, who had not yet learned thatthere were coins of larger value thanthe penny, took the nickel without much enthusiasm, and the children proceeded to the candy shop.Here Bobby took his seat upon anupturned box and let his chin fallupon his breast. A telltale sob betrayed his state of mind to the clerk."Why, Bob," exclaimed the sympathetic clerk, "I never knew you tocry! What's the matter?"Bobby showed the nickel that hadbeen shut tight in his warm littlefist."Papa told me to get candy for allof us," he gulped, "and I can't! Sethand I can't have any. I've only got"another sob "one money!" Youth'sCompanion.CANTANKEROUS TO THE LASTNot Even Praise of His Own Handiwork Availed to Soften Old"Undo Jake.""Uncle Jake" was one of the characters of Bunbury. He was as deaf asa post when he wanted to be andas contrary as a bundle of sticks.One of his neighbors came into hisyard one day and said, "Uncle Jake,I'd like to borrow your wagon thismorning; mine is having a springmended.""You'll have to speak louder," rejoined Uncle Jake. "I don't hear verywell, and I don't like to lend mywagon, anyhow!"The old man was an expert makerof axe helves an occupation in whichthere is more art than the unlnstructed would suppose and these handleshe, left at the village store to he sold,on commission. -t"ar..-One snowy day as Uncle Jake camestamping up the steps of the store,another old fellow who was known asUncle Horace remarked to the menlounging about the stove:"I'll treat the crowd if I don't makeUncle Jake agree to the first thing Isay to him when he comes in.""Don't be rash, Uncle Horace!" called out the storekeeper. "That neverhappened yet, and it isn't likely to."But Uncle Horace merely grinnedand picked up one of Uncle Jake's axhelves. The door opened and in cameUncle Jake."Jake," said Uncle Horace, runninghis fingers up and down the smoothwood, "this is a mighty good ax handle." "No, it ain't," replied Uncle Jake atonoe. "I can't make good handles, butthat one you've got is the kind peoplewant. They don't know no better!"And Uncle Horace treated the company to sardines, crackers andcheese. Youth's Companion. 'Sweet Charity."Has it ever occurred to you thatthe more money a man has the moredifficult it is for him to be charitable?When one is poor and has only 'a fewcents it is an easy matter to dividethe money with some poor devil whohas none."NOTICE.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am Drepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tubs are always"ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexingtonDivision.FrankfortCars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m.. the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6 :15 a. m. until 8 :15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. in. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles.Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 'p. m.tand at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville lor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m, until 8:15 p.mt and at10 :15 p.fm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfEagle Not Always Brave.Eagles are generally helieved to havery courageous. That they are notalways as brave as is supposed isproved by the following anecdote: Anaturalist tells of a combat betweenten missel-thrushes and a white-tailedeagle, In which the latter was thoroughly vanquished, and was discovered squatting down in a shed, wherehe had been driven in hope of refugefrom the angry birds.Jlnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,vShampooing 25 Cents. "Work done promptly and satisfactaoaguaranteed.augl6tfEastTenn. Phoe4 669aVsIO i O DAYS....SEPTEMBER,9, 10, 11, 12, IS, 14, 1912.AT THE.Kentucky State Fair.LIBERAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean Midway. LIBERATTS BANDFarmer Boys School Encampment REDUCED RAILROAD RATEStFor Information, Entry Blanks, Catalogue, AddressJ. L.. DENT. SECY.320 PAUL. JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KY&5r5'5ri'5''3'55'55r'55'51AsBourbon Laundry fDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.i TnWe Take Pleasure. Win roing tip the finest shirt- flfwaists or anything in the tffrmade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous iot fine work and itdever goes buck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like tappreciate?Bourbon Laundry,ft Su. rans, Kentucky.4"'tmmammmmmmmmmmmmtmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmLords in the Making.Allan Dawson, a New York editor,'says he was in London when thequestion of making 500 new lords wasagitating England, and that he happened to be in the press gallery of thehouse of commons when the subjectwas under discussion."It was an exciting time," said Dawson. A list or names was under consideration.- I listened until the househad disposed of three and had elected their titles. The first man decided upon was General Booth of the Salvation army. It was set forth thathis title was to be Lord Saveus. Thenext was Mr. Patterson, the big baggage and express man of London, andhis title was to be Lord Deliverus.The third was Mr. Pink, who owns thelargest jam factory in England. Theyfixed his title as Lord Preserveus.Then I came away." Saturday Evening Post.I. fV tfl I? ! FLANDERS ''5-SJ&s!S3Aatenobiles EMF. Jif You Want the Best jy Not the Cheapest m,11 Flar.ders "20" Roadster, $750 13Clay Had Campaign Banners.Jerome Carter Hosmer, president ofthe Dorchester (Mass.) Historical society, at the next regular meeting ofthat society will present a bannerwhich was carried by the adherentsof Henry Clay through the New England states at the time of Mr. Clay'scandidacy for president of the UnitedStates. It is thought to be the onlyone in existence.Twenty-seven states are represented, the stars encircling the portrait ofHenry Clay. Within the circle arethe words, "National Currency andProtection." In the four corners ofthe banner are the words agriculture,commerce, manufacture and encouragement. The flag is said to havebeen carried by enthusiastic followersof Clay in Worchester and RoxburyDon't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than ll.e $750 Snidebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less ycu buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebakc-r" means the best foryour money.If j'ou are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We can prove ii Send far new catalogueG)The Studebaker CorporationDetroit, Mich.' Boarbon Garage &jSopp!y Company.mmmmmMmgsasggipin 1844.ru fWv.S.-, c4,- .V J ' , ," ... JTHEBOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, AUGUST 23, 1912'-iMILLERSBURG ITEMS.PERSONALS.rJ5;. 1i"II5ffGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT137; NIGHT 299."Zbe Borne of Correct Tootwear' gPAN COHEN!I The Last And!Final CutOn AllSummer ShoesAnd Oxfords.The season for us is drawingfast to a close and the Large Shipments of Fall Footwear now arriving necessiates a quick clearanceof all Summer Footwear. Ourorders are to clear the shelves ofall Summer Goods. We will notcarry over any oxfords into nextseason.We have markedlv" H. 2C NotEscapted.1'Get HereTOMORROW,Saturday.Without fail as these low priceswill cause great joy to those appreciating good Footwear andvalue of money.AH Ladies' White Canvas and Nu - BuckShoes and Pumps nowbelow Cost.Get yours while wehave the size.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.faK2HWHdown every shoein the house toprices that, mustsell them quicka PairiMr. and Mrs.'S. M. Allen entertained Monday evening with cards.Miss Nannie Bowden, of Winchester,is the guest of Mrs. Frankie Cook.Mrs. Linda Benton and daughter.Miss Willie, are visiting relatives atMt. Vernon.UMiss Lola Hitch, of Delaware, wasthe guest of M:ss Mayme Dee Lcngsthe past week.Mrs. Elizabeth Scarce, of New York,arrived Wednesday as the guest of heraunt, Miss Elizabeth Vimont.Mrs. M. P. Collier and mother, Mrs.Rebecca Coiliar, spent Monday in Pariswith Mrs. W. G. McClintock.Miss Mary Aenes Prunell ' returnedhome Monday night after a severalweeks stay atChautauqua, N. Y.Mr. and Mrs. Redmond and littledaughter, Charlotte, left Tuesday foraeveral weeks' sojourn in Michigan.Mrs. Leo Miller left Tuesday forher home at Dublin, Ga., after severaldays visit to Dr. and Mrs. W. M. Miller. Mrs.JR. B.Givens and daughter, ofConnorsville, Ind., arrived Tuesday asthe guests of Mr. A. J. Butler andfamily.Miss Georgia'McConnell entertainedciuite a number of her friends Wednesday night in honor of her guest, MissMartha Tom Lebus, of Cynthiana.During the absence of Mr. M. P.Collier, who is spending a week atSwango Springs. Mr. Elda Collier isfilling his place in his office and is assisted by Mr. 0. H. Collier.Mr. Allen Ingels left;Tuesday for theLawrenceburg fair and will join G. P.Fisher at Lexington tcday. From therethey go to Torrent for a weeks' stay.W. E. Powell attended the hop atCynthiana, Tuesday night.Mr. R. M. Caldwell lsft Tuesday onajlweeks' excursion up.the Ohio River.During his abence all of his newspaper work will be in charge of MissEthel Collins. All persons havingnews items or advertisements willplease call her and she will attend toame.Mrs. C. M. Best entertained a number of friend3 Tuesday with a oneo'clock lunch. On the arrival of theguests they were ushered into the reading room where they were all suppliedwith place cards decorated with nasturtiums. Then they passed into thedining room where an elaborate lunchwas served. The tables we re decorated with large vases of dementis.They were then escorted to the reading room by Mrs. Best, where frappeand angle food cake were served. Thefrappe tables were presided over byMisses Mary Agnes and Bessie Purnell.Dorothy Peed and Martha Smith.Sadness of Unbelief.I look upon unbelief as the greatestof calamities. It is the loss of thechief aid of virtue, of the mightiestpower over temptation, of the mostquickening knowledge of God, of theonly sure hope. The unbeliever wouldgain unspeakably by parting withevery possession for the truth whichhe doubts or rejects. William ElleryChanning.Word and Deed."My dear girl," said her mother-in-law,"any woman would be satisfiedwith what John says he gives you.""Se would I." Puck.Ringling Circus.Ringling Brothers Circus and newlyadded $500,000 spectacle of "Joan ofAic, will ehxibit in Lexington, Tuesadv, Sept.lk3. The spectacle in itselfis an attraction that should bringthousands of visitors from the surrounding country. It U beyoned question the geatest production of its kindever seen in America.The world's most skillful scenic artists. costumers.Drupertv-makers, choius directors and stage managers wereengagedto mount thefproduction. Astage bigger than a -hundred ordinarytheatres was built and made portableso that it can be conveyed frorn townto town and erected each morning inthe mam tent. Thus the circus proprietors have'made it possible for thosewho live in contibutoy towns as wellas in the large cities to see thta mag-Mt.cent wordless play with its cast of j1,200 characters, a ballet of 300 dancing girlp. a grand opera chorus of 400 lvoices, 600 horses and a train load of Ispecial scenery, costumes, propertiesand mechanical devices for producingsuch stage effects as thunder, light,ning, storms, fires, and the sound of'battle. iIn the old market place of Rouen,France, there now stands a monumentby which the French of today havesought to redeem their part in the ex-iecution of Joan of Arc, who, on May30, 1431, was burned to death on thefalse charge .f heresy after havingj delivered her country from the English and having restored the crown to j.'Charles VII. History records but themeasrer facts ot this strance heroineof eighteen years, who led the armies Jinvasion, and then, deserted by all, Ieven the indolent monarch whom she lpreserved, died by the crudest tortureknown with the name of the masterupon her lips. Unsung in poetry thename of this simple peasant girl has 'come down through the ages to be r ervered as that of a saint, and whose 'wonderfurpowers and whose braveryare verily" believed to have been ofdivine inspiration.On gthe triumphant incidents, thevictorious engagements, the final defeat of the English armies, and thecoronation of Charles VII, all achievedby the frail Maid of Orleans, has beenfounded the inspiring spectacle whichgives Ringilng Brothers' Circus a newsignificance pnd makes an attractionsuch as the world in searching foramusement has never before found.The regular circus program i3 morethan ever attractive. Its company of1375 foreign artists, its double menagerie and its new sheet parade willprove a great surprise to t!.c?2 whoattend from this city. The i.vzzl isone that should not'be missed.Mavs-ille, visited in Paris yesterday.Miss Jessie Mae Ockerman Jhasreturned from a visit in Richmond,.Mr. Jay Ranson, of Chicago, isthe7guset of relatives iu this city.Mr. J. M. Smelser has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Abington,Va.Dr. . L. Uppington hasr returnedfrom a sojourn at Oil Springs, Bathcounty.Mr. S. S. Brown, of Dayton, Ky.,ib the guest of his daughter, Mrs. H.J. Grosche.Mr. Joe Penn Redmon and family,of Millersburg, left Tuseday for atrip to Petoskey, Mich.Mrs. I. W. Miller, of Nashville,Tenn., is the guest of the family ofthe late Mrs. Julia Frank.Mr. John Doty left yesterday fora visit to his sister, Mrs. William Bowling, at Munfordville, Ky.g Mrs. Wilbur Stone and Miss Minnie Thompson. of Lexington, areguest of Mrs. William Farris.Miss Virginia Jouett. of"Winchester is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Withers Davis, on Pleasant street.Miss May'Margolen has returnedto her home in Georgetown after avisit to Misses Essie and Goldie Saloshin, in thiscity.Mr. Dave Feld vesterdav movedto his new residence on Fithian Ave. ,in White Addition, which has justbeen completed.Misses Gazena Thomas and CallaArrasmith returned Tuesday to theirhome in Mt. Sterling, after a visit torelatives in this city.Mr. and Mis. James D. Chambersand little daughter, Dorothv, of St.Louis, Mo., are the guests of the formars' mother, Mrs. Kate Chambers.Miss Edna Keller has returnedfrom Lexington, where she has beenthe guests of Miss Mary McCarthy.She was accompanied home by MissMcCarthy, who will make her a visit.Mr K. R. Vaught, of Parker, Tnd.,was in Paris yesterday enroute toMilleisburg for a short visit to relatives. Mr. Vaught is identified witha large furnitu-e manufactory at Parker, Ind.. and is in this section in theinterest of his establishment.Mrs. W. E. Board entertained delightfully yesterday afternoon at herhome on Mt. Airy avenue with a beautiful luncheon auction-bridge for Mrs.Geitrude Warner, of Lagrange. Therewere four tableB and at each table wasa silver picture frame, the prizes,whilethe'prize'for the guest of honorwas a picture frame of large pattern.Following the several interestinggames an elaborate luncheon wasserved the guests.Mrs. E. B. January entertainedwith a neghbonhood aewiing partyWednesday fromthree to five in honorof her daughter. Mr. Everett Ham.who leaves soon for her home in California. The elegant home, cornerHouston avenue and Second street, waselaborately decorated with summerflowers atid during the afternoon theguests enjoyed.a photo contes .Miss Jerome Chapman charmed allwith many favorite song selections.Delicoius refreshments were served.All the guests present Jive on Mt. Airyand none of the many entertainmentsgiven there this summer was morethoroughly enjoyed than this one.Mr. John W. Boulden, of Maysville, foimerly of this city, passedthrough Paris yesterday afternoon enroute home from the reunion of Morgan's men at Ebtill Springs, and spentthe time -between trains shaking handswith his many old frends. Mr. Boulden Wednesday celebrated his seventy-firstbirthday and is enjoying thebest of health. At present he is thecashier of the First National Bankat Maysville, a position he has held fora number of years. AccompanyingMr. Boulden were Messrs. S. H.Mitchell", Benjamin Longneckec,Thomas Lashbrook and Hon. W.Mathers.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYA ROMANTRIBUTECOLN.TO LIN-By A. W. MACY.About a year after th deathof President Lincoln there wasfound In the basement of theWhite House a large stone withan inscription, in Italian, ofwhich this is a translation: ""ToAbraham Lincoln, President forthe second time of the American Republic, citizens of Romepresent this stone, from thewall of Servius Tulliul, bywhich the memory of each ofthose brave assertcrs of libertymay be associated." No opoabout the White House knewanything about the stone, orhad ever heard of it. No onremembered having heard Lincoln speak of it. It seems thatafter his re-election these Roman patriots, wishing to showtheir admiration of his character and their appreciation of hlawork, took this stone from thewall of the wise and just oldRoman emperor, had the Inscription placed upon It, andsent it to him as a testimonial.It is believed that In order toavoid notoriety, and in keepingwith his modest nature, hequietly plad the stone in thebasement and said nothingabout it to any one. It maynow be seen in the r.nnriian'aroom of the Lincoln monumr!fat Springfield, where it wasplaced by direction of congress.(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Mrs. DR. Thompson, ofHow Much Have YouSaved In the LastTen Years ?At 3 Per Cent.In Ten Years aDeposit WithThis Bank of$1 ,00 a month amounts to $138.7$5.00 a month amounts to $693.7Start Now4Open an Account with Us Todayu SgrktilfurlCapital Surplus$ 1 00,00.00 $67,500.00IP-uolioorVehicles arid HarnessTo quit business on account of ill health. I will offer at my placeNo. 27 Lexington Ave., Winchester, Ky.,MONDAY, AUGUST 26th, 1912,at 10 o'clock sharp to the highest and best bidder without reservemy entire stock of Buggies and Road Wagons, Break and DrivingCarts, consisting of the Moyer, Houghton, Colonial, Sechler andOld Hickory make. This is all good clean stock of Harness andVehicles to be closed out and your price will be mine.I will also offer on this date one 40 H. P. Oldsmobile, 5passenger car in first class condition. Terms made known on dateof sale.T. Strother Scott,E. E. LOOMIS, AuctViolin Class.I have org'anized a class in violin andhave several open periods for new pupils. Lessons given at Paris PublicSchool Building and at my home onPleasant street.MISS GOLDIE SALOSHIN,23-4t E. T. Phone 296.LOST.A ladips' short gravcoat with velvetcollar, was jost on Monday night between Lislfcville and ihe North Middletown Dike, Finder will please lpaveat News Office. 20-3t.LOST.On Maysville Dike, between Redmon pike and Paris, a package containing embroidered collar done inblack and cuff. Finder return to thisoffice for reward. 20-2tGo to B uck's.For a nice bath, hair cat or shavego to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclasp barbers. 13 tfWORDS FROM ROUE.Statements That May Be Investigated, Testimony of ParisCitizens.When m Paris citizen comes to thefront, tulii: g his frknds and neighborsof his experience, you can rely on hissincerity. The statements of peopleresiding in far places do not commandyour confidence. Home indorsementis the kind that backs Doan's KidneyPills. Such testimony is convincing.Investigation proves it true. Belowis a statement of a'Paris resident. Nostronger Droof of merit can be had.M. Holleran, 200 W. Seventh St.,Paris, Ky., says: "Doan's KidneyPills are mighty good and I am gladto praise them to everyone. I had alot of .trouble from my back and kidneys. The action of mv kidneys causedme much suffering and sometimes thepassage of the secretions were painful. I had backaches, too. I usedmany medicines, but was rot benefitteduutil I took Doan's Kidney Pills. Theysoon'made me better and stronger, "jgFor sale by all dealers. Prcie o0cents, Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo.N. Y.r sole agents for the UnitedStages.Remember the name Dosn's andtake no other. -Bank of Paris.Protection$267,500.001WINCHESTER, KY.THE FAIR!Great Values FridayMason Pint Fruit Jars 39c doz.Mason Qt. Fruit Jars, 45c doz.Heavy Clothes Line, verystrong, per yd, lc.Garment fiangers, worth 5ceach, 2 for 5c.No. 1 Lamp Wick, 5 yds. for5 cents.Meat Dishes, 12 inches long,for 5c.. 8x10 in. Oak Framed Mirrors,each 10c.4 qt. Blue and White linedEnameled Pans, each 10c.Violet Glycerine Soap, value25c box, for box 19c.Knives and Forks, value 48ca set, today 29c set.Bread Knives, value 10c each,today 5c each.4qt. Preserving Kettles 10ceach.Sleeve Ironing Boards, 8c each.THE FAIR.4 6Rexte" Davis !tu Insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 127FOR SALE. ,Dix Cutting Box No. 2, in good condition. Will sell cheap.16-2t D. W. P.UED.FOR SALE.Folding bed. carpt, window shades,couch, cot, hammock, kitchen safe andrange. B. E. ADCOCK.13-3t Home phoneM)2.Sale-"-v!- . .atfafT:- 'i1 i m mmmtimmmmJ7 'iJh' '-,