ATHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARH . vVOLUME XXXIPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1912OVERLAND!EOFr-fTHE GREAT RAGE FORGLORY AND PRIZES"WE KNOW HOW"1913ftOURASMOROverland Model 69rCOMPLETELY EQUIPPED$985. OOrelf Starter Central Control50 Horsepower 110-iii. Wheel Base5-PflSsinger Tour- Timken Bearingsinff Car Prestolite TankRemy Magneto Clear Vision WindWarner Speedeomter ShieldMohair Top and Boot All Bright PartsTires 32x3; Q. D. Nickel PlatedfDEMONSTRATIONS SOLICITEDM. J LAVINDistributor For Bourbon CountyEighth and Main Streets, Paris, Kentucky1R DrnnrA4&ii)P sBy Paying Cash For Groceries.After Reading These Prices, Consult MfYour Last Bills and See Where You jCan Save One-Third of Your Past fLiving Expenses. ':::::' yjw17-lbs. Eastern Granulated Sugar $1.00 Sjf8 Bars Lenox Soap 25c ijfjf6 Bars Octagon Soap 25c yiy6 Bars Clean-Easy Soap 25c JKOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c )(Silver Seal Coffee, per lb 30cGood bulk Coffee, Santo's, per lb 25cFancy Dried Peaches, per 10 12 l-2c $Choice Dried Peaches, per lb 10c enBulk Mince Meat, per lb 10c KPackage Mince Meat, per lb 8 l-3c JkNavy Beans, per lb 6c tKidney Beans, per lb 8c VMixed Beans, per lb 5c fjjCracked Homne , per lb 3c ifWe Guaiantee Weight and Quality. fwBLUE RSBBON FLOUR W25-Sb Sack SOc wcni.fH ss.-rtr &-i .c;; !1 OO-ib Sack $3. 1 O WTcTeinihain. 1Cash Grocery. WBoth Phones 234.&The Bourbon News' Great Automobile and Prize CampaignComes to a Close at 9:30O'Clock Next Saturday Night.Just a Short Time Left,Friends, to Help Your FavoriteWin a Handsome StudebakerAutomobile, a Diamond Ringor An Elgin Watch Hand inYour Subscription Get YourFriends to Subscribe MakeYour Favorite a Winner at AllHazzards.W&A BIG BAND CONCERTNext Saturday Afternoon andEvening in Front of the Bour-bon News Office Your FriendsWill Be There, So Be Sure andMake Arrangements to Attendthe "Contest Day" Celebration Announcement of theWinners Will Be Made Saturday Night.iswwwwIn Selecting aChristmas PresentFor Father, Brother or Sweetheart,Come to our store, we will showyou the very latest of styles at theright prices inSuits Jewelry ShirtsOvercoats Watch Charms TiesSweaters Cuff Buttons GlovesTrunks Scarf Pins SoxSuit Cases Telescopes UnderwearHats Fur Caps Umbrellas ShoesVSS5,fi9 S2.;3V3? f.rSrV.X.raSrSS.rV rV.rX.r?mfcw&mmmmmmmmffl3;'ya&'fclSBIPwmnmGet What You Pay For Wkt&MmfSftsxisGetting what youpay for, in style, fit,quality ana satisi action wmjvu Limu o nuu :iraf'SityTRAGOOn-tna s aalways easy when youstart out to buy Boy'sClothes.Get Your Next Boy'sSuit HereLearn whatit means to patronize astore that sells satisfaction. You'll discover thatthere's no store that considers i t s customer'sprofit first, that gives allyou pay for.Boy's Suits, Ages7 to 17$5 to $10mxmmIPWmIPX-wmPRI6&60.6IOtHi6rSand Furnisfiersmm;ilimmmf'Wif'WiSm&WeEBtsmmmmBmmm&mThe Bourbon News Great AutomobileandPrize Campaign, the biggest newspaper enterprise ever attempted in thissection of Kentucky, will come to iclose next Saturday night at 9.30o'clock. For several weeks past thisgreat prize giving competition hasbeen the talk of this part of the stateand now but four days remain and thisbigundertaking will be a thing of "thepast and nine popular people will bethe proud possessors ot valuable prizes.FOUR MOKE DAYS LEFT.Just think of it. Just'four days between'now and the end of this greatrace for fame and fortune. Doesn'tit make .vou feel a bic panicky tothink of it? Next Sunday yuu may beridine around in that handsome iiyepassenger touring car or you may missthe big prize bv a few thousand votesand win a diamond ring or a watch.Whether or not you will bj a winneinext Saturdnv night, will all deDendon yourself, on your friends rnd onwhat efforts are put forth in your behalf the remaining few davb. Therace is now near the end and is growing fast and furious as more and morecontestants wake up to the fact thatjust a short time is left to decidewhether they shall have success or deteat. SCHEDULE OF VOTES." During the remainder of the contestthe vote schedule will be as follows:SCHEDULE OF VOTES,12 Years 20,00010 Years 167,000 1S Years 135,5005 Years S5.0004 Years 67,0003 Years . . . . 46 2002 Years 32,5001 Year 15,8006 Months 7,600No other changes fwill be made.While this is much smaller than theschedule of last week, nevertheless,the votes will count up very rapidly.GET BIG SUBSCRIPTIONS.Get all the big subscriptions possibleduring the remainder of the contest forthey count up more rapidly. Manyand manv a valuable prize in campaigns of this kind has heen lost by averv narrow margin of possibly fivethousand votes. Possibly just for thelack of votes one subscription wouldbring. Don't let this happen to youtmt call on all these see you later andI'll help you at the last friends andget your promises cashed. Don't neglect the small subscriptions but getbig subscriptions if you possibly canfor one big subscription may turn thetrick and decide whether you will bethe proud owner of the handsome fivepassenger Studbakcr Touring Caratter December 7DO'NT BE TOO CONFIDENTYou may be in the lead in your respective district today and yet for allyou know some one else may havemore votes in reserve than you haveIf you don't do your level nest between now and the closing hour, youmay not finish among the winners oreven among the leaders On the otherhand you may feel that you are hopelessly behind; that you have nochance of winning whatever and stillyou may have a good chance There isno contestant in the race at this latedate who cannot be brought to thefront rank if his or her relations andfriends will just rallyjoyally and enthupsiastically to the support of theirfavoriteARE YOU A FRIENDIf you are a friend of any contestantright-now is the time to show thatfriendship for if there ever was atime that your favorite neededhelp, it is these few remaining days.Let every relation, friend and acquaintance put forth their best effortsduring the remaining time of the conest and let nothing stop you from mak(Continued on Page 8) ,HUNTING OUTFITSOur Specialty in Dux Back Clothing and Witch-ElkShoes from 6 to 1 8 inches in height.Also a Most Attractive Line ofLadies' Gloves and HoseMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MienParis, Kentucky111r.i vr.i U9i w swaS Eimiiiiiiiiiiimminiiiiiiji iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiu'iiiimiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiHifh IFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.Special SaleonIadies' Suits$35.00 Suits $ 1 9.7525.00 Suits 16.7520.00 Suits A 12.7515.00 Suits 1 0.75vLadies' CoatsV$25.00 Values for '....., $ 1 5.0020.00 Values for '...... 1 O.OO15. 00 Values for 8.95Children's COats All Reduced in PriceI2ESToys and Dolls Now On DisplayNovelties In Every Department Suitable ForChristmas Giving1 1 FRANK & CO.. 1 JKXliKfSK!ISMfftiS!Is-AtTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 3, 1912'41i?-kUkr'Vi.AIDILauit aim ueiuiciiiciiYour Fall ShoesAre Merc.IThey are new, seasonable and reasonable. The assortment is made upof the best styles of the world's BestShoe makers. The scope is so broadand the size ranges so complete youwill find your size in any make youdesire.We have also a full line of Misses',Children's and Boys' School Shoes inGun Metal, Patents and Tans.IL.Phones 301GEO. McWILLIAMS,The Shoe ManIJ&faBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. West 5 StreetusfafafafafafawfafaiL'Mti jJJBgy jWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous fo fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciateeBourbon Laundry,Paris Kentucky.infafav!ff. VgiHB5aSSBi5aa :&&&&::"-nKi &$ . i V " " -,-fy.jfe, i: " JI'j-jSPt r i iiT rr1 i'j" - '. -n. p "-- -? i -&n .-THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,Publish :Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous Publication vPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.BECKHAM OUTFOR SENATE.willing and caoable of finiibing successfully the work to be begun.I seek this position as Senator frommy native State not merely with anyselfish consideration of the honor itmay bring me, but for the broad opportunity it would afford me of rendering some useful rnd patriotic service to the people of the country. Ibelieve that I have had such experience and training as would make mereasonably well prepared.'for the work.I do not come before the people ofKentucky in this race unknown to oruntried by them. In my public careeri n the past, they have, had ample opportunities to determine whether ornot l can be trusted with official responsibilities, or whether or not I amaccustomed to redeem mv promisesand obligations to them.Under their sound judgment andgenerous confidence I rest my candidacyfor this high office seeking their support if they believa me worthy of it.and advising them to vote for someother man if they believe he can morefaithfully and successfully serve their.J. C. W. BECKHAM. .What's a Friend?Apropos of gratitude, a prominentpolitician gave the other day a veryamusing definition of a friend. -"Afriend," he said, "is a man who takesyour part against all your enemies,sticks to you through all your adversities, lends you his last dollar without security and then, when fortunesmiles on you at last, is content totake a back seat anokeep out of theway."Former Governor Decides to Remain In Politics and MakeSenatorial Race.ISSUES ANNOUNCEMENT.Points With Pride What He HasDone For Party and AsksDemocrats Support.rr-toe Agricultural Bank of Paris.Capital Surplus Protection1 00,00.00 $67,500.Q0 $267,500.00FRANKFORT, KY., November 29Former Governor J. C. W. Beckhamtoday announced his candidacy for theU. S. Senate in the following card:GOV. BECKHAM'S ANNOUNCEMENT. In answer to a great many inquiries,I feel that 1 should, without furtherdelay, make known my purpose in regard to the approaching race for theUnited States Senatorshin. for whicha Democratic nomination is to be madein the State primary next August.Following my retirement from theoffice of Governor about five years ago Jand the result of the Senatorial election in the General Assembly of 1908,it was not my intention to again seekpublic office. Eight years of arduousand difficult service as Governor, frequently dealing with serious and critical questionhs had prepared roe to wellcome and enjoy the relief from publicresponsibilities and the peace of nrivate life which such retirement offered me.But from the people'and the press ofthe State, I have received so manykind and flattering assurances that Imight as a Senator from Kentucky beof some useful public service, andgreatly appreciating the honor impliedby such expressions, I have decided tobecome a candidate tor the Democratic nomination for that office in the primary next August, and to submit mycandidacy to the Democratic voters ofthe State.1 believe that the people of Kentucky have known me long enough andwell enough to judge by what principles and Durposes I have always beeninfluenced in my public life, and howwell or ill I have met every responsibility or obligation confronting me.I have been frank with them at alltimes, frequently when I believed it tobe to my personal disadvantage andI have never let them remain in doubtabout my position upon any importantpolitical subject.So, upon the issues now prominentbefore tne country, the people of Kentucky well know how 1 stand and whatmy course of action would be if Ishould" be elected to the Senate. I amin hearty accord with the principles ofthe platform of the Baltimore convention, and it wou'd be my endeavor as amember of the Senate, without ostentation or display, to earnestly and efficiently assiBt President Wilson and hisadministration in fulfilling the promises made to the people in that platform and in the recent campaign.The verdiat of the American peonlein the recent National election was unmistakable and emphatic. They votedfor a definite change in certain policies of the Government, the restoration of its control to the people, thedethronement of the Dower of specialinterests, relief from the burdens ottariff taxes and tributes, the overthrowof monopoly in our industries, the readjustment of the functions of government to serve the masses of the peoplerather than those favored classeswhichhave fattened upon special privilegessand for other just and needed reform,outlined in the Democratic program.However much we may rejoice overthe recent result at the polls, our victory is not yet won, and will not bewon until we have substantially fulfilled these expectations of the people byenacting into laws the promises wehave made. It is evident that the admirable man whom we have electedpresident recognizes the solemnity ofthe obligation placed upon himin these matters, and it isessential for the success of his administration that he should have in theSenate as well as in the bouse to aidhim in keeping faith with the people,men who are in cordial sympathywith his nolicies, and "can who areToo Good for Them.The Winchester Democratizes thesituation up about right when it says:"It would take cool heads and powerful influence to prevent rough handling at the hands okan infuriated mobif the persons who shot down DeputySheriff Hart and who deliberatelythrew the switch on the Louisville andNashville road near Paris which caused the wreck, and death ot engineerLemons a short time ago were captured. Never has indignation been sohighi n this state. With such an element of foreign negro labor broughthere by construction comDanies, everyprecaution should be taken by the penpie against such outrages. Capitalpunishment is too good for most ofthem."J&EZ&lmjKkmwJRmm&JwSZiSB (WMakes a great difference in most wornca. They are troubled with "nerve;"they cuffer from backache, headache, sleeplessness, a sensation of irritability ortwitching, hot flashes, dizzy spells, or many other symptoms of female vep'.r.e-slThe local disorder and inflammation should be treated with Dr. Pierce's LotionTablets and the irregularity and weakness cf the female system corrected ar.dstrengthened with lir. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. The strain upon the youngwoman or the woman of middle age upon the nervs and blood forming structure-:may be too great for her strength: This isthe time to take this restorative tonband strength-giving nervine and regulator. For over forty years sold by druggLtsfor woman's peculiar weaknesses and distressing ailments. The one remedy so perfectin composition and so good in curative eliects as to warrantits makers in printing its every ingredient on its outside:wrapper. The one remedy which absolutely contains neitheralcohol nor injurious or habit-forming drugs.Following letter selected at random from a large numbercf similar ones and cited merely to illustrate these remarks :"In the vnnter of 1908, 1 became greatly run down and irregular.writes Mrs. Henry Scott, of Swan Creek, Mich., Route 1, Box 49. " fclowly but surely grew worse, and, at last, resolved to apply to the doctor for help. The doctor said I had inflammation, enlargement and laceration. I was in bed eleven weeks and got no better. The doctor said Iwould have to have an operation, but to that I would not listen. My husband purchased two bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Whett1 started to take this remedy I could not walk across the floor, but afterI had taken three bottles I could feel myself gaining, so I dropped thsdoctor and took Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. Only for it I thir'c1 would have been dead T rcahy bcieve it saved my life. 1 feel betterMrs. Scott. now than in twenty yuars."CORTRIGHTaARE FIREPROOFCost of Living,Storm-proof, too. because thev interlock and overlap in such a way that thefinest driving snow or rain cannot sift under them.Best roof for country buildings, because they're safe from all the elements.7 They'll last as Ions as the buildinc. and never need repairs.For Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.THE BESTIn all the efforts beinp; made'for thelowering of the cost of living and inall the many numerous suggestionsput forth it must not be forgotten thatone chiefjeause of the increased cost isthe higher standard of life that peoplenow hold.Doubtleds if the people of todaywere willing to live as their forefathers did, the expense of living would bereduced CDnsiderably. But very wisely people's ideals of coraf jrtand oflifo oro TiirrTioi fViooo rlotTc? onrl f hoi Icannot escape Dayingfor them. .Theprincipal danger today is the tendencyto go to the other extreme, which tendency often leads people to go far beyond their means with consequent misery and discontent.With all the laudable desire formore comforts and a higher standardof living one must be careful not tospend more tfcanone hundred cents onthe dollar. If he neglects that he willhave the same mournful experience asMr. Micawber.Good Roads Convention.'The American Good Roads Congressis to be held this year in Cincinnati.The session will continue over a periodof four days, beginning today. Inconnection with the Congress theninth annual convention of the American Road Builders' Association will beheld.The program of these'meetings, it isannounced, will not be overloaded withpapers, and the pessions will not beunduly protracted. The time ot theconventions will be devoted chiefly todiscussions on practical questions connected with the construction and maintenance of roadways, both rural andurban. A feature of no small importance will be an exhibition of machinery and material used in road buildingwhich probably will be the most complete expositionof the kind ever seenin the United States. A section willbe given to exhibits of the UnitedState Office of Public Roads, f Manyof the States will be represented asWell as several of the larger cities anda number of the leading engineeringschools of the country.The Good Romls Congress was 1 e'dlast year in Rochester, N. Y., and wassaid to have been the largest gathering of men identified with highwayimprovement ever held up to the present time. Officers of the Congress believe the convention in Cincinnati willeven be largeras delegates and visitors are coming from all Doints of thecountry and Cincinnati's favorable location near the center of population,is relied upon to make the meeting arecord breaer in the point of numbers.The people of Kentucy should notoverlook this important road convention. All the county judges in theState are authorized delegates, andall persons who are interested in readconstruction have been invited to attend. The discussions at Cincinnatiwill cover every phase of the roadproblem and cannot fail to be instructive and beneficial, and the machinery exhibit will be of much interest toofficials who have to do with highwaybuilding and betterment. L. 'No Clinkers. 1 per cent ash,Lots of Heat.Dodson & DentonPARIS. KY.(3Ss(SsgtSg&gS5& lgX)THE FARMERwho has one, what wonders the Cumberland Telephone works forhim. He will reply:1. Sells My Products 4, Protects the Home2. Gets Best Prices 5. Helps the Housewife3. Brings Supplies 6. Increases Profits7. Pays For Itself Over and OverSeven cardinal r2asons why YOU should be interested and sendto-day for booldet.For information, call manager.Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporated..TWINBROSDepaitmensstoieT01 -703 Main St.,Invitesyou to inspect their handsome and stylish display ofFALL DRY GOODS,DRESS GOODS, MISSES'and LADIES' READY-TO-WEARGARMENTS.!SUITS, SKIRTS,MILLINERY,CLOAKS, SHOES, DRESSES.Please Call, Always several toshoyr our goods. J?V"THE;BpURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYDEGEMBER 3,1912.Thelourbon HorseGo,Goods1Incorporated.Manufacturers ofHarness, Horse Boots andLeatherJ Novelties ofAll Kinds,All Orders Promptly Executed AndWork Guaranteed.No. 304 Main StreetRepairing of All Kind DoneWhile You Wait.Opp Court House.Lexington Military Bendend Orchestra.112 West Main St.LEXINGTON, KY.Music For All OccasionsTELEPHONES: New185 and 638; Old,221.Only such music wHlbe supplied as will bea pleasure to our patrons and a credit tothe organization.Sam'l Kerslake& Son,Paris, - Kentucky.Horse Shoeing-,Machine Shop.AutomobileJRepairinga Specialty.Worn Out, NervousTired and DepressedTona Vita Builds Up Mind andBody in a Few Weeks.Are you tired all the time. Are youweak, nervous and depressed. Is yourambition gone and your mind dull.Do you know what to do. Go straightto your drugcist and get a bottle ofTona Vita, the national tonic. Physicians are recommending it everywhere. It is buildine ud run downpeople by the thousands in all parts otthe country.After you have taken Tona Vita oneweek weigh yourself, then you willknow why it is recognized as the besttonic and flesh builder ever sold to theDublic.You can get Tona Vita at Chas. E.Butler & Co.'s drug store.They Won't Believe It.Many people who do not deservethen have good neighbors.Dally Thought,No thought which ever stirred aluman breast should be untold. Rob3rt Browning.. . "4Makes the Nation Gasp.The awful list of injuries on aFourth of Julystaggers humanity. Setover against it, however, is the wonderful healing by Bucklen's ArnicaSalve, of thousands, who sufferedirom burns. tJcutq, bruises, bulletwounds or explosions. Its the 4quickhealer of boils, ulcers, eczema, sorelips or piles. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's. osflfcrr-trIn the Beginning."Papa, why does the frost alwayscome in the fall?" "The habit, my son,originated in the Garden of Eden."Catarrh Cannot be Curedwith local applications as they cannot reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a blood or constitutional disease, and in order to cure it you musttake internal remedies. HaM's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, andacts dircetly upon the blood and mucous surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Cure isn'ta quack medicine. It was prescribed by one of the best physiciansin this country for years and is a regular precsription. It is comDosed ofthe best tonics known, combined withthe best blood purifiers, acting directly on the mucous surlaces. The perfect combination of the two ingredients is what produces such wonderfulresults in curing catarrh. Send fortestimonials frpe.P. J. CHENEY & CO.. Props.,Toledo, Ohio.Sold by druggists, price 75 cents.Take Hall'sFamily Pills for consti-nation.By Way of Identifying Himself."Do yo' know who I is, sah? Doeaiyo organize me?" inquired a dilapidated looking young colored citizen,addressing old Brother Bulginback."Well, sah, I'se de fool gen'leman datdone 'loped wid yo' daughtah, Loolabelle, 'bout two weeks ago; and I kinprove it, spite-uh muh pussonal 'pearance. And I'se come back yuh today,sah, to infawm yo' dat if yo'll takeher back and gimme a new suit o'clothes, all will be forgiven." KansasCity Star.Joy of Life.To watch tho corn grow, and theblossoms set; to draw hard breathover ploughshare or spade; to read,to think, to love, to hope, to praythese are the things that iriake menhappy; they have always had thepower of doing this, they never willhave power to do more. The world'sprosperity or adversity depends uponour knowing and teaching, these fewthings. John Ruskin.MS. of Home, Sweet Home.The original manuscript of "Home,Sweet Home," is said to have beenburied in the grave with Miss HarryHarden of Athens, Ga. She was JohnHoward Payne's sweetheart, but refused to marry him in deference toher father's wishes. After she wasseparated from her lover she shutherself in the old family mansion, seeing none but a few members of thelittle church to which she belonged.From the IndependentA Des Moines man had an attack ofmuscular rhematism in nis shoulderAfriend advised him to go to HotSprings. That meant an expense of$150 or more. He sought for a quicker and cheaper way to cure it andfound it in Chamberlain's Liniment.Three days after the first anplicationof this liniment he was well. Forsale by all dealers.Special Prices ForBeef Hides UntilFurther NoticeWe payl21-2c for greenbeef hides. Call us upor bring it to our place.v MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYCall East Tenn. Phone 374Special RatesLow Round Trip Homeseek-ers TicketsTo points in Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Arizona, Arkansas,Missouri, New t Mexico, Oklahoma,Texas and Kansas on sale first andthird Tuesday of each month, returnlimit 25 days' from date of sale.Round trip Winter Tourist iickets toall principal winter resorts in theSouth on sale Oct 15th to f pril ?"th,1913, final return limit May 3lst, li13.For further information, apply toWH. HARRIS, Agent,J. K. SMITH, T. A.New Art Store!Ihave opened an ArtStore next to Mrs. M. A.Paton. New and freshstock of all kinds offancy workEmbroidery,Pillow Cases,Towels,Underwear,Waists, Etc.Novelties of all KindsStamping Done on ShortNotice Everythingguaranteed to be theD6St. .......lifts. W. . Board'?,'&&'' S3?5P?f,fe5SaSi IITheredf -ess S?v,?.:cforthis genuineVictor-VictrolaV ' --SyrV ii's no reason why vou should l-irirn,-another moment in placing this Prcntff of nlmusical instruments in your home.The price is easily within rc?cL ": he :r.-trment is a perpetual joy.Come in and hear it r,c ,b -;.'- -n'- -t co wmiuui Ulie.W i,'. . -1 r . .yener styles ottne VictoiVictors $10 to $100. Tern h vTsc.ic:a:-iS to $200.uAGED PEOPLEcannot properly masticate solidfoods and digestion is oftenupset they do not receive theneeded nourishment to makestrength and preserve health, butif aged people everywhere couldonly realize the strength-sustainingnourishment in Scott 8Emulsion they would take it afterevery meal.It possesses the nourishing elements of cod liver oil, the vitalpowers of the hypophosphites oflime and soda and the curativequalities of glycerine, all so perfectlycombined that nature immediatelyappropriates them to createstrength nourish the organs andbuild the body. It relieves rheumatism and ailments due to decliningyears. It adds to the span of life.Refuse substitutes for SCOTT'S.Scott & Bowne, Bloomfield, N. J. 12-63Seldom.People who talk merely for the purpose of attracting attention to themselves seldom get the kind of attention that is worth anything.Lard SpecialTry a Bucket of Our OpenKettle Rendered Lard. Guaranteed to be the Best LardMade.50-lb. Can $7.0010-lb. Bucket.. 1.505-lb. Bucket.. .753-lb. Bucket., .45New Fall Suits ArrivingDailyw'PHlb JSCMLOSS SXOS S CO I i.,n Wk,4t 3rieCUesHktr f V." Ufc '' Witam . Trtl -I,Schfoss Bros.. & Co.,Baltimore, Md.,Hand Made SuitsAre Mere DirectFrom The TailorsHands.We are showing the new Plum,1Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 125;All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . . .10, $12.50 and 115.Ourl Fall Lire of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes andTiwn Bros., Special Shces are arriving daily.The shewing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, cur prices are morereasonable than elsewhere, vTWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstein, Proprietor.rCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.Both Phones 442IGolden EagleSausageThe Best ont Earth;Baldwin Bros. iL,We Want Ybur Trade on the Merits of Our Goods.Everything We Sell is Guaranteed.Our accommodations are the best in town -Anew Auto Delivery, Polite'IAttention andAlways a Special Effort to Please : : : :A Few Things Others Haven't Might Interest You:Cream Flour, French! Bread, I Golden SunCoffee, Sweet-Orr Overalls, American BeautyCorsets, Royal Tailoring and manylothersltoonumerous to mention. Give us a trial.Yours for morejjbusiness.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainJr. -7sx zrzxrn ?d vtzrs va&eJjrAisf'V V; ar"" '" M 9 jP&AZr2K f : FI7ANDERS C0JIJLl.,L4RlliJUHJVictor-VictfolatSMSMSSsmmsmBtmmsmmmmssmmmmBmimmmamasmmmimmmimmmmmimmDACGHERTY BROS.nDew Goal LJard1miz-Yt?2&-sS3to mmrsriU-ss"' 1 -1xitoinobiios EMt.xBtdo jWlodeCs TjYou Want the BestNot the Cheapest?) .fi -jTi- -aTFlar.dci3 "20" Roadster, $750Have opened a Coal Yard at the" DowRich Mountain Coal IKentucky Jem CoalLast longer and furnishes a greater amountof heat than other coals.C. R. TURNER,Opp. Hotel Windsor Dow Building E. T. Phone 58, f)XDon't be a!arn:ed if son:ebodyttc!l3 ycu you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders " 20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders-"20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital-point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see. fThe Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marvel a high grade modem carat a low price. If you pay less 3 ou buy much less. And the cheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long ran. The competing car isn tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won tbuild a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker" means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthisthe Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other carunder $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.We ccn prove itScndfcr ncv) catalogueThe Studebaker Corporation -Derci - r.!:ch.Fcmliflii Gaisge & Supply Company.ft&S- ''&-&i &fk&:c "vft:-&. X"V. w - -, : - .i,THE" BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KY;r DECEMBER .3, 4912'!'MfMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Miss Jennie Evans, of Flemingsburg,is the guest of her niece, Mrs. AshbyLeer.Mrs. Ed Wilson and children returned yesterday to her home in Newportaftre a visit to her mother, Mrs. JesseLetton.The Thanksgiving services wereheld at the Methodist church Thursday at 10:30 a. m.. and were conducted by Rev. J. D. Redd.There will be a junior recital at M.F. C. '.Wednesday aftsrnoor. at tnreeo'clock. All friends and patrons ofthe institution are invited to be present. Mr. G. T. Cooper, of Shelbyville,Ind., arrived yesterday to assist. Mr.C. B. Bastin in the reconstruction ofthe lines ot the Bourbon Home Telephone Company in this city.Miss Frances Burroughs entertainedFriday afternoon from 1 :30 to 3 witha sewing party, the.occasion being tomeet Mrs J. H. Burroughs and MissNora Rucker, the latter of Cincinnati.Mr. Spencer Best, of San Francisco,Gal., who has been at the bedside ;,ofiiis mother, Mrs. Sallie Best, for several weeks, left Sunday for a few daysvisit to his brother, Dr. I. D. Best,of Cynthiana.The Little Mission Band of theChristian church gave a beautiful entertainment at the church Sundayevening. Agood audience attended, jA collection was taken attheclosereal-of the exercises and a neat sumized.The butchering of turkeys was resumed here Friday and a number arebeing brought in daily. Judge T. PWaddell, representing Brent & Bro.,of Paris, was in Bath county fromSaturday until Monday, making arrangements with buyers for a largenumber from that county.Miss Esther K. Nell, instructor instringed instruments at M. F. C. and'MiisBlair, instiuctor m voice, gave arecital Thanksgiving night at Car-jlisle. They were assisted by the Carlisle orchestra, which is being trainedby Miss Nell. An interesting program was rendered.The many friends of Miss JennieMarie Pepper willjearn with pleasurethat she was one cf the prominentcharacters in an Indian play given bythe Schuster School of j&xpressson atthe Cincinnati Grard Opera HousePriday aftenoon tor the benefit of MeChildren's Chanties. Miss Pepper wasa graduate in dramatic art at MFC.last year.The remains'of Mr. John Larue, whodied at his home at Shawhan Tuesdayafternoon, was interred in the Millersburg cemetery Friday afternoon.The floral tributes w ere numerous andbeautiful. Mr. Larue was one of themost popular men in Bourbon countyand a large number of friends iromACavsville, Mayslick, Cynthiana,Pans, Lexington and Winchester followed his remains to their last restingplace.Mrs. Margaret Mitchell, who hasbeen among the Eick for several diiyswas taken to St. Joseph Hospital, Ltx-HolidayAnnouncementsWe are prepared to invite your inspection of ourcomplete Holiday Stock. A stock that has been selected with extreme care with regard to Design, Durabilityand Finish from the best factories in the JewelryMarket.You will find here all the latest novelties inGold, Silver andLeather Goodsat the most reasonable prices. We desire most urgently to impress upon you the necessity for EARLYSHOPPING.You will not only avoid the late rush, but will havethe advantage of being better served and of lookingover a complete assortment before the goods are pickedover-A Word to the Wise is vSufficientAny article purchased now will be stored untilChristmas in our Fire-Proof Vault.Shire & FithianJ5. Tenn. Phone 287 Home Phone 130 .ington, by Dr. Smith for treatment.An operation may be necessary.Full line of tarpaulina. Prices rjght.Call and see us.MILLERSBURG COAL & LUMBERCO. 2t! Miss Belle Taylor Judy, who is visiting relatives in Lexington, was entertained with a box party at the Lexington Opera House last night to see"Freckle's."Owing to a rnJing of theBankCommissioner at Frankfort we are compelled to stopoverchecking. We ask ourfriends to assist us.Respectfully,EXCHANGE BANK,Millersburg.FARMERS' BANK,Millersburg.Mrs. Mary Doty Payne, aged 69,died at her home Friday at 2:30 p. m.,after an illness of ten weeks of paralysis. She is the widow of the lateJesse Payne, a prominent carpenterand builder. Her entire life has beenspent in and around Millersburg. Earlyin life she was married to Mr. JessePayne and to this union three childrenwere born Mis. Joseph Insko, withwhom Mrs. Payne resided, being theonly surviving child. She leaves twograndchildren, Lee and Howard Insko,also four sisters, Mrs. P. L. Dimmitt.Mrs. Lewis Merrimee, both of Millers-burg. Mrs. James Tate, of Shawhan.and Mrs. Fred Smelly, of Maysville,and three brothers, James Doty, ofParis, Richard Doty, of Shawhan, andNoah Doty, of Millersburg. Thefuneral will take place Sunday fromher late home. Eev. Dr. C. C. Fisherwill officiate. Interment in Millers-burg cemetery.Furniture; Carpets, Etc,See thn new furniture, carpets, rugsand pictures that we are receivingdaily. We can make a wonderfulchange in the home for a little moneySec us before nnrp.hnqintrJ. T. HINTON.Suitable Holiday Gifts. 'Elegant line of '.novelties just received. Most suitable gifts. Musicrolls, leather bridee sets, hasty note'pads in leathei, just the tning !to slipin your traveling bag. Crane's handsome box paper.26 tf PARIS BOOK CO.Appointed Postmaster)Mr. Harold JSnell. has been appointed postmaster at Hutchison, tpfill the vacancy occasioned bv the resignation of Mr. J. W. Lynch. Mr.Lynch, who has been acting as postmaster, was connected wilh the general store of Lynch & Wiggins, atHutchison, and the firm recently disnosed of ita business to Mr. Snell.Retiring from ne business Mr. Lynchresigned the postmastership.Special,1" "dips'- desks in mahogany, oak orwaijt for Chnstmas'presents.tf A.F. WHEELER & CO..i::RELIGIOUS.Sunday was observed as C. W. B.M. day in the Paris Christian church,the pastor. Rev. W. E. Ellis, preaching an eloquent sermon on the subject 'of missions and a floral nflrprintr jq imade to the cause. Elder Ellis hasaccepted an invitation to preach forthe C. W. B. M. at Danville next Sunday and the pulpit'of the Pans churchwill be occupied by Elder H. C. Garrison, pastor of the Danville church.Rugs.Read these rugChristmas gifts.bargains.Elegant9x12 rug 12.75.36x72 rug $4.00.27x54 rug 2.25.tt A. F. WHEELER & CO.. Ocean Bound Sold.Ocean Bound, the good race marebelonging to Clay Bros., of this county, has been sold to J. E. Widener, ofPhiladelphia. Pa. She will be shippedfrom the Kentucky Association 'trackat Lexington, where she is quarteredwith the Clay string, Wednesday, andwill go to France. The price obtainedfor the mare was not stated.Wall Paper.The largest and best stock of wallpaper in Central Kentucky to selectfrom, ranging in price from the cheapest to the handsomest that can be hadany place. Expert decorators thatwill give satisfaction. Work guaranteed. J. T. HINTON.An Unusual Chance.Ladies tailored suits. $25 quality at$15.SIMON DEPT. STORE.For the Holiday Trade.Pictures of every description, handsomely framed, leather goods in thelatest novelties. Copyright books,latest fiction, 50 cents. Games forthe children as well as the grown udfolks.26 tf PARIS BOOK CO.Tickets Now On Sale.Tickets for the performance of'"Mr.Bob" at the Grand Opera House Thursday, Nov. 5, are now on sale.Rhodes Scholarship.lhe result of the examination ofyoung men for the Rhodes' scholarshipto Oxford Univeristy, Enland, held inthe early Dart of October, have beenreceived by President Arthur Y eager,of Georgetown College, chairman ofthe committee to select a man to holdthe scholarship and shows that the following threelyoung men passed tht exanimation successfully:Thomas H. Jones, of Georgetown,member senior class Georgetown college H. S. Hilley, of Ackworth, Ga.,and Curl D. Kelly, of Georgetown.Ind., members of senior class at Transylvania University.The meeting of the committee to select one of these three to go to Oxfordnet October will be held in Decemberbefore the holidavs.John fowler Shot by ThomasCraven.As the result of a difficulty whichtook place in the office of the liverystable of George Rose on Main streetSaturday night about 8:30 o'clock,John Fowler, a blacksmith of Clintonville, was shot and probably fatallywounded by Thomas Craven, a nightwatchman, and formerly a special poice on the Paris force. One shot wasfired which took effect in Fowler's abdomen, inflicting what may prove tobe a fatal wound.The shooting, it is said, was the outcome of a practical joke, which it issaid was played at the expense ofFowler, who took Craven to taskabout the matter, and when the latteris alleged to have drawn his revolverand fired.According to statements that weremade after the shcoting, Fowler cameto town two weeks ago having in hispossession a quantity of sorghum molasses. He put his horse and vehicleup at the stable of Mr. Rose, after deivenng to several purchasers a largeportion of the molasses, leaving twohalf gallon buckets in his buggy.It is said that the molasses were removed from the buggy by Craven andanother man as a joke Saturday night.Fowler went into the livery stable andrinding Craven there, accused him oftaking his property. An argumentensued in which, it is said harsh wordswere used, ending in Graven drawinghis revolver and firing .a bullet intoFowler's body There were severalmen in the office at the time of theshooting, all of whom were eyewitnesses to the affair. Conflicting reports as to the cause of the shootingwere circulated but those who actuallywitnessed the tragedv decline to discuss the shooting. One story is to theeffect that Fowler drew a knife andstarted toward Craven who, in defenseof his life, fired the shot. Craven, itis said, exhibited his coat, which wascut in several places.According to another report Fowlerdid not have a knife of any description in his possession, and that hemade no effort to draw a weapon.Following the shooting Fowler wastaken to the office of Dr. J. T. Brown,where a cursory examination wasmade, and which disclosed a dangerouswound in the abdomen. He was placed in an automobile and taken to bt,Joseph's Hoapital. in Lexington, byMr. Wm. Giltner, of the Bourbon Garage. The injured man arrived at the institution shortly after nine o'clock,where an examination was made bvDrs. David and Woolfolk Barrow.The examination showed that the bullet had perforated the bowels thirteentimes. An operation, was performedpromptly and six inches of the bowelsthrough which the bullet had plowedits wav were removed. Mr. Fowlerwas conscious until after the operationwas over. Yesterday it was reportedfrom the hospital that he was restingwell, but it is considered the chancesfor his recovery are very slight.After the shooting Craven walked tothe corner of Eighth street, where hesurrendered to Patrolman Frea Link,who placed him under arrest. He wastaken before Judcre E. B. January andhis bond was fixed at $500, which hefurnished with Jack Woods as surety.The injured man is a blacksmith,residing in the Clintonville neighborhood, where he has conducted a shoplor a number of years at Fowler'scross roads.Mr. Fowler is a son of Mr. AaronFowler, who for a number of yearsconducted the blacksmith shop whichwas handed down to his son. The elder Fowler is in his eightieth year.His mother, Mrs. Eliza Fowler, andtwo brothers, Ben and Steve Fowler,went to Lexington Saturday night tobe with the injured son and brother.Mr. Fowler is a cousin of J. W. Fowler, of this city.Arriving Daily.Novelties of every description arriving daily for the holiday trade. Games,pictures, leather goods, copyrightbooks at 50 cents, fancy baskets atall prices, Indian goods 'direct from alarge Indian reservation. Everything in stock that would make a suitab.e holiday gift. See.us before buying. 26 tf PARIS BOOK CO.TURKEYSBring in your turkeys. Wcare now killing for Christmasmarket.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Bullet Removed.Miss Mabel Dunn, the young womanwho was Bhot on Hallowe'en night inMason county with a crowd of societyfolk from Maysville who were enjoying a coon hunt, has recovered sufficiently to be removed to her home inNoblevsille. Ind. The bullet, whichentered Miss Dunn's back, went clearthrough her body, and was located bythe young woman after several attempts had been made with an Xrav.It had lodged under the I skin near theright breast. Miss Dunn bravelywatched the physician as he made theincision in tne skin, taking out themissile which nearly cost her life.An Unusual Chance.Ladies' tailored suits, S25 quality at$15.SIMON DEPT. STORE."Mr. Bob" Thursday Night.Everyone should attend "Mr. Bob"at the Grand ODera House Thursday'nignt. Nov. 5. Tickets now on sale.'ExParisian May Buy Gi&nts.News which is current in New Yorkis to the effect that the New YorkNational Base Ball Glub may be soldby the heirs of the late John T. BrushIt is stated upon reliable informationthat Edward A. Tipton, a former resident of Paris, and a brother of Mrs.D. C. Parrish and M-iss Maria Tipton,nf this city, and a well known horseman, has about closed negotiations forthe purchase of the club A certainsum has been offered the heirs ofBrush for the club. C. K. G. Billings,the millionaire horseman, is said to beassociated with Mr. Tipton in his endeavor to purchase the club.rSpecial Jfeouse-WiiPropositionFor the Next Thirty Days we willWire YourELECTRICITY!AT COSTOn The Easy Payment Plan.For further particulars call atour office or call either Phone 221and our Commercial Representative will call on you with full information. Paris Gas & Electric Co.IncorporatedBooster For Paris."LAttractive. Sfvn si hip, Iand Popular Christmas Presents at Pri-I ces Within Reach of JI Below we enumerate a few of II the bargains that can be selectedfrom a tremendous assortment of 1I Cut Glass, Hand-Painted China, II Brass Baskets and Jardiniers:Cut Tumblers, many new cuttings 50c BStrictly iiana-ramtea natesLarge 10-in. Footed Jardiniers15-in Brass Flower BasketsFerns and RosesSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.There are claims pending for over600 for aheeplkilled in Hath county.S. M. Gibson, of Jessamine county, sold to E. F. Spears & Sons, a carload of hemp seed at $2.50 pei bushel.The grain was shipped last week.Dogs raided a flock of ewes andlambs belonging to Mock Nichols inMercer county and killed or injuredabout 25, which their owner valued at$7 each.S. P. Rogers has sold the tobaccogrown on his Nicholas county landsthis season amounting to thirty orforty thousand pounds to H. N. Rankin, of Carlisle, at eleven cents straightto be delivered as soon as stripped.Bath county is experiencing one ofthe worst drouths in its history.Creeks, pools, ponds, wells and cisterns are all going 'dry. A greatmany people are out of water, bothfor stock and drinking purposes. Manyare hauling it in barrels from creeksquite a distance away.Leaf tobacco held by dealers andmanufacture other than original owners on Oct. 1 amounted to 1,047,404,560pounds, the census bureau Thursdayannounced in making the first reportunder the law enacted April 6 last.Of this total 916,732.009 pounds wereunstemmei and 130.672,551 poundswere unstemmed.A number of mule sales in Bathcounty in the past few days are'as follows: S. S. Ralls sold to Hord Armstrong, of Flemingsburg, twentyyearling mules at $140 per head; R.N. Katliff sold to the Pulaski MuleCompany, of Tennessee, twenty-eightyearling mules at $150 per head ; W.L. Evans sold to the same conmanyeight of the highest priced yearlingmules thai were ever sold in that aection, the price paid being S180 perhead. The company refused $500 fora pair out of this last mentionedbunch.The public sale ofstock, crop andfarming imolements belonging to theestate of the late J. H. Hopkins washeld at. Little Reck Friday afternoon.A gojd sized crowd was in attendanceand everything offered brought goodprices. The sale was made by H. C.awiiringHouse for50c$ 1 .25$ 1 .255c and 1 OcHopkins, administrator of the estate:and was conducted by Col. JGeo. D.Speakes, of this cityi who made thefollowing report: Six hundred headof sheep from S4.50 to $5.75 each ;shoats, $5.50 each ; 2 sows, $17. bO each ;200 pound hogs, $13 05 each ; 20 head ofyearling cattle, $17.50 per head; Jersey cow. $47.50; 4 heifers, S39 ieach ;one two year old gelding, $100; one 6year old mare, $117.50 ; one yearlingfilly, $75 : one 3 year old mare, S90 ;one pair two year old draft colts, $295 ;.one gray mare. $42.50; corn in thefield. $2 per barrel ; 4,000 pounds of tobacco sold for $12 per hundred pounds.The farm belonging to A. J. Skillman, of this city, and D. D. Renaker.of Harrison county, containing 185acres, was offered at public sale lastWednesday, but after being bid to SS9'per acre was withdrawn.George Current, of Kiserton, soldSaturday to George Ellis, of Paris,his crop of tobacco from 4 acres ofground at 15 cents straight. The cropwill average about 1200 Dounds peracre.Unseasonable weather is retardingthe sale of tobacco in this county and.owing to the fact that the farmers areunable to get their tobacco in case inorder to deliver it to the loose leafwarehouses, where sales are beingmade daily, there is being much ofthe crop of this county disposed of inthe barns. It is said that severalhundred thousand pound? of tobaccohas been sold in Bourbon county within the past few days at prices rangingfrom 11 to 15 cents per Doutid. Wm.Dudley, of Carlisle, a buyer for theAmencanTobacco Co., has been buying steadily in this county and it 13said that his purchases are larger thanthose of any other buyer in the field.Among the purchases made by Air.Dudley are the following : From BenF. Skillman, 12,000 pounds atl4 cents;Yancey Laughlin, 10,000 pounds at 14cents ; Resin Palmer, 5,000 pounds at12 1-2 cents ; E. B. Allen, 8.000 poundsat 12 1-2 cents: S. D. Patrick & Son.6.000Jpound3 at 1212 cents; J. WRice, 20,000 Dounds, at 12 1-2 cents ;T. C. Johnson, 8,000 nounds tat 12 1-2cents ; F. W. Collier. 8.000 pound at12 1-2 cent; T. C. Johnson, 8.0COpounriat 12 1-2 cents: Clay Gaitskill,15.000 pounds at 13 1-2 cert ; C. C.Clarke, 15,000 prund at 12 1 2 cent.Ji-. -v -;iPKV- I,h.4&.'lVcXs&- '&-yjr"3"-v-.s -Si-VVc4-' 2. r -.XflB BOURBON NEWS.fefctfrk.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTor rvi'PVTw!'An Unusual Chance.Ladies' tailored suits. $25 quality atU' SIMON DEPT. STORK.Men's Gift Jewelry. 'A beautiful line of the things a manmot likes. 50 cents to S3.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Negro Fined.Bud Scott, colored, of Scott county,a as fined $15 and costs by Squire J. J.Kedmon at North Middlttown Friday.Ihe negro was arrested on a charge ofbreach ot thu peace.An Unusual Chance.Ladies' tailored suits, $25 quality at$15.SIMUN DEPT. STOREAlumni Defeated.The foot ball team of the Paris HighSchool defeated the team composed ofthe alumni of the school at White ParkFridav afternoon by a score of 110 toiBanquet ToNight.The 1 cal nest of the,Order of "OwlsTrill eh . a banquet at the K. of P. halltonight. Dr. A. H. Keller, a prominent n imber of the order, will act astoastn ister. An excellent programhas been arranged.An Unusual Chance.Ladies' tailored suits, $25 quality at$15.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Chinchilla Overcoats.A very pcpular style made withshawl, a convertible collar and beltedhack. S22.50 to $35.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Unimproved Land Sold.Harris & Speakes sold Saturday afarm belonging to Mr. John Allen nearMoorefield, containing 233 acres ofunimproved land to Wm. Ledf ord, ofMooreheld, and Ollie Kerns, cf, arlisle, at $91.95 per acre. Judges oftenpronounced this to be an excellentpiece of land and the sale was a goodone.A Gilt for Him or Her.I A traveling bag or suit case. Wehavp a beautiful line sneciallv priced,5 to $25.J. W. DAVIS & CO.None Better.Get a pair of our Eclipse Shoes,none better,tf FELUS' SHOE STORE.Engine Agjin In Commission.Louisville and Nashville passengerengine No. 156, which was badly damaged in the wreck ot the passenger itrain No. 32 on November 8, near this 'city, was again placed in commission JSaturday on this division of the rnad.After the wrecked engine was raisedit was sent to the Louisville shops ofthe road where it underwent extensive repairs. It was in the shop nineteen days and was out of comn.issiontwenty-one days.for Tarpaulins, sec i. J. Ellisat Cook's Grocery. T-ttCoffee! Coffee! Coffee!T It's high and going higher evtryday,'. but we have too much.35 cent crade at 30 cents.50 cent vrrade. at 27 1-2 cents.25 cent grade at 23 cents.C. P. COOK & CO.Public sale of 150 acresimproved land near Clinionville, Saturday, Dec. 7.H. V. THOMPSON,2t Winchester, Ky.Nets Destroyed.That the officials of this county intend to enforce the fish and game lawsof the State without fear or lavor wasdemonstrated Friday afternoon whenGeorge Small, of near Ruddles Millsarrested on a charcu of violating thefishing laws was fined $25 and costs inthe Circuit Court. t Small was arrestedby Game Warden James Gibson, ofNorth Middletown, and an outfit consisting of one seine, trammel net, dragnet, and three gigs were confiscated.By order of the court the nets and gigswere destroyed.TURKEYS.Bring in your turkeys. Weare now killing for Christmasmarket.CHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.Gold Medal Poultry Feedis made of seed wheat, seed rye. No.2 cracked corn, oats and barley, hemuand sunflower bed and 1 per cent grit.It is for sale bv all uo to date grocers.Eventually you will feed it. Why notnow?Attention Tobacco Growers.ir''rWhen in to sell your tobacco remember we serve lunch at all hours. Openday and night. Nice clean rooms atreasonable prices. In rear of BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co.3 2t S. M. TURPIN.TURKEYS.Bring in your turkeys. Weare now killing for ChristmasmarketCHAS. S. BRENT & BRO.. PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. P. J. Millett was a visitor inPans yesterday.Mr. E. R. Allen, of Winchester.was a visitor in Paris yesterday.Mr. Charles Dickerson has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Falmouth.Miss Mary Gooch, oflthis city, is aguest of Mrs .Wenfrey Duncan, inStanford.Miss Georeia Lackey, of Richmond,is the guest of Mrs. Thos. Best on Cypress street.Mr. and Mrs. G . N. Mckenneyhave returned from a visit to relativesnear Brooksville.' Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Terrill havereturned from a visit to relatives inWashington and Virginia.Mrs. Richard Welliing was theguest last week of her parents, Mr.and Mrs. H. Heurkamp, at Cvnthiana.Mrs. Sophia Wornall, of Oakland,Cal., is the guest of Mrs. Ossian Edwards and other friends in this city.Mr. Francis Cheek, who has beenvisiting relatives in this city, has returned to bis home in Danville.Mrs. Samuel Biggs and children,of Charleston, W. Va . are guests ofher parents. Mr. and Mrs. E. B.Hedges.I Misses Margaret Toohey and Bernadena Flanagan of this city, areguests of Mr. and Mrs, C. Flanaganin Maysville.Miss Laura Perry Davis, of Cov.ington, who has been the guest of MissElizabeth Stewart Carter, returedhome Sunday.Mayor J. T. Hinton, who has" beensuffering for the past week with asprained ankle, has sufficiently recovered to be out.Rev. Father Eugene DeBruvnand Mr. Rudolph Davis left tSundavnight for Fariston, ,Laurel county,for a few days' hunt.Mr. and Mrs. James Conway, ofMonroe, Mo., are guests of the former's parents, Mr. and Mrs.fJohn Conway at Ruddles Mills.Mrs. W.iC Ussery and daughter.Miss Martha Waller, have returned totheir home in Cincinnati after la visitto relatives in this city.Miss Mary Goodloe Leonard, ofLexington, was the guest of MissElizabeth Steele 'in this citv Fridaynight for the German.The Young Ladies Mission Circleof the Christian church will meet thisafternoon at the home or Mrs. W. E.Ellis on Twelfth street.Mrs. Steele Marsh and Miss gNellie Marsh will entertain ;,with a sewing party Wednesday at 'the home ofthe latter on the Maysville pike.Mr. and Mrs. Milton C. Browning,who have been the guests of the former's sister, Miss Carrie Frank, inthi? city, left Sunday for their homein Columbus, O.Mr. Davis Hutchcraft, of thereportorial staff of the Louisville Courier-Journal,was a visitor in Parisyesterday, the guest of his parents,Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Hutchcraft.Mrs. E. F. Spears and daughters,Mr. Woodford Spears and MissesLkz'eth and Mayme Spears and son,Mr. Ktith SDears will leave Wednes-sjy for Eustis, Fla., where thej willspend the winter.Miss'Rena Owens, who was calledto Lake City, Fla., last week on account of the illnesa of her uncle, Mr.George Turner, returned home Sundaynight, accompanied by her uncle, whowill spend the winter here. Mr. Turner, who is aged 67 years, has been illfor several weeks.Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Kenneyhave returned from Fariston, Laurelcounty, where he former enjoyed aten days' hunt. Mr. Kenney reportedthe game plentiful in some sections ofthe mountain district and during hisstay there he and other members ofthe party bagged more than two hundred quail.Messrs. C. C. Clark, CatesbyWoodford, Jr., Redmon Talbott, LouisRogers and H. C. Caywood left yesterday "afternoon to attend Jthe ijvestock show at Chicago. They werejoined here by Robert Gatewood andMonte Fox, of Danville, who will alsotake in the show.The Parboken Club entertainedwith an elaborate turkey banquet inthe dining room of the Windsor Hotel,the occasion being the first annualgathering of the members in the banquet hall. An elaborate menu waswtvpi the members of the club,Mest-is. Fay Ardeiy, Bennett Thomas,Harry B. Fithian, Owen Gibson, BlairVarden, Ireland Davis. Wallace Claikand the invited guests, Messrs. Tins-ley. R. B. Moss, George R. Davis,Davis Weeks and Dr. A. H. Keller.The banquet was thoroughly enjoyedby all present.The'Loan Art Exhibit of the D.A. R.. will begin in Lexington todayat the Phoenix Hotel. Anions the exhibits willlte a white platter and someplates of which the Lexington Leaderstys: "Among the pieces of historicrhinn are a blue and white' nlatter andsome plates. The platter was broughtfrom Virginia a hundred years agobyJVlrs. William McCreaiy Kenney,of Bourbon county. Mrs. Kenneywas Ann Smith; her father owned aplantation adjoining Monticello. Sheused to entertain her children tellingof the ball at Monticello, which sheorjened with Thomas Jefferson. Theplates were.brougbt from England . ahundred years ago by the ancestors ofMihs Whilmore, the present owner." The Young Ladies German Clubenerained with a brilliant cotillon atElks Hall Friday evening. The hallwas attractively decorated for theoccasion. Southern smilax festoonedthe chandeliers, window casing anddoorways and the balcony where themusicians were stationed was bankedwith graceful ferns.Z Mr. Wm. Taylor and Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft led the first halfof the german while the second halfwas led by Mr. Charlton Clay andMiss Eliazbeth Steele.A number of beautiful figures wereintroduced among them being the Iioodfigure, all attractively arranhged .andcarried out most effectively. At intermission a lunch consisting ofsub atantials was served.Mrs. J. W. Payne hasfrom Maysville after a visitreturnedto Mrs.Wm. Rosster.Mr. John Kriener is confined tohis home on Twelfth street, suffer,ing from a severee illness.Mrs. Nannie Clark has returnedto her home in Maysville after avisit to her son, Mr. C. C. Clark,in this city.Attorney Ray Mann, of Louisville, is here on a visit to his mother,Mrs. Kate Mann and is attendingCircuit Court.Friends of Judge C. D. Webbwill be pleased to learn that yestredav there was reported a slightimprovement in his condition. JudgeWebn has been confined to his homefor several weeks.Circuit Court.There was no business of any importance transacted in circuit courtyesterday Alter the motion hourJudge Stout assigned for trial the appearance case of A. S. Strunk. agent,against the Paris Manufacturing Co.,whicn will come up for trial today.Court Day.December court day was one of thesmallest in many months only a smallcrowd being initown. The rain of Sungday night furnished a good tobaccoseason and the farmers were buBilyengaged in preparing their crops forthe market.Little business of any kind wastransacted during the day. Only 150head of cattle on the market, abouthalf of which sold at Drices rangingfrom 4 1-2 to 6 cents per pound. Caywood & McClintock sold to C. Woodford, Jr., 15 head of 950 pound cattleat 6 cents; Jonas Weil to S. G. Clay,30 950 pound cattle at 6 cents; MattLong & Bro.. to W. H. Whaley 15750 pound feeders at 4 1-2 cents. W.H. Whaley to Maurey Weil 10 750pound feeders at 4 3-4 cents. .There were only about twenty mulesoffered, a few of which changed hands.Caywood & McClintock bought sevenat prices ranging from $140 to $175 andsold two for $400.Small Blaze.A spark from the chimney ignitedthe roof of the residence of Mr. A. J.Winters near the corner of High andFifth streets Sunday afternoon. Theblaze was extinguished with the aidof chemical extinguishers and withbut little damage. .....fire, wind and lightning Insur-jance. Thomas & Woodford.Demonstrations Solicited.Being distributor for Bourboncounty of the celebrated Overland 1913model automobile, I respectfullv solicit demonstrations from prospectivebuyers of cars. The Overland is conceded to be one of the best cars on themarket. We have these cars on displayand a competent chauffeur to demonstrate them to you. Call and inspectthe 1913 5 passenger car we are sellingfor $985. This car is fully equipped.Read the advertisement on Dage 1of this issue of the Bourbon News.M. J. LAVIN,Distributor for Bourbon County."Big Metal Shingle Business.The Cortrieht Metal Roofing Company, of Philadelphia. Pa., whose advertisements of Cortright Metal Shingles 'have been running regularly inthe Bourbon News for nearly a yearpast, advise us that 1912 will show animmense volume of business in theirline. It is gratifying to carry the advertising of so prosperous and successful a concern and to feel that theNews has had some part in creatingsuch success. Any of our readers interested in roofing should call UDon thecompany's representatives, Miller &Best, Millersburg, Ky.MATRIMONIAL.K1CHIE-GAUNCE.Gratto Gauce and Miss SturgillMr.Richie, both of theJClintoville precinct,were uited in marriage yesterday afteroo at the court house Squire L. J. Fret-well officiating.Lodge News.All members of the Eastern Star arerequested to be present at the meetingof the chapter this afternoon at 2:30o'clock as there will be an election ofofficers.Paris" Lodge No. 1163 Loyal Orderof Moose, will meet tomorrow evening,December 4. in K. of P. hall at eighto'clock sharp. All members are requested to be piesent.At the meeting of Rathbone LodgeNo. 23 Knights of Pythias, the following officers were elected fur the ensuing year: Past Chancellor Commander, Thoraas McDonald; ChancellorCommander, jH. V. Craigmyle: ViceChancellor, Ira Bowen ; Prelate, J.J. McCarty; Master of Work, T. A.McDonald ; Keeper of Record and Seal,P. J. McCord; Master of Exchequer,E. B January ; Master of Finance,P. j. McCord; Master at Arms, F. BThomas: Inner Guard, C. H. Shaw;Outer Guard, W. W. Dudley ; Truster,L. Wollstem. The installation of theofficers will take place the first meeting in January.Insure' with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfPumpkins are splendid hog feed.Judging from the analysis alone wewould say that seven Dounds of numn-kins should take the place of onepound of corn. In practical experiments. however,it has been found thatthree pounds of pumpkins, when fedin connection with other grain, havethe same value as one pound of corn.We certainly would not cook uumpkinsfor hogs. A number of experimentsindicate that the labor of cooking isnot paid for by the increased palatability ot the pumpkins.BUTLER'S!!We Are NowReady to ShowAs Pretty andUseful a Lot ofChristmasGoodsAs were EverBrought to Paris.Our Prices AreWithin Reachof AnyPurseBUTLER'SWILSON'S OLD STAND,Opp. , Court House,Paris, KentuckyPublic Sale.Saturday, December 7, 1912,at 2 o'clock, I will sell my householdand kitchen furniture, consisting ofKitchen stove and gas stove.Folding Bed,Carpets,Curtains,Chairs, etc.MISS ANNIE M. WRIGHT.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.If You Want aGood SteakorRoastOrder Some of That HomeKilled Meats fromliar?9The Butcher.Paris Grand.Friday,December6Mr. Ben Carter Presents the Brightest and Funniest of All Irish Comedies, in Three Acts,"The Irish Dippsr"Interpreted by the Eminent YoungIrish Character Comedian,Russell Garnerand. a carefully selected Company ofMerry Makers m a program of Hilarious Jb un irom Start to Finish.12 Big Singing and Dancing MusicalNumbers.Irish Comedians, Irish Singers andDancers, Irish Comedy, "Unsurpassedfor real Irish wit and humor.Prices: 25-35-50C.Seats now on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore's.GETChristmas is OnlyWe Have Prepared Heavily on All Novelties andArt Materials to .be Made Up.Our Art Goods Department is Immense:Stamped Towels, Gowns, Corset Covers, Etc,Pillow Tops and Cords, Huck Towlings, Art Linensand Crashes. Slipper Soles and Yarns,Sewing Bag and Basket Accessories in Sweet Grass,Etc., Art Denims, Flosses forEmbroidery, Crochet, Etc.SPECIAL100 Pieces 50c Fancy Ribbon forFancy Work, only- 25c yard.Come Look Them Over.W. ED. TUCKER.irCAKESWe expect to make this the banner week inour Cake department, and have an assortmentof Cakes to make it so.Stone's Rice Fruit Cakes, madeespecially for Thanksgiving andHoliday trade, 30c each.STONE'SSilver Slice, a white cake 1 0cMephisto, a Devil's Food Cake 1 OcGolden Sunbeam, a rich yellow cake 1 OcCreole Fruit, a special raisin cake 1 5cStone's Cakes are baked in a sanitary bakerythat is always open to public inspection. Theyare made from the best of butter and fresheggs; Just as good, just as pure as mothermakes them, without the trouble.PE3E'S'The Home of Good Things to Eat.IMMIMMIrrr : II A rrogressiveand SolidInstitutionWe Invite You to Open anAccount With Us.You Are Assured of FairTVputrnPTihLiberal Accommodations.3 per cent, on Time Deposits.Capital 100,000.00Bourbon Bank &m-..-j. 1HUM WJ.Surplus and Profits... 50,000.00Our Trust Departmentacts as Administrator, Ex-ecutor, Guardian or lrusteein all trust capacities.A safe and competentiiiofnrlinn nt irnit i-vvrk"rQYf IT"lCtKS GBSBHKBMB GMDNATIONAL .5c and 10c StoreOn SaleTuesday and WednesdayA' Large SizedTurkey Roasterat 10c eachComplete 20cSee Us For Bargainso end 10c StoreWatch OtarlWindows,National 5BUSY! jfFour Weeks Off.X5I"Yit" ft$15for this genuineVictor-VictrolaYes sir, a genuineVictor-Victrola for 15.Hardly seems possible,and yet this new instru-'ment embraces all thefundamental VictorVictrola principles.And the un equaledVictor-Victrola tonethat's the most importantthing of all.Come in today andhear it no obligation tobuy, but you won't wantto do without one.Other styles $25 to $250.Victors $10 to $100. Easy termsif desired.DaugbertyBros.HandPaintedChinaI will have an opening of hiudDainted china December 1 at the millinery store of rs Coma v. Fa?' . i'ouh?re cordially invited to a'terd. Buy'your holicay jreFents ely. Vi MRS. W. P. HOLj,4 -.?" "Vlf V l-,-- ?r --JVI aP rat xfwI JlOdl': tsW it g as -!fc 'JJ&CI&f I l B K" T- ; 1' WY ml ilSpw:IE... -".J. T. HINTONNO OTHER PLACE IN THIS CITYAffords the buyer greater opportunity for the exercise of individual choice in the selection of Holiday Gifts and the satisfactionof knowing that he will not be offered a substitute of any advertised article identified by the manufacturer's name., MANUFACTURERS OF HIGH-GRADE ARTICLES SEEKHIGH-GRADE REPRESENTATION.We are exclusive agents of the following well-known advertised lines, namely:SleWVrtncke "Elastic" Book Case.Jamestown Parlor and Library Easy Chairs and CuochesKindel Davenports, "Wonderfully Simple, "Simply Wonderful.Nappanee Kitchen Cabinets, Absolutely the Best Made.x Widdicomb Bed Room Furniture, Very Highest Quality. xStreit Slumber Chairs, the Best Present For "THE MAN.m ist at Kaltex Leather Upholstered Fiber Furniture jt m atm oe American Oriental Rugs, The Last Work in Rugs.. "C. & R." Cedar Chests and Matting Boxes. Bissells SweepersBurkhardt Desk Tables Bohn Siphon RefrigeratorsDon't Waste Your Money on Trash For Presents.Buy Some of the Above ArticlesBUY NOW! , ,.4liSliflaBPSSV- -JMr jfV - t i A3& X'UNmItem : BB' fS im "M. I199 nesxmni I. II! i m I II bI lm)mmmM 1 1 s 1THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; DECEMBER 3, 1912" - - -I"11IIIIIII1IIIiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiBFigure IVTTT IIii ii IIi r i illlu-T 11S I 1 ll. In Tm, 11: I lliu IIi lUit ill'I IDll isSflfI I T ft) "Tfii IL-hfmtIh IP!!The Lowest Prices Ever jGiven in This City!!Will Be Shown By Us InThis Sale, Which Will Last12 Days More Only, landContinue Until Deo. 14.We have only one sale a year, but worth while attending. The people that haveattended our safes know thatWe Do. Just As We Advertise!Those that do not know, will, of course, have to find out themselves, and there isonly one way and that is to give us a call. The invitation is for one and all, so comein and we will gladly show you the cleanest merchandise that money can purchase,for a whole lot less than you pay for shoddy goods people pick up for these specialsales they make so often.Goods will be sold just as quoted:Men's Sweaters, 50c value 25cMen's Sweaters, 7oc value 39cMen's Sweaters, $1 value 49cMen's Heavy Fleece Lined Underwear.. 37cMen's Black, Tan and Fancy Socks,4 pair for 25cMen's 50c and 75c Dress Shirts, straight. 37cMen's Odd Pants, $1.50 and $1.75value.89cMen's Odd Pants, $2 and $2.50value $ 1 .49Men's Suits, from $7.50 to $16.50value $4.98 to $9.98Men's Overcoats,from $5.49 to $9.98Men's Shoes, from.-..$1 .49 to $3.49Suit Cases, $1 to $1.50 value 79cLadies' Underwear 19cLadies' extra heavy Underwear 39cLadies' Shoes, $2.50 and $3 value,broken sizes $ 1 .OOChildren's Union Suits 1 9cIIIIBoy's heavy Suits, S2 and $2.50valueComforts, $1 and SI. 50 value.Blankets, $1 value$1.49....79c....69cAll kinds of Rubber goods at a great reduction. Don't fail to inspect thesegreat Bargains we offer . .. . .UJ. M. JOSSELSOIN,715-717 (Vlain Street, PARIS, KENTUCKYJmwm&sm aas tsm warn mammmmmm mam mmmmmmaananmmmmmmmmmammmammammmmmmBmuEaammxi'imaamcmmmeammmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmtmwmmmam&8z&wmmmmmwKmmwmmmmmmmmmmmwmwI C. 1C. M. CLAY, PresidentJ. A. LaRUE; Vice-PresidentJNO. T. COLLINS, Sec'y-TreasS. K. Nichols, General ManagerDIRECTORSC. M. Clay, H. S. Caywood, Ed Burke,Jno. T. Collins, R. M. Jacoby, W. M. RogersJ. A. LaRue, Lee Stephenson, S. K. NicholsiBourbon TobaccoWarehouse Co.IncorporatedWe Will Be Open For Business3Deoe:m."fcer 1, 1312.a. WE SOLICIT YOUR PATRONAGE-"We have positive assurance of buyers for the American Tobacco Co., the R. J. ReynoldsCo., Liggett & Myers, the Lorillard Co.. besides various independent and local buyers.These are assured facts, as the representatives of the Trust have arranged already forthe handling of their purchases.We will have an abundance of wagon room and free stabling of horses. Bring us yourtobacco; we guarantee you a square dealBourbon Tobacco Warehouse CompanyParis, KentuckyLHM OHMILUNG"After four in our family had diedof consumption 1 was taken witha fricrhrfnl p.mi&h and lunff trouble,but my life was saved and I gainedof pounus unougii UQU1&DR. KING'SNEWDISCOVERYW. E. Eatteraoo, Wellington, Tex.PRICE MC dttMAJ ALL WUHIWper UW.cent. $iooo to $100,000W. KING & SON,125 Cheapslcle, Lexington, Ky.B HOMEY IN THAWH. 4G&J"Wo tall yoa bow aci " 9frTCte 'Apaybeitprlres. WriU SJRfcTi Vf Afor wkly prtc IM fjPf,JSm2MM. SAIEL & SONS dtT??0MiffiUFin; FURS WRoxie" Davis iCbe Insurance flgeiuLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give OW "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137 ,9The Stoutwill find in the newRengo Belt Corseta garment that hasstrength, will supportthe figure whereneeded, give an erect,graceful carriage, anddo all this with perfectcomfort to the wearer.This corset has nofussy strappings lac-)ings or harness.I In fitting aRengo BeltCorsetdo not select a size that pinchesit is entirely unnecessary. 'Thereis a size just right for you, acorset that will give your figureei icily the correct proportions,perfect comfdrt, and a freedomg movement that assures anamount cf satisfaction you havenever tho'izht possible.J Double vatch-spring boning isused throughout and guaranteed not to rusfc.TffTrTTTIiT'TBWTT''irr' "TTTIIT ' Fu f rH1P'ITffIB!MlfT1"1'PRICES $2.00 to $3.00Sold byFRANK & CO.mumEnds Hunt lor Rich Girl.Often the hunt for a rich wife endswhen the man meets a woman thatuses Electric Bitters. Her strongnerves tell of a bright brain and eventemper. Her peach bloom complexionand ruby lips result from her pureblood; her bright eyes from restfulsleep; her elastic step from firm, freemuscles, all telling of the health andstrength Electric Bitters gives a woman, and the freedom from indigestion, backache, headache, fainting anddizzy spells they promote. Everywherethey are a woman's favorite remedy.If weak or ailing try them. 50 centsat Oberdorfer's.If you are troubled with chronicconstipation, the mild and gentle effectof Chamberlain's Tablets makes themespecially suited to your case For saleby all dealersMove on Nowsays a policeman to a street crowd,and whacks heads if it don't. "Moveong now,'- savs the big, harsh mineralpills to bowel congestion and sufferingfollows. Dr. King's New Lite Pillsdon't bulldoze the bowels. They gently persuade them to right action, anahealth follows. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Tough Plant.. The root of all evil seems to thrivein any soil. London Mail.You will find that druggists everywhere speak well of Chamberlain'sCough Kemedy. They know from longexperience in the sale of it that incases of coughs and colds it can alwaysbe depended upon, and that it is pleasant and safe to take. For sale by alldealers.mIfBenjaminFranklinWereAlivehe would like to knowour stove experts.Franklin perfected a heating stove that burned coal.Our manufacturers have perfected the Perfection Heater,which burns oil, the cheapestfuel in the world. OurRFJECTlO9nUlibLb99is the result of years of scientific study and experimentation. It is today the most efficient and yet the mosteconomical heating device obtainable.The Perfection Heater burns nine hours on onegallon of oil. A simple, automatic device preventssmoking. Easy to clean and re-wick. It is ornamental(nickel, trimmings, with plain steel or enameled turquoise-bluedrums). Inexpensive. Lasts for years.At Dealers EverywhereSTANDARD OIL COMPANYLrakrille, Ky. AfeUatav Gm. &BkniaskuB, Ala. JacksoaviBe, Fla.ifiBnlMr 19luV J8SEf.(lIOhDmMan Coughs and Breaks RibAfter a frightful coughing spell aman in Neenab, Wis., felt terriblepains in his side and his doctor foundtwo ribs had been broken. What agony Dr. Kin's New Discovery wouldhave saved him. A tew teaspoonfulsends a late cough, while persistent U3erouts obstinate coughs, expels stubborn colds or heals weak, sore lungs."I feel sure its a Godsend to humanity." writes Mrs. Effie Morton, Columbia, Mo., "for 1 believe I would havehad consumption today if I had notused this great remedy." Its guaranteed to satisfy, and you can get a freetrial bottle or 50 cent or $1 size at Oberdorfer's.h'cr Ready Refugi.When a woman is cornered, anddoesn't know what to say she makea noise like a laugh.i-We wish to call your attention tothe fact that most infectious diseasessuch as whooping cough, diphtheriaand scarlet fever are contracted whenthe child has a cold. Chamberlain'sCough Remedy will quicklv cure a coldand greatly lessen the danger of contracting these diseases. This remedyis famous for its cures of colds. Itcontains no opium or other narcoticand may be given to a child with implicit confidence. Sold by all dealers.When Glasses Stick."When two glass tumblers or dishestick together so that there is dangerof breaking in getting them apart,put cold water in the inner one andhold the outer one in warm water, andthey will separate at once.When you have a bilious attack giveChamberlain'sjTablets a trial. 'J heyare excellent. For sale by ajl dealers$100 REWARDWillbe paid to any person having'Quick-Relief Liniment fails to gireinstant renei ana tne purchase priceis not refunded. Try it and see."It is the most wonderful remedj for relieving pain I have ever used." Capt. Anderson Berry, Lexington, Ky. 4. "I used this liniment and the pain andsoreness-disappeared like magic trailer"W. T. Ballenger, Lexington, Ky. 4"It is the only remedy-that has given meany relief since I was paralyzed four yearsago." Mrs. Susan Weiborn, Newbury. 14-"For relieving aches and pains this Mai,"ment beats anything I ever saw." J. M.Letton, Lexington, Ky. '"This liniment gave almost instant reliefand has completely cured me of rkiMtism." S.B.JEwalt, Paris, Ky. MIf it Fails to Relieve Any Paim iaA.ny Part -of The Body in FIfteeaMinutes, Ask For Your Monty Back.50c At All DrffgMfarvTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, DECEMBER 3, 1912t&? I iU4i'nJ?iVi-;: Utf:iffi1i'!!i(V1h i,;,flt&h&aaMHM aBB"""" mtmammGEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHOXES DAY137; NIGHT 299.(Continued from Page 1)nJ "te 5ome of Correct Tootwear' gI DAN COHEN'.j7l f&1 rI ;qorf & i"X VBTr.II (I I; j eiI m jfI a J' .4w y7' xjflW' Ihgfr V!BUY NOW!We are now offering extraordinarygreat values in high-grade Fall andWinter Shoes and Rubbers . .Now is your opportunity to layin a supply of Winter Shoes andRubbers. Our stocks are completein every detail We have everything that is correct in style andworkmanship.Buying, as we do, in large quantities, we areable to offer you this footwear at a great reductionin prices.The very best in footwear at less than actualcost of ordinary shoes elsewhere.Read These Items Carefully:Ladies' Custom Made, latest style Footwear, madeon a broad, mannish effect, the most popularstyles this season. Made in Gun Metal, fl-.9Patent and Russia Tan, $4 values, at...9JBiiLadies' Gun Metal and Patent Trooper fl4Boots. Special & I.99Boys' School Shoes that will stand rough wear inTan, Gun Metal and Box Calf, button fl4 "and lace, $2.50 values. Special P.24-Growing Girls' School Shoes, 16 button fl3Boots. Special VhMen's genuine Goodyear Welt Shoes, made in allnoniilar toes m Ian. Gun Metal and fPfl.yy-- t - -Patent, button and lace. Special$2Men's High-grade Hunting Boots, Tan flJ.49and Black. Special P O)Buy the Best Shoes For YourMoney. We Have a Great Assortment of "Walk-Over" and "Beacon" Shoes. We Are Sole Agents.DAN COHEN,m 336IMain St., Paris, Ky. 1ing your favorite a winner. Whatyou do now will mean a lot to yourfavorite on December 7. Drop everything else if need be to make ' yourfavorite a winner. Don't let anyonewrest tbe Honor and prizes awayDon't let vain regrets possess Jyouafter the judges have finished theirwork, but make sure that if your favorite should lose you will at leasthave the satisfaction f knowingv thatyou have done all you possibly v coulddo. Get your .friends to subscribehand your favorite your subscriptionor if you are now taking the paper increase your subscription. You certainly would feel mighty mepn if yourfavorite lost just for lack ofjjthe votesyour subscription would bring. Don'tlet this happen but hand in your subscription at once.BIG TIME SATURDAY.Everything is being made ready forthe close, and we want all the people ofthis city and surrounding territory tocome and help ub celebrate the conclusion of.this big contest. A cordialinvitation is extended to the generalpublic to join in the celebration of"ContestJDay"lin Paris on next Saturday afternoon and evening. December 7. tThere.will ne band concerts,both afternoon and evening in front ofthe News office. The Paris HighSchool Band has been engaged for thisoccasion and a rare musical treat ispromised. ; Scores of people have already told us that they have made arrangements to attend so be sure andcome and meet your friends. Brine!pa andjma, brother and sister, auntyand nncle and all th;friends and relatives who are interested in this bigraceCLOSES AT 9:30 P M SATURDAYThe contest will come to a formalclose next Saturday night j at 9:30o'clock and no subscriptions will bbtaken from anyone who is not in theoffice at the closing hour. If you arepresent at 9:30 o'clock, your reportwill will be received but if you comeafter the closing hour you will be theloser, Immediately after the last settlement has been received and the voteballots have been deposited, the ballotbox will be turned over to the judgesand the work of counting the -voteswill be started. This taskwill be nosmall one and must not be unnecessarily be delayed. If you have friendswho are holding voting certificates inbehalf offyour lavorire get into communication with them at once andwarn them thatjthe vote ballots "mustbe deposited next Saturday, or theywill be of no use 10 your favorite.Don't leave anv voting 'certificatesat home ; gatherthem up. tie them together and bring or send them to theNews office to be deposited in"the ballot box before 9:30 p. m. Saturday,December 7.LAST COUNT.The campaign manager will makehis last count for the Friday paper.The ballot box will then be sealed andthe keys turned over to the judges.All votes deposited in the ballot boxafter the campaign manager makeBhis final count will be counted by thejudges, who are several well knowngentlemen of this city. This planmakes it fair to all contestants as noone can tell how many votes theyhave in reserve until the contpst isover and the judges make their finalcount.NOTICE.It there is any mistake in the st? nriing of any contestant's vote as published in today's issue, it must bebrought to the attention of the campaign manager before next Thursdaynoon, when the count is made for Friday's issue. Otherwise the standingas published today must be taken ascorrect.- Mr, Bob" Will Be Grand Event."Mr. Bob," the pretty little musicalcomedy, which will be presented atthe Paris Grand on Thursday evening,Nov. 5, promises to be one of the bestshows, produced in this city, composedot local talent. Nothing is being leftundone by the promoters and daily rehearsals are improving the cast to apoint of excellency.The play will be presented under theauspices of Richard Hawes Chapter,U. D. C. and the proceeds will beused to furniim a room in the W. W.Massie Memorial Hospital.Tickets have been placed on saleand fiom the number of advance salesthat have been made, there is evidencethat the house will be crowded to overflowing on the night of the perlormance. Tup cast which is made ud entirely of local talent is as follows :Phillip Koyson, fond ot yachtingJ. T. Adams.Robert Brown, a much abused lawclerk Reuben Hutchcraft.Jenkins, who objects to cats Harr.vSaloshin.Rebecca Luke, fond of cats MissMary Tomilson.Katherine Rogers, Miss Luke'sfriend Miss Belle Horton."Mr. Bob," Katharine's friendMiss Corinne Collins.Patty, who loves dramatic witMiss Jerome Chapman.PERSONNEL OF CHORUSMiss Catharine Thompson, MissMatilda James. Miss Elizabeth Steele,Miss Rena CrodaIe. Miss Marie Talbott, Mrs. Joseph Mitchell, Miss Corinne Collins, Miss Jerome Chapmanand Messrs. Wallace Clark, HarryHorton, Ireland Davis, Fay Ardery.J. T. Adams, Ernest Beheler.Opening Chorus "Hello, Mr. MoonMan."Minuet The Kiddies.Pianist Miss Elizabeth Crutcher.T'DEATHS.Aged Colored Man Dead.William Steuban. aged 89 years, oneof the best known and most highly respected colored men in Bourbon county,died at his home in this city Sundaymorning at 3 o'clock from infirmitiesdue to his advanced age. Steuban wasborn in Lexington and in his youth helived in New Orleans, but the most ofhis life was spent in this city, wherehe conductecTa barber shop lor a number of years, giving up the businessbecause he was too old to follow it successfully. For many years he was a familiarfigure on the race courses of Kentuckyand in other states, and when openbetting was practiced at the courseshis bets were taken readily. He wasa recognized authority on racers andhis judgment in many cases were backed by the best known sportsmenthroughout the countrv.Though bom a slave he obtained hisfreedom long before the emancipationproclamation was issued. He was aman of strong common sense and intelligence and was perhaps as well educated as any other man of his race inthis section of the country. Duringhis early lite in the South he learnedthe French language, which he couldspeak fluently and although duringhis late years his vision was somewhat imoaired he kept posted on current events and was able to discussthe most important happenings of theday.At one time he had considerableproperty but owned at his death onlythe home where he lived at the footof Mam street, which he has occupiedfor almost half a century.RENICK.Mr. Wm. Howard Renick, pcion ofone of Bourbon county's pioneer families, and one of the most prominentmen of Paris, died at his home onHigh street Friday morning abouteleven o'clock after an illness of onlya few days of heart trouble.Mr. Renick was born near Clinton-ville, this county in 383b and was seventy-sixyears of age. He was a sonof the late Mr. and Mrs. James Renick, the former being a large landowner in this county. His father wasa veteran of the war of 1812. He wasan extensive farmer and stock raiser.After death of his father Mr. Renick continued to reside in the old Renick homestead. He met with muchsuccess as a farmer an attained a national reputation ss a stock raiser,being a producer of high class shorthorn cattle.Mr. Renick was interested in theParis Milling Co., in East Paris. Together with his sons; B. M. Renic,Scott Renick and Abram Renick, hepurchased the stock in the companyand the plant was placed under themanagement.of B. M. Renick. It hasbeen converted into one of the mostprosperous milling concerns in Kentucky. Ihe excellent business ability of Mr.Renick was recognized throughout thestate and he was interested in otherbusiness ventures, among them beingthe Agricultural Bank of Paris, ofwhich he was a director.Prior to moving to town Mr. Renickowned seven hundred acres cf bluegrass land. Tnis he sold and purchased the palatial residence of the late J.W. Ferguson on High street.Mr. Renick is survived by his widow, who was formeily Mis MattieMorris, of Scott county, and six children two daughters, Mrs. DuncanBell, of Paris, and Mrs. Curtis P.Smith, of Dallas.Texas. and four sons,Messrs. B. M. Renick, of Paris; Morris Renick, of Middletown, O., AbramRenick ana Scott Renick, of Clarkcounty.The funeral services were held atthe grave in the Clintonville cemeterySunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, Theservices weie conducted by Rev. Dr.B. M. Shive. pastor of the Paris Presbyterian church.Following were the pall bearers:Honorary The members of the Agricultural ISank directory, who servedwith Mr. Renick: Messrs. J. T. Hinton, N. Kriener. W. II. Anderson, J.W. Bedford. John Marston. W. W.Hall. J. U. McClmlock. J. W. Davisand J. J. McClinLck.Active George K. Bell, J. F. Younp.S. L. Weathers, Geo Hunt, K. B.Revenue Assignments.Following are the revenue assignments madeby Collector T. A. Fieldsfor JJourbon county for the month ofDecemberJuliusKessler & Co., Paris: J. jtf.Russell, day; J. A. Rowland, .bottling; J. D Shy and E. J. Martyn, additional ; J. P. Hutchcraft, gauger.F. P. Thomas, Kiserton: W. W(Cherry, day; W. N. Henderson, additional and bottling ; J. P. Hutchcraft,gauger." G. G. White Co., Paris; C. L. Hough,day ; W. S. Lyne, additional and bottling ; J. A. Breslin, additional ; J. p.Hutchcraft, gauger.Morris Chairs.Many Morris chairs to pick from, inoak, early English and mahogany.Very acceptable for Christmas presents, tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.The Contest Manager issues awarning that no checks will beaccepted on Friday and Saturday, Dec. 6th and 7th If voirtake checks for subscriptions,have them made payable toyourself, and then convert intocash before making your finalsettlement.NOT TRANSFERABLE.A rule of the contest which has beenvigorously enforced and which will beenforced until the contest is over isthat the votes are absolutely not transerable. Votes which are issued to onecontestant and have the name thereoncannot be transferred to another contestant, ah oanots whicn arescratched, torn or altered in any waywill.be promptly discarded. Everyballot issued on subscriptions mustbear the name of some candidate. Noblank votes will be issued on suhscriotions under any consideration.The contest manager hasone requestto make of the contestants, tbring inyour subscriptions as early as possible in the week. Votes will then beissued and mailed to you, or, if desired,will be'held until you come in Saturday. Any subscriptions which you secure Saturday can then be broughtin before 9:30 o'clock that night. Itwill be to your advantage'to do this oryou may lose several subscriptions inthe hurry of the closing hour.STANDING OF CONTESTANTS.DISTRICT NO. 1VotesMiss Ida Paynter 448,650Miss Frances Kenney 448,650Miss Hazel Duvall 441,425Robt. A. Rose 429,100O. P. Carter, Jr ' 371.8251 Mis3 Flora Hill 205,325mrs. lizzie .BurKe 14U,225Wm. Cooper I04.f2:iMiss Matilda James.Miss Mary Brown . .Miss Bob MorrisCarley B. ScottMrs. Leer StoutMiss Elsie Thomas.Charlie Grinnan. . .DISTRICT NO. 2.Miss Lillie MartinMrs Wm. Faris 197,35058,20051,45049,87531,3757,9505,6005,125440,325Miss Shady ShanksMiss Sallie K. PetersonMiss Laura Bell FaulconerMrs. Olark LeerMiss Willie McNamara.Mrs "Rorh "R.aohMiss Ida Bell Tate .... , . .'. '.". , 29,5507,5505,325180,425118 55163,75059,27551,95048,325MisB Will Davis Judy. .uj.i JJUU1D U1USS1UUURain Relieves Drought.The rain of Sunday night served torelieve the drought that has prevailedin this Fection for the past two months.Owing to the fact that no rain ;hasfallen intthat length of time therewas a scarcity of water, many of thestreams of the county being almostdry and ponds in various sect'onswhich turnish stock water beingwithout any water to speak of.In a number of instances farmershave been known to drive their cattlefor some distance to water them. Theetxremely dry weather has had theeffect of retarding the growers oftobacco in preparing their crops foithe market.Not all of the tobacco in the countyhas-been stripped and that which isnow ready for the market could not behandled owing to the need of a rain tobring it in case. Unless there is aconsiderable drop in the temperatureand with a continuation of damp,moist atmosphere, tobacco will beready for the market in the next tewdays.Tobacco Market Opens SaturdayThe opening of the tobacco warehouse of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse Co., 'in this city, which it wasannounced would take place today hasbeen postponed until "Saturday ' whenthe sales will begin. The great needof a tobacco season has been the causeofpostponing the sales in a number ofcities, and such conditions existinghere has made it necessary to postpone the opening.The large tobacco warehouse inBarns addition, which for the pastthree or four months has been underconstruction, has been completed,practically all the work being finishedwith the exceptionjof hanging a fewdoors and clearing the premises ot alltbe waste material.Manager Kenney Nichols with alarge force of men will begin receiving tobacco Wednesday in prepaiationfor the sales Saturday, and with theproper season a good supply should beon hand for the opening dav.Several weeks ago Mr. Nichols received the assurance that there wouldbe a large 'number of buyers representing the various tobacco firmsthroughout the country on hand at theopening of the sales. The firms of R.J. Reynolds & Co., G. T. Patterson,W. L. Petty & Co.. J. P. Taylor &Co., and Silas Shelbourne & Co., willbe represented.FOR SALEHutchcraft, J. M. Hall, J. W. Allisonand Henry QuisenberryWILLIAMS.Mr. W. S. Williams, a former resident of tfourbon county, aged 69years, died suddenly at Glade Snrings,Va.t Saturday night. Death was dueto an attack of heart trouble.Mr. Williams is survived by his wifeand six daughters, Misses Pearl, NoraBelle and Tillie Williams, of Lexington ; Mrs. C. H. Estes, Abingdon, Va.,Mrs. Ike Chilton, Salt Lake City,Utah, Mrs. W. W. Swartz, of Ewing,and Mrs. G. W. Estes, of Bourboncounty. One brother, Thomas H.Williams, ot this city, and two sons,W. E. Williams, president of theFirst National Bank, of Jackson, Ky.,C. G. Villiams, cashier of the Bank otRapins, Va., also survives.The funeral will take place fromthe residence of his brother, ThomasH. Williams, on South Main streetthis morning at 11 o'clock, the bodyarriving here from Knoxville, Tenn.,last night. The funeral services willbe conducted by Rev. W. E. Ellis, ofthe Christian church, and the burialwill take place inthe Paris cemetery.Resolutions.RESOLUTIONS IN RESPECT TO THE MEMORY OF JOHN A LARUE ADOPTED BYTHE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THEFIRST NATIONAL BANK, NOVEMBER27TH, 1912.John A. LaRui passed fromthis life at his residence in BourbonCounty, Tuesday evening at fi ve o'clock.He was a charter member, anj, fromits beginning, a Director in Ihia lcetitution. Hie death creates the first vacancy in this Board of Directois a vacancy, so far as we are now able to foresee, impossible to fill. His standing inthis community as a Christian, his unerring judgment in the s iutijn ofbupiness problems, and bis faithful, undeviating ad'prnc- to these principlesof life thai churacLeiiZd hu ideal manhood, we treasured and relied upon aspart of the beginning and developmentof this institution, to which he soabundantly and willingly gave hisenergy and time.John A. LaRue was one of the upbuilders of Bourbon County. No citizenever resided within her borders whomore willingly subscribed to and became a part of any undertaking havingin view the public good. He was an absolutely honest man. There was .no deceit, nor indirection, in the make upof his character. He lived a blamelesslife, and at its close, after this long andintimate association, we recall no singleact but that was characteristic of thenoblest and best of manhood.Therefore, Be it resolved by thaBoaid of Directors of the First NationalBank of Paris, KentuckyThat by his death this institution isdeprived cf one whose advice, an.i earnest and sincere interest, during all it3existeuce, have been invaluable;this Board of directors of an honorableand loyal friend and associate; our stock,holders of one who placed their welfarefirst and above all m every situationthat has confronted the Bank, and thiscommunicy one whose life in every relationship, measured by any standard,was an example and an inspiration.Resolved, further, That these resolutions be spread upon the minute book,aad that a copy thereof, under tbe sealof the Bank, be forwarded to the familyof our deceased friend and associate.Public Sale!-OFStock, Crop, &cShoes For Oentlemen.See the Bostonian shoes for men at$4 and $5 at Feld's Shoe Store. tfRockers.Many up to date leather rockersthe Christmas trade.tf A P. WHEELER & CO.forDon't Forget.Don't forget "Mr. Bob" at theOpera House November 5. for the benefit of the Richard Hawes ChaDter, U.D. C. Be sure to attend.Brass Beds.Just received our shipment of brassbeds. Come in and see them. Justthe thing for Christmas presents,tf A. F. 'WHEELER & CO.About 1,200 barrels of corn for salein field, with good field lot of 200 acreboundary to feed on. Apply toE. R; ALLEN,127 Lexington St., Winchester, Ky.Is This a New Cure ior Rheumati'sm.Whether it is a mental influence ofthe presence of the strip of silken ribbon of the Emerald hue, encircling hiswaist, Mike Murphy, the prompt collecting transfer man, is free fromrheumatic pains that have made hislife a misery for the past few months,and folks in whom he has confided hissecret are wondering if the wily Irishman has succeeded in unearthing a, cure for the most dreaded disease.According to Mr. Murphv the remedy was given him by an old friend, adruggist of this city, whose abnormalabdominal proportions prevented himfrom using it for some time, owing tothe fact that a strip of ribbon of suffi2ient lengm couia not oe secured inthis city and an order was placed with Ithe factory : in the meantime he wascompelled to go to Martinsville.Mr. Murphy avers that he sufferedwith rheumatism to such an extentthat he was driven to deaperationjand jwhen the secret of the remedy was 'given him he procured a piece of green Iribbon which he placed -around hiswaist. Since that day. he says, hisrheumatic pains have not made theirappearance. 'Why," he said, "I'djust as soon think of leaving off mytrousers in the morning when Lget udas leaving off the ribbon."A month ago another friend of Mr.Murphy, a Louisville and Nashvilleemploye, who also sports a huge section of the silken material, had themisfortune to burst his ribbon, andwhile awaiting the arrival of the orderplaced with the factory suffered themost excrcuiating pains, and was alsocompelled to make atriD to Martinsville to secure temporary relief.Having sold mv farm on the Maysville and Lexington pike five and onehalf miles from Paris and two andone-half miles from Millersburg andwill move to another state, I will sellat public auction onWednesday, Dec. 18th, 1912,16 head of cattle, including 4 choicemilch cows ;6 coming 2 year old heifers i2 heifer calves ;2 red steer calves, extra good ;Yearling Polled Durham bull;2 polled Durham heifers, registered,and probably the only cattle of thisbreed in Bourbon county;13 head of Southdown sheep, as goodi as there are in the State;4 work mules, good ones ;Carriage, runabout, covered springwagon, pony rigs, carts, sleigh, harness, farming implements ;Household and kitchen furniture ;Corn, oats, fodder and straw ;Turkeys, chickens, ducks, whiteguineas, and Homer pigeons.bale will begin atten o'clock.TERMS Liberal and made knownon day of sale.J. F. BARBEE.George D. Speakes, Auctioneeer.TBE U. D. C.Present"Mr. Bob"A Comedy With MusicOpera HouseThursdayDec. 5Benefit of HospitalSuperb Local TalentPersonalDirection Mr. and Mrs.John T. Adams..Reserved Seats 50c and 75c