If j k . 'PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR.VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1912DEATH.A III-rISIMONfDcp't Store,White Sale andClearance SaleBegins Jan 13,Ends Jan. 27.ILSIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis, KentuckyM NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS. 1First we promise to give our customers honest andcourteous treatment, and the same goods for less money.We promise to do a straight cash business during the yivvear 1912. and all who trade with us will sure get their X5K money's worth. You will get jio duns from us. You fliwftTi't. hnw rn rnv r.hp nr.npr te ows aeDts ana vou can m3 be free and trade where you please. What does 30 days2K credit amount to? Not a .thing, only higher prices forjL your goods. Money is just as hard to raise in 30 daysjL after date, as to pay as you go. Don't take our word, butM try for yourself.$ 15 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00S Damask Rose Corn, 2 cans 15ctt Baby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25c ,J Sweet Potatoes, 2 cans . : . J. v. . . . . 2oc - 'u:acK Jiomney, per id j--Flake Homney, per lb . ... - 4cFull qt, Karo Syrup .-.-. . -10cGood Rice, per lb -. : 5cPrunes, per lb 10cMedium Size Mackerel 5cLarge Size Mackerel, 3 for . 25cLenox Soap, 8 bars 25cArgo Starch, 3 boxes : 10c5 gal. the best Oil .45cUSE BLUE RIBBON FLOURThe Best in the WorldBlus Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack .' . .70'Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb: Sack 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2,75T. C. LENIMAN, Prop.Both Phones 234Watch this Space Next Week,J111 ."WPRICE & CO.l 1piE dearc to express pur good wishes for- 191 2-toiour many.pairons.v - -aPRICE &60. ClothiersA career of great and varied activitycame to a close Tuesday afternoon whenRev. Howard A. M. Henderson, formerly of Paris, and well known Methodist clergyman, author and veteran oftwo wars, died in Christ Hospital inCincinnati after a long illness ofdiabetes. A development of the disease, hardening of the arteries, wasthe immediate cause of death.The more than 75 years of Rev.Henderson's life was crowded withnotable achievements and endeavors.The diversity of his activities and hisunfailing success stamped him as oneof the men who made history both forhis church and his country.The last time Dr. Henderson met hidmany friends among the clergy of Cincinnati was on the occasion of hisseventy-fifth anniversary on August15, in- Glendale. It was immediatelyafter that event that he became ill andentered the hospital.The body of Dr. Henderson will liein state in Wesley Chapel from 2 to 3o'clock Wednesday afternoon. Rev.Gervaiae Roughton, an intimate friendof the deceased, will then conduct theBervice?, assisted by Bishop David H.Moore, Rev. D. Lee Aultraann, ofTrinity church and Rev. D. H. Jamison, Presiding Elder of the district.Rev..Roughton was at the bedside ofhiB friend until midnight Monday andDr. Henderson, calm in the knowledgeof the approaching end, quietly discussed his funeral arrangements requesting that Rev. Roughton preside.On Friday the remains will be buriedin Frankfort, Ky., with services bythe Masons and Odd Fellows of thatcity.Howard Andrew Millett Henderson,D. D., LL. D., was born in August183b, at Paris, Bourbon county, Ky.His father was Howard M. Henderson,a native of New Hampshire, who hadcome to Paris to take the f residencyof a large female college. In this college were euducated some of the rrostfamous belles of the Blue Grass reigon.Prof. Henderson was a graduate otExter Academy and of Yale University, and was the author of a number of text books. He married one othis pupils, Jane Elizabeth Moore,whose father was an influential manof Cynthiana, Ky.H. A. M. Henderson completed hiseducation at the Ohio Wesleyan University at Delaware, Ohio, and then.intending to enter the laws, went tothe Cincinnati Law School. He alsosturiip.d in the office of United StateSenator Garrett :Davis at Paris, buthis inclinations were toward tneoiogyand literature, and under Bishop Kava-naugh he was ordained in the Methodist ministry. He took charge nearDemon61iai. Ala . and while ,there metand mnrr ied Susan Watkins Vauehart,daughter of -'Dr. Alfred Goode,!V;aughan,a Dhysician and planter.Soon alter the Civil war nroKe out!he organized the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment, of which he becameColonel. Dr. Henderson s prime object in entering the army of the Confederacy was not to fight tor the disruption of the union and certainly notfor the perpetuation of slavery, tiewas alwatys an advocate of the abolishment of slavery, as was his wife, whoinherited from her father much cottonland and slaves. His great aim was todo what he could onthe very scene ofwar to soften its inevitable horrorsand minister to the men.Dr. Henderson was a relative ofJefferson Davis, and after two yearsin the f eld he was. on reauest assigned to the Department of Exchange ofPrisoners of War.During this service he exchangedabout 35.000 men. Among the mostcherished Doasessiuns of Dr. Henderson were thousands of letters fromUnion soldiers expressing gratitudefor kindness he had "extended to themwhile he was in charge .of them. Hisheadquarters were at Cahaba, Ala.,near Selma.While in the field Dr. Hendersonwas in many engagements, and rosetci the rank of Brigadier General.Afetr the warthe was for a time editor of the newspaper, the New Era, atDemopolis, Ala., in which he advocatedforgetfuiness of the war, and did wnathe pnnld hen. as he did ever afterward, to wipe out sectional lines andfueling.Returning to Kentucky he heldfharo-es in the Methodiit church atFrankfort and Lexington and in theearlv seventies was elected StateSmWintendent of Public Instructionin Kentucky which office he held fortwo terms.While Sunreintendent of Public Instrnntion he wrote many papers anddelivered numerous addresses on educational topics, and besides promotedthe publication by his department or auonrk on school architecture that had amarked influence in bettering thenhvsical nlant of schools of Kentucky.He was also Professor of Litreatureat the Kentucky Military -Institute.During- this period he took an activeinterest .in Freemasonry and eventually became Grand Chaplain ot thenrand T.odcre of Kentucky, a positionhe held for years. He was a KnightTemnlar and a Scottish Rite Mason,Southern Jurisdiction., tie was longeditor of the Kentucky Freemason andwas influential m establishing tneMasonic Home.-nr. Henderson was also interestedorrea tlv in Odd Fellowship and besidescontributing much to its literature became Grand Master of the Order inKentucky."WE KNOW HOW 99IYou Consider StyleCorrect Fashion!One of the most importantthings to consider is clothes;but you don't think it ought to take the placeof good quality, neither do we.Here you get the best of both; we seek .out the best fashions from all sources, andsuggest a lot of smart styles for our specialtrade.We will show you some new ideas inSuits and Overcoats you wont see anywhereelse.- 'Mitchell & Blakemore,iuucTitcers co rvienParis, KentuckymmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmniininiiiimviiirmrimBIRTHS.Born, to the wife of Mr. ArthurHancock. Tuesday morning in Cincinnati. a 11 noundsdauehter. Mrs. Hancock was iormrely Miss Nannie Clay,iFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.f 1 -Big Clearance SaleAnd; Special Sale ofWhite Goods and Muslin UnderwearBegins Saturday, January 13, 1912,Ends Saturday, January 20, 1912.Bigger and Better Bargains Than Ever.K DoFrank & Go.i:S' ..jPsySsj - " . -KentuckyMX . .o rJ.Iw'of Bourbon county. xf a.lA.'"' jfolM:ltaltlllWIBorn to" the i f i of ;011ia Biahfk ; - " . - . U,,,,,,,-i 'IALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMETHE BOURBON NEf S"sVDo Yw Feel Has Way?will not be yours unleslTyouhave a parlor stove-as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.BOTH 'PHONES? 124. NO. 320 -MMN STREET.Do yaa feel all tirsd. out ? Do yo sometfmathink vou Hist caa't work? away at your proies-sioa ,or trad any longer? Do you have a poor ap.tite, and lay awake at nights unable to sleep? Aravnur nerves all lone, and your stomach too ? Has amSWIFT CHAMP. - - Editor and Ownerbition to forge ahead in the, world left you? If so, youmight as tvcII put a stop to your misery. You can do it iyou will. Dr. Pierce's Golden "Medical Discovery willmake you a different individual. It will set your lazy liverto work.. It will set things right in your stomach, andyour appetite will come back. It will purify your blood.If there is any tendency in your family toward consumption,it will keep that dread destroyer away. Even after coasumption has almost gained a foothold in the form oc aEntered-at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class MaiVMatter.Established in 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationDisplay advertisement $1.00 per hich for first time; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, 10 cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.lingering cough, bronchitis, or bleeding at the lungs, it will brin about acure in 98 per cent, of all cases. It is a remedy prepared by Dr. R. V, Pierce,of Buffalo, N. Y., whose advice is given free to all who wish to write him. Hi?great success has come from his wide experience and varied practice.Don't be wheedled by a penny-grabbing dealer into taking inferior substitutes for Dr. Pierce's medicines, recommended to be "just as good." Dr.Pierce's medicines are of known composition. Their every ingredient printedon their wrappers. Made from roots without alcohol. Contain no habitforming drugs. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.5,LOWRY & TALBQTTPublished Every Tuesday and Friday.t ' ' t - i . . - . , I- r TT 77 T-T. T Z - - I- iv1I " - li. J J . ' - - -" -sN ''' 3Bourbon LaundryDVIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.iff Telephone No. 4.Ml..t:4hf,' CKHA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get "your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.O. H. CHENATJLT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Manager.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)-. Warehouse and RedryerNo." 574-595 South Upper Street 415-485 South Slmestone StreetBoth ahones 965LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTXWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Eoomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. Wth our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and success of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sales behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.ONE YEAR,$.00 SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00The Same Old Story.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORSI.'P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky. -J.C. Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. C. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J- C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.O. H. Chenault, X.exington, Ky.R, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. C. Roberts, Auctioneer.Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with'the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bringftheir tobacco to himand to"come to the house to see him at all times, as he willL 4.1. i 1 1 i. -J-1- x tm uc mere lu iuuiy aiier uieir iiiLeresufALL WRONG.jThe Mistake is Made by Manyjgs Faris Citizens.rDori't mistake the cause of back-- acKc.To be cured you must know the' cause.If the pain comes from sick kidneys.You must help the kidneys.A resident of this vicinity shows you. feOWv. J. T. Gardner, E. Main St., Carlisle,'Ky., iays:'l had a great deal of'trouble from disordered kidneys, infact, some years s go my case was saids jLq its 'insurable During recent years"my back became very weak and lame;ad ached almost constantly. Thevrant annoyance, howeyer, was too- -fraqueat passages of the kidney secreitkiae. Kheiimatic twinges in my hips:ud loins also bothered me and at, -itipas wire so acute that it was hard. for ni to walk. Seeing Doan's Kid. aey Pjlfs advertisede, I procured a box" aai kad taken .them only a short' timemkmm I fait a graat daal feetter. Contjajaii ttac soon entirelyfrelieved me.lilHMMr that Datn'a Kidney Pilla are aJcMMcy renedy and worthy ofnaorsemeht.Youtsey Petition.Another movement is afcot to securethe pardon or parole of Henry Youtseyfrom the penitentiary at Frankfort,where he is confined, charged withcomolicity in the murder of WilliamGoebel.A petition is being circulated amongthe citizens of Newport and is beingsigned by doth Republicans ami Democrats. Miss Bratt, a school teacherof Cold Spring, Ky., and Captain JamesMc Arthur, of Dayton, are behind themovement. The petition, which issigned by hundreds of the county'smost prominent men, will be presented to Governor James B. McCrearyearly this week.Savsges W!th'Phones.The semi-barbarous tribes of Autralia make use of telephones, connecting their encampments.Insanity on Increase.Insanity is largely on the increasein Kentucky according to a report, ofthe Census Bureau. In 1904 the number of jnsaae ptrsetia ia Kentucky parone huadrad theusaad population was135.9 ; ia 1910 the properties had t increased to 154.9 par oat haiwrtd.tboiataJM . -"Business men all over Tthe countryare expressing complete confidence inthe Democratic House. They are notbeing fooled by the the old bugabooabout 'Democratic ' Success meaningbusiness depression.' I am familiarwith how the Democratic leaders feelabout thi, and the leaders and themajority of the party are conservative.The tariff will be revised downward,but it will be done .conservatively, andwithout disturbing business conditionsunnecessarily. Democrats realize thatbusiness men have rights which mustbe protected. "This statement by CongressmanJohn H. Rothermel, of Pennsylvania,chairman of the Committee of Expenditures in .the Department of Commerce and Labor, is endorsed by allthe Democrats in Congress. Mr.Rothermels' home'is in Reading, Pennsylvania, which is in the heart of thePennsylvania manufacturing saction.Evidence is multiplying that business men do not fear Democratic success'in 1912, and thkt, on the contrary,they .will' welcome it. This is due almost wholly, the House leadecrs say,to the business like way in which theDemocrats have handled affairs sincethey were placed in control of thelower house of Congress a year ago.The steel trust, which would havemore reason than, any other trust to besuspicious of- Democratic success, isthriving as never berure at this seasonof the year, and the customary holidaylet up of 't'velve days was reduced totwo. Early in January, it is said, thesteel mills all over the country will beworking up to 90 percent of capacityBlast furnaces, long idle, hvae resumed operations, and the steel corporation confidently expects 1912 to bethe banner year of its history.The same story of increased activityis "told by the railroads. The NewYork, New Haven and Hartford, whichlast spring laid off several thousandmen, lately has taken them all back,and many moie besides. The shops atHartford, the company officials say,will be busier during the coming yearthan they have been for four yearsback. All theT)ig railroads hav placedbig orders for new equipment, a recentorder of the New York Central alonecalling for an expenditure of $23,000,000. All of them are woring their mento capacity.Republican orators who expect tofool the voters with the old scare aboutDemocratic success meaning businessdepression are going to have bothhandg full from now on.Rules for Right Living.To be honest in the directest wayand virtuous by epitome, be firm untosuch principles of goodness as carryIn themselves volumes of Instructionand may abridge thy labor. So maywe have all In a few, and the law andthe prophets In a rule, the sacred writIn stenography, and the scriptures ina nut-shell. Sir Thomas Browne.AREMCR06SOURSCALP.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYA NAVAL VICTORY WITHOUTBLOODSHED.By A. W. MACY.In 1778 Captain Rathburne,commanding a little Americanvessel with twenty-five men andtwelve four-pound guns, swoopeddown upon the island of NewProvidence with its nest ofTories and Its British garrison.Wlth a quick dash he landed,seized the forts, raised theAmerican flag, released someAmerican prisoners, and captured six British vessels. Aprivateer of sixteen guns lay atanchor in the port, and a British sloop-qf-war hovered outside; but they wera too surprised to do anything. The Tories armed themselves and attempted to capture Rathburneand his men, but changed theirminds when he threatened toburn 'the town. He held theplaca two days. Then hepiked the guns, carried off, thearms and' ammunition, burnedtwo of the capturedships andsailed away with ths other four.Nor lost he a ingla man.(Copyriah't, Jlfll, by JophiB.,.Bowlis.) jf .It Has Been Proved that MicrobesCause Baldness.Professor Unna of Hamburg, Germany, and Dr. Sabourand ,the leadingFrench dermatalogist, discovered thata microbe causes baldness. Theirtheory has time and again been amplyverified thrcugh research experimentscarried on under the observation ofeminent scientists. This microbelodges in the Sebum, which is thenatural hair oil, and when permittedto flourish it destroys the hair folliclesand in time the poures entirely close,and thtt scalp gradually takes ona shiny appearance. When this happens thejre is no hope of the growth ofhair being revived.we nave a remedy wnich will, wehonestly believe, remove dandruff, exterminate the microbe.Jpromote goodcirculation in the.scalp and around thehair roots, tighten and revitalize thehair roots, and overcome baldness, solung as there is any life left in thehair roots.We back up this statement with ourown personal guarantee that thisremedy called Rexall "93" Hair Tonicwill ba supplied free of all costs to theuser if it fails to do as we state.It will frequently help to restoregray and faded hair to its original color, providing loss of color has beencaused by disease ; yet it is in no sensea dye. Rexall "93M Hair Tonic accomplishes these results by aiding inmaking every hair root, follicle andpigment gland strong and active, andby stimulating a natural flow of coloring pigment through out the hair cells.we exact no obligations or promiseswe simply ask you to give RexallS3 Hair Tonic a thorough crial andif not satisfied tell us and we will refund "the money you paid us for it.Two sizes, prices 50 cents and 1.00.Remember, you can obtain it in Parisonly at our store The Rexall Store.G. S. Varden & Son. 'GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECT08 AND LICENSES EiBALlEI.BQTHPHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.6The Best is none ioo good lor you. fand make the Women happy.Dodson & DentoiPARIS, KY.In Peril.Percy Noodles says that the reasonne doesn't like his new boarding houseis because the landlady has alreadyburied two husbands and has taken offher mourning since he came. Galveston News.1Welcome Passing.It looks as if 'the day were pastwhen, all that was required to make acertain stylo of actress was unpleasant notoriety and a nervy manager." Of Two Evils."Willie "Did you have an appointment with my sister?" Mash MYa-as, I did." wmie--"Now I knOWwny soe went out In the rain."Judge.Somewhat Unusual."Peculiar chap, very. His wife 1boss In his house.""What's peculiar about that?"'He admits it"Iis the highest type oiwomanhood.Scott'sEmulsionis the highest type ofcurative food.The nourishing andcurative elements inScott's Emulsion are so" perfectly combined thatall (babies, children andadults) are equally benefitted and built up.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's, the Standard and abvaysthe best,ALL DnUGiST9U-17East Tenn. Telephone Co., INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and -'LONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Boubon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North, JMiddletown, Little1" Rock- am- Ruddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee m service youHAVE telephone service.' 1 ,The East Tennessee Telephone CIncorporatedThat Cold Roomon the side of the house wherewinter blasts strike hardest alwayshas a lower temperature than tnerest of the house. There are timeswhen it is necessary to raise thetemperature quickly or to keep thetemperature up for a long period.That can't be done by the regularmethod of heating without greattrouble and overheating the rest ofthe house. The only reliablemethod of heating such a roomaione Dy orner means is to use aVJ&RFJC1Ahsohteb smokeless ami adarhtwhich can be kept at full or low heat for a short or longtime:i-our quarts of oil will give a glowing heat for nine hours,without smoke or smell.An indicator always shows the amount of oil in the font.MHer-cap docs not screw on; but is put in like a cork in a bottle,and is attached by a chain and cannot get lost.An automatic-locking flame spreader prevents thewic& From being turned high enough to smoke, and is easv toremove ana aron hack sn that nan u Monri ;in n rKLSSfS bodr?-r 8Ily cannot become wedged, and can be unscrewedfor rewimg. Finished in japan or nickel, strong, durable, wellmade, built for service, and yet light and ornamental. Has a cool handle.r-fi t- .. .. 'waters everywhere, if not at yours, tmle for descriptive circularto the nearest agency of theStandard Oil CompanyForewarned."Tour father tells me." said thfearl, "that he Intends to leave all hifmoney to charity." "Oh. don't leithat worry yous at all." renlfnd thfbutiful heiress. "I'm sure he doesn't.man it. Ha told mp iaf rwht thaih was ioin,to try to "find out whethr you rmajlv lnvui fm aaVjtaloQt."E.' A. Cross. 516 Glasgowstreet, pertsaoutn, va.Says:"My-WlfforBloodinCtlfMw niituwnMi win ate"Vratffv?a rcvHt after uiv hr fdtasher strMMrttt ad a roo4 ppe4H. I hmv use4Itmyself and H has 4mm mm a lot f giTHE BOURJJON NEWS, i PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. V frig;Sill Mtre Than Wili ltftts.rra nnmtipr of raeople killed vearlvvvwild beasts don't approach the!life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodPut grand protection is afforded byEfectric Bitters,which destroy and ex,)p these deadly disease germs fromievstem. That's why chills, feveriiud ague.all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. Try them and-joy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backIf not satisfied. 25c at 'Oberdorf er's.Bright Klndergartner.In a kindergarten in Omaha "Amerjca" was being sung and the directorwas repeating the words to her smallrmnils. When she came to "Land.whereour fathers died," one small child withii puzzled expression on her face spokeup: "But my father am t dead yet. 'P flTfl D D D IU HI H DQU !Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkf :t. How the meiitof a good thingPanels out in that time or the worth -'cccjipwof a bad one. So there's noczesswork in this evidence of Thos.w hp used Dr. Kinc's New Dis-uvery for 30 years, and its the bestwnffh and cold cure 1 ever used."(V.ce it finds entrance in a home you'an;t pry it out. Many families havecced it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onarth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soie" jngs. Price 50c and SI. Trial bottle:ree. Guaranteed by Oberdovfer.0Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.TTawlrincr. Rtii titan or. foul hreath. discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send yon aS AMPLE T RE ATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof hmiPR. "kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to gen-needs attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same'tima Blood Balm (B.B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. Ii. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lasting" i - n Zi ccure oi uai-arm in an its iuljxlo,Druggists or by exsress, SI per largebottle, witn directions ior ncme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.mmSHOES ' -2 IFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYk BAND OF PLUCKY EX-PLORERS. .ABy A. W. MACY.That was a plucky littU bandof explorers who, on May 24,1869, under the leadership ofone-armed Major Powell, plunged into the canyon of Green river, where the Union Pacific railway crosses It, determined tofollow the river to its junctionwith the Grand, and then followthe Colorado river until itemerges on the lowlands ofsouthern California. They knewwhat it meant a perilous" journey of more than a thousandmiles, through dark canyons amile or more in depth, overwhirling rapids, through ragingtorrents and past yawningchasms. It took them overthree months to make the journey, but they made it; seven ofthe ten explorers and four of thesix boats emerging in safety.This journey, by reason of theknowledge gained and the results which followed, may be regarded as the beginning of thegreat conservation movementTHEIR DAYOFF'What!" cried the tall girl and theshort girl simultaneously and unbelievingly."Yes," insisted the fat man and thethin man, likewise in chorus. -"If you . are going, on this merry little jaunt into the country you willhave to rise with the lark," explainedthe thin man, "because the car leavesdown town at nine o'clock.""Oh, well, it isn't as if we .couldn'tdo it," said the tall girl, heroically.So the next morning the four oftiiem caught the electric car.There had been a sudden faint drizzle of rain, but as they whizzed onpast the last cottages on the prairiewest of town the sun bobbed out again.The level country was a rich greenand the sky was very blue."I feel," said the fat man, as thoughI were threatened with a good timetoday." v ,"I have exactly the same feeling,"said the thin man.After a time the level country wassucceeded by country that was brokenand rolling. There were glimpses ofbrooks with the willows trailing yellow-greenfingers in the water andclumps of maples and sycamores putting out glistening young leaves. Somegrazing cattle threw up their headsand switched' their tails and a scaredhorse galloped to the farther end of ameadow as the car shot by.Through the open car windows camethe persistent, cheerful melody ofmeadow larks. The tall girl had mild(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Ends Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The trost-Ditten toes ana nngersnhannfid hands and lins. chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But soch troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial con-t i.n.4-rni- Vinnlon rf -Vnvaboils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, ecze- hysterics when she actually saw twoma and sprains, zoc at uDemocier s. ul mc muc ou6" ""'"""b w" -Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Not In His Native Element.The Admiral de Vivonne. whilecrossing the Rhine at Tolhuys, noticedhis horse stumbling when in midstream. "Would you drown an adm:ral in fresh water?" he shouted to hissteed.MTWillL. & N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT DEC 3, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.How's This?We oifer One Hundred Dollars Refnv nnv nnsp of catarrh that can'not be cured bv Hall's Catarrh Cure.tp T rRTSTRY & CO.. Toledo, O.We, the undersigned, have knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years andki;tt v.;iYi'-rftvfPifr,lv honorable in allucucvb uiui j-"-"" -j : . . .business transactions "Tan financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Whnlpsalo "Druererists. Toledo, O.TToiuc naffirrh P.nre is taken inter-dirp.o.tlv uDon the bloodQTiri mii onus surfaces of the system.Testimoniais sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all druggists.rpiL-o TTnll's Familv Pills for constipation.fence rail. When the short girl spieda real robin excitement ran high.In some of the neat yards of farmhouses there were little round patchesof tulips in bloom and the bushescovered with golden flowers whosename no human being remembers. Villages decorated with gorgeous country clubs and plain villages in theirnatural stateof simplicity fled by.The streets were full of people enjoying the remarkable spring day.They were at the end of the electricline before they knew it and got a surrey and two white horses, one ofwhich seemed tame and one savage,because it had a wall eye and rolledit."Excuse me," said the tall girl, "butas none of us knows how to drive Ishall feel far safer if I hold the linesmyself. Driving will occupy my mindso that I shan't have time to worryabout what may happen. I am positive that the wall-eyed horse doesn'tlike us. No doubt we'll have a runaway!" , "That being the case," said the thinman, "I will sit in the back seat,where egress from the doomed vehicleis easiest. I am great on backwardTrains -A.rrieIts Style.The basket I got yesterday-r.. tQ,-,-a WnrA Ptres-aotlv rleht 'SOmersaUltS!Nay. really were quite chic It was noon and much warmer.No.34134297104037312332G25i)13S3S53U308321431FROMAtlanta, Ga.. Dai'y rLexington, Ky., Daily.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayMaysville,Ky., Daily Except Sunday. ...... ..-v,.Rowland, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCincinnati, O., Duily "Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday v ,Lexington, Ky Daily :Cincinnati, O., Daily '. . - -Lexington, Ky., Daily Except SundayCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except SundayMaysville, Ky., Daily Except SundayLexington , Ky. . DailyKnoxville,Tenn.. DailyMaysville, Ky. , Daily -. . . .Cincinnati, O . Daily Except SundayLexington, Ky., Daily .... ...........Louisville & Frankfort: Daily Except SundayJacksonville, FJa., DailyLexington, Ky.. DailyCincinnati, O., DailyTrains IDe-pa-rtNo. T034 Cincinnati. O., Daily4 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .-. ... .29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday10 Mavsville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday137 Lexington, Ky., Daily37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily33 Jacksonville, Fla. ,-Daily133 Lexington, Ky., Daily6 Mavsville, K. , Daily . . - ;26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday38 Cincinnati, O., Daily Vo'YV.9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sundav39 Lexington, Ky. Daily Except Sundav2 Cincinnati, O. , Daily8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sundaj13 Lexington, Ky., Daily30 Cvnthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday31 Lexington, K., Daily13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily.. .5 21 am. .5.18 am, . .7.35 am..7.38 am, . .7.55 am, . .8.12 am. . .9.50 am.10.20 am.10.15 am..10.24 am.12.00 am...3.10 pm. . .3.15 pm...3.34 pm. .3.25 pm...5.25 pm. . .5.40 pm. . .5 47 pm...6.03 am...6 05 pm.. 10.45" pm..10:50 pm... .5.28 am...-.5. 35 am7.47 am...S.20 am8.20 am9.57 am9.55 am:.. 10.24 am...10.27 am.. .12.05 pm...10.04 am3.34. pm3.4o pm5.52 pm5.57 pm. ...6.1v pm.. ..6.15 pm. . . .6.15 pmG.25 pm...10.5o pm...10.57 pmParson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stubenvoll, Allison.Ia., in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:"They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again,Only 25c at Oberdorfer's. -AItllEUIATWlCured by 'the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B.-Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure Botonical Ingredients, to proveff. wfi will send vou a - SAMPLETREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty m movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin ale; skin itchesand burns; shifting.pains; bad breathlnm wan. 0-onfc. take .Botanic moouBalm (B.. BB.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,rich pure blood direct to the paralyz-aA novroe Vinnps find ioints. Givingwarmth and strength just where it isneeded, and in tins way maKing aperfect, lasting cure oi iineumausm111 U.1J. AC ,r r R hrm mnde thousands orcures of rheumatism after all othea:medicines, liniments and doctorshave failed to help or cure Druggists or by express, $1 per large oozrHo with iijrfinr.ions ior nouie uuie.a i.iVm. s-nt free bv writing Blood., -w - . Atlanta. Ga. DescribevriY trcun'e nd free medical advice. -i i tt j t-gi.'Oll. Zill uy varueu x cun.big white butterfly floated along theroadside and yellow dandelionsspeckled the grass. Some freshlyplowed land sent forth its rich earthy ,fragrance, and in one farmyard six (sprawly little colts stumbled up against !their mothers and stared. The world ,was very new to them. A bunch of !fat pigs squealed and galloped awaywith their absurd rocking-horse gait. ;Presently by a gray rail fence ap-1peared a flock of sheep, sadly inneed of laundering. Among them werea dozen laroos with funny black legs,looking as though they had wadedthrough inl."Stop the horses!" commanded thefat man. Then he waved his hands atthe flock. "Gambol, little lambs." heordered. ''Gambol, consarn you!"And they did. If you have nevarseen infant lambs'with stick-up earsand stiff black legs shooting out at allangles, just as though they had neverheard of the theory of gravitation, flitting over the green, you have lived invain! 'Job PrinMngWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE JQB RBOfflS OFTHE-iBtfRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEA0S,CARDS, XCATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,1such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911. ...TreiirLS Arrive-ISO. . w ... ; 8.13 ami Frankfort, Ky., Daily j-ixcepuouuu- 3 40 pmi4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily .uxcepu l"fv QnnrlVv " . o.bO pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sundaj rlo.oo pm162 Louisalle & Frankfort, &unuayTrains -3Depa,rto. , -V ;.:V.7.10 am161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only. , .... - .7.43 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except bunaay. .... ; am1 F ankfert, Ky., Daily Except buno -f- - , , - M2 am3FTankfort, Ky,T)wly Except .aunur.. ......... 'r , 't ,MONEYWe tell you now, and pay best marketprices, we nc ucah-ij, ...u.w..0i4V.lfa 1855; and can do BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants "R-ferencesany hank in IouisviUe.' Write for weekly price list,wi 55ABEL &. SONS227-29-31 & 33 E. Marks! St, LOUISVILLE, XY.Like most things in life the horsesdid not act as. had been expected. Thewall-eyed one plodded along steadily,but every time it turned a corner, thetame one ran away. The driver gotexcited and hunted up corners just toconvince lieisen. ui me u uj. tuia, ,.but still the tame steed invariably ran.All these corners of course had to be ;negotiated on the return trip, so the ;ride was rather abrupt in spots.After dinner at a hotel they took ;the electric car again and rode along iI the bank of the river with fishermenfishing and aspiring canoes shootingout from unexpected spots, past foamydams and clumps of woodland, pastMgh hills crowded with rich men'scountry mansions overlooking miles ofriver valley and farm land and pastlittle nooks in the rocky hills sheltering bungalows and summer cottages.Finally they turned about and toka car back to Chicago. Suddenly ajagged lightning flash ripped the sky,there was a thunder crash and theApril rain stormed down. It blottedout the brooks and trees and woodlands and turned the car window gray.It found little cracks in the car roofand dripped down into the collar ofthe fat man and on the airy sleeves ofthe short girl, but nobody cared. Theylaughed as they had laughed all day.Then it cleared, and in the dimquiet of the sunset they whizzed away-from the green and gold, peace of thesunshiny country back to Chicago,,into the racket, and garish flights andbumping cars .and hurrying automo-hard stone pavements.Well, it was a pleasant day," saidone of the four.i"An& tomorrow," said;, anotherthem; "begins the same bid-grintfLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, having,just installed two of the ' latest improved Chandler & Price JotPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces. -k Bourbon mm,1(14 Issues a Year-for"$2.00 aAdvertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application'THE BOURBON -NEWS; PARIS,- KENTUCKY, , JANr: 5,19X2'Tie rink Laiy'' at Lexinittn.Wken Klaw and Erlanger's brilliantmusical fcbmedy 'The Pink Lady"CMM8 to the Lexington Opera housefor three performances, beginningFriday , January 5. playgoers throughout thisEection will see an attractionthat has aroused more interest thananything which has ever been introduced to the American stage in tenyears as far (as musical comedy pro-.ductions are concerned. It has justclosed a years, run in lSIew York whrpit broke every known record at theNw t Amsterdam .Theatre whicn hzsljg Been known as the house of recrde. When it is remembered thatthe late Richard , Mansfield played hismoat memorable' engagement in thistheatre aud "The Merry Widow" hadits sensational run there as did "Mine.Sherry" and other wonderful hits therecord of "The Pink Lady" is all themore astonishing.The piece is just a year old and hasbeen seen in less than ten cities of thecountry so far which is a sure indication that local playgoers will ap-reci-ate the opportunity of seeing it thusearly in its brilliant career. Theprices for the night performances arefrom 50 cents to $2.00 and the raati-nee from 25 cents to $2.00. A numberfrom here will attend the performances.t Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber 3hop. Three first.class barbers. 13 tfCURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYTHE OLDCAPITOLING.BUILD-V By A. W. MACY.The structure in WashingtonCity known as the "Old CapitolBuilding" has a memorable history. It was erected In 1800,.and was originally designed asa tavern, or boarding house. Onaccount of poor managementthe tavern was closed after afew years. During the War of1812 the British captured Washington and burned several of thepublic buildings, Including theCapitol. The government thenpurchased this tavern buildingiffor the use of congress, and&here both houses met for several years. Within Its wallsJtwo presidents were inaugurated, and In it John C. Calihoun died. After the new Capiftol building was completed the"Old Capitol" was abandoned bycongress, and after that it wasused for various purposes, hotel,'bearding school, etc. In 1861the government again tookcharge of it, and used it duringthe Civil war as a prison forcaptured southern soldiers.(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Scene from "A Girl ofGrand, Tuesday, January 9.the Mountains" at The ParisTHEATRICAL."A GIRL OP THE MOUNTAINS.''A new version by Lem B. Parker ofhis beautiful suciety drama "A Girl ofThe Mountains," will be presented atThe Paris Grand on Tuesday Jan. 9.The natural gayety and humor prevailing iu this play is.altogether delightful.It has, furtnermoie, all the qualitiesthat distinguish good drama from badand every detail consistent with eachcharacter, is carefully taken care of ;threfore, one acts with and enjoys thecharacters the intense situation thatfollow one another from beginning toend. It is a modern love story of NewYork society life and it keeps its hearers up to the highest pitch of interestand 'excitement. The play developsthe theme that love is the mainstay oflife, outweighing all considerations,even that of a past. Mr. O. E. Weehas engaged a splendid cast and amagnificent scenic display will beoffered. Prices 25 cents 35 ents and50 cents.Buys Lexington Residence.Mrs. Elizabeth C. Rogers, of thiscity, purhased of E. A. Ford of Lexington, yesterday his residene on EastMawxell street. Mrs. Rogers, it issaid, will move 'to t Lexington 'in thenear future to reside permanently.Arm Broken.While practicing cn the horizontalbars in the gymnasium of the ParisPublic School Tuesday afternoonJames Bradley, Jr., son of Mr. andMrs. James Bradley, fell to the floorbreaking his right arm between thewrist and elbow.Will Reorganize.The Baldwin Packing Co., whichsuspended opreations a few weeks agois likelv to resume within a shorttime. At a recent meeting of thestockholders, Messrs. Thos. J. Judy,G. W. Wyatt, Chas. C. Clark, M. R.Jacoby, C. M.' Thomas, C. Arnspargerand Dr. F. L. Lapsley were re-elctedas the Board of Directors for the ensuing year. A proposition was submitted for the reorganization of the concern which will likely be adopted atthe next meeting of the officials of thecompany.Chief of Police Makes Report.Chief of Police J. C. Elgin has filedhis report for the year just endedwith Mayor J. T. Hinton. The 'reportshows that during the year of 1911 atotal number of 323 arrests were made,an aggregate sum of $924.25 being collected for fines, while the sum of$456.50 was worked out. The reportof each officer on the force is as follows :Link Arrests, 77; casli collected,$213; worked out, $139.50.Bishop Arrests, 41 ; cash collected,$156.75; worked out, $9.b0.Thomas Arrests, 87; cash collected,$186.50; worked out,$122. vElgin Arrests, 118 cash 'collected,$365 ; workei but, $135.Insurance Paid.Mr. L. Wollstien, local secretary ofSupreme Lodge, Knights of Pythias,yesterday paid to Mrs. Henry FrenchSI, 000, the value of the insurancepolicy held on the life of her husband,who was killed on the morning ofDecember 13 in the L. & N. yards inthis city.r II And our heartfelt thanks to all Paris and Bourbon people for the splendid business that you have given us in 1911.1$ We are entering upon a new year (1912) and we purpose,with your assistance, to niake it the most all 'round satisfactory year in the history of our business.We fully realize just-how 'much "the measure of our success depends upon our ability to satisfactorily serve youand to the end of bettering our service we shall labor unceasingly.Foolish Scintillations.If Margolen is h is "Butch"Heller?If the Elk' Building is brick is Charlton Clay? ,rIf they sell stoves in January s howabout Winters?If Turpin should start another hotelwould Bill Board?If th8 spiders would go on a strikewould Judge Webb?If Pearce Paton weighs 250 poundswhat does Broadway?If Jim Shea started an auto deliverywould it make John Sauer?If she had been on an auto tripwould she say Ed. Tucker?If 'the Paris Police should all dropdead would Doc Marshall?If we should ever have a new hotelin Paris would Bob Porter?If half the people in Paris were outof servants wo(uld Charley Cook?If you borrow $1,000 from ClarenceThomas would you be Owen Davis?If Dr. Kenney is thinking of beingthe 'next Mayor is Will Hinton?Because Geo. D. Speakes is robustand heatlhy why is Jim Haggard?If Newton Mitchell takes things soeasy why is it that Water works?If J.W. Davis & Co;mark their clothesin plain figures why should l.L. Price?If J. U. Boaidman has made a success in tne livery business nas DanPeed?If Eph January should ask the'policeforce to become Odd Fellows wouldFred Link?If Harry Simon had a $75,000 clearance sale of suits would it strike A.M. Domb? 'If a suffragette should ask employment under present Council wouldFrank Waler?If a lady's vehicle should breakdown in front of the court house wouldA. F. Wheeler?If "Bally' Paton shouuld ask thenomination for County Clerk withoutopposition would Watler Payne?Fiscal Court in Session.The regular meeting of the BourbonFiscal Court was held yesterday,Judge Denis Dundon presiding andMagistrates L. J. Fretwejl, E. P.Thomason, J. J. Redmon, O. B. Lloyd,B. b Stipp and G. K. Redmon present.County Treasurer Bedford was ordered to borrow $5,000 from the GarthFund to be added to the turnpike fundand execute a note payable on January1, 1913.County Attorney Batterton andSquire Fretwell were appointed a com!mittee by the court to confer withPat Collins, who has the contract forthe construction of the Silas pike, inan effort to have him complete theconstruction or give up the .contract.The report of Turnpike SupervisorRedmon was read, approved and ordered made of record. The sum of $800was appropriated for use in repairingthe. turnpikes during the month ofJanuary.Squires E. P. Thomason and J. J.Redmon were appointed a committeeto purchase a rock crusher, rock bin,traction engine and waier wagon forthe county use.Claims to the amount of $4,587.97were allowed and ordered paid, whencourt adjourned.Dies After Short Illness. !Mr. John B. Grimes, aged 62 yars, jdied at his home on Higgins avenue inthis city after an illness of about aweek.For about 12 years Mr. Grimes had1 .l . I :n uj ueun in tu eiuiJiuy uj. tue .uuuibvintj ccJNasnville railroad, serving in thecapacity of night watch at the lucalfreight office until a few months agowhen hew as transferred to the passenger depot, acting in the capacity ofspecial officer.About a week ago Mr. Grimes suffered an attack of grippe, froii theeffects of which he was confined to hisbed, growing gradually weaker, andother complications arising whichcaused his.death at 10 o'clock .Tuesday.evening.He is survived by five children four' daughters and one son Mrs. Leer !Stout, and Miss Georgia Grimes, ofParis, Mrs. E. P. Armstrong, ofCharles City, Mo., Mrs. W. L. Dawson, of Carapbellsville, Ky., and Mr.William Grimes, of thi3city.The funeral services will be held athis lote residence Saturday at 2 p. m.conducted by Dr. B. M. Shive of thePresbyterian church, assisted by ElderJ. T. Sharrard. The remains will beinterred in the family lot in the Pariscemetery.The pall-bearers will be LawrenceVan Hook, J. J. McCilntock. M. F.Kenney, Dr. J. T. Brown, Lee Bealland W. H. Harris.tFinal Adjustment Sale !The Last Stage of Our Re-organization!Final Payment Must BeMade to the Retiring Members ofthe Firm January 15th, and WeTherefore Inaugurate This Sale to7 Raise Necessary Cash Immediately,j So as to be in entire readiness to cope with thef great crowds that will be attracted by this very im-portant event, our store was closed on MondayJanuary 1, to make the necessary re-arrangement ofstock and other preparations.Last June we announced to the public a re-organizationof this store brought about by the retirement of Mr. HenryKaufman and Mr. Benjamin Straus from this firm, Mr.Simon Wolf, Mr. Dolph Wile and Mrs. M. Blumenthal having bought out their interests. Ever since then we havemade rapid progress in' the work of re-organizing and adjusting the affrirs of the firm, until now we come to thepoint where the actual transfer of "interests takes place andfinal settlement is to be made with Messrs. Kaufman andStraus, January 15th. This means that we must raisewithin the very short space of 11 days, many thousands ofdollars CASH. Or, in other words, we must sell thousandsof dollars worth of merchandise every day between nowand January 15th. We fully realize that this is a colossalundertaking, requiring the most powerful and drastic resources at our command. The surest, quickest and mostpowerful way of accomplishing our purpose is to forgetprices for the time being and cut prices so phenomenallythroughout our stock that the people qf Lexington andvicinity will be glad to take the merchandise off our handsand thereby enable us to raise the required sum. Hence,Thousands o! Dollars Worth of Fresh, New, Fashionableand Seasonable Merchandise at the Most ExtraordinaryReductions in Years! The Greatest Bargains We HaveEver Offered. The savings on high-grade wanted merchandise you can make in this sale are simply phenomenal.They are almost unbelievable, in fact. But we are prepared to convince the most skeptical of the genuineness ofour offers. VVe Have Gone the Limit in Price Reaucing!Join the Crowds! Come and Save Money!Jaiimanj Straua 5c Co,LEXINGTON, KY.6iFOR SALE.few choice ,narrahens. Price $2.50I have for sal aghansette turkeyeach.Also, Mallard ducks at SL each.CHARLTON CLAY.o 4t &. . pnone soFOR SALE.One good square piano (Knabe) andtwo good second hand organs, can bebought cheap and on easy payments.MOERHEAD PIANO CO.,606 Main street.FOR SALE.Three Buff Orpington roosters "forsale. Will sell for $2 each.2 3t JOE MITCHELL.f Service improved in every way where improvementpossible, better goods where possible and :prices as lowpossible.isasIIIInto 1912 we enter with every effort put .forth to makeyou realize (and realizing patronizing) that this is THEstore that from every .standpoint merits your. patronage.fiL Again for a splendid businesss in 1911 we thank you andtrusting to be favoredith yonr patronage in 1912, we arer-v'I A.2F. WHEELER & COttmmi ThirtSts.CHAS. GREEN, Manager.Opposite Court HovseOpen Session at Public School.The first open session of the Literary Socitey of the Paris Public Schoolwill be held in the auditorium of theschool building Friday evening at 7:30o'clock. An excellent program hasbeen arranged and the public is extended a cordial invitation to attend.A debate between the Freshman Classof the High School and the SeniorClass of the Grammar School, will bean interesting part of the program,which is as follows:PROGRAM.Music High School Band.Reading of minutes by the secretary,Marguerite Douglas. ,President's Address-rRobertMitcfi-ell.: 01.Solo,- "Beauty Eyes" "Miss JeromeChapman. ,Miscellaneous business.Debate 4 'Resolyed, That the Rightof Suffrage Should be Granted toWomen." Affirmative Dennis V.Snapp, Grace McCord and JosephLynch. Negative Stuart Wallingford,Vella Mastin and Barnett Winters.Chorus High School "The Magnolia of Old Tennessee."Recitation Miss Hazel Morris"The Quilting Party.'School Paper Thos. Kearns, editor;read; by Miss Mary Brantioh. .Music HighScho6iJ Orchestra.PUBLIC SALE-OFDesirable Residence1 will sell at public auction on thepremises at 2 o'clock p. m., onThursday, January 1 8, 1912,mv desirable residence property, No.360 Stoner avenue.Lot fronts 115 feet on Stoner avenueand extends back 150 feet. The residence has six rooms and kitchen, andthree halls and three porches: pressesin every room ; large store room andpantry; is piped for gas and wired forelectric lights; splendid cistern, icoalcellar, large dairy, carpenter shop,two poultry houses, wood shed, boatlanding, and splendid grape arbor.Prospective purchasers invited toinspect the property.TERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS L. V. FOOTE,Home Phone 518.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.WM. COLLIN'S SALEOF-Poland ChinaBoars and Sows-AT-CarJisle, Ky., Janl 11,At H. N. Rankin's Sale andExchange Stable.par-See catalogue and bills - forticulars.At same time and place will sell 23head Shropshire Down ewes, bred toimported ram. 9jofcPublic Sale!OF-A Desirable 75icre FarmTues., Jan. 16,seven-J will sell at the?, same timeboats, all in good condition.MRS. L. V. FOOTE.Well-Known Woman Dead,Mrs. Nannie Crouch Henry widowof J. Will Henry, died suddenly at hehome on Plum Lick Sunday. Heartdisaese was given as the cause of herdeath. The funeral was held at NorthMiddletown Tuesday. Mrs. Henry was64 years old and is survived by fourchildren Mrs. Chas. Walls, Mrs.Claude McClain and Lee Henry ofBourbon county, and J. E. Henry, ofMontgomery county.' Mrs. Henry wasone ofvtht beat known women in Easter. Kentucky.We, the heirs of W. O. Shropshire,deceased, offer at public sale a pareof nis farm, containing 7o acres of No.1 land, located on both the Hill andHawkms turnpikes, 3 1-2 miles northof Centerville, in Boorbon county,Tas a comfortable dwelling,outbuildings, two barns holding 10acres of tobacco. Cistern at the door,some fruit, school house very closeand churches convenient. Practically all m grass. Ib is in a good neighborhood and is a desirable place toJ?J " "tos desiring to see this farmcan call on Geo. D. Speakes, the auc2S5!ert,?ris' or W. H. Shrop-VK13 near, or address himjraoa, x. jv. U. No. 7.-xNo.udi-4 rings. Saleon the farm.T?Mo0ne third cash. balance'"J &. 2 years with interest frompossession March 1, 1912.ISAACTO. SHROPSHIRE,W. CLAY SHEOPSHIRE.W. H. SHROPSHIREHome Phoneat 11 o'clockFound.Nice pistol. Ownerby proving propertythis, advertisement.:7', 'Vfv'w- IE f 1can haesameand 'payings for4 h.is.'1U - .-THE BOURBON- NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 5, 1912 ;9.flB BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNotice.ir. Clara B. Matthews will be ino!nce on January 8.Dress Suit Lost.The party who borrowed my dressijtt is requested to return same at;nf JOE MITCHELL.Entertainment to be Repeated.The entertainment which was givenjl Silas Church last Saturday nightZ be repeated tonight as the incler.t weather prevented the attendee of a large crowd.Put Away the Gun."ne open season for hnunting closed.Jiuar 1, and hunters may lay away'ne.r guns until next November.7 ocally. not many birds were killedTii the most of those brought in. werer,y those who hunted in other places.Michigan Kale.PElSOrUL MENTION.Hev. Dr. Geo. Varden is spendingthe week in Cincinnati.Mrs. Mollie Lair is quite ill at herhome on Fifteenth street. ,Dr. P. L. Lapsley is in Jacksonville, Fla., for a short stay.Mr. James E. Craven is confinedto his room with the-grippe.Mr. John Kenney has returnedfrom a visit to relatives in Richmond.Misses Ruth and Clara Chambershave returned from a visit to relativesin Indianapolis.Mrs. W. C. Ussery leaves today tovisit her daughter, Mrs. Henry Judyin Kokomo, Ind.Miss Anna May Davis has returned from a visit to Mra. CharlotteDavis in Lexington.MATRIMONIAL.Fresh shipmentK2ie just received.' Itof fine MichiganSAUER.Purchase Carlisle Hotel Lease.Messrs Guy Oveibyand ClaudeRatc JIT have pui chased f torn Mathias &Laughlin their lease on the Kimbrough House, m Carlisle, one of thebest known hosttlrics in this sectionof the State. The new firm was givenimmediate possession.Notice.If the party hn took the Meerschaum pipe with carved bowl fromoar store a few days ago will returnsame to us at once, by mail or otherwise, nothing will be said about itG. S. VARDEN & SON.Leap Year.The year of 1912 is leap year. Itwill haVe been eight years since lastleap year and quite a numoer whowere then on the eligible list havebeen added to the has-beens and nowin the ranks of the bachelors or oldmaids.Numberoi MaysvilleReduced.SaloonsAn ordinance providing that, beginning with the year 1913, the numbernf cainnna in Miivsville be limited toten and that the license of each befixed at $1,000, was passed. The citynow has 20 saloons with a license feefixed at $500 each.Attention Book-keepers.Ledgers, jorunals. day books, cashbooks, letter files, pens, inks, etc. Infact eveiything a bookkeeper needs" h',S ffiCe- PARIS BOOK CO.New Magistrate.Gov. McCreary appointed yesterdayRogers H. Burris as Magistrate in theFlat Rock precinct to fill the vacancyof W H. Squires, who sold his farm inthis county and purchased another inMercer of George Clayton, formerly of Bourbon, where he has moved.Bowmar's Mardi Gras Tour.Write to flow mar's Tours. Versailles' Ky.. for folders giving detailsri an lueai jjciauii.j -w..----- --- , . unQn;tais inGasTour.Jeavi He is well postedMontgomery, Ala., etc. Low inclusivecost ; limited party : every thing iirst-Miss Nellie Fithian, Nell Crutherand Augusta Rogers returned Tuesdayto Caldwell College, Danville.Mrs. Jesse Turney gave a luncheon euchre yesterday at her countrynome on the Maysville pike. !A number from this city will attend the performance of the "PinkLady" in Lexington tonight.Mr. John Nesbitt, formerly of thiscity is reported to-be quite ill at theConfederate Home, rewee valley.Mr. Chas. K. Hill, who hs beenspending the holidays with his familyhere left Wednesday for Cleveland, O.The first of tke Leap Year festivities was the dance the young societyladies gave at Elks Hall Tuesday evening. Mrs. Rebecca Hughes has returned from a two weeks' visit with Mrs.Mollie Taylorvand Mrs. Sam Clay inLexington.Billy Kenney, the bright little sonof Or. and Mrs. W,m. Kenney, is con?valescent after a serious illness ofpneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Power andMr and Mr C. P. Cook attended thefuneral of Mr. John. Bruer in Maysville Monday.Dr. Ben Frank and Mr. Jack Fitzgerald will return today to New Yorkaftei a visit to Dr. Frank's mother,Mrs. Julia Frank.Mrs. Virgil D. Chandler, who is atthe home of her father, Mr. W. H. H.Johnson, is rceovering from a severeattack of grippe.Mrs w. (). Chambers, who hasbeen quite ill at his home on Fifteenthstrreet for several days is reporieusomewhat improved.-Mr W HI. Shobe has returned toQoiam M T nttpr a visit to Mr. andMra .fnm'ps Henrv Butler. Mrs. ShoDawill' remain for a longer visit.Mrs. Julian Howe and Mr. EarlSwearengen have returned from a visit to their parents. Mr. ana Mrs. vv.G. Swearengen, in Carthage, O.Misses Gertrude and SarahRichardson, who have been the guestsof Misses Mayme and Edith Stivers,have returned to their home at Junction City.Mr. T A. Nichols, who has beenseriously ill for several days, was reported to be in a serious condition lastnighat and was gradually growingweaker.Misses Ollie and Lorine Butlerr,o0 a Hinnpr nartv Saturday eveningfor Dr. Ben Frank and Mr. Jack Fitzgerald, of New York. Their guests,besides th guests of honor, were MissH'len Frank and Mr. Quincy Ward ankMr. and Mrs. W. M. Shobe.Mr. Edward Hutchcraft and wifehave returned to their home in Chicagoafter spending the holidays with relatives in this city. Mr. Hutchcraft isi :i omnlu man and IS mucha uuapuai --; . ,. I:,.ofaH ?n nnr nrosDeetive lnstitu-IHlClcotwM i . rj.: i-i a rrminnnn? many or tnethe ivasiThe marriage of Mr. Woodford C.Daniel snri Miss Edith L. Mvall WUSsolemnized at the residence of Mr 'andMrs. William Myall Wednesday afternoon at 5 o'clock. The ring ceremonywas used and was very gracefully andbeautifully said by Elder Carey E.Morgan.The bride was gowned in sort whitemessaline. trimmed in pearls andfringe, with court train. The weddingveil was gracefully caught up witnbunches of lillies ot the valley.The only attendant was the bride'scousi, Miss Ethel Johnson, of Millersburg, who wore a pretty gown of pinkmessaline and carried pink sweet peas.During the ceremony Miss Leavittsang "All for You," "Because,""Thine Art Mine, "and "The.Rosary."Miss Betsy Ray played the weddingmusic.Mr. and Mrs. Daniel left immedi-atelv after the ceremony fur a shortwedding journey and upun their returnwill go to the home of the groom onthe Maysville pike.The wedding gifts were many anabeautiful.Mr. Jerry Parrish, of Silver Creekand Miss Lula Wheeler, of Kirsville,were united in marriage at Rihmondlast wfeek. Mr. Parrish is well knownin Paris, havina formerly played firsthsse on the Paris base ball team whenthat club rfist entered the Blue Grassr.pacnp.. The counle will reside atPeytonville.,The marriasre of Mr. Robert Car-npnter and Miss Elizabeth Junes, bothnf thP. nnnntv. took nlace Wednesday,Rpv. Carev E. Morean performed theceremony.A mnrHnore license was irfsued yesterdav to Mr. Frank M. Dorsey andMiss Bessie McKee,Purchase Canadian Land.E. F. Snean & Sons, of thii cityMrs.E, F. Clay, Sr.; and her daughter, Mrs. Aylette Buckner, purcnasedrecently eight and one-half sections fCanadian laud, or a total oi d,44uacres. Spears & Sons acquirea six anaone-half sections, about 4,160 ares,while Mrs. Clay and Mrs. Bucknerhave about 640 acres each. The land,which is very productive lies near Wilcox Sask, Canada, and is wen aaapceato the growth of flax, wheat ana oats.Special Attraction at the Comet.The manaeement of the CometTheatre promises one of the greatestthe nenturv this afternnnn and niorht and Satruday afternoonand night. Prof. W. A. Wellman, theOT,11 knnvon enmunoloeist Will give acopmlete and forcible lecture on theOhio State penitentiary, illustratedwith fifty wonderful slides, embracingthe electric chair, an electrocution.th orison demon, the cell houses,escaned nrisoners. for whom rewardsare o ffered. Sholiday celebration, theold gallows, the death cage, photos ofnotorious criminals, cell from whichGen. John Morgan escaped in 1863,andnumerous others.This will be by far the most remarkahle exhibition and lecture ever seenin Paris, iiivine .as it does a completeinaiorht. intn the inner workings of therrlost famous prison in the world. Itwill he civen in addition to the tworegular reels of.feature pictures whichthe Comet is running daily, me pricesfor this engagement will be ten cents.f-hp shnw lastinc? for on hour and inteen minutes.LOST.FOR RENT.New cottage 'of five rooms on EastMain street., -MJiS. ELIZABETH C. KUoiUKS..11The year just closing has been exceptionally sa:tisfac-tory for us, and we thank those, who have helped us. .Z We realize that our success comes from the staunch0 support we have received from those who have favored us.' ivith their patronage, and we therefore take this opportunity to extend our most cheerful greetings for the season.0 During the coming year, more than ever before, weshall endeavor to satisfy those with whom it shall be our9 good fortune to do 'business. . ' ' ; '' 'V . , J -ri ' v"f Our heartiest good wishes for aHappy,; New jrea-: ,iW. Ed TuckerELECTRICFLASHLIGHTS!Several Styles85c to $1 .50Also Batteries and Supplies.DaughertLj Bros.Fee's Cash Specials,!STONE'SSilver SliceMephistoCakes1 0c eachFEE'SA white fox fur neckpiece betweenthe residence of Mrs. S. M. Wilmothon Houston avenue and the residenceof Mr. J. M. Russell on Main stret.Rturn to this office or residencf of Mr.Russell and recieve suitable reward.andandandthemsourRoomers Wanted.Furnished room for two gentlemen,bath and steam heat. Apply at thisoffice. 3tParis Grand.New Engines in Commission.The L. & N. has placed in commission for this division three engines of'nu:rfaan hundred" tDYC theWIO fall 1 1 HbVll ....- - - .tengines are heing used on the bournend at present to handle the immensetralfic. They compare favorably withthe "twelve hundrds" recently put inhut ar of a much alrger design.Second Installment oi Serial.We call the attention of the readersofg the News to the second installment of the serial story "The Pool ofFlame." which appears in this issue.The story is by Louis Joseph Vance,author of "The Bronze Bell' and"The Brass tfowi," both of which arewell known to the literary publicthroughout the country. "The Pool ofFbmt." ic a srniw of romance and adventure, replete with thrilling situations and the latest success of thiswell known writer. The News willkeep a supply of back numbers eachof which will contain an installmentof ths remarkable story, and whichwill besupplied to our readers.January Bargains.We have our floors filled with bargains that we vill offer to the January trade. Chairs, pictures, rockers,tables, rugs, etc.' Special attentiongiven to the wall papr xHINTON.is enthusiastic over our hospital,being a Pans boy offers to givelocal management the benefit otwiriA P-srnerience in furnishinginstitution.The first of a series of dances waseiven by the Cotillon Club Monday1evening at Elks Hall and was one ofthe most beautiful cotillions ever given in Paris and its delightful success Owas due to the energy and popularityu orrornrpinpnt committee, Mrs. iCharlton Alexander and Mrs. DuncanThe hall was very attractive in itsChristmas attire being decorated withChristmas bells, cedar and ho ly. Themusic was furnished by Kidd's orchestra Mrs. Charlton Alexander, assisted by Mr. John Brennan, opened thefigures. A delicious salad lunch wasserved at midnight.The honored couples were Dr. BenFrank, New York, and Miss Ollie Butler?Mr. Jack Fitzgerald, New York,TToion Rrank i Mr. WilliamMta Virignia Renjck. Win-Chester: Mr. unaruunKate Alexander.' Otherdancers were Mr. and Mrs.James Duncan Bell, Mr. and-Mrs. Bismuk Frame, Mr. and Mrs James Hnu nonn Mr. and Mrs. Swift Champ,TV- zr p Prif.hard andi Tuesday, January 9.!THE DRAMATIC EVENT. .E. WEE Offers a High-ClassSociety Drama,A Girl of TheMountains.In 4 Acts, by Lem B. Parker.A PLAY WITH A MORAL- i ,Chief Train Dispatcher.Mr. W. K. Griffin, heretofore ChiefTrain Dispatcher of the St, JLouisDivision of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, is now in Paris andwill shortly assume the position ofChief Train Dispatcher of 'the Kentucky Division. He is to succeed H.H. Hancock, who has held the positionfor the past fourteen yearj. the changebeing made at the latter's request, boas to relinquish a portion of the moreonerous and exacting work.. Mr. Hancock will continue at his desk in theeanacitv nf Aceietant. Chief DiSDXtCb-er, continuing to perform a portion cfhis previous work and certain newddties. Mr. Hancock has been in theParis office for twenty-four years during which time the Division has developed from minor importance to one ofthe heaviest on the Louisville andNashville system. -Miss MaryWoodford. Mr. and Mrs. W. C, l-ergu-nnMr. J. M. Buckner and Miss Elizabeth Steele. Mr. and Mrs s--Millan Mr. lien vvoouiuiu t'" ,Mary Batterton, Mr. and Mrs. Johnrerke? Mr. George Clay and Missiee3? tS Mr. Frank Daugher-&"dnMta T Helen Daugherty Mr.ii . a 7vi;ec Van Johnson, Dr.and Mrs. KranK r "ni""'fla HwiryP A Thompson, Mr. and Aire. ne"ry&av Mr and Mrs. Sam Clay. Mr.Wafker and Miss Cornelia Renick.Winchester; Mr Oscar H.nton andMi Marie Talbott, Mr. ana mrs.Withers Davis. Mr. and Mrs. JohnSiSS Mr and Mrs. Amos Turnej,Mr J L. Dodge and Miss Elizabethl-b yr, Hugh W - wfi-"ri?" 3r wnndford I Bucknervaroeu . " M- and Mr6.O1 Wilmoth Mr Walter Squires. Wlnehester and Miss Mary F. Hutchcraft.Mr. Reuben nucnciNe son. Winchester; Mr. Mra. J.c wnhpris Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Bren-S 2nd MrSwm. Merritt Shobe.5?im V J Mr John HiRgins and"john Bronon, JacMonvUle, FlfThe next cotillion will possibly heJ, fJphruarv 14,although no deh-SSdS L beenVefir.itelS.d,eided on.Passionate! Pathetic!Intensly Impressive ! 'Delightful Comedy! -AThrilling Play!Prices 25c, 35c, 50c.Seats on sale at Mitchell & Blakemore' s Monday morning.andC.THE FAIR!Wishing One andAll a Happy andProsperous NewYear : : : :..-THEFAIRHappy New YearWe wish to thank the public for the liberalthe past year, thertlargest in theour store. We have endeavoredtopatronage duringhistory of our jsatisfy every customer, no matter how small hispurchase was.We wish every person in Bourbon County aHappy New Year.J. T, HI INTO IN.?.'VstIITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 5, 912;LETS OTHERS FINDStubborn Case"I was under the treatment of two doctors," writesMrs. R. L. Phillips, of Indian Valley, Va., "and they pronounced my case a very stubborn one, of womanly weakness. I was not able to sit up, when I commenced totake Cardui. ,I used it about one week, before I saw much change.Now, the severe pain, that had been in my side for years,4ias gone, and I don't suffer at all. I am feeling better thanin a long time, and cannot speak too highly of Cardui."-BTI J 1 "N ! ftf international wasoimeFarmer Who Had Been PromisedENGINESFortune Called WitnessesWhen Guest Died. ,$4,360 SEWN IN A VEST$13,600 1 ROOMTAKEL.iII(3IJTheWbman'sTonicif you are one of those ailing women who suffer from anyof the troubles so common to women.Cardui is a builder of womanly strength. Composedof purely vegetable ingredients, it acts quickly on thewomanly system, building up womanly strength, toning upthe- womanly nerves, and regulating the womanly system.Cardui has been in successful use for more than 50 years.Thousands of ladies have written to tell of the benefit theyreceived from it Try it for your troubles. Begin today.Write to: Ladies Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Term.,f .Wirt TnstmrtiAns. W 64-Dace book. " Home treatment tor Women, sent free. J 52Cement For ale.We have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below the.market price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!"Drives out blood poison in anyBtage permanently, without deadlyjnercury, with pure Botanical mgredents. To .prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All syrapthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,Bains and itchine, curine: the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplesgent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Market Price I am' Paying ForHides: .Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8fch Street, . PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Miser Makes His Landlord Administrator of Secreted Estate WhichProves a Revelation EccentricBachelor Had Concealed Fortune.Enid, Okla. Had It not been for thehonesty and high character oi uerhardt Theilen, a farmer living ninemiles northwest of Enid, the fact that$11,000.05 cash and $2,000 in securities had been secreted in his home byC. F. Schulze, an eccentric bachelorwho resided with him, would not havebeen disclosed following the death ofScliulze. Theilen could have kept themoney, and no one would have beenthe wiser.Theilen often had been promisedby Schulze that what property hepossessed would be left to him atdeath. But when death came to theformer German soldier Theilen didnot examine his property until he hadconferred with an attorney. WhenTheilen was made the executor of theestate he called neighbors to accompany him into the room which Schulzehad occupied.Schulze died of pneumonia at 76years of age. It was believed by Theilen that he had money hidden in hisroom. The $4 a week he paid forboard had been forthcoming regularlyin currency. Schulze was reticentand never spoke of his affairs even tothe family except when he said hewanted the Theilens to have his property. Following the death, Theilen 'cameto Enid to consult attorneys on whatshould be done about the burial anddisposition of the property. He wasBloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Kheum, Pimples, KasEczema hes, Dandruff andFalling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W.T. Brooks, Agent.Announcement.I have located in Paris for the purpose of .conducting a generalContractingandBuilding. Business.I have been a builder for the past"twenty years, and can handle yourbuildings, large or small. I will begiad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furHished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.NEW - BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Gold Baths,Polite Service.S83fEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD-v ' 'All Types of Eu silage and Feed Cutting Machinery,Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Professional CardsJ J. WIIjIjTAMS,. ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .iloom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Win. Kenney, iPARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j Zel.E T 384Residence H eDR. A. a' KELLER,Practicing Physician,1"OfficesJRoomsParis,4' and 5,Elk's Bld'gKentuckyHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A.? KAHAL.WMmmmmmmfedUi 11mmGiganticHoliday SaleTo My Friends and HomePeople:W.C.HESTERI have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromJ your friends.sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingf ord.msTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Arc Showing for fall and Winter StrictlyAH-WopTWorsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, ,wort easily $20,oar Special'$15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from$7.50, $10, $12.50, $15, $1S and $20.We have taken the sale agency, for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $4 and $5 men'sShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 14.The reliable Douglas Shoes S2.50, $3, 13.50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.50, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made. ,Chutt's $1.50 and 2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 25c.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe DepartmentFind Miser's Fortune.legally sworn as administrator andthen he asked the help of two neighbors in search of the room.Though it was believed that Scliulzewas well to do, what was found wasrevelation. The room where. Scliulzelived a hermit's life eleven j'ears wassearched and the result was the finding of $11,600.05 in cash wrapped inold socks, sewed into vests, hiddenin secret drawers and in every conceivable place. Every article of clothing yielded its treasure of gold coins.,or gold certificates. Every nook andcorner seemed to conceal gold, everyspot of the room seemed fraught withome secret known only to the deadsoldier who had amassed money hutwho had only strangers to care forhim.For years Schulze had worn a homemade muslin vest lined with $20 goldcertificates of a value of $4,360. Avest found in a closet contained $1,910in gold pieces. Old German sockshad ben used as gold sacks. Moneyseemed" to be everywhere. Combination locks were frequently encounteredin tht explorations of the old man'seffects Hidden in a false bottom inan old hand-made chest was $4,260in $20 gold piecesBesides the money, notes aggregating $2,000 were found' in unconceivable places. Letters showing. that theold man had negotiated loans in Texaswere also found.Arrests Thief on Visit.Wabash, Ind. Mrs. Edward Beck ofPeru, Ind., captured a thief while visiting in this city and took , him to thepolice station. Some time ago shehired a man to help, her clean house.The man worked a little while and.h,en stole Mrs. Beck's watch and left.Mrs. Beck saw the man on the streethere and recognized him. Not seeingany policeman, she made the arrestherself.STOPS 1M1 ITCHTf you are suffering from Eczema,Psoriasis or any other kind of- skintrouble, irop into our store for instant relief. Wo will guarantee youto stop that iteh in two saconds.A 25c trial bottle Vv'ill prove it."VVe have sold other remedies forskin troubles, but none that we couldrecommend more highly than the wellknown compound of Oil of Wintercrnen. Thymol and a. lev other ingredients that have wrought such wonderful cures all over the country.This compound, known as D. D. D.Prescription, will cool and heal ,theiten'y, burninsr s'::in jss nothing elsecan. Get a recrular bottle and .see on,our no-pay offer.G. S. Varden & Son.III 1 ' Iluargoiens.iAt' Twin Bros. DepartmentStore, beginningSaturday,December 1 G,Display of Toys,Drygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Furs, Shoes, Millinery.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainPans, KentuckyFOR RENT.on EastNew cottage of five roomsMain street.mrs. Elizabeth c. Rogers.Life Term for Twenty-Five-Cent Theft.Columbtfs, Mo. Life sentence inthe penitentiary was imposed upon"Sunny Jim" Turner, a negro, byJudge David H. Harris. Turner brokeinto Pemberton hall, a students' dormitory, and stole-25 cexts. He .hadpreviously geryed. two termf 'for burgJary. 'The Best ofSome-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,jBeef,Pork, Etc.Margolen,1 Paris,:. Ky.7One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one,, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our prestn handsome display of smartmillinery, v.We have made extra efforts;this season to reach the, idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.MEN"When afflicted with disease, do not waste yourhard-earned money andvaluable time experimenting with uncertaintreatments, batCO MP Tf lietl-M0-8 Plence hi Unght ni whit to do from m' know HOW. Let HI MTC TOUHtoney. time and ufTerinc. Don't let lack ofmoney keep tou aw xy. if J0U 4re oct of workcan arrange to pay our iraail professional fee lateron. Aolofta of tliae while taking our treatmentyou can keep rigat on with ronr work.JEJfOU SUFFER SS.5KSSi..hTdro,w!e' v"Jcocee. Stricture. BloodFoison, Rheumatism, ricers, Sore. Skin Diaeases,or ervous Debility, or any special ailment thatnaa been hanging on for -weeks or months, resistingmeal f,f Tr,'ons doelors and drugjlstsuntil you ara. discouraged call and let ns show??Ta7nq?fck.,T uch tron!Ies a oe enred by the-RIGHT treatment.lAfDITF r"r A" Quettion List andmi K -ffooi on Men. Dittatti.Cincinnati Men-Specialist Co,,521 Walnut St., Cincinnati, O.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSON SALE DAILYVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDDINING CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS, CALL OK A KY TICKET ACEMT, KEN & CRESCENT ROUTE,OR HTHTBH. C, KING, PaMMctTaai Tick Aftut, MI E. Ma St, LEXINGTON,, KY. Cn- ri' -xSfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY;FREE SAMPLE CURED OLDPERSON'S BOWEL TROUBLEOne of the most remarkable proofs !of the unusual laxative merit contained in Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinis that it is effective not only in people in the prime of life, but at theextremes of ages. As many lettersare received from mothers regardingthe cures of children, as from men andwomen of sixty, seventy and eightyrears of age. It must be truly a wonderful laxative.In the cure of constipation andbowel trouble in old people it has noequal. It corrects the constipation,dispels the headache, biliousness, gas,drowsiness after eating, etc. Peopleadvancing in years should see to itthat their bowels move freely, andif they do not to take Dr. Caldwell'sSyrup Pepsin. You can prolong yourlife by healthy bowel action. Cloggedbowels invite disease. Women aboutto pass the menstrual period cannotdo' better than use Syrup Pepsin several times a week until the system hassettled to its future condition.Among the strongest supporters ofDr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin are Mr.W. G. Zorn of New Decatur, Ala., andMr. George S. Spaulding of the National Soldiers' Home, Kansas, bothelderly men. The regular size bottlescan be bought of any druggist at fiftycents and one dollar, but a free sample bottle can be had by sending youraddress to the doctor. xAddres's him Dr. W. R. Caldwell,402 Caldwell building, Monticello, 111.Germs Spread in SkinEczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofprerms at work in the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly multiply, gnawing theirway deep into the sensitive tissue.This i3 what causes that awful itch,and what seemed a. mere, rashiay grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing skin diseasewith its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thegerms at the beginning of the troublewith that soothing and cleansing wash,the D. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.A 25c bottle will prover this to you.We have had experience with" manyremedies for skin trouble but hayeTip.ver seen such remarkable cures asthose from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the. yery first, application. .We arfi so confident that! D. D. 3.will reach your case that it wilL,costyou nothing if the very nrst iuii size-bottle fails to make good every ciaim,If you have skin trouble of any;kind we certainly advise you to dropin and Investigate the merits of D. IXD. anyway. We know tnat i. -Mwill help you. 7G. S. Varden & Son.ITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchtmtil you feel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your bodyuntil it seems as if you could nolonger endure these endless days ofawful torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.Then a few drops of D. D. D.r thefamous Eczema Specific and. Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Comfort and rest at last!D. D. D. is a simple external washihat cleanses and heals the inflamedskin as nothing else can. A recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltRheum or any other skin trouble.We can give you a full size bottleof the genuine D. D. D. remedy for$1.60 and if the very first bottle failsto give relief it will not cost you acent. .We also can give you a sample bottle for 25 cents. Why suffer anotherday when you can get D. D. D.?.G. S. Varden & Son.Busy Embroiderers;As early as 1773 oiver 6,000 w.omenwere engaged in stitching the fine embroideries which made St Gall famous even in those early days. Thenumber had increased by the beginning of 1800 to 30,000, the industryhaving extended to Baden, Wurtemburg, Bavaria, western Austria and allthe country about Lake Constance.The Poolof Flamei w iByLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEIllustrations by EUswortk YoungCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The story opens atMonte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulgirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight.CHAPTER II; O'Rourke's mind isfilled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goes to the gaming table he allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrebes, a noted duelist. When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER II.wmq m cnair, fmioToTo TmWCX&dfascination of watching a man whocould at once lose money and retainhis composure.At length, inexpressibly bored andtoo impatient to defer the inevitableby niggardly wagers, O'Rourke ransacked his pockets and placed the proceeds several hundred francs I amas Ignorant of the amount as he wasindifferent to it upon the red.There fell a lull, the croupier holding the wheel to permit an unbakedcub of Chicago millions to cover thecloth with stakes too numerous forhis half-developed intelligence to keepcount of; and the adventurer shiftedin his seat, reviewing the assemblage.I For some moments, through the mysterious working of that sixth sensewhich men are pleased vaguely to denominate intuition, he had been subconsciously aware of being the objectof some person's fixed regard, thatsomebody was not only watching, butweighing him. He sought the sourceof this sensation and, for a little time,sought it unsuccessfully. Annoyed,he persisted. He heard the croupier'smechanical "Rein ne va plus," followed by the whirring of the wheel, butcared so little that he would not turnto watch the outcome. Only an exclamation of the Austrian's appraisedhim of the fact that red had won. Heglanced listlessly round to see themoney doubled, and let it rest, turning back to his survey of the throng,A moment later his attention becamefixed upon two men who stood in thedoorway, looking toward him. Againthe wheel buzzed, the ball clattered andwas still. The word rouge among others. in the announcement told hiin thatSlow Progress.A friend met a youthful and lazyauthor on the street."How Is your novel getting along?he asked."Oh, I've begun It," answered theauthor proudly. The two did not meetagain for several weeks. At the nextencounter, the friend again asked:"Well, how's your novel?"The author paused a moment."Let me see," he said, "where did1 tell you I "was In it when I saw youthe last time?""You said you'd begun it." answeredthe friend."Well I've still begun it," confessed the author, guiltily.Platinum.Referring to platinum, books saythat "this metal has never yet beensuccessfully deposited as a protectingcoating to other metals" and add "themetal to be plated must be coppered."I"iTHE PARISQuicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.IJlnnk LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfaefciorguaranteed.auglGtf East; Tenn. Plioe CGIASHAMED OF HER FACE"I was ashamed of my face," writesHiss Pickard of North Carolina. Itwas all full of pimples and scars, butafter using D. D. D. Prescription forEczema I can say that now there istio sign of that Eczema and that wasthree years a&o."This is but one of thousands of casesin which D. D. D. has simply washedaway the skin trouble. D. D. D.cleanses the skin of the germs of Eczema, Psoriasis and other serious skindiseases; stops the itch instantly, andwhen used with D. D. D. soap the curesseem to be permanent. Nothing HKejy. D. D. for the complexion.Trial bottle 25 cents, enough toprove the merit of this wonderful rem-6 We can also give you a" full sizeKnttle- for $1.00 on our absolute guarantee that if this very flrst bottle failato give you relief it will cost you nothing. G. S. Varden & Son.mm5 mThe IdealReading LampOpticians agree that the light from a good oil lamp iseasier on the eyes than any other artificial lightThe Rayo Lamp is the best oil lamp made.It gives a strong, yet soft, white light; and it never.flickers. It prserves the eyeaght of the young; it helps and quickens that of the old.You can pay $5, $10. or $20 for other lamps, but you cannot getbetter light tia A low-priced Rayo gives. .....Made of solid braM. nickel-plated. Eaaly lighted, without lemor- .ing shade or chimney. Easy to clean and rewick.Standard Oil Company ;After that bitter disappointment hisinterest in his personal appearancedwindled to the negligible. In a blacktemper with himself (whom alone heblamed for the deception to whichhe had fallen too facile a victim) hesearched blindly for a fresh tie, foundit somehow, and knotted it round hiscollar in the most haphazard fashionimaginable. Then he shrugged a dress Jcoat upon bis shoulders and marchedforth to dine.In this humor he propelled himselfwith determination into the public restaurant of the establishment, and, oblivious to the allure of many pairs ofbright eyes that brightened all tooreadily to challenge hisr insisted upona table all to himself, and dined in solf-tary grandeur, comporting himselfopenly as a morose and misunderstoodperson, and to his -waiter with a manner so near rude that the latter began almost to respect him.After some time he was disgusted toklisnover that he felt better. An impulse toward analysis led him to probethe psychology of the change, with theresult that he laid the blame for it atthe door or the neck of a half-bottleof excellent burgundy. So he orderedanother, and, resolutely dismissingfrom, his mind the woman who hadno right whatever to be able to singa certain song the way she had, sethis wits to work on the riddle of Tomorrow. To a man whose trade was fighting,the world just then was a most distressful place, too peaceful entirely.Over tils coffee the adventurer nodded in despair and frowned in disgust; then rousing, he summoned thewaiter and paid his reckoning with asecret grin at himself, a fiftyfrancnote and a gesture which splendidlyobliterated altogether every trace ofsuspicion that he intended to takeback any part of the change due him.Trimming and lighting a cigar, hereviewed the restaurant with a list-jless eye which discovered no one ofhis acquaintance; therefore, withneither haste nor waste of time, herose and, betook himself to the Casinothat is, to the one place where onemay feel certain of encountering, sooner or later, everybody who is anybodywithin the bounds of the principality.This night, more particularly thanon any preceding it, now that he hadmade up his mind to seek bettermentof his fortunes' elsewhere, he playedheedlessly, little concerned with thefate of what money he had about him.He had set aside a reserve fund sufficient to settle his hotel bill and carryhim a considerable distance into theunknown which he was resolved . tobeard, and was resigned to losethe remainder. It was a tenet of hiscreed of fatalism that chance seldomfavored him when he had money -inhis pockets; the tide of his affairsmust be at its lowest ebb ere it turned. His policy then was obviouschildishly plain: he must fling to thewinds all that which, he had.Now never was there a man wheplayed to lose who didn't win hispoint. Colonel O'Rourke's case can becited as no exception to this rule Elbow to elbow on one side with an artless old lady from Terre Haute, whorisked her minimums with the ferocious jealousy of a miser making, anunsecured loan, on the other with anintent little Austrian gambler absorbed in the workings of his "system,"the adventurer scattered gold uponthe numbered and illuminated gridiron as 'unconcernedly as though hehad been matching shillings, and sawthe coins gathered in by the greedyrake as often as the little ivory ballceased to chatter on the wheelFor the better part of an hour thiscontinued. And the little group ofsycophants which had gathered behind his chair to watch his play insensiDiy dissipated. a wnisper ranthrough the ranks of the "habitues thatthe luck of the mad Irishman had turned; and forthwith he ceased to be anobject of interest. Only the littleAustrian, having risked the numberof stakes prescribed by his system forone evenings .play, put away nis notebook and pencil and, surrendering hisagain he had won; this time, however,he did' not turn, but, frowning inspeculation, stared back at the two.Stared? Indeed and he did justthat. If it was impertinent, sure andwere they not staring at him? Andwho should gainsay an O'Rourke thewneei. Beads or sweat, glistened onhis forehead. He trembled as thoughhis own fortunes hung on the change.Impressed, O'Rourke could not forbear to linger, to cast a reluctantglance at the table.The size of his pile of gold andnotes on the red was a somewhatstartling sight to him. -His breathstopped in his throat. The ivory spherewas rattling over the 'compartmentsto its predestined place. What if hew.ere to win? O'Rourke began to calculate mentally how much he had atstake, how much he might win if hiscareless prediction that red would turnup the seventh time should come truelost his bearings in a maze of intricate computation and was on thepoint of abandoning the problem whenblack was called."Great God!" panted the Austrian,withdrawing his hand.O'Rourke rose. "The fortunes ofwar, me friend," said he with a laughso unforced that it sounded unnatural. He strode away hastily, searching the throng in the lobby for herwith whom his mind was occupied tothe exclusion of all else.The system-gambler followed himwith a stare of incredulous amazement. "What a man!" said heto himself, if half 'aloud. A secondlater he added: "What admirable acting!" But he was mistaken. There wasnothing assumed in O'Rourke's air ofapathy. He was actually quite indifferent and already preoccupied withhis new interest the pursuit of thewoman whose unexpected appearancein Monte Carlo seemed likely to upsetall his calculations. The sails of thebarque of' his fortunes had all hislife long been trimmed to the windsof Chance; he was accustomed to seeing them fall flat and flapping, emptyjust when a venture seemed mostpropitious. The loss of the moneywas nothing; the initial amount hadhepir little enousdi in all conscience.uiuo frauac no MHRPMVfced. "Will you not be kind emwagM. Wwalk with me a little distance, irWw. 1we converse?" , ."Gladly, monsieur?Des Trebes produced cigarette'ciMwdand together, smoking, the two tvrMtutheir backs upon the casino and wwm.-Ydered off along the paths of th tc-right to stare at anybody, be he king though the major part of all that heor commoner.' Kurtnermore, wuo cncori- hnt tn him the woman wasmignt- tnese men oe, ana wnau men everything the world and all.interest in himself?The one was tall and slender, saturnine; an elegant, owing" as much tothe art of his" tailor and upholstereras to his own indisputable, native distinction; a Frenchman at least, ot atype unquestionably Gallic. His facewas very pale, his fine, pointed mustache very precise, jaw square, forehead high, eyes deep and dark beneath brows heavy; level and black,manner marked by a repose almostthreatening in its impassibility.His companion was "shorter of stature, a younger man by at least ten!years, rather stout and very nervous,;with a fresh fed face marred by hallmarks of dissipation; British, every;inch of him."That. I'm thinking," musedO'Rourke, "will be the ' HonorableBertie Glynn. Faith, he looks thenart. at least: 'tis just that kind m-And now she was gone, had disappeared with her companions! In thatinstant in which he had turned fromher to the table, she had made her escape.He cursed roundly the weaknessthat had lost her to him, and passingrapidly through the lobby, left theCasino, pausing before the entranceto look right and leftThere was no sign of what hesought; the party had vamsned. Andwho should say whither?"Damnation!" he grumbled."Monsieur," a voice intruded at hisside."He turned with a start, annoyedWell?" he demanded curtly, recognizing De Trebes.The Frenchman bowed. "I have thehonor to address Monsieur le ColonelO'Rourke?"Reflecting that the man might af-bred, underbred, without brains or real '.ford him the information he sought,stamina mat wouiu run uirougu a rvT?m,T.L-Q nnhonf "T nm hp Monsieurhalj-milliqn sterling inside a year. Trebes."5ut tne otner.' a,,Pnrkpri th in.tt.er lifted his eve-"Monsieur," the little Austrian stam- hrows showins: even white teeth in amered excitedly in his ear, "for you the ipnrpratorv smile. "You know me,monsieur r"By sight and reputation only, monsieur.""I am honored.""No more than meself, if it comes tothat."The vicomte laughed "Then I mayred had doubled a fourth time"Thank ye," replied O'Rourke without moving. " 'Twill turn up seven,this run."The system-gambler subsided, petrlfled.But the other? O'Rourke continuedto probe his memory. Something in pre3ume to ask the favor of a wordtne macs personality was cunousiy with you?"reminiscent. . . . Of a sudden he "Am nnt hnvine1" it. monsieur?"remembered. The ' Frenchman had "Truf "Rut in nrlvate?"been pointed out to him, years ago, in 0ne moment. Ye can do me. aParis, as a principal in a Boulevard fay0r, if ye will. Afterwards"scandal which had terminated in a "t om nhnrmpd "duel a real duel, in which he had Tis not much I'll be asking yebeen victorious. He was accustomed merely a question or two. Now thatto anticipate such an outcome of his geiltieman ye were talking with awhileaffair of honor, however; that was linpl-. isnM- v,e the Honorable Bertiewhy he had been named to O'Rourke;Des Trebes (that was the name; theViscomte des Trebes) was a duelist ofinternational disrepute. -"Monsieur," the agitated voice fluttered in his ear, "you have won yetagain for the sixth time!""Let it stand for the seventh, monami'Why should Des Trebes be watch-ing him so openly, so pointedly? Ashe watched he became aware thatGlynn?""The same, monsieur.""And the lady who spoke tohim?""Madame Smyth-Herriott, I believe;I know her only slightly.""Then ye are not of their party?""Party?" Des Trebes appeared perplexed. "What party?""Why. Lady Plinlimmon's, ofcourse.""I have hot the honor of that lady'sthese two, the Frenchman and the acquaintance, monsieur."Englishman, were not alonef detached ' oh. ye have not? But Mr. Glynn?"though their attitude vas, they wer is here wjth me, monsieur a flyevidently of a party of ladies and gen- jns trip. We ran down from Paris buttlemen whose gay, chattering group yesterday. Our meeting with Madameformed their background. Smvth-Herriott was ouite accidental.""Monsieur, the seventhturn!" nh. the divv'le!" said O'Rourke be-"Yes, yes." neath his breath. Plainly he mightRein ne va plus," croaked the expect nothing taore helpful from thiscroupier. man: he had iumned nrematurely at aOne- of the ladies turned to speak to baseless conclusion, it seemed. AndHthe Honorable Mr. Glynn. Smiling, hv now it was much too late to thinkhe nodded, and offered her an arm.0f further pursuit. "That is all IShe lingered, addressing Des Trebes. wished to know, monsieur." he admitThe latter bowed, lifted his shoulders ,en ,aTnGiv. -There was a ladv in theand laughed lightly, plainly excusinghimself. A general movement tookplace in the party; it began to disintegrate, men and women pairing off,all moving at leisureHoward the lobby.Des Trebes alone remained. O'Rourkecould, see that the personnel of thegathering was largely British. Herecognized Lady Plinlimmon, whoseyacht (he had heard casually) had arrived in the harbor that morining. Evidently this was her party. Anotherwoman's figure caught his attention;her back was turned, but she-had anair, a graceful set of the shoulders, anindividual pride and spirit in the poiseof her head, that O'Rourke pould havesworn he knew. He was consciousthat he flushed suddenly, that hisheart was pounding. He made as if torise and follow, but was prevented, almost forced back by a hand which theAustrian in his feverish interest hadunconsciously placed on the Irishman's shoulder. ."Monsieur, monsieur!" he gasped,Jiis eyes, protruding fixed nnon thtgroup whom I thought I recognized.I wished to find her, and fancied yemight perhaps direct me. Ye didn'tby any chance happen to hear Mrs.Smyth-Herriot say where she vas going with Mr. Glynn?""UnhaDDily. no. monsiaur.""Very well then. What can I havethe happiness to serve ye in?"The Frenchman hesitated briefly.Not Profanity.The word "dam" Is the name of asmall coin used in India and of verysmall value, and is also the name given by tinkers to a small wad of paperput Into a hole in tinware when mending It for the purpose of preventingthe solder from running through.Both mean of little value, so the ex-"pras!on really meansthe value of a dam."1 don't carev"I Have the Honor to Addres Mon-fsieur Le Colonel O'Rourke vjraced gardens. Ever descending, theycame at length to the secluded, littlelighted and less frequented portions otthe grounds which border the waterfront, and presently sat side XjZsl(feupon a bench, looking out over -ther-n.harbor. Then and then, only did DeTrebes approach his subject something which he had until now studiously avoided, distracting the not overpatient Irishman by a falling fire obanalities."I dare say, Colonel O'Rourke," hesuggested abandoning his motnertongue for excellent English "I darssay you are wondering " i"I am that.""I feared so. But it was essentialthat we should speak In privacy.""Yes?""But before I proceed, may I put yoa question or two bordering, perhapa,upon impertinence, yet not so coceivedr 1"What a long-winded beggar!i O'Rourke commented' mentally., "Asfor that," said he aloud, "Jtls iinposible for me to calculate the impertk 'nence until 'tis put to me. . Eh?""Believe me, sir, I am anxious oriljto avoid indiscretion. It is the quetlon of your identity alone. I jleslraonly to be assured that you are thColonel O'Rourke I take you to be.M"My faith! And who else would 1-be, now?""There's the bare possibility thaitwo of the same name might exist.""'Tis so bare that 'tis fairly Indecent," chuckled the Irishman. "But fireaway.""I am not mistaken in assumingthat I address the Colonel TerenceO'Rourke who was at one time a partyto le petit Lemercie's mad Empire du .Sahara project and who later married Lemarcier's widow, Madame laPrincesse de Grandlleu?"O'Rourke took a long breath andlooked his questioner up and down."Ye have a very pretty taste in thematters of impertinences," he said,gravely. "However, let that pass. I'm.the same man.""A thousand pardons. Caution inmatters such as this-" A shrug completed the thought most eloquentlr"You can give me proofs of your idea- ,tity, then?""Proofs!" O'Rourke got to his feet"Believe me, monsieur, ye have all thaproof I'm willing to give ye, and that's.,my last word. If ye find it insufficientwhy, then ""Pardon!" Des Trebes interrupted,rising. "I am myself more than content. But the Government of France""The Government' of FranceO'Rourke whistled. ,"Is more exacting than I. It knowsa certain Colonel O'Rourke and hintalone does it need.""The divvle it does! And what wilLit be wanting with me?""I can say at present no more thanrthat. T represent Government In anaffair demandingsecrecy and dispatch.I have a certain diplomatic mlssiontcdischarge, and shall have need, monsieur, of a man strong, bold, venturesome, willing to undertake a long and:perhaps perilous journey." Had DesTrebes been inspired he could haveformulated no speech better calculated;to intrigue the Irishman; the merestecho of its import would have fired:bis hearer's fancy. He added: MAnd Iam authorized to retain for that purpose, should I be fortunate enough tofind him unengaged, a certain Colonel.Terence O'Rourke.""Say no more, monsieur. 'Tiaenough. 'Secrecy dispatch a long,and perilous journey!' Faith I'm jastyour man!""You have no other business of thmoment?""None whatever.""Then I am indeed fortunate.. Andnow, I presume, you will no longerobject to satisfying me as to your idea-tity. ' :"Not in the least. Althoughv tobe;candid, monsieur, I'm not in tb kabrfit of carrying me Bertillion record!about me. But if ye'll have th good-unes to accompany me to tha Orieat.tover there, I'll put your mind at,eabefore ye can say knife."Des Trebes nodded. "I shoaRdelighted, but unfortunately" r W:snapped the case of his watohj tjhave an appointment with a coarr4May we fix a time In half an hpwsaywhen it will be convenleat fbr' you to have ms call at thpitt-r!JPlafiSL Jtct another. xJil..t.t a.GextiwiW is owr 3THE BOURBON NEWS; PARIS, INTUCRY, JAN, S,; 1912!itL 4 Canny Mother-in-Law."My future mother-in-law Is really4t' bit too careful. So that my fiancee4Eh&ll know what to buy after we aremarried, she takes us both with herio the market every morning." "Well,fcut what use are you?" "Oh, I pay."'-Fllegende Blaetter.Were Watching Him.The stranger is there a good criminal lawyer in your town? The Native Wall, everybody thinks we've"ot one, but they ain't been able totprove it on him. Cleveland PlainDealer.Insure with W.Prompt payrngcompanies.O. hinton.non - uniontfNew Australian Diamond Field.New South Wales reports an important n,ew diamond field, Id thenortheastern part of the province. Asusual the diamonds arefound near thecrater of an extinct volcano.Entirely Inadequate.MI offered to let him have a hundred." "That would only be a iflrop inthe bucket-shop." Life.Ends Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But such troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial convinces, Greatest healer of burns,boils, piles, cuts, sores, bruises, eczema and prains. 25c at Oberdorfer's.f W--W-W Permanently Guaranteed Rings For theWhole Family at Reasonable Prices.We suggest that the next time you are seriously thinking ofgiving a gift or buying something for yourself, think of thisfamous W- W-W Insured Ring.Here is a ring that is so good that it is guaranteed for a lifetime by the maker. The W-W-W Ring is so good that the manufacturer of it i, telling over forty million people about it.The reason we are selling this ring is because after thoroughconsideration and inspection we have concluded that it is the bestring in the world. It is the only ring we cen sell you. with theutmost confidence. It is the ring we feel our friends and customersshould buy. It is the one ring that is worthy of a guarantee.The W-W-W Permanently Insured Ring was first made welland guaranteed afterward, and whether you 'wish to pay $2.00,$5.00 or $10.00 for a ring, we suggest that you come here and askfor the famous W-W-W Guaranteed Ring the one jring in all thisworld that is worthy of a guarantee the only ring that we knowthat will give you everlasting pleasure and satisfaction.3?CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYQUEERDOINGS ATMORE.BALTI-By A. W. MACY.There were some queer do- ,Ings at Baltimore eighty yearsago. Witness this from Griffith's "Annals of Baltimore,"published in 1833: "December14 (1829), thirty-seven personsare drawn by one horse, in acar, planned by Mr. Ross Winans, of New Jersey, on theBaltimore and Ohio Railroad, atthe rate of about ten miles perhour, or as fast as the horsecould trot or gallop; which wasdone In the presenpe and to the' astonishment of a multitude ofspectators, who, not having witnessed such an exhibition couldscarcely realize the effect." And"Peter Parley's First Book ofHistory," published about thesame time, says: "But the mostcurious thing at Baltimore isthe railroad. This consists ofiron bars laid along the ground,and made fast so that carriageswith small wheels may runalong them with facility. In thisway, each horse will be able todraw as much as ten horses ona common road. A part of thisrailroad is already done, and ifyou choose to take a ride uponIt, you may do so. You willmount a carriage something likea stage, and then" you will bedrawn along by two horses atthe rate of twelve miles anhour."(Copyright, 1211, by Joseph B. Bowles.)SHIRE & FITHIAN, Jewelers,"The House of Quality."a uulu -rnuiies.JKM More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut graad protection is afforded byElectric Bitters, which destroy and expel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backif not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorfer sEvery Bay a Bargain Bay at Our StoreiDAN COHEN!OUT THEY60!To-Morrow, Saturday,And While They Last0 All Odds and Ends, all Short and Broken Lines causedby the Record-Breaking Holiday business, will be puton Sale at Prices so Low that every pair will find newowners at once.Shoes and Slippers!Including some of this Season's selling lines, at greatreductions. Get here early and get some of thesechoice bargains.WILLIAMS AGAIN ELEOTEDPresent Incumbent Chosen byMillersburg Council by CloseVote to 4 to 3.OTHER OFFICERS CHOSEN.Treasury Shows Town to Be inFine Einancial Shape Other. Millersburg News.Special While They Last:$1 .99 SLadies' Gun Metal, 16-Button Trooper Bootees, short vamps,this Season's latest styles. Save the difference. SpecialMen's Plusfj and Imitation leather House SlippersspecialMen's Box Calf Shoes for, work or dress, $2 valuesspecial39c I$1.49lDAN COHEN336 Main StreetAt The Big Bcclric Sign.Paris, Kentucky.Ignoring the allegecTcharges 0f inefficiency and negligence that had resulted in opposition being brought outagainst him, Joseph Williams, thepresent incumbent, was elected townmarshal by the Millersburg City Council at its regular meeting Wednesdaynight over Henry Bowling who heldthe position prior to the election ofMr. Williams six years ago. The election of Mr. Williams was made possible only by the vote of Mayor Waddell, after the members of the Boardhad become equally divided betweenthe two candidates, the vote standingthree to three, when the Mayor castthe deciding vote.Interest has centered in the electionof the marshal for several days,. Mr.Bowling announcing his candidacy,aoout ten aays ago, and rumors whichreceived flagrant circulation created agreat amount of dissatisfaction andhad the effect of producing a warmfight in the Council chamber whenthat body met.It was learned Tuesday evening thatthree of the board, which is composedof six members had pledged themselves to the support of Bowling, butthe" intensity of the situation increasedwhen it was circulated that the threeof the Councilmen had not qualified onor before the first of January, whichleft the impression that they Wouldhave no voice in the election. JudgeDundon, of Paris, set the rumor torest when he quoted the law on thesubject, which was to the effect thata councilman could be sworn in anytime prior to the first of January oron the date of the first meeting in theyear.The council assembled at 7:30 o'clockwith Mayor Waddell in the chair. Alarge crowd, anticipating a ratherwarm fight, had assembled. The minutes of the last meeting were re.ad andapproved and a number of small accounts approved and ordered paid,which was followed by the election ofofficers.The election ot T. J. Judy as cityclerk was made by -the unanimous voteof the board as was that of J. H. Burroughs, who was nominated for theoffice of city treasurer. Beth menwere elected to succeed themselves,no opposition being presented.Following the election of theseofficers the matter of selecting amarshal was taken up and Mr. HenryBowling was placed in nomination byCouncilman J. J. Peed, which recieveda second from Councilman D. P. Jones.Councilman Rufus Butler put Mr.Williams in nomination, which wasseconded by W. A. Butler. A votewas taken which resulted in tie andJudge Waddell cast the deciding votein favor of Mr. Williams. The electionof Williams resulted in a markeddemonstration on the part of themajority of the spectators, many ofwhom left the city hall before a livelytilt between Councilman W. F. Carpenter and Marshal Williams occurred,in regard to some street woik, andhot word passed between them. Mayor Waddell took a hand in the matterand adjusted th affair.O. H. Collier was elected city assessor and Mayor Waddell announcedthe appointment of his committeeswhich are as follows : Street Committee Rufus Butler, W. A. Butler, E.M. Ingles s Finance Committee W. A.Butler, J. J. Peed, W. F. Carpenter;night Committee Rufus Butler, W.F. Carpenter and E. M. .Ingles; Building Committee T. P. Waddell, E. MIngles, W. F. Carpenter.An ordinance introduced to reducethe laundry license failed to carry. Asummarized report of the city treasurer is as follows: Balance on handJanuary 1, 1911, 2,799.17; collectedfrom taxes, $2, 336. 93; licenses, $399.50;miscellaneous, $119.40; total, $5, 656. 00.The disbursements are as follows:Orders and Warrants, 3.465,07: Balance on hand January 1, 1912, $2,191.93; Total, $5,656 00.According to City Treasurer Burroughs, more than $1,000 will be addedto the city's fund within the next fewdays from taxes now outstandingwhich will be collected within a vervshort period. The city at present isin a better financial conditicn than atany time within the past six years.considering the vast amount of improvements .that have been made. Ina few days the electric Rcht nlantwill be accented and at that timp thocity .will pay to the Fairbanks-MorseCo., of Cincinnati, O.. the sum of1,300, which from the present state,ment will leave over 900 in .the citvtreasury.Except when the saloons existedhere and paid a license into the citytreasury, has there been a morehealthy condition of the city's finances.Judge Waddell and Marshal Willamshave both added greatly to the city'sfund in the amount )f fines assessedand collected. Mr. Williamsjias savtdthe city much in superintending theconstruction of streets, crossings, etc.,which prior to the election six yearsago, was under the supervision of menemployed by the city at a -salary of notless than $2.50 per day. The report oftht treasurer for the past six years isfSioilows: 1906, $1,489.80; 19G7, $V0&9.58;1908, $899.63' 1909, $1,195.84;1910, $.208.07; 1911, $1,86. 57 1912,52,191.23.The charges which are registeredagainst Williams grew out of the difficulty a few nights ago in which anegro was shot in the home of WillWashington,, and the report was started that not one of the participants inthe crap game in which they were engaged were arrested. However it developed that all were taken into custody with the exception of two and ineach case they were find in poliececourt. Will Washington, whp was conducting the game is in (he Paris jailawaiting the action of thu next', grandjury for suffering gamins' on hisIt is said there exist on the outeredges of town several low dives,' butit is impossible to detect any violations of the law that might be goingon there,, due to the fact that onepoliceman is insufficient to detect anyevil practices before operations areceased. .This is the case in many smalltowns, where the officers of the laware constantly watched, and their approach tipped off in ample time to remove incriminating evidence;At regular meeting of Amity LodgeNo. 40 F. & A. M. Tuesoay night theofficers ulected a few nights ago wereinstalled. After the installation theingoing Worshipful Master, M. P. Collier, delivered an inaugural address,talking for some time along the line ofMasonry and what it stood for. Hethen pointed out briefly the policy heproposed to pursue during the comingyear closing by appointing theSstewarts and committees, which are as follows:. Stewarts Henry Bowling andT. T. Bentley; Committee on FinanceF. F. Hurst, W. M. Miller and D.E. Clarke; Sick and Relief-W. V.Shaw, P. L. Dimmitt and D. P. Jones;Trustees E. P. Thomason, J. G. Allen and V. L. Bartcn.As I am going to. leave MillersburgI submit the following property forsale otf Saturday, Februarj 3, 1912:One house and Jot in Judyville, nowoccupid by Mr. J. P. Auixer and family. The house is new and in thoroughcondition, also my storeroom on SouthMain street, with rooms attached forsmall familie. This property can bebought right.SIMON GILI3PIE.Estill Harof Mrs. E.Misses Lucy Stout andvin, of Ewing, are guestsC. Hawkins.M. M. I. and M.Wednesday after thegoud attendance.F. C. reopenedholidays with aDr. Floyd Long jias returned to hisduties at Chicago University afterspending the holidays at home.Quite a number from here attendedthe opening sale of the loose leaf tobacco market at Carlisle Monday.Mr. and Mrs. J. Clarke Leer, Jr.,returned Monday from their weddingtour and are at home with his parents,Mr. and Mis. W. G. Leer.Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Mason, St.Joseph, Mich., and Miss Lucy Mason,Maysville, arrived Monday as guestsof Mr. J M. Mason and family. .W have foi sale 1,000 black lecustfence posts. Extra good.PEALlS COLLIER & CO.,Millersburg, Ky.Mr. J. C. Leer has purchased morethan 250,000 pounds of tobacco thisseason and returned Thursday fromthe Louisville tobacco market.Mrs. S M.. Allen and children returned Tuesday from the home of herparents, Mr. and Mrs. E. Woods, atStanford, where they spent the Christmas holidays.Dr. and Mrs. S. H. Crayton andlittle son, Taylor, left Monday fortheir home at Indianapolis, Ind.. afterspending the Christmas holidays withMrs. Belle Taylor and family.Miss Jennie Marie Pepper has resigned her position as clerk in thepostoffice and will resume her studiesat the M. F. C, this being her senioryear. She has made a kind andefficient clerk and was always attentiveto the wants of the patrons. She issucceeded by Miss Lucille Dailey, oneof our most popular young ladies, .who is in every way qualified for theposition.The following are among the numberwho spent the New Year holidays hereMisses Roslia. Santen arid Miss iaT7Cronan, Paris, with ;Mrs. RusaeiMitchell;. Mrs. R. P. Hopper and HVson, Richard, Mayslick, with hr 7ter, Mrs. J. C. Leer; Mrs. Templemaaand Mr. John Ross, Carliale, with aland Mrs. E. M. Ingles ; Prof. S hDolly, Lexington. W. Va., with Mi-aElizabeth Ingles; Mesdames J Fxuuujjjsuh uuu oiyua Aaams; ;wwith Mrs. E. C. HawKins.RELIGIOUS.inSundsRev. J. M. Maxon will bepulpit at the Episcopal churchmorning at 10 :4d and afternoono clock.At the prayer meeting at tChristian church Wednesday mMisses Frances Champ and GertrudeLusk were received into the fellowshof the church. The ordinance of bap.tism was administered to Miss AnrMay Munson.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be ihis pulpit at the Baptist church Suday morning and evening. The evn-nsubjeect will be "The Meanest Individual in Paris," and his discourse athe morning service will be from izsubject "An Ideal Church."LADY WANTEITo introduce cur very complete l.nof beautiful wool suitings, wajNfabrics, fancy wpistings, silks, etchanderchiefs, laces and petticoats. A ,up to date N. Y. City patterns. Fine,line on the market. Dealing direcwith the mills you will find our pricelow. Profits $10.00 to $30.00 week!Samples and full instructions packein a neat sample case shipped expressprepaid. No money required. Exclusive territory. Write for particularBe first to apply.STANDARD DRESS GOODS CO.,Desk 605. Bingharaton, N.Low Round TripHomeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Alexicc,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin. Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 21days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will b-j12 days from date of sale. Libera",stopovers allowed in horneseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. GeorgisLouisana, New Meixeo and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on crwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.fGOES ONCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.YOU can't keep up without a Bank Account. The marchof time adds to the value of but one thins- MON RYplacedThwart time.mthe bank. All' else rWnv IWnvn.Save money and but it in the Bank.it.We pay 3 per -cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OFPARIS.Capital $1 00,000Surplus S 30,000premises. v; '. 7 - - - 11 HHHi'Hpji