jrTHE BOURBONPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1912THE COMMITTEEr"1&7jried and &ound &uiltip&f"WE KNOW MOW "5?Meet L. & N. Officials in Louisville Wednesday and PojectLooks Like Certainty.NEWS.MUCHENCOURAGEDW Of Selling the Most CoodsjK For the Least Money.$ wW 16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1 .OO $2 cans good Corn 15c mGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1 -2c $j Old Reliable Coffee, per lb f 30c jj2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus : 20cW Full qt. can Karo Syrup ' ... 1 OcW ftNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 4-5 c Jjg8 bars Lenox Soan 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25c& Medium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 cW BLUE 'RIBBON FLOURA 25-Eb Sack 70cA 50-lb Sack $ 1 .40A 1 OO-lb Sack : $2.75$S Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town on ijffiS grocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade at Sj)Lenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods for ijf(J less money. VI?& f1 T. C. LENIHAN, Ij Cash Grocery. $& Both Phones 234Ad Early ShipmentOFSpring Hats and CapsFORMEN AND BOYS 5We Are Showing All Latest Shapes and ColorsA Beautiful Line of Shirts at50c,$1,$1.50Come in and Let Us Take Your Measure forYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.50 to $45.00 .500 Samples on DisplayPRI6k&60.6IOtHi6rmmmHimmmmkmmMR. L. P. BELL IS TO RETURNEngineer Will Complete His Taskof Securing Right of WayIn Bourbon.Much encouraged over the attitudeof the Louisville and Nashville railroad officials following a conferenceheld Wednesday in Louisville thecommittee composed of Mayor J. T.Hintcn, representing the city of Parisand Messrs. H. S. Caywood and JohnT. Collins representing the citizens ofNorth Middletown, returned'' homeyesterday morning.Mr. John J. Redmon, of NorthMiddletotfn, received a telephone message from Mr. L. P. Bell, who was inLouisville Tuesday asking that a committee be sent to Louisville to conferwith the officials regarding the proposed route for the nsw railroad throughBourbon county. Mr. , Bell, who hasbeen here for some time securingoptions on land through which theroad is to pass, went to LouisvilleSaturday night where he made his report. At the instance of Mr. Redmon, Mayor Hinton and Messrs. Collins andCajwood were selected to representthe county in the conference whichwas very satisfactory to both the railroad officials in their opinion and therepresentative committee.The committee was in conferencewith Mr. J. Howe Payton,? assistantto President Milton Smith, to whomthe report of Mr. Bell was made, andfrom the fact that the officials weredesirous of meeting a committee fromBourbon leaves the impression thatthey were very much pleased with hisefforts while here.That there has been a very favorable turn in affairs regarding thepossibility of the proposed rout isvery evident. Mr. Payton, while notin a position to commit himself, according to u member of the committeewhich conferred with him, seemedmuch impressed with the feasibility pfestablishing the new road, and thatthe route over which it is to extend isthe most, local both from the point ofless expense'in construction and as ameans of -furnishing the most rapidtransportation facilities from the coalfields into which the Louisville andNashville is'pushing its lines, to theNorth.It is said the idea of Mr. Payton isto have the matters pertaining to theoptions secured along the right of wayclearly settled and property ownerswho have not granted options conferred with before another step is taken,then after going over the route thatmatter will be submitted to PresidentMilton Smith and the executive boardfor their approval or disapproval.With this in view Mr. Bell, who hasbeen working on the proposed routewill again take up the work and wasto arrive in Paris last night He willbegin immediately to see all of theproperty owners from whom optionshave not been secured with a view ofbringing the matter to an early closewhen it will be taken to ihe higherofficials of the road.Little time has been lost since it became apparent that the Louisville andNashville was earnest in its desire tosecure a right of way with the view ofbuilding a road through this territoryand les3 than a month has elapsedsince the work of securing options wasbegun. Since that time the work hasbeen pursued with the greatest hastewith the result that there is but asmall number of options to be secured(Continued on Page 8.). 1SprinOptemnThursday,March 21Grand Display ofMILLINERY,SUITS, COATS,DRESSES, SKIRTS,WAISTS, DRY GOODS.Everybody is cordiallyinvited to be prisen3Iusie from 1 to 5 p. w. and 7 to 9 p. m.The Simon Department Store.iCOME IN AND HAVE A PITDress well and you will feel andwork well. To do so you neednot pay a fictitious price to a tailor. $Dressed in one of our smart Suitsyou canft&sigaJ ft?Stcjj In The Easter ParadeWith The Best of Them.JIT The very latest in Stetson iSoftHats to select f rom Springstyles now complete. Stetson andKorrect Shape Shoes.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckyi9teii!iiimiiini mjimtjui 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i i iriii i ri 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ri 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiijMiMiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiit? i iriiH& 15iZFRANK fc CThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.-V.Now ShowingNewest Spring StylesIn ' -Ladies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses andCoats.Come in and Take a Look.iSpecialSILK SKIRTS, - $1 .9SBlack, White and All Colors.iMItobaecQSPECIALColton at Lowest Prices;!j rJFrank & Co.Paris, - KfruickyftmSin;nn!U!iumirmiuiwiTj nHHiiiiiiJiiiiiiiiHininuiMiiiiMiHiinmHiiiiiM'StTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 15, 1912FREE REMEDY HELPS CHILDRENMany a mother has learned of ayray of avoiding sickness in her family, especially among the children, bythe use of a free sample bottle of thefamous laxative, Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. This offer of the doctor's tosend a free sample bottle has been responded to by thousands of womenin all parts of America.Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin is af;truly wonderful laxative and espetcially adapted to the needs of babies- and children because it is pleasant tot taste and no child will refuse it. Then,it is mild and never gripes. It is allthat a child's remedy should be,though it is a good laxative for thewhole family because it is effectiveat all ages. It is not dynamic likesalts, pills and powerful cathartics,which should not be given to chil- dren under any circumstances.IBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.toBourbontototoJParss, Kentucky.LocandaThe Fastest Son of AHerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:09X, the world's leading sire of standard performers;,dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33-KHolder of world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter Billiken (3) 2:16 14Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading'; sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner.of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.19f Sire of Black Wig 2:07X. Remorseful 2:08X, Dorcas H. 2:0 Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19X, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.Tom 3ZEstoXi.The-celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. TomJVlack is the best breeder of mules that euer stoad in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfM, Paris, Ky.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for 'The' 'Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery."We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Hot and ColdB ATMS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A; KAHAL.Nine tirites out of ten when a childcomplains and you don't know exactly what is the matter with it, itneeds a laxative its bowels are constipated. Syrup Pepsin will correctthe trouble, tone up the child andsoon it will be well again wonderful results have been secured withSyrup Pepsin over night.You can buy it of any druggist atfifty cents or a dollar a bottle, thelatter being the family size, but youare invited to make a test of it firstat the doctor's expense. Send himyour address today and he will sendyou a free sample bottle direct toyour home. Then when satisfied buyit of your favorite druggist.For the free sample address him.Dr. W. B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwellbuilding, Monticello, 111.wstototowwUS!Office Opp. PostofficcA P riicular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,IS2:02FRUIT AND SHADE TREES !Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Peonies andPhlox everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.H. F. Hillenraeyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ I J. WTLXjIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Bnildiner.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones .jgt?o;;i S E. T. 38136.136.E. T. 384."'""' Home 334.DR. A. B KELIiER,Practicing Physician,Offices,3Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyFOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep-; bath -room, newroof, gSs leading to house; large gardeu and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 36423 tf , , Paris, Ky.THE BOURBON NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of" Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading noticed, 10 cents, per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Place the Tax Where it Should beInstead of taxing sugar nearly twocents a pound, place a tax on wealth.The Democratic House of Representatives has announced this as a part ofits program to bring about a reductionin the cost of living.Now get ready for the old cry : "Youcan't do it; it's unconstitutional."Whenever it is proposed to tax wealthinstead of poverty, wealth raises thequestion of constitutionality, accompanied with the charge of "radicalism."The income tax is not radical. Everyfirst class nation of the earth exceptthis one raises a part of its revenueto meet the expenses of governmentby taxing incomes, among such nations being Great Britain, Japan,Prance, Denmark, Germany, Holland,Austria, Switzerland, Australia, NewZealand and many more.Under ourpresent fiscal policy theexpense of maintaining the army andnavy, building public buildings andrunning the government is met by taxing the things the people must have inorder to live. Practically all revenueis derived from the customs houses andinternal revenue offices, with the exception of a comparatively "mallamount derived from the corporationtax, which was recently passeck-as acheating substitute for an incornt'tax.While thejiat, coats and shirts o themasses are taxed almost 71 per centunder this fiscal system, Rockefeller,xMorgan, and the other millionairesare not asked by the federal governmentto pay any tax whatever on theirswollen fortunes. Thus a poor manwith a family actually pays more toward running the government thandoes a millionaire bachelor.The Democratic 'plan is to placesugar on the free list. ThiB will repealthe tax on the breakfast table, nowborne by the Ameri can people. Thenthe present corporation tax will be extended to include individuals and copartnerships having an annua! incomeuf 5,000 or more. The excess of income over 5,000 will be taxed one percent, bringing into the treasury between .$50,000,000 and S60,OoVoOO ayear, which will more than cover the53,000,000 now derived annually fromthe sugar tariff. The price ofJsugar tothe consumer it is estimated, will thenbe reduced about 1 1-2 cents a pound.Those who scout the idea that an income tax bill can be so drawn as tostand the test of the Supreme Court,may be referred to the opinion of anyone of the country's leading lawyers,William Howard Taft, as follows: "Inmy judgment an amendment to theconstitution for an income tax is notnecessary. I believe that the incometax when the protective system of customs and internal revenue tax shallnot furnish enough for governmentneeds, can and should be devised whichunder the decisions of the SupremeCourt will conform to the constitution." Witticism at Lambs' Frolic.It was at one of the famous "frolics" given by the Lambs. Mr. CharlesFrohman had made an extremely neatand appropriate speech. There was loudapplause at Its finish, and then' "Author!" "Author!" cried Mr. AugustusThomas, standing up on his chair.Manifest Swindle.First City Man "How are you coming along with your poultry venture?"Second Ditto "I've been swindled. Ibought three incubators of differentmakes and not one of them' has laidan egg yet! " Lippincotfs Magazine.Queen 4 Crescent Route.Reduced fares to Cincinnati and retrun account World in Cincinnati," amissionary exposition of interest toall. Tickets on sale March 11 to 13inclusive; 18 to 20 inclusive; 25 to 27,'incluisve; and April 1 to 3, inclusive;good returning within four days including date of sale. ,Apply to nearestticket agent Queen & Crescent routefor full information.Orchard Pruning.If not previously given attention,the present month affords one of thebest opportunities to give to manyorchards their needed winter- pruning.If done annually the pruning will beusually a light one, but in perhaps amajority of the orchard in Kentuckythe jeork is neglected from year toyear until more radical treatment mjybe necessary. In the trees thus neglected, in which little recent growthhas been made and-with lowered vitality, a vigorous winter pruning tendsto quicken the activities of the treeand if followed by feeding cultivationand spraying will often bring suchtrees into a profitable bearing condition within a short time.A tree, however, already growingvigorouslywill require pruning somewhat guardedly, as ka severe pruningat this season will often rpnnlt in nrank growth of water sprouts duringthe spring and summer. Anv suchovergrowth of a tree when seen in amature specimen is usually due to astrong soil, thorough tilling or overmanuring and may usually be checkedby withholding tillage and manure andseeding down for a while.In one of its fundamental objectspruning is not materially unlike tirepurpose of a farmer, when in- hiscorn field by replanting or by thinninghe tries to secure a uniform stand ofpaints neither too few nor too manystalks in each hill.So in a tree top it is importantamong other things for the largestpioduction of fruit that there shouldbe a full stand of branches forming around, full headed tree with suchmodifications of form as are characteristic of the variety well filled on allsides, yet nowhere so crowded as toprevent the free circulation of air andnoerai admission or light.The most common error in .the practice of pruningjs in cutting , a branch jseveral inches out from the main stem Jupon which it grew. Frequently this 'pruning is done with an ax leavingstubs threa to six inches long. Thisis a ruinous practice, for the long stubcannot be covered over with new healing tissue and in a few years decaywill be started in this spur and scontravel down into the main branch ortrunk of the tree; finally resulting ina rotten hearted or hdlow tree, a delightful place while it lasts for thewoodpeckers to nest, but soon destinedto be broken down in a gale of wind ora sleet storm. Thousands of apple andother trees in Kentucky have beenbrought to an untimely end throughsuch methods of pruning.In removing the branch of a tree itis of great importance to saw it offclose to the branch or trunk uponwhich it "was growing. If it is a largeand heavy branch, first make an undercut upon the lower side of the limb,then complete upon the upper side sothat in falling away the branch maynot tear off a strip of wood and bark,leaving an ugly wound upon the mainbrpneh. The cut surface, if more thanan inch across, should be brushed withpaint or some similar material to prevent decay starting in the wood beforeit has becutne healed over.Pruning, however, is only one of theseveral practices needed in mostorchards and should be followed byspraying, by fertilizing and by tilage.C. W. MATTHEWS.Prof, of Horticulture and Botany.Thomas May Get Appointment.A dispatch from Frankfort to theLouisville Post says: "While thereisn't a job at the disposal of Gov. McCreary, at the close of this legislativesession, with which the name of someSenator or Representative is not connected in the gossip going the roundsof the Capital, the only sure tip seemsto be the appointment of SenatorClaude M. Thomas, of liourbon county, as Commonwealth's Attorney forthe old Fourteenth Judicial district, tosucceed Robert B. Franklin, whocomes ovre into the new Thirty-sixthditsrict, the county of Franklin."Senator Thomas is not an applicantfor the place in any sense of the word,but it is understood that it is to betendered him by the Governor whenthe, law becomes effective in Junenext! His district will be the countiesof Bourbon, Scott and Woodford, andthe Circuit Judge is Judge Robert L.Stout, of Woodford. Senator Thomasis one of the best lawyers in the district and his appointment will givegeneral satisfaction."Connected with the gossip relativeto the appointment of Senator Thomasis the story that the Governor willname Judge James H. Polsgrove, ofthe Frankfort bar, as Judge of thenew Thirty-eighth district"aretheTwo Great Creatorsof EnergyEnergy means powerpower to work, to think,to throw off and keepoff disease.Get all the sunshineyou can, and takecotPs Emulsionregularly. It will giveyou strength, flesh andvitality.Be sure to get SCOTT'Sit's the Standard and alwaysthe best.AU, DRUGGISTS11-19S3WOMEN TAKE NOTICE !A man cannot understand the torture end suffering many women eadwstracomplainiMgly. If the majority of men suffered as much pain and endured withpatience the weakening sicknesses that most women do, they would ask foirimmediate sympathy and look for a quick curs.Many women have been saved from a life of misery and suffering by turningto the right remedy Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription a remedy which is safeto take because containing no narcotics, alcohol or injurious ingredients. It is oaalterative extract of roots, made wi-h pure glycerin, and first given to the publicby that famous specialist in the diseases of women Dr. R. V. Pierce, of thsInvalids' Hotel and Surgicd Institute of Buffalo, N. Y.Hns. Hessheihes. stomach, liver andGEO. W.SAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALIER.BOTH'PHONESWhy not you Join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonsPARIS, KY.East Tenn.INC OBPFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills.'When you have East1 I A H' fn onhnno onnTn'nn ' 'The East Tennessee Telephone Co. Incorporated,NOTICETO8ueaE?3 m farmers!Market Price I am Paying For JHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICH,8fch Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Jlnnk LanqbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TALBOTTTpEtris, KentuckyALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.Mes. Lizzie M. Hesshedito, of Lincoln, Neb., 529CSfc.,says: "I send a testimonial with, much pleasure so that somasuffering woman may lenow the true worth of your remedies.I was a yrezt sufferer from female troubles but after taking"one bottle of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, which afriend advised me to take, I found myself very 'much fan-E roved. After taking three more bottles, and using twooxes of Dr. Pierce'3 Lotion Tablets, I found myself on theroad to recovery., I was in poor health for five years butnow I am enred."I hope all women suffering from female weakness willgive Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription a fair trial.Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigoratebowels. Suar-caated, tiny granules.DAVISDAY137; NIGHT 299.Telephone Co.ORATEDTennessee service youModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.will not be yours unless youMajestic Rangein -Your Kitchen!Come in and see them. They3BARBERHOPare the best made.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 15, 1912.NOTES aLoznHorses are even grazers.Green corn makes excellent silage.Young cabbage plants need protection. All pure-bred sires are not possessedof equal merit.Nothing looks nicer than a displayof nice, fresh eggs.Constipation is. the cause of manytroubles with hogs.Ashes and1 salt should be given tothe hogs twice a week.Cowpeas and barley, are not common crops to grow, together.Some grains are the favorite food ofchickens, while others are not.Undesirable milk in many cases canbe traced to unclean milk utensils.Sheep should be kept on the average farm to aid in keeping down weedlife.Proper feeding and exercise willproduce style along with the colt'sgrowth.Work stock will require more protein than can be obtained from grainand hay.Sweet potatoes fed to poultry arefattening, but give a yellow tinge tothe flesh.The importance of the hay crop hasnever come to be fully appreciated inthis country.-fileFARMZAdd fertility to the soil.Clean up the poultry buildings.Onions require a fine and firm seedbed.Take good1 care of the brood sowsfrom now on.Most men have their favorite varieties of stock.The brood sows should have someroots, if possible.The boars should be isolated "fromthe rest of the herd.Chickens need decent housing,proper feed, and some care.The feed for young guineas may bethe same as for young turkeys.Cold weather has prepared the soilfor a bounteous crop next summer.Oats without hulls is one of the jmost valuable of all grains for poultry. Kaffir meal is the best grain tooffset the laxative effects of skimmilk. sIf a farmer desires to improve hisflock, let him begin with pure bredmales.In feeding a milk cow a corn ration reduce the ration at first indication of fattening.Standard utility fowls must be selected for the greatest egg productionand quick maturity.Don't forget that your cattle, hogs,horses, and sheep all need salt; notspasmodically but regularly.No farmstead is complete withouta generous space devoted to a gardenfor small fruits and vegetables.During the winter the dairy farmerhas more time to figure out his plansfor improving his system of farming.The breeding of high-class hackneystallions to high-class trotting mareshas passed beyond the experimentalstage.You may feed all the food yourhens can possibly use, but if you areshort on grit the result will not besatisfactory.The Embden, perhaps, makes a little better market bird than the Toulouse, but the latter lays more eggs,often forty in a season.Don't burn up any kind of coarselitter that accumulates around thefeed yards, but save it to mulch different plants In the garden.In shoeing, the foot, should onlyhave so much hoof removed from itat each shoeing as is necessary forthe proper fitting of the shoe.Turkeys more than any other poultry seem to require fresh air. Theywill roost in trees during a snowstorm and not seem to mind it a bit.A mixture of barley, cornmeal,wheat bran and roots will put fleshon horses fast. With this, of course,a small quantity of hay should begiven.One hears a great deal about thecost of feed this winter, but this costis not so important as is the size ofprofits realized in feeding this highpriced feed.No branch of husbandry now pursued offers better opportunities forprofits for the amount of money invested-and the time expended thanthe production of hogs.Good quality wheat straw, which isneither moldy nor dusty, will make afair roughage for horses, and whenfed in moderate amounts should notprove injurious in any way.The men who suffer least duringthe dry season are the dairy farmers.They "always have an income, forthere is always some crop that canbe fed profitably to the cows.The skimmilk calf becomes accustomed to eating grain and hay earlyin life, consequently, when it is weaned, the change of feed is not so noticeable as it is with the whole milkcalf, and it does not suffer a setbackat this time.When ordering harness for thespring work have the collars made toorder. Take the horses to the harness maker and get him to make cot... m. mv.n.Q ?o Tntninsrlars that win m. - "man sore duuuwnnrp pnnovinScientists say it takes at least fourpounds of feed to make one pound ofgain in fowls.Keeping a dairy on any farm shouldmean that the fertility of that farm isbeing increased.Hay that is free from weeds is always much more valuable than haythat is weedy.Many breeders overlook the importance of supplying variety in the feedfor the brood sow.A good horse is a valuable animaland deserves and should have the bestof care and good feed.Young calves are necessarily rather filthy in their habits and never dowell in damp, dirty pens.Incubators and brooders may beused for hatching geese, although notmuch employed for that purpose.Great care should be taken in selecting laying hens, since they exertso great an influence on the progeny.Onion seed should be tested forgermination before being purchasedbecause it soon loses its vitality withage.A good way of sowing some hardypasture grasses is to scatter the seedon the snow just before it melts inthe spring.The buyer discounts a thin horsemore than his condition deserves, andjust as often credits the fat horseabove his real deserts.As a general thing it is the bestplan to feed hay and other roughagethat may stir up dust after the milkis taken out of the barn.Cold milk never separates as completely as warm milk. Thus it is goodeconomy to have the separator bowlwarm before the milk Is put in.Equal parts of wheat chaff and finecut clover hay, mixed with wheatbran and wheat millfeed, may be fedto the horses in place of corn and hay.Sudden changes in the food ofsheep should be avoided. Changeonly one portion of the ration atonce and make that change gradually. It is a mistaken idea to think thatyou are saving feed by cutting downthe cow's ration. The best way is tomake her eat all that she can eatprofitably.Turnips may flavor the eggs.They are not as palatable as mangels;in fact, some birds will not eat themat all, but at the same time they haveconsidered food value.Just after meaning, the calf shouldnot be fed more than ten pounds ofmilk per day, divided into three feedings; this should be given at bloodtemperature, about 100 degrees.Rock phosphate, muriate of potash,nitrate of soda and other chemicalsmay be used successfully in the growing of lettuce under grass, but theymust be employed with care and intelligence. Seed corn that was saved last fallshould be looked after now. It isnot too early to begin testing. Remember, the man who finds that hemust buy corn and gets in his orderfirst gets the choice purchase.Wash the hand separator thoroughly. The separator that is not thoroughly scalded after being washed willsoon give your dairy products a blackeye by breeding all kinds of harmfulgerms which work rapidly in givingtaints and odors to the cream andbutter. 1- i-u - - -Your Home And All Its Comforts! !hisStoreIs Willingto Furnish Them!Waiting: to make your home just the home you want it. Comfy, cozy and up-to-date. Noneed forego the advantages of their own home This store is ready to supply every needed thing.Goods new and modern, prices right, terms reasonable.Come let us furnish your little home, won't you?o?tKitchenCabinets.A nice Solid Oak Kitchen Cabinet,just like cutillBissel SweepersRangesOur Ranges and Cook Stoves arecomplete, and the prices we areoffering is worth your while to calland see.Cook Stoves $10.75 up.Ranges $25 up to $60.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,imCarpets, Rugs,Matting.We are the CarpetStore when Springcleaning time comes.Main Street, Paris, Ky.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseThe Men Who Succeedas heads of large enterprises are menof great energy. Success today demands health. To ail is to fail. It'sutter folly for a man to endure a weakrun-down, half alive condition whenElectric Bitters will pnt him right onhis feet in short order. "Four bottlesdid me more real good than any othermedicine T ever took,'' writes Chas.B. Allen, Sylvania,Ga. "After yearsof suffering with rheumatism, livertrouble, stomach disorders, and deranged kidneys, I am again, thanksto Electric Bitters, sound and well."Try them. 50c at Oberdorfer's.State of Ohio, City of Toledo, ILucas County. - )Frank J. Cheney maks oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each an every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHEENY & CO., To'edo, O.Sold cy all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills tor constr-pation.Uncle Ezra Says"It don't take more'n a gill nv effortto git folks into a peck of trouble,"and a little neglect of constipation,biliousness, indigestion or other liverderangement will do the same. If ailing take Dr. King's New Life Pillsfor quick results Easy, safe, -sure,and only L5c at Oberdorfer's. 'What We Never Forgetaccording to science, are the thingsassociated with our early home life,such as Bucklen's Arnica Salve,' thatmother or grandmother used to,.cureour burns, boils, scalds, sores, skineruptions, cuts, sprains or bruises.Forty years of cures prove its merit.Unrivaled for piles, corns or cold sores.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Many Driven From Home."Ever vear m manv parts tuecountry thousands are driven fromtheir homes by coughs and lung diseases. Friends and business are left. behind for other climates, but this iscostly and not always sure. A betterway the way of multitudes is touse Dr. King's New Discovery andcure vourself at home. Stav rishtithere with your friends and take thissafe medicine. Throat and lung troubles find quick relief and health returns. Its help in coughs, colds.grip,croup,whooping cough and sore lungsmake it a positive blessing. 50c andSI. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.Smoke Nuisance."Mother, what is a smoke nuisance V"Your father."! Are You a Woman?TAKEARDUIWoman s-4the midst of harvest.NTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 15, 1912Absolutely PtirMakes HomeNo other aid to the housewifeis so great, no other agent souseful and certain in makingdelicious, wholesome foodsThe only Baking PowdermadeRoyal Grape Cream of TartarHa Mum Ho Lime PhosphatesINDIGESTIONThousands of men and women resuffering from diseases caused by fouldecaying food in their sto nachs. Thiscauses dangerous poison gases whichmakes the breath unbearable, poisonsthe blood, deadens the brain, shatters jthe nerves. The evil effects of indigestion and dyspepsia are too we.lknown to be dilated upon. The newremedy for these troubles is a naturaland harmless one called "DigestifMatter of Perseverance.Bishop Burgess of Long Island,speaking of his crusade against Sunday flying, said-: "I am against theformation of bad habits, whether theybe habits of laziness, or selfishness,or of Sunday flying. 'Be sure,' we aretold be sure your sin will find youout' That is true, but it is also truethat, when your sin pays you a second,third and fourth call, it generally findsyou fn."The Moral of Years."We are the children of our owndeeds. Conduct has created a character; acts have grown into habits; eachyear has pressed into us a deeper'moral print; the lives we have led5have left us such as we are today.Dykes.Mean Statement.Gillet "Randolph is furious everytime he hears of a man running offwitn anotner man's wire. .ferry"Yes, it makes him wild because noone elopes with his." New York Tribune. 33p.. nejiNecuetornJapModelIs the Businessplan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low, Ibroad heel, and toeexpressionof goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheaty single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.f eo. McWilliams.Baking EasyfromIS POISON.little tablets that contain all the ingredients necessary to digest food. Acouple of "Digestif 1 tablets will digest all the food in your stomach, killpoisonous gases, make you feel fine.It has relieved teousands. Their ownstatements are proof. You can try itfor yourself. Your money will be refunded if "Digestif fails 50c. Askat G. S. Varden & Son's.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESBert McClintock purchased lastweek of Maysviile parties six head ofextra good mules at private figures.A. P. Adair & Son, of near thiscity, had ten Southdown ewes to droptwenty-one lambs and have succeededin saving twenty.John Wiggins fand Wm. Smith, ofHutchison, who grew 36,000 pounds oftobacco on 30 acres, delivered theircrop to the Lexington market toparties in that city at 11 1-4 cents perpound.The highest price recorded on theloose leaf market at Lexington, so farthis year was paid Monday when abasket of Burley tobacco belonging toBrent and Mink, of Bourbon, sold at54 cents per pound.The Montgomery county fair boardhas changed the date of its meetingfrom the week of July 30 to July 23and running four days. The changewa made to avoid a conflict with theGeorgetown fair.J. Elmer Boardman, of Bonrbon,purchased this week of Lee Cravens ofnear Little Rock, a carload of heifersaveraging 735 pounds at 5 cents perpound. Mr. Boardman shipped thecattle to Cincinnati Tuesday.R. B. Hutchcraft, of Paris, hasdisposed of 67 acres of land adjoiningthe G. W., Wyatt farm near RuddlesMills, to G. W. Moreland, of Bourboncounty, at $6,030. The land is situatedon Stoner creek. Posessiont will begiven at once.g- &SfcPJv James B. Haggin, New Yorkmillionaire, added another large sliceof blue grass land to his extensiveElmendorf estate Wednesday by the.purchase from Mr. and Mrs. John ,N.Fister of their 110 acre farm on theParis and Lexington pike, two and ahalf miles from Lexington. With thisaddition Mr. Haggin now owns approximately 9,000 acres of fine bluegrass land.MAPLEHURST FARM.Jl:Locanda, 2:02, the fastest of the getof Allerton, 2:0914, was one of thegamest of the many game sons of thatmighty sire. He is also one of the mostbeautiful stallions the turf has knownand in his racing days turf writersdivided space between tributes to hisability as a race horse and the superbindividuality which captivated his audiences. Of splendid breediner on bothsides of the pedigree, the fee of 50 fora living foal which his owner, W. A.Bacon, Paris, Ky. , has placed on hisservices, seems small indeed, and shouldresult in a quickly filled book.In the stud with Locanda, are thenoted sire Wiggins, 2, 2:19, and thefast Peter JBilliken, 3-year-old record2:161 over a half-mile track. Wigginshas gained distinction as a sire, havingthree in ihe2:10 list and a total of 33in the standard record roll of honor.Peter Billiken is not only a trottingsensation but one of the best bred sonsof the famed futurity sire, Peter theGreat, 2:074, as his dam, Baron Lassie,is a daughter of Baron Wilkes, one ofmost renowned broodmare sires of theage. and his second dam, Annie Sharp,is a producing daughter of Nutwood.In six starts .during his 3-year-old formin 1911, Peter Billiken was three timesfirst, twice second and once third, andshowed his ability to trot a half-miletrack in 2:13. He is a big colt, of the;fibre that will develop into a grand sire.As a two-year-old he sired a few colts,and these 'show up well at the trot.Peter Billiken is standing: at $50 for aj living foal and Wiggins at $25. A neatbooklet containing some interestingthings regarding these stallions hasbeen issued by Mr. Bacon, and will besent to any applicant.Princess Hal, 2:06V the good racemare, owned by Frank Hedrick, ofJamestown, Ohio, has been bred to.Peter Billiken, 3, 2:16.. ,Bourbon Circuit Court.'The first few days of the Marchterm of the Bcurbon Circuit Courthav,e been of a rather slow order andnothing of importance has come up fortrial. Tuesday and Wednesday weteconsumed in hearing motions and theassigning of cases for trial,Col. R. B. Franklin. who was detained in Frankfort un the opening day byreason of hi3 having business in theFederal Court, arrived Tuesday to assume his duties as Commownealth'sAttorney. The grand jury has been indaily session but nothing has beengiven to the public. It is said thebody is investigating the cases wherethe accused are confined in the countyjail awaiting the action of the grandjury, and it is probable they will makea partial report in a few, days in orderfor them to secure a trial at this termof court.Yesterday was consumed in tryingtwo small suits, that of E. F. Spears& Sons vs. the Louisville and Nashville railroad and Queenie Jackson vs.J. H. Haggard. In the former casethe jury returned a verdict in favor ofthe plaintiffs awardine them theamount of their suit, $61.50. In thelatter case the jury failed to reach anagreement and were excused by JudgeStout until this morning at 9 o'clockwhen they will resume their deliberations.TUESDAY.Judge Stout assignedcases for trial :thefollowingCommonwealth vs. Dan Elite, felonious assault, third day.Commonwealth vs. Harry Bartonand others, grand larceny, fifth day.Commonwealth vs. Chas. Darnell,felony, seventh dajCommonwealth vs. Ben Hickman,murder, seventh day.Commonwealth vs. Paris Water Co.,nuisance, ninth day.Commonwealth vs. Kentucky distillers & Warehouse Co., nuisance,ninth day.In the case of the Commonwealth vs.Robert Cunningham, indicted for involuntary manslaughter, was continued to the June term of court.The following cases are set for Wednesday, the ninth day of the term :Commonwealth vs. Kentucky Distillers and Warehouse Company.Same vs. the Paris Water Company.Same vs. Julius Kessler & Co.Same vs. Jonas Weil.Same vs. John T. Hinton.WEDNESDAY.Wednesday morning in Circuit Courtwas consumed in hearing motions inassigning for trial a number of caseswhen court adjourned until 9 o'clockWednesday morning. The followingcases were set tor trial :J. D. Keller vs. the L. k N. railroadfor Thursday, the tenth day of theterm.Leila Judy vs. Same; Leer Bros.vs. same, and Louisville TobaccoWarehouse company vs. same for Friday, the eleventh day of the term.Jacob Hiuks vs. Albert Snapp, andJohn bnyder vs. L. & N. railroad company, for Monday, the twelfth day.rr n in 1 1 ... , .iwu easeH OI YY. Kji. lvlCUllIltOCK VSL.. & JN. railroad company for Tuesday, the thirteenth day of the termJohn J. Peed & Co. vs. L. & N. rail. TT CI f f n y-wuy ; u. o. x-epper uo. vs. samefor Wednesday, the fourteenth day oftne term.Mrs. Amanda Wilson vs. L. & Nrairload for Thursday, the fifteenthday of the termine case or Amanda Wilson againsttne jl & jn., is an appeal from thecounty court and relates to the cnndemnation of the right of way throughme property ot the plamtitf at Shawhan station. The case of Keller againstfU T i. V? : 1 ii-m xj. ix. x. io muiiK me same lines.All ot the other suits are the resultot the hre which occurred in Millersburg and destroyed certain warehousesin which the tobacco of the BurleyxoDacco society was stored with otherproperty. The society obtained a judg. i. j. i i -1 i -uieiiL against tne rauroao company inthe amount of $40,000 -which wasrecently athrmed by the Court of Apyea i a. .me ure, it was alleged, wascaused by sparks from the locomotivesof the defendant's engine and thesesuits are for the' prupose of obtaininguamages ior tne property destroyedMILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mrs. Aaron McConnell is amongsick.Mr. J. G. Smedlev is confined tnthehishome.See notice of F. F. Hurst's deat incquire u. f. Thomason and W. F.carpenter continue about.tne same.Born on Tuesday to the wife of Mr.eo. Howard, a daughter.ne Koosevelt club was organizednere Monday night with an enrollmentor yd luemners.mr. w. r . banders has returnedfrom Illinois where he purchased a carload or norses.The Senior and Junior receptionM. F. C. will take place tonight.numnre ot visitors have alreadyarriveu.Patronize the Bourbon Steam Launj.n r 1 i j , .uiy. uuuu worn ana prompt serviceguaranteed, we will send Afor and return your work.LOUIS VIMONT, Agent.Kev. Swift preached at MaysviileTuesday night in a protracted meetingconuuetea ny ur. Hi. Kj. J3. Mann whowas called away to preach a funeral.I have secured the agency for the B.and C. Baking Co., and handle theirwrapped cakes daily and guaranteethem to be fresh.. ? LOUIS VIMONT.Miss Willie Benton, of Rockcastlecounty, who has been the guest ofMiss Edwin Aromerman for severalweeks, has returned to the Ammerman home after a few days visit tofriends at Carlisle.The building season will soon hehere. We have a full line of all kindsof ouilding material, also prepared togive you an estimate on anything youdesire to build. Both phones 62.BUTLER & MILLER.DEATHS.Mr. P. b Hurst, one of the bestknown insurance men in Kentucky,died Tuesday evening at 6:55 o"clockat his home in Millersburg, after afew days' illness of double pneumonia.Three weeks ago' last Sunday Mr.Hurst went to Mt. Sterling to be thereon court day Monday and there contracted a deep cold which developedinto, grippe from which he sufferedtwo relapses. The early part of lastweek he was thought to be doing fairly well and was attending to hisduties in the office. On Friday hesuffered another relapse and pneumoniadeveloped Saturday night.- From thistime to the end his case was considered hopeless by his attending physician,Dr. W. V. Huffman.Mr. Hurst was one of the bestknown insurance men in Kentuckyhaving served as Secretary and General Manager of the Hurst Home Insurance Co. since August 1903. In 1902his brother, F. M. Hurst, who occupied the same position died. Mr. Hurstfilled out his unexpired term until theregular election in 1903. He has beentwice re-elected," the last time inAugust of 1911.The Hurst Home Insurance Companywas organized more tnan years agounder the management of Mr. F. M.Hurt who operated it until his deathin 1902. At the time Mr. F. F. Hurstassumed its management the companywas writing tibout $1,000,000 of insurance, in tne nine years that Mr. b. i? .Hurst has operated it the amount hasraised to $5,000,000.z He was not only one of the best informed men on insurance but the author of a biil on Fraternal Insurancewhich passed both Houses of the Kentucky Legislature i few weeks ago.He was vice president of the StateFraternal" Insurance Suciety. Herepresented his company two yearsago at Springfield, 111., and again lastsummer at Philadelphia, Pa., in theInternational Fraternal InsuranceConvention. He was one of the most'influential as well as the most usefulmen of Millersburg.For many years he has been a member of .the Christian church and anactive worker and teacher in the Sunday si:hool, attending most all of thechurch and Sunday school conventions.He was Past Master of Amity LodgeNo. 40 F. & A. M., of Millersburg anda member of Carlisle Commandery K.T., No. 18. For several years he hasbeen a prominent figure at the GrandLodge at Louisville and at the K. T.conclaves, having conferred as manydegrees as any past master in CentralKentucky. For the past two years hehas been a member of the BourbonCounty Board of Education, and hasbeen a prominent .figure in the advancement of education in Bourboncounty.Mr. Hurst was a native of Flemingcounty and one of a family of severalchildren. He is survived by threebrothers, Carl Hurst, of Flemingcounty, Samuel Hurst, of Illinois, andJames Hurst, of Missouri, one sister,Mrs. Adams, of Elizaville. His wife,Mrs. Amelia Hurst," two daughters,Misses Amelia and Gladys Hurst, onelittle son, Master Edward Hurst, survive. Funeral took place Thursday afternoon at three o'clock at the Christianchurch in Millersburg conducted by hispastor. Elder Smith. Interment inMillersburg cemetery under theauspices of Amity Lodge No. 40 F. &A. M. The floral tribute were numerous and beautiful. His popularity wasattested by the large gathering at thechurch, the edifice being too small toaccommodate all who sought admission. Many from surrounding townsattended the services. The pallbearers were : Active, T. W. Current, J.H. Campbell, J. H. Burroughs, JohnBlair, Chas. Chanslor, Ora Collier;honorary, J. G. Allen, Clifton Dalzell,Dr. Huffman, Wm. Burroughs.Miss Edna Tebbs died at the homeof her parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. H.Tebbs, in Cynthiana Sunday of tuberculosis. Miss Tebbs was about 25 yearsof age. She is survived by herparents, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Tehbs,three sisters, Mrs. Kiser Smith, ofParis, Alice and Loue.lla Tebbs, ofCynthiana, and one brother, WesleyTebbs, of Cisco, Texas. The funeraltook place from the residence of herparents Tuesday afternoon at 1:30.The service being conducted by Rev.W. E. Ellis. Burial at Battle Grovecemetery, Cynthiana,BIRTHS.Born, to the wife of Mr. CarrollWilloughby a son.Born, Monday evening, Marchto the wife of Mr. Wm. Wornall,Woodford, a son.A Cure for Hog Cholera.11.neeit your nogs are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and 'curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E, BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, Paris.Paris Defeats Richmond.Thd Pairs High School Bakset ballteam defeated the We&leyan HighSchool team of Richmond .Wednesdayevening at the High School gymnais-um in this city in a fast and excitinggame, he local boys winning by ascore of 36 to 16.Thompson was the stellar performerfor the local team and threw goalsafter a fashion never before seen onthe floor of the gymnasium. Duringthe first five minutes of play he shottwo goals from difficult positions. Inthe last period Horton, Chisholm andCurtis each threw a difficult goal.The local boys put up a strong defense and ere aggressive from thestart. While roughness was very evident at timps few fouls were calledand only two scores were counted forthe visiting team. Paris only had onechance on a foul, which Curtis failedto make. The lineup was as follows:Paris Adair and Horton, guards :Thompson, center ; Chisholm and Curtis, forwards.Richmond Hobson and Cobb.guards: Sandlin. center: Cumbet.Phillips and Collins, forwards., Field goals Horton 1, Thompson, 9,Chisholm 4, Curtis 4, Hobson 2, Cobb1, Collins 2, Phililps 1., Foul goals Hobson 2;' Referee Lancaster.IGrandYou Are Cordially Invited Ito Attend IOur Spring OpeningIMONDAY,MARCHOrch esira Music and FlowersWolf, llffle dc CoFormerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.SPECIALS1 FOR THIS WEEK: 8Kellogg's Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box.. .5c mZ Nice Fresh F'rs, per lb 8c Z2 Fancy Florida Oranges, per doz 25c WW Good Quality Brooms 35c 9W Good Hearth Brooms 15c WBest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50c MCod Fish, per lb 1 5c SBest Grade Dried Herring 18c ZZ Mackerel, large size, 3 for 25c X2 Steel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs $1.00Best grade Cara-Van Coffee, per lb 30cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30cWe have all grades of the National Biscuit Co.'s Goods. 00 Purity, Red Cross and "Lexington Maid" Flour. 0Fresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed; Shipped Meats un- 5zf der government inspection take your choice. 9Morning Glory brand Hams and Breakf astbacon, the ?Z best on the market, sliced thick or thin, without cost. 5! ! ! SPECIAL NOTICE ! ! ! S2 We will duplicate Anybody's Prices, w5 and Your Credit is Good for 30 Days. JGIVE US A TRIAL ORDER2 A. W. COTTIINGHAM,J The Up -Town Grocer, South Main St. XA Both Telephones No. 7UNITED STATES post office, Paris,Ky., March 20, 1912. Sealed proposals will be received at this building until 2 olock p. m., April 8,1912, for furnishing fuel, lights,water, ice, miscellaneous supplies,washing towels, hauling ashes, andsprinkling streets for this buildingduring the, fiscal year ending June30, 1913, or such portion of the y.earas may be. deemed advisab.e. Theright to reject any and all bids isreserved by the Treasury Department. N. A. Moore, Custodian.Cottage For Sale.Five room cottage located at thecorner of Main and Twelfth streets.contains hall, nice bath room, with hotand cold water. Both water and gas inkitchen. Splendid cistern at dnor.This house is centrally located and isin first class repair, the rooms beingnewly papered. The lot fronts 65 feeton Main street and runs along Twelfthstreet a distance of 107 1-4 feet. Forfurther-information apply toMRS. GROVER C. BALDWIN,5 tf , E. T. phone 424r- . -IOpening.onEmbroideryand StampingThe undersigned is preparedto do all kinds of Fancy Embroidery Work and- Stampingof tne latest patterns. Workguaranteed and satisfactiongiven m regard to prices.I he public trade is respectfully solicited.miss Cida B- Duerson,mailt Street, bet. stft and 6tb.Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.18thO. Hinton.non - unioaif.- Si.7. -4"9KTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 15, 1912ME BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGSpring Opening.Everbyody is cordially invited to attend our spting opening Thursday,March 21. Music from 1 to 5 p. m.and 7 to 9 p. m.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Cottage Sold.Dr. D. S Henry has disposed of afour room cottage in Bourbon Heightsto Mr. J. C. Hammonds for $1,000 andother conisderations. Mr. Hammondswill take possession at onue.Chickens and Fresh Vegetables.We will have plenty of chickens andall kmd3 of fresh vegetables for Saturday. C. P. COOK.New Manager.Mr. Emmett Edwards, for manyyears in the employ of the city, havingcharge of the steam roller, has accepted the position of manager or the localbranch oiiice of the Standard Oil Co.,vice Mr. R. L. Whaley who has beentransferred to the Covington office.McCali Patterns.We are agents for McC2ll patternssad keep all sizes in stock.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Rents Fayette Farm.Mr. W. P. Fisher, of Paris, hasrented a farm in Payette county andhas moved with his family to thatplace Mis. W. H. Fisher, his mother,will reside with them.For Sale.One 18x24 12 ounce white tarpaulin.Call Home phone 294.Fresh Fish Today.Fresh fish received daily. Phone usyour order early.1 tf SAUER.Will Locate in Canada.Mr. Mitchell Lyle and family whorceently sold their stock, crop, etc ,at their home in the county, left Monday morning for Andire, Alberta,Canada, wnere they will locate permanently. Mr. Lyle will engage in farmnig in the wheat belt.Tobacco Cotton.Tobacco canvas, all grades, at verylow prices.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Sells Grocery Stock.Mr. Richard Stewart, who recentlyerected a store room at the zorner ofMain and Twentieth street and openeaa grocery has disposed of his stock offoods to Mr. vSam Galhier. of Pourdoncounty. The new owner took possesion Tuesday.Special for Saturday.Corn meal at 25 cents a peck forSatruday only.CURTIS liENRY & CO.Special for Saturday.Corn meal at 25 cents a peck forSatruday only.CURTIS HENRY & CO.Sheep Money Here.County Clerk Pearce Paton has received a check from State AuditorHenry M. Bosworth for $1,133.74. Thisamount is to be paid the farmers ofBourbon county for sheep killed bydogs, and they will receive about 79cents on each dollar due. The moneyis ready and claimants can get theirpro rata by calling on Mr. Paton atthe Court house.Special for Saturday.Com meal at 25 cents a peck forSaturday only.CURTIS HENRY & CO.The Best Candy.Meniers' chocolates at 40 cents perpound good as any at 75 cents. Trynne box.12 3t CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Fayette Club Present Trophy.As a reward for his achievement indefeating Harry W. Kehler, of Philadelphia, in the live bird shoot at theHill Top range in this county severaldays ago the Fayette Gun Club willpresent to Joke Gay, of Pine Grove,Clark county, the crack shot of Kentucky, who is a member of that club,a handsome silver pitcher as a trophy.The cup will be appropriately engraved and presented to Mr. Gay in a fewdays, a committee from the Fayeteclub having selected the trophy Wednesday. The Durham-Duplex.Try one of our Durham-DuplexSafety Razors at 35 cents each. Sixb'adet for 50 cents, same?as those usedto $5 and $8 razors.12 3t CHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.Ward Tipped for Appointment.r A dispatch from Frankfort yest r-xiaysaid: A quiet tip went arounathe State House this mornine that D.A. Sachs, of Louisville, would be oneof the four commissioners appointedon the State Game and r ish uommistod hv the recent Legislature.The commission will be abipartisan'one, two Democrats and two Repubh"The tip was also given out thatQuincy Ward, of Paris, will be selected as the executive agent of the Commission to have the law enforced. Hiscaiortr wmII Hp S2.Rf)0 a vear. to be paidout of the license taAes collected fromhunters."Mr. Sachs and Mr. Ward worked'nrr? all winter to have the bill passedand their friends think they deservethe recognition which it is said the(the recognition which it is said the a prominent ana zeaious wareer in , 1M M Hte " IGovernor will gie them.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Laura Estill Frances is visiting in Lexington.Mrs. Bettie Howard remains quiteill at her home in this city.Mr. Arthji McClain is recoveringfrom an attack of pneumonia.Mrs. Cordie Parker is able to beout after sevreal days' illness.Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Frank are inCincinnati for a few days' stay.Mr. and Mrs. Chartlon Alexanderare at Martinsville, Ind., for a shortstay.Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft iasuffering from a slight attack ofgrippe.Mrs. Laura Hutchings has returned to Carlisle after a visit to relativesin Paris.Miss Bessie Ewalt, of bhawhan,is the guest of Mrs. W. T. Ewalt onSouth Main.Mrs. Vansant, of Mt. Sterling, isthe guest of Mrs. J. T. Vansant andMrs. C. M. Clay.Mrs. W. Hoffman Wood, of MtSterling, is the guest of her parents,Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Whaley.Col. George D. Speakes was inWinchester yesterday where he conducted the sale of W. T. Little.Mrs. G. W. Rash, of North Middletown, whu recently underwent an operation for appendicitis is improving.'-Mr. H. G. Wyatt, of New York,chief clerk of the Metropolitan LifeInsurance Co., was in the City Tuesday. The infant son of Mr. and Mrs.Redmon Talbott is ill with pneumoniaat the family home on the HarrodsCreek pike.Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill will entertainwith a card party this afternoon at thehome of her mother Mrs. Rubert C.Talbott at Austerlitz.Mr. and Mrs. Edward M. Wallacehave returned to their home in Versailles after a visit to their daughter,Mrs. N. Ford Brent, in this city.Mrs. Mary A. Wheeler, of Cynthiana, who ha5? been the guest of herson, Mr. E. M. Wheeler, in this city,is visiting her snn, Mr. A. F. Wheeler,in Lexington, this week.These from a distance who attendedthe funeral or Mr. B. F. RemingtonTuesday were: Mr. Ed Remington.St. Louis; Mrs. Alice Fisher, Carlisle;Mrs. Mamie Parrish, Lexington; M.and Mrs J. P. Mann, Mr. and Mrs.William Howard. Richmond; Mrs.Elizabeth Smith, Mr. and Mrs. HenryParrish. and Mr. Qharles Eals, Cynthiana ; Mr. J. F. Frost, Mrs. CharlesStaples, Mi. Jerome Frazier, Mrs.tfailey D. Berry, Lexington ; Mrs.Georgia Judy, Mr. Stanley W. Keller,Cailisle and Mr. Rodney Withers,CynthianaMATRIMONIAL.At the Presbyterian parsonageSaturday evening Miss Norma Owensand Mr. Jack Owsley, both of Paris,were united in marriage by Kev. B.M. Shive.The bride is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. John R. Owen?, of Paris, and isnuite an attractive young lady.2 The bridegroom is a grandson of Mr.xhomas Owsley, of Paris, and is employed by Mr. J. T. Hinton in the wallpaper department, and is a deservingand industrious young man.After the ceremony was performedthe young couple returned to the homeof the bride's parents on Fourth streetwhere they will make their home.RELIGIOUS.Services at Episcopal church everySunday morning at 10 :45. Lenten services at 7 o'clock Wednesday- eveningand 4 o clock Friday afternoon.-Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will be inhis puplit at the Baptist church Sunday mcrning and evening. At themiming service he will preach fromtie subject Which is Better, Feastingor Fasting," and at night "Brotherhood Ideals.Garden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedof all kinds. Remember we sell onlythe kind that grow.5tf, T. LBNIHAN.Real Estate Transfers.The followiner deeds have heenrecorded in the County Clerk's office:T. T. Bentley to F. E. Peterson, lotin Millersburg, $1.E. L. Schombury to George Sun.house and lot in Paris, $1.D. C. Clarke to Martha Case, lot inMillersburg, 52.50.D. C. Clark to Claude Case, lot inMillersburg, $50.Martha Case to J. D. Bradley andwife, two lots in Millersburg, $1.R. B. Hutchcraft to 3. W. Moreland. 67 acres, $6,030..1. T. Jefferson to Mackey Grimes.house and lot in Millersburg, $1.Chas. W. Fothergill to L. & N. railroad, lot in Paris, $250.Land Purchased.Mr. G. W. foreland, of Bourboncounty, has purchased 67 acres of landon Stoner creek from Mr. R. B.Hutchcraft, adjoining the farm of Mr.George Wyatt, for $6,030.Thinks Bradley's Chances Good.A news dispatch from Georgetownsays: "The chances for the appointment of V. H. Bradley to succeedRobert ts. rranKim as uommonwealth's Attorney for the FourteenthJudicial district grows brighter eachday, according to the views of hisfriends. There is only one other candidate so far, Senator Claude Thomas,of Bourbon county, and it is declaredhe is eliminated by the forty-fourthsection of the Kentucky Statutes,which provides that no Senator shallbe appointed to an office within oneyear after the expiration of hi3 termprovided said office has been createdby the Legislature of which he is amember. Mr. Bradley is one of theleading attorneys of the local bar anda prominent and zealous worker inevery Democratic campaign."Base Ball Season Close at Hand.With the approach of the springtraining season the local fans are beginning to take note ot the base ballpossibilities and there is much speculation as to wha.t sort of a team willrepresent Paris in the pennant racethis season. While there is little tobe reckoned on for a certainty there isno doubt but that the Borubonites willbe ready for the running when the belltaps for the opening tilt.The schedule, which has been madeout and adopted has not been preparedfor publication yet, but it is morethan likely that President Neal willhave it ready for the press beforemany days have passed.Local interest in the game seems tobe centered upon the abilities ofManager Lewis to get together abunch of ball tossers that will be acredit to Paris, and from all accountsit is probable that he has some verypromising timber among the numberwho have signed up for the season of1912.Much disappointment is expressedbecause of the fact that Hauser, whowas regarded as , one of the mostpromising youngsters in this companylast season, has not yet signed a contract and it is rumorec1 that the Indiana boy has made up his mind to refrain from profesisonal ball the coming seas'on. However, it is the uiversal hope that he can be induced to reconsider and report iwith the othermember of the team about Aprill 1.President Bacon stated a few daysago that there was a possibility ofParis securing a big league catcher totaket he place of Walter Mayer, andhe is earnestly engaged in his effortsto land the man who, he says, is ahusky fellow, with plenty of base ballability and who would insure theBourbonites the best backstop in theleague.Manager Lewis will likely reporthere about April 1 to go over theground and have all of his plans readywhen the members of the club,eighteen in number, arrive to begintheir strenuous work of conditioningthemselves for the trials for the regular position on the team. It is theplan of the management to have anumber of exhibition games on thelocal grounds prior to the opening ofthe league season.Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.By experienced man, position onfarm as overseer or to raise crop onshares. Apply at this oflice.On Friday NextLace Curtain Stretchers, perpair 89c.Eneamelled Steel Water Pails,10-quart size, 29c.Peroxide of Hydrogene, specialsize bottle, 10c.Clothes Pins, large size, 2 doz.for 5c.Japanese Tea Pots, with strainer, 12c.White Enamelled Curtain Poles5c.Best Felt Shoe Shining Brushes, 10c.Extra Friday value in 10cScrub Brushes, -,10c ClothesBrushes, 10c Blacking Brushes,your choice 5c.Cream Chocolate Drops, perpound 10c.Lace Bargains 2 yards for 5c;our regular 5c lace, only this lotis slightly soiled....THE FAIR.READ ALL OF THIS.In order to fully serve thepeople the Bourbon Bank &Trust Co.. Paris, JKy., has added a Trust Department to theiralready successful banking business. This bank has a record of 25years of clean and profitablebusiness success, having paid itsstockholders without interruption for 21 years a dividend of 8per cent, annually, and abovethat has placed nearly $50,000to account of surplus and undivided profits. In other words,in this 25 years the , BourbonBank & Trust Co. .has .earned(net) about $215,000 above expenses and taxes on $100,000 ofcapital stock. Don't you thinkih would be a good business proposition for you to have theBourbon Bank & Trust Co. tomanage your estate after yourdeath? Also act as guardian foryour children?Remember these points:The Bourbon Bank & TrustCo. is not liable to sickness mdeath, and will always be onhand to attend to the businessconnected with your estate.Having a permanent office andofficers being always on hand,business of your estate will bepromptly and efficiently attended to.247,000.00 pr6tectionpossible loss.againstTHEPractical Nurse.Have had experience in nursing athospitals and private homes. Reference. E. T. phone 719.12 3t WM. C. GROSCHE.Eggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, $2 to $5per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St., Paris, Ky.FOR SALE.A few nieces of choice antiaue furniture, as good as new, for sale at" abargain for cash.J. ELVOVB, Paris, Ky.8-3t ' Home Phone 360.iou may near otners singLauder's songs, but the onlyway to enjoy them is to hearLauder sing them himself.Hear, this great Scotch comedian on the Victor and you actually hear him with all of hisdelightful witticisms and theusual touches of comedy.Come and hear some oi hisselections. No trouble tousno obligation on your part.Victors, $10 to $250. Terms to suit.Daagherty Bros.J Hear the real KlJ Harry Lauder tuI J. T. HINTON IZ THE HOME OUTFITTER.Seamless Wilton Velvet RugCANYOUSEEREFJ. T.ITenth Anniversary.March 9th marks the end of my tenth year in business.'I wish to thank my friends and patrons for making eachyear a successful one. I am prepared to make this a -ban-ner year. Good styles, superior quality and low prices-bring good results.Having just returned from New York after a two- 5weeks' search for the newest and best, I am in a position Jto show you an unusual choice line of Dress Goods and 5Novelties of every description. All departments are excep- J"tionally strong. An opportunity to show you the line will 9Uconvince you. May we have the pleasure? 5',W. EdALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butterich PatternsI CC 5 UIM1 JJCWdI,For Friday and Saturday"Country Club" Layer CakesWe will placefon sale Friday and Saturday200 fresh Country CIubfLayer Cakes, fol-"Chocolate,'! Ribbon,Ilce-Cream,; Caramel,Vanilla, Lemon.the demand is fgreatj so we advise you toplace yourjorder early.FEE'S$16.90You beat this price when you consider the Quality and the patterns of these rugs?Will find my prices lower on all lines of furniture than you see advertised in so-called bigsales.For your self my offerings in Wall Paper andLace Curtains, for I surely can please youand save you money.WHAT Do you say to a Davenport for $13.75?You find others ask $14.90 for the same article.IS It not to your advantage to buy from me? I save youmoney and give you what you buy, andBEST Of all, I sell you nothing but nice fresh goods nothingsecond-hand.SEE MYRI G E R AT1 Handle the Best.PMNTTOlNr.iTucker IiIIrzssaa0 R S !K.IIIITHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, . MARCH 15 1912Blood Was WrongAll women, who suffer from the aches and pains, dueto female ailments, are urged to try Cardui, the reliable,scientific, tonic remedy, for women. Cardui acts promptly,yet gently, and without bad effects, on the womanly system,relieving pain, building up strength, regulating the system,and toning up the nerves. During the past half century,thousands of ladies have written to tell of the quick curativeresults they obtained, from the use of this well-known medicine.CarduiTheWomansTonicAirs. Jane Callehan suffered from womanly trouble fornearly ten years. In a letter from Whiteville, N. C, shesays: "I was not able to do my own housework. Mystomach was weak, and my blood was wrong. I had backache, and was very weak. I tried several doctors, but theydid me no good. I used Cardui for 3 or 4 months, and nowI am in the best health I have ever been. I can never praiseCardui enough." It is the best tonic, for women.Whether seriously sick, or simply weak, try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Term.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, ' Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 53TWIN BROS., IHi ' Clothing Department fBS AH the Latest Ideas in jI SPW eiDTiPIII Now On DisplayLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. 5c N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911, AT 11:59 P. M.No.341342971040373123326259138385393083231FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., "Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dsily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .' 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. uauy 3.34 pmKnoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm. Cincinnati, O.. Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Dailjr Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily t 10:50 pmTrains DepartNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 54 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday - .-7.40 Cincinnati, O., Daily' Except Sunday ' 8.10 Maysville, Ky., Daily JUixcept Sunday . 8137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ,.937 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily 933 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 106 Maysville, K., Daily v. 1236 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; 1225 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 338 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3,9 "Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5,32 Cincinnati, O., Daily.."". 6.8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 630 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6,31 Lexington, K., Dauy .10,13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10,28 am.35 am,47 am20 am.20 am.57 am,55 am,24 am.27 am,05 pm.04 am,34 pm-4o pm,52 pm.57 pm,10 pm.15 pm.25 pm.55 pm.57 pcfe? O-'PIIXIES-T.A.IBIL.-ESIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1911.Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday.162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only..8.13 am..3.40 pm.&.50 pm.10.00 pmTrains JDepartNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only .7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except SundaylF.,ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ,;3.Frankfortj Ky Daily Except Sunday.v.. 7. 10 am3 a 7.43 am;:V.;9.53 am. . . . .5. 52 amThe National lor March.There is something bild and attractive in the cover page of the MarchNational that inspires one with thevery temperament and spirit of themonth named in honor of tne Romanwar gori. The sturdy sailor on theforecastle by the windlass is a splendid reproduction of the type of sailorof the bygone days when the Americanflag was found on every sea wherecivilized commerce or remunerativeemployment could be found.There is the usual flashlight onaffairs at Washington, calling attention to the fact that the next Marchwinds that blow will witness anotherinauguration at Washington. Theopening of Presidential headquartersand the clearing of the deckB for thecampaign of 1912 are described by theeditor, Joe Chappie, who seems to behere, there and everywhere whereverthere is a breath of political air stirring. The remarkable serial, "The MinorChord," the story of an Americanprima donna, continues in this issue.The fiction for the month is an especially strong feature, There are glimpses of the men who" are doing things today with persoal sketchea'about Wrigley, the chewing gum man, Cairns,prominent in the railroad world, andother Americans who are in the publiceye. The story of Sam Slick's horsetrade and many other tempting yarnshave the cozy warmth of the fireplacein the chill of the early spring months.'Dr. George Wharton James tells theexciting history of Mrs. JosephineClifford JVlcCrackin, a noted Californiawriter. A notable paper on "TheFarmer in Ancient Times" is contributed by Charles Winslow Hall. Theseand other features make the Marchissue of the National unusually attractive. Bet for Actor to Fit Play.Eugene Walter, playwright, said:"It is bad art to write a play aroundan actor. Write the best play youcan, regardless of this actor and that,The other method suggests Gimlets.Gimlets a great bore was a playwright. He said to a friend one day,excitedly: 'Congratulate me. I've gotan order for another melodrama fromShowman.' 'Did Showman supply theplot?' the friend asked. 'Well-er 'said Gimlets, 'he showed me all thescenery he had.' "Gothic Tapestry.A Gothic tapestry is to be seen at M.Vail Marquereau's place in the Rue duPetit Thouars. It is one of the rarestand most interesting specimens of theart of tapestry making in the beginning of the fifteenth century. The tissue, which is of wool, seems to approach that of La Marche manufactoryof the period. Its blue ground isstrewn with flowers of different colorsand is ornamented with curiously designed animals, among which is aunicorn.No Freedom for Him.It was his first visit to this country,and he was anxious to see as much ofit as possible in a short time. In abrief visit to the south he met anaged negro who had been a slave."How interesting," he remarked. "Andafter the war you had your freedom?"The old man looked at him half sadly,half sheepishly, shook his woolly headand said: "No, sah. Ah didn't gitno freedom Ah done wus married."A BALD-HEADED WOMANShorn of Her Crown of Beauty,. Loses 1 Love and Marriage.Hair is certainly most necessary towoman. Who could love and many abald headed woman. What charmscould she array to offaet such a disfigurement. A woman's goal is usually love andmarriage. Her crowning glory is herhair. The loss of her hair mars herbeauty, happiness and success. Yetright here in Paris -there are hundredsof women who are neglecting theirihairto such an extent that it is only a matter of time when it will he utterlyruined.Many women destroy the beauty oftheir hair through thoughtlessness orignorance of certain facts. They usecurling irons overheated or to excesswhich destroys the natural oil of theair causing it to split, break and comeout. They do not shampoo their hairoften enough, or too often. They usesoaps or preparations which contain ingredients positively harmful to thescalp and hair.As a result of such' treatment dandruff is created, the hah loosens, lusescolor, falls out, and baldness commences unless proper and prompt precautions are taken in time. Then againmicrobes and certain diseases bringabout unhealthy scalp and hair conditions. Almost any woman may rid herselfof dandruff and diseased scalp and hairif she will but use the .right remedy.We have that remedy, and we willpositively guarantee that it will eithercure dandruff and baldness cr it willnot cost the user anything.That's a pretty broad statement butwe will back it and prove it with ourown money. We will return your money if you do not find that Rexall "93"Hair Tonic is an entirely satisfactoryremedy that will promote hair growthand overcome scalp and hair troubles;that it will grow hair even on bald'heads, unless all life in the hair rootshas been extinguished, the folilclesclosed and the scalp is glazed andshiny. It gets its name from the factthat it grew har in 93 out of 100 case,where it received a thoroughly hardimpartial and practical test. 'We want you to try Rexall "93"Hair Tonic at our risk. You surelycannot lose anything by doing sowhile you have everything to gain'You had better think this over andthen come in and see us about thisoffer. You will be well repaid foryour visit to our store. Rememberyou can get Rexall Remedies in thiscommunity only at our store The Rexall Store. G..S. Varden & Son.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.VULCAN'S- PLOWSMa& The Vulcan Plow Co.?EVANS VI LLE, IND.TRY THEVULCANWell Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Price Second.Genuine Plows and Repairs for Sale Oniy byBourbon Garage & Supply Co,Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckySTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESAt a meeting of the fdirectors of;the Planters and Farmers' Loose Leaf!Tobacco Company it was decided to Jerect another large warehouse in iMaysville. The building will cost$40,000. Work is to begin in a fewdays and must be finishedlbyOctober.Wadsworth, 23Jyears old and, tnesire of many good thoroughbred racersis dead of distemper at the farm ofH. L. Stevens, in Clark county. Hewas the property of Thomas H.Stevens, formerly of the Walnut HillStud. He was bred by James Pergu- json at Kingston Stud and during bis 'early day and his racing career was !owned by Col. R. T. Holloway whileafter being relegated to stud duty wasowned by Mr. Stevens, j He was thesire of many good horses of real class.Bequeathing Fortunes to the Public.It is a growing and beneficialpractice among wealthy Americans toacknowledge and act on the trusteeship of great fortunes, so that theymay be applied in whole or in partfor the good of their fellow citizens.California has had more than itsshare of those who had acquiredgreat possessions and felt the obligation to apply them for the commongood. San Francisco Call.CKiGASC, ILL., CINGSHNATi, 0,,C0LUS5SUS, 0.5 CLEVELAND, 0.,BETB0J7, K2CH., TOLEDO, 0.,AHD ALL ?0JHT$ NORTH.ATLANTA, GA., BIRMfo'SHAM, ALA., CHAT7ANG0SA, 7EKM-,DALLAS, TEX.7 GALVESTON, TEX., JACKSONVILLE, FLA.,NEW ORLEANS, LA,, KNOXViLLE, TENN., SHFJEVEFORT, LA.,AND ALL rOfflTS SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.ah nmr.ro McsAh. SsHf foHi&h anri! Afcaof EASILYttLt 1 w" IWB g,2fi9 iLttdl, tAJW&lSa Qastfl IfDCdi REACHEDVIA THE THROUGH CAR SERVICE OF THEQUEEN 1 CRESCENT ROUTE.FOR FARES AND ALL OTHER INFORMATION, CALL ON OR WRITEH. C. KING, Passenger end Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St.,W. A. BECKLER, General Passenger Agent, - -LEXINGTON, KY.CINCINNATI, OHIO.Will Not Use Word "Pauper."Tha Norwich (England) board ofguardians recently unanimously decided that in future the word "pauper"shall not be used in any of the board'srecords or minutes. Mr. Millington, afarmer, brought the matter forward.Many respectable persons, he said, required relief through no fault of theirown, and the word was objectionableand cast undeserved stigma upon reripients of relief and their children.He suggested that the word "poor"should be substituted.Sea Narrowing England's Shores.In the past 30 years more than 3,000acres of England's coast have slippedaway into the sea. The county ofYorkshire has been the chief sufferer, losing about 800 acres. Lancashireand Suffolk have each lost almost 600acres and Kent, Sussex and Lincolnshire have added materially to thetotal.Valuable Collection of Stamps.A valuable collection of postagestamps belonging to a Budapest archi.tect, and estimated to be worth $200,000, was recently purchased by a Hungarian firm of dealers. There wereseventeen volumes in the collection,some of the stamps being worth asmuch as $1,500 apiece.New System of Picture Hanging.A new system of picture hanging,consisting of a rod fixed to the walland passing through screweyes fixedto the frames, has been invented byM. Hozier, locksmith to the Banquede France, and is to be tried at theLouvre.How He Liked Pittsburg.A man who has just come back fromParis was taken the other day to viewPittsburg for the first time. He keptwashing his face and hands the wholeday. The friend who was with himasked him how he liked the towa"Well," he replied, "it soots me allover."FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite .Windsor Hotl, posaeession gjvenSan'l 1912. E. T.P hone 198. -Jan.it H BIJTLBRf12 tf , Paris Ky-I New Spring GoodsATTWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MainGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyNotice! Poultry Raisers11-44CURESCholera. Gapes. Limberneck, Roup. Canker,Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryH-.OJTB A.S GOODHO CUHK, 2TO PATMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., lays: "I have used Recipe 4-1 i -44 for years asd think it the bestpoultry remedy made. 1 1 cures gapes and limberneck without fail.'VillCoomes,'Bardstown, Ky., says: "One drop of Recipe 4-1 1-44 dropped down the bill of a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive i have evex used."Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLO BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 15. .1912.Job PrinMnKWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRC J2B R90ffiS OFTHEByRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asCold Weather"Some good, old-fashioned winter,believe me," said Miss Connelly, gay--ly, as she bounced into the cloakroom. "Anybody that's collectin' thiskind of weather can have all that'scomin' to me and no questions asked."She threw her muff at Miss Hoffman and her fur collar at Miss Larsonand laid two icy fingers on the back ofMiss Frizkie's neck. Miss Frizkiesquirmed out of reach."You're terribly nervous, Frlzzie,"said Miss Connelly. "You ought totake something for it.""I'm more likely to hand out something," rejoined Miss Frizkie, withjustifiable indignation.Miss Connelly winked at Miss Hoffman, who promptly collapsed in an attack of the giggles. "Pretty smartfor you, Frizzie," said Miss Connelly."Look at what you done to littleHoffy. Some of them wheezes of hersis going to strike in some day.RIIIHFAIYQLETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon-your next workOur facilities are the best, havingust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.CLAIM FORTUNE IN AMERICA"I wish you girls could see ma," shewent on after a moment "You neverdid see any person hate the cold theway ma does. The first night I breezed in out of that north wind ma wassettin' just as close to the kitchenstove as she could set." 'Forevermore, ma,' I says, puttin'my hand on the back of her neck,like I done to Frizzie just now, 'whydon't you get into the stove?'" 'I would,' says ma, 'if the door wasbig enough.'"Say, it always tickles me to deathto see ma get peevish, so I went to thedoor and flung it open. 'Gee I says,'but it's close in here!'" 'Nell Connelly,' yells ma, 'shut thatdoor this minute, or I'll take my slipper to you.'"I didn't move fast enough to suither, so she jumped at the. door andslammed it shut and I really thoughtshe was going to hand me one on theside of my head, she was so mad.""'Well, she says, 'I never thoughtto live to be the mother of a goose,'she says, 'though it ain't a word thatI care to use, me .bein' a lady. It don'trun in my family,' she says. 'I always did say you took after your pa'sfolks.'"The next morning, when I camedown to breakfast, ma was shakingso with the cold that she was makinthe dishes rattle on the shelves. Iwas doin' a shiverin' act myself, but 1wasn't in the same class with ma."My teeth was chatterin' so I couldhardly talk, but I says, as steady as Icould: 'My, ain't it oppressive thismornin', ma? What do you say tohaving cold boiled ham, lemonade andice cream for supper tonight?' I says."I couldn't get a word out of mathat night when I come home fromwork. I don't know's I ever seen herso sore before. After supper my kidbrother and sister got to scrappin'. and, bless Pete, if they didn't breakthe window! Ma give 'em just onelook and then she beat into her bedroom and locked the door, and not onecf us set eyes on her again thatnight."The next night when I blew in"there was my kid sister gettin' supper. "" 'Where's ma?' I says."'Gone to bed,' says the kid."It gave me an awful jolt. I'd neverknowed ma to go to bed in the daytime since I'd been acquainted withher."She ain't sick, is she?' I says."'She's actin' awful funny,' the kidsays. 'I can't tell whether she's sickor not. You better go in and talk toher."Well, I went into ma's room andthere she was in bed with a hot waterbottle on each side of her, about seven blankets and three comforters ontop of her and my kid sister's cap thatshe wears to school pulled over herface." 'Why, ma,' I says, 'what's the matter? Are you sick?''"I s'pose you might call it bein'sick she barks. 'I know I'm sick andtired, of this here weather and I ain'tgoin to countenance it another minute.' Ma knows some swell words, believe me. She's got a grand education.Cbe Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application." 'Well I says to ma, T guess stayin' in bed's the best thing you can doI says. 'I'll fetch you in some supperand some hot coffee and then maybeyou'll feel better" 'You let me alone says ma. 'Youneedn't bring me nothin' to eat. Doyou think I'm going to sit up and eatit? You bet your life I won't'"On the square, I begun to thinkshe'd gone dippy. She didn't act nomore like ma usually does than nothin'. 'Oh, come out of it, ma I says."'You bet I won't come out of itma says. 'I'm going to stay right in ittill spring. And, what's more shesays, 'I ain't goin' to wash my face tillthe temperature gets above freezing,,and before I come to bed I did my hairup to stay till the Fourth of July. Now,beat it says ma.""My, I should think she'd get awfultired of it," said Miss Larson, anxiously. "Do you really think she will staythere in bed?""Sure she will," replied Miss Connelly, winking cheerfully at the othersix. 'Ma takes after me and GeorgeWashington. She never told a lie."Chicago Daily NewsWelsh Railroad Man Confident ofProving Title to Part of NewYork City.- tLondon. Thomas Williams, a retired railroad, man, who lives in a cottage at Caersws, a Welsh village, tellsme that he is confident of proving hisright to a fortune in America of $275,000,000. He bases his claim on his belief thathe is the nearest surviving male relative of Edward Edwards, a Welshman,who emigrated In the 18th centuryand amassed an enormous fortune, butdied intestate. Edwards' was a nativeof Llanymynech, near Oswestry, andremoved to Silverdale, where he married. His wife's behavior caused himto emigrate to New York state, wherehe acquired cheaply the marshy landon which part of New York city nowstands.When the British government recognized American independence Edwards leased his land to the UnitedStates government, but the lease expired in 1880.Edwards also acquired collieries atEdwardsville (named after him).Williams told me that, he was sixtyfour years of age, had worked on fiverailways including the Northwestern,the Great Central and Brecon,Merthyr & Cambrian. He saved money, but lest some in the Liberatorfrauds and more recently in a Londonbank failure. He has engaged a firstclass lawyer in America and is himselfcollecting data here. He showed mepapers which seem to have a strongbearing on his claim.OLDEST HOUSE IS RAZEDSayre Homestead Was Built in Southampton in 1648 by an EnglishGentleman.Southampton, N. Y. The oldestframe house in the United States isbeing razed by workmen by order ofthe authorities. It was built in 1648by Thomas Sayre and was known asthe "Old Sayre homestead." Sayrewas an English gentleman who cameto this country in Cromwell's time andwas one of the original settlers nearSouthampton in 1610. The Sayre houseis in the center "of the village and haslong been the principal point of interest here. With proper caretaking theold house would have stood for a century yet, but it was allowed to decayand crumble.All the material in the old buildingwith the exception of the glass washomemade. The timber, boards, shingles, laths, brick and even the nails,which were turned out by the old village blacksmith, were bought here.Huge fireplaces warmed it.During the revolutionary war thehouse was used by British officers,who compelled the women to cook foithem and the men to mind theiihorses. The valuables at that timewere buried until the officers left thehomestead. The property is still owned by a descendant of the originalThomas Sayre.COURT DECIDES ODD CASEHigh British Tribunal Declares MenVho Carved Initials in WhaleCan't Be Punished.London. The divisional appea'.court has decided that it is not lega1cruelty to stab or carve your initialson a living whale, as long as the animal is not kept in captivity. Last Julya number of whales were stranded onthe Cornish coast near Penzance, andthe villagers commenced choppingthem up, while sightseers even carvedtheir initials on the distressed animals' sides.The Society for the Prevention oiCruelty to animals prosecuted one olthe initial carvers for cruelty, but thelocal magistrate held that as thewhales were not in captivity the offense did not come within the law.On appeal the society tried to provethat as the whales were surroundedby people and could not get away tillthe tide turned they were in a stateof captivity, but Justice Pickford.while admitting that initial carving onstranded whales was a form of amusement that ought to be punished, decided Jthat the term "captivity" didnot apply, and dismissed the appeal.TIPS TEMPT FRANCE TO TAXCroupiers at Gaming Tables Gather inRiches, Much Coming Fromthe Americans.Seeking ASensationNice. Declaring the croupiers atthe gaming tables in the big Frenchgambling resorts earn more thanministers and ambassadors, and thatthe winnings of the owners are"princely," a member of the Frenchchamber proposes that a new tax beassessed on the tables, graduated according to the winnings.The croupiers get no salary. Theylive on "tips." At the Enghein Casino,near Paris, these amounted to 1,737,000 francs during the season of 1911.The winnings of the Casino tablesamounted to 8,429,912, francs.Here in Nice the owners of the gambling tables made a neat little profitof 7,499,999 francs. Much of this waslost by Americans.The Oldest in Lloyds.London. The oldest craft to befound in Lloyd's register is a schooneror ketch of 33 tons burden, called ThePurveyor, having just 102 years ofservice to her credit. . A few weeksago she was purchased by a Norwegian, Captain Reinertsen, who is nowpreparing to sail her from Biddeford,in Devon, to Durban, in the South Indian Ocean, a distance of 6,000. mile.v .Copjriht. zgiz. br Associated Literary PrMt)Carruthers jammed his note bookinto his pocket; lit his big calabashpipe, took up his walking stick andsoft hat and whistled to his dog, Mike.A moment later he was swinging offacross the fields surrounding the aviation club.Carruthers could not tell the dogthat he had written a story in whichan airship figured and that his knowledge of bird men and their craft waslamentably meager."We will stroll about "the fields,Mikey, in the hope that some conqueror of the air will chance to passover our ignorant heads. In that waywe may glean a sufficient atmosphereto make our story real."Half an hour later Carruthers waslying full length in the long grass.Mike, more or less disgusted that thewalk had turned out as it usually did,nosed about for venturesome snakesand moles.Suddenly he pricked up his ears. Abuzzing as of many bees disturbed thesilence. The noise grew louder, nearer, Mike circled about like mad untilhe caught sight of the great flyingthing that was approaching nearer andnearer.Mike, completely disgusted at hismaster's lack of enthusiasm, put hisnose to the sky and yelped franticallyat the flying monster.His efforts were successful. Carruthers awoke from his dreaming andsat bolt upright.Steady'and. smooth as a bark on acalm sea the bi-plane sailed majestically through the air."By Jove, Mike!" Carruthers exclaimed in his enthusiasm, "I wouldgive the whole of my last cheque forthe sensation of gliding through spacelike that!"As if in direct answer to his desirea missive came hurling down from theairship.Carruthers picked up the missiveand read:"Whoever finds this note of mine,Can fly with me at any time.Call at hangar number nine."N. QTJILLER."We will have to wait until tomorrow for our sensation," he told Mikeas they made their way back to thelonely bungalow on the hill.But the next day rain came down intorrents and the wind blew. Carruthers had a vague notion that birdmen did not make flights in rainyweather.The following day he and Mike setout for the aviation grounds.Carruthers slackened his pace butwhen he drew near to the hangar thatbore the name of N. Quiller..Within, voices were heard and outside lay the great bi-plane.Carruthers knocked at the greendoor and Mike barked imperiously.A small man came from within andthrough the smoky goggles of hisleather bonnet looked at the author.With a hesitating gesture Carruthers held out the square of lead withits bit of paper."I am looking for a man by thename of N. Quiller the man whodropped this "A silvery laugh came from behindthe goggles. Carruthers started back."So you picked up my note." Thelaugh came again and Carruthersfound himself making music of it. "Ihoped it would be found and if youare ready we will go up immediately."Carruthers had drawn away in hisembarrassment. "I I had not expected to find a lady," he said hesitatingly and twirling his cap in avague, undecided manner.The voice from behind the goggleswas slightly mocking. "You are notafraid, are you?""I might be if I could see your face,"Carruthers told her with his whimsicalsmile.Natalia Quillercolored swiftly beneath the leather bonnet, "Then youcan not see my face until we reachterra firma," she cried laughingly."Come I will take you up as my notepromised.""Don't you want to know the nameof your passenger in case ""In case we come down quickerthan we expect?" she laughed. "Yes,"she said with sudden softness, "yesI would like to know your name.""John Carruthers and that is mydog, Mike.""Is my passenger then, the John Carruthers of short story fame?""I was seeking sensations for astory when your missive nearly tookmy ear off," the author said."I hope you find sensations," Natallia said with a wicked light in theeyes behind the goggles. And Carruthers found more than a story hefound a wife in the air.MAN'S DEBT TO P0STEMTTHealth, Strength, Vigor, Vitality.fJR BOOS 0? O0WL3DG2 TO XVKNOW YOURSELF!by mail, sealed, to those enclosing Te4iBtajapa. for postage, etc. Worth xto vrejfAt i Wto any discouraged, aufferinp man. Thif book abstains Tital facta on acute and chrpaic diaeasactMclnding Nereons and Fhytical DtbilUy, ExhaUeVitality Atrophy, Varicocele and all Dwat UDebilities of Men from whatoTer caase: howjcijduced. how cured; also Blood Poises, its ternbtoresults; its conqueror hy medical' Bcieace ilatest aad most remarkable victory. Prof. SrjMm aGerman Disco Tory (The 4,80") -wHck pnlbfans-i of thin awful malady, making it quickly mart.easily curable. Write for it today.Address DB. DOU ISfSTlTUTZ,525 Walant Street. Clnclasxtl, tM.Don't sive up hopo until you have 9"ea;eldDr. Dolle. lie will give you FREK a thoretigstexamination, and will teh you the 3nitt.Consultation Free and confidential at oftce or yietter. For Twaitjj Yean TMm have been rosaifefrom all over the niiddlo-wt to be carrd dtMIr. Rolle. who eeca and treats all patwatopersonally.TOBACCOHAULINGWe are prepared to haul1:Tobacco to the marketsafrany point. No crop , too -large.We can furnish teamsand wagons.Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special atteation given to all kinds- ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones:Low Round TripBATES.Homeseekers'lFaresTo points in Arizona, ArkaoMt,Louisana, Missouri, ;New MexiM,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesday i oeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily- ujfApril 30, 1912. with final return limitMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia.Louisana, New Meixco and TexSM.with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T A.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Tactful Request.Dobbleigh was a confirmed borrower, and, what was worse, he seldom returned the borrowed articles. He hadheld on to Whibley's umbrella, for instance, for nearly a year."And I'm blest if I kno(w how I amever going to get it back," said "Whibley. "Easy," said Hickenlooper. 'Call amessenger and send Dobbleigh thisnote."And he scrlbhled off the following:"Dear Dobbleigh: If you can spare itI'd like to horrow, that umbrella ofmine for a couple of days. Can youoblige me?" Harper's Weekly.Cars leave Paris for Lexington Ver-.sailles and Frankfort every hour oathe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.rand at 10 p. m., the last car goinjfonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m.. until7 p. in., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30 a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30 p.m., the last car going only as faras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLE ;Division.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m., and 8:05 arid'10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a.. m.until 7 p. m. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after the.hour from 6:80 a. m. until 7:30 jm. and at 9:.':0 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after rhe hour from 6:1s a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Ge u etown and all Intermediate Points Freight Agent's Tftlpnone: Old Phone 309, "NewPhone 30ai -. . .-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 1 5, 1 912Wait Tobacco Laid.Ten or twelve acres to raise onshares in Bourbon or adjoining county.Address,213 West Pine Street,S3t Lexington, Ky.f A 11 AI uah uuntniiI All A I ITV IQUALITYSTYLECONOMYOur Footwear WillSuit Yon In TheseThree Respects.iIf you want full value, visit ourstore and we will convince you ofthe great money saving opportunities our store affords you." We now have some exceptionalgood values inWomen's, Misses'and Children'sSPRING STYLES,In Pumps, Shoes and Oxfords,which we will place on sale thisweek.Advanced surma specialLadies' Pumps and Oxfords inSatin, Gun Metal, Tan and Velvet,S1.99We just received a great shipment of Misses' and Children'shigh-grade Spring Shoes in plainand fancy leathers, which we willalso place, on sale at a bargain.White Shoes For Spring Are It.We have the best assortment of Shoes and Oxfordsin White Buck and Canvas at popular prices.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.IWrong Idea About WhalM.Since the time of Aristotle ";peoplehave assumed that whales blow waterthrough their noses, not, as' is actuallythe case, condensed breath. That thisview was wrong is proved by the factalone that the throat of the whale,which is the only way that the watercan enter, is not connected with theair passage.AllPilllICOM M TTEE HLES REPO RTLight Committee of City Council Recommeds a MunicipalPlant for the City.NEW ORDINANCE PASSESRequires All City Employes toRefrain from Use of LiquorWhile Discharging Duty.Initial steps toward the establishment of a municipal lighting: plant inParis were taken at the meeting of theCity Council last night, when after theLight Committee which Iifs had thematter of investigating the rateswhich the Paris Gas and Electric Co.are charging made its report.Jandrecommended the building and equipping of a plant.At the meeting last night the fullBoard was present and the ordinanceintroduced by Councilman Kenneyseveral weeks ago and which wasamended at the last meeting prohibiting employes of the city from indulging in the practice of entering saloonsor drinking, while on duty passed by aunanimous vote.Tne report submitted by the LightCommittee was accepted by the Boardand the Finance Committee wasauthorized to communicate with various electrical hau3ns in an effort toascertain the cost of equipping aplant, anJ was also given the authorityto employ an engineer (o go over thegrounds upon which the proposed' plantwill be located and to submit plansand specifications.The report submitted oy the LightCommittee which was tne result ofseveral weeks investigation is as follows :The Committee on, Lights, havingbeen given the power by the Mayorand Council of the city of Paris, to investigate the exorbitant accountsrendered to the private consumers bythe Paris Electric and Gas Light Company, hereby makn. their report :First After a thorough investigation, to the best of our ability, the information we could obtain is that themeters of this company appear to bepractically correct.SecoDd In some instances, themeters have been overread and alsounderread some months, and then coming up very large the next month.Third That the Paris Elcetric andGas Light Co. have or have had somevery incompetent meter readers, according to their own statements.Fourth .Ve have communicationsfrom several municipal owned plants,which seem to be doing well and giving low rates of lighting, and alsofrom private ownerships, which likewise give the same rates as that ofthe Paris Electric and Gas Light Co.,which give satisfaction to the consumer, also those that give a much lowerrate.Fifth We find that if the metersare registering right which at presentwe have no reason to doubt, that therate per K. VY. is too high for theamount consumed by the average consumer and far more than they canafford to pay; also if the fact that th8daylight current is greatly used andabused, as the, light company charges,then as the amount of current usedhas been greatly increased, then wecannot see why the price should standthe same as tt did when a smalleramount was consumed. A certainamount of current is wasted at theplant, as has b een stated to us, 'thenif this amount is used why still canthe prices stay 12 cents per K. W. instead of being reduced.Sixth We have invited and had arepresentative of the Paris Electricand Gas Light Co. at our meeting andtalked the situation over with him,and he stated to us that he would notreduce the prices. We asked him howmany incandescent lights were burnedin the city, which he refused to tellus.Seventh In view of the fact thatthe people are not satisfied with thepresent situation of the charges madethem, and from our investigation, andthe refusal of the Paris Electric andGas Light Co. to give us any information to enlighten us on the excessiveness of their accounts ajaiust the private consumers, and clamor of thelaboring people and people of moderatemeans'to use electricity as lights, butthe fear of excessive accounts whichmight be rendered them, which wouldreduce their income too greatly.Therefore, we, the committee,recommend that the city of Paris become owner of its own Electric Lightan Power Plant, thereby protectingcitizens and taxpayers, both rich andpoor, and to eliminate it from politics,putting same under a band of commissioners to be elected by the people.Wall Paper Time.Now is the time of year to do yourpapering for spring. Our stock waBnever so full and complete with beautiful patterns. Something entirelynew. Come in and look over the bigstock. Our decorators aru ready towait on you. Prices to suit all pocketbooks, J. T. HINTON.One Woman's Opinion of Others.It goes far toward reconciling me tobeing a woman when I reflect that Iand thus In no danger of ever marrying one. Lady Mary Wortley Montagu. Discord.The Musician Hang It, Blink, don'tyou realize that one of your shoessqueaks in'B flat and the other in Gmajor? Life.Good Bookkeeping.Sir Walter Scott, in lending a bookone day to a friend, cautioned him tobe punctual in returning it. "This isreally necessary," said the poet inapology, "for though many of myfriends are bad arithmeticians, I observe almost all of them to be good,bookkeepers.'(Continued For Page 1)before the entire right of way willbehad: from Paris to Indian Fields.The meeting of the committee fromthis county with the , Louisville andNashville officials is inevery way assuring that Paris and North Middletown have the greatest chance tosecure the road which would be of theI. regatest benefit to the business interests of the county. Assuming that theproject has a favorable termination noestimate can be made of what the results will be to Paris, bringing to ourcity a large number of people, puttingus on a direct line with tne richestcoal fields in the world and making 'itthe center of the shipping interests inCentral Kentucky..Literary Club Holds Meeting.The Paris LiteraryClubyraet Wednesday afternoon and a Browning program was rendered, the first paper bein upon the subject "Browning, thePoet of Pscy etiology," by Mr. William Myall. This'was followed by aRound Table diseusi&on. the topics being, "Browning, the Man," by Mrs.John Davis ; "His Idea of Religion, "by Miss Allene Power, and "HisLyrics and Dramas," by Miss AmosTurney, Jr. Mrs. Walter Payne thenpresented, "The Ring and the Book,"a study.After the program the election ofofficers was held and delegates to theState Federation meeting to be held atMammoth Cave in May, and to theBiennial convention in San Francisco,also were elected. The followingofiicers were elected: President, Mrs.J. T. Vansant ; First Vice President,Mrs. James McClure; Scond VicePresident, Mrs. Walter Payne; Secretary,' Miss Mary Woodford; TreasurerMrs. W. G. McClintock; Auidtor, Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr;. Delegate tothe State Federation, Mrs ThomasH. Clay, Jr. ; Alternate, Mrs. JohnUavis; Delegate to the Biennial Convention, Mrs. James McClure; Alternate, Miss Mary Fithian Hutchcraft.The civic committee, composed ofMiss Lucy Blythe Simms and Mrs.Henry Power, received instructions asto work to be accomplished in the nearfuture, and they will co-operate withMtf. Robert Goggin, chairman of thecivic committee in the ProgressiveCulture Club in the cleaning up dayfor Paris in May.Newman AutoBill Killed.The ' Newcomb automobile bill.Newcombwhich contained what were termed"drastic" clauses, is desd. The measure, are being loaded down withamendments, was finally tabled in theHouse Monday night without a rollcall after a series of heated debates.This ends any chance of any legislation this sesison againts automobilesand is considered a great victory forautomobile clubs of Kentucky. In allthe big cities of the State auto clubsadopted resolutions condemning thebill, declaring it would ruin the autobusiness in Kentucky if it became alaw. A petition signed by the autoowners of this county which followeda meeting held here was sent toFrankfort in opposition to the measure.Gets Appointment In Lexington.The many friends of Mr. HughesBronston in this city will be gratifielto learn of his appointment as manager of the road oiling department ofthe Indian Refining Co., in Kentucky,Tennessee, Virginia and SouthernOhio, and he arrived in Lexington atwhich place he will make his headquarters, Tuesday. Mr. Bronston,whj is a son of the late Senator Chas.Bronston, of Lexington, has been inthe employ of the Indian RefiningCompany for some time and has worktd himself from the bottom to the responsible position he now holds. Before being transferred to Lexington.He had charge of road oiling department of several E&stern states. Mrs,Bronston, who was formerlyEdith Alexander, of Paris, willhim in Leixntgon, and will visittives here.Missjoinrela-Mandale Filed in Fayetie Court.The mandate of the Court of Appeals reversing the decision of theFayette Circuit Court in the case ofMaggie R. -McClinfock against JamesD. McClintock, of Paris, for a divorceand alimony and the custody of theirlittle two year old daughter, RachelMcClintcok, was received Tuesday byJames C. Rogers. Circuit Clerk ofFayette, for record. The judgment ofthe higher court, which was writtenby Judge Lassing, covered twenty-twopages of typewritten matter. Regarding the deposition and custody of thechild, the higher court says:2 "While denying the plaintiff anyrelief whatever, the chancellor in hisjudgment awarded to her the custodyof their eighteen months old child anddirected that her husband should paymonthly for the support of hersplfand child, during this litigation, $62.53;per month ; but made no provisions forthe support of either the appellant orthe child after the termination of thislitigation. The judgment giving tothe wife the custody of the child waseminently proper, and the provisionmade for its father to see it at statedintervals and to have the custody of iton certain days of the week, wasfair and reasonable to both parties,and although no order has been madeby the court for its support, by itsfather, after the termination of thislitigation, the chancelor would haveample power to make such furtherorder from time to time as it needsthe conditions required. The chancellor should have allowed her at least$100 a month for the support of herselfand child, and this sum may be increased as the child grows older, andits wants and necessities for clothing,schooling, etc, require the expenditureof additional sums, or it may be reduced if the circumstances of the partiesrequire it. The judgment is reversedand cause remanded, with instructionsto the chancellor to enter a judgmentgranting to appellant the relief soughtto-wit: A divorce from bed and boardand a separate maintenance, which hewill hx in his order for the presentupon the first of each and everymonth.xne attorneys ior tne piaintitr wereTalbott & Whitley, of Paris ; GeorgeC. Webi and Maury Kemper, JudgeDenis Dundon, of Paris, and Allen &Duncan, of Lexington, represented the$1ft fi Will startCM and startsuccess.CllltllfCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00JUDGE FOB YOURSELF.Which is Better Try an Experiment or Profit by a ParisCitizen's Experience.Something new is an experiment.Must be proved to be as represented.The statement of a manufacturer - isnot covincing proof of merit.But the endorsement of friends is.Now supposing you had a bad back,A lame, weak or aching one,Would you experiment on it.You will read of many so calledcures.Endorsed by strangers frorr faraway places.It is different when the endorsementcomes from home.Easy to prove local testimony.Read this case:George McCandles, butcher. Pari?,Ky., says: "Some time ago I had occaison to'uae a kidney remedy and atlhatgtime Doan's Kidney Pills gaveme complete relief, which has provenpermanent. I got them for backacheand disordered kidneys. The way theystopped my trouble has proven theirmerits.For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milt urn Co., BuafTlo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the name Doan's andtake no olhr.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstcla?p barbers 13 tfWmmACopyright 1910. by tho Standard Adv. Co.II I m i iKillAND well it should; it shows thedetermination to success.X Unl feed States Depository for PostalSaviragSoWe pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts XDEPOSIT SANK OF PA 13. 1Capital $1 00,000a ban aCHMit here,you on the road toif &Protection$267,500.00DIAMOND NOTES.The management of the Maya villaclub is'32,000 in the hole from lastseason and with the spring trainingsoon coming on it is estimated theclub will be $2,500 behind before theseason begins. The hat will be passedaround among ihe lovers of the gamein the river town to make up thedeficit. Here's hoping they get it,more too, that Maysville, a good bassball (own, may remain in the league.Got Away With Many Nickels.With his pockets stuffed with nickels, a man was arrested in Mount Vernon, N. Y., a few days ago, chargedwith vagrancy. Puzzled at the jinglingsounds issuing from his garments, thepolice searched his clothes finding, totheir amazement, that 800 nickels wejestowed about his person. The prisoner then confessed that he had tappeda nickel-in-the-slot machine and madeaway with $40.Frequently Too Slow.The maxim of Englishmen is "slowand sure," and too 'often they standon the river brink waiting for thewater to run away before venturing, tocross it. Rev. S. Baring Gould.Hadn't Come So Far."I can trace my descent for 500years." "Sure enough?" "Yes. Howfar can you trace your descent?" "Notvery far. But I never claimed to havedescended so far as you."I? Inil IT I ITifTlTTIMRLDMILESWfoMANMONEYSurplus $30,000.wdefendant.r