'KTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARj'$VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1912LimW immy vmIsM:sIss,3S,i5ees,a"Tt M9-. m &- . 9"S ritcuuuui i0kla0WOnAllSHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.illWe have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSNubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.VGEO. McWILLIAMS,19IPhones 301The Shoe Man1 i h IJoon'tStayAt Home and BroodOver the High Cost of Living,But Come in and See What We Can Save You onGroceries. Below is Just a Few ofOur Many Bargains:Former Parisian Dies Inhoma.A message received last night by MrGeo. W. Davis from Mr. Victor K.Shinn nf Oklahoma. City. Oklahoma,announced the death of Mr. 0. F. Didlake, formerly of Paris. The telegramgave no details concerning his deathand the remains left Oklahoma Cityyesterday afternoon, enroute to Paris.The death of Mr. Didlake will comeflQ n orrp.at shock to hi3 many friendsin this city, where jie spent a greatportion of his life and for a number otyears was engaged in business here.For several years he was engaged inh trrnn.P.rv business, conducting astore in the building at me corner uj.Tenth and Main streets, now occupiedby the firm of Baird & Taylor. Heconducted a very successful businessuntil about ten years ago when he metwith reverses. He later engaged inthe coal and feed business, and continupH in this until a few months beforehe moved West to make his futurehome. In June, 1911, Mr. Didlakedipsosed of his proprty in East Paris,and with his wife moved to OklahomaCity to make his future home.Mr. JJidlaKe, wno wasugeu auuuu iuyears, was exceedingly active, and until a few months before going West,had enoyad the best of health:He was an ex-Confederate soldier,enlisting at the outbreatc of the war,through which he served in tne company under the command of Col. E. F.Clay, of Pans, tie was a memoer uj.Couer de Lion Commandery No. 26, K.t nf this nit.v. and for more than nf-toon vpnrs held the office of recordkppnp.r in the local commanderymhinh ho rpsicmpd shortly . before leavino- Paris. The telergam receivedhv Mr. navis last nieht stated thathis request was that ihe bejburied withnnnfodorjifp nnd Masonic honors. L Iheexact time for he arrival of the remains cannot be stated, but it is expected that they will reach Paris tonight on the 10:40 L. & N. train,when they will be taken to the undertaking establishment of Mr. Geo. W.Davis, where they will remain untilthe time of the funeral, which will beat 3 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, withservices at the crave in the Paris cemeterv conducted oy Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26, Knights Templar, andthe Confedarate veterans. The members of the local Knights TemplarCommandery are requested to be '..atthe asylum Wednesday aiternoon ai2:30 o'clock, to participate in the ser-r1"WE KNOW HOW"v1WasASmt16 lbs. Granulated Sugar8 Bars Lenox SoapBrass King Wash Boards2 Cans Good Corn1 lb. Can Royal Baking PowderJTTrT,here is nothing nicer, and we-" know there is nothing coolerfor Summer wear than a pair ofWhite Serge or White FlannelTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue SergeCoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Silk Pongee Shirts, with collars tomatch, made with soft turn-back Cuffs, WhiteSilk Hose and Wash Ties.Don't suffer with the heat when you cankeep cool at a small cost.ivices.Royal Seal Oats per can(The Only Oats for Summer)Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, 8. 10 aud $12values, at S4.98THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Mitchell & Blakemore,OutfittersMienParis, KentuckyPure Hog Lard per lb :Mason Fruit Jars, qts., per doz.Mason Fruit Jars, pts., per dozFruit Cans, per dozBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack SOcSO-lb Sack 1 -6100-lbSack., $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Wj'--5!t5 ImmCash Grocery.Both Phones 234JHospital Trustees Will Meet Today.Mra w R Simms and Mrs. E. F.Clay, trustees of the W. VV. MassieHospital, will meet today with Architect H. L. Rowe, of Lexington, toconsider the bids for the improvempntc on the nosDital building, the oldG. G. White property in White Addifinn THp timp. for receiving the bidsclosed Saturday morning at 10 o'clock.The structure, which was purchasedfor the hospital will be improved inmany respects and an addition- to beused as a colored department win vverected.Modern cnuveniencies will be installed in the building proper, whichwill include a hydraulic elevator.A number of bids were received by thetrustees, who together with the designing architect, will open themtoday.Cotton Skirts.Ladies' white cotton corduroy skirts,$2 values, at 98 cents.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.I. X. jmmmh ... MMMMMM 'BMBBBimAlf tta kf Viff& syf 3M MC JA. .i-iimmiiiiiiiiuimiuuDrai iiiiiHiiiiiiiiHiiuiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiuniiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiuiuiiiiiuijMimimnmiiiiiiimiriiii (FRANK & COS ilThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.mfiacSmmmmm&&Special SaleRefrigerators.New iceberg Refrigeratorsto $25.00.16-tfFinal Clean-Up SaleOFL75 upA. F. WHEELER & CO.OF PUREiK5Ladies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.SILKSold For SOcVS-aSfF:'iV3&m.cf&3l0CHOICEOr 2 Pair for 75cAH SizesSee Show Window,AKrfcfivxmm7'iaeV3Z3K?m&PRi6&&60.GiotHiersand Furnishersi-!:. K.mii .'-NJil iVr '.-y-Mpi,Y,-B-.vss.ggWindsor Hotel Will Again BeOpened.David D. Cline, trustee in bankruptcy, in thecase of Evan W. Floyd, former nroprietor of the Windsor Hotelin this city, sold yesterday the turniture and fixtures at;the hutel to Mr.Beverly Burnett, of tnis city, andMiss Laura McKee, who recently cameVip.p frnm Bristol. Tenn. ine pricepaid for the entire hotel equipmentwas $60,00. The nurchasers haveleased the hotel building and it istheir nurpose to again throw the hotelopen tofthe public and.they exaect tohave the well-known hosterly in opeiofinr. hv Anoriisfc 10. Mr. Burnett hasbeen engaged in the grocery businessin. this city for the nast two years,while Miss McKee, who came to thiscitv from Flemingsbuc, has been engaged in the hotel business for thepast ten years.For the'past'year Mis3 McKee hashppn in charee of the St. LawrenceHntPl in Bristol. Tenn.. which isowned by Mrs. C. J. McLear, of thiscity. Under the instruction of Mrs.McLeer she soon acquired the reputation of an expert stewardess and durintr the uast year while connectedwith the hotel at Bristol, made quite areputation for the hostelry, serving thevestibule trains on the Q. and C. railroad between New York and New Orleans. It is the plan of the new proprietorsto conduct a fi'rst-'class hotel. Mr.n-incr Williams, who has for severalyears been connected with the hotelk.h tuVin hns RPrvpd in the caoacity ofcustodian during the bankruptcy proceedings, will retain his former position as clerk under the new managc-All$25.00 Ladies' Suits, now :15.00 Ladies' Suits, now35.00 Lingerie Dresses, now25.00 Lingerie Dresses, now20.00 Lingerie Dresses, now15.00 Lingerie Dresses, now10.00 Lingerie Dresses, now30.00 Silk Dresses, now25.00 Silk Dresses, now20.00 Silk Dresses, now10.00 Linen Dresses, now7.50 Linen Dresses, now '.....'5.00 Linen Dresse5, nowOther Ready-to-Wear Garments- - Price - - -$ 9.985.001 7.501 5.009.987.754.98. 15.00. 12.50. 1 0.OO4.983.982.98Reducedin5? Ew I; sFRANK & CO.,I Paris, - - Kentucky 1 61 &glinml,mimiimmiUHffl;KiimillimMUH J;$A1mmmmm.tdprWffment. , -sJ--V-,-ti-XilWiiTlB"!VAMKJ3Mu-ITHE BO BON NEWS, PARIS) KENTUCKY, JULY 30 1912.JL BliOOB WE&K25NE WITHC&UT ALCOaOIi.Recently it has been definitly proven by experiments on animals that alcohollowers the germicidal power of the body end that alcohol paralyzes the white corpuscles o the blood and renders them unable to take up and destroy disease germs..Disease germs cause the death o? over one-halC of the huiran race.A blood medicine, made entirely without alcohol, which is a pure glyceric extract of roots, such as Bloodroot, Queen's root, Golden Seal root, Mandrake and"Stone root, has been extensively sold by druggists (or the past forty years as Dr.IPierce'- Golden Medical Discovery. The refreshhig influence of this extract is likeNature o inGuence the blood is bathed in the tor.. Tthich gives Hfc to the blood-Ihc vital fires cf the body burn brighter and their increased activity consumes the. "tissue rubhith which has accumulated during the winter.Dr. R. V. Pierce, the founder of the Invalids iiotel andCurgical Institute, and a phyrician cf large experience andpractice, was the first to mak-2 up an Alterative Extract ofroots, vvliheut a particle cf a cohol or narcotic."It is with the greatest of pleasure, that I write to let rou know ofthe greet benefit I received from the x.se of your medicines and selftreatment at heme," writes Mrs. 7m. Heies, of Lndysmith, B. C. " I suffered for three yca-s from a running- sore. Consulted four doctors butthey failed to mend or give relicT. Finaby I was told I was in consumption and world hive to consult a specialist concerning my ear, that thedead tone mu?t be cut out before the wound would heal. A kind friend: Ivised me to wrfuj to Dr. Puree, which I did, and after seven months'CjC of the treatment the sore is healed, and 1 enjoy better health than Ii -er did. I crested the wound with Dr. Pierce's All-Healing Salve and!c the 'Golden Mei.ical DI&io ery ' and 'Pleasant Pellets' for myl -,-blcs. I tr-all cUvajb recommend your medicines.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate liver and bowels.Y - - ATHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 1881 30 .Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceH -rAifej ornc mm i fTii unvti sClothing DepartmentiMsAll the Latest Ideas int Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.SPRINGCLOTHNow On DisplayLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.For President,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRILL,of Scott county.Some Good AdviceTo the People.For Sale,How "Dissolution" Helps.The Standard Oil Co's. profit figuresfor the six months since January firstthe first six months of operationunder the terms of the SupremeCourt's dissolution decrees show thatthe, trust has piled upv profits of $46,611,628. Last year the Standard OilCompany of New Jersey, the corporation which distributed dividends forthe trust, paid out profits of $3,335,320. Thus "t is apparent that "dissolution " suits are highly beneficial tosuch law-defying monopolies as theStandard Oil Co.Don't sell your old feathers un- i"til you find out the prices,can call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. I-will let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyJhave been well cared for are asrgood as new. We pay market' price for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,. 5th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374A nice lot of home-grown plums.VA11 , wnoiesaie or reian. verv nice ior can-JL UU. I ,.,- rii ,-... . ir t ri vr onnuiK. Kjo.ii uvci m. x. i xiuiit: .uu. ov.Ruddles Mills Ex.16-4tC.L. HOUGH,Paris, Ky.AUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is our-.specialty. 'InARRERHOPModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.'.L.iEverything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSees Success Ahead.governor James B. McCreary has returned to Frankfort from Atlantic Cityafter the Baltimore convention. GovernorlMcCreary is very sanguine overthe prospects of. the Democratic candidates this fall and expresses the opinion thatWilson and Marshallwill comeout the winners in the coming electionIn discussing the matter Governor McCreary said :"Kentucky sent me to Baltimore instruted to cast her twenty-six votesfor ChampClark and, as chairman ofthe delegation, I personally cast thosetwentv-six votes as a unit for fortyfive ballots. It was not only a duty,but a pleasure, to have done so. forMr. Clark was my choice. When Governor Stone, Mr. Clark's manager, released his friends, our delegation wentto Governor Wilson and materiallyaided in giving; him the two-thirdsmajority neessary to secure his nomination. I believe that GovernorWilson and Governor Marshall willlead the Democracy to a great victoryin JNovember. I have nothing butpraise for the ticket and the commendation for the platform, which is themost "progressive ever adopted in anational convention. During Governor Wilson's several visits to KentuckyI had the pleasureofimeeting him andhealing hia addresses both at Lexington and at Frankfort. Recently atAtlantic City I had the opportunity torenew that acquaintance. He impresses every one that meets him as aresolute, virile, ablemanwith the intellect to solve the great problems otgovernment and the courage to giveforce and,effect tohis advanced ideas."I talked .with many of the leadersat Baltimore, and the consnsus of opinion was that under Wilson and Marshall a united party will march againstthe'Jsroken ranks of the Republicans.The Eastern Democrats have takenmost kindly to Governor Wilson's nomination. There is postive enthusiasmfor him in New York and New Jersey,where his labors as president of Princeton and'his more recent constructivework as Governor.'oi New Jersey havewon the favor of that large indpendentelement which supported Grover Cleveland: "It is my opinion that Kentuckywill give Wils'on and Marshall thegreatest majority ever returned for apresidential ticket in this Stat. Ishall speak for Wilson and Marsl alland do all in myrpowerto'electthemj"Sunshine a Cleanser.Sunshine is the best possible disinfectant. The rays of the sun penetrate and disintegrate all organic substances. Let it flood the rooms whichare occupied whenever it is possible.Lay the bedding in its direct rays foran hour every bright morning. Darkcorners that have a stuffy smell aredangerous to the health of the household.Unprofitable Pets.It is said that a hundred thousandcanaries are kept in Paris apartmentsand that it costs $2,000 a day to supply them with chickweed alone. Theyalso consume large quantities of lettuce, hemp and other seeds.MARTIN BROS.(Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.During the summer months mothersof youne children should watch for anyunnatural loosaness of the bowels.j When given prompt attention at thisEighth Street Both Phones, i time serious trouble may be avoided.I Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diar-rnoea Kemeay can always be dependedHot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are nextM. A. KAHAL.upon. For sale by all dealers.Ci-toMan's Idea of Woman's Dress."If a man spots anything remarkable about a woman's dress, ninetimes out of ten it is something thatannoys him; if he merely considersher well dressed, the effect asIs enough for him, and details are superflous." Clouds, by Charles Iggles-den.Wilson's Broad Appeal.The practical wisdom of GovernorWilson's nomination is asserting itselfmore every day. Of all the men thatwere available for the Democraticnomination, none was so well fortifiedas the New Jersey Governor to meetth requirements of the country and the !party. jThat the has the confidence'of thebusiness interests is shown by the factthat his nomination did not cause.thesightest disturbance in the financialcenters that are supposed to be barometers of the business welfare.All the big corporations are workingalmost to the limit of their capacity.The Balwdin Locomotive Works, ofPhiladelphia, which employs 15,000men in one plant, announced withinthe week that it would work to -thecapacity for a year to come on presentorders.Every day sees the conversion ofinfluential Republicans to the Gnver-j nor's allegiance, notable among whom' is C. R.Crane, the Chicago millionaire who long supported Roosevelt.Added to these favorable signs thegovernment crop reports point to abumper yield, so that it would seemthat even Providence approved the selection of the noted Princeton man tolead the Democratic hosts to victory.Favors Democrat as Leader.Wiliiam H. Hotchkiss, chairman ofthe National Progressive partv in NewYork State, has announced "that hefavored the nomination of a progressive Democrat to lead the Progressiveticket in New York this fall. Thisannouncement caused excitementamong the Republican followers ofTheodore Roosevelt.William Barnes, Jr., chairman of theRepublican State Committee, statediridav afternoon that the regular Republican party would not attempt byI any technical! ies of the election law. to hamner the election nf Prnirrocaivoa whole t-leotora m .his RfatP Tha aif.c3rt' Stat" orfic-r, and there is no wayj to ktrp thorn i ff the State ticket.RIGHTMETALCORTMmm Used in ever increasing Mj quantities, because the roofs mKr put on 26 years ago are as JK?fSr good as new to-day, and have J$&rrrnpFor Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg,Ky.KXSKMEaGEO. W. DAVISFDNEHAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E&BALMEBOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.S2S(fe3aBSS;SSS3fcSaS5'SaiSJi)Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn,. 1 M?wgPNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.$3&55&0i2Fm&3&ZZ&12Z;efficiency depends uponyour condition.' - Scott's Emulsion builds,strengthens and sustainsrobust health.'! Att Druggists.Scott & Bowne. Blooiufield. N. J 12-8Cumberland telephone ana telegraph omp,nyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland serviceHAVE telephone service."youCumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatednCTVITC TDiMCM i MTEnr IDl-.mii) lnAlUfLAlULUJlIIIX J. WIIiXiTAMS,tj . ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Buildinir.UDr. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.I E T 13vm Office PlioneB Home.- B. T. 334.Residence j Home 334.DR.A.H' KELIiEB,Practicing Physician,Offices. Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gPri, -Many euros have been reported.A littletablet called "Digestit" hosbeen found to be certain quick relieffor acute indigestion. Many caseshave been reported where instant relief resulted from its use. Brown'sDigestit is the successful treatment lorall stomach disorders. It relievesindigestion instantly and cures dyspepsia. Sold on positive guarantee-50c. ,Allow Sunday Target Shooting.Sunday target shooting in the British army ranges is permitted in theLondon district except during morningchurch hours.Go to Back's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shaveKentucfe3' Idas? barbers. 13 tfDa:y GUmpss of Manhattan.Numerous elderly, prosperous-lookingbusiness men were distinguishedin the wriggling throng that filled ihofloor most of the time, and at daybreak the negro musicians were stillplaying. New York Sun.4:A Girl's Wild Midnight Ride.To wa-n people of a fearful forestfire in th" Catskills a young girl rodehorseback at midnight" and saved manylives. Her deed was glorious but livesare ofien saved by Dr. King's NewDiscovery in curing lung trouble,coughs and rold. which might haveenoed in consumption or pneumonia."It cured me nf a dreadful coueh andlung disease," writes W, R. Patterson,Wellington, Tex., "after four in ourfamily had died with rnrv.mptjQ andI gained 87 pounds." Nothi - sateand sure for all thront ind lane slee. Price 50c and $1.0o, rul bott efree. Guaranteed by OberdoiiwAnyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERancPthen used another can appreciate fcheidiff erence inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, sll steel frame, andthe work done are iUfeatureGive us yourgetting jone,order now so you will be sure ofYERKES & PBIOHARDBofchf Phones 66. jM& A 'IiiwsiaBBflHA jhhir--3lVTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 30, 1912.C n hh tw-HH Hfl.HI HB.HB I1H UH BH""B- KH-ua HM-imJiB" hh ii--'iin nn ph un-"m-"an iiSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.IfIgHARLIE WHITEIVSOON, the Cowt?1 fr NES medicines, Hoots & Herbs.I -em doctors think only of ' "opon & neni S w?SJTe PePle regarded God's promises. ModI crease rapidly every y.ar. Sh S f n dlseSf ?nriSUXnM sufferinS & deaths from disease inI & among the Indians give me a peculiar ntness & kLXep of thf.y yearS ePeprience as a Cow-boyI my remedies have cured & are rari & Herbs as medicines,j diseases, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach f TronhiPQ ?? Sf ' Bladder Llvfr! Female & Skinbest doctors I wan to PROVE ! thS tn till ZA ! I roubles that were pronounced incurable by thef kind ever published Uw &BjmirSX $ greatest book of itsLake; PLJ6 Roots V Herts,fe'KLINE for thr liri'7'r?rCE Py(mI1tO.rt cxceVr fORDrRS TOSTAGE PAIDT plied H.,u all wholesale dealers.& n-mi jtiiannti im ni im uPOPULARKENTUCKYSUNDAY, August 4Fee the Fanoss Hfch DrgcD ND COVCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.) k7 c?ceis S'jW cl G EC riG ETOWK fro-dPo Irsfo-irt?f on Ca!l Or. Any Ticket Acent, Or Pddt"' r- Hit Ids Pscsenqer and Ticket Agent,X."S&22ZSiS22fL22-r3FryviKentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed forholdinglthe Kentucky fairs for 1912, asfar as reported. Officers of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Georgetown July 30, five days.Harrodsburg July 30, four days.Henderson July 30, four days.Lancaster July 30. three days.Berea August 1, three days.Taylorsville August 6, four days.Uniontcwn August 6, fice days.Winchester August 7, four days.Danville August 7, three days.Mt. Vernon August 7. tnree days.Veisailles August 7, three davs.Lexington Bluegrass Fair, August12, six davs.Fern Ceek August 13, four days.Leitcnfield August 13. four days.Vanceburg August 14, four davs.Brodhead August 14, three dayE.Hardinsburg August 20, three days.Shepberdsville August 20, four days.Lawrenceburg August 20, four days.Columbia August 20, four days.Erlanger August 21. four days.Eminence August 22, four days.Stanford August 21, three days.Ewing August 22, thee days.Shelbvville August 27, four days.Hodgenville August 2, four davs.London August 27, three days.Nicholasville August 27,three days.Fulton August 28, four days.Germantown August 28. four days.Dover August 28, four days.Springfield August 28, four days.Florence August 28, four days.Franklin August 29, three days.Somerset September 4, four davs.Elizabethtjvn September 3, threedays.PARIS, September 3. five days.Tompkinsvilie Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.bJardstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdavs. .Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3. fcur days.Melbourne -Sentember 17, five days.Horse Cave-September 18, fourdavs.Poor naint makes.apply it; second because you have to repaint oftener." Even the apparent saving in cost per gallon of the poor paint is eaten upby its low covering capacity ; it takes more gallons of the poor paint to dothe job.Cost of paintTT -.GOD'S HERB!& nn o ,JOf! -pr.wv,wi,i,''. itimm.jijJaime says so, &. MlIs being pro-wii ewewy lcfnmnrh 7.V,,.- 7, J "u u jiiu i; SllL. JU1U lj(jlO 1 o cr UUS1L-' r y "OTirf Aaraf got tt or won't get it, I WILL FILL YOUR'y 'e'""ded- I0C r 3 ars 25c athh tm . rr , urEXCURSIONBRIDGERoundTriponly on Special Train leaving at 100 am.ddressS!GTON, KY. iSESE!S2S2iS35H2SSKI2EffiffllulSi2A Hero In a Lighthouse.For years J. S. Donahue, So. Havn,Mich., a civil war captain, as a lighthouse keeper averted awful wrecks,but a queer fant is that he might havebeen a wreck himselifElctric Bittershad not prevented. "They cured me ofkidney troubles'and chills," he writes,"after I had "taken other so-calledcures tor years, without benefit, andthey alsojimproved my sight. Now, atseventy, I am feeling fine." For 'dyspepsia, indigestion, all stomach, liverJ and kidney troubles, they are withoutequal. Try them. Only 0 cents katOberdrfer's.Fell Far Without Injury.Simone Catinot, a five-year-old girl,fell from a fourth floor window of abuilding at Havre, France, the otherday, without sustaining any injurysave a few scratches. The child hadbeen left alone in a locked room, andas she could not open the door, shebroke a pane of glass with an umbrella and jumped out of the window.She was taken to a hospital, but aftera careful examination was pronounceduninjured.Buv it now. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Kemdey is almost certain to be needed before thesummer is over. Buy it now and beprepared for such an emergency. Forsale by all dealers.True Culture."Culture is knowledge gained notfor its own sake, but for the sake ofthe refining of the mind and thesweetening of the world. To knowby head rote and not by heart rote,all the rules of politeness would nevermake a man polite. Knowledge is forloving use." "Literature and Life,"by Rev. L. Maclean Watt.Wise Warning.Art cannot be taught; craftsmanshipcan be taught. It is the danger of allacademies to confuse art with craftsmanship. London Academy.The Cost of Paintingis lowest if you use IV. P.The greatest part of the cost inpainting is the labor. The paint itselfis only about one-third of the cost.the labor cost more, first becauseand cost.of labor are both lower witaJJ y -fit 77 sniff fnrJ vsttC. A. DAUGHERTYl5T,S-lb. i3 w C0a . &s.O 46?riJMWW A'K f.'l U'mmuiKi.irmqBoy Herbalist"Isiall dealers, Retail, who are sufrIiu$$100 Per Platewas paid at a banquet rto Henry Clayin New Orleans in 1842. Mighty costly for those with stomach trouble orindigestion. Today people everywhereuse Dr. King's New Life Pills forthese troubles as well as liver, kidnevand bow'el disordrs. Easy, safe, sure.Only 25 cents at Oberdoifer's.German Agriculture.Agriculture supports nearly 19,000,000 of the inhabitants of the Germanempire.Frightful Polar Windsblow with teiriffic force at the farnorth and play havoc with the skin,causing rough, red or sore chappedhands tand lips that need Bucklen'sArnica Salve to heal them. It makesthe skin soft and smooth. Unrivaledfor cold-sores, also burns, boils, ulcers,2uts, bruisps and piles. Only 25 centsat Oberdorer's.Few Foreigners in British Army.It is said there were only four foreigners in the British army last year.Dysentery is ahvavs seiious andoften a dangerous disease, but it canbe cured. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedv hascured it even when malignant andepidemic. For sale by all dalers.The Chocolate Plant.The chocolate plant is a native ofAmerica. When first introduced intoEurope chocolate was used only as aluxurj', but it speedily advanced inpopular esteem. It is now cultivatedin countries far from its original home.The chocolate plant, as well as teaand coffee, has been cultivated fromtime immemorial. Chocolate as abeverage rapidly made its way inEurope, beginning in Spain, whither itwas first brought. Harper's Weekly.Conditioned."How's your son getting on in college?" "Not at all. Every time thereare two men on bases and it's his turnto bat, they bench him and give asubstitute hitter a chance." DetroitFree Press.Never Repeat an Unkind Thing.Never repeat unkind things. But ifyou hear something kind and pleasantand sweet, then make it your businessto repeat it. It may sound superior tosay you do not care whether peoplelike you or not, you must speak yourmind. That isn't superiority. It issupreme selfishness and surliness.If you are a housewife you cannotreasonably hope to be healthy or beautiful by washing dishes, sweeping- anddoing houswork all day, and "crawlingin o bed dead tired at night. Youmu t get out into the open air and sunlight. If you do this every day andkeep your stomach. and bowels in goodorder by taking Chamberlain's Tabletswhen needed, you should become bothhealthy and beautiful. For sale by alldealers.-tit takes longer to0 w. r. JQtJtfiv. xi. ivjeuarty is installing alagre cannery at Licking, Nicholascounty, which makes two large nlantsthere.The export of lambs from Garrardcounty is still large and many havebeen sold at prices from 6 to 7 centsper pound. .Evidence introduced at San Francisco in the Government's suit again3tthe Sugar Trust. indicated that competition was made'impossible in the openmarket in 1906. .Mr. Owen Laughlin, of Mt. Sterling, is one of the nearest heirs to anestate valued a $75,000, left by aranchman, Rockla Thornton, who diedat I.aBarge, Wyoming.C. C. McDonald. -buyer for the S.& S. Co. of Cincinnati, shipped twelvecarloads of the finest export cattleever shipped from Montgomery county.Thev averaged 1,425 pounds andbrought 7 1-2 and7 3-4 cents.Beck Bros., of Sonora. Kj., boughtthe two year old stallion, Warren Rose,from W. R. Witlow, of Oakland, Kv.,at afancy price. They will show himwiththeir string'of horses at the fairsand expect him to win.Thunderstoms which prevailed inNicholas county the past week andlightning accompanying has been playing havoc with live stock. A numberot farmeis report losses of horses andcattle from the lightning bolts. Somefine stock has been killed and the lossin that section has been several hundred dollars.The condition of the corn crop inNicholas county continues poor, butsome better as a result of continuedrainfall. The corn crop as an averageis far below the usual at this season ofthe year, owing to the unevennessand an insect which cmtinues toplay havoc with the cron in the Northern section of the cnuntv.Ten Progressive Republicans overthrew the legular'Republicans in theSenate and joined with the Democratsin passing the La Follette woolen tar-1iff revision bill as a substitute for theDemocratic measure framed bv theHouse ot Representatives. The LaFollette bill was adopted by a vote ot47 to 20, less than two hours afterthe Republican leaders had achievedwhat they believed was a victory whena corrmromise submitted by SenatorPeru ose was Dassed in the Committeeof the Whole.James B. Haggin, of New York,owner of the Elmendoif Stock Farm,near Lexington, before staiting on hisreturn to New York had the stallion.Knight, sire of Anaconda 2:01 1 2.painlessl put to death as a relief fromthe infirmities of age. The old horsehad lost all ot his teeth, and as hecould therefore take little nourishment, he had grown very thin andweak. Hh was twentv-five vrars old,and his fame rested almost entirely onhaving sired Anaconda. He wasburied in a grave near the stationbarn at Elmendorf.The government Friday concludedits 2se against the Chicago Butterand Egg Board in the suit for an injunction to restrain the QuotationCommittee of the board from "fixing"the price on butter and eggs. The lastevidence was from thepublishers of atrade bulletin, which quotes the pricesmade by the Butter snd Egg Board.The directors of the board will begintheir defense September 16. Meanwhile it is expected that the government attorneys will perfect plans fcrcii x inal prosecution ot the board forviolation of the Sherman anti-trust actthrough alleged restraint of trade.Eyes Demand Repose.Many people cannot remain unoccupied, and in their moments of leisurehasten to seize a book or a piece ofembroidery. These are undoubtedlyexcellent means of distraction, butthey are fatiguing for the eyes, uponwhich they impose continuous workwithout a break. One must know howto repose the eyes just as one considers it quite natural to rest the musclesafter a fatiguing walk.Its Only Purpose."O Willie, Willie," cried a teacherto a hopelessly dull pupil, "whateverdo your think your head is for?"Willie, who evidently thought this another of the troublesome questionsthat teachers were always asking,pondered it deeply. "Please, miss,"he replied at length, "to keep mycollar on!" Youth's Companion.Common Drinking Cup to lieBanished.The'State Department of EducationI has ample authoritv to enforce its rulebanishing the common drinking cup inthe public schools, in the opinion ofAttorney-General Garnett, who sayshe is in nertect sympathy with thepurpose of Superintendent of PublicInstruction Barksdale Hamlett. although he holds that the anti-publicdi inking cup lav 'does not apply toschools. In a statement given outFriday, sustaining both the opinion otAssistant Attorney-General M. M.Logan and the policy of Superintendent Hamlett, Attorney-General Garnett said :"The Court of Appeals ten yeaisago, in the case of the Board of Education against the City of Covingtonin passing on the rights of governingauthorities of schools, said: Our conclusion is that those in charge of suchschools .have the right to formulatesuch necessay rules as, in their judgment, will best promote the publicgood. '"The school partakes of the natureof a large family. The teacher is inloco narentis. Those in control of theschools have the right to prohibit theuse of the common drinking cup in theschools, not under tha act of 1912, butunder the law which has been in frocefor many years The Superintendentof Public Instruction has been so advised, and 1 am informed that it ishis purpose to prohibit the use of thedrinking cup in the common schools ofthe State, not under the act of 1912,but under the authority vested in theschool authorities long before the actBlue Grass FairSix Big Days and Nights, CommencingMonday, Aug. 12,America's Greatest Horse Show5 Big Saddle Horse StakesRunning and HarnessRaces DailyInnes BandSensational Tree Acts DailyThe Greater Parker ShowsSee the Big Floral Parade the First DanReduced Rates on AH RoadsFor Catalog or further information addressJOHN W BAIN, Secretary,lL. Sc N. TIME-TABLEIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains -A.rrrveSo. FKOM34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily.. 52i amLexington, Ky., Daily 4 34aia.29 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday "...".".".".". 7 35 ans7 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7 38 arrfe10 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7 55 am40 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . s.12 am37 Cincinnati, O., Dily 9 50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .. .7.7.7.7..' 10 O am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily ; 20.15 am33 Cincinnati, O. , Daily 10 24 anx-26 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday .........'..' l-OO arr25 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 3 10 pm9 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 315 p'm13S Lexington, Ky.. Daily 3.3438 Knoxvilleenn.. Daily 3 95 m5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 fm39 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5 40 pns30 Lexington, Ky., Daily .03 pa8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 an32 Jacksonville. Fla. , "Daily q q5 prr31 Cincinnati , O. , Daily ..'. .'7' .'.". 7 .10 :50 pmwTran.s XDe-psirtNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5 23 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday... 777.77777777777777.7 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday j',47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday " . 820 arc10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7 8 20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ".!!"!" Y.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn. , Daily 953 anx33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily 7 1094 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 'm'Y....'.Y.'.'.'.'.'.'.7.Y.'. Yl0 27 ana6 Maysville, K., Daily 12 05 pn26 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 19 04 an25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 334 pns38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3 4o pro:9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday I"..".".".! 7.7, 552 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday "5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky. , Dailv Except Sundav . . 6.15 pns30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 6 95 pT K31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pni13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 p3 0. 53?3CjVr5-s3?,.3SXjiESIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains Jk.rri-veNo. FROM-2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda s.13 arr8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50"pjes162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00 pmuTrains IDe-partNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7. 7. 7. 1 .743 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 amv3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 am-,5rf" 7JrssId Easiest to Ns&V tf$)M hi on any WSWB. Q. D. Clincher feggJusi as superior toother tiresas MicheUn Red Inner Tubes are toother tubes1 tuttm MiiiYeirkes & PrichardCor. Pleasant and High1$25,000 in Premiumsi-Splendid Display of Every JClass of Live Stockof America;I:mLexington, Ky. IU1Cr.a. a.DetaeliabJ3iiiicnermm bm M;tock bybecame a law.",ys-the: bourbon, news, paris, Kentucky, july : 301912Vi '-Pelts Paid for Theft.A turkey which Edward Richardsonlmd been fattening disappeared. Foxtracks led to a cave and Richardsonfet & charge of dynamite, which blewtip the cave. In the ruins he foundthe carcasses of six foxes. Their peltswere worth $60, far more than a turkey. -Brookfield Courier.Rams For Sale.I have for sale pure bred SouthdownRams and Ewes that are extra good.A. S. THOMPSON,E. T. phone 192,12jly 4t-Fri. (residence).nCurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Pruits, Etc.If it comes from Henry's itfs all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.CURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4thA. W. CottinghamThe Up-town Grocer, Who ReachesAll Parts of Town.A Few Hot Weather Specials16-lbs. Granulated Sugar 1 .OOPure Hog Lard, 50 pound cans, per lb 1 4cHome-Grown Potatoes, per peck 30cFull N. Y. Cream Cheese, per lb 25cRoyal Baking Powder, per lb 45cPickled Pork, pel' lb :5...12 l-2cSmoked Bacon, per lb 1 6cFresh Bolted Meal, per peck , 30cQuart Can Boston Baked Beans 1 OcBest Coal Oil, per gal . 1 5c, two al. 25cTwo Cans Tomatoes 25cThree Cans Corn ..."... .-'rrrfrrrr;: . . . .7. . . 25cBest Gasoliue, per gal 20cPresh Vegetables, Fresh Meats, Etc.Both 'Phoes 7 Quick DeliveryJL "V57" CottingliamThe Qp-Town GrocertuxjucuaMMWlHow Much Have YouSaved In the LastTen Years ?At 3 Per Cent.In Ten Years aDeposit WithThis Bank of$1,00 a month amounts to $138.72$5.00 a month amounts to $693.72Start NowOpen an Account with Us Today.Cdc TlgrictilturlCapital Surplus1 00,00.00 $67,500.00Inspector's Report.State Inpsector and Examiner Sherman Gnodpaster Friday filed with Gov.McCreary reports on the offices of theSecretary of State, Auditor and Clerkof the Court of Appeals. His reportshows the accounts to be in perfectcondition, and compliments the clericalforce of lithe departments. The totalrevenue for the year ending June 30,1912, as shdwn bv inspection of theAuditor's books, was $7, 280, 486. 66; expenditures SS7, 721, 172.74, a deficit ofS440,687.08.Slap at Medical Profession."Do you believe the theory that doctors have a right to kill where theycannot cure?" "Haven't they alwaysbeen doing it?" Baltimore American.iand Main IBank of Paris.Protection$267,500.00Paris Overwhelms Lexington.With Applegate on the mound pitching an airtight game and the localsengaging in one of the fiercest ' slugging battles of the season, the Lexington Colts were overwhelmed with anavalanche of runs, the Bourboniteswinning by a scorelol 13 to 0.Applegate pitched to hiB best form,allowing but four scattered hits andhad; the visitors completely at hismercy throughout the contest, whichso far as the locals were concerned,was snappy and a splendid exhibition.During "the nine sessions Applegatepassed but.oue.man . and hit another,while his curves were complete puzzles to his opponents.In theseventhSinning Goodman hitthe ball over the.rightifield fencewhiletwo'of the bases "were occupied. Thelocals pounded McNeal,'the Lexingtonpitcher, to all corners of the lot, securing a total of seventeen hits whichcoupled with five errors'on the part ofthe Colts, brought in the unusuallylarge number of runs. The featuresof the game were the fieldingjof Lockeaand Harrell, the pitching of Applegata and the batting of Mollenkamp,who in five trips to the plate securedfour singles and one two-bagger.The locals will journey to Lexingtontoday for another tilt with theirold-time rivals. Either Boniosh orDunlap will be on the rubber in thiscontest.FRIDAY, JULY 26.The Pioneers fell onto the offeringsof Chief.Boniosh at Richmond, Fridayafternoon, defeating Parisby a scoreof 12 to 3. A double-header was tohave been played, but ihe second gamewas called in the fourth inning on account of the Bourbonites having tocatch a train, the score standing 2-2.Hanser and Robb were the opposingslabmen. Knight was Jon the rubberfor the Pioneers in the first game'which made his third victory sincejoining the Pioneers. Boniosh wastouched for sixteen hits.SATURDAY. JULY 27.Paris took both games of the doubleheader from RichmondJSaturday afternoon, the first game resulting in ashut-out and the second going to theBourbonites by a scorce of 2 to 1. ByFgreement the contests were limitedto seven innings to allow the visitorsto catch a train.Dunlap, erstwhile utility 'man, wason the rubber for Paris and in his firstgame his slants were a complete puzzle to the hard hitting Pioneers, whowere unable to secure but two safedrives off his delivery.Monroe, a recruit from the MountainState League, pitched his first gamefor Paris and in the secoud contest heldhis opponents to one hit. The lone runsecuredjby the Pioneers came in thethird and was the result of a gift, asacrifice and the only safe drive theParis hurier allowed.The Bourbonites connected withboth Cameron and Rabb without theleast trouble and their fielding was afeature for the double bill, the aggre-jgation going through both games with' cut an error.Mollenkamp was the star with thej stick, getting four hits out of fivetrips to tne plate, two oi wnicn weretwo-baggers. The fielding of Lockeand Harrel was nothing short of sensational, the latter making a beautifulone-handed catch in the sixth inningof the last game, pulling down Bairu'shard drive.SUNDAY, JULY 28.Paris and the Lawmakers came together in a double-header at WhitePark, Sunday afternoon, resulting in asplit in the honors, Paris winning thefirst game by a score of 6 to 2, whilethe visitors overwhelmed them i.i thesecond contest, winning it as theypleased by a score of 17 to 7.Hauser was on the rubber in the firstgame and pitched a superb game. Heheld the visitors safely throughout thecontest. An'error intheTsecond inningwas responsible for the two runs madeby the" "visitors. The slants of Wrightwere to the liking of the locals, whopounded in each of their six runs.The second game was a farcicalexhibition. Nickell, a recruit fromMorehead, who had a trial in the Mountain State League, essayed. to pitch forParis, but his first effort "was ratherweaklandjhis offerings were slaughtered by the visitors. Error after "errorhelped the visitors, and before thenew hurier was yanked from themound, and before the Lawmakerswere retired a total of fourteen runshad gone over the pan. Locke wassent to the knob m the third inning tofinish the contest, ?nd checked theLawmakers to some extent.Giddo put one over the centerfieldfence for'ajhome run and Mollenkampduplicated Jwith twp on in the fourth,Wright the Lawmakers' third sacker,White, hit the "Bull" Durham sign incenterfield, and his performancenettedhim 550. This is the second time thesign has been hit in three years, Mollenkamp driving a ball against it abouta week ago.NOTES.Following lis the schedule for theweek : Tuesday Paris at Lexington.Wednesday Maysville at Paris.Thursday Maysville at Paris.Friday Lexington at Paris.Saturday Paris at Lexington.Sunday Mt. Sterling at Paris.Jack Scheueberg is coming to hisown in the South Atlantic, and is pitching great bal1. Thursday he let Macondown with three hits and won hisgame by a score of 2 to 1.Frank Eddington, formerly of theParis club, has been sold by Pittsburgto the Wheeling; club of the CentralLeague. Edington was bought fromLexington by the Pirates.Al Baschaing has been sold by theColts to the Detroit Tigers aud leftyesterday to join that club.The Cincinnati Post of Saturday contained the following:"Dennis Hicks, former catcher ofthe Cincinnati team in the lamentedU S. League, said Friday that if athird league is started next vear itprobably will prosper.' 'The time is ripe for it, ' saidHicks. ' Iv'e been talking to playersin all parts of the country, and theywill support a third league, provided,as in my case,' and Hicks smiled sorrowfully,1 they are shown the coin inadvance.'Hicks told Magistrate Moller that hehad received only $2 50 advance monevBIRTHS.Born, in this city, Wednesday, tothe wife of Wm. Snoaers, a daughter,weight 11 pounds.Progressives oi Bourbon Organize.The organization of the Progressives of Bourbon connty was perfectedSaturday at a meeting held at thecourt house, by the selection of A.W.Cottingham as Chairman and J. D.McClintock asJSecretary.The meeting was well attended, agood number of Progressive Republicans were present from all over thecounty in response to the call from dis-trict.headquarrters, and harmony prevailed through the session.The selection of Mr. Cottingham asChairman and Mr. McClintock as Secretary on temporay oganization, wasmade practically without anv oDposition. and upon motion the temporaryorganization was made permanent.A committee composed of six leadingRepublicans was appointed as a ccuntvcommittee. They were W. L. Yerijes,Dr. Frank Fithian, J. D. McClintock.Dr. W. C. Dailey, James Shea audHenrv May.The following delegates were selected J:olattend the distriotXconvention tobe held in Lexington, August 1:Delegates W. L. eYerkes, A. W.Cottingham, Frank Fithian, HenryMay, Dr. M. H. Dailey, James Shea,Squire Jett,;W. C. Davis. T. B. Mattox, Orie Wagoner, Louis Earlywine,Max Metzer, J. D. McClintock, G. W.Wilder.tJ.IW. Larkin. G. K. Jones.Frank Hall. Dr. W. G. Dailey, Wm.Harris, S. L.J,Weathers. John Crump,Homer Hutchison, John Bramblett,George Rose, Davis Hutchcraf t. GeorgeBailey.Alternates Sam Phillips, JamesFeeback, Henry Wagoner, Henry Mattox, Grant Hughes, John H. Stivers,RobertJ Kenton .Martin Mann, L.Painte, Dudley Bell, Larkin Monson,R. W. Dodson, Harvey Short. .J. T.Ingram, Wm. Harirson, Tom Johnson,Wm. Sledge, C. Alexander, Ward Wilcox, A. K. Richie, George Derrickson,Frank Frazie, Harry Fielder, Wm.White, Omar Lytle, W. H. Hill andW. T. TaJboti.TMAjaKmstJuaxsLingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, :, $10 and$12values, at S4.98.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Children Set Fire to Couch.The fire department was called outFriday at noon to the residence ofMrs. Nettie Hibler on Eighth streetto extinguish a fire which had originated in an unoccupied room. Theroom contained only a box couch andas several children were playing in thisportion ofthe hose it is supposed theylighted matches and applied the 'flameto the couch. Although blazing fiercely, the couch was carriedfrom tie houseinto the yard. The mantel and woodwork in the'room werebadly damagedbut the fire was soon extinguished witha small loss.Lingerie Dresses..Lingerie Dresses,$8. $10 and$12values, at $4.98.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Saturday Fire Damages BuildingSaturday morning a fire, whichoriginated from an explosion of a gasoline stove, in the flat occupiedby JohnCain over the store of W. T. Talbott,oh Main street, completely gutted thesecond story of the building and greatly damaged the contents of the storebeneath it.The lives of the two children of Mr.Cain were endangered. While Mrs.Cain was in the yard drawing a bucketof waterj.be flames broke out" and onher return she wasunable to enter theroom, which was dense with smoke.Her cries fpr help attracted Mr. HarryBaldwin, who went into the building,bringing out the children safely.John Dean, local express agent,,had his hand badly iascerated bv apie'ee of glass while assisting the firemen. An alarm from box 18 about 11:30o'clock took the fire deDartment to thebuilding, anrTafter a thorough investigation it wasfound a box of matcheshad in some manner become ignited,causing conderable smuke, occasioningthe alarm. A short time after the firemen had returned to tueir quarters jflames burst from the rear of thebuilding and a second alarm broughtthem to the scene.After a stubborn fight of an hourthe fire was gotten under control, butnot until (he property had been considerably damaged. The building isowned by Mr. J. B. Nothcott, whoseloss will exceed $800, fullv insured,while that ofJMr. Talbottwill be about$500, covered by insurance. Mr. Cainlost all his household effetcs.Mr. Talbott's loss was mostly bywater and he will he compelled to movehis store to the vacant room in theKiely building.The clothing stock of Twin Bros.,' inthe Schwartz building adjoining, wasdaamged bv smoke to the extent of$250.Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.Gnat Reduction.Ladies' lawn andlace and embroideryvalues.at 98 cents.lingerie waists,trimmed, $1.50THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.from John J. Ryan, president of theold Cincinnati club. Hicks was tohave been paid $150 a month. He suedfor $90, salary from May 15 to June 3.IC'Hicks is catching for Pairs in theBlue Grass League. Mollenkamp, firstbaseman, and Chapman, outfielder,who were on the Cincinnati team, arewith Paris, and have braced up tneteam. Paris, which won the pennantin 1911, is almosfat the bottom of theheap."This Hicks is a pretty good catcher.Folks who have seen him in action sayhe would make a good second' stringcatcher for a big league club.The cases of Hicks and nine otherU. S. League players against Ryanwere continued until Aug. 2."ADEATHS.NEAL.Mr. William Neal, aged forty-sixyears, died at his home on the Jackstown pike, near this city, Saturdaynight about 9 o'clock. Mr. Neal hadbeen in declining heath for the lastsix months, and his death for the past jtwo weeks has been imomentarily expected. He was a sufferer from acomplicaion of diseases, includingBright's disease and locomotar ataxia.Mr. Neal had been actively engagedin farming before his more recent illness. He was born in Bourbon county,and was one of five sons of M. andMrs. James Neal. who reside on Lilies-ton avenue, inthia city. He is survived by his wife, who before her marriage was Miss Mamie Gallagher, andseven children, Misses Mattie, Minerva, Allene and Elizabeth, and Messrs.Raymond, Horace Mi'ler and John RiceNeal. Two brothers, Messrs. EdwardNeal. of this county, and John Neal,of Dallas, Texas, also survive.The funeral services were held atthe grave in the Paris cemetery yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock, conducted by Rev. Dr. B. M. Shive.RELIGIOUS.The Catholic church was crowdedwith communicants Sunday morningwhen a Deriod of forty hours' devotioncommencd. The altar was beautifullydecorated for the occasion, and an interesting feature was a large procession of young girls dressed in whiteand carrying arm-bouquets of brightflowers. The Holy Sacrament was administered by Rev. Father O'Dw.ver.who is being assisted by his brother.Father O'Dwyer, of Richmond, FatherFaye, of Georgetown, and Father Hillenmeyer of Winchester.Bourbon Horses Show Well.All during the Montgomery CountyFair Bourbon horses have made excellent displays. In the suckling coltstake, fifteen of the best in the Statetried for the $350 premium and amongthem were several from Bourhoncountv. The judges were : f . D. Fryman, of Cynthiana; James Hutsell, ofMt. Sterling; and Charles Scott, ofSherburne. After one hour's hardwork thev placed strings as follows:Eana King, owned by Speakes Bros.,of Bourbon county, first: Merry Mary,owned by A. G. Jones, of NorthMiddletown, second; ShroDshire &Matlack, third; E. ;K. Thomas, ofBourbon county, fourth; Collins &Redmon, of JNorth Middletown, fifth ;Chenault Woodford, of Montgomerycounty, sixth, and Chas. B. Dale, ofMontgomery county, seventh.At Cost.and childrens Oxfords atFELD'S SHOE STORE..Ladies'cost.12jly-tf.Pugilist Jailed on Charge olRobbery"Kid" McCoy the pugilist, wasarrested in England, Friday on a provisional extradition warrant. He issuspected of being implicated in ajewel robbery at the Grand PalaceHotel, Ostend.LeBus Confirmed.The appointment of Lewis MartinLebus as Postmaster of Cynthiana byPresident Taft was confirmed by theSenate, Friday. Mr. Lebus has beenofficially notified of the .appointment,which dates from July 1, and is forfour years. He will take charge ofthe office soon. Mr. LeBus succeedsGeorge M. Dickey, who has been Dost-!master for more than twelve years. IMr. Dickey is a brother of Mr. JohnDickey, of Paris, and is well knovinhere.A Small Desirable Home.Any one desiring to purchase a smalltract of improved JandwiJl do well tosee Harris & Speakes about the Carpenter place near Hutchison. Two acres,housa and improvements. Sale August8 , at 2o'clock. 30-3tLingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, $8, $10 and $12values, at $4.98.THE SIMOND DEPT. STORE.Bourbon Farm Sold.Harris & Speakes.real estate agents.Isold Saturday for A. J. Austin, hisfarm on the Beth'ehem pike, a fewmiles from Paris, to Mr. Geo. A.Keller, pof Cynthiana. The farm contains 105 acres and is well improved,having upon it a nandsome residence.The price paid py Mr. Keller was private, but it is understood to be a goodone and was cash. Possession will begiven Fberuary 1, 1913. Mr. Austinand family will move to Lexington toreside.THE FAIR!Great Values FridayWindow shades, first quality, 7 footlong, 42 inches wide, white only,finest oil opaque, will not crack orfade, best automatic spring rollers.Lay in a supply at these prices. Each33c, worth 75.Table Tumble's, set of 6 only 10c.Jelly Glasses, 1-2 pint size. 19c doz.Mason Fruit Jars, 1 qr. size, 49c doz.Full pound high grade Talcum Powder, a can 19c.Table Mats, 10c size at oc.Vio'et Glycerine Soap, 3 cakes for19c.Grandpas Wonder Soap, 3 cakes Sc.Jb'irst quality clue and White DishPans, not shallow, but extra deep, 17quart size, 59c.All sizes Preserving Kettles on saleat reduced prices.Assorted sizes Tin Milk and PuddingPans 25c a dozen, no less sold.Regular 5c Laces, real torshon, lca yd.Two rolls Toilet Paper, and ToiletPaper Holder, all for 10c.THE FAIR.Chain Your Do(.Within the past few weeks Jthewatchdogs of the country ha v developed such a marked fondness forchewing Jup mail carrriers that thePostoffice Department was moved tucall attention.to the regulations "whichprovide that a carrier is not compelledto humor the dogs under any circum-t stances."Carriers," says the regulations,"are not required to deliver mail; atresidences where vicious dogs are permitted to run at large. Persons keeping such dogs must call at the postoffice for their mail." This paragraph in the regulations will be strictlyapplied from now on, and the ownersof dogs must either put them on a dietor keep them locked up if they wantmail delivered at their houses.Bargains in Corsets.One lotTuf broken sizes of Warner'sRustproof Corsets, regular $1.50, $2and $2.50 values, to be closed out at 98cents.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.FOR SALE.Three nice Jerseycows.StE. T. Phone 610.MRS. JAMES WOODFORDS0-2t Paris, Ky.FOR RENT.Three rooms for rent on Main'street.Furnished or unfurnished. Apply toHARRIS & SPEAKES.For Rent.Furnished room, corner Seventh andMain streets. Modern cunveniercies.Gentleman preferred. Apply at thisoffice.30-2tKansas Mares.We will have at the L. & N. shipping pens, in Paris, Court dav, Monday, August 5, twenty mares fromthree to five years old that will weighfrom 1000 to 1250 Dounds. If you wantgood work or mule mares, we havethem,H. T. BRuWN.Cloverdale Farm,30-2t m Lexington, Ky.NOTICECut Your WeedsAll residents and property ownersin the City of Paris, are notified to atonce cut the weeds on their premises.Please comply with this notice immediately. J. T. HINTON,26-2t Mayor.Master Commissioner's-OF-FARM!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Robt. H. Wilson and Isaac Wilson,Plaintiffs.Vs. Notice of Sale.Sallie C. Corbiif, Etc., - DefendantsUnde- and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, at theJune, 1912, term, the undersignedSpecial Commissioner of the BourbonCircuit Court, will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe court house door, in the city ofParis, Kentucky, at about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., onI0ND4Y, iDGUST 5, 1912,the following described property:That certain tract of land in Bourbon County, Kentucky, on the Harpand Innis turnpike, about seven milesfrom the city of Paris,containing about118 acres, known as the Corbin farm.About 30 acres thereof being on thenortheast side of said turnpike andthe remainder on the opposite sidethereof. Said land is adjoining theSteele heirs on the north and Steeleheirs and John J. Piper and G. ASmedley on the east, side; John J.Piper and Mrs. Agnes Jacoby on thewest side, and being the same tract ofland conveyed by Tazwell Marr andT. K. and B. B. Marsh, in trust ofRachel Corbin and her children bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of Bourbon County Court inDeed Book 44, Page 253.Said sale being made to satisfy a.udgment of Robert H. Wilson againstthe defendants, Sallie C. Corbin andMattie Corbin, for the sum of S4,000 -uu, wiuu o per cent, interest thereonfrom the 19th dav of March, 1910, until paid, and for the farther judgmentof Jsaac W. Wilson against the saiddefendants for the sum of $2,000.00,with G per cent interest from the 19thday of March, 1910, until paid, andthe additional sum of $157.10 courtcost5'.SALESaid sale will be made upon thecredits of six, twelve and eighteenmonths for equal parts of the'purchasemoney, the purchaser being requi-edto execute bond for equal installments,oj the purchase price, with good security, to be approved by said MasterCommissioner, payable to said Commissioner, and bearing interest at therate of 6 per cent, per annum from,date until paid, and to retain a lienupon the property until fully paid,and to have force and effect of ajudgment. 'o. a. McMillan,M. C. of the B. CVC.David Thornton, Atty. ,M. F. Kenney, Auct. j.19-26 a 2.1 N .Pi'. -t"-sC! iA-'.1l4.fftfrHE BOURBON NEWS.&$ffwwfefrr&!sALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.Ribbons (Reduced.Fiftyj. plain, lbolts of libbon, fancv and5 certs to 50 cents dualities.xeuucea to zi cents ner yard., . - THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Bourbon Fair Catalogues.The News has on hand a supply ofthe Bourbon Fair eatalotrues for theEixty-fifth annual exhibition, to beheld here Sept. 8-7, inclusive. Thecatalogues are for distribution, andcan be had by callirg at this office.On Ice.Fine canteloupesandwatermelonson ice at all timesC. P. COOK CO.To Close Out Line.Fifty pairs of soiled lace curtainstobe closed out very cheap.iHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Sunday School Picnic.Te Sunday school of the Baptistchinch will .give its annual picnic intht woodland adjoining the home ofNr. Silas Bedford, about one milefrom town, on Wednesday, July 31.f he party will leave the church Wednesday.morning at 9 :30 o'clock, and itis urgently requested that all the raembersof the Sunday school classes be onhand at that time.Lingerie Dresses.Lingerie dresses, 38, S10 and S12values, at $4.98.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Peaches for Preserving,Fancy Eiberta Peaches Tuesdaymorning. Call 20.C. P. COOK & CO.Injured By Fall From Swing.As the result of a fall from a swingat the home of her parents on Fourthstreet, Margaret McGinley, aged 6years, the little daughter of Mr. andMrs. Henry McGinley, was painfully ,miured Friday afternoon. The childwas attempting to swing when shefell against a sharp corner of a plank,baly lacerating her lower lip necessitating several stitches to close thewound.rAt Reduced Prices.All muslin underwear at reducedprices, at Simon's Department Store.Fresh Honey.Fresh lot of honey just received.Fifteen cents per pound. . Phone orderearly, as it will go fast.30-2t T. LENIHAN.Newest Styles.Washrag hats, the newest style, atTHE SIMON DEPT. STOREFoot Bridge Completed.fi The "'new foot bridge over Stonercreek', built in connection with the covered bridge, has been completed and is jopen ior pedestrians, xne structurewas erected by subscriptionsecured bvthe property owners in East'Paris, andthe old bridge which has be9nused byboth vehicles and pedestrians for a.good many years, will be abandonedfor the latter. Recently a portion ofthe property of William Steuban, colored, was purhcased to provide an appoach for the foot nridge.A Small Desirable Home7Any one desiring" to purchase a smalltract of improved land will da well tusee Hairis& Spakes about t ie CarptJlter place near "Hutchison. Two acres,house and imrovements. Sale August 8, at 2 o'clock. 30-3tAt Almost Half.$7.50 linen coats at 53.98 atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.The Purest and Best.We challenge all competiton forquality and cleanliness. We don't disDlay'our goods on the street. We havebur store screened from flies.. We keepour eggs in cases and deliver them mcarriers and guarantee every egg.G. P. COOK & CO.Phones 207.Will Install New Heating Plant.The directors of the Paris GrandOpera House will have a new heatingplant installed in the building, the contract for which has been awarded aCincinnati firm. The present heatingsystem will be removed and .replacedwith two hot air furnace, each ninefeet long ard the rad:ators throughoutthe! building fwill be rearrarged. ,Other improvements are contcinulatedbefore the oenine of the season tnisfall and it is the purpose of the management to contribute everythingnecessary fcr the comfort and convenience of the patrons cf the nouse.Embroideries.Embroideries, 10c. 12 1-2 c. a nd 15cqualities, at 7 l-2c. per yard.THE &IMON DEPT. STORE.A Small Desirable Home.Any one dirinsr to purchase a smalltract of imr roved land will do well tos e Harris & Sreak-s about the Carpenter nlace near Hutchison. Two arces,house and impoveiner.ts. Sale August!8."at 2 o'clock.C0-3L ,THEPERSONAL MENTION.Mr. and Mrs. Duncan Bell have returned from a trip through the West.Mrs. Clifton Amsparger and Mrs.tienryButler are at Olympian SpringsMr. Joe Josselson has retarnedfrom a week's visit to OlympianSprings.Miss Lucy Simms, who has beenvisiting m Pittsburg, Pa., ha& returned home.Miss Ellen Towles has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Margaret Nuckles,m Versailles.-Mrs, X. Mtfunk and Mrs. T.M.inrunK, ar.. arevistnng relativesJessamine county.Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Mayfield, ofDayton, O., are the guests of Mr. andMrs. John Sauer.Mr. and Mrs. U. J. Howard, ofCovington, wore gests Sunday, of Mr.and Mrs. 0. L. Davis.City Attorney C. A. McMillan hasreturned from a business trip to WestLiberty, Morgan countv.Mr. Joe Lavin is able to be backat his duties at Lavin & Cnnnpirafter a week's vacation.Mrs. Amne Prichard and son, Mr.Edward Prichard, left Fridav for atrip to ML Clemens, Mich.Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Webber,UL.jiicjuj-viuu, aiu Kuesis ur meir snn.Mr. Charles Webber, on the Lexingtonnike.Mrs. Henry W. Behrmandaughter, Miss Alice Behrman,guests of Mrs. J. W. Bacon, onandareCy-prass street.The little five-year-old daughterof Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Honicon, residing on the Clintonville pike is seriously ill with spinal meningitis.Mrs. Park Smith and Miss Vircinia Booth, of Lawrenceburg, havereturned home after a visit, to Mr.and Mrs. Harry Booth, in this city.Mr. C. J. Lancaster and daughter,Mrs. Frank Burton, and her little son,Prentice, have gone to Middlesboro tovisit Mr.and Mrs. Ulman Lanacster.Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Lilleston, ofWichita, Kans., are visiting the family of Mrs. S. Lilleston, on Higginsavenue.Miss Alice Rogers Clay has goneto Lexington to remain with her auntMrs. Shelby Kincaid, during the absence of her mother, Mrs. Sidney -G.Clay, inEurope.Miss Corilla Eberhardt. who isspending the summer with her parents, with the Misses LaRue, of nearShawhan, was the guest last week ofMisses Henrietta and Rachel Robeits,on the South Side, in Frankfort.T. -r ., ,, ,Miss Ruth Myall, who has beenthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. "Wm. Myall,in this city, is visitiner friends inMillersburg.She will go for a visitto relativesin Mason and Flemingcounties before returning to her homeat Liberty, Mo.Miss Bell Horton entertaind B'ridayeveningjwith a "500" party and dancein honor of her charming guest, MissRuth Morgan, of Nashville, Tenn.tu Zo " v' '" .11.: r::... :I iQiirTMrfni vrtf nUvio.4 r -. wn .. A3.t,:Vl ;' "' "IT "B irAUIiy u,ura,ie,uwiui icuis aiiu tui uuwers. ine ioi-juwjug were present: Messrs. j?ay zir-derv, C. W. Fithian, H. B. Fithian. W.Tr KT?Q,.rr.-,c nu p wjn.,iciliU5uu, "US" A'ClJiUfcUIJ, jWUiirURuth Moragn, Nashville, Tenn., Eliza.r T- "i"ji.i, iu,"tiI beth Whitndge. Batimore, Md., MaryLeonard, Lexington, Carolyn Roseber-ry, naunei msgjns, corinne uojiins,Mary Batterton, Helen gHutchcraft,Elizabeth Steele, Martha Ferguson.Miss Helen Hutchrcaft entertained Friday afternoon in honor ofMifcs Ruth Morgan, of Nashville.lenn., and Miss MarvLeonard, r"ofLexington. The occasion was delicht-fuly informal and bridge whist wasenjoyed by about thirty guests. MissHutchcraft was assistedj liuiciiuaii wao asaisicu iij entertaining oy ner motner, Mrs.',K.j. iutchcraft, and her bister. Miss Marv Fithian Huthcracft. Upon their "ar.ivalthe guests were served with icedgrape juice, and after the games brickice cream and pommes de terre wereserved on the card tables. Each ofthe honor guests was nresented witha small silver nicture frame, andforthe highest scor,e, a.bridge whist padnound in embossed green suede, waswon by Miss Rachel Wiggins, whograciously presented it to Miss RuthHadley Myall, of Liberty, Mo,Mrs. William Kinney entertainedThursday afternoon with a delightfulreception at her home on Mt. Airy avenue. The hours were from three untilsix o'clock, and about three hundredguosts were received during thesehours.The house was lovely in its decoration of pretty garden flowers, manyof which were the gifts of friends ofthe popular hostess. The Dorch Wasscreened in and banked in hangingbaskets of ferns, pots of growingplants with swings, rustic chairs and iseats made a delightful nook forthe !lingering guests. " " IDelicious and refreshing punch was 'served in the den, and this table waspreside over by two charming voungfriends of the hostess, Misses HattieHill O'Neal and Anna Daugherty.Little Miss Frances Kenney, thepretty daughter of the house, wasaainty in white, and gracefully received the guests on the porch. Mrs. Kenney wore a becoming gown of yellowcharrr.cuse, and was assisted in entertaining by Mrs. W. E. Board, Mrs. M.R. Jacoby, Mrs. Frank P. Walker andMrs. Jent i-e K. Lyle.Those who assisted in the diningroom were Mrs. James Wilso", Mrs.George Stuart, Misses Anna Wilson,Nannie Brent O'Neal and Clara BelleO'Neal.The round dining table had a coverof cherry lawn over yellow, and itscenterpiece was a low mound of yellow daisies. Surrounding this weiesilver nlatters of yellow and whiteconfections. A delicious luncheonwas served.The same evening Dr. and Mrs. Kenney gave a dinner party. Several delicious courseB were served. The guestswere Mr, and Mrs. W. E. Board, Mr. andMrsJameB Wilson Mr. and Mrs. GeorgeStuart. Mr. Pearce Paton, Mr. andMrs.Frank P. Walker, Mr. Swift Champ,Mr. and Mrs. Bismark Frank, Dr. A.Hi Keller. Dr. Frank Fithian andC'aiense Thomas.BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,' "KENTUCKY, JULY 30'.Miss Ethel Hukill is quite ill withtyphoid fever.Miss Elizabeth Croxton. who hasbeenqu.te ill for some time, is improving. Mrs. Frame Redmon is still veryill at her home, on the Jackstownpike.Mr. Noah Spears returned to Chicago Sunday after a visit to relative5?in this city.Mr. H. C. Ogle will return todayfrom Chicago after a six weekB' visitto relatives.Mrs. G. W. Rash continues 'quiteill at St. Joseph Hosriital. Lexingtonwith pneumonia.Mr. and Mrs. Ben Weissberg andlittle son. were euests of friends inGeorgetown, Sunday.if Miss Mattie Peebles, of Pawtucket, R. I., is the guest nf MissesEmilv and Lizzie Holladay.Mr. Hugh Camnbell leturnd Sunday night lrom a two weeks' visit inNew York and Atlantic City.I Mrs. Robert Frank has returnedfrom Louisville, where she has beenI the guest of the family of Dr. Louis1'ianK.Mr. B. A. Frank will leava todayfor New York where he will purchasef".ViQ foil nnrl TiTi4-.rt cf-Vl Fr. -J-v flnrvi? ; k. j...j.x uiiu niuw olvsua. J-vji Liic xix inof Frank & Co.Mr. Edward Gray has returned tohis home in Davton, Ohio, after, avisit to his sisters, Mrs. Joseph Houston and Miss Lola Gray,Mrs.lWitheis Davis and deughter.Anne Jouett, and Mr. and Mrs. E. S.Jouett. of Winchester, are at EstillSprings for a short stay.Miss Kate Graham Thompson whohas been visiting Mrs. JohnT. Hintonhas just returned from aisib to MissFlorence Lowe, at Lexington.Mr. Lee Price returned yesterdayafter a stay of .several days at CrabOrchard Springs. Mrs. Price will return home the latter part of the week.Mrs. Luke Connelley and littledaughter, Mary Catherine, have goneto visit Mrs. Connelley's son, Luk.e, atSt. Ihereba's Academy, Rodilia, Meadecounty. They will remain indefinitely.Miss Katherine Thomson entertained wtih a boating party ud StonerCreek Satuday night of her guest.' Miss,bue Bond, or Lawenceburg. Composing the partv weie Misses Bond andThomson, Helen Hutchcraft, ElizabethSteele. Messrs. Harry Hoi ton, JackRevelle, Harry Brent Fithian and Mr.and Mrs. Carl Wilmoth.Mr. Charlton Clay entetained witha dinner party at the Country Club.inear Lexington, Saturday night for'iMiss Ruth Morgan, of Nashville, Tenn.I Those who attended were Misses Mor-i can. RpIIp TTnrfnn finrniwn RcQr.nvry, Eliazbeth Whitndge, Baltimoiet Messrs Clay, Charles Fithian and Fav-ette Ardery.Miss Corinne Collins entertainedyesterday afternoon at her home onHigh street with a "500" and bridgeparty for Miss Kuth Morgan, of Nashville, Tenn. There were six tablesI "antJ aiter the games refreshments oforange ice and chocolatecream wereserved. MissMorgan received thei guests Dnze, a pair of silk nose, whileTWr. T..: H7l. 11 .,' lu,a --"vi3 eetis was awaraea cne"nflO" niM7P ' 5mnll inrrloniav nrla CUt C9SS nn fifrnp hn t oi Friends of Mr. C. J. McLeur ili be distressed to larn that his cc.Ji-'tion last niche was very M2V2 ardthat his deah is momentarily exreetcc 'Eveiy attention has been jiiven n,mduring his illness and skilled Dhyui-,ans who have been constantiv in attendance have abandoned hone. HisJ llte lor several days has been prolong- .en d.v tne employment of restoratives,but the weakened condition of his heartis likely to cause his demise at anymoment. Mrs. McLear, who has been Iconstantly at his bedside during hislateilluess has the heartfelt svmpatnvof the community. "Buys Buick Automobile.Yerkes & Prichard sold vesterdav toMr. John Woodford a Model 25 Buickcar which willbe delivered in a fewweeks.Arm" Broken.Gayle Brown, son of Mr. and Mrs. J.Morgan Brown t suffered the fractureof his left arm yesterday morning byfalling from a horse.1WHYA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?Realizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organize 1 in Iv87, Jiaving had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Com- f' panyTherefore,Bcarbon Bank & Trust Co.,Paris, lij.has a Trust Department andI solicits vour business.. rf sFor Sule.Kitchen Cabinets $9.50 up to 27.50.16-tf. A. P. WHEELER & CO.Henry County Fair.The Henry County Fair Companywill give its first exhibition at thegrounds of the Association ill Eminence, beginning Thursday, August22, and continuing for three days.The prumotors of the enterprise areputting for th their best efforts tomake the first fair a crand successand are offerincr a lone list of pxppT-lent prpmiums in all classes, whichwill undoubtedly bring out a largenumber of exhibitors. Park C. Smitnis president of the Association andNewton Bright is secretary.Refrigerators.Get the newS'nlri hitIceberg Refrigerator.16-tf " A. F.WHEELER & CO.Best Paris Green at Butler'sOpp. Court House. 26 4-tNever have youheard in any musicalinstrument a tone sowonderfully sweet,clear and meUow.Hearing; is believing.Comein anytime noobligation.BfHWjDea ramY;-JUJUDAUGHERTY BROS.(P, S.-9'm alwairuy from1912IW. Ed.All Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices. . . .W. Edai liuay ami oaiuruaySPECIALS !12 pound sack Eldean Flour 40c24 pound sack Eldean Flour 77777 80cWelch's Grape Juice 25c10 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar $1 .OO8 Bars Lenox Soap.r 25cThree 5c Boxes Matches 1 OcMason Pint Jars, per dozen 48cMason Quart Jars, per dozen ; 58cStone's Silver Sliced Cakes 1 OcStone's Wrapped Cakes ". 1 OcggggS,. Watermelons on IcemFee's Grocery Co.!,!MSn i liliifeSliiWhen people m-ai. ApencL So m-ueh of heirime a home, 3 clon'i iee urhy moAe of hem donoi. f-u,Anish heiA homeA moAe Jbea-alf-al, cSfeel AoArv foA poor jCaiiAa, whose hxi6Janci 'xt-siwon'i $-Lve heA money, o &ixy some new hing.A herhome jLS j.-a& cAyiny. for. ?e iS iottiy IrAeaking.her hear. o9 6omeimes hLnk dylL eil heA hxLSLand noo Jbe so 6ing.y.Sairy John haA he "hooking." eo-uri, 6o q9-Hdon' dare o come o see yoxr now.VoxlA old fAiend,A AaiAfied wih heJ. T. HintonrTuckerJ-t.TuckeriJt;"-..JCoii.fxAniire of-v,zn' r.i?II-i3tl'-4J,J, 'jte&'te!user 'xrzzzsnzz'A' rJ V -THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 30, 1912i.A'v "AUCTION SALE-OF-City Lois and Cottages.I will offer at a public sale on thepremises in the city of Paris, Ky., onThursday, August 8, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following cottages and building lots all fronting onMarshall street in Paris, Ky:Three cottages on allot 50x81 feetfronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall street.One cottage, good cellar, cistern atdoor, with front and back porches, onloo 50x84 fronting on Marshall street".One lot oOxSi feet fronting on Marshall street.The buildings are all in first classrepair and are in a very desirable locality. Close to public schools andchurches. Good streets and pavements. The property will be offered seperately and then as a whole and thehighest and best bid accented.TERMS One-half cash with deferred payment in one year with interest a't the rate of 6 per cent perannum, or purchaser may pay allcash. MRS. LUCY J. DAWSON.(9 jy 9t)EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, AUGUST 4, 1912,Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good Ionday ofsal. e yFor further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Wanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilege student preferred,In connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALLEX S. MOODY,224 Saks B'l'd'g. Indianapolis, Ind.DRe DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOYOU CAN BE CURED BYMEN'i'A-t jrJUnr wU.s't iiT5 IN"V?DE. C. L. DOLLE. v' "Why Take Treatment That Is Doing TonXo Good, when a Few Day under the careof Dr. Dolle "Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Care These Diseases "When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, and"been disappointed until you think that you cannot be cured ? You, no doubt, all this time have"been treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sufficient knowledge nor experience to3cnor how to eure you.These are the diseases of which I havecured so many, jubtly giving mo the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. My treatment gets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease so they cannot come back.Varicocele, causing; aching or pain ingroin or hack, Nervousness, "Weakness,Iioss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what you w.ill have to have" to be curedright. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you suffer no pun nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few days.Nervous Troubles, Lost VitalityMy combined treatment for thece troubles sooommonjamonq those who have become weak and"wornout, who have caused it by folly, dissipationand excesses, is remarkably good. No one believeshow quickly it benefits until they have taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pain inback. Jack of energy, ambition and strength it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such diseases.Kidney and Bladder Troubleswe scientifically cured by me. My methods iminedlately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofailed.-IIC2, riLUlctC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you arc looking for withouta surgical operation.Acute Diseases gi3SSremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everysymptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willnot come back.Xoa can take my Treatment without aeat aad pay me after I cure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. IJcnow that every man will pay after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.I have writeen a book that ought to be in thetends of every suffering man in this country. Imil send you a copy, free, If you will write me atthe disease for which you desire treatcment,our8,-?r toi: Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,Tte S.on Monday .Wednesday and Saturday nightsC. L. DOLLE, M. D.Ora Columbia Theater 525 Walnut St, between4 Rfth and Sixth Streets.2r0eli.to find M a11 that B necessary is toask lor the Columbia Theater, and any one canMOTHER SACRIFICESLIFE FOR CHILDRENBums in Effort to Reach LittleBoy and Baby Who Afterwards Are Saved.Kenosha, Wis. A story of heroismreached here the other day from NewMunster, a village in the western partof Kenosha county. A mother wasburned to death trying to save thelives of 'her two children.The little ones' escape was due primarily to the bravery of one of thema small boy.Mrs. Johanna Kretschmer, twentysix years of age, sent one of her older children to the village to buy a canof gasoline. The hoy lost the cork tothe can on the way home. When he.-MM-MMMMHMMBMMHURTSCALDING A FOWL PROPERLYTried to Fight Her Way Through theFlames.reached the house he left the cannear a burning gasoline stove andwent out to play.Two other children, a boy of fiveand a baby girl, eighteen months,were in the house. The gas from thecan "was exploded by stove heat andthe house took fire. Mrs. Kretschmerwas hanging clothes on a line in theyard. She rushed back to the house,and tried to fight her way through theflames. She was overcome by thefumes and sank down in the midst ofthe fire.William Kersting, a neighbor, sawthe house burning and went to therescue. He forced his way to a hallway, where, although badly burned,he found and carried to safety the twounconscious children.It was learned later from the boythat when he saw his sister's life wasthreatened by the fire he carried herto the hallway, where both were overcome by the smoke, He is seriously.burned. jXZL SS''.; -The coroner's jury, after returninga verdict' of accidental death, added:"Mrs. Kretschmer gave her life forLher children."BRAVES MAD DOG FOR SONChild Is Badly Hurt Before Its MotherCan Drag the Vicious BruteAway.Stamford, Conn. Perry Mullin,three years old, son of James Mullin,,an employe of Mrs F. A. Hamilton ofRiverside, is in the Stamford hospitalin a serious condition from woundsfew ,L-LmOAttacked the Child.inflicted by the teeth of a dog which isbelieved to have been mad. The dog'sspine and head have been sent awayfor examination by experts.The dog, a large bull, attacked thechild on the premises of Mrs. Hamilton. Another baby, Agnes Mackey, acousin of Master Mullin, was playingwith him when the dog appeared. Thegirl screamed, and Mrs. Mullin ran outof her house, grabbed the dog by thecollar and yanked it off and tossed itinto the patch of weeds.She picked up the boy and ran forthe house, little Mackey ahead of her.Mrs. Mullin staggered through thedoor and fell flat -on her face. Thedog followed and was snarling outBidethe door when an employe on theplace appeared with a gun and shotthe animal.Any Aged Bird May Be Treated Without Injuring Its Quality IfHandled In Right Way.So great is the possibility of scalding the fowl improperly that dealersin some localities show am inclinationto demand dry plucked fowls. As ameans of overcoming this difficulty,C. K. Graham of Connecticut, who hasspent a good deal of time in studyingthe subject, offers these suggestions:Any aged bird may be scalded without seriously injuring its quality ifit is properly handled; but owing tothe large number of poorly dressedscalded fowls, the marketmen place apremium of from 1 to 2 cents a poundon dry plucked stock.Boiling water may be used, but caremust be taken not to leave youngbirds in the water too long, or theskin will cook, while with old fowls alittle more time may not do any harm.The head and shanks should be keptout of the water, as the scalding willdiscolor them and make them unsightly. Immediately after the birdis taken from the scalding water itshould be dipped into cold water tostop the cook, and, as poultrymen say,to "plump the bird."The bird should then be hung asfor dry plucking, as no bird pluckedon the lap or the tab.le will have sogood an appearance. If a scalded birdis exuosed to a draught when beingplucked or when cooling, the skin islikely to harden and become rough.It is because of these possibilitiesthat dry plucking is recommended, asthe condition of the skin to a greatextent accounts for the high or lowreturns received.FOBfY PLUNGE INTOH BURIAL INCHEight Hundred Pressed to Seethe Coffin Lowered andPlanking Gave Way.SEVERAL BADLY HURTMany of the Victims Were Extricatedby Friends and Carried away In Funeral Carnages Before HospitalAmbulances Reach Scene.MOVABLE ROOSTS AND NESTSNothing More Convenient in CleaningThan Long Saw-Horse in FightAgainst Little Parasites.After trying all sorts and types ofroosts and roost-poles, I am convincedthat nothing is better than a longsaw-horse, says a writer in the Farm,Mail and Breeze. A roost of thistype, set on a smooth floor, and withremovable nest boxes, makes it possible to keep the henhouse perfectlyclean at all times. The main difficultyexperienced in cleaning the house isthe obstructions, these being usuallythe roosts and nests. If they can betaken cut quickly and handily, andnothing left but a bare room with asmooth board floor, the work of cleaning becomes an easy task.Once a week I give the henhousesNew York. Giuseppi Monoco, whoserved twenty-five years in the UnitedStates navy and from 1S98 until hisdeath the other day had been a manufacturer of uniforms at No. 117 Navystreet, Brooklyn, was buried in Greenwood cemetery with imposing honors.Behind the ten-horse hearse whichbore his body followed 150 carriagesin which rode 600 relatives and members of 40 fraternal societies to whichhe belonged.Graves at Greenwood cemetery aredug five at a time. In reality thepractice is to dig one trench 20 feetlong, seven feet broad and 12 feetdeep in which five bodies may beburied. Only enough of the trenchis left open to receive one casket, therest being covered by planking supported by wooden pillars.When Superintendent William Grassa of the cemetery saw the Monocoprocession approaching the gate hefeared that the crush around the gravemight spread to the planking. If itdid he had a notion that a serious accident might result. He halted theprocession long enough to warn NicolaPiro, the undertaker, that he mustkeep the crowd back. Then, to makedoubly sure, the superintendent dfspatched five special policemen forduty about the grave.The crowd was kept well back fromthe grave without much difficulty un-Movable Roosts and Nests,a cleaning. The nest boxes are first .taken out, the straw dumped andburned and the boxes themselveswhitewashed and aired. Before being returned they are supplied withclean straw. Treatment of this sortis "death on bugs."The saw-horse roosts undergo thesame cleaning process, being takenout, brushed and whitewashed. Thehenhouse floor is then swept clean andthe whole interior given a new sprinkle of whitewash. Should lice ormites be manifest, an additional treatment of chloride of lime is given, butthis is seldom necessary.v x y si sSS' -t&Rs&cm-. tiir.OETRTNOTEiThere is profit in raising chickenswhen they are properly handled.Dump the litter from the nests oftener now and burn it just as soonas dumped.Poultry 'wire tacked over a shallowbox makes a good feeder for bran ora dry mash.Hens over two years old are seldom good layers, and unless good asbreeders should be disposed of.For the first meal a hard-boiled eggmixed with dry bread crumbs is best.Stale bread soak in milk and squeezeddry is good.The farmer can produce a pound ofchicken as cheaply as he can a poundof beef, pork or mutton, and it alwaysbrings a better price.Sell off the scrub chickens and haveonly one breed. This is especially sowith the beginner. One breed at atime and perfect that.Some varieties stand confinementbetter than others. Consider thiswhen choosing a breed if you mustkeep them closely yarded.If chickens raised in a brooder arenot rendered weak and tender by toomuch heat, and not enough ventilation, they grow rapidly and makeearly layers.All houses and nests should beclean for best results. Fight lice allthe year around. There are some essentials in poultry that must be at'tended to. This is one of them.The poultry business is yet in itsinfancy and offers a good living forthose who take it up as a business,carefully looking into the conditions,such as breeds, markets, location, etc.The Planking Gave Way.til the burial ritual had been completed. Then, as the casket was beinglowered, men and women alike beganto press closer and closer, in an effortto get one glimpse more, until thosein the front ranks had been forcedonto the planking which covered fourfifths of the big trench.A moment later the planking gaveway and forty of the mourners wereplunged headlong down upon the casket, and into the wreck of the timbersthat had protected the other graves.Their shrieks spread among the others, and the disorder that ensued wasnot quelled until reserves from theFourth and Fifth avenue police stations had been called out on the run.At the same time calls were sentfor the ambulances from the Methodist, Episcopal and Norwegian hospitals. Before they could reach thecemetery, however, the struggling menand women in the graves had beenextricated, bundled into carriages anddriven hurriedly away.1 Several of the mourners were seriously injured.Woman to Be Auctioneeer.New York. To Mrs. Eli Sobel willcome the distinction of being the firstfemale auctioneer ever appointed in.this state. Mrs. Sobel, who is thewidow of a well-known auctioneer,wrote to Mayor Gaynor asking himfor a license to continue her husband'sbusiness. He found there was no ordinance which prohibits a woman frompresiding over the auction block.He accordingly dictated a letter toMrs. Sobel, informing her that so faras he was concerned she could auctionoff anything she pleased in competition with the male of the species.He added, however, that she wouldfirst have to go down to the cityclerk's office and pay a $100 fee for anauctioneer's license, and also leave abond of $2,000, which is required bythe statutes.Wants Salary Reduced.Columbus, O. Clarence Walker, official reporter of the constitutionalconvention, asked the convention toreduce his salary from $60 a day, asthe clean-up work after the body adjourns would be worth less.mmmmmJob PrintonejWORK DONE !WHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!anTRE J9B R0OfflS OF"" '' THEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.IU Bourbon news,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and made0known on application.fUiiiUiUUUUUiU&w-THE BOURBON NEWSf PXRIS; KENTUCKY JULY 30U 912. 5-..FStubborn Case"I was under the treatment of two doctors," writesMrs. R. L. Phillips, of Indian Valley, Va., "and they pronounced my case a very stubborn one, of womanly weakness. I was not able to sit up, when I commenced totake Cardui.I used it about one week, before I saw much change.Now, the severe pain, that had been in my side for years,has gone, and I don't suffer at all. I am feeling better thanin a long time, and cannot speak too highly of Cardui."TAKE jj1QLARDU 1 Woman's Tonicif you are one of those ailing women who suffer from anyof the troubles so common to women.r pardui is a builder of womanly strength. Composedof purely vegetable ingredients, it acts quickly on thewomanly system, building up womanly strength, toning upthe womanly nerves, and regulating the womanly system.Cardui has been in successful use for more than 50 years.Thousands of ladies have written to tell of the benefit theyreceived from it. Try it for your troubles. Begin today.Wnfe to: Ladies' Advisory Dent. Chattanooea Medicine Cn . rhattannnoi T.nfor Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 52ElJinU2IC.w.rsi jwwirsTWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1.Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyasWBmWkav acHC kbb ls rrztmmum m vBaiw mm nKi2-jKtcs wmmHmm&mm iimcis m ahuvyThe LatestJLI f Fo? a'tcidniht supper, as for any other meal at anyother time, the very latest iMig in ctovesthebest$ that stove-artists can do is ametw s&eTfecfcioiSllP&S. A " 0 Til" .!.It Burns OilNo AshesIt Concentrates HetNo WasteIt is HandyNo DirtIt "is ReadyNo Delay11 Gook-stavsrr---,T,h-airs tha hcil when vou want itand where J oa want it. It is as quick as gas,steadier and hanicr than coal, cheaper thanelectricity. . . ,The NW Perfection Stove has Jonc. enrrcekd,trsquoac-blue chinneys. It ishandtomcly nheok nickel, with cabi-et tcp, drop shelves, Icwelracb.ctc Made with 1.2 or 3 burners.1 reC COOK-1XWK Wn ccjr w. p -- -: t .nvr.R ecAna 5 cents to cover mailing ccO.STANDARD OIL COMPANYCrfccf , Kr-t Lwtfffl Ky4 Atkt. G4 Birmingham. Al4 nd Jacfaearffle, FLui fyj 1SAVES LIFE OF BOY;WANTS HERO MEDALYet Cleveland Lad Would Take"Three Bucks or Life Saver's Job Instead.Cleveland, O. "Here's my chanceto be a hero and get a Carnegie medal," said Frank Patterson, twelve year3old, as he threw off his coat, jumpedinto the Cuyahoga river at the foot ofMain avenue and saved four-year-oldWillie King from drowning the other afternoon.Instead of hurrying home to changehis clothes after making the rescue,Frank ran to the "West Twenty-ninthstreet station and notified SergeantO'Donahue of the accident."You're a brave lad," was O'Donahue's comment."It's a cinch I'm a brave kid, allright, but where's my Carnegie med-"SiSaved Four-Year-Old Willie King.al?" Frank answered, with chatteringteeth. "Don't I get it?"O'Donahue then explained that hewould notify the Carnegie hero medalcommission and advised the boy tohasten home."Well, don't I even get three bucksfor it?" Frank asked. "I understandwhen a kid saves another kid he getsthree bucks.. How about it? I'll tellyou what."You can keep the medal and thedough if you fix it up for me to be aregular life-saver. I always wantedto be a life-saver. I'm a good swimmer," he added as he left."With several companions the Kingboy was playing on a sand scow tiedto the Sycamore slip when he lost hisbalance and fell overboard. Frankleaped from the scow and pushed theboy aboard.MATRON LASHES A SHERIFF.Woman Retaliates for Arrest bChastisement Before Durango,Colo., Pedestrians.Durango, Colo. The pedestrians onthe main street of this city, late thsother afternoon, were entertained'with a horsewhipping affair whenformer Deputy Sheriff Frank "Wilkerson of La Plata county received abeating at the hands of Mrs. A. Webb,a former resident of Animas City, butnow of the Fort Lewis Mesa neaiI this city.Wilkerson had the woman arrestedon the charge of having stolen someimplements and clothes. Mrs. WebbDealt Him a Vicious Blow.was acquitted In a justice's court anda short time later sho met Wilkersonon the street. She drew forth a shortpiece of rawhido which she had concealed in her clothing and Wilkerson,anticipating what -was, coming,grabbed her by the arms. He had noBooner let go of her than sho dealthim a vicious blow across the facewith tho rawhide and followed it upwith a second.Deep; red lines marked the courseof the rawhide across Wllkerson'aface aa he walked away with a smile.He did not attempt to defend himselfand did not strike back.AT- A 1? -Fl fti our iOiiar ouys i.pivioreWhen ycu buy a Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or StudebakerFlanders "20" you get more for your money, dollar for'dollar, than in any other car built.There may be other good cars but vhat is their price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively few are built. Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealercan fool you by cutting the price. Vhat a car is reallyworth, not what it costs, should be your standard.The Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world. We could build and sellany competing car today for less money than its presentprice. In your Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or Flanders "20"you get full value, because the biggest factories and thebest brains in the industry build these cars.skmE.tA i Studebaker-E-M-F "30" Touring Car, standard equipped, f.o.b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top,I Windshield, Preat-O-Lite Tank and Speedometer, f. o. b.Detroit $1190.Our New Art Catalogue Will Interest YouSend for itThe Studebaker CorporationDetroit, MichiganBourbon Oarage & SupplyCor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, Kentucky-Co."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.ParisLexington FrankfortDivision.1 1 !Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p, m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. ro. until 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :45d. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington'and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6 :30 a. m.until 7:30.p. m., and 10:30 p . ra., thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville Jeverv forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05n. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10:15 p. rm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfKENTTOKY TWTinN ANA 9a9r: ;r ;:IfcKNINAL IU.(US(isiBourbon LaundryDAVIS & FUNK, Props. $Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice. WfibiKSHwA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry -work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial oraer You'll notregret it.(UsBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky-ItIIOKMRConvict Returned Lost Rings.During a visit sh8 paid to the prisonin Marquette, Mich., the other day, awealthy Cincinnati woman lost twovaluable diamond rings. A.n honestlife prisoner in the meantime foundthe jewels in the prison yard. Theywere in a chamois bag and probablyhad been kicked about unconsciouslyby other convicts. The jewels werepromptly returned to the owner.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator. --PlaintiffVs. Notice.His Heirs, - - DefendantsAll person hoHinsr claims againstthe estate of David IIickm3n, deceased, are hereby notified to present thesame, proven, as required by law, tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky.All claims not presented by Spptember 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfCh5ap Cleaner.A bicycle pump is a good substitutefor a vacuum cleaner in getting dustfrom nooks and crannies in marblestatuary, plaster casts, carved furniture or any crevices whore it may lurkin spite of dust cloth and brush Runthe open end of the rubber tubing overthe surface to be dusted, while working the pump vigorously with the foot,A soft dust cloth will do the rest.Public Sale!OF VALUABLEReal Estate!Lifestage.Always an "If."is governed by "ifs"it everyOno of His Few Joys.Tho printer sets type andtimes hatches a lot of trouble.some-Few American Negroes in London., "There are a few American negroesin London," says a New York Sun correspondent, "but most of the race inEngland are young men from the British colonics who are studying law ormedicine or taking regular collegiatecourses. In the library at Lincolnsinn, one of the noted inn3 of court orlaw schools of London, every man engaged in reading when a Sun correspondent was there the other day wasa negro."On Tuesday, August 6,1912, on the premises, at thehour of 2 o'clock p. m., I willoffer for sale 10 desirable build-iing lots, located in Williams Addition to the City of Pans.These lots are located wherethey will always rent.Also three houses and lotslocated in Claysville.All of said property rents welland for a small investment can'tbe beat.Terms made known -on day ofsale.For further particulars, applyto WALLACE JACKSON.M. F,. Kenuey, Auct.19jyGtJlnnk LsnqhornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.anj:16tfEast Tenn. Phot WfWv1 1I!IIuw-t(vl'L -v H-f.1 .:lvEl-"VjrS ', ,."Hi JLt i.1L3Z2Z2ZZSaELi3fcaB2s8.i.-.mt3....4H!,'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 30, 19121: JiMay Open Office in Lexington.Col.George D. Speakes, of the firm-of Harris & Speakes, real estateagents, of this city, was in LexingtonPridayjlooking over the situation inhat city.w ith a view of establishing& branch office. Col. Speakes, isone of the'mo prominent .auctioneersin the State, andjiis firm during thepast few wee"ks sold three Bourboncounty farmsajfor an aggregate of$115,000. Their familiarity with ihereal estate situation in Central Kentucky and the many inquiries theyhave had from Kentucky, Virginiaand other scattered points, has prompted them to extend their field of operation, v"Zfyt Borne of Cornet Tootwear' JDAN COHEN!isrol""1 iXXCLTo the GreaS: Values to be Had atDAIN COHEN'SGreat Clearance Sale!As fast as our stocks are depleted, greater and bettervalues are rushed to the front, including all our highgrade and latest style footwear.To-Morrow SaturdayNew goods on sale at the same low prices that haveso astonished and delighted all Bourbon County.Come to our store for your footwear. Buy now whilewe have your size.All Summer Goods Must Go toMake Room For Pall Stocks.All Walk-Over Oxfords,Including All Latest Styles, at Cut Prices.This is not a Sale of a few shop-worn odds and ends.All goods are new and up-to-date.Mid Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strap Pumps and Oxfords inAVhite Canvas, Patent andGun Metal, our 2grade Mark-downPriceent ana$1.2475cLadies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes, &1 1(1 P (tf AAour 83 grade Mark- JZ.Z9 OC JI.V?down PriceOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pamps,mostly small sizes,$1.50 to $3.00 value,Mark-down Price ,One lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,all sizes, $1.50 to $3.00value, Mark-down 1Price WWMark-down Sale InBoys' and Girls'OxfordsOur best quality Boys' Oxfords in Tan,Patent, Gun MetalS3 value, Markdown Pricecoys' uxioras in ran,$2.29Children's "White Canvas and Pique Button bhoes, ourl.oO gradesizes 5 to 11, Mark-downPriceana rique isui-99cMisses' and Children' &Metal Pumps andOxfords, Markdown PricePatens and Gun1,24 id 99CMisses' and Children'sBarefoot Sandals, all sizesMark-down Price49cOne lot Boys' White Canvas and Gun metal Shoes,Mark-down Price50cOne lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to $1value, Mark-down Price . .39cMark-downSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCut PricesMen's H and S3.50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..$3.19One lot Men's odd sizesOxfords, 2.50 to $3.50values, Mark-down Price99cMen's $3.00 and $3:50 Oxfords in Tan,Gun Metal anaPatent, Markdown PriceMen's $2 and $2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price .$1.69DAIN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.entertainedMiss Dorothv PeedFriday with cards.Born Sunday to the vife of vMr. J.H. Horney, a son.Mr. C. N. Johnson is at Swangoi Springs, for a two weeks sojourn.Dr. Deans has exchanged his autofor a large handsome E. M. P.machine.Mr. Alex Hawes, of Chicago, wasthe guest Sunday of his mother, Mrs.Mattis Hawes.Mr. S. M. Allen was the guest ofhis sister, Mrs. L. R. Rogers onCane Ridge Sunday.Miss Sallie Shanklin has returnedhome in Mayslick after a visit to herbrother, W. P. Shanklin.Miss Leona Litton returned Saturday after a two weeks visit to heruncle Mr. Henry Letton, in Carlisle.Post master U. S. G. Pepper returned Saturday after a months tour ofMississippi, Aakansaw, Oklahoma andKansas.Mr. Smith, who has been here sincethe burial of his brother, Eld. ThomasSmith, left for his home in KansasSaturday.Rev. U. V. W. Darlington, andchildren, of Huntington, "W. Va.,were guests last week of Mr. CharlesMartin.Mr. C. Marshall 'Cooper and family,and Mr. Harris Cooper, of Maysville,were guests Sunday of Mr. and Mrs.Aaron McConnell.Mrs. Louise Clarke and daughter,Mrs. "W. E. THancock, the latter ofDallas, Texas, are visiting Mrs. Katherine Williams, at Irvin.Mrs. Sarah Layson and daughter,Miss Anna, and Mrs. O. W. Ingles,wese guests Saturday of Mr. and Mrs.L. R. Rogers, on Cane Ridge.Mr. G. P. Fisher took the followingin his motor car to the Mt. Sterlingfair Fhursdayi Messrs. S. M. Allen,W. V. Shaw and W. F. Sanders.Rev. C. P. DuBois and family, ofMulgee, Okla., arrived Saturday asthe guest of Mrs. DuBois mother andsister, Mrs. Mary "Whaley and MissNancy Whaley.Mr. Waldon Chanslor, of Cincinnatiwho has been visiting his uncle, A.C. Ball, for some time has accepted aposition as chauffeur for Mr. W. J.Reese at Lexington.Squire and Mrs. A. C. Ball, Mrs.W. R. Metcalf and son an i daughter,Richard and Mabel, and Mr. WaldonChanslor, visited relatives at Mayslick and Maysville last week.Miss M. B. Clark left yesterday, fora two weeks visit to her brother, Mr.Wm. Clark, at Detroit, Mich. MissHelen Clark, her neice, who has beenher guest for several weeks has returned to her home in Louisville.Miss Estelle Feeback, aged 15 j-ears,daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Feeback, residing on the farm of Mr.John Williamson, near town, died atthe home of her parents at an earlyhour Sunday morning of spinal meningitis. The burial took place Sunday afternoon at Mt. Pleasant cemetery. The infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Butler died Sunday morning about 3o'clock after a brief illness. The childwhich was only twenty-four daj's oldwas taken ill Saturday night and expired at the early hour the followingmorning. The funeral was held Sunday afternoon at 5 o'clock with ashort service at the home by Rev. W.A. Swift.The following is taken from a Danville paper; "Monte Fox shipped575 head of cattle to New York. Thebest bunch in the lot was purchasedof Mr. William Layson, of Millersburg, who have 17 head that weighed1559 pounds each, for which he paid$8.25 per hundred. This is believedto be the best bunch of cattle raisedin Kentucky this year."W. C. Collins, of Paris, has acceptedthe position as local manager of theBourbon Home Telephone Company,vacated some time ago by H. D. Shy.The place has been temporarily filledby Edgar Collins, who has been working for the company during the pastyear. It will be remembered thatW. C. Collins gave up the same position with the Cumberland TelephoneCompany here in the ear.y spring, toaccept a similar one at Richmond.Mr. Collins does not return to ourcommunity a stranger and it is withpleasure that wre welcome the returnof he and his most estimable wife.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Women Form Fire Brigade.The women of Idria, in the Austrian'province of Krain, were so dissatisfied with the fire-brigade thattney have formed one of theirconsisting of 60 "firewomen,"Frau Marie Straos as theirmancler.own,withcoin-Getsold bytfRefrigerators.the new Iceberg refrigeratorA. F. WHEELER & CO.His First jSIeed."Well, old man, how's tricks?""Miss Wallaby accepted me lastnight." "I suppose you are aroundtoday accepting congratulations.""No; I'm around today trying to borrow $200 to buy the ring." LouisvilleCourier-Journal.Immense Line Oi Wall Paper.Call at my store ana pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and havp it nut on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do your work.SJ. T. HiNTON.Paris Firm Awarded Contract.At a meeting of the directors of theBourbon Warehouse Company, heldyestp.rday, bids for the lumber, milland carpenter work for the warehouseof the company in Barns' Addition,were opened and the contract awardedto the Bourdon Lumber Company, ofthis city. The amount of the bid ofthe local firm was not made public.It is estimated that the" structurewill require puward of twenty cars oflumber. Manager Kenney Nichols,who has been in charge of a force ofmen for the past several days gradingthe site, has this part of the workabout completed and it is expected thework on the foundations will beginsome time during the present week.Construction of the immense warehouse w ill be pushed with all haste andwill be ready for the handling of thecroos ofBourbon and adjoining countiesthis season.I TtLe Best Line OfI SUITS IEver offered in this city for the price,$7.50, 10, 12.50Some GoodBargains.S10 andLadies' tailored sk'irts,values, at S6.85.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.S12Which cannot foeagents for theseibeat. We are solebrands of Shoes. IT 1 1 T1 1 Af eter s uiamond BrandReed Cushion SoleRalston HealthShoes IGolden Girl Injured.Golden Girl, the prize show mare,the property of W. H. Northcott, otGynthiana, alter taking two premiumsin the harness class at the Mt. Sterling fair last week, ran a nail in oneof her feet, suffering such a severe injury that her retirement from the showring until the late summer may benecessary. The mare was ' broughtthrough Paris Friday afternoon andtaken to Shawhan by Dr. Steve Trabue.who had her in c 'large forjteatment f( rher injury. Golden Gin was in rareform during the exhibition at Mt.Sterling, and after taking two premiums, outclassing all of her competitors, other owners declined to allowtheir horses to go in against her. Theaccident was a great blow, to Mr.Northcott, who had planned to showthe mare at all the fairs during thesummer and fall. Unless complications arise and the injury to her footbecomes more serious, it is probableshe will be in shape by the middle ofAugust, and will be seen at the Bourbon Fairijn September.J. M. JosselsonL715-717 Main Street, Paris, Ky.jRAT DRIVES A FAIRCHAUFFEUR FROM CARRodent in Auto Blocks All theTraffic on Cleveland's Principal Thoroughfare.Cleveland, O. One lone, mangy, adventure-seekingrat and a big marooncolored automobile held up trafficboth ways on Euclid avenue the otherday. The tie-up lasted ten minutesand attracted several hundred malebeings, who responded to the screamsof a timid little maid who was driving the car.The girl and the car were on ashopping tour. She had stopped atone of the Euclid avenue stores between East Fourth street and theSquare. After making her purchasesjvn. JIff IpSlJkf-zrw-mmr v-1L--''v; -'"""-'-'f' V'f.,.".,-.-:-"-r.-v',.,.:;:::-;:.'iV.v. . tr-:-."Sheep Quarantine Partly Raised.Adoption of the following amendment to the quarantine rules affectingthe shipment of sheep, proposed toenable sheep to he exhibited at theLexington and Louisville fairB inAugust and September, respectively,the amendment to be effective on andafter August 8, was announced bybecretary Wilson, of the Departmentof Agriculture, Friday : "It is ordered that the quarantine for scabies insheep placed upon the State of Kentucky by Amendment 4 to!Rule 3, Revision 1, dated August 5, 1909, andeffective on and after August 16, 1909,be and the same is hereby modified topermit the interstate shipment ofsheep of States not quarantined forscabies which are exhibited at the fairof the Bluegrass Fair Association, tobe held at Lexington, Ky., August 12to 17, 1912, inclusive, or at ;the Kentcky State Fair, to be held at Louisville, Ky., SeDtember 9 to 14, 1912.inclusive, subject to the following restrictions: '"a. Such sheep shall be shipped byrail to Lexington or Louisville andshall not be unloaded in the areaquarantined for sheep scabies elsewhere than at Lexington or Louisville.b. Separate cleaned and disinfectedchutes and other facilities shall beprovided for the "exclusive unloadingand loading for such sheep at Lexington or Louisville."c. Such sheep shll be hauled incleaned and disinfected wagons directfrom the cars in which they arrive atLexington or Louisville to the fairgrounds, and from the fair groundsdirect to the cars in which they are tobe reshipped."d. That portion of the fair groundsor other premises to be occupied exclusively by such sheeD shall be cleaned and disinfected under thejjsupervision of an employe of the Bureau ofAnimal Industries before said sheepare placed therein."e. Such sheep shall not be movedinterstate from Lexington 'or Louisville except in cleaned and disinfectedcais or unless accompanied by a certificate issued by an inspector Tof theBureau of Animal Industry, showingthat the sheep have-had no opportunityto become infected with scabies."Ice Tea Special.We have Vsnecial blendjof tea whichis especially fine for iced "tea at only60 cents per pound.1 30-2t JOHN SAUER.At tost.All summer goods at cost atTHE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Colored Camp Meeting.A good crowd attended the camDmeeting Sunday at the new fairgrounds. Rev. Bolton, of North Carolina, will preach at the Claysvilleschool house Wednesday night andFriday night of this week. He'will2ho art Rev. Quarles Sunday atcarr.p me linv. Rev. J. P. Smith, ofi Lexington, will also be present toDreacn Sunday. Hv snpnial rennpsf-TnfI o.- t u ,u: i ,. .ttsumc ui luc wunc jjcuyic as wen ascolored Bro. Quatles will preach onthe subject ot "The Prodigal Son" at3 n. m.Accident May Cost Eyesight.Miss Mary D. Sullivan, a prominentyoung woman tof Mt. Sterling, maylose her eye sight as a result of anaccident caused by the falling of aswing.in which she iwas sitting. Theshock of the fall caused a hemorrhagein the head, which has caused MisaSullivan to be unable to see. Specialists hope to saveo ne of her eyes.Matting Rugs.feetfeet,Rugs,Another lot of 9 feet by 12Reversible Matting Rugs, 3.45.3 feet by 6 feet, 45 cents.Also 11 feet 8 inches by 9stenciled on one side. MattingOn sale now.12jly-tf. J. T. HINTON.Tailored Skirts.Ladies Tailored skirts, $6.50 Tand8.50 value at $3.95.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Adams Loses Suit.In the United States Court for theEastern district of Kentucky, atMaysville in the matter of the petition ofthe Adams Express Company vs. theCommonwealth of Kentucky, prayingfor an injunction" or a restraining order against the State Board of Valuation and Assessment from fixing thetax valuation franchise of said company at a greater sum than S119.271.93,FederalJudge A..M. J. Cochran deniedthe appeal on the ground that the saidState Board of Valuation and Assessment did not make the tentative assessment final.Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makes.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.A splendid line of rugs, carpets andwall paper to select ,from.Call and lock them o er. Pricesmost reasonable.J. T. HINTON.Hager and Shelby Commission.Governor McCreary has named asState Election Commissioners for Kentucky for the ensuing year Judge S.W. Hager, of Owensboro, as a representative of the Democratic party,and Col. John T, Shelby, of Lexington,as the representative of the Republican party.; Colonel Shelby's name waslast on a lut of five submitted to theGovernor by the Republican State organization and the Governor was gladto be enablad to Dick from the li3t of( the opposing party an old-time friend.Judge Hager was only tecently ap-uujnieu commissioner to nil tne vacancy caused by the resignation of JudgeJ. R. McDowell.She Gasped "A Rat."she jumped into the waiting machine,threw in the clutch and started tocross the street preparatory to turning around.When the machine was half wayover the car tracks she happened tolook down into the seat beside her.The machine stopped just as shejumped. Her screams could be heardabove the clang of the car gongs. Shewas heard to gasp "A Rat!"The car was searched. Twice therat appeared, once on the steeringwheel and another time on the seat.Each time it was greeted with ashower of car controllers, bundles,hats and auto wrenches. Each timeit ducked back again in safety.The auto was moved off the cartracks. Traffic resumed.The last seen of the fair driver waswhen she went to telephone for someone to "come and get her car."The Best Way.A correspondent wants to know howto pronounce Chihuahua. The best wayis to say Chy-hewa-hewa and then laughas though you knew better. If it isdone artistically you can get awaywith it nearly every time. The sametreatment has been frequently appliedto decollete with great success.Good Values.Ladies gingham house dresses, assorted colors, 1.50 values, at 98 cents.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.School Per Capita to Be ReducedThe school per capita for Kentuckywill be reduced this year because ofthe increase last year of S4.40. A deficit in the school fund this year amountsto $86,000. The Auditor's Departmentis now working on the estimate uponwhich Supeintendent Hamlett will basehis apportionment for the commonschool?. It is the purpose of the Superintendent to gradually accumulateu sumius. hoping within eicrhtenmonths nemantntly to extend theschool ye;n irom ix to seven montnb.The Boaid of Education Saturday issued an order abolishing common drinking cups in all public schools of theState."Roxic" Davis !Cb Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paving Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Caution For Automobiles.Many complaints have been madeconcerning the fast driving of automobiles, which is being so generally practiced within the city limits. I desire' tn call the attention of all owners anddrivers of motor car3 to the city ordinance which prohibits driving fasterthan eight miles per hour on straightstreet and five miles per hour in turning corners.The police will be instructed toDrosecute all violators oE the ordinance.Take warning and act accordingly.J. T. HINT ON.Mayor.Former Bourbon Man a ManagerIjAt the recent session in Chicago ofthe American Shorthorn Breeders' As-cnriafinn tho lororoaf- nffani'7oriftn n-Fthe kind in the world. Mr. Abram Ken-, lODaCCO farmers, Opportunityick, ot L.iarK county; iormeriy ot uour-bon, was elected general manager ofthe association at a very lucrative salary. Mr. Henick has been presidentof the organization and resigned thisposition to assume the duties as general manger. The office was createdat the last session, and Mr. Renick isthe first to occupy it. Mr. Renickhas offices on Exchange Avenue,Ch!cago. and employes twelve assistants inthe work. For a number of years Mr.Renick has bred shorthorn cattle ot anational reputation. At every bigshow he has won a number of nremiu ne, 1 i ; product rai becoma known tostockmen in all parts gf the world.Very productive and fertile Tobaccolands, free from stone, excellentwater, climatic and healty conditions;with finest automobile roads in theSouth. Near city of fifteen thousandpeople. An extra inducement to encourage tobacco raising. "We will sellthese lands in tracts of eighty acresup, at from 112.00 to $20.00 per acre,payable ten per cent cash and tenyears on balance if necessary, withsix per cent interest on deferred payments. AddressNATCHES DISTRICT DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE, Natchez, Miss.UL2y-lm)-V...:y?,;,,i't',EZ32SS2223&&..ftfrKfrifrrf&jiayJAtit