THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 22. 1912mmmmIPTJrieci and 3ound SutttyOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the Least Money.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.002 cans good Corn 15cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 23 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb, can Asparagus 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 OcNew Orleans Molasses, per gal 45 c8 bars Lenox Soap , 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-lb Sack 70c50-!b Sack $ 1 .401 OO-lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C. LENIHANCash Grocery.Both Phones 234ifWTWwifffWiffINiffiffiffwfvviffitAd Earlu ShibmentOFSpring Hats and CapsFORMEN AND BOYSWe Are Showing All Latest Shapes and ColorsSiA Beautiful Line of Shirts at50c, $1,$1.50Come in and Let Us Take Your Measure forYour Spring Suit,$ 1 6.50 to $45.00500 Samples on DisplayPRI6&& 60. ClothierstipJury Awards $10,000 Damages.After deliberating for one hour andfifteen minutes the jury in the case ofCalvin Elam's administrator againstthe Paris Gas and Electric Cn. and theBourbon Home Telephone Co.. returned a verdict for the palintiff in thefeum of S6.000 against the former and$4,000 against the latter company.The case was a damage suit instituted by nilam's adminntrator growingout of the death of Elam which occurred last April while he was in the employ of the Bourbon Home TelephoneCo., in the capacity of lineman andwhile ascending a pole on Walker'savenue came in contact with a liveelectric wire, the current knockinghim from the pole and in the fall hisneck was broken death resultinginstantly.The trial of the case was entered into Tuesday morning and has consumedthe entire time in Circuit Court sincethat day. The evidence was concludedyesterday morning when argumentswere made and the case given to thejury at four o'clock yesterday afternoon. Judge Denis Dundon and Hon.C. M. Thomas represented the defendants and Talbott & Whitley the plaintiffs. The grand jury made its final repurtWednesday afternoon and was discharged from further service. The report was signed by Clarence Kenneyas foreman, its principal features being certain strictures upon and recommendations relating to the FiscalCourt, on which subject it containedthe following :"Much complaint from citizens andtaxpayers of the county has Leen madeto us because of failure for severalyears past on the part of the FiscalCourt of the county to comply withthe requirements of the law with ieference to publication in a newspaperuf a statement annually, showing thefinancial condition of oui county.Members of the Fiscal Court havebeen before uh and explained thatsuch publication was not made becauseit seerneJ to them that the $137 to $148foi such service asked by the newspapers was unreasonable. This grandjury thinks that such report should bepublished annually as the law requires,an1 many of our best citizens haveappeared before us and are insistingupon our Fiscal Court doing their dutyin the matter. Our people want thisreport published annually so that theycan sit in their own respective homesand know how much ot the taxes paidby them has been expended and towhom the money was paid. Anothergrand jury should bear this matter inmind and unless the Fiscal Court has,between now and the convening ofanother term of this court, publishedsuctj a financial statement for theotcedinjf year, each member of tfie -Fis-calCourt failing or refusing to causesame to be published should be indicted and compelled to pay the penaltyprescribed by law."There is general complaint fromall sections of the county with reference to the condition of our countryroads. The county authorities say thatthe revenue collected for the purposeof keeping up the roads has been expended for that purpose, and the bestthat could be dune with the means athand has been done. Citizens havecomplained that the pikes need to beditched and the culverts cleaned outand by the lack of such work beingtimely done and in a proper manner,some of the roads are washing, and arebeing greatly damaged."We feel that the county is not getting full value received for the amountof money collected for the upkeep ofour roads, and our fiscal Court shoaldcommence now and more carefullyapply themselves to seeing that eachdollar paid out on that account bringsin a dollar's worth of road.,"Spring Arrives With Cold Wave.Yesterday marked the beginning ofspring but however winter retiredvery unwillingly, but he left behind afarewell that ia anything but pleasant.Last night a cold wave wa3 predictedand today the weather departmenthands out the prediction that todaywill be fair hut cold and a brisk windwill blow from the Northwest. toOurOpeningDisplayWill Continue OverSaturdayr"WE KNOW HOW ""Imrschbaum GamesHAND TMIOBEBV!I AXI- woolI wrLet Your SpringSuit Come From theStore of Mitchell &Here you will find a larger stock and morestyles to select rrom than other stores areshowing. The Norfolk Suit and the newEnglish Cut Sack Coat will be worn by gooddressers this season. We are showing thesetwo styles in Fancy Home-spuns, Scotchesand Serges.Spring patterns in Manhattan and StetsonBros Shirts, none better made.Stetson and Dunlap Hats in soft and stiff.We are selling more Shoes each season. TheStetson Shoe at $5 and $6, Korrect Shape $4and Dr. Reed's Cushion Soles you will findhere both in High-cut and Oxfords.Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis Kentucky3tfL .k.ELEQ i 1 1 HI 1 1 1 III M U ; LI 1 1 HI 1U1 (11III11!! IIIIII IlIIIIIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIlIIIIIlIIlIIIllinilllll l!!!lllIMIJ'llllll!l!IIIII!IIIII!llliriir8FRANK oc C.,The Store Where Reliability Reigns.- 014 ShowingNewest Spring StylesInLadies' and Misses'Suits, Dresses andCoats.v Come in and Take a Look.The Simon Dep't Store.SpecialSILK SKIRTS, - $1 .9SBlack, White and All Colors.iSPECIALTobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.Frank & Co.Paris, - - KentuckygimiiirniniiinmmiunmsSHmmmuirTHE BOURBON NEWS,, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH zl , 1 912MILD, GENTLE LAXATIVEFOR WOMEN GIVEN FREESo many of the ills of women aredue to habitual constipation, probablybecause rf their false modesty on thesubject, that their attention cannot betoo strongljr called to the importanceof keeping the bowels open. It isalways important to do that, regardless of the sex, but it is especiallyiriiportant in women.From the time the girl begins tomenstruate until mentsruation ceasesshe has always vastly better prospectsof coming through healthy if shewatches her bowel movements. If youfind yourself constipated, with badbreath, pimply complexion, headaches,belching gas and other symptomsof indigestion and constipation, takea small dose of Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. It is woman's favorite laxative. You will find that you can doaway with salts, strong cathartics,etc., which are entirely unsuited towoman's requirements.Mrs. Katherine Haberstroh of McKees Rocks, Pa., and Mrs. A. E. Herrick of Wheeler, Mich., who was almost paralyzed in her stomach andbowels, are now cured by the use ofthis remedy. A free sample bottlecan be obtained by" addressing Dr.Caldwell, and after you are convincedof its merits buy it of your druggistat fifty cents and one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 -Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.3&Bourbon LaundryD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.W Telephone No. 4.vl2? I 14HS ' J(fefBB finA P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.(USasBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.mehwTHE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceI Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er. 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o' publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.To the. Shoulders oi the Rich.Will it be possible to transfer the$53,000,000 sugar tax from the breakfast table to the shoulders cf the rich.Are the people sufficiently in controlto accomplish this end.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESLo2:02W. W. Blackford, of Scott, soldhis farm of 50 acres in that county toJ. W. South worth for S7.000.Owing to the amount of tobaccohandled in Carlisle and the new looseleaf warehouse that is planned for nextsaeson a stemmery ia now proposed.W. A. Thomason, of near NorthMiddletown, bought from a Montgomery county dealer Monday a pairof mare mules at $450. Mr. Thomasonalso bought several other mules inMontgomery county at prices rangingfrom $150 to $2'5 per head.Stockmen are offering 6 and 6 1-2cents for future lambs in Nicholascounty. More lambs have died thisyear in that county than was everknown, in some instances as many ashalf have died. ;This means the loss ofa $5 bill to the farmers on each lamb.Caywood & McCIintoct of Fari3,bought 2D hea of mules, ranging inage from three to 6 years old, on theMt. Sterling market Monday at pricesranging from $150 to $200 each. Thesame firm sold 14 mules out. of theirpurchase to different buyers on thesame market at satisfactory prices.There was no cattle market at?Georgetown Monday, a few calves being offered. There was a good trade inhorses arid mules. Clarence Gravessold to Chas. Thompson, ot Lexington,3 raules .for $700. Jos. Finley soldtwelve mules at from $160 to $235. AsaJewell, of Lexington, bought 12 horsesat from $125 to $175. 1'atteraon &Rouse sold 15 head of Hampshire giltsat from $21 to $35 each.Live farm boys under eighteenyears of age in Will county, 111., maderecords of over 100 bushels of cornper acre the past year. The highestyield was 117 bushels and 60 pound?,counting 75 'pounds to the bushel.These results were ar.nrsmnlishpri inThese questions are being asked ! connection with a country-wide boys-everywhere. The status of the situ- i contest in which the corn of thirty-fouration is this: 'The Democratic House. ! contestants was harvested. The ave:-t 4. .,. i. j . : age yieia oi an cne Dcys in the contesttrue to its promise to reduce the cost ! wa3 over 82 bLshels of irrain npr orlof living in this country will at this , - ,.) lvionaay at mi. dteriir.g a largei crowd attended court. Streets filledwith horses and mules and 1400 cattleon the market.quality mostly common.Prices were firm and high Dut the daywas the dullest in the trading line forseveral years on account of scarcity offeed. The best 1,000 pound steers soldat 5 1-2 to 6 cents per pi.und ; yearlings5 to 5 1-2 cents ; heifers 4 1-2 to 5WOMAN'S 'TRIALS,The burdens a woman has Co carry through lite are many but they anfe?lightened if she will turn to Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. A soothing aaistrengthening nervine Subduing nervous excitability, prostration, hysteria, hctflashes and the many symptoms which may be caused by distressing ills peculiarto women. For those " dragging-doro " pains or distress and for the derangements and irregularities the "Favorite Prescription " has had many thousands ortestimonials from people living in every part of America. Another importantthing to every woman is that this medicine is made free: cScicnt medicinal roots,without the use oi alcohol, narcotics, cr any injurious agents. Full list of ingredients ssivn nn hnttleraoncT and S77orn to by Dr. R. V. Pierce who is Presidentc Iho Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,N.Y. Every women :s invited to wntc to this Institute andreceive confidential and sound moJical advice, entirelywithout cost from one who makes the diseases of womenhis specialty."I can cheerfully recouJracnd your remedies, especiallyvour 1 Favorite Prescription,' for all female disorders," writesislr.3. M. M. Moereia, of Bluff City, Tenn., Soute 2. Durin?the past snvca years 1 suffered from pains in the back andovirios. Tried many remedies but found only transientrelief until I was persuaded by a friend to try Dr. Pierce'sFavori to Prescri ption. After giving this remedy a fair trial.I found that it would do just what it is recommended todo. I used in atl seven bottles. I cannot speak too highl?of Dr. Pierce's remedies for ail femaie derangements."Mrs. MoasELL. Dr, Pierce's PJcasent PciSets regulate liver izs-session pass a bill repealing the S53,-000,000 tax cn sugar and another taxing income inexcess of $5,000.The bills will go co z RepublicanSenate. If the progressive Republicans vote with the Democrats bothbills will pass the upper body. The,nBf iha ;f t m n.L cenLs with the latter price for the fatB 1"M,ucm' AJ- "" stuff. The mule marKet was firm andaccepts me aavice or tnese anout him, 'strong and more than three hundredThe Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:03, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dani Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33.jjHolder of world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:15.TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter BHIiken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07,leading"; sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.(2) 2.19bire ot Black: Wig 2:07. Remorseful 2:08X, Dorcas H. 2:08, Betsy G.:j.u;4., jatuenne a.. y iuturiLy winner lyuZ), Jtfessie Brown 2:12M,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16, (chamTion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twentv-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.The'celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst StockFarm. Tom.Mack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOiN, Paris, Ky.who were described by the late Senator Dolliver as being "men who knowexactly what they want," he will vetothe bills.Protectionists oppose an income taxfor tworeasons : First They are richas a clas3 and like other humans haveno desire to pay more taxes thannecessary. Second Protectionistsknow that if this country, like GreatBritain, Fiance, Germany, Holland,Switzerland, Australia, Denmark andmany others, gets into the habit ofraising revenue by .taxing wealth instead of the things the people musthave in order to live, the tariff taxwhich gives" them monopolies on theparticular commodities in which theydeal, will be reduced, which would bedamaging to the nice fpt dividends,particularly to such "American industries" as the sugar trust, the steeltrust, the woolen tru st, the harvestertrust and Mr. Rockefeller's oil trust.High protectionist politicians receive stupendous sums as campaignfunds from the tariff trusts, andmoney is a mighty handy thing incampaigns, xne income rax is a menace to the citadel of high protection,so why should protectionists countenance an income tax.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortstliis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Peonies andPhlox everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.fL F. flillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiljIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW..Room 1 Elks Buildine.Dr. Wm. Kenriey,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j olel.S E. T. 334.i head were on the market, with the demand heavy and some extra good saleamade, some sales at $450 and $500 perpair. A number of horses were on themarket but the demand was slow, asmost of the stuff was very common.The Messenger reporls the Danvile court as follows: "Yesterdaywas county court day and a very goodcrowd was in town. March court inbygone years was a rattling good one,but of late the people seem to havelost interest and nope comes to townexcept those having business. We sayhave lost interest but that's not it,they simply stay at home and workunless called to town on something important. "There was a good demand formules and cattle, and some sales weremade. High' grade horses were in demand as usual but there were none tobe had. Plugs and medium gradesbrought only fair prices. The principal topic discussed was the scarcity offeed. This trouble caused the slownessin stock sales. Feed is not only highbut vtry scarce."Business with the merchants wasabout up to the average for March.Several candidates were on the streetsshaking hands with the dear people."breaking Away from Tradition.GEO. W. DAVISFDNERAl DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALME8.BOTH 'PHOJfES DAY 13 7 ; NIGHT 299.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnJk1g&Now is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.ResidenceHome 334.DR. A. U KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices.JRoomsParis,4; and 5, Elk's Bld'gKentuckyHot v and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold" baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waitSi You are next.M. A. KAHAL.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson H'ggins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house ; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf Paris, Ky.Present Gavel to KentuckySociety. An incident occurred "at the eighthannual banquet of the Kentucky Society of New York City, held at theHotel Plaza recently, that should interest every Kentuckian. On that evening, Mr. Frederick A. Wallis, a former secretary of the Kentuckians,presented to the society a gavel madeout of a piece of wood from a treeplanted by Henry Clay himself at hishistoric home, ''Ashland," at Lexington, and fashioned into a gavel by theKentucky boys at the State University.The idea of the gavel originated withMrs. Wallis, who, seeing the necessityof such an implement at the meetingsand public functions of the society,decided to procure a piece of wood fromone of the trees at "Ashland." Lastsummer while in Kentucky, Mr. andMrs. Wallis called at the home of thelateT. H. Clay, at Lexington, andreferred to the proposed gavel, whenhis daughter, a great-grand-daughterof Henry Clay,, offered them a piece ofwood from a tfee planted by Mr. Clay,which had been destroyed by a severesleet storm that passed orer Kentuckyseveral years ago. Mr. and Mr?.Wallis were highly elated over theirsuccess in procuring the wood and tookit to the State University, where thesuggestion of the gavel was made toJudge Barker, the president, and Prof.Paul Anderson, head of the mechanical.and engineering departments. Thpvwere enthusiastic over the idea andesteemed it an honor to permit the stu-aents to iasnion tne wood into a gavelprovided they were granted the privilege of saving a small piece of the woodto be placed in the University's cabinet of Kentucky relics. The gavel isa handsome piece of work, being ofhard, dry ash. On the knob is mounteda State seal of Kentuckv in silver"United We Stand, Divided We Fall'Mr. Wallis presented the gavel to theKentucky Society, with the distinctunderstanding, that should the association ever become disorganized or disbanded, the gavel is to be given to thethe Kentucky Historical Society atFrankfort.Mrs. Wallis was formerly MissNannine Clay.daughter of Mr. and'Mrs.Thos. Henry Clay, Sr., of Paris. Mr.and Mrs. Wallis own a handsome country place near this' city and. are frequentThe grectest importance of the Democratic prorgam providing for theabolition of the sugar tariff and theimposition of a tax on incomes in excess of 35,000 is that it breaks awayfrom the tradition that the government's income must of necessity bederived wholly from the things thepeople eat, wear or use, a traditionwhich has been responsible for weal thnot bearing its just proportion of theburden of federal taxation, and a tradition which has been responsible forso many tariff outrages through somany years. Regardless of whetherthe bill is vetoed by Preisdent Taft,there s little question that the Democrats have opened the way for its enactment when another man is in theWhite House.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Miilersburg, North Middletown, Littlef Rockan"WhenRuddles Mills.you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."youThe East Tennessee Telephone CoIncobpokatedNOTICETOFarmers!NEW - BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.is the best and quickestway to perfect health.Women and girls whosuffer are simply weakweak all over.Opiates and alcoholicmixtures are worse thanworthless, they aggravate the trouble andlower the standard ofhealth.colt's Emulsionstrengthens the wholebody, invigorates andbuikuI am Paying from 50c to 75ceach for Sheep Slides.Tallow 5 to 5 1 -4c per pound.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARI?,Call East Tenn. Phone 374KY.jRtink LanqhornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Tw0 old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWEY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOMEH Be xur( tn rrf QPHTT'C Hmm, kvr X kj mmAU, DRUGGISTS I"''will not be yours unlesshave ayouMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen!iCome in and see them. Theyvisitors in Pans.are the best made.'iTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 21, 1912"THE PAGEANT"BIG BLA"Darkness and Light" A GreatOperatic Spectacle.Signaled Opening of the "WorldIn Cincinnati."Great, Religious Spectacle and Missionary Exposition Is AttractingThousands to Cincinnati.11Splendid Music and Orchestral Accompaniment Several Hundred Professional and Amateur Performers Participate. Cincinnati. The Pageant of Darkness and Light is one of the big features of "The World in Cincinnati" andis given twice each day. Several hundred amateur performers participate,in fact nearly 5,000 in all, ' severalgroups having been drilled for eachepisode, so that no one group is required to appear constantly at theafternoon or evening performances..The Times-Star says of the Pageant:"It is a stupendous spectacle. Inwealth of picluresqueness, brilliancyof color, it is of a far more impressivecharacter than any other pageant evergiven at Music Hall."Judging it from the accepted standards ,of a stage production, it may bedescribed as an oratorio with stagepictures, and action supplementing themusic and the poem. It merely tendsto present in four episodes, each ofwhich is complete in itself, incidentsin the spread of Christianity amongthe heathen nations. The four cardinal points are used in these illustrater I- ----- v.r&$j - 2Fagoda, China Scene, "World inCincinnati."tions. The first is the north, showinga North American Indian village, thecoming of the white man who hassaved the chieftain's child, and, returning her, wins the confidence of theRed Men, who are then eager to accept the Gospel.The Second Episode.The second 'episode, representingtli3 South, shows a scene in Africa,where the explorer, Livingston, ispreading civilization among the natives. He longs for home and is finally greeted by Stanley, who urgeshim to return with him.The third episode represents theEast. India is the scene and the action refers to the question of childwives and the burning of widows,which superstitions are rescinded.The fourth episode, representing theWest, occurs in Hawaii.The pageant is produced in veryelaborate style, and has been sothoroughly rehearsed that there isnever a hitch. The scenic effectsare very effective, several of themexceptionally so, while the costumesare vivid and picturesque.The music was written by HamishMcCunn, an English composer of considerable reputation. He not only employs the principals and chorus onthe stage as in an opera, but alsouses an extraneous chorus in the auditorium, which should represent theChristian world, and which singsthose parts that refer to Christiansentiments.The music is generally of a good andpleasing quality, more lyric than dramatic. The orchestral accompaniment lends a good support. The firstepisode is musically the most worthy,the tenor solo in particular being ofgreat beauty and lyric charm. Theclimax of the third episode is alsoworthy of mention as is the music, for' the greater part, in the final episode.It suggests the theater more than anyother part, its dance rhythm at theopening indicating the ballet and it?dramatic fervor approaching in spiritthe action that is provided.The Pageant Master is Percy J. Burrell and the musical director Edwin W.Glover. They have accomplished anexceptional task in wielding the heterogeneous forces into a serviceablewhole.A LIST OF SPECIAL DAYSSpecial days for various denominations -or -countries are being organized for "The World in Cincinnati" by numerous committees, andthroughout the period the Expositionis opened, promise to be a considerablefeature. The days so far arranged forare as follows:March 20, Wednesday EvangelicalDay. fMarch 21, Thursday Japan Day.March 22, Friday Lutheran Day. .March 24, Sunday Children's MassMeeting.March 25, Monday China Day.March 26, Tuesday Methodist Day.March 27, Wednesday Baptist Day.March 28, Thursday Ohio Day.March 29, Friday Disciples.April 2, Tuesday Presbyterian Day.Cincinnati The great MissionaryExposition called "The World In Cincinnati," the second of its kind to beheld in the United States, was openedwhen President Taft pressed a button,illuminating a huge electric star. Atthe same moment a huge AmericanMountain Cabin, in Mountain Peoplescene.flag was unfurled and the spectatorswhich packed Pageant hall to thedoors, arose and sang the national anthem. Large crowds visited the jnainexposition for the first time and crowdsthat tax the capacity of Music hallare daily thronging the big buildingii'oni end to end.Extraordinary Interest Shown.Extraordinary interest is beingshown in the exposition. Here andthere through the life like scenes,courts and stalls of foreign lands, Ilarge groups of people are daily listening to the explanations of the costumed attendents or stewards incharge of the various exhibits. Everysection has its quoto of missionaries,who are mostly home on furlough fromcountries everywhere in the world.These men and women have manystartling experiences to relate, manystrange lands to describe, much to sayJjout their work, and their - earnestness makes them interesting talkers.In the exhibition halls are booths 'representing China, Japan, Korea,India, etc. There one meets prettyAmerican misses garbed in Turkishcostume; also, Moorish Avomen, withtheir faces concealed, all but the eyes.The colony of real American In-" ,,i "Your Home And All Its Comforts!If IV- -a 33 -3- ' fa - tav miner urmshi hemWaiting t: make your" home fust the home you want it. Comfy, cozy and up-to-date,: Noneed forego the advantages 'of their own home i his store,, Js ready to. supply every needed thingGoods new and modern, prices right, terms reasonable.Come let us furnish your little home, won't you? v JSod House and Prairie Schooner scene.dians, who stolidly mind their ownbusiness of making bead ornamentsand other goods monopolized only byPoor Lo, attract much attention. Captain Gould, the ex-cowboy, also comesin for much attention. Gould takespleasure in startling the small boy bylassoing him, and many, kids desertedtheir parents to "unsconsiously" wander near the fringe and be honoredby a real plainsman.There are a number of halls wherespecial features of the Exposition arein progress. A Hall of Methods,showing missionary educational work,where gifted story-tellers and youngpeople in simple dramatizations, provide instructive entertainment. Tableaux Hall and Moving Pictures Hallare just what their names imply. Tableaux in costumes, little plays, andmany thousand feet of picture films,are special attractions to the crowds.THE EXPOSITION PLEASESNecessary to Repeat Demonstrations,Crowds Are So Large.Some demonstrations at "The Worldin Cincinnati" attract such crowdsthat they have to be repeatedmore times than those scheduled tosatisfy the visitors. At some hoursfive or six demonstrations are goingon at the same time in differentcountries. There are "A Tour ThroughAfrica," "A Palestine 'Wedding," "AnAfternoon Call in Japan," "At theWell in Burma," and demonstrationsof worship of the different deities inthe Hall of Religions and other places.All are happening at the same timeunder one roof, while in the "Hall ofthe Homeland" things are moving atat the same rate. ,One of the most 'picturesque demonstrations this week is that of theimmigrants clad in the costumes ofdifferent countries as they land atEllis Island, led by G. W. Bunton, whomarch through the halls before goingthrough the medical examination andother requirements of those who cometo our shores.Ouv Ranges and Cook Stoves arecomplete, and the prices we areoffering is worth your while to calland see.Cook Stoves $10.75 up.Ranges $25 up o $60.ooo!OoooooooK:ooA nice Solid Oak Kitchen Cabinet, tt just like cut ,Carpets, Riss9Matting".We are the CarpetStore when Springcleaning tirr.e comes.Bissel SweepersA. F. Wheeler Furniture Company,Main Street, Paris, Ky.CHAS. GREEN, Mgr.Opp. Court HouseThe Men Who Succeedas heads of large enterprises are menof great energy. Success today demands health. To ail is to fail. It'sutter folly for a man to endure a weakrun down, half alive condition whenElectric Bitters will pnt him right onhis feet in short order. "Four bottlesdid me more real good than any othermedicine T ever took,'' writes Chas.B. Allen, Sylvania,Ga. "After yearsof suffering with rheumatism, livertrouble, stomach disorders, and deranged kidneys, I am again, thanksto Electric Bitters, sound and well."Try them. 50c at Oberdorfer's.SEVERAL HUNDRED ASSISTANTSThe most notable part of this greatMissionary Exposition is the immensenumber of persons assisting voluntarily in one way or another. Minglingwith the crowds and peopling thescenes from 'foreign lands are menand women from Boston churcheswearing the native dress of every landunder the surState of Ohio, Citj'' of Toledo, )Lucas County.Frank J. Cheney maks oath that heis senior partner of the lirm of F. J.Cheney & Co., doing business in thecitj'- of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each an every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY.Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of December, A. D. 1886.A. W. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Send for testimonials free.F. J. CHEENY & CO., To'edo, O.Sold cy all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills tor constipation.What We Never Forgetaccording to science, are the thingsassociated with our early home life,snch as Bucklen's Arnica Salve, thatmother or grandmother used to cureour burns, boils, scalds, sores, skineruptions, cuts, sprains or bruises.Forty years of cures prove its merit.Unrivaled for piles, corns or cold sores.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Many Driven From Home.Ever year in ruanyXparts tnecountry thousands are driven fromtheir homes by coughs and lung diseases. Friends and business are leftbehind foi other climates, but this is' costly and not always sure. A betterway the way of multitudes is touse' Dr. King's New Discovery andcure yourself at home.; u Stay rightthere with your iriends and take thissafe medicine. Throat and lung troublesjind quick relief and health returns. Its help in ccrghs, colds.iip,crc up, whooping cough and sore lungsmik-i it ;i positive ble'sbing. 60c andSI. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Oberdorfer.SmoKe Nuisance."Mother, wbat is a smoke nuisance?""Your tather."Uncle Ezra Says"It don't take'more'n a gill nv effort,to git folks into a peck of trouble,"and a little neglect of constipation,biliousness, indigestion or-other liverderangement will do the same. If Ailing take Dr. King's New Life Pillsfor quick results Easy, safe, sure,and only L$q at Oberdorfer's.Woman fTAKE1ARDUI::I The Woman's Tonic isiWHttttlttilliiiitilHllttHlliitHlitVTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 22. 1912.Diamonds!We Are Showing This Spring aLarge Assortment ofDiamondPerfect, Clean Cut, White Goods in 14kTiffany Mountings, for$209 $25, $30 and $40 eachAccording to Weight See Our WindowDisplay of Same Every StoneGuaranteed.We Have Just Received a Line of theThinest WatchesMadeWith 0in or Waltham Movement for$18.50 EachThe Nobbiest and Best Watch EverSold For the Price.For Spring and EasterWear LaValliers and Drop Ear Rings, They Are inVogue. We Carry a Full and CompleteStock of these Goods at all Prices.Our Line of Wedding GiftsSterling Silver, Cut Glass and Hand-Painted Chinais Immense and Varied, and you should calland see our Stock before purchasing."THE HOME OF QUALITY."Shire & Fithian.I.Duck Eggs for SaleImperiol Mammoth ) White Pekinduck eggs,75 cents per dozen. AddressHORACE MILLER CLA.Y.19 6t Route 7, Box 5, Paris, KyRooms and Board.Desirable front rooms and board forboth ladies and gentlemen. fApply toMRS. WALLINGFOKU,Cor. Pleasant ana Duncan Avenue.HIJap ModelIs the Business.Man's Favoritewith its comforta-rble, roomy fitting-qualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression 01 gooasense.We picture the JapfModel in a soft Glazed IKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannejdleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake; but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear., 6ee. Mcf illians.Rings 11J.HORSE CLIPPINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are Drenaredto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.THEJAIR!On Friday NextIroning Boards, 41-2 feet long,48c.Sleeve Boards, 10c.Matting Rugs, fine quality,36x72, 49c.Window Shades, on heavyspring rollers, extra heavy shadecloth, 42-incheswide, 7 feet long,m white only, each 37c.Monogram or Initial WritingPaper, 24 sheets English Gingham Paper, and 24 Envelopes tomatch, all for 10c.Enamelled Steel Tea Kettles,blue and white outside, whiteinside, the size usually retailed jat 5i, here x nday at o9c.ItheIair.Blacksmith Shop for Rent.I wish to rent my blacksmith sophon Eighthlstreet.19 3t JOHN WARRING.You judge a man not by what hepromises to do, but by what he hasdone. That is the only true test.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy judgedby this standard has no superior.Ponnlo ovorvvhora onoalr rf H- inhiehest terms of praise. For sale byall dealers.Bell Completes Work Here.Mr. L. P. Bell, representing theLouisville and Nashville railroad, whoreturned to this city last week following the conference between the committee composed of Mayor J. T. Binton, of this city, John T. Collins andH. S. Caywood, of North Middletown,with Mr. J. H. Payton, assstant toPreisdent Milton Smith, to completehis work of securing options on landlying on the" right-of-way of the proposed railroad between Paris andHedges Station in Clark county, willleave today for Louivsille to make hisreport, having gone over the route andput the matter up to the properly owners, a number of whom have signedup for the right-of-way.While there are a number of landowners with whom no deals have beenclosed the result of Mr. Bell's effortshave been very satisfactory and havingmet all of the farmers along the route,it is considered he has accomplishedabout all that is possible at presentand will place the matter before theofficials of the road in a few days.According to Mr. Bell there will beonly one serious drawback and that isthe valuation placed upon tne propertyby those with whom he failed to closedeals. This matter he says will be agreat hindrance, as in his opinion theofficials will consider it beyond areasonable valuation, and the outlayof money in securing the right of waywould reach a great amount.There is but one plan suggested andthat is that the citizens of NorthMiddletown and Paris go down in theirpockets and raise the amount necessaryto secure the right of way for the roadfrom this city to North Middletown.It is safe to say the railroad companywould be willing to bear a portion ofthe burden in securing the right ofway.Mr. Bell, who has labored incessantly since his arrival here last week closed a number of options but there arestill a number open and others thatshould the road be built, court processes will be necesary. Out of a total oftnirty-seven pieces or property inBourdon county through which thesurvey extends he has secured eighteenoptions and has a favorable report tomake on a number of others for whichno deals have been made. Mr. Bellmakes the following report upon theland through which the survey 'passes.and the numbers of acrss requiredrfom each farm :B. B, Marsh, 9 3-4 acres.open ; ThosArkle, lot in Paris, closed ; Mrs. SueK. Moran, 4 3-4 acres, open; J. THinton, 9 3-4 acres, closed; GeorgeWyatt, 3 3-4 acres, closed : MillerWard, 15 1-4 acres, open ; KenneyBros., 5 3-4 acres, open; Mrs. MariaBedford, 1-2 acre, donated ; SamMackey, 8 acres, open; Dodge Bros.,2 1-2 acres closed ; W. L. Yerkes, 103-4 -acres, closed; Hal Woudford, 15 1-2acres, open; Will Bedford, 7 3-4 acres,open; Ed Simms, 13 acres, closed;Robt. Davis, colored, 3 acres, openHoward tiioDs, colored, l i-z acres,open;jonn uorn, colored, 1-4 acre.closed; Sam McClure, 1-4 acre, openPrank McClure, 1-2 acre, open ; JohnHutsell, 4 1-4 acres, open ; J. W.Wheeler, 1-4 acre, closed; MurrayStevenson, colored, 1 3-4 acres, openW. L, Stuart, 1-4 acre, donated ; Mrs.Hugh Montgomery, 2 acres, openScott heirs, 4 acres, open; J. J. Redmon, 3 1-4 acres, donated ; AndresonButler, colored, 2 acres, donated: T.J. Judy, 3-4 acre, donated ; Mary E.Goff, 4 1-4 acres, closed:; Wm. Jones.9 3-4 acreB, closed ; C. B. Chaney, 8acres, open ; W. W. Gay, 9 1-2 acres,donated, a. v. Anderson, 3-4 acresdonated: M. L. Blackwell, 2 1-2 acres.donated ; Geo. lurley, 1 1-2 acres,open ; Anne Bratton, colored, 1-2 acre,closed.un tne nasc ena or tne line and inClark county and survey pasaesthrough thirty-four pieces of propertyur cnese lvir. uen was successiui insecuring options on one-nair tne number, several person donating the rightof way through their farms. They areas follows :James Wade, donated; Mrs. Sheltondonated ; Silas Lane, donated ; SamTurley, open; John Kegley, closedMrs. Turpin, closed; John Jonesclosed; Mrs James Turley, closedMina Hall, closed- Barnett & Sonsopen; John Fraizer, etc., entailedMrs. Kindred, open;Mrs. John Burigsopen; Harvey Rogers, donated; J. CBooth, closed; J. F. Golden, openGeorge Prewitt, open4. Mrs. Skinner &Son, donated; N. B. Sledd, donatedJ. L. Lewis, donated; Ramsey Bros.open; Mrs. Jas. Poynter, closed; MissRuth Beall, open ; Speed Stevenson,open ; T. J. Rowland, open; LemonHenry, closed; Gus Mullins, open;John Martin, open; John Wilson, colored, open ; Mrs. S. Elkins, open ;Chisholm, cpen ; J. T. Raber, closed ;Kelly Duncan, closed; Mrs. Ware,open.Special Department.We have a psecial departmentboys clothing, shoes and hats inforourstore.MITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Book Bargains.Tor the next ten days we. will offerall the books in nur circulating libraryfor sale at 25 cents each. They are all$1.50 hooks and are standard fiction.Slightly worn but practically as goodas new. This is a rare chance. Callearly and get the pick.I2t PARIS BOOK CO.At Opera House Tomorrow NightAt the Pjris Grand tomorrow, Saturday, night, will be presented for therfist time in Paris the startilng, thrilling and absorbing film story in threereels and forty scenes entitled "TheThundnrbolt." Since the release ofthis wondertul picture ' only a few,weeks since it has been fthe sensationof every city fortunate enough tnsecure it for production. It ran forone solid week at a prominent picturehouse in Cincinnati, and the samehouse is now negotiating for a 'returnengagement It will be produced inParis for one night only, tomorrow,but the owner of the films havepromised a return engagement in thefuture. It is impossible in merewords to fully describe this marvelouspicture, but it is pronounced by allwho have seen it to be the limit ofperfection in the film maker's art.Two performances will be giventomorrow night at the Grand the firstcommencing at 7 :30. The price of ad-j mission will be ten cents to all partsi of the house.DEATHS.Mr. Richard T. Carter, a"ged 86years, died at bis home in CarlisleTuesday morning of pneumonia. Heis survived by his wife, one brother,0. P. Carter, of Paris, and two sons,J. R. and G. L. Carter. Funeral services were conducted at the residenceWednesday morning, by Elder W. G.Eldred, and burial in Carlisle cemetery. VMr. Ray Duvall, aged aboutthirty-two years, died Tuesday morn:ing at the home of his grandmother,'Mrs. Harriet Duvall, on Vine street.Mr. Duvall was brought to Paris abouta week ago from Huntington, W. Va.,suffering from tuberculosis. He issurvived by his wife, and father, Mr.George Duvall, of this city. Thefuneral was held yesterday morning at10 o'clock at the residence of Mrs.Duvall. Services were conducted byElder J. T. Sharrard and the burialtook place in RuJdles Mills cemetery.The pall-bearerswere Thomas Marsh,Harry Conway, Emmett Howard.Granville Denton and Ernest Hough.The remrainB of Mr. Walter b.Conway, formerly of Notrh Middle-town, this county, were brought tothis city Tuesday nignt from Cincinnati, in which city he died severaldays ago. at the City Hospital, theresult of injuries sustained from afall.The deceased waB identified throughthe efforts of Capt. Goodale. of theU. S. Army Recruiting Station, inCincinnati, who telegraphed to theWar Department for informationabout Mr. Conway's relatives. He received a reply stating that Mr. R. M.Rice, of Paris, Ky., was an uncle ofthe deceased. Mr. Rice was notifiedand he ordered the remains shipped toParis.Mr. Conway was a son of Mrs.Rhoda Conway, of Paris, and hadspent a number of years as surgeon inthe U. S. army. He was born inNicholas county and later moved withhis mother to North Middletown,where he resided for several years.The remains were taken to CarlisleWednesday where they were interredin the Carlisle cemetery, where hisfather and sister are bruied.Spring Stock.One of the most exquisite lines ofcarpets and rugs ever brought to Parisis now on display in our carpet department. From the plainest to the mostelaborate patterns The prices willsuit. You need look no further thanmy store as we are sure to please you.You are invited to call and have alook no matter whether you buyornot.J. T. HINTON.Basketball Tonight.At 8:15 this evening in the PublicSchool Gymnasium will take palce themost hotly contested game of the season. The Lexington High Schcol girlswill measure strentgh with the Paristeam. The Paris team has not lost agame this year and Lexington hasbeen preparing the whole season toplay this game having refused to meetthe Paris team early in the season.A carload of Lexingtonians will behere to encourage their team. LetParis stand by the home team, Yourpresence will greatly assist. Admission 25 cents.Shirts and Hosierv.Spring patterns in shirts, ties andhoisery atMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE'S.MATRIMONIAL.The marriage of Miss KatherineElizabeth Rassenfoss to Mr. Albert S.Lyons will be solemnized at the Catholic church in this city on Wednesday,April 24. The ceremony will beformed by Rev. Father UeBruyn.pei'2Immense Line New Wall Paper.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.THEATRICAL."A ROYAL SLAVE."With all its wealth of special scenery, goreous costumes, bright andcatchy specialties is the attraction atthe Paris Grand on Wednesday, March27. This piece, which has attainedsuch an enviable reputation and secured such a hold on the hearts of theatregoers from one end of this broad landto the other is from the pen of Mr.Clarence Bennett, author of "Thelioly City," another notable success.Mr. Bennett has located his scenesnear the City of Mexico and based thefabric of the play on events whichactually occurred during the briefregin of Maximillian. The greattreasure the secret of which was soloyally and jealously guarded by ElAguila, The Eagle, who although aserf, traced his lineage from the royalMontezumas is founded on fact. Thesuccess of this piece has been sophenomenal in America that the firmhas decided to present it next year inEngland.A spceial feature of the productionis the first appearance of "The American Chanticler Girl." Prices 25, 35,50 and 75 cents. Seats on sale atMitchell & Blakemore's.Children are much more likely tocontract the contagious diseaseswhen they have colds. Whoopingcough, diphtheria, scarlet fever andconsumption are diseases that are often contracted when the child has acold. For the quick cure of colds youwill find nothing better than Chamberlain's C JUgh Remedy. It can bedepended upon and is pleasant andsafk to take. . For. sale by all dealers.BROWN'S Q LITTLE TABLETSCores Indigestioa, Dyspepsia, HcartbursSOC PACKAGEG S. Varden & Son.IThe Newest ThingsmLadies' and Misses'New York Makers'VTailor-MadeOne-Piece DressesINow onWolf,Wile &Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.L:8SPECIALSPOR THIS WEEK:Kellogg's Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box.. .5c mNice Fresh F'gs, per lb . Sc aFancy Florida Oranges, per doz 25c WGood Quality Brooms 35 c wGood Hearth Brooms 15c wBest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50cCod Fish, per lb 1 5c mBest Grade Dried Herring 18c aMackerel, large size, 3 for 25c 2Steel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs 1 .OO wBest grade Cara-Van Coffee, per lb 30c wOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c 0We have all grades of the National Biscuit Co.'s Goods.Purity, Red Cross and 4 'Lexington Maid" Flour. HFresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed; Shipped Meats, un- 5der government inspection take your choice. JMorning Glory brand Hams and Breakfastbacon, the ?best on the market, slicecj thick or thin, without cost. J! ! ! SPECIAL NOTICE ! ! !We will duplicate Anybody's Prices,and Your Credit is Good for 30 Days. JGIVE US A TRIAL ORDER ' QA. W. COTTIINGHAM,The Up-Town Grocer, South Main St. ftBoth Telephones No. 7Matt Clay Appointed.Matt Clay, of Mt. Sterling, was appointed Insurance Commissioner Tuesday by Auditor H. M. Bosworth, RubyLafoon, of Madisonville, and N. O.Gray, of Eddyville, were appointedmembers of the Insurance Board.Mr. Clay is a brother of Will Clay,formerly Representative from Montgomery county, a candidate for Senator from the Twenty-eighth District.Mr. Lafoun opposed Mr. Bosworthjfor the Democratic nomination forState Auditor. - Mr. Gray has been acandidate ffor various (places on thestate commissions, and has been spokenof as a member of tne new PrisonCommission.John Byers, of Hopkinsville. was Hppointed State Supervisor of Rev enueAgenti.John Hauck's Bock.We have the genuine John Hauck'sbock beer on tap at all timei. Don'tforget the fact that we know how tokeep the draught beer so that.it la always fresh.19 2t ' B. WEISSBERG.IIDisplayCcJ:Chamberlain's Cough Rempdy haswon its great reputation and 'extensive sale by its remarkable cures ofcoughs, colds and croup. Ife can bedependeil upon. Try it. Sold by alldealers.State Racing Board to MeetSaturday.Secretary J. Pelham Johnson,, of tneState Racing Commission, has received a letter from Col. E. Fi Claychairman of the commission, vrho hasbeen spending the winter in Florida,.sitating that he wouldarrive home thelatter part of the week, and to call ameeting of the State Racing Commission at Lexington for Saturday, March23.Secretary Johnson will at once notify the other members of the commission and others interested in the meeting so that they will be able to attend.It ;is understood that at this meetingor the commission the question ofdates for the spring race meeting atthe Lexington, Louisville and Latoniatracks will be considered, a presidingjudge elected, and other matters ofimportance to racing in Kentucky considered.'Hi'. .-- V '4"ft4 '. 'THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH, 22, 1912m BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGDon'tPlace an order for wall paper beforeyou see our line and get our price.BORLAND.Cottage Sold.Mrs. James B. Dempey sold toMrs. William Schrote at a priatefigure a five room frame cottage onScott avenue.Fresh Vegetables.We have everything on the market.C. P. COOK & CO.Seed Potatoes.A full line of fancy Northernpotatoes. Phone us your order.seedtf SAUER.FiitvSix Sheep Burned:Fifty-six sheep were burned whenthe bam belonging to Tanner WilHon,in Clark county, was struck ;by lightning and burned ito the ground. Allthe farm equipments in the barn weredestroyed .Garden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedof all Kinds. Remember we sell onlythe kind tnat grow.5tf T. LENIHAN.Stated Meeting.There will be a stated meeting ofCoeur de Lion Commandery No. 26 thisevening at 7 o'clock. A full attendance of the members of the Commandery is requested as matters of importacne will come before the meeting.Look,-The line over.:s good and ourcheap.our cheap wall papergood wall paper isBORLAND.Locates in Paris.Mr. H. D. Shy, who has been manager of the Home Telephone Company'splant in Millersburg, has resigned hisposition and moved with his family tothis city where he will enter the U. SMail service acting as substitute lettercarrier.3c to $3.All grades of wall paper atBORLAND'S.For the Ladies.The ladies of Bourbon will miss atreat if they fail to see the beautifuldisplay of ladies shoes and oxfordsnow on display in my window.tf DAVID FELD.Field Seeds.Oats, clover, alBike and timothy,first class quality.C. S. BRENT & BRO.,22 2t Both phones 14.Rents Residence.Mr." and Mrs. John F. Davis haverented the residence of Mr. WalterClark on Fifteenth street for the summer and will take possession of theproperly on June 1. Mrs. Clark andiamily will join Mr. Clark at WarmSprings, Va., where they will spendthe summer.Easter Cards and Booklets.We have the most beautiful line ofEaster caids and booklets ever seenin this city.22 2t PARIS BOOK CO.Clip Your Own Horses.Purchase one of those celebratedStewart Horse Clipping machines thatwe have on exhibition in our southwindow. It is the best machine made.We also sharpen knives. Let us haveyour orders.13 4t LAVIN & CONNELL.John Hauck's Bock.We have the genuine John Hauck'sbock beer on tap at all times. Don'tforgot the fact that we know how tokeep the draught bfeer so that it is always fresh.19 2t B. WEISSBERG.Will Give Egg Hunt.' The Juvenile Missionary Society cfth Methodist church will give an egghunt in the lawn of Mrs. Ella Meinaugh, at the corner of Seventh andHenderson streets on Saturday, April6. Everbyody is invited to attend.An admission price of ten cents willbe charged, the proceeds to be usedfor the benefit of the Society.A Cure for Hog Cholera.If vour hoes are sick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and "curejthem. The best tarmers m rsourooncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO..Druggists.20 tfOpp. Court House, Paris.Dressed Chickens.Giveearly.in yourorder for chickensC. P. COOK & 20.Files Suit lor Damages.Mr. Charles R. Hill, of this city,filed suit this week in the JeffersonC'rcuir Court against the SouthernRailway Company for $2,999 damages.The plaintiff alleges that he took passage from Charlotesville, Va.. toLynchburg, Va.. and on account of theagentg failing to call out the stationhe wa carried some distance beyondthe town. In walking back be slippedon th snow and ice and was injured inthe back and IimDs. The accident occurred about the middle lof Januaryand as a result Mr. Hill was compelledto return to his home here to recoverfrom his injuries. At the time he wasemployed as traveling salesman fort concern in Cleveland, Ohio.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraftis visitingin Frankfort.Mr. Logan Howard is recoveringfrom an attack of grippe.Mrs. R. C. Skillman has returnedhome after a visit in Lexington.Mrs. John Davis is visiting Mrs.William Goodwin in Lexington.Mr. Boone Ingles, of Carlisle,was a visitor in Paris Wednesday.Rev. Dr. F. J. Cheek, of Danville,was a visitor in this city Tuesday.Miss 1 Gladys Ashurst is visitingher sister, Mrs. Chas. Ecton, in Winchester. Mrs. Alma S. Price, of Lexnigton,visited her aunt, Mrs. Lou Smedley,this week.Mrs. W. F. Talbott is confined toher home on Seventh street from anattack of grippe.Mrs.Kate Snodgrass, of Harrisoncnunty, ts visiting her son, Mr. E. T.Rule, in White Addition.Mrs. John Barns, of Mt. Sterling,is visiting her sister, Mrs. B. A.Frank and Mrs. Chss. Wilmoth.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot, who hasbeen suffering with a severe cold forseveial days is conisderably improved.Miss Birdie Wollstein arrivedhome Tuesday night from a severalweeks' visit in Kansas and Oklahoma.Mrs. J. W. Davis and daughter,Miss Katherine Davis, retjrned Tuesday night from Cincinnati where theyspent several days.Mr. William Meteer, who has beenvisiting Mr. and Mrs. George Claytonnear Versailles, has returned to hishome near Hutchison.Mrs. George Ellis and MissesMabel Bobbins and Bessie Talbott leftWednesday morrning for Cincinnatifor a visit of several days.Mrs. Swift Champ has returnedfrom Florida accompanied by heradughter, Miss Frances Champ, whohas been spending the winter in theSouth.Mrs. John Woodford, Jwho has beenunder treatment at a Lexington hospital for several weeks, has returnedto her home near ttiis city much improved in health.Mr. 0. P. Carter and Mrs. O. P.Carter, Jr , attended the funeral ofthe former's brother, Mr. RichardCarter, 6S years old, at Carlisle Wednesday morning.Mr. and Mrs. John H. Mason,parents of Mr. Nelson Mason, of thiscounty, celebrated their golden wedding on Wednesday, March 13, at theirhome in Montgomery county.Mrs.Jamea Ferguson who is undertreatment at a Lexington hospital isimproviang rapidly and it is thoughtby her attending physician she willsoon be able to return home.Mrs. John Gass, formerly of thiscity, who is miking her home with herdaughter, Mrs. Bowen Tate, in Denver. Col., has gone to Fresno, Cal., toreside with her son, Mr. James D.Gas, formerly of Paris.Mis. Clark Barnelt has returnedfrom a months' stay in Louisvillewhere she has been with her father,Prof. W. L. Martin who has been quiteill. Prof. Martin has sufficiently recovered to be able to return home withhis daughter and is now improvingfast,One of the most delightful programs of the club year was renderedat the meeting of the Paris LiteraryClub Wednesday afternoon. MissHutchcraft read a paper on "MauriceMaeterlink and his Conception of theDrama " "Monna Vanna" was presented by Mrs. John Davis for hersister. Miss Lockhart, who is in Flori-! da, and Mrs Harry B. Clay closed theprogramg with a review of Materelinck's inimitable production, "TheBlue Bird."Mrs. Amos Turney, president ofthe Progressive Culture Club, entertained the members and a few neighbors and friends at her home Wednesday afternoon.The club members responded to roll' -call with interesting items aboutGreeek women. The chief f eature ofthe afternoon was a - book contest,which was open to the visitors as wellas to the members. Mrs. AbramRenick, of Winchester, and Mrs. J.W. Bacon drew for the first prize, ahandsome fern, which was drawn byMrs. Bacon. Mrs. Nathan Baylesssecured the booby prize, a smallerfern. Ices and cakes were served.Thirty-five ladies responded to Mrs.Turney's invitation. When this entertainment was first planned Elder CareyE. Morgan, of Nashville, Tenn., accepted an invitation to address theclub, but owing to the continued ill-! ness of his daughter, Miss Ruth Mor-! gan, the engagement was canceled. ji Ihe following officers were electedto serve the club next year: Presi-Jj dent, Mrs. Amos Turney 'first vice I; president, Mrs. J. W. Davia . second jj vice president, Mrs. Duncan Bell ; jI secretary, Mrs. George Stuart;corresponding secretary, Mrs. PerryHutchcraft; treasurer, Mrs.C. Arns-jparger.Spring Millinery.On account of the backward seasonand the very bad weather we have decided not to hold our regular springopening until April 3 and 4. Howeverwe are now showing the most exquisite line of tailored and ready to wearhats for early spring that the Easternmarkets have ever shipped us. Theprices this year will surprise youalthough the styles are prettier thanever.19 3t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Promot oavine non - unioncompanies.tfCourt Day Dinner.The ladies of the 'Episcopal churchwill serve court Hay dinner in thebasement of the court home on Monday. April 1. The ladies have establiihed quite a reputation in the pa itfor the excellent dinners tfrey haveserved and it is safe to say their effortson this occasion will eclipse all othersRELIGIOUS.Services at ihe Epicsopal churchSunday morning at 10:45 o'clock.Wednesday .evening fat 7 o'clock andFriday afternoon at 4 o'clock.Miss Beatrice Terry has been appointed treasurer of the MethodistSunday school to fill the vacancy madebv Miss. Louie Bruer, who moves toDallas, Texas.The Ladies Aid Society of thePresbyterian church will hold an allday meet in the church Tuesday,March 26. A full attendance of themembers of the Society is desired.The Epworth League.of the Methodist church, will hold its anual Easterprayer service on Eaater morning,April 7. at 6 o'clock. This service hasbeen regularly held by the EpworthLeague for many years and has beenwell attended. Everybody is invitedto be present.Rev. E. M. .Lightfoot will be inhis pulpit Sunday morning and evening at the Baptist church. His subjectfor the morning discourse will be"How to Usr God's Great Gift." Themorning sermon will be especially forthe members of the church. At nightRev. Lightfoot will, take as his subject"Looking Backward and Forward."ElectricLight SaveYour Bill.One-HalfEdison Mazda lamps save mere thanone-half your light bill, or give youmore than twice the light for thesame money. Remember we sell allsizes for sash, at cost.PARIS GAS & ELECTRIC CO.The Best Work Harness.We think that- beyond a doubt wehave the best work harness that is onthe market. The farmers who usethem think so too. See display inSouth window.19 4t LAVIN & CONNELL."Roxie" Davis !Cbe Insurance JTgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137FOR RENT.. Cottage on South Main street containing live ronms hall and large backporch. Call E T Phone 8022 3t MISS JULIA EDWARDS.Paris GrandWed n esd ay,March"A ROYAL!SLAVE"with a New York cast in tlio l'ostpowerful and gorgeous scenic pro-Vunctions ever in the city.5 Acts 8 Big Scenes3 hours of a continues, lively,snappy, brilliant show.EXTRA FEATURE SEEThe GreatVolcano.The Palace ofthe King.The Floating Island by Moonlightand the most elaborate and Awe-InspirThe American"CliANTECLER"ingMARINESPECTACLE 1PRICES: 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c.Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore's-READ ALL OP THIS.In order fcc fully serve thepeople the Bourbon Bank &Trust Co.. Paris, Ky., has added a Trust Department to theiralready successful banking business. This bank has a record of 25years of clean and profitablebusiness success, having paid itsstockholders without interruption for 21 years a dividend of 8per cent, annually, and abovethat has placed nearly $50,000to account of surplus and undivided profits. In other words,in this 25 years the BourbonBank & Trust Co. has earned(net) about 1215,000 above expenses and taxes on $100,000 ofcapital stock. Don't you thinkit; would be a good business proposition for you to have theBourbon Bank & Trust Co. tomanage your estate after" yourdeath? Also act as guardian foryour children?Remember these points:The Bourbon Bank & TrustCo. is not liable to sickness oideath, and will always be onhand to attend to the businessconnected with your estate.Having a permanent office andofficers being always on hand,business of your estate will bepromptly and efficiently attended to.$247,000.00 protection againstpossible loss.Spring Millinery.On account of the backward seasonand the very bad weather we have decided not to Hold our regular springopening until April 3 and 4, Howeverwe are now showing the most exquisite line of tailored and ready to wearhats for early spring that the Easternmarkets nave ev6r shipped us. Theprices this year will surprise you although the styles are prettier thanever.19 3t MRS. CORNE W. BAIKD.Eggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, $2 to 3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St., Paris, Ky.WANTED.By experienced man, position onfarm as overseer or to raise crop onshares. Apply at this office.AFULL LINEOFFLASHLIGHTSALL SIZES85c to $1.50DAUGHERTYBROS. 'f .T- ' - . -mmSIDress GoodsWe are ready with- the goods all the new weaves inWhip Cords, Serges, Suitings, etc., in Cream, Tan, Grey,Navy, Black, etc.SilksThe most complete line we have ever shown in Messalines. Changeable Taffetas, Surahs, Foulards, etc. All thenew Spring colorings. 'Snpriak 27"in- Brocade Silk Mulls, 25c yd.ypnaia 36-in. Messaline, Fancy and Solid colors, $lyd..Dress Trimmings, Laces, ButtonsWe have the largest line in this part of the State. Anythingthat's new we have.. All the new drop, fringes, bands,&c, &c.Come let us show you.W. EdALWAYS THE NU.Agent Butterick Patternsii1 CC 3 WiMl J7CUlUNFor Friday and Saturday"Country Club" Eaper CakesWe will place on safe Friday and Saturday200 fresh Country Club Layer Cakes, following varieties:IIChocolate,Ice-Cream,Vanilla,On accountofthe popularity of these Cakesthe demand is great, so we advise you toplace your order early.FEE'SLj9eaA (People.:-777. y rtame is "jCoxl." o9've had long. epeAience in Xrxiying. fxLrniiAe and hing.s foA hehome.have a yoking. fAiend he name of!."CLmy" who wan6 me o keep heA posed onwheAe o iray hina.6 for her home.Vhlle q9 am alro-a i a9 miah as well piJbI LA h my leeAs in yoitr papeA here. haire no,' seAeA. j) will eJl yo-u los of hiny.& Yioiah o know alroxi fvrni&hina yoi r hT6m e?'.' See my leeAs o "Cimy" each week.&eliese me,Sfiaihixlly yoixA-s,JCoxl. v1J. T. HintonTucker !iIIRibbon,Caramel,Lemon.IIV- ' .THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 21, t9I2.SNAIL'S TRIP ON RAZOR EDGEScientist Makes Interesting DiscoveryWhile Studying Mollusk's Methodof Locomotion.Bovrbon Garage & Supply Co.Read what Cardui didFaribault. Minn. She says:for Miss Myria Engler, of"Let me tell you how muchgood .Cardui has done me: As a young girl, I always hadto suffer so much with all kind of pain. Sometimes, I wasso weak that I could hardly stand on my feet I got abottle of Cardui, at the drug store, and as soon as I hadtaken a few doses, I began to feel better. ,VULCAN cS-PLOWSVulcanEVANS VI LLE,Today, I feel as well as anyone can."3 M't TheTAKEURDU!The.WomaifsTonieAre you a woman?Then you are subject to a largenumber of troubles and irregularities, peculiar to women,which, in time, often lead to more serious trouble.A tonic is needed to help you over the hard places, torelieve weakness, headache, and other unnecessary pains,the signs of weak nerves and over-work.For a tonic, take Cardui, the woman's tonic.You will never regret it, for it "will certainly .help you.Ask your druggist about it. He knows. He sells it.Write to- Lsdses Advisory Dept.. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chaftanoogo. Tcnnfor Special Instructions, and 64-page book. " Home Treatment for Women, sent free. J 53Oofthin' QeparfcmenS:"When photographing the snail,"writes Professor Ward in the Strand,"I was surprised at the fact that eventhe rough cut edge of a sheet of glasspresented no difficulties to its locomotion; its even pace was continuedin spite of the fact that the sharp corner appeared to he penetrating itsbody. There, too, we have exhibitedthe animal's delicate sense of touch,and, this led me to make a further experiment. "After I had placed the snail on thebutt of a razor's blade it slowly movedalong the back of the blade and thenclimbed completely over the sharpedge, the razor being in excellent condition. As the successive wavesbrought the fore part of its foot nearthe edge of the blade its head washeld low. down, and the lower andshorter pair of feelers nearly touchedthe blade, as if feeling the way."At the moment when the sharpedge was reached the small feelerswere fully extended toward it, and3ust at the very instant wnen l expected to see them cut off they wereboth instantly retracted. They werelittle more than a hair breadth away,and though the lower feelers possessno eyes, yet by their sudden movement I was quite convinced that thesnail at that instant recognized danger. "Still the foot traveled on, andslowly the snail dragged its wholeweight of exactly one and a halfounces over the edge, later moving toward the butt and remaining perfectlyunharmed. The species experimentedwith was the Roman cr edible kind,which accounts for its comparativelylarge weight, it being the largest ofBritish snails."Well Finished, Strong, Durable, Light Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and is theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, Price Second.Genuine Plows and Repairs for Sale Only byI Bourbon Garage & SupplyCor, 4th and High Sreets-.to irans, iLeirqUGKAll the Latest Ideas inNow On DisplayH LWOLLSTEIN HClothing and Shoe Department. :L. N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo.341342971040373123326259138385393083231FROMAtlanta, Ga.. Daily 5.21 amLexington, Ky., Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.... 7.35 amMavsviiie, uaiiy except ounaay 7.38 am-Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., DBily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville. Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pmLexineton. Kv.. Dailv .3.34 nm i transport and hotel expenses absorb-Knoxville'.Tenn.. Daily 3.25 nm ! ins: 45.000. The choir has sung toMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pmCincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 nmLouisville & Frankfort. Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily 6 05 pmCincinnati, O., Daily '. 10:50 pmNEW RACE NEAR THE POLEExplorers Steffansson and AndersonFind Men With Red Eeards inVictoria Land.Tidings of a hitherto unknown racehae been received in dispatches fromStefansson and Anderson, who areconducting an expedition in the farnorth. ,The strange race was located inVictoria Land, north of Cape Bexley.One theory of their origin is thatthey may be descendants of an ancient Icelandic colony from Greenland. Of unusual interest is the factthat the natives bear names that canbe translated into English, suggestingthat survivors of the Franklin expedi-Your Money Back for the AskingYou Promise Nothing.We are so confident that we can !furnish relief for indigestion that we (promise to supply the medicine free of!all cost to every one vho uses it Iaccording to directions who is rot Iperfectly satisfied with the results, jWe exact no promises and put no one J, under any obligation whatever. Surely Inothing could bu fairer. We are located right here where you live, and ourreputation should be sufficient assurance of the genuineness of our offer.We want everyone who is troubledwith indigeation or dyspepsia in anyform to come to our store and buy abox of Rexall Dyspepsia Tablet?.Take them home and give them areasonable trial, according to directions. If they don't please you tell ustion may have lived among them.They have some Scandinavian char- J and we will quickly return your money.They have a very mild but poistiveaction upon the organs with whichj tney come in contact, apparently aci. ing a a regulative tonic upon trie re. laxed muscular coat of the bowel, thusovercominir weakness, f and aidititr torace as it exists today had ever seen , restore the bowels to more vigorousacteristics and are different from any .other American aborigines. Two of 'them wore beards of a reddish color Iand all had light eyebrows. Nothinglearned from them indicated that theCHICAGO, ILL, CINCINNATI, 0.,COLUMBUS, 0., - CLEVELAND, 0.,DETROIT, HICH-3 TOLEDO, 0.,AND ALL POINTS NORTH.ATLANTA, GA.,DALLAS, TEX.,BIRMINGHAM, ALA.:CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,JACKSONVILLE, FLA.,NEW ORLEANS, LA., KN0XVSLLE, TENN., SHREVEP0RT, LA.,AND ALL POINTS SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.GALVESTON, TEALL POINTS3SiEASILYREACHEDVIA THE THROUGH CAR SERVICE OF THEFOR FARES AND ALL OTHER INFORMATION, CALL ON OR WRITEH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 10 1 E. Main St., - LEXINGTON, KY.W. A. BECKLER, General Passenger Agent, - CINCINNATI, OHIO.a white man.The courier who first went forwardto parley with them almost lost hislife, when a native attacked him witha knife. Friendly advances were finally successful, and by means of thesign language and the assistance ofnative guides communication was held.The race was an aboriginal onecalled A-ku-li-a-kat-tag-mi-ut. It hadbeen believed that the territory wasuninhabited.and healthy activity. Three sizes, 25cents, 50 cents and $1. Remember youcan obtain Rexall Remedies only atour store The Rexall Store. G. S.Varden & Sen.Tour of an English Choir.We have at least one "big thing" toour credit that America has not so faraccomplished. The Sheffield Choir,now singing in Australia, representsthe biggest touring musical enterpriseon record.It numbers 230 all told, and whenthey return to Yorkshire in a fewweeks hence they will have covered33,000 miles in seven months. Thecost of the tour vill be 60,000, theTrains ID e -partNo.U4294010137373313362625TOamamamair.amCincinnati. O., Daily : 5.28Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday s.20Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday S.20Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amKnoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 aniJacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 amMaysville, K., Daily 12.05 pmCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.01 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 Drn38 Cincinnati, O., Daily ...3.40 nm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5 59 nmLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pniCincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday fi.15 pm.Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pmLexington, K., Daily o.5o pmAtlanta, Ga., Daily IO.57 p39328303113jf IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains Arrive 'NP FROM 1 - l2 " Frankfort, Ky. , Daily Except Sund a -. ! . 8. 134 Efknkfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .3.40-8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 5.50Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only 10.00Trains De;psirtKo TO '161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 7.10 am7, Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday.., 7.43 am- W anKtorc, iiaiiy Jwccepj gunaay..... . og3 ami .She Because I can't'keep It put fi-t3Fxankfort, Kyjf Dariy. Except Sunday,. ..v. MMmW hrfTfffifc -iffig fampmpmpmcrowded audiences in Canada, NewZealand and Australia, and if the receipts are equal to the expenses thepromoters will be satisfied. Theyoungest member of the choir is aboy of 19, the oldest a man of 72.Three of the choristers are circumnavigating the globe hatless. LondonChronicle.Unknown Lower California.The interior of Lower California istoday nearly blank on our maps andis possibly less well known from ageographical and a geological standpoint than any other region of equalarea in North America. The Mexicangovernment has at last begun a thorough exploration of this terra incognita. During the last autumn the InstitutoGeologico equipped four parties, eachcomprising two geologists, to explorethe northern part of the peninsula.The work will be extended to thesouthern part this year ScientificAmerican.The Tramp's Excuse."You seem to be an ablebodied man.Why don't you get work instead of,begging for a living?""I can't find anything to do in myline."'"You can't?""No. I'm a lightning calculator byprofession, and the adding machine;:put me out of business."The Farm Special Train.The Agricultrual train which is being prepared by the College of Agriculture of the State University andtheS tate Department of Agriculture! at Frankfort, to be run over the va-tious road of Kentucky, will be one ofj the best educational opportunities thatI has ever been offered to the people ofKentucky.Betides the two living cars whichwill accommodate the thirty or morepeople who will compose the staffthere will be six cars devotpd to thevarious lines of agriculture, fitted upwith exhibits illustrative of the topicsof the lectures. To give an index asto the makeup of the exhibits, the following may be mentioned: Grain andforage crops for Kentucky ; improvedfarm implements, enlarged photographs, teaching lesson in agriculture ;scores of agricultural charts, live stockof various kinds, illustrations of thework of the college, printed bulletinsregarding free courses, samples ofsoils and- fertilizers, spraying outfitsfor orchards and gardens, completelyequipped dairy, work of insect andfungus pests and devices for their destruction, rations suitaole for variousclasses of live stock, scores of fowls ofall types, incubators, brooders, andpoultry supplies, domestic science carfully equipped, large variety of agricultural bulletins and many otherinteresting things too numerous tomention.There will be lectures upon all subjects pertaining to the farm, dairy andrural hemes. The specialists from theCollege will treat the various linesof agriculture that pre to be presentedand their Work will be supplementedby the services of some of the mostwidely known authorities in the United States.Special attention should be called tothe women's work which will occupyone entire coach. This will be incharge of some of the best knownauthorities in the country on homeeconomics in all its branches.Literature on the topics treated willbe given away to -those interested inany particular subqject.The day and hour at which this trainwill arrive at your station is printedin this newspaper, special notice hav-been sent from heacquarters.T. R. BRYANT,Supt. Extension Division.Ky. Agricultural EpV Station.For Cause.He Why are- you always throwingyour money in my face?I New Spring GoodsATTWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MainGinghams,White Goods,Percales,Piquas, Poplins,Linens,Dress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Dresses,Waists, Etc.ing, FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and sale.barn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession given?Jan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198." J. H. BUTLER.'12 tf ,??ris Kv-Big Lot of Tobacco Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup. Canker,sss.srx Diarrhoea and all Diseases of PoultryMiss Katie Bryant, Bardstown, Ky., says: "I havs used Recipe 4-11-44 for years and think it the bestpoultry remedy made. 1 1 cures capes and limberneck without faU."Will Coomes, Bardstown, Ky., says: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the chick instantly. Itis the best preventive I have ever used."Mfg. and Guaranteed by J. Robt. Crume, Bardstown, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists." SOLO BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.THE' BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 21, 1912.Job Printing)WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B R0OffiS OFTHEBHRBNNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asRIIIHFAIYQLETTERHEADS,CARDS,,CATALOGPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,iven prompt attention.oriLet us 1 figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see. themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Che Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and made,known on application.ViiimuiiuuumEkci if ma lata it axn. All n : .. ' :h YP N S Al II 15-1 1 1 SS IN ROBES AND SANDALSill (U Lnuuup .Agrarian Reforms Have BroughtPeace to Peasants. ..Vlillions Now Possess Farms Socialistic and Revolutionary AgitatorsVainly Appeal to These Contented Yeomen.St. Petersburg. Agrarian reformbegins to bear good fruit, a correspondent writes. It was the greatestwork of Peter A. Stolypin, premier ofRussia, whom Dmitri Bogroff assassinated in the czar's very presence at agala performance in the Municipal theater at Kiev last September."While quelling a bloody revolutionStolypin brought about a peacefulone," say those today who were thepremier's bitterest enemies.His great plan of letting the peasants hold land in perpetuity, whichStolypin inaugurated in 1906, has given land of their own to 32,000,000 peasants; they possess 3,000,000 squaremiles in European Russia and 7,500,000 square miles in Siberia. And theface of the land has been changed.The peasant now lives on his propertyinstead of miles away, as under theold communal system, when all theland was redistributed every threeyears.Besides, the owner works intensively now, for he takes pride in his land.Here again Stolypin's far-seeing braincame into play. He planned thatmujik should be a speculator in theworld's grain trade. He opened hundreds of farming schools and hundredsmore are being, founded. Besides,Stolypin arranged that money shouldbe advanced to the peasant farmer atlow rate of interest, Ay2 per cent.something unknown here hitherto.The imperial bank builds granariesand keeps the peasant informed ongrain prices by posting official quotations several times a week in railroadstations, inns and markets. Co-operativestores have been opened in themarkets; the peasants can buy agricultural machines on easy terms;mechanical experts give instructiongratis to farmers who desire it.The results are as obvious as beneficent. A sturdy, hardworking yeomanclass is slowly but surely growing inRussia; this in six years, and the planwill not be worked out completely forseveral years more. The fact is becoming clearer and clearer that agrarian reform has done more to calmRussia than all the repressive dictatesfrom the city. Socialistic and revolutionary agitators have- no successwhere the mujik owns his land, because it is all he really cares for inthis life and once he has it he willrun no risks.A tremendous outcry against Stolypin arose when he set this work onfoot; all political parties ridiculed andabused it. He never could have carried it out had he not interested thedowager empress in it.Leap Yearby ProxyAIR MACHINE SAVES MANYPersons Resuscitated by Use of thePulmotor Government AdoptsApparatus.Washington. Thousands of liveswill be saved in the future in the opinion of the bureau of mines officials bymeans of the pulmoter, an oxygenpumping apparatus with which the bureau's workers duriDg the last yearhave restored to life more than thirtypersons who had ceased breathing. Bymeans of the lung filling and emptying machine used" by the bureau oxygen is forced in, the poisonous gasesdrawn out and normal breathingstarted. The machine acts automatically, any effort on the part of the individual hindering rather than helpingit.In, drowning cases, gas poisoningand electrocution accidents, there willbe many revivals, it is believed, bythe prompt use of the oxygen device.Hundreds of inquiries have reachedthe bureau of mines from hospitals,physicians and municipal authorities,asking about the value of the machine.An official of the bureau said thatto his opinion the time was near whenevery police patrol would be equippedwith one of the machines.COW BREAKS BUTTER MARKNew Champion, Clothide II., Produces1,277 Pounds in Year From 25,000Pounds of Milk.Newton, N. J. The world's recordfor butter production in a single year,held so long by Colanitia, a Wisconsin Holstein cow, has been broken byClothilde II., an eastern cow of thesame breed. The new champion hasjust completed her year's test, and,according to the official figures, produced in 365 days, 1,277 pounds of butter from 25,000 pounds of milk.It takes an exceptionally good cowto make 106 pounds of butter in amonth, even in full flow, but here is acow that hasj averaged that amountfor twelve months in succession.Securities Are Ironed.New York. Officers and clerks ofthe United States Life Insurance company have finished literally ironingout $3,000,000 worth of wet securitiestaken from the Equitable building. Notone bond was injured.. Leaves $200,000 to His Widow.Alhambra, Cal. The will of DanielA. Ross, Bay City, Mich., lumberman,who died here, leaves his fortune of$200,000 to his widow . "because toe,owed his success to her."(Copyright, xgix, by Associated Literary Press)"I'm never going to get married,"said Kitty to her Aunt Katherine."Aunt Katherine, who was verytall and beautiful, and who was always dressed in sweeping blackgowns, looked at Kitty severelythrough her gold lorgnette."And you are 20?" she asked."Men aren't worth botheringover," said Kitty. "Now, there's Rodney Hodge. He's the only man whowill be at the dance, tonight who isreally worth while, yet I wouldn't beafraid to say that, he'll never propose." Aunt Katherine lighted the candlesover the fireplace. It was one of herfads to spend the evening by candlelight. Electricity was for the mob,she said."Why should you care?" she asked,"what Rodney Hodge. does? You arenot in love with him, are you?"Kitty composed herself. Well, yousee, I could be in love with him," shesaid sagely, if he were not such aclam. "He's soso fine, Aunt Katherine." "Yes, he is fine," said the olderwoman.Kitty's little face was very gravenow, and her little hand was laid inearnestness on Miss Severance's knee."And so," Aunt Katherine finishedfor her, as she took the little handin her firm clasp, "and so, my littleKitty, if you were a man and RodneyHodge were a girl, you would askRodney to marry you?""Yes," Kitty whispered."Then why not ask him anyhow?" said Aunt Katherine.Kitty gave her a startled glance."Why Aunt Katherine " she stammered, "you don't mean ""It's leap year.""Oh, I knew you were joking."Kitty's voice had a note of reliefin it.She changed the subject after that,and Kitty went off to her leap yeardance happily.Miss Severance sat long by the fire,then she picked up the receiver ofthe telephone and gave a number.When the answer came, she said: "Isthat you, Bronson? This is Katherine Severance. I want to ask you tocome and see me. Yes, tonight.Yes it's important. You will? It'svery good of you. At nine, then?"She paced the room restlessly, asshe waited, and when her caller came,a gray-haired, stately man, she welcomed him with a laugh that wasslightly nervous,"It's about Kitty," she said. Shewas seated in a high-backed chairwhich gave her a queenly dignity. "II want to make a sort of leap yearproposal by proxy, Bronson."He looked at her keenly. "Youmean Rodney?" he asked."Yes. Kitty likes him and I thinkhe loves her. He did years ago. Butbut he hasn't asked her to marryhim.""And he will not!" sternly."Why not?""He shall not suffer as I have suffered," was the quiet answer. "Youknow how I staked all my happiness,Katherine, on your answer years ago,and you know, too, that I lost. I willnot have my boy hurt in a likefashion.""Kitty is sweeter than I," saidMiss Severance, "and I think shecares.""No one could be sweeter than youwere," the old man turned on herfiercely, "until you learned to breakmen's hearts.""And to break my own," saidKatherine Severance.Out of a deep silence he asked:"Then you, too, have suffered?""Yes. Do you remember a leapyear dance and a girl all in white,with silver slippers and a rose in herhair?""You," he breathed."And she made up her mind thatshe would tell the man whom once shehad spurned that she had changedand and that he was the only manin the world for her. But she wasproud and she could not, for hegave her no opening and, after all,she was a woman and a woman cannot woo.""Katherine," he said, and his voicebroke; "dear girl, if you had spoken,how much of happiness life wouldhave held for us."And tonight when Kitty went toher leap year dance, all the pastrolled back on me and I wanted herto be happy with a man like you.It is too late now for us but surelythey"He laughed like a boy. "Too late?Why, how old are you, Katherine?""Forty.""And I am fifty-two. And we'reyoung, dearest. And the world is before us. Do you think Kitty andRodney are the only ones in theworld who can live and love?"He took her hands masterfully inhis. "Look at me, Kate," he said,"and tell me if you want to leaveall the happiness to Kitty?"That night when Kitty came homeshe was radiant"Aunt Kate," she cried, as heraunt, wrapped in .a white silk kimono, met her at the top of the stairway, "I'm the happiest woman in theworid.""No," said Aunt Kate, mysteriously, "you're not the happiest. Because there are others."Men and Women Try to Look Alike inLondon's Latest Freak ClubMembers Are Writers.London. The latest freak club inLondon is called the Ethna. It hasrooms on a street just off Piccadilly,and xhere its men and women members meet for intellectual converse.The rule of the club demands that fthere shall be as little distinction inthe dress and appearance of the mem-ueis as pussiuie, anu oom men anawomen don long flowing white garments of sacklike shape and sandalsbefore they enter th dimly lightedrooms of the club. Most of the menare clean shaven and a few of the women have short hair, while those whohave long hair twist their locks abouttheir heads as tightly as possible.No introductions are ever made.Any member is permitted to talk toany other and to talk freely and openly on any subject. The object of theclub is to foster free discussion between men and women. Visitors areoccasionally allowed, but they must ofcourse wear the flowing robes andsandals.The membership is very limited, anda positive requisite is intellectualwork of some sort. Most of the members are writers, others are interestedin social problems and work on committees, while still others are members of the great band of men andwomen in London who seem alwayson the outlook for the very latest thingin fads and fancies.MAN'S DEBT TO PQSTEHTfHsalth, Strength, Vigor,. Vitality.Tha BOOK OF TO XMcurwgSIXCE1352.BRITISH TO ABOLISH BANDSKNOW YOURSELF!A Eiacon Light for Every 2Xan. Frroby mail, sealed, to those enclosing Ten Cent inBtamps. for postage, etc. Worth its weight in soulto any discouraged, suffering man. This book contains vital facts on acute and chronic diseases. including Nervous and Physical Debility. ExhaustedVitality, Atrophy, Varicdcele and all Dheawi nadDebilities of Men from whatever cause; how produced, how cured; also Blood Poison, its terribloresults; its conqueror by medical Bciencein its .latest and most remarkable victory. Prof.Erlich'aGerman Discovery (The "60") which pulls thefang3 of this awful malady, making it quickly aaJeasily curable. Write for it today. ,Address DR. DOI1E IKSTITVTZ.323 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, OU.Don't give up hope until you have seen oldDr. Dolle. lie will give you FREE a thoroughexamination, and will tell you the Truth.Consultation Free and confidential at ofiaco or, byletter. For Twenty Years Men have been coaamgfrom all over the middle west to be cured by !Dr. Dolle, who sees and treats all patiaatapersonal! j-.Low Round TripHeavy Expense Main Reason ThatMusical Part of Military, ForceWill Be Dropped.London. The British army withouta brass band such is the dolefulprophecy of the Pall Mall Gazette. Itsays that a definite proposal has beenbrought forward that all the brassbands of the army except those ofthe guards regiments, shall be abolished, and that the sole music provided for the future shall be that of thedrums and fifes and bugles, with thepipers for the Scottish regiments.Some years ago fresh regulations!were made as to the maintenance ofregimental bands. The cost of themfell entirely on the officers. The newregulations threw some of the expenseon the public purse. But even now itis considered that in a modern, business army the officers should not beliable to this kind of expenditure.Every officer today has to subscribeone day's pay a year to support hisregimental tfand; and that does notcover all his expenses in the matter.Take the case of the Royal Artillerybsjnd. The public grant is $4,500 ajyear, and the officers of the regimentare called upon to provide a furthersum of some $15,000 annually to maintain their splendid string band.RATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, :New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana. Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in FlGrida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For f urther information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A. 'KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route"HourlyHigh Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfojcfcDivision.BE&GAR SAVED UP $50,000Found Dead in Hovel, Sullivan Hadf Bequeathed $5,000 to aSister in Utica.uSan Francisco. Michael F. Sullivan",a beggar in San Francisco, for the last35 years, was found dead in his hovelwith bank notes showing over $50,000to his credit in several local financialinstitutions.Coroner's deputies who searched theroom found a will, hidden underneatha mattress, wherein Sullivan bequeath- jed $5,000 in cash to his sister, MaryA. Sullivan, of Utica, N. Y., "becauseof her kindness to my mother at thej.time of her death." The remainder of jhis fortune shall be placed in trust,the interest to be delivered to his sis-;ter every six months, according to thedocument. When she dies the sum jmust be divided among other heirsunder the laws of this state.Sullivan lived by begging fruit. Tenyears ago he was arrested as a va-;grant. Then he possessed $25,000, according to detective James Mackey, jthe arresting officer on that occasion.CHRIST'S SHOP IS FOUNDExcavations at Nazareth Also Said to 'Have Revealed Church Built bythe Crusaders.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a.m. until 8 p. m.,.and at 10 p. m., the last car going:only as far.as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. m., and ab 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,'Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30;a.m. until 7:30 p.. m., and at 10:30p-;m., the last car going only as faras LexingtonGEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.C-irs leave Georgetown for Lexington;and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until (5:45 p. m., and 8:05 and10:05 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. m..until 7 p. in. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 pm. and at 9:30 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:1s a.m. until 2:15 p. m. and 10:15 p. m.London. A special dispatch published in the Pall Mall Gazette reportsthat excavations at Nazareth, thehome of Christ in Palestine, have revealed an eleventh century Crusaders'church with wonderful mosaics, stonedoors and utensils and exquisite ornaments. It is also said that another important discovery is believed to be thesite of the carpenter shop of Joseph,the father of Jesao. The church is nowbeing uncovered.The message says that, according tothe researches, of the most learned explorers, the church was built by thefirst Crusaders &t this hallowed spot,and it afterwards fell into the handsof the victorious Mohammedans.The monks of the Franciscan orderpurpose to build a temple on the spot.Daily Fast Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones: Old Phone 309, NewPhone 309.Queen Crescent Route.i Reduced fares to Cincinnati and reI trun account World in Cincinnati," ai missionary exposition of interest, to, all. Tickets on sale March 11 to 13.j inclusive; 18 to 20 inclusive; 25 to 27,! incluisve; and April 1 to 3, inclusive;, good returning within four days including date of sale. Apply' to nearestticket agent Queen & Crescent routeI for full information.Used Piano for Bed." Philadelphia. Ralph Bechtel, an oldtime actor, known on the stage asJack Meyers, was found dead in bed.The gas jet was turned on, but all indications point to an accidental death.Bechtel was employed as a scenepainter.Bechtel, like many okl-tiro actors, had peculiarities. Wl.-.oi taerewas a brass4bed in the house he preferred to sleep on top of the piano inhis parlor. Under his pillow wasa sword used by him the first tinie heappeared on the stage.But You Can't Make 'Em Resign.Whenever anything disturbing happens in a European country the cabinet resigns. In America the cabinetmerely declines to be interviewed.Louisville Courier-Journal.; Rabbit Fur for Felt Hats.j Rabbit fur has supplanted wool in.-:', felt-hat making in Sydney, Australia,; where 32 factories are in operation.I The fur is considerably superior" to: the finest merino for this purpose, andI millions of rabbit skins are used aninually. It takes the fur of about six; average skins to make a fur-felt hat.'j In one factory the consumption off skins ranges'" from 25,000 to Sfl.OOO'perjweek. NTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, "MARCH 22,, 1912.J rFOR SALE., Three houses in Henry Addition andone lot located near Main street inBarnes Addition and facing on Barnesavenue. Very desirable for railroadmen. .Cheap if sold at once.WHITE VARDEN,Home Phone 125 or at Postoffice.DAN COHEN?!UUALI I ISTYLEECONOMYOur Footwear WillSuit You In TheseThree Respects.ifcjSbMI If you want full value, visit ourstore and we will convince you ofthe great money saving opportuInities our store affords you.We now have some exceptionalgood values inI Women's, Misses'and Children's1 SPRING STYLES,I In Pumns. Shoes and Oxfords.I which we will place on sale thisweek.Advanced Spring specialsLadies' Pumps and Oxfords inSatin, Gun Metal, Tan and Velvet,S1.99We just received a great shipment of Misses' and Children'shigh-grade Spring Shoes in plainand fancy leathers, which we willalso place on sale at a bargain.White Shoes For Spring Are It.We have the best assortment of Shoes and Oxfordsn White Buck and Canvas at popular prices.DAN COHEN,i35t3 iviain 9.9 taris, tvy. mImprovement League to Meet.The School Improvement Leaguewill meet at two o'clock Saturdayafternoon at the court house. Officersfor the ensuing year will be electedand other important matters will bediscussed.Spring Suits.Buy your'spring suit fromMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.1MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Mr. George Howaid continues toimprove.Mrs. M. R. Collier and Mrs. M. J.Caldwell are among the sick.Mr. Poe, residing on the farm ofmi a. r imiuuio, jo uuuiisany in Willi jpneumonia.Mrs. J. W. ;Mock left Thursday tovisit her grandafthe'r, Mr. Carr, atCarr's Landing.Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Carpenter leftMonday for a week's sojourn at DryRidge Springs.Mrs. J. B. Gray was the guest Wednesday of her brother, Mr. E. B. Current, at Lexinton.Services Sunday morning and eveningat Presbyterian, Methodist and Christian churches by their pastors.Mrs. E. C, Hawkins spent Wednesday and Thursday with her parents,Dr. and Mrs. Thompson, at BiueLicks.Miss Lydia Brown was summoned toCynthiana Wednesday on account ofthe illness of her nephew, GordonBrown.Mesdames T. H. Pickard, LydiaMorton, Georgia Judy and Harry Kin,of Carlisle, were guests Thursday ofMrs. T. D. Judy.Mrs. Anna Jefferson moved Wednesday from the rooms of Mr. A.J. Thaxon on Sixth and Main street to theStirman House.Miss Louise Myall, accopmanied byher aunt, Mcs. 0. M. Johnson, andMrs. C. B. Smith, attended the funeral of her mother, 'Mrs. Mary Lou Myall, at Paris, Tuesday afternoon.'Mr. Estill Curtis, of Brooksville,was the guest of his hrother-in-law,Mr. E. B. Taylor, Monday. He wasenroute from Georgia where he hadbeen to dispose of a carload of horses.FOR RENT My farm on the SteelFord pike, consisting of 75 acres withgood residence and outbuildingsThirty acres for corn and tobacco, therest in grass. Possession given atonce.MARTIN BOWLES.Miss Sallie Mclntyre, who has sosuccessfully taught the primary department at M. F. C, for the pasteleven jeara, has resigned her positionto take effect in September. Herpatrons and many friends will learn ofthis with much regret.The Missionary Society of theMethodist church held an all daymeeting Thursday at the hume of Mrs.Mary Whaley. The meeting in theforenoon was presided over by Mrs. E.M. Thomason.in the afternoon by MissAlfa Ball. It was an interesting one.A man walked into the MitchellHouse Saturday night claiming to be arepresentative of the Courier-Journaland the Louisville Times. He had nobaggage and was rather poorly dressed. He said he was walking over (hecountry soliciting the rural routepeople. On Sunday mornin he obtained some polish from Mrs. Mitchelland arranged his toilet as neatly as hecould. Sunday afternoon he left thehouse saying he was going out for ashort walk. He has not been seen norheard of since. Of course he J eft hisbill unpaid.Spring Millinery.On account of the backward seasonand the very bad weather we haveaceided not to hold our regualr springopening until April 3 and 4. Howeverwe are now showing the most exquisite line of tailored and ready to wearhats for early spring that the Easternmarkets have ever shipped us. Theprices this year will surprise you although the styles are prettier thanever.19 3t MRS. CORNE W. BAIRD.You can say goodbye to constipation with a clear consciehce if youuse Ch iwberlain's Tablets. Manyhave been permanently cured by theiruse. For sale by all dealers.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES1 Mrs. Sue A. Talbott, of Harrisoncounty, has sold her farm on Hinkstoncreek containing nearly 34 acres toMr. O. H. Collier, of Millersburg.Price $2,572.60.Eat WhatYoa Want,DROWN'S LITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Heartburn50C PACKAGEG. S. Varden & Son.CONFIRMED PROOF.Residents of Paris Cannot DoubtWhat Has Been TwiceProved.In gratitude for relief from achesand pains snd bad backs from 'distressing kidney ills thousands havepublicly recommended Uoan's KidneyPills. Residents of Paris, who so testified years ago, now say the resultswere permanent. This testimonydoubtly proves the worth of Doan'sKidney Pills to Paris kidney sufferers.Mrs. J. T. Martin, Pleasant andEleventh streets, Paris, Ky., says:"All I have ever said praising Doan'eKidney Pills was entirely correct andconfirm my former public endorsementof this remedy. It permanently curedme of kidney trouble. I suffered quiteseverely from pains across Ithe smallof my back and in my kidneys. Thetrouble alarmed me and I tried manymedicines. I did not get relief however, until I procured Doan's KidneyPills at Wilson's drug store. Theyimproved my condition in every wayand 1 certainly can say they are areparation of merit."For sale by all dealersr Price 50cents. " Foster-Milburn Co., Buafflo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates. ,j Remember the nameDoan's andtake no other.II fc, o9PWm &LmJmr-rEx-Parisian's Good Showing.A St. Louis newspaper of rpcentissue contained the following of Mr.James 2. Chambers, formerly of thiscity, a eon of Mrs. Kate Chambers, ofParis:"The Commonwealth Trust Company bond department reports thesale of the Stephenville North andSouth Texas Railway Company bondsas being quite brisk in the Easternmarkets, they having placed over twothirds of the entire issue of $2,423,000in New York City, showing the demand in the .East for rail bonds ofthis character. The bond departmentof the Commonwealth Trust Company,which was recently organized underthe able management of Mr. .lames D.Chambers, who for five years wasmanager of the bond department ofthe Union Savings Bank and TrustCompany of Cincinnaii, has been making rapid strides, and are today in aposition to furnish bond buyers anyinformation they may desire with reference to investment securities.Secures Pardon.Governor McCreary pradoned theremainder of the jail sentence ofGeorge Gamble, convicted in policecourt in this city for carrying concealed weapons. The fine and jail sentencewas imposed by Judge E. B. Januaryand Gamble having served five daysthe official asked Governor McCrearyto pardon the remaining five days.Gamble was fined S25 and given tendays in jail. He is connected with aconstruction crew located near thiscity.Keller Not in Race.Hon. W. J. Fields, congressmanfrom the Ninth Kentucky District, hasmade a formal announcement of hiscandidacy for renomination. It ispractically assured that CongressmanFields will not have opposition, thoughthere are several counties that havefavorite sons they would like to havethe honor. During the past weekmany of the friends of Col. G. R.Keller, representative from the Robinson-Nicholaslegislative district, havebeen mentioning his name as a suitable man for the place. But it is certain that Col. Keller will not considerentering the race, as he is one of Congressman Field's strongest supportersin this election.Many sufferers from rheumatismhave been surprised and delightedwith the prompt relief afforded byapplying" Chamberlain's LinimentNot one case of rheumatism in ten requires any internal treatment whatever. This liniment is for sale by alldealers.McCreary Vetoes Three Bills.The Governor filed three vetoes yesterday, they being the amendment tothe dog tax law, and the anti-tippingbill, and the bill appropriating moneyfor the West Kentucky Industrial College for colored people, which is a private institutionJohn Hauck's Bock.We have the genuine John Hauck'sbock beer on tap at all times. Don'tforget the fact that we know how tokeep the draught beer to that it is always fresh.19 2t v B. WEIbSBEKG.Mauser is Now a Hold0ut.James Hauser, who last year was amember of the Paris team, was one ofthe most promising young pitchers inthe Blue Grass League, is a hold-out,and there is a possibility that ;he willnot return to Paris this season. Thefact that Hauser has so far failed tosign a contract has been the source ofconsiderable uneasiness on the part r,fthe local fans who looked upon him asbeing the mainstay of the Bourbonitesthis season.Hauser is holding out for moremoney according to President Bacon,and the amount he has asked is beyondthe reach of the local club. The sturdyyoung fellow was forwarded a contract some two months ago and theParis management was very liberal ingranting amincreasen his salary overlast year, but Hauser wants more andhas stated that unless his demands aremet he will remain in his home townthis season and pitch independent ball.In a letter to a friend in this city hestated that he did not intend to returnto Paris, but there is a belief that hewill reconsider and the fans hereentertain the hope that he will makeup his mind to report in time to go into training with the other members ofthe club when they arrive here aboutApril 11.Last season Hauser was regarded asthe mos promising piece of base balltimher on the Paris team or in theleague and with the substantial increase in his salary over last season itwas. the opinion of the local management that he would be one of the firstto return his contract. Being on thereserve list it will be impossible toparticipate in organized base ball unless the Paris management grants hisrelease.President Bacon, who has beenmaking an elfort to secure a catcherfrom one of the clubs higher up.statesthat so far he has not succeeded butthat the man he has in view has askedfor termB which have been forwardedhim, and he is daily expecting a reply.NOTES.All doubt as to whether Richmondwill have a team in the Blue GrassLeague this season was dispelled Saturday when it was reported that thecomimttee appointed to solicit fundswith which to Dut the team on a goodsound footing this season reported thatthe necessary $2,l)UU hart oeen raised.The fans went down in their pocketsand responded nobly to the call andnow a team is assured.At a meeting uf the stockholdersof the Winchester club held in thatcitv Wednesday night a new boa-d ofdirectors was elected and it was announced that SI, 000 had been subscribed towards financing the club thisseason. An additional S600 is neededbut it is believed this amount will beraised in a few days. It is the h( pe ofthe management to secure O. v.Moran, of Washington, D. C, to manage the team this season.Jimmy Viox, a former Colt,' is withthe Pirates in training at Hot Sprk)?3.According to reports trom the trainingcamp the little shortfielder is makinga very creditable showing.ROYALBAKfNG -7a m1Absolutely PureSks?MAKES HOME BAKING EASYLight BiscuitDelicious CakeDainty PastriesinFine Puddings fd$J t-Flaky CrustsThe only Baking Powder madefrom Royal Grape Cream of Tartarmhzfz$iWill start)(j and startsuccessCbe flgricttlturlCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00;OLD AGEWLlICIOoDTrisht 1910. by the Standard Adv. Oo.InnMSSBBmmMMi y Irff f-rrl" - r"f Tm WM MwWim W AmiP!liSi!lQuamitnpHERE are two things that permit of a man stop-I Sl!1 work, one willed and one against will.dLLumuianon or wealth permits aman to say when he will stopMJVcll'IIV,ra aemanas it.j without money anUnited States Depository for Postal Saviigs.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsI DEPOSIT BANK OF PARISCapital $100,000POWDEIa bank account here,you on the road toBank of Paris.Protection$267,500.00frfrtfrtFNOf? rYOUDGINDALONGwork. Physical incawin this demand find youhis bank?Surplus $30900O4FIi 1i1a --."