THE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1912ITailored Suits,Dresses,. Coats,For Style, Quality and 'Price, We InviteComparison ;iWaist's Master StyleHigh-GradeMillineryAtPopular PricesLThe Simon Department Store,Paris, Kentucky- - - - - ' -ried and Jound SueltjOf Selling the Most GoodsFor the Least Money.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar . $1.002 cans good Corn 15cGood Bulk Coffee, per lb 22 1 -2cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c2 1-2 lb. can Asparagus . v ...... 20cFull qt. can Karo Syrup 1 OcNew Orleans Molasses, per gal..-.. 45c8 bars Lenox Soap 25cLarge size Mackerel 1 O or 3 for 25cMedium size Mackerel 5 c3 boxes Matches 1 OcBLUE RIBBON FLOUR25-SbSack 70c50-8b Sack $ 1 .401 OO lb Sack $2.75Now, you cannot say that Paris is a high town ongrocers, for everybody is coming to Paris to trade atLenihan's Cash Grocery. They get the same goods forless money.T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234WJOur Spring SuitsFOR . ,Men, Young Men and BoysArc Now on Displayn all the Latest Cuts and a'.l the new Colorsat Prices to Suit Everybody's Pocketfaook. vYou are Cordially Invited to Inspect thisLarge Line.New Spring Hats,New Spring Shirts,New Spring Neckwear,Night Robes and Pajamasprice & 60. GiotfeSubscriptions Being Taken."'That the interest tin1 the proposedrailroad between Paris and NorthMiddletown and frpm that point toHedges Station to tap the L. & JS., isstill at its height is evidenced by thenumber of subscriptions received by acommittee composed of Messrs. D. 3.Parrish and W. 0. Hinton, membersof the City Council, and although theyhave been out but one day they havemet with every encouragement andthe citizens and business men of Parisare coming forward w.ithout hesitancyand .contributing liberally.lwar'Since it has become known that theL. & N. expectedlhe citizens of Bourbon county to assist in securing theright of way and furnish funds for thepurpose there has been much interestmanifested, and Messrs. Hinton andParrish volunteered their 'services insoliciting subscriptions.S:-3l:feConsidering the amount of time theyhave had he mater in their handstheir success has been very flatteringand they express themselves as confident a sufficient fund can be raised tosatisfy the railroad officials and todemonstrate the interest ofParis andBourbon county in the project. MayorJ. T. Hinton- heads the list with asubscription of $1,000, which he several weeks ago stated he would contribute to a fund to assist in the purchase of the right of way, ZZAside from this there have beenseveral who have contributed half thatamount and others still smaller sums,but there is a sentiment in favor ofthe proposition that bids fair to bringothers into the list with amounts thatwill bring the aggregate up into thethousands.North Middletown people are said tobe on the move and a list for subscriptions is being circulated at that pointReports are to the effect that they aremeeting with success far beyond theirexpectations. It is time for tbe business men and citizens of Paris andNorth Middletown to exert themselveswith he sole object of securing theroad which will mean so much to bothcommunities and contribute liberally.Officers Elected.The election of officers of the Bourbon Gouty School Improvement Leaguefor the coming year resulted as follows: Mr3.' James McClure, preisdent;Mrs. Albert Mitchell, first vice president Miss Lucy Simms; second vicepresident; Mrs. Lewis Rogers, secretary ; Mrs. Frank Lowry, treasurer.Miss Mabel Robbins was appointeddelegate and Miss Mary Woodford;alternate, to the State Federationmeeting t Mammoth Cave May 27Mrs. C. M. Clay was appointed delegate and Miss Lucy Simms alternateto the uenerai federation Bienniar arSan Francisco 'in June. Mrs. R. B.Hutchcraft, who is now president ofthe league will go to i,the Federationas State Treasurer, 'and Mrs. JamesMcClure will go as Mrs. Hutchcraft'sappointee.RELIGIOUS.Rev. E. M. Lightfoot will- be inhis pulpit at the Baptist fchurca Sunday morning and eveningat the usualhours.Officers Elected.At the regular meeting of theWomen's Society of the Chritsianchurch held Tuesday the followingomcers were elected ior the ensuingyear: President, Mrs. Robert Goggin;first vice president, Mrs. R. B. Hutch-craft; second vice president, Mrs.Thos. Helm Clay; third vice president,Mrs. W. R. Scott; secretary, Mra.Jos. W. Davis; treasurer, Mrs. JohnJ. McChntock.Circuit Court.The case of the Commonwealthagainst Dan Elite under indictment formaliciously striking and woundingSam Victor in Millersburg, came upfor trial Tuesday morning, resultingin the jury bringing in a verdict ofguilty. The penalty is an indeterminate sentence of trum one to fouryears in the penitentiary.The suit of William G, McClintockagainst the Louisville and Nashvillerailroad was taken up Tuesday afternoon. The suit was to recover damages for the loss of several hogs in acar which Mr. McChntock was shipping to Cincinnati, and it was allegedthat the delay in Qeliveiing the hogscaused the death of a number. Thecase was unfinished when court adjuurnea Tuesday atternoon, but onWednesday -morning the jury returneda verdict in favor of the plaintiff inthe sum of $225.50.The case of John Snyder, against theLouisville and Nashville railroad company, the trial of which was enteredinto Wednesday, was conclude yesterday morning the jury returning a verdict in favor of the defendant company.tsess uiiKey, inaic.tec Dy the grandjury at this terra 'of court for grandlarceny, was dismissed. The case cameup for trial yesterday and the evidencegiven in the case was held incompetentby the court, resulting in the indictment being dismissed at the request ofthe Commonwealth s Attorney. Gilkey,it wa3 anegea, nroKe into the grocerystore of iJruce Holladay.The condemnation suit of the L &N. railroad company on appaal againstB. B. Marsh from the lower court wasin progress when court adjourned.Kirschbaum Gothe&AJX WOOLhand TailoredUJ I . .M St.. a. uucH&iciii 1ALet Your Spring .Suit X3ome From theStore of Mitchell &1Here you will find a larger stock and morestyles to select from than other stores areshowing. The Norfolk Suit and the newEnglish Cut Sack Coat will be worn by good- ' dressers this season. We are showing thesetwo styles in Fancy Home-spuns, Scotchesand Serges.Spring patterns in Manhattan and WilsonBros.' Shirts, none better made.Stetson and Dunlap Hats in soft and stiff.We are selling more Shoes each season. TheStetson Shoe at $5 and $6, Korrect Shape $4and Dr. Reed's Cushion Soles you will findhere both in High-cut and Oxfords.Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentucky)(!girummimiiiiiMiHLmiji iiuiiiiniiiniiiiriiinniiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinjMiiniiiiiiiiiiniiiuiiiiiirgFRANK 6c C2The Store Where Reliability Reigns.Cordially Invite Your Inspection of TheirComplete Lines ofReady-to- Wear GarmentsNewest Styles inLadies' and Misses' SuitsLinen Suits and DressesSilk and Serge Dresses for Street WearLinen and Repp DressesChiffon DancingDressesReception Gowns and RobesHouse Dresses in Ginghams and PercalesSeparate Coats in Silks, Serges and LinensCome In and Take aLookClip Your Own Horses.Purchase one of those celebratedStewart Horse Clipping machines thatwe have on exhibition in our southwindow. It is the best machine made.We also sharpen knives. Let ua haveyour orders.19 4t LAVIN & CORNELL.Frank & Co.Paris, - Kentuckymmmrnw'wmwmmmmTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,. KENTUCKY, MARCH 26, 1912A Reader Cures His Constipation Try It FreeSimpla way fir any family to retain tht good btalth if all its mimbtrsThe editors of "Health Hints" and""Questions and Answers" have onequestion that is put to them more of. ten than any other, and whichstrangely enough, they find the mostdifficult to answer. That is "Howcan I cure my constipation?"T)r 'Palrlwpll. an eminent snprinlistin diseases of the stomach, liver andbowels, has looked the whole fieldover, has practised the specialty forgf forty years and is convinced that ther' ingredients contained in what iscalled Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsinhas the best claim to attention fromconstipated people.Its success in the cure of stubbornconstipation has done much to displace the use of salts, waters, strongcathartics and such things. SyrupPepsin, by training the stomach andbowel muscles to again do" their worknaturally, and with its tonic ingredients strengthening the nerves, bringsabout a lasting cure. Among itsstrongest supporters are Mr. JohnGraveline of 98 Milwaukee Ave., Detroit, Mich., and Mr. J. A. Vernon ofOklahoma City. Thousands of othersof both sexes have written to Dr.Caldwell telling of gratifying resultsIt can be obtained of any druggist atfifty cents and one dollar a bottle, orif you want to try it first a free sample bottle can be obtained by writingthe doctor.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, 111.Bourbon LaundryD AVIS & FUNK, Props.Office Opp. Postoffice.XW 'Telephone No. 4.Usm&inissitsft99Tftft. . . . . ftA r rticular bervice rorParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work-the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thorough wpainstaking work enables us fi'itn fr&h vnnr lanndrv nnt. t.hfi V?day we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris. iCenfiaokv.Vf1Loa.I he fastest Son of AUerton 2:09Sired by Allerton 2:03;, the world's leading sire of standard performers;. :.-dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam Katie.-jacKSon; Dy AimonG 33.gioicier oi world's pacing record, yz miles, 3:15 JTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING EOAL.4Peter Bif liken (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07leading"; sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner.of 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal..2(2)2.19x of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08X', Dorcas H. 2.:0 Betsy G.2:10 X, Xatherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winner 1902) , -Bessie Brown 2:12K,Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16, (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19X, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.AThe'celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season at Maplehurst Stock;Farm. TomJVIack is the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$1 2 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris, Ky,One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showing-A moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for " The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made 'extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactory.purchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.FRUIT AND SHADE TREES!Strawberry Plants, GrapeVines, Asparagus, Rhubarb, Roses, Peonies andPhlox everything for theOrchard, Lawn and Garden. Catalog free. Noagents.fl.'F. flillenmeyer & Sons,Lexington, KentuckyProfessional CardsJ J. WnLTAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.THE BOURBON NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,Publisherthe Question ol Broken Rails.Established 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Parisi Ky.,as mail matter of the second class'ADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $i.uu perinch for nrst time ; ou cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue : reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mat! er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.Tbe right, of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Tax Wealth Instead of Poverty.Dr. Wm, Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Oftipfi Phnnpq 5 . T 136.umce mones j HomeResidence E-T. 334. 'nesiaence j Home 334vShould a fiscal system which permitsthose who own 90 per cent of thewealth of the United States to shoulder but teji.per cent of the burden oftaxation be remedied. The Democratic House believes that "it should, andhence the passage of the excise income tax bill which levies a tax 'of 1per cent on incomes in. excess of $5,000a year.This does not mean that all personshaving more than $5,000 must pay atax on the excess of that sum. Itmeans that these who have an annualincome or profit of more than $5,000must pay the 1 per cent -tax on all incomes or profit exceeding' $5,000. Itwill be necessary in most cases for aperson to have a capitalized sum ofaboutS100,000 before he is called uponto pay 1 per cent tax on that portionin excss of $5,000.The standpatters, however, say thisplan is cte9 legislation. They werenever heard to complain of the preBent system of raising revenue to runthe government as being class legislation, although it is even more clasBlegislation than that proposed underthe excise income tax bill. Under thepresent system the burden falls entirely upon'.the massts, wealth alone beingthe one thing untaxed for federal revenue. The masses of the people producethe wealth and by legislative advantage a few get possession of it," andnow these few object to the transferof he tax from but one article of general consumption sugar-r-to wealth.They would prefer that the government continue to tax sugar instead ofwealth, because they eat no more sugar than the section hand or the millworker and therefore under the present system are compelled to pay nogreater tax - to the government thanthe poorest man.The United States is practically theonly one ot the great nations todaythat raises practically all its revenueby taxing the people according to theirneeds and practically according totheir poverty, and allows wealth to gountaxed.The government now raises $314,000,000 annually by placing an importduty or tariff on the things the peopleeat, wear or use. Banks, railroads andsteamship lines pay nothing becausethey do not come in through the custums houses. Mr. Rockefeller pays nomore taxes than the average citizenbecause he uses no more of the thingsthe people must have in order to livethan does the average man.If a system which requires a millionaire to pay no more tax to the federal government than the section handor the mill worker is fair and just,there is no need of reform ; but if sucha system is unjust the excise incometax bill is a move in the right direction to remedy it.The Interstate Commerce Commission has full power to investigate railroad accidents and their causes andmake recommendations. The PublicService Commissions of this Statehave similar powers, and so of theRailroad Commission of other States.If there be lacking in these bodiespower to prescribe in the manufactureof rails, there is not lacking power toexpose carelessness and neglect andfalse economy, either with railroads orrailmakersr in the purchase or conTstructinn of rails.The situation demands a sharper exercise of thia admitted power. Hardlya day now passes that does not bringa more or less disastrous accident frombreaking rails. The record for a decadeextends to above 2,000 casualties, tomora than. 100 deaths and to more than4,000 injured'.We know the cause. Railroad managers and railmakers continue to jugglewith this issue rif. death to the traveling public in a quarrel of shifting responsibility, and-accidents from snapping rails go on. We have public bod1iea clothed with ' authority to locatethis responsibility and to let the lightof publicity at least shine upon thesjot. Why are they hot bringing this,power into active exercise.You can say goodbye to constipation with a clear conscience if youuse Ch uinberlain's Tablets. Manyhave been permanently cured by theiruse. For sale by all dealers.Oldest D. A. R. in State is Dead.Mrs." Elizabeth Susan 'Switzer, agedninety-six years, died at her home nearfCynthiana Tuesdays .morning. Mrs.Switzer was Kentucky's real Daughter of the Revolution and one of theoldest women in the State.She was an active member of theSamuel McDowell Chapter, D. A. R.,of Cynthiana, and "was the honoredguest of the State conference of theDaughters four years ago. She wasborn in Harrison county, Ky., October21, 1816, and was perhaps the oldestactive member of the revolutionarydaughters in the United States.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy haswon its great reputation and extensive sale by its remarkable cures ofcoughs, colds and croup. It can bedepended upon. Try it. Sold by alldealers.Want Return of Toll Gates.A petition signed by twenty leadingcitizens of Nicholas county was published in Carilsle Tuesday calling amass meeting of the citizens of thatcounty to be held at courthouse" Monday, April 8, for the purpose of discussing the proposition of returning totoll gates on the turnpikes of the county. An investigation shows that thereis considerable toll gate sentiment inNicholas, but a corresponding opposition is also found. The cause of theagitation now is said to be the awfulcondition of some of the roads whichis said to have resulted from the heavyhauling of tobacco during the winter.Go'to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfEducational Conference.The Conference for Education in theSouth will hold its annual seEsion inNashville, Tenn., April 3, 4 and 5. Inthis conference leading educators,statesmen, editors, lawyers, etc., meetto discuss in a broad, practical waythe fundamental problems of education and life in in their application toconditions in the Southern States.Fine Beers.The best line of fancy .deer in thecity, Moerlem's ISarbarossa, and Wiedemann's bottled beer. The bestdraught beer in town, both light andbock on nap at all times. - Give us acalktf ED. SLATTERY.New York Preacher Talks AboutNext World.Old Whiskeys.Sam Clay and Vanhook made inspring of 1904 both in bulk and bottledin bond. All other first class bottledin bond goods. ChamDacne. and nilkinds of domestic wines.tf ED. SLATTERY.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices,?RoomsParis, - -Hot and GoldBATHS'Hot and coldj baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade, fo long waits You are next.M. A. KAHAL.and 5, Elk's Bld'gKentuckyFOR SALE PRIVATELY.Eight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep ; bath room, newroof, gas leading to house ; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,T. phone 45 or 364.23 tf . . Paris, Ky.DIAMOND NOTES.Frankfort fans 'are very much enthused over the prospects for theirclub during the coming season. Ameeting was held a ftw nights, agoand much enthusiasm was manifested,and all doubt removed that Franfortwill have a club in the Blue GrassLeague this year.Richmond fans have raised theS2.000 necessary to support the clubthis season and there is much rejoicing in the Pioneer town from the factthat Al Grohe, who two years agomanaged the club so successfully willagain bs at .the helm. Grohe discovered Bill Allison and Roy Golden, twoshining lights in the league, who havesince advanced to higher company,and i3 expected to have a pennantwinning bunch together when the bellCharles E. Jefferson, pastor ofBroadway Tabernacle in New YorkCity, writes in the April Woman sHome Companion a wonderfjllyinteresting article, in which he says inpart :"When one is tempted to complainbecause God does not let us know inthis world what we are going to beand do in the next, let him rememberthat it is the nature of love, to delightin the giving and receiving of surprises. Parents do not tell their children in aJvance what they are gningto give them for Christmas. By keeping their children in suspense they addto the measure of their children's joy.It is with ignorance and knowledgeintermingled that, boys and girlsawake on Christmas morning. Theydo not know what Santa Glaus hasbrought; they are sure, however, thatit is something fine. The knowledgeand the ignorance are combined insuch proportions as to create a loftyform of rapture. What delight fathersand mothers take in preparing surnrises for their children. If we arecreated in the image of God, and ifour nature is like unto the divinenature, then why should we hesitateto believe that God Himself rejoicesin surprising his children. If it. wouldmake us better and happier in the longrun to know in this world .what we aretado in the next.He would undoubtedly tell us. Our ignorance is intendedto minister to our joy. We do notknow the precise things we are goingto receive, but we are certain they aregoing to be fine. If we, being evil,know how to give good gifts to ourchildren, and understand how toarrange the giving of them in such away as to produce the highest possiblemeasure of joy, how much more willour Heavenly Father take delieht insurprising those who love him, whenthey awake on the eternal EasterHOT FLASHES.-Women in middle age often complain of hot flashes. They are at that stagaof life when their delicate organism needs a fohic and helping-hand which only Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription can give them. Many women suffer needlessly fromgirlhood to womanhood and from motherhood to old age with backache, dizziness or headache. A woman often becomes sleepless, nervous, " broken-down,"irritable and feels tired from morning to night. When pains and aches rack the'womanly system at frequent intervals, ash yozr neighbor aboutDoctor Pierce's Favorite PrescriptionMRS. J. Imhof, of S21 S. Bcntalon Street, Baltimore, lid., says: ITvrote yon about nine months ago, telling- you of my condition. I Eava afine baby sirl she weighed nine pounds when bom. She is my third .childand the strongest of them all. Uy suffering wa3 only for two hours. Itook several bottles of 'Favorite Prescription and one of Dr. PiercedSmart-Weed. I never had a well day before I took your medicines. I wa3surprised how well I felt could eat was always hungry, and never had asick stomach. The nurse who was with me said the medicine was wonderful because I got along so nicely after bavins' had, so much trouble before.She intends to recommend it to all her suffering patient3. Everybody isastonished at me because I only weighed 102 pounds before and now Iweigh 135. I have had several ladies come to me and 03k about Dr. Pierce'smedicine. I am willincr to recommend it to all who suffer and want help.If any want information I will be glad to give it to them." MS. IllHOS & CHILD.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EIBALIER,BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 399.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, NDrth Middletowa, Little Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service you. HAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone Coi Incorporated.NOTICETOFarmers!I am Paying from 50c to 75ceach for Sheep hides.Tall6w5 and 5 1 -4c per lb.MAX ML NICK,8th Street, PARI3, KY.".Call East Tenn. Phone 374NEWBARBERSHOPModern Equipment,4 Barbers,. N Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Jinnk EangbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWRY & TALBOTTOsiris, KZerrtULolcvALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME? 9 C"T3P cr WG1.' will not be yours unless youfWW??F2&tt7 nave aWW L -i ruwnnnMajestic Ranet, in luur iviicnen iy Come in and see them. Theyare rthe best made.taps on May l. -i morning. .- . . . , : .iTHE BOUftBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 26, 1912.3BILL IS 6WISE MEN FOUND IN AFRICAin' mmiI By This Sign)iyou knowthat you aregetting theone preparation thathas stoodthe test forover thirtyfive yearsand snll remains the Standardtonic-food-medicine,used and recommendedby the medical profession the world over.Scott'sEmulsionis the embodiment ofelements that make forgood health andstrength.AIA DRUGGISTS11-23l What of Her Friends?After a girl has gone to the trouble of making a fool of a man hisfriends -will rob her of the glory byBaying he made a fool of himself. Lip-pincott's.Metal In Place of Paper.Metal sheets are proposed as a substitute for paper for the pages ofbooks; such sheets would be tougher,more flexible, and would absorb inkbetter than paper.FOR RENT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatedcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor HotH posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER,12 tf Paris, Ky.Eggs for Hatching.White and Buff Orpingtons, 2 to $3per 15.J. H. DOTY,322 Main St., Paris, Ky.WANTED.By experienced man, position onfarm as overseer or to raise crop onshares. Apply at this office.FOR RENT.Cottage on South Main street containing live rooms, hall and large backporch. 'Call E. T. Phone 80.22 3t MISS JULIA EDWAUDS.Duck Eggs for SaleImperial Mammoth White Pekinduck eggs,75 cents per dozen. AddressHORACE MILLER CLAY,19 6t Route 7, Box 5, Paris, KyRooms and Board.Desirable front rooms and board forLoth ladies and gentlemen. FApply toMRS. WALLING FOKL),Cor. Pleasant and Duncan Avenue.Blacksmith Shop for Renf.I wish torrent my blacksmith suphon Eighth street.19 3fc JOHN WARRING.Three houses in Henry Addition andone lot located near Main street inBarnes Addition and facing on Barnesavenue. Very desirable for railroadmen. Cheap if sold at once.WHITE VARDEN,Home Phone 125 or at Postoffice.HORSE CLIPPINGPrepare ypur horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.New South Wales "Spends Millions for Spirits.Figures Are Startling Canon Boycepresents Statistics Showing Expenditures by Beople forLiquor In 1910.-J: '-Eighth Street JBoth Phones.Sydney, N. SW. In his annual review of the .drink bill of. New SouthWales for 1910, a self-appointed taskwhich he has been carrying out withpraiseworthy perseverance for nearly30 years, Canon Boyce draws attentionto some interesting points. In thefirst place the bill reaches the . enor.mous .total of 5,724,984 ($28,624,900),an increase on the preceding year of407,302 ($2,036,600), due in a greatmeasure; of course, to the increasedprosperity of the people. Of this tremendous sum more than half wasspent on spirits, which shows an Increased consumption of 128,470 gallonsas compared with 1909. The sum of2,231,922 ($11,159,600) was spent oncolonial beer, the "workingman's beverage," showing an increase of considerably over 1,000,000 gallons as compared with the 'preceding year.Out of the total sum of 1,413,914($7,069,500), or less than oneourth,went to the revenue, either in theshape of license fees or customs andexcise. Against the. revenue obtainedfrom the drink traffic Canon - Boyceplaces a huge debij balance amounting, he thinks, to at least 2,000,000($10,0.00,000), through the maintenanceof our reformatories and jails, asylumsfor the Insane and various other institutions wnicn are rendered necessaryto a large extent by the abuse of intoxicating liquors, an expense which,'of course, has to be borne in mindwhen considering the question as itshould be considered from a moralas well as a financial point of view.The-cost per head of the population isplaced at 3 10s. 6d. ($17.13), or 712s. Cd ($37.09) for a family of fivepersons. This is a very vague way ofreckoning it, and children, for themost part, and large numbers of afcults never touch intoxicating liquorsat all. Still, it is the only way statisticians have of making the expenditure clear to the intelligence of thepeople.One year's -expenditure sounds badenough, but when we reckon by thectecade it becomes appalling. The drinkbill of New South Wales, for example,during the ten years since federationwas established amounted to nearly50,000,000 ($250,000,000). Why, thedebt for the whole state only amountsto 87,500,000 ($437,500,000), which,therefore, represents a drink bill of alittle over 17 years. The annual interest and charges on the public debtamounted in 1908 to 3,413,628 ($17,068,100), or 2 3s. 5d. ($10.56) perhead; so that the drink bill for oneyear is within a million of double theamount named.However, we are not singular in thisrespect. There are otbars. and theyare very nearly as bad some of themin fact are worse. .Among the lat-iter are Queensland with 3 15s. lOd. i($18.42) per head; New Zealand, 3j13s. Id. ($17.74) and England, 312s. 4d. ($17.58). The United' Kingdom,'on. the whole, however, is Is. 3d. (30 jcents) per head below our standard, 'Scotland and South Australia beingabout on a par 2 13s. 2d. ($12.92), iand 2 14s. U. ($13.22.) per head re-1spectively. Victoria Js also below us jwith 3 7s. 9d. ($16.48) per head, as'against our 3 10s. 6d. ($17.13). jCanon Boyce draws special attention 'to the fact that the drink bill in the 'no license districts of New Zealand isonly 16s, 4d. ($3.92) per head, a sig-jnificant fact if the figures are correcr.We do not wonder at Queensland ;heading the list, because the climate isso hot in the summer months that Iliquor vending of all descriptions must !be a roaring trade.Germany Wants Them to People theNew Territory She Got ThroughFrance.Berlin. Dr. Nekes, an authority on Africa,, has found in the neighborhood ofnew German territory surrendered byPrance a tribe he describes as "thepeople of the future," assigning tothem practically all the civilized virtues, as well as original strength andmanliness.The new nation is a branch of themighty Fang race called Jaunde. Theynumber half a million now, and arerapidly -increasing. The whole nation is pushing westward from Its native region near the sources of theWhite Nile.Dr. Nekes says the people are amazingly intelligent,very powerful physically, are fond of work and have anastonishingly rich language, in whichthey can impress In 'native idiom themost modern ideas of the most modern things such as cigars and telephones. They' are divided into three socialclasses freemen, freedmen and slavescaptured in war. Their religion consists partly of ancestor worship andpartly of belief in ghosts. Consideringthat all evil comes from witchcraftand sorcery, they have witch finders.. Regarding women as the source ofall mischief, when a chieftain diesthey beat his wives to make sure thatthey jpunish "the right one. Nekes regards them intellectually on the levelof the Europeans in the middle aees.He says they have the same fixedness of jpurppse, unspoiled by modernsoftness.Strong efforts are to be made bythe -German government to persuadethis rapidly multiplying people to settle in new German territory, where theywill be carefully looked after ,untilthey are fully able to provide for themselves.HIGH COST HITS GOTHAM ZOOEggs Are No Longer Fed to New YorkMonkeys Little Milk Is Given "Animals.New York. The latest complaintover the high cost of living comesfrom the Central park menagerie,where it appears that the monkeys,lions and hippos are leading the simple life owing to the taking of expensive luxuries from their bill of fare.The monkeys have not seen an eggin two months.- They used to get oneapiece every day before breakfast, butit would be like offering them pearlsnow to feed them eggs, according toOverseer Keenan. The only luxurythey have is milk, and that withplenty -of water in it, for the supplyis only five quarts a day, and thereare 60 monkeys to drink it."Ten years ago," explained Mr.Keenan, "we could board a monkeyfor seven cents a day and a. hippo orelephant for 60 cents. Now it costs12 cents for the monkeys, $1 for thehippos and $2.75 a day for the elephants. "The big Item in the menagerie bill,however, is the meat. The tigers andlions need from 12 to 18 pounds ofmeat a day and the cost runs closeto 10 cents a pound. A decade agothe zoo was able to buy the. necessary250 pounds a day around 4 cents apound."U. S. SEEKS ISLAND TITLEWRITES WITH HIS TEETHResident of Palo Alto, Pa., WithoutArms Gives Legal Proof ofSignature.Pottsville, Pa. Frank J. Dotterweichof Balo Alto astounded the officials ofthe Schuylkill county recorder's officerecently when he swore that his signature had been affixed by himself toa legal document executed before Justice of the Peace John J. O'Connor,although he has neither hands' norforearms.In a railroad accident some yearsago Dotterweich fell beneath thewheels of his train and had both hisarms severed.To verify his statement the cripplegave a demonstration of his prowesswith the pen, which he held between'his teeth. .Palmyra, 600 Miles From Hawaii, Discovered by American in 1852Proclaimed Part of Kingdom.Washington. Rumors that GreatBritain intended to take possession ofPalmyra island (in reality a group offifty islets), lying about 600 milessouthwest of Hawaii and almost in adirect line between Australia and thePanama canal, resulted In the subjectbeing made a matter of .inquiry unofficially at the state department theother day.Officials professed ignorance of anyIssue being raised as to the ownershipof the island, but admitted that titlewas vague..Palmyra island was discovered in1852 by an American shipmaster, wasproclaimed part of the, kingdom ofHawaii in 1882, and was annexed byGreat Britain in 1889. The questionat .issue is whether the British annexation cancelled the prior Hawaiiantitle, for if it did not, then Palmyraisland would probably be held to havebeen annexed to the United States in1898.For Jerusalem College.London A wealthy Indian Hebrew,whose name is not announced, hasgiven $400,000 to endow a Jewish college at Jerusalem. It is hoped thatthis college may become the nucleusof a university In Palestine.Eggs Cott 75 Cents a Dozen.Warren, Pa. Although Warren Is Inthe center of an agricultural regioneggs have jumped to 75 cents a dozen,and hotels and' restaurants complainof an ess famine.LEAVE STATE; EVADE LAWWhy Massachusetts Millmen DrinkWater in Connecticut. Perryville, Mass. Although the employes of the Perry mill here work inMassachusetts, they are obliged to gointo the state of Connecticut wheneverthey want a drink of water. This isnot much of a hardship, as the factorystraddles the state line, and the menhave only to cross the room to getfrom one state to the other. A newMassachusetts law forbids the use ofa common drinking cup, so the pailcontaining the drinking water is keptIn the other state.No Need to Be Poor.Pittsburg. -"Society has plenty ofmoney and there need be no poor ifresources were properly distributed," iProf. Edward. T. Devine of Columbia jifniversityioliran audience. '97 Cats to Breakfast.Cheshire, Conn. Cheshire has thedistinction of having the first homefor friendless .cats to be established inConnecticut, if not in New England.Walter Scott, proprietor of an inn, haafitted up a large room 'in the basementof his hostelry where any homeless catcan -take refuge and get three squaremeals a day. Ninety-seven breakfastedthere in one morning. - .THREE-ROOM OUTFIT FQR $TSSpring Time is HereAfter being housed up so long and looking at the old furniture,Carpets, Rugs and Mattings, am sure that you are planning to getsomething new for the home. We are headquarters for suchthings. .CHIFFOROBES;A solid American quartered Chifforobe,highly polished, sliding rack, large openingdoor, for hanging clothes, five drawers andhat box, for onlyS16.7SKITCHEN CABINETS.VitEunoi HiiwiA solid oak Kitchen Cabinet, glass doors,two bins for meal and flour, two small drawers, me.at and biscuit board, large table top,small drawers for spices.$10.50Also agent for the Hoosier Kitchen Cabinet, the greatest step saver in the worldS2S.OOA. F. WHEELER & CO.Main and Third Sts. CHSS. GREEN, Manager. Opposite Court House.Eat Whetm Yon Want,aBROWN'SLITTLE TABLETSCures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, HeartburnV 60C PACKAGEG. S. Varden & Son.When She Is Eloquent.When a woman speaks from the bottom of her heart she always has a lotto say. Florida Times-Union.Spring Millinery.Many sufferers from rheumatismhave been surprised and delightedwith the prompt relief afforded byapplying" Chamberlain's 'Liniment;.Not one case of rheumatism in ten reqairesany internal treatment whatever. This liniment is for sale by alldealers.White Ants Live High.A species of white ants, called ternltes, is noted for its 'high hills ordwellings. If the houses of men wereproportionately high, size for size, thehumblest cottage . would be a mile inheight.Much Like Wasted Time.If a boy is too lazy to work at it, itwon't help him much to learn a trade.Atchison Globe.Many Driven From Home.Ever year" in manyTparts thecountry thousands are driven fromtheir homes by coughs and lung diseases. ' Friends and business are leftbehind for other climates; but this isdostly and not always sure. A betterway the way .of multitudes is touse Dr. King's New Discovery andcure yourself at home.' Stay rightthere with your friends and take thissafe medicine. Throat and lung troubles find quick relief and health returns. Its help in coughs, colds,grip,croup,whooping cough and pore lungsmake it a. positive blessing. 50c and$1. Trial bottle free. Guaranteedby Ob6rdor;fer.It's So Easy.Discretion is a thing that most menare able to use as long as the.y arefree from temptation. Chicago Record-Herald.SPECIALSS FOR THIS WEEK:Kellogg's Toasted Corn Flakes, 10c grade, per box.. .5cNice Fresh Figs, per lb 77 8cW Fancy Florida Oranges, per doz 25cX Good Quality Brooms 35c9 Good Hearth Brooms 15 c,SBest Quality Hard-Wood Clothes Baskets, large 50cCod Fish, per lb '. 1 5cBest Grade Dried Herring 1 Sc2 Mackerel, large size, 3 for . 25cJ Steel Cut Monibak Coffee, 3 lbs $ 1 .OOW Best grade Cara-Van Coffee, per lb 30c9 Old Reliable Coffee, per lb 30c8 We have all grades- of the National Biscuit Co.'s Goods.Purity, Bed Cross and -"Lexington Maid 7 Flour.Fresh MeatsHome-killed Meats, guaranteed; Shipped Meats, unJr der government inspection take your choice.Morning Glory brand Hams and Breakfastbacon, theJ best on the market, sliced thick or thin, without cost.III SPECIAL NOTiCE ! 2 !9 We will duplicate Anybody's Pricesjg and Your Credit as Good for 30 Days.9 GIVE US A TRIAL ORDER .S .A. W. COTTINGHAM,The Up-Town Grocer, South iVIain St.m Both Telephones No. 7:tt:::What We Never Forgetaccording xo science', are the thingsassociated with our early home life,such as Bucklen's Arnica Salve, thatmother or grandmother used to cureour burns,-boils, scalds, sores, skineruptions, cuts, sprains or bruises.Forty years of cures' prove its merit.Unrivaled for piles,corns or cold sores.Only 25e-at Oberdorfer's.-4IONEmo?down Lie throat of a "eapey"chicl.f.n destroys the ivormand saves the chick's life. Afew -.'rops in the drinkine waterCURES andPREVENTS GAPESv ai' e diarrhoea and other chickdiseases. 1One oOc Bottle ofBourbon Poultry CureMakes 12 Gallons cf Medicine.Every poultry raiser should beep a bottle ofthismedicine.on land. Ask for free booklet ou"Diseases r.Mols."- , . ' 'MAN'S DEBT TO POSTESiT'fHealth,. Strength, Vigor, YizJit;The BOOK OF KN0WIjSLvoS 23 SOKNOW YOURSL.by mall, eealed, to those encletsnur Tew tKh. tstanps. for postage, etc. Wortfr its 'nt .to any disconraged, suflerinjr man. 1m o"tains Yital facts on acute and chronic UiBif( ' -cladineIfercaut and Physical Deliiu'u. hs a tVitality, Atrophy, Varicocele and all Jn- mDebilities of Men from whatever cause; ! i. -dured.howcured; also Blood -Poison, s?3 rt, iieresults: its comiueror by mediral -f in nslatest and most remarkable victory. P f .- M.German Discovery (The ,eST wbi.-u ;..-fangs of this awful malady, HiaVmq i qwc i.easily curable. "Writa for ir today- vAddress DR. DOIXE XXSTXTUTS.52S Walnut Street. 4.:iciuws- rT..H nini Tin V.OP Until f'H t" . IDr. Dolle. Ho will .elv you rt'Tl s4!f:.-. -1i:r. ijuiic. no ..... j - rexamination, and will M juv - . ....CotlHiltation JYrf anu t,nfii.,n. i'-j1letter, iornmw i --from all over the nilrii'.lc v t t - -Jr.lolIc. v.ho dies z:. trT.w- t- l-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 29, 1912.1?!1 H$4.7rnDiamonds!We Are Showing This Spring aLarge Assortment ofDiamond Rings!iPerfect, Clean Cut, White Goods in 14kTiffany Mountings, for$20, $25, $30 and $40 eachAccording to Weight See Our Window"w 1 uispiay or parne nvery atoneft Guaranteed.iIVVe Have Just Received a Line of theThinest WatchesMadeWith Elgin or Walt ham Movement for$18.50 EachThe Nobbiest and Best Watch EverSold For the Price.For Spring and EasterWear LaValliers and Drop Ear Rings, They Are inVogue. . We Carry a Full and CompleteStock of these Goods at all Prices.Our Line of Wedding GiftsSterling Silver, Cut Glass and Hand-Painted Chinais Immense and Varied, and you should calland see our Stock before purchasing."THE HOME OF QUALITY."Shire & Fithian.IMMATRIMONIAL.Dr. J. H. Comer, of this city, andMiss Luetta Collier, of Millersbuig,were married in Louisville Wednesdayafternoon at 3 o'clock at the residenceof Rev. Mr. Leitchfield. Announcement was made a few weeks ago jafthe engagement of the young, people,but the date of the marriage was keptsecret.The bride left Millersburg Tuesdayafternoon In an automobile to go toLexington, but continued her -journeyto Louisville, going to the home of herfriend, Mrs. Wallace Shannon, whoformerly resided in Millersburg. Dr.Comer left Paris Wednesday morningon the 7 o'clock interurban car andwent to Louisville from Lexington tojoin his fiancee.The biide is a .charming youngwoman, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.Nathan Collier, who reside nearMillersburg on a ' fine farm. She ishighly educated and accomplished andhas spent some time abroad.The groom is a popular young dentist of this city . where he has beenlocated for the past five years and is aS9n Qf VJr, SIM? Mrs. R. P. Comer, ofMonroe county. jDr. and Mrs. Comer, after the-ceremony,left for a trip South and on returning to Paris will reside on Cypressstreet where Dr. Comer recently purchased a handsome home. -Try Vinol.If you can't take old fashioned codliver oil or emulsions, try Vinol it isas delicious as a fresh orange andguaranteed to contain all the medicinalcuratives uf cod liver oil, but not adrop of oil.. VARDEN & SON, Agents.Garden Seeds.Fine seed potatoes and garden seedof all kinds. Remember w.e sell onlythe kind that grow. "5tf ' T. LENIHAN.Blue Crass League DirectorsMeet.The Blue Grass League Directorsmet in Lexington Tuesday and formallyadopted the playing schedule asamended by the directors at the meeting. The schedule has not been madepublic but will be given out ,the firstof next week. The season will openMay 1 and will close September 5.A resolution providing for .an "umpire day" introduced by PresidentWm. Neal, was adopted. This is a dayset apart by eadi club where the umpire is treated with all possible courtesy and consideration by the playersand spectators. The blue GrassLeague is the first to adopt this plan.George L. Martin, of Louisville, waselected as treasurer of the league tosucceed W. S. Minary, resigned. President Neal said that the prospects for agood year in this league were verybright.A rule was adopted providing for amegaphone to be on each club groundsfor the use of the umpire in announcing the batteries. After June 1, according to President the rule prohiDitng the tossing of the ball round the infield will be enforced. Indications pointto a very competent corps of umpiresthis eason as Preisdent Neal has exercised the utmost care in selecting hismen. The Paris club was representedat the meeting by President J. W.Bacon.Called Convention.All Republicans are hereby notifiedthat there will be a called conventionheld at'the corner of Ninth and Mainstreets, Paris, Ky., on April 6, 1912,at 1 :30 p. m. for the purpose of selecting delegates to the district' and StateConventions to be held in Lagrangeand Louisville and to select membersof the County Committee.GEO. W. STUART, Chairman.W. A. THOMPSON, Secretary.It is Delicious.Vinol contains a concentrated formof all the curative elements of codliver oil. It is delicious to the taste.VARDEN & SON, Agents.F. F. Hurst's Will Probated.The last will and testament of thelate Fielding F. Hurst, who diedrecently at hits' home in Millersburg,was admitted to probate in the countycourt Wednesday. The instrumentwhich was written -only a short, timebefore the death of Mr. Hurst, wasvery brief and provides that his wife,Mrs. Minnie F. Hurst, shall qualify ashis administrator without bond andasks the court to appoint her as theguardian of their three children without surety. Mrs. Hurst is instructedto collect all of his life insurance andafter the payment of all of his justclaims, the remainder of his estateshall go to the support of his wife andchildren. The will bears the date ofMarch 12, 1912, and was witnessed byT. W. Current arid C. C. Chanslor.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfFor the Ladies.The ladies of Bourbon will miss atreat if they fail to see the beautifuldisplay of ladies shoes and oxfordsnow on display in my window,tf DAVID FELD.ti' - :MwT 'MWK. 'Mr-' ' -'$t7m&.. , $ - .I vl: AK-.'Vi. v.V yfs ' wIOne of Our Spring Style:Now On Floor.IWe now have in our repository a complete line of Stanhopes, Phaetons, Buggies and Run-a-bouts of Columbus,Babcock, Houghton and Post makes. Let us show themto you before you purchase.II YERKES & PRICHAKDBoth 'Phones 66MlJEasterApparelCome to J. W. Davis & Co. For Your Easter Outfit!Hundreds of men depend on our knowledge and experience in Clothing to aid them in their selection. Hundreds of men come here for their Easter garments, knowinthat if they come from Davis' they are right right in style, right in price, right in quality. Easter calls for new clothes. No better time to make your selection than now.'?i -MEN'S515 ilsunsmEVERYBODY remarks that our $1 5 Suitsare better than those usually sold atthat price. Thoroughly hand madeand guaranteed by us. These we havein models to suit all ages.YOU'LL like the Suits we show at thisprice. We believe we've solved theproblem of a Suit at a popular price,and are sure you'll like them when youSUITS$22.50see them.MEN'S SUITS20.00$20 Suits that are beyond question thebest value ever offered. An assortment so large that you are sure tofind just the suit you want. Blue Serges,Cassimeres, Worsted, Homespuns, inSpring shades.lOOSUITS30.00THERE is a Style and value about our$22.50 Suits that makes them look$5 better. All the newest shadesand materials are shown in this line.Norfolks, English Soft Rolled Lapels andall the new Spring kinks.fa25 will buy a suit that well may betermed "Best." all hand made, everydetail just as it should be.. That every time you put them on theywill be a source of pleasure.WELL dressed men most thoroughly appreciate our $30 clothes.They have that (indefinable classthat has to be seen to be appreciated.All the very newest colors and models.Easter NeckwearEaster ShirtsV .- -AEaster GlovesEASTER THINGS FROM HAT TO HOSEEaster HatsEaster CapsEaster JewelryjwDAVIS&COTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCH 29, 1912m -mum news.ALWAYS HAS THE EESTOF EVERYTHINGTobacco Cotton.Tobacco canvas all grades, at verylow prices.SIMON LEFT. STORUOat Equal Just Received.We have just received a carload ofOat Equal, the celberated horse, muleand cow feed.29 2t YERKES & PRICHARD.Shriners to Meet.The regular meeting of OleikaTemple, Nobles of the Mystic Shrine,will be held at the Masonic Hall inLexington Thursday. April 4, at 7:30o'clock. The next ceremonial sessionwill be held on July 4.Bulbs.All kinds of bulbs.C. P. COOK.Clover Seed.Sweet clover seed for spring sowingbest legume fertilizer, good pastureand hp. Prices and circular how tocrow it, free,& 3t JOHN A. SHEEHAN,Falmouth, Ky., Route 4.Will Locate in Paris.Mr. Ben F Goldberg, of Cynthiana,will open an establishment in Paris inth next few days. The place will beknown as the Cincinnati Hat Manufacturing Company, and the new concern Will engage in the making andrepairing of soft, silk, stiff and strawiiats. The new concern will locate onMain street.Tobacco, Cotton.Tobacco canvas alllow pricss.grades, at verySIMON DEPTSTORE.Remarkable Remedy.We have never sold in cur store aremedy of such remarkable curativefcnd strength creating power as Vinci.VARDEN & SON, Agents.Working in Paris.The Maysville Independent says:"Owing to the slackness of work inthis city Messrs. William Burk andJohn Ronan, atone cutters, employedby the Murray & Thomas, Maible andGranite Works, were yesterday sent tuParis, to work in this firm's plant atthac place."How is Your Cash Register.Fred "McBride, an expert on theNational Cash Register is stopping ".atthe Fordham. Better have yours looked after.Book Bargains.For the next few days we will offerall the books in our circulating libraryfor sale at 25 cents each. They are allII 50 books and are standard fiction;f iightly worn but practically as goodas new. This is a tare chance. Callearly and get the pick.PARIS BOOK CO.Mules Shipped to Canada.E. F. Spears & Sons, of this city,shipped last night sixteen head ofrr.uies to Zelandia, Canada, at whichilace they purchased recently a largetract of lsnd. The- mules were someof the finest woik stock that ever leftthis ccunty. They were in charge ofArch Cunningham, who will remain inCanada in the employ uf this fitm.Ladies Attention.Don't forget the dates of our springmillinery opening, April 3 and 4. iTouare especially invited to attend.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Oat Equal Just Received.We have just received a carload ofOat Equal, the celberated horse, muleand cow feed.2'J 2t YERKES & PRICHARD.Mrs. Switzer Laid to Rest.The last surviving daughter of asoldier of the American Revolutionwas laid to her final rest in the Jacksonville cemetery in Bourbon countyWednesday afternoon. Thi3 was Mrs.Elizabeth Switzer, agert 96 years, whodiet near Cynthiana. She was relatedto a large number of families in Bourbon, Harrison ami Fayette countiesand was born in Harrison countyOctober 21, 1816.Kow is Your Typewriter.Fred' Mc Bride, an expert typewriterrepairer is at the Fcrdham with everything necessary for doing the workhere in Paris. Better, have yours attended to. Phone him he will call.Tobacco Cotton.Tobacco canvas all grades, at verylow prices.SIMON DE?T. STORE.Defeat Lexington.The basket ball team of the ParisHigh School won a well earned victoryfrom the Juniors of the LexingtonHgh School team athe Hijlfachoolgymnasium Wednesday evening, thegame resulting in a score of 30 to 19.The contest was a fast exhibition fromthe start and after live minutes ofplay in the final period the score wastied. The local boys drew away fromtheir opponents in the last half winning with ease. The game was one ofthe roughest ever seen on the lecalfloor. The line-up follows:Paris Curtis and Chisholm, forwards; Thompson, center j.Horton andAdair, guards.Lexington McClintock and Smith,forwards: Barclay, center: Bryan and'Pendleton, guards.Field Goals-Curtis 6, Thompson 4,Chisholm 3, Smith 2, McCilrilock 2,Bryan I? Barclay 3, .Foul fjoalf--3mith 3, Curtis"v4PERSONAL MENTION.Mr. Joseph Forsyth, of Baltimore,Md , 13 visiting in Paris.Mr. James Woodford lefc yes'terday for a visit to ftlartrnsville, InoXMiss Essie Saloshin will leaveSunday for a visit to friends in Somerset. Mr. and Mrs. Ed Burke and daughter were visitors in Louisville thisweek.Messrs. Hal Woodford and Jamesfaukill ara at Martinsville, Ind., for ashort visit.Mrs. Harry Saloshin is visitingher parents,-Mr. and Mrs. Lee Strauss,in Cincinnati.Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Al exannerhave returned from a two- weeks' visitto Martinsville, Ind.Mr. Ed. Tu-ner has been quite illfor the past two week at his home-onthe Clintonville pike. . -Mrs. C. M. Clay and her sister,Mrs. Samuel Stone, cf Louisville, areat Martinsville, Ind.Mr. June Payne, of Lebanon, Va ,is the guest of his brother, Mr. HumpPayne, near this city.-Mrs. Jce Head, of Ashland, it Itheguest of her sister, Mrs. E, M, Dickson on S toner avenue.Miss Helen Frank has returnedfrom a visit to her brother. Dr. Louisfrank, in Louisville.Mr. A. Bloom, of Cincinnati, wasthe guest Wednesday of his uncle, Mr.L$e Price, in this city.Mrs. Roy Clendenln and littledaughter have returned from a visit torelatives ir? Georgetown.Miss Mary Brannon, who has beenc nHned to her home for several dayswith illness is improving.Mr. Wood Clay is at home fromJuarez, Mexco, following the close ofthe racing course at that place.The Cotillon Club will give another one of their delightful dances onTnursday, April 11, at Elks Ha!l.Mrs. Frank Kiser, Mrs. L-. I.Smith and Mrs. Thos. Kiser visitedMrs. Wm. Willet in Carlisle yesterday.Dr. 'and Mrs. Harry MaTfherimoved Wednesday to their cotage onSecond street purchased of Mr. JohiAtkle.Mr. Chas. N. Fithian has beencinfineu to his home for several dayssjtfering with a severe attack of indigestion. Mrs. JohnChristman and daughter, Missoula Christman, are visitingrelatives in Danville and Harrodsburgthis week.Miss Emma Nita Morford, ofEwing, a former student at the Bourbon Female College was the guest ofParis friends Wednesday.Mis. Wickliffe and Miss Childs, ofLexington, are here with their sister,Mrs. Georgia Spears, who is quite illat her home on Mt. Airy avenue.Mary Louise, the little daughterof Mr. and Mrs Roy F. Clendenin,was suc2essfully operated on foradnoids in Lexington Wednesday.Mr. and Mrs. Frank Lowry returned Wednesday night from Miami,Florida, and other points in the Southwhere they spent several weeks.Mrs. W. T. Brooks was taken to aLexington hospital Wednesday wl-ereshe underwent an operation. She isreported to be resting comfortably.Mrs. Edward Tipton has returnedto her home in New ,York after a visitto Miss Maria Tipton and Mrs. D. C.Parrish in this city and other relatives-in the Blue Grass.Mrs. J. W. Ferguson, who is atthe Good Samaritan Hospital, Lexington, under treatment -is improvingrapidly and may be able to returnhime in about ten days.Mr. A. Barnett, who has beenspending the winter with his daughter, Mrs. A. J. Winters, in this city,l?ft yesterday for Eminence for anextended visit to relatives.. Col. E. r. Clay is quiet ill at"Runnymede," his country home, nearthis city. Col. Clay returned a fewdays ago from Florida and the changeof climate. is said to be the cause ofhis illness.Mr. G. L. Steenburgen went toCincinnati yesterday morning to meetMrs. Steenburgen, who was enroutehome from an extended visit to relatives in Texas. They returned homelast night.The Richard Hawes ChapterDaughters of the Confederacy, wilmeet at their room in the court housethia afternoon at 2 o'clock. " Mrs.Amos Turney and P.Irs. Clifton Arnsparger will be the hostesses, and. aninteresting program has been arranged.The life and work of NathanielHawthorne was the subject of discussion at the meeting of the Paris Li.terary Club Wednesday afternoon. Mrs.Catesby Woodford, Jr., read a paper,"A Study of Hawthorne.' Miss AllenePowp.r presented a review of "MarbleFaun," and Mrs. Thomas Henry Clay,Jr., read a paper on a "Companion ofHawthorne and Poe." -Among otherbusiness transacted was the appointment of a committee on Waterways,at the request of Mrs Walter Payne,cf this city, a member of the club andstate chairman of the Department ofWaterways. The committee named iscomposed of Mrs. Walter Payne, Mrs.J. Simras Wilson and Mrs. CatesbyWoodford, Jr., the object being "tosecure definite and concerted action toprevent the further use of streams assewerage arteries.' '(Other personals on page 7.)Easter Cards and Booklets.We have the most beautiful line ofEaster cards and booklets ever seen inthis'-city.PARIS BOOK CO.The Best WorHarness.Wp think that beyond a doubt wehave the best work harness that is onthe market. 'T-he farmers who usethem think so too. Sae display in.South window. .:. 'Ladies Attention.Don't forget the date of our springmillinery opening, April 3 and 4. Youare cordially invited to attend.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIRD.Mule Taken Up.Bay horse mule about 16 1-2 handshigh, came to our.stable on the nightof March 25. Owner can have same bypaying for feed and advertisement.29 3t D. W. PEED.Embroidery and Stamping.I will be glad to have you call andsee my up to date work. Can supplyyour needs at reasonable prices. Calland see my work. I am also geting upa class in needle work.MISS JJDA B. DUERSON,No. 305 Main street.At Mrs. Come W. Baird's Millinerystore, -E. T. phone 389. .LOST.Pocket knife on streets of Paris.Same had emblems of Shriners lodgeon handle. Finder return to Newsoffice and get reward. 29 3tFor Rent:.Farm of 95 acres on Georgetownpike "adjoining the City of Peri's, 8acres for tnbacco with-barn and stick s30 to 35 acres for corn, 14 acres inclover, balance in grass, good 4 roomcottage, stable and other outbuildings.Money rent only. Apply. GEORGE RASSENFOSS.Reds that Lay63 dozen eggs from 30 pullets duringDecember, - January and February.Eggs $1.50 per setting of 15. Also agood rooster ajid, a few good pulletsfor sale.26 3t MRS. M. H. DAILEY.Eggs for Hatching,Rhode Island Reds and Indian Runner Ducks, good stock, $1.50 per setting of 15..26 3t .JOS. VARDEN.THE FAIR!On Friday Nextl-quart Milk Cans, 8c.1- quart Measuring Cups,-oc.2- quart Cups, Sc.1-gallon Oil Cans, 8c.3- quart Agate Milk Pans, 8c.0- quart Tin Milk Pans, 5c.1- pint Tin Cups, 2 for 3c.1-gallon Stone Jars, 8c.Ax Handles-, best hickory, 8c.Decorated Plates, dinner size,gold edges, 8c.Imitation Agate Marbles, perhundred, 5c.Mail Boxes, 8c.Hunter Pattern Sifters, 8c.Engraved and Decorated LampChimneys, 8c.Enamelled Steel Chambers, 8c.Darning Cotton, 4 for 5c....THE FAIR..."Roxie" Dai$!Ok Insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning : : : ::::::Biggest and' Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Gall.2 Helios 137"IOur Trust Department.The. Bourbon Barik andTrust Co.Stands leady to act as Executoror Administrator of Estates, asTrustee or Guardian of infantheirs. .In our Trust Department weoffer many advantages over thecustom of le wing your propertyin the hands of individuals. Thefollowing are some of the advantages: Ample Capital and Surplus, furnishing $246,000.00 protection to patrons.A fixed office with officersalways in charge.Wide experience in handlinglarge business matters.Our officers have had muchexperience in winding up estates.Much" smaller expense in managing your estate.Will give you our best adviceabout your business withoutcharge.Call to see us and investigitefor yourself.ILOST.Between Mr. Airy and BourbonNews oeffie gold breast pin. Finderplease leave at Hukill's tailoring shop.26 2t - MRS. L. DAVIS.FOR SALE.About forty yards of good matting,a couch, two chairs and table in greenfiber rush furniture, one handsomemission hall seat, with leather cushion.and a small mission table. Call 333Home phone. '26 3tFOR SALE.Plenty of work mules,from 1,000 to 1,400 pounds.weighingCome andnuy them.Also for sale 150 -barrels of. breadcorn.' THOS. McCLINTOCK,Millerbsurg, Ky.A'.FULL LINEOFFLASHLIGHTSALL SIZES85c to $1.50DAUGHERTYBROS.0CP. rdr-yo-u. can.. Know yoxt uri.ll no. .y.0 -pyyvur fimivAe fAom .9LargestIDressWe are ready with the goods all the new weaves inWhip Cords, Serges, Suitings, etc., in Cream, Tan, GrevNavy, Black, etc. y'SilksThe most complete line we have ever shown jn Messalmes. Changeable Taffetas, Surahs, Foulards, etc. All thenew Spring colorings.-Slieciak 27in Brocate Silk Mulls, 25c yd.F J 36-in. Messaline, Fancy and Solid colors, $1 yd.Dress Trimmings, Laces, ButtonsWe have the largest line in this part of the State. Anythingthat's new we have. All the new drop, fringes, bands,&c, &c.Come let us show you.:W. EdALWAYS THE NILAgent Butterick Patternsii's CashFee200 Tresh BakedCountry Club Cakes"IWe will place on Sale Fridayand Saturday 200 "CountryClub'9 Layer Cakes.The Following Varieties:Ribbon ChocolateCaramel LemonWhite VanillaMUTH'SBREADMilk, Rye, Raisin, Cinnamon and GoldenGloria BreadiFEE'SLee-jDear dmyo?Ve Lo-u.$.h os of fxiAniu.re Aom 3.Pinion and &o have many of my fAienciA, Xr-ax.noAc of xs haA Iseen fooled yei.d?An'i l a s ai J facion o knour ha aAore afifiAeeLaes your Aade and aLveA y.axtaood, AeliaLle foodl, a hone6 p rices? a? neveAmjlIL Aade aaain a a sore J eanno r-uA.,airy'a akLna my fiinas oxl of he XrxiAeaxL.6o m-us'eo6e an-d p-a him o sleep.: - CLl-usays. yonA chum,' - JCotjl.J. T. HintoiiBonn Siphon RefrigeratorsAssortment of Wall Decorations inCentral Ken'ucky.GoodsTucker !iIIae fohj&d&rfI19 4t . - v . LAW IN &-UUmNJLiTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, .MARCH 261912IITo Our PatronsWe respectfully direct your attention to the extensiveand choice stocks of Spring merchandise now assembled inour store, They comprise the very largest and most selectgathering of new merchandise that has ever been collectedunder our roof at the opening of a season, vEvery section of the store offers, most complete selec' tion. Our assortments mirror every authoritive new fashion, every new style-thought for Spring. Everything isfresh and brand new, as all goods in the store when our reorganization took place have been entirely disposed of.Our buyers spent many weeks in the Eastern marketsengaged in selecting from the products of the foremostmanufacturers and importers the various lines of foods wenow have the pleasure of offering you-. They have "exercised the most scrupulous discrimination in their selection,Jeing ever on guard against the admission to our stocks ofunauthentic styles or unreliable qualities.Being constantly m touch with market conditions theywere in a position to buy under the most favorable circumstances, which permits us to otter very attractive values.From every point of view we are in a position to serve youbetter than at any time in our history. -Our Dress-making Departments are taking orders nowfor before Easter delivery, Miss Brennan and Miss Brownhaving returned from the-East with all the latest styleideas.Wolf, Wile (Si Co.,Formerly Kaufman, Straus & Co.Lexington, Ky.IIJJUII VJIHJIJUIJMASK MO. U.S- AT. GTtLook muck better, lastlonger!The success of your windows dependsoh the shades. If you furnish them withshades of Brenlin, good taste and economycan go hand in hand. Brenlin shades notonly look much better, but I asl longer. Theyare made without the "filling" that causesWindow Shadesother shades to streak, wrinkle, fade andshow unsightly "pin holes." They alwayshang straight and smooth, and reallyshade. And they outlast the ordinaryshade several times over, yet cost but a .trifle more.BRENLIN is made, in many artistictones and in Brenlin .Duplex colored oneside, white the other. Come in and let usshow you .samples and quote prices,For Sale by J.. T. HintonTWIN BROS.,Clothing Department'All the Latest Ideas inPRm ' 'mSIMGLOTHISGNow On DisplayI Uni I QTFIMClothing and Shoe Department.Not Exciting.Mrs. Stirling used to tell how, during a brier holiday to somewhere on.the Clyde, being kept indoors by threewt days, Stirling read the Greek Testament continuously aloud to her, firstGreek and then in English. She-was a truly religious woman, but she1owmed to being glad when the rain.ewcd. Life of James H. Stirling.DoubJy Blttttd.The mother of little Helen was oneof twins. Ab thfr twin sisters livedquite a way apart, Helen did not seeher aunt until she was about twoyears old. On first seeing her she wasgreatly puzzled over the resemblanceof her mother and aunt, and after looking ?bewildereclly from one to the other finally exclaimed, "More mamma."MASTER-SMITH OF THE DAYProduces Steel of Cutting CapacitySurpassing Work of LegendarySwordrnaker.We are all familiar with the oldtime legends of the master-smith, who,by his skill at the forge, was able toproduce for the hero of the tale aweapon which should cut through thearmor of giant or wizard and maintain, its temper and edge against alltests.The modern industrial captain hasto cut his way also through metal,and .one of the notable achievementsof the engineer and metallurgist hasbeen his success in the production ofsteels of hardness and cutting capacity which, altogether surpass thefinest work of the legendary swordmaker. Not content with the manufactureof tool steel of hardness, high-speedcutting capacity and exquisite temper,the modern master-smith has now produced a method of converting softiron or low-grade steel into tool-steelof the highest grade simply by the infusion of the necessary proportion ofcarbon and other elements by contactand proper heat treatment, so thatkeen-edged chisels may be made fromrailroad spikes and machine cuttersfrom soft and inexpensive steel.Trials of cutting tools made by theInfusionprocess at the ordnance bureauof the United States navy departmenthave given such remarkable results,both as to cutting speed and endurance, that the chief of the bureausays: ."From the test of the infusion.treated samples, it appears" 'superiorto any hardening process now in useat the naval gun factory," so that themodern master-smith has outstrippedthe fabled tales of the wizard weapon-makerof mediaeval times.DOUBLE REPORTS IN FIRINGCurious Effect Produced by Use ofMaxim Silencer During TargetPractice.S Bourbon Garage & Supply Co. fVULCAN S PLOWSMade jj,e vuCan Plow Co.;EVANS VI LLE, IND.TRY THEVULCAN- . Well Finished; Strong, Durable, tight Draft.Rib Strengthened Mold, Full Chilled Shinpiece, InterlockedPoint, Land and Standard. Point has Face Chill, Wide EdgeChill, Long Snoot Chill, Patented Extension and u theSTRONGEST and MOST DURABLE Chilled Point Made.When Buying a Plow, Consider Quality First, PrlM Sseond. 'Genuine Plows and Repairs for Sale Only byBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,KentuckyParis:. Taking as his text the double reportnoted during the firing on the battleship North Carolina during the recentaerial target practice, Hiram PercyMaxim writes: "Our experimentswith the Maxim silencer have developed many other interesting cases.For example: If a rifle equippedwith a .silencer is fired down a railroad track having telegraph polesalong the side there is a distinct'crack' heard for each telegraph pole.If the rifle Is fired from an open fieldwith a tree or a clump of bushes at,say, 200 yards, there is heard a 'crack'from this clump of trees. If there areseveral detached clumps of trees orbushes over the open field, there willbe heard a 'crack' for each of them.If, instead of firing parallel with theground, the gun is elevated and firedstraight up in the air, we hear nonoise at all, except the fall of the hammer and the 'puff' of the gases escaping from the silencer."The reason for this is probably asfollows: 'In the ordinary gun the report noise is so loud that it engulfs allother sounds, and we are conscious ofnothing but report noise itself. It isnot until this report noise is annulledthat we can hear the 'bullet flight'noise. This latter noise, being madeout in the air beyond the gun, cancome back to the shooter only by reflection. "If there is one object, we get onereflection and one noise. If there aremany separate objects, we get manyseparate reflections and separatenoises. If there are no reflecting objects, such as when shooting straightup into the air, then we get no reflected noise."Trolley Rail Tugboat.Tests of a new touring system,, in- ivented by a German engineer, HerrKoss, have recently been made on theDortmund Ems Canal, which ' givepromise, that the invention will be asuccess. An elastic rail is laid at thebottom of the canal, and the tugboatcarries at its' bottom four rollers whichclasp this rail. These rollers are operated from the boat which is thus propelled. A large economy of power isclaimed for this method. The experimental tug is worked by electricity,the energy being obtained througtfacable from an auxiliary boat equippedwith a dynamo. This, however, is only an experiment, and in ordinaryworking a trolley wire would be installed alongside- the canal. Electrical operation can obviously be replaced by 'crude oil motors, etc., eachbarge being fitted with a set of rollersacting on the rail, . tlPilgrim Trade Has a Bcorrt.The Mahometan is not so behind thetimes as some would make him out.He has proved "himself quick to takeadvantage of the conveniences of modern civilization.Before the Hedjaz Railway "was begun the number of pilgrims to Meccawas about 90,000 a year. In 1904, whenone section of the road was openedthis-number jumped at Once to 200,000. In the last year for which thereIs any record it exceeds 280,000.These faithful followers of theprophet included 113,000 Turks, 40,000from India, 17,000 from North Africaand even 4,000 Malays.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort every hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car goingonly as far as Versailles.Cars leave Lexington for Versaillesand Frankfort,, and for Paris everyhour on the hour from 6 a. m. until7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p. m., thelast car going only as far as Versailles. .Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirtyminutes after the hour from 6:30a.m. until 7:30 p. m., and at 10:30p.m., the last car going only as iaras Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexingtonand Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the hour from 5:45 a.m. until 6:45 p. m.t and 8:05 and10:05 p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetownevery hour on the hour from 6 a. muntil 7 p. m. and at 9 and li p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30m. and at 9:20 p. m. and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville for Lexington and Georgetown every fifteenminutes after the hour from 6:15 a.m. until 2:15 p.m. and 10:15 p. m.CHICAGO, ILL,COLUMBUS, 0.,DETROIT, MICH.,CINCINNATI, 0.,CLEVELAND, 0.,TOLEDO, 0.,AND ALL POINTS NORTH.ATLANTA, GA., BIRMINGHAM, ALA., CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,DALLAS, TEX., . GALVESTON, TEX., JACKSONVILLE, FLA.,NEW ORLEANS, LA., KN0XVILLE, TENN., SHREVEP0RT, LA., 'AND ALL POINTS SOUTH AND SOUTHWEST.North, East, South and West rIachedVIA THE THROUGH CAR SERVICE OF THEQUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE.FOR FARES AND ALL OTHER INFORMATION, CALL ON OR WRITEH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St., - o LEXINGTON, KY.W. A. BECKLER, General Passenger Agent, - - - - CINCINNATI, OHIO.ALL POINTSmmmmmmmmmDaily Fast' Freight Service BetweenParis, Lexington, Versailles, Frankfort, Georgetown and all Intermediate Points. Freight Agent's Telphones : Old Phone 309, NewPhone 309.Children are much more likely tocontract the contagious diseaseswhen they have colds. Whoopingcough, diphtheria, scarlet fever andconsumption are diseases that are often contracted when the child has acold. For the quick cure of colds youwill find nothing better than Chamberlain's Cjugh Remedy. It can hedepended upon and is pleasant andsafk to take. For sale by all dealers.New Spring GoodsATTWIN BROS.Department StoreGinghams,White Goods,Percales,vwj 1 111 clliU LVXcLlil USpJDress Goods,Silks,Skirts, Suits,Piquas, Poplins, Dresses,Linens,Waists, Etc.Big Lot of Tobacco. Cotton at Lowest Prices.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyLow Round TripSympathetic."Dinkle was robbed by a footpadlast night.""I'll bet the hair on his head stoodup straight.""Dinkle hasn't any hair on his headto speak of, but he says the. fuss onhis fuzzy hat stood up straight"RATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, ;New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana. Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on 'sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month, with final return limit 25,days from date of Bale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will be12 days from date of sale. Liberal,stopovers allowed in homeseeter territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final retnrri-lifintsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, Jtfew" Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.'For fiarther-in'forrnatAon call on orwrite - . -- .W H. HARRIS, Arent.r- -:or::K.MITH, T. A;Notice! Poultry RaisersR 4-11-44I- CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,.Diarrhoea and alt Diseases of PoultryIfOND AS GOODNO CUKE, NO PJlTCMiss Katie Bryant, Bards town, Ky., says: "I nave used Recipe-4-I 1-44 for years aad think it the bestpoultry remedy made. It cures gapes and limbeineck without fail."WillCoomes, Bardttown, Ky.,tays: "One drop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the till cf a gapingchicken kills the worm and relieves the chickinstantlyi his the best preventive 1 have ever used."Mfg. aid Guaranteed by J. Robu Crame, Bardstown, Kyv Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLO BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MARCHES, 1912THE PARIS GRANDThursday, April"JOS. M. GAITES PresentsGreatest Event of the SeasonSEATS NOW ON SALE AT MITCHELL & B LA K EM ORE'PRICES: 50g, 75c, $ 1 , $ 1 .50 and $2.Orders by Mail or Telephone promptly attended to.JOHN HYAMS and LELIA McINTYREAnd the Original Companyof Sixty People"THE GIRL OF MYIn the Most Delightful .Atmospheric Musical ComedyIBook and Lyrics by Nesbit andHauerbach; Music by Hoschna.Master Commissioner'sRENTING OF LAND.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Joshua Barton's Administratrix, etc.,vs. Plaintiffs,Virgil Barton, etc., Defendants.Under and by virtue of an order inthe Bourbon Circuit Court rendered inthe above styled action, the undersigned Master Commissioner of thesaid Court will rent at public auction tothe highest and best bidder, at the"front door of the Bourbon county courthouse in the city of Paris, Ky., andabout the hour of twelve o'clock, noon,onMONDAY, APRIL I, 1 9 1 2,the following described property, viz. :About 2S3 acres of land hereinafterdesignated, belonging to the estate ofJoshua Barton, deceased, as follows:That portion of the land consistingof about 25 acres lying next to BillySmith and about 45 acres lying backof the Mansion House and adioinimrThomas Jones,adjoining EdJones, to beand about 17 acresIngels and Thomascultivated in corn;in the woods, nextabout 20 acresto Kennedy, tobe cultivated in tobacco: about 25 acres now in rye is toremain in rye, but the renter may havethe use of the same; about sixteenacres of land now in wheat the renteris to have, but is not to cultivate theland in any other crop; about 45acres is to remain in clover, the renter,to have the privilege of cutting the"same or grazing it down, but the landis not to be cultivated. The renter isto have the use of two tobacco barnson the place and all the tobacco sticksin the two barns for the purpose ofhousing the tobacco. Renter is to haveuse of the horse stable near the houseplace and is' to have right of egressand ingress over the land hereinafterdesignated as set aside for the widow,Jessie B. Barton. The remainder ofthe estimated 283 acres being now ingrass is to remain in grass and in noevent is to be cultivate. The renter is tohave use of two tenant houses locatedon the property above described to. berented and the renter has . the privilegeof putting tenants and employes ineither house, being responsible to theestate for , all damages in excess toordinary Wear and tear. He is furtherto allow Jessie B. Barton the use ofthe upper shed of the home barn forthe purpose of housing her stock during the winter, and to that end mustAgree to get his tobacco out at the.earliest practical moment. There isreserved to Jessie B. Barton the Mansion House, yard and garden and allthe outbuildings now occupied by her,and the lane and lot and front pasture ofabout 15 acres of land lying around whatis known as theVirgil Barton house, sheis also to have what is known as thewood pile lot, and she is further tohave the upper shed in the barn nextto the house for the purpose of housingher stock in the winter; this is subjectto the right of the renter of the landabove indicated to the use of the barnfor tobacco purposes and right is reserved by his heirs to enter upon theland in the fall of of the year for thepurpose of seeding or at any time toobserve the manner in which the property is being treated, and the right isfurther reserved for Commissioners toenter upon the land at any time during,the rental neriod for the purpose ofdividing the" same under orders of thisCourt, and the undersigned Commissioner will rent the abov&, describedland upon the above and set but' conditions as a whole for a period beginningApril 1, 1912, and ending March 1, 1913.Said renting will be made upon thefnllnwinfr terms: The renter will berequired to execute bond due and payable March 1, 1913, with surety to beapproved by said Commissioner, payable to said Commissioner, bearinginterest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum from March 1, 1913, until paid,and having the force and effect of. ajudgment. McMILLAN,Master Commissioner Bourbon CircuitCourt.M. P. Kenney, Auctioneer.(27-30mar-2t)The Men Who Succeed.as heads of large enterprises are menof great energy. Success today demands health. To ail is to fail. It's-utter folly for a man to endure a weakrun down, half alive condition whenElectric Bitters will pnt him right onhis feet in short order. "Four bottlesdid me more real good than any othermedicine I ever took," writes Chas.B. Allen, Sylvania,Ga. "After yearsof suffering with rheumatism, livertrouble, stomach disorders, and deranged kidneys, I am again, thanksto Electric Bitters, -sound and well."Tiy them. 50c at Oberdorfer's.Owing to the MagnitudePERSONALS.Mr. W. C. Willet, of Butler,isvisiting relatives m this city.Mr. James B. Dempsey is recovering from an attack of grippe.Miss Leu Harper of Franklincounty, is the guest of Mrs. W. 0.Ashurst.Mrs. W. VV. Fugit has returned toher home in Lawrenceburg after avisit to relatives in this city.Mrs. Chas. W. Heck has returnedfrom a .visit to Mr. and Mrs. JohnWinthrow, in Mt, Sterling.Mrs. Jennie Kenney Lyle arrivedfrom Louisville to be the guest of Mnand Mrs. John Lyle near this city.Mis3 Elizabeth Johnson has returned to her home in Mt. Sterlingafter a visit to relatives in this county.Mr. James McDonald,, of KansasCity, Mo., who has been visiting inthis city for several months, is inFlemingsburg'visiting his friend, Mr.John Morris and other Confederatesoldiers.(Other Personals od. Page 5)Prisoner is Captured.Dave Jackson, one of the four whoescaped from the jail in Winchesterrecently, was arrested in CynthianaTuesday and returned Zto "Winchester.He 13 the first of the fugitives to becaptured. Jailer James Mullins hadoffered a reward of $25 for each prisoner captured.Immense Line New-Wall Paper1.Call at my store and pick from thelarge new spring stock of wall paperjust what you need and have it put onnow and avoid the spring rush. Expert decorators ready to do your bidding. J. T. HINTON.NoJShow This'Season.For the first time in thirty-five yearsJohn Robinson's famous' circus willpass this summer without going on theroad. The high cost of living, includingf eed for the stock is given as thecause. Tne animals will be exhibitedin parks 'while the performers willhunt other jobs.Spring Opening.Our annual Spring Millinery Opening will be held this season on Wednesday and Thursday, April 3 and 4. Wewill endeavor to eclipse all our formerefforts and show the ladies who wantto be well dressed the proper thing inup to thB minute headdress. Stunning,mannish effects in walking hats,derbies, trotters and all the new thingsfor street wear. Exclusive stylesdirect from the Eastern markets indress hats, the largest stock we haveever shown will be on display. Ournew trimmer is from one of the largest wholesale nouses in the East andcertainly knows her business. She willbe glad to assist the ladies in makingtheir selection and suggest new ideaspertaining to the proper thing foreach individual type.MRS. COfiNE WATSON BAIRD.DECIOE YOURSELF.The opportunity is Here,. Backed" By Paris Testimony.Don't take our word for it.Don't depend on a stranger's state-,ment.Read Paris endrosement.Read the statements of Paris citizens. And decide for yourself.Here is one case of it:Mrs. A. C. Crawford, East Tenthstreet, Paris, Ky., suys: "AlthoughI never had occasion to take a kidneymedicine myself, I know what Doah'sKidney Pills will do, for they havebeen used in our family. One of uswas suffering from backache and painsthrough the kidneys and the action ofthe kidneys was irregular. Doan'sKidney Pills gave splendid results."Mrs. Crawford is only on of manvParis people who have endorsedDoan'sKidney Pills. If your back aches ifyour kidneys bother you, don't 'simplyask for a kidney remedy ask distinctly for Doan's Kidney Pills, the samethat Mrs. Crawford hadthe remedybacked by home testimony.For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo.New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates. .Remember the J.name Doan's-andtake no other. ' ' "V -1SPECIAL ORCHESTRAOf Ten Pieces, including Two First Violins, Second Violin, Piano, Bass, Harp,Drums, Trombone, Cornet, Piccolo.and Expense of thisSTOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTESMt Sterling is hoping for a newredrying plant in that city.'The wheat crop of Nicholas countyis reported to be in a bad conditionand bids fair to be almost a failure,James .Gregory of this county,bought of E. R. Little, of Montgomery, his fine jack, Marion, for1,000.The heirs of the late William Clarkhave sold their farm of 87 acres, lyingon the Payton's Lick pike, to W. T.Clark. Price $7,000. 'Allie Jones, of North Middletown,sold to a Southern Texas buyer anextra good black saddle horse at afancy price. The horse was shippedMonday night in charge of John Rye,of this city.W. L. Bramblette has sold hisfarm containing 93 1-2 aures of land onthe Paris and Jackstown pike, to Mr.R. L. Parker. The Jfarm adjoins theB. F. Walls land and is on- Hinkstoncreek. The consideration was private.The stockholders of the Farmers'Locse Leaf Warehouse in CarlisleTuesday voted to increase the capitalstock from. $27,000 to $100,000, and another large warehouse will be erectedin that city.Mr. Crit Pepper.formerly of Bourbon county, but who is now engagedin growing tobacco on the farm of Mr.Clarence Lebus in Fayette county,sold a basket of 20 pounds of cigarettetobacco in Lexington Monday for 70cents per pound.During the recent rush on- theMaysville tobacco market the members of the Aid Society of the FirstBaptist church solicited a hand fromeach wagon of tobacco and every basket. They placed on sale a small basket of their holdings which brought $40.According to tne statement madein Cincinnati Tuesday by Col. Jchn R.Allen, of Lexington, representing theBurley Tobacco Society, the TobaccoSociety plans to erect plants in Louisville or Covington, or in both citiesfor the manufactured the product ofthe members of the society.On Sanity's Border Line.Experts can hardly define the thinline that separates the insane fromthe sane. There is a twilight of themind in which -many people buy andsell, love and divorce, marry and givein marriage and live and die. At notime in their lives are they really insane more than a few moments at atime and yet they live in a world thatis jangled, out of tune and differentfrom that all around them.Even in Those Days.The children stood in awe beforeone of the museum mummies. Atlast the elder whispered to her father,"Why is the old woman wrapped upin bandages? Did she die of an accident?" Before he could reply theyounger girl said, "Oh, yes!. Shemust have heen run over by a motorcar. There's the number B. C.1461.' "Professional Bomb Throwers.The CMnese corps of trained bombthrowers reminds us that our ownregiment of Grenadier guards takesits name from the grenades or smallbombs which in early days theyhurled at the enemy in ah assault.And this primitive duty is also commemorated -in a flaming grenade embroidered .on the collars of theirtunics. London Chronicle.How to Get a Change.When It is impossible to move aconvalescent into different surroundings for the sake of a change, movethe furniture and pictures of the roominto different places. An invalid oftentires of seeing the same pictures andornaments in the same places weekafter week. Change the position of thefurnishings, and it will seem almostlike m ving into'' another room.Hospital Service for Dogs.A special ambulance service hasrecently been started in London forwounded dogs. It is run in connectionwith the Animals Hospital and Institute at Kinnerton street, PImlico.When a dog Is run over in the streetor injured in any way, the hospitalmay he 'phoned and a motor ambulance is immediately 'despatched. Aqualified -attendant always accompanies the ambulance.Attraction the Free List is Entirely Suspended.When Pride is Justified.Far too many mortals are vain andself satisfied because of some- temporary mercenary advantage.and in the'reagerness to display that advantFge ztevery opportunity often destroy theirgreatest blessing, the "physical counterpart of sunshine, which is their ownhealth. Neglected colds,, irregularmeals, overloaded stomachs andnightrevelry result in shattered nerves, depressed vigor and fatigue all of whichinvite decline and disease.Each person stands sentinel at theportals of his own health and he whoguards, protects, strengthens andbuilds up 'a rugged constitution isjustified in pride and finds therein hisown recompense the capacity to enjoythe fullness of life.The. strain of modern commercialand social living taxes strength andenergy and in maintaining the highestself efficiency we should net only cultivate deep breathing, out of door exer-.cise, regularity and temperance in allthings but study the greatest of allphysical power creators which is bodynourishment. In this, alcoholicpreparations should be carefully shunned and euch predigested nourishmentas Scott's Emulsion which enriches theblocd and creates vitality ty building,healing and strengthening should beselected.Scott's Emulsion is scientificallyprepared and is good for teethingbabies, nursing muthers, growing children, the aged and infirm. It containsnn wine or stimulant, but is whola-some and pure and has helped millionsto regsin health and sustain it.Worhless substitutes are sometimesoffered, but Scott's . Emulsion is thegenuine pure food medicine.Attractions at Lexington OperaHouse.John Hyams and Leila Mclntyre in"The Girl of My Dreams" Wednesday,April 3.John Drew in "A Single Man,"Thursday, April 4.Monday, April 8, Henry W. Savagewill present the farce hit of the season, "Excuse Me."You judge a man not by what hepromises to do, but by what he hasdone. That is the only true test.Chamberlain's Cough Remedy judgedby this standard has no superior.People everywhere speak of it in thehighest terms of praise. For sale byall dealers.English Selfishness.You cannot make an Englishman believe that his country is in a bad wayso long as his own affairs are flourishing. G. "W. Broad.Will Improve Property.Mr. Martin Doyle, owner oLJheproperty adjoining the old Chritsianchurch now occupied by" Stuart &O'Brien, will improve it by theerection of a two story brick building,the first floor containing ' two largestoreruoms, and the second floor willbe fitted up for apartments. Work onrazing the'old framehouse now standing on the lot will be begun in a fewdays.New Member Selected.The Division Board met in Millersburg Monday upon a call issued, byMiss Mabel Robbins, County SchoolSuperintendent, to fill the vacancy inthe Board occasioned by the death otMr. Fielding Hurst. There were threeof the four members present ana Mr.O. H. Collier was elected to serve until the first Saturday in August gwhena new member will be elected.T BENearly Anyone May Secure a. Splendid Hair Growth.We have a remedy .that has aided togrow hair and prevented baldness in93 cases out of 100 where used according to direction for a reasonable lensthof time. That may seem like a stronestatement it is, and we mean it tobe, and no one should doubt it untilthey have put our claims- to an actualtest.We sre so certain that Rexall "93''Hair Tonic will cure dandruff, preventbaldness, stimulate the scalp and hairroots, stop falling hair and growiewhair, that we personally give -our positive guarantee to refund every pennypaid us for it in every instance whereit does'noi give entire satisfaction tothe userRexall "93" Hair Tonic is as pleasant to use as clear spring water. It isdelightfully perfumed .and dues noturease or cum the hair. Two sizes,50c and 1. With our guarantee backof i.t you certainly take no risk. Soldoi ly at our store The Rexall Store.U. S. Varden & Son. -i--- -.DONBALDTwo Sixty-Foot Cars ofScenery and EffectsLeila Mclntyre, in "The Girl of My Dreams"at Paris Grand, Thursday, April 4.Queen 4 Crescent Route.Reduced fares to Cincinnati andretrun account World in Cincinnati," amissionary exposition of interest toall. Tickets on sale i March 11 to 13,inclusive ; 18 to 20 inclusive ; 25 to 27,incluisve; and April 1 to 3, inclusive;good returning within four days including date of sale. Apply-to nearestticket agent Queen & Crescent routefor full information.Church Has Nursery.In order that mothers with babiesmight be. able to attend church, andnot be troubled with the infants, a'nursery has been established by theFirst Methodist church at Vancouver,Wash. A room in the basement isused, and is equipped with toys forthe amusement of tne children.Uncle Ezra Says"It don't take more'n a gjil nv effortto git folks into a peck of trouble,"and a little neglect of constipation,.biliousness, indigestion or other liverderangement will do the same. If ailing take Dr. King's New Life Pills.for quick results Easy, safe, sure,and only 25c at Oberdorfer's.Evidently a Diplomat.A courtier taking- leave of LouisXIV., who was sending him as an ambassador to a foreign court, was, toldby the king: "My. most important instruction for you is to pursue a policyentirely different from that of yourpredecessor." "Sire," said the diplomatist, "I will endeavor to do so, thatyour majesty may not repeat the' advice to my successor."State of Ohio, City of Toledo, )Lucas County. v )" Frank J. Cheney maks oath that heis senior partner of the firm of F. .J.Cheney & Co., doing business in thecity of Toledo, county and stateaforesaid, and that said firm will paythe sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each an every case of catarrh that cannot be cured by the useof Hall's Catarrh Cure.FRANK J. CHENEY."Sworn to before me and subscribedin my presence this 6th day of .December, A. D. 2886.A. GLEASON,Notary Public.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and acts directly on the Hoodand mucous surfaces of the s-; -t.cm.Send for testimonials free. .F. J. CHEENY & CO.. To'cdo, O."Sold cy all druggists, 75c.Take Hall's Family Pills tor constiRation. - .8ThejNettletpn1Jap Model.Is the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear,Geo. McWilliams.t Eat WhatBROWN'S Q LITJ'LE TABLETS' Cures Indigestion. Dyspepsia, Heactbvrm:. OC PACKAGEG. S. Varden &- SbnrBourbon news, jparis, Kentucky, marqh 29. 1912.qrHEGirl Grows Crop o Tobacco.Milleraburg can boast of a very successful tobacco grower of the gentlesex and from the fact the crop wastended by a girl of 13 years of agemakes it all the more remarkable. Thegirl is Miss Agnes Waddell, daughterof Judge T. P. Waddell of MillersUurg, and the tobacco was grown inthe turl. ay pens in Millersburg. MissWaddell cared for her crop from thetime the plants were set until thetobacco was ready for cutting whenmale help was employed. The cropconsisted of about 130 pounds, whichwfs sold on 'the lo.ose leaf market atCarlisle for an average of $20 perhundred. Miss Waddell is happy overthe price she received for her product.Try It.Vinol contain" all the medicinalcuratives of cod liver oil. Just try it.jtfg VARDEN & SON, Agents.UAN uuneniEASTERSLIPPERSWe are showing a great assortment of Spring Footwear; alarge variety of the richest andmost exclusive designs in footcovering ever put on display byany one firm. We have beenfortunate in securing a Springline of Shoes that forStyle, Comfortand Low Pricecan not be excelled. Many ofthese are of the best high-grademakes and most beautiful styles.You -will do "well by looking theseover.Be Correctly Shod ForEaster and at a Great. Saving.Special values This weekLadies' Gun Metal, Patent and VelvetOxfords, Pumps and Shoes, LatestSpring Styles. Easter Special$2.49Ladies9 White Buck, Satin and GunMetal Pumps and Oxfords. EasterSpecial$1.99Men's Bench-made Spring Shoes andOxfords in Gun Metal, Tan and Patent Colt, $4.50 values. Easter Special,S3.49Misses' White Buck 2 -strap Pumps ofhigh-grade make, $3 values, sizes11 1 -2 to 2. Easter SpecialS1.99Sole Agents for the Walk-Over Shoes.Spring Styles Just Received.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. jHospital Location , May BeChanged..When the Massie Memorial Hospitalis established fn this city it will in allprobability -be of a different locationfrom that set out in the will of Mrs.Anna K. Massie who upon her deathbequeahted her home place'Hidaway"at the corner of Vine street and Stoneravenue for the purpuse. It is the purpose now to buy the White property,first proposed as a hospital, and dispose of "Hidaway" to Mr. W. C.Massie, a son of the late W. W.Massie.Mr. Massie met with the trustees ofthe hospital, Mrs. E. F. Clay and Mrs.Lucy Simms, and made a propositionto purchase the property that it maybe perpetuated in the family and atthe meeting of the City Council lastnight the matter was taken up. By aunanimous vote the Finance, Committee was instructed to dispose of thebequest of Mrs. Massie to the only sonof her deceased husband, and to usethe proceeds in ;tht- purchase of theWhite property to Ibe used for thehospital.The trustees of the proposed hospitalmet with Mayor Hinton yesterday anddiscussed the proposition made tothem by Mr. Massie . Mrs. Simms andMrs. day have secured an option onthe White property at' $6,000 and it isthe purpose to sell the bequest ofMrs. Massie and utilize the proceedsin the purchase of the White property.Following the action of the Councillast night the Finance Committee willat once open negotiations with Mr.Massie looking toward the transfer ofthe property to him if amicable termscan be reached.The White property has long beenregarded as the most logical place forthe hospital. It is located in an idealspot with the most excellent surroundings. The building contains twentythree rooms and is in a gocd. state ofrepair. It was erected by the late G.G. White at a cost of $30,000.Large Assortment.The largest and best assorted stockof rugs can be found at J. -T. Hinton's.Ladies Attention.Don't forget the dates of our springillinery opening, April 3 and 4. Youare cordially invited to attend.MRS. CORNE WATSON BAIKD.Good Advice.Read Amy's letter to Lou everyweek, you will find them in J. T.Hinton's ad. She will keep you postedby givngyou good advice.Agricultural. Train Here Today.The Agricultural Special Farm train,which is making a tour of thirty counties in Vrc State, will arrive in Paristhis morning at 9 o'clock. Mtichinterest is being manifested in thetrain in the cities through which it haspassed and farmers have turned out inlarge numbers to witness the exhibitsand hear the lectures. One department is devoted entirely to chickensand dairy products and the ladies ofthe cities through which the train haspassed have taken advantage of theopportunity to view the display gwhichis the most complete of the entiretrain. Farmers and town folk shouldtake advantage of the? opportunitypresented them this morning and during thejtwo hours the train will behere attend the displays and lectures.The train will arrive promptly at 9o'clock from Cynthiana.Have it Put Aside.Select your wall paper at J. T. Hinton's now and have it put aside.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.All kinds of fresh garden seed.LOUIS VIMONT.Mrs. W. W. Hutchesdn and daughter,Miss Myle Hutcheson, formerly ofEwing, arrived Monday as guests oftheir aunt, Mrs. M. J. Caldwell. Theyare enroute to Parsons, Kansas.Richard, the little son of Mr. andMrs. W. -R. Metcalf, was operated onMonday at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, for adnoida by Dr. Stucky.His father, who accompanied him,brought him home Tuesday.MrR. Estill Qurtis, who has beenspending several weeks with relativesin Georgia, was the guest of herbrother, Mr. E. B. Taylor, from Sunday till Tuesday. She was enroute toher home at Brooksville.Mr. C. W. Brown and sister, MissLydia, attended the funeral of theirlittle nephew, Master Lawrence Brown.at Cynthiana, Sunday. He W3s theson of Mr.'andvMrs. Ed. Brown. MissLydia his been at the bedside of thelittle .fellow for severs! days prior tohis death,Mrs. W. W. Hutchison and daughter,Miss Lyle Hutchison, formerly of Nepton, will leave today for a "visit torelatives at Mayslick after havingspent several daya with their aunt,Mrs. 31. J; Caldwell, and other relatives. They will . leave for Parsons,Kas., in about three weeks where theywill make their future-home.Cards are out announcing the approaching nuptials of Miss MaryElizabeth Bostrom to Mr. Wi liamHarvey Letton, both of Atlanta, Ga.,Mr. Letton is an old Millersburg boy,the son of Mrs. Jennie Letton, and hasa number of friends here who extendcongratulations. Miss Bostrom is ohof the prominent young ladies ofAtlanta, The wedding will take placeWednesday evening, April 10, at 9o'clock.The University of Cincinnati GleeClub and the Mandolin Club, who willappear at the opera house Saturdajevening, March 30, are supported bythe Musical Association of the college.The association arranges each year anannual tour of ten days during thespring vacation. The membership ofthe combined clubs is limited totwenty-sight, the 1911-12 club is thebest ever sent out by the university.The different sections are well balanced and the voices blend. The detailsof good part singing are worked outwith unusual, finish. The programsare constructed into twu parts:- Part 1 a claMsy exhibition of culture, fine singing and good comedy.Part 2 Scenes depicting collegelife, college srings, college fun by college men".Knights TempUr Busy.With tho one object in view of making the sixty-.fifth annual Conclave ofthe Knights Templar of Kentucky oneof greater success than any that hasbeen held in previous years, Coeur deLion Commandery No. 26, of this city,is making extensive preparations forthe receptibn of the plumed army inParis on May 29 and 30.Following a meeting held a fewnights ago at which various committees were appointed to have the workof arranging for the Conclave and theentertainment ot the visitors, eachcommittee has gone to work in earnestand their efforts prnmise'to eclipse theconclave. held here six years ago whichwas such a pronounced success.At the head of. the executive committee is Mr. MI H. H. Davis, one ofthe best known Masons in the State,and he, together with the other members of the committee are 1 tyingplans, which if worked successfullywill insure the most successful meeting of this branch of Masonry Jn thehistory of the grand lodge. .The music committee at a -recentmeeting closed a contract with 'theParis-Military Band for the serviceof the local pemraandery during thetwo days of the conclave. The bandwill be composed of twenty musiciansand the contract was, awarded to theParis band over bidders from othercities. Following are the committeeswhich have been appointed:Finance Committee M. H. H.Davis, chairman ; Roy Clendenin, O.R. Rankin, H. O. James.Publicity Committee Swift Champ,chairman; Thos. Kiser, O. T. Ginson,Hughes Campbell, H. O. James.Music Committee Frank Fithian,chairman; F. P. Walker. M. H.Dailey, Chas. Fithian,' Henry Terrell.Quarters Committee F. L. Lapsley,chairman : C. A. McMi!lan, HoustonRion, R. B. Hutchcraft, J. G. Williams; Chas. Duncan, Thos. Wilmoth.Transportation Committee W. HHarris, chairman; H. B. Arnold, B. SParker, J. J. Davidson-, W. O. Chambers, D. R. Thompson, R. E. Lusk.Dinner and Feeding Committee D.W. Peed, chairman ; O. R. Rankn, JJ. Redmon, W OFlorence.lEd. Rice,T. W. Current, Lindsey Stewart, J. U.Boardman, E M Dickson, D. G. Taylor, R. P. Hopkins. H. O. James.Reception Committee C. A. McMillan, chairman ; M. H. Dailey, B. A.Krank, Frank Fithian.Decorating Committee-T. W. Allen,chairman; O. T. Gibson, T. J. Ki3er,C. A. McMillan.Parade Committee J. Q. Ward,chairman; G. S. Varden, D. W. Peed.Program Committee W. S. Chamr,chairman ; A. Frank, M. H. H.Davis.Badge Committee-T. W. Allen,chairman; W. S. Champ, B. A. Frank,R. B. Hutchcraft, Jr.A Cure for Hog Cholera.If your hogs are Hick come in andget Laughlin's Cholera Cure, and curethem. The best farmers in Bourboncounty will tell you it cures. For saleonly byCHAS. E. BUTLER & CO.,Druggists.20 tf Opp. Court House, ParisDEATHS.Mr. Harry P. Forrester, formerlyof this county, died in Chicago Monday night after an illness of about sixmonths. Mr. Forrester was a son ofthe late Judge Robert and MaryForrester, cf -Bourbon county, whoresided near Jacksonville. He is survived by his wife, who before marriage was Miss Kate Smedley, of Hutchison, a sisffer of Messrs. Aaron, Broadand Wm. Smedley, of Hutchison, andJohn G. Smedley, of Millersburg," andthree sons, Broad Forrester, cfMississippi, and Hughes and GeorgeForrester, of Chicago. The funeralwas held in ChicagOjyesterday and theremains interred in Oakwood cemetery.Spring. Stock.One ofthemost fexquisite lines ofcarpets an1 rugs ever brought to Parisis now on display in our carpet department. From the plainest to the mostelaborate patterns The prices willsuit. You need look no further thanmy store as we are sure to-please you.You are invited to call and have alook no matter whether you buy oro t.J. T. HINTON.THEATRICAL.THE GIRL OF MY DREAMS."At the Paris Grand next Thursday.April 4, Jos. M. Gaites will presentJohn Hyams and Leila Mclntyre in hisatmospheric musical play. -.."The Girlof My Dreams." This musical production which had its initial presentationin Chicago last season enjoying atwelve weeks' run, is said to be one ofthe most delightful and refined musical plays seen in years and a worthysuccessor to Gaites' famous "ThreeTwins."The story of the piece tells of abachelor's downfall before the charmof a demure little Quaker girl. Theseroles will be those of the principals,John Hayms and Leila Mclntyre. Thebachelor is much of a club man andhas the cynical' attitude of his classtoward the feminine sex. A habit oibreaking village speed ordinancesleads him into a bad, motor, accident.He, is carried, much injured, -into aQuaker household where he is nursedback to health by the Girl. By thetime he is able to look about from anarm chair his ideals of bachelorhoodare shattered.The Quakeress and her father golater to the city to see the hachelorand the young woman is much shockedby her prospective husband's friends.She doesn't know whether she loveshim or not, but the aky is clear in timefor a happy wendding Just before thadrop of the final curtain. The piece ischuck full of catchy musical numbers,"I'm Ready to Quit and Be Good"effectively rendered by Mr. Hyams,and Miss Mclntyre's deilghtful"DoctorTinkle Tinker" being the most popular. The supporting companj numbersamong the principals Alice Hills,Harold Forbes, Carrie Bowman, IrvingBrooks, Wm. G. Ricciardi, DeliaNevin, Perciat Aylmer and Henry CarlLewis. Seats on sale at Mitchell &Blakemore's. Free list 'is entirelysuspended.IVBaking PowderAbsolutely pureMakes delicious homebaked foods of maximumquality at minimum costMakes, home, baking apleasure.'. The only Baking Powdermade from Royal GrapeCream of TartarNo Alum No time Phosphates$1.Wia5 siari a bank account here,and start you on the road tosmccessoU flgriculturi Bank of Paris.Capital Surplus Protection$100,00.00 $67,500.00 $367,500.00rimYOUGINGOALONiCcoyrirht 1310. by tho Staadard Adv. Co.THERE are two' things that permit of a man stopping work, one wijled and one against will.The accumulation of wealth permits aman to say when he will stop work. Physical incapaciatiora demands it. Will this demand find youwithout mosiey I si this bank?United States Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsI DEP0S1T BANK OF PARIS,X Capita! $100,000 Surplus $30,000