PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI. 'PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 19126wASmmmsIMONDcp't Store,White Sale andClearance SaleBegins Jan, 13,Ends Jan. 27.SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParts, KentuckyWhat Say You?You can borrow money through the banksoer cent, and buv groceries and save moreenough to pay interest. Try it.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar SI. 008 .bars Lenox Soap 25c3 boxes Matches 10c2 cans good Corn locFull qt. can Karo Syrup ., 10cDry Salt Bacon, per lb 10cPure Hog Lard, per lb 12cNavy Beans, per lb 5 l-2cLima Beans, per lb ScBliia Ribbon Flour, 25 lb. Sack 70Blue Ribbon Flour, 50 lb. Sack.-. ".. . 1.40Blue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75The above is only a few of the many bargains wehave for you. We have a large and fresh stock of everything in the grocery line and invite you to our store andbecome one of our customers and see how much moneywe can save you. We also want to buy all of your eggsand butter and will pay the top market price for them inspot cash.WYou get what you buy at our store and we are notafraid to make the price right. Why? Because it's cash a-to all, and credit to none, and you don't have to pay for Kwhat the other fellow don't pay for. Call and see us, or W'phone 234 either phone. wT. C. LENIHArocery.Both Phones 234REDUCTION SALE OFPRICE & CO.Ii Men's Suits and Overcoats.$30.00 , now $22.5025.00 now 18.7522.50 -1- now 17.0020.00 now 15.0018.00 now 13.5015.00 J. now 11.75 x12.50 now 9.351 0.00 now 7.50If in need, now is your time to buy. Comeand get a good selection.PRI6&& 60. ClothiersNormal Defeats High School Five 'iIn an intensely interesting and exciting contest at the High School Gymnasium Friday evening the Paris High .School basket ball team went down indefeat before the Eastern KentuckyNormal team by a score of 24 to 16.The local team extended themselves in 'the first half and looked to be easily!thb best hut by clever team work a.nd jaccurate goal throwing on the part of:their opponents, they overcome the jlead in the last half and walked awaywith the contest.The game was marked by fast workthroughout and many fouls were calledfor rough work four of which werecounted on each side. In the last halfBroddus, the Richmond forward, became incensedat a decision of UmpireLancaster andas a result was ejectedfrom the game, and Maynard wassubstituted.In the first half the Paris boys counted ten points on four field goals andtwo fouls while Richmond countedeight on two fouls and three fieldgoals. The lcual boys were veryaggressive and exercised reat skill inthe first period but in the last hairtheir defense was poor which aidedtheir opponents to a great extent.In the last period Slicer was substituted for Meglone and Hcrton was replaced by Dejarnett. The latter changeproved to be disastrous and to the defense put up by Dejarnett ii. attributed the defeat of the Faris team, five ofthe goals in the latter half being theresult- of puor guarding.Meglone, Curtis and Slicer were thestars of the locals, each being responsible for four points, while Simmons was class of the visitors. During the contest he threw six fieldgoals, counting one-half of the pointsmade by the Normal team. The lineup was:P. H. S. Thompson, Meglone andSlicer, guards; Curtis, center ; Horton,Dejarnett and Chisholm, forwards.Eastern Normal Ham and Jordan,guards; Simmons, center; Broddus,Dye and Maynard, forwards.Umpire and Referee Lancaster ofFaris, Wilson, of Richmond.The contest between the girls of theParis JligK 'School and the" RichmondHigh School resulted in an overwhelming defeat for the visitors by a Bcoraof 44 to 0. The visitors were neverdangerous and the contest was too onesided to be of interest. Mi3ses Heller,f aul, Denton and Rummans being thestars, the latter throwing eight goalswhile Miss Heller was next with five.The line-up was :P. ri. S. Heller and Chambers,guards ; Hayden, center ;Taul, Denton,Rummans and Slicer, forwards.R. H. S. Martin and Jones, guards;Clarke and Broddus, center; Davidsonand Sherrerj forwards. rCall and See.Your special attention is called tothe reductions in clothing and shirtswe are now offering. Call and see.19 2t MITCHELL & BLAKEMOKE.JnW?vatthaniatFire Damages Church.Fire, which originated from an overneated furnace, came near destroyingtde Christian church at Little RockSunday morning. During the serviceswhich were being conducted by ElderD. Stoner.it was noticed the house became very warm and the congregationwas dismissed. An investigation disclosed the joist under the auditoriumburning fiercely. The blaze was extinguished with small damage, butlater in the day broke out again andbefore the blaze could be controlled thebuilding was considerably damaged.Fire and tornado insurance.McCLURE & CLENDEMIN.9mGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclass barbers. 13 tfDEATH.Mrs. Margaret Cravens died Wednesday night at her Miome near LittleKock. from the inhrmities or age inher eighty-ninth year. She had beenin ill health for abuut two years andwas partially paralyzed. Her onlysurviving son, Mr. L. R. Cravens, is illwith nervous trouble, and was unableto attend his mother's burial, whichtook place at Somerset Thursday.Many friends here learned withregret of the death jot" John F. Rymewho died of uraemic poison at the homeof his mother in Lexington. Mr. Rymewas a former resident of Mt. Sterlingand about three years ago accepted alucrative position in Chicago which heheld until two years ago when he wentto South Dakota. Taking up a homeJ&stead he remained until about twomonths ago, when nis health failing hereturned home in a vain effort to recuperate. He was an exemplaryyoung man and '"as very popular andnumbered his friends by his acuaintances His remains were taken to Mt.Sterling for burial MondayMrs. Mollie Case, agec 62 years,died at the home cf her niece, Mrs.Joseph Jacoby, near Hutchison, thiscounty, Saturday after a short illnessof bronchial pneumonia. Mrs. Casewas the widow or Joseph Uase, and issurvived by two sisters, Mrs. McLeod,of Lexington, and Mrs. EdwardBarnes, of Cynthiana. She was thestepmother of Mr. William Case 'andMrs. J. H. Huffman, both of thiscounty.The funeral took place Sunday atthe residence of Mr. Joseph Jacoby ateleven o'clock, the service being conducted by Rev.. S. A. Arnold, and theremains were taken to Lexingtonwhere they were interred in the Lexington cemetery.The pall-bearers were: WilliamHase. Edward Games. Edward W.t Tills Joseph Huffman, Joseph Jacobyi nd John McLeod..W ... I66WE KNOW HOW "I Jan n arv (11ON ALL WINTER GOODS!Suits, Overcoats, Underwear, Shirts and Men'sFornishingSo Now is Your Chance to Buya Suit or Overcoat at Reduced Prices,And if You Are in Need of Under Clothes, this is theStore to Make Your Purchase.$35.00 Suits and Overcoats $27.95oft P 'it ou.uu duus zo.yo27.50 Suits 21.9525.00 Suits 1 . 18.9522.50 Suits L.v : . 16.9520.00 Suits :. 14.9518.00 Suits 13.4515.00 Suits 11.9512.50 Suits 9.9510.00 Suits 7.45For THEMitchell &Outfitters to MenSp EiEimiiiiiiiiiiiwjjiuniur-iiiiiiiimFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.rr oDig Clearance oWill Last One More Week.Sale Ends January 27th.Choice of Any Winter Suit - ;OR1 Any Fancy Cloak, $10.00 Each. ;Big Bargains in Fur Muffs and Sets.Silks and Dress Goods.S Remnants of all Kinds.Don't Miss This Sale. K:FrankParis, ;)Q. Miir:nnmiiiimiiinmiam an fifi Sal a 1Manhattan Shirts I$2.50 Shirts2.00 Shirts...... ....1.50 Shirts1.00 and $1.50 Shirts...$1.88.... 1.48... 1.1550Bargains SeeBlakemore9Paris, Kentuckyif w- vvr- m.wmmOURaie& Co.Kentucky - 1mi!8JSm " w ! ii j mm imi ii ii m hi i wmu ' ' in- 4 ti?THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 23. 1912.IALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.LOWRY &Feiris. KentuokvfafafaifafafafafafafafafawiffafafaBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourhoDFaris, ICesiiucky.O. H. CHENAULT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and D. W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryerNo. 57-1-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBoth jhones 9G5V LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warhoush; the experience and suceess of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We havev calculators to figure the sabs behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND mitiXJTOKST. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Srone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. G. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.-Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with" the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bringtheir tobacco to himand to'come to the house to. see him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.The Famous jR&yb LampThe best Dart of trie dav is thegathered together around the lamp.The old dayt of the imoky fireplace and Bickering candle are gone forever. In theirplace hare come the convenient oil Move and the indispensable Rayo Lamp.There are to-day, in the United States alone, more than 3,000,000 of these Rayokp, Hvingvtheir dear, white light to more than 3,000,000 homes.Other lamps cost more, but you cannot oet a better light than the low-priced Rayopres. k has become so popular we may almost call it "the official lamp of thmAmncaa family."Tke Rayo is made of solid brass, with handsome nickel finish an ornament any when.Ak jrwr dcaW fori Rayo Usp ; or wrte for cWnptire circular to aay agjeacy of theStandard Oil Company' . (Iacorporat4)will not be yours unless youhave a pa.;lo:. stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper.TALBOTT-jarOffice Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.LauoO. H. Chenault, Lexington, KyR, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Kv.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.'J. G. Roberts, Auctioneer. 'evenincr. when ukn1ATHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124.SWIFT CHAMP. -Entered at the Paris, Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1 38 J 3CT Years of ContinuQus PublicationDisplay advertisements, $1.00 pereach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line each issue; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter,Special rates for big advertisements.Published Every Tuesday and Friday.-ONE YEAR,S&.00 IPayable inSome Modern Dances.We are glad tc see the beginning ofan agitation against some of the outlandish and indecent dances that havecome into fashion in this country inthe past two or three years.How any reasonably decent humanfirst got the real bright idea of takingsuch a monster contrivance as the"grizzily bear" dance from the lowlyresorts in uuu big cities and introducing it in entertainments attended bypure-minded young gills, is beyond thecomprehensive power cf the writer.And yet that is just what has benndone. There was ? time not so verymany years back when dancing was asocial function in this country wasmore or less uniform and more or lessgraceful. The dancing of the presentday is frequently grotesque, and inmany instances absolutely indecent.While none of the more objectionable dances have gained a foothold inthis community it is gratifying to notea ban has 'been put upon it in thesocial circles of the large cities, andbefore it would, have an opportunity tobecome, popular among our poplehere. Another word: In most casesthe young girls who dance the "turkeytrot" and the "grizzily bear" at respectable gatherings "do not realizeeither the history or significance ofthese dances. That is all the morereason why the unciean things shouldbe sent back to the low dives andbrothals where they had their origin.'The Rat as a Plague Carrier.From the far East, once the abodeof wise men, comes some interestinginformation concerning the rat in hismodern role as a carrier of disease,It has long heen an accepted theorythat rats are the chiey agency in thecarrying of the pjague. Yet expertswho have been conducting investigations in Manchuria since the fearfulepidemic appeared there in 1910 agreein giving the rat a cleanbill of health.Careful search has failed to discover asingle infected rat in the plague ridden provinces.The criminal repsonsibility in thisinstance is transferred from the rat tothe tarabagan, a fur bearing animalfairly common in Eastern Mongolia.But the tarabagan is a member of themarmot family and therefore a rodent.Consequently the findings of the experts excjlpate the rat, only to inculpate a cousin of his. The questionwhether the rat is capable of carryingplague germs is not touched upon atall. He may be altogether blamelessin this particular case, but his bloodguiltiness in other and"" similar outbreaks has not been disproven.In any event, the attitude of mankind towards the rat is not likely tobe altered because of the reports ofthese epxerts. He will continue to beregarded as noisome, vicious and dangerous. His extermination is demanded as a matter of precaution, eventhough one charge in the indictmentagainst him has been stricken out.Need for Enthusiasms."My son, we should lay up a stockof absurd enthusiasms in our youth orelse we shall reach tlte end of ourjourney with -an empty heart, for welose a great many of them by theway." Victor Cherbuliez.Waded Through Bfood in China.J. t Ogden, a Christian church missionary arrived in San FranciscoThursday with his family after a 1,000mile journey through Chins and TihprJin which all narrowly escaped death;According to the missionary he andhis wife were compelled several timesto wade throuRh blood in the journeyfrom Batang, Tibet, to the French province of Tong King, China. They arrived Thursday on a Japanese liner."The story of the isolated provincesin Northern China is one that willshock the world, once it is told," saidMr. O&den. "I was sent to Tibet sixyears ago as a missionary."The warlike Tibetans have takenup arms and are using the revolutionin China as an excuse for plunderingand pillaging. There is far more to befeared, as far as the' missionaries areconcerned, from the Tibfltans than thereis from the Manchus and Chinese."The Rev. Mr. Ogden and Mrs. Ogdenhave many relatives in Nicholas coun--y,their former home, and were regarded as the special representative ofthe Christian church in ithatcounty inthe mission field. - ';.NO. 320 MAIN STREET.Editor and Ownerinch for first time; 50 cents per inch10 cents per lm9.SIX MONTHSAdvance1.00Charity.The noble work of charity was verynoticeable in thi3 community duringthe extremely cold'' weather andunfortunates were proivded with comforts which fate haddeniedThem. Thecity and county officials were besiegedwith appeals for assistance, and theorganiaztiGns of the churches contributed largely to the relief of theunfortunates.Jn a great many instances the charitable organizations, the city and countywere imposed upon. This is due tothe fact that the methods used in dispensing charity among the poor, wasconducted along a line that furnishedan opportunity fGr them to secure relief from more than half a -'ozensources.This method of distributing charitydates far back, and our attention iscalled to the fact that in a number ofinstances relief has been extended tofamilies by gdilfernt organizations Gfthechurches as many as three cr fourtimes.This works quite a hardship, Jespeciaily to those who are devoting theirtime to the work and is an impositionupon those who give freely to thecause. The organizations of the various churches should combine and receive contributions land distributecharity upon a systematical plan. Thiswould furnish a means of ' reaching alarger number of suffering people witharticles of food and clothing and eliminate the chances for the impositionsthat have been heaped upon the goodpeople of the community.Unit Bill Passed fay House.The county unit bill extending thelocal option laws of Kentucky to allthe counties alike was passed by theHouse of Representatives of the Kentucky Legislature Friday by a vote of70 to 19. Former Governor Beckhamis civen credit for the passage of thebill.There was not the slightest doubtbut that the bill would pass the Housewhen placed upon its passage and thereal fight of the day was to delay thevote on the bill by recommitting themeasure to the Committee on CountyUnit and Pubilc Morals, Representatives Atherton, Robertson, J. W. Holland and Smith led the fight tj recommit the bill while RepresentativesNiles. Owings and McClure maiie thefight to put the bill on its passaee.Representative Harry Meyers, ofCovington, in a characteristic speech,said that he had notified GovernorMcCreary the night before the Democratic State convention that he wouldnot support the county unitdenounced former Governurfor the part he had taken inbill. HeBeckhamthe con-vention in putting the county anitplank in the platform, and gave to himthe full credit for its passage..The House unanimously passed theSenate resolution inviting WilliamRandolph Hearst to make an addressbefore the Assembly at any time tosuit his convenience. An invitationalso was extended later to WilliamJennings Bryan and former PresidentRoosevelt to come to Kentucky and address the Assembly.ST0CK,fCrU)PAND FARM NOTESHenry Cay wood, of North Middletown, recently bought a nice bay mareby Highland Gay, of Bridges Bros., ofMt, Sterling, for $250. -At the annual meeting of theBoard of Directors of the MontgomeryCounty Fair Association held lastweek the time for holding the fair for1912 was set for the week of July 16 to20 inclusive. Mr. C. G. Thompson wasunanimously elected president of theAssociattion to succeed J. R. McGowan, who declined to stand for reelection, and W. C. Hamilton was reelected secretary, practically over hisprotest. 'The Farmers' Home Journal savs:"The handsone chestnut stallionRichlieu King is in the stable of A. G.Jones and may possibly be exhibitedby this showman in 1912. That is ifhe does not show his own stallion,Marelv King. Eichlieu King is anintensely inbred horse beine a son ofthe closely inbred Bourbon King, whilehis dam is bred just like Annie C.dam of Bourbon King. MontgomeryChief, Marvel King, etc. She ig byWilson's King, dam by Richlieu thesun of Indian but was 'taken sick and'could not be shown. Just now he isdoing especially well and anyone having a stallion to show would do well tokeep a watch out for him, Tor a mareor gelding either for he appears to iea horse of "stake" caliber clearthrough. He is owned by Young Bros.,of North Middletown, Ky.,?The Efromr.ch is a larger factor in " life, liberty ani the pursuit of happiness" then most people are aware. Patriotismcan withstand hunger but not dyspepsia. The confirmed dyspeptic "is fit for treason, ritratcgeins and spoils." The manwho goes to the front for his country vith a weak stomachwill be a weak eoldier and a fault finder.A sound stomach makes for good citizenship as well as forhealth and happiness.Diseases of the stomach and other organs of digestion andnutrition are promptly and permanently cured by the use oDr. PIESGE'S GOL&EX H7EDIGZ1L DISSOVESY.It builds up the body with sound flesh azdsolid snnscle.The dealer who offers a substitute for the "Discovery" honly seeking to make the little more. profit realized on thesale of less meritorious preparations.Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser is sent freeon receipt of stamps to pay expense of mailing only. Send21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered book, or 31 stampsfor the cloth bound. ' Address World's Dispensary MedicalAssociation, R. V. Pierce, M. D., President, Buffalo, N. Y.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED E1BALME8.BOTH'PHOItfES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.The Best is noneand make the Women happy.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenii. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North MirMetown, Little7 Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service."The East Tennessee Telephone CoIncorporatedJInnie LangfyornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Phoe 669GOOD LIVERWhen you suffer from any form ofindigestion it is always well to takesomething for the liver, as usually thetrouble lies there. If you are bilious,have a bloated feeling after eating, ifyou belch, if your skin is yellowishyou may be sure it is liver trouble.What you need is something to stirup the liver, to arouse the gastricjuices so that they will aid in the digestion of your- food. A very goodremedy for this, and one highly recommended by those who have usedit, is Dr. Caldwell's Syrup Pepsin,which you can obtain of any druggistat fifty cents or one dollar a bottle.But if you have any doubt about itsmerits, and would prefer to try itfirst, send your address to Dr. Caldwell and he will promptly send you. afree sample bottle.iuvuatMiu. vi pcupic nrst icarneaaxnousmloo good for you.Joe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agent.REMEDY FREEof this remarkable cure for stomach,liver and bowel troubles through afree sample. Mrs. Frank Lilly ofPlainview, 111., sent for one and itcured her and she is open in sayingthat she will never take pills or strongcathartics again, as Syrup Pepsin actsso mildly. Mr. W. L. Bryant, thePostmaster at Sardis, Tenn., says hewill never be without it again. Nosick person can afford to ignore aremedy so highly endorsed as this.It is good for aU the family frominfancy to old age,xbecause it is mild,free from griping-and yet promptlyeffective. Furthermore, results areabsolutely guaranteed or. money willbe refunded.For the free sample address Dr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell buildmMonticello, 111.THE- 600RB5N NEWS, PARIS," KENTUGKY, JAN; 23 1 12.Sc -ne From Act III of Chas. Klein'sAt Paris GrandLi1 iIN EFFECT JAZn 14,rrains JLrri-veFROM34 Atlanta, Ga., Dafy ; ; 5 21 am1-4 Lexington. Ky., Daily 4.34am:y Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am" Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.55 am?0 Lexington, Ky , Daily Except Sunday S.12 am1-7 Cincinnati, 0., DBily ; 9.50 am3 Maysville. Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amf3 Cincinnati, O., Daily... . 10.24 am2G Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am2t Cyntbiana, K.y., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm ii 38ZB539o08T214clLexington, Ky.. Daily 3.34 pmKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily ; 3.25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily 1 5.25xpmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday -v 5.40 pmLexington, Ky., Dally 6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville, Fla.. Daily ". T 6 05 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 10.45 pmCincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 pmTrains DepartNo. TO84 Cincinnati. O., Daily .5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am4Q Cincinnati, 0, Daily' Except Sunday 8.20 anc10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am1-7 Lexington, Ky., Daily 9.57 amTt Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 amS3 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.34 pmIB Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday ' 5.57 pm"2 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.15 pm!3 Lexington, Ky., Daily 6.15 om'-o Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 0.25 pm-1 Lexinsrton, K., Daily 7 10.55 pm..3 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 10.57 pmF.dbC T?IL-C-E3-1PA.-BT.-iT!iIK EFFECT OCTOBER. 3, 1S11. " .Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 s'rankfort, Ky., iQaily Except Sunda . . .8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 40 pm5 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday r. .5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only ; .'i 10. 0u pmTrains Depart xj?o. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only.... 7.10 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky, Daily Except Sunday 5.52 am4 :7vROur new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt, Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Geo. M9W Slams'The Gamblers,"1911. AT 11:59 P.-M.For 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for true meconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Great Play,To-night.j Tli Pool: ' !1 "of Flame II 1 1If ' By ILOUIS JOSEPH VANCE i !i Illustrations by Ellsworth Young jCopyright 1909,, by Louis Joseph VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The story onens atj Monte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler, isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulgirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight. -CHAPTER II. O'Rcurke's mind isfilled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goes to the gaming table he allows his'I remarkable winnings to accumulate inj differently. He notices two men watching mm. one is the lion. Uertie LJiynn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrebes, a noted duelist. When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him horepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission.CHAPTER III. At his. room O'Rourke,who had agreed to undertake the mission,awaits the viscount. O'Rourke finds amysterious letter in his apartment. Theviscount arrives, hands a sealed packageto O'Rourke, who is not to open it untilon the ocean. He says the French government will pay O'Rourke 25,000 francsfor his services. A pair of dainty suppers are seen protruding from under a juuurway curiam niiu iwtj viscount cimicO'Rourke with having a spy secretedthere.CHAPTER IV. "When the Irishmangoes to his room he finds there the owner of the mysterious feet. It is his wife,Beatrix, -from whom he had run away ayear previous. They are reconciled, andopening the letter he had received, hefinds that a law firm in Rangoon, India,offers him 100,000 pounds for an Indianjewel known as the Pool of Flame andleft to him by a dying friend. O'Rourketells his wife that it is in the keepingof a friend named Chambret in Algeria.CHAPTER V. O'Rourke is forced tofight a duel with the viscount. The braggart nobleman is worsted in the combatand acts the poltroon.CHAPTER VI. The loyal wife bidsO'Rourke farewell and he promises tosoon return with the reward offered forthe Pool of Flame. He discovers bothGlynn and the viscount on board theship which takes him to Algeria.CHAPTER VII. Chambret has left Algeria and O'Rourke has to gain a military detachment going across the desertto reach his friend. As he finds the latterthere is an attack by bandits andChambret is shot.CHAPTER VIII. Chambret dies tellinO'Rourke that he has left the Pool ofFlame with the governor general of Algeria. He gives the colonel a signet ringat the sight of which he says the officialwill deliver over the jewel.CHAPTER IX. O'Rourke Is attackedbv Glynn and the viscount who ransackhis luggage, but he worsts them in theconflict.CHAPTER X. When he arrives at Algeria the Irishman finds the governorgeneral away. He receives a note fromDes Trebes making a mysterious appointment. CHAPTER XI. The viscount tellsO'Rourke that he has gained possessionof the jewel by stealinar it from the safeof the governor general. He does not,however, know who has offered the reward for It. He suggests a duel withrapiers, the victor to get that informationand the jewel."Precfsely. I'm convinced that, being what ye are, ye did only what yecould."The vicomte bowed, amusementflickering in his glance. "Touched,"he admitted. . . . "Well . . . rhave the jewel, you the information.""And ye have to propose ?""A plan after your own heart: I doyour courage the credit to believe it,monsieur. With another man, whomI had studied less exhaustively, Ishould propose a combination offorces, a division of profits." O'Rourkemade an impatient gesture. -"But withyou, Colonel O'Rourke, no. I esteemyour address and determination toohighly and pardon me if I speakplainly I despise and hate you tooutterly to become willingly your partner." "Go on I begin to like ye better.Ye grow interesting.""That does not interest me. . .The situation, then, is simplified. Essentially it involves two propositions: ;first, we cannot combine; second, divided we both fail. While both of uslive, mon colonel, the Pool of Flamewill never earn its value."" 'Tis meself takes exception tothat. Let me once get mewhands onthe stone, monsieur, and I'll back meself against a dozen vicomtes andhonorables.""While I live," the Frenchman stated, unruffled; "you will notHouch thePool of Flame; while you live, I cannot dispose of it to the best advantage. It would seem that one orthe other of us must die.""I am armed," remarked O'Rourkeslowly, "if ye mean ye've brought mehere to murder me ""Monsieur speaks pardon crudely. I asked you, you came of yourown will to fight for the Pool ofFlame." O'Rourke started; a glint ofunderstanding danced in his eagereyes. "I see you catch my meaning.What I have to propose, is this: youwill take pen and paper and writethe name of the person who offers thereward, with his address. This youwill enclose in an envelope, seal, andplace in your pocket. The Pool ofFlame you see I trust you is here."O'Rourke got upon his feet with anexclamation ; the jVicomte was playing a bold hand. Before the Irishmanhad grasped his intention he hadthrown upon the table a ruby as large,an exquisitead polished.jewel, superblyfascinated, O'Rourke remembered,himself1 and sat down? - ;"You see." The vicomte's cold incisive tones cut the silence. Slowlyhe extended a. hand and took up thegreat ruby, replacing it in llis pocket."There is," he said evenly, " a levelstretch of grass beyond the veranda.The. night, I admit, is dark, but thelight from these long windows shouldbe sufficient for us. If you slay me,take the ruby and go in peace: thissot" with a contemptuous glance atthe unconscious honorable "will never hinder you. If you die, I take thenote from your pocket. The issue isfair. Will you fight, Irishman?"O'Rourke's fist crashed upon thetable as he rose. "Fight!" he cried."Faith, I did "not think ye had this inye. Pistols, shall it be?""Thank you," said the vicomte, witha courtly bow, "but I am an indifferent shot. Had you chosen rapiers atMonte Carlo one of us would neverhave left the field alive." IHe went to a side table, returning jvith a sheet of paper, an envelope,pen and ink. And when O'Rourke had jslipped the paper into his pocket he jsaw the vicomte waiting for him byone of the windows, two naked ra- jpiers, slender and gleaming and long,beneath his arm. As the Irishman ;came up,with a bow, the Frenchman ipresented the hilts of both weaponsfor his choiceTogether and in silence they left jthe dining-room, strode across the-ver-anda and down, a short step, to thelawn. The vicomte stood aside quickly, bringing his feet together and saluting in the full glare of light.O'Rourke whipped hilt to chin withconsummate grace, his heart singing.Work such as this he loved. -The;night was pitchy black, the windowsbarred it with radiance. In the darkspaces between a man might easilyblunder and run upon his death. . .. Somewhere in the shadowy shrubbery a night-bird was singing asthough its heart would break. Therewas a sweet smell in the air.His blade touched the vicomte'swith a shivering crash, musical asglaiss.CHAPTER XII.Early in the dull hot dawn a clatter of winches and a bustle ofshadowy figures on the deck of asmall trading vessel, which had spentthe night between the mole.i of theharbor of Algiers, announced that theanchor was being weighed.While this was tricing place a smallharbor boat, manned by two nativewatermen and carrying a single passenger, put out from the steamshipquay, the oarsmen rowing with a willthat hinted at a premium having beenplaced upon their speed. The coasterwas barely under way, moving slowly in the water, when" the boat ranalongside. A line was thrown frqmthe ship and caught by one of thewatermen, the boat hauled close in,and its passenger taken on deck.An hour later, a pipe between histeeth, O'Rourke stood by the helmsman, staring back over the heavingexpanse, swiftly widening, that lay be:tween the coaster and the Algerianlittoral. The world behind was grayand wan, but the skies ahead weregolden. "A fair omen!" breathed theadventurer hopefully.The bulk of the .great ruby in hispocket brought his thought back in awide swing to the girl who would bewaiting for him at Rangoon. "Faith,and I must be getting below and making a dab at writing a letter to her.. . . That .was nothing."He nodded with meaning towardsthe bold profile of Algiers. . . .An ill wind it was that blew ColonelO'Rourke into Athens. ... It hasblown itself out and been forgottenthis many a day, praises be! but that,once it had whisked him thither, immediately it subsided and stubbornlyit refused to lift again and waft himforth upon his wanderings, Ln thecourse of time came to be a matter ofgrievous concern to the Irishman.All of which is equivalent to sayingthat the dropping breeze of hisfinances died altogether upon hisarrival in the capital of Greece. Hedisembarked from a coasting steamerin the harbor of the Piraeus encumbered with a hundred francs or so, aninvincible optimism, a trunk and akit-box, and a king's ransom on hisperson in the shape of the Pool ofFlame; which "latter was hardly tobe esteemed a negotiable asset. Thereafter followed days of inaction, whilehis hopes diminished.Nearly two months had elapsedsince he had promised two peoplehimself and one infinitely more dearto him to be in Rangoon in ninetydays. In little more than a monthshe'd be waiting for him there. . .And where would he be? Still washe far by many a long and wearymile from the first gateway to theEast Suez; and still he lacked manyan aloof and distant dollar the fundsto finance him thither.If only he could contrive to get toAlexandria ! Danny was thereDanny Mahone, he of the red, redhead and the ready fists; Danny, whoheld the O'Rourke as only second tothe Pope in dignity and importance;who had been O'Rourke's valet in ahappier time and of late in his humbler way an adventurer like his master. He was there, in Alexandria,half partner in a tobacco importinghouse, by virtue of money borrowedfrom O'Rourke long since, at a timewhen money was to be had of theman for the asking.' . . . AndDanny would help. ....You must see O'Rourke revolving inhis mind this unhappy predicament ofhis, on the last of the many afternoonsthat he spent in Greece.- Draw downthe cornel's of his wide, mobile mouth,stir up . the devils - in his eyes untilthey flicker and flash their resentment,place a pucker between the brows ofhis habitually serene and unwrinkledforehead; and there- you have himwho sat beside the little table in thepurple of the Zappeion with a headbared to the -cool of the eveningbreeze, alternately puffing at a me-!diocre cigar and sipping black coffeefrom the aemi-tasse at his elbow.,,T . , . T . , iNow just as tte sun was sinking be-hind the mountains and Hymettus was ,clothing its long slopes m vague violetlight of mystery and enchantment (forthis view alone O'Rourke took himselfto the Zappeion daily) the Irishman'ssomber meditations were interrupted."Phew! 'Otter'n the seven brass'inges of 'ell!" remarkeda cneerrui 4voice, not two feet from his ear. jO'Rourke turned with an imper-ceptible start he was not easily sta- jtied. 'True for ye," he assented, tak- iing stock of him who, with his weath- jer-wise remark for an introduction,calmly possessed himself of theva- jcant chair at the other side of the !table and grinned a rubicund grin ',across it.He showed himself a man in staturenn vrhit infprw in tha TriflhrnnTito height; and perhaps he wasstone the heavier of the two. Helacked, otherwise. O'Rourke's alerthabit, was of a slower, more' stolidmd beefy build. The eyes that metO'Rourke's were gray and bright andhard, and set in a countenance flam-ing red a color partly natural andpartly the result of his stroll throughAthens' heated streets.His dress was rough, and there wasthis and that about him to tellO'Rourke more plainly than words Jthat his profession N was something inautical ; he was most probably a cap-!tain, from a certain air of determina-'tion and command that lurked be- Jneath his free-and-easy manner. jTherefore, having summed the jstranger up in a glance, "And when 'did ye get in, captain?"inquired !O'Rourke. vThe man jumped with surprise andshot a frightened at least a questioning glance at O'Rourke. Then,seeing that he was smiling in a friendly fashion, calmed and continued tocool his face and heat his blood byfanning himself vigorously with astraw hat." 'Ow the dooce do you know I'm acaptain?" he demanded, with a slightly aggrieved manner."It shouldn't take a man an hour toguess that, captain any more than 1it would to pick ye out for an Englishman." The captain stared, gray eyes widening. "An' perhaps you'll tell me mynyme next?" he suggested rathertruculently."Divvle a bit. 'Tis no clairvoyant Iam," laughed O'Rourke. "But I cantell ye me own. 'Tis O'Rourke, and'tis delighted I am to meet a whiteman in this heathen country. Sir, yourhand!"He put his own across the table andgripped the captain's heartily"Mine's 'Ole," the latter informedhim."Ole?" queried O'Rourke. "Olewhat?""Not Ole nothing," said the cap-jtain with some pardonable asperity."I didn't s'y 'Ole, I s'yd 'Ole.""Of course," O'Rourke assented !gravely. "I'm stupid, Captain Hole,and a bit deaf in me off ear." This, jhowever, was a polite lie."That explyns it," agreed the molli- Jfied man. "It's 'Ole, plyn WiiI'm 'Ole, jmaster of the Pelican, fryghter, just)in from Malta." iA light of interest kindled in jO'Rourke's eyes. He reviewed the man iwith more respect, as due to one whomight prove useful. "And bound ?he insinuated craftily. ' j"Alexandria. ... I just dropped iin for a d'y or two to pick up a bit 'of cargo from a chap down at Piraeus.It's devlish 'ot and I thought as 'owI'd tyke a run up and see the city ,'aving a bit of time free, y'know." ;. "Surely," sighed O'Rourke, a far-'away look in his eyes. "For Alexan- jdria, eh? Faith, I'd like to be sailing,with ye." !Again the ' captain eyed O'Rourke 'askance. "Wot for?" he demandeddirectly. "The Pelican's a slow oldtramp. You can pick up a swifter passage on 'arf-a-dozen boats a day."" 'Tis meself that knows that, sure,"assented the Irishman. " 'Tis but atrifling difficulty about ready moneyHe Grippedthe Captain'sHandHeartily.that detains me," he pursued boldly,with a confidential jerk of his head."There's a bit of stuff no matterwhat that 1 don't want to passthrough the Custom House ,at Alexandria. I'm. no saying a word, cap-tain, but if I could smuggle it into ,Egypt, the profit would be greatenough' to Day me passage-money adozen times over. saying this T$i ye in strict confidence, for, being aalEnglishman, ye won't let on."I "Never fear," Hole asserted stout-fj ly. "TJmm. . . , Er I don't mind!I toll in p- vrm "T fi'TfnnrVo T enrno-iti do a litt!e in that lineBei "a casual trainp Md 31fl for weeks afc a stretch fQr wantjconsJgnment,T . T ,.rNot another word, captain. I un-J ,derstand perfCtly. wm ye be having& m Qf & now?ffCaptain Hole would. "It won't urCto talk this over," he remarked: ""Per'aps we might myke some sort of a!dicker." ."Faith, 'tis meself that's agreeable,'5; " 3 JAnd wnen. at midnight that nighthe parted from a moist and seriti-. ,mental sailor-man, whose capacity fbi? .liquor even including the indescrib-.able native retsinato and masticha-r-t-hadproved enormous, the arrangementhad been arrived at, signed, sealedand delivered by a clasping of hands".And it was O'Rourke was the happyman.dmi uul1 ue svmS mathe welcome, he assured himself, sit-rn; T .T m ...ting on the edge of his bed and staring thoughtfully into the dishevelled;,depths of the battered steel ki-boSrthat housed everj'thing he owned in. -theworld for he was packing to jointhe Pelican at noon."I hope to hiven he has fivepounds," announced O'Rourke later,frowning dubiously.Five pounds happened to be 'thesum he had agreed to pay Captain:Hole for the accomodation, it beingfurther conditioned that the latterwas to accompany the adventurerashpre at Alexandria and not partfrom him till the money was forthcoming: something which irked theIrishman's soul. "Why could he "jQot'take me word for it?" he demanded,of midnight darkness tempered byiet!U1G iampngni. isut, laun, i lorgecwnat i m aeanng wutn. .tsesiG.es, ussure I am to find Danny."He arose and resumed his packing;blowing an inaudible little air throughhis puckered lips. "Diyyilish awkwardif I don't ... By the Gods! I'd.all but misremembered . .He failed to state exactly what hehad misremembered, but stood motionless, with troubled eyes staringat the lamp flame, for a full five minutes. Then"I'll have to chance it," he saidslowly. " 'Tisn't as if it were mine."He unbuttoned the front of his shirtand thrust a hand between his undershirt and his skin, fumbled about under his left armpit, his brows stillr gathered thoughtfully. Presently hegave a little jerk and removed hlahand. It contained a chamois-skin bagabout the size of a duck's egg, fromwhich dangled the stout cord bywhich he had slung it about his neGk.Holding this gingerly, as if he feared it would explode, O Kounce glancedat the window, drew the .blind tight.and tiptoed to the door, where haturned the key in the lock. Then, returning to his bed and making surethat he was out of range of thehole, he cautiously loosened the drawjstring at the mouth of the bag.Something tumbled out into hispalm and lay there like a ball of radfire, brilliant and coruscant.O'Rourke caught at his breath shrply; his very voice had an ominousring in its timber when he spoke atlength. v"Blood," he said slowly, "blood. .. . I doubt not that rivers of bleedhave flowed for the sake of ye. Belike ye were fashioned of blood in th'a.beginning, for 'tis that's your color,and the story of ye as rve heard' ic U 'all told when I've said that one wordblood! ..."And, after a bit, "I'd best put it away,I'm thinking. 'Twouldn't be safe to carry it that way any longer. If some- vthing' should catch in me shirt onboard, and rip it, and Hole happen tasee it why, me life wouldn't be wortha moment's purchase. I'll hide it inme box there; they'll niver suspect.?And w:ith that he thrust the Peelof Flame back into the leather bag,and the bag into the depths of the kitbox; which he presently locked acdnoiselessly moved beneath his bed.After all of which he lay down andwith another sigh slept tranquilly.CHAPTER Xill.Some time in the golden afternoonof the following day, the Pelicanweighed anchor and slouched with aloaflsh air out of the harbor of thaPiraeus. ""Plyn Bill 'Ole," the captain saidhe preferred to be called. And "PlataBill Hole!" mused the Irishman, leaning over the forward rail and suckingat a short black pipe. "Faith, notonly plain, but even a trifle homely,'he amended judgmatically.j "As for meself," he concluded later,( "I'm no siren in this rig." And holifted his eyebrows, protruding his1 lower lip, as he glanced downTover hisattire.J It was a strange rig for the O'RourkeI to be in: an engineer's blue jumper,, much the worse for wear, and a pairof trousers whose seat, O'Rourkemaintained, was only held together byits coating of dirt and grease.O'Rourke eyed this get-up with disdain. "Fortunately," he comfortedhimself, "'twon't be forever " I'll "bowearing it."".Continued in our Nexb :Fine Art of Giving.Tf one waits to find perfection rnhis friend he will probably wait long,and live and die unfriended at last;The fine art of living, indeed, is , todraw from each pcrs-sLilian Whiting..'-?:riFannounOur CLEARANCE and WHITE GOODS SALEjfMonday, J amiary 22 .Ending Saturday. January 27LACEUnderThe Entire Stock'At Unheard-of -PricesThe J svrraof Qf-U O111 U- "At Matchless PricesNew, Clean Garments , . 4'At Under PricesV1'uteUtClvb-At Surprisingly Low PriicesAT! M D jlt .. ;JLlll CI2fc"At Cut PricesLaces and Mm hroid eries4lieBargains in Every Department.Let Us Show You.We Are Going to Make This our Banner Sale.W,EDTUCKERJIS YOURf ir Tl -Ml J lfaiStaL. HKJgNOSEWMFCopyright 1910, by the Standard Adv. Co.ONEIF you have not provided yourself with a Bank Accountequal to one month, six months or a sum equal to thewages of years, you are at the mercy of your employer.You cannot offord to stop wyrk to look for a better place.It you were to be taken sicb, what then?We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsDEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital $ 1 00,000 Surplus $30,000MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Three new cadets have entered M.14. I. in the past week.Judge T. P. Waddell was in 'Lexington Friday on .business.Miss Winagte Evans, student at M.P. C, left Thursday for her home atSharpsburg.Mra. Hester Browning, of Cynthi-ans, is the guest of her sister, Mrs.Belle I'aylor.Mr. Clarence' Wasson has accepted ap8sition as clerk at the Windsor Hotelat Paris and has entered on his duties.Mrs. K. K. Vaught left Saturdaylor her nome at Parker, Ind., after aprotracted visit to her parents, Mr.and. Mrs. T. D. Judy.Louise, the little daughter of Mrand Mrs. Rufus McWaters. fell Saturday on the icy sidewalk in front of thenorae or Miss Ida Uodson, receiving asevere bruise on the hack of her head.Her condition is not thought to beserious."Dante's Inferno," in moving pictures, will be put on at the operafeouse Frjday evening. It is a treasurefor six hundred years known to but aiew scholars, now placed in unsurpass-fable beauty before all mankind. Presented by the film maker just as conceived by the immortal poet. Occupying more thn two hours telling inmost ralistic and artistic manner thegreat story of Dante, like animatedpaintings or living "tatuary. Thepictures give you in a few hours allthe pleasure and knowledge it takesmonths to acquire through books.The students and facultv of M. M Tcrave the facultv. and students nf mC. a leap year party Saturday eveningirom o tin a. rne time was pleasantly spent by all present. A delightfulsupper was served at six o'clock. Themenu was elaborate and good.ihe Gamblers, which comes tothe fans Grand next Tuesday was theonly serious drama produced lastseason that recorded a run of over twohundred consecutive performances iniNtjw xorK. in iuein play was oneot the genuine successes of the season. Reserved seats mav ho spphtpHby telephoning Mitchell & Blakemore.Z The trial Tof Oliver Hazelrigg forstealing coal from the l,Ptf:nn anhnnihouse Monday nieht was called hpfnrpSquire E. P. Thomason Saturday morning and was continued until Wednesday. The court room was well filledWith SDectatOrS OWintr rn thp nrnmi.hence of the family.Mrs, Elziabeth Taylor, of Piqua,spent a few hours Saturday with herson and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. E. B.Taylor. She was enroute to the bedside of her daughter, Mrs. FlorenceJackson, at Calhoun, Ga., who is critically ill.Miss Belle Taylor Judy visited relatives in Cynthiana yesterday.Miss Ruth MoClintock leaves todayfor a few days' visit to friends in Lexington. "Mr. and mTsTJ." BfCray leave todayfor a visit to Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Current in Lexington.vhTTncT M rs7 K ."B7" Hutchings o fLexington, were guests of Mrs. BelleTaylor from Saturday till Monday.Mr. Robt .Hunter, of Washington,Ky, was the guest of ;hia niece, Mrs.Anna Jefferson, Friday and t Saturday.Mrs. Commodore Grinnel and sonoi uynthiana, were guests of her parents.Mr. and Mrs. Henry Sheeler, lasweek.Mrs. Li. Jir. (Jlarke is at the bedsideof her brother, Mr. Wm. Layson. atunaicanooga, ienn., who is ill withtyphoid fever.Elder Smith, of Texas, preached atthe Christian church Sunday morningand evening. All who heard him werefavorably impressed.Mr. C. B. McConnell arrived Sundayfrom ML Olivet as the guest of hisbrother, Mr. Aarun MtConell. Hewill leave in a few days for his homein Arkansas.Four members of the family of Mr.Alonzo Case are ill with typhoid fever.The Case family reside in the Dykesproperty on Second street and thecause of the illness is attributed toimpure water.Mrs. Cora Lowe, aged about 60years, died Saturday afternoon at thehome of her son on the farm of Mrm D M5lrltrye, after a protractedillness. She is survived by three children, all of whom are grown. Theremains were interred at Pepublican,Nicholas county, yesterday.Mrs. C. M. Best and niece, MissDakota Best, the latter of Washington, D.C., Major S. E. Brown andCapt. Howard Freas of M. M. I. attended the grand oprea at Lexingtonhast night. Missea Nannie LouiseBest, Jennie Marie Pepper, LucilleDailey, Alma Duke Jones, Mayme D.Long and Mr. J. H. Barns will attendtonight.Reduction on Manhattans.Manhattan sh irtS at. HQlia! anrl n-Pseason reductionsMITHCELL & BLAEKMORE.Blue Grass o fiave 130 Games.A meeting of the directors of theBlue Grass League was held in theoffice of the Lexington Base Ball Clubin Lexington Friday, with all teamsrepresented. The meeting was calledto order at 11 o'clock by President William Neal, of Lousvilie. The representatives pf each team signified hisintention of remaining in the leagueand the withdrawals which were rumored to be probable sometime agowill not take placeThe.rrirstmatter agreed upon was fora 13U game schedule for the season of1912, with one series, the season toopen May 1 and to last until September 4.Sunday games will be played atb'rankfort, Maysville, Paris and Lexington. Those present were: PresidentBennett and Secretary and TreasurerStockton, of Richmond; H.H. Phillips,of Winchester ; Manager J. B. Coleman, of Frankfort ; President Bacon,ofP aris; President Russell1 and Secretary Sqmner, of Maysville ; PresidentT. A. ' Sheets and Manager HoganYancey, of Lexington.At the meeting it was decided to increase the :salarv of President NealS500 more per annum than he had heretofor received, so that he could affordto devote his entire time to the business of the league. Under this arrangement'the president will travel amongthe different league cities watchingthe umpires and players and makingout reports of the league, such as batting and fielding averages at leastonce every two weeks. PresidentNeal will issue the schedule as soon aspassible.ean96Cioth Suite fAttention.Having secured from a Iarire Npdxork imnortinc house thp pv?m0;right to the sale of thpiv n-;aiBlend of pure Java and Mqcha coffeeof which there is no hettpr nt .,price that comes into this county 1 ampreparea 10 oner tne same to the public at present at 35 cents npr lh tready toasted, nulverized and r0owfor instantaneous use. Those interested in a first class coffee ra n rall ofestablishment and have 111 V ffpmnristrator samnle them auuaLge duu aieu snow mem now it'snouia oe maaeGEO. H, CROSDALE, Sole Agent, ..Paris, Ky.Observe Lee Memorial Day.The Kicha'd Hawes Chapter U. D.C celebrated the annirveasry of thebirth of Gen. Robt. E. Lee Fridayafternoon. The exercises were held inthe Confederate room in the courthouse which was beautifully decoratedfor the occasion. The guests of theChapter were the veterans of thecounty and the Hamilton Guards.Mrs. W. G. Talbott presiJed and adeilghtful program was rendered, thefirst number of which was a song "MyOld Kentucky Home," for the children. Mrs. J. T. Vansant followedwith a short sketch of "Traveler,"Gen. Lee's famous war horse. AnnThomas and Josephine Hedges, thetalented daughters of Mr. and Mrs.Jos. H. Ewalt, gave recitations in acharming manner.1 The principal feature of the programwas an address on General Lee by hisold friend and comrade. Cul. Geo. M.Edgar, of this city. Col. Edgar is amost scholarly Southern gentleman ofpleasing personality, and his address,which was full of historical information, and was particularly interesting on account of his friendship withGeneral Lee. wa very much enjoyedby all present. The program closedwith a poem, "Confederate ; Comrades," which was beautifully read byMrs. Harry B. Clay. During the social hour Mrs. Steele Marsh and Mrs.John Connell served a lunch of coffeeand sandwitches.Before adjournment an interestingrelic was presented to the Chapter. Itwas a newspaper yenow wan agewhich was published in Paris and contained the constitution of the Confederate States of America.We Have Given Marching Orders to All Our HighGrade Exclusive Garments Remaining From Our GreatFinal Adjustment Sale and Priced' Them, for Quick Selling, as follows:Ail $25 and $30 Suits, now $1 0.00Suits formerly up to $50; now $20.00Suits formerly up to $100, now $25.00A limited number of Cloth Suits remain from the fastselling of our Great Final Adjustment Sale and we havedecidecj to close every one of them out at a mere fractionoi the former prices. While the quantity is somewhatlimited, the range of style and fabrics is still broad andembraces some of the most distinguished and exclusivemodels we have shown this season.A glance at the items above will show how we havefractured prices. Profits, regular values and even actualcost, played a minor role, the chief consideration being aquick and absolute clean-up.TTTS1J??A unprecedently reduced prices place withinEVERYBODY'S reach the highest type of women's suitsthis country produces apparel which by its distinguishedexclusiveness, its ultra-smartness and its absolute per-lection-andsuperiority has become the unrivalled favoriteKnest dressed women in this section. That magnifi-cxib w ur jj.uu suit you aamirea Here earlier in the seasonbut could -not, perhaps, afford, is now yours for the paltrysum of $20.00 or $25. And plenty of $25 and $30 suits maybe had tor only $10 if your purse runs that way.JCaufmanj Straus 6c Co.,Wolf, Wile & Company Successors.LEXINGTON, KY.BOURBON NEWSALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTM'ivnCard oi Thanks.:-. Russell Mann and family wish: ank their friends for theirirathy and many kind deeds duringr bereavement.Buys Paris Residence.ir. B. F. Adcock has sold his home"yprcss street tc Mr. T. M. Shann, who recently disposed of his farmz Huddles Mills, and will move tori? to take possession of his new.p:nase tne first of March.Chinn Assessed Fine.. an Chinn, a Claysville negro, whos arrested last week by Constablesrry Rice on a charge of cuttirgharles Johnson, another negrc, vrasr.ed Saturday before Squire L. J.etv. eil and was fined $59 and costs.Real Bargains.Tor real bargains in an er.d seasonseeMITCHELL & BLAKEMORE.Ve Know Kow.Sale Continued.ir big shce sale which has been, an enormous success will be con-ei until Saturday, January 27..,an and Nettleton shoes at greatly.uceJ prices, also great bargains in?s misses and children's shoes.. in and get the pick. 2tHorses Shipped East.. i-ney Brcs.. yesterday shipped by, ess their string of eighteen horses,Washington D. (J., where they willt .-to training for the spring racingthe East. The string consists ofz yearlings and eight of their oldumpaigneis.True Weights and Measures."! scales and measures have beenr;eted by the City Inspector ol'teltrhts and Measures,t Mr. M. F.rney, and he has pronounced them- utely correct. Let me supply-r groceries, etc., and be assur'td oft jjrate weights and measures.JOHN SAUER.Paris Man Cut by Stranger.Thomas Crump, of this city, was;:abbed in the back of the neck Saturday night at the corner of Dewecs andAain streets in Lexington by an un! nown colored man, of whom Crump'T2s unable to give a descriptionamp was taken to St. Joseph Hos-ral where his wound was dressed.i was not seriously hurt.- -True Weights and Measures.r.ly scales and measures have been.spected by the City Inspector ofheights and Measures, Mr. M. F..tnney. 2nd he has pronounced themabsolutely correct. Let me supplyro'jr groceries, etc., and be assured ofi. curate weights and measures.JOHN SAUER.Held to Grand Jury.li.chard Henson, charged with cut-r.g and wounding with iutent to kill,Ti.s tried before Squire L. J. Fretwelir:.day and held to the grand jury:nder bond of S200. Henson is charged?.th having cut Clever Weaver in a5fctit which occurred at Ruddles Mills,ib county, on Christmas eve. Weaverv;as arraigned on a charge of breachr tne peace and was fined $10 andr .tn fifteen days in jail. His caset appealed"The Gamblers" Tonight.'ujging from the advance sale of:s one of the largest audiences of're season will witness the perforiee of "The Gamblers" at the- &rA Opera House tonight. The Lexr,'jn Opera House Orchestra will; rr.sh the music and it will undoubtc y be the bestfattraction in every rey.,; 1 that has visited Paris in a num' - f years. Secure your seats this- Ti.ng at Mitchell & Blakemor'savj.d disappointment tonight.Two Alarms.fire department was called outvjnday evening about seven o'clock1 response to an alarm from Box 31 tois-ab.e at the corner of Twelfth andstreets, the property of Mr. J.M.. er Ward. The fire gained buttt..' heawday and was extinguishedV itt aid of chemicals.-In alarm was sounded from box 31vtstrday morning, which took the de--'nect agin to the scene, the fire''-"g again started, but was ex-", U!shed before it had gained muchfadvvay. The origin is unknown.f re,vvind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.January Bargains." -rniture, carpets, wall paper, andhousehold goods at reduced prices.J. T. HINTON.Negroes Given Jail Sentence.c:F Coates, Will Smith and Raymus-- cse. negroes, arrested by Patrolmen-' and Moreland several days ago"j charged with petit larceny, were: i jefore Squire L. J. Fretweli ri--2yand each was given a sentence of-' days in jail at hard labor. The- fl of Harry Mathers, also colored,n's continued.-he arrest and conviction of the" graes has had the effect of break-s ip one of the boldest band ofe.'es that has ever operated in thia; -nrnunity. Through their plan a'noer of grocerymen in this cityere victimized, and suffered the lossj bleats and other provisions, amongbeing A. W. Cottinaham, Robertt Baird & Taylor and A. B.-he members of the gang were pick-'-P shortly after the arrest of Math's by Patrolman Link, who a fewatsr took Will Smith into.cus-- p Coates and Resse were arrested;'-ron:an Moreland.THE, -PERSOBAL MENTION.Mr.'W. 0. Hiflton is in Louisville; on business. ,Mr. Woodford Spears returned Fri! day from Florida.I Mr. Monro Sweeney has about re-covered from an attack of gumsy.' Miss Irene Mackey, of Maysville,! is the guest of Miss Rosina Elder.1 Dr. W. K. Dudley is able to be outI after a severe illness of several days.I Mrs. George Sun and baby ofAtlanta, Ga , are guests of Mrs. A. J.: Fee.' Mrs. Brice Steele is confined to her1 home suffering from a badly sprainedj ankle.1 Miss Marguerite Douglass spent! the week-end m Millersburg, tne guest! of Miss Louise Myall.j Mrs. Wm. M. Shobe, who has beenquits ill for several weeks, is improvj ing and is able to be up.J Mrs. William B. Woodford andI Miss Imogene Redmon left yesterdayj for e visit to Miami, Fla.11 Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Turney are inj Frankfort the guest of their son-in-!law Hon. Robt. H. Winn, Judsre ofI Court of Appeals.! Mr. A. Dolph president of theI Pans Gas and Electric Co., returned! Satmdsv to his home in Cinmnnftiiaftrr spending several days in thiscity.The Woman's Society of theChristian church will meet this after:noon at two o'clock with Mrs. ThomasHenry Clay at her home on Pleasantstreet.Dr. C. E. Walton, of Cincinnati,0., was called yesterday in consultation with Dr. F. M. Faries into thecondition of Mrs. S. E. Borland, who:s quite ill.Mr. Harry S. Parker made a briefvisit to his mother, Mrs. Emily Parker, Saturday and Sunday. Ilr. Parkeris one of the foreign buyers for thePulaski, lace merchants in New YorkCity, and is just returning from a tripto Japan.Mrs. Mai vina Estes, of Shawhan,who has been the guest of her granddaughter, Mrs. William Dudley, onCypress street.Ieft yesterdsy for Newtown. Scott county, to be present atthe birthday c lebration of her brother, Mr. John Henry Harp, Tuesday.Margaret Hill, the little daughterof Mrs. Daisy Hill, entertained a fewof her little friends and schoolmates ather home on High street Saturdayfrom 2 to 4 in honor of her seventhbirthday. Her guests enjoyed a number of games and refreshments of icesand cakes were served.Mrs. Nora Mackey Dead.Mrs. Nora Mackey. aged 72 years,died at her home on Vine street Sunday afternoon after an illness of abouttwo months of right's disease.Mrs. Mackey was one of the oldestand most highly respected women ofthis communitj'. She was a native ofIreland and the widow of the late Terrence Mackey, who preceded her tothe grave sev.erval years ago.Up until about three months ago,and despite her advanced age she enjoyed the nest of health and was excedingly active for one of her years.She was well known and enjoyed theesteem of her neighbors ana a host offriends.She is survived by two sons and fourdaughters John, of this city, andTeddy Mackey, of Grafton, W. Vva..Mrs. Mayme Fitzgerald, of Covington, Mrs. Jack Woods and Misses Noraaod Lainva Mackey. of Paris.The remains will be taken to Maysville thi3 morning and the remains willbe inteired in the Catholic cemeteryin Washington.Fined for Carrying ConcealedWeapon.Patrolman G. N. McKenny arrestedClarence McQueen, colored, of Cynthiana, Sunday night as he alighted froma northbound freight train ,at the corner of Second and Pleasant streets.McQueen was carrying a satchel containing five empty quart bottles andalso had one empty bottle in hispocket. On further examination theofficer found upon McQueen a revolver. The negro was locked up and inPolice Court yesterday morning wasfined $27 50 ana given ten days in jail.It is evident the negro came here forthe purpose of purchasing whiskey totae to Cynthiana.Negro Thief Arrested.Jim Fields, alias Jim Monk, colored,was arrested at his home in Ruckerville Sunday morning by PatrolmanFred Link for the theft-of a quantityof provisions Saturday night from agrocery wagon of Baldwin Bros.,When the officers took Field into custody he founJ.in his room the stolenarticles. Fields was tried beforeSquire L. J. Fretweli yesterday andwas given 120 days in, jai! at hardlabor. He has served a term in thepenitentiary and had only been out ofthe institution about four months.Medical Society Meets.At the meeting of the BourbonCounty Medical Society held in theoffice of Dr. F. M. Faries Thursdaynight the fullowing officers were elect! ed for the year ot 1912:J President Dr. Bruce Smith,f First Vice President Dr. Wm. Ken-ney.Second Vice President Dr. L. R.Henry.Censors Drs. W. C Ussery, FrankFithian and R. M. Gilkey.Program Committix? Drs. C. G.Daugherty and F. L. Laosley.Committee on Entertainment Dr.W. K. Dud ey.Secretary and Treasurer Dr. D. B.Anderson.The Society appointed a committeecomposed of Drs. Fithian, Faries andLapsley to confer with the trustees ofthe Massie Memorial Hospital and toexercise their influence in getting theinstitution started, as all the physicians in the city and county are anxiousto have the hospital ready for use.Dr: A. H Keller was chosen by theSociety as a delegate to the meeting ofthe State Board of Health. The nextmeeting of the Society will be held.February 15. .BOURBON NEWS, ARISKENTUCKY; 3JW&$3! Thinks Well of' Paris ManigerJJ An ex-Parisian, an enthusiastic fan,: now a resident of. Hamilton, Ohio,ends us the following tribute to Joe1 Lewis, the Bourbonite's new manager:; "Hamilton, Ohio, January 19, 1912."Dear Friend I was very glad toi hear that Paris has signed such a good: manager for 1912"1 saw Joe Lewis many times when jthe Marion club came here to play thei Hamiltons last year. He is a pitcher( about the size of Winchell, the oldParis favorite, and believe me he'3some pitcher. The Marion club finished second in the Ohio State Leaguerace. They had a fine team but lost: much money on account of poor attendI ance. This also kept Lewis from Winning the pennant. I also heard that hewas going to sign some former Marionj players for the Paris team. Thatought to be good news for the fans of i, Paris as every player, almost, on theclub was a star."Honing that Paris wins the pen'nant in 1912 I remain your fripnd."LOUIS SCH ANKER."January.The Authors Producing Co. I(John Cort, President)AnnounceBy CHARLES KLEIN,Author oh' 'The Music Master,""The Lion and The Mouse,""The Third Degree," Etc.200 Nights in New York City.A-Big Klaw & Erlanger Production. PRICES Dress Circle $1.50;Parquette SI; Balcony 7oc.Seats at Mitchell & Blakemore'sFriday,January.Everybody's FavoriteThe Hirl From U. S. A.3d -Successful Seasort3dAClever CastComplete Scenic ProductionNo 1 Specialty NumbersPlay you cannot afford to miss12 big Singing and Dancing numbers.First Time at Popular Prices.SEE FOR YOURSELFLowe Floor oOct Balcony 35c; Gallery 25c. 1LOST.On last Saturday evening one smailtin box containing a small amount ofmoney one fountain pen, check book,pair spectacles. Lost on Main streetbetween Boone street and the Government Building. Finder leave at thisoffice and recieve suitable reward.LOST.On Maysville pike between the homeof Jesse Turney and Paris a brown furmuff. Finder return o News officeand receive reward.FOR SALE PRIVATELY.fcJight room frame residence and lotfronting seventy feet and ten incheson Higgins avenue, and two hundredand eight feet deep; bath 'room, newroof, gas leading to house; large garden and good cistern.WM. A. GRIMES,E. T. phone 45 or 36423 tf Paris. Ky.FOR REINT.I have for rent or will lease for aterm of years the best livery and salebarn in Paris, Kentcuky. Situatpdcorner Second and Main streets, opposite Windsor Hotl, posseession givenJan. 1, 1912. E. T.P hone 198.J. H. BUTLER.12 tf Paris, Ky.THE FAIR !1912 Wall Paper.We are showing a nice line ofPaper in pretty patterns, from;31-2c up.25c Box Paper, special 13c3-qt. Enameled I&ns 7cWhite Table Oil Cloth . . . .15c ydStove Pans, large size 8cLarge Lamps, complete, withNo. 2 burner and chimney . 25c25c Window Shades 19cMail Boxes ..10cFeather Dusters 10c, Ttsesd av, t3ssJP...THE FAIR...'1 JWalked 35 Miles Through Mountains.Walking through the mountains inthe snow for thirty-five miles to get tohis work was the experience of HarryStivers, son of Mr. and Mrs. ShermanStivers, formerly of this city, according to a letter receied by his relatives.Mr. Stivers is employed wih the engineering corps in the construction ofthe L. & E. extension, and during theholidays was here on a visit to relatives. On his return from Lexingtonhe was compelled to walk the distancethrough the snow covered, mountainsthrough Blackey. Let2her county toShad, W. Va. Mr. Stivers was recently promotrd to resident engineer atShad, W. Va., for the L. &ELECTRICFASH LIGHTS !Several Styles85c to $1.50Also Batteries and Supplies.Daucjherty Bros.J. T. HINTONi J. T.1 !I ANNNCEMENT fOUR CLEARANCE AND JS White Goods" Sale ? f:Begins Monday, January 22, .Ends Saturday, January 27.J! " See Big Advertisement on Another Page.a 9 v 5jO5 Fee's Cash Specials, jSpecialNational Oats,2 Packages For. 15cFEE'SLTHE HOME OUTFITTER.I Am Offering Some VerySPECIAL PRICESOn My EntireDAVE N P0 RTLINEFor Cash Buvers.I Carry the Very Best MakesHINTON.Iucker ?1To-day,4;3'j .t - - V!i.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS; KENTU CKY JAN, 23, 19lloctorInternasdlineFARM"Try Cardui," writes Mrs. Z. V. Spell, of Hayne, N. C." I was in a very low stale of health, and was not able tobe up and tend to my duties. I did tiy Cardui, and soonbegan to feel better. I got able to be up and help do myhousework. I continued to take the medicine, and now Iam able to do my housework and to care for my children,and I feel as though I could never praise Cardui enoughfor the benefits I have received."?fI: 5MEM)OWBRO0ational 6ENGINESI:if.Ifis.'Cardui is successful, because it is made especially forwomen, and acts specifically on the womanly constitution.Cardui does one thing, and does it well. That explainsthe great success which it has had, during the past 50 years,in Helping lllUU5cliiu: ui wccui. emu filing wuiucn uar. ij $health and happiness. N lIf vou are a woman, feel tired, dull, and are nervous,cross and irritable, it's because you need a tonic. Why nottry Cardui? Cardui builds, strengthens, restores, and actsin every way as a special, tonic remedy for women. Testit for yourself. Your druggist sells Cardui. Ask him.Write to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chciianooca Medicine Co., Chattanooga. Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 55Thirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, think !of it. How the meiic of a good thing (lessness of a bad one. So there's noguesswork in this evidence ot Thos.Ariss, Concord, Mich , who writes:"I have used Dr. King's !New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't; pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50c and SI. TriaJ bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdoner.ITHE PARISQuicK Lunch and-f Restaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,for Ladies and GentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PARIS, KY.JfowjsjThis?We orfer One Hundred " Dollars Reward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured by Hall's Catarrh Curs.F. J. CENEY'& CO., Toledo, 0.We, the undersigned, have knowiP. J. Cheney for the last 15 years anrbelieve him'perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions tan financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system,Testimoniais sent free. Price 75c perbottle. Sold by all druggists.Teke Hall's Family Pills for constipationNOT ICE"-"hbi to: -WikBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!; Market Price I am" Paying Forj Hides:J Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2i Cents per lb.i! MAX MUNICH,j 8th Street,PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374sBLOODPOJSONXured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 years.Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains, offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All sympthoms healquickly. Blood is mase pure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,pains and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, gl per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Samplessent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Low Round TripRATES.Homeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, :New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana.! Michigan,. Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseelrer territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912, with final return limitsMay 31. 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida.' Georgia,Louisana, New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.sBRSTWIN BROS.,Clothing Department:We Are Showing for fall and Winter StrictlyAll-Woo? Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $10.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newest models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,onr Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from$7.50, $10, $12.50, 15, $18 and $20.We, have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoer Brockton, Mass. This is the classiest $1 and $5 mensShoe made.Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at 14.The reliable Dcraglas Shoes 2.50, $3, S3. 50.Those rough, fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, 2.5u, $3.. Full line of Hawes Van Gal 3 Shoes.Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made.Chutt's 1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 2oc.Full line of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bagslL WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.5fiBe gentle with all animals.The farmer must have a horse.Examine the collars of your workhorses often.With the better poultry is comingbetter equipment.A heated chicken house is a bad jthing for. poultry.The proper time to spray fruit treesis during the dormant season.Well-bred, well-seiected pigs, makemore prolit on the food eaten.A horse 'in order to keep in gcodcondition should be well bedded everynight.A machine in the shed is worth justabout two machines left in the fencecorner.The brood sows should have all thebright clover or alfalfa hay that theywill eat.The cleaner the feed and feedingplaces, the better the quality of thepork in all.It is conducive to health to feedhogs when they can have the rangeof the pasture field.Those seeds, like the elm and softmaple, which ripen in May or June,belong to the "sooner" class.Never work a team of colts together until they are thoroughly broken,as they will worry each other.Filling up the neglected holes aboutthe drinking tank is now in order.Fill them up now and avoid trouble.The man who calls improved stock"fancy stock" will have an account tosettle with his Maker on the judgmentCarry your good care of the ewesthis fall as far as feeding plenty ofnice bright oats to keep them in conThe old troughs will soon have to ;replace the fountain waterers or theremay he a burst fountain some coldmorning.After the strawberry bed has beenset and cared for through the summer, it should be mulched throughthe winter.The milk should be strained throughone thickness of clean white flanneland then should be quickly cooledand well aired.Wise turkey breeders will notbreed from the same torn more than Ione year unless the same breeding'hens are retained.No matter how highly bred and care- jfully cultured a colt may be if it is Irtnt rprpfnllv rjunorl arr nrnnorlv rlo- fveloped it loses its value. 'The first thing to do with the newlyborn lamb is to get it full of the ewe'sfirst milk, after which its chance for Jliving is equal to that of the calf's.For general or common use, caus-tic or burnt lime or ground limestone iare employed almost exclusively forthe correction of soil abnormalities.Wetting the hoofs with a spongeand clean water every day, or simplydipping each foot into a pail of water, will keep the feet from becomingdry.If there, are two kinds of roughnessfor the cows this winter it will be better to feed of both at the same timerather than to feed out one then starton the other.VLook out for a collar that rubs alap of flesh at every stride of thehorse. It-is liable to wear a eall onhis neck, and much sooner sometimes ithan suspected.The neck and shoulders of- a horseare, points that must not be overlooked when buying. A weak neck anda narrow breast do not go with themost desirable horse.During the winter the dairy farmer has more time to figure out hisplans for improving his system offarming. The great question shouldbe to get a better and more profitable lot of cows.It would he easier to keep goodmen on fhe farm if the dairy farmerswould keep better cows. A man appreciates the opportunity of handlinggood stock, and he "realizes that someresponsibility is placed upon v him ifhe knows that nothing but valuable;and profitable cattle are kept. J'i foil"3ypes or nusiiage anBourbonGarageFeed Cutting Machinery,Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sis., Paris, Ky.iProfessional CardsJJ. WIIilTAMS,ATTORNE Y- AT-L A W .Room. 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones S" 1?o( xauiiic j.ou.am-ResidenceE. T. 334.Home 334.DR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, SRooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyMONEYI 1We tell vou how. and pay best marketprices. We are dealers; establishedin 1850; and can clo BETTER for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Iouisville. Write for weekly price list.M. SABEL & SONS227-23-31 & 33 E. Markel SU LOUISVILLE, KY.Dealers in FURS, Hiuts, wool.STILL AT IT!January Clearance SaleIn Dry Goods, Cloaks, Suits,Furs and MillineryNow Going On.Come InWonderful BargainsIn AH DepartmentsTWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentucky11 1luargoien s.The Best of.Home-KilledMeats,Bacon, Lard, Ham,Beef, Pork, Etc.Margolen,L Paris, Ky. IOne of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are ShowingA moderately priced one, too.If you are looking for "The"Hat you'll find it in our presten handsome display of smartmillinery.We have made extra effortsthis season to reach the idea ofevery -woman and feel confidentof your securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.Iien :ifl!ictc:l v.ith C' -ease,du not vasto jo irliard-earm-d mcucv andJHmiiigwithuncEJia ?itreatments, butGOBSig TO USn... .,ro k.mmv ixavr. i.ti gk mire ruumoner.tlmosn.1 wittcrlnc u 5can MTi-e to Pv nr hv .,.,,. v.iorti Ue ,m. Ao ICRS.cn Uiuo 4LT i-ta.ir? o--r uttz,tu'job can keep nhi oi. Mu jtur moiL.r00 SUFFERPnmn7i. tiV- -TUTS, r 1 St 3 I X,Poison, Kheu...at.jrr,, Vieer.. i,..rr.,. Siln DWwtsuntil tou ji i Ciscourogr-t-cH anil Jet aB,hurfrfMiVl,wk,T uch ,r,"lbl'1 cured ti,JiiUJi 1 treatment. JFor frts Question LUt and5.0WRITSCincinnati Men-Spsoiaiist 8qojl vvaicut KC, eincbinati, O.FOR RENT. sStore room on South-west cornerMain and Fifth streets. Immediatepossession. Apply to16 tf J. t HTNTnvUnencouraging."That audience cheered my remarksrepeatedly." "Yes," replied the morose man. "I never yet saw an audience that wouldn't rather hear itselfholler than listen to somebody's talk."Unpoetic."I shall leave footprints on thesands of time," said the idealist."What for?" asked the "crudely .practical person. "Nobody will want togo 'round looking for footprints. What !we want to do for posterity , is thehelp build some good roads."W3MTER TOURIST TICKETSTO13FLORIDAa.AND ALL SOUTHERN RESORTSCW SALE DAILVVfA'ALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDDINING CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTIL MAY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS. CALL OK ANY TICKET AGENT, 'QUEEN & CRESCENT ROUTE,OR WHITEH. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agnt, 101 E. Main St, LEXINGTON, KY. GJLJ.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, .KENTUCKY, JAN. 23, 1912.PUBLIC SALEV60S SIttO HOCK0 ASplendid BCounty FarmHaving decided to quit farmii3g,I will sell at public outcry onTO-DAYTUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1912, AT 2 O'CLOCK, P. M.ON THE PREMISESGeorge-State of Illinois Buys HistoricTract for $46,000.People Gain Possession of the Picturesque Site on Illinois River Wherethe Indians Made TheirLast Stand.i-i V farm of 362 acres, situated six miles west of Paris, Ky., on thetown pike. The farm will be ottered in five tracts, as follows:Tract No. 1 Lying on the Elizabeth Station pike and containing 50acres, more or less, of splendid land in a high state of cultivation. It iswell fenced and watered and has a comfortable five-room house, and a 20aere tobacco barn.Tract No. 2 Lying on the Georgetown pike and Eliz ibeth Stationturnpike, contains 50acres of land, of which there is none better in ther ountv. It has two tenant houses, fencing good, and an extra fine spring.Tract No. 3 Fronting on the Georgetown pike and extending back toJthe F. & C. R. R., contains 50 acres, 30 acres being lb year old Blus Grasssod. and balance in wheatTracts Nos. 1, 2 and 3 will be offered separately and then as a whole,and best bid accepted.Tract No. 4 Fronting on Georgetown pike and extending to F. & C.R. R., contains 60 acres, more or less, 11 acres of virgin soil, balance in rye,wheat and stubble. It has a 10-acra tobacco barn and a gopd rock pool.Tract No. 5 Extending from Georgetown pike to F. & C. R. R., contains 152 acres, more or less, 20 acres of virgin soil, 25 acres of old Blue Grasssod, balance in highest state of cultivation. The improvements consist of alarge frame residence, new 13 acre tobacco barn, stock barns, and otheroutbuildings. All improvements are comfortable, convenient and in firstclass repair. It has two large rock pools, one being the best in the county.Tracts Nos. 4 and 5 will be offered separately and then as a whole, andbest bid accepted.This is a beautiful country home, and 362 acres of the very best land inthe county, on one of the best roads, convenient to school and railroad, anF. & C. station being at the corner of farm. Every foot of this farm willscrow excellent tobacco.TERMS One-third cash, balance in three equal payments, due in one,two and three years, deferred payments bearing interest at the .rate of 6 percent, and a lien -retained on land until paid. Positive sale, no reserve.. C. FERGUSON.COL. GcO. D. SPEAKES, Auctioneer.For further information address Harris & Speakes, Paris, Ky.410-AcreTractofBIue Grass LandATOttawa, 111. Starved Rock passedinto the hands of the state of Illinoisrecently, when negotiations were concluded between, the Illinois park commission and Ferdinand Walther ofChicago, who has owned the propertyfor the past 22 years. The paperssigned and exchanged show that thestate paid the sum of $46,000 for the230-acre tract, which it is expectedwill prove to be the nucleus of one ofthe finest state parks in the country.The new state park preserve liesten miles west of Ottawa on the southside of the Illinois river, and in addition to Starved Rock, proper consistsof precipitous cliffs, canyons and glenswhich rival many of America's mostfamous scenic wonders.No spot in Illinois, is richer in history or legend than s Starved Rock,which was visited by the early Frenchmissionary explorers and was also thescene of numerous bloody conflicts between Indian tribes. Upon its loftysummit the Illinois warriors madetheir last stand and after beingstarved were finally exterminated bytheir enemies.The fight for the acquirement ofStarved Rock by the state for parkpurposes may be said to date back tothe forty-sixth general assembly, although there was considerable previous agitation in favor of the movement. At that session of the legislature anact was passed authorizing the appointment of a commission to investigate and repcrt on the preservation ofcertain lands for public parks, and anappropriation of $1,000 made to paythe expenses of the commission,The members of the commissionwhich closed the deal are Prof. J. A.PUBLIC SALEAs Executor cf Chas. Hall, deceased, I will sell at public auction onthe premises, located five miles north-east of Georgetown, Ky., on the Ammerman dirt road, a few hundred yards from the Newtown and Oxford turnpike, lj.j miles from Oxford and 2 miles from Newtown, onWednesday, Jan. 31, 1912, at 10 O'clock a. in.the farm of deceased, and containing 410 acres.This farm being located in the Blue Grass section of Kentucky has alimestone soil and is especially adapted to the production of tobacco, hemp,corn and such small grains as grown in this climate. It has on it three tenant houses with outbuildings, two tobacco barns, large enough to house 30acres or more of tobasco, is well fenced, and well supplied with water fromsprings and ponds.All of the farm at present is in blue grass, timothy and clover withthe exception of about 100 acres, which is mostly in small grain. This landall lays well and the peculiar favorable quilities of its soil makes it an ideal"ract of land for both agricultural and stock p'urposes.Prospective purchasers from a distance who desire ti inspect the farmbefore day of sale may call on Auctioneer B. B. Peak at Georgdtown, or fornirther desired information may call or write the undersigned.Terms will be made known on day .of sale and will be made to-suit thepurchaser.J. Mo IHASLLg, Executor,of CfoaSo Ha8!!9 deceased.B. B. PEAK, Auctioneer. PARIS, KY.Scene From Act F, Chas. Klein's Great'Play, "The Gamblers," at Paris Grand To-night.Locanda2:02The fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sived by Allerton 2:09, the world's leading sire of standard performers;dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyone 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, 1 miles,. 3:15,TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter Billikesi (3) 2:16 1-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winner of U-heat race against aged horses.Terms: $50 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACOfN, Paris, Ky. ,COTBJBB!Cured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured with pure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREEI Catarrh is not only dangerous butI it causes ulcerations, death and decajThe remarkable amount of interest ! of bones, kills ambition, often causesbeing shown . in the coming of the j loss of appetite, and reaches to genAborn Encrlih Grand Onera ComDany I eval debilitv. idiocr and insanity. ItNEW - BARBER - SHOP !Modern Equipment, .4 Barbers,.Hot and Cold Baths,?Polite Service.Grand Opera at Lexington.to the Lexington upsra iioussse January 22 and 23, demonstrates tfce appreciation of music in its higher formswhich eixsts here. Musical authoritieshave noted the aid increase of interestamong the general public in Americain grand opera, especially when sungin English, snd the rreat success ofMr. Richards, secretary of the com- , the ast tour of the Aborn Companywas urocf of this rise in musical taste.James cf Evanston, A. Richards of Ottawa and the Rev. D: L. Crowe of Kcwanee. The boundaries of the park district,including 1,155 acres, were laid outbymission. Tins tract nas a irontage oifive miles along the river, extendingConsequently Milton and Sargentfrom the Ulica bridge to the South J A born have not enly retained the'fore- jOttawa township line, including Fishbum's cave and Salt Well. The balance ofjLhis property is owned byabout twenty people and options havebeen secured on practically all of it.No nrovision or appropriation hasEssential to ComfortRFECTIO9MOHCUMWarmth is essential to corn-?fort. As you grow older, it ishardly less essential to health.Get a Perfection Smokeless OilWafr and vou keeD warm and comfortable in your home, no matter what the weather without.The Perfection gives a strong, widespread heat, and gives itquickly. It is always ready for use and bums nine hours on a singlefilling-no more trouble than a lamp. It can be earned anywhere ;no pipes, no wires, no flues; no smoke, odpr or dirt.The Heater that gives complete satisfaction.This year'. Perfection i. nm.hed in th eaameltrWn,; &t and on..etfal yet Mf ad durable Mi um be mJe. AH Prfeatf73c3. Aomihc-lock fc-e ar prevents ok.DeaWi everywhere: or wrketeaay MeF (beStandard Oil Companybeen made for the employment of help J other Aborn companies in their amat Starved Rock or for the mainte- engagements in New York, Bosnanceerty.or improvement of the prop-HAVE COURSE IN MATRIMONYj most tavontes in trns company si double cast of last year, but have addl ed other noted stars, and have increas; ed and elaborated the choral andj crchestra!complement for the present1 season. All of the members are chosenbecause of their sucaess with this andnnualton,Philadelphia, Chicago and other cities1 'o which Messrs. Aborn have besnj furnishing grand opera in English forten years past.needs attention at once. Cure it betaking Botaric Blood Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure because" it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth andstrength just where it is needed, andm teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists orby exsress, SI per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describevour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Sor.Everything Sanitary.Children's SVorkr a Specialty;CARL CRAWFORDCement For Sale."VWe have a few barrels of first classcement lefn that we will sell below themarket price.PARIS LUMBER & WF'G. CO.To My Friends and Home1 People:High School Girls Taught Courtship,Mothercraft, and Domestic Science in Lcs Angeles, Cal.Los Angeles, Cal. A course ofmatrimony has been included in thecurriculum of the Gardens AgriculturalHigh school here. Five classes ofgirls are daily taking advantage of instruction in courtship, matrimony, thecare of babies, mothercraft and domestic science.It is planned that boys in Los An-1 ingeles shall be permitted, to take thecourse next year, but some doubt is expressed, about the need of this. It isargued that "the female of the species" will be so adept in the matterof courtship and marriage by the endof the year that she will have littledifficulty in imparting her knowledgeto the less deadly male.The girls are taught how to deportthemselves during courtship, and instructed in household management,home dietetics, housekeeping accounts, dressmaking, millinery, andeven in such practical matters as, howplumbers are supposed to do theirwork and how much they should bepaid.Esteem That Is Lasting."There is no occasion to regard withcontinual dislike one who Bad formerly a mean opinion of your merits; foryou are never so sure of permanentesteem as from the man who once esteemed you lightly, and has correctedhis mistake if it be a mistake." SirArthur Helps.JKissed Lad Dead of Rabies.Brighton, Mich. Mr. and Mrs.James Avis, their two soiis and twodaughters knelt by the bedside oftheir son and brother, James Jr., andkissed him goodby. A post mortemproved that the youth died of rabieand now the family of six are patientat an Ana. Arbor lastituU. ' I,A Vain Effort.Why don't you take an interestaffairs?" said the offhand adviser."Why don't you read the newspapersso that you can converse intelligentlywith your husband"?" "I tried to," replied young Mrs. Torkins, "but Imade a mistake." I read' the president's message insteadof the footballnews."Worry as a National Error.At the door of worry are laid 50 percent of the troubles of the Americanpeople. Scientists who have devotedthemselves to a study of worry andits influence on the mind, do not hesitate to say that Americans are theworst offenders.Exceptional Case.First Beggar I tell you, Bill, It payster be polite. A 'Thank yer' neverhurt nobody. Second Beggar It didme. I said it to a lady without thinkin when I had me deaf and dumb cardon, an' she had me arrested for an, imposter. Boston Evening-TranscriptKill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut grand protection is afforded byElectric Bitters, which destroy and expel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's, why chills, feverand ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases vield promptly to this wonderful blood purifier. Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backf not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Nowadays.It's a wise play that knows its ownauthor. Harper's Bazar.Ends Winter's Troubles.To"many winter is a'season of trouble. The" frost-bitten toes and fingerschanced hands and lips, chilblains,cold'sores, red and rough skins.provethis. But snch troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial convinces, Greatest healer of burns,hmls. niles. cuts, sores, bruises, eczema and sprains. 25c at Qhprdorfer's.A Definition.The dream is conversation arranged.Lady Gregory.I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines m circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.Hot and ColdB AT H SHot and cold bathsEverything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stabenvoll, Allison.Ia.. in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:'They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well-again, ;Only 25e at Oberdorfer's. -TOBACCOHAULING....,We are prepared to haulTobacco to the markets atany point. No crop toolarge. We can- furnish teamsand wagons.TRANSFER.... f-r i : ,i i r ir5in the city. Special atten, tion given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Insure yith W. O. hintofl.Prompt paying ' non - unioffcofrpanies. ; tfTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN.-23, 1912,tnir!Bift -icLEARANCEA L ESaturday, January 20th,At 8 O'Clock, p. m., We Opened Our Doors With aSale That Eclipse Anything Ever BeforeAttempted in Paris.Several large Eastern manufacturers, anticipating arecord-breaking holiday trade, stocked heavily so as totake care of "hurry orders." The unseasonable weatherand the lack of snow in December, throughout the entirecountry, affected the Shoe industry more than other lines,and "hurry orders'"' were few and far between. Ourbuyers, always tin the spot, finally induced them, owingto our immense outlet, to consign these goods to DanCohen to be converted into ready money.If You Value Money, If You Value Shoe Comfort, andIf You Value Style, We Advise YouTo Come At Once.One Lot Ladies' $1 .75 and $2 values in Patent Colt,Gun Metal and Kid, button and lace, C&ldSale Price pLadies' $1 .25 Congress S ippers, madeof. soft Kid, tip or plain toe, Safe Price 31 57 wLadies' 60c Storm RubbersSale PriceOne Lot of Ladies' $2.50 and $2.75 values includessome of the latest style 1 6-ButtonBoots, in Gun Metal and Patent,Reduced to !.39c$1.99One Lot Ladies' new style 16-Buttonin Tan, Gun Metal, Patent Colt andVelvet, $3.50 value, Reduced to...Boots, madeS2.49Misses' $2 and $2.25 values inMetal, aud Kid, button and lace,Reduced to APatent Colt, Gun$1 .49150 pairs Misses' $1.25 to $1.75values, at99cGrown Girls' hieh 1 6-Button Boots Patent and GunMetal, school heels, $2.50 values,Reduced to$1.89Boys' and Youths' Box Calf Shoes,sizes, 1 1-2 to 5 1-2, Sale Priceall99cOne Lot Boys' $2.00 Box Calf Shoes, some oddsizes, high cuts included,Sale Price$1.49One Lot Infant's Soft Soles, 25c value, at 9cMisses' Storm Rubbers, at39cOne Lot Men's Tan and Black, heavyHigh Cuts, $3 value, Reduced to..One Lot Men's $2 and $2.50 Shoes,broken sizes, Reduced to$1.49One Lot Men's$4.00 values,Reduced toPatent and Gun Metal Shoes,One Lot Men's 3-Buckle All-Rubber rfr - qqArctics, $3.50 value, atOnk Lot Men's Cloth BuckleArctics, at99One Lot Men's Patent $4 WalkOver Shoes,. Reduced to$3.19IIOne Lot Men's Patent Shoes, broken sizes,$2.00 to $3.00 values, at99DA IN COtlEIN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.ISpecial Clufahing Rate for 60Days.By special arrangement the News isenaoled to furnish the most attractiveclubbing; rale ever put before the public For the next 60 days we will offerthe Daily Chicago Exaimner, recognized as one of the foremost journals ofthe United States in connection withike Bourbon News, for one year for$75. This is a great opportunity toLaymen's Conference to be HeldHere.The Laymen's Conference of thePresDyterian church will be held inthis city on January 30, beginning ai10 o'clock a. m. and closing with theeening service. The sessions ot theconference will be held in lh Presbyterian church. The conference is designed especially for the laymen butall the sessions ' except the banquetwill" be open to the general public. Aninvitation has been extended to allother religious denominations to attend the sessions.The ladies of the Paris church willgive a banquet at 6:30 o'clock on theevening of the conference to the visitors and the local congregation. Thesubjects for discussion at the sessionscf the conference are in general,"The Every Member Canvas Plan ofSystematical Beneficence" and "TheHome Mission Evangelistic Work inOur Neighboring Territory."Some of the greatest speakers of thecountry will be on the program as follows :Rev. S. S. Lyons, D. D , of Louisville, will speak on "PresbyterianMen."Rev. II . H. Sweets, D. D., of Louisville, on "Home Missions."Rev. Homer McMillan, D D.. ofAtlanta, Ga , on "Hume Missions."Rev. S. M. Logan, D. D., of Wilmore, Ky., on "The Deacon's Part inthe Assembly Plan."Prof. C. G. Crooks, of Central University, Danville, on "At Your OwnDoor."secure both papers at a great reduction. All subscriptions should be sentto the,News. tfJanuary Bargains.We are offering great bargainsall furniture during the month ofJanuary. Call in and look them over.J. T. HINTON.onsoCreek Rise Breaks Ice.The sudden rise of Stoner creek Friday follwoing a brief warm spell brokethe ice which was frozen to a thickness of fromafour to six inched and thecrystal began to flow in the swiftstream Friday looming. When theice first gave way, according to thosewho witnessed the spectacle it W2Sgorged in some places to a height ofsix or seven feet. Up until noon Friday the ice continued to flow, causedby the break farther up the stream.This is the first time in the memoryof the oldest citizens that an ice flowhas occurred in Stoner crdek.Will Inspect Paris Commandery.Sir Knight F. W. Hardwick, Eminent Grand Standard Bearer, will visitCoeur de Lion Commandery No. 26,Knights Templar, Friday, January 26,1912, at 7 o'clock p. m., for the purDose of making the anual inspection.The Order of the Temple will be conferred. A full attendance is desiredand the Knights are requested to bringtheir uniforms.THEATRICAL."THE GAMBLERS."Charles Klein's greatest play, "TheGamblers," which run throughout lastseason at Maxine Elliott's Theatre,New York, comes to the Grand tonight,Tuesday. The story of life play has todog with a group of bankers, theyoungest member of whicn agrees togo to jail and pay the penalty for atechincal offense of which all areguilty, provided his father, an innocent man, shall not suffer. The "storyof the attempt of the young bankofficer to get all the others free, andhis love for the wife of the cold-bloodedprosecuting attorney, innocentlybrought into the affair, is one of themost gripping plays theatregoers havehad offered them in many a day.This is a Kl?w & Erlanger production and one of the strongest nlavs,I both scenically and in regard to cast?of characters that this well knowncopmany has this s.eason. Seats maybe reserved at Mitchell & Blakemore'sSaturday. The Lexington OperaHouse Orchestra will furnish themusic."THE GIRL FROM U. S. A.""The Girl From U. S. A." whichappears at the Paris Grand on next! Friday, .lanuary 26, is said to be aliterary invention. It makes everybodysit up and take notice. Though showing in its evolution the social life of', the orient in its two most strikingphases, it is so vividly American in.sentiment, so vigorously clever in! dialpgue, and astonishingly true as totype and characters, that no one everthinks that any of it exciting compli! cations or other than the naturali events of real life portrayed so strik! mgly. Of course it is a love story.A story of hate also with its twinJ revenge of unlawful desire and lawj'ful triumph. And it shows in vividi gleams the complicated politics ofother lands, and the close relationshipI of our own government with the onefree press on earth, whose mighty. voice rontrols the world and decidesthe fates of individuals and nations.' Prices 25 and 35 cents. Resreved seatsat Mitchell & Blakemore's.ForcomingSocial Side of ReunionDaughters.-The social side of the coming Reunion of tne United Veterans atMacon, Ga., May 7-9, 1912, will bevery interesting to the United Daughters of the Confederacy, for MrsWalter D. Lamar as Chairman of theWoman s Auxiliary is making a special effort to eclipse in a social wav anvi previous reunion, as far as the Daughters are concerned in the, event.I Mrs. Lamar has appointed the ful-' lowing well known ladies to assist her" in this important pari of the work:Hospitality Mrs. E. J. Willingham.City Beautiful Mrs Walter Grace.Entertainment of Maids and SponsorsMrs. Chas. H. HaJl.Decorations Mrs. John A. Selden.Finances-Mrs. A. Flew Holt.Music Mrs. James W. Callaway,Jr.Press Miss Ida Holt.These committees are meeting quitefrequent and they are doing a wonderful amount of active work. Mrs.Lamar has also the city divided into25 sections, each of which has a subchairman a"nd the same sub-committees,the whole working under onehead, that of Mrs. Lamar.The U. D. C.'s will work in conjunction with the Sons, and those who attend the reunion will find1 a realGeofrgia hospitable welcome awaitingthem upon their arrival the "The jMagnetic Center" of Dixie. Infor- Jmation of any kind desired by theDaughters will be cheerfully given byaddressing the General Secretary, -E. 'H. Hy&an:JANUSRiALE!Saturday Was The Biggest Day in The History of OurBusiness In Point of SalesWhich Proves That the People of Paris and -Bourbon Oounty Are Awake to theGreatest Opportunity Ever Presented Them For the Purposeof Saving Money on Clothing and Men's Wear.Never before in the history of sales has there been such a sale as this one, where all theseasonable merchandise is included, where you have your choice of this season's best stylesfrom the country's best makers, where buying Clothing is a matter of investment, for we aredonating to the people our share of the profits when we offer such merchandise at suchridiculously low prices.It was our purpose when we inaugurated this sale to reduce our stock, and when wehave reduced it to the point we are striving at, this sale will close, then the merchandisegoes at only the regular prices. Come to-day, prepare to lay in your supply of Clothing andMen's Furnishings for a year.Clothes Are Something You've Got To Have.YourBuyClothesWhen Such an Opportunity for Saving Money onPresents Itself, Then Take Advantage of itTodoy Money Saved is Money Made.$9.98 For Suits and Overcoats that sold for $12.50.11.98. . . .For Suits and Overcoats that sold for 15.00.$14.98 For choice lot of patterns and stvles in Grevs, Blacks andBrown that sold for $20.00.$16.98. . . -For Suits and Overcoats that sold for $22.50.$18.98 A beautiful selection of Suits and Overcoats in the season'snewest styles of Grey, Brown and Black, in Worsted,Cheviot, Cassimere and Shetlands, that formerly sold for$25.00. The biggest selection we show...For Suits and Overcoats that sold for $27.98.For Suits and Overcoats that sold for $30.00 and $35.00.'The patterns we show in these are equal to the finest ofCustom tailoring, and the workmanship and fit the equal.$21.98...$23.98 )$27.98 )" 'Copyright 1911The Hcuse of Kuppenh:ira;fChicasoWhy Not Save $1 to $2 on Your Pants.You'll need a pair, perhaps, to tide you over the winter, andyojll surety save money by buying them during our sale.We've always made a specialty of Pants, carry a big stock ofthem in all sizes, to fit anyone waists 30 to 52, lengths from29 to 36.Every Pair of Pants in Our Stock Reduced.Paragan and Dutchess Makes.K0All Boys9 Suits and Overcoats Reduced.We've never shown a better selection ofChildren's and Boy's Suits and Overcoatsthan we are now showing. You get thepick of them at the price you ordinarily payfor medium grades.Genuine High Rock Fleece-linedUnderwear, 50c grade, Sale Price39c$3 and $3.50 Hats Now $2,YW choice of any $3 or $3.5(j Hat in ourhouse, including all the newest shapes inTelescopes and Alpines, in all finishes,Scratch-up, Fuzzy and Kettle.Manhattan Shirts.You'll find the best selection of this famousShirt here at all times, and now at prices weoffer them, it's like getting money fromhome to lay in your supply now.$1.50 Manhattan Shirts $1.15$2.00 Manhattan Shirts $1.48$2.50 Manhattan Shirts $1.88Dr.-Jaros Healthest Half P. ice:Underwear, the warm-Bradley & PhoenixSale Price. 25c.Mufflers 50c Grade,I2 doz. Combination Sets, J consisting ofHandkerchief, Tie and Socks, all matchingHaliPrice..At the prices we are" offering the above well-known and seasonable goods,you can save from $5 to $50 by supplying your wardrobe now.Remember you can't buy such goods as these at such prices every day inthe year.P. -W". DAVISIcfc OO.We Pre-pay Express Charges. Anywhere Within, J00 Miles on Purchases Amounting to $5.00,or Over Mail Orders Promptly Filled. Nsi