THEBOURBONNEWSPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR-ifVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, MAY 28, 1912Paris, in Gala Dress, Awaits the Coming of theGrand Commandery of Kentucky KnightsARRAYED M KNIGHTSParis in Holiday Dress Awaitingthe Arrival of PlumedArmy of CrossPLANS ARE ALL COMPLETETwo Thousand Knights and Ladies Are Expected to BeIn AttendanceParis is in gala attire awaiting thearrival of the Grand Commandery ofthe Knights Tempear of Kentucky,which will convene in this city Wednesday mornine in the sixty-fifth conclave. Extensive preparations, wlrchhave been under way for severalweeks, have been comnleted and arrangements havs been made to takecare of two thousand Knights ' andladies who are expected to attend.The town is a mass of flags and bunting, all business houses being arrayedin colors emblematic of the order, thestreets lined with flowing banners,while many of the private residencesare profuse in their decorations offlags and bunting.Main street presents a fairy scene!from both sides at the intersectingstreet and in the centerof each blocklong flowing banners of red, vvnite andblue ad white and black, extend fromthe wire supurots fifteen feet in heightto the sidewalk, between which oreAmerican flags and emblems of theorder in glowing colors. jThe work of decorating the Mainstreet was commenced at a late hourSunday nrsht and completed early yesterday morning, and the citizens;awoke to rind the main thoroughfare ofthe city a veritable arcwayof fiacs ardstrpamers from Second street to Tenth,beneath which the plurred Knights willform in review. jThe city is mora profusely decoratedfor the occasion than in 1906, when theconclave was held here. Up to lastnight the work ot rfpcorating manv ofthe buildings had no: been completed,,but those, which loom up amongtHemost prominent are the court "houseTlwhere the business session of the !Grand Commandery will be held, the jElks' Building, which will be thescene of many social events, and the,Wilson Building, in which tne hall ofSIR KNIGHT M.Chairman Executive andthe local commandery is located.Yesterday morning a heavv rainfell, but in no manner were the streetdecorations damaged, with gthe exception of that in one location where supporting wire was broken by the strongwind. The colorings being fast, theram did not mar the beauty of thescenevand rather than detract ed-Jed tothe attractiveness of the decorations.Before the arrival of the first commandery today it 13 exDected all rf the.repairs on the "s'.raet will be ccmpleted, as a large force of men were em"ployed in this ork yesterdav andevery effort will be made to have itcompleted before the Grand Commandery goes into session Wednesdaymorning, and which will be followed bythe parade. Everything will be clearand attractive and tonight a foice ofmen will flush Main street and placethe streets along the line -of march inthe best oossible condition for themarching Knights.As a fHting ODening to the conclaverhe Paris Mijitary Band, which i;umfcers -twenty-five pieces, and eneig(by Cceur de Lion Commandery, of thiscity, gave a concert on the court houselawn last night, and while the weatherconditions were somewhat threatening,an exceptionally large crowd waa butto hear the program which was rendered in an admirable fashion. The program was as follows:Opening March, "Enterpriser."'Overture, "Pastime"Selection, "Every Little Movement"March, "Everybody's Doing It"Waltz. "Minerva"Overture, "Haut Monde"Barn Dance, "Dr. Tinkle Tinkei"March. "Ragtime Violin''Serenade. "Sweet Dreams"March, "Mysterious Rag"Intermezzo. "Dancing in the Starlight" Overture, "Songs of the SunnySouth"Twenty-eight commanderies from allpirts of the State, have been assignedto quarters, and all are expected tocome with a large per cent of theirmembership. Many of .the commanderies will be accompanied bv bands.The Knights will begin to arrive todayand all incoming trains'wi'l be met byCoeur de Lion Commandery No. 26,of this city, headed by the Pans Military Band, and will be escorted to thecommandery headquarters on Broadway, where'they will be registered andprovided with badges and programsand later escorted ro their respectiveheadquarters to which they have beenpreviously assigned. . The number ofcommanderies which will attend theconclave exceeds that of last time theGrand Commandery met hereby seven,on that occasion twenty-one commanderies being in attendance.The opening event of the social feature which usually markthe'conclaves,will be held at the Elks' Hall tonightwhen the. Versailles commandery willentrtam with a reception and dancefrom 9 until 2 o'clock.Wednesday morni g the commanderies will assemble at the ChristianChurch, on High street, where the divine services will be held. The annual sermon will be preached by SirKnight Elder Carey E. Morgan, ofNashville, Tenn., who recently camefrom that city toParis to have conferred unon him thedegree of the Illustrious Order of the Red Cross. Theaddress of welcomefon behalf of Coeurde Lion Commandery No. 26 will bedelivered by Sir Knight Claude M.Thomas and theJresponEe will be madeby Sir Knight Rev; Robert J. Bamber,of Versailles.Immediately after the divine services the commanderies will form infront of the Christian Church forparade, which will be headed by theH. H. DAVIS 'Finance CommitteeParis Military Band and Coeur de LionCommandery. of this city. The lineof march will extend from fthe Christian Church North on High street toSeventh; East on Seventh to Main;North on Main to Third ; East on Thirdto Pleasant; South on Pleasant toTwelfth street; Weston Twelfth toMain and North on Main to the courthouse, where the commanderies will bein review. The parade will be underthe direction of Eminent Sir KnightMason P. Bmvvn, Captain Generaland Sir Knight LQiiincy Ward GrandMarshal.On the march North on Main streetfrom Twelfth, and at Seventh "street,the commanderies will fform in linesalong both sides of the street wth thebands in the rear of the line of clumedKnights and ihroughlthe officers" of theGrand Commandery will pass. By theorder of Ghief of Police J. C. Elgin.Mam street from Tenth to thecourt hou-e must be free from all vehicles and traffic from ten to eleveno'clock, to avoid beaking'the. line ofthe-Knights, who' will' occupy bothsides of the. street. One featuie ofw 'mSIR KNIGHT WILLIAM YEOMANRight Eminent Grand Commander of Kentucky: 1the line of march is the short joutewhich has been arranged. " ;At twelve o'clock ' Wednesday, tne'Grand Commandery will hold its opensession in the Circuit Court room inthecourt house, and this will be followed by receptions by the variouscommanderies throughout the city, jinursday morning at nine o clock theGrand Commandery will again hold asession which will be followed by theinstallation of the Grand Lodgefficers. - . ,Thurday afternoon the Knights willbe given an automobile ride to Mlliersburg where visits will be made to boththe Millersburg Military Institute andthe Millersburg Female College,where refreshments will be served.Millersburg is making extensive preparations to entertain the visitors" whilein the Jittle city and a most enjoyabletime is expected for those who willattend.From the number of automobiles inthis city and county, there should be asufficient number placed at the disposal of all the Sir Knights and ladieswho will' desire to make the trip, andwith the view of providing transportation for all who mav desire to go toMillersburg it has been requested" thatall automobile owners, who care tohelp entertain the visitors have theircars on the court house square Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock.4S4I Headquarters of-f It sl -v m - -1-1 s-7 4LOUISVILLE No. l' Miss Flora Hill,Main and Twelfth streets.WEBB No. .Windsor Hot. 1.VERSAILLES No. 3-Mrs. E. Bishop.- Vine street and Stoner Avenue.FRANKFORT No. 4-Mra. . B;hop,Vine street and Stoner Avn.-u'e.MONTGOMERY No. 5-Boarbon College, Cypress street.COVINGTON No. 7 Eurr House, Highstreet, near Broadwa..MAYSVILLE No. 10 Mrs. Sarr.anthaWalls, White Addition.PADUCAH No. 11 Windsor Hotel.DE MOLAY No. 12 Bourbon College,Cypress street.NEWPORT No. 13-Windsor Hotel.OWENSBuRO No. 15-Windsor Hotel.CYNTHIANA lo. 16 Mrs. F. Sutherland. Main, between Eleventh andIwelfth streets.RYAN No. 17 Windsor Hotel. vCARLISLE No. 18 Windsor Hotel.RICHMOND No.l9.-Bourbon College,Cypress street. .JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE No. 20Fordham Hotel.MARION No. 24-Windsor Hotel.ASHLAND No., 28-Mrs. SamanthaWalls, White Addition.WINCHESTER No, 30SOMERSET No. 31 ' :SHELBY No. 32-WindsorHotelLQNDON No. 33-Windsor Holel:;;- . - ...ri"TilMr'tTOfficial Program tt 65 th Annual tt K: T. Conclave fTUESDAY. MAY 28.Arriving Commandpries will be metby Cueur de Lion Commandery, No.26, and escorted to headquarters onBroadway. Sir Knights and Ladieswill be registered.provided with badgesand programs and escorted to their respective headquarters..9 :00 P. M. to 12 M. ReceDtion andfiance by Versailles Commandery, JNo.3, at Elks' Hall and Club Rooms.WEDNESDAY. MAY 29.8:30 A W. The several Commanderies will assemble at their respectivequarters ad proceed to the Christianchurch, on High street.9:00 A. M. A'ddrejs of welcome onbehalf of Coeur de Linn CommanderyNo. 26, bv Sir Knight Claude M.Thomas. Response on behalf of theGrand Commandery by Sir "KnightRobert J. Bamber, Junior Warden ofVersailles Commandery, No. 3.9:30 A. M. Divine services. Invocation by Sir Knight Kev. B. M. Shive.D. D. Sermon oy Sir Knight Rev!OVE TEAMM TO IHPBRealizing the importance of havinga good- base ball team to reDresentParis in the Blue Grass League, andfollowing one defeat from Lexingtonin the double-header Friday,' shutoutby the same team Saturday, a defeatby the lowly Hustlers Sunday andanother defeat by the Lawmakers yesterday afternoon the management hastaken steps to improve the team bythe addition of several new men. Tobegin with Outfielder Campbell wasreleased after the game Sunday afternoon and an outfielder by the name ofCarlton i3 expected to be in the lineup this afternoon. The Paris management has the hooks out for several newmen., among the number being a pitcher, an outfielder and an infielder.President Bacon has been in communication with Chas. Beniesh. ahurler of considerable note, who is at present in Pennsylvania, and is expeted toarrive in a few days. Beniesh is afull-blooded ChiDpewa Indian, a student at Carlisle University, and at present is Ditching independent ball inPennsylvania. In two games last weekbe pitched shut-out ball in bothinstances. It is said he can throwwith either hand and Bitch one gamewith his right and another with hisleft.Thomas Dugger, the old Paris favorite; is another one of the probable additions to the Paris team. Dugger isat present withJMcKernan's BattleCreek team, but the roster is so crowded and it is likely he will drift into theBourbbnite ranksun the next jew days.1 T v, .Carey E. Morgan. Benediction by SirKnight Rev. Taylor Sharrard, all forSir Knight Arthur N. Kichardson,Grand Prelate. Music under directionof Prof. Albert H. Morehead. MisaBetsy Kay, Organist. During the services the following' musical numberswill be rendered :Awake the Song HammondSolo and Chorus.Gloria in Excelsis BuckQuartette and Chorus.Te Deum (in B Minor) BuckQuartette and Chorus.O, Jesus, Thou Art Standing.MoreheadMale Quartette.10:30 A. M. Immediately followingthe conclusion of the divine services,the parade will form on High street,under the direction of Eminent SirKnight Mason P. Brown. Grand Cau-tain-General.and Sir Knight J. QuincyWard, Grand Marshal.12:00 M. Opening session of theGrand Commandery of Kentucky, inthe Circuit Court room of the Bourboncounty icourt house."3:00 to 5:00 P. M. Reception andlawn party by Maysville CommanderyNo. 10". at the residence of Mrs.Sarnantha Walls, in White Addition.4:00 to 6:00 P. M. Reception andlawn party by Montgomery Commandery, No. 5, and Richmond Commaniery, No. 19, at Bourbon College.I 8:00 to 10:00 P. M. Reception andlawn fete by Louisville Commandery.No. 1, at the residence of Miss FloraHill, corner Twelfth and Main streets.9:00 P. M. to 1:00 A. M: Receptionand dance by Covington Commandery.No. 7, at Elks' Hall and club rooms.8:00 P. M. to 12:00 M. Receptionandjdance by Webb Commandery, No.22, at Tucker Building.THURSDAY. MAY 30.9 :00 A. M.- Session of the GrandCommandery of Kentucky, in the Circuit Court room in the court house.Installation of Grand Officers at theclose of the session.10:00 A. M. to 12:00 M. The AlamoMoving Picture Theatre free to all SirKnights and ladies.2:30 to 5:30 P. M. Automobile rideto Millersburg, with visit to MiliersourcMilitary Institute and Millersburg Femal College, where retreshments will9 :30 P. ' M. to .Reception anddance by Coeur de Lion Comandery No.26at Elks' Hall and club. room.Lunch will be served to all visitingKnights and their ladies stx12:00 M..on Wednesday and Thursday in thebasement of the Bourbon county courthouse.Other Commanderies will hold Receptions, but the details are r.ot known atthe time of going to press.SIR KNIGHT CHARLES A. 'McMILLANEminent Commander of Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26Red Shears, . formerly with Paris,has sent President Bacon word that hewill be able to send him a fast outfielder released by the New York Americans, and he has been wired to comedirect to'Paris. Frank Lock, a brother of Elmer Lock, a member of theParis aggregation, will also likely joinParis. He is a catcher and utility manand is said to be an excellent man inany position.The local management is makingevery effort to give Paris., a inningteam' and it is an assured "tact that ina short time the Bourbbnite will beup in the running and batting for' thefirst position.TO JUJTO OWNERS.All auto owners avIio arewilling to help entertain theConclave visitors will pleasehavetheir cars on Court lipaseSquare, Thursday, afternoon at2 o'clock tor the trip" to Millersburg,KNIGHTS HONOR PARISFor Second , Time in, Six YearsKentucky Grand Comman' dery Meets Here- ' ''TLOCAL COMMANDERY HOSTCommittees Complete Arrangements for the Sixty-Fifth'Annual ConclaveParis this week will be honored bythe Kentucky KnightTemplar who hasselected this city as the place for holding the sixty-fifth annual conclave,the second time within a period of sixyears, that the Grand Comandery haschosen tnis place for x their yearlymeeting, a privilege and courtesy seldom accorded a city in so short a time.Coeur de Lion Commandery No. 26of this city will be the host on this occasion and will extend a royal Kentucky welcome to the visitors who it issaid will number around the -2,000mark and everything has been done toarrange for their comfort and enjoyment while they will grace the citywith their chivalric rjresence.Since the Grand Commandery met inthis city in May 1906, conclaves havebeen held in Maysville, Winchester,Ashland, Lebanon, and Lexington, andwhile 'every thing was done for theirpleasure, it has been exnressed timeand time again that the conclave held! in Paris eclinsed them all. It is confidently believed that the efforts toentertain the visitors will meet, withmuch greatecr success than on the occasion of their last visit to Paris.In hospitility and courtesy to be extended to the distinguished visitors the! local commandery will have the heartycc-operation of the citizens and business men of the city. The doors ofthe homea have been thrown open andthe citizens will vie with the TemplarsI in acting as ho3t and everything" hasI beenjlone to. insure them pleasantI visit.; For several weeks the various comImiltees appointed by the local organizI ation have been busily engaged fn ar1 ranging for the event wWch is upperI most in the minds of Kentucky TeropI lars at the Dresent time and all incidental details have been completed.The Quarters Ctrmmittee has Jbeeo.busily engaged in securing accomo-1 dations for those who will attend andj a week age all arrangements werecompleted in this department.The conclave this year will be on alarger and grander scale than thatheld six years ago, as the experienceacquired from the former event taughtthe committees and citizens jusl howto proceed to complete all arrangements so that nothing of any invrjortwould be ornmitted which would inany way mar the occasion but to contribute to the success of the conclavealong a line hitherto unthoughtofIt is probable the conclave will ..gfar beyond the expectations ofthife'most fnterest and mark a new e'rcif-inthe history of the Templars GrandCommandery. It has been the pleasure of the citizens to extend an unbound hospitality and in this casethere is no reason to believe there willnot be a repitition of their courtsejrand hospitaliy which reigns supremeon all occasions of a like nature.Brief History of Coeur de JLionCommandery No. 26,From the humble membership tseventeen, Coeur de Lion Command -yNo. 26, of Paris, barely in its twehty-(Contlnued on Page 4)- ...303fit r;.niv-.4"THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; MAY, 28 1912."f t'- (11DISEASED MENEtabIised J592) LY A TRUE 5?UCL.- . MEN. (Establish J892)There is absolutely zv jxrhtvi k ; !oct 'Ite results f the cour-e of treatment Ijive for each, c th; i-i;.:u- J lr.no a n -'iaItjl, for M;ioa r.fter beginning mytreatment every syu.pio.u ilc.ic di-ap);j-.-j st.L t?ie toblc never returns.-loiyelt en;:A CERTQUICIIEST CURESTh-t Ctay CuredCURDr i ctral:; if not, I -will notI cjo a; yihing for you. The beatf "i tcsit--nxl reliability .are the many-ij-s. v.hiii proves that my treatiT?r .v r WTnom a cent andI .v..s iv cli;i..co to prove I can cureXr. O. X.. Dnllci- "w!:st T g've yon iiaccept your money sru , -o:.n-fuieucts I i oa. g-r: -a.- tcured, :t:.-f'U p::i.43 I t.Uei.l euros jf . i.t I -YOJ C.l 'I.ILj- ll.VAY AKTIIK I. l't.r, o.Aiiiict-t, !...im.. al Ji.tnltemetu ;:.. in iivatsis-1: :3 t"irer-nf-, IWtrr rnd COSTS YOU2x01.Hi.Scr u ; n-i a e v. iUg. g!ad satialied to pay me.rat-'c i.-. i;isi..h. it nhich i jivu curedSO MANY Mrs- Ov ftKGIVt J AIL1.D TO RECEIVE ACR-d I-i li.LAr:Nv.- OSiri-l. bFl.ClAI.IoTS.rul lli'lnrpeil G!ands, Nervous-Ktfls, ftv.c-....i;, Cwc Acid.Varicose Enlargementii a Iinot"7, tnnthy, twisted, worm-like-:i:i .a t.r veins core often on left side,l.i g l.wer.Snaptnmg Achingo Tain in Groin or" :. rotitn8, AVeakneBS, JLoas of"....i.ry, 1-uck of Ambition.I ci-3 Vaficoso Enlargement by onet-entn.ent in i Jie visit, without a severeFunjierl rre-ntii n rr suffering, or keepingJu i.Tiy iroi Liiueis.A c-- Inching, Darning,- -Lv- ii-D' ) Swelling andI In unatism.TSlood Poison Skin Disease? :JKasb, Sore Month e r Thn .t, a - f 'Glands, Mucous Patches, C,-p-'--r I;Spot? Rheumatic Pains, uci-:;:,Burning, Nervousness..Nervousness, Vcal. ,bailing Health, wIkne? ;Memory, Loss of Energy, Jrai.i 'Ambition, "WornoutFeeiinT'tni'' . i pi. ".cache, Backache, Excesses, .ue.:;a'j-,.lv,X8ilyExcited, Restlens atXijrl.tn'-M o- of the symptoms that d-jtrv nv .:n'.- d.,TJrinary,Kidney and BladierTiieooeoc Obstructions, Sti t tv?tJLlSeaSeb pain in liatk, Rlaa-s-rFREE CONSULTATION AVO EXrrTrN VTIN. Writ" f-r Tree Rook, aestio4.JBlank and get my Charg-, Terms, V.iu of Curo n.nd F.tli Information FlTEE.Address or call on:m. C. L DOLLE, Alcn-G-cciaHst, 525 WALNUT STRECT,Between iJth and th Aer.n,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincin-Ci, O.- SIGN THIS COUPON FOU A VA-.U-l-:, BOOK. FREE.. I. 1)0 MX. .. r... 31 P., 523 V.'ninnt atrret, Cintln.ntU : . P1-C-? M-ii.l me frva om of your bookshji Ktot To- M-11;" i'l- Q.js-ton Blank, as I desiret 'i-oribd tuv o ia you :r tuo purpose of takingt-'Vmnt, if I lriil cu cure cie audi yourTri-State.ISftftwft4Bourbon LaundryDAVIS. & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.Office Opp. Postbffice.A P rficular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. "You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky,m(its$vviStstTHE BOURBQN' NEWSPARIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous Publication"Published Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .$2.00-Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks," calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large, advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o' publisher is reservedf,n ileolinfi anv advertisement or otriermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspapers stock intrade, its source of revenue.$400 Reward For Night Riders.Tobacco growers of Trirrc and Lycfncounties ar heaving trouble again, asunidentified parties have been destroying and scraping the tobacco beds inthose counties. From present indications it looks like the night ridertroubles will again be renewed in thttpart of the Statu. Gov. McCreary atthe request of county officals of Triggcounty, has offered $400 rewar for thearrest of the men who have beenscraping an destroying tobacco bed?.,Mischievous Anger.Our anger and impatience oftenprove much more mischievous thanthe things about which we are angryor impatient. Marcus Aure.'ius.No Limit to His Cleverness.Two men, one eighty years old andone ninety years old, who live in aninstitution near Washington, had aquarrel that developed into a fist fight.The eighty-year-old pugilist won.Later he was boasting of his prowess."He said I couldn't lick him!" exclaimed the successful fighter. "Goldarn his skin, I could have licked himif he had been a hundred years old!"Saturday Evenip? Post."SdaJcirig" the Con turner.Once more the poor did consumer hasto dig down in his pocket and pay tribute to a trust. This time it is the coalfrust, and the excuse given for thistrust's latest scheme to gouge a fewextra dollars out of the public is thefact that the coal miners went on astrike.There is no evidence that the coalstrike, which was not, strictly speaking, a strike, cost the trust anytingbut the Drofit it would have made hadthe men not laid down their tools pending a readjustment of their contracts. But with this weak excuse fora basis, the trust has decreed thatthere shall be no usual spring discountof 30 cents per ton on coal this year.It also is announced that the usualsummer discount will not be allowedThus the consumers pay not only theloss in the profits suffered by the trustduring the "strike," but he also naysfor the slightly increased cost of minng, due to the small raise in paygranted to the miners.Does anybody pay the miner for themoney he lost in wages during the layoff? Not that anybody knows of. Theminer is not in a position to gouge thelong suffering consumer.Heyburh's Repealer.Senator Heyburn, of Idaho, hasmade threeseparate attempts this winter to have the Canadian Reciprocityact repealed. Inasmuch as this actwas not accepted by Canada, there -isno earthly use in repealing it. ButHeyburn has a reason.Along with the reciprocity act Congress passed an act to remove the dutyof Canadian wood pulp. This becameeffective with the Dassage of the Recifprocity act. and did not require theconcurrence'of Canada. To reoeal thewhole act would also repeal this provision, hence the paper trust is extremely anxious'to have the Reciprocity act repealed.! NewspaDers have,from time to time, fully demonstratedHeyburn's uselessness. Hence he isanxious to "get even. "J At least thatis the charitable explanation of his activity.CTJLTtnEfeEr LAWS. .Nature's lawsrare perfect if only we obey them, but disease follows disobedience. Go straight to Nature for the cure, to the forest; there are mysteries there,some of which we can fathom for you. Take the bark of the Wild-cherry tree,with mandrake root, Oregon grape root, stone root, queen's root, Woodroot ndgolden seal root, make a s'nentitic, glyceric extract of them, with just the rightproportions, and you haveDOCTOR PIERCE'S GOLDEN MEDICAL .DISCOVERY.0iIt took Dr. Pierce, with the assistance of two lsarned chemists and pharma-cists, many months of hard work experimenting to perfectthis vegetable alterative and tonic extract of the greatestefficiency. 'Me. C. W. Pawley, of Miilville, Calif.,writes : " i wish,to tell you that I have used your ' Golden Medical Discovery ' in ray family for twerity years. We have had adoctor called in but once during that time. I have a familyof ten children, all well and hearty, for which, to a greatextent, we owe thanks to you and your Golden MedicalDiscovery ' and ' Pellets,' which we use when sick."Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and invigorateC. V7. Pawley, Esq. stomach, liver and bowels, bugar-coated, tiny granules,.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMEDBOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.rWhy not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnThree Kinds of Men.There are three kinds of men in throrld those (the best) who makeJokes, thoseho can enjoy jokes, andthose (the worst kind) who attempt toexplain jokes. G. K. Chesterton, inLondon Daily News.Avoiding Temptation.What you ought not to do, do notthink about doing. Pythagoras.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,j go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstj cla? barbers. 13 tfwith plenty of out-door exercise, pure food and air, willarrest consumptive tendencies,allay irritation in throat andlungs, and build up the wholebody. All Druggists.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield. N J 12-14BEMIS TRANSPLANTERSSiill Deaf.' That the reactionaries in the Senateare still deaf to the voice cf-the peopleis evidenced by the fact that the Lorimer committee, the majority whomare last ditch standpatters and Tories,has once more whitewashed the Chicago boss. If the people of the UnitedStates could go to the polls and voteon the question of keeping Lorimer inthe Senate the only ones who wouldvote for.Lorimer'are his personal jobholders andjienchmen, and the tarifftrust barons who need him in their business. More than 99 per cent of thecountry's ninety-two millions wouldbe againstjiis retention.Yet the Senate reactionaries aredeaf to the protests against him ; blindto the proven shame of his election,and dumb when pressed to say theword that would send hmi back to theoblivion wherp he belongs.Pigeonholed.The standpat Senate, at this writing, has refused to Dass the tariff revision donward bills, or the incometax.bill UDon which action long agowas taken by the Democratic House.Opening of Blue Grass Park.Opening of Blue Grass Park Saturday, May 25, with the following attractions for the season :Grella's Band Concert Sunday afternoon ana nignt.Dancing every night excenfc Snnrlnvbreua's tuJl orchestra.Free moving pictures in the Air-dome every night.Scenic railway Carousal Boatingand twenty other amusement places.Splendid new restaurant wheremeals and refreshments cf all kindswill be served in the new Casinn hvcaiagia & Company.bnecial program is being arrangedfor Decoration Day at Blue GrassPark, which will consist of dav andnight fire works, Band concert, baseball, dancing ,etc.You are invited to spend the davthere. 1Now isthe time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY,Cumberland telephone and telegraph CompanyINCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, MiUersb-Jirg, NDrth Middletown, Littlef Rock anRuddles Mills."When you have Easfc Tennessee service you -HAVEtelephone service."CumberlandlTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedCorrected.Murphy "Nobody Loiked Casev. anyit the paper says a large crowd followed the hearse to his grave." Ma-Ioney "Tis a loi. They didn't followit; they chased it.Luck.Fortune unaided prevails over theplans of one hundred learned men.Plautus.Anyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and the work done are iufeatures.Give us ycurgetting one,orderf ;now so you will be sure ofYEBKES & PRICHARDBoth 'Phones 66J,Placing the Blame."'Only unmarried men wanted!'That's the third job Eliza's done meout of this morning!" London Opinion.Mammoth Cave.Bourbon county's triD to MamothCave will Jbe June 19th. The roundtrip railroad fare from all stations inthe county, S5 65. All exnenses atCave hotel, 6.50 for three days trip.This latter amount includes yourhoard at Cave hotel, and the spvprniroutes through the cave, makino- thpexpense for a grand three days outingto the great Subteranean wonder fnr$12.15. The. hotel has-been reserved fortnis date. - lickets on sale from? allstations. A specially conducted trinThrough coaches on regular morningSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,NEWBARBERSHOPModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.8bh Street,Call East Tenn.PARI, KY.Phone 374Jffnnk LanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.augl6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORD. Joe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWEY & TALBOTTIParis, KentuokvALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.HI lllllll milwill not be yours unless ycuhave ainMajestic RangeYour Kitchen!(1 Come in and see them. Theyifffc4rtrains.Write or "phone L.J&JN.ajnt.. . tdaretihe bestA-jx&i tfekTHE BOURBON NEWS, PAMS KENTUCKYMAC28iS12CHAUTAUQUALAKEis best reached by theErie R. R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJune 1 to Sept. 30.Slimmer Excursion Ticketson sale to New York Gty and all Eastern resorts.Stop-overat Chautauqua Lake and Niagara Fall 8 permitted on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or -writeJ. H. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., forfurther information.EXCURSIONPoor appetite is a surja sign of imparled digestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets will strengthen your digestion andimprove your appetiter Thousandshave been benefited by taking theseTablets. Sold by all dealers.Nation's Water PnuifIn the United States it is said that Ithere are water powers available representing 37,000,000 horsepower, ofwhich only one-sixth is developed.Lame back is usually caused byrheumatism of the muscles of the back,for which you will find nothing betterthean Chamberlain's Liniment. Forsale by all dealers. 'Plays Women Love.An expert on the drama says womenlove plays in which Mr. Man gets theworst of it, which surely opens up anamusing field for speculation.Paris, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, JUNE 2, 1912Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets' good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwteW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto High. Finder return to undersigned and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Now is the time to get rid of .vourrheumatism. You can do it by applying Chamberlain's Liniment andmassaging the parts freely at eachapplicatin. ' For sae by all dealers.Height of Folly.A woman is foolish to marry a manfor his money, but then the man istwice as foolish to let her. DetroitFree Press.Study Manure SpreadersBefore You Buy OneIt would surprise you to know of thegreat good that is being done byChamberlain's Tablets. Darius Downey, of Newberg Junction, N.- B..writes, "My wife has been usingChamberlain's Tablets and finds themvery effectual and doing her lots ofgcod." If you4 have any trouble withyour stomach or bowels give them atrial. For sale by all dealers.Like the Most of Us."Are you looking for work?" "No,sir; I'm looking for money, but I'mwilling to work because that's theonly way I can get it." Boston Transcript.There never was a time when peopleappreciated the real merits ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy morethan now. This is shown by the increase in sales and voluntary testimonials from persons who have beencured by it. If you or your childrenare troubled with a cough or cold give jit a trial and become acquainted with Iits cood qualities. JFor saje Dy all 1dealers. !For People WhoHave To EatIf you eat you need "Digestit." Itaids digestion, prevents distress saftereating, stops gas formation, relievesindigestion instanllv and cures dyspepsia. Brown's Digestit is a little tablet easy to swallow and absolutelyharmless. It has relieved thousands.Sold on postive guarntee.. Your moneyback if you want it 50c. Ask at G.S. Varden & Son's.Really a Good Sign.'Never let us be discouraged withourselves. It is not when we are conscious of our faults that we are mostwicked; on the contrary, we are lessso. We see by a brighter light, and letus. remember, for our consolation, thatwe never perceive our sins till webegin to cure them. Fenelon.Porto Rico's New Wonder.From far away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful discovery that isbelieved will vastly benefit the people.Raymon T. Marchan, of Barceloneta,writes "Dr. King's New Discovery isdoing splendid work here. It curedme about five times of terrible coughsand colds, also my brother of a severecold in his chest and more than 20others, who used it on my advice. Wehope this great medicine will yet besold in every drug store in PortoRico." For throat and lung troublesit has no equal. A trial will convinceyou of its merit. 50c and S1.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Ober-dorfer.Not the Original Liberty Bell.A correspondent of the Literary Digest avers that the famous crack inthe Liberty Bell is not a crack, butonly the fac-simile of a crack. His assertion is, that the original bell was indeed cracked, but that the present bellis a recast from a model of the oldone, with the crack filled up, thoughstill showing the lines of the defectDid Not Know. " " j"Did you hear the new opera In jNew York?" "Yes." "It was sung inEnglish, wasn't it?" "I was told so."Cleveland Plain Dealer.Only a FireTJierobut the crowd cheered, as, with burnedhands, he held up a; sraall round box."Fellows!" he shouted, "this Bucklin's Arnica Salve I hold, has everything beat for burns." Right! aslofor 'boils, ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, sprains, bruises. Surestpile cure. It subdues inflamation,kills pain. Only 25 cents at Ober-dorfer's.HORSE CIPPINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.Flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and saved itfrom a wreck, but T. H. Alston,Raleigh, N. C.once prevented a wreckwith Electric Bitters. "I was m aterrible ulight when I began to usethem," he writes, "my stomach, head,back and kidneyswere all badly affected and my liver was in bad condition;but four bottles of Electiic Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of (their matchless merit for any stomach, liver -orkindey trouble. Price 50c at Ober-dorfer's.iNow Is The Time To BuyYOUR SUMMER GOODS!While The Prices Are Very Low, And TheTime You-Need Them Most.Are You Going to Buy aRefrigerator This Spring?Primarily there .is only one thing for a Refrigeratorto do and that is to keep food at such a temperature that itwill not spoil in warm weather. The Refrigerator that willdo this with the least possible consumption of ice is thebest Refrigerator.A Refrigerator must havegood packing. It must be built on scientific principles or itwill not fill its mission. We carry a complete line of Refrigerators and Ice Chests from thecheapest that is good to the best the market affords. Don't fail to inspect our line beforebuying.Porcb Swings $3.40 to $?.50IOB BOXESThe most comple line of Ice Boxesto pick from, made of the bestpacking that can be had.$4 50 ci to $20THE proper place to studya manure -spreader is atthe local dealer's placeof business," where you can seethe machine, study it part bypart, see how each part is madeand how it does its work. Studyspreaders at first hand. Go tothe local dealer and have himshow you an -I H C Manure SpreaderKemp 20th CenturyCloverleaf orCorn KingLearn the advantages of anapron spreader. Learn whatconstitutes a steady, reliablefeed and the importance of it.' Learn the reasons why differentmaterials are used for differentparts, and why each part doesits work thoroughly. Learnthe value of the service thedealer can give you.When rou know manurespreaders we think ou will buyan I H C spreader from yourlocal dealer. He is the man tosee.International Harvester Company of America Dr. Wm. Kenney,(Incorporated) . . f 'Ciucago U a AIHC Service BureauOldtime Dinner Reproduced.A reproduction of a ninth-centurydinner has been served at a recentVienna cookery exhibition. The menuconsisted of pike cooked in oil andthen pressed into a paste; a pastemade of venison with millet; and aroast peacock containing a wholechicken, the chicken In turn stuffedwith, a pigeon, and the pigeon againstuffed with roasted eggs.Our stock of Floor Coverings is .now ready for yourinspection at low prices.Mattings, Rugs, Carpets and Linoleum.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.MAIN STREET, OPP. COURT HOUSE.How's This.We offer one hundred dollars rewardfor any case of Catarrh that cannot becured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheeney & Co., Toledo O.We tne undersigned, have known F.J. Cheeney for the last fifteen years,and believe him perfectly honorable inall business transactions, and financially'able to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.kWALBING, KINNAN & MARVIN,Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Price, 75c.ner bottle. Sold by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-nation.XEgyptian Baron 51111.Trial over 3-4 Track SscondsSlow 2 :09 1-4Sired by Oakland Baron 2 :09. winner ef the Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gair Hamilton 2:061. Rhythmic2 :06. Baron De Shay 2 :08i.1st dam Egyptienne, race rec)d,2-18, dam of Egyptian Baron or2:09J. Egyptienne by Mambrino K(tr1279, sire of Lady of the Manor 2:04inHeir-at-Law 2:05 3-4, Lord Derby2:05 3-4, grand sire of Minor Heir1 :58. ,2nd dam Bay Hambletonian (by Hambletonian 10, sire of George Wilkes(2:22.) Bav Hambletonian dam ofHenrietta 2:17. Egyptienne 2:18, DonFulano 2:221 (sire of Maude M.2:15 3-4. Best Chimes 2:'5;) Artie(dam of Artie King 2:191,Nora Chimes2:231. Tornado Chimes 2:24, LydiaVincent 2:281,) Lady Bug (dam ofJune Bug 2:291) Mink (dam of Comanche 2 :221)Third dam by Gold Dust 150KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughHigh SpeedService.Paris Lexington'll-Division.FrankfortMaster CommissionersSALE OFCity Property!Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p.fcm.."the last car going onlyas,far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,i Frankfort and Paris, every hour fromj 6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m., the last car going only as far asProfessional CardsT, J. WILLIAMS,J . ATTORNEY-AT-LAW .Room 1 Elks Building.PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.The purpose of this Bureau is to furnish,free of charge to all. the best informationobtainable on better farming. If you haveany worthy questions concernine sous. crops,land drainage, irrigation, fertilizers, etc..make your inquiries specific and send themto I H C Service Bureau. Harvester Building, Chicago. USAOffice Phones Home. , E. T. 334.Residence j Home 3?,4.IZrKIn Kentucky.Having learned the important datewhen the United States mint was established and the cotton gin invented,a grammar school pupil in Kentucky,answering the question, "What weretwo important institutions establishedin Washington's administration?"wrote: "Mint and gin!" NationalMonthly.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse , Versailles.15.2. A grand individual and one of Cars leave Versailles forthe best representatives of the great . and Paris every 15 minutesDeepest Mutual Sorrow.Man never knows what mutual sorrow really is until he reads an editor's regrets. Lippincott's Magazine-TR, A. H KELLER,I I Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g4 Paris, - Kentucky1Used in ever increasingquantities, because the roofsput on 26 years ago are asgood as new to-day, and havenever needed repairs.Don't put on that rooffor Sale by Miller Bst. Milersburg, Ky.,Nothing Good Ever in Vain.,Dreams pass; work remains. Theytell us that not a sound has everceased to vibrate through space; thatnot a ripple has ever been lost uponthe ocean. Much more is it true thatnot a true thought nor a pure resolvenor a loving act has ever gone forthin vain. F. W. Robertson.Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N train8:20 a.m. direct connection is madewith theJB. & O. S.-W. first train leaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noon, daily,arriving St. Louis at 8 o'clock sameevening. This train carries eleganthigh back seat coaches, Parlor ears.Electric lighted dining, car, and makesdirect connection in St. Louis UnionStation with all Western, Northwestern and Southwestern lines. OtherB. & O. S.-W. St. Louis first trainsleave Cincinnati, daily 2:15 a. m., 9:00a. m. and 9:15 p. m. Night trains haveelectric lighted sleeping cars withindividual birth lights. For information as to fares and other particulars consult your local ticket aeent, oraddress.S. T. SEELEY; .T. P. A., B. & O. SrW. R. R.513 Traction Bldg. Cincinnati,Ohio.May 7-14-21-28.?;;;--v - "Baron Wilkes, now known as theFuturity family. He is one of thefastest beBt headed horses in Kentucky, and has been a mile over mythree-quarter track, which is at leastthree seconds slower than Lexington,in 2:091, last half in 1:031, last quarter in :30i. Although he is a pacer,he was a natural and fast trotter andcould trot in 2:40 at two years old.Was raced a little for educatiaon. andnro'ved himself a game level headedrace horse, and if he stays right, wepredict a record of 2:05 or better thisyear. He has served a few mares, andhis colts are good individuals and fast.One, a yearling, out of a pacing mare.is one of the best trotters, tor hiswork, I ever had trotted a mile, withfew days work, last fall, in 2:58. lasthalf in 1 :26. last quarter in :42.Egyptian Baron will serve a few approved mares at$25 to Insure a Living Foal.Care taken, but no responsibilityassumed for accidents or escapes.Money due in all cases if mare changeshands or is narted withs- Mares kep;on grass at $1.00 ner week.DOUGLAS THOMAS, Pans Ky.For Rent.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT-j;Wm. Grannan. Committee of Phi3Deignan, Plaintiff.vs 'Phil Deignan. Etc., Defendants.Under and by a judgment of theBouibon Circuit Court- rendered in tbeabove styled action, tne undersignedMaster Commissioner will seil at Dublie auction to the highest and best bidder. on the premises, in the City oS?Paris, Ky., about the hour of 2 o'clockp. m . onWednesday, June 5, W125;the fol'owing described property :A certain house and lot situated inrParis, Ky.. and described and boundecias follows : Beginning at a point on therWinchestur pike corner to lot formerlyowned by J . M. Thomas, and runningrin a Southernly dircetionjwith said pike53 feet ; thence in an Easterly direction154 feel, mora or less, to the margirrLexington and Paris every thirty min- of Vine street ; thence with the marginutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m. 1 of said street, in a Northerly directionuntil 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . m.. the 92 feet, more orJess. to a stake in the;last car eoing only as far as Lexmg- line of said street ; thence Westerly 228ton.Lexingtonafter thehour f rom6 :15 a. m. until 8:15 r. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. ro. until 7:45 p. m., and. at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,IJ.CCL IU LUCAlso a certain house and lot situatecViu the City of Pans, Ky.. and described as follows: Becinning at a point irathe margin of the Winchester pike 53feet from the lot formerly owned by JM. Thomas and running with the reargin of the Winchester pike a distance;of 100 teet. more or less, to the inter-section of Vine street and Winche'stexI pike, and then with the margin ofI Vine street in a Northerly direction 20.GEORGETOWN- LEXIN.GTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville .every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05P'' , j- m -p- xi;t,ioo . feet, more or less ; thence Westerly 1E4-.liars leave likaiiiuluii iui hiuiuioo-ville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 anrt 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington everyofif teen minutesTaf ter the hourfrom 6:15 e.m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfFront'room'over gas office. Suitablefor office. For further particulars apply at News office.A Great Building Falls.when its foundation is undermined,and if the fourdation of health gooddigestion is attcaked, quick collapsefollows. On the first sign of indigeFtinn, Dr. Kings' New Life Pills shouldbe taken to tone the stomach and regulate liver,;kidneys and bowels. Eleatnt, easy, safe and, only 25 cents'" ktOberdorfer's. " ;" ,Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long, waits. You are next.feet, more or less, to the beginning.The undersigned Master Commissioner Will offer each of the above. described,tracts separate, iraid sale willbe made upon the credit of six antftwelvemonths for equal parts of therpurchase money, tte purchaser beingrequired to execute bond for eual partsof the purchase money with gocoVsurety, to be approved by said Master-Commissioner, payable to said MasterComnrssioiier, bearing interest at therate of six per cent, per annum fromdate of sale until paid. Having theforce and effect of a judgment and toremain a lien upon the property soldfruntil fully paid. The privilege isgiven the purchaser or purchasers to?pay the purchase price in cash without executing bond, or he or they maypay the purchase money at any time'before maturity and stop the inter!:thereon. xC. A McMILLA'N -MasterCommissioner Bourbon CifuuftCourt - ' "XWm.Granra-J,AttorTpy, . vM. F. ''Kenney, Auctiwwer :; ,14-21-28. . ,v . - 1ti$f"4-THE BOURBON NEWS, - PARIS; KENTUCKY, MAY 28, 1912t-KNIGHTSHONORPARIS(Continued frontpage One.)first year, and host on the occasion ofthe sixty-fifth annual conclave of theKnights" Templar of Kentucky, arose toan exalted position and at the Dresenttime occupies a place of prominenceamong the'Commanderies of the State.Notwithstanding the reverses withVhich thft organization has been confronted in the years cone by, and inthe face nf such adversity, jt erew under the most trying and difficult circumstances and enjoys a distinction-seldom, accorded a commandery from atown and community the size of this,and with the affairs of the organization in the hands of those of equalcapabilities, in vears to come the localcommandery will reach the acme ofillustrious achievement.On May 27-28. 1891,attbe forty-forthannual Conclave of the Grand Commandery of Kentucky, which was insession in the city of Frankfort, a dispensation was granted to seventeen SirKnights residing in and near Paris forthe formation of a Commandery ofKnignts Templar to be known as Coeurde Lion Commandery, under the disfCHRISTIAN CHURCHWhere Divine Services Will Be Heldtwenty-six. It was constituted June17, 1892 by the Right Eminent GrandCommandei Sir Knight Chas. H. Fisk.Of the present membership the following have served as Past EminentCommanders of Coeur de Lion Commandery Nn. 26:1894 Sir Knight Oscar R. Rankin.1897-98-Sir Knight Hugh Montgomery. 1901 Sir Knight Edwin K. Thomas.1902 Sir Knight Daniel W. Peed.1904- Sir Knight Frank L. Lapsley.1905 Sir Knight Alphonse Detwiler.1907 Sir Knight Claude M. Thomas.1908 Sir Knight Frank Fithian.1909 Sir Knight Emmett M. Dickson. :1910 Sir Knight Marion. H. Dailey.:BOURBON COUNTY COURT HOUSEWhere the Business Sessions of the Grand Commandery WillBe Held and Dinner ServedThe places of those who have rev sponded to the final summons, have,however, "been filled and a number ofthe best citizens of Paris and Bourboncounty have been added to the membershiD, making Coeur de Lien Com,mandery No. 26. rank among thestrongest and most influential in thissection of Kentucky.It is with no small degree of pridethat particular reference is made toone.member of the organization, who,at its institution was elected to fill anoffice and in that capacity he is rowserving. When the comma' cerv wasinstituted on June 27. 1891, Mr. Chas.Stephens, one of the chaiter me.-iihersThe Bicycle Store.. "Visit our second floor and see Dh'ecjomplete line of bicycles we haye iu.stock. All sizes and prices. Full. 'line of all kinds of supplies.- 21-4 1 . LAVIN & CONNELL.'Notice."The extreme high prices of meatcompels us to raise the price on allmeat sandwiches to ten cents or twofor fifteen cents.J3ot beef or pork lunches fiftsen. cents. Regular meals thirty-fivecents.T24-2t GEO. RASSENFOSS.All Grades. 'How about a nice Watchfor that boy or girl. Wecarry them in all grades andsizes.Shire & Fith&n.pensation, and' one month later on June27, 1891, the commandery was instituted by the Grand Commandery who installed the following Sir Knights asofficers :Eminent Commander G. W. A:?air.Generalissimo T. A. Roby.Captain General 0. H. Buck.Senior Warden W. M. Miller.Junior Warden G. W. Bryan.Prelate -0. H, Rankin.Treasurer Chas. Stephens.Recordrrj-W, 0. Sauncfera."Stanaard Bearer J. B. Cray.Sword Bearer A. C. Ball.. Warder J, M. Hutsell.Sentinel J. M. Taylor.The first work of the local commandrey was done on August 18, 1811, whenat a called conclave the Illustrious Order of, the Red Cross was conferredUDon J. Ed. Kay, A. P. Lary, John M.Bedford. S. Carrington, Julian G.Allen. Hanson Peterson, Russell Mannand Thomas Ellington.The commandery was assisted in thiswork by Sir Knight Chas. H. Fisk,Deputy Grand Commander: Sir KniehtGeorge A. Lewis.now Past Gran-J Commander. Sir Knight Clarence. L. Martin, of Louisville Commandery No. 1.At the annual conclave held in Covintgon on May 4 and 5, 1892. a charterwas granted retaining the name andgiven the commandery the number of1911- Sir Knight Miles H. H. Davis.1912 Sir Knight Charles A. McMillan. From the very first Coeur de LionCommandery has been foremost amongthe Commanderies ol the State inmembership and today there is a totalof ninetv-five Knights enrolled on theroster of the organization.In reviewing the history of the localcommandery and glancing over theroster, a feeling of sadness is experienced when it is noted that many ofthose who enlisted so gallantly underthe banner of Knighthood, have answered the call of the Grand Captainand have joined the ranks of the innumerable hosts gone before.was elected as Treasurer and duringthe long years to the present day hehas served annually in that capacity, aperiod of -twenty-one years. At eachelection he is chosen to succeed himself, so faithfully has he served theorder.In May 1906 Coeur de Lion Commandery was host to the Grand Commandery of Kentucky and it is a pleasure to Icok over the annual gatheringsthat have followed and revert to thelast Grand Conclave held here, remembering it as the most auspacious assemblage held before or since and winning a most enviable position for hospitality and good fellowship.iFor The Conclave.We will have everything the housekeeper needs for the Conclave.Fruits, berries, all kinds of cheese,pickles, meats, fowls, and in fact,everything the market affordfe.21-30 T. LENIHAN.Have it Put Aside.Select your wall paper at J. T. Hinton's now and have it put aside.Remember.We are prepared to furnish you withthe best of fresh vegetables, fruitsand fresh meats.21-3t. BRAMLETT & TAJtR.For Home Use. .Order ycur wet goods, such asbeers, hne wines, old liquors, etc..from us and it will have prompt at-Leu Lion, rauuiy urauo souciceu. Uallover either 'phone. vLet us stock.your cellerette for the Conclave.,21-3t ' .B.VWEISSBERG.Clirk Carries Kenrupky. jThe "favorite son" idea, dominatedthe Democratic county and precinctrmass conventions held throughoutKentucky Saturday, for th purpo&eof selecting delegates to the Stateconvention m Louisville onMay 29 toinstruct delegates for Presidentialcandidates at the Baltimore convention, and on the face of the r,e-.turns received from practically !every county in the btate, bpeakerChamp Clark is the choice of Kentucky Democrats for the Presidentialnomination, winning a sweeping victory over the entire field of opposingcandidates, insuring him the 26 votesof Kentucky in the Baltimore convention. The administration forces have wonaa sweeping a victory as SpeakerClark and have elected their candidateRuf"s H. Vansant, of Ashland, to bechairman of the State Central andExecutive Committees, over JohnM. Stevenson, of Winches er, thecandidate of the anti-administrationfaction.The same' overwhelming sentimentwhich indorsed the administrationand which will place Mr. Vansant atthe head of the party organization inthe State, appears also to favor Governor McCreary over United StatesSenator Ollie James for temporarychairman of the State convention.BOURBON CONVENTION.The Democrats of Bourbon county inconvention Saturday afternoon instructed a delegation to the Louisvilleconvention for Champ Clark for President, endorsed the administration ofGovernor.. James B. McCreary, and accorded its supportlto Rufus J. Vansant,of Boyle county, for Chairman of thetive Committee. The convention alsoendorse! Governor McCreary fasdelegatetothe Baltimore convention andselected Mayor J. T. Hinton as the convention's nominee for delegate fromthe Seventh district to the NationalConvention. The Clark and Vansantforces were overwhelminglyin the majority due tothe efforts of Mr. JamesH. Thompson, who managed the campaign of the administration in Bourbon.In'the absence of Chairman C. C.Clark from the city the convention wascalled .to.order by Secretary Frark P.Kiser, of the Bourbon county Democratic committee anil by a unanimousvote Hon. J. T. Hinton was selectedas chairman to preside ever the meeting Swift Champ, editor ci" the Hourbon News, and Bruce Miller, of theKentuckian-Citizer, were chosen asthe sscretaries of trie convention.A resolution was introduced bx Hon.Claude M. Thomas endorsinir the administration of Governor McCreary,favoring (he candidacy of ChampClark and providing for the instruction of Bourbonldelegates in favor ofRufus Vansant. The resolution alsoprovided that the Bourbon delegationvote as a unit on all questions comingbefore the Louisville convention. Tothis Judge Denis Dundon offered anamendment asking for a division of thevote of Bourbon county, one-half forOscar W. Underwood and one-half forChamp Clark for the Presidential nomination. Hon. C. M. Clay followedthiswith a speech urging a divisionof.the vote in recognition of the twomen of Kentucky birth aspirants forPresidential honors.Mr. John. J. Williams also offered asubstitute to the original resolutionurging: the instruction of theBpurbon.delegationlin favor of John M: 'Steven-1son, of .Clark county, for Chairman ofthe State Central Committee and whileendorsing Champ Clark for President,urged the Convention to instruct theBourbon delegation to vote for Underwood as a second choice. To this theresolution of Judge Dundon's w?:s alsooffered as a substitute.B.v a vote of about five to one all ofthe substitutes to the resolution weredefeated, and that offered by formerSenator Tnomas nassed unanimously,after it became apparent that the opposing faction was outnumbered. Thefollowing delegates were, named in the.resolution :L. J. Fretwell, C. M. Thomas, Houston Crouch, J. T. Hinton, J. H. Thompson, Bruce Miller, Reuben Hutchcraft,Wm." Lynch, Wm. Judy, James Fisher.E. M. Dickson. C. M. Clay, J. H.Holt, E. M. Costeilo, A. S. Thompson,V. W.kFerguson, Denis Dundon, LeeT. Beall. Al. Roberts, Peale Collier,Swift Champ, R. S. Darnaby. RogerBurris, Robert Gilkey, Buckner Woodford, Chas E. Butler, John T. Collinsand George Morrow.The convention selected Mayor J. T.Hinton as the candidate from Bourbonfor delegate from the Seventh Districtto the Baltimore convention , over R.K. McCarney. After the conventionadjourned the delegates which hadbeen selectedmetin the county courtroom where they organized by theselection of Jas. H. Thompson aschairman of the delegation.Notice.JYlsin street, from'Tenth to'the courthouse, must be cleared of all vehiclesand traffic between the hours of 10 and11 o'clock, a.m.,J:Wednesday. May 29.J. C. ELGIN, Chief of Police.Novelties.Novelties in silver for boysand girls Just the trick forgraduate gift.Shire & Fithian.Richard Hawes Chapter Meats.Richard Hawes Chanter, U. 1). C.,met Friday afternoon in their roomsin the court house. After the businesssession" Miss -Kate Edgar and Mrs. C.01 Leer contributed reminiscences ofthe -var, and little Josephine Ewaltgave a recitation.The condition of the Richard Haweslot in the Paris cemetery was discussed, and there being no descendantsof that family now- living in thecounty, the Chapter will have it k?Dtin better condition. Arrangementswere made for the observance of Memorial Day, June 3. the bnthday ofJefferson Davi3.'The graves of the Confederate deadwill be decorated on the morning ofthat day and exercisesjheld in the courthouse in the afternoon by the HamiltonGuards, and an address by Mr. JBurns.Refreshments of ice cream, stfaftv' berrips nnd cake' were served by M'f.Joseph Ewalt and Miss Letitia Hedges:' Drowned In Houston Creek., - 'George Tiffy, colored, waH drownedin Houston creek at a late hour Saturuav f Uht. and hi' odj, with head andBnoulders parti si.o...rged in abouttwelve incne3, of water, was fcund early Sunday morning. It is supposedthat Tirfy was intoxicated, as a bottlehalf filled with, whisky, was found inhis pocket, and in going to, his home inRuckerville,. Saturday nieht, fell downthe embankment at the foot of Lillestonavenue into the creek, striking headfirst in the water, and was u .aole toremove himself. The bocy wa foundSunday by Dora Scott, and removed to.the dtad man's home in Ruckerville,Homemade Sorghum.Ancthfr barrel of pure home madesorghum just opened.SAUER, Both Phones.24-2t Opp. Court House.Honor Pupils.The pupils of Miss Bessie Talbott'sschool who deserve honorable mentionare as tollow.3 :Jennings Taylor 98, Mabel Galloway96, Louise Wilcox 94, Lucille Wilcox98$, Annette Dudley 93J, Jessie Galloway 93, Rosa Medley 91 1-3, RobertHendricks 91, Jim Webb 91, EverettGalloway 90 2-7, Elizabeth Mastin 90,Earl Mastin 90, Annie Webb 93, MartinGalloway 92.The Quality House."The House of Quality"for Jewelry.Shire & Fithian.Slow Orders Prevent SeriousWreck. xSlow orders over the railroad bridpfispanning Houston creek, in this City,probably prevented a serious wreckand the loss of a hcore of lives Saturday night. The pony truck on theengine of passenger.trawNo. 39, southbound, struck an obstruction at thesouthend of the bridge, and had itbeen running at the usual rate ofspeed, it would" have plunged over theforty foot wall into Stoner creek.The train was running under four mileorders when the front truck of theengine left the track and was broughtto a stop about one hundred feet fromthe bridge. An investigation revealedth- fact that a railroad spike had beendriven between the guard rails at thesoulh end of the bridge, which causedthe accident, that, under other conditio s, would have had a seriousresult.Graduating Presents.For Graduation Presents,seeShire & Fithian. They havea beautiful line of Goods. -Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. Also altHkinds of turniture for the lawn, porchshades in all colors and sizes.J. T. HINTON.Bourbon Warehouse Incorporated.The organization of the BourbonTobacco Warehouse Co., for the saleof loose leaf tobacco' was dompletedSaturday when a meeting of thecommittee appointed to draft incorporating papers met in tha court houseand their work was approved by theincorporators and stockholders. Thecapital stock of the concern is fixedat $35,000 and the amount of indebtedness for whidi it may become liableat any time shall not exceed 20,000.The folio vving board of directors wereappointed: C. M. Clay, John T. Collins, S. K, Nichols, John LaRue, H. S.Caywood, Ed. Burke, A L. Stephenson, Warren Rodgers, and M. R.Jacoby. The directors elected thefollowing officers to serve during theensuing year: President, C. M. Clay,Vice President, John LaRue, Secretary and Treasurer, John T. Collins.The incorporators of the concern areJohn T. Collins, North Middleton, 5shares; A. P. Adair, Paris, 2 shares;C. M. Clay, Paris, 20 shares; HenryS. Caywood, North Middlftown, 5snares; Geo. W. Clay, Paris, 5 shares;D. M. Hurst, Paris, 3 shares: H. M.Rodgers, Paris, 3 shares; S. K. Nichols, Paris, 5 shares; Ed. Burke, Paris,5 shares.Order Early. .We have the yoods.C. P. COOK & CO.Tobacco Plants for Sale;Large, healthy tobacco plants readyto set. Grown from Dr. Hally seed.J. W. THOMAS,28-3t E. T. Phone 47.Literary Club Programs Issued.Programs for the work of the ParisLiterary Club for 1912-13 have ,justbeen issued. The subjects for" studyare: "A Few English Speaking andOriental Cities" and "CurrentEvents." This cluM was organized in1891, and federated in 1894, and hasdone much active and progressivework along practical as well as librarylines, and tne program for next yearpromises to be of unusual inerest andDroht. The officers are :Mrs. J. T. Vnasant, presidsnt;. Mrs.Jas. Mc.CIure, first vice-presidentMrs. Walter Payne, second vice-president;Mi?s Marv Woodford, secretary:Mrs. William G. McClintock, treasurer; Mrs. Catesby Woodford auditor.The following committees are naniten : v Program Miss Nellie Buckner,Mrs. W. 0. Hinton, Mrs. John Davis:Civic Miss Lucy Blythe Simms, Mrs.'W. G McClintock, Miss Nancy Griffith ;Education Mrs. R. B. Hutshcraft,Mr. F. P. Lowry ; Press Mis3 Marybithian Hutchcia'ft, Mrs. CharltonAlexander, Mrs. Amos Turne.v, Jr;Lecture Mrs. W. G. Griffith, Mrs .R.C. Talbott; Civil Service ReformI Mrs. Wm. Myall; Food Sanitation-Miss Mary Fitnian Hutchcraft; Industrial and Child Labor Mrs. Jas.McClure; Art Mrs. F. P. Lowry.Legislation Mrs. E. F. Clay, MissAnnie May, Mrs. Wm. B. Ardery,Waterways Mrs. J. Wr Payne, Mrs.Simms Wilson, Mrs. Catesby Woodford,Jr.. Reception Miss Lou K. WilliamF,Mrs. Wither Davi?, Mrs. W. 0. vHmtonMrs. Harry B.- Clay. ;STheSimon.' - ' M$10.00 Panama HatsPor$4.9S$T.50 and $8.00 SkirtsFor $4.98$ 1 3.50 Whipcord SkirtsFor $8.50S25.00 Suits. For $15.00Our Entire Line of MiMineryAt Half-PriceThe Simon Department Store,LParis, KentuckyS1.00U flgriculwrlCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00fr Just a Few of Our Specials For theCONCLAVEimin16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00Hunt's Supreme Quality Peaches, per can..30cHunt's Superior Quality Pecahes, per can.. 35cHunt's Superior Quality Apricots, per can.. 35 cGolden State ( Peaches, per can 35cGood Table Peaches, per can 1 5 cHunt's Staple Qualitp Corn, per ban . , . ... ..25cHunt's Sliced Pineapple, per can 35cHunt's Red Cherries, per can .' 30cHunt's White Cherries, per can . . .'25cSilver Seal Steel Cut Coffee, per lb 30cOld Re'iable Coffee, per lb ..30cBourbon Santos, in.rBull&I 25c' f - -Fresh Salmon All Week.ft4ft;5W.BLUE RIBBON FLOUR35-lh Sack . 80c50-lb Sack $1 .601 OO-lb Sack $3.20T.CCash Grocery.Bottf Phones .234 "IDep't Store.Will start a Eank Account here andstart ycu on the road to Success,xBanK of ParisProtection$267,500.00IasifVIsiilNIHAN,THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY v MAYv 28 1912.wlift BOURBON NEWS:7ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNOTICE!City Licenses Are Now Past Due.All oersons whose city licenses arepast due will take notice that underthe law it is a penalty for each daythey may so operate. The City Collector has been notified to furnish a listof all deliquents by June L 1912, andat that time warrants will be issuedfor ail offenders.c. a. McMillan.-4 2t City AttorneyFor the Conclave.Give us your order fresh cleangoods kept in doors.2J-3C. BRAMBLETT & TARR.Memorial Day.Rathbone Lodge No. 12, of this city,has designated Sunday, June 9, as aday of memorial and decoration of thegraves of the deceased members ofthe order. An excellent program including appropriate music and addresses will be arranged.Notice.Main street, from Tenth to ih courthouse, must be cleared :if vehicles'anditraffic between the hours of 10 and 11o'clock a. m. .Wednesday. May 29.J. C. ELGIN, Chief of Police.County Board to Meet.The County Board of Education willmeet Monday, June 3. in the office ofthe Cjunty Superintendent, Mi-:s MabelKobbins, in the court house. A fullattendance of the board is requester,as matters of importance will come upbefore the meeting.Order In Time.Will get the goods to you.C. P. COOK & CO.PERSONAL MENTION.Last Day for Filing Suits.Friday will be the last day for filirgsuits for the June term of the Bourbon.Circuit Court which will convene inthis city on June 10. To the Dresenttime there have been but twenty-sevenappearance suits filed and an unusuallylight docket is expected at the comingterm.Suggestions.La Valliers, Bar Pins, Vanitees, Colognes, Jewel Cases. Suggestion to give a fairgraduate. Shire & Fithian.Returns from Oklahoma.Mr. J. Simms Wilson has returnedto this city for a short stay fromOklahoma, where he has extensiveagricultural interests, and reports theprosppcts for the new town of Pensacoia, which will be located on his.ranch, as very promising. Mr. Wilsonsays that crops of all kinds are late inthe West, as well as in this section.We Have It.Order early and we will get it to youC. P. COOK & CO.Enter Motorcycle Races.There are many entries to the motorcycle racing whicn will be held duringthe aviation meet in Lexington onJune 3, and handsome prizes will beoffered. A number of motorcyclists inthis city have entered in the races,among them being the following :Owen Gibson, Douglas Thomas, Mitchell Jackson, A. F. Frendberg, ClydeCalvert and Ernest Martin.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Felis' Shoe Store. tfAnnual Reception ToDay.Tuesday, June 4, will be receptionday at the Paris City School, beginmg at 2 o'clock p. m. Let all thepatrons and friends of public education attend. The children as well asthe teachers expect you. They havebeen preparing all the year to extendyou a cordial and proper reception.They will show as efficient work aspupils of their respective ages everdid. This is the first year with Rafiaand Reed thejr have some interestingthings along this line to exhibit". Donot disappoint the children by failingto attend and see what they haveprepared for you. The teachers willmeet everyone with a hearty welcome and extend every courtesy.Give Us Your Order.We have the goods. Give us yourorder early.C. P. COQK & CO.Celebrated Mattress.The celebrated Reversible FeatherMattress is the best on the market andis manufactured only by the SanitaryBedding.Co" This mattresses the mostsanitary of any on the market andshould command a prominent place inevery household The mat'res's is soldonly by the.Sar.itary Beddi .g Co- ofthis city.A. T. LUCA Manager.Ladies Day at White Park.Today will be ladies day at WhitPark.and p i t is casion all the luriieswill oe admitted fre. The Bourbonites will meet the Lawrrakers in thecontpst scheduled for HAa afternoon,and th1 garre will he called at 3:15.The Fiankfort team will be the attraction ataft. rnoon, atnlitv of a strp' g hered aggregation,the locals shot Id fce able to irive theMrr W.W. Judy has returned froma trip to .Florida.Mr. und Mrs. Earl Dickerson areill with the mumps.Mrs. John Yerkes is seriously ill ather home in this city.-Mr. J. A. E wait is quite ill at hishome on Ingels avenue.Mr. Robert Langston is quite illat his home on Vine street.Mr. Robin Horton will leave Saturday for Louisville for a visit.Miss Florence Noe, of Burgin, isthe guest of Miss Anna Eads Peed.Miss Lizzie Grimes entertained thebewing Club, near Austerlitz, Saturday. Mrs. Sallie Adams, of Lexington, isth.3 guest of Mrs. Frank M. Clay inEast Paris.Mr. and Mrs.'Ed. Nipperfc, of Newport, are visitiDg Dr. and Mrs. William Kenney.Mrs. Clarence Kenney is at theGood Samaritan hospital, Lexington,for an operation.Mr. Earl Ross, of Covington, washe guest Sunday of his sister, Mrs.P. A. Thompson.Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Board leave todiy for Lagrange, to visit their son,Mr. .Lyons Board.Miss Julia Clark has returnedfrom Hodgensville where. she has beenteaching school. 'Mr. Richard Clark, of Cincinnati,is at home, the guest of his mother,Mrs. Kate Clark.Mr. and Ms. J. R. Thompson, ofCovington, will arrive today to visitMr. and Mrs. P. A. Thompson.Mr. and Mrs. Harry Saloshin returned Friday night after a visit tor datives in Cincinnati and St: Louis.Mrs. W. A. Johnson returned lastweek from New York, where she hasbeen engaged in teaching a cookingclass,Mrs. A. W. Cottingham and Mrs.Kittie Owens Spent Saturday and Sunday with Mrs. Jos. Houston in thecounty.Mr. and Mrs. George Greggs. ofMt.S terling, will b?. the guests Wednesday of Mr. and Mr?. Mrs. G. C.Thorrpdon.Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Broomhall andsons have returned from Hot Springs.Ark., where they have been for thebenefit of the former's health.or. ana Mrs. m. j. uanev are inLouisville where the former is attending the meeting of the State DentalAssociation. Dr. Dailey is Presidentof the Association. They will returnThursday. -Mrs. Sidney G. Clay entertainedinformally Friday afternoon at herhome on the MilleVshurg pike. Theevent was one of the most delightfulof the season. Delicoius frappe wasserved in the grape arbor, and Russiantea, sandwiches and tea cakes weredispensed from a beautifully aDpointed table in the garden. Mrs. WarrenBacon presided at the tea table. MrsClay was assisted in entertaining byMrs. F. P. Clay, Jr., and Mrs. Frederick Wallis.Mrs. J. Walter Payne entertainedFriday with a morning - card party atner nome on Pleasant street, in compliment to her charming guest, MissMargaret Landrum, of Warsaw. Afterthe fcames, ices, cakes and candieswere served. The following youngladies enjoyed the delightful party:Miss Landrum, Misses Nannie Brentand Clara Bell O'Neal, Corinne Collins, Helen and Anna Daugherty,Elizabeth Jasper, Katherine Marsh,Anna Wilson, Elizabeth Hinton, Jessica Litsey and Mary Mitchell Clay.Those from this city who left yesterday morning to attend the StateFederation of Women's Clubs, whichwill be held at Mammoth Cave thisweek, were : Mrs. R. B. Hutchcraf t.State Treasurer ; Mrs. James McClure,Mrs. Thos. Henry Clay Jr., Mrs. JohnF. Davis, Mrs. Catesby Woodlord, Jr.,Mrs. Louis Rogers and Miss MaryFithian Hutchcraft, chairn:anJof1!theState Committee on Food Sanitation.These ladies are all members of theParis Literary Club, and Miss Mabel"Robbins will go as a delegate from theBourbon County School ImprovementLeague.Clay Wins "Challenge Cup.Mr. Thomas H. Clay Jr., ot this city,won the S400 Challenge Cup at thetournament of Kentucky Trap Shootera' League Frlday afternoon at Lexington, 'defeating twenty-eight competitors and making a score of 95, whichwas considered excellent, consideringthe wind which was blowing at thetime of the race, Mr. Clay was hardpressed by Mr. J. D. Gay. the crackshot of Pine Grove, who tied him inthe first round, but was defeated inthe shoot-off by the score of 24 to 22out of 25 birds.The Kentucky State ChampionshipCup. valued at S75, and which" carrieswith it the State Championship title,was won by W. G. Green, of Maysville,who splintered 95 targets out of a possible 100. making the same score thatMr. Claj did in winning the Challenge Cud. Mr. Green s closest competitors were Messrs. Clay and W. 0.Stephens, both of whom made thescore of 93 in this race.Use Chinamel. 1Nothing improves the home at solittle cost as Chinamel. Make thefloors look new. We sell it.21-2t VARDEN & SON."Roxie" Davis !Che insurance ttmntUse Chinamel.Nothing improves the home at solittle cost, as Chinamel. Make thebid floors look new. We sell it.21-2t VARDEN & SON.Notice.Main street, from Tenth to tha courthouse, must be cleared of all vehiclesand trafficjjetween the hours of f10 and11 o'cloSkfa. m., Wednesday. May 29.J. C. ELGIN, Chief of Police.;. Strawberries Every Day.Strawberries received fresh everydav. Fine stock. Let us have yourorder.21-3t T. LENIHAN.Notice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURTSam'l Booth Plaintiff.sfli NoticeLil i Taublee, Etc - r Defendants.All persons having claims againstThe Little Rock Cannine Factory arehereby notified to present the same,proven as required by law, to theundersigned Master Commissionernot later than June 15th, 1912, saidwill be barred by order ofclaimscourt.28-3tC. A. MCMILLAN,Master Commissioner.Lost!On Main street, in Millersburg,rbetween Miller's hardware store and JueMack's store, a gold triangle, with"B. C." on face, and "N. B. M." onback. Suitable reward if returned toMr. Oscar Miller or this office. 18-3t7 Life, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137IIfoDAK"If it Isn't an EastmanIt Isn't a Kodak."KODAKS, $5 to $20BROWNIE CAMERAS,$1 to $12For Sale.Work Horse.C. W. MILLER,Home Phone 232.Notice.The extreme high prices of meatcompels us to raise the prices of allmeat sandwiches to ten cents or two.for fifteen cents.Hot beef or pork lunches fifteencents. Regular meals thirty-fivecent?.24-2t GEO. RASSENFOSS.THE FAIR!SPECIAL VALUESFor Friday OnlyGood heavy Brooms, only 19c.Smoothing Irons, 20c, 25c and30 each.Ink Writing Tablets, regular5c quality, special 2 for 5c.Table Oil Cloth, very bestquality, the regular 25c grade,18 3-4c per yard.12-quart Agate Iron Gray Preserving Kettles, regular price59c, at each 39c.Toilet Paper, 10 rolls for 25c.Extra large size Gray AgateIron Wash Basins, worth 25c,very special 10c.Colonial Ice Tea Glasses, firepolished glass, good values at60c a S3t, only 39c a set.Hammer. Handles, HatchetHandles, 2 for 5c.THE FAIR...A Full Line of Supplies.DAUGHERTYBISSpecial Showing ofLace Curtains and Draperies ANow is the Time to Make Your SelectionsBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone ....I am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock in this part of the State. I make a specialityof thisdepartment and can save you money. Allofor.r ! curtainsare bought-direct from the manufacturers, therefore ' cutting out the middle-man profit. Many numbers I buy inlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs of a singlerice and give you the benefit of the saving; Curcainsold heretofore at2.00 now$1.502.50 now 1 .753.50 now 2.505.00 now 4.00We have in stock any kind, any price andus theopportunity will please you.$ 6.50 now$57.50 now1 O.OO now12.50 nowifOO6.507.5010.00you giveW.iEd Tucker lAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.risFee'sConclave SpecialsFor Friday & SaturdaySugar Cured Hams, per lb 171-2cS. C. 'Ideal" Bacon, per lb 151-2c. Chase & Sanborn's Coffee, per lb 30c3 cans ElephanF Corn for 25c3 cans Golden State Peaches for 45c3 cans Golden State Apricots for 45cSTONE'S ASSORTED CAKESMephisto, Eaisin, Silver-Slice and Spanish.COUNTRY CLUBRibbon, Chocolate, Caramel and White Layer Cakes.Place orders a day ahead for Cake Specialties.Fee's Grocery Co.JJ. THINTONVRan Into Automobile.While riding a bicycle on Mainstreet yesterday afternoon about 5:30o'clock, Ansel Maddox, an electrician,collided with the automobile of Geo.W. Clay at the corner of Fourth andMain streets and was painfully injured. Mr. Maddox was riding north onMain while Mr. Clay was crossingWest Fourth when the accident occured. He was thrown against themachine and badly bruised about thehead and face, tbo not seriously injured. His injuries were attended byDr. William Kenney.Actress Is Hurt.ManyYearsExperienceMiss Ethel West, of the team ofRodgers & West, which made such adecided hit at the Paris Grand lastweek, while practicing a new danceon the stage of the Grand yesterdayafternf on with her husl and. accident-White Park Wednesday ally" fell, striking on th. bae'e of hero, ana with die poss J- head, which rerdeied her unconsciousfor an hour. Manager Porter hastilvcalled in Dr. Kenney. who ha'l her iIWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has am ended its charter so 'as to .be able to act as Executor or Administrator of Estates as Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service. .Porch Swingsand upWith Chains and Hangers. rVYard Swingsleague leaders tns came ot thur lives, j removed to her boarding house andThe Frat.kfort team has been puttinir pre eribpd absoluce quiet for severalui) an excellent article of ball, and as days. Dr. Kenney does hot thinka result of their efforts are on the top ' t mt her injuries are serious. Mr,run'. The Colts will meet the Bour- j Kogers was compelled to car eel thetonitesin two games Thursday, the 1 engagement cf himself and his wifehrnUin the morning at -10.30 o'clock . J for this week, and as soon as she isp-d the sfecond in the aittrnoun at 3 :15 able to Xrayel they will' go to theiro c'ock. ; home in Alabama.BourbonBank Trust Co.,Paris,-Ey.Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cemVpaid on Time,Deposits$400upX"X. -s" H'TJT. 2 Hintonrh7i1THE BOURBON-NEWS,' PAWS, KENTUCKY, JWAY 28, 1912riiT6iiilinr-5Window ShadesLook mucA better last longer!Brenlin shades are the cheapest you can buy. True, they costa trifle more than ordinary shades at first, but they last severaltimes longer. For Brenlin is made of closely woven cloth without the ' filling" that makes other shades crack, wrinkle, fade andehow unsightly "pin holes." Brenlin Shades always hang straightand smooth, and rcallyskode. It is false economy not to have them.BRENLIN is made in many artistic tones and in BrenlinDuplex colored one side, white the other. Come in and let uaehow you samples and quote prices.For Sale by J. T. HintonBeamTWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inSPRING CLOTHNow On DisplaymLWOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.MTCHELINQuick DetachableClincherEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools Required; IN STOCK BYYERRES & PRICHARDCorner FoiKtn and PleastantIENotice! Poultry Raisers11-44CURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker,,Diarrhoea and all Diseases or PoultryiJOKE JLS GOODXO CUXE. SO PJLThUm Katie Brywrt, BarddowH. Kr. MTK "I havs tttei Redge 4-11-44 for yeM d think it the bcrtpwdtey rwnedyafcde. It curetstpesaBd limberneck without fail.W8 Coomtm, Btrdttowa. Ky.. car: "One drop of Redpe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a gapiagckkkea lcSU ike wera &ad reterei the dick t wUBtJy. hi t the best preventive i have ever wed."Nig. MJHtaruteet ly J. Itfct. Crate, Iiiisttwi, Ky. Price 59c at all Insists.OLO BYTOUCHED THEIR SOFT HEARTInthe Circumstances, Expressed Hopeof Irish Youths Seemed Somewhat Humorous.Supreme Court Justice Cohalan ofNew York, who is proud of his Irishblood, also believes that for keen witand humor no race in the world equalsthe Irish. The justice spent thegreater part of last summer on the"ould sod" and when he came homehe had acquired a great fund of funnyanecdotes illustrative of the often unconscious humor of the natives hemet.He tells a story of two husky ladswho were tenants of the same landowner and who were constantly embroiled either with the man himself orone of his agents. At last things cameto such a pass that the two decidedto waylay their landlord. They chosea favorable spot along the road overwhich they knew the landlord musttravel that afternoon and crouched inthe ditch waiting. To beguile thetime each told the other a part of thepunishment he had devised for thelandlord.Said one, "Oi'll tap him on the headwid me blackthorn and whin he fallsOi'll step on his face an "The other interrupted: 'Oi mane tocut off his ears, split his nose an' ifhe makes a fuss Oi'll slit his weazand." They kept up the bloodthirsty conversation for some time and at lastone noticed the day was almost doneand that it was far past the time whenthe landlord might have been expected to pass. He interrupted his sanguinary threats to call the attentionof his companion to the flight of timeand the nonappearance of the manthey expected, exclaiming:"Och, the poor felley, Oi hope ne.thin's happened him!"SET THE PACE IN RECEPTIONSSplendid "Affair Given by United StatesAmbassador Guild Dazzled St.Petersburg Society.The German and Russian newspapers bristle with reports concerningan official 'reception by the American,ambassador at St. Petersburg, CurtisGuild, in the splendid palace he occupies, which was formerly the residence of Count Orloff Denison. Noteven Ambassador Leishman, glittering at the kaiser's court,could havebeen more imposing. The ambassador had at his side a functionaryfrom the imperial court, who presented the guests. The ambassador's wifewas beautifully gowned.The guests were announced by aservant from the imperial ministry,who wore a black suit of eighteenthcentury style, with a lace jabot.Mrs. Guild was greatly fatigued, forshe had to stand three hours with outstretched hand in order that it mightbe kissed by all the men, accordingto the Russian fashion.In the great dining hall on the floorabove, hung with pictures of the Or-,loffs of the last three centuries, wasa surprise for the guests. Instead ofthe usual tables with servants serving champagne, there were models inice of a Russian farm house and anAmerican cottage, lit with incandescent lights, from which flowed fountains of champagne. The Americancottage fountain bubbled with drywine, while the Russian emitted afruity variety.S Jaynesville and New WayCQRfl PLANTERSGet results, arc not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.Real Eugene Aram.A sale of relics of Eugene Aram reminds us that Lord Lytton's Aramwas a very different personage fromhim who was hanged at York, who,judging from the published account ofthe trial, was merely a felon of thebaser sort. He associated with lowcompanions, married a low wife andpracticed swindling with a miserablecreature whom in his younger days hewas associated with in stealing flowerroots for they were both gardenersand finally murdered him to secure afew pounds, the proceeds of a swindle.Aram possessed a vigorous intellect,had mastered the learned languages,had read every classic that came inhis way, and, says a distinguishedwriter, when the learned felon cameto make his defense all Britain wasastonished by a piece of pleadingwhich, if given to the public amongthe defenses and under the name ofThomas Lord Erskine, so celebratedfor this species of composition, wouldcertainly not be deemed unworthy ofthe collection of its author.Work For Kings.The sphere of foreign affairs is onein which a British monarch, for all hiscomplete subordination to constitutional forms, still exercises real power. Unlike the late king, who was hisown traveling ambassador, and whosepersonality made him welcome in thecapitals of Europe, George V. choosesto work through his ministers, butthere is every reason to believe thatthe monarch's views will carry weightwith the cabinet. Situated as he isabove party, the king may readilywork for international friendship andpeace without being accused of betraying the country's interests.Biggest Thing in the World." 'Fighting Bob' Evans," said a naval veteran of Washington, "had, likemost fighters, a tender heart. f" 'Fighting Bob' had a specially tender heart toward children. I onceheard him say, as he held his littlegrandchild's hand:" A child is the biggest thing in the,world. A ragged, emaciated, .hungrychild Is to me bigger than a battle-1IT TAlso all Types of-bv. Jtr -fcFOR SALE BYBourbon Oarage & Supply CoCor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyThejNetrJetonJap ModelrIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather. We have othermodels of the NettletonMake, but recommendthe Jap to the busy-manfor every day wear.Geo. McWilliams.Are You Nervous?What makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand the strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the woman's tonic. Cardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural manner, by going to thesource of the trouble and building up the bodily strength.TAKE TheLARDU I WomansTonicMrs. Grace Former, of Man, W. Va., took Cardui.This is what she says about it: "I was so weak andnervous, I could not bear to have anyone near me. I hadfainting spells, and I lost flesh every day. The first doseof Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved my life." It is the best tonic for women.Do you suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui. It will help you. Ask your druggistWrite to: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanoosa Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book,"Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 50Of BOURDON POULTRY CURTdown a chick's throat curesgapes. A few drops In thedrinking water cures andprevents cholera, diarrhoetand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons ofmedicine At all druggists.Sample and booklet on 'Diseases of Fowls" sent FREE.BourjMn Remedy Co. Lxisgte,ljWoodland Stock Farm.Headquarters for Draft Horses.BLACK PRINCENo. 48710.$15 to Insure.BLACK PRINCE - Bought of tbeGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Pfrcheron, 17C0 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure fcalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your fancy both inlooks and work. Yoa can make nomistake in breeding to him.Black Percheron. Wt. 1760$15 to Insure,BURLEYis a splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have provento be of the very -best. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley, both uponthe farm and in the cities. Tney canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 years old, abeautiful black. He is 'well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe test price.The above horses will make the season of 1912 at Woodland Stock FarmiAbout 7 mile3 North ofjParis on the Cynthiana'pike.lMoney due when colt isfoaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without mv consent. Lifmretained on all coltsjuntil season money isjaaid. Care taken to prevent? ac-eiaents; dug no responsibility assumed should any occur. ,g, E. BUTLER & CO,W.T. Brooks. DruggistHINKSON, Lair,-v, -St;THE " BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 28 191WmmWmWISWMMmmmMmmI TWIN BROS.Department StoreCor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1 .Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, KentuckyLocanda3:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09Sired by AllertontOOX, the world's leading sire of standard performers?dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyon 2:27; second dam Katie.Jackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, 1 miles, 3:15XTERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING POALPeter Billiken (3) 2:16 14Son of Peter The Great 2:07leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.Winnerof 6-heat race against aged horses.Terms:5$50to Insure a LivinglFoal.(2) 2.19v of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08, Dorcas H. 2:0 Betsy G.2:i0X, Katherine A. 2:11 X (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:i2,Nedra W. 2:14 Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:lo, Wig Wag 2:16Xi (championof Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others in 2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.Tom 3VdCol3LThe celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the seasohlat Maplehurst StockParni. Tom'Mack is the best breeder of niules that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.W. A. BACON, Paris, Ky.OONSTANZA 44739JBay Stallion, 16.1 hands; 1,200 pounds'.Sired by Constan tine 2:12 1-2.Sire of 60 in 2:30.1 dam Katherine Rogers by Sentinel Wilkes 2499 "(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:08; rec, (Son of Geo. Wilkes 5192:14, Ashlawn, 2:24K Joe Alverton2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:12X " .:2 dam Bertha Rogers by Pretender 1453DAM OPDorris Wilkes 2.14 . ;BedeliaB 2:14 , .Pay Girl 2:12Grandam of 3 in 2:30 . --3dam Lela Sprague ' by Gov. Sprague 2:20- vDAM OF ' ,Edna Simmons 2:12Belle Sprague 2:20, trial 2:10Grandam of 3 in 2:30 V-4 dam Constance by Hamlet 160DAM OF '1 Brooklawn 2:18J ' y r2 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2 :30 .3 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:30 - ,4 Winnie Constance, dam of EthelRay2:225 Mudra, dam of MudrDna 2:266 Black Walnut, sire of 1.5 dam by L. I. Black Hawk 24CONSTANZA will make present season at Brooklawn Farm 2 miles easfromlHutchison Station 6 miles south from Paris oh Bethlehem pike.$10to Insure a Live Colt.OABEBLACK JACK$10.00 to insur3 a live colt. Season money due when colt comes alive.Mares transferred, parted with or Temoved from county Accidents of 'everyikind at owner's risk.S. D. BURBRIDGE, Hutchison, Ky.Lexington E. Tenn, Phone 698 A.No Business Transacted ou Sunday.NEVER ALLOWED TO "INFORM"wiSPECIAL EXCURSIOiNCINCINNAT9 AND RSundSY June 2ndW if:oifo1JLssi&RoundTripSPECIAL TRAINJLRoundTripLvs. GEORGETOWN 7:45 a.mv ASK TICKET AGENTS FOR PARTICULARS.Point of Military Etiquette That IsImpressed on Youngsters inthe Service. r"No matter how much a second lieutenant in the army may know, hemust never presume to 'inform' hissuperior officers," remarked a captainin one of the organizations of the National Guard of the District of Columbia recently. " ,"I found that out long ago. Col. O.B. Mitcham, in command of this artillery division, sent me a request forinformation along certain lines, andI dug out the material and wrote outa letter in reply which I thought wasstrictly military. I took it down to'Sergt.' Drew at militia headquarters.Drew has been a post quartermastersergeant in the islands, and has hadmore experience in the formality ofmilitary correspondence than any oneI know of."Sergt Mike looked at it one second and nearly fainted. 'Great Scotthe gasped, 'you'd be shot at sunriseif you sent that along.'"I had written, 'Sir, I have the honor to inform you, and so forth.'"It looked good and military to me,but Sergt. Mike Drew, when he hadrecovered from the shock, wept onmy shoulder and said:"'My boy, don't you know in thearmy nobody is ever allowed to inform a superior officer? You mayhave all the information in the world,but don't presume to inform anybodythat's even one inch over you. It willget you' in bad. Just change that letter so it will read, I have the honorto report.'"MINCE PIE FINDS CHAMPIONBarring of Delectable Dessert FromFemale Seminaries Held to BeLibel on Pastry.Mince pie has endured from generation to generation and is not castdown. It has suffered long from theattacks of critics for whom it isstrong meat, but it still is kind tothose who love it and whom it loves.It gives and needs strength. We notewithout despondence Uhe attempt invarious New England colleges forgirls to give this delectable dish anew bad name and hang it."It is ruinous for the complexion,"says one preceptress. And anotherprates of technicalities of digestion.But at good old Wellesley they havemince three times a year "for thegirls who cannot go home for theholidays," and there you have thewhole case for the libeled pastry ina sentence; Mince pie is the home pie.It spells Thanksgiving and Christmasand a happy New Year and back-to-the-farmand good-for-the-old-folks andall sorts of things that keep togetherthe families in which the nation isgreat.Complexions! Why, the countrywas full of them before any food criticdrew the hot air of life. And t willbe full of them still when the last foeof mince pie falls under the crust thatmother makes. As for the girls' colleges well, if the higher education israising a parcel of daughters thatcannot stand mince pie, it surely isnot bringing up a band of sisters en. titled to the ballot. New York World.Too Deep. 1 nJoseph E. Widener was showing agroup of visitors his father's incomparable picture gallery at LynwoodHall, the Widener residence of whitemarble near Philadelphia.The talk turned to forged Raphaels,and Mr. Widener said:"There is an American who boughta Raphael in Rome some years ago.The Italian law prohibits the exportation of masterpieces, and the-Americanhad the happy idea of getting theRaphael painted over. This was accordingly done. The rare old painting reached New York in the guise ofa modern snow scene."Then a restorer, under the watchful owner's eye, set to work on it.With a sponge dipped in turpentinehe proceeded to rub the snow sceneoff. He sponged it off readily, but hesponged a bit of the Raphael off, tooand, behold, underneath the Raphael a portrait of Marconi was revealed."No More Fox Hunts for Him.Arthur B. Suit, sheriff of PrinceGeorges county, Md., says he neveragain will indulge in, a fox chase. He'always was fond of the sport, but onthe occasion of his last chase he hadsuch an unpleasant and exciting experience that he concluded to go aftersmaller game in the future."We had been out but a shortwhile," he related to friends, 'beforewe were on a trail, but it took ussome time to dig the fox from hishole. A skunk was the fox's companion and both came out together."Both animals were killed and takento Forestville."With our party was a dare-devilsort of a fellow," the sheriff said, "andhe rode his horse through the villagestore, the skunk hanging to the animal's side."The store was quickly deserted,"he added, "and 1 resolved to participate in no more such hunts."rIftHlllitllHUimiiiiiuwwmMuiumiimwFRANK Sc COThe Store- Where Reliability Reigns.1-2 3Pi?ioe SaleOFLadies' Sailor HatsHaving closed out two large lines ofLadies' Sailors we are enabled to offerNew and Up-to-date Styles of SailorHats at 1-2 the Original Price. - - -IfIIfLadies' and Misses SuitsAT GREAT PRICE REDUCTIONSJ!$25.00 SUITS NOW$22.50 SUITS NOW$20.00 SUITS NOW$5.00 SUITS NOW$15.00$12.50$11.75$9.75These are This Seasons' Styles, All ColorsBlazers and Nor folks, WhiteP. K. and Corduroy Skirts,Just Received. Inspection Invited.Frank & Co,Praris,Kentuckygiimni:ii:rmiininiumraiiffliiimiMr'WE KNOW HOW".i1jtO "FATTED CALF" for theProdigal Son, but we do offercomfort and satisfaction to theprodigal clothes-buyer.amThose who have spent riotously in the.past for both ......Custom-Made and v. i:r- Ready-to-Wear Clothesand have not found satisfaction will be surprised at the satisfaction they will find in ourready-for-service garments. Not only theprice, but the perfect fit and wearing qualitieswill surprise you.:iMitchell & Blakemore,Paris, KentuckyOutfitters to MenIn the Interests of Art."How ugly those railway coachesare!" exclaimed the critical youngwoman. "Couldn't you tdopt somesuitable color scheme?""Well' 'replied the railway official;"so Jong as we are compelled, to operate on jim. crow lines,) -maybe. Jtb WV1l1l It a n OH f artrf annrnnilnl in nnt'nfifcem black' and whiteiv v-So Thoughtful of Him. sBridegroom (two days after wedding) "I haven't seen anything yet ofthat $5,000 check from your father."Bride "Well, you see, dear, papalieard that your father had alreadygiven us one, and he knew weshouldn't care to have- duplicate presents." -Cheerfully Subscribed.- Mrs. Noopop "Charlie, ,what do youthink? Dad just sent us a 5"! ,000check for our new baby! Wasn't thatgood of him?" Mr. Noopop "I shouldsay so! 111 write at once and thankhim for his- contribution to the FreshHeir FunSl'rJudge.. , "v .Great Piece of Luck.An English laboring man tookmezzotint into Christie's art- rooaM imLondon the other day and was MtosIshed to be told that it was worta 1 .785. It was the "Children Bataiiif'of J. W"rd, a famous .eightMtli-etury engraver and uainter...THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 28, 1912,it1tSwiifs.Beautiful new line of lawn and porchswings. The nicest lot we have evershown.J. T. E1NT0N.Refrigerators.Get " the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold bytf A. F. WHEELER & CO.r4fZbe Gome of Correct Tootwear."DAN COHEN!The Time toj Buy is Now,The PlaceOUR STOREYou will save time and money whenyou purchase your Spring and Summer Footwear here. We have a largeassortment ofWhite Shoes and Pumpsin Canvas and - Nu-Btjck for Womenand Children at a range of prices tosuit the most economical shoppers.These bargains could not be duplicated anywhere outside our store.A Sure Fit.See our line of Pumps and Colonials in allpopular leathers and fabrics. For fit, style andcomfort they are not surpassed.The prices are unusually low, quality considered.Keep cool and comfortable in a pair of thefamous Walk-Over Oxfords, We have them in allthe latest styles in Black and Tan Oxfords.We Save You Money on YourFootwear Purchases.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky. ji Mi MMMifMBHitMHBifllRefr iterator Time. -Now ii the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for this summer. Wehave the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they are thekind that save ice.J. T. HINTON.Insure with W. O. liinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tf1aMILLEKSfitiKG items.Mr. and Mrs. Ed Rice-amMiMfLilldWilliams, of North ' Middletown, Twereguests Thursdayof Dr. and Mrs. W.M. Miller.Mrs.. J. A. Miller returned Fridayfrom St. Joseph j Hospital. Lexington,where she has been under treatment forseveral .weeks.Nothing improves thehome at solittle cost as Chinamel. Make thefloors look new. We sell it.21-2t. VARDEN & SON.Mrs. J. A. Moffett, of Huntington,, and Miss Ruby Heaberlin, of Portsmouth, O,. arrived Tuesday as theguests of Mrs. E. G. Hawkins.Misses Mary Louise and Rebecca Collier returned Wednesday after a fewdays visit to their aunt, Mrs. WilliamBedford, at Lexington.Misses SDeeth. of Maysville, andKokendoffer of Carlisle, Abbott ofParis and Smith of.Clintonville arrived Saturday as the guests of Mrs.Mack Jones.Cadets Miller and Harris, of the M.M. I., entertained the Senior Classwith a reception Friday, morning from4 to 6. A light lunch and soft drinkswere served.The young men's dancing club willentertain the visitors with a dance atthe opera house this evening. Thiswill be one of the most pleasant teatures of the festive season here.Miller & Calawell purchased lastweek from Mr. W. B. Woodford, ofBourbon county, the bluegrass from900 acres of land, for the sum of$3,500. This firm will run sixteenstrippers and will probably handle20,000 bushels of blue gras.The following young ladies constituted a picnic party to Blue LicksSprings Thursday, Misses Maris andKizzie Mav McDaniel, Ann Epherson.Jennie Maurie Pepper, Nola Redd,Nancy Whaley,. Mary Bell Baird andMargaretStanard. Z tuiciW. H. Coope'r was tried Friday beforeSquire Ihomason, for speeding hisauto some weeks ago between Millersburg and Paris, and was acquitted.Ibis was the second trial. The firsttook place within a few days after hisarrest and the result was a hung jury.Mrs. flattie Hawes and sons. Jame3and Albert Hawes, returned fromChicago Saturday where they havescent the winter. They were accompanied by Mrs. Alex Hawes, andMitchell of Chicago and John Rothierof Cincinnati, who will be their guestsduring commencement.Winchester High School and M. M. Iteams crossed bats Monday afternoonon the latter's grounds. The gamewas a vry interesting one. A t theend of the eighth inning the scorestood 2 to 2,and on account of the visitors having to catch the 8:17 train thegame was called.The commencement exercises of M.M. I. began Sunday morning with thebaccalaureate sermon by Rev. M. T.Chandler, of Harrodsburg. The sermon was preached at the Methodistchurch, which was well filled, and agood program incident to the sennoriwas rendered. Rev. Chandler preached an excellent sermon direct to theclass uf 1912. He also preached Sunday evening to a large audience at thesam church.What more appropriate gift can yougive than a high grade watch. Nextto ones family a watch is a person'sclosest companion. It is referred tomany times a day. You can have itengraved with an appropriate inscription and in after years with whatprideit will be shown to friends as thewatch which dear ohl father andmother, or so-and-so, gaye me on theday of my graduation.AARON McCONNELL,14-4t. Jeweler and Opcition.Mrs. O.W. Ingles intertained the following with a buffett luncheon Mondayatenoon: Mesdames Ezekel Clay, C.M. Clay, Frank Clay, Jesse Turney,Amos Turney Sr., Amos Turney, Jr.,iCatesby Woudford, W.O. Hinton, J. T.Vansant. Paris; J.M .JAlverson, Lawrenceburg: R. L. Buffington. Cincinnati ; S.;C. Bascom. Owingsviile, LouisBiistow and Bob Ward, Georgetown ;Louis Rodgers, Cane Ridge and J. VV.Mock.Commencement guests are arriving,quite a number being here and manyothers yet to come. Following is apartial list ct the arrivals: Mrs. Harris, son and daughter. Nolan, W. Va.,Mr. and Mrs. H. 8. Blackburn andMrs. W. G. Blackburn, Georgetown ;Mrs. I. JYigclesworth,, Irwin Falls,Idaho; Mis. L. C. Wigglesworth, MissRuth Reynolds, Miss Lorain McDonald. Cynthiana; Rev. M. I. Chandler,wife and daughter, Rosa Dee, Harrodsburg ; at M.M;i. Miss Ruth Norris.of Fern Leaf, with Miss Martha Smith ;Mrs .'Ernest Henson, of Blue Field.W. Va., with Mrs. D. E. Clarke; Mr.Oscar Day and family, of Mt. Olivet,with Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Wells; Mrs.J. W. Maffet," Cynthiana, with Mrs.Thomas Marshall.The following are among the guestshere forcotr meneement : J. M. Gentry,wife and cnr, Lxintrton : MesdamesW. B. Oldram aun R. B. Oldham,Richmond; u. M. B. Hertel anddaughter, II rtel, Ky. ; Mrs . MaryJones, Hazel Gruen, Ky. ; Prof. H. L.Armstrong, Tennessee: Mrs. J. M.Alverson, Lawrenceburg ;Mr. and Mrs.S. C. Bacon, Owingsviile; Mrs. W. A.Munzing, Maysville; Messrs. Levy andLebus, Cynthiana; Miss Clara Rhodes,Ulizaville; W. G. McClintock and wife,Paris; Mrs. Eugene Hollawav anddaughter, Roy, Ky.Arthur Blackburn,Georgetown; Miss Rule,Headauarters jGrittenden Johnson, Danville"; FrankCox and Ward Huffman, Berry.The cadets of M. M. I. held theircompetitive drill on the M. M.I. campusyesterday morning before one of thelargest crowds ever seen on a previous occasion. The Paris High Schoolband furnished the music 'for the fieldday exercises. The competitive drillwas held at 9 :30 o clock, and was incharge of Major Brown. The firingwas perfect. The judges were ex-Cao-tainsHawes and Mitchell, of Chicago,111., and Miller, of Lexington. Companies A. and B contested for the flag,which was on by the former. Themedal in the manual at arms was wonby Cadet WFigtit. who was introducedby Major. Beat as a model student; 'Mrs. E. Clarke and W. Kl an)enter are not ao well. '"Mrs. Emma T... Longfvisited,relativesin Lexington Friday and Saturday.M iss Jane Land, of Lexington, is theguest of Miss Kizzie May McDaniel.Mr. W. C Dodsonof Paris, wasthe guest of his sister, Miss Ida Dodson. Friday.Mrs. Robert Wilson, of California,Ky.. is the gjest of her mother. Mrs.Amanda Mastin.MATRIMONIAL.Miss Mae Frances Howe and Mr.Warren Wilcox, both of this city, wereunited in marriage at the residence ofthe bride's grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.Robert Langston, yesterday evening,about 7 o'clock.The bride is the daughter of v Mrs.Bessie Howe and is'an accomplished andattractive young woman. Mr. Wilcox,who is a son of Mr. and Mrs. JamesWilcox, is a young man with a host of-friends and is very popular.Tobacco Plants, Thrifty.Mr. J. Will Thomas completed theplanting of eight acres of tobacco, lastweek, and all of the plants , which areof the Dr. Halley variety, are thriving. COTS FOR CONCLAVE.Place your final order forcots and bedding not laterthan Thursday noon, May 23Roxie Davis.Master Commissioner'sSaleOF-City Property and Lois.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mrs. W. W. Massie's Administrator," 1 Plaintiff,vs. Notice of Sale.Her Legatees, Defendants.The undersigned Master Commissioner will, pursuant to the order of salemade at the March, 1912, term of theBourbon Circuit Court onThursday, Juite'20, 1912,at about the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.,expose to public sale on the premises the following- property to-wit:The portion of the home-place oftestatrix, including residence and otherimprovements on lot which is describedas follows: Located in Paris, Ky., onVine street between Scott avenue andMassie street, fronting on Vine 189 feetand extending along Scott avenue 305.5feet, along Massie street 298.3 feet,and being 220 feet in the rear fromMassie street to Scott avenueLot No. I on Plat Herein Filed. !Fronting on Scott avenue 57.5 feet)and extending back 148 feet and being57 feet in the rear.Lot No. 2 on Wat Herein Tiled.Fronting on Scott avenue 57.5 feetadjoining Price and extending back 148feet and being 57 feet in the rear.Lot No. 3. on Plat Herein Piled!Fronting 56.8 feet on Massie street andextending ' back 72 feet on west sideand 75.5 feet on east side to 57 feet inrear.Lot No. 4 on Plat Herein filed. 'Fronting 56.8 feetK on Massie streetand extending back 75.5 fee ton westand 79.9 feeron the east, being 57 feetin the rear.Lot No. 5 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 56 feet on Massie street,running back 79.5 feet on the west and83 feet on the east- being 57 feet in therear.Lot No. 6 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie street andrunning back 85.5 feet on the west and915 feet on the east, . being 70.5 feet inthe rear.Lot No. 7 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie stieetand running back 94.5 feet on the westand 108.5 feet on the east, being 61feet in the rear.Lot No. 2 on Piat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie streetand running back 108.5feeton the westand 128 feet on the east, being 53.5feet in the rear.Lot No. 9 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie streetand running back 128 feet on the westand 146.5 feet on the east, being 53.5feet in the rear.Lot No. 10 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie street andrunning back 146.5 feet on the westand 135.5 feet on the east, being 51 feetin the rear.Lot No. II on Plat Herein Fled.Fronting 44.5 feet on Massie streetand running back 155.5 feet on thewest and 128 feet on the east, being 98feet in the rear. ,T. .Also, a vacant lot on' Scott avenuefronting thereon 48 feet rand, runningback 150'feet, being 35.feet.10 inchesin the rear.Terms.The said sale will be made uponcredits of 6, 12 and 18 months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser to execute bond with goodsurety to be approved of by the undersigned, bearing interest from date until paid at the rate of 6 pen cent perannum.c a. McMillan, m. c. b. c c.TALBOTT-I& WHITLEY, Attys;r 25may-3t-S;f ' . C'K f.1 r - Faicy Gsods.s Xmperted cheese, Brick, Roquefort;,Swiss, ifull Cream, .Jar cheese andPimento cheese. Fancy canned andluncheon gqdds.21-3t. BBAMBLETT & TAER.For Home Use.Order your wet goods, auch asbeers, wines, old liquors, etc., fromus and it will have prompt attentionFamily trade solicited. Call overeither 7phone. Let us stock yourcellerette for the Conclave.21-3t B. VVEISSBERG.mXTRAGOOlstyle for this season, durable , serge linings. Allthe style and appeara of much higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 1mI price, & 60. Glowers"j l". " , n 1 1 11 1 1 i i 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 rTT" '1P1F lafilial . j3ji "FLOOR LACMakes Beautiful, Easily CleanedFloors. Readily Applied to Oldor New Floors. Comes in -Lightand Dark Oak, Cherry, Mahogany and Green.G, A. DAUGHERTY,LCopyrightWIS Mr MET OFTfflve we grow old, and the last years' should5 he free from care, instead of burdened withme weigm or navmg to proviae. i ms snould navebeen done in youth by the practice of frugality anda live bank account.United States Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per centinterest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. !Capital $100,000WWW" r-Ftr MiHt Use.Order your wat goods, dch asbeers, wine51, old liquors, etc., fromus and it wilLliave prompt attention.Call over either 'phone. Let us sttckyour cellerette for the Conclave.Family trade solicited.21-.3t B. WEISSBERG.Refrigerators. .Our stock oi refrigerators is thelargest we have ever had. All kindsat all prices. Don't forget we areagents for the celebrated North Starthe beat refrigerator' in the worfd.J. T. HINTON.The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes . Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years ., $5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers;" alsoNorfolk and ' ' knicker "trousers; new Spring styles,large variety of styles andchecks. A. very popular$7.50Surplus $30;000YOU FACEWWWWWWWWWWWW....'"X