- JTHE BOURBON NEWS.PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARvVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1912ttsiasHSfaftftfafafatftfafa&w E?8Tr E4fHf -f-Sm"S lVlUHPliOnAIILOWSHOESBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON QXFORDS, and also Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.FAIR OPENED TUESDAYFine Events in All The ClassesFeature In The Week'sExhibit.AWARDS MADE.PREMIUMIdeal Weather Prevails And TheCrowds Each Day FullyUp To Average."WE KNOW HOWWe have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.These will be for CASH ONLY.Ii Ph(mmGEO. McWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The Shoe ManI13&&'&WsSSMOT WEATHERSPECIALSBoiled HamMinced HamDried BeefBolognaImported Swiss CheeseBrick CheesePimento CheeseNew York CheeseWater Melons andCantaloupes on Ice,sr9BLUE RSBBON FLOUR25-Jfo Sack SOc50-ifo Sack 1 .GO1 OO-lfo Sack $3.20T. C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234fi)ftftftftsw"wwyUnder the most happy auspice3 andideal weather conditions the BourbonFair opened upon its sixty-sixth annualexhibition Tuesday morning. The extremely hot weather which prevailedin no wise affected the attendancewhich was fully up to the average offormer years for the opener.The opening day which is usually etapart as a special day for the ladiesand children had the effect of bringingout a large number of the fair sex andthe attractive Dony rings delighted thenumber of children who attended.The day was marked by as fine astock show as has taken place sincethe organization of the society andeach ring brought out its quota ofblooded stock to compete for the attractive premiums and in each instancethe competition was exceptionallystrong.In the Shorthorn show Felix Kenick,of Winchester, captured all of the premiums with his excellent string ofshow stock.The Shetland pony exhioit was thebest, according to judges, that has occurred in Kentucky, with L. C. Price,of Lexington, who had here his showstring that has taken premiums at allthe'eounty fairs in the State, at thelong end. Competition in this classfurnished no little excitement andeach award made by the judge brogubtforth vociterous applause.Mr. Price was successful in securingfive first premiums and two seconds inthe pony rings while the Jiarbee StuckFarm of Millersburg, was second withone blue and two red ties.The fancy turnout driven by children twelve years old and underbrought out three entries, and in whichMiss Lucille Caywood, the -pretty litttle daughter of Mr. an d Mrs. H. S.Cawyood, of North Middletown, received the first award while John M.Stuart, of Paris, was awarded the second premium.Hazel Dawn, owned by Matlack &Shropshire, of Winchester, PrincessV., the property of Allie Jones, ofNorth Middletown, and Golden Girlexhibited by J. R. Fagan. of Brooksville, met in the fancy harness horsering which resulted in a victory for themare of Mr. Fagan while the ClarKcounty entry captured the second ribbon. Mr. Jones was unplaced with hisfine show mare.The New York saddle horse ringwent to Matlack & Shropshire on theirfine.show mare. June Bride, while Laywood & Hamilton of North Middletown, captured the second premium.Gnly three horses were exhibited inthis class, the third being Ada B., theproperty of Collins & Redmon, otNorth Middletown.Allie Jones captured the first premium on the roadster stallion withRichelieu King, with Coilins & Redmon a close second with, King Edward.The colt show, with its three-waypremium, brought out a dozen entriesand after fullv a half an hours delibration the blue ribbon was tied on theprize show colt cf Plummer & Mc-Clure, of Paris, while second honorswent to Allie Jones ot N crth Middletown, and third to R. E. Goddard, ofHarrodsburg. Following are theawards:The Who-Made-Theni-For-YotL"Kind of Clothestir.'tkXhey excite the flatteringcomment of your- friendsthe homage men pay to styleand fit.Our Clothes have thatlook the expensive tailorlook and thev cost no more0than ordinary clothes boughtelsewhere..Particularly seasonablestyles for fail wear. Tryon to-day. .,VMitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to Men(0HKlftK59 tt K&iKtvrvrAwr. vir wrtisv?su?aU2i$u?i ysi 5V;W5Vi!3itmmniiiiiniiiinumrjji iiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiHiiiniiiiiiiiiuiiiiiniiuiuiiniiiiiuMiiuiiiuiiiiiniiiiiiiiuuB tJrM&sFRANK & CO SThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.ism iFALL DISPLAY OF HIy&zm ' 3k.4.r&mmKg?ST'V;aSfliJ?v?mpamWOOLENS1,000 Samples to Select From.Suits To Order$15 to $40.00.Fit and WorkmanshipGuaranteed. Lining wearsout during year reSinedFREE,1-3 Off on alland Straw Hats,jism5?;s?5m2&kmmmmimmm A."USI PRI6Eic60.6!0tlli6r,$$?$and Furnishersvte5$kmmimmm0mFirst Day.SHORTHORN, OR BEEF CATTLE.Bull, 1 vearold and under 2, (1 entry)Felix Renick, "Winchester.Bull, under 1 year, (1 entry) -FelixRenick, Winchester.Best Heifer, 2 years old and nnder 3,Felix Renick, Winchester.Best Heifer, 1 year old and under 2,Felix Renick, first and second.Best Heifer calf, under one year,Felix Renick, first and second.SHETLAND PONIES.Best mare or gelding, any age inharness, L. C Price, Lexington, first;Frank Collins, North Middletown,second.Best stallion, any age, in harness,L. C Price, Lexington, first; BarbeeStock Farm, Millersburg, second.Best pony, 3 year old and under four,Barbee Stock Farm, Millersburg,first; Johnson Bros., Muir, second.Pony, 2 years old and under 3. HenryCaywood, North Middletown, first;Barbee Stock Farm, second.Pony, 1 year old and under 2, L. C.Price, Lexington, first and second.Pony under one year, L. C. Price,Lexington, first and second.Fancy turnout, Lucile Caywood,first; John M. Stuart, second.Brooded Pony, L. C. Price, Lexington, first; Frank Collins, North Middletown, second.Saddle Pony, 4 years old and under,Stoddard Young, first; HarriettRogers, second.Fancy Harness Horses J. K.Fagan, Brcoksville, first; Matlack& Shropshire, Winchester, second.New York saddle horse mare orgelding, Matlack & Shropshire, first;Caywood & Hamilton, second.Roadster Stallion, any age, AllieJones, first; Collins and Redmon,second.Best colt, either sex, under 1 year,Plummer & McClure, first; Allie Jones,second; R. E. Goddard, Harrodsburg,Any Linen Dress,Now $1.98tLingerie DressesNow $1.98 to $5.98 eachValues up to $20.r100 Pairs ofLadies' Pumps and SlippersNow 50c a Pair?'w.0SWe Are Showing New FaBI GoodsIn Every Department.INSPECTIONDrWITEDFRANK & C.. IParis. - - KentuckyIHmiiiiiiiiimiiiiffimaniiajsmiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiuiiimParis, Kentucky!i third.(Continued on Page Eight.)09Jm JJ m JAr- jti T HiKWftfiIfPrPs,rt1&II9iKHVlr- MMM""'"tfte jlgilciilttirlCapital$100,00.00Surplus$67,500.00NEW - BARBER - SHOPModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.. Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDINotice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator, --PlaintiffVs. Notice.fr His Heirs,DefendantsAll person holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to nresent thesame, Droven, as required by law, tome 3t my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky. ;All claims not presented by September 1. Iyl2. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN, M. C. B. C. C.Hot and ColdBAHot and cold bai-hs.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready u wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.A. KAHAL.Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.- Xoom 1 Elks Buildinc.Or. Win. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street."Office Phones j g1.(FT '334Residence H0m'e 33i.DR. A. H KELIiEK,Practicing Physician,Offices, Booms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'g- Paris, - - - KentuckyAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire autoxmobiles. Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....o. ;Ql fvonofm' linoBest equipped translei linein the city. Special atten-tion given to all kinds Oihauling.Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.livery, Peed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tf23 mm -7 11Bank' of Parts,Protection$267,500.00CURIOUS BITSOF HISTORYAN ILLUSTRIOUS ARAB.By A. W. MACY.Among the illustrious patriots of history no name shine3with greater luster than that ofAbd-el-Kaders an Arab and aMohammeden. riis life was onelong series of magnificent struggles and crushing defeats. Hischosen work was tc reform thepolitical and social system ofhis native country, Algiers, buthis hopes were cruelly frustrated. For fifteen years, at thehead of the little Algierianarmy, he fought heroicallyagainst France, one of the greatmilitary powers of the world.He yielded only when everypossible defense had vailed, andwas held a captive four years.Through it all he preserved anexalted character, and set afine example for the Christianworld. His closing years verespent at Damascus, in studyand good works. In 1860, whena terrible Moslem outbreak occurred in that city, he noipedto repress the uprising, andsaved the lives of thousands ofChristians. For this, anC inhonor of his exalted character,France conferred upon him theorder of the Cross of the Legionof Honor; Russia, that of theWhite Eagle; Prussia, that ofthe Black Eagle; and Greece,that of the Savior. Englandcent him a magnificent gun, inUfd with gold; and the UnitedStates, a fine brace of pistolswith like adornments.i1(Copyright, 1911, by Joseph B. Bowles.)Only One Real Road.There is only one real road to human prosperity, and it is the samefor a nation as for an individual. Thatis the honest road of hard work under free institutions, and when theytried to teach people that they couldbe made rich by some short cut, theywere doing that which was thoroughly dishonest. Walter Long.OF LOCAL INTEREST.Some People We Know, and WeWill Profit by Hearing AboutThem.This is a purely local event.It took place in Paris.Not in some faraway place.You are asked to investigate it.Asked to believe a citizen's word.To confirm a citizen's statement.Any article that is endorsed at Home jis more wortnv or connuence man oneyou know nothing about, endorsed byunknown people.Mrs. Laura L. Lair. 1022 Highstreet, Paris, Ky.. say: "When I11Q . i,ftnn.q Kmnpv puis vears sumthey completely cured me of kidneytrouble and I gladly confirm the testimonial l gave at tnat time, i naarheumatic trouble and rav kidneys wereirreguar in action. I suffered fromheadaches and backaches and at timeswas dizzy and nervous. A neighboradvised me to try.Doan's Kidney Pillsand I did. Thev made me strong andwell and have had no return of kidneytrouble."For sale by all dealers. Price 50cents. roster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.Remember the nameDoan':: andtake no otner. ,,,, irTfiimTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS,500L THE KICKING COW.V"Simol Dvic That Prvnt. Hr Fromj&&'ijytting Her Foot Into Milk Pall.SpfflM&illustratlon herewith is a simpleaeYce to Keep a cow jrom inciting.fFconsists of two pieces of rope aboutfour and one-half feet long and a pieceof an old fork handle across the cow'sback. Insert an eyebolt in the floorto the left of the cow about halfwayup toward the feed box, then fastenyour piece of rope in this ring and tothe fork handle just about the heightof the cow's back. Fix the other sidein like manner, excepting that the eyebolt be put farther back so as to al-z&&&&&AN'TI-KICKING DEVICE.From the American Agricultuiistlow room for milking operations. Thisapparatus is left fastened on the lefthand side and thrown back across thepartition when not in use.Just befoie milking the. cow is fastened in the stanchion, and this Isthrown acioss and fastened in thering on the right hand side. This isespecially good for the cow that is inthe habit of putting her foot in themilk pail. She cannot raise her footwithout bowing her back somewhat,which this prevents. And if she persists in doing this trick tighten up the'. rope on the right hand side. The ob! ject in fastening it to the floor is thatit gives her a certain amount of free! dom, and if she moves backwaid andj forward it tightens After a time thej cow gets accustomed to this, and if Itis simply laid acioss her back she -willj not move a foot I have used this in! a number of bad cases and found itworks to perfection, says a correspondent of the American Agriculturist. FARM BUTTERMAKING.NoReason Why It Should Not BeatCreamery Product In Price.Cutter made from a single herd ofcows in a smiui ciairy locateu on tnufarm, says a Washington state bulj letm, should command the highest' price of any butter on the maiket.j The first essential in making goodbutter is good cream. To get this siin; ply means to take oidinary precautionsJ regarding clean cows and barn, cleanI attendants and clean utensils and thencooling the cream at once after separating, either by running it oer acooler or by setting it in running coldwater and stirring. Cieam should notbe stored with any substance havingan aroma. Sweet cieam churns hardand gives a butter having a fiat taste.To sour or ripen the cieam, fiist, heat itto about 70 degiees F. (use a thermometer) and let it stand until it hasa mild but distinctly acid taste, or.second, add same sour milk or buttermilk (starter) to stait the ripening, atthe same time holding it at 70 degiees.The best cream for churning is thatwhich tests about 30 per cent fat afterstaiter has been added.The tempeiature at which the creamshould be churned depends on the sizeof fat globules, baldness of fat globules, age of the cream, percentage offat in the cream, kind of feed the cowis getting, and this cannot be determined except by trial. Thirty-five degrees may be proper on one farm andGO degrees on the one adjoining. Agood rule to follow is to have the butter come about the size of wheat kernels in about thirty or forty minutes. -While the granules are about thesize of wheat the buttermilk shouldbe drained, the granules washed andthe salt added. Then they are workedtogether, only enough to distribute thesalt evenly. When the churn is notstopped until the granules becomelarge some of the buttermilk is incased,and it makes butter of poor keepingquality.Mottles in the butter are caused byan uneven distribution of salt in thepresence of buttermilk.M If we use but one crop on theland and cultivate it clean all Jthe time the soil will quickly berobbed of its humus. Therefore fwe must follow a proper rota- Jtion in order to supply humus -kwithout which we can do little.Some men have never discovered -Kthis fact, however. jWarning.The Florists' exchange reports thedeath of a child in Oregon from eatingthe berries of the Virginia creeper, Ampelopsis qiiinquefolia, which had notpreviously been regarded as poisonous,though the bark, sometimes used cautiously in medicine, appears to possesspoisonous properties.Saving Many Steps.Can you hang a rod through the shed.to open the door to let the cattle outthe back way, closing the door with alever? It will save you three miles a! year. Think it over. Farm and Fire-side. v ,JpiKENTUCKY, SEPTEMBERXHB BOURBON' news, .PARIS, KENTUCKY .SWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .3.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceI Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar mati er, 10 cents per line.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade," its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.For President,HON. VVOOUROW VILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R.MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,of Scott county.Meeting Opportunity.To face every opportunity of lifethoughtfully, and to ask its meaningbravely . and earnestly, is the onlyway to meet supreme opportunitieswhen they come, whether open-facedor disguised. Maltbie D. Babcock.Blamed a Good Worker."I blamed my heart for severe distress in my letc side for two years,"writes W. Evans. Danville, Va., "butnow I know it was indiueston as Dr.King's New Life Pills comDletely cured me." Best for stomach, liver ar.'lkidney troubles, constipation, headacheor debility. 25c. at Oherdorfer's.Friendship That Is Worthy.Oh the comfort the inexpressiblecomfort of feeling safe with a person having neither to weigh thoughtsnor measure words, but pouring themall right out just as they are, chaffand grain together, certain that afaithful hand will take and sift them,keep what is worth keeping and witha breath of kindness blow the restaway. Dinah Mulock.Woman's First Industrial Venture.It was in the manufacture of testiles that woman first appeared in in-.uustry outside of the home.Kentucky Fair Dates.The following are the dates fixed forholding the Kentucky fairs for 1912, astar as reported. Officers of fairs arerequested to report to us any omissionsor correction of dates.Elizabetht nvn September 3, threeduys.PARIS, September 3. five days.'lompkinsvilie Spetember 4, fourdays.Barboursville September 4, threedays.fcJafdstown September 4, four davs.Bowling Green September 4, fourdays.Sanders Tri-County Fair, September 4, four days.Monticello September 3, fcur days.Louisville State Fair Sept. 9; sixdavs.Melbourne Sentember 17, five days.Horse Cave September 18, fourdavsis, above all other things, theremedy for sickly, wasted children. It nourishes and buildsthem up when ordinary foodabsolutely fails. Be sure toget SCOTT'S. AlIDru8RiaU.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield N. J 12-13Some Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn, Phone 3746 1912.Why Womesi Are Wot RICH,Man is a millionaire many times ovsr in the possession of bioo4 Cftik. wcm-.-'-U. f- :.,:r--o Uoiro r.-rirn th-at ttvs Tvormal man Hae Sve siian is not quite su iiu,iu uwciinaw ;"'.'lion the woman only Jour ana a nan mmwa tu u lUUo ut........w . mA decrease in number ct red blood corput.cics ana a person iou . pis mfact, is anaemic, tho blood does co: it tlw r:ghc food and probably tas s:omach is.disordered. , , . , , . ... , ,Dr. R. V. Pierce found years co fiat a f,h-r c:.racl ot golden -cal andOregon grape roots, queen's root and Hccdrcot v.Ji rtack chcrrybark, would helpthe assimilation of the iood in the stomach, correct Ilvt-r i-5 and k Nature s ownvr,y increase the red blood corpxisolcs. lhia medicine heS called Dr. Pierce's Golden Mecical Discovery. By assimi-VX S" the -ood ect-n ths s'5t:::n -Is "our-5h"d and ths bldP-TN takes on a rich red color. Ker-.ousrcss is only " the cry5 m nf tKo rtrvd non cs lor U32,' ar.n v,nen me nerves arer - js( '$wl ri i2. I1 V A jvln9VJ. D. Lively, Esq. d.sea3es ha-ve run uo luig that tnere :s no chance to be cured.Dr. Piece's Medical Adviser, 31 stamps, to pay for wrapping and mailing only.ilWJEAIjjiiJiyst ,', ' y.gfitnyisggj rz. iMKim4fnSkLOmWamiMmgood wood shingle, and in some places they cost much less.Roofs put on 26 years ago aie as good as new today, and have never needed repairs.for Sale by Miller & Best, MiHersburg, Ky.New Fall Suits Arriving1 "" ' ' ' Ml """" . ' "- -. '"n i l 1S. iJt ' Hi "ifJ., frS5&Sii JSCKLOSSBK0S6CO I ,.." ' V-Sfe. ?C 5sr' 'fUe CltUcs ler I ""i i U 11TWIN BROS., CLOTHING DEP'T.L. Wollstrne, Proprietor.S3SSSsSg6SSSSS5aiC3SS3'22Sa5Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow is the time to try a load,Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.IhsiK&rS)S&ZHbmt&sZ3m22ssbeumberlanaCelepbone ana Celegrapb CompanyINCOBPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local and.LONG DISTANCE, use the CumberlandBourbon County Exchanges atParis, MillersburgNorth Middletown, JLittlef Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland ryice youJHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone andlTelegraphCompanyINCORPORATED, - "", . :,: , ., 7fed on rhh red blood the roroon looses thoce irritable feelin3,sleeps-elJ at r.ihi and Is refreshed in the morning."I vas rzackcl v.ita asevcro r.crvoaa dlsmsc, wh'ch wa3 caused bya eUorlercd"tnaeh rn-i vcr " vmtoi Vsz. Js. D. LrvELY.of Washburn Tenn , Route 2, liox CO. "All y friends thought I would die andthe beat rljys.ucns save mo up. I was advised to try Dr. F'erce3Goldsn Mc-iieal Disco cry. and derived much benefit irem same. Mycase had run so long, 't had become so chronic that nothing ould effecta permanent cure, but Dr. Pierce's medicine has done much for me andI highly recommend it. I heartily rdvise its use as a spring tome, ardf,rthpr ruii.ise almvrnconletotal'o Dr. Pierce's medicines before theurJB&WJLA ANMETALSHINGLESLAID RIGHTOVER OLD WOODSHINGLES2. No dirt no bother, and when oncelaid they make a thoroughly storm-proofand fire-proof roof, neither of which canbe claimed for the wood shingle.As to price they cost no mote than aDailyScfaloss Bros., & Co.,Baltimore, Md.,Irland IVIade SuitsA're Here DirectFrom The TailorsHands. . .We are showing the new Plum,Carnation, Grey and Browns, theprices very reasonable, $15 to 25.All Wool Fall Suits, newestshades at. . - .10, $12.50 and $15.Our Fall Line of Haws VonGol Hats Douglass Shoes and Irvin Bros., Special Shoes are arriving daily.The showing we are makingfor Fall is in every way up to thehighest class, our prices are morereasonable than elsewhere.sr&dvy&KlJu- '.V ,.'t.4 -5 H1 - "1.V-Jv. 'IJfbiVi'IEHE1iTT?TT-.A-&VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1912jtShocking Soundsin the earth are sometimes heard before a terrinle earthquake, that warnol the coming peril. Nature's warningsare kind. That dull pain or ache inthe back warns you the Kidneys needattention. If you irould escape thosedanterous maladies, Drunsy, Diabetesor Bright s disease taKe Electric Bitters at once and see backache fly andall your best feelings return. "My,son received great benefit from their,use fcr kidnev and bladder trouble,"writes Peter Eondy, South Hockwood,Mich., "It is certainlv a great kid-npy medicine." Try it. 50 cents at,csyIH5S1Sigg Read what Cardui did for Miss Mvria Ender. ofI Faribault, Minn. She says : " Let me tell you how muchgood Cardui has done me. As a young girl, I always hadto suffer so much with all kind of pain. Sometimes, I wasso weak that I could hardly stand on mv feet I sot am bottle of Cardui, at the drug store, and as soon as I hadTOtaken a few doses, I began to feel better.Today, I feel as well as anyone can."uberdrfer s.61Thm'sToiAre you a woman ? Then you are subject to a largenumber of troubles and irregularities, peculiar to women,which, in time, often lead to more serious trouble.A tonic is needed to help you over the hard places, torelieve weakness, headache, and other unnecessary pains,the signs of weak nerves and over-work.For a tonic, take Csrdui, the woman's tonic.You will never regret it, for it will certainly help you.Ask your druggist about it. He knows. He sells it.rtitu w. .. ..... ww. j mkmi rM.tiMuu.i4 4HVU1WUIW vut viiauuiiuu&u, 1 cull..for Spcdal Instractwns. and fri-page book. " Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 59What He Was In For."While mamma was preparing to entertain some guests at a recent convention, five-year-old Willie was especially annoying. Finally he was putto bed, and was there -when the guestsarrived. "Well, my little man, areyou in for your little nap?" asked oneof the men. "No, in for sassin'," replied Willie.W3i i jihh i i mi '! 11 milium mi n n iiiinam imnwmTw mrfiTiuinwn nK. TITABLIX EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59P. M.Trains .A.rrrveFROMAtlanta, Ga. , DaiTy 5 21 amLexington. Ky.. Daily 4.34amCynthiana, Kv., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Kj , Daily Except Sunday 7.38 amRowland, Kv. , Daily Except Sunday 7.05 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sundav 3.12 amCincinnati, O., Dmly 9.o0 amMaysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily 10.15 amCincinnati, O., Daily ,- 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 amCynthiana, Ry., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysvilte, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . .'. 3.15 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily .'.... 3.34 pmKnoxville. enn.. Daily 3-2-J pmMaysville, Kv., Daily o-2o pmCincinnati, O . Daily Except Sunday a-40 pmLexington, Ky., Daily 6,03 omLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday G.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily , 6 Oo pmCincinnati, O., Dailv 100 PmTrains ZDe-partNo. TO34 Cincinnati. O., Daily4 Mavsville. Kv. . Daily Except Sunday29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.10 Maysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunda y S.137 Lexington, Ky., Daily -J.37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 1JJ-133 Lexington, Ky., Daily '. IJJ.6 Maysville, K., Daily J--26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday l.25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday .38 Cincinnati. 0., Daily j9 Rowland, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 2'39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday o.32 Cincinnati, O., Daily8 Maysville, Kv. , Dailv Except Sunday J30 Cynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday ..31 Lexington, K., Daily JJJ-13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily iUNo.34291040373123326239133S5393083231o.28 am35 am47 am20 am20 am57 am55 am724 am27 am05 pm04 am34 pm40 pm52 pm57 pm1 pm.15 pm25 pm55 pm57 p$100 Reward $100.The readers of this paper will bepleased to learn that there is at leastone dreaded disease that science hasbeen able to cure in all its stages, andthat is Catarrh. Hail's Catairh Cureis the only positive cure now known tothe medical fraternit. Catarrh being a constitutional disease, requires aconstitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, actingdirectly upon' the blood and mucoussurfaces of the Eystem. thereby destroying the foundation of the disease,aud giving the patient strength bybuilding up the constitution and assisting nature in doing its work. TheDroprietors have so much faith in itscurative nowers that they offer OneHundreJ Dollars for any case that itfails to cure. Send for list ot testimonials. Address b J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ohio. 'Sold bv all druggists, 75c. .Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.V KI 11 W flU OS1 ULfcS, UlOTWhat Could He Mean?A young woman went to a grocerystore and asked the polite clerk ifhe had some good cheese. "Yes, indeed," he replied, "I have some lovelycheese," "It is not correct to callcheese 'lovely,' " she said. "How isthat?" he inquired. "Because 'lovely'should be used to qualify only something that is alive." "Well," retorted the clerk, "I'll stick to 'lovely.'"A vast amount of ill health is due toimpaired indigestion. When tne stomach fails co perform its fuuctions properly the whole system becomes deranged. A few doses of Chamberlains Tablets is all you need. 'Ihevwill strengthen your digestion, invigorate your liver, and regulate yourbowels, entirely (loins: away w'iththat miserable teeling due to faulty aicestion Try it. Manv others havebeen permanently cured why not you?For sale bv all dealers.FdbC EXeIE:ft::BI-BF.A.:OT iEIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Tra-iris rrivNo. JJiiUAl2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda 8.134 Frankforfc, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday.c t A;n-iio Mr nvnnTrfnrr. Dailv Exceot Sunday 5-0162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only :. .10.00 pmampm5.50 pmAt Once."Oh, doctor," exclaimed the nervousyoung wife, as the eminent surgeonentered the sick room, "if an operationis necessary, we want you to operateimmediately. Expense is no objectat all." "We will operate at . once,"replied the eminent surgeon withouteven glancing at the patient.14mDuring the Running Races greatly reduced rates on allre ilrc ads will be in effect from all points to Lexington and return.A Splendid opnci tunity is, therefore, afforded you to see the sportof kings; and al the same time to inspect the greatest and best assortment of Fall stocks of merchandise ever seen in Central Kentucky. Come to The Great Retail (Center of KentuckyYou just ought to see the splendid display of goods nowcarried in these stores. And the best part of it is the value youreceive for your money. On the same trip you can see races,never better than this fall, to thrill you through and through. Thisyou can do for just a little more than one fare for the round-trip.A great big opportunity, isn't it? Then don't miss it.Come Every Day Come Any DayDiariog The Races-iAugust 31September 14v75&reravx!Efzr,IJTraios Depart.NO.TOW Frankfort & Louisville, Sundav Only. : -20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday ' .43 ami -rc i-vv,.t- tt "nnilv nRx-rfTir, Sundav '" amj. tiiiiiiuiU) ---.? -" 'J " " i '. n o........... ". UUJ3 Frankfort, Ky Daily! Except Sunday.' HkM -6" & t: ," M i- LV; ."". 9 1? Lf. ?hUmck Ulie Won't Limp Nov.No more limpinjr for Tom Moore,of Cochran. Ga., "I had a bad fcoreon my instep that nothing seemed toheD till 1 used Bucklen's ArnicaSalve," he writes, "buc this wonderful healer senn cured me." Heals oldrunmntr sores, uicers, boils, burnr.cuts, bruises, eczema or piles. lr it.Only 23c at Oberdofer's.Lucky Thing.It has been found that medievalarmor is too small for Englishmen ofthe present day. Luckily the womenof medieval times left no corsets tobe tried on by ladies of the presentage.SPECIAL EXCURSIONCINCINNATISunday, sept,At That Time, at Least.He "Does a woman when she's, married expect her husband to tellher his business affairs?" She "Idon't know; but a woman expects aman to talk business when he's courting her,"Old Roman Ink.Wax-coated tablets and the stylusfurnished' the material wherewith theold Romans did their ordinary writing,hut for permanent records, there wereused a reed pen, parchment, and akind of liquid pigment or ink. Harper's "Weekly.The Young and the Old.The principal trouble with a youngman is that he declines to realizethat he will have to grow old, andwith" an old one his inclination toforget that he ever was young.19T3 Tin ; bietaoiaoieTk T?i&ZKh. Lk-57,Iff ROUND SHAPE MV'f STRONG W&12fM RESILIENT i$t0&rL DURABLE W"I was cured of diarrhoea bv onedose of Chamberlain's Colic, Choleraand Diarrhoea Remedy." writes M. EGehhardt, Oriole, Pa. For sale by alldealers.'1 Gl"tf 3 Q? tESEnaOKEDI Roundj 1 Trip1 I1 LvSh CE02B2lHUHBIBHaHHlHBHaBBHHIHHHBBAND RETURN fSPECIAL TRAIN 1ORGETOWN. 7s45 a.m. IPARTICULARS. 1gBgsasffiiw. mm hmwhASK TICKET AGENTS FOHBB2aOgSBSBBifflggSB3aBgsaRgaBW:III! Ill I llll II II I III4fen1. sv Hi-'Easily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools RequiredIN STOCK BYoYIRKES & PR CHARDCorner Fjurth ail PleastantFelt the Sting of Failure."What," asked the hunter who hadmistakenly shot a guide, bending downeagerly, "is your name?" "Smith."gasped the guide, with his last breath.The hunter's face fell. "And I cameup here," he exclaimed, ruefully, "inpursuit of rare game!" Puck.Mr. W. S. Gunsalus. a farmer livingnear Fleming, Pa., savs he has useaChamberlain's Colic, Cholera arri Diarrhoea Remedy in his family for fifteen years' and that hejiab found it Ub. an excellent remedy and take?pleasure in recommending it. For haltby all dealers.Founder of S. P. C. A.The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to. Animals wasfounded in 1S65 (incorporated 1866)by Henry Bergh, a New York authorand philanthropist. He also securedthe passage of much legislation protecting animals. He died in 1888.;&'.'"&&-,i-V? ;.. . -Zir,-&V-'A.i. ',SmpS-ZS!I4-JjxkV V? ?. X l' y vTS.yvfe 1W . "".C V. XS. 5 H WWSWKS' . 'let)2 ..F, ; V- ( v- "A-K1't.S -.'.J.-Sti' -..tf JS " -yCHARLIE WHiTEiOO3,fli!3729-31 W. Broadway9 Louisville, Ky."Were all meiicines as meritoriousas Chamberlain's Colic. Cholera andDiarrhoea Remedy the world would bemuch better off and the percentage ofsuffering greatly decreased." writesLindsay Scott, of Temple, Ind. Forgale bv all dealers.Deep down in every human heart lies a NATURAL desire for NATURE'S medicines, Roots & HerDS.Too long have the secrets of nature been neglected, too long have people disregarded God's promises. Modern doctors think only of "operations" & strong drugs, while human suffering & "deaths from disease increase rapidly every year. Health is natural, disease unnatural. My years of experience as a Cow-boy& among the Indians give me a peculiar fitness & knowledge of the powers of Roots & Herbs as medicines,my remedies have cured & are curing Blood Poison, Lung Trouble, Kidney, Bladder, Liver, Female & Skindiseases, Rheumatism, Dropsy, Catarrh, Nervous & Stomach Troubles that were pronounced incurable by thebest doctors. I want to PROVE this to the world & to any one asking, I will mail the greatest book of itskind ever published, entitled "THE COW-BOY HERBALIST," absolutely free. If you are not enjoying ALLthe blessings of perfect health, your duty demands that you INVESTIGATE MY CLAIMS. All letters ofin, quiry promptly answered.COM-CEL-SAR is the name of my great TONIC, BODY-BUILDER, corn-pose of 16 Roots "& "Herbsmakes 3 full quarts of medicine, lasts about 3 months, costs only one dollar & is LEGALLY GUARANTEEDto satisfy THE PURCHASER or money refunded. COM-CEL-SAR is sold BY ALL DRUGGISTS & DEALERS IN MEDICINE for the nerves, stomach, liver, kidneys, bowels, bladder '& blood. rA household remedymost excellent. Ask for COM-CEL-SAK; if your druggist hasn't got it or worft get it, I WILL FILU YOUWORDERS POSTAGE PAID.CHARLIE WHITE-MOON'S 'SCIENCE rSOPE is ma'de of PURE VEGETABLE 'OILS TOR HUMAN,'SKIN ONLY, guaranteed to satisfy or money;refunded.sioc,e3fbars;25ctit Ql-$saUrst Retoil, who are sP- jM''plied tJirit all wholesale dealers. -' ",... - - v J ' rH" - '-f$W-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 6 1912.nti&4iiRiRj' )W.'1lJ(!'-'t.'Reckless Auto Driving.Regardless of the State laws and aspecial city ordinance governing theautomobile, it seems that the driversand owners of Paris and Bourboncountv take little heed. Mayor Hmtonhas repeatedly notified owners anddrivers through all of the Paris paDersdrivers tnrougn an 01 inerans pacersand has instructed the police to enforce About a year ag0 Mr. Isgrigg suffthe law. But in the face of all. reck- ed an attack of grip and since thatless driving is indulged in every day j t ne nas been in aeclining health asand night in Fans, ine streets ornrpsuif He was in town Saturday.fans are narrow ana are generallycrowded and it is a hard matter toeven comply 'with the law and avoidaccidents. Numerous complaints havebeen telephonedjThe News and askingthat we take a hand in the fight.Wednesday we understand there were. several accidents on South Main streetand in the vicinity of Cypress Hun. C.M. Thomas was run into and his horseseriouly injured. Mrs. Jas. Connellyalso collided with a machine and several other accidents were narrowlyaverted. The only remedy that the"'News can suggest is to arrest andmake an example of one of the violators.We don't know the particulars ofeither of the above accidents and don't'refer to them in particular hut to allautomobile owners in general.TOBACCO INSURANCE.Insure your tobacco againstfire and wind.JOE MITCHELL.Rally Day Observed at Methodist Church.The newly elected officers for theParis Epworth League were installedat the Methodist cnurch Sunday even' ing."Rallv Day" was also oberved inconnection with the intallation serviceand the splendid program which wasarranged for the occasion was beautilully carried out.The Maltese Cross, which is the emblem of the Epworth League was in aposition above the organ and was surrounded by the League colors, goldand white, set off by the League flower, the violet. Flowers of gold andwhite also adorned the pulpit.The installation ceremony conducted"by the pastor, Rev. J. S. Simms, wasvery impresive, the officers electedwerp called to the chancel in the orderof their respective offices and wereaddressed by the pastor in suitableexhortation. Each officer'and Leaguerwore badges of the League colors. Anaudience of about three hundred,mostly of young people, was present,from all denominations. The musicwas rendered by the League choirwith Miss Mattie'Lilleston at the organ, accompanied by Mr. William Talbott with the comet. The following5s the program :Hymn No. 57, "Day is Dying inthe West" Audience.Hymn No. 78, "Holy, Holy, Holy"-Audience.Prayer Mr. N. H. Bradley.Hymn No. 419, "One More Day'sWork for Jesus" Audience.Welcome Address Dennis V.Snapn, President of the EoworthLeague. ,Solo "Just for Today" Miss Jerome Chapman.Paper "What the Epworth Leagueis to the Church" Miss Minnie Shy.Hymn No. 14, 'Jesus is Calling"Choir.Installation of Officer?.President Dennis V. Snapp.First Vice President Miss LenaCooper.Second Vice President Miss MinnieShy.Third Vice President Miss MarthaMattox.Fourth Vice President Miss JeromesChapman.Secretary Elbridge L. Snappu.Treasurer Luther Mclntyre. "- Epworth Era Agent Mrs. W. 0.Puller.Duet "Nailed to the Cross" MissMartha Mattox and Mr. Prentice Lanjmaster.Offering.Epworth League Song Choir.Mi"s Mattie Lilleston Organist.Mr. Wm. Talbott Cornetist.Ushers Messrs. Sherman R. Snapp,Edward Fairies, Edward Fithian,Vance Huffman.Burley TobaccoBoost YourWe, as you know, are using your choicest tobacco in the"brands of Strater Bros.' Branch, and you know that nobody growsbetter tobacco than you do. You know how we manufacture, soyou know that'tfyese brands are perfection. Now we want you toielp us sell these brands this year even better than our bestprevious years. The reasons you should so help are as follows:You Are Part OwnerThe fact that you grow the tobaccomakes you part ownerof all these brands.Every time that one sells you profit.Every v;ord that you say in favor of anyhelps to increase those sales. Everybrand that you buy for your own usehelps make those profits better. All ourinterests your interests and ours arepooled in these several tobaccos. It islogic that you should bend all of yourefforts, however small, in the selling:.The United Power of40,000 Buyers40,000 men in a section wield an enormous buying influence. If all ask forthese brards when they buy tobaccothere results a gigantic sale. And bigsales are the best advertising known.Te TlmfmlmYS. t Dealers thronghout the United States know these famous tobaccos.m km xcuicf They are Nation-wide sellers popular brands. They are helping: these'dealers to prosper. They are made from the pick of the famous crops of 40,000 growers.Every one of these growers is boosting: them all. So are all of their friends. This method isbringing: the profits to dealers to those who sell these brands. Are they working for youHere are tkmUrrcraatMBekiagWand-GOLDEN GLOW-PENNY POST-FULL PAY.Here are the delicious ckewmg feraads-INDEX-BY JOE TWIST-CUP-DAY'S WORKON THE SQUARE-TORCHLIGHT-STRATER'S NATURAL LEAF.Fat tkeat ito yew stock. See hew they sell.STRATER BROS. TOIJA ro COMPANY BRANCHBURLEY TOBACCO COMPANY, Icerportd, Loukrille, Ky.Wm. Isgsigg Succumbs to HeartTrouble.Mr.W illia Isgrigg died suddenly athis hoe onjthe Peacock pike near'thiscity vesterday morning about -fiveo'clock from an attack of hearttrouble, with which he has been a suff-f re than a vearand although ho has suffered more orless from his ailment, he was apparently in as good health as at any timesince his late illness.Mr. Isgrjgg, who was one of themost prominent farmers of Bourboncounty was aged 69 years. He wasborn in Bourbon on June 13. 1843, andwas the eldest'.of three sons of William and Letitia Isgrig. He was rearednn thu farm and all duine his life followed the agricultual pursuits from amost scientific point, with the resultthat he was "considered the modelfarmer of Bourbon county.Mr. Isgrigc was thrice married. InNovember 1868 he was united in marriage to Miss Lou C. Keid. daughterof the late Greenberry Reid, of Bomvbon. Two children were born to thisunion. His first wife died in 1873 andthree yearn later he,was married toMiss Carrie Childress, of Hutchison,who died several years later. Histhird wiie was Miss Bishop, of Bourbon, and she together with two children by his former marriages surviveonelson, Mr. Sweeney Isgrig and onedaughter,:Mrs. Lisle Jacoby, both ofwhom reside in this county.In 1873 Mr. Isgrig located on theplace where he resided at the time ofhis death. He was a descendant ofVirginia stock and a man of exceptional business ability, being extremely popular withSall whor.knewhim,'andhis sudden demise is a source of deeprecret to the scores of admiringfriends.The funeral services will be held athis late residence this afternoon at 4o'clock, conducted by Rev. W. E. Elli!s, pastor of the Paris Christiancnurch. The pall-bearers will be I3anIsgrig. Dr. Wm. Kenney, LawrenceVanhook, Bush Bishop, J. D. McClintock and Newton Mitchell.The interment will take place in thefamily lot in the Paris cemeterv.The Carpet and Rag Store.We have one of the largest stocks ofcarpets and rugs in the State. No oldnatterns. all the latest syles to selectfrom. Call in and let us save youmoney.J. T. IIINTON.Kig Cake Walk.Don't fail to see the biggest' cakewalk pver held in Kentucky at the colored fair at Paris. Fri lay, September20. $25 in cash prizes. tdNOTICE.City taxes for the year1912 are now in my handsfor collection at my office atthe Deposit Bank.C. K. THOMAS,26-tf City Collector.New Cottage Being Built.Contractor J. S Owen reports that hehas just closed a trade with Mrs. NoraBuckley for a handsome new six roomcottage to be built on Nineteenthstreet. Mr. Owen also reports that thefoundation is completed and work isprogressing uicely on Dan Mahaney'sseven room home onWinchester street.An Invitation.While visiting the fair come to ourstore for your fall footwear wants.We save you money.DAN COHEN.Ladies Read This.Miss Beitz who has given such satisfactionh in Paris in the past is at myplaco of business to wait on the ladiesof Bourbon. She is an expert in chiropoay; ud to the minute on hair dressing and a manicurist that can pleaseanyone. You are invited to call.x MRS. M. A. PATON.rowersOweSmokers and chewers flock to brandsthat they see the most people buying.40,000 steady users indirectly make 40,000 more. Get them for Strater Bros.'Branch Brands the brands that yougrow fort by using these brandsyourself.Tell Every FriendTell your friends of these brands. Tellthem what you know of the tobacco. Tellthem you grow it and smoke and chezuit yourself, so yoMknow. Tell them itcomes from Kentucky, from the centerof the richest Burley sections. Let themknow it's the cream of your crops andthat they can buy these brands .from'most any dealer, because dealers knowthat these brands are the best they canbuy.Burley grower should be Burley Boostersand the best way to boost is to BUY BurleyYOUR OWN BRANDS-YOURSELF.(2)High Cost oi Meat.The Live Stock Record sums up thehiah cost of meat as follows: "Theprincipal cause "f the high price of 'meat is the decided shortage of the .liv stock supplv ; it amounts to millions of animals, while consumers con-tinue to increase. This brings the problem down to the simple proposition of,'supply and demand,' and no amount ofabuse, heaped upon the packers fortak-'ing good urofits or upon farmers forsecuring good prices can be expected (to bring relief to the consumer, now or fn the future. Our observations and jmquuies lead us to the conclusion thatwe may look for an indefinite period ofhigh levels in 'meat Drices for the reason that the greatest bulk of live stockwhich the market demands must beDroduced on land worth $50 an acre and ,upward, because in the average range jsection it requires ten acres to supporta one thousand pound steer five;months: in some sections it requires itwenty, to thirty acres, and at the pres-'ent Drice of land in the range countryit is quite as cheap to pasture stock ongooa" farm land worth $100 an acre, and ,much cheaper, if fertility is such thatthe steer 'mav be maintained seven'months on an acre and a half." iNotice.All customers not having settledtheir July accounts are respect.vullyrequested to call and do so at once,Kespectfullv,6-t MISS JESSIE BROWN."Both Bad; Neither Good."County option as a means' of promoting temDerance was denouncedby the State Alliance of GermanSocieties, which closed its ninthannual convention at Layfavette, Ind.,Tuesday. The folllowing resolutionwas adopted:"We are forced to declare our appositionlagainst the orthodox.Kepublicanparty, as well as against its offspring,the new Progressive party. Of course,we have nothing to do with the National election, but as far as the electionof State and local officers in the Stateof Indiana is conecrned we most urgently ask the members of our organization to vote for more of the candidates of those parties and to do allchat lies in "their power to nringabout the defeat of both of them.'"At the Kentucky branch of theAmerican German Alilance in convention at Frankfort adorjted resolutionsdecaring that the United States Constitution guaranteed all men personalliberty, condeming laws and lawmakers who vote local option laws and urging the members of the organizationsto vote independently.The Best in The World.Read what this prominent farmersays of Laughlin's Cholera Remedy, j"I have n?ed Laughlin's Cholera;Remedy for several years for both ihogs and fowls and find it will do the iwork.'' Benj. Woodford, Paris. Ky.x Office on Bank Row, Paris, ivy.New Fall Goods.Large consignmsnts of carpets, rugsand furniture of every description aiearriving dailv at our store. See us before you buy and let us save youmoney. J. T. HINTON.Improved Mail Service.That the residents of the outlyingdistrict of the city who have not beenreceiving their mail bv the city carriers will be furnished with a serviceequal to that of any part of the city isshown by the announcement made tothis effect by Postmaster N. A. Moore,who by order of E. T. Eushnell, Acting First Assstant Postmaster General, will in a few days establish amounted carrier system to completethe service.All of the new additions in the cityof Paris will receive the benefits ofthe new service. Postmaster Moore hasfrequently reeived petitions from residents in many sections of the cityforacairier service and tne matter wastaken up with the department in Washington, resulting in the order beingissued.The rapid croth of the city of Pariscounted ith the increase in the city'snopulaion has made it impossible forthe present carrier system toe over allof the territory within the city limitsand to overcome this and give residentsin the outskirts a service the establishment of the mounted carrier as recommended to the postofnee department.There will be no increaae in the present force ot carriers in the city, one ofthe number now employed being assigned to the new route which is to beestablished within the next few days.His equipment will be similar to thatwhich is now being used by themounted mail carriers in larger citiesand will constitute a miniature postoffice on wheels, to which is driven ahorse and which is constructed in amanner to be easily mounted by thecarrier.The onlv provision set out in the or:der from the department is that eacliresidence along the route of themounted carrier be provided with asuitable receptacle in which to receivetheir mail and unless such mail box isprovided the'service'will not be extended. There is little doubt thateach resident will provide the necessary mail box from the number ofanxious requests that have been re-ce ved for the service by the local post-orhce officials.The districts to he served by themounted carrier are White Addition,Henry Addition, Nineteenth and Twentieth streets, Brent and Clifton -avenues.These additions have heretofore beenfreceiving their mail throughthe general deliveryjandfprivate poxesand the new service will prove a "greatconvenience to the residents in thosesections of the city.The city carrier service was put; intoeffect in Paris about eight years" ago,when three carriers employed madethe deliveries. Since that time, andkeeping abreast with the extension ofthe' city and increasing population thenumber of carriers has been increasedto four which gives Paris a mail dalivery service equal to any fourth classcity in the State and the addition otthe mounted carrier is calculated tbgreatly improve the service and convenience the patrons.The completion of the route for themounted carrier is expected in thenext few days and the new-service willgo into effect.The Associated Publisher's Co.v . Wants to Talk to You.Several-Days Ago We Asked You if You Had Seen aList of Our Stockholders.OpportvliveryHour,Associated. With Us at This Writing, andThere Will Be Many More, Are:FRANK TOLLE, JAMES PURDEN, Maysville Independent, Maysville, Ky.SWIFT CHAMP, Bourbon News, Paris, Ky.HARRY McCARTY, Jessamine Journal, Nicholasville, Ky.JOHN PULLIAM, D. W. HUTTON, Harrodsburg, Herald, Harrodsburg, Ky.W. O. McINTYRE, W. V. RICHARDSON, Danville Advocate, Danville; Ky.J. H. PICKELS, Kentucky Register, Richmond, Ky.COL. WOODSON MAY, R. L. BROWN, Somerset Journal, Somerset, Ky.SOMMERS BROS. & MARRIATT, The Elizabethtown News, Elizabethtown, Ky,H. C. CLAPPELL, Thousand Sticks, Middlesboro, Ky. 'LUCIEN BECKNER, CARL ROBBINS, The Sun Sentinel, Winchester, Ky. -J. A. BELL, Georgetown Times, Georgetown, Ky'.Write --DO ITMILLERSBURG ITEMS."Mr. J. G. Lynch 13 visiting relatives at Shelbyville.Miss Curlie Insko leaves today tobe gone during the" remainder of theFair. vMr. Clarence Ball, of Louisville, isthe guest of his parents, Squire andMrs.xA. C. Ball.I Miss'.Lucy Robertson left Wednesday for a visit to relatives at Parisand will take in the Bourbon l'air.Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cray and MissLyda Brown returned Tuesday after atwo weeks' sojourn at Swango Springs."Mrs. B. F. Goodman of "Pans, ar's a Bm Listofbig men who have madeosssbusiness by getting; into afoi thing like ours and its" get-tine:BSGGORCall at the Bourbon Newsoffice arid look it over. You willfind a friend there who knows us.Do Vota Knowthat we have had to get out asecond addition of our proposition? Do Vols Keitswthat magazine stock is the bestpaying and most universally successful investment on earth?DoYosj Knowthat we "have the best payingmagazine and publication proposition on earth?Do You Know aIVS o re ey Tree?We have one ask us about it orget a prospectus. The story istold there.THEN investigate yourself.Any point not clear, ask aquestion.We have had questions askedall kinds many times.No matter their nature, noquestion embarrasses us.Our list of conservativestockasked holders of Kentucky allquestions.We answered them totheirsatisfaction.Evidence the list at The Bourbon News office.When the opportunity presentsitself AN OPPORTUNITY SUCH ASOURS to not only make a mostpromising investment, and at thesame time, enter your name onthe list in giving support to anenterprise of tremendous educational value to the South andSouth-west, you would be negligent, inde.d, if you failed toinvestigate.You will, Won't You?We will not enter into financial details here.We recognize that our materialwelfare is the paramount.featurein this life.For further information address the Bourbon News, Paris.Ky., or The Associated Publishers Company, Provident BankBuilding, Cincinnati, 0.Inarived Thursday as the guest of herparents7Mr. and4Mrs. Jas. MoNamara.Mr. and Mrs. R. P. HoDper and little son, Richard, of Mayslick, will arrive today as guests of Mr. and Mrs.J. C. Leer.Mrs. P. L. Diramitt and daughter,Mrs. J. D. Calhoun, arrived home Monday night after a two weeks sojourn atSwango Springs.Mr. J. T. Adair has a position in theiDoultry division at the .Bourbon Fair.He will go to the State Fair at Louisville next week in the same capacity.fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas & Woodford.a11i,;h r; -OneJLOuInvestigateNOW!"Roxie" Daw"$!CIk Insurance HgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning : : : :: : : : :Biggest and JBest Pay.'nj Companies.Give OH "Nub" a GaB.2 Helios 127 ." lVIIPESi-a& -?rJ3THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1912TIKE BOURBON NEWS:emwnSfefrrkALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF CVERVTHir'GExParisian Dies.Mr. Chas. G. Snarks. son'of Mr. JohnW. and 'Julia Garrard'Sparks, formerlyof Bourbon county, died at r is home inMarshall, Mo.. Wednesday afternoon.Mr. Sparks was a nephew of Mrs. C.A. Daugherty, of Paris. Ihs funeralwill be held in Marshall, Mo., 'Friday.For The School Children.Slates, pens, pencils, tablets, ink,erasers and school tuppiies that are alittie cheauer than any other pace.30-St " T. LENIHAN.Newly Dressed Winters'Window.Killed by Internrban Car.Passengers on the eight p'ctock interurben car from Lexington thismorning told of tne accidental kiliinguf an unknown man near the cityilznits of Lexington, when the carbound fur Paris struck a spring wagonhe was diiving. The man was hurledseveral fee in the air btrikiirg theroad on his head, crushing his skullfiosn the effects of which he died almctt .nstsntly.GesiHandPainted China.painted plates at-uine hands each.25PERSONAL MENTION.. Mrs. Orie Howard, of Cynfhiana,is vihiting in ParisMiss Mary Fithian Hutehcrafb,visited in Lexington yesterday.Mrs. A. A. Barclay .is ill at herapartment in the Fordhaiu Hotel.Miss Louio Mrall, of Millersburg,is with Miss Marguerite Douglas torthe i air.Miss Mae Thomas, of Richmond,is the guest of Mrs. Homer Kiser forthe fair.Mis. Hoffman Wood, of Mt. Sterline, is the guest of her father, Mr. H.G. Whaley.Mrs. Sidney G. Clay is expectedto arrive home next week troin aEuropean tiip.Miss Anna Wilmoth. of Lexington,will airive Friday to visit her sister,Mrs. E. T. Hmton.j.Isrlisle, isAir. Chas.27-4 1.BUTLER'SOrposite Court house.Preserving Fears.Fine preserving pears this week.Phone us your order.SAUER'SOpposite Court House.xA Good Show.The Hyatt & Lenore Musical ComedyCo. have been playing to packed housesevery night during their engagementat the Grand. It speaks well for thecomnanv when everybody leavingjtheopera house states that they must notmis? a show given hy these artists.They carry a complete wardrobe foreach show. The company consists often peonle, mostly girls, and haveproven to be artisls in their line. Thisaggregation will have the boards atthe Grand the rest of the week.Carpets and Rugs.Come to the carpet aud rug Ptore ifyou want something nice at reasonship, -nri ee. Larcre stock to selectfrom. No shop-worn patterns, all new.x J. T. HINTOX.Improved Land.J. C. and S.'R. Ewalt will sell theirtrsct of 108 2crp5 of unimoroved landon the Ruddles Mills pike atauction onWednesday, September 11, 1912, at 2p. m. It will be sold in three tractsof 36 acres each. This is an idsal opportunity to secure a desirable smalltract of good land within five miles ofthe county seat. 6 10' Encouraging Prospects.The allotment of stock to Bourbonrountv of the Associated PublishersCo.. of Cincinnati, is daily decreasingin Pans, and after a few shares aresold in Millersburg the portion will beabout exhausted. Thomas G. Withersnoon. Jr., representative of the Company declares that business people ofParis have appreciated the merits orthe plans of the Publishing housn in averv exceptional manner, and thatstockholders here in the Company arediily becoming more enthusiastic overthe ultimate success of the organization. Two Tracts of Land.See Harris & Sneakes about theEwalt farm on the Ruddles Mills piketo be sold at auction on Wednesday,September 11. at 2 p. m. It contains108 acres and will be sold in threetracts. 6 10The Cand.y With Class.Martha Washington Candy. 50 ctntsper pound, good as any at twice theprice.BUTLER'S.x Opp. Court HouseSeptember Court ExtremelyBull.September court was extremely dullboth in point of attendance and thequantity of stock on the market. Thetusyseason reduced the crowd to aminimum, farmers being engaged ingetting their tcbacco under roof whichhad the effect of reducng the numberi i attpndance.The mule market was far below theaverage and not more than a dozen oftiis class of work stock were offered,most of which sold. Cay wood & McClntock sold two mules tn Jim Cumrni is for 240, one to Bruce Feebackfor $150: Thomason & McClintocksold tuo to Chas. Thompson for S415.Win, Mattox purchased a mule colt fcr$320 which was resold shortly afterwards for $130. .,.,While only about 200 head of feeding cattle were offered they met withroady sale at about an average of6 1-4 cents. Caywood & McCilntocksold to Frank M. Clay 60 head at 6 1-4cents ; J. W. Young 22 head at 6 1-4cents ; Thompson Tarr 26 head at 6 1-4cents. , . .Fully hve hundred head of sheenwere offered on the market the majorityof which changed hands at prices ranging from S4.50 to $5.50. At the -pensof M. J. Murphy & Go. the followingsateR were made : W. P. Treadway toT.H. Clay 30 hpad at S4.50; Bruc Yr ' ekP .eback to W. B. Mclntyre 50 head t for fair we!l$i.50; Mr.-Patton to W .H . Whaley 0head at $4.26. Caywood & McClintock sold to Julian Frank 55 head; JoeJaroby 25; O. P. Clay 25; B. F. Buckley 27; L. R.Penn 35; Wm. Pipher 70;E P, Clavbrok 40; John Wiggins 40:C. L. Kerns 35. The latter sales weremade at nrices frsrn $4.50 to $5 50 perbead.Mrs. E A. Thomas, ottha guest of her son,Tnomas, in thi city.Mr. Lewis Lummer, ct Flemingsburg is the guest ot Mr. and Mrs. C.C. Leer, of near Paris.Miss Lyda Keller, of Cynthiana. isthe guest of Mr. and Mrs. Kiser Smithand attending the fair.Mrs. Annie Forsythe, of Paris,Mo., is visiting her mother, vMrs.Wash Redmon in this county.Mr. Henry Nippert. of Chattsriootru, Tenn., is the guest ot nisfather, Mr. P. Ki apart.Miss Allie May. cf Paris, is aguest of Miss Evelvn Eastland at Coldsprings, m iJoyle countv.Mr. and Mrs. Rhodes Smith havereturned from their bridal trip to Niagara Falls and the East.Miss Alice Brooks Bridwell, daughter of Mrs. Stella Bridwell. who hasbeen critically ill, is improving.Mrs. Luther Black and daughter,Miss Katherine, ot oheioyville, aicthe guests of Mr. Harry Stamler.Prof. W. L. Yerkes, of Paris, hasreturned from a visit to his sister,Mrs. John M. Vanmeter, in Danv'lle.IMrs. Robert Palmer and Miss LucyLar.gstor. of St. Louis, Mo., are guestsof tiieir mother, Mrs. Robert Langsfon. Mr. Harding Woodall. of Covington, will be the guest of his aunt.Mrs. Belie Alexander, Friday and Saturday, vMiss Celeste Lucas, librarian ofth.2 Paris Public Libiary, is ill inCynthiana, where she is spending hervacation.Mrs. George Whittaker and MissMattie Wheeler, of Cynthiana, areguests of Mr. and Mrs.E . M . Dicksonand attending the fair.Mr. and Mr?. Joseph Hendricks,of Fleming-burg, and Mr. and Mrs.R. M. Prichitt, of Lexington, will bethe guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.Sharrard Thursday and Friday for thefair.Among the visitors from Georgetown, who are attending the fair tcdayare Mr. and Mrs. Dan McMilaln andtwo daughters, Mr. Fred Trumbo andfamily, .1. B. Stewart, Carey and RobtWard; G. M. Herrington and Ev.erettGray.Messrs. C. K. Thomas.O L.. DavisG .S . Vanien and John Yerkes leaveSaturday morning in Mr. Thomas' automobile for Detroit, Mich. Messrs.Thomas and Davis will attend themeeting of the American Bankers'Assoication at Dptroit and Messrs.Yerkes and Varden will visit the factory of the Buick Automobile Co., atFlint, Mich Returning the party willgo by steamer to Kualffo, from wherethey will motor through Pennsylvaniaand' West Virignia back to Kentucky.Dr. Richard T. Clark, of Paris, whoeraduattd-in May from the Ohio JJenjtal Colleee in Cincinnati, has completed arrangements for quarters andwill open a dental office in Nicholasville at once. vDr. Clark is a son of Mrs. KateClark, of Paris, and of the late Mr.John T. Claik, who was a well knownfarmer and honeman of Bomboncountv. He is a model young "manand thoroughly reliable, a. id has manyrelations and trst'iias in Kcurbon whopredict for him a bright and successful future.As a courtesy to Mi?s EilazbethBrown, and her uuest, Miss MarvAdams Lincoln, of Louisville, Mrs.Thornwell TadlocK gave a well appointed morning at cards on Wednesday. Five Hundred was the game ofthe morning and the successful playerswere Miss Marian Alexander andGeorge Whits Fithian. The gifts werea silver coin purse and a pearl handlenocket knife. Bouquets of garden flowers were used in Ihs house decoration.About noon Mrs. Tadlock passed a delicious ice course to the followingyoung people: Misses Alice RogersClay, Elizabeth Alexander, Anna Wilson, MarianfAlexander, Eliazbeth Renick, Mary Adams Lincoln. Louisville,Elizabeth Urown, Catherine Weathers.ClintonviIIe; Messrs. Edgar Vansant,Joseph Davis, Thomas Prichard, JohnStuart, Felix Renick. Winchester,George Fithian, Cassius Clay, RenickSmith, Dallas, Texas. Mrs. Tadlockwas assisted by her sister, Miss Weathers and Mesdames Brown and Allen.Incorporate New Bank.Articles of incorporation of the People's Bank of Paris were filed inFrankfort yesterday with a capitalsto(k of SoOOOO. The incorporatorsnamed in the article were Dr. D. S.Henry, Dr. William Kenney&Dr. F. P.Campbell. Silas BedfordVand John W.Wilder, of this city, and John F. Barbee, of Millersburg.The inenrnoration of the new concern is the result ofan active canvasthat has been conducted during theDPst month securing subscriptions .torstock in the new enterprise. . "$.emovement was launched by those mentioned in the incorporatng aritcles andin the past few days the demand forstock has greatly txceeded all expectatons of the promoters.At a meeting held Saturday afternoon it was decided to select Mr. Silas,Bedfoid, who for a number of vearshas been idenitfied with the BourbonBank in this city in various capacities ascashier and the offer which was presented bv the promoters ot the newbank was accepted. A meeting of thestockholders will be held on September 14 at which the directors and officers will be selectedMr. Bedford, who wU be identifiedwith the institution is one ol the mostpopular men in the county and wellknown throughout the State as a banker of no small abiltiv. His selectionis well merited and he will addstrength to tre new bank. Severalotheis are mentioned for the otherpositions which will be filled at themeeting of the directors followingtheir selection at tho meeting of thestockholders.The exact location fur the bank hasnot been determined although severalare befne ronsidered.Nothing in It.A report was sent out from Frankfort that Attorney J.Floyd Byrd wouldmake the race for Congress in the Seventh District against, Congressman J.Campbell Cantrill. The report had"not the slightest foundation in fact.He says: "I am a Progressive, but aWoodrow Wilson Progressive and decidedly not a Bull Moossr. I have always afiliated with the Democraticparty and am not in politics at pres-.ent."Home Grown Melons.Home-grown watermolons and canteloupes on ice. Fine Stock.SAUER'Sx Opp. Court House.Cut Glass.All the latest cuts and designs. Reasonable in price.BUTLER'S.27-4t. Opposite Court HouseWfipiiPiQW. Ed. TuckeramSummer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly RedkicSpecial Prices On Rags.We offer tho following special priceson rugs this week:Special 9x12 Axminister rugs onlyS16.50.Special 9x12 Brussell rugs only512.75.These are certainly bargains.x A F. WHEELER & CO.Read This Testimonial.Read what this farmer has to savabout ouchog remedy:"This is to certify that I have usedLauchlin's Hog Remsdv for ten yearsand heartily recommend it as being thebest for choleia, and as a preventativeand tonic advice all farmers to use it."S. E. BEDFORD, Paris. Ky.-"Call at our office on Bank Row, andwe have hundreds of other testimonialsto show vou.LAUGH LIN HOG REMEDY CO.Fire Marshal Serves NoticeHere.Bthe order of the State Fire Marshal. Henry Bosworth, of Frank tort,notices are being served on forty-fivebtisness men of the ciiy of Parsi, toclean their premises of all inflammable matter likely to communicate fire.The order is intended as a safeguardagainst fire, and will be rigidly enforced.eel Prices. " , .in n i ii in 1 1 inn in i ii ii nun in i nS$1E3 S"3..9IBiiiii niiii i nun i in in i tTTTTmrnKodakiti" Ja fat tth3 SO up, mBROWNIE 15?C5 EPftoSS CASHCIAUkodak:CAMERAS(ASrrzsGSfc Eod!sks)$1.0.0 to $12.00.NewxArriving Daily.Fall Footwear arriving daily afcFELD'S SHOE STORE.InsureIVIcClureT. Phone72.your tobacco with& Clendenin. E.235. Home Phone!'JmIOil B10 -lbs. GranuIatedSugar 1 .OO8 boxes Searchlight Matches, (3 boxes 10c) 25c8 bars Lenox Soap -. 25cRoyal Baking Powder, 25c size, this week only . .20cStone's Silver Slice and Country Club Cakes.. 1 0-1 5c25 lb. sack Eldean Flour SOc12 lb. sack Eldean Flour .- 45cParowax, for sealing - .15cMason qt. Jars 60cMason pt. Jars 45cChase & Sanbonrs "Orange Pekoe' Tea, a can.. SOcBonita Tea, 1-2 lb. tins 35c"IP ' f1reesuroceryCo.Best On Earth.While in town visiting the fair buyyour fall shoes. Bufc don't purchaceuntil you have seen my stock. Wesell the old reliable Hanan and kettleton brands, the bestshoes in the world.x GEO. McWILLiAMS.See Roxie Daviskinds of Insurance.for aliimmg RoomFall Styles See Winters'Window.To Develop Oil and Gas PropertyMachinery is being placed on theground for The development of the Iground about Moorefield, Nicholas Iconntv, for oil and gap. The compans' iof citizens which has been iormed, and;which has leased a large bodv of land, jwill have a targe number of wellsdrilled in the hope of finding oil andga3 in paying quantities. Considerable oil has already been found there.Specialz.r'IWKK,,fflSSSXlA TRUSTDEPARTMENT?The Cindy Wi h Class.Martha Washington Candy, 50 centsper'pound.Igood es any at twice theprice.v . SUTLER'S.27-4t Opp. Court House.Good Suggestions.Read Lenihan's advertisementDage 1 of this issue for suggestionsgood things to eat. Lots ofonofspecials30-3t.Quick Lunch.For the quickest and best unch to behad in Paris call on us. Souds, steaksoysters, chops, sandwiches and everything on the market that is good -,tofZ ' J: E. CRAVErt JRealizing the advantages ofhaving a corporation to act asAdministrator of Estates, alsoin management of property asGuardian or Trustee,The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.with a Capital Stock of $100,000and Earned Surplus of $50,000,organized in 1887, having had inthat time the experience necessary in conducting a Trust Company, Therefore,Bourbon Bank 4 Trust Co.,Paris, Ky.Iras a Trust Department andSolicits Your Business.laaaaaaMiaBaHial?rSix Oak Dining Room Chairs,Genuine Leather SeatOne American Quartered DiningTable, 6 ft. Long When ExtendedOne American Quartered ChinaCabinet, Large and RoomyOne American Quartered Buffet5 ft. Wide Large Mirrorm!i J&lmtvfNP.:-ar?iSee Window For These PeicesJ T. HIINTOIN.x1vt..-3 -- .temVrjB,J;il y- t"?" 1.THE BOURBON NEWS, PAI&S, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1912ALSO AT ARMAGEDDON.HERE'STHEHOGmatfmnfmfffffmfisPriniinft.IX tDOES YOUR SOIL NEED LIME?'- 1Jrarm andI iJobi'lS5hLhhHfR&t.s'5VBOURBON REMEDY CO.,Lexington, Ky.7 Enclosed find photo o hog: that was cured ofcholera "with your Bourbon Hoc: Cholera Remedy. This hog: was almost dead before using:the medicine, and then was entirely cured, except loss of ears, tail, etc. The hog: Is owned byMr. Skiles Ewing:, of Bowline Green, Ky. Hewill be elad to give you a testimonial, and wecaa Bet several more if you want them.r JENKINS-SUBLETT DRUG CO.,Bowling: Green, Ky.Ask Your Druggist for It.For Sale dy W. T.f Brooks.Almost Lost His Life.' fS. A. Stid, of Mason, Mich., willnever forget his terrible exposure to amerciless storm. "It gave me a dreadful cold," hewrites."that caused severe rjains in" my chest, so that it washard for me to breathe. A neighborgave me several dose5 of Dr. King'sNew Discovery which brought greatrelief. The doctor said I was on theverge of pneumonia, but lo continuewith the Discoverv. I did so and twobottles completely cured me." Useonly this quick, safe, reliable medicinefor coughs, colds or any throat or lungtrouble. Price 50c and 1.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, SEPIEMBERft 1912,Pare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train" leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on or"writeW. H. HARRIS, Agent.or J. K. SMITH, T. A.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOikYOU CAN BE CURED BYMEN- C-i- C-"v oi-r 15New York World.ROLLA WELLS ISEARLY ON THE JOBDemocratic National TreasurerIs After Small Contributor.THE PEOPLE TO HELP.DE. 0. L. DOLLE."Wliy Tako Treatment That Is Doing TonJT Good, Vhn a 1V Days under the careC Dr. Dolle "Will .show You How JBasy ItIs to Curo TZiese Dibexiheg V1ien tlio ProperTreatment Is Administvred.Have you treated for months pnd years, and"been disappo ured um:l you think that you cannot be cured You, no aoubt, all this time havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors who hadneither sulhient knowledge nor experience toinow how to ture you.Theso stro the diseases of whiclr I havecured, ho many, justly piving me the reputatioa for cures of i likh lambo proud.I Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewdays cure all rash, spots and every sign andsymptom. Mr t-eatraiMt gets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure blood diseases and skin disease, so.they e m not come back.Varicocele, causing nching or pain ingroin or back, liervousness, "Weakness,Xioss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionKy one-treatment cure is what you shouldhave and what ou will have to have" to be curedTight. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you sutler no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few daysIfcrvous Troubles, Lost VitalityKy combined treatment for those troubles foCGmon,&morn: those who have become weak and"woraout, who have caused it by foliy, difMpationsd excesses, is remarkably god. J6 one believeshow quickly it benefits ur.til they hae taken it.It overcomes weakness, nervousness, pnin inback, lack of energy, ambition and btreugth it'sjust the treatment I have found so effective intreating such discjues.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare pcicntifieally cured by me My methods Immediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists whofelled.PiffK: Picffticif I can cure you soXlIGb, r"ILUIcte iday and easilythat y will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you arc looking for without& surgioal operation.Acilfe Hi cpacpc Itching, BurningAtULC LFledbeS strong drug storeremedies seldom cure. My treatment stops everyijmpWfi and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat'sthe only sure way to be cured so it willot cefete backTea can take my Treatment without neataad pay ine after leure you. I knowthat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you hack to health and happiness. Iknow that every roan will pay after I have eliminated every trace of disease from his system.Microscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.Thve writeen a book that ought to be in thehndc of every sunering man in thi country. Iwill sead you & copy, free, if you will write me atoaoc the disease for which you desire treatement,Hous, 9 to 4: Snndays to 1 p. m. Evenings,Wtmt.tm. Monday .Wednetdav and Saturdav nights,C. L. DOLLE, M. D.. Owe Columbia Theater 52S Valaut St, betweenI Mfch and Sixth Streets. '' pftcefrtetad.&allth&tineeMry is toa Mr th OoAwAbia Theater, sod any one eaa,ttl J9V. tbl.There Is to Be No "Tainted Money"Used In Electing Wilson and Marshall. New York. A small, smooth shaved,middle agedman with a coat of tanthat gave evidence of much outdoorlife recently came Into the Waldorfcarrying a suit case early in the afternoon and registered as "Rolla Wells,St. Louis, Mo."The smooth shaved little man, whois to be the watchdog of the Wilsoncampaign money from now on. wasasked for vital statistics, whereuponit was learned at first hand that he Isa banker and ex-mayor of St. Louis.Is fifty-six years old, was graduated atPriuceton in 1S7G, or three years be-Lrfore Governor Wilson was graduated;that he has two sons who are Princeton men and a grandson who someday will be a Princeton man; that hebad no notion of seeing New Yorkthis summer until the Wilson organization selected him as its treasurerand that just at present the one thingthat sticks out In the appointment inhis mind is that the new job cut in seriously ppon a most beautiful vacationwhich he and Mrs. Wells had been enjoying in a camp at Little Traversebay, Michigan.Mr. Wells believes in getting at hisdesk at S o'clock in the morning."We are going to raise our campaignfund through the small contributions,"said Mr. Wells."1 am sure that a large part of themoney will be raised by popular sub-I scription."The people have confidence inI Wood row Wilson, and they will givewhat they can of their means to elect. fcueh a man president.I "1 am a great believer in publishingI broadcast, before and after election.the various contributions made."There are men who can well affordtp give the committee $3,000, but 1want to assure the public that we arenot going to have any tainted money."We are appealing to the people, andwe are relying on them to help electj Wilson and Marshall,j "I have two boys who have been; graduated from Princeton, one fiveyears ago and one seven. But it is uot1 because ours is a Princeton family thatI like Governor Wilson. He is a greatbig man and the type that we shouldhave in public life."Woodrow Wilson says this is not atime to be afraid to "speak out In meeting" That he was not afraid is dem-j onstrated by li's logical speech In accepting the Democratic nomination.J Roosevelt was willing to crawl fromj the White House to the capitol in 1008' If he could help his friend Root, Toi day he would like nothing better thani meeting Root up a dark alley.The Democrats are depending on thesmall contributor to help elect Wilson and Marshall. The appeal is beingmade to the people, and the people areresponding.Wilson will make the most accessiblepresident who has ever occupied theWhite House. He is typically a Dem-ocratic man.Farmers have awakened to the follyof the so called blessings ,of a protective tariff, ' 'U,; ""her domestic duties alone. She wantsto do her share in problems of the political arid business world. Mrs. Marshall is said to have discussed In detail with her husband his action onthe Baltimore convention, and when itwas seeu that Marshall was the manwho was going to go on the ticketwith Wilson he wanted to know whathis wife thought about it"It won't be any harder than beingGovernor of Indiana, and If the partythinks you are the man it only agreeswith my opinion." she said, and thatsettled the matter with Governor Marshall. Mrs. Marshall had the honor of being the first woman in Indiana to holdan office. She was appointed countyclerk of Steuben county by her fatherand held that office for a number ofyears.When Governor Marshall and hiswife were about to be married she decided that her last official act of theoffice would be to make out the marriage license. Governor Marshall accompanied his wife to the countyclerk's office and watched her withcare as she noted the records in thebig book and filled out the license andwatched her as she carefully siguedher father's name, with her own asdeputy.Mrs. Marshall, having blotted theInk. said, "Now we can go.""Not yet." laughed Governor Marshall. "Why, we are all fixed," explainedMrs. Marshall, pointing to the licensa"Yes, but I have to pay for It," replied the governor. "It's all right foryou to ma':e it out, but it's up to meto pay the fee." And be did.Mrs. Marshall is a keen student and,naving established the practice of going with her husband ouall his trips,be they short or long, they make it apoint to carry along some book.Mrs Marshall is as much of a humanitarian as the governor. A glanceat some of the bills that have beenpassed by the 1911 Indiana legislaturegives an insight into the governor;To curtail child labor.To regulate sale of cold storage products. To require hygienic school housesand medical examination of children.To prevent blindness at birth.To regulate sale of cocaine andother drugs.To provide free treatment for hydrophobia. To establish public playgrounds.To Improve pure food laws.To protect agaiusfloan sharks.To provide police court matrons.To prevent traffic in white slaves.To permit night schools.To require medical supplies as partof a train equipmentGovernor Marshall has also playedan active part in providing for protection of labor, as is exampled by thefollowing acts:To create a bureau of inspectionfor workshops, factories, mines andboilers.To -establish free employment agencies. To require full train crews.To require safety devices on switchengines. 'To require efficient headlights onengines.To require standard cabooses.To provide weekly wage, tc.And Governor Marshall has conHUlted with his "partner" on all thesebills. He is quoted as saying a manian't go far wrong in taking the adviceof a wife if she is his partner as wellns his wife.Best Way to Find Out Is to Make Testby Means of Clover.'Lime, considered as the source of theelement calcium, is one of the ten absolutely essential plant foods. As suchit is required in only small amounts, jand it is probable that nearly all soils (contain enough to satisfy the directneeds of the plant, says a circular of jthe Perdue university, Indiana, agri- icultural experiment station. iThe one best way to tell whether or jnot the soil needs lime is to try it and ,see, and the place to try it is on the Jclover crop. A good plan is to apply !ground limestone at the rate of two .tons per acre and harrow in before tsowing wheat, and in the spring sowclover as usual. The clover may fail !because of shortage of plant food or jbad physical condition of the soil even jon the limed land, so it is best to use alight application of manure in connec-iCLOVER HEAPS AT TENNESSEE EXPERIMENTSTATION.Larger heap shows clover grown on limedsoil; smaller, clover grown on unllmedsoil. V,tion with the lime on a part of thelimed strip. In case there is a stand ofclover on both limed and unlimed land,the two areas should be harvested andweighed separately to determine whether or not the lime has made sufficientgain to justify its use.Acids turn blue litmus paper red, andthis test has been recommended forsoil acidity, but we do not regard it asentirely satisfactory. However, for theInformation of those who may wish totry it, we give the following directions:Place a strip of blue litmus paper between two wider strips of filter paper,break open a moist clod, place one endof the strips of paper in the fractureand press the clod firmly together. Inabout ten minutes remove the litmuspaper and pin it up to dry by the endwhich was left out of the soil. Achange to pink or red which lasts afterthe paper is dry indicates acid. Do nothandle the end of the paper used fortesting or allow anything to touch itRepeat the test with different samples,and if doubtful test the subsoil, whichis generally more acid than the surfacesoil. Blue litmus paper and filter paper can be bought at any drug store.ickickickickickicklckickickickicickickGOOD ADVICE.Jock, when ye hae naethingelse to do ye may be aye sticking in a tree: it will be growing..Took, when ye're sleeping. From"The Heart of Midlothian." bySir 'Walter Scott.it-k-k-klckirkickirlrkirkivCash From Waste.As soon as possible after the smallgrain is harvested turn the stock intothe fields to glean the waste grain andclean up the fence rows. A part ofthe money the land has produced stillremains in the field after the grainhas been harvested and removed. Animals can make available cash out ofthe waste crops.Get It on the Land.There is no month in the year whenmanure cannot be hauled and scattered on the fields to advantage. It isbetter Wi the land than in the stablesi and lots.With the Feathered Folk.Hrfving exhausted his supply of adjectives In denouncing Taft. Rooseveltis now leading a campaign of denunciation of every one who does notagree with himself.Farmers have pulled against theshort end of the yoke long enoughWilson and Marshall promise to seethat the pulling Is made more nearlyeven.Wonder how the colonel likes beingan .outcast? - !Lack of grit, overfeeding and 4dle. ness cause liver trouble.When alfalfa or clover hay is storedin the barn it will be easy to gathera quantity of the leaves that shatteroff, and these are prime feed for allclasses of poultry.Dry feed has no place in the duckdiet. Four parts wheat bran, one partcornmeal and enough low grade flouradded to bind the mass without making it pasty, about 5 per cent sharpgrit moistened with just enough water to be crumbly, is a good ration.After the first few days a little soakedheef scrap may be added, though notnecessary if the feed is moistened withmilk.Scaly legs in fowls are caused by amit which finds its way under thescale and causes the legs to becomediseased, rough and painful. Thesemites cannot survive grease or oil.The remedy is the application of either. Kerosene will have the effect of'destroying the natural color of ,theMegs. The use of lard, meat f ryings orvaseline .will, do kthe wo'rk. Kansas'Farmer.WORK DONE'vWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;ralUheap Work Bone Ooocl!:-v .srir2"TSA'S'sIW 1.' -,TRE J9B ReOfflS OF' . ' ' THEBHR3NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.ff?'7 ? yVLet us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price jobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is new and modernfaces.Cbe Bourbon Hews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and' madeknown on application.fciiiiWiWiUarti-.fTHKH.r 1XHK. 1 , 3E.T" I E.W1DE.R 9; IV!UU1US UCUIJ & UJ.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.If it comes from Henry's it's all right,because they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a"sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.LCURTIS HENRY . COCor. 1 4th and MainMUDepartment Store Cor. 7th and MainfvIk-iIIrail -rCl "T S'iCtVw.woON-RLISTBSPECIALPries This Weekxira FneROYAL GQRSEAll Sizes .All Lengths 98cCall in andExamine Them.When a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat the Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from wishes and soot? 'Keto Perecticm.Oil Cook-stoveThis Stove ,saves Time 'It saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMade with t , 2 and 3 burners, vrith long, enameled, turquoise-bluechimneys. Handsomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-burner stovescan be had with or without acabinet top, which is fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etcAll dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CookBook with every stove. CookBookalso given to anyonesending 5 cents to cover mailing cost. ""With the New Perfection Oven. the New PerfectionStove is the most complete cooking device on the market.T u imt as otnek and hanoV. too. for washing and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky)CoringtoB, Ky.j Lonkrille. Ky4 Atlanta, Gau; Birmingham, Ala.; and Jacfaosvffle, FU.MADE UP0F MIXED P.ACESSimilarity Between French and Amer-.lean Nations Is Accounted For 'nThat Way.JA notable French visitor speaks vith 'surprise of the many points of shnilar- r.Ity between the French people and tneAmericans.He is merely making the obverse ofa discovery which has puzzled many.thousands of American travelers. The1 French and American peoples, with alltheir manifest differences, are oddlyUke each other in many ways.Perhaps the explanation lies in thefact that both peoples are compounded of many and distinct races, fusedtogether in a single nationality.The mixture of races which hasgone on in America is known to all.But an American is prone to forgetthat a similar mixture has been inprogress for a much longer time inFrance. .Three great races, Teutonic, Celticland -Latin, are represented today inthe population of France.Twenty nationalities have fused tomake the French nationality. A dozentribes of Gauls, the Rom'ans, Franks,Burgundians, Normans, and others literally too numerous to mention, havebeen mixed and melted together toform France.Similar mixtures produce similar results. That would appear to be theformula for the resemblances betweenFrance and America.1 Marking on Wood.If anyone in your home has a pyrograph outfit, use it for marking yourboy's hockey sticks, baseball bats, tennis rackets and all such wooden'things. Printed names can wear orbe scratched off, but when burned indeeply the identification is there tostay.NOTICE.PRESUMABLY HARD TO FINDIf ActionsManGo for Anything, YoungIs Still Looking forThat Envelope.This happened in a crowded subwayexpress train the other night.An old man boarded the train at theFourteenth street station and clung toa vstrap in front of a young womanwho was seated. As none of the menshowed a disposition to let the oldman sit down, the young womanarose and ofered her seat to him.Before he could sit down a youngerman slid -into the vacant seat. Theyoung woman was confused, but onlyfor a minute. She leaned down slightly and said to the man in the seat:"You dropped an envelope on theplatform, sir."The man jumped up and elbowedhis way to the platform. Half a minute's search failed to reveal the supposed envelope. The man-returned towhere the young woman was standingand said:"Say, lady, where is that envelope.I can't find it out there?""That envelope," replied the youngwoman, "is in the same place yourmanners are."The young man understood and faded from view. The old man got theseat, "while the people in the vicinitylooked, listened and laughed NewYom Times.I have just secured a new barberfrom Chicago and am prepared to givethe public first class service. Give mea call. Shop is equipped with electricfans to keep you cool. Three firstclass barbers. My bath tuba are alwavs"ready. aug2tf BUCK FREEMAN.KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Arsenic Mst Frequently Used.Arsenic has, perhaps, been morefrequently used than any other poisonfor criminal purposes." It has beenproved identical with the "wonderfulelixir" of the seventeenth century,when secret poisoning became sotfrequent in Italy that the clergy, despite the rules of the confessional, acquainted Pope Alexander VIL in 1648"with the extent of the practice.jRnnie LangbomManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents. 'Work done promptly and safcisfacMottguaranteed.aug!6fcfEast Tenn. Phoe 6$$tAx&affifefwKrsi HamiEggai i mm wBa wiWBSO D AYS 9kParisLexington FrankfortDivision.iIPARIS, KENTUCKY.y mm i wrGerman Cures.In Germany one finds all kinds ofcures. Every enterprising town hasone. Often the cure house is the finest public building in the city. A German talks of going to his cure as anAmerican of going to his vacation.There are milk cures and mud cures,wind cures and water cures, mountaincures and surf cures; but my choiceis the forest cure.Not only does it best please mypersonal taste but I notice that it getsthe most serious cases those whereradical and heroic cures are v needed.First of all there are the tuberculosispatients strewn about on their cotsunder the pungent shades of the BlackForest as about Dr. Trudeau's camp inthe Adirondacks. "Then there are the devotees of indigestion and the nervous wrecks, bilious, alcoholic and society wrecks,drug fiends, bridge fiends and everybody; that is everybody who canspend the time and money to comehither for the forest cure. Naturallyin Germany, as in America, folks whohave to work and support familiescannot afford to be cured. They can'teven afford the disease in the Mrstplace. Woman's Home Companion.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort e"ery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m..and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles,Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles "for Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour f rom 6 :15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankforteverv 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. m. until 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m., and 10:30 p . in., thelast car going only as far as Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leuve Georgetown for Lexing'ton and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10;05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington' every fifteen minutes after the hourfrom 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p. m. and a10:15 pm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfcZPUJkiii 99 10,v . .1 Sff--...SEPTEMBER.11,12, 13,14,1AT THE.I 4M8wURAL PREMIUMS OFFEREDDaily Races Free Attractions Clean Midway1 LIBERATFS BAND 151 v ' IFarmer Bcja School Zncarr.pmer.t REDUCED KAILROAO RATES Ii For Information, Entry Blanks. Catalogue, Address mflk J. l. DENT, SECY. 4VAU 320 PAUL JONES BUILDING LOUISVILLE. KY lljMwwnmwwio- i wmfk'ftftBourbon Laundry fDAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. ' West 5 StreetWe Take Pleasure.in oing up the finest shirtwaists or anything in thelaundry line. That is whaymade ihe Bourbon Laundrtfamous f o fine work and itdever goes heck on its reputation. If you are particularabout how your linen islaundered, your custom is thekind we want as we like toappreciatee.Bourbon Laundry ,Paris, Kentucky.ASIII4i'S'-Annoying Honesty.Having vouched for the honesty ofthe woman who wished a situation asscrubwoman, the good-natured manwas subjected to a severe examination by the superintendent of thebuilding."There are degrees of honesty," saidthe superintendent. "How honest isshe?" - 'The good-natured man reflected."Well," he said, "I'll tell you. She isso honest that if you throw anythingthat looks to be worth a copper intothe waste paper basket you have totag it 'Destroy this' or she will fish itout and 'put it back on your desknight after night, no matter how badly you want to get rid of it. I don'tknow that I can say anything more.""Nothing mora is necessary," saidthe superintendent, and "he hired thewoman at once.&fee&&a&W'r::2 tf AtiSk2ik!&&&!2! Mv r-MESi&ginjja4S-I NJI II 1: I! tt -J? Ar sKifir .-rfTPilirf" ' . .y-Sjzg&P AxitxrioJ32m (MpsFLANDERSn xrUM.tBM-FzDo Modefsi iSong Bird as "A Noisy Animal."William Smith of Upper Hollowaywas summoned to the North Londonpolice court a few days ago for "keeping a noisy animal" to the annoyanceof his neighbors.It appears that Smith owns an illregulated thrush which starts singingevery morning at 3:30 o'clock. Smithweakly pleaded that it was a lovelysongster with a nice mellow note.In order to escape inflexible Englishjustice he had to promise to bottle itup in a back room every morning untila respectable hour or the awakeningof the neighborhood.You Want the Best- Not the CheapestFlanders "20" Roadster, $750Don't be alarmed if somebody tells you you can buy an automobilefor less money than the $750 Studebaker-Flanders "20." You can, butyou better not. The Flanders "20" corresponds point by point with thebest and highest priced cars sold. Cheaper cars at every vital point arebuilt on ideas long ago discarded for good cars. Don't take our word forit. Make comparisons and see.The Studebaker-Flanders "20" is a marel a high grade modern carat a low price. If you pay less you buy much less. And thecheaper cartoday will cost you far more in the long run. The competing car isn'tsold which the Studebaker Corporation, the greatest automobile manufacturers in the world, couldn't reproduce for less money; but we won'tbuild' a cheap car, because the name "Studebaker' means the best foryour money.If you are content with a car that runs today and dies tomorrow,don't buy the $750 Flanders "20." It will wear for years. Rememberthis the Studebaker-Flanders "20" will outwear 2 to 1 any other car.under $1100 and give you double satisfaction, confidence and comfortinto the bargain.Vc can preve it Send fcr nezv catalogue" The Studebaker Corporation'Detroit. Mich. 'Bourbon Garage &Snpply Company.':e8 umtj3P ' tjtjfoKf iK iT-tfiC?-.4r?- v " .7. "IT"if i. ,,.' .- -; t A 'T.BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1912IPhNVirft!irfrt.n:Uvll'IrUJj' ' " " " , r tii mmmmmmmm9GEO. W.tUNCKAL DlKCtlUK AND UlftWaED ClBALfflM.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; IrtGHT 899.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmwm mmmm mmmwmr4fthe 'Borne of Correct Tootwear'fiiiimrnerJThe Last And!I Final Cut ; iM On All 1And Oxfords.The season for us is drawingfast to a close and the Large Shipments of Fall Footwear now arriving necessiates a quick clearanceof all Summer, Footwear. Ourorders are to clear the shelves ofall Summer Goods. We will notcarry over any oxfords into nextseason.We haveGet MereiB m. WTfc. &F .k "W TF" mm P T S- mm'iXm.Mfa m m U IJPb a Amr mi-Mr mr mm m m ly I mm-fcIJ?lUKKU W ,B rtar-SaturdayWithout fail as these low priceswill cause great joy to those appreciating good Footwear and thevalue of money.All Ladies' White Canvas and Nu - BuckShoes and Pumps nowbelow Cost.Get yours whilehave the size.DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.fDAVIS1snocs-markedt fdown every shoein the house toprices that mustsell themquick.Not a PairEscaped.mIweI(Continued From Page 1) ,LONG WOOL SHEEP. " ,Buck, 2 years old and over, E. M.Shrout, Georgetown, iirst.Buck, 1 year old and over 2 J. L.Hoffman, Muir, Ky.Buck, under 1 year 0. B. Lloyd.Hutchison.Ewes, 2 years and over 0. B. Lloyd,Hutchison, first.Ewe, 1 year and under 2 J. L.Hoffman, Muir, first.Ewe, under 1 year,-rO. B. Lloyd,first, second and third.Pair lambs, buck and ewe 0. B.Lloyd, Hutchison.DOWN SHEEP.BuckJJ years old and over E. M.Schraute, Georgetown, first and second. Buck, 1 year and under 2 E. E.Wood; first.Buck, under 1 year old - Thompson& Haley. Paris.Ewe, two years old and over E. E.Wood. Muir. -Ewe, 1 year and under two E. M.Schraute, first.Ewe, under lyear E M. Schraute,first.Pure Lambs, buck and ewe E. M.Schraute, fust.SWEEPSTAKE.Long-wool buck, E. M. Shraute,first.Long Ewe 0. B. Lloyd, first.Jt'own buck E. M. Schraute, first.Best Down Ewe - E. M. Schraute,first.Second Day.Breeders' Young HerdConsisting of one bull under 2 yearsold, two heifers 1 year old and under 2years old, and two heifers under 1 yearold, all except the bull to be bred by theexhibitor.Felix Renick, Winchester, 1st.Tour Calves, get of one bull.Felix Renick, Winchester, 1st.Two Calves, produce of one cow.Felix Renick, Winchester, 1st.Beef CattleSteer, 2 vears old and under 3.W. L. Marr, Paris, 1st.Steer, 1 year old and under 2.Felix Renick, Winchester, 1st.Steer Caif.Felix Renick, Winchester, 1st.Butcher Steer.Felix Renick, Winchester, 1st.Fine Harness HorsesStallion, 4 years old and over.Allie Jones, 1st, Richeleu King, oneentry.Stallion, 3 vears old and under 4.C. R. Scott, Sherinad, 1st. H. A.Powers, Paris, 2nd.Stallion, 2 years old and under 3.Allie Jones, 1st. R. II. Boardman, 2nd.Stallion, 1 years old and under 2.Matlack and Shopshire, 1st. Iyea Cravan 2nd.Stallion Coit, under 1 vear old.Frank Collins, 1st C. B. Cox, Elizabeth, 2nd.Saddle HorsesMare, 4 years old and over.Matlack and Shopshire, 1st. AllieJones, 2nd.Mare. 3 years old and under 4.Allie Jones, 1st. C. B. Cox, 2nd.Mare, 2 years old and under 3.Allie Jones, 1st. E. K. Thomas, 2nd.Mare 1 years old and under 2.Speaks Bros., 1st. Bourbon Co., HartBros., 2nd. Flemingsburg.Filly Colt.W. C. Massie, 1st. Allen Eddeu, Burgin, 2nd. vRunabout HorsesRunabout Mare or Gelding.J. D. Stewart, Lexington, 1st J. T.Hughes, Lexington, 2nd.Sweepstakes for Fine Saddle HorsesStallion, any age.Chas. Scott, 1st. J. W. Young & Bro.,North Middletown, 2nd.Mare, .any age.Allie Jones. 1st.Baby ShowHandsomest Boy Baby in BourbonCounty, under IS months old:Mrs. James Wilcox, 1st.Mare and Colt-Saddle Mare and Suckling Colt.Allen Add en,Bros.. 2nd.Burgin, 1st. SpeaksPonies An- BreedHarness Pony.Edv.ard Smith, Lexington, 1st. H. S.Gilkev, Winchester, 2nd.iBerkshire HogsBoar, 1 ear old and over.J. W. Case, Hutchinson, 1st.Boar, 6 months old and under 1 year.x Logan Bryan, 1st.Boar, under 6 months old.J. V. Jacoby, Hutehinson. 1st and 2ndSow, 6 months old and under 1 year.Logan Bryan, 1st.Sow, under 6 months old. NJ. W. Jacoby, Hutchinson, 1st.Poland China Hogs .Boar 1 year old and over. AtL. R. Jones, 1st. i,Boar, 6 months old and under 1 yearHoffman Bros., Centerville, 1st.Boar, under 6 months old.L. R. Jones, 1st.Sow, 1 year old and over.Hoffman Bros., 1st. 4iSow, 6 months old and under 1 year.L. R. Jones, 1st.Sow, under 6 months old.1. R. Jones, 1st.Duroc Jersey HogsBoar, 1 vear old and over.A. P. Adair & Son, 1st.Boar, 6 months old and under 1 year.A. P. Adair & Son, 1st.Boar, under 6 months old.A. P. Adair & Son, 1st.Sow, 1 vear old and over. , v "A. P. Adair & &on. 2nd.Sow, 6 months old and under 1 vear.A. P. Adair & Son, 1st.Sow, under 6 months.A. P. Adair & Son, 1st.Grand SweepstakeBoar, any age.L. R. Jones, North Middletown, 1st.Sow, any agex. .Hoffman Br6s., Centerville, 1st.4 Head of Hogs (anj' breed) , .get ofone boar or produce of one sow.L. R. Jones, North Middletown, 1st.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.In Bath'ccuntv T. S. .Robertsonsold to S. S. Ralls three suckling mulec olts for S650. In Woodford countyHardin Field sold to Thomas Dunlap apair of three year old mules for $500.Gnats and flies are giving muchtrouble (o live stock in this and adjoining counties. In some Dlaces thepests have become so bad as to causeserious injury to horses and cattle, andvarious remedies are being tried.Abnee & Musainon, of this city,shipped to Cincinnati the past weekone hundred hogsheads of tobacco.This firm still has a large quantity oftobacco at their warehouses in this citywhich they will hold UDtil a later date.It is announced that no sucesscorto the late Dr. M. A. Scovell as headof the Kentucky Experiment Stationwill be 'electei for "the present, itsaffairs to be conducted by a council instead. -J. A. Wilson, of Paris, sold lastweek to Rev. J. R. Jones, cf Cynthiana, one of his pure bred Shetland donies at good price. He , also sold afine Shetland to Willis Boston, ol Cynthiana, at a fancy price.B.R. Caldwell has a three year oldpet ewe that gave birth to triplets if.March and when the larrbs,were 5months and 4 dajs old the three weighed two hundred and eighty pounds, mcuding the mother 400 pounds.When R. L. Conrad transferred hisfine Blue Grass farm at Drv Ridge toIra Adams, the biggest land deal inpoint of value, ever consummated inGrant county took place. The farmcontains 320 acres and the consideration was $320 per acre, or $32,000.Henry Tevis, a prominent farmerof Shelbv City, is "some" corn raiser.He cathered a number of ars thatmeasured fifteen inches in length andwere filled with hard firm grains. HestateB that his crop will average overeigiituui uw iu meoue.-The largest sale of lambs madeuna year vvda uiai ui uuuu u uiavecto Squire J. Amos Hamon, who sola550 head averaging in weight eighty-Jfive pounds, for which he received$2,795, or six cents a pound. M.Graves had recently refused sevencents for the lambs.-G.G. Prewitt filed suit in the Clark .Circuit Court against J. Hood Smith,for $1,056.12 for damages alleged tohave been caused by the defendant'sfailure to accent a lot of grass seed. ,The plaintiff claims that he sold to'Smith the grass seed at $1 per bushel,but that Smith refused to accept itand he was forced to sell it to i. F.Tabb, of Mt. Sterlirg at 55 cents.The cutting of tobacco and nemois at present occupying the time of tneisnuroon ccuntv iarmers wno are interested in the cultivation of both crops. 'The yield of both commodities is abovethe average both in quantity and qualitvrand the nroriucers are iubilant overthe Drosnects for a banner crop ofeach. A larger acreage of hemp hasbeen cultivated in this county than informer years owing to the successfultests given bv the O'Neal hempbreaking machine which will greatlyfacilitate the breaking and handling ofthe crop this fall.A Beriln dispatch says, reoe3entatives of a local wholesale fruit company have left for America where buv-ing agencies will be located on thePacific and Gulf caasts. The companyhas already a branch at ban Jose, Calipluiuiu, uui lug cuunjjuua i;uii uuu uiTexas has attracted considerable attention and being a more direct route tothis country, it is expected that arrangements will be made to concentrate the shipments tiom America ateither Galveston or Port Arthur andforward the fruit to this country byway of these ports.Bargains In Wall Paper.Look at my Bargains in wall papery bargains in wallpaper,Expert, decorators ready,this weekto fill your orders promptly.x J. T. HINTON.tmusi'i mnj,in.ugayGAll persons holding claims againstJulia Frank, deceased, aiefgherebas required by the law to the undei-sierned.All persons indebted to the saidJulia Frank, deceased, are requestedto call and settle same with undersigned. CARRIE FRANK,HELEN FRANK,2-3wks Executrixs.. demonstrate the only A' 'beeon ejecting rTimp,Gun ;ll,li illmwMXtmmWmBSmwm'JimjmmmmmmmmmmmmB$2rhJmKmWmWSmmmWUmmWk IIkWTXMfmlmmmW ItPuMP GunSolid-'Breech, Hammerless. Safe.Bottom Ejection empty shells are thrown downward smokeand gases must go the same way, too insuring uninterruptedsight rapid pointing always.Solid Breech Hammerless perfectly balanced a straightstrong sweep of beauty from stock to muzzle.Three Safety Devices accidental discharge impossible.Simple Take-Dowri a quarter turn of the barrel does itcarrying, cleaning, interchange of barrels made easy yourfingers are your onlyTHEATRICAL."THE ROSART."Every theatregcer in this city knowsthat "The Rosary" as the most talked about play in the popular pricedhouses last season. This play strucka responsive chord "in the hearts ofthe people, and with its many humaninterest qualities, it proved to be immensely Dopular. Owing to its lasiseason's success "The Rosary" is being repeated again this season by thewell known producers. Rowland andClifford, and it comes to this theatreon Septembei 9, 1912.Whaling has almost ceased to holdits place as one of our national industries. Though almost.'all of its menand ships have passed away, an illuminating description of this hazardousvocation has ricver been written. Butfortunately it has been recorded by thebest and truest of all posible methodsof recording facts the tiny negativescf animated pictures. These will bepresented by Lvman-H. Howe at theParis Giand on September 10. Thescenes are of absorbing interestthroughout. Tney reveal the implements and tactics of whalers, the sighting, approach and bamooning of thtwhale, its Irantic.convuNive struggles,its enormous r'ze as seen along sidethe vessel and finally the processes employed in dressing it for its products.The ColoredAgriculuralAssociation ofBourbon County,Tq ghow thejr appreciation forthe liberality and kindness shown4.UpTn -. Up whltP nPfYnlp ofem V In? 3,, People OIcouroon ana rayetie countieswill give a bigpr86 Ce2&M2 WsIJ-Cat Fair Grounds, on.Friday 0"f the Fair,Seoesmher 20,rr - u r"ss e.3-. j-x-or a S3!? AA OTD.UO. . ft . . .i .of Which 12 IS to go to the firstlady and gentleman, 7 to thesecond and $0 to the third.Entrance solicited from all parts0f the State. Entrance free.HARVEY FIELDS, Prcs.STEPHEN MOORE, Sect.THE FAIR!Great Values FridayiPlain Blown Glass Tumblers,Q cjx jpor 2geIce TSa Tumblers, set of six,for 38c.Jelly Glasses, 25c per dozen,not the common round bottom,i Household Family Scales, each98c.Hand Saw Files, 2 for 5c.Beautiful patterns extra large' size Astrian China Dinner Plates,td border patterns n0 tw0, , ,'a dozen, at! each loc.Mason FruitJars, pints at; 37 l-2c a dozen.I Ironing Boards, 50c size, at' pich 2)C? Mrs. Pott's Nickel-Plated SadIrons, 3 sizes, including handleand stand, a set 98c.Ink Tablets, 2 for 5c: WaterProof Child's School Satchel,each 5c; Double Slates, red feltround, the regular 25c slate,each 10c.THE PAIR.tools.jmmmmmmm mm -"--m..,m 1 mmmmw wMwmmMti0il'mmmmWmmTmmmjlmKmWmmmmmwmmmT 1For trap or field work the fastest natural pointerYour dealer has one. Look it over todayRemington Arms-UnionMetallic Cartridge Go.299 Broadway 5 New York CityWill Atieid State CtnytitWThe State;Con?ention of the AncfeatOrder of Hibernians will convene inLouisville next Sunday in annual session. There will be delegates representing every lodge in tne State in attendance. From the local lodge thefollowing ladies, members of the Ladies Auxiliarvy, will attend as delegates: Miss Mary Lenihan, Miss NellSchwartz, Mrs. Jack Woods, MiaaMarv Kiev, Mrs. Mollie;Lavin,J MissKaiie Burke, Miss Mary McMahan andMiss Ellen Kelly.Rugs, Carpets aod Matting.Low prices on rugs, wall papermattings andaCarpets all this week afcx J. T. HINTON'S.ParisGrandWEEK OPSEPTEMBER..2Hyatf&LiiroreHusisal Comedy Go.Presenting a Series of High ClassMusical Comedies.Polite, Polished,Finished Performances.For Ladies, Children and Gentlemen. Elaborate Wardrobes.Special Scenery.2 PEOPLE JO' MOSTLY GIRLS.Funny Comedians; Good Singingand Dancing. & 'ADMISSION:Lower Floor . 20cBalcony 10cGallery 10cMonday,September -9Ed. W. Rowland & Edwin Clifford, (Inc.) Offers xTHEROSARYBy Edward E. Rose.JLike the Poem and SonfIt Will Live ForeverThe Most Beautiful SettingsEver Seen on Any Stage.Large Company of ExpeptionalAbility.PRICE 25-35-50-75c.We Pay Cast-FOBOld Stampsand StampCollections : :We have on hand alargestock of stampsfor the collector toselect from.The John M. Stuart Go.Paris, Ky.,East Term-U.S. A.203For Sale Privately.As attorney for the estateestate of Phillip Clay deceased, the undersignedwill sell privately thelate residence situatedon Second Street in theCity of Paris, Kentucky.Same contains 4 rooms,and lot fronts about 40feet on said street. Forfurther information inquire of 'THOMPSON..Private School Opening.Mrs. Sutherland's Private Schoolwiil open Monday. September 9tb.Classification of new Dupilson September 3rd. and 4th., '"Number limited.2 0-6l ; .,;xV-V