" cw v?i "f;mn.r7 , , ik.?? tV' ';r v M 'vu "v -r?ai ? -lu .y ,tjt&&jr '' vJtr ''IKmP' tK "-. & ? ''li l. "J?"-' i j sr' 3v ,4 V-4 -?Wf tM r- fT v1PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARv. 'VOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1912" -; ; -vBOURBON NEWSTUCiInnSHOESBig ReductionOnAIILOWiBeginning This Week We Will Reduce all HANNAN and NETTLETON OXFORDS, and also' Ladies'Pumps and oxfords.We have a great many WHITE SHOES and PUMPSin Nubuck and Canvas that will be greatly reduced.ivThese will be for CASH ONLGEO. IVlcWILLIAMS,Phones 301 The ShoeIera mUnknown Negro Cut to Pieces.Without the slightest clue that wouldlead to his identity the body of the negro killed by an L. & N. train Mondaynight, was buried Tuesday afternoon.Although CoronerfRudolph Davis conducted a searhing investigation he wasunable to establish the identity of thevictim of the tram accident. Themangled remains ot the negro were Ifound on the h. & JN. bridge overHouston creek about 10 o'clock Monday night by two men who had evidently been riding on an incomingvf reight and got off at? the city limitsto walk into town. In crossing thebridge one of them stumbled over theform of the negro and gave the alarm.It is suDDOsed that the man had beendrinking and was sitting on the trackor was attempting to board Northbound train No. 44, which is believedto be the train which crushed him todeath.The body was diagged th.'r'.y feetfrom the poinc about where he wasstiuck. A portion of the head wasmissing and the facial features entirely obliterated. One foot was badlymangled, the left arm cut off and thevictim of the unfortunate accident wasdisemboweled.Coroner Davis had'the scattered remains gathered together and taken tothejindertaking establishment of Mr.Geo. W. Davis, where it was heldduring a brief investigation, but thecondition ot the body was such as not topermit itto be kept until an identitycould be" established. Coroner Davisis searching for the cap of the negrowhich is said to have been picked upon the railroad and which may throwsome light upon the case.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg Refrigerator.Sold by16-tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.ri"WE KNOW HOW"It,JS.--s$ Don't Stay At Home and Brood sj3 Over the High Cost of Living,W But Come in and See What We Can Save You on w, . , . r. Mgroceries, ceiow is Just a rew orMStofa(UsmmsftfaOSOur Many Bargains:16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $ 1 .OO8 Bars Lenox Soap 25cBrass King Wash Boards 30c2 Cans Good Corn '. 15c1 lb. Can Royal Baking Powder 45cRoyal Seal Oats per can 1 1c(The Only Oats for Summer)Pure Hog Lard per lb 1 4-cMason Fruit Jars, qts., per doz GOcMason Fruit Jars, pts., per doz 50cFruit Cans, per doz 35cRELIGIOUS.VBLUE RIBBON PLOUR25-lb Sack SOc50-lb Sack $ 1 .60100-lbSack.3 $3.20L C. LEINIHAIN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234WtoX.The annual convention of the Bracken Association of;the Baptist Churchwill be held in this city Wednesdayand Thursday. August 7 and 8.Rev. F. W. Eberhart, of Frankfort, will occupy the pulpit at theBaptist church Sunday morning, exchanging with Rev. E. M. Lightfoot,who will go.to Frankfort.At Cost.Ladies' and childrens Oxfords atcost.12jly-tf. FELD'S SHOE STORE.Refrigerators.New iceberg Refrigerators $6.75 upto $25.00.16-tf A. F. WHEELER & CO.L. S N. to Fight. 'The demand was made on the StateBoard of Assessments and ValuationWednesday by the counsel ior theLouisville and Nashville Railroad todisclose the method adopted in arrivingat the assessment of the franchise ofthe road. Acing"on the advice ot Attorney General Garnett the board declined to give the information. Therailroads propose to contest the assessment of franchise thit year, andjdesirethis intormat.on for the foundation ofinjunction.On Ice.Watermelons and canteloupes on-iceat all times.C. P. COOK & CO.JiTrTlhere is nothing nicer, and we- know there is nothing coolerfor Summer wear than a pair ofWhite Serge or White FlannelTrousers.Just the thing to wear with a Blue SergeCoat, Straw Hat and White Low-Cut Shoesthese Summer days. White Buckskin andWhife Duck Shoes for men you will find herein all styles.Soft Stlk Pongee Shirts, with collars tomatch, made with soft turn-back Cuffs, WhiteSilk Hose and Wash Ties. iDon't suffer with the heat when you cankeep cool at a small cost. '.-".,z-',iMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to Men Paris, Kentucky11111111)111 li MMMMMMM&)ELmililllUIIIIIimillllllllU tIlllll!il!!IIIIIllIiniIII!!IIIilll!IIIIIIIlIIlIll!IIIII!I!l!IllllIIIIlllllJMIIIIII!IIIIIIII!ll!IIII!IHIHEsmvAFRANK & COSThe Store Where Reliability Reigns.5g7X9UrnSWrtte&wm&i&S.tfz&&.'-Special SaleOP PUREj--i"m&&&iVvmmT'tiXtf-mkSILK SOXSold For 50cCHOICE 38cOr 2 Pair for 75cAll SizesSee Show WindowemFor Sale.Kitchen Cabinets $9.50 up to 27.50.16-tf. A. F. WHEELER & CO.Postmasters Meet in Louisville.Postmaster John R. Inglis. President of the League of Fourth-classPostmasters of Kentucky, has issued acall for the third annual convention ofthe league to meet in Louisville, September 3 and 4.In compliance to a request of President Inglis the Potofhce Departmenthas issued a leave of absence to allthird and fourth-class postmasters notexceeding five days to attend the convention.iFinal Clean-Up SaleOFJLadies' Ready-to-Wear Garments.-Extra Value in "Davis Fifteen."Extra tailoring, extra style, extrafabrics in our ?15 clothes.J. W. DAV15 & CO.Melons on Ice.vFine Georgia watermelons and California canteloupes on ice at all , times.Phone us your order. '16-2t SAUER.mZmUpIP?&mm&iWffiiW&ftiMprice & 60. Clothiersm;5Kmmmand FurnishersmmmmmmmTgi.$M&&"wMmmmmmmN6 Reunion o! Vets This Year.There will be no reunion ot Morgan'smen at Park's Hill, Nicholas county,this year, according to announcementmade Wednesday. The veterans havemet in reunion at that place annuallyfor .the past ten vears. The Parks'Hilj Chaatauqua, which the reunionhastfollowed. will not bje held and asyet no . arrangements have been madeior any otner meeting tnere and it is ssaid that this will preclude the holdingthe reunion'. The failure to hold thereunion will greatlv disappoint manvot the old soldiers, as from kOO to300 of them have been gathering thereeach year. 'Wheat Wanted.Call and see us before selling yourwheat. Highpst market price,R. 8. HUTCUCRAFT,16-4t Both phone3 84.Regardless of Cost.During the Clean bween Sale allUnr, m.,-. U 1 J X. jl -C Icost, as we never carry over stock in 5&this dpnartmpnf ItS, SIMON'S DEPT.. STORE.- I-25.00 Ladies' Suits, now. . '.15.00 Ladies' Suits, now.. 35f00 Lingerie Dresses, now25.00 Lingerie Dresses, now20.00 Lingerie Dresses, now '15.00 Lingerie Dresses, now. 10.00 Lingerie Dresses, now.,'. r .30.00 Sijk Dresses, now 'X.'....25.00 Silk Dresses, now .20.00 Silk Dresses, now....10.00 Linen Dresses, now. . .7.50 Linen Dresses, now-. .5.00 Linen Dresses, now. .All1 Other Ready-to-Wear Garments Reduced. ' ' - . - Price - - -4f.c., t-f-9.S85.0017.5015.009.987.754.9815.0012.5010.004.983.982.98insFRAflK & CO..-tParis,KentuckyHiniiiiiiimiuiii1iKSimiiiiiiiirruriJJwiiiiiiiimHiiiiiiinrirmiHiiiiiiiMiiiiiini04fvJrmw IrWw SnliffiMflffiSXSjiliSRnlHISKWWww,,hvYM.."tv'rf.mi.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY; JULY19, 1912 v V'.vV-. : v ' x' :Mfc.A -rNATURE'S ESSENCE. Extracted Jfoin Forest Plants.Nature's laws are perfect, but disease follows if these laws are hot obeyed.7 Go straight to nature for the cure, to the forest; there afe mysteries here that wecan fathom for you. Take the bark of the wild-cherry tree, the root of mandrake,stone, OTegon grape root, queen's root, bloodroot and golden seal, make a scientific, non-alcoholic extract of them with just the right proportions and you haveBcctor Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.It "ok Dr Pierce, with the assistance of two learned chemists, eight years oWd work experimenting to make this pure glyceric extract and alterative of thegreatest efficiency and without the use of a particle of alcohol.- ' TtTcf thn. unrt rf remedv ou need to make rich, redMood, and cure that lassitude and feeling of nerve exhaustion.Or. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery bears the stamp ofPublic Approval and has sold more largely in the past fortyyears than any other blood purifier and stomach tonic."Some 'time aj?o I cot out of health-my stomach seemed to be thescat of the trouble," writes Kit. Ezra Williams, of Bellevi He, Kans"I commenced to doctor with nil the doctors at home as well as with,ether specialists on stomach and digestive organs. None seemed to dorny good-in fact, most of the medicines did me harm. Finally, I wrototo Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., who replied, stating that.I had liver ccpt 'aint with indigestion and constipation, and advised Dr. Pierce s Golden,.cdical Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellets. . t"The 'Discovery and Pellets, have put me on my feet again' -rcucd to be just what I needed. I could not have recovered without them.Dr. Pierce s Pleascnt Pellets are for liver. ills.ess'AWTWIN BROS.,Clothing Department:AH the Latest Ideas inVRINGmowNow On DisplayTHE -BOURBON NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year $2.00 Six Months. .1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $1.00 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per infcheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matt er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o publisher is reservedto decline anv advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.bpace is a newspaper's scock intrade, its source of revenue.DEMOCRATIC TICKET.ClothingVLWOLLSTEINand Shoe Department.Si,"BM' MMM Mt BW B3For Sale,A nice lot of home-grown plums."Wholesale or retail. Verv nice for can--mng.Call over E. T. Phone No. 39,Ruddles Mills Ex.C. L. HOUGH,16-4t Paris,lKy.DR. DOLLE'SMESSAGE TOTOU CAN BE CURED BYMENProfessional CardsJ J. WIIiliTAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.itoom 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones S-" T x?5-( nome ito.E. T. 334.Home 334.ResidenceIi4bl mmP iDR. A. Bv KELIiER,Practicing Physician.Offices, RoomsParis,and 5, Elk's Bld'gKentucky.-few LJf 3E. 0. L. DOLLE. N: "Why Take Treatment That Is Doing You!Ko Good, "When a, Eew Day, under the caref Dr. Dolle Will Show You How Easy ItIs to Cure-These Diseases "When the ProperTreatment Is Administered.Have you treated for months and years, andbeen disappointed until you think that vo can- jnot be cured? You.no doubt, tll this t;ius havebeen treated by inexperienced doctors li np.dneither sufficient knowledge ncr cxptr.uiice to 1know how to cure you.These are the diseases of whitli I have .cured so many, justly giving me the reputation for cures of which I am so proud.Blood Diseases, Skin DiseasesI will give you treatment that will in a fewTflays cure all rath, spots and every Sign andsymptom, ily treatment gets the poison out ofthe system instead of driving it in like ordinarytreatments. I cure bloott diseases and Ekin dis,case so they cannot come back.Varicocele," causing aching or pain in,, -groin or back, Nervousness, "Weakness,Loss of Vitality, Lack of AmbitionMy one-treatment cure is what you shouldbave and what you w.ill have to have" to be curedxight. Only one visit is required. I do no cutting and you sutler no pain nor trouble. Allsigns disappear in a few daysNervous Troubles, Lost Vitality. My combined treatment for these troubles sotsommonjamem? those who ha e become weak andtvornout, who have caused it bv follv. dissipationand excesses, is remarkablv pood . o one b Le esbow quickly it benefits until they hrve tLon it.It overcomes weakness, ncnoUncs puin inback, lack of energy, ambition and strong'' i"sjust the treatment I have found so eficctrvc mtreating sudTdiseases.Kidney and Bladder Troublesare scientifically cured by me. Jly methods im"mediately benefit you, and the majority of casesI cure come from physicians and specialists who-failed.Flfe PicHll2IP I can cure you soxriica, ria LUldC quickly and easilythat you will be surprised. I will give you justthe result and cure you are looking for withoutsurgical operation..Acute Diseases SSSftg-SS"remedies seldom cure. My treatment stops every- "symptom and cures in a few days. It is scientificthat's the only sure way to be cured so it willsot come back.., Yes can take my Treatment without ar et aad pay me after I cure you. I knowitkat I can give you new life, new hope, and canrestore you back to health and happiness. I.Mraow that every man will pay after I nave elim-t inated every trace of disease from his system.lMicnscopical and analytical urinalysis FREE.Ibave "writeen a book that ought to be in thesAands of every suffering man in this country. I"will sead you a copy, free, if you will write me ateace the disease for wh ich you desire treatement,Boors, 9 to 4: Sundays, 9 to 1 p. m. Evenings,T te 8. on Monday Wednesday and Saturday nightaC. L. DOLLE, M. D. 4Ore Columbia Theater 536 Walnut St, betweenFifth aDd Sixth Streets.0ce easy to find, as all that is necessary! toaek fer the Colombia Theater, and any ome earn4ett you this.Hot and ColdBATHS'Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.1U,A.KAHAL.Drink SPARKLINGEPS0IFor Eresident,HON. WOODROW WILSON,of New Jersey.For Vice-President,HON. THOS. R. MARSHALL,of Indiana.For Congress,HON. J. CAMPBELL CANTRlLL,ofScott county.Pooled Crop Sold at Last.The Burley Tobacco Society ExecutiveCommittee met in Lexincrton Tuesday and announced that the entire nool-! ed'holdings ofthejlSOa crop, amounti ing to102.000,000pounds, finally haveI been disposed of. The sales have been1 going on for two years at various marI kets. Over 510,000,000 have been rei ceived forftobacco. "This willgbe distributed amonga hundred thousand farmers in Indiana,Ohio and Kentucky. The old BurleySociety nowgoes out of 'business asformerly constituted, and the new regime, takes holdunder contracts whichbind all producers in the association forten years.The bulk of this tobacco was sold onthe Lexington, Louisville and Cincinnatijmarkets. The final report that allof the pooled tobacco had betn closedout was made by Committeeman StucKey.sWho had supervision of the sales outhe Cincinnati market, and was submitted tothe board at its meeting hereTuesday.It will take, however, several weekstojnake.a final settlement with all ofthejDurchasers. who include practically all.of the tobaccojmanutacturers ofthis country, including the AmericanTobacco Companyf-which got a largeshare of the tooaccb.As soon as this settlement is made itis announced that a final distributionof funds will be made to the growerswho had tobacco 'in the pool."Will Nominate For all Offices.BDiscussing plans for the new thirdparty which is being organized in Kentucky for the support of Col. Roosevelt's candidacy. Hon. Leslie Coombs,who has.been .designated by Col. Roosevelt as his chief lieutenant in thisState declared that a complete organization ot the Progressive party wouldbe made in Kentucky along permanent'lines, and made the first public announcement of the fact that not onlywould Congressional candidates be putforward with the Roosevelt electorsj this iail in the Seventh. Eighth, Ninth,Tenth .and Eleventh districts, butthat a candidate would be selected forthe Court of Appeals vacancy in theSeventh Apellate distrcit. and thatnext year the plan of reorganizationcontemplate the nomination of candi.dates for all the offices county in whatare now Republican counties.REG."IsTpat.officHealthful nd RefreshingK At all Founts andKJ(j in. Bottles. OUBottled ByPARIS BOTTLING COGo to Buck's.vFor a nice bath, hair c ut or- shavego tp Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfProportionof GamesSeveHth.Won thAUTO FOR HIRESpecial attention given toparties desiring to hire automobiles.' Call on us forpricesTRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Livery, Feed and Sales Stable.Eighth Street Both Phones.In an article on baseball "fans" inthe August American Magazine, HughS. Fullerton says:"The custom of 'stretching' at thestart of the seventh ihnirjghas becomealmost' universal and almost as muchI a part of the cpremony as is the tea interval at cii ket. There are variations. In home cities the fans stand'a d awn widelv, 'stretching' beforejesuming thuii seats. In others everyoi:e iakeb ,ut a handkerchief andui-ual es h t and cljthes until the flapDing ut h..miKeiLhiefs makes an astonjjishing amount cf commotion. Thecustom is based on the superstitionthat the seventh is -lucky. . You mayprove it by figures, if you "so desire,'although 1 believe the cause and effectis reversed. NThe factjs that a largerpercentageof baseball games are wonand lost in the seventh than in anyother inning. I examined 860 scoreslast wmterZto study this phenomenon,and discovered that 184 over a fifthwere decided in the seventh inning;an abnormal number. But a furtherstudy of the.figures convinced me that"superstition is responsible for the'luck' rather than the other way round.For the home team won in 151 out ofthe 184-games, proving, to my satisfac-tiona at least, that the rooting of thecrowd does effect visiting players. Itis evident that the "custom of .rootingwildly for the break to come in theseventh inning has the effect of shaking the nerve and confidence of the opposing teams and from a study o'fthose 148 scores it looked as if the effectwas principally upon the pilcdier."Cynthiana's New Postmaster.Mr. L. M. Lebushas been appointed by President Taft as the successorof Mr. G. M. Dickey as postmaster ofCynthiana. The appointment hasbeen pending since last March. .Mr.Dickey is a popular citizen, and hasmade a good poastmaster. He is abrother of Mr. John Dickey of Paris.His successor is a son of Orie Lebusand is twenty-one years of age.Oppositionto PowersStrength.GainingThe opposition to Congressman Cah bPowers in the Eleventh District seemsto be gaining strength daily. Amongthose seeking to run against him areJudge Charles E, Herd and Representative Eugene Ashert of Middlesboro ;A. T. Siler, of Williamsburg; H. H.Asher, of Pineville and uudge"""L. W.Bethurum, of Somerset.Progressives to Organize.The call for the formation of a Pro--gressiveparty oragnization in Louisville was made Friday by Mr. LeslieCombs, representing the nations!organization of the Progressive party.A similar organization willloelmade inevery district in the State. xThe meeting inxLouisville will beopen to all voters who indorse the newProgressive party views, no matterwhat their previous party affiliationsmav have been.The organizers hope to have anational leader of prominence makethe big speech of therconvention,whichmay be held in Phoenix Hill.KBS?TAirgoHSHS5y'SScBsss5SSIiS?tm SmLS; iSSjSb BbI BSSs SESkS iBSsVtH BSoSv SSH SSBSt StH BMSS9 BSSSBBs BSSBSbIfV Bplj' I Brs" Tfrr-m mjTU Wr JOH BT BSSSS flSSSS. BPB MPSI Last as long as the building, and never need repairs never need any attention, except an II occasional coat of paint. Just the thing tor all kinds of country buOdings. Fire-proof II Handsome Inexpensive. Can be laid right over wood shingle without dirt or bother. (4) IDuring the summer monthsj mothersof young children should watch for anyunnatural loosuness of the bowels.When given prompt attention at thititime serious trouble may be avoided.Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy can always be dependedupon. For salebyall dealers.Knowledge Through Zeal.Through zeal knowledge is gotten,through lack of zeal knowledge is lost;let a man who knows this double pathof gain and loss thus place himselfthat knowledge may grow. Buddha.A GirTs Wild Midnight Rids.To warn people of a fearful forestfire in the CatBkills a young girl rodehorseback at midnight and saved manylives. tHer'deed was glorious but livesare often saved by Dr. King's NewDiscovery in curing lung trouble,coughs and colds, which might haveended in consumption or pneumonia."It curedlme of a dreadiul cough andlung disease," writes W. R. Patterson,Wellington, Tex., "after four in ourfamily had died with consumption, andI gained 87 pounds." Nothing so sateand sure for all throat and lung troubles. Price 50c and $1.00. Trial bottletree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.sickness, Scott's Emulsionincreaseslhe appetite and buildsstrength rapidly. Its wonderfulnourishment assists nature inI roclnrinrr tioolfli C' All rt riwiunug uvuu j-xw Mriuggi3i9.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield N Jfor Sale by Miller & Best, Millersburg, Ky.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EHBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.TcPzsssgaisssssWhy not you join the great army ofcvslomers and burnmmmsimmp&a x azii.-rrmr -nys m-v .&iI?' tZG RVfTE?,i&zf ?-rftWV,r5i; vjwr7s;- 5KRS'ST-'i-AAvVi-y'''o-WH:'53" nfljLtt-ftf k PfVFSKBlSSSBSaHBBVVVl f JTTF ISHbssssssssssMPffWmNow is the lime to try a load,(cjpSQ;PARIS, KY.Zs!xS212-7euffiberlana Celtpbont and Celegrapb ComplyINCOBPOBATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the Cumberland Bourbon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North Middletown, Little Rock andRuddles Mills."When you have Cumberland service youHAVE telephone service."Cumberland Telephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedmam wmmmmmim&mmxmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmwmmrSBEMISIHPRANSPLANTEBSIII1. y$vfHiABsilaBSlflBSSSSSBBBSBSSBliBSSSSSSSSSSSsf 4sSSSSRiBSi11-"" ivSSM?SsmmmssssBSmS7l fBSSSH m Ws)t IWSSBSSBri- SBPiBSMWMriSlSi BSSSS?Bwl SSsBB iBSBSa .'-!.'-OIgBSEEsBsss9Bi4BBsSssBSSSSSslBSSSsssssssB3BSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssl iasssssl eBXSrBSiAlBBf K ' vv i Bm I BSSSSSVsBBSSSSSSBSSSSBSSSSSSsl"r BS9"BE!"SPSSSSSSs1B)vv9bssssssssssmMP9JIbsssssk' sxK'!BssBSS3axNSJSSESrWL-VJZjSSy 'SjIKPE'IIIIIII!4'rAnjne who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand thentused another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, andthe work done are ifcfeatureIIGive us ycur ordergetting one,now so you will be sure ofYERKES & PEICHARDBothi9 Phones 66IIJih?Ay "V--. 1sJ--v.-t - "-J'-r Tni i fr'--A-mW" TjTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULYK19, 1912.T"Route of The FourState Tour and the Maxwell Special Car. Which " isMMIAmong The Hoosier Automobiles.Curtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Dry Goods,Fresh Meats, Etc.Best Meats in Paris.Country Produce Bought,CASH OR TRADEyt ,-" ' FREMONT. ' I' '-' '-.-WMS tiffin'- " ' ' rCSRCTI ". FORT WNE,!,!0 Q lffnB1 , , S'XL I; -. JJ- GAUON 1 Jp CANTON jINDIANAPOLIS 0mm (WASHINGTON, C.H,i l(ors2-?-fe?;!' cHILLICOTHE fc-J r ., 1-- - iM?OT?TSMOnTH UJ fcif; Cy KAYSVILLE JV--:555gTjrnNGTOJri hxouisvtlle - f ?irjiffltingiMBfir 4 HSSiKSSi0W Jf SratHSSKmSHIIWlHliHHHyBHinH,t,Jifr8SEHKiwrar CLFPy ilcxv.'eii bpecial - J) -1"Wi U (lGlidden.Tou.r FairxA M-rvdViS" '"'" IWIM'g""gWPi,in ww,1 una !! ii.jTMirTllrr 1 --" 1 1 1 1 111 1 inn n ra " "HBER6 IN 4-STATETOURFamous Car Will Carry Relativeof Bourbon People, Who IsPubticity Agent.WILL REACH PARIS JULY 23Stop For Short Time of the FiftyCars Will Be Made In -ThisCity.The Nyberg Antomobile Co., 'of Anderson, Ind., has one of its cars in theIndiana Four States Tour which leftIndianapolis on Tuesday, July 9, forthe 16 day tour of the states of Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia and Kentucky. Among those who will accompany the Nyberg car on the tour is Mr,.Uscar K. Ewmer. advertising managerof the Nyberg Company, and who hassinany acquaintences in Paris.The Four States Tour will extendthrough Kentucky from Maysville toLouisville passing through Paris onMonday, July 22, and the fifty automobilesJ2omposing the product of a number of automobilelfactories ofIndinnawill stop here for a short time beforecontinuing on their trip to Lexingtonand Frankfort, stopping for the night.Mawxell teamjin the Indiana FourStates Tour consists of three cars, carrying ten men. No. 2 is one of the36-horsenower touring cars which wonthe Glidden Tour last fall, run fromNew York to Florida. It is driven byH. M. Van Matre of the Newcastlefactory, and has upon it the same warpaint which it bore in the gruellingcontest along the Atlantic coast. Itbears the impression of a battle in Virginia mud and mountains and theFlorida sands.In this car is W. K. McWhite, of theUnited States Motor Company, oftNewYorkJJity, a Detroit representative ofthe sales department of this company,and a newspaper man.Car No. 3 is a 30-horsepoer four-cylindertouring car, known as the Maxwell "30. "It is driven by Milford Weigle, also from our Newcastle plan.Car No. 4,the third member of the triois a Mawxell "30" roadster.driven byKenneth Highley, also of Newcastle.Messrs Weigle and Highley are accompanied by newspaper representativesand guests of the Mawxell company.The two Maxwell "30"s are painted inblue and are the successors of thewell-known Maxwell Mascottee modelsfrom"which they differ only in having asilghtly increased horsepower.Frank E. Smith, president of the"Indiana Automobile Manufacture! s'Association, Had intended to be one ofthe Dassengers in the Maxwell Special.A "recent accident, however, prevenntshis participation.Nordyke & Marmon Comany has acarj in the second annual Four States1 our. The car which carries the Marmon colors is-one of the regular fivepassenger Marmon "32" touring cars.It is driven by George Treadgold.traveling agent for the Marmon in Indiana, and carries as passenger R. G.Elvin, publicity representative of thecomDany. Mr. Treadgold drove theMarmon entry in the 1911 tour."In mv opinion, the Four, StatesTour of the I. A. M. A. holds an im-'portan relation to the autoombile industry of theS tate," said H. H. Rice,sales manager of Norbyke& Marmon Co"In view of the fact that it is norcomj)etitive, there is none of theieelingof rivalry that often enters into toursof the sort, and the automobile business of the State as a whole is muchbenefited by the manufacturers allgetting together and going out as aunit to spread the gospel of Indianamade cas to the people of this and theneighboring States. What the tourwants to do is to make friends for theindustry of the State among those outside,and nothing can get the results sowell as a good bunch of live boosterswho take two weeks from pushingtheir own particular car, to devote toawakening interest in Indiana automobiles in general. Although not manydirect results can be traced from theFour States Tour, it is, in my opinion,that it is vey fine, as well as a veryunique enterprise, and is one thatshould take its Dlace as one of the annual events of. the Indiana AutomobileManufacturers' Association."The more than four million peoplealong the route of the second annualfour States Tour of the Indiana Automobile Manufacturers' Association willagain see the Great Western "forty"leading the caravan. The Great Westtern carthat acted as pathfinder for thetour from April 25 to May 8 will retrace its path in the capacity of confetti car for the tour which left Indianapolis July 9 for a sixteen days' trip of1283.9 miles through Ohio, West Virginia, Kentucky and Indiana. The carwas a revelation to the people whosawit making the trip in laying j out' theroute. t The car is from one to twohours ahead of the remainder of thetour, which exceeds fifty cars. Thiscar marks the road with paper confettiand bewildering turnskin the road willbe brought thetourists' ;notice by redcards with white arrows, the cards tomeasure 18x6 inches. W. D. Edenburn.of the Remy Electric Company, Anderson. Indiana, Jroute-marker'ot the'pathfihding tour, will accompny the car inthe capacity of pilot.' The car attracted morethan cursory notice on its initial trip with the many pennants fromthe various cities on the route, withwhich it was decorated, and thesesame pennants will be on the carwhenit leads the van in July. In addition tothe trailblazing car the Great WesternAutomobile Company, or Peru, Indiana, entered a 1913 model in the tour.This wil be thedebut of this classv car,which is a revelation in motor buildingfor cars of its class.Buy it now. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Kemdey is almost certain to be needed before thesummer is over. Buy it now and beprepared for such an emergency. Forale by all dealers.Always Business."Are you angry because I lost mytemper and tried to scratch your eyesout?" asked the repentant prima donna. "No," replied the impresario. "It"was a good suggestion. Just remember how you went about it and ifgrand opera fails maybe we can dosomething in the moving picture way."$100 Per Platewas paid at a banquet to Henry Clayin New Orleans in 1842. Mighty costv for ihose with stomach trouble orindigestion. Today people everywhereuse Dr. King's New Life Pills forthese troubles as well as liver, kidneyand bowel disordrs. Easy, safe, sure.Only 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.Frightful Polar Windsblow with teiriffic force at the farnorth and play havoc with the skin,causing rough, red or ,sore chappedhands and lips that need Bucklen'sArnica Salve to heal them. It makesthe skin soft and smooth. Unrivaledfor cold-sores, also burns, boils, ulcers,cuts, bruises and piles. Only 25 tcentsat Oberdorer's.Wisdom in Life."Wisdom does not show itself somuch in precept as in life in a firmness of mind and mastery of appetite.It teaches us to do, as well as to talk;and to make our actions and words allof a color. Seneca.Didn't? Want to Intrude.In a Studio at Rome: Fair SitterThe Hadrians' villa, now! Whenwould be the best time for me to seeit? I mean, of course, when the family is likely to be out? Punch.A Hero In a Lighthouse.For years J. S. Donahue, So. Havn,Mich., a civil war captain, as a lighthouse keeper averted awful wrecks,but a queer fart is that he might havebeen a wreck himselfifgElctric Bittershad not prevented. "They cured me ofkidney troubles'and chills," fie writes,"after I had "taken other so-calledcures tor years, without benefit, andthev alsofimnroved mv sight. 'Now. at'seventy. I am feeling fine." For Tdys-pepsia, indigestion, all stomach, liverand kidney troubles, they are withoutequal. Try them. Only 50 cents atOberdorfer's.If you are a housewife you cannotreasonably hope to be healthy or beautiful by washing dishes, sweeping anddoing houswork all day, and "crawlinginto bed dead tired at night. SToumust get out into the open air and sunlight. If you do this every day andkeep your stomachland bowels in goodorder by taking Chamberlain's Tabletswhen needed, you should become bothhealthy and beautiful. For sale by alldealers.Uncle Pennywise Says:When all else fails, husband andwife can always argue the question asto whether or not she could have donebetter than to marry him.Many euros have been reported.A littletablet called "Digestif hasbeen found to be certain qutck relieffor acute indigestion. M?.ny caseshave been reported where instant relief resulted from its use. Brown'sDigestit is the successful treatment forall stomach disorders. ' It relievesindigestion instantly and cures dyspepsia. Sold on positive guarantee50c. vEconomy.One thrifty woman spent a daydarning a pillow-slip that was a massof rips, because, she explained. "Itwas such a pity to waste tha Jiaw,"Jfnnie LangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669notice Jo Contractors,Cautious and Capable.Our idea of a cautious and capablebusiness man is one who insures hisbushel before he hides his light underit. Galveston News.Says the Philosopher.I 'xpect the man who is always satisfied with himself has all the best oflife, after all.Nature Thought.Alert and healthy natures remembeithat the sun rose clear. ... No wayof thinking or doing, however ancient,can be trusted without proof.What is the nature of the ' luxurywhich enervates and destroys nations'.Are we sure that there is none of it inour own lives ? Thoreau.r-Mammm'fESSfThe Cost of Paintingis lowest if you use $. W. P.The greatest part of the cost inpainting is the labor. The-paint itselfis only about one-third of the cost.Poor mint makes the labor cost more, first because it takes longerapply it; second because you have to repaint oftener.Even the apparent saving in cost per gallon of the poor paint is eatenby its low covering capacity ; it takes more gallons of the poor paint tothe job.m Cost of paint and cost of labor are both lower witn o. Jr. F,75 Have you gotten a full color card yettmtoupdo. A. DAUGHERTY" WfB"-The Sanitary and Pure Food Store.- No Fiies. All Vegetables KeptlnsideNo Street DisplayAll Goods the Best and GuaranteedPrompt Delivery to All Parts of City.CURTIS HENRY CO.LCor. 1 4th and MainjU & N. TIME-TABLE:IN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT, 11:59 P. M.Trains -A.rrrveNo.342971040373123326259138385393083231FROMAtlanta, Ga., Daily '. .5.21 amLexington. Ky., Daily 4:34amCynthiana, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 anxRowland, Ky. , Daily Exqept Sunday 1 .7.55 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am.Cincinnati, O., Dtfily 9.50 amMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday 10:20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily ' 10.15, amCincinnati, O. , Daily . 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ' 12.00 amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3J5 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily .'. ." 3.34- pmKnoxville. Tenn.. Daily - 3.25vpmMaysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm.Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pmLexington Ky. , Daily 6,0S pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily -. 6 05 pmCincinnati, 0;, Daily 10:50 pmTrains ZDe-part ' 'No. ' TO A. 4f84 Cincinnati. O., Daily 5.28 am '4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday '. 8.20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily , .9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am. -133 Lexington, Ky., Daily . 10.27 ami6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am.25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday x3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O:, Daily 3.4o pm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5:57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily 6.10 pm -8 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 6.15 pm30. Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25. pm31 Lexington, K., Daily 10.55 pm.13 Atlanta, Ga. , Daily 10.57 p.Sealed bids will be received by the.Board of Trustees of th W. W. Massie Hospital in Paris, Ky., in accordance with the plans and specificationsof H. L. Rowe, Architect, of Lexington, Ky. The plans and snecificationsI for this work can be seen either .at theI office f the Architect or at the office ofi the First National Bank of Paris, Ky..by July 16th, 1912.All bids must be addressed to 'theBoard of Trustees of the new hospital,and must be sent by mail to Mrs. W.E. Simms, of Paris, Ky,. and said bidsmust be in the hands of Mrs. W. E.Simms not later than 10 a. m. July 27,1912, after which time and date no additionalJ)ids will be considered, and received. All bids must be accompanied by acertified check, equal in amount of fiveper cent of the bids, and same must bemade payable to Mrs. E. F. Clay ofParis, Kx,. same to be guaranteed thatthe builder within three 'days, willenter into a contract witn the board ofTrustees in accordance with his bidand give a good and suciffient bond forthe faithful execution of same.Bids will be received for the workcomplete in all of its details wi h theexception of the electrical work,plumoing, heating, elevator and dumbwaiter, for these last five items. seDa-rate bids will be asked for. All general contractors must make a separateitem of cost of the colored departmentand its completion.The board of trustees reserve theright to reject any or all bids.By order of the Board of., Trustees.MRS. E. F. CLAY,MRS. W. E. SIMMS."IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains -A-rrire '"'No.T , FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunda ". . . . .8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.40 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday 550 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort Sunday Only. ? 10.00 pm-Trains 3De;peirt tNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday -.7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday ." 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky DailyExcept Sunday 5.52 amMICHELINIff Easiest to KSM fit on any pgSliyQ. D. Clincher jJijrQuickDetachableClincherJust as superior to other tires sas Michelin Red Inner Tubes are to'- other tubesIN STOCK BYYerkes & PrichardCor. Pleasant ana High.: -j-yUlk ' v . Truateeafn ' ;r i.HL. ROWE. ' :'rennect, Lexington, &y.re.'''rV- i.I,V -i'j.-wif,:'-t:-.k'rTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 19 1912:V-TIB i3r iKli'i; -Nii;1i :i$('. wFlat For Rent.A desirable 4-room flat for rent onecond floor, over C. P. Cook's grocery,on Main street, between Seventh andEighth; bath room and other conveniences. Possesssion at once. Apply toJ. T. HIwTON.Both Phones 36.nICurtis Henry & Co.,Groceries, Drygoods, Fresh and CuredMeats, Vegetables, Fruits, Etc.If it comes from Henry's it's all right,becatise they handle the best and freshestthe markets afford. Their store is clean, freefrom flies, and evrything is handled in a sanitary way. When you deal with them youget polite attention and prompt delivery, noextra charge for either.Call either 'phone 442, and they will beglad to serve you.y.CURTIS HENRY CO.Cor. 1 4th and MainLI A. W. CottinghamThe Dp-town Grocer, Who ReachesAll Parts of Town.A Few Hot Weather Specials16-lbs. Granulated SugarPure Hog Lard, 50 pound cans, per lb .Home-Grown Potatoes, perFull N. Y. Cream Cheese, perRoyal Baking Powder, per lbPickled Pork, per lb .Smoked Bacon, per lbFresh Bolted Meal, per peck 30cQuart Can Boston Baked Beans 1 OcBest Coal Oil, per gal 1 5c, two gal. 25cTwo Cans Tomatoes 25cThree Cans Corn 25cBest Gasoliue, per gal 20cFresh Vegetables, Fresh Meats, Etc.Both 'Phoes 7 Quick DeliveryA.. "757" CottinstLam5 ' The Up-Town Grocer 5XjiMTtaavJ$1.00. .-.h;:.--. .:.-. ;.-.-.-... ..(K flgriculturl Bank of Paris.Capital Surplus Protection1 00,00.00 $67 ,500.00 $267,500.00Rams For Sale.I have for sale pure bred SouthdownRams and Ewes that are extra good.A. S. THOMPSON.E. T. phone 192,12jly 4t-Fri. (residence).iJpecklbM mmmmmmwmw1.0014c25c W45c W-1 . 1 9r-:...16cWHS start a Bank Account herestart you on the road to Success.andJ-Paris Looses to Rivermen. ,Bad luck still follows in the path ofChief Boniosh. Yesterday afternoonhe dropped his third game, this, timeby the narrow margin of one run, theRivermen winning by a score of 3 to 2.Boniosh was on his metle throughoutthe conte3t and althouh the visitors'connected safely'eleven times, faster fielding would have kept the number ofhits down or at least cut them to shortdrives. The Indian worked well inkeeping his hits scattered throughoutthe game until the seventh when theRivermen batted in three runs. Threetwo baggers and a single were sufficient to win the game with the localaggregation unable to hit Beer, andhad less effect upon Grover whenManager Kunkle put the hook in operation in the eighth session and sentthe big league prospect to the knob tostop the Bourbonites.Throughout the game Paris madeonly five safe hits, one of which was ascratch and Mollenkamp, the hu3kyinitial sacker, got the credit for threeof the total number. The third defeatof Boniosh since he made his debut inthe Blue Grass, was the second he hassuffered by one run. In each gamehe has pitched the local agregation hasfailed to hitstrongly behind him. Inthe game yesterday he showed a marked improvement and fast fielding in theeighth inning would probably havekept the total number' of runs to amark whichlcouldjhave been overcome.The three two-base hits, with the exception qf possiblv one, could havebeen reduced to singles, and the visitors should consider themselves extremely lucky to get away with thecontest.Lock was the star in the field, Accepting ten chances without a bobble, andseveral of the number were nothingshort of difficult. However, the defeatof yesterday, we hope, will be a signalfor a victory to-day, for the two teamsmeet again this. afternoon. ManagerHarrel will, send either Hauser orApplegatej to the mound. CatcherHicks, who has been out of the gamesince Sundav, iai still suffering fromhis badly bruised finger, and hisabsence behind thu bat is oeing keenlyfelt, although Goodman is putting upan excellent game at the receivingend, but his services are more neededin the outer garden.Maysville will be the attraction atyhite Park Saturday afternoon, whichwill brine to a close the present seriesand Sundav the locals will meet thePioneers and . Monday Mt. Sterling,which has been strengthened to amarked degree, will come tor a seriesof two games.Paris came out with the long end ofthe series with the Orphans in Mt.Sterling Tuesday and Wednesday, winning two out of the three contests. OnTuesday Paris broke even in the doublebill, losing the. first game by a scoreof 2 to Kafter playing twelve hard innings. Hauser opposed Sanford, thelatter proving the best in the longdrawn out struggle, holding the localboys to five hits. The game was theprettiest played on the Mt. Sterlinggrounds and was featured by the clever fielding of both clubs. The secondgame went for seven .innings and waswon by .Pans bv a score of to 0. Applegatewas on the rubber for Parisand was invincible. Only four menwere able to get on bases in the sevenrounds, two on base on balls, one on ahit and one on an error. Odell wastouched for ten safe drives.The game Wednesday was won byParis by a score of 10 to 6. Harroldwas on the mound for Paris and waswild in the extreme, passing nine menand hitting another. The Paris teamwas assisted in the run getting by theerrors of the Orphans .who had a totalof eight to their credit.Chief Users of Pig Iron.About one-third of the world's product of pig iron is accounted for in theUnited Kingdom, United States andGermany.Dies of Pellagra in Hospital.The first death of a citizen of thiscity resulting from pellagra, occurredWednesday, when "Aunt Cynthia"Parker, colored, aged about 70 years,died at the Eastern Kentucky Hospitalin Lexington. "Aunt Cynthia" hadbeen confined in the institution forsome time, being sent there by orderof the Bourbon County Court' for treatment, her mental faculties being impaired, and it was there. cJt is believed,the dreaded disease was developed.She was well-known among the whitecitizens of Pans.Product of Bermuda Lily.It is not uncommon for a Bermudalily grower to plaut 15,000 bulbs at onetime.Lei Off With Fine.John Hunter, Of Owsley county.,William Young, of Lafollette, Tenn!",and Robert Smith, of Crab Orchard,who were arrested last Monday nightby Jailer Joe Farris, on the chargeof having robbed Andrew James, amember of a gang of laborers on theL. & N., railroad were arraigned inthe county court; aod fined 5.00 andcosts each. James who wTas drinkingthe night the robbery tooky place,made a statement Tuesday that themoney which he tnought had beentaken from him had been found andthe only charge that was preferredagainst the men in court was disorderly conduct.When to Break Your Word.Never break your word unless youjan do it when a hyphen will fit inalcely Llppincotfs Magazine.Ashurst Farm Sold at Auction.Harris & Speakes.real estate agents,of this city, sold yesterday at publicauction on the premises, the farm ofMr. Lloyd Ashurst, Sr., to Messrs.Lloyd Ashurst. Jr., of Bourbon county,and Chas. Ecton, of Clark county.The" farm, which is located on theBethlehem pike, about three and onehalf miles from' Paris contains i totalof 245 9-10 acres.xne price paia ior io acres oi triethe terms of the sale purchase mone'vj.vii uuu oiuauci. biakv, auiuuwiUK III meaggregate to about$6,850, must be.paid in cash on thesurrender of thedeed. vHOT WEATrJER POULTRY CARERemove Every Window and SubstituteWire Netting for Ventilationof Hen House.It does not require much hard workto keep a flock in good condition inthe summer, but absolute neglect willoften completely destroy the winteregg-producing qualities of not onlythe old hens, but the pullets as well.If you have not removed every window in the chicken house and substituted wire netting, in order to provideperfect, ventilation, do so at once.Better that the chicks roost in thetrees than that they be confined in avermin-ridden building.Body lice" will worry a flock todeath, or so nearly so as to destroyits usefulness. These can be killed,but not easily.Good insect powder will do thebusiness. It should be applied with apowder spray by one person, whileanother holds the 'fowls by the legsso that the powder may reach everypart of the skin through the disturbed feathers.TURKEYS NEED LARGE RANGESmall Pen in, Town Is Absolutely NotSuitable for Rearing Meat ForChristmas Dinner.For those persons in town who arethinking of raising a turkey or' two intheir back yards there is trouble instore. The back yard or pen Is notthe place for a bird which refuses tobe" domesticated, W. A. Lippincott,head of the poultry department at theKansas Agricultural college, says.The farm is the place to raise turkeys. They must have a good range.During the first few months it is better to give them no grain, but let themforage and eat bugs. If small turkeysare 'cared for in this way, the fatalitywill be much less.Professor Dippincott suggests thatyou let some farmer take your youngturkeys and rear them. You might arrange to pay a little rent to a farmerfor allowing your birds to roam in hispastures. Then, along about Thanksgiving, all you have to do is to go outand harvest your turkey. 'fSHADE FOR CHICKEN COOPSShelterClothIs Provided by Means of SailWhere Trees or Bushes Are" Found Scarce.By means of a sail cloth, duck, orfactory cotton curtain shade may easily be supplied chickens where thereare no trees or bushes. In such a caseShading Chicken Coop.as illustrated herewith the stakes areabout 2 feet long, and driven 4 to 6inches in the ground. The curtain istied only at the corners. On thewindy side the tying is closer to theground than on the lee side. Thisis of special help in spring.Keeping Birds Graded.Be sure to grade your birds according to size as the weeks pass. Whenyou find that some are outstrippingthe others, take them away and putthem with birds of their own size. Ifyou have toe-marked the feet and haveput on legbands, you will be able totell the facts regarding them at anytime.Here is where the value of recordscomes in. Keep an accurate record ofevery hatch, and then grade the birdswithout having to feel that if you mixthem up you will not be able to tellthem again when you want to knowcertain things about them,""The contented and happy hen is thelaying hen.Round pebbles will not do for roughedges to grind the grain.A writer recommends boiled rice,for diarrhea in young turks.Imitate nature as' closely as possibleand your turkey crop will pay out.Eggs should always be protectedfrom the hot sun while being taken tomarket.Windows should now be out of thepoultry house and wire netting tackedin their places.A floorless brood coop on clean,dry ground is better than one with aboard floor in it.The average hen outlives her usefulness in two years, and is more profitable sent to market.Whether kept for hatching or market eggs ought to be kept free fromany form of moisture.When eggs are soft shelled the hensare either too fat or do not get enoughmineral matter in their feed.Don't neglect the water supply asplenty of water helps to keep thehens in good laying condition.A safe rule to follow in chick feeding is to give' them just as much asthey will clean up nicely at each feed.The incubator- is no longer an experiment, and the demand for poultryproducts suggests its more generaluse. '. Thp "nHHtv" hlrd ia rmo hQj a go,od strain' he?ce 'hKitsown economic values: ,i-rlOne feeding rule-is to give the henshalf as much as they, will eat of amorning, nothing at noon and a fullmial at night; ' 'Ifr -Jja-r-n ifMATRIMONIAL.SNELL-BALLAGH.Mr. S. B. Ewalt, of near this city,is in receipt of an announcement ofthe marriage of his grand, daughter,Miss Nannie Snell, of Gallop, N. M.,to Mr. F. L. Ballagh, of San Francisco,Cal., which took place in the formercity on June 11. The bride is thedaughter of Mrs. Lizzie Snell, formerly of this county, who for a numberof years has made her home in theWest, and is a nefce of Mrs. J. C. Keller, of Kisertown. She is an attractive and accomplished young woman.Mr. Ballagh is a young business manof San Francisco, in which city theywill reside.The Alamo's Progam for Week.Friday A Batchelor's Waterloo,Lubin ; Their Golden Anniversary,Vitagraph; A Child of Wilderness,Selig. ,Saturday Gent From Hondurus,Kalem : An Outcast Among Outcasts.Biograph ; The Honeymooners, Lubin.Advertise for Bids.Mrs. E. F. Clay and Mrs. W. E.Simms, trustees of the W W. MassieMemorial Hospital, having acceptedplans and specifications submitted byArchitect!!. L. Rowe, of Lexington,for the remodeling of the G. G. Whiteproperty in White addition for the hospital, will receive sealed bids for thework not later than July 27.Refrigerators; Lawn and PorchFurniture.See my immense stock of refrigerators ; every size and of best makea.My assortment of lawn porch furniture is unequaled.A splendid line of rugs, carpets andwall papek to select fromLCall and lock them o er. Pricesmost reasonable.J. T. HINTON.Silver Slice Cake.iStone's Silver Sliced and Kroner'sCountry Club Cakes at Fee's.DEATHS.WELSH.Mrs. Mary Welsh, agd 70 years, diedWednesday afternoon at 3 o'clock ather home near Centerville, after anillness of several months of dropsy andneuretis.Mrs'. Welsh was the widow of thelate John Welsh, whd died about nineyears ago and is survived bv ten children, six daughters, Mrs. RichardO'Donnell, of Cincinnati, Mrs. ThomasGleason, of Paris, Mrs. Robert Walker, of Bourbon, and Misses Annie,Mary and Gertrude Welsh, who residedwith their mother, and four sons,Messrs. Edward, John, William andJames Welsh, all of Centerville. Onebrother. Mr. Thomas Burns, also survives. The funeral will be held Saturdaymorning at the Catholic church at 9o'clock. Rev. Father O'Dwyer officiating. The pall-bearers will be Wm.Burns, George Burns, John Mahar,Thos. Mahar, Jerrv Sullivan and JohnBlake.LOST.Pair of nose glasses on streets ofParis. Same were in case with 'nameof optician "Prince, Cincinnati" ononejside. Finder please leave at Newsoffice. 19-3t.FOR SALE OR RENT.My property nn Houston avenue.House contains seven rooms, modernimprovements, bath and furnace. Prefer to sell at earliest Dossible date.Also dining room suite and book case.For further particulars, callloniMRS. A. R. BROOMHALL,It . Phone 609Notice.Sealed bids will be received for theerection of the Bourbon Tobacco Warehouse, on Saturday, July 20, at 10 a.m., at the office of Dodson & Denton,1520 Mam street, Paris, Kv. BidsI will be taken separately or as a whole.. , xitiuo auusijeuiuuauuijt) can ue luuiiuat the above named office. Right reseived to reiect anv and all bids.S. K. NICHOLS,General Manager.16-2t Paris, Ky.FridayrorTable Tumblers, purestthinlead blown glass, each 3c.Genuine Sunburst Cut GlassTumblers, all brilliantly finishedstar cutting, each 9c.Colonial Glass Ice Tea Tumblers, each 8c.Silver Berry Spoons, each 25c.Frying Pans, small size, each5c.Steel Griddles, only 10c.Perforated Cake Turners, 5c.Embroidery Hoops, all sizes,a pair 3c.A 10c package envelopes, purelinen for 5c.Sanitary Drinking Cups, perdozen 5c.Mason Fruit Jars, with porcelain caps, including rubberrings, per dozen, 49c.Shipping Tags, per hundred,10c.Wood Butter Bowls, oc.Butter Jars with cover, 3 lb.size 10c.Highest Grade Sewing MachineOil 8c.Jardmere'and Pedestal, 8 inchlsize fort 25c., J" , H- ?;A xjLjLIaOnly jMaster Commissioner'sSALE-OF-FARM!BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Robt. H. "Wilson and Isaac "Wilson,Plaintiffs.Vs. Notice of Sale.SallieC. Corbin, Etc., - DefendantsUnder and by virtue of a judgmentof the Bourbon Circuit Court, rendered in the above styled action, at theJune, 1912, term, the undersignedbpecial CJomimssioner of the BourbonCircuit Court, will sell at public auction to the highest and best bidder atthe court house door, in the city ofParis, Kentucky, at about the hour of11 o'clock a. m., on 4MONDAY, AUGUST 5, 1912,the following described property:That certain tract ofJancl in Bourbon County, Kentucky, on the Harpand Innis turnpike, about seven milesfrom the city of Paris,containing about118 acres, known as the Corbin farm.About 30 acres thereof being on thenortheast side of said turnpike andthe remainder on the opposite sidethereof. Said land is adjoining theSteele heirs on the north and Steeleheirs and John J. Piper and G. A.Smedley on the east side ; John J.Piper and Mrs. Agnes Jacoby on thewest side, and beingthe same tract ofland conveyed by Tazwell Marr andT. K. and B. B. Marsh, in trust ofRachel Corbin and her children bydeed of record in the office of theClerk of Bourbon County Court inDeed Book 44, Page 253.Said sale being made to satisfy ajudgment of Robert H. Wilson againwfcthe defendants, Sallie C. Corbin andMattie Corbin, for the sum of 84,000.00, with 6 per cent, interest thereonfrom the 19th day of March, 1910, until paid, and for-the farther judgmentof Isaac "W. "Wilson against the saiddefendants for the sum of $2,000.00,with 6 per cent interest from the 19thday of March, 1910, until paid, andthe additional sum of 8157.10 courtcosts.Said sale will be made upon thecredits of six, twelve and eighteenmonths for equal parts of thejmrchasamoney, the purchaser being requiredto execute bond for equal installmentsoj the purchase price, with good security, to be approved by said MasterCommissioner, payable to said Commissioner, and bearing interest at therate of 6 per cent, per annum fromdate until paid, and to retain a lienupon the property until fully paid,and to have force and effect of a,judgment.c a. McMillan,M. C. of the B. C. C.David Thornton, Atty.M. F. Kenney, Auct. j 19-26 a 2PRIVATE SALEOFDESIRABLEProper!I offer for sale privately two verydesirable pieces of residence propertylocated on Mt. Airy Avenue.One, a modern two-story brickstructure, with slate roof, in one ofthe best residence localities in Pari3.The other, a modern and up-to-dateframe cottage, adjoining residence.Both pieces of property are conveniently arranged and contain all themodern appurtenances necessary in acomfortable home.Those interested are invited to callon me and I will make the price satisfactory. BUSINESS PROPERTY.I also have for sale two centrallylocated pieces of business property onMain street. This property is acrossthe street from the Fordham. Hotel,and is suitably located for a hotel orother business purposes. Both piecescontain store rooms and desirableflats.Those interested are invited to callon me and I will make the price satisfactory. MRS. MARY tk. PATOX,19jy-2t Paris, Ky.;oKie-A- A 4.GltflDaisibe Insurance AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Tobacco Farmers, OpportunityVery productive and fertile Tobaccolands, free from stone, excellentwater, climatic and healty conditions;with finest automobile roads in theSouth. Near city of fifteen thousandpeople. An extra inducement to encourage tobacco raising. "We will sellthese lands in tracts of eighty acresup.at from 112.00 to 20.00 per acre,payable ten per cent cash and tenyears on balance if. necessary, withsix per cent interest on deferred pay-inents. AddressNATCHES DISTRICT DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE,-Natchez, Miss.(12jy-lm). tJ11 1it -t,:i4. lfSr1.1 tllrf.,., .to.Vf .. i ,1 .tp''&t..I WiJLiL'lflWfMM!"WrOi.MTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKYJULY 19 i912.sXH'l "HE BOUfcBON NEWS.JfetsALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGMattings and Rugs.Another lot of 9 feet by 12 feetReversible Matting RugE. $3.45.3 feet by 6 feet, 45 cents. -Also 11 feet S inubes by 9 feet,stenciled on one side. Matting Rugs.52.35.On sale now.12jly-tf. J. T. HINTON.Ice Cream Supper.iThere will be an ice cream simper atMt. Carmel Church Saturday evening.Julv 27. Everybody invited. Admission 25 cents.Melons on Ice.Fine Georgia watermelons and California cantloupes on ice at all times.Phone us your oder.16-2t SAUER.Broken Sizes.One lot of broken sizesof Warner Kustproof Corsets, regular $1.50, $2, $2.50and $3 corsets during the Clean SweepSale at 98c.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Conducting Revival at Berry.Rev. E. M.,hightfoot, pastor of theParis Baptist Church, left Wednesdayfor Berrv, where he will assist in arevival meeting in progress in thatcity and which will continue for twoweeks.A Bargain.$1.50 quality white corduroy skirtsat 95c. during the Clean SweeD sale.SIMUN DEPT. STORE.Examinations Today.The July examination for teachersdesiring the countv certitficates willb e held today and tomorrow at theoffice of the county superintendent,Miss Mable Robbins at the courthouse.At the same time an examination foradmission to the State University andState Normal School.will be held.Specials.During the Clean Sweep Sale 15ccans Colgate's Talcum Powder for lie. ;25c cans for 19c.SIMON DEPT. STORE.PERSONAL MENTION.Mrs. Woodford Daniels entertainsthis afternoon at cards.Miss Margaret Buchanan is visiting relatives in Covington.Miss Elizabeth Best has returnedfrom a two months' visit in Cincinnati.Mr." Edward Tipton, of Omaha,Neb.., is visiting relativesjnthis city.Miss Kate Alexander is visitingMr. and Mrs. Hughes Bronston, inLouisville.Mr. A'Josselson.of Pittsburg, Pa.,is the guest of his brother, Mr. Jos.Josselson.Mr. Geo. Ashurst. who underwent an operation last Sunday, doesnot improve.Miss Ruth Morgan arrived Tuesdaj from Nashville Tenn.. for a visitto Miss Belle Horton.Mrs. C. E. Long and Miss HelenLong, of.Frankfort. are guests of Mr.and Mrs. Geo. Wilder.Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Ellis and son,Thornton Ellis, of Boston, are guestsof Mrs. Nellie Highland. ', Mrs. J.P. Sullivan has returned toher horae in Lexington after a weeksvisit to 'Mrs. John Connell.Mrs. M. Stuart left Tuesday forLouisville to accept a position in theOrphans' Home in that city.Dr. Margaret Stivers and MissMabel Robbins visited Mrs. WilliamMassie in Carlisle Wednesday.Mrs. Henry Craig.of Georgetown,was the guest yesterday of her parents, Mr. and Mra. J. W. Davis.Mrs. F. S. Elder left Tuesday forLake Village, Ark., to visit her parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Daniel.--Mr and Mrs. W. F. Conway, ofCynthiana, have returned home aftera visit to Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Larkin.Misses Ida Mae Ryan, of Millersburg, and Alice Slattery, of Paris,are visiting Miss Sarah Collier, atHeadquarters.Misses Madelin and Edna Oldrichand Susie Childs, of Maysville, areguests of Mrs. Thomas Best, on SouthMain street.b. Rae & Coat Fee's.Olive Oil.s pure Italian oilveoilPitching for Orphans.Mr. Thomas Reeves, of this city,who last season was given a trial withthe Paris club,is now pitching for theMt. Sterling club and is regarded asa very valuable acquisition to thepitching staff of the Orphans.Imported Sardines.Imported French and PortugeseSardines 15c. to 30c. per can at Fee's.Clean Sweep Sale.$7.50 linen coats at $3.98 during theClean Sweep Sale.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Business Property Sold.Harris & Speakes. the real estatehrm, sold to John Fudold, the Reynoldspropety at the corner of Eighth andjcamore streets. Mr. Fudold, untilrecentey was a successful grocer inCarlisle, but a short time ago lost his-tock in the fire in that city and willopen a grocery in his new location immediately. The price paid for theproperty was $3,000".Tailored Skirts.Ladies' $6.50 and $8.50 tailoredskirts during the Clean Sweep Sale$3.98; $10 ana" $12 tailored skirts at.3.S5.SIMONS' DEPT. STORE.Camping Party Arrives Home.The Paris boys who have been em'ov- jing camp lifeat Camp Daniel Boone, jtn the Kentucky River, arrived home jesterday, after one of the jolliestitimes on record at this most pleasant tplace. Those who havn enjoyed thesport during the ssummer there areThompson, Edgar Vansant,Miss Sarah, McGinley, of Cincinnati, is the guest of her brother, Mr.Henry McGinley, and family, onFourth street.Mrs. Carl Wilmoth entertained atbridge yesterday afternoon and will hehostess to the six-hand euchre clnbthis afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Dickersoirfand son, Mr. Earl Dickerson, leftWednesday for Crab Orchard Springs tospend several days.Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Shacklefordand son. Earl Dudley Shackleford, accompanied by Miss Martha Hite, areguests of relatives in this city.Mrs. Grover Baker, whose little14-year-old son was buried here Tuesday afternoon, is very ill at jthejhomeof Mr. and Mrs. Henry Meade, onSouth Main street.Mrs. C. H. Harris and daughter,Miss Vertna Harris, who have beenhere on a visit to Mr. and Mrs. L D.Harris, have returned to their homein Chattanooga, Tenn.The Young Ladies' Mission Circleof the Christian church held an interesting meeting withMrs. Carl Wilmoth 1Tuesday afternoon. Miss Ruth Myall,of Liberty. Mo., was present, andgave a talk. A refreshing ice wasserved.Rev.'G. W. Clarke, of Henderson,formerly pastor of the Paris Baptistchurch, was in tne.city Wednesday enrcute to his home from Millersburg,where ne officiated at tne servicesover the remains ot Mr. E. P. Clarkeat that place, Monday.Handsomely engraved invitationshave been issued to read as folllows :Mrs. William RenneyAt home jThursday, July twenty-fifth,Three to Six o'clock,249 Mt. Airy Ave. Paris, Ky.Mrs. Mary Bradley and daughter,Miss Nevada Bradley, of Bellevue,have moved to Paris, and aie occupying the property of Mrs. Elizabeth C.Rogers, in East Paris. Mrs. Bradley isthe mother of Mr. N. H. Bradley,foreman of the Paris Broom Factory.Mrs. Lenox Rose, who has been thecharming guest of Hon. and Mi's. Sidney G. Clay, will return home thisMr.Tuesday evening, from 8 until 11o'clock. Those present were: MissesLucile Burnaugh, Carlisle ; MargueriteBedell, of Gallaoolia, Ohio ; Etta JBeheler, Margurite Douglass and Messrs.Elmer'Thompson, Keith Phillips, William Talbott. Hiram Roseberry, Harold Harris and Revell Whitridge, ofBaltimore. These young people had amerry time and the evening was greatly enjoyedMiss Lillian Dejarnett is -visitingfriends in Mt. Sterling.Mr. Pat Kan is suending a fewdays with friends in Chicago.Mrs. L. B. Purnell has returnedfrom a visit to her sister, Mrs. LeeBarbour, near Louisville.Miss Sarah Powers, who has beenvisiting relatives in Mason and Fleming counties, returned home Wednesday. Miss Margerite Bedell, who hasbeen the guest of Miss Etta Beheler,has returned to her home at Gallanolis, O. )E Judge E. B. January was in Lexington yesterday to attend the meetingof the trustees of the Odd Fellows'Widows and Orphans' Home.Mrs. Reuben Goldstein and son,'Master Elmer Goldstein, and MissFreda Schurr, of Cincinnati, areguests of Mrs. Harry SaloshinMr. Albert Hollidav, of Chicago,formerly a resident of this city, isvisiting his sisters, Misses Emily andCarrie Hollidayand Mrs. George Judy.3 Mrs. J. A. Saunders, of Parkersburg, W. Vav formerly Mias JennieWhaley, of near Paris, arrived Wednesday atternoon, for a visit to relativesand friendsMrs. Anna Hutchcraft has 'returned from Louisville and reports Mrs.Leon Bell, formerly MissNita Hudson,ot Paris, improving rapidly from arecent severe illness.Misses Margaret and LouiseMorrison and John C. Morrison. Jr., ofHuntington, W. Va., arrived yesterdayfor a visit to their grandparents, Mr.and Mrs. J. ,D. Butler, on Mt. AiryAvenue.Mr. and Mis. H. D. Haynes, ofFern Bank. Ohio, arrived Wednesday,accompanied bv Mrs. S. Lilleston andMiss Laura Lilleston, who have beenvisiting in Ohio. The party made thetrip in Mr. Haynes' auotomobile.Immense Line o Wall Paper.Z Call at my store ana pick from thelarge new stock of wall paper justwhat you need and have it put on yourwalls. Experienced decorators areready to do your work.J. T. HIINTON.IGarth Fund Examination,The present beneficiaries of" theGarth Fund are requested to meet theundersigned commisioners, for examination, in the basement of the courthouse in Paris, Ky., on Thursday, July18, at 9 o'clock a. m., and you willbring with vou the text books usedduring the past year and your reportsof expenditures with the receipts.All new applicants for the fund willmeet the commissioners on Friday.July 19, at 9 o'clock a. m., at thesame olace.JOHN T. COLLINS,CLAUDE M. THOMAS,EMMEl'T M. DICKSON,Commissioners.Guarantee With The "Davis Fifteen."A guarantee that they are betterthan any other $15 clothes made.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Protect your growing tobacco with Hail Insurance.THOMAS & WOODFORD.Try The "Davis Fifteen" First.It's no experiment,true clothes value .tyles.J. W,but a triedAll colorsandandDAVIS & CO.PublicSaleOF VALUABLEReal Estate!!jOn Tuesday, August 6I -,,r.ni . t?;i; i?,.o o,, wm" r?.B ' week, accompanied by Mrs. Claytill Moore, Geo.' White Fithian, Ed-, and Mrs. Rose and Mrs Clay will sailward Fithian. Chas. Spears, Edward frora New York the.latter Dare of nextHIT . UUHK till' it M -WI'-.t. MINI 111 I'JIII llllh1.inSnears. Marmaduke Brown, MarionDouglas. Edward Myall, PrenticeLancaster, Cassius Clay, Juhn Stuart.Fine Cheese.Imported Swiss, Brick, Pimento andOld Cream Cheese at Fee's.will bpendtour ofhis vacation1912, on the premises, at thehour of 2 o'clock p. m., I willoffer for sale 10 desirable building lots, located in Williams Addition to the City of Paris.These lots are located wherethey will always rent.Also three houses and lotslocated in Claysviile.All of said property rents welland for a small investment can'tbe beat.Terms made known on day ofsale.For further particulars, applyto WALLACE JACKSON.M. F. Keniey, Auct.19jy6tDuring Sale.$8, 10 and $12 lingerie dresses$4 93 during the Clean Sween Saie.SIMON'S DEPTSTOKE.atBig Reduction on Low Cut SoesBeginning this week we will reduceall Hanan and Nettleton Oxfords andall ladies' pumps and Oxfords.We have a great many white shoesand pumns in Nubuck and canvas thatwill be g"reatly reduced. These will.belor cash only.GEO. McWILLIAMS.Grand May Lose Beveridge.The patrons of the Paris Grand willlearirfwith regret ot the possibility ofthe management losing the services ofProf .Hairy Beveridge the genial andclever pianiet, who has been connectedwith that house lor the past two seasons. Mr. Beveridge has receivedseveral flattering offers from differentcompanies throughout the country urgioc him to accept engagements withthem. However, it is hoped by hismanv frienls and admirers here thathe will.decide to remain in Paris during the" coming season. He is, withoutdoubt, the cleverest man in his line ofwork ever heard here. His impromptuwork with the pictures and also thevaudeville, is certainly a gift. Whilewe regret to lose him. we can trulysay that pe jple who secure his servicesshould ontider themselves lucky.Mr. ClayCanada.Mrs. AmdeliagBarclay has returnedfrom Chicago, after a visit to Mrs.Mary Barclay and grandchildren, Mr.Arthur Barclay and Mrs. Koy C.Clegg. Mrs. Barclay reports the -condition of Mrs. Clegg.gwho was formerly Miss Frances Barclay, to be such as ,to' cause her family much uneasinessand in a few weeks, in company with 'her little ,'daughter, Have for a six-,months' stay in the West for the bene-!fit of her health. Mr. ArthurilBarclay,who for ten years was connpeted withthe Marshal Fields establishment, nowholds a responsible position in theoffices of one of the largest fisheries inthe Windy City.Miss Etta Beheler entertainedMonday morning at her home onTwelfth street with a thimble party,! for her guest, Miss Marguerite Bedell,of Mt. Vernon, Ohio. An interestingcontest was given, in which Miss EdnaKeller won the prize, a silver thimble.Those present were Misses Bedell,Beheler, Keller, Elizabeth Yerkes,Frances Hancockand Marguerite Douglass. Several other entertainmentshave been given for. Miss Bedell,among them being a neighborhoodcard party by Miss Elizabeth Yerkes.and a "500" party by Miss FrancesHancock. Refreshments were servedand the occasions were much enjoyed.Miss Hancock's guests were MissesMarguerite Douglas, MargueriteBedell, Etta Beheler. Elizabeth Yerkes, Marie Talbott, 3'rances Clay,Ellen Towles, Elizabeth Hinton, Mary.Mitchell Clay, Helen Desha, andMargaret Ardery.Miss Marguerite Douglass entertained a number of the Junior setSTHBtEEJIISl MM ' ', T-TWr.Waar'"ilanyYears9ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank' andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has amended its charter so as tobe able to act as Bxecutor or Administrator of Estatesas Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its Trust'Department is eminently qualifiedto render efficient service.Bourbon Bank TrustParis, Ky.Co.,iCapital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid on Time DepositsMiti i ii j ii hi uUtfFLASHLIGHTS!Complete Line ofFlashlights andSupplies . .I W. Ed. Tucker "sLut-vrAll Summer Goods NowOn Sale at Greatly Redueed Prices. . .ti V:,Alfe. 04-JW. Ed TuckerHII116IrFee's Special-JAUGHERTYBR .8RteaU)lumb2lUi&Tiliintainfnnttt'M.'.anVHr-ninfSlc16 lbs. Standard Granulated Sugar V. . . .$ 1 .OO8 Bars Lenox Soap 25cThree 5c Boxes Matches 1 OcMason Pint Jars, per dozen .- 48cMason Quart Jars, per dozen 58cStone's Silver Sliced Cakes ., 1 0cFee's Grocery Co.J tgpL4jDea rneurana noiireakichen eairinei,dlriTier ready, a?fcLehen cairi-aflmv.'-cJ'xre. j.as Lo-acj.h me aft. -iiir s j-iiAx. jC-uri rovi VneAeA knexw ,xirha a conveniencenef uras unL c? .oi mine.off. yoxt haverC Jbo-a$.h one yei, iry ail meanJ,do so a once, 2oxx'ii 6 ave enoxiah fAom hhinasvoxl uroiild isaJie, in j-iis a feits monhst o pay.J.oA ii and i urij. 4 ave yo-u fvundAedA of. 6epseveAv day. a? xtoxiidn' ake anyhina foA mine.feayy John i aeinf LeeA.I . 2oxtA oicl lAiend,jCoxi.(P. S.cJKey have ApjLendid kizfinn eaLineA?urereof iraxtai vnine. a? aoi from y.i7?X.T. Hinton,NJ-t,vV.-THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JULY 19, 1912tLZLt"fc3MIa-GREEN R. KELLERfWAYSVILLE BOY HEROxJ2AJ.iUL2i!t-ii 'Jt '-waiaijewJAi.'SHAPPY WOMEN.Plenty of Them in Paris, andGood Reason for it, too.ie-i3 vwi-iitiv-3Jw. yaaaa-Laaac jaumn tfESyregig- .vThis s my jrsdeMjrRESCUES WOMAN AND CHILDFROM DROWNING IN THE' OHIO RIVER.TTV,,,rsx?"HfTV1itr rAWouldn't any woman be happy,After years of backache suffering,Days of misery and nights of unrest.The distress of urinary truobles.She finds relief?No reason why any Paris readerShould suffer in the face of evidencelike this :Mrs?. Ida Huffman, 115 Main St.,Paris, Kv..says: "Wehink Doan'sKidney Pills are just fine as we haveused themlwith splendid results. Wewillingiv confirm the endorsement wegave some years ago recommendingthem. 1 suffered Jirom pains across thesmall of mv back." Seeing Doan's KidnevPills advertised, I gota supply atWilson's Drug Store and gave them atrial. I was very much pleased withthe results of their use."For salelby all dealers. Price" 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Bufialo,NeWiYork. sole agents for the United"States.Remember the name Doan's andtake no other.STOCK, CROP AND.FARM NOTES.Fayette farmers are complainingbecause of the scarcity of help in thethreshing season, .and not enough mencan.be secured to .man threshing outnis. zzwtGentry Brothers, of Danville, delivered Monday, the 195 cattla sold toJonas and Simon Weil.some time ago,for Nelson Morris cCo. These cattlewere as good.a lot as ever left thecounty, averaging 1475 pounds andwere sold at eight cents, bringingthese gentlemen a neat sum of$23,000.Thesa'cattle were bought last fall ata nickel and made an average gain of380 pounds.GEORGETOWN COURT The Newsreports Georgetown court as follows :"On account of the excessively hotweather andsit being a busy time withthe farmers, the crowd in town Monday was smaller than is usually thecase on court days. Auctioneer Ben'B. Peak reports one hundred cattle onthe marketand selling at $4.80 to 5.75per cwt. He sold 26 stock cows at2.30 per head ; heifers brought 4 1-2cents a pound."Farmers in the northern section ofNicholas county reportjthat an insecthaslattackedthc corn crop in that portion of thercounty .within the past dayor two and is causing great havoc.They say that the corn is witheringand'has.stopped growing and investigation shows that he cause is from aninsect working on the roots of the corn.They report thatjhe prospects for acorn crop in thatsection of the countyis very poor.MT. STERLING COURT Courtday at ML Sterling was one of thesmallest in many years. About 2,000cattleof.fair quality on the market andtrade was brisk and "good prices wererealized. Highest prices 6 1-4 cents.6Jcents prevailing priceg for feeders.Yearlings 5 12 to 6 cents Heifers4 1-2 to 5 cents. Cows 4 to 5 cents.About 4,000 sheep on the marKet, ewesselling from S3 to S3. 50. Wethers at2 3-4 to 3 cents per.lb. Mat Long, ofBourbon county, bought 29 about 500pound steers of Henry LeMaster atS29 per head.The hemp crop is promisinc andthe only regitt upon the part of triefarmeis istthat thev did not Diane alarger acreage. The price being offered for the lint is the best in manyyears and with the introduction of theO'Nsal hemp breaking machine, witha capacity of f rom8, 000 tol0,Q00 poundsof lint per.day, has removed the troublesome question of breaking out thecrop. It is believed that next yearthat hundreds of acresof Central Kentucky's once famous "money makingcrop will be grown where one is cultivated now.Statistics issued by the Census Bureau, dealing.with the tobacco manufacture industry show that Kentuckywas tenth in the order of States inyalue added by manufacture, Kentucky's averagejnumber of wage earners-engagedin this industry was 3,973,the value of its products for the year,3188,567,786. and the value added bymanufacture, value of products lesscost of materials, was $101,72,424.Indiana had an avearge number of2,794.wage earners engaged in the industry in 1910, the value of its productswas 54,155,348, and the value addedby the manufacture, the value of theproducts, less cost of materials, was$2.565,140.Dysentery is always serious andoften a dangerous disease," but it canbe cured. Chamberlain's Colic,Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy hascured it even when malignant andeDidemic. For sale by all dalers.Bourbon Crop Conditions.During- the past week Bourboncounty has been visited by heavy rainfalls and the effect has been such as toretard the cultivation of crons and thethreshing of wheat, which nad beencommenced, but pasture condition havebeen greatly benefitted.The yield of wheat from the fieldswhich have been cut, is poor, but thequality is exceedingly good. Manyfields have not been-entered an it isfeared the heavy rains may rust thestanding grain or cause that which hasbeen cutTto .sprout in the shock. Theestimate average yield is only about10 1-2 bushels to the acre.Although the season was late thereis a prospect for a goodjerop of corn.ThiscroD has advanced splendidly andrnanv fields are ready for the lastplowing. The outlook forthe tobaccocrop Is most promising. Unless allindications fail the yield of Bourbonwill be larger than last year.Delay .in transplanting from the bedto the 'field by weather conditionsMemg to have been more benecfTialrather than otherwise, an feared, because the plants were healthier andorc able to stand the unfavorableconditions which prevailed here for atime. Any serious damage to the rapidly growing crop will have to come inthe future to prevent Bourbon countyfrom producing her share of the 50,000,090 pounds, which Kentucky proxteeee annually.THIRTY YEARS AS EDITOR.Carlisle, Ky. Col. Green R. Keller,representative from Nicholas and Robertson counties, has just rounded outthirty years as editor of the Carlisle'Mercury. The building where theMercury is now published has beenused by Mr. Keller during the wholeof the thirty years.ROAD UP LICKINGPlat Showing Route of ProposedLine.Carlisle, Ky. The plat showing theroute of the proposed Cincinnati, Licking Valley & Virginia railroad throughNicholas county has 'been filed withthe county clerk here. The surveywas made a few weeks ago. The proposed road enters Nicholas county atBlue Lick Springs, crossing to thesouth side of Licking river there, following the south side of the river tothe C. F. Letcher farm, "where it againcrosses the Licking river and crossesthe Louisville & Nashville railroad atthe north end of the Louisville &Nashville bridge near Pleasant Valley,thence following the river to ParksFerry, then entering Fleming county.The road will run from Newport toCumberland Gap. "NEW TOBACCO PLANT.Lexington, Ky. The board of public works issued a building permit tothe Land Tobacco Redrying and Storage Co. for the erection of a warehouse and redrying plant in Springstreet. The cost of the plant, as setforth in the application for the permit, will be approximately $50,000.The promoters expect to have theplant ready for occupancy by the timethe fall tobacco season opens here.SIX HURT IN RAILWAY WRECK.Lexington, Ky. Spreading railscaused derailment of the rear coachand the injury of several passengersof L. & train No. 9 at Silver Creek,between Maysville and Stanford. Lavin Kirk, of PaintSville ; Miss StellaMcWhirter, of Maysville; Prof. I. W.Ireland, of Stanford; R. G. Vogler, ofCynthiana; Esther Burch, of Stanford,and Hattie Bell Hart, of Bryantsville,were injured.DEAD UNDER A TREE.Richmond, Ky. The dead body ofJames Mitchell, of Lexington, wasfound in a field a short distance fromthe pike near the city limits here. Thecoroner's verdict was that he came tohis death from apoplexy. He had beencoming here for several days marketing fruit. It is thought he became illwhile traveling and crayled over undera large shade tree, where he expired.NARROW ESCAPE FROM DEATH.Glasgow, Ky. Louis Bridgewater, ofCumberland county, had a narrow escape from death by driving over whatis known as the Bear Creek hill. Thewagon ran over the cliff, dragging Mr.Bridgewater and the team after itThe wagon was loaded with logs,which plunged down the hill with theteam, all landing in the creek. Mr.Bridgewater was considerably bruised.GOOD ROADS CAMPAIGN.Carlisle, Ky. The Commercial Clubhere has taken up the question of goodroads and will hold a meeting to devise ways, and means to assist in bettering the condition of the roads kiNicholas county. The bill for Federalassistance in keeping up the roads willbe indorsed and senators and representatives from Kentucky petitionedto support the measure.LIGHTNING KILLS HORSES.Maysville, Ky. Three horses belonging to John Messersmith and twobelonging to Joe Riggs were struckby lightning and instantly killed. Thelightning was the most vivid seen herethis year.HARDIN TEACHERS MEET.Elizabethtown, Ky. The HardinCounty Teachers' institute convenedwith an attendaace of 121 teachers,which was increased to 130 during theday. Superintendent J. L. Pilkentonconducted the institute and Prof. T. R.Cherry, of Bowling Green, was the instructor. Prof. Cherry delivered a lecture at the city hall, which was attended by a large audience. Dr. FredMutchler, of Bowling Green, ind Mrs.J. B. Weaver, of Louisville, also addressed the meeting. .His Name Will Be Sent to CarnegieCommission and Medal Will BApplied For.Maysville, Ky. "While wading in theriver near this place Augustus Cooper,aged 11, got beyond his depth and wasdrowning when Mrs. Jacob Groninger,who was on the river bank, saw theboy and went in after him. She succeeded in getting hold of the drowninglad, but could not .get him out, andboth were being gradually drawn toward deep water, Mrs. Groeninger having fallen, when James Poe, a smallboy, saw their predicament and randown and rescued them at the perilof his own life.He caught both of them by the headand held them out of water, draggingthem to safety. His name will be sentto the Carnegie hero commission andapplication will be made for a medal.THE BAPTIST SESSIONSClose at Georgetown Officers AreChosen For Ensuing Year.Georgetown, Ky. The State Baptistmeetings here came to a close. Theassembly elected officers as follows:President, Dr. B. A. Dawes, Georgetown, re-elected; vice president, Dr.M. D. Early, Monticello; secretarytreasurer, Dr. J. F. Scruggs, Midway;directors, Dr. Dawes, Georgetown; theRev. M. B. Adams, Frankfort; the Rev.J. F. Scruggs, Midway; the Rev. W. D.Powell, Louisville; Mrs. J. N. Prestridge, Louisville; Louis Entzminger,Louisville; the Rev. J. W. Porter, Lexington; W. H. Williams, Glasgow; Dr.'Arthur Yager, Georgetown, and Dr. J.W. Thompson, Owenton.In the Young People's Union the officers chosen were: William HarrisonWilliams, Glasgow, president; JamesA. White, vice president; the Rev. J.T. Bowden, Versailles, correspondings'ecretary and treasurer. The executive committee consists of the Rev. J.L. Shirley, Louisville; Earl W. Foster,Covington; J. H. Shearer, Monticello;George M. Newell, Georgetown; Chester N. Jewett, Cynthiana; the Rev. Dr.J. Paul Bagby, Louisville; the Rev.Wallace Ware, Louisville; the Rev. A.L. Crawley, Louisville; Louis Entzminger, Louisville; " Ben L. Brown,Newport.ROAD FOR BIG SANDY.Will Be Nine Miles Long and WillRun Along Knox Creek Cap.tal $50,000.Frankfort. Another short railroadis to be built in the Big Sandy valleyto make accessible the mineral wealthof the Kentucky mountains.Articles of incorporation for theKnox Creek Railroad C&. have beenfiled with the state railroad commission and the secretary of state. It isto be nine miles long, extending fromthe Kentucky and West Virginia stateline near the mouth of Knox creek, upthe Knox Creek valley to a pointwhere the creek intersects the Kentucky and Virginia state . line.The incorporators are W. M. Ritter,James L. Hamill, C. B. Weakley, J. J.Divine, H. P. Moore, O. Burlingameand J. W. Mayhew, all of Columbus, O.The company is incorporated for$50,000, limited to a half million indebtedness above its bonded debt, andhas the right to extend laterals andbranches. Headquarters will be inPikeville.ROAD PENETRATING MOUNTAINS.Whitesburg, Ky. Trains are nowrunning to mouth of Carr's Fork, nearthe Letcher-Perry border, on the newextension of the Lexington & Easternrailroad, a subsidiary of the L, & N.building into the Elkhorn and Boone'sFork coal fields of this county, and itis said with the same continued rateof progress trains will be running intoWhitesburg within 30 days which ismuch sooner than was anticipated.DEAL FOR CEDAR TIMBER.Glasgow, Ky. The Cedar Co. ofNorthern Tennessee closed a deal fora large boundary of cedar timber onthe Kentucky-Tennessee line, the consideration being several thousand dollars. Cedar' timber in Southern Kentucky and Northern Tennessee is almost a thing of the past. The GulfRed Cedar Co. have worked up over$100,000 worth of this timber into leadpencils.1 AUTO WRECKS BUGGY.Maysville, Ky. Mr. John Collinsand his sister were badly injured onthe Fleming pike,, near this city, byan automobile running into their buggy, practically demolishing the vehicleand making its occupants prisonersby throwing the top over them.MINE CHANGES HANDS.Barbourville, Ky. A company of local capitalists, including A. M. Decker, S. H. Gaddie and S. H. Hughes,purchased the plant of the HugnesJellico Coal Co., located at Elys, Knoxcounty. The purchase price was notjnade public. The mine is operated byelctricity Th new owners will take,charge at once. Following the purchase of the Gibson-Carr coal landson Brush creek the Dean-Jellico CoalCo.. made up of local men, will installa $40,000 mining plant.11 "K Ifrjgan f"n "Tir'Mffcvji iiiiiw iii irvinou1 uwifiMSryCHICKEN COOP IS PORTABLEMississippi Man Invents Device ofKnockdown Style When Not inUse Takes bui Little Room.A new form of knock-down, chicken coop has been patented by a Missouri man. When erected it forms aroomy coop and when taken down itoccupies little space. The structureis of metal and consists of a bottompiece, a top piece and sides and twoends. The roof is curved to shed rainand has a handle by which the coopcan be carried easily. All these partsfiet into each, other by means ofPortable Chicken Coop.grooves and extensions. The door isa hinged flap that can be kept openor closed so that only the farmer canopen it, and has vent holes in it. Withthis door closed the chicken or chickens are perfectly safe during thenight from cats, rats or other predatory animals that roam through, poultry yards and kill so many fowl.FEED HOPPER NEVER CHOKESMinnesota Experiment Station Recommends Device as Shown In Illustration Herewith.A- good feed hopper for grain anddry mash feeding is shown in. the illustration herewith, and is recommended by the Minnesota Experimentstation at Crookston. The diagramexplains itself. The advantages ofthis style of hopper are that it willnot choke, the ) chickens cannot getinto the feed with their feet, the feedis kept dry everi outdoors, and noneis wasted. The wing on each sideshows the roof over the trough tokeep the outside feed dry. One sidekvrwS.-CX"'xrutnyjtiTro.- &6 zt - ---ri"Never Choke" Hopper.of the upper roof may be hinged likea lid fbr filling. The gable shaped projection, running the length of thefloor, allows almost every kernel offeed to be reached by the birds, thuspreventing feed from getting mustyfrom remaining in the hopper toolong.Providing Fresh Air.Birds are so constituted by naturethat they require an abundance offresh air for health and vigor. Theynever do well .with a limited supplyof air. For this reason all coops andDoxes in which poultry of any kindis kept in the summer ..should be asopen as possible.Let the roof be tight to protect Iromrain, but let at least one side be openfor the admission of fresh air at alltimes. The open side may be protectedby wire cloth or other material thatwill let in the air, but keep out rats,etc.Cleaning Up Old Nests.The incubating season is over withpoultry so far as profit to the owneris concerned, and the Minnesota experiment station advises that all oldnesting material be taken out andburned, and that all nesting boxes b.edisinfected and given a coat of liquidlice killer, after which fresh straw maybe placed in them for late layers.The creosote preparations sold atlumber yards for wood preservinghave been used with good effect aslice killers.Disposition of the Cripples.The cripple and the malformedchicken should be put to death immediately after hatching. Such little unfortunates will bring nothingbut disappointment. They will giveyou more care thari. ten well, andwhole ones. They will make you sickof the chicken business and give yourentire .flock a black eye from the first.Kill 'em the instant they are born.Ift.,- - r Wi'II ' I Iymncvwx.irfciiKi,t o.-ajBRifk rU 1tf .b -Uoopf-Khandle fLfsteJOHN JOHNSON,ONE BLOCK WESTOF L&N DEPOTPARIsS, KENTUCKYPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY,ORoundTripSec the Famous High Bridge BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)Tickets sold at GEORGETOWN Eod only on Special Train leaving at 10.50 am.Fop Fulflnformation Call On AnyTIcket Agent," Op AddressK. C. KING, Passenger and Ticket Agent,101 E.MainSt. Phone49 LEXINGTON. KY.IHiHnHBHBHKSHHHIIHHHHHIHPublic daleOPHousehold and Kitchen Furniture.As administrator of JohnB. Grimes,I will sell at his late residence onHiggins avenue, Friday July 12, 1912,at 2 o'clock p. m. , his household andkitchen furniture, cousisting of beds,carpets, chairs, dishes and cookingstove. W. A. GRIMES, Admr.of John B. Grimes, Deceased.(9-2t) M. F. Kenney, Auct.Modern Equipment4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDSome Good AdviceTo the People.t Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KYrCall East Tenn. Phone 374Wanted.To get in touch immediately with ayoung man, coilege student preferred,in connection with Four States Tourpublicity. Here's work for all summerif you want it. Address, statingqualifications, ALLEN S. MOODY,224 Saks B'l'a'g Indianapolis, Ind.Become Young Again.We are too busy, too encumberedstoo much occupied, too active! Wread too much! The one thing needful is to throw off all one's load atcares, and to become young again, living happily and gracefully in the present hour. We mus't know how to putoccupation aside, which does riot meanthat we must be idle. Mrs. HumphryWard.A Good Defense.'How could you tell that uelv elrlj- she had a complexion like peaches andcream?" "No He about that. I meantyUow nea-ches and gour cream."NEWBARBERHOPf IDr--- - i j. .J;;4 V tv r I, tx r rSA6Mf,Juy 2175RoundTripAUCTION SALEOF-City Lois and Collages.I will offer at a public sale on thepremises in the city of Paris, Ky., onThursday, August 8, 1912,at 10 o'clock a. m., the following cottages and building lots all fronting onMarshall street in Paris, Ky:Three cottages on a lot 50x84 feetfronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x84 feet fronting on Marshall street.One cottage, good cellar, cistern atdoor, with front and back porches, onlot 50x84 fronting on Marshall street.One lot 50x8i feet fronting on Marshall street.The buildings are all in first classrepair and are in a very desirable locality. Close to public schools andchurches. Good streets and pavements. The property will be offered seperately and then as a whole and thehighest and best bid accepted.TERMS One-half cash with deferred payment in one year with interest at the rate of 6 per cent, perannum, or purchaser may pav allcash. MBS. LUCY J. DAWSOX(9 jy 9t)EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnai9r0.:And Return.SUNDAY, JULY 21, 1912,Fare $150 And Mum.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orwrate AWH HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SiMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight steeliiHlb' .FinderrerntoundersTed and get reward. "cxai&uMISS MARTHA MYNES1022 High St.Of EOL'RBe.V P01LTRY C'JSZdown a chiVs tbroat curegapes. A few aroT s i:. 'J- -dnnsingwater cures an Jprevents cholera, diai-ri ?and other chick diseases Cn50c bottle makes 12 gallons fmedicine At all druggie..Sample ana "bootlet on '!. -easesof Fowls' sent FitETUBourbon Remedy C. Luiagtaa, ZW.T .Brooks, DmfaistFs QirDsopVHBSl"1"1 .iO"-V1THE BOURBON . NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY,, JULY 19 i9J'2:FAMOUS RESORT BURNSS5r25SDon't Suffer!" I had been troubled, a little, for nearly 7 years," writesMrs. L. Eincher, in a letter from Peavy, Ala., "but I wasnot taken down, until March, when I went to bed and hadto have a doctor. He did all he could for me, but -I got nobetter. I hurt all over, and I could not rest At last, I triedCardui, and soon I began to improve. Now I am in verygoof '?alth, and able to do all my housework."f TAKECarduiTheWoman'sTfriicYou may wonder why Cardui is so successful, afterother remedies have failed. The answer is that Cardui issuccessful, because it is composed of scientific ingredients,that act curatively on the womanly system. It is a medicinefor women, and for women only. It builds, strengthens, andrestores weak and ailing women, to health and happiness.If you suffer like Mrs. Fincher did, take Cardui. Itwill surely do for you, what it did for her. At all druggists.Write to: Ladies' Advisory DepL, Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tenn..for Special Instructions, and 64-page book, "Home Treatment for Women," sent free. J 60TWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.ggChildren's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1.Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentuckyj3gSn.nMS5Sk685!wkX3?)iHmmHttfSKlViA- nr "' " IWhen a New PerfectionComes in at the DoorHeat and Dirt Fly Outat the Window.What would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer to be free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot?JVcw Pfercet ionOil Cook-StoveThis Stovesaves TimeIt saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMadewkhl,2Bd3burnert, with long, enameled, tur-quoae-bluechunaeys. Handtomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-burner torecan be had with of without acabinet top. which is fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etc.All dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CookBook wkh every stove. CookBook also given to aayoMeadwHt 5 cents to cover Bailing cost. -Wkh the New Perfectioa Own, the New PerfectionStore u the ot coaplete cooking device on the marketIt l iuat asack aad haady, too, tor washing. and koamg.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(laaocisacaUtl iKaatacky) 4CiihjjiiaVrri Laafcia.Xy4 hUmmti, t&; WirmliumAUjmmi Ja ! .!.THOUSAND ISLAND PARK IN ST.LAWRENCE RIVER DESTROYED BY FIRE.Half Million Dollars Lost When LargeHotels and Entire Business Section Are Consumed.Watertown, N. Y. Fire practicallywiped out Thousand Island "park, oneof the most popular resorts on the St.Lawrence river, entailing a loss . ofabout $500,000.Although there was a panic amongthe sojourners over the rapid spreadof the flames, no lives were lost.In addition to practically all thebusiness section of the place, the Columbian and Wellesley hotels, theNew York State Educational buildingand the ppstoffice were destroyed.The fire started in Haller's department store from an unknown cause.A strong wind spread the flames withastonishing rapidity, and in a shorttime all the buildings in the vicinitywere ablaze.Practically all of the rcsorters lostall their personal belongings.RESCUERS ARE KILLEDBy Force of Second Explosion in English Mine Seventy-Five LivesAre Sniffed Out.Conisborough, Yorkshire, England.A double explosion in the Cadebycolliery, in this district, caused thedeath of 75 persons. Many others aremissing, and the officials of the' pitthink that the total ddath roll willreach 80. Among the victims arethree government inspectors of minesMany of the men met their deathswhile engaged in an attempt to rescue their comrades, who were cut offin the galleries by the first explosion.During their search a second andmore terrible explosion occurred,which killed most of the rescuingparty."STICKS UP" THIRTY MEN.Chicago, 111. George Rodgers, saidby the police to be a former convict,compelled 30 men in a South Statestreet saloon to throw up their handsand, at the point of a pistol, pass oneby one before him and turn overmoney and jewelry, but before hecould leave the saloon he was arrested. One man, who slipped out a reardoor when the hold-up began, calledPoliceman J. H. Loeck, who, afterRodgers had fired twice at him,knocked Rodgers down with a club,took the pistol from him and placedhim under arrest.PENNSYLVANIA BANKER DIED.York, Me. Oliver E. O. Emerson, abanker and former mayor of Titusville, Pa., died here. Mr. Emerson,who was 78 years of age, came fromPennsylvania, planning to spend thesummer at his old home. A widow,two sons and a daughter survive.OlNNATl MARKETSWheat No. 2 red $1.121.14, No. 3red S1.06()1.11, No. 4 red 90c$1.05.Corn No. 2 white 78 79c, No. 3white 7677c, No. 4 white 7275c, No.2 yellow 7475c, No. 3 yellow 7374c,No. 4 yellow 7073c, No. 2 mixed 7475c, No. 3 mixed 7373c, No. 4 mixed 7073c, white ear 7780c, yellowear 8083c, mixed ear 7780c.Oats No. 2 white 5151c, standard white 5057c, No. 3 white 5051c, No. 4 white 4850c, No. 2 mixed 4950c,iNo. 3 mixed 4849c, No.4 mixed 4648c.Hay No. 1 timothy $2121.50 No.2 timothy $18.5020c, No. 3 timothy$1516.50, No. 1 clover mixed $1920, No. 2 clover mixed S17.5018.50,No. 1 clover $14.50 15.50, No. 2 clovei12.5013.50.Cattle Shippers $6.258, choice toextra $S.258.50; butcher steers, extra$7.858, good to choice $77.75, common to fair S4.256.75, heifers, extraS7.357.50, good to choice $6.507.25,common to fair $3.25G.25; cows, extra $5.60 6, good to choice $4.755.50, common to fair $24.50; canners$23.Bulls Bologna 44.75, extra $4.855, fat bulls $55.50.Calves 25c higher. Extra $8.25,fair to good $6.75(8, " common andlarge $47.75.-Hogs Steady on light shippers andpigs. Heavy hogs $7.757.80, good tcchoice packers and butchers $7.757.80, mixed packers $7.657.75, stags$45.85, extra $6, common to choiceheavy fat sows $5 6.70, extra $6.75,light shippers $7.307.60; pigs 110 lbsand less) $5.257.25.Sheep Extra $3.85, good to choice$3.253.75, common to fair $13.Lambs Extra $8.25, good to choice$6.758.20, common to fair $4.756.50, yearlings $4.255.50, stock ewes$3.254.25.Your Dollar Buys MoreWhen you buy a Studebaker-E-M-F "30" or StudebakerFlanders "20" you get more for your money, dollar fordollar, than in any other car built.There may be other good cars but what is their price?That's the rub. If they really are good cars, they necessarily cost more because comparatively few are built. Somepoor cars, you know, are high priced too, so that the dealercan fool" you by cutting the price. What a car is reallyworth, not what it costs, should be your standard.The Studebaker Corporation has the largest and bestautomobile factories in the world. We could build and sell'any competing car today for less money than its present!price. In your Studebaker-E-M-F. "30" or Flanders "20"you get full value, because the biggest factories and the1best brains in the industry build these cars..VJ"NkStudebaker-E-M-F "30" Touring Car, standard equipped,f.o.b. Detroit $1100. Equipped as above with Top,Windshield, Prest-O-Lite Tank and Speedometer, f. o. b.Detroit $1190.Ow New Art Catalogue Will Interest You Send for it . ' ' ?The Studebaker CorporationDetroit, . MichiganBourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyKENTUCKY TRACTION AND1TERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route.Hourly High Speed ThroughHigh SpeedService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p. m., the last car going onlyas far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington for -Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.m,, the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles Jfor Lexingtonand Paris every 15 minutes after thehour from 6 :15 a. m. until 3 :15 p. m.and at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington'and Paris every thirty minutes after the' hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30,'p. m., and 10:30 p . m., thelast car going only as far as Lexington.GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTON-NICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars leave Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville gevery forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05u. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 p. m.,and at 9 and 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every fifteen minutesrafter the hour.from 6:15 a. m. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.fm.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m:No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfBourbon Laundry, DAVIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postoffice.wfafafafafafawfafaaaaB"nTFT iffr-PHA P rtieular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial oraer You'll notregret it.Bourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.faHUNDREDS NARROWLY ESCAPE.Cumberland, Md. Hundreds of passengers on a train which had justcleared the Sand Patch Tunnel on theBaltimore & Ohio railroad, had a narrow escape from death. The lastcoach of the train barely had passedbeyond the mouth of the tunnel whenhalf a mile of the underground structure collapsed. The place had beenconsidered dangerous for a long time.The Baltimore &1 Ohio will rush workon a new parallel tunnel now beingconstructed at Sand Patch.Notice.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.David Hickman's Administrator,Plaintiff-Vs. Notice.His Heirs, - Defendants- All fperson holding claims againstthe estate of David Hickman, deceased, are hereby notified to present thesame, proven, as required by law, , tome at my office at the court house, inParis, Bourbon county, Kentucky.All claims not presented by September 1. 1912. will be barred.C. A. MCMILLAN; M. C. B. C. C.Insure with W. 0. Hinton.Prompt oavine non - unioncompanies." . .,tfIf IfQJg EoeziJ Trig Fares M18f from Paris to ayvlJT m v Jvl Mn 1 1 ' i 11 1 1 !J 30 &y limit Tourist fares to mtiH 'New York $28.00 Miptf 60 day limit variable route fares to WJM Hew York $32.15 Boston $35.55 MMi AIT AUiNtOk mm a it m & m "LmyW Reduced round trip lares to many vtif m other cities and resorts in the East ttff)M Superior Service to the East toSg552555S1 For partlcahn, rates, feHerj, descriptive CjkJ5jsBiii literaUre and sleeper reserratiems, li&ntt ffyVji'l'iigj v H HARRS Ticket A(eat wfatt;X;)maeaamaef vf- f , --hSn'" F' , - -v. i r ' v A ,i jK-tV t' "THE BOURBON NEyS; PARIS, KENTUCKY, -JULY 19, 1912:-If.Ip , KQcf.i7Qi in the State. Competition is open to von.CAPITAL FAIR, I? JbI1?Bring or send your, poultry, stock, handwork, art, preserves, etc.fecial rates over both interurban and railroad. Now is your chancet?5?oSinBt aminimuin cost, in addition to aeeingthe Fair.For information or catalogue, write ,to the Secreary.J( 4DR. J. P.STUART, Pres.J. W. JEPf ERS, Sect..,1B fc BIrt)!1M, tiV 1nift1wJ"I)e Gome of Correct Tootwear'-manDAN COHEN!)oreaic rvnci-ummernee Sale!We have marked down our immense stock to pricesthat should crowd our store to its fullest capacity.Absocute Necessity Demands ThisExtreme Measure.We must clear our shelves of ail Summer goods. Itis needless for us to go into detail. You all know thecharacter of our store. We have stood the test for years.It is not now a question of profit or even cost. Readthese prices carefully:Mid Summer MarkDown Sale Pricein Ladies' ShoesLadies' two-strap Pumps and Oxfords inAvhite Canvas, iPatent andGun Metal, our ?2grade Mark-downPrice.ent ana$1.24Ladies' White Canvas Button Shoes, alllatest styles, our $2and $2,25 grade,Mark-down Price..fas .Button a noes, an$1.5975cLadies' High-grade White Duck and TanPumps and Shoes, (t 1A O (t AASffiS?!ff2.Z9 K &1.99One lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pnmps,mostly small sizes,81.50 to 3.00 value,Mark-down PriceOne lot Ladies' Oxfords and Pumps,all sizes, 81.50 to $3.00 fvalue, Mark-down 44Price TMark-down Sale InBoys5 and Girls'OxfordsOur best quality Boys' Oxfords in Tan,Patent, Gun Metal 4ffc JP 0S3 value, Mark- rVldown Price m0 mmm B "&rChildren's "White Canvas and Pique Button Shoes, our 1.50 gradesizes 5 to 11, Mark-down WS WBPrice iT r t&Misses' and Children's Patent and GunMetal Pumps and nx J rtfb25Sfe...J1.24 000 99GMisses' and Children's JM fBarefoot Sandals, all s'Z rrL m& cMark-down Price -S? && VrOne lot Boys' White Can- fflga kvas and Gun metal Shoes, SHMark-down Pi ice J?One lot Infants' and Children's Pumps, 75c to $1value, Mark-down Price . .39cMark-downSale PriceAll Our Walk-Over Oxfords atCut PricesNow is your chance to buy a pair ofthisfamous make. Men's $4 All-Patent Oxfords, also some Gun Metal of ourS3.50 line, Buttonand Lace, Markdown Price9wvMen's $4 and S3. 50Walk-Over OxfordsMark-down Price..$3.19One lot Men's odd sizesOxfords, 2.50 to $3.50values, Mark-down Price.99cMen's $3.00 and $3.50Gun Metal andPatent, Markdown PriceOxfords in Tan,S2.39Men's $2 and 2.50quality Oxfords,Mark-down Price .$1.69DAN COHEN,336 Main St., Paris, Ky.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Miss Louise Myall is visiting friendsin Paris.Miss Irene Tackett returned Sundayafter a visit to Owingsville.Born, "Wednesday morning, to Mr.and Mrs. Howard Thompson a son.Mr. E. D. Baldwin, of Maysville,has returned home after a visit here.The home of Walter Baker, in Shiptown, was destroyed by fire Monday.Mr. S. R. Allen attended the funeral of Mr. A. T. McAtee at MaysvilleMonday.Mrs. J. W. Crates, and daughter,of Nicholasville, are guests of Mrs. D.P. Jones.Mrs. T. R. Wilson, of Bobbins Station, is the guest ot her father, Mr. j.F. Chanslor.Mrs. Leslie Shrout, of Owingsville,is the guest of her aunt, Mrs. Katherine Carpenter.Mr. W. V. Shaw returned Tuesdayafter a several days visit to friends atCleveland, Ohio.Miss Stella Hurst entertained Wednesday for her guest, Miss GraceMay of Mt. Sterling.Miss Josephine Pentience, of Tulsa,Okla., and Mrs. Browning, of Cynthiana, are guests of Mrs. Belle Taylor.Misses Florence and Lillian Chancelor, who sustained painful injuriestwo weeks ago are improving niceiy.Mr. Frank Moore, of Lexington,Va., was the guest of Mr. ThomasMcClintock, Tqesday and Wednesday.Mr. A. J. Thaxton sold his propertyat the corner of Sixth and Main St.to Mr. J. D. Calhoun Monday at apaivate sale.Messrs. Thompson and Louis Vimont have returned after a week'svisit to their aunt, Mrs. W. A. Mnnzing, at Maysyille.Mrs. Katherine Carpenter returnedTuesday after a several weeks visit toher mother, Mrs. McNamara, atGrand Rapids, Mich.Little Miss Mary Louise Collier leftseveral days ago for Lake Chautaqna,N. Y., in company with her aunt,Mrs. W. G. McUlintock, of Paris.Mrs. Lillian Snodgrass, and granddaughter, Miss Edith Harrison, ofWinchester, arrived Wednesday for avisit to Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Williams.Misseb Mary Ratcliff White, MarionDudley White and Grace May leftTuesday for their home at Mt. Sterling after spending a week with MissMary Jones.Mr. Harry Renick, of Lexington,arrived Monday as the guest of Mrs.Mattie Hawes and other relatives.His wife and children have been herefor the past week.Everybody is invited to the practical cooking andbaking demonstrationof the new Perfection Oil Stove atMiller &',Best's next Monday .Tuesdayand Wednesday.Mr. R. L. Wilson, Jr., and family,have returned after a visit to Bathand Fleming county. Miss Wilsongot in some work for herself duringher absence in the Lexington Heraldcontest.Dr. Josh Barnes, of Clearwater,Fla., and Mrs. John Harris and threechildren, of Louisville, have returnedto their homes after a visit to Mr.and Mrs. W. R. Barnes.Mr. Clarence Miller is laying a concrete bottom in the cistern ot Peed &McClintck. When the cistern wasdug recently a vein of sulphur waterwas struck at a depth oi about twentyfeet. It has been analyzed by several chemists and pronounced to be ofexcellent quality, containing severalmineral properties. The firm makesthe announcement that severalparties will handle the matter and inabout six weeks they expect to havea bottling works in operation.Eegar, the oldest son of Mr. andMrs. Bert McClintock, while playingnear the creek above the slaughterpens Monday afternoon about 3 o'clockmade of himself a hero. Jack Vaughncolored, who was playing near thecreek got out into the water, and itheincr about 25 feetdeeD at that noint.JThe current being very swift" andJacic not an expert swimmer soon Decame involved in difficulties and hadit not been for the timely aid of McClintock would have drowned. Hehad gone down the second time whenMcClintock"rushed to his aid and cowed him to shoru as he came up. WhenJack was ta?ej from the water byMcClintock he was unconscious. McClintock drag ed him onto the shoreinto a clump of wends, covering himwith wee b in order that the fliesmight not bother him, and then rushed up town for a doctor and other assistance. The news was first baoketo some of Jack's colored friends, theyrushed to the scene, but before theycould arrive J acK naa regained, consciousness and disappeared.I G. W. Clarke, of Henderson. Ky., whohad been Mr. Clarke s pastor for fiveyears while residing in Paris. It wasan able discourse. In none of his comparisons did he lose sight of his subject, and he emnhasized to the greatest extent the "model Christian life.His personal allusions to Mr. A. T.Forsyth, of Paris, brought tears to theeyes of all the Confederate veterans.The music by the quartette wasequally good, while the touching prayer by Dr. C. C. Fisher will always beremembered by those who heard it.The services at the grave were underthe auspices of the Amity Lodge No.40, F. & A. M., Mr. O. K. Rankinofficiatirig. The pall-bearers were A.S. Thompson, Pearce Paton, Geo.Batterton, Paris ; J. F. McUaniel, OR. Rankin and William Wright,JUillersburg. All Confederate veterans were honorary pall-bearers, andthere were ten of them in the procession. Following is a list of out-of-townfriends and relatives: Mr. and Mrs. J.T. Parker, Mr. Frank Armstrong,Maysville; Mrs. Abel Reese.Mrs. SaraTrigg, Miss Anna Pearce Clarke,Helena ; Miss Carrie and Mary Graves,Joe and Charles Graves, Joe Clarke,daughter and son, Oakwoods;Mr. andMrs. E. P. Clarke, Jr., Sharpsburg ;Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Waddell. Flemingsburg; John Allen, Ewing; Mr. andMrs. William Roberts, Carlisle ; Mrs.Ben Perry, Mrs. Charles Carroll Leerand daughter, Mr. and Mrs. O. P.Carter, Mr. and Mrs. Leer Stout, Mr.and Mrs. A. S. Thompson, Mrs. IsaacHaley, Pearce Paton, Geo. Batterton,William Talbott, Judge Denis Dundoh,Buckner Woodford, Sr., Dr. C. J.Clarke, Lan Fretwell, Millard Kennev,John J. McClintock, E. B. January,Miss Anna Thornton, Will Whaley.Misses Frank and Bettie Whaley, Mrs.Steele Marsh. Ollie Marshall, Jan.McDonald, Woodford Spears, Chas.McMillan, Mrs. John J. Connell, Chas.Stephens, Miss Janie James. Jos.Quisenherry, Paris ; Miss Thompson,Amarilia, Tex. ; Wm. Addams." Mr.Jing, Mr. and Mrs Swartz, Cynthiana ;Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Jefferson, Mavslick ; Mr. and Mrs. Reese Clarke,Sardis -Fox Clarke, Georgetown.Postal Savings Show Well.Some interesting figures are givenby the Postmaster General in connection with the working of the postal savings business being done in Kentucky, his report showing that depositors in Kentucky applied on July 1for $23,220 of the third issue of postalsavings bonds. The applicants forthese bonds number ninety-three. Asan indication that the bonds are beingpurchased as a permanent investment,it may be noted that more than 15.000. On of the total amount applied forare in the registered fom. Applications were received for seventy-fourcoupon bonds, seventeen of the 20.00denominations, fifty-three of the $10,and four of the o00. Of the registered bonds application was made forthirty-nine of the 20 denomination,ninety-three of the 100, and elevenof the 500, a grand total of $15,580 ofregistere I bonds.With the respect to the amouut ofbonds applied lor, Louisville leads theother cities of the State with $11,000,and the following in order are Newport, 2,600; Middlesboro, 1,900;Shelby ville, 1,060; Mt. Sterling,1,000; Goorgetown, 800; Lexington,56o; Bardstown, Madisonville, Paris,Vanceburg and Winchester 500 each.The total amount on deposit in thesecities on May 31 was as follows;Louisville $102, 647; Newport $16,874;Middlesboro 7,539 ; Shelbyville $2,208;Mt. Stetling $2,962; Georgetown 829 ;Bardstown 698; Lexington $2,660;Madisonville 2,743 ; Pans $734; Vanceburg $1,022; Winchester 1,144 Thisis the third bond issue since the estab.ishmedt of the postal savings system in this country.Pooled Their Strength.Charges that nine of the'seventeenmembers of the County Board of Education of Pike county have pooledtheir strength and elected teachers inthe county schools for the consideration of $2,000, have been filed withSuperintendent of Public InstructionHamiett, and he will at once investigate the charges. SuperintendentHamiett is now certifying to the lawrequiring Division Boards to electteachers in colored schools within districts having white graded schools.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold bytf A. F. WHEELER & CO.STOCK, CROP AND FARM NOTES.Henry LeMaster sold nineteen500-pound steers to L. C. Ashcraft, ofParis, at 5 1-2 cents.The Montgomery County Fair willbe held at Mt. Sterling next week,This i beginning Tuesday.created some considerable consternation until the little waif was afterwards found. McClintock is about 12years old, a ' boy who is thoroughlycollected at all times and never loseshis head. He has been the . recipientof many compliments for his heroism.The funeral of Mr. E. P. Clarkewho died at his v home Saturday, tookplace Monday afternoon at 3 :30 at theMethodist church. Mr. Clarke wasone of the most prominent citizens ofBourbon county, and it was realizedby all save the family that the Baptistchurch, which had been announced asthe place for holding the funeral,would be entirely coo small to accomFour double deck cars of lambswere shipped from Paris to the JerseyCity market by Caywood & McClintock, and W. H. Whaley, Jr., of Paris,W. D. Mclntyre, of Millersburg, andBooth & Thomason, of North Middletown. The lambs cost 7 cents perpoundThe great harness champion,Judge Cantrill, now the property ofRoswell Eldridge, of New York, hasreturned to his native heath in splendidform antf beauty, and is in the handsof his former owners, Brock Bros.,who will exhibit him at every fair inthis State and surrounding ones. NextweeK lur. jdtuck. win aiKu tatte mm tomedate the many friends, Confederate Frankfort, fcalong with his handsomeveterans and Masons who desired tp strig of horses, including his prize-win-attendthe funeral of this popular man. nmg Golden Rainbow and his gelding,The discourse was delivered by "Rev. 'Romping Ground.pPTOgfGOOD CARE IN HOT WEATHERConstant Attention Must Be GivenThat Hens and Young ChickensHave Plenty Fresh Water.During the spring and summermonths constant care must be takento see that the hens and young chickens have plenty of water and shade,says a writer in the Iowa Home&tead.The hens cannot manufacture eggswithout a liberal supply of water, asa large per cent, of eggs is composedof water. The growing flock, too, willnot develop properly if half famishedfrom thirst. This may mean no winter eggs from the pullets.If one would take the best care ofthe flock he should give it fresh water1n the morning and just after noon.The water that stands in a fountainvery long becomes stale and unhealthy. Water should always bepure and the vessels clean. It is wiseFined for Shooting on Highway.Marion McCov, colored, was fined$7.50 n Police Court, Wednesday morning by Judge E. B. January, on acharge of discharging a pistol on thepublic highway. McCov, it is said,became involved in a difficult with anunknown negro, who was talking tohis wife. The trouble occurred nearthe corner of Main and Tenth streetsabout eight' o'clock. McCoy and hiswife were taken into custody aboutnine o'clock by Patrolman Fred Link.Other cases disposed of in Police Courtwere as follows:John Davs, colored, drunkenness,$7.50.Wm. Wilson, colored, drunk, $10.00.Jas. Jefferson, drunk and disorderly, $12.50.John Barnes, drunk, $7.50.August Bedley, white, drunk, $7.50.John Bales, colored, drunk and disorderly. $10.00.Wm. Wilson, colored, drunk, $10.00.William McCIure, disorderly. S12.50.Oldest Applicant for Pension.Probably the oldest widow of a Confederate soldier applying for a pensionunder the new law, is Mrs. ;NancyRichie, of Carlisle, widow of HenryH.Richie, who served under Major fJohnB. Holladay, of this city, during theCivil War. Mrs. Richie is 90 yearsold. and appeared beiore County Clerkj.u w xow , r, - i:; Li ito keep the water vessels in the shade ouSbh.xui.ppih:iiuu maims.of the house or trees all the day.This leads to the -important questionof shade. No fowls will do well inwarm weather without - sufficientshade. I have made it a special pointto notice my hens in the. summer, andI have discovered that along towardthe middle of the day they will seekshelter from the sun's hot rays. Theywill either retire to the shade of atree or the shelter of the poultryhouse. They prefer to get away fromthe house if they can find suitableshade elsewhere. If no trees aregrowing in the yard and there are nobushes or shrubbery of any kindwhere the flock may find shade itwill be well to construct an artificialshade by setting posts into theground, one at each corner of a parallelogram plot. Nail crosspieces tothese and place boards on them. Herethe hens may find retreat from the hotsun.Committee Named to BuyMachinery.RoadCHICKENS OF SUPERBSingleFastComb White Leghorns Growand Mature Early Birds ofSolid Color Best.At a special meeting of the BourbonFiscal Court Tuesday morning, a committee was appointed to purchasemachinery to be used in road construction. By the unanimous vote of the courtit wa3 agreed to purchase a Peerlesstraction engine, two cylinders and acapacity of 20 horse-power togetherwith five Troy reversible tractors. Itis estimated the engine will cost intheneighborhood of $1,850, and the trailerswill cost approximately $350 each. Thecourt appointed Squires Burria andShropshire a committee to act CwithCounty Attorney Geo. Batterton inI closing the ideal for the purchase ofthe machinery. At the last regularmeeting of the court the committeeappointed to investigate road machinery reported favorably, alter a trip toColumbus, O., and the matter of "purchasing tractor trailers for haulingcrushed rock from quarries to roadswas discussed, resulting in a specialBREED meeting being called, at which theI purchase of the machinery was order-ed.Foolish Waltzing Contest.An extraordinary waltzing watch intfhich eight couples competed tookpart at Allessandria, Piedmont, Italy.(By M. C. ROBINSON.)For chickens that will grow fastana mature eany we Know or no In the evenIng of the 25th instant andLUtrcU. bUlitJUUI LU Lil OlUglC VjUUiUThe dancers commenced at 10 o'clockWhite Leghorns. You will find it much($k MSingle Comb White Leghorns.easier to breed birds of solid color andkeep them true to types and markingsthan to breed the colored breedsStick to one breed and pure bred atthat and you will get chicks all oia color and besides you. will get moreeggs and have much greater successin every way than you will to breedmongrels.Unpardonable Fault.A man should pardon everybody'sfault rather than his on. Cato.did not cease until they were compelled to do so from exhaustion. Atmidday on the 26th, when there remained only two couples in the contest, the jury ordered the terminationof the match, which haG lasted 14hours, and Regaldi, who was adjudgedchampion, fainted immediately afterward.Ought to Be Valuable.Cauliflswer is said to contain thelargest percentage of phosphorus ofany of the common vegetables. If itsvaluable constituent is in any degreecomparable with its pungent odorwhen being cooked, it is worthy of aplace in the front ranks of foodstuffs.Why Not Try a Hammer?What a depth of tragedy lies beneath the following heart cry, whichrings out in an evening paper: Constant Reader Can anyone tell mewhat will certainly remove the glassstopper in a decanter containing whisky? Several methods have been tried,but the stopper seems absolutely fixed.London Globe.IBlue Crass FairSix Big Days and Nights, CommencingMonday, Aug. 12,America's Greatest Horse Show5 Big Saddle Horse StakesRunning and HarnessRaces Daily$25,000 in PremiumsSplendid Display fif EveryClass of Live StocktInnes Band of AmericaSensational Free Acts DailyThe Greater Parker ShowsSee Hie floral Parade Hie First DayReduced Rates on All Roadsfor Catalog or further information addressJOHN W. BAIN, Secretary,Lexington, Ky.iiiiitfrAt9:':&w7ls.&v-V-rf- H1 1t. "Ji i&,Vi, .'A.-jf n J. jtXArJ"1K $S.,x."&fy;xW-4 . ir3fyn'It!'3J?.