sr.;-"-"THE B"APUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI. .PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, JUNE 7, 19120UR60NNEWS.iffftmft4mmmThe Simon Dep't Store.$10.00 Panama HatsFor $4.98$7.50 and $8-.00 SkirtsFor $4.98$ 1 2.50 Whipcord SkirtsFor $8.50 -$25oOO Suits0iOur Entire Line of MiSSineryAt Half-PriceThe Simon Department Store,Paris, KentuckyfSPECIALSFor This Week16 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00Hunt's Supreme Quality Peaches, per can. .30cHunt's Superior Quality Pecahes, per can.. 25cHunt's Superior Quality Apricots, per can. .25cGolden State Peaches, per can 25cGood Table Peaches, per can 15cHunt's Staple Qualitp Corn, per ban ...... .25cHunt's Sliced Pineapple, per can 25cHunt's Red Cherries, per can- 30cHunt's White Cherries, per can 25cSilver Seal Steel Cut Coffee, per lb 30cOld Reliable Coffee, per lb . 30cBourbon Santos, in Bulk 25cFresh Salmon All Week.-4Sm I1isBLUE RiBBON FLOUR25-ib Sack -. SGc5G-ib Sack ". $ 1 .i00-m Sack $3.Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234r- r- sr- x- -s -r-?m mmagl'Kji VYTRAGOOT)The XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years $5-00Boys' two-piece dcublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits withfull lined "knickers;" alsoNorfolk and " knicker "trousers; new Snrinsr stvles.large variety of styles andchecks. A verv nonnlarstyle tor this season, durable serge linings. Allthe style and appearance of riiuch higher-pricedclothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.50PRI6& & 60. GiotniersParis Team is Going Good NowThe Paris team took the Maysvillecrew into camp yesterday afternoon atWhite Park by a score of 4 to 2. The Jlocals held the Rivermen without a rununtil the ninth when a batting rallysent over two runs and saved the embarrassment of a shutout.Koehler, who pitched for Pari?, wasvery effective and while the Bourbonites held the Rivermen safely they werepounding Vance into safe corners whenhits were most needed. Both teamsput up an'excellent article of ball andthe result of the last four games, inthree of which Paris was victorious,shows clearly.the improvement i.hatthe local hoys are making.Manager Harrell is working the menwell at the present time and it seemsthat at last they have hit their stridein their effo'crts to land another pen!nant for Paris. With the addition oiCatcher Kane, who arrived yesterdayfrom Baltimore, the team has beenstrengthened to a remarkable degree,and in his first game yesterday hedemonstrated that he is a catcher ofmore than passing notice and givespromise of producing a better articleof ball than he exhibited yesterday.2 Now that PariH is provided with agood team with still further prospectsof improvement, it shoudl be the dutyof the fans to turn out to the gamesand contribute to the support of theclub. Yesterday following the excel-Inet exhibition of the day before, onlya small crowd was out to witness thegame. There must be an increase inattendance if a team is to be retainedin this city. Let the fans take a littlemore interest in the affairs of the cluband lend their loyal support. Nothingis more discouraging than poor attendance and the time has come to lookahead and take in consideration thatunless the team is supported by the receipts' at the gate, in a short timeParis will not be represented in tjheBlue Grass League.WINCHESTER FRANCHISE SOLD.By a deal closed yesterday the Winchester franchise was Fold to Nicholasville and the season will open in thatcity Saturday with Maysville. All theplayers of the Winchester team will betransferred to Nicholasville. Poor attendance at the games in Winchesteris the cause of the town dropping outof the league and Paris will suffer thesame fate unless interest in the gameis stimulated, It cannot be carried onat a loss, and the sooner this is realized the better.BOOST THE CROWD SUNDAY'.Paris will go to Frankfort today fortwo games with the Lawmakers, returning Sunday to meet the Nicnolaarville club. The locals are expneted topull the chesty Lawmakers down acouplejiLDegs-.ii) .tlje two contests anjwill no doubt administer the same!medicine to the visitors here Sunday, jLet all who are interested in Ihe teammake a good showing of their loyaltySunday and turn out in large numbers.A record breaking crowd would do noharm. It would help matters wonderfully. What's the use of letting ourteam slip away from us for the lack ofinterest? Paris fans have always ha,dthe reputation of being loyal to theirclub, more so than any other town inthe league, and now it is a matterthat should appeal to their f sense ofpridt;. Boost the team . first of" allthingB'and a pennant winning bunch issure to be the result.The Bourbonites were not equal tothe Hustlers when they met at Winchester Tuesday afternoon and theywere defeated by a score of 4 to 3.The local boys put up a stubon fightand after a lead of three runs hadbeen seemed. by the Hustlers in thefirst four innings they tied the scoreand by a narrow margin the Hustlerstook the game in the last inning.Harold and Houser pitched for Paris.The'cotest was fast, and both teamsput up an excellent exhibition. TheHustlers secured eight hits off bothHauser and Harold and Friedly allowedbut six safe drives.a It took twelve innings to decide thegame Wednesday afternoon betweenParis and Maysville, the former coming out with the long end of the scorein what proved to be the final inning.Errors in the fourth and seventh wereresponsible for two of the runs securedby the visitors, and when the Rivermen put up such an excellent fieldinggame, going the twelve rounds without a misplay, the locals were compelled to win the game by hitting.Beer was very effective lor the firstsix rounds,- and in five innings theywent out in one-two-three order, onlyone mar. reaenmg hrst. Two nits inthe sixth counted one run and the samenumber in the iuning following counted another. Three safe orives in theninth tied the score. Hauler wentwell all the way and the game shouldhave been an easy one for Paris had itnot "been for the misplays. In thetwelfth after two had been retireddelayed double steal sent the Rivermenup in uie air ana counted the wit nmgrun. The game was the best witressed on the local grounds this season.r"WE KNOW HOW"WJTO "FATTED CALF" for theProdigal Son, but we do offercomfort and satisfaction to theprodigal clothes-buyer.fIThose who have spent riotously in thepast for bothCustom-Made andReady-to-Wear Clothesand have not found satisfaction will be surprised at the satisfaction they will find in ourready-for-service garments. Not only theprice, but the perfect fit and wearing qualitieswill surprise you,Mitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to MenParis, Kentuckysirainiiinnmiujuniniiji iniiiiuni!iiiniiuniniiiiiinjii!iiii!iinnii!iiiiiiiniiHiiiiniiiiiii;'iiiiiiiiiii!ini!!iiuiiin;ig415? -7FRANK cSc CO.,The Store Where Reliability Reigns.pecial Price Reductions.ONLadies' and Misses' SuitsSILK AND WOOL DRESSESRECEPTION AND DANCING FROCKSSILK AND SERGE SEPARATE COATS2SERGE AND FANCY WOOL SKIRTSillReduction on Skirls.$7.50 "and $8 00 Skirts at 1.98.$12.50 skirts at $8.50.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Paris Green.Pure Paris Green, the genuine article. 31-tf SAUER.Come in and Get Our Prices We AreAlways Willing For Comparison in:- ' Quality and PricesA Nice Home.Any one in the market for a nicehome in a good neighborhood shouldattend the auction sale of the Jas. G.Steely & Co. property on High atreet.on Saturdav, June 8. at 2 p. m. Itmust be sold to close a partnershiphuainesa. . -EHALF-PRICE SALE ON LADIES' SAILOR HATS;.- Frank & Co,Paris, - - KrntiickyDllllUDFQIiMHiraC i!UiiiiiniuiiHiuiwmiiiimiinHiiNiuuiiwgiilllllUUHill1IiIS!tTHE BOURBON "NEWS, ' PARIS, KENTUGjpfi JUNE ; 7,1912.itLIFELONG CURES gg&tif(Establised 1892) BY A 'TRUE SPECIALIST FOR MEN. .(Established J892)Tliere is absolutely no patchwork about the results of Hie course of treatment Irive for eacli of tne diseases I make a specialty, for soon after beginning my-treatment every symptom of disease disappears and the trouble never returnsQUICKEST CURESThat Stay CuredIr. O. I. Dolle. SO MANYLOWEST CHARGESof Any SpecialistA CERTAIN CUREis vrh&t I 'Will give vou if your case is curable ; if not, I will notaccept your money and promise to do anything for you. The bestreferences I could give as to professional reliability are the manycured, satisfied patients I dismiss, which proves that my treatment cures when others fail to even benefit.YOU CAN TAKE MY TREATMENT WITHOUT A CENT ANDPAY AFTER I CUBE YOU. I want a chance to prove I can cureafflicted, skeptical men.Remember, my treatment is different, better and COSTS YOUNOTHING unless you are willing, glad and satisfied to pay me. 'wv-w-rr-cm is nnV-r-E tvtou A ecu irTirfW T (T AW. fTTTtlSTl.X HLOLJ AUi J- J iliXUUU T; W..V-- m- mj - - mm m w (MANY MEN MANY OF "WHOM FAILED TO RECEIVE ACURE IN TREATING "WITH OTHER SPECIALISTS.and Kidneys, Enlarged Glands, Nervous-1neas, Swelling, Uric Acid. tflVaricose Enlargementis a knotty, bunchy, twisted, worm-likecondition of veins, more .often on left side, .hanging lower. "Symptoms Aching or Pain' in Groin orRack, Nervousness, "Weakness, Loss ofVitality, Lack of Ambition. 4I cure Varicose Enlargement by onetreatment in one visit, without a severesurgical operation or suffering, or keepingyou away from business. ,,Blood Poison, Skin Diseases :Rash. Sore Mouth or Throat, SwollenGlaads, Mucous Patches, Copper-ColoredSpots. Rheumatic Pains, Eczema, Itching,Burning:, Nervousness. ,Nervousness, Weakness,Failing Health, weakness", nPoor-Memory Loss of Energy, Drain on theAmbition, Wornout Feeling, Timid, Headache, Backache, Excesses, Melancholy,Easily Excited, Restless at Nightare someef the symptoms that destroy manhood.TJrinary,Kidhey and BladderTxZrmrmr. Obstructions, Straining,UlSeaSeS pain in Back, BladderLady" and the "Carpenter.A French, lady living in London engaged a carpenter -to do some "workfor her at a stipulated price. She wassurprised later to find that he chargedher more than the price agreed upon.When she attempted to remonstratewith him, however, her English failedher, and she said: "You are dearerto me now that when we were firstengaged."AcutcDiseases-gSSiflS11Rheumatism.I FREE CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION. Write for Free Book, 1JBlank and get my Charge, Terms, Time of Care and Full Information FJAddress or call on"DR. C. L. DOLLE, Men-Specialist525 WALNUT STREET,Between 5th and 6th Avenues,(Near Fountain Sq.) Cincinnati, O.SIGN THIS COUPON FOR A VALUABLEBOOK FREE.Question.EE.C L. DOLLE, A. B., B. D., 525 Walnut Street, Cincinnati, Ohio. PHeUe send me free one of your books"Vital Pacta for Men;" also Question Blank, as I desireto describe my cass to you for the purpose of takingtreatment, if I decide you can cure me and yourcharge is low enough to suit me. ,X&zne ...Address .Tri-State.m i 1 j 1 jiir wra tv91 a csjfc2-ae a f-mwnen axewFerComes in at the DHeatat the Windowand Dirt Flv OutWhat would it mean to you to haveheat and dirt banished from your kitchenthis summer take free from the blazingrange, free from ashes and soot ?H'ifiH TO a) ft MSOil Coofe-steveWith the New Perfection Ovea, the New PerfectionStove is the most complete cooking device on the marketIt is just as quick and handy, too, for washing and ironing.STANDARD OIL COMPANY(Incorporated in Kentucky)This Stovesaves Time 'It saves LaborIt saves FuelIt saves YOUMade with 1 , 2 and 3 burners, with long, enameled, tur-quoise-bluschirnnevs. Handsomely finished throughout.The 2- and 3-burner stovescan be had with or without acabinet top, which is fitted withdrop shelves, towel racks, etc.All dealers carry the NewPerfection Stove. Free CookBook with every stove. CcokBook also given to anyonesending 5 cents to cover mailing Ctlt.Covington, Ky.; Louisville, Ky.; Atlanta, Ga.; Birmingham, Ala.; and Jacksonville, Fla.Mammoth Cave.Bourbon county's trip to MamothCave will Joe June 19th. The roundtrip railroad fare from all stations inthe county, $5.65. All expenses atCave hotel, $6.50 for three days trip.This latter amount includes yourboard at Cave hotel, and the severalroutes through the cave, making theexpense for a grand three days outingto the great Subteranean wonder for$12.15. The hotel has.been reserved forthis date. Tickets on sale from allstations. A specially conducted trip.Through coaches on regular morningt rains. -Write or phone L. & N. agent. tdSure Enough Primitive Town.Aden is a primitive place. Drinkingand bathing water is drawn from thesea, condensed and delivered to residents in wagons at one-half cent a gallon. There is no plumbing and modern bathroom fittings are conspicuousby their absence. Washtubs are usedfor bathing purposes. The authoritieshave considered piping water intoAden from Lahej, about thirty milesdistant, but have come to no decisionin the matter as yet. London Globe,New Industrial Material.As the result of many years of experimenting in England, a new substitute for hard rubber, gutta perchaand leather has been announced. It isa product of seaweed. The new material is said to be especially usefulin the electrical industries, being anoninflammable insulation of highdielectric strength, proof againstheat, cold, oils and weather.is, above all other things, theremedy for sickly, wasted children. It nourishes and buildsthem up when ordinary foodabsolutely fails. Be sure toget SCOTT'S. - All DruggwU.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield. N. J. 12-13PARIS, KENTUCKY"SWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 188130 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and FridayOne Year. . . .2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceEntered at Postoffice at Parii, Ky.,as mail matter of the second classADVERTISING RATESDisplay advertisements, $100 perinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue; reading notices in blacktype, 20 cents per line, each issue.Cards of thanks, calls on candidates,obituaries and resolutions, and similar matl er, 10 cents per line,Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right of publisher is reservedto decline any advertisement or othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.Notice.Notice is hereby given all personshaving claims against the estate ofWilliam Marshall, deceased, to pleasefile same according to law at my office at room No. 4 Elks' building andall persons indebted to the estate ofthe above mentioned decedent willplease call and settle said debts.THOMAS HURLEY, Adm'r.P. A. THOMPSON, Atty.31-3wk.rBEMISTRANSPLANTERS iHRE99H9eSsGvH imWWlmWWWtm.Mliss -iT"3ff!a'MBfififfffirPii JJi V -III1IIIAnycne who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame, and the work done are it&features:Give us yvur feeder now so you will be sure .ofgetting on4,Republican Scramble.When thieves fall out, just men gettheir dues, and when Republican presidents and former presidents fall out,the people learn how they have beenmisgoverned. Since President Taft anformer president Roosevelt enteredupon their wild scramble for delegptesto the next nominating convention, thepeople have come into possession ofthe following information, which theynever knew before, except through unjsproven charges orunverified rumors :That Mr. Taft, by his own'admssion,has been "a man of straw."That Mr, Taft, in his advocacy ofCanadian reciprocity, was not thinking, primarily, of any benefits thatwould come to the American farmerand wage earner, but that he believedreciprocity would make Canada an"adjunct" tothe Untecl States, whichwould "transfer her important business to New York and Chicago." Byhis own confession Mr. Taft wasscheming to aid the big business interests through reciprocitv.That George W. Perkins, organizerof the harvester trust, and member ofthe board of directors of the steeltrust.is "highly pleased with the Taftjmethodof prosecuting the trssts."That there is a close political "alliance between Mr. Perkins and Mr.Roosvelt, as evidenced by the fact thatMr. Perkins contributed $15,000 to Mr.Roosevelt's campaign in the New Yorkprimary thisspring.That Mr. Taft, in the present campaign, and Mr. Roosevelt, in his campaigns, made free and unrestricted useofFederal officeholders to obtain thenomination.That Mr. Roosevelt, while constantly writing messages and giving outinterviews, while he was president,all professing the deepest hatred ofthe trusts, secretly and clandestinelysuppressed a report showing that theharvester trust was illegal and in restraint of .trade, and later ordered acontemplated suit against that truststopped until hegave theword, whichword he never gave.That Mr. Roosevelt's trip to Africawas paid . for .by Andrew Carnegie,greatest of the beneficiaries of thesteel tariff.That Mr. Roosevelt was so frightened by the possibility of tariff agitationduring his more than seven years ofoffice he never made any mention ottariff, in any of his official papers ormessages, except once, when he wroteinto one message that he "would discuss the tariff later," which statementhe withdrew from the mpssage beforeit was transmitted to Congress.If the present scramble for Republican.delegates continuesa while longer,it may safely fce said, therefore, thatboth Mr. Tat- and Mr. Roosevelt, atthe present .rate, will thoroughlydemonstrate the country that neither one of them is fit to be president.Each day of their present fight fordelegates throws some -new light onthe close harmony between them andthe big interests that are behind them.Mr. Taft, angered, is telling what heknows about Roosevelt, and Roosevelt, angered, is telling what heknows about Taft, and they are bothtelling a lot of things that nobody elseever knew about either of them.:3fYERKES & PBICHARDBothS'Phones:66IIJ.Cure for Nerves.People cultivate nerves to a largeextent and do not apply simple rulesto cure them. Healthy work, particularly out of doors, is an excellent antidote to nerves. Onions are a verygood tonic for nervous people. Cranberries are good for sufferers from Inactive liver.Grouch's Point of View."A holiday now and then is verydesirable," said the genial citizen. "Itgives us all a chance to rest." "Ican't see it that way," replied Mr.Growcher. "It compels me, to workthat much harder to provide theclothes demanded, for the special disie womanly system Is a deucazc macmne vvmcn can vu.y us uuuiijutsu iu mumechanism ot a beautiful watch which will keep In good running order onlygood care and the proper oiling at tne ngut time, so taac me ueucuic ma-a-r.nUm rrv not be "r out. Very many times young women.HOW TO PRESERVE YOUTH AND BEAUTY.One great secret of youth an3 beauty for the young wona i cr the another-kthe proper understanding of her womanly systenxand well-bemg. Every woman,young or old, should knozv herself and her physical make up. A good way toarrive at this knowledge is to get a good doctor book, such for instance, as "ThePeople's Common .Sense Medical Adviser," by R. V. Pierce, M. D., which canreadily be procured by sending thirty-one cents for cloth-bound copy, addressingDr. Pierce, at Buffalo, N.TitricatewithnnUm r:ct eld or ra dowx before their time through ignorance andthe improper handling of this human mecnanism. Mentaldepression, a confused head, backache, headache, or hotflashes and many symptoms of derangement of the womanlysystem can be avoided by a proper understanding of what todo, ia those trying times that come to all women.Mrs. G. H. T7illiahs, of Lynnhavcn, Va., wrote : "It i3 six yearssince my health gave way. I had female trouble and all the doctors( I employed three) 3aid I would die. I was not able to do my work,had to hire someone all the time. Finally, I read in the papers aboutDr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, and decided to try it. I had nottaken but one bottle until I found it had done me good. I took, in all,five bottles of 'Favorite Prescription and two of Golden MedicalDiscovery and now I am able to do all my housework, and have gainedfourteen pounds. I advise all women who suffer from female troubleto try your Favorite Prescription.' It's the only medicine on earth."Mrs. Williams.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALMER.BOTH'PHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 399.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burnNow isthe time to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.Cumberland telephone and Celegrapb CompanyINCORPORATEDOilParis,For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bourbon County Exchanges atMillersbufg, Nrth Middletown, Little7 RockRuddles Mills."When you have East TennesseeHAVE telephone service.anservice youCumberlandlTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo the People.Don't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or if you live inthe counrry send us a sample. Iwill let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers.MAX'MUNICK,8th Street, PARI3, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374NEWBARBERSHOPModern Equipment,4 Barbers,Hot and Cold Baths,Polite Service,JRnnk EangbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtfEast Tenn. Phoe 669Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies.Phone 162Agent.LOWEY & TALBOTTALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.willlnot be yours unless youhave a-,-;MAJt5Tlc) J J mAJETIcJ;!inMajestic RangeYour Kitchen!Come in and see them. Theyplay vl 7 'are tbc best g wfe.j;-9aCHAUTAUQUALAKEis best reached by theErie R. R.Season Tickets on Sale DailyJane I to Sept. 30.Summer Excursion Ticketson sale to New York Gty and all Eastern resorts.Stop-over at Chautauqua Lake and Niagara Falls permitted on first-class one-way and round-trip tickets.Inquire of local ticket agent or "writeJ. H. Webster, Gen'l Agent PassengerDept. 416 Walnut St. Cincinnati, O., forfurther information.EXCURSIONParis, Ky., toCincinnati, O,And Return.SUNDAY, JDNEFare $1.50 And9, 1912EetiifExcursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on orTireW. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between Tucker's-tore on Main street and Eight street.) High. Finder return to undersign1 and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.HORSE CIPPINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now. We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.1 ATom Your Local IEYOND doubt a good manure spreader is a necessityon every larm. iiverylive farmer has asked himselfWhich spreader is best?""Why is it best?" and, "Wherecan I buy that spreader?"The answer to these questions is buy an I-H C spreaderfrom jTour local dealer.The fertility of rour soil depends as much on proper distribution as on the manure itself.Settle 4:he manure spTeaderquestion once for all. See thelocal dealer and buy anH C Manure SpreaderCom King orCloverleafThe I K C local dealer willshow you good spreader construction and explain why it isgood. When you buy yourspreader from him, he will setit up for you, show 3rou how toadjust it, start 3rou oft right, andbe right there all the time totake care of any future needs.Study fertility; learn why agood spreader is good. Buy anI H C spreader from 3rour localdealer that is the beginningof the most profitable farming.Eslersational Harvester Company of America(Incorporated)Chicago USAI K C Service Buree.iiThe mimes' ftf thif Rnrcaii i in fnrnlcnf o t.f charge to all. the best informationc t.iiii.ible on better farming. If you havenr.j -,v0 '-thy Questions conceniinsrsoi's, crops,i r orainajre. irrigation, torturer, etc,r- yVour inQU'i"ies specific and send themto i i I Service Bureau. Harvester Building,. t-LATONIAOPENSMEMORIAL DAYSpring Meeting to Consist oi'rWiTTwenty-four Racing Days,DERBY WILL BE RUN JUNE 8Indications Point to Greatest Sessionof Racing Ever Seen In the West,as the Best Horses In Training atthe Present Time Are Entered inthe Memorial Handicap and OtherEvents That Will Follow SpecialRates Arranged For Opening andDerby Days and on Saturdays byRailroads.Latonia is one of the garden spotsof the country and the race coursehas always been famed for its beautiful surroundings. It lies in the Lickiug valley, nestling among majesticKentucky hills and the scenic Investure is most picturesque.Since the advent of John Hachmelster, who is in complete charge, theLatonia track, which was built 29years ago, -has been brought to thestandard of an up-to-date racing plant.Thirty thousand dollars were "spentlast year on the track, and when theopening day rolls around Latonia canclaim to be the best aonointed racecourse in the country. It can beeasily reached from Cincinnati byCovington trolley cars, which go direct to the grandstand. The L. & N ialso has a splendid train service tothe course from the Fourth and Smith 'street depot. There is also a splendid roadway through Covington andthen via the Madison pike, whichmakes it a pleasant journey with carriage or motor.Owing to the big interest in thecoming races at Latonia, the L. & N.road has arranged for a special rateon the opening day and on Derby dayfrom some of the principal cities oiKentucky, and the C, N. O. & T. P.railway has done the same thing.The L. & N. has also provided- for around trip from Louisville to Latoniaevery Saturday during the meeting,return tickets being good until Monday morning.The indications point to the greatest session of racing ever seen inthe west. The Memorialhandicapis sure, to be a great race, and theDerby will be a struggle between thegiants of the three-year-old division.Best Horses Entered.In the Memorial handicap are Meri-dan, winner of the Kentucky Derby of1911, and one of the best horses intraining at the present time. Thenthere is Adams Express, who beatthe great Meridan at Louisville, Fashion Plate. Granite. Round the Worldand about 65 others. The three greatthree-year-olds. Worth, Sprite and TheManager, are also on the list, and ;one or two or tnese win go.rr-?n o-,-. :post if the weight assigned is lookedupon with favor.The Derby is the best looking onethat ever Latonia presented. In thatrace there will be a struggle for turfsupremacy the like of which has notbeen seen. Here is Worth, winner ofthe Kentucky Derby a few weeks ago.He belongs to H. C. Hallenbeck, aneastern millionaire. There is TheManager, belonging to Tom O'Dowell,who is every inch the true type ofthe Kentucky gentleman. There isSprite, owrned by H. K. Knapp, another eastern millionaire and one ofthe pillars of the Eastern Jockey club.It can be seen that if the race resolves itself to a struggle betweenthe, Kentucky horse against the petsof the eastern millionaires, there willsurely be a race. The owners of thesethree clinkers all believe that theirown is best, and the struggle will bea bitter one. The three mentionedwill hardly have the race to themselves, as there are a large numberof good colts eligible, and at a differ-ence in the weight might do the unex -pected,Besides these tvo stakes there arefour others which will be run on Saturday, with the exception of theTrophy stake, which will he decidedon the closing day.The hotting will he done throughthe pari-mutuals, which have heenfound the fairest of all betting systems, and they, at the same time,remove much of the incentive for dishonesty. John C. Weber's prize hand ofAmerica will hold a concert daily beJore and during the races.Smallest Note Ever Issued.Once a Bank of England note forone penny was issued by mistake. Itgot into circulation, and was a sourceof great annoyance to many personswhen making up accounts. Searchwas made by the hank, and at lenthIt discovered the holder of the note,who returned it to them for a fancyprice. This is the smallest amountfbr which an English note has everbeen issued, for of course notes ununder 3 are never drawn up unlessby mistake. Answers.Harm Done by London Smoke.A blackish incrustation, in someplaces four inches thick, on the underside of the cornice of St. Paul'sCathedral and due to the action ofsulphuric- acid upon the stone, testl-ties xo tneeneucs ui uie-smuae evii.m.-London CJcz 7Latonia Derby io Be .Run Safur- day.One ot the biggest racing events ofthe year will take place on Saturday atthe Latonia race course, -when the thirtieth Derby will be run. The racemeeting began on May 30, and everyday since then has been a most satis--Lino io an iiiuiLaiiuii tuai 111c uiiiiUHDerby day will be the biggest affairever at this popular race course.Everybody wants to be out on Derbyday, and there is annually quite a goodsized gathering Jo witness the runningof this classic event. This time ithas a greater appeal, for two of thegreatest three year old thoroughbredsthat ever looked through a bridle willgo to the post and each one is fit fora King's ransom.Sprite, a three year old filly by VVat-erboy-Fairy,acknowledged queen ofthe turf, will run aeainst Worth, a sonof Knight of the Thistle-Miss Hanover, and who is also king ofthe threeyear olds. Both possess " ektremespeed arid much stamina. This pairmet last fall at Latonia in a specialrace, each owner putting up $5,000.Worth won it, but it was due "to Spritewrenching the muscles of her backwhen she had established a winninglead, and had her opponent driving.But that's all in the "game. Againstthis pair but few will contest. It wouldnot be necessary forany others to goto.the post, for a race between Someand Worth would be sufficient. But itis hard to convince a doting ownerthat his horse has no chance, so therewill be some others wliling to take ashy at the big game, as there' is agood deal in racing luck. The Manager, a colt of much promise last sea -sun,owned by T. C. McDowell, FreeLance, the oroperty of Geo. J. Long,and Cockspuf, a gigantic colt belong-. ing to Henderson & Hogan, will makeup the field. The distance is a mileand a half, and it will be a race fromj the rise of the harrier to the finishline. The track has made provisionslor a Dig crowd, ana tnere is everyreason to believe that it will be a ban-npr nnp Snpoinl rnfcps hnuo hoon mar?onvar tho t. r, tm rwv, aall Kentucky will be on hand to see thestruggle between the turf giants. Latonia can be easily reached from Cincinnati by trainor trolley.Improving Wheat Varieties.A good milling wheat should be fairly hard and the grains uniform inhardness, color, size and shape, buchwheat willjnake the largest percentage of high grade flour, and will command the highest Drices.The first step in producing wheathaving these quaities is to procure avariety which, in addition to yieldingheavily and having the necessary stiffness of straw to stand up well, has therequired hardness of grain to be acceptable for milling purposes. Thereis considerable variation among different varieties in this respect, and thereader is referred to Bulletin No. 55 ofthe Kentucky Agricultural ExperimentStation for a discussion of the relativevalues of our most common varieties.After the vaiiety is secured, maintaning the uniformity of grain islargely a question of keeDing the variety pure. It is manifestly impossibleto have uniformity where therejisgmixtureof varieties, for the grain of differerent varieties of wheat differs in character. Wheat is practically a self-fertilizedplant, and crossing between varieties will not occur to any appreciable extent even under the most favorable conditions lor sucn crossinginns mixing or varieties is uue almostentirely iu iiitciianjuai ineana. uvtraveling threshing outfit is th chiefinctor concerned in this, because considerable quantities of grain are carried from one farm to another in theseparators. No matter how pure a"variety is to begin with, it will becomemixed in a few years unless extraordinary precautions aretaken to preventit. " As a result it is almost impossible to find a variety of wheat absolutely free from admixtures of othervarieties. The plan described belowis one which has been found entirelypractical 'and efficient in producingnure seed wheat. In addition, it, iswheat breeding in its simplest formand a variety of wheat handled in thismanner is certain to maintain its excellence.Go into the field ot riue wheat witha basket and select enough of the bestheads, true to the variety, to makesufficient grain to plant an acre or sothe next fall. The amount selectedwill of course vary with the wheatacreage on the farm. Carefully dryand thresh by hand.. In the fall treatfor smut as described in Bulletin No.155 and plant on the best of the wheatland. Take precautions to keep frommixing when Harvested, and thresh! after the main crop has been threshed,i i- i ii. . i' .... i t i -i-discardincr the first bushel .or so, as itcontains some wheat from the previously thveshed cion. This wheatshould be absolutely pure and will furnish sufficient seed to plant the maincrop the next fall.For the farmers who wish to sellseed what which he can guarantee tobe absolutely pure, it will be well torepeat this selection each year,although if practiced every two or.three years the variety should becomebut slightly mixed if care is taken toset aside the first few bushels whenbeginning the thrashing.Another method of keeping a variety pure, which may be more easilyfollowed, is to go over a small olot inthe general field and carefully cut outall heads of foreign varieties. Cutand thresh the wheat from this plotby hand and use for the seed plot asin case of the head selection describedabove.It is advised not to attempt growingtoo many varieties on a farm, as thisgreatly increases the difficulty of keening each pure. It is better to find .thebest variety and endeavor -to keen itpure and improve it in other ways.E. J. KINNEY,Assistant Agronomist ,K. A. Experiment Station,Lexincton, Kentucky.Lesson AM Should Learn.Plutarch said to the Emperor Trojan: "Let your government commencein "your own hreast, and lay tbeounelation of it in. tne command of yourtemper and passions:" Here come in.tlie words, self-cpntrpH -duty and contscience.S. . Smiles. ; ' ' .Now IsYOURWhile The Prices Are Very Low, And TheTime You Need Them Most.Are You Going to Buy'aRefrigerator This Spring?Primarily there is only one thing for 'a Refrigeratorto do and that is to keep food at such a temperature that itwill not spoil in warm weather. The Refrigerator that willdo this with the least possible consumption of ice is thebest Refrigerator.A Refrigerator must have?good fpacking. It must be built on scientific principles or itwill not fill its mission. We carry a complete line of Refrigerators and Ice Chests from thecheapest that is good to the best the market affords. Don't fail to insnect our line beforeS buying.I PorcbfOur stock of Floor Coverings is now ready for yourinspection at Tow prices.Mattings, Rugs, Carpets and Linoleum.A. F. Wheeler Furniture Co.MAIN STREET, OPP. COURT HOUSE.Professional CardsJ J. WILTjTAMS,. ATTORNE Y-AT-L AW .Room 1 Elks Building:.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones 5-S-JL1?!!-( XJ.U1UC 1UU.E. T. 334.Residence( Home 334.K. A. B KELIiBK,Practicing Physician,Offices, RoomsParis,4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gKentuckyTwo nure blocd Duroc boars readyfor service. E. T. Phone 726.S. G. CLAY,4-3 1 . Paris, Ky.Hot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits You are next.M. A. KAHALFor Rent.Front'room'over gas office. Suitable'for office. For further particulars apply at News office.0? Doyas&j vompy ci'p.5.do"?rri ?.' cnicT:3 tlircat clt-cidrink.j water cures-, accpreve-.t cholera, diarrhoeV:aud other chicle diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons oimedicine At ail druggists.Sample an,u "booklet onf'Diseasetj of Fowls" sent FREEBourbon Remedy Co. Icxiiigtea,SV T .'Br'oofcs Dr.UgglstFor Sale.Hot and ColdThe TimeSwinqs $2.40 to S.SOWulBllSt ICE BOXESThe most comple line of Ice Boxesto pick from, made of the ,bestpacking that can be had.$4.50 ci to $20rBig Avigation- Meet andFame's Last Days of Pompeii, in Fire Works,Every Afternoon endWeek of June 3 toSPECIAL EXCURSION gTESlOn interurban LinesRound Trip from, ,Paris, Including Admission Tfckce to jf--AvigationGrounds or fire Works Display $1.00.KentuckyTerminal .Igoowood shingle, and'in some placeRoof? put on 26 years ago are as goodFor Safe bv Millett &rORTRIGHwgmmm&mmw- bedTo Buy0DS!IitGood Ail WeeiwiTraction &.Company.SHINGLESi Ain wr.HTdTrt nol)Olber. and wBen oocy.inake a thoroughly atonn.-prootr-pfobf roof, neitber of whicKcanaimed for the wood shragle.As to price-r-tKey cost no mare than athey coet much' hk.as.new today, and have never "needed repawn;Best, miersfcurg;If r-v;. v : ". "- - -i ''? '-"- 4 K'; . , y i, , V i, -:' - -rTHE BOURBON NEWS, ; PARIS,-KENTUCKY, JUNE ,7 1912Old Settlers to Meet.Hon. C. S. Templeman .president ofthe Old Settler's Association of Nicholas county, announces that the annualmeeting of the Old Settlers will beheld in Carlisle on Saturday, June 15.The custom of holding this reunion hasexisted for a number of years. Theoldest people of the county meet oncea year and exchange reminiscences cfyears gone b.Attentioa, Harvesters!If you want to save money on yourgroceries and supplies for your bluegrass harvest, hands see us before buy-1D4-2t T. LENIHANTo Build in Frankfort.The Burley Tobacco Society has decided to erect a mammoth tobaccowarehouse at Frankfort, and the Executive Committee at its meeting inLexington, Monday, favorably recommended the plans submitted by thearchitect The new structure will be220 by 96 feet, and will be constructedof brick, steel and concrete.Get Busy!You Mister Good Dresser AndHave YourHat Made-To-OrderMake any Hat that you desire.All we ask is a call, as we willonly be in PARIS ONE MOREWEEK. We alsoCLEAN AND BLOCK MATSPanamas a Speacialty, also Ladies.Cincinnati Mat IVPf'g.Ben E. Goldberg, MgrNext to Thomas Bros.yTo giveIn re-finishing old furrriture, first remove theoriginal finish with Sherwin-Williams Taxite, paint andvarnish remover. Easy to applyO. A. Daugherty.PUBLICOF A DESIRABLEOn Saturday, Juneon the premises, we, as agents for Jas. G. Steely & Co., will sellat public outcry, to the highest and best bidder, a house and lotsituated on High street, between 8th and 10th, in Paris, Ky.The house is modern and convenient and contains six rooms,hall, pantry, electric lights, etc Lot is 56 feet, more or less,front, by 76 feet, more or less, deep. It has a splendid cistern.This property is centrally located, in a good neighborhood,.opposite Christian Chnrch, convenient to schools and businesspart of town. It is in good repair, renfcs for $20 per month and isnow occupied by a good tenant, who w continue to rent it purchaser so desires.Positive sale to close a partnership business.TERNSOne-third cash, balance in one and two years,deferred notes, bearing interest at 6 per cent, from date untilpaid. HARRIS St SPEAKES.Burley Holdings to Ba Sold.The Burley Tobacco Society Inquarterly session at Lexington votedto put the tobacco on tha markets oECincinnati and Louisville, and i? it isnot sold by July 1, then the i' . rleyTobacco Compa'ny will buy in wnat remains and proceed to make aistri-bution at once.It will take several weeks after thetobacco is closed out to get all thechecks to the farmers, but everv effortwill be made to complete the distribution as rapidly as possible.It was reported that there ara nowbut about 5,900 hogsheads of the 1909crop to be disposed of and this, it isbelieved, can be sold between now andJuly 1 , if not sooner. In any case,none of ihe tobacco is to be held bvthe society later than that date by thecompany.Paper Now.Buy your wall paper now while thestock is still complete and have thework done at once. We are preparedto put it on the wall at once.J. T. HINTOiST.a New Finish torOld Furniture.Every housewife has one or morepieces of old furniture that would be"good as (new" if refinished. To havethe work done would be too expensive. She can do the job herself andet splendid results withSherwin-WilliamsFLOORLACa stain and varnish combined thatgives a handsome finish and wearsdurably. It preserves the beauty ofthe actual grain of the wood and doesnot fade out, as do so many of thefugitive dye stains on the market. Awide variety of shades offer opportunity for almost any finish desired.r i n K THE tJ A ID !CITY8, 1912, at 2 p.RESIDENCEEngagement Announced.The Parkersbucrg. W. Va., Sentinel,of a recent issue coniained thefollu.wing: v"At a card party cf exquisite appointments given this afternoon byMiss Rita Barrett, at her home onSeventh street, to the members of theFortnightly Club, the engagement wasannounced of Miss Mary FredaFlanagan, of this city, to Mr. TerrenceJerome Mackey, of Grafton, W. Va.The intelligence, which came as a delightful surprieto the coterie of friendsassembled, was imparted at the beginning of the luncheon, which followedan afternoon devoted to 'Five Hundred.' The guests, on being invitedto the dining room, beheld awaitingthem a table of rare beauty, on whichthe colors, .pale green and white, prevail with artistic harmony. A superbcenter piece of white roses and asparagus ferns op a circle of Cluny lace wasin the middle of the table, and thiswas surmounted by a large gilt ringsuspended from the chandelier above.Over this hung twelve dainty whitecards to which were attached narrowsatin ribbons, alternating in green andwhite, and these were drawn to eachcover. The chandelier was bunchedwith orange blossoms, andthese, withfeathery fern leaves extended for somedistance along the ribbons."Having taken their places at thetable, tne guests were invited by thehostess to draw the cards from thering, an to read aloud what was inscribed on them, beginning rvith theyoung lady on her right. This wasdone and a pretty tale unfolded itselfin originaljverse, commencing withthehistory of a 'tiny maid with eyes ofblue and golden hair.' following herthrough school days, through amateurtheatricals and various tother experiences, until the last verse, which fellto the .hostess, the charming document was brought forth that" 'In the month of June our Fredafair shall with our dear Teddy wed." 'Now plight with me their weddedblis, and seal her happiness .witha kiss.'"The document was delightful, and,of course, tne charming bride-electwas at once surrounded by her friendsand overwhelmed with congratulations. "Following the announcement anelaborate course luncheon was served,the place cards decorated with orangeblossoms, marking covers for Mrs.McDonald, Misses Freda Flanagan,Anna McGuinress, Louise Kerns,Katherine Hayes, Marjorie Harvey,Gertrude and Alice Higgs, Mary andIrene Kelley, Regina Mathison andRita Barrett, zrr"The beautiful appointments of thefunction, with the original arrangement, made the allair one of muchcharm throughout, and it was amongthe prettiest of announcement parties.At the conclusion of the card contest,handsome prizes were awarded, thefirst, a lovely fan, the second, a boxof candy, and the third a fancy deckof cards.2 "The announcement of the engagement of Miss Mary Flanagan and Mr.' Terrence Jerome Mackev, msde public1 to-day, win come as a delightful surprise .to their many friends, and inparticular to that wide? circle belonging to the charming bride-elect. MissFlanagan is a daughter of the lateWilliam H. Flanagan, of Sixth street,and is one of kthe most beautiful andaccmplished young women of this city.She is a member of .the De SalesHeights Alumnae Association, and ofits Study Club. Possessing dramaticability in a marked degree, she hasbeen frequently identified with amateur theatricals, and has always beenwilling to lend her talent whereverneeded. With personal beauty andtalent, she'also possesses a charmingdisposition and cultivated manners,which have made her most attractive.The groom-elect, whose former homeis Paris, Ky., has been located inGrafton for a number of years as thesuccessful manager of the Model Store.He is a young gentleman of prepossessing manner, has the sterling qualitiesof energy and honor, and has a host offriend here in Grafton, who Swill con-giaiuiaiu in in on nis guoa iortune in.winning so iair a oride. The date forthe wedding has not yet been announced, but will be an event cf nextmonth."Insure with W. O. Hinton.Prompt paying non - unioncompanies. tfSPECIAL VALUEStor FitOil Stoves, double burners, 98?Fly Paper, 12 sheets for 10c.371y Paper, 50 sheets in a box,29c a box.Bargain in Silver-Plated FruitKnives, each 5c, better quality,each 10c.Steel Brsad Knives, regular10c, special for Friday 5c.Butcher Knives, good 50cKnife, special each 35c. .Wood Butter Bowls, each 5c.Three - Piece Roasting Pan,white lined, formerly 1, reducedto 50c.Barber's Hair CliDDers 98.Tool Steel Hatchets 48c.Hammers, weight one pound,each 10c.Furniture Dusters 10.Meat I litters 5c.Cream Pitchers 5c.Bargain in Life-size Portraitor Picture Frames, size 16x20,glass measurement, glass included, only 49c.Window Screens, ' no bettermade, at 38c"each.Screen Doors, at 98c, $1,34 and$1.50, best door on the market.Milk Cans, Milk Pans, MilkBuckets, Milk Bottles, Milk Bottle Stoppers; vtMATRIMONIAL.KQY-BUTLER,The marriage nf Mi?s Blanche Royto Mr. L. V. BulUr, w-as celebrated inCharleston, W. Va. o.n May 28. TheMail., of that city, has the followingaccount ot the weddi. u :"The marriage of Miss Blanche Royand Mr. L. V. Butler, of this city, wassolemnized at the home of the bride'saunt, Mrs. John Roy, in Leisburg.on Tuesday evening. May 28, at 6:30.The ceremony was performed by Rev.McGhee, of the Presbyterian thurch.The bridal party stood before an altarof handsome rhododendron and springflowers. Mrs. H. Lightner was matronof honor, and the groom's best manwas Mr. Hal Lightner. The brideentered with her aunt, Mrs. John Roy,and was very attractive in .her wedding dress of white lace. She caried ashower 'bouquet of whiite roses andHUies of the valley. Only the immediate families wj.tn-ssed the marriage,which was followed by an elegant andbeautifully apDonted weddnor dinner forthe wedding guests. Miss Rov ia oneof Charleston's most attractive andmost popular young ladies. Mr. Butleris manager of the branch store in thiscity of E. B. Taylor, of Richmond. Va.Mr. and Mrs. Butler left on theC. & O. train rto. 2 for a wedding tripEast." .Mr. Butler 'is a native of Bourboncounty, being a son of Mr. and Mrs.Jeptha D. Butler, of Paris, and ubrother of Chas. E and J. Henry Butler, of this city. He is well knownhere and'has a large circle of friends inthe Bluegrass.DUTY-RENICK.The marriage of Miss Laurie Dutyand Mr. Phelps Renick was solemnizedat the residence of the officiatingminister, Rev. Wm. Cunningham, inWinchester, Monday evening, at 8o'clock. The bride is a daughter ofMr. and Mrs. Price Duty, of Winchester, and is one of Clark county'smost beautiful young women.The bridegroom is a sen of Mr. andMrs. Scott Renick, of near Renickstation, and is an industrious youngbusiness-man of Winchester. He is agrandson of Mr. and Mrs. W: H.Kenick, and a nephew of Mr. B. M.Renick, of Paris,MARTIN-McDANIEL.The wedding of Miss Fannie LouMartin to Mr. John F. McDaniel, Jr.,was solemnized at the home of thebride's parents, in Cynthiana. Tuesdayafternoon, at 4 o'clock. Rev. W. E.Ellis, of Paris? performed vthe ceremony. fThe attendant3 were MissKizzie Mae McDaniel, sister of thegroom, and Mr. Billie Taylor, cousinof the bride.The bride is a beautiful and attractivegirl, and is the daughter of Mr. andMrs. Harvey-Martin.The groom is the son of Mr. andMrs. J. F. McDaniel, of Millersburg,and for a number of years has beenconnected with the Farmers' NationalBank, of Cynthiana. - Mr, and Mrs.McDaniel left on the 5:13 train for ashort wedding trip.Lingerie Dresses.S10.00 quality lingerie dresses at $5.98.SIMON DEPT. STORE.BIRTHS.Born, on June 2, to the wife of Mr.E. M . Shrcut, nee Bodkin, of Centerville, a daughter. -Rugs! Rugs!Our store is celebrated for its reputation as a rug store. This seasonwe even have more rugs on displaychan ever before. All sizes andprices. See us and save moriey onyour rugs.J. T. HINTON.BIRTHS.Born, near Centerville.. to the wifeof Mr. John Willoughby, a son. Mr.Willoughby is 76 years old, and is aveteran of the civil war. He has anumber of grandchildren residing inthe Centerville precinct.Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Fells' Shoe Store. tfReception Bay at City School.vTuesday was reception day at theCity School and a great many patrorsand friends were present. Ihe snecimens of work in reed and raffia watercolors, drawing, nen and ink, clavmodeling, sand boxes repreenting thesea shore, Boone's fort, a lake scene.Dutch pictures, etc., were the bestever placed unon exhibition by thepupils, and the samples of writen lessons in every branch of school workwere correct and neai. The work onexhibition was not especially preparedfor the occasion, but was selcted fromlessons which had been recited duringthe year.- The primary and grammarschool grade rooms were decoratedwith pictures and flowers.Ice Cream Freezers.We sell nothing but the be-t makesof Ice Cream Freezers. The WhiteMountain and Iceberg. They havestood the test. We buy direct from themanufacturers and can save you themiddleman's profit.4 4t. LAvTN & CONNELL.Elected as Delegate to Conference.At- the regular meeting of theEpworth League of the Methodistchurch last Sunday, Mr. Dennis Snappwas elected a delegate from the Parischapter to represent the chapter- atthe Third Annual Assembly of theKentucky Conference of the EpworthLeague, which meets in Cvntniana onJune 18-21. Mr. Snapp, who is nowPresident of the local chapter, wasselected as delegate to'the First Annual Assembly which met in Mt. Sterlingin'1910, a:id last year was chosen torepresent the Pat is Chapter at theAssembly which met in Millersburg.He will make a report st the conference of the Paris JLeague and on hisrectum. will' make a report; of. the. conference woi'k.to the Paris Leau.Dies inLexington.Col. Henry T. Duncan, for manyyears one of the most prominent men Iin the public life of Lexington, diedTuesday morning at 11 o'clock, following an illness of several weeks. Hewas 75 years old, and until his healthbegan to fail about two years ago wasa man of remarkable activity for hisyears.Col. Duncan was twice the Mayor ofLexington, was one of the founders ofthe old Lexington Press, and later waseditor of the Press-Transcript, of ""thatcity. For the last quarter of a centuryhe had been one of the most- conspicuous men in the public affairs ofLexington.He was the father of Henry T. Duncan, Jr., who last year was candidatefor Mayor on the Fusion ticket; MajorGtorge B.- Duncan, of the UnitedStates army; Mrs John R. Allen, wifeof the prosecuting attorney of theFayette "Circuit Court ; Mr. EdwardDuncan, Mrs. Lilian. Duncan Draper,Mrs. Algernon Dangefied and MissesFannie and Nannie DuDcan, all ofwhom survive him.Mr. Duncan's health began to failhim about two years ago, but he beganrapidly to decline several weeks ago,and he gradually grew weaker untilthe end came Tuesday.Col. Duncan was born in Paris,August 31, ,1836. and was a son of thelate Henry T. and Eliza (Pike) Duncarf, natives of Bourbon county.His grandfather, Daniel Duncan,was a native of Pennsyvania, who leftthat State and settled in ' Kentuckv in1798, and was a merchant in Paris forthirty-six years 1798 to 1834.Henry T. Duncan, his father, wasfor many years a leading lawyer andmanufacturer in Paris. He died inLexington in 1881, at the age of 81years.The Duncan family, when living inParis, occupied a house on the site ofthe property at the corner of Pleasantstreet and Duncan Avenue. Col.Duncan was well known in Paris, andhis advances in public life were notedwith a great deal of interest by friendsin this city.Sale Tomorrow.Don't fail to attend the auctionsale of the Jas. G. Steely & Co.property on High street, to-morrowafternoon at 2 o'clock:- It has a sixroom residence in good repair, iscentrally located, on car line, and convenient to churches and schools.County School Board Meets.According to a census report filed ata recent meeting of the BourbonCounty Board of Education, there are3,783 children of the school age inBourbon county outside the city ofParis. At this meeting the Boardselected June 29 as the day for electing county teachers for the comingschool year, and it was agreed toseparate the Stony Point and Redmon.schools into two sub-districts. A coramittee.was appointed to adopt plansand specifications for a new schoolbuilding for the Uill school. An invitation was extended to the Board byMrs. Cora Wilson, president of theKentucky Educational Association, toattend the annual meeting to be heldin Louisville on June 25 to 27. Atthismeeting Bourbon county will be represented by Miss Mabel Robbins. CountySuprintendent of Schools.Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. Also allkinds of furniture for the lawn,, porchshades in all colors and sizes.J. T. HINTON.Open Law Office in Lexington.The law firm of Franklin & Talbott, 4compospd of Col. Robert B. Franklin, 'of Frankfort, and R. C. Talbott, ofParis, Has opened a suite of offices onthe second floor of the building, corner)of Cheapside and Short streets, inLexington, and will actively practicelaw in the civil divison of theFayetteCircuit Court.The recent change in the FourteenthJudicial District making Franklincounty a separate district will enableCol. Franklin, who is the Commonwealth's Attorney of the new district,to'devote a much larger portion of histime to the practice of civil cases, andhe will spend most of nis time in theirLexington offices. Mr. Talbott will bein his Paris office in the forenoon of(each day. and at their Lexingtonorhces in thu afternoon.Franklin & Talbott are two ot theablest lawyers in the State. Both Col.Franklin and Mr. Tulbott personallysupervisedthe fitting up of their officesTuesday.air ofCol. Henry T. Duncanmm m&mt e mm mamI Let Us Initiate You Into Wearing 1Era nMm bc JSvmWe Have a Full Line of Graduation Shoes inWhite Buck, White Canvas,Velvets and. Dull Leathers.I; . GEO, McWILLIAMS,m Phones 301 " ,Piano-Recitals Grand Successes.The classes in Diano-of Mrs. CamillaWilson and Miss Frances Johnson gaverecitals Monday and Tuesday eveningin the High School Auditorium. Largeaudiences greeted the punils on thetwo evenings of the entertainments andthe efforts of those on the' rjrogramwei;e heartily appreciated, The following programs were rendered :MONDAY.Le Prophet f. .Krug.Favola Dunddn.Merry Bobolink..,, Krogman,Fern Stone.The Doll's Dream Oesten.Macie Saloshin.;Robin Red Breast Spaulding.By the class' with Bessie Gifford atthe piano.Au Revoh Lichner.Katherine Lyons.Soring Song....'. MendelssohnElizabeth Clark and Mabel Templin.Butterfly Lege.Nancy Barbee Wilson.The Elfman .'..Ehrmann.Fern Stone.Gavotte Kerns.Zuma Stone.Spring's Awakening .-. .Espen.x Virginia Cook.Dance on the Green Sward Bohm.Fannie Heller:Butterfly and the Flowers Gaynor.Virginia Ccok, Macie Saloshin, Zuma Stone, Helen Kinpetoe, Nancy Wilson, Alma "Goldstein.Sonatino Schmitt.Alma Louise Goldstein.The Mill Schnecker.Vanessa Lykins.Sweet Clover, Spaulding-.Mary Fowler.Il'Deserio Cramer.Bessie Gifford.Gathering Daises Ehrmann.Virginia Cook, Sarah Traylor, MabelTemplin, Elizabeth-Clark, Fannie Heller, Katherine Lyons.Bebe Que Danse Grimaldi.Helen Ripnetoe.The Min Landry.Alma Goldstein and Macie SaloshinLose Blatter .. . .- Kolling.Sarah Traylor.Fairy Lullaby Ehrmann.The Class,TUESDAY.Polonaise Kirchner.Misss Alice Rogers Clay andMarion AlexanderMazurka Smith.Miss Elizabeth Hall.Snow Flakes '.....Ehrmann.Miss Nellie Mitchell.Butterfly Merkel.Miss Katherine Patrick.Titania Wei v.Miss Mabel temnlin.Woodland WhispersMiss Jerome Chapman.Ballet Scene Schultz.Misses Nancy Wilson and HelenRippetoe. "Austrian Song Pacher.Mi3s Sarah Thompson.Dutch Lullaby DeKoven.The Class. - .Badinage Herbert.Miss Beatrice Chapman.The Joyful Peasant. Schumann-KlauserMiss Nellie Mitchell.Spring Song LiebliitgBarcarolleMiss Mae Endicott.Sweet and Low . EhrmannBowl of Roses "Miss Jerome Chapman.Moment De Caprice Lack.Miss Maron Alexander.A La Bien Aimee SchuttMiss Alice Rogers Clay.Coronation March from Le Prophet; Meyerbeer.Misses Chapman and Johnson.Refrigerators.Our stock or refrigerators is thelargest we have ever had. All kindsat all prices. Don't forget we areagents for the celebrated North Starthe best refrigerator in the world.J. T. HINTON.Keller Appointed Commissioner.Col. Green R Keiier. of Carlisle, hasbeen appointed by Governor McCrearya member of one of the commissions torepresent Kentucky at the annual reunion of the Blue and Gray at Gettysburg. Pa., July 1. 2, 3, and 4th. Col.Keller is an ex-Confedeiate veteran,having served under Gen. John Morgan. Carlisle Depot Opened.The Louisville & Nashville freightdepot, which has heen -erected at Carlisle, has been opened to the public,and the local officials of the railroadcomnany have moved in. The L. & N.is adding a large amount of switchesto tbeir yards at Carlisle.Into WearinOur Shoes IThis is the Place WhereYou Can Get a Pair ofShoes With Every CustomQuality. When You AreFitted in a Pair of OurShoes Y oti Will be Pleasedin Style, Fit and Quality,as tyle Have a Large Lineto Select From.The Shoe IVSanTHE BOURBON NEWS PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE T, 1912IliL-iiOL'KBO NEWS.' personal mention.SI;ALWAYS HAS THE CESTOF EVERY! hlliGDorothy Talbptt hasCo!., for a severalgone tomonths'Hosiery.ImDorted silk hosiery, 75at 50c. Der pair.SIMON DEPT.s. qsaiitv,STORE.Master'sSale.Auctioneer SI. F. Kennev soldWednesday for Master Commissioner iC. A. McMillan two small houses onWinchester street belonging to PhilDeignan to Ed. Gorey for 2,356.-MisDenver,stay.Mrs. J. O. Marshall is visiting hermother, Mrs. M. E. Lydick, in Cvnthiana. Mrs. John , Shine, who has beenqiite ill with an attack of pneumonia,is improving.'Mrs. Rhoda Conway, who has beenvisiting friends in Cincinnati, has re-turned home,ii Miss Anna Eads Peed Jeft yesterday for a protracted visits to friends.. in Harrodsburg.Ice Tea.Upton's Tea is famous for iced tea.We sell it.C. P. COOK & CO.Embroidery.Embroidery, 35., 45c.quality, at 25c. per yard.SIMON DEPT. STORE.and 50c.Buys Suburban Property.Dr. Bruce Andqrsun, of Paris, haspurchased of Mr. and M-s. John A.Rice, of Colorado, his tract of land inthe edge of Paris, lying on the U'n'onville pike, and containing about fourteen acres, at a private price.Millinery at Kali Price.Ou; entire line of millinerySIMON DEPT. STORK.ha r-price.atNotice tc the Pubiic.It is well to anticipate the possibility of typhoid fsver. Then, boil allwuter used for domestic purposes,and put yourself on .the safe side.An ounce of prevention, etc. Presumeyour water supply to be bad untilyou know it to be good. This canonly be brought out by analysis.A! H. KELLER,7-tf City Health Officer.Purchasing Wool.Samuel Marcus, represpnting a million dollar company in Baltimore, Mdhas been in Bourbon county foral days and has closed a number ofdeals for the purchase ot wool. It isestimated that Mr. Marcus will shipfrom Paris and nighbo?ing points, upward of 100.000 pounds ot wool whichwas purchased at prices between 22a, :d 24 cents per pound, representingtiji outlay of something like 25.000.Miss Nannie Miller has returnedfrom an extended visit lo relatives inBirmingham, Ala.Miss Wellington Smith, of thiscounty, is visiting friends in Lexington and Georgetown.Mr. Joseph Elvove and family havemoved to the residence of Mrs. HenryButler, on High street.Miss Ollie Butler has returnedfrom New York, where she has beenpursuing her etudies in art.Miss Eleanor Clay entertained afew of her young friends with a fishing party Tuesday afternoon.j Miss Ruth Pinnel, of Winchester,is the guest of her aunt, Mrs. MaryWalker, on Fifteenth street-Mr. Edward Woods, who has beenattending St. Joseph's School, atBards-owa, will returnJhoma June 20.Mrs. J. D. Burnaugh has gone toCynthiana to be with her brother, Mr.FosterClary, who is critically ill.Miss Lizze Grinnan has arrivedfrom Seattle, Washington, for a visitto her brother. Mr, James Grinnan.Hon. Cassius M. Clay attended themeeting of the trustees of State University, held in Lexington, Tuesday.Miss Amelia Leer, who has beenengaged in teaching school ;at Miudlesboro, has returned to her home in thisci ty.Mm. Thomas Allen and littledaughter are visiting Mrs. Allen'smother, Mrs. P. S. Ashrook, in Cynthiana.Miss Sallie Daniei attended themarriage cf her frierid. Miss MargaretMount, which occurred yesterday, atDanville.Misses Jessie Jones and Phyllissever- Bates have returned to their home inLexington after a visit to Miss LillianDejarnett.Mr. 'and Mrs. E. W. Powell anddaughter, of Winchester, are visitingfriends and relatives this week inParis and fir. iller buig.We Are Proud ol Our$15lineWe've added to this line at this jprice, and can show you a beautifulselection ot patterns, and they're wellwade, too!J. W. DAVIS & CO.New Standard Novels.We have restocked our circulatinglibrary with the latest standard fictions on the market. Call in and getsomething real new to read.PARIS BOOK STORE.Wilson Chosen to SucceedStackhouse.The Board of Education met in acalled session in the office of Prof.George W. Chapman, m the CitySchool Building Tuesday evening andtook up the matter of selecting a successor to Prof. W. R. Stackhouse, whotendered his resignation as instructorhi languages at the institution and bythe unanimous vote of the board Prof.Homer Wilson, of Fayetie county, waselected. No other matters werebrought before the body, which Tadjourned after the election of Prof. Wilson.For Sale.One new Stivers grass s-ed stripper,made this year, and one old stripper ofthe same make.R. B. HUTCHCRAFT.Mrs. M. H. Davis has returned toher home in Mayslick after a visit toSuits. 1 ker parents, Mr. and Mrs. Williamriulciil, br., in tins city.Mrs. Newton Current and daughter. Mrs. Leslie Edwards, have returned from a visit to Mrs. BourbonCurrent, in Richmond.Mrs. Powell Bosworth and littledaughter, of Middlesboro, are visitingMrs. BoswortJS's mother, Mrs. W. B.Griffith, near this city.Misses Fannie lngels and NellieFithian, teachers at Caldwell College.Danville, returned i home Wednesdaynight for the summer.Miss Ethel Harp, of Centerville,who was injured several deys ago in arunaway f accident on the Lexingtonpike, id able to be out.Messrs. Wm. Cooper, IrelandDavis and Ernest.Martin, of this city,attended the opening dance at GrahamSprings, Meicer county, Tuesdayevening.Dr. and Mrs. J. Ed Ray, who havebeen visiting at the home ot Mr. andMrs. Perry Hutchcraft in this city,left yesterday for their home at SugarC ty, Col.Mrs. Samuel Clay entertainedbeautifully at her counry home onWednesday with eight tables of sixhand euchre. A delicious lunch wasserved. Several handsome prizes weregiven.Mrs. Chas D. Webb and MissElizabeth Grutcher attended theSteele, Amelia Leer, Mary "Batterton,and Sallie Adair; Mrs. Wade Whitley.Mrs. Virgil Gaitskill, Mrs; WithersDavis, Mrs. White Varden and Mre.William Ardery.Mrs. Withers Davis is confined toher home with the grippe.Miss Stauffe, of Reading, Pa., isthe guest of Mrs. Frederick A. Wall isMrs. Sam Clay will give'a sewlrfgparty at her home on the Cane Ridgepike Saturday.Little Miss Anne Jouett Davis isvisiting gher grandparents. Mr. andMrs. E. S. Jouett, in Winchester.Mrs. C. O. Wilmoth is ill at thehome of her parents, Mr. and Mr. J.H. Shropshire, at Leesburg.Mrs. Minor Davis, who has beenthe guest of Mrs. N. A. Moore, leftTuesday to join her husband in Cincinnati. Mrs. E. L. Harris, teacher in theprimary department of the Paris CitySchool, will leave this week for Richmond, where she will take a specialcourse in the Kentucky State NormalSchool.Mr. Ed. 'Long, of Ontario. Cal.,-who has been here on a visit to relatives, will return home to-day. Hewill be accompanied by his mother,who has been making her home withher daughter, Mrs. Alex Rice.Mr. William F. McNamara, ofOshkosh. Wis., arrived Tuesday to attend the funeral of his brothrrin-law,Mr. W. F. Carpenter, which was heldat Millersburer, Tuesdav afternoon.Mr. McNamara, who was formerly ofthis city, is now identified with theKeystone Steel & Wire Co.. of Peoria,III., with his headquarters in Oskosh.He spent the day yesterday in Parisshaking .hands with his many oldfriends. He will return to his hometo-morrow night.Mrs. Charlton Alexander gave aluncheon-bridge party yesterday at ather lovely country homde, "Pinehurst," on the Clintonville pike. Aftera delicious course luncheon, auctionbVidge was enjoyed. There were fourteen tables. An exquisite vase wasawarded Miss Elizabeth Steele forwinning the highest score.Mrs. Alexander's guests were Mesd msJJ.M. Hall, J.W. Ferguson, Buckner Woodford, Jr., Hugh Montgomery.Henr.v,Butler,Henry May, Charles May,M. H. Dailey, Sidney G. Clay, J. H.Thompson. C. P. Clay', Frank M. Clay,Bismark Frank, Dnncan Bell, F. A.Wallis. Swift Champ, Virgil Gaitskill,Frank P. Caly, -E. M. Dickson, Wil--liamWormill, Laura Wiggins. JennieK. Lyle, Edward Turner, WarrenRogers, William Ferguson, Ray Taylor, V. W. Ferguson, Thompson Tarr,W. R. Scott, Robert Goirgin, BrinkRenick, Brice Steele. J. T. Vansant,Robert Meteer, John Davis. SamuelClay, J. W. Ferguson. J. W. Bacon,Mise3 Rachel Wiggins. Bess Holladay.Mary Clay, Sallie Lockhart, MaymeSpears, Mary Woodford, Frances Johnson, Lucv Simms. Elizabeth Steel,Ollie Butler, Helen Frank and ClaraBacon, and Miss StaufTer, of Reading,Pa.Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstclas? barbers. 13 tfDrink SPARKLING:BP 5DiA-r nrn. "REG.Healthful and RefreshingAt all Founts andin Bottles.5c05cBottled' ByPARIS BOTTLING CO'Roxie" Davis !Cbc insurance flaentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies.Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137Don't Forget ToDAKISpecials.Ladies' 2oc Gauze Lisle Hosiery - 15c 'Ladies' 50c Pure Silk Hosiery 39cLadies' 75c Pure Silk Hosiery .50cMisses' 75c Pure Silk Hosiery. .5QcLadies' 25c Ribbed Lisle Vests 15c'Ladies' 50c Ribbed Lisle Vests 35c v15c Stickeri or Scalloped Edges 10c10c Handkerchiefs . .. . 5c65c and 75c Neckwear 49c50c Shears and Scissors 25cUp-to-Date Novelties Arriving-Daily.-iW. Ed Tucker IAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.rFee'sSpecialsFor Friday & SaturdayMOTBOSugar Cured Hams, per lb 171-2cS. C. 'Ideal" Bacon, per lb.. 151-2cChase & Sanborn's Coffee, per lb-. 30c3 cans Elephant Corn for 25c3 cans Golden State Peaches for 45c. 3 cans Golden State Apricots for 45cSTONE'S ASSORTED CAKESMephisto, Raisin, Silver-Slice and Spanish.COUNTRY CLUBRibbon, Chocolate, Caramel and White Layer Cakes.Place orders a day ahead for Cake Specialties.Fee's Grocery Co.Suit-Rdeactions.Ladies' 25 tailored suits at $15.SIMON DEPT. STORE.Parisian Buys Automobiles.Mr. Hume Payne purchased yesterday from the Bourbon Garage and Supl y Co., a Flanders touring cvr. whichvi!l be dliversd to him in the next few:ays.Mr. W. B. Allen has purchased alive passenger, 50-horse-povver St.Elmo touring car, which will be delivered immediately.Through the firm of Yerkes & Prichard, Mr. Clarence Thomas purchased alorly-eight hoise power passengerBuiek touring car, which was deliveredMcnday. The car is one of theHandsomest in Paris,Underwear That Won't Stick.Cool, comfortable, and easy fitting.Separate and union suits, from 50c.the garment upward.J. W. UAVIS & CO.Former Paris Boy Shocked.While painting the roof of the transformer station at Blue Grass Park,near Liexington. Tuts.ia afternoon,Jos. Moran came in crntract with oneof the heavily charged electric wiresleading into the transformer station,and received a heavy shock and severalgainful burns. He was taken to St.Joeplfs Hosuital.Mr. Moran is a son of Mr. ThomasMoran, formerly of this city, and atnothef of Mrs. James E. Craven, ofParis. Mr. and Mrs. Craven went toLexington, Tuesday r.isht. Litest re-igraduating exercises at Caldwel! Col-1'leae, Danville, Wednesday, where:Miss Nell Cruncher, of this city, sisterof the latter, was a member of the igraduating class of that institution, gWord has been received in Paris ofthe serious illness of Mrs. Anna Goddard, a former member of the faculty (of the Bcurbon Female College, shehaving developed a case of galloping jconsumption. Mrs. Goddard; made ,many friends during her residence here.Mrs. A. J. Winters and Mrs. Lee'Price gave a beautiful surprise showerTuesday afternoon at the home of the !former on High street, for Miss Birdie !Wollstein, a charming bride-elect, !whose marriage to Mr. David Barrack, jof Muskogee, Okla., will be celebra-!ted in July. Mrs. I. Greengara, ofBinghamdann, N, Y., was also a guestof honor When the guests had assembled Miss Wollstein was called tosign for an express package, whichupon being opened was found to contain handsome and useful gifts to thenumber of thirty. The evasion wascharming in every detail. Miss Wollstein favored the guests with severalchoice vocal selections and Mrs. Priceand Miss Lucille Price contributedmusical numbers. Refreshments ofc.s, cakes and a: hits were served anddainty little baskets filled with bonbons were given aa souvenirs.Injured in Auto Accident.As a result of an automobile accident which occurred about 5:30 o'clockWednesday afternoon, a few milesfrom this city, one person was badlyinjured and three others were considerably shaken up when control ofthe machine was lost and the car dashed into a telephone post at the roadside. The car was the property of Mrs.Margaret Stivers, who was at thewheel, and she was accompanied byMr. J. Walter Payne, Mrs. H. H.Earlywine and Mrs. Arthur Burley. Inattempting to stop the machine aboutone-quarter of a mile from StonyPoint, on the Winchester pike, Mrs. jStivers claced her foot on the wrong 'Dedal and the machine dashed againstthe pole.By the force of the impact the occupants of the car were badly shaken up,and Mrs. Earlywine was thrown out,breaking her hip and bruising her considreably. Mrs. Stivers and Mrs.Burley escaped with only a fewbruises, while Mr. Payne was uninjured. The machine was badly damaged. Mrs. Earlywine was taken to herhome on Walker's Avenue, where herinjuries were attendedand last nightshe was reported as resting easy.I Mrs. Burley is a sister-in-law ofMrs.. Stivers nad Mrs. Earlywine a. cousin. The party was out .for a pleasure ride when the accident occurred.J. T. H INT0NYard Swinup'"1anyxpensncevPorch Swingsr otts are to the effect thatMoran is not seriously hurtr :yijly recovering.youngand isDavis $15is the name of a new line of suits atna nice. See tnem mcur window.a-Miss Mary Griffith entertainedTuesday afternoon in honor nf hersiter, Mrs. Powell Bosworth. ofMiddksboro. There were two tablesof ,500" and one of bridge. Twobeautiful prizes were given a cutalass puff box , which was awarded toMiss Amelia Leer, and a nair of goldhat pins, which were given to MissRachel Wiggins, who graciously pre- 'sjmted them to the honor guestAfter the games a delicious Iwo-jcourse luncheon, consisting of old ham, ;beaten biscuit?, chicken salad, olives,altea nuis.ices ana caKcs, wa? served.Those who enjeyed the delightfuloppftlxunity of greeting Mrs. Bosworth;and her beau'ciul bnbjvi daughter '.were :.Misses'. Rachel' Wig'ai -.s;. ' ElizabethWith a reputation based upontwenty-five years of successfulbanking experience the .The Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,has amended its charter so as tobe able to act as Executor or Administrator of Kstatesas Guardianor Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently cmalifiedto render efficient service.J$2.75' end tipWith Chains and Hangers.V-.'Bourbon Bank TrustParis, Ky.Co.,Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent, paid bii" Time Deposits8r.Minion.V.'11THE- BOURBON NEWS ; PAR'isCould Shout For Joy,"1 want to thank you from" the bot11istom of ray heart," wrote C B. Rader.of Lewisburg, VV. Va.. " for the wbn-derfu.l double benefit I got from Elec-Window ShadesLook much better, last longer!Brenlin shades are the cheapest you can buy. True, they costa trifle more than ordinary shades at first, but they last sever atimes longer. For Brenlin is made of closely woven doth without the 4 filling" that makes other shades crack, wrinkle, fade andenow unsightly "pin holes." Brenlin Shades always hang straightand smooth, and really shade. It is false economy not to have them.v BRENLIN is made in. many artistic tones and in BrenlinDuplex colored one side, white the other. Come xn and let uaEhow you samples and quote prices.For Sale by J. T. Hintontric.Bitters, in curing me of both asevere case of stomach trouble and ofrheumatism, from which I had beenPLANTERSan almost neipiess suirerer ior tenI2years, it suited my case as tnoughjust made for me." For dyspepsia, inrdigestion, laundice, and to rid the system or kidney poisons that causerheumatism Electric Bittera have noequal. Trv them. Every bottle isguaranteed to satisfy. Only nO centsat Oberdorfer's.Get results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.Case of Development.When a man reaches that time oflife that he has to think of tomorrowmorning his discretion improvesnaturally.renhnJaynesvilleandNewWayCORK.1Mi-IS?1 TWINmClothing DepartmentAll the Latest Ideas inSPRINGNow OnL. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. Sc N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911, -AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveNo. FROM '34 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 5.21 amK4. Lexington, Ky., Daily : 4.34am29 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.35 am7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.38 am10 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday : .7.55 am40 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.12 am" J37 Cincinnati, O., Duily . . .7T. , , , ,9.50 am3 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 777:,! 10.20 am12 Lexington, Ky Daily 10.15 am33 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10.24 am26 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.00 am25 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.10 pm9 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3.15 pm138 -Lexington, Ky.. Daily r 3.34 pm38 Knoxville,Tenn.. Daily 3.25 pm5 Maysville, Ky., Daily 5.25 pm-3 Cincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday 5.40 pm30 Lexington, Ky., Daily my 6,03 pm8 Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday- 7. 6.03 am32 Jacksonville. Fla., Daily . 6 05 pm:31 Cincinnati, O., Daily 10:50 rmTrains IDe-partNo. - TO v -34 Cincinnati. O.; Daily .' 5.28 am4' Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am"29 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 7.47 am" 4o -Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 arc10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily ' 9.57 am'37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla., Daily 10.24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily. -. 10.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily 12.05 pm.26 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -. 3.34 pm38 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3.4n pm9 Rowland, Ky, Daily Except Sunday ..." 5.52 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday 5.57 pm32 Cincinnati, O., Daily .... 6.10 pm8 Maysville, Ky,, Daily Except Sunday : . .6.15 pm30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 6.25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily ,T 10.55 pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily ., 10.57 p3ET". O. TIME-TABIliE. IN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.T " Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daity Except Sunda 8.13 am4 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ; .3.40 pm'8 . Louisville & Frankfort., Daily Except Sunday 5.50 pm162 Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday Only lO.OOpmTreLiris DepartNo. TO161 Frankfort & Louisville, Sunday Only ; 6.20 am7 Frankfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday 7.43 am1 F ankfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday 9.53 am3 Frankfort, Ky Daily Except Sunday 5.52amNcftice! Poultry RaisersCURESCholera, Gapes, Limberneck, Roup, Canker..JfOJTE XB GOODDiarrhoeaxo ouke, aro PirM Katie Bry Bar&town, Ky., ay: "I hava used Recipe 4-1 1 -44 for years &&d think it the bestpwMfy nnedpmade. It cures gapes and iirabemeck without fail.WCaBe, Barckown, Ky.,sayt: "One arop of Recipe 4-11-44 dropped down the bill of a gapingwe worm aad reltcrea the chick iaMaally. his the best preventive 1 have ever used."JK. a4 ftaraateed fey j. ReiK. Crame, Bardstewa, Ky. Price 50c at all Druggists.SOLO9UH1IDisplayI11-44and all Diseases or PoultryBYFamous Stage Beautieslook with horror on skin eruptions,blotches, sores or pimples. Theydon't nave tnem, nor will any or.ewho uses Buckln's Arnica Salve. Itglorifies the face, eczema or saltrheum vanish before it. It .cures sorelips, chapped hands; heals burns, cutsand bruises. Unequaled for piles.On'v 25 c. at Oberdorfer's.He Would Find Out,Reeder Is it true that it taKes sgenius to live with a genius? De Ruy.ter 1 11 ask my wife about it whengo home. Puck.Foils a Foul Plot.When a shameful plot exists betweenliver and bowels to cause distress byrefusinggto act, take Dr. Kings' NewLife Pills, and end such abuse of yoursystem. Thsyjgently compel right action of stomach, liver and bowels, andrestore yourhealth and all good filings. 25 cents at Oberdorfer's.One Place Where Living sCheap.In the Blue Nile region in Egypt anative laborer can live very comfortably on six to eight cents a day.Each age of our lives has its joys.Old people should be happy, and theywill be if Chamberlain's Tablets aretaken to strengthenthe digestionkeep the bowels regular. Theselets are mild and gentle in theirandtion and especially suitable for peopleof middle age and older. For saleby all dealers.Still There's Generally a Supply.Marriages, we are told, are made inheaven, but it takes all kind of marriages to use up the raw material.Puck.There is no real need of anyone being troubled with constipation. Chamberlain's Tablets will cause an agreeable movement of the bowels withoutany unpleasant effect. Give them atrial. For sale by all dealers.A Distinction."Does your cousin sing well?". "I'venever heard her." "What! never beardher sing?" "Oh, no sing well."Boston Transcript 3When your child has whoopiug coughbe careful to keep the cough loose andexpectoration easy by giviag Chamberlain's Cough Remedy as may be required. This remedy will also liquifythe tough mucous and make it easierto expectorate. It has been used successfully in many epidemics and issafe and sure. For sale by all dealersRift in the Lute."Isn't springtime grand ?' gurgledthe sweet young thing. "It "is thenthat nature puts on her most gorgeousraiment, the timid violet's peepthrough their covering of leaves, andthe birds voice their happiness insong, and" "And the cro-cusses,"suggested the sapless swain, trvinato help out. Judge.A sprained ankle may as a rule becured in from three to four days by anplying Chamberlain's Liniment andobserving the directions with eachbottle. For sale by all dealers.Knowledge Broadens Him.The more a man knows about thisworld the more willing he is to put upwith the petty faults and vices of hisfellows. Detroit Free Press.It is now well-known that not morethan one case of rheumatism requiresany internal treatment whatever. Allthatijj needed is a free application ofChamberlain's Liniment and massageing the parts at each apnlication. Tryit and see how quickly it will relievethe pain and soreness. Sold by alldealers. 'Back at Him.A certain young man who pridedhimself on a brusqueness that he mistook for wit met an eminent buttouchy sculptor at a studio supper"So you're the chap," he said on beingintroduced, "that makes mud heads.""Not all of them," the sculptor repliedquietly. Youth's Companion.Poet's Beautiful Farewell.God bless thee with blessing beyondhope or thought, with blessings whicr.no word can find. Tennyson.Drives Off a Terror.The chief executioner of death inthewinter and spring months is pneumonia. Its advance agents are coldsand grip. In any attack bygone ofthese maladies no time should be lostin taking the best medicine obtainableto drive it off. Countless thousandshave found this to be Dr. King's NewDiscovery. "My husband believesthat it has kept him from having pneumonia three or four times" writesMrs. George VV. Place, Eawsonviile-V;tf,. "and forrcoughs, colds and croupwerr.have never found its cmmi --Guaranteed for all, bronicha' affections:Price .50 cents and S1.00: Trial hnfMoBourbon Oarage & SupplyCor, 4th and High Sreets,Paris, KentuckyKENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO."The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService.Paris Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort eery hour onthe hour i'rdrn 6 a. m. Until 8 p. m.,and at 10 p.gm.,'the last car going onlyas'far as"VersaillesCars leave Lexington for Versailles.Frankfort and Paris, every hour from6a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d.rn., the last car going only as far asVersailles.Cars leave Versailles for LexingtonandParis every 15 minutes after thehour f rom6 :15 a. m. until 8:1c p. m.arid at 11 :15 p. m.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.-Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6 :45 a. m. until 7 :45 p. m., and at 9 :45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort for Versailles,Lexington'and Paris every thirty minutes after the hour from J3 :30 a. m.until 7:30.p. m., and 10:30 p . m.. thelast car going only as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars lettve Georgetown for Lexington and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5 :45 a. m.until 6:45 p. m., and at 8:05 and 10:05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville everv thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30 "p. m.,and at 9 ana 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every!fif teen minutes'af ter the hourfrom 6:15"a.m. until 8rl5 p.m.'and at10:15 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for George-,town every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars-on Sunday .17-tfDeafness Cannot be Curedby local applications, as they cannotreach the diseased portion of the ear.There is only one way to cure deafness,and that is by constitutional remedies.Deafness 'n caused by an inflamedcondition of the mucous lining of "theEustachian Tube. When this tube isinflamed you have a rumbling sound orimperfect hearing, and when it is entirely closed, Deafness is the result,and unless the inflammation can betaken out and this tube restored to itsnormal condition, hearing will be destroyed forever ; nine cases out of tenare caused by Catarrh, which is nothing but an inflamed condition of themttc'ous surfaces.We will give One Hundred Dollarsfor any case of deafness (caused bycatarrh) that cannot be curedby Hall'sCatarrh Cure. Send for circulars free.R J. GHBNEY & CO., Tuledo, O.Sold by Druggists. 75c.-. . .Take Half?' Family. Pills forconsl!-Also all Typesyy i-3POR SALE BYBourbon LaundryD.WIS & FUNK, Props.Telephone No. 4.BourbonParis, Kentucky,Ml women, who suffer from the aches and pains, dueto female ailments, are urged to try Cardui, the reliable,scientific, tonic remedy, for women. Cardui acts promptly,yet gently, and without bad effects, on the womanly system,relieving pain, building up strength, regulating the system,and toning up the nerves. During the past half century,thousands of ladies have-written to tell of the quick curativeresults they obtained, from'the use of this well-known medicine.TAKELARDUMrs. Jane Callehan suffered from womanly trouble fornearly ten years. In a letter from. Whiteville, N. C, shesays: "I was not able to do my own housework. Mystomach was weakfand my blood was wrong. I had backache, and was very weak. I tried several doctors, but theydid me no good. I used Cardui for 3 or 4 months, and nowI am in the best health I have ever been. I can never praiseCardui enough." It is the best tonic, for women.Whether seriously sick, or simply weak, try Cardui.Write to: Ladies' Advisnrv TVnf riiiinnnm p. m.-for Special Instructions, and 64-page book. "Sometimes Best to. Be Patient.re'fluently the., worm -that turnsCo.Office Opp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,TheWomansTonicHome Treatment for Women," sent free. J53Use Today.Seize - the present day, giYingno; K'C. E. BUTLERS 0,.free at Oberdorfer's. - ' -Lp at jq..5 -VTTHE BOURBQN NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE ;? 1912.mwmmmmmwmmmmTWIN BROS.Department Store Cor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's Wash Dresses, 50c, 75c, $1 .Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts and Waists.TWIN BROS.mParis, KentuckymmmmGifts for All OccasionsThere is no establishment in ihe UnitedStates better able to meet your requirements in exclusive selections of Diamondsin unique and distinctive settings; SterlingSilverware wrought by experienced artisans; Gold Jewelry of refined andartistic character; ShefEeld Silverware ofhard metal with silver-electroplate; Toiletware of sterling silver and of ebon;Watches of the worlds leading makers;Herschede Hall and Mantel Clocks cfnational reputation for case derign.-, timekeeping, and famous i ubular Chimes ih.5sound the hours and quarters dux thepeals of Whittington and Westminster; infact, with the choicest in jewelry. gc'.Jsmithing, and silversmithing ar raoceraloprices. A Catalog of Hall anc ManlJClocks only is issued, as assortments inother lines are always changing so as toinclude the latest approved designs. Butselections, insured and express paid, willbe sent to those making themselves knownas reliable through the CorrespondenceDepartment. A personal visit when inCincinnati will be appreciated.Silversmiths Jewelers GclasmithsThe Frank Herschede Co.Herschede Building, Fourth Avenue, Eastj3 Cincinnati, OhioPi?r- w&mimill-IVMICHELINQuick DetachableClincherEasily Fits Any Quick Detachable RimNo Tools Required; IN STOCK BYYER1ES & PRICHARDCorner Fourth and PleastantPOPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, june 975c.RoundTrip75RoundTripSee tfee Fao High Bridge BAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Peftttr Airs.)Ticktfs seU mt GEORGETOWN tood only oa Sfeckl Trail fam t IJi am.ftf rrilTlnfiiriwiii riH n 1 ------- ' -.101 -.-i KIG' ftCT'taK K.Coming Backto Maria"That woman," he leaned across thetable and tapped my arm impressively,"was like a pillar of radium " withphonograph attachments. She couldmanage anything anything; but whenall her energies .were bent on managing one poor man, why naturally itwas too much fierce white light forany weak human being to bear. Itshriveled me up. Believe it or not,"Mr. McCurdy's eyes took on a far-awayreminiscent look and he noddedgloomily, "but I wasn't just Mrs. McCurdy's husband, I was her door mat,her kitchen mop. I was getting sothat I ran and asked her if I couldwalk up the road a piece. Prettysoon she'd have been feeding mewith a spoon. So, one day, I justwalked out, leavin' her most all theready money I had; knowin' all thetime that she was smart as lightningat her trade dressmaking. Well "he shifted his position slightly, "afterthat, I drifted around quite a little,made and saved some money, andthen went back there to settle downon the ranch and look after my properties. "Well, sir, do you know what? Livin' there on Beehive, and studyingover things life and nature and whatnot I got to be quite a philosopher. Ifound myself" this with tremendousimpressiveness "I remember the daywhen it came over me just like arevelation. I was hoeing in the melonpatch, and suddenly I straightenedmyself up and threw down my hoe,and I seemed to swell up as big as theuniyerse. Why, I almost shouted: 'Iain't afraid of Maria. I ain't afraid ofMaria any more, not any more than Iam of those darned industrious antsyonder, which she's like.'"So not long after that I saddledmy horse and rode up the mountain toMaria's cabin; first time I'd clappedeyes on it since the day I left. I feltkind o' funny when I walked up thatpath, you bet. Well, Rosy came tothe door and let me in; said her mother was at a missionary meeting butwould be home soon. That suited medown to the ground. I thought I'd getthings all arranged before Mariashowed up. So, I broke it to Rosywith a good deal of pathos, if I do sayit myself, that I was her long lostfather."He shook his head gloomily. "Butit didn't go. Rosy's a beautiful girl,beautiful, but she's got no temperament. All the time I was talking toher, and anybody'll admit that I gota persuasive way with me, she lookedas if she didn't believe a word I wassaying, and when I finished, she satthere with her eyes down and neveropened her mouth. Embarrassing,wasn't it?"I was feeling kind o' foolish andnot knowing what next to . say whenthere was the sound of a key rattlingin the lock and the next minute Mariawalked in."Then, would you believe it? Rosalie, a beautiful girl", beautiful, but nosavor fair, says right off, like this:'Mother, this is Mr. McCurdy, he sayshe's my father.'"For a moment that seemed to deprive Maria of her power of speech,so I took my chance." 'Yes, Maria, it's me,' I said. 'Afterall these years.' I spoke kind of touchingly, you' know, as if overwhelmedwith thoughts too deep for tears.'Yes, I've come back.'" 'What for?' "says Maria, like that.Make anyone jump. Sort of detonating, like a bullet fired off close to yourear."'Maria,' I said firmly and friendof my better days, I leave it to you, ifyou ever knew any man that could befirmer than me, not praising myself atall, you know, but just stating facts'you had your own way for a goodmany years, and you certainly took it;but you ain't the only one that's hadtheir own way. I've been having itright along down to Beehive Ranch,and,' here I spoke very slowly and impressively, 'I found myself downthere, and I'm not to be bulldozed, orcowed, or crushed by anyone thatwalks the earth.'"Now if you talk to nine women outof ten just that way, they'll knuckledown; but I'd have bet my last dimeon Maria. I never yet saw any termsof speech that had any effect on her.She wouldn't hesitate, to give a pieceof her mind to St. George and thenturn round and sass the dragon. Inever yet saw man, woman, thing orsituation that she was afraid of. Soyou may imagine how the earth seem-'ed to rock when I heard her say, asgentle as a cooing dove:"'I can see, now, Henderson, that3ou ain't been treated just right. I'vealways felt that there was only oneside to our story, and that was mine.'Oh, how she sighed! 'But you'vemade it plain to me now that you'vegot a side as well. No,' she shookher head slowly back and forth, 'youhaven't been treated right; but noone,' and she drew herself up like aqueen, 'no one has ever accused MariaMcCurdy of not doing the best shecould to set right her mistakes. SoHenderson,' and here she extendedher hand with a sort of royal gesture,'I'm willing to make it up and let bygones be bygones start life anew."American. Magazine.Almost Too Much.A Boston minister wants parents tostop talking baby talk to their children and to read Plutarch, Plato,Juvenal and Tacitus for the good oftheir little cries. But a classic homewith modern improvements would bea little more than any family outsideof an intellectual center" could wellstand. Baltimore American.Always Some Shred of Qood.No man is perfect; yet no man isWholly broken and useless. You maygrind a mirror to powder, so that itno longer reflects a single ray of light,but you cannot crush a human soul soutterly that no trace of goodnesswhich is a reflection of the eternalgoodness may be found somewhereIn its depths. Christian EndeavorWorld.Separating Lady's Finger Tips.Many boys pride themselves ontheir muscular strengths Let a girlplace the tips of her forefingers together, keeping her elbows on a level withher shoulders, and challenge any boyto take hold of her wrists and separate them by a steady pull. "Unlessshe be unusually weak or he be verystrong, he will probably fail. Woman's World.Something New !n Science.A French chemist claims to 1iavedevised a simple but accurate methodof measuring the surface of a humanbeing.- Largest Spring Is In Arkansas.-Arkansas has the Wriest spring?the world,-Mammoth sprinr, a fiall aiat)rivr at itssourc, SpHi'riTar:Master Commissioner'sSaleOFCity Property and Lots.BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT.Mrs. W. W. Massie's Administrator,Plaintiff,vs. I Notice of Sale.Her Legatees, Defendants.The undersigned Master Commissioner will, pursuant to the order of salemade at the M arch, 1012, term of theBourbon Circuit Court onThursday, June 20, 1912,at about the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.,expose to public sale on the premises the following property to-wit:The portion of the home-place oftestatrix, including residence and otherimprovements on lot which is describedas follows: Located in Paris, Ky., onVine street between Scott avenue andMassie street, fronting on Vine 180 feetand extending along Scott avenue 305.5feet, along Massie street 298.3 feet,and being 220 feet in the rear fromMassie street to Scott avenue.Lot No. I on Plat Herein Filed..Fronting on Scott avenue 57.5 feetand extending back 148 feet and being57 feet in the rear..Lot No. 2 onPJat Herein Piled.Fronting on Scott avenue 57.5 feetadjoining Price and extending back 148feet and being 57 feet in the rear.Lot No. 3. on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 56.8 feet on Massie street andextending back 72 feet on west sideand 75.5 feet on east side to 57 feet inrear.Lot No. 4 on Plat Herein Filed. .Fronting 5G.8 feet on Massie streetand extending back 75.5 feet on westand 79.9 feer on the east, being 57 feetin the rear.Lot No. 5 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 56 feet on Massie street,running back 79.5 feet on the west and83 feet on the east, being 57 feet in therear.Lot No. 6 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie street andrunning back 85.5 feet on the west and94.5 feet on the east, being 70.5 feet inthe rear.Lot No. 7 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie stieetand running back 94.5 feet on the westand 108.5 feet on the east, being 61feet in the rear.Lot No. 3 on Plat Herein Filed, iFronting 50 feet on Massie streetand running back 108.5feeton the westand 128 feet on 'the east, being 53.5feet in the rear.Lot No. 9 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie streetand-running back 128 feet on the westand 146.5 feet on the east, being 53.5feet in the rear.Lot No. 10 on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 50 feet on Massie street andrunning back 146.5 feet on the westand 135.5 feet on the east, being 51 feetin the rear.Lot No. II on Plat Herein Filed.Fronting 44.5 feet on Massie streetand running back 155.5 feet on thewest and 128 feet on the east, being 98feet in the rear.Alsp a vacant lot on Scott avenuefronting thereon 48 feet and runningback 150 feet, being 35 feet 10 inchesin the rear.Terms.The said sale will be made uponcredits of 6, 12 and 18 months for equalparts of the purchase money, the purchaser to execute bond with goodsurety to be approved of by the under-,signed, bearing interestfrpm date until paid at the rate of.6 per cent-'perannum: 5 ' rq, a. McMillan, m. c. b. a a .TALBOTT 4b "WHITLEY; Attys - -26 WiylSt-SCjt' - ...--: VJob PrintingWORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood Work Done Cheap;Cheap Work Done Good!TRE J9B R0OfflS O'FTHEBHRB0NNewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such asBILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,CARDS,CATALOG ,POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.Let us figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & -- Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is .new and modernfaces. r .tu Bourbon Ilews,1 04 Issues a Year for$2.00." Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on .application.VTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JUNE 7, 19123Prof essional Notice.Hereafter Mr. Robert C. Talbott-will be found in his Paris office eachiay during the forenoon, and in theafternoon each day in the Lexingtonoffice of Robert B. Franklin andUobert C. Talbott, corner Short streetjand Cheap Jde.ROBT. C. TALBOTT,7-3t W. H. WHITLEY.Swings.Beautiful new line of lawn and porch"swings. Ihe nicest lot we nave .evershown. "J. T. H1NTON.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Refrigerators.Get the new Iceberg refrigeratorsold by ,vtf A. F. WHEELER & GO.r"the Botne of Correct footwear'DAN COHEN!G3The Timetou y isNowThe PlaceOUR STOREYou will save time and money when'you purchase your Spring and Summer Footwear here. We have a largeassortment ofWhite Shoes and Pumpsin Canvas and Nu-Buck for Womenand Children at a range of prices tosuit the most economical shoppers.These bargains could not be duplicated anywhere outside our store.A Sure Fit.1 1 -ASee our line of Pumps and Colonials in allpopular leathers and fabrics. For fit, style andcofmort they are not surpassed,The prices are unusually low, quality considered.Keep cool and comfortable in a pair of thefamous Walk-Over Oxfords, We have them in allthe latest styles in Black and Tan Oxfords,We Save Vou ivloney on YourFootwear Purchases.DAN COHEN,1 336 Maiir St., Paris,Mrs. James Howard is dangerouslyill. 'Mr. E. P. Clarke continues to growweaker.Mr. G. F. Jones is somewhat improved. .Mr. William Smedley:, of Hutchinson, is visiting here,Miss Idar Richie, of Carlisle, is theguest of Mrs. Mack Jones.Dr. I. D. Best of Oynthiana was theguest of his mother, Mrs. Sallie Best,Sunday.Mr. Aaron McConnell was in Germantown on business Wednesday andThursday.Miss Bessie Purnell who has beenteaching at Paris, is at home for thesummer.Miss JNannie Louise Best was aguest of relatives at Paris from Tuesday till Thursday.Mrs. V. L. Martin entertained anumber of her friends Wednesday withan elaborate dining.Miss Louise Myall returned Tuesdayafter a weeks visit to Miss MargaretDouglass at Paris.Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stewart returned Monday after a two weeks sojournat Dry Ridge Springs.Mrs. !N. B. Dickens and sons 'ofNashville, Tenn.,' arrived Monday asguests of Mrs. Elizabeth Stirman.Mrs. M. E. Martin returned Mondayafter a two weeks visit to her nephewMr. James Hutsell, at Mb. Sterling.Mrs. A. J. Lamb and family, of Birmingham, Ala., arrived Monday asguests of her mother, Mrs. Ada Milier.Mrs. Samuel Powell and little son,of Winchester, were guests of Mrs.Joe Williams, Tuesday and Wednesday. Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Johnson arespending a week with her J parentsMr. and Mrs. R. O. Chambers atSardis. 3Mr. and Mrs. E. Hawkins and son,will leave in about ten days for an extended visit through several Westernstates.Mr. J. A. Miller was taken to St.Joseph Hospital, Lexington, Mondayfor treatment. He was accompaniedby his wife.Miss Dorthv Peed, who has beenteaching in the graded school of Birmingham, Ala., returned home Sunday for the summer.Miss Olive Fisher returned Wednesday from Randolph Macon College,Virginir, where she has been attending school.Miss Alma Duke Jones is stayingin the grocery a few days this weekduring the illness of her uncle, Mr. G.F. Jones.Mr. Lctton Vimont, Mrs. SallieYoung, Mrs Thomas Mc Clin took anddaughter, Miss Ruth, were in Lexington Wednesday.Miss Nannie Clarke, who ha'S beenteaching in Cynthiana, and sister MissSadie, who has been teaching at Escondia, are at home for the summer.The Ladies' Aid Society of theChristian chnrch met with Mrs. T. D.Judy, Wednesday afternoon. Theywill meet with Mrs. F. A. Herbertnext month.Miss Nannie Gill, of Maysville, wholias been the guest of Mr. Aaron McConnell for the past two weeks, leftTuesday for a visit to relatives inLexington.Mr. J. F. McDaniel and family attended the wedding of their son andbrother, Mr. J. F. McDaniel Jr , toMiss Fannie Lou Martin, at Cynthiana, Tuesday afternoon.Mr. and Mrs. Bascom, and littledaughter, Sue, left Wednesday fortheir home at Owingsville, after atwo weeks visit to Judge and Mrs.T. P. Waddell and other friends.Miss Margaret Peterson left Tuesday for Black Mountains, N. C, as adelegate from the Y. W. C. A. of M.F. G. , accomr.ianed by Miss HelenAsbury, of Dover.Mrs. K. B. Hutchings returned toher home at Lexington, Tuesday aftera few days visit with her mother,Mrs. Belle Taylor, accompanied byher sister, Miss Mary Taylor.Mr. J. G. Smedley and daughter,Mrs. C. B. Smith left Monday forTaylor and Midland, Tex., to visitMrs. Bostinand Mr. Graham Smedley,daughter and son of Mr. Smedley.About twenty blue grass stripperswent out from here Wednesday morning. Fourteen of them will' be usedby Miller & Caldwell. Quite a number of others went out from variouspoints in the neighborhood.At the meeting of the City Councilon Wednesday night, Dr. W. M. Miller was elected a member of theBoard by a unanimous vote to fill thevacancy made by the death of Mr.W. F. Carpenter. No other businessof importance was before the body.A number of cla'm were made andrejected.The funeral of Mr. W. F. Carpenter who died at his home Sunday at11: 30 a. m. took place Tuesday afternoon from his late residence -at 3:00o'clock, his pastor, Elder ThomasSmith, conducting the services. Theservice was a short simple one, andyet impressive. The remains wereplaced in a steel vault in the Millersburg cemetery. The' floral tributeswere n-imerous and beautiful. Thefollowing were the pall bearers:Active J. T. Judy, E. M. Thomason,Charlie Martin and W. V. Shaw.Honarary A. C. Hall, J. J. Peed, W.M. Lay son, a. P. Thomason, S. R.'Allen, Charlie Leer. Following out-of-townfriends attended the" funeral:Mr. and Mrs. Frank Jameson anddaughter; Cynthiana; Mr. and Mrs.J. M. Walker, Flemingsburg ; Mrs. C.F. Maurer and Mrs. J. H. Darnaby,Lexington; William McNamara, Oshkosh, Wis; Miss Jessie Brown andWill Johnson, Paris; Miss FannieKerns, Mrs. W. B. Ratcliff, E. J.Secrest, Thomas Watsbn, Mr. andMrsv. Irvin Swinford, Carlisle; Mr.Leslie Shrout. Owing-sville: Mr. andMrs. 0. C. Ratcliff, Carlisle. -Mrs. Cray gave her husband, Mr.Cray, quite a surprise Monday evening in the form of a birthday dinner.Mr. Cray was in Paris Monday andduring his absence, Mrs. Cray withher sister, Mrs. W. S. Judy, weremaking ready to surprise him with asix o'clock dinner. A number of Mr.Cray's gentleman friends were invited and were to keep it a .secret until they arrived at the home. Mr. Crayreturned fromPavis on the noon train,but the two ladies who were workingthe surprise, through the help offriends, managed to keep him on thestreet the greater part of the afternoon, thereby keeping down anysuspicion as to the pleasure in storefor him. However Mr. Cray's suspicions at one time in the afternoonwere slightly aroused but he onlythought thot Mrs. Cray meant to havethe immediate members of the familypresent. These suspicions howeverwere soon delayed when she told himshe was only putting up strawberries.So unconcious was he of what waactually taking place, that many ofthe guests had arrived before he camehome, and his surprise was completewhen . he returned. It was a jolly!evening and a jolly crowd. A delightful menu was served at six o'clock,consisting of cold ham, beef loaf croquets, stewed potatoes, green peas,fruit salad, dressed eggs, cottagecheese, coffee, hot biscuits, light cornbread, followed by strawberx-ies, icecream rand cake. After supper cigarSwere enjoyed. The occasion was Mr.Cray's fifty-fourth birthday. Thetime was passed pleasantly until 8:30when the guests departed. The following g"ests were present, ElderThomas Smith, Drs. H C. Burroughsand F. A. Herbert, Messrs. E. M. andW. O. Inorels, S. M. Allen. J. D.Booth, P. L. Dimmitt, W. S. Judyand R. M. Caldwell. In connectionwith these was the immeadiate familyconsisting of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Auxier and two little sons, Mrs. J. ClarkeLeer and Mrs. W. S. Judy.Best Act In Vaudeville Tonigh't.Dainty June Roberts & Co., resenting "The Doll Maker's Dream." andOtis Mitchell, the wizard of the banjo,will be the special attraction at theParis Grand to-night and Saturday.Those who remember "The DollMaker's Dream" from last season areaware of the fact that it was by farthe beat act ever seen at the Grand invaudevlle. Dainty June Roberts isone of the most graceful and winsomelittle dancers on the stage to-day Assweet as a baby violet, as 'bright as asunbeam and as light on her feet asthe thistle down dranerie3 that list tothe strains that the fairies play ontheir cobweb harps, she dances herway into the hearts of her audienceand after they have left the theatrethe memory of this little lady comesback to them sweet and bright andcheerful.Baby Dorothy sings "The YamaYama Man" so sweetly that she enraptures you, and when she says "Ilove my dolly, but oh, you TeddyBear, "you are in doubt whether tolaugh or cry. Mrs. Roberts, asKatrina, the woman who never, saysanything, and "Daddy" Roberts, withhis solos on the flute give a completeness to the act which makes it themota delightful sketch of present dayvaudeville.By special request Manager Porter iha3 decided to give a snecial matinee-TSaturday afternoon at 2:30.onally for the ladies and children.esDeci-Fire, wind and lightning insurance. Thomas Woodford & Co.Stout May Have To Hold Old Job.When the June term of the Bourbon Circuit Court convenes in this citynext Monday, it will be presided overby Judge Robert L. Stout, if a decision of the Court of Appeals made yesterday in a similar case has the sameeffect in this instance, It has beenthe opinion here that with the Juneterm a new Judge would be appointedto serve, as Judge Stout would holdcourt in the new district of Franklincount", created by. the last Legislature. A dispatch from Fraukfortsays :"In reversing the case of McCreary,Governor vs. Ira Fields, Commonweath's Attorney, the Court of Appeals today holds that the Legislaturehas the power to specify who shallserve as judges and attorneys in thenew circuit court districts."Fields, who lives in Letcher countywas Commonwealth's Attorney forthat district. The last legislaturemade a new district, the thirty-fifth,out of Pike and Letcher counties andspecified that the Govenor should appoint a judge and attorney for thenew district."Fields contended he had the rightto serve as attorney for the new district but the court says he has notand must move into some county inhis old district it he wants to continueas Commonwealth's Attorney."Thisx decision is construed to alsosettle the question of Judge Stout'sright to serve as judge in the newdistrict composed of Franklin countyand he will haye to remain in his olddistrict composed of Bourbon, Scottand Woodford counties."Makes Home Baking Easy SNo other aid to. the housewife njis so great, no other agent so JJ?M useful and certain m makingjUr " delicious, wholesome foods Mm The only Baking PowderMS made-from j'il)r Royal Grape Cream of TartarM B$& MSsim fito Lime FhBha-ies MSil slart 3 an' Account here andj I &J? J? start you on the road to Success.Big Average for Blue Grass SeedThe largest yield of bluegrass seedrenorted so far this season was madeknown yesterday when Mr. H. S.. Uaywood, of North Middle town, completed the stripping of 22 acres of seed,which aggregated 1.442 bushels, anaverage of about 70 bushels uer acre.Mr. Gay wood, according to the report,sold the seed, which was stripped in agreen state, to Jones & Sledd, ofNorth Middletown, for 37 1-2 cents perbushel.Grass seed stripping began in earntst yesterday morning and hundredsof strippers hav.e been turned into thefields to harvest the crop, which isestimated to be the largest in manyyears. Local dealers are now receiving seed, and for seed from the strippers the rrice of 40 cents per bushel "isquoted on the local market for thisweek, while the advance price of 45cents per bushel-is made for seed stripptd during the coming week. Handcomb strippers are receiving from 35to 45-cents for seed according .to the?$1005OOeOO$67,500,00ProtectionP679500.00I 1IS JtffT JfW OFTENFACEWJffltSSfflWtlAIorE live, we grow old, and the last years shouldbe free from care, instead of burdened -withthe weight of having io provide. This i hould havebeen done in youth hy iue practice of frugality anda live bank account.United States Depository ror Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent. ..iterest on savings accounts4?4Ooo1 DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. 1Capital $100,0002Surplus S30.000iand Mrs. S. C. Bascom, Mr. arid Mrpiaality,