5 -v' ' 7. Ji- SftSfz?. ig-jP ' "PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEAR,VOLUME XXXLPARIS, KENTUCKY, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1912THE' - ,- ;J""" flHHBIfllt Blue Grass Loses in Two Cases.1 'tfBHHHHHPfHHHBHMCBHnHM flHBV9HBrnati IClub Tuesday turned down the " ' HSIMONDep't Store,White Sale andClearance Saleins jaria u.Jan. 27.SIMON DEPARTMENT STOREParis, KentuckyLf NEW YEAR'S RES0LUTI0NSrJfr First we promise to give our customers honest and ?Kyjj courteous treatment, and the same goods for less money.We promise to do a straight cash business during theyly year 1912, and all who trade with us will sure get theirmoney's worth. You will get no duns from us. Youwon t nave to pay the other iellow's debts and you can cjjbe' free and trade where you please. What does 30 dayscredit amount to? Not a thing, only higher prices foryour goods. Money is just as hard to raise in 30 daysafter date, as to pay as you go. Don't take our word, but yytry for yourself.W 15 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00W Damask Rose' Corn, 2 cans .'. 15c . tvijjjf Baby Bunton Corn, 3 cans 25c jjjfcSweet Potatoes, 2 cans 25c tf)X Crack Homney, per lb 2 l-2c JK3? Flake Homney, per lb 4c WFull qt, Karo Syr.up4. ........ , . . . .10c WAS Good Rice, per lb . -. . . :. :.T5b fVj) Prunes, per lb : . : 10c . fflMedium Size Mackerel 5c viyLarge Size Mackerel, 3 for 25c!( Lenox Soap, 8 bars 25c )Jf' Argo Starch, 3 boxes 10c WfXS 5 gal. the best Oil . 45c lA 9I USE BLUE RIBBON FLOUR& The Best in the World , W"Rln.o T?iVhnr Plnnr lh Rnrlr 70TM T1 1 Til KA 11 1 iAJ5iue JttiDDon jf iour, id. aacK i.4uBlue Ribbon Flour, 100 lb. Sack 2.75V-r r, I FNIHAN. Pmn.Both Phones 234 $Watch this Space Next Week,IPmmPRICE & CO.4mPresident Herrman, of the JCincinnati '.Club Tuesday turned down therequest of President William Neal, ofthe Blue Grass League, who wished toinstall a club of his leagte in the city Iof Covington, the second largest city !in Kentucky. President Neal promisedin making his request to arrange the 1schedule of his league so as not to conflict with that of the Nationaljjeaeue,but Herrman was obdurate.The National Base Ball Commissionended its aesaiuns at Cincinnati ' Tuesday. Minor league magnates attendedin large numbers.The drafting Beason which heretofore has opened on September 1, willin the future open on September 15.The season for purchased playerswill close August 2, as formerly. Thefirst five days of the drafting seasonfrom September 15 to September 20,wll be given-over to the major leaguesexclusively. Two days will then beallowed to elapse, and the class A. A.league clubs will have a ten daysdrafting season. Then the leagues oflower classification will have their season in the order of their classification.One of the principal changes in theagreement was the price to be paid bythe major league clubs for minorleague palyers who are drafted. Itfollows:To class A. A., 52,500 instead of$1,000; class A.. SI, 500 instead of$1,000 ;class B., $1,200 instead of $750;class C, $750 instead of $500; classD , $500 instead of $300.Class A. A. league clubs are permitted to draft from any league of a lower classification including the class A.,prvoided thatthe latter class clubs hasnot lost a player by draft to the majorleague clubs.From May 15 to August 20, majorleague clubs are restricted to twentyfive players while the restriction inthe minor leagues are: Class A. A.,twenty ; class A., eighteen ; class B.,sixteen ; ClassJ C. .fourteen. No provision was. made for class D.At a meeting of the AmericanAssociation Base Ball owners held inChicago Saturday Thomas M. Chivington was elected president for a term offive years. The application of theBlue Grass League to place a club inLouisviile was denied.President Wm. Neal will call a meeting of the Blue Grass League directorsthis week to fix a scnedule. The -failure to get into Louisville makes it almost certain that the league' ill remain a six club league this season.The cshedule will comprise a season of120 games.MATRIMONIAL.XlE desire to express our good wishesjor1912 to our many patrons.ISilSMiss Bessie Lord and Mr. WallaceS. Douglas, of this city, surprisedtheir friends by being quietly marriedSaturday evening at half past severvThe young people did not make' ihfcirplans known; but invited the groom'ssister, Miss Marguerite Douglas, andhis cousin and guest, Mr. MasonJacoby, of Hutchison, to go for awalk, and not until they had starteddid they speak of their intention toget married. The party went to themanse on Duncan avenue where theceremony was performed by Dr. B.M. Shive.The bride is the only daughter ofMr. M. E. Lord, traveling auditor forthe L. & N. Railroad Company, withheadquarters at Paris, She came toParis from Louisville about threeyears ago, and boarded at Boubon College and'afterwardwith Mrs. CameliaWilson, on High street, and is a veryattractive young woman. The goumis the eldest son of Mr. and Mrs.James Douglas and is la very popularyoung man.For the present. Mr. and Mrs. Douglas are at the home of his parents onMain street.price & 60; GiotnierssfffiSlS"WE KNOW HOW'?-jr.1si?'?-'-i $-5,You Consider StyleCorrect Fashion!One of the most importantthings to consider is clothes;but you don't think it ought to take the placeof good quality, neither do we.Here you get the best of both; we seekout the best fashions from all sources, andsuggest a lot of smart styles for our specialtrade.We will show you some new ideas inSuits and Overcoats you wont see anywhereelse;i4t.Fall From Wagon Has FatalResults.As a result of injuries sustaind bya fall from a wagon of fodder whichhe was driving John Kenney, sgedabout 45 years, died almost 'instantlyyesterday afternoon near Little Rock,this county.Tne accident occurred about oneo'clck ysterday afternoon when Kenney in company with his brother, Jas.C. Kenney, were hauling fodder withwhich to feed some cattle. The wagnnwas heavily loaded with four or fiveshocks of fodder and in passingthrough a gate his brother left thewagon to close the outlet. In lookingup he noticed the horses without adriver and observed his brother lyingon the ground.' Rushing to his side he found him inan unconscious condition and made aneffort to ascertain the extent of hisinjuries and to restore consciousnessHowever the injured man lived butabout five minutes.The road through the pasture at thetoint where the accident occurred issaid to be very rough and lithis condition is attributed as the cause ofKenney losing his balance and fallingfrom the wagon, striking on his haed,the torce oi tne rail producing a concussion of the brain, deatn resultingalmost instantly.Dr. B. F. McClure of .Little Rock,was called but when he reached theKenney home which is about six milefrom that place, on the Sharpsburgpike, life had been extinct for sometime. Coroner Rudolph Davis, of thiscity, was notified and conducted an investigation resulting in the decisionthat death was due to an accidentalfall from the wagon.Mr. Kenney was unmarried and resided with his brother on the farm ofMr. J. C. Utterhack. They have fbeerTresidents of the community for abouttwo years, and both were highly regarded. They have relatives residingin Lincoln and Bath counties. The remains of Mr. Kenney will be taken toSharp3burg for burial.Mitchell & Blakemore,IOutfitters to MenParis,- Kentucky,mMunmiiinnJv.ii:rcni fKIFRANK & CO.The Store Where Reliability Reigns.5sBig Clearance SaleAnd- opecial oale orWhite Goods and Muslin UnderwearBegins Saturday, January 13, 1912,Ends Saturday, January 20, 1912.Bigger and Better Bargains Than Ever.Don't Miss This Sale.itParis,k & Co.- KentuckyiiiiriMntiniMni inniiiiirL:iniiMnuHnintn M;ununnnHMiiiniininniiniaJiJiiniiiini;iiiii nnuitinnfHniwM.iIirn!7V" VT 'nr-THE , BOURBON tNEWS,:954-Aitr ',i?ALL THE COMFORTS OF .HOMEwill not be yours unless youhave a parlor stove as artisticas it is serviceable. Have alook at the stoves in this hardware store. They are, brightand attractive and really betterheat makers than the ugliestold stove you ever saw. Prettiness costs nothing either.Plain stoves cannot be boughtcheaper. -LOWRY & TALBOTTIPeiris, Keiit-u.o3s.vry g .tsouroon LaungryTelephone No. 4.toD.WIS & FtfNK, Props,Office Qpp. Postoffice.A P rticular Service ForParticular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get yonr laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order.. You'll notregret it.4feBourbon Laundry,Paris, Kentucky.fHiVtrtTHE BOURBON NEWSBOTH 'PHONES, 124. - NO. 320 MAIN STREET.SWIFT CHAMP. - - 'Editor and' OwnerEntered at.tha Paris; Kentucky, Postoffice as Second-class Mail Matter.Established in 1381 30 Years of Continuous PublicationiJO. H. CHENAULT, Pres. Z. T. SELLERS Vice-Pres.R. L. BAKER, Sect, and Treas.B. F. BUCKLEY and. D. "W. CSOTT, Managers.The Central Kentucky TobaccoWarehouse Company(Incorporated)Warehouse and RedryeriS"o. 574-595 South Upper Street 415-435 South Slmestone StreetBoth ahones 1)65.LEXINGTON, KENTUCKYOPEN DAY AND NIGHTWe Are Now Open and Ready For Business.The Leading Warehouse of Lexington Past Season,The. Largest Loose Leaf House in the State.Sales capacity of five hundred thousand pounds daily. Roomon driveways for one hundred and fifty loaded wagons.Stalls for three hundred horses. Our sales the past seasonamounted to four million pounds. With our large and wellequipped warehoush; the experience and suceess of the pasttwo years enables us to guarantee our customers the bestprices and the best treatment. Come and see us and lookouer our house before selling your tobacco. We have calculators to figure the sales behind the auctioneers on the floor.As fast as the crop is sold the farmer gets his cash. Tryus once and you will come back again.STOCKHOLDERS AND DIRECTORSI. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.J. C Stone, Louisville, Ky.W. P. Barnard, Louisville, Ky.B. G. Crawford, Louisville, Ky.J. C. Bright, Louisville, Ky.O. H. Chenault, Lexington, Ky.R, L. Baker, Lexington, Ky.Dan W. Scott, Lexington, Ky.Z. T. Sellers, Versailles, Ky.J. C. Roberts, Auctioneer.,Roy McCray, of Bourbon, is with the Central House, andwill be pleased to have his friends bringtheir tobacco to himand tolcome to the house to see. him at all times, as he willbe there to look after their interest.1X"Disnlav ad vertiR Amenta. 81.00 oer inch tar first time: 50 cents per incheach subsequent insertion; reading notices, 10 cents per line each issue ;reading notices in black type, 20 cents per line eaclrissue ; cards of thanks,calls on candidates and similar matter, lu cents per line.Special rates for big advertisements.Pubushed Every Tuesday' and Friday.IWM. COLLIN'S SALE-OF-'Poland ChinaBoars and SowsATCarlisle, Ky., Jan. 11,AtH. N. Rankin's Sale and.Exchange Stable.1912,Bronze Turkeys For Sale.Fine stock at reasonable prices.MRS. CHAS. R. WHITE,R. F. DNo, 8.E. T. Phone 736 2-rings.one. year;. $.00 SIX MONTHSPayable in Advance$1.00A Stingef in this One.The Reciprocity act passed last summer provided for the removal, in part,of the duty on paper imported fromCanada. This provision did not requireCanada's endorsement. Since thenmore than eighty independent papercompanies have started business in opposition to th paper trust.Notwithstanding the ' Reciprocityact, with the single exception of thepaper provision, becime dead and defunct when Canada declined to acceptit, Senator Hey burn has introduced abill for the repeal of the whole act.Were this bill to pass unamended itnot only would uselessly repeal an inoperative act, but would put the dutyback on paper. There is a stinger inthe Heyburn repealer that will bearwatching."World Wide" Causes:Already during this session of Congress many of the orators among theStandpat Republicans have tried toexplain the prevailing high prices withthe argument that the high price waveis world wide. This is another of thfhalf truths which the Republicans seekto have the people accept as a wholeexcuse.Mr. R. H. Hooker, of London read apaper before the Royal Statistical Society of England recently, in which heshowed that the increased cost of "allcommodities" was twice as much inFOB AGED PEOPLE.Old Folks Should be Careful inTheir Selection of Regulalive Medicine,We have a safe, dependable, and altogether ideal remedy that is particularly adapted to the requirements ofaged peopl and persons of weak constitutions who suffer from constipationor other bowel disorders. We are socertain that it will relieve these complaints and give satisfaction in everyparticular that we offer it with ourpersonal guarantee that it shall costthe iisr nothing if it fails to substantiate our claims. This remedy is calledRexall Orderlies.Rexall Orderlies are eaten just likecandy, are particularly prompt andagreeable in action, may be taken atany time, day or night, do not causediarrhoea, nausea, griping, excessivelooseness, or' other undesirable effects.They have a very mild but positive action upon the organs" with which theycome in contact, apparently acting asa regulative tonic upon the relaxedmuscular coat ofvthe bowel, thus overcoming'weakness, and aiding to rstorethe bjwels to more vigorous and heai.thy activity. Three sizes, 10c, 25c,and 50c. Sold only at our store TheRexall Store. G. S. Varden & Son,THEATRICAL.CONCERT AT LEXINGTON.The Tristate Concert Trio, composedof Florence Hardeman, Kentucky's fa-high-protection Germany and high-pro-! moust violiniste, Cecilia Hoffman, thetection United SUtes as in free trade J - n LS'yoEngland. 0f Tennessee, will appear at the Lex-"Comparing food prices for this year ington Opera House on the evening ofwithin " said Mr. Hooker, "we find January iz. miss naraeman recentlythere has been an increase of one percent in France, eight per cent in England, twenty-five per cent in Germany,twenty-eight per cent in Canada, andthirtyfour per cent in the UnitedStates."Why is it that "world wide causesmade a tour of this country and Canada as soloist with Sousa's Band, withwonderful success, while Miss Hoffmancreated the role of Jacinta in "Paoletta" at the Ohio Valley Exposition,and was also the soloist with the Cincinnati Summer Symphony Orchestraat the Cincinnati Zco last summer.She has also appeared in opera in the,,,,if : or, ;nr.0aa nf nno iaht ! roles of "Lakme," "Marguerite" and. . . mm , i , i "Josephine" in Pinafore a3 also inper ee.iiL in rrance ctnu ueiauu aimthirty-four per cent in this country.An Accomplished Reform.Fourteen million dollars in postalsavings banks in the United States,after but one year of operation. Thisis one of the novelties of financial reports of the New Year. This recordmakes the practical success of an expsriment about which there was neverthe slight?et doubt. There are now5,185 postoffices with postal banlcs.When the system is fully developed andpopularized annualJdepositB.of $200,000are anticipated. Now for a limitedparcels post.Why They Want the Extension.less known operas. Mr. Young lastseason appeared as piano soloist withtheRissian Symphony Orchestra under Modest Altschuler and besides being a fine pianist is a composer whowill bear watching. The combinationof these three in a program promissa delightful evening and the people ofLexington and vicinity, will be givena rare treat on next Friday evening.Mail orders will beheld until the evenig of the concert. Prices will be 75 to25 in order to enable students to attend. The concert will be over beforeten o'clock which will give the patronsfrom neighboring cities an opportunity to return home before midnight.See catalogue and bills, for paritSoul&rs. At same time and place will sell 23""feead Shropshire Down ewes, bred toimported ram. 2j2tLADY WANTED.To introduce our very complete linei of beautiful wool suitings, washfabrics, fancy wpisungs, silks, etc.,handerchiefs, laces and petticoats. Allup to date N. Y. City patterns. Finestline on the market. Dealing directwith the mills you will find our priceslow. Profits $10.00 to $30.00 weekly.Samples and full instructions packedin a neat sample case shipped expressprepaid. No money required. Exclusive territory. Write for particulars.Be first to apply.STANDARD DRESS GOODS CO.,Desk 605. Binghamton, N. Y.FOR SALE." 1fcc Buff Orpington roosters forMtie. 'Will'Mll for.2 each. .-JL tt JOE MITCHELL.-- Go to Buck's.For a nice bath, bair cut or shave,co to Buck's barber ihop. .Three first-class barbers. 13 tfTne Lexington Herald in reviewingthe message of Gov. McCreary to theGeneral Assembly, sayB in regard tohis request to the law makers to adoptthe local option measure as expressedin the Democratic platform :"The plank adopted at Louisville didnot represent aur views, does not "express our convictions as to what is bestfor the State. We are clear in our ownmind that it would be best for thecause of temperance to have the pres-eat-lawextended so as not to include... I 1 T Jt .Li 3 ..1 J.'Cilies ot nigner man ine cuiiu ma&B atmost. We believe that such an extension.of that law would not only promote the cauBe of . temperance, batwould not lead to the danger of suchviolations of the law as are certain tocome in case the extension of localoption is more rapid than publicopinion demands."5 Itj3 very plain that in the fight fortemperance the Herald would have herneighboring towns of a lower classsacrifice, but Lexington would notcome under the number of towns to tieaffected by an extension of the countyunit law. It is characteristic of thecourse Lexington and her people havealways pursued, and that is the greed-jfor gain at the expense of the other Ifellow. A local option extension alongthe lines suggested by the Heraldwould mean that the sale of liquor intowns in the class of Paris would beabolished, while "the hub" wouldthrive off the. "fat of -the land" andkill a darned sight more people withtheir "made in Lexington goods.1'Parson's Poem a Gem.From Rev. H. Stabenvoll, Allison.Ia. , in praise of Dr. King's New LifePills:' 'They're such a health necessity.In every home these pills should be.If other kinds you've tried in vain,USE DR. KING'SAnd be well again.Only 25c at Oberdorfer's.iis the best and quickestway to perfect health.Women and girls whosuffer are simply weakweak all over.Opiates and alcoholicmixtures are worse thanworthless, they aggravate the trouble andlower the standard ofhealth.off s Emulsionstrengthens the wholebody, invigorates andbuilds up,.Be sure to getit's the Standardthe best.SCOTT'Sand alwaysAlilt DRUGGISTS11-21ihi1Woman's v PowerOver ManWoman's most glorious endowment is the powerto awaken and hold the pure and honest love of aworthy man. When she loses it and still loves on,no one in the wide world can, know the heart agonyshe endures. The woman who suffers from weakness and derangement of her special womanly organism soon loses the power to sway the heart ofa man. Her jjeneral health suffers and she losesher good looks, her attractiveness, her amiabilityand her power and-prestfge a3 a woman. Dr. R.V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N.Y., witttthe assistance of his staff of able physicians, has prescribed for and cured manythousands of women. He has devised a successful remedy for woman's ailments. It is known as Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It is a positivespecific for the weaknesses and disorders peculiar to women. It purifies, regulates, strengthens and heals. Medicine dealers sell it. No honest dealer willadvise you to accept a substitute ia order, to make a little larger profit.IT MAKES WEAK WOMEN STKOK.G,SICK WOMEN WEIX.Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate and strengthen Stomach, Liver and Bowel.GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED ElBALiEi.BOTH 'PHONES DAT 137; NIGHT 299.The Best is none too good for you.and make the Women happy.Dpdson & DentonPARIS, KY.East Tenn. Telephone Co.INCORPORATEDFor reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour-bon County Exchanges atParis, Millersburg, North JMiddletownLittlef Rock anv Ruddles Mills."When you have East Tennessee service youHAVE telephone service.7 'The East Tennessee Telephone -CoIncorporatedThat Cold Roomon the side of the house wherewinter blasts strike hardest alwayshas a lower temperature than tnerest of the house. There are timeswhen it is necessary to raiser thetemperature quickly or to keep thetemperature up for a long period.That can't be done by the regularmethod of heating without greattrouble and overheating the rest ofthe house. The only reliablemethod of heating 'such a roomalone by other means is to use aAbsolutely smokeless and odorltmwhich pan be kept at full or low heat for a short or long dmeJFour quarts of oil will give a glowing heat for nine hours,without smoke or smell.An indicator always shows the amount of oil in the font.Filler-cap does not screw on; but is put in like a cork in a bottle,and is attached by a chain and cannot get lost.An automatic-locking flame spreader prevents thewick from being turned high enough to smoke, and is easy toremove and drop back so that it can be cleaned in an instant.The burner body or gallery cannot become wedged, and can be unscrewedIn an instant for rewicking. Finished in japan or nickel, strong, durable, wellmade, built for service, and yet light and ornamental. Has a cool handle.Dealers Everywhere. If xoi at ycurs, wrile for descriptive circularto the nearest agency of theStandard Oil CompanyuacorporatedJMFOR SALE.v.One Kood square piano (Knabe) andtwo good second hand organs, can bebought cheap and on easy payments.. U UERHEAD PIANO CO. , .t. - 606 Main.jtreel..v.Bloodin E. A. Cross. 516 GlasgowStreet. Portsmouth, Va.5 it Says: "My WifeRheumatism Has used BkKMKne forto Rheuatlsa with the aaostgratifying results, after may other remedieshave faHi te.de her aay good, sbe tiads It givesher streagtfe and a ged appetite I have used Kmyself ami iad It has 4m ataletef seodJVW. T. Brooks, AftTHE BOURBON NEWS; PARTS KENTUCKY. jAHi ; 1912;.311Tobacco Growers,Attention!More money, more pounds and Hicrhest Averaere PriraI of any house in Lexington for the entire weelc; havingsold bi4,zuu ids. ior o4, 4d.tY; average price per pound$10.60 3-4. Will sell again Monday and Tuesday andagain Thursday and Friday. We put 500,000 pounds onthe floor at one sale and can put 150 loaded wagons on thedrive-ways. You don't have 'to stand your wagon on thestreets at this house. Bring on your tobacco. We willunload you and send your wagons home and then get youthe highest price for your tobacco. Call either phone 964.Eollowing are some of our prices for the week endingJanuary 6, 1912.Garrett Watts, Lexington, Ky. Average 15 cents.J. B. Winn, Versailles, Ky. Vverage 15 1-2 cents.Neal & Sanders, Harrodsburg, Ky. Average 16 cents.Onstott & Osborne, Lancaster, Ky. Average 16 cents.Twyman & Wardel, Versailles, Ky. Average 16 1-4 cents.Brown & Martin, Nicholasville, Ky. Average 16 1-2 cents.W. D, Watts, Lexington, Ky. Average 16 S-A cents.D. I. Prewitt, Teatersville, Ky. Average 17 cents.Hall & Barnes, Lexington, Ky. . Average $17.70.Barkley & Montgomery, Nicholasville, Ky. Average $18.75Stone & Bryant, Nicholasville, Ky. Average $19.20.Leslie Bruner, Bryan tsville, Ky. Average $20.30.The Central Kentucky Tobacco Warehouse Go.OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.urineCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.JSHOEFor 33 yearsNettleton Shoeshave stood for trueeconomy to the manof moderate means;and to the man ofwealth, the best thatmoney could buy. Weare sole agents forParis.Our new Fall line in all leathersPatent Colt,t Russia Calf and GunMetal, now ready for inspection.Hawking, spitting, foul breath, discharges of yellow matter permanently cured withpure botanical ingredients. To prove it we will send ytfu aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREECatarrh is not only dangerous butit causes ulcerations, death and decayof. bones, kills ambition, often causesloss of appetite, and reaches to general debility, idiocr and insanity. Itneeds attention at once. Cure it bytaking Botaric Blod Balm (B, B B.)It is a quick, radical, permanentcure'because it rids the system of thepoison germs that cause catarrh. Atthe same tima Blood Balm (B. B. B.)purifies the blood, does away withevery sympthom of catarrh. B. B. B.sends a tingling flood of warm, rich,pure blood direct to the paralyzednerves, and parts affected by catarrhal poison, giving warmth, andstrength just where it is needed, andin teis way making a perfect, lastingcure of catarrh in all its forms,Druggists or by exsress, SI per largebottle, with directions for heme cure.Samples sent free by writing BloodBalm Co,, Atlanta, Ga. Describeyour trouble and free medical advicegiven. Sole by Varden & Son.WEST JDWiiAMan Long In Fruit Butinew SendsPhotograph or Two Remark-- able 'Formations.New York. From Kingston, Jamaica, comes ,a photograph of bananafreaks, sent by W. N. Livingston, whosays:"In the accompanying picture are depicted two freaks. One a monsterbanana of the Martinique varietyweighing 135 pounds, containing 15hands, averaging 18 fingers to thehand, and a freak of the same variety,,both known to botonists as the MusaSapientum, with 33 laps or handsweighing 26 pounds, both well matured 'and cut from the same property. It Isthe most perfect freak that I haveseen after an experience of over 255 job PrintingmThirty Years Together.Thirty years of association, thinkof it. How the meiitof a good thingstands out in that time or the worth -lessnessof a bad one. So there's noguesswork in this evidence of Thos.Ariss, Concord, Mich., who writes:"I have used Dr. King's New Discovery for 30 years, and its the bestcough and cold cure 1 ever used."Once it finds entrance in a home youcan't pry it out. Many families haveused it forty years. It's the most infallible throat and lung medicine onearth. Unequaled for lagrippe, asthma, hay fever, croup, quinsy, or soielungs. Price 50c and $1. Trial bottlefree. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer.Geo. IVTW H ams,i a SB m w f wHiL. N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT DEC 3, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains ArriveSo.FROM10.12oJ2G21'Jo:;:!)814315 21 am.rt. ... 5.13 am:. . I 7.35 am7.38 amRowland, Ry., Daily Except bunclay , f-oo unT .ovinorfnn Kir . Dnilv TCxcent Sunday 3.12 am"-''""fcj'"-'" j - jAtlanta, Ga., Dai'y...Lexington, Ky., DailyCynthiana, Ky., DailyExcept Sunday..7 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . .Except SundayCincinnati, O., DmlyMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..Lexington, Ky,, DailyCincinnati, O., DailyLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. .Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday..Lexington, Ky..' DailyKnoxville, Tenn.. DailyMaysville, Ky., DailyCincinnati, O . Daily ExceptLexington, Ky., Daily -A- - -Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except SundayJacksonville , Fla. ,' DailyLexington, Ky., Daily -yCincinnati, 0., Daily ;9.50 am10.20 am10.15 am10.24 am12.00 am j. ; 3.10 pm'". . : . .3.15 pm I. ; .3.34 pm I.3.25 pm J5.25 pmSunday. f -5-40 Pm S; 5 47 pm !.6.03 am j". .. 6 05 pm i...10.45 pm I:. :"... 10:50 pmUlUIATIMCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B. Tested for30 Years.Aching bones, swollen joints permanently cured throuh the blood withpure Botonical Ingredients. To proveit we will send you a SAMPLE! TREATMENT FREE.If you have bone pains, sciatica orshooting pains up and down the leg,aching back or shoulder blades, swollen muscles, difficulty in movingaround so you have to use crutches;blood thin or skin pale : skin itches, and burns ; shifting pains ; bad breathj lumbago, gout, take Botanic Blood1 Balm (B. B. B.) which will removeevery sympthom, because B. B. B,sends a rich, tingling flood of warm,I rich pure blood direct to the paralyzj ed nerves, bones and joints, givingj warmth and strength just where it is, neeaea, anu in cms way maiiin a,j perfect, lasting cure of Rheumatism, in all its forms.B. B. B. has made thousands ofj cures of rheumatism after all othe.iI medicines, liniments and doctorsj have failed to help or cure. Drug, gists or by express, $1 per large bot-tie, with directions for home cure.S wnrij-j s:nt free by writing .Blood..ii d Atlanta, Ga. Describeyxir trouble snd free medical advicegi.'on. .-ci:l by Vavden & Son.Banana Freaks. !years in the fruit business. This hap- 'pened just after storm of 1903 that laid .waste the banana cultivations of thisisland. In going through the fieldschopping down the fallen trees this !one appears to have been left standing, with just the limbs or branches ?lopped off. with the result that the 1fruit shot right through the open cavity bearing the peculiar formation as 'shown in the accompanying Vllustra-'tion on the right." ;The Jamaica banana predominatesin the markets of the United States.This predominence is the result of a 1combination of circumstances and in- 1tention. The banana grown in Jamai- ,ca was not indigenous to that island;or, in other words, it was importedfrom another part of the tropics tofind nourishment and cultivation in,Jamaica. The banana so widely ,known as the Jamaican in the marketsof the United States, was born inMartinique, reared in Jamaica andsent to school in North America. -Itis true that bananas may be induced togrow in Florida, and that Cuba hasmade commendable, if not always 'profitable, efforts in the direction of 'cultivation; but in the Island of Jamaica, the climate, the annual rainfall of35 inches, a stable British protector- ,ate assuring the obedience of a sufficient number of laborers has'made ita success.WORLD'S OLDEST RAIN GUAGEWas Constructed by Order of ChineseKing in the Year1442.Boston, Mass. The first record of arain gauge is of that one which wasconstructed in the twenty-fourth year 'of the reign of King Sejo (1442), inChina. The king ordered a bronze ,Low Round TripNo.'ii429J-010137373313362G253893932813303113Trains 3D e -partTO 'Cincinnati. O.. Dailv -'vv vA T : n t-... T. ;"l i- T7"-v-rovl-. SnndfivLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday.Cincinnati, O., Daily Except Sunday . ... -iMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday b.Lexington, Ky., Daily : v. r v '"'q'Knoxville, Tenn., Daily : :Jacksonville, Fia., Daily -v. -.- ; ' : Q'Lexington, Ky., Daily...- :" 19Maysville, K. Daily : v,' i ' V vCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday j.iz.Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 'Cincinnati, u., uany -Rowland, Kv., Dailv Except SundayLexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday..Cincinnati, O. , Daily - ? : i . .Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday r . .T -.-.--.-. --. XT-. TnllTCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -JJLexington, K. , Daily : jqAtlanta, Ga., Daily2S3547202057562427050'43440525710.15,15.25.55;57amamamarcamam jam .am 1am 1pmam JpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmIN. EFFECT OCTOBER. b 1911. ...Trains ArriveNo. FROM2 Frankfort, Ky., Daily Except SundaFrankfort, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. . -i-,; "Louisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday..-.ui Louisville & Frankfort, Sunday uniy -yr"No. x TOK l Frawkfort Louisville, Sundavi i4rankfprlt&; Louisville, Daily1 F anVfnrtv TTv TiniTv TCvaent3 Krpjn'Vfft-pt; Tr-wv,TVilw UYrnfc SurfHomeseekers' FaresTo points in Arizona, Arkansas,Louisana, Missouri, New Mexico,Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Nebraska,Montana, Michigan, Wisconsin, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi. Tickets on sale first and third Tuesdays ofeach month with final return limit 25days from date of sale except to destinations in Florida, final limit will he12 days from date of sale. Liberalstopovers allowed in homeseeker territory. We also have on sale daily untilApril 30, 1912. with final return limitsMay 31, 1912 Winter Tourist tickets topoints in Alabama, Florida. Georgia,Louisana, -New Meixco and Texas,with liberal stopovers allowed.For further information, call on orwriteWLH. HARRIS. Agent,or N. T. DRAKE. T. A.I II L n I !WORK DONEWHEN PROMISEDGood; Work Done Cheap;JCheap Work . Done . Good !TREI9B R0Offi5 OFTHE .NewsAre prepaired to do the best ofPrinting on short notice such as .BILLHEADS,LETTERHEADS,HARDS,,CATALOGx POSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such as Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given prompt attention.V ?-!-' " j ,4". ... -a. . . ' , i"r"Chinese Rain Guage.rainfall. It was a vase resting on a !stone base and was placed in the ob- Ii servatory. Eyery time It rained he jj had his servants measure the water i, in the vase and report to him. ' - 'Let us' figure with you onon your next workOur facilities are the best, 'having- just installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themwork.Our type is hew and modernfaces. . '8.13 amfe';40 pm15: 50 pm,.,.d0L0O mMONEYIK -itlG ,I 1USA"rlr- , . i . .(,.J-U urn..'mtm.. am iWe ielK'ouhotv. and tiaybtet marketorices. "We are dealers; establishedin ISoO; audcau do .BETTER, for youthan agents or commission merchants. References any bank in Iuisv'lle. Write for v:eekly price list.JW. SABEL & SONS2?.3- & 33 . ttartai St.. LCUlSVlLL KY.iisalsrc in FUaS, U1DSS, WOOL.Lure to Shoot in Her Hat.Lelughton, Ea. The lure of theplumage which she wore in her bonnet was responsible for the fact thatMrs. Robert Rex has a bullet in herhip. Mrs. Rex and a number of ladieswere walking along the Mahoningmountain, near Lehighton, wearinggaudily feathered fall hats. Theychancedo pass a group of boys "itfra toy rifle, when one of them" remarked: "Let's shoot them.4n thehat." The bullet, howev-mlssed1the hats, but struck Mrs. Rex.Cbe Bourbon l)ew$104 Issues a Year for$2.00.'GivesCauses of Swearing.; .Minneapolis, Minn. A. N. Gilbert?son, department of psychology attheTJniversitr of Minnesota, says swearing resorted to. generally by people' :who are not educated enougKr to ex-pmss their passion 'in literary style.Advertising rates reasonable and madeknown on application.TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9 ANDIn Order to Mark Down and Re-Arrange Our Stoqkof Winter Goods for Our Big10,iTHURSDAY JANUARYWhen we will inaugurate the greatest sale of seasonable merchandise ever held in Bourbon County. Right in the midst of Winter, your advantage and gain fa getting thebest and most seasonable merchandise is untold. All profit has been lost sight of in order to convert our Winter goods into cash.You will be accorded the same careful attention, the same courteous treatment, the same guarantee that these goods are right that has at all times characterizedour business. Take advantage of these great bargains in Clothing.Men'sSuitsAll of this season's styles;no old styles, in two and threebutton models, in stripes andmixtures of grey, brown andtans; also some blacks andblues.$12.50 Suits, now $ 9.9815.00 Suits, now 11.9817.50 Suits, now 13.9820.00 Suits, now 14.9822.50 Suits, now 16.9825.00 Suits, now 18.9827.50 Suits, now 21.9830.00 Suits, now 23.9835.00 Suits, now 27.98MeiVs Overcoats. Copyricht 191 1Hie Houis of KuppenheioiefChicagoOf this season's style,made with velvet collars,Military and ConvertibleCollars, in all lengthsand styles, in all the newpatterns of greys, brownsand blacks.$10.00 Overcoats, now..$ 6.9812.50 Overcoats, now. . 9.9815.00 Overcoats, now.. 11.9817.50 Overcoats, now.. 13.9820.00 Overcoats, now.. 14.9822.50 Overcoats, now.. 16.9825.00 Overcoats, now.. 18.9827.50 Overcoats, now.. 21.9830.00 Overcoats, now.. 23.9835.00 Overcoats, now. . 27.98mmBoys' SuitsJt andflit V fiimifmn-i-rIn fancy mixtures -ofGrety; Tan and Brown,of the very best makesand style, with Bloomer3 Pants.$ 5 00 Suits and Overcoats, now $ 3.986.00 Suits and Overcoats, now 4.987.50 Suits and Overcoats, now 5.988.50 Suits and Overcoats, now 6.9610.00 Suits and Overcoats, now 7.9812.50 Suits and Overcoats, now 9.98All Straight Pants Suits Halt-Price.Men's -TrousersIncluded in our stock of trousers are Duchess and Pongee Trousers, none are better atany price, and at the prices we sell them, itslike putting money in the bank.$2.00 Pants L .$1.48$3.00 Pants : $1.98$3.50 Pants $2.48$4.00 Pants . .'.......$2.98$5.00 Pants....... $3.98 .$6.00 Pantr. $4.98$7.50 Pants $5.98$8.50 Pants $6.98SPECIALSKeystone Overalls $3 grade,NowS1.98PANTS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.$3.50 Grade $7 AO $4.00 Grade M OSNow... now tpwO$5-00NoGwr!d! $3.9810 dozeu Men's and Boys' GreyCoat Sweaters, 50c quality, now.25cMANHATTAN SHIRTSYou'll find nowhere a betterselection of this famous makeof Shirts. They, too, gothis great slaughter of prices$150 Manhattan Snirts... $12.00 Manhattan Shirts....2.50 Manhattan Shirts....$1.00 Shirts .791.25 Shirts .98Flannel Shirts, $1.25 grade.. 98c.15 wMen's Fleece Lined Underwear,, Ribbed Balbriggan 50c quality, nowMen's Fur Lined Caps, 75c and $1 grade, now :Reductions on all White and Fancy Vests.One lot of Wool Underwear, Shirts and Drawers, $2 to $3 grade39c1.50c$1.50All Fancy" Hosiery, interwoven excepted, 50c quality, now 25c; 25c quality 15cOne lot of Shirts, $1.50 to $3 quality, choice ? $1 00Men's Neckwear, the best selected patterns, the newest ci&ewt'shapes $1 quality 79c; 75c quality 49c; 50c quality 39cEverything will be Sold for Cash Only., Alterations on Suits and Overcoats made at cost. Anything not satisfactory will be exchange. No Goods on Approval1 Come early and buy enough to supplyoffered. This is absolutely a bonafide sale.your .needs, for never before has such an opportunity been offered you to buy such high-class goods as you, are nowOur regular stock, and not cheap stuff brought on especially .for a sale. It is your gain, our loss.,t ...THE ROT TR RON NFWQ PADFQ. ICPNTl'Tr'K'V liltf o iqio fad . v1'The Poolof FlameiBy NLOUIS JOSEPH VANCEXIlBstrafisas hy Ellswarlk YCopyright 1909, by Louis Joseph. VanceSYNOPSIS.CHAPTER I. The story opens at-Monte Carlo with Col. Terence O'Rourkein his hotel. O'Rourke, a military freelance and something of a gambler isdressing for appearance in the restaurantbelow when the sound of a girlish voicesinging attracts his attention. Leaningout on the balcony he sees a beautifulgirl who suddenly disappears. He rushesto the corridor to see a neatly gownedform enter the elevator and pass fromsight.CHAPTER II. O'Rourke's mind Is-filled with thoughts of the girl, and whenhe goes to the gaming table he allows hisremarkable winnings to accumulate indifferently. He notices two men watching him. One is the Hon. Bertie Glynn,while his companion is Viscount DesTrebes, a noted duelist. When O'Rourkeleaves the table the viscount tells him herepresents the French government andthat he has been directed to O'Rourke asa man who would undertake a secretmission."in half an hour? I'll await yethen, monsieur.""Pardon, then, my haste. I am late.I must be off."The man's hand touched O'Rourke'sin the most brief of clasps, singularlyfirm and cold. The Irishman ponderedthe sensation for some moments afterDes Trebes' hurrying figure had vanished in shadows."I don't like it," he averred; "'tisia bad sign a hand that's naturallycold. I never yet touched one like itthat belonged to a man ye could trust.I misdoubt he's sound at the core,Des Trebes. . . . But then, what'sthe odds? Can I not take care of mefeelf? And since 'tis the Governmentof France I'm treating with, and himself only the medium that puts altogether a different complexion on thematter."He spent the ensuing half-hour loitering in the more populous portionof the grounds, smoking as he strolled, his eyes keen to scrutinize eachwoman who came his way. But he discovered none resembling her whom hehad seen in the Casino.CHAPTER III.As he stepped out of the lift ColonelO'Rourke remarked a light in' hisroom, visible through the transomover the door."The femme de chambre," hethought. "Sure and the poor thing'sstill busy trying to clear up. , , ,"To the contrary, he found the doorfast "'Tis careless she was to leavethe light on' he observed, fitting hiskey in the lock.If thoughtless in that one way, the.-woman had fulfilled the letter of herword in the other. It was with comprehensive relief (since he anticipateda, caller) that he found the room onceagain presentable.But one thing surprised him; andmore surprising still was the fact thathis ordinarily indifferent eye should!have detected it at the first glance.!He had indeed hardly entered beforeJhe became aware of a square of white(paper tucked in the corner of the buTeau mirror."The divvle, now!" he greeted It."That's curious. . . . Could one ofme many admirers have bribed thefemme de chambre to bring a note toime?" He chuckled, holding to thelight a much soiled envelope grimywith the marks of many fingers, plastered with stamps and black withpostage marks and substitute addresses, having evidently been forwarded over half the world before itreached the addressee: who was,in a bold hand, "Colonel TerenceO'Rourke."He whistled low over this, examining it intently, infinitely less concerned with its contents than with themanner by which it had reached him.The first postmark seemed to be thatof Rangoon, the original address, theCercle Militaire, his club in Paris.Thence, apparently, it had sought himin Gal way, Ireland, Dublin, Paris again,and finally after half a dozen otheraddresses "C. of Mme. O'Rourke, Hotel Carlton, London." The Londonpostmark was indecipherable. . .He found himself trembling violently. By one hand alone could thishave reached him, since the post hadnot brought it to Monte Carlo. . .He recalled that woman's voice whichhad so stirred him, the woman of theCasino whose bearing had seemed tohim so familiar. . .. .Some one, tapped on the door; hesmothered a curse of annoyance, and"went to answer, thrusting the letterinto his pocket.A page announced Monsieur leComte des Trebes."Show the gentleman up," snappedO'Rourke. He was about to add, "inttve minutes," when Des Trebes himself appeared."Anticipating that message, monsieur," he said, moving into viewfrom one side of the door, "I took theliberty of accompanying ttiis boy. Iam late, I fear."O'Rourke forced a nod and smile ofwelcome. "Not to my knowledge,' saidhe.The Frenchman ooaeaited -hi watea.past midnight., "Then," said 'O'Rpurke, "the top othe morning to ye. Enter, monsieur."He stood aside, closing the door b&him his guest. "'Tis no matter; IfI thought ye punctual, 'tis so ye areto all intents and purposes. .A chair, monsieur." He establishedDes Trebes by a window. "And a cigarette? ... A drop to drink?. . . As ye will.-. . . And since'tis to talk secret business that we'rehere would ye like the door locked?""That is hardly essential!" Des Trebes reviewed his surroundings withswift, searching glance. "We are atleast secure from interruption; onecould ask little more.""True for ye," laughed O'Rourke. Hemoved toward the alcove. "Now firstof all I'm to submit proofs of me identity, I believe," he added, intending todig out of his trunk a dispatch-boxcontaining his passports and other papers of a private nature.But Des Trebes had changed h'ismind. "That is unnecessary, monsieur. Your very willingness is sufficient proof. I have your word andam content.""That's the way of doing .businessthat I like," assented O'Rourke heartily, warming a little to the man as heturned back a chair facing the vicomte. "Besides, I quarrel with noman's right to be reasonable. . . .And now I'm at your service, monsieur." Des Trebes, lounging back, kneescrossed, thin white fingers Interlacing, black eyes narrowing, regardedthe Irishman thoughtfully for a moment. Abruptly he sat up and removed from an inner pocket a longthin white envelope, thrice sealed withred wax and Innocent of any superscription whatever."Are you prepared, monsieur," he Jdemanded incisively, "to play blindman's buff?""Am I what?" asked O'Rourke, startled. Then he smiled. "Pardon; perhaps I fail to follow ye.""I mean," explained the vicomte patiently, ' "that I have to offer you acommission to act under sealed orders" he tapped the envelope "theorders contained herein.""And when would I be free to openthat?""As soon as you are at sea awayfrom France, Monsieur."O'Rourke considered the envelopedoubtfully. "From you, monsieur fromthe Government of France, which yourepresent," he said at length, "yes;I will accept such a commission.France," he averred simply, "knowsme; it wouldn't be asking me to doanything a gentleman shouldn't.""You may feel assured of that,"agreed Des Trebes gravely. "Indeed, Iventure to assert you will find thislet us say adventure much to yourliking. . . . Thenx you accept?""One moment a dozen questions,by your leave. . . . When must Istart?""Tomorrow morning by the Coted'Azur Rapide, at ten minutes toeight.""And where will I be going?""First to Paris; thence to Havre;thence, by the first available steamer,to New York; finally, it may be toVenezuela, monsieur.""Expenses?""I will myself furnish you with fundssufficient to finance you as far asNew York. There our consul-generalwill provide you with what more youmay require. It is essential that yourconnection with this affair shall bekept secret; should you draw on thegovernment in this country, it wouldexpose you to grave suspicions, perhaps to danger.""I understand that," assented theIrishman. "But to obviate all dangerof mistake, would it not be well tohave one of your trusted agents meetme- on the steamer and provide mewith whatever ye figure I might require? 'Tis barely possible your consul-generalmight not recognize me inNew York. Why should he? I neverheard his name, even."Des Trebes meditated this briefly."It shall be as you desire, monsieur. Itshall be arranged as you suggest.""Finally, then, what is to be myrecompense?""That must depend. I am authorizedto assure you that in no case willyou receive less than twenty-five thousand francs; in event of a successful. termination of your mission, the reward will be doubled."" 'Tis enough," said O'Rourke with asigh; "I accept."The Frenchman rose, offering himthe envelope. "You must pledge yourself, monsieur, not to break these sealsuntil you are at sea?""Absolutely of course." O'Rourketook the packet, weighed it curiouslyin his hand and scrutinized the seals.He remarked that they were yet softand fresh; the wax had been hot within the half hour."I will do myself the honor of meeting you at the train to see you off, monsieur," said Des Trebes. "At that time,also, will I provide you with the fundsyou require.""Thank ye."Their hands met. . - v"Good night, Monsieur O'Rourke.""Good night. . .Half, way to the door, Des Trebespaused! "Oh, by the way," he exclaimed carelessly, "I believe you area friend of my old school-fellow, Chambret mon cher Adolph?"" Tis so," assented the Irishmanwarmly. "The best of men Chambret!" "Odd," commented the vicomte;?'only this afternoon I was thinkingof him, wondering what had becomeof tlie man.""The last I heard of 'him, he was inAlgeri, monsieur with som Prenchjorpf' is tko dwrt." ... V ,x-manic you . . On -the pointof leaving the vicomte snapped .histeeth on a second "Good night," and,swore beneath his breath.O'Rourke, surprised, ctared. TheFrenchman was standing stiffly at attention, as if alarmed. His pallor was,if possible, increased,'' livid his closely shaven beard showing blue-black onhis heavy jowls and prominent chin..His eyes blazed, shifting from the alcove to O'Rourke.- "Monsieur?" he demanded harshly,"what does this insult mean?""Mean?" iterated O'Rourke. "Insult?Faith, ye have me there."Speechless with rage, Des Trebes gestured violently toward the alcove; andO'Rourke became aware that the curtains were shaking wavering asthoTugh a draught stirred them. Butthere was no draught. And beneaththeir edge he saw two feet two small,bewitching feet in the daintiest andmost absurd of evening slippers, with:an inch or so of silken stockings showing above each.Des Trebes' eyes, filled with an expression, unspeakably offensive, metthe Irishman's blank, wondering gazei"It is, no doubt," the Frenchman stammered, "sanctioned by your code tohave me spied upon by the partner ofyour liaisons." i"But, monsieur ""I compliment the "lady upon thesmallness of her feet, as well as uponankles so charming that I cannot bringmyself to leave without a glimpse oftheir mistress' features."Des Trebes moved toward the alcove. Thunderstruck, O'Rourke rapped out a stupefied oath, then in astride forestalled the man. With himit was as if suddenly a circuit hadclosed in his intelligence, establishinga definite connection between the threenow four most mystifying incidentsof the evening. -"Less haste, monsieur," he counseled in a voice of ice. His hand fellwith almost paralyzing force upon theother's wrist as he sought to graspthe curtain, and swung him roughlyback. "Yourself will never know who'sthere whoever the lady may be. . . .Ah, but no, monsieur!" 'Maddened beyond prudence, DesTrebes had struck at his face.O'Rourke warded off the blow and inwhat seemed the. same movementwhirled the man round by his captivewrist and caught the other arm fromthe back. The briefest of struggles ensued. The Frenchman, taken at a complete disadvantage, was for all his resistance hustled to the door andthrown through it before he fairly comprehended what was happening.Free at length, if on all fours, hescrambled to his feet to find O'Rourkehad shut the door behind him, calmlyawaiting the next move."Haven't ye had enough?" demanded the Irishman as the vicomte, blinded with passion, seemed about to renew the attack. "Or are ye wishfulto be going downstairs in the samefashion?"Des Trebes drew back, snarling."You dog!" he cried Then abruptly, by an admirable effort, he calmedhimself surprisingly, drawing himselfup with considerable dignity and throttling his temper as he quietly adjusted the disorder of his clothing. Onlyin his eyes, black as sloes and small,did there remain any trace of his malignant and unquenchable hatred."I am unfortunately," he sneered,"incapable of participating in suchbrawls as you prefer, Colonel O'Rourke.But I am not content. I warnyou . . . My rank prevents me frompunishing you personally ; I am obligedto fight gentlemen only."O'Rourke laughed openly."But I advise you to leave MonteCarlo before morning. Should you remain, or should you come within myneighborhood .another time at whatever time I will kill you as I would arabid cur or cause you to be shot.""There's always the coward's alternative," returned the Irishman."But ye mustn't forget ye've only theone leg to stand upon in society yournotoriety as a duelist. And I shalltake steps to see that ye fight me before sunset. Else shall all Europeknow ye for a coward." - 'Behind the vicomte the lift shot up,paused, and discharged a single passenger. As swiftly the cage disappeared. Out of the corner of his eye,O'Rourke recognized the newcomer asan old acquaintance, and his heartswelled with gratitude while a smileof rare pleasure shaped itself uponhis lips. He had now the Frenchmanabsolutely at his mercy."Captain von Einem," he saidquickly, "by your leave, a moment ofyour time."The man paused stiffly, with thesquare-set and erect poise of an officerof the German army. "At your service,Colonel O'Rourke," he said in impeccable French.But the Irishman had returned undivided attention to Des Trebes. "Monsieur,"' he announced, "your nose annoys me." And Svith- that he shot out.a 'hand and seized the offensive member between a strong and capablethumb and forefinger. "It has annoyed me," he explained in parenthesis,"ever since I first clapped me two eyesupon ye, scum of. the earth that yeare.."And he tweaked the nose of Monsieur le Viscomte des Trebes, tweaked it with a will and great pleasure,tweaked" it for gloryf and the Saints;carefully, methodically even painstakingly, heJcneaded and pulled and.twjst?ed it from side to side, ere releasing it.Then stepping back, and wiping hisfingers upon a handkerchief, .lie cocked 'his head tp ;one side and admiredthe result of his -handiwork. " 'Tksfin ajcaxingly happy effect.!' h ohServed critically1 -'tne crimson blotch."it makes against the chalky complexion ye affect, Monsieur des Trebes.k. . . And now I fancy ye'll. fight.Your friends may call upon mine hereCaptain von Einem, with your permission." -"Most happy, Colonel O'Rourke," assented the German, blue eyes sparklingin an immobile countenance. "I shallawait th.e seconds of Monsieur des Tre.bes in my rooms."-The Frenchman essayed: to speak,'Choked with passion, and turning abruptly, somewhat unsteadily descending the staircase..' O'Rourke laughed .briefly, offeringthe German his hand. " 'Twas wonderfully opportune, your appearance, captain dear," said he. "Thank ye fromthe bottom of me heart. . . . Andnow will ye forgive me excusing meself until I hear from ye about the affair of the morning? I've a friendwaiting in me room here Pardon the rudeness."CHAPTER IV.ft would be difficult to designate precisely just what O'Rourke thought todiscover, when after a punctilious return of Captain von Einem's salute, hereopened his door and, closing it quickly as'he entered, turned the key in thelock.His mood was exalted, his imagination excited; the swift succession ofevents which had made memorable the"Monsieur, Your Noe Annoys' Me!"nigh.t, culminating with his open invitation to a challenge from the mostdesperate duelist in Europe, had inspired a volatile vivacity such as noteven the excitement of the Casino hadbeen potent io create in him. Of allmad conjectures imaginable the maddest was too weird for him to credit inhis humor of that hour. Eliminatingall else- that- had happened,, in thecourse of that short evening, his hearthad been stirred, his emotions playedupon by a recrudesence ot a passionwhich he had striven with all hisstrength to put behind him for a time;he had first heard the voice of the onewoman to whom his love and faith andhonor were irretrievably pledged, hehad then seen her (or another who remarkably resembled her) for the scantiest of instants; and finally he hadmysteriously received 4a letter whichcould, he believed, have been conveyed to him by no other hand but hers.And now he was persuaded beyond adoubt that the person of the alcove,the eavesdropper for whose fair reputehe iad chosen to risk his life, was nouody in the world but that same onewoman. ,But more than all else, perhaps, heexpected and feared to find the roomdeserted; for the balcony outside the'windows afforded a means of escapetoo facile to be neglected by one whowished not to be discovered. . . .His first definite impression was ofconsternation and despair; for thelights had been shut off in his absence. Then quickly he discerned,with eyes dazed by the change fromthe lighted hallway to the lightlesschamber, the shadowy shape of a woman, motionless between him and thewindows, waiting. . . .An electric switch was at his elbow. With a 'single motion he couldhave drenched the place with light.For an instant tempted, some strangescruple of delicacy, abetted it may beby his native love of romantic mystery,stayed his hand."Madame," said he, "or mademoiselle, whichever ye may be the windows "are open, meself's not detainingye.. If ye -choose,, ye may go; butye'd favor me by going quickly. , . .I give ye," he continued, seeing thatshe neither moved nor replied, "thisone chan.ee. . In thirty seconds I turnon the lights."The .woman did not stir; but hethought he could detect in the stillness her quickened breathing."What ye've taken," he amended,"I'd thank ye to leave as ye go if yecame to steal. 'Tis little I have tolose. ..."There was no answer.He touched the switch with an Impatient hand, stepped forward a singlepace, caught himself up and stoppedshort, now pale and trembling who hada moment gone been flushed withcalm. t,,"Beatrix!" he cried thickly.Dumbly his wife lifted her arms andoffered herself to him, unutterablylovely, unspeakably radiant. . . ., It were worse than a waste of timeto attempt a portrait of ,her as she, seemed -to him. Seen through her hus-band's eyes, her .beauty was-4hcorripar-able,immaculate,' too rare ah.d fine, toodelicate .a thing to be bodied fortji inwords, "dependent upon the : perfection-of ,?io single'' feature. Not i hr .W .fair as sunlight on the sea, not in hereyes of - autumnal brown, not in th.ewonderful fineness of her skin or in:the daintiness of her features, not inthe graciousness of her body did hefind the' beality of her that surpassedxpression, but In the love she boreilm, In- the sweetness of her inviolate:oul, in the steadfastness of her impregnable heart. .. . ' .But it's doubtful if ever he had anllyzed his passion for her so minutely. Mostly, I tfiink, at that moment ofher.v abrupt disclosure to him, he longed unutterably for her lips and theproffered wreath round his neck of herslim, round, white arms.Yet he would not. Trembling thoughhe was, with every instinct and everyfiber othis being straining toward her,ith the hunger for her a keen pain inhis heart, he held himself back; or hisconception of honor held -him back.That which he had voluntarily forfeited and put away from him for his honor's sake, he would not take backthough it were offered freely to him."So," he said, after a bit, shakily;then pulled himself together, andcontrolling his voice "So 'twas yourself, after all, Beatrix!" Me heart told;me no other woman could have sungthat song as ye did "The wqman dropped her arms. "Yourheart, Terence?" she asked a little bitterly. "What else? Do ye doubt it?"She shook her head sadly, wistfully. "How do I know'? How can I tell?Surely, dear, no two people were everhappier than we yet within a yearfrcm our wedding you . . . you leftme, ran away from me. . . . Why?""Well ye know why, dearest, andwell ye know 'twas love of ye alonethat drove me from ye. Could I letit be said ye had a husband who wasincapable of supporting ye? Could Ilet it be said that your husband livedlike a leech upon your fortunes?Faith, didn't I have to go for yoursake?""No," she dissented with a secondweary shake of her pretty head; "Ithink it was love of yourself, a little,Terence that and your pride.. . . Why should, any of our worldhave guessed you were not the richman you fancied yourself when wewere married? Who would have toldthem that your landed heritage inIreland had turned out profitless? NotI, my dear.""I know that," he contended stubbornly, "but I know, too, sooner orlater it would have come out, andthey would have said: 'There shegoes with her fortune-hunter, the adventurer who married her for hermoney ' ""And if so? What earthly difference could it make to us, sweetheart?What can gossip matter to us if youlove me?""If!" he cried, almost angrily. "If!. . . AJi, but no, darling! 'tis yourself knows there is no 'if about it, thatI'm sick with love of ye this veryminute sick' and mad for ye . . .""Then," she pleaded, with a desperate little break in her incomparablevoice; and again held out her armsto him "then have pity on me, oh, mydearest one have pity on me if onlyfor a little while."And suddenly he had caught her tohim, and she lay in his arms, heryoung strong body molded to his, herlips to his, her eyes half-veiled, thesweet fragrance of her too well remembered intoxicating him; lay supine in his embrace, yet held himstrongly to her. and trembled in sympathy with the deep, hurried poundingof his heart. ...In the south the horizon flamedlivid to the zenith, revealing a great,black wall of cloud that had stolenup out of Africa; beneath it the seashone momentarily with a sickly silken luster. Then the dense blacknessof the night reigned again, as profound as though Impenetrable, eternal.Later a dull growl of thunder rolledin across the waste. With it came thefirst fitful warnings of1 the impendingwind storm." 'Twas ye who sang to me, dearest?" "Who else, you great silly boy?. . . And when you followed me tothe door, making as much noise as ayoung elephant, Terence I was minded to punish you a little, a very little,my dear. So I merely opened mineand closed it sharply.""There was a woman in the hall ""I saw her, dear, and laughed; thinking how puzzled you would be. . . .Was I cruel, my heart? But I did notmean to be. I'd planned this surprise,you know, from the minute I foundour rooms adjoined.""And this letter" O'Rourke fumbledin his pocket and got . it out "yebrought it. to me?""It came to me in London, dear, twoweeks ago; we were together ClaraPlinlimmon and I at the Carlton.15' 'He p.ed Short, ThMrkiwck..'waiting for her yacht to b pot 1 fciloJcommission. Meanwhile she HonnM'ing up the party for this Meifcrranean trip. . . . I had o .idwhere to send you the letter.you fead it?" !"Have I had time, sweetheart otmine?"There was an interlude.In the distance the thunder rolleerfand rumbled. v.Resolutely the young woraaa iUHengaged herself and withdrew to a llt-jtie distance. I"Read, monsieur," she insisted,. peWemptorily. 1"I've better things to do, me dearhe retorted with composure."You'll find it interesting." - r"I find me wife more interesrtiCJ 'than How d'ye know I will?""Perhaps I have read it." IO'Rourke turned the letter over iajhis hand and noted what had thereto-fore escaped his attention the factrthat the envelope, badly frayed on, teedges through much handling, wasfopen at the top. -"So ye may," he admitted. j"It was that way when I received it.And I have read it How could I fceljfIt?" -. "Then ye've saved me the bother.jHe prepared to rise and capture her.She retreated briskly. "ReadH -shecommanded. "Read about thePool of Flame!" iHe stopped short, thunderstruck.'r"The Pool of Flame ?" sbe jeTEefe,slowly. "What d'ye know about thatfp;"What the letter tells me no mdr;jWhat has become of it?" tBut he had already withdrawn th&jenclosure and tossed the envelopesaside, and was reading absorbed, ex-tcited, oblivious to all save that cm-veyed to his intelligence by the writ-. .ing beneath his eyes.It was a singularly curt, dry andjbusiness-like document for one that1was destined to mold the romance of'his life strangely terse and tritelyphrased for one that was to exert sofar-reaching an influence over the liYeLof so many men and women. Upon atsingle sheet of paper bearing their let-jterhead, Messrs. Secretan and SypherJsolicitors, of Rangoon, Burmah, hadlcaused to be typed a communfcaUoito Colonel Terence O'Rourke, inform-jing him that on behalf of a client wheJpreferred to preserve his incognito-:they were prepared to offer a reward 5of one hundred thousand pounds ster--lingfor the return, intact and un-marred, c-f the ruby known a3 th,Pool of Flame. The said ruby was,when last heard of, in the possesaioaof the said Colonel O'Rourke, whowould receive the reward upon thdelivery of the said stone to the u-,dersigned at their offices in Rangoowwithin six months from date. SuMLjdelivery might be made either in person or by proxy. With which Mesara.Secretan and Sypher- begged- to rmain respectfully his.The Irishman read it onc& and agaia,memorizing its Import; then deliber-tately shredded it into minute partl-icles."So it's come," he said heavily, "3utas the O'Mahoney foretold it would!He sank back in hi3 chair, and hiewife went to him and perched herselfupon the arm of it, imprisoning hihead with her arms and laying hercheek against his."What has come, my heart?""One hundred thousand pounda,"he said. . . . "Treble Its wortl,double what the O'Mahoney expected. . ."Who is the O'Mahoney, dear?"He roused. "An old friend, Beatrix-an old comrade. He died some yearsback, on the banks of the Tugela,fighting with a Boer commando. Hwas a lonely man, without kith' or kiitor many friends beside meself. TaakI presume, is how he -came to leave;the Pool of Flame with me." Hwoun'd an arm round her and held hecclose. "Hearken, dear, and I'll bettelling ye the story of It."Behind them the infernal glare litup the portentous skies. Thunderechoed between clouds and sea llkeheavy cannoning. The wife shrank:close to her beloved. "I am not at allafraid," she declared, when her vo!cecould be heard "with you. . . .Tell me about the Pool of Flame.""The O'Mahoney left It with mwhen he went to South Af rica,'r xex-rplained O'Rourke. "'Twas a pasteboard box the size of me fist, wrappedin brown paper and tied with a bit ofstring, that he brought me one evening, saying he was about to leave, andwould I care for it in his absence. Iknew no more of it than that 'twasomething he valued highly, but I putit away in a safe-deposit vault wWch.he mlght've done if he hadn't been ascatterbrain an Irishman. . ."Then he wrote me a letter T gotit weeks after his death saying befelt he was about to go out, and thatthe Pool of Flame was mine. Hefwent on to explain 'that the box contained a monstrous big ruby and gaveme its history, as far' as he knew it"It seems that there's a certainhighly respectable temple in one ofthe Shan States of Burmah ('tis meself forgets the name of it) and iathat temple there's an idol, a Buddhaof pure gold, 'tis said. It woula be aperfectly good Buddha, only that ftlacks an eye; there's an empty socketin its forehead, and 'tis there tfcePool of Flame belongs or come from.In the old days the natives called tkiastone the Luck of the State, mmmaybe they were rijtfjt; for wfcem J&disappeared the 3tatilNtejniesa Brit-isi possession.MIn the war of Vigmty-fiYe. aayt taO'r akcr.ey, aV flall def acaie(.British troop, out 6t touch- wltfc tkefcrk command, happened uaoa tfcl(Continued On FifeiiPv """"I 'pl 'H S O I "'-21 pim S f j I ' I M' I- 111' v 'tV - IP 1 IK?f ' 'VII " ? ..,"''.''"" a r y iS1 I2 .yS-S ii :.s : ::::: 8 ,:::: : & . : : : 8 : : MS J K igg "S & J & ?3 Cg !2 : g : -a ::::: S ::::: : : : : : S : : : : ' 1 M . 9 5 3 J s S i 3 (0 I ' 7:'f js iii 5: ;;;;; & I -g a "-i : i I ; : ' i M f g "3 IS! - -'0I i r s7! s !ii!:.l?!iI!i- sills i g iiii 'S 5 1 P ; uco : s I : S o : H8i SS8S 3l 1 SiBc.J in g W Cft : j: am m cm 10 S 3 cs 33 -S .t: hJ oi v HHHH Uh :BHHIHHHIIHHHIHHJ 00 cgiooioo -n jjr w ocxdud OOU5C5IOOQOOLO cm 0 r IB ta C3 cj 3 , : : CQ tvi iIj ilia e hi w ii S ill w I fflIT 88 8 1 CD 3u s! S3 s-g gS3 s 1 1 UJ JJT'ej; ggl islJIgl ;c rot-q , t: -g Jn OOu pqpqfqpqopp K j H 'illI o . : "5 'S'S'S J2rz ooo iouooooooo w w u .VBI S S ftooio 7 c o coo SiHC - d 2 n coiotQO 5 ioo I jI h o aoo ooooood o ooo S 1 eniS r" W 'o'o'ESo' i LS 3 o o as oo cocr. coioco J 2S S5 d S C S 'I?I S y. Is : : -g : : : : 1 wo "S ! 01 iS -S ': :;- T"L' " II cu: JfiP -g y -: : ' S bfe tf) --S: 11 - v -S- d: g : ... fi f I S. 0 ) : : 3 : : II 1.1 j i; iii si 1 an iiu oils . Jjiiifii I'-iiSi-t?!- . 1I -g-ssis ussas ! os; 5-1 "5s II-rf r'iLCco m m o a coco . S r 11 Sri- tu- -3I r S ! gg-g Sg g o fSfSfSf guou mm - g .g - W ii'g g .2 l 2 -"i S ' , IS 5? J2life&(t, S o oooo Ouooo H cO- A32cSx:3 Ke- -p 1g 'SII I g I ' g g g glll? gSJSSS? A c s" -III I J JHHHEk ' 2 i I ' M . u . o 1 I -1 a i 1 1 (A I y i Hill Isf II JiI II J VlydiHSHft S : - cj, .: A'g ife : 00 -! c4 ci aSl 5 e i U. g-B2 -.5? U:: . fijI tr WHsHP .sJ fl5!i i' i fA 1 : Tl S ?! ijio;;: ffl""hIhHBF : il I Srt (fi J j :.. : g S 222 2 2 U 1 1 fi 0 ? j iI If f &'sll i s "s-i 1 I 21 : v? iii sS .15 ( VHL ti'sis bj, . ii g i -s -s- 1 : H i i pjj j 8"- MI 14 1 a-l ; a? ai & t 5 s liS- tWf fl! I s . ... 1I Jl'l IiS&l2l i ip 11 1 I ill JiSlIliii jllllAslQill - . , ;4I M .kz:.: .-t .. . I g -I i g .5 IJ 3 I stS&Jisal iHj s MH -XJSB nwiimi..i ..- -- '.'av-' -t - n , . K " T - bjit r IhV-- t. , r.. -...i - .-. ---ra.srifcranyni- mi H i-T i i i "flh t riff lContinued From Page 5)We're speaking of and took it, dispossessing priests and populace -withoutjso much as a day's notice. The officerin command happened to see this eyein the Buddha's forehead, pried it outj&nd put it in his pocket In less thanan hour the natives surrounded the(temple and attacked in force. TheBritish F.cod them off for three daysand then -were relieved; but in theineantime the officer had been killedland the Pool of Flame had vanished.. . For several years it stayed-fauiet, so far as is known. Then thejcurse of the thing began to work, andit came to the surface in a drunkenrawl in the slums of Port Said. Thepolice, breaking into some dive tofetop a row, Xound nobody in the placeput a dead Greek; they say 'twas aehambles. One of the police found thebig ruby, in the dead man's fist andIbefore his companions guessed whatwas up slipped away with the stone.5 . . He was murdered some monthsJater in a Genoese bagnio, by a Frenchgirl, who got away with it somehow,s. . . The O'Mahoney came acrossthe thing in Algeria, when he wasserving with the Foreign Legion. Hewas in Sidi Bel Abbas one night, offHuty, and wandering about, when he(heard a man cry out for help in onejof the narrowr black alleys of thejplace. He thought he recognized acomrade's voice, and surely enough,fwhen he ran down to aid him, hefound a Dutchman, a man of his owniregircent, fighting with half a dozen-tiatives. He was about done for, theEDutchman, when the O'Mahoney camejup, and so were three of the Arabs.JThe O'Mahoney took care of the restVf them, and left seven dead men befhind him when he went away thejsix natives and the Dutchman, whobad died in his arms and given himjthe Pool of Flame with his last whisper. . . .. "That's how it came to me," saidjO'Rourke."And where is it now?''"Back in Algeria, if I'm not mistaken. . . . Ye remember Chambret-he was with us in the desert andwanted ye to marry him afterwards?He has it the dear man; I love himQike a brother. . . . He sickened of(Europe when he found his case withigiers, joining the Foreign Legion.""But how?"J "Well, we were fond of each other,Chambret and I. I helped him out:0f some tight corners and he helpedme along when me money ran shortj as it always did, and will, I'm.thinking. After a while I got to wonJdering how much I owed the manjand figured it up; the sum total'frightened the life out of me, and Ijmade him take the ruby by way of security and never was able to redeemSt, for 'twas only a little after thatthat I came into me enormous patrijmonyand squandered it riotously getjfelng married to the. most beautifuljwoman living.' "He warned me to hold the stone,jthe O'Mahoney did, saying that theftime would come when some nativeprince would offer to redeem the Lucklof the State as an act of piety and patriotism. He pronhesied a reward ofiat least fifty thousand pounds. Andmow it's come twice over!""And now what can you do?""Do?" cried O'Rourke. "Faith,what would I be doing? D'ye realizewhat this means to me, dear heart?It means you independence, a littlefortune, the right to claim my wife!"He drew her to him. "Do? Sure, andjby the first train and boat I'll go toAlgeria, find Chambret, get him togive me the stone, take it to Rangoon,claim the reward, repay Chambretand"i "And what, my paladin?"' "Dare ye ask me that, madame?. . Say, will ye wait for me?"S She laughed softly. "Have I notbiralted, Ulysses?"L"Tell me," he demanded, "have yeIked with anyone about this letter?". "Only to Clara Plinlimmon!"I "Good Lord!" groaned the Irishman.f'Only to her! Could ye not haveprinted broadsides, the better to makethe matter public?"; "Did I do wrong?""'Twas Indiscreet and that's putrting it mildly, me dear. D'ye knowthe woman's a walking newspaper?How much did ye tell her? Did yephow her the letter?""No." She answered his last question first. "And I told her very littleI only about this reward for a rubyPC didn't know you owned. We werewondering where to find you.""And she told no one or who dotyou think?"The woman looked a little frightened. "She told she must have toldthat man Monsieur des Trebes.""That blackguard!"'He was with us on the yacht, oner)f Clara's guests."'She has a pretty taste for com-fpany my word! How d'ye know shetold him? He asked you about it?""The letter? Yes. He wanted to3mow the name of the solicitors andtheir address. I wouldn't tell him. Ir-disliked him.""Had ye told Lady Plinlimmon?""No . . .""Praises be for that!""Tiy?" -"Because . . O'Rourke paaused,vague suspicions taking shape in hismind. "Why did he ask about Chambret?" he demanded. "How could hehave learned that the jewel was withhim?" .He jumped up and began to1 pacethe floor.His wife rose, grave with conster-nation. "What," she faltered "whatmake 'you think, suspect ?""Because the fellow lied to me aboutyou -this -very night Ye were withLady Plinlimmon in the Casino, wereye not? Faith, and didn't I see ye? Jwas in chase of ye when the manstopped me with his rigmarole aboutrepresenting the French governmentand having a secret commission forme. Ye heard him just now. . . .And when I asked him was he o'f yourparty, he denied knowing Lady Plinlimmon. . . . He made a later appointment with me here, to talkthings over. I'm thinking he onlywanted time to think up a scheme forgetting me out of the way. Also, hewanted to find out where Chambretwas. D'ye not see through his littlegame? To get me away from MonteCarlo by the first morning train, that'we might not meet; to get me on thefirst Atlantic liner, that I might notinterfere with his plot against Chambret. For what other reason would hegive me sealed orders? Sealed orders!" O'Rourke laughed curtly, tak-She Flung Herself Upon Him, Sob-bing.ing the long envelope from his pocketand tearing it open. "Behold hissealed orders, if ye please!"He shuffled rapidly through his fingers six sheets of folded letter paper,guiltless of a single pen-scratch,crumpled them into a wad and threwit from him."What more do I need to prove thathe's conspiring to steal the Pool ofFlame and claim for himself the reward? ... A bankrupt, discredited, with nothing but his 1 title andhis fame as a duelist to give himstanding; is it wonderful that he'sgrasping at any chance to recoup hisfortunes?" He took a swift stride toward the door, halted, turned. "Andyoung Glynn?" he demanded. "Washe with you, and was he thick withthis precious rogue of a vicomte?""They were much together.""Faith, then Jt's clear as windowglass that the two of them, bothbroke, have figured out this thing between them. . . . Well and good!I want no more- than a hint of warning. . . ."He was interrupted by a knocking.With a start and a muttered exclamation he remembered Van Einem, andstepped to the door and out into a corridor, shutting the woman in.She remained where he had lefther, her pretty brows knitted withthought, for a time abstractedly conscious of a murmur of voices in thehallway. These presently ceased asthe speakers moved away. She turnedto one of the windows, leaning againstits frame and staring at the ominousflicker and flare of sheet-lightningwhich lent the night a ghastly luminosity. A cool breeze sprang up, bellyingthe curtains. The woman expanded toit, reviving in its fresh breath fromthe enervating influence of the evening's still heat. Her intuitive faculties began to work more vivaciously;she began to divine that which hadbeen mysterious to her ere now.The lightning grew more Intenseand incessant, the thunder beating thelong roll of the charge. A heavygust of air chill as death made hershiver. She shrank away from thewindows, a little awed, wishing forO'Rourke's return, wondering whathad made him leave her so abruptly.Then suddenly , she knew. . . .She could have screamed with horror. Almost simultaneously the doorslammed; her husband had returned.With a little cry she flung herselfupon him, clinging to him, panting,sobbing."Tell me," she demanded, "what youintend to do? Do you mean to fighthim Des Trebes?""In the morning," he answeredlightly, holding her tight and comforting her. "'Tis unavoidable; I provoked his challenge. He was obligedto fight. But Jlon't let that worryye-""Oh, my dear, my dear!" Shesobbed convulsively upon his breast."'Twill be nothing hardly that; anannoyance no more. Believe me,dear.""What can you mean ?""That the man will never consentto weapons worthy the- name. Hevalues his precious hide too highly,and he's not going to put himself inthe way of being injured when he hasthe Pool of Flame to steal. Be easyon that score, darling and have faithin me a little. I'll not let him harmme by so much as a scratch.""Ah, but how can I tell? . . .Dearest, my dearest, why not give itup not the duel alone, but all this lifeof roaming and adventure that keepsus apart? Am I not worth a littlesacrifice? Is my loye not recompense enough for the Joss of your absolute independence? Listen, dear, Ihave thought of something: I .winI "THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 9,ma&e you Independent, I will settleupon you all that, I possess. I ""Faith, and I know ye don't for aninstant think I'd dream of acceptingthat!""But give it up. What is the world'sesteem when you have me to love andhonor you? . . . Come to me, Terence. I need you I need you desperately. I need the protection of yourarm as well as your name. I need myhusband!""I will," he said gently; "sweetheart,I promise ye I will in ninety days.Give me that respite, give me thattime in which to make or break myfortunes. Give me a chance to takethe Pool of. Flame to Rangoon nay,meet me there in ninety days. I willcome to you as one who has. the rightto claim his wife; but if I have lost,still will I come to you, a broken manbut your faithful lover come to youto be healed and comforted. . . .Dear heart of me, give me this lastchance!"'With an eldritch shriek and amighty rushing wind the storm brokeover the mainland and a roaring raincame down.Impulsively the Irishman turned offthe lights, and, lifting his wife in hisarms bore her to an armchair by thewindow.The storm waned in fury, passed,died in dull distant mutterings. Stillshe rested in his embrace, her flushedface, wet with tears, pillow'ed to hischeek, her mouth seeking his.Vague murmurings sounded in thestillness, sighs. . . .CHAPTER V.At five in the morning a heavy motor car of the most advanced typestole in sinister silence out of thecourtyard of the Hotel d'Orient, at thesame sedate pace ,and with the samesurreptitious air skulked through thetown, and finally swung eastwardsupon the Route de la Corniche, suddenly discarding all pretense of docility and swooping onward with a windyroar, its powerful motor purring likesome gigantic tiger-cat.It carried four; at the wheel a goggled and ennuied operator in shapeless and hideous garments; in thetonneau its owner, a middle-agedFrench manufacturer with pouchedeyes, a liver, lank jaws clean-scraped,and an expression of high-minded devotion to duty; Captain von Einem inuniform; and Colonel O'Rourke.At the end of an hour's run, disturbed by one or two absurdly graveconferences between the seconds, inappropriate monotones, the mechanician put on the brakes and sloweddown the car, then deftly swung itinto a narrow lane; a leafy tunnelthrough which it crawled for a minute or two ere debouching into abroad and sunlit meadow, walled in bywoodland, conspicuously secluded.To one side and at a little distancea second motor-car stood at rest; its'operator had removed the hood andwas tinkering with the motor in amost matter-of-fact manner. In thebody of the machine Monsieur le Vicomte des Trebes, ostentatiously unaware of the advent of the secondparty, sat twisting rapier-points to hismoustaches and concentrating hisgaze on infinity. O'Rourke observed'with malicious delight the nose of theduelist, much inflamed.Advancing from his antagonist's position three preternaturally seriousgentlemen of France in black frockcoats and straight-brimmed silk hatswaded ankle deep in dripping grass tomeet O'Rourke's representatives.The two parties met, saluted one another with immense reserve, and retired to a suitable distance to confer; something which they did wordily, with enthusiasm and many picturesque gestures. At first strangelyamicable, the proceedings soon strucka snag. A serious difference of opinion arose. O'Rourke divined that theconference had gone into executivesession upon the question of weapons.He treated himself to a secret grin,having anticipated this trouble.The choice of weapons being his,as the-challenged, he had modestly selected revolvers and had brought withhim a brace of Webleys, burly piecesof pocket ordnance with short barrelsand cylinders chambered to hold halfa dozen .45 cartridges. They were notpretty, for they had seen service intheir owner's hands for a number ofyears, but they were undeniably builtfor business. And at sight of themthe friends of the vicomte recoiled inhorror.Eventually a compromise was arrived at. Monsieur Juilliard steppedback, saluted, and with Von Einem returned to his principal, his face amask of disappointment. As for himself, he told O'Rourke, he was desolated, but the seconds of Monsieur desTrebes had positively refused to consent to turning a meeting of honorinto a massacre. 'They proposed tosubstitute regulation French duelingpistols as sanctioned by the Code.Such as that 'which Monsieur le Colonel O'Rourke might observe in Monsieur Juilliard's hand.O'Rourke blinked and sniffed at it."Sure," he contended, " 'tis a magnifying glass I need to make it visible tome undressed eye. What the divvledoes it carry a dried pea? Whatd'they think we're here for, if not toslay one another with due ceremony?Ask them that. Am I to salve thevicomte's wounded honor by smitinghim with a spitball? I grant ye, 'tismagnificent, but 'tis not a pistol."Grumbling, he allowed himself tobe persuaded. As he had foreseen andprophesied, so- had it come to pass.Yet he had to grumble, partly becausehe was the O'Rourke, partly ior effect, None the less, he consented, and, inthe bjghest spiritf left the car andplowed through the lush wet grassto the spot selected for the encounter,in the shadow of the trees near theneastern border of the meadow. Here,the seconds having tossed for sides,he took a stand at one end of a sixtyfoot stretch and, still indecorouslyamused, received a loaded pistol fromVon Einem.Des Trebes confronted him, whitewith rage, regretting already(O'Rourke made no doubt) that he hadnot accepted thie Webleys. The Irishman's open contempt maddened theman.The seconds retired to a perfectlysafe distance, Von Einem holding thewatch, one of Des Trebes' seconds ahandkerchief. The chauffeurs threwaway their cigarettes and sat up, forthe first time roused out of their professional air of blase indifference."One," cried the German clearly.Des Trebes raised his arm and leveled his pistol at O'Rourke's head. Afaint flush colored his face, but hiseye was cold and hard behind thesight and the ,hand that held theweapon was as steady as if supportedby an Invisible rest."Two," said Von Einem.O'Rourke measured the distancewith his eye and raised his arm fromthe elbow only, holding the pistol witha loose grip."Three," said Von Einem.The handkerchief fell.The Irishman fired without moving.Des Trebes' weapon was dischargedalmost simultaneously, but with a ruined aim; its bullet went nowhere inparticular. The Frenchman droppedthe weapon and, wincing, examined solicitously a knuckle from whichO'Rourke's shot had struck a tiny particle of skin. His seconds rushed tohim with cries, preceded by the surgeon with bandages. O'Rourke. gracefully surrendered his artillery to Juillard, laughed at the vicomte again,and strolled back to the motor-car.Juillard and Von Einem presentlyjoined him, the former insistently anxious to have O'Rourke descend andclasp the hand of fraternal friendshipwith the vicomte. But the Irishmanrefused."Faith, no!" he laughed. "Niver!I'm too timorous a man to dare it.Sure and hasn't he hugged both hisseconds and the surgeon, too, already?For me own part I've no mind to bekissed. Let's hurry away before hecelebrates further by imprinting achaste salute upon the cheek of ourchauffeur. . . . Besides, I've a trainto nntYH "CHAPTER VI.Events marched to schedule; whatO'Rourke planned came serenely topass. He experienced a day as replete with emotions as 'the night thatpreceded it and more marked by activity. Nothing hindering, he left thebattle-scarred Vicomte des Trebesupon the field of honor at half-pastsix; at seven forty-five he settled himself in a coach of the Cote d'AzurRapide, en route for Marseilles ahappy man, for he was alone. . . .At a quarter to one in the afternoonof the same day he boarded the littlesteamer Tabarka of the Mediterranean ferry service; and half an hourlater stood by the after-rail of itspromenade deck, watching the distances widen between him and all thathe held beloved."In ninety days, dear boy," she had 1said. . . . "Ah, Terence, Terence,if you should fail me . . . !""I shall not fail. . . . Rangoonin ninety days. Dear heart, I will bethere. . .As if to feed the hunger of hisheart he strained his vision to seethe last of the land that held her.At length it disappeared, and then forthe first time he consciously moveddrew a hand across his eyes, sighedand turned away.Picking his way through the cosmopolitan throng of passengers, hewent below, found his stateroom, andsubsided into the berth for a sorelyneeded nap; instead of indulging inwhich, however,' he lay staring wideeyed at his problem. He had much toaccomplish, much to guard against.Des Trebes bulked large in the background of perils he must anticipate;O'Rourke was by no means disposedto flatter himself that he had scotchedthe schemes of the vicomte.He made his second public appearance on the Tabarka at the hour ofsunset; and in the act of making it,turned a corner and ran plump intothe arms of a young person in tweedsand a steamer cap a stoutish youngEnglishman with a vivid complexionand a bulldog pipe, nervousness tempering his native home-brewed insolence, the blank vacuity of his eyeshopelessly betraying the caliber of hisintellect.A sudden gust of anger sweptO'Rourke off his figurative feet. Hestopped short, blocking the gangwaySo This Was What Had Betn Set to. . fc Spy Upon Him.J1912and- the young man's progress. -So thiswas what had been set to spy uponhim!"Good evening to ye," he said coldly, fixing the Honorable Mr. Glynnwith an interrogative eye that servedto deepen his embarrassment and consternation. "I trust I didn't hurt ye,Mr. Glynn.""Oh, no not at all," stammered theEnglishman. "Not in the least. No."He 'looked, right and left ofO'Rourke' for a way round him, foundhimself with no choice but to retreat,and lost his presence of mind completely. "I I say," he continued desperately, "I say, have you a match?""Possibly," . conceded O'Rourke."But I've yet to meet him. Of thisye may feel sure, however: it I have,'tis neither yourself nor Des Trebes.Jow run along and figure it out foryourself what I'm meaning. Goodnight." He brushed past the man, leavinghim astare in sudden pallor, and wenthis way, more than a little disgustedwith himself for his lack of discretion. As matters turned out, however,he had little to reproach himself with;for his outbreak aerved to keep youngGlynn at a respectful distancethroughout the remainder of the voyage. They met but once more, andon that occasion the Englishman behaved himself admirably according tothe tenets of his caste met O'Rourke'schallenging gaze without a flicker ofrecognition, looked him up and downcalmly with the deadly ennuied airpeculiar to the underdone Britishyouth of family and social position,and wandered calmly away.O'Rourke watched him out of sight,a smile of appreciation curving hislips and tempering the perturbed anddangerous light in his eyes. "There'sstuff in the lad, after all," he conceded without a grudge, "if he cancarry a situation off like that. I'mdoubting not at all that somethingmight be whipped out of him, if heweren't what he's made himself aslave to whisky." .For all of which appreciation, how-ever, he soon wearied of Mr. Glynn.During the first day ashore it was notso bad; there was something amusingin being so openly dogged by a well-set-upyoung Englishman -who hadquite ceased to disguise his interest.But after that his shadowy surveillanceproved somewhat distracting to a manbusy with important affairs. And toward evening of the second dayO'Rourke lost patience.All day long in the sun, withoutrespite he had knocked about from pillar to post of Algiers, seeking news ofChambret; and not until the eleventhhour had he secured the informationhe needed. Then, hurrying back tohis hotel, he made arrangements -tohave his luggage cared for during anabsence of indeterminate duration,hastily crammed a few indispensablesinto a kit box, and having dispatchedthat to the railway terminal, soughtthe restaurant for an early meal.In the act of consuming his soup hebecame aware that the HonorableBertie, in a dinner coat and a state offidgets, had wandered down the outercorridor, passed at the restaurant doorand espied his quarry. The fact thatO'Rourke was dining with one eyeon the clock and in a dust-proof, dustcolored suit of drill, was enough todisturb seriously the poise of the Englishman. Exasperation stirred in O'Rourke.He eyed the young man rather morosely throughout the balance of his meal,a purpose forming in his mind andattaining the stature of a definite planof action without opposition from thedictates of prudence. And at lengthswallowing his coffee and feeing hisservitor, he rose, crossed the roomwith a firm tread, and came to a fullstop at the Honorable Mr. Glynn's table. Momentarily he held his tongue,staring down at the young man whiledrumming on the marble with the fingers of one hand. Then Glynn, glancing up in a state of somewhat panicstricken inquiry which strove vainlyto seem Insouciant, met the levelstare of the adventurer and noticedthe tense lines of his lips."I I say," he floundered, "what'sthe matter with you, anyway? Can'tyou leave me a lone?""I've been thinking," said O'Rourkecrisply, disregarding the other's remark entirely, "that it might be of interest to ye to save ye a bit of botheration to know that I'm going up toBiskra by tonight's train. It leaves inten minutes, so I'll have to forego thepleasure of your society on the trip."Glynn got a grip on himself andpulled together the elements of hismanhood. He managed to .infuse blankinsolence into his stare, and said"Ow?" with that singularly maddeninginflection of which the Englishmanalone is master; as who should say:"Why the dooce d'you annoy me withyour bally plans?""Don't believe I know you, do I?"he drawled."I don't believe ye do, me lad.""Can't say I wish to very badly,either.""I believe that," O'Rourke chuckledgrimly. - "The meaning in his tone sent theblood Into the young man's face, afiery flood of resentment."Oh, I'm not afraid of you, y'know,"he said, bristling. "Of course you'renot going to Biskra, or you wouldn'ttell me so. But if you do, I shall makeit my business to find out and followby the next train bringing DesTrebes with me."- -"Oh, will ye so? Ye mean to warnme he's in Algeria, too?""His boat's due now; I'm expectinghim at any moment, if you wish toknow." O'Rourke's smiling contemptwas anserine the vounr man, and ran.deringhlm recileW:- otf 11 -be gladto know yoil've mid dm as of.yourself ir you reauy ar goinsBiskra.""Praise from Sir Hubert" 'J""Oh, don't you think I mind givingyou. a twelve-hour start; you wout,gain anything by it. -Y'aee I know .where you're going, and I know it'sv..not there. If you'll, take spool's advice, you'll turn back now. You'llcome back empty-handed anyway. Ldon't mind telling you that we mean .to have that ruby, Des Trebes and I,and we know where it Is. You're onlytaking needless trouble by interfef-.,,Irig."-Truth was speaking from the bottomof the absinthe tumbler. 0Rourke:3brows went up and he whistled noiselessly, for he realized that at leastGlynn believed what he was admitting. "So that's the way of it, eh?i T admire vour candor, me boy: but bei careful and not go too far with it.'Twill likely prove disastrous to ye,I'm fearing. . . . But tlt-for-tat;ye've made me a handsome presentaccording to your lights, of what yemost? aptly term a fool's advice, and'tis meself who'll not be outdone atthat game. For yourself, then, takewarning from the experience of onewho's seen a bit more of this side ofthe earth than most men have, anddon't let Des Trebes know ye'vetalked so freely. He's a bad-temperedsort and . . . But I'm obliged toye and I bid ye a good evening."CHAPTER VII.South of Biskra there is alwaystrouble to be had for the seeking;south of Briska there is never peace.A guerilla warfare is waged perennially between the lords of the desert,the Touaregg on the one hand, andthe advance agents of civilization, aspersonified by the reckless FrenchCondemned Corps and the Foreign Legion on the other. Year after yearmilitary expeditions set out from theoasis of Biskra to penetrate the wilderness, either by caravan route to.Timbuctoo or along the proposedroute of the Trans-5aharan Railwayto Lake Tchad; and their lines ofmarch are traced in red upon theland.Toward this debatable land O'Rourkeset his face with a will, gladly; forhe loved it. He had fought over Itof old; in his memory its sands weresanctified with the blood of comrades,men by whose side he had been proudto fight, men of his own stamp whosefriendship he had been proud to own.Mentally serene, if physically the reverse of comfortable, O'Rourke dozedthrough the interminable twelvehours of the journey to El-Guerrah;arriving at which place after eight thefollowing morning, he transferred himself and his hand-bags (for now hewas traveling light) to the connectingtrain on the Biskra branch. The latter, scheduled to reach the oasis atfour-thirty in the afternoon, loafed casually up the line, arriving at the terminus after dark.The Irishman, thoroughly faggedbut complacent in the knowledge thathe had left both vicomte and honorable a day behind him, kept himselffrom bed by main will-power for halfthe night, while he made the roundsof cafes and dance halls, in search ofa trustworthy and competent guideno easy thing to find.The French force by then was threedays out from the oasis, and no doubtsince it was technically a "flying column," calculated to move briskly frompoint to point in imitation of Touaregg tactics, hourly putting a greaterdistance between itself and its starting point. Moreover, the pursuit contemplated by the adventurer was oneattended by no inconsiderable perils.By dint of indomitable persistence,unflagging good-nature and such influence as he could bring personallyto bear upon the authorities, O'Rourkegot what he desired a competentguide and two racing camels, or mehera, with a pack animal that wouldserve their purpose.By dawn they were ready to start;and so, In the level rays of a sun thatseemed a dazzling sphere of intolerable light, poising itself in the easternrim of the world as if undecidedwhether or no to take up its flightacross the firmament, the little caravan rocked out into the fastness ofthe desert, the Irishman in the vansitting a blooded mehari as one to thewilderness born.On the seventh night they bivouacked hard on the heels of the flying column, having for seven days pursuedIt this way and that, zigzagging intothe heart of the parched land.. Now, when they were come withinsix hours of their goal, reluctantly,long after nightfall, O'Rourke gaveconsent to halt, conceding the necessity; for weariness weighed upontheir shoulders a great burden, andthe camels had become unusually sullen and evil tempered; if rest weredenied them presently they wouldbecome obstinate and refuse to followthe road.O'Rourke closed his eyes and lostconsciousness with a sensation of falling headlong into a great pit of oblivion, bottomless, eternal. Yet Itseemed no more than a moment erehe. was sitting up and rubbing sightinto his eyes, shaken out of slumberby his guide.He stumbled to his feet and lurchedtoward the camels, still but halfawake. When his senses cleared irritation possessed him. His guide hadbeen overzealous. He turned upon theman and seized him roughly by thearm."What the diyvle!" he grumbled angrily, between a yawn and a chatterof teeth for the air was bitter cold."The moon's not vat imi"CmtiBed is orlSxtlTHE BOUftBON NEWS. PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 9 1912."HE BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGClearance Sale.frank & Co.'s big sale begins Saturilv. Big bargains in silks, dress goods,trite goods, laces and hamburgs.January Bargains.Ve are offering great bargains cnj. furniture during the month of Jan-C3Call in and look them over.J. T. HXNTON.Box Supper.ihe Knights and Ladies of the Macees will give a box supper at K. ofHall Monday night, January 22, at- .t o'clock.No Damage." response to an alarm from box 31riay afternoon the fire depart- made a quick run to the dwelling; jr. R. P. Dow on Lilh ston avenue.; uamage resulted from the small7ire,wind and lightning insurzce. Thomas & Woodford.Small Fire.. .:e Tire department was called outijrday afternoon in response to ansr.i from tox 21 at the corner of.ker avenue and Seventh street,.-.ere a small blaze in a dwelling he.inB to Mr. Ed Gorsy did but littleTHE BEST INSURANCE.The best fire, wind and tornado insurance.McCfure & Qendenin.Big Lot o tturleySoId.. -e Burley Tobacco Soeisty Thursn Lexington sold 800,000 pounds; ts 1909 pooled crop to buyers, saidi) .9 connected with the companiesfcr .ierly accredited with bting mpm?rs of the tobacco t-ust. The pricev. as not stated but it is known to bt- t under recent prices cf 16 1-2 centsa , cund. gggNo Shoddy GoodsWill be offeied at Frank & Co.'s bigsL.e. But high class merchandise atvery low prices will be found inabundnce.Increase in Local Postal ReceiptsThe report of the local postoflice atthe close of the year 1911 shows an increase in the business of $203.36 ovtrthe previous year. The receipts for1910 were $15,836.27, while that of1911 were $16,039.62. The statementis for stamp sales and other receiptsLut does not involve any transactionsn the money order, registry or postalsavings divisionsMichiganKale.Fresh shipmentKale just received.5 2tof fine MichiganSAUER.C. W. B. M. Meets.The regular monthly meeting of theL. W. B. M. was held Friday afternoon.n the parlor of the Christian church,the president, Mrs. W. E. Simms presiding. After the devotional exercisesand a business session Mrs. J. W. Hayde.i offered resolutions on the death ofMrs. Mary E. Abbott, who died sincethe last meeting of the society. MissVan Arsdale had charge of the literarysection of the program, and gave ata.K about Porto Rico.and the missionary work which is being done in thatiti and.Ladies SuitsThat sold formerly up to $40ch,;ce $10 at Frank & Co.'sOthers a low as $5 each.each,sale.Two Noted Stallions Die.ir. John A. Lyle. of tins county,:- by death Friday his noted stallion.limberturr.W. A. Bacon, proprietor of IMaplehuist Stock farm, near this city,sjfiered the loss of his valuable trotting stallion Norab, which sired manyauuhle colts iid had a tiial record of-:1s. In the past few yesis Mr. Bacontias lost several valuable horses bycath, among the numbsr being ther.fed stallion Jay Bird.Ready to Wear GarmentsOf evtry description must ne turned'fit) cash. Cost cuts no- figure atFra-nk & Co.'s big sale.Dress Suit Lost.fhe party whosuit is requestedonce.borrowed my dressto return same atJOE MITCHELL.Sales at Maplehurst!. W. A."ig salesrecently:Bacon has made the followat Maplehurst Stock FarmTo Jesse McCain, of Springfield,Mo., Rene Locando, three year old byLocanda, dam Irene Wiggins, by WigKins, second dam Pella, dam of fourbetter than 2:15.To E. C. Petty, of Searcy, Ark,.pe Locanda, a promising two year old jpay hlly by Locanda 2:02. damu?;. - " . " r- . . i iPuella.To Isaac Ayers, Cisne, 111., Junior"nytnmic. bay yearling colt by Khytn-:roc, dam Elizabeth Eads 2:19.Black Cloaks.ivar.mont, the animal being at the .ad- Vi? n di T .,lantf 2? He had a ! :P; ; containrecord ot 2 :uy. and was the sire or a u'""""" w""" n.r , 'toMf 0f,mn ua ' cora. Misses nonaaay, mr. job ivj.itt'o0 grades $3.75.?10 gades $4 98.515 giades S7.75.grades $9 75.i.rt.di $12 75. , ugrades $15 , - - -35 grades $17.75.at Frank & So.'s big eale forcash.PERSONAL MENTION.Mr,. James E. Craven has recovered from a two weeks' illness." P4w. F. P; Wabb has returnedfrom a visit to relative at Nepton.Mr. W. O. Chambers continues toimprove irom an attack of pneumonia.Mr. Geo. W. Bowen is quite ill atthe home of his daughter, Mrs. CallaKeller.Mrs. Amos McKenzie,' of LittleRock, who has been quite ill, is improving. Mrs. J. S. Wilson has returnedfrom a visit to Mrs. Bettje Howell inCarlisle.Mr. and Mrs. Cha?. E. Butler, Jr.-,of Carlisle, visited relatives in thiscity Sunday.Hiss Fan Johnson has returnedfrom a visit to Miss Mary Dan Harbeson in Flemingsburg.Mrs. J. D. Bruer and daughter,Miss Louise Bruer, went to FrankfortSaturday for a week's visit.Mr. and Mrs. George Battertonhave returned from a visit to Mr. andMrs. Duke Smith in Cynthiana.Mr. I. D. Thompson, who underwent an operation at St. Joseph Hospital, Lexington, is recovering rapidly.Mr. and Mrs. Woodtord Daniel le-:turned Sunday from their wedding tripand are at their home on the Maysvillepike. " IMisses Mary Mitchell Clay and jFrances Clay have returned to WardSiminary in Nashville where they areattending school. ' !Dr. and Mrs, James T. Ware andson, William, have returned to Pittsburg after a visit to Mrs. Alice W areand other relatives.Col. Morris Renick, of Middletown, Ohio, has returned home after avisit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W.H. Renick, in this city.Mrs. John Bronson will return thisweek to her home in Jacksonville,Fla., accorrpiniod by Mrs. Sidney G.Clay, who will be her guest for severalweeks.Mrs. Georgia Wright and daugher Miss Annie Wright, are truests ofMrs. Jas. L. Giy at Pisgah, Woodtordcounty, who is improving from a recent illness.The meetings of the Woman'sSociety at the Christian church to beheld at the home of Mrs. Robt. Goggin on January 9 has been postponeduntil January 11, on account of thetuneral of Mr. T. A. Nichols.! Miss Mary ''BMthian Hutchcraft,chairman of Food and Sanitation, andMrs. Walter Payne, chairman ofWaterways of the Kentucky Federationof Women's Clubs attended the Boardmeeting which was held in FrankfortThursday.Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at the Baptist church at the usualhour. There will be services at theBaptist church Sunday morning andevening by the pastor, Rev. , E. M.Lightfoot, the subject 'tof which willbe announced later.The following invitations havebeen received by friends in this city:The Motcr Car Manufacturing Co.of Indianapolisrequests the honor of ths-presenceof yourself and friends" at the exhibition of their beautixulPathfinder Carsheld, at the Grand Central PalaceNew York CityJanuarj the tenth to seventeenth.Mr. Wayne K. Bromley is secretaryand treasurer of this big concern. Itwill be remembered that he marriedMrs. Mary Hedges Clay, formerly ofParis.Amcng these who attended the"Pink Lady" performances in Lexington were: Mrs. Cassius M. Clay, Mr.Cassius Guy, Jr., Mr. John C. Clay,Mr and,Mrs. B.A. Frank, Miss HelenFrank, Misses Ollie and Lorine Butler.Mr. anri Mrs. Harry James, Mr. andMrs. Clell Turney, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.Ferguson. Mr. William Kenney Ferguson, Mr. Charlton Clay, Mrs. SusanPigg, Mrs. W. L. Yerkes, Mrs. HenryMay, Mr. Swift Champ Miss FrancesChamp, Miss Kate Alexander, Mr. andMrs. Withers Davis, Mrs. J. W.Davis, Miss Anna May Davis, MissKatherine Davis, Mr. C. A. McMillan,-"ell. Mis. Henrv Butler. Mr. and Mrs.Chailton Alexander, Miss ElizabethEmbr. Miss Mary Woodford, Mr.James Dodge. Mr. Fred Batterton, Mr.William Taylor, Mr. Houston Rion, IMiss Ethel Lair, Misses Comack, Mr.Catesby Spears, Miss Spears, Mr. Wal-'lace Clark, Mr. and Mrs. John Davis,Mr. Hairy Horton, Dr. C. G. Daugh-'erty. Mrs. John Yprkes, Miss FannieJohnson, Mr. and Mrs. Amos lurney,(Jr., Mrs. Duncan Bell, Miss Myra ;Booth, Miss Ethel Jonnsog, Mr. MackGrimes, Mr. Alex Miller, Mr. Chas. ii Dickerson, Mr. Edward Myall, Mrs. J. .IT. Vansant, Miss Hazel Cottingham, '; Miss Willie T. Summers, Miss Eliza-!beth Steele and Miss Josie Gardner, jFursWill be closed outsat less than manufacture wholesale prices at. FrankCo.'s big sale. Come in and see.WillLeave For Seattle ThisWeek.Mr. N. Ford Brent, of the Jfirm ofI Chas. S. Brent & Bro.. of this .city,j will leave Thursday '.morning in com1 pany with Attorney Reuben Hutch-craft, of Paris, for Seattle. Wash , tobe present at the trial ot tne suic oirtiac s Rrent & Bro.. against Chas.w i.r v 'ot iear.tie. in uie reuctaiCourt at that place. The suit is theresult of the sale of a large quantity.-5: fhO B,,m nf 353.000 is'! involved in the litigation. Mr. Hutch-I nmf t who will accompany Mr. Brent,j has been retained as legal counsel forth local firm.Caracul' Coats. JLadies sizes, sold formerly at $12.50.;at Frank & Cos big sale;il be soldijitS6.7o;each. better grades in pr'opor-jtion. 'Store at Glen Kenney Robbed.The store of James Mallory at GlenKenney, about four miles from Palis-was burglarized at a late hour Thursday night, and a large quantity ofgoods was carried away. The thievesforced an entrance to the building byprying open one of the windows.Deputy Sheriff W. F. Talbott was called to the scene early Friday morningand one of the bloodhounds from Capt.V. K. Mullikin's kennel in Lexington,was sent but failed to locate a trail.Mr. Mallory is unable to estimate thegoods taken.Linen Special.All linen 36 inches wide 25 cents ayard. Only one thousand yards go inat this price at Frank & Co.'s big sale.Specials on Grape Fruit.We are offeringgrape fruit at cost.our big stock ofThe best lot everbrought to Paris.JAS. E. CRAVEN.Skaters Enjoy Sport.Sunday afternoon ice on Houstoncreek afforded the skaters much pleasure and a large number were out enjay ing the sport.CloaksAll fancy cloaks that sold up to $30,choice $10 each. Others as low as S5at Frank & Co.'s big sale.Bowmar's Mardi Gras Tour.Write to Bowmar's Tours, Versailles, Ky,, for folders giving detailsof an ideal personally conducted MardiGras Tour, leaving WednsdayFeb. 14,1912, visiting New Orleans Mobile,Montgomery, Ala., etc. Low inclusivecost: limited party: every thing firstclass. 5 4t"AGiri of The Mountains'Guaranteed Show.Manager R. S. Porter of the PariuGrand yesterday recieved the follow-,ing letter from the manager of "AGirl of the Mountains," which appearsat the Grand tonight:Athens, Ohio, January 6, 1912.Manager Paris Grand:My Dear Sir Regarding engagementof "A Girl of the Mountains" January 9, wish to state that you can guarantee this attraction to give absolutesatisfaction and any person not entirely satisfied at the end of second act, Ipersonally, out of my share, will retund the price of admission.I cannot go stronger than this inbacking this attraction. My reasonfor writing you is the fact that a largenumher of popular priced attractionsare going through the country, carrying poor psople, no production and abad play, making it exceedingly harduprhill work fnr any attraction thatcan safely promise the best of satisfaction. Thanking you for any assistance towards getting a good big house, I. amwith best wishes.O. E. WEE..Traffic Delayed by Snow.The heavy snow of Saturday had theeffect uf delaying traffic on the L. &N. to a considerable degree and theseveral passenger trains Sunday weredouble headers in order to run onschedule time.Water Back in Range Explodes.The explosion of a water-back in arange at the residence of Mr. W. A.Wallen on Fif tenth street.did considerable damage in the kitchen, and Mrs.Wallen, who had a few seconds beforeleft the room, had a narrow escapefrom possible serious injury as a result. The explosion it is said was dueto a frozen water pine leading to therange, and from which the water-bac, was supplied. The rnge was de- i! molished and pieces of iron were blown !through a window and knocked off the Iplastering on the ceiling. A porcelain II soap dish near the sink was flattened jby one of the flying missile1', a piece j' striking the sink, tearing away a por-I tion. The explosion was heard by sev- jeral neignDors some distance away.LOST.Between the Paris Distilling Co.'sand Third street an envelopeing $7.00. Finder is requestedreturn monev to this office as the1 i. ! i. i i : :M,.C4au" 7 " Br"r."!, M .circumstances and would greatly appreciate this act of kindness, and willbe rewarded with a portion of themoney. jFOR SALE. !I have for sale a few choice 'RhodeIsland Red roosters. Price $2,50 each.Also, Mallard ducks at SI each.CHARLTON CLAY.5 4t . E. T. phone 57THESpecial Sale of Enamel SteelDish Pans14 qt, size, first quality goods,35c. ' t12 qt. Enamel Steel CookingKettles, 35c.75c Tea Kettles in Blue andWhite, only 49c.i jreaKiast r lares, a set oi six20c.Vluuei w out iU1 a,.A-j bee our new patterns m L,aces.; Some beautiiul patterns,- m alllineri your choice at 5c per yard.! -TOTI Fl 1JFAIR!FAIRRoomers Wanted.Furnished room for two gentlemenbath and steam heat. Apply at thisoffice. 3tFOR RENT.New cottage of five rooms on EastMain street.MRS. ELIZABETH C. ROGERS.WinsEveryFLEXIBLE FLYERSLEDSAre Built To Last. SledsSold by us Ten Years AgDare still giving good service.Get the genuine.$2.50, $3.00 and $3.75FIREFLY COASTERSMade in the same Factory oflighter materials.$2.00 and $2.50Dautjherfij Bros.WiP every '.iraae meteJ. T, HINT0"'fr .GREETING1 The year just closing has been exceptionally satisfacI tpry for us, and we thank those who have helped us.. We realize that our success comes from the staunch' support we have received from those who have favored us.I, with their patronage, and we therefore take this opportu-flfc' nity to extend our most cheerful greetings for the seasons 9mu During the coming year, more than ever bef ore;, weshall endeavor to satisfy those with whom it shall. -be our WFgood fortune to do business. - " 9 yOur heartiest good wishesW. EdiIFee's CashSTONE'SSilver SliceMephistoII1 0cFEE'SmmTHE HOME OUTFITTER.I Am Offering Some VerySPECIAL PRICEOn My EntireDAVENPORTLINEFor Cash BuyersI Carry the Very Best Makesfor a Happy New Yea:ffITuckervIIeach0.THE BOURBON NeWs, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. 5, 1912RICH EFFECT IN BAGSStubborn Case"I was under the treatment of two doctors," writesMrs. R. L Phillips, of Indian Valley, Va., "and they pronounced my case a very stubborn one, of womanly weakness. I was not able to sit up, when I commenced totake Cardui.I used it about one week, before I saw much change.Now, the severe pain, that had been in my side for years,has gone, and I don't suffer at all. I am feeling better thanin a long time, and cannot speak too. highly of Cardui."SUEDE LEATHER THE FOUNDATION FOR FINE COLORINGS.f TAKECarduiTheif you are one of those ailing women who suffer from anyof the troubles so common to women.Cardui is a builder of womanly strength. Composedof purely vegetable ingredients, it acts quickly on thewomanly -system, building up womanly strength, toning vupthe womanly nerves, and regulating the womanly system.Cardui has been in successful use for more than 50 years.Thousands of ladies have written to tell of the benefit theyreceived from it Try it for your troubles. Begin today.Write io: .Ladies' Advisory Dept.. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooea. Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-pace book, "Home Treatment for Women." sent free. J 52Cement For Sale.Ke have a few barrels of first classcement left that we will sell below themarket -price.PARIS LUMBER & M'F'G. CO.BLOODPOISONCured by the Marvel of theCentury, B. B. B Tested for!30 years.NOTICETOBUTCHERS AND FARMERS!Drives out blood poison in anystage permanently, without deadlymercury, with, pure Botanical ingredents. To prove it we will send you aSAMPLE TREATMENT FREE.If you have ulcers, eating sores,itching humors, swellings, mucuspatches, bone pains.offensive pimplesor eruptions, take B. B. B. (BotanicBlood Balm.) All syrnpthoms healquickly. Blood is masepure and richcompletely changing the entire bodyinto a clean, healthy condition, healing every sore and stopping all aches,painB and itching, curing the worstcase of blood poison. Druggists or byexpress, 1 per large bottle, with directions for home cure. Sampleseent free by writing Blood Balm Co.,Atlanta, Ga. Describe your troubleand free medical advice given.Sold by Varden & Son.Announcement,I have located in Paris for the purpose ofconducting a generalCo n Er a c ti nga ei d.Building Business.I have been a builder for the pasttwenty years, and can handle! yourbuildings, large or small. I will beglad to furnish you estimates on shortnotice. The best of references furnished. Call on me at FordhamHotel, or call up Home hone 37, EastTenn. phone 128-2.W. C. HESTERMarket Price I am Paying ForHides:Beef Hides, 10 1-4 to 11 1-2Cents per lb.MAX MUNICK,8th Street, PARIS, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374Bloodine Itching and BleedingOintment Piles, Psoriasis, SaltCures Rheum, Pimples, KasEczema hes, Dandruff and Falling Hair.Mrs. H. W. Allen, Gaffney, S. C. says: "I haveused Bloodine Ointment tor Eczema and find ita most effective remedy."W. T. Brooks, Agent.NEW - BARBER SHOP !Modern Equipment,4 Barbers, NHot and Cold Baths,Polite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDOriental Designs the Most PopularAll Sorts of Decorative Applications Permissible on TheseMost Useful' Accessories.One of the richest effects is a hagin tan suede leather -with an orientalscroll design into which is set a picture of a butterfly alight on a roseblossom. The coloring is a remarkable combination of old blues, greens,rose and violet shades, with a touchof white in outlining, and these showthrough the,, scroll work, revealing the"picture" just as one gazes at a landscape through feathery tree branchesin early spring time, or through lushgrasses when walking in the meadowafter a shower. This bag is lined witha changeable silk in bluish green, andthe silken cords to match the suede incolorings have the. same quaint loopsused on all these bags, from which tosuspend ornaments. In this case it isa mascot of green jade capped withbrass and splotches of blue and greeninlay a true oriental pendant.Another such bag was seen in knotdesign inset in a scroll, lined withchangeable silk, and with tiny Chinese lantern "Jangles." In fact, eachbag is not only a picture in itself,but one without a duplicate. All arefinished with the miniature ivory elephants, carved fans, balls, lanterns orcoins. The latter are especially desirable, as the Chinese sen, with thehole in the middle and surface covered with oriental hieroglyphs, admits of all sorts of decorative applications. The beauty of this work dependsentirely upon the individuality of thedesigner, and upon the pains takenin stenciling, insetting the embroideries, attaching the pendants and ornaments even in sewing in the linings.The accessories show from the studio of this particular designer are sothoroughly workmanlike, so perfect ineven the minutest details, that it isa joy to examine them. She arguesfrom the William Morris standpointthat "what is worth doing is not onlyworth doing well, but joyfully," hencethe artist must throw herself into herwork in whole-souled fashion. Anywoman who has ingenuity can execute for herself not only picture' bagsand accessories, but many beautifulcenterpieces, desk pad corners,screens, etc., utilizing odd bits of embroideries picked up ins foreign travels or on shopping jaunts at home andabroad, which will serve as pleasantreminders of some delightful dayagone.To My Friends and HomePeople:I have started a Magazine andNewspaper Agency. Lowestprices on all Magazines in circulation. I ask for your ordersand help in getting them fromyour friends.t Sincerely,Mrs. Rosa V. Wallingford.MADE OF PRINTED CRETONNERoller Covers for the Centerpiece Comein Individual Wrappers TapeBound All ground.Combination individual rolls andcovers for centerpieces are much better than having one stick for a numberof such articles, as when six or eighttable mats are rolled together theyare certain to get more or less mussed,since the entire collection must behandled whenever 5ne of them is re-; leased.Inch thick pine rods now come invarious lengths especially for the foundation for centerpiece rolls, and whileany of these may be padded with cotton batting and then covering: withwhite crash, Irish linen or heavy lawn,It is much better to provide a coveri which is permanently attached to theroll and is wrapped about it in company with the centerpiece.These roller covers often are madeof white crash, pointed and tape boundat the lapping or outer end and fastening by means of a tape loop and a crocheted button, but far more practicalare the individual roll covers that aremade of printed cretonueTtape boundall around and fastened with two setsof tape strings.SInternationalENGINESGasolineft. -. SAll Types of Eusilage and Feed Cutting -MachineryBourbon Oarage & Supply Co.VCor, 4th and High Sts., Paris, Ky.Professional CardsTJ. WIMilAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.Room 1 Elks Building.Dr. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY.Office 514 Main Street.Office Phones j g1 JResidence 1 104.DR. A. H' KELLER, 'Practicing Physician,Offices, ?Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyHot and ColdBATHSHot and cold baths.Everything neat and clean. Politebarbers always ready to wait on thetrade. No long waits. You are next.M. A. KAHAL.1 Ify Salet3mmGiganticHolidaAtTwin Bros. DepartmentStore, beginningSaturday,December 1 6,Display of Toys,Drygoods, Cloaks, Ladies'SuitsSkirts, Furs, Shoes, Millinery.TWIN BROS.Two Big Stores in One Cor. 7th and MainParis, Kentuckymm mm ttwwai TWIN BROS.,Clothing DepartmentWe Are Showing for Fall and Winter StrictlyAfl-Wool Worsted, Hand-TailoredSuits at $1 0.00Handsome new Brown and Grey Worsteds and Cassimeresin the newast models, hand-tailored Suits, worth easily $20,oar Special $15.Overcoats in every new cut and weave, prices range from7.50, $10, $12.50, $15, $1S and $20. 9We have taken the sale agency for the celebrated EmersonShoe, Brockton, Mass. This is' the classiest 4 and $5 -men'sShoe made-Also the French Shrine hand-made Shoes at $4.The reliable Douglas Shoes $2.50, $3, I3.-50.Those rough, 'fuzzy hairy Hats, $2, $2.50, $3.Full line of Hawes Van Gal $3 Shoes. ;Monarch and Lair best $1 Shirts made. ,:Chutt's $1.50 and $2 Shirts, new patterns.Lion Brand slip-easy Collars, 2 for 2oc.Full Hue of Trunks, Suit Cases and Hand-bags.LWOLLSTElW Nx Clothing and Shoe DepartmentfeATTENBERG MOTIFIf you are r.u fierinrr from Eczema,Psoriasis or any other kind of skintrouble, drop into our store for instant relief. Wo will jniarantee youto stop that itch in two seconds.A 25c tri.il li"ott:o will prove it."We have bold other remedies forskin trouble?, but none- that ve couldrecomniPJul ntO-'e hlirhly than the wellknown compound of -H of TVinterfrreen, Thymol and a- few other ingredients t) at hrfve v.-rough t such won-iderful curt-:; all ovr the country.This comnoiT.'I. -nown as D. D. D.Prescription, vii! cool and heal theitchy, nurriirur fkin nothimr elsecan. f-ot a r-i:i bottle and see onour no-pay ofi-r.G. S. Varden & Son.mi11 1luargoien s.jr' tit 1No style has yet displaced In popularity this pretty though apparentlyflimsy article of attire.Dress Goods Novelty.Silk and wool poplins, with a borderof graduates satin stripes, surmountedby a row of sizable satin v disks, areamong novates in dress goods. ;:The Best ofHome-Killed, Meats,Bacon, Lard, Flam,Beef, Pork, Etc.One of the Many PopulaShapes That We Are Showingxl moderately priced 'one, too.If rou are looking for "The"Hat you'll-find-it in our presten handsome display of smart-millinery."We have made extra efforts!this season to reach the idea of ,every woman, and feel confidentof your .securing a satisfactorypurchase here.Mrs. Corne Watson Baird.When afflicted vitli'iKs-bard-eariuM; money and.iii.tuiu 1 1 mo expersmeutiug with uacertaiunuuuaouH, out jf .CORB TO US,th T81? h" tsla'?" t to Co fromthe Mart JV lno how. Let u t!,rc tuii-' '"r .uu wi- ir tou are out of work toucati arncze to Mt ocr ml! iTt.rrnOonil ff literIt, "J0" Pfthnewhi.c UUin our treatmentjou can Weep rij;ht cu -with jour ircri.F If 00 SUFFER bikesPhiffiMi' .. Hydrecete. Vsifcwrie. Srri-tsrc. 3WPoison, RhtunmtiHM, Vlo-n., Srr-. Sfciu l)bca,e..S Lrl ne.Ml'y r an.r 5;-tIii ai!men, tbalhas been bnuKm? m tor wb or iu..aJhs. rriiatlncthe treatment cf tm.i.lm d.-c:ora at-! drU:suntil I yoa ara dlMonrase-J call and lit in showw??,c,ui,:t,T ,,acU trou'jI cu cured bj theJC1UUZ treatment.For fnc Question Hit cudtill jieu i uueaats.GiiiGinnsti Mon-Spaelalisf Gotsi walnut St., Cincinnati, O.mar-Decided Change.Mrs. Brown Do' you thinkriage changes a man?Mrs. Jones Vastly. Look at my husband. He used to offer me a pennyfor my thoughts; now he often offersme $50 to shut up.Margolen,Paris, Ky.WINTER TOURIST TICKETSTOFLORIDAAND ALL SOUTHERN RSSORTON SALE DAILYVIAALLEQUIPMENTELECTRICALLYLIGHTEDDINING CARSSERVINGALL MEALSA LA CARTEGOOD RETURNING UNTiL ft! AY 31, 1912.FOR FULL PARTICULARS, GALL OK AHY TICKET AGEHT, QUEEH & GSESCES'T SUliOH TOITSH. C. KING, Piissenger and Ticket Agent, 101 E. Main St., LEXINCTO.V, KY.WlMmmmm r gTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS KENTUCKY, JAN. 9, 1912MILD, GENTLE LAXATIVETOR WOMEN GIVEN FREESa many of the ills of women arcdue to habitual constipation, probablybecause of their false modesty on thesubject, that their attention cannot betoo strongly called to the importanceof keeping the bowels open. It isalways important to do that, regardless of the sex, but it is especiallyimportant in women.From the time the girl begins tomenstruate until mentsruation ceasesshe has always vastly better prospectsof coming through healthy if shewatches her bowel movements. If youfind yourself constipated, with badbreath, pimply complexion, headaches,belching gas and other symptomsof indigestion and constipation, takea small dose of Dr. Caldwell's SyrupPepsin. It, is woman's- favorite laxative. You will find that you can doaway with salts, strong cathartics,etc., which are entirely unsuited towoman's requirements.Mrs. Katherine Haberstroh of McKees Rocks, Pa., and Mrs. A. E. Herrick of Wheeler, Mich., who was almost paralyzed in her stomach andbowels, are now cured by the use ofthis remedy A free sample bottlecan be obtained by addressing Dr.Caldwell, and after you are convincedof its merits buy it of your druggistat fifty cpnts and one dollar a bottle.For the free sample address JDr. W.B. Caldwell, 402 Caldwell building,Monticello, III.erms Spread in SkinAN UNUSUALMAN"Eczema, Psoriasis and other skintroubles are caused by myriads ofgrerms at work in the skin. Unlessthese germs are promptly destroyedthey rapidly multiply, gnawing theirway deep into the sensitive tissue.This is what causes, that awful itch,and what seemed a. mere rashmay grow worse and develop into aloathsome and torturing skin diseasewith its years of misery.Don't take any chances! Destroy thegerms at the beginning of the troublewith that soothing and cleansing wash,the D. D. D. Prescription for Eczema.A 25c bottle will prove this to you."We have had experience with manyremedies for skin trouble but havenever seen such remarkable cures asthose from D. D. D. Prescription. Instant relief from the very first application. We are so confident that T. D. D.will reach your case that it will costyou nothing if the very first full sizebottle fails to make good every claim.If you have skin trouble of anykind we certainly advise you to dropin and investigate the merits of D. D.D. anyway. We know that D. D. D.will help you.G. S. VarcUn & Son.ITCH! ITCH! ITCH!Scratch and rub rub and scratchuntil you feel as if you could almosttear the burning .skin from your bodyuntil it seems as if you could nolonger endure these endless days ofawful torture those terrible nightsof sleepless agony.Then a few drops of D. D. D., thefamous Eczema Specific and, Oh! whatrelief! The itch gone instantly! Comfort and rest at last!D. D. D. is a simple external washthat cleanses and heals the inflamedskin as nothing else can. A recognizedspecific for Eczema, Psoriasis, SaltRheum or any other skin trouble.We can give you a full size bottleof the genuine D. D. D. remedy for$1.00 and if the very first bottle failsto give relief it will not cost you acent.We also can give you a sample bottle for 25 cents. Why suffer anotherday when you can get D. D. D.?G.'S. Vartlen & Son.How's This?"We offer One Hundred Be liars Heward for any case of catarrh that cannot be cured bv Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. CENEY &CO., Toiedo, O.We, the undersigned, havs knownF. J. Cheney for the last 15 years andbelieve him perfectly honorable in allbusiness transactions an financiallyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,Wholesale Druggists. Toledo, O..Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system,Testimoniais sent free. Price 7oc perbottle. Sold by all druggists.Tcke Hall's Family Pills for con -stipation.Public Sale!-0F-Col. W. B. Haldeman Appointed.Colonel William B. Haldeman, news"paper editor and brother of BruceHplderaan, president cf theAmericanNewspaper Association, has been appointed Adjutant General of Kentuckyby Governor McCreary.Colonel Haldeman, a Confederatevete.-an, and former Commander ofthe local militia regime it, has accepted the pest for six months, or untilih i annual summer encampment oftne Kentucky Guards, explaining thatthis conditional acceptance will permithim to endeavor to right the "disorderinto which the affairs of the NationalState Guard has fallen." Tady Elliswill be Assistant Ac 3 Jtant G eneral.THE PARISQvicK Lunch andRestaurant,The Home of Good Cooking,For Ladies and (JentlemenOpen Day and Night.343 Main StreetE. T. Phone 724 PAIIS,KY.IJlnnk LanghornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.V7ork done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.auglGtf East Tenn. Phoe 669ASHAMED OF HER FACE"I -was ashamed of my face." writesMiss Fickard of North Carolina. "Itwas all full of pimples and scars, butafter using -D. D. D. Prescription forEczema I can say that now there isno sign of that Eczema and that wasthree years ago."This is but one of thousands of casesin which D. D. D. has simply washedaway the skin trouble. D. D. D.cleanses the skin of the germs of Eczema, Psoriasis and other serious skindiseases; stops the itch instantly, andwhen used with D. D. D. soap the curesseem to be permanent. Nothing likeD. D. D. for the complexion.Trial bottle 25 cents, enough toprove the merit of this wonderful remedy. We can also give you a full sizetwIo. -Pr7-' $1.00 on our absolute guarantee that if this very first bottle failsto give you relief it will cost you nothing. G. S. Varden & Son.He paced nervously up and downbefore the display window of a largemillinery establishment for some timebefore he finally entered. Then hewalked straight up to the saleswomanwith the air of a man who had madeup his mind."T want a hat," he said.The saleswoman looked at himdoubtfully. ,"We er keep only women's hatshere," she said, finally."Well, that's the kind I want," he'replied.The saleswoman gazed, at him helplessly. Two or three customersturned around and looked at him, too.The girls on the trimming countergiggled loudly.The man-Was evidently painfullyaware of these attentions, but he"pulled himself together" and saidcarelessly:"Let's look at some of the latestmodels.""Step this .way, . please," said thosaleswoman, leading him out of rangeof the too curious onlookers. "Whatsize hat would you like to see?""O, about 6 7-8, I guess," he said."No, no, you want a big hat withconsiderable trimming or a small,plain one you see, it depends a gooddeal on the woman who is going towear it. Now, if you could bring herin ""Say," he interrupted, "this is a surprise party I'm pulling off today andI'm going to engineer the deal myself. I don't see anything difficultabout buying a hat. You just put mewise to the 1910 rules and I'll placemy money. Anybody that would foolaway more than three minutes buying a hat hasn't got head enough towear one himself. Now, this one lookslike a winner, with the plumes on. isthe shape wise?""That is one of the sweetest thingsin the store," said the saleswoman,lifting the hat tenderly. "It is in theextreme of fashion. It is, of course, abig hat. Is your is the lady eris she, tall qr er short?""Well, I guess she's up to theweight, all right," returned the purchaser, holding the hat out at arm'slength and balancing it critically. "Ibelieve she can carry it. Are all thesecolors according to the revised rules?""Perfectly. Colors, of course, arealways a matter of taste and harmony. Is your is the lady ablonde or a brunette?"The prospective purchaser appeareda little embarrassed for a moment,and 'then said frankly:"Say, it's this way. I haven't justmade up my .mind which one thatis, I'm not sure just who I'll send it toyet. You see, I thought I'd buy a hatfor one and a fur muff, maybe, orsomething like that, for the other.That is, you see, there are two I wantto buy presents for. and O. well.which would this hat go the best with, JAmber Top or Raven Wing?""Why, I think,- perhaps, a blondecould wear it to the best advantage,"answered the saleswoman, lookingknowing."All right, it's the hat for little Sunflower. How about the size of thohole in it don't look to me like shecould get her head and all her hairin that opening.""O, her hair don't all go in there,you know," said the saleswoman reassuringly. "Well, where does it go, then?" hedemanded, looking suspiciously at thesmall opening in the center of the Immense brim."Why, it puffs up under the brim,you- know. The more hair the betterfor a hat like this.""Cradle it up, I'll take it. I'll havean express wagon-come round and getit. What's the fine?"The price was $18.50. He paid Itand glanced at his watch."Five minutes before lunch timejust time enough to go across thestreet and buy that muff. Good day,"and he hurried away.A Desirable 75sAcre FarmToes., Jan. 16,1912.We, the heirs of W. O. Shropshire,deceased, offer at public sale a partof his farm, containing 75 acres of No.1 land, located on both the Hill andHawkins turnpikes, 3 1-2 miles northof Centervflle, in Bourbon county,Ky. It has a comfortable dwelling,outbuildings, two barns holding 10acres of tobacco. Cistern at the door,some frui, school house very closeand churches convenient. Practically all in grass. It is in a good neighborhood and is a desirable place tolive. Parties desiring bo see this farmcan call on Geo. D. Speakes, the auctioneer, at Paris, or W. H. Shropshire, who lives near, or address himParis, R. F. D. No. 7. Home PhoneNo. 2031-4 rings. Sale at 11 o'clockon the farm.TERMS One third cash, balancein 1 & 2 years with interest frompossession March 1, 1912.ISAAC 0. SHROPSHIRE,W. CLAY SHROPSHIRE.W. H. SHROPSHIRE.PUBLIC SALEOFDesirable ResidenceI will sell at public auction on thepremises at 2 o'clock p. m., onThursday, January 1 8, 1912,mv desirable residence property, No.360 Stoner avenue.Lot fronts 115 feet ou Stoner avenueand extends back 150 feet. The residence has six rooms and kitchen, andthree halls and three porches : pressesin every room ; large 3tore room andpantry ; is piped for gas and wired forelectric lights ; splendid cistern, coalcellar, large dairy, carpenter shop,'two poultry houses, wood shed, boatlanding, and splendid grape arbor.Prospective purchasers invited toinspect the property.TERMS Made known on day of sale.MRS L. V. FOOTE, ,Home Phone 518.M. F. Kenney, Auctioneer.I will sell at the same time sevenboats, all in good condition.-rr- p MRS. L. V. FOOTE.Our FinalAdjustmentContinues to DrawSaleBig Crowds.Interest Never Lags, for New and PhenomenalBargain Surprises Torn Up Every Day. ,The keen interest and fast trading that areA making our Final Adjustment Sale famous, show nosigns of abating. Nor do we intend that they shallEvery day we bring forward new surprises whichmake frequent visits to tire store' most profitableeven if you have attended this sale on nreviousdays. New goods are daily placed on bargainracks and counters at phenomenally low prices.Nothing is reserved. vYou have no idea of the worderful purchasingpower one dollar has in this sale until you personally visit the store. In every department prices havebeen ruthlessly cut from 1-3 to 1-2 less than regularprices. Can you afford to miss an opportunity likethat? We think not!Does It Pay to Attend This Sale?Well, After You Come and Glance Over TheMany Bargains, You Won't Want toMiss It For Any Thing. " vSaleEndsJanuary 1 5tfJaufmanj Straua dt Co,LEXINGTON, KY.rCUTPRICESONThe IdealReading LampOpticians agree that the light from a good oil lamp iseasier on die eyes than any other artificial lightThe Rayo Lamp is the best oil lamp made.It gives a strong, yet soft, white light; and it never flickers. It preserves the eyesight of the young; it helps and quickens that ot the old.You can pay $5, $J 0, or $20 for other lamps, but you cannot gelbetter light than the W-priced Rayo gives. . .Made of solid brass, nickel-plated. Easily lighted, without remoTing shade or chimney. Easy to dean and rewick.Dealer? everywhere ; or write for descriptive ckcular direct to y k?Standard OU CompanyKilled by a Swan.The swans which gracefully glideover the many picturesque riverstretches and artificial lakes in England are commonly regarded as harmless birds, much beloved by young andaid, and fed and fondled as thingsembodying the poetic spirit of snowwhite grace and beauty. A differentstory was told at Nottingham recently, where at an inquest it was statedthat Cecil Barratt, five years old, waspulled into the river by a swan, whoattacked him so savagely that he was- drowned.The boy was the son of the caretaker of the Nottingham Rowing club,and was playing on the landing stagewhen the swan attacked him. Thelad's father ran to the scene of the accident, dived several times, but failedto find the boy, and was also attackedby the bird before hegot ashore.Napoleon's Elba Flag.Lord Archibald Campbell has presented to the army museum in Parisi curious relic of Napoleon. This is'he flag which the latter flew in theIsle of Elba during his captivity there.The flag is square, white and fringedwith gold, bearing three gold bees and,x diagonal scarlet stripe. The staffcarries a white and scarlet scarf, havng also three gold bees. Napoleonloes not seem to have used the flagle invented elsewhere than in the islef Elba, where he was a dethronedmd captive monarch. In France, alhough bees were always his emblem,md were embroidered ,on his stateobes, his standard was the tricolor.Ladies9 Underwear, Hosiery,.. , HandkerchiefsShirt Waists, Etc.- AJ-We Are Offerineeial PricesReady-to - WearGarments.(A. H. DO MB CO..IncorporatedCorner 5th and MainJBothlPhones f 29J,(lHeerrt)THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY, JAN. &, 1912THEATRICAL.A. GIRL OF THE MOUNTAINS."O. S. Wee's new, version of Lem B.fPsrfcer's snnip.tv drama "A Girl of the-Mountains," will be seen at the Paris'Grand tonight. The story tells how- sNellie Bonn was kidnapped, while buttsl babv. for revenge. She meets Rich--ara n jrston ana is lea astray oy rum.viSH'e leaves her in her raonntain nomem, . l l . J a. I 1- rr 1and returns to the city. Three years.flS.aCer Nellie meets and Iovkf Victor- Lambert. He proposes, but Nelliehesitates owing to the one secret of"iher Her friend. Roy Vernon,izi&wiug all, advises her to bs happy.Sjftfaccepts Victor.but Richard Thurston learning of this tells Victor Lamijsrt the truth. Victor breaks off hisengagement with Nellie. This is intensely dramatic and interesting andriinally ends in a peculiar and pleasingmanner. It will be presented with acompetent cast and complete scenicproduction. Prices 35 and 50,cenis.Old Commonwealth a Spend-thrift.Kentucky is becoming a spendthrift."The state spent $502,059.58 more during 1911 than it did during the preceding year. This was collected from allsources for Kentucky during last year37,255,657.49, while there was collected in 1910 but 6,657.63. The year of1911 ended with the state owing morethan SROO.OnO. po that the cav olddaughter of the republic is no piker intfher old age.EveryDAN COHEN!OUT THEY 60 1To-Morrow, Saturday,And While They LastAll Odds and Ends, all Short and Broken Lines caused1 by the Record-Breaking Holiday business, will be puton Sale at Prices so Low that every pair will find newowners at once.Shoes and Slippers!Including some of this Season's selling lines, at greatreductions. Get here early and get some of thesechoice bargains.Special While They Last:Ladies' Gun Metal, 16-Button Trooper Bootees, short vamps, "f Gldthis Season's latest styles. Save the difference. SpecialMen's Plush and Imitation Leather Mouse Slippers 1CISpecial - 1 5 fMen's Box Calf Shoes for work or dress, $2 values 1 Jk XSpecial 9 l.fl"7DAN COHEN336 Main Street - Paris, Kentucky.AtThe Big Electric Sign.MILLERSBURG ITEMS.Misssick.Anna Conway is among theMrs. Emma Long left Friday for avisit to relatives at Georgetown.Misses Edna and Flora Mason entertained a number of friends Mondayevening at their home from 8 to 12.Miss Florence Vimont left Fridayfor a visit to relatives at Cincinnatiand Falmouth.Little Miss Pauline Bentley entertained -about twenty of her little girlfriends Saturday afternoon from 2 to4 it being her ninth birthday.Mr. James Clifford, of Clintonville,rwill succeed Mr. Chas. Lavin as section foreman for the L. & N. at thispoint, Mr. Lavin being transferred toMaysville.Mr', and Mrs. Thomas Maishallmoved Thursday to the property ofMr. G. W. Judy on Trigg Avenue,recently vacated by Elder F. W. Troyand family, from that of Dr. W. M.Miller on Seventh street.The second drawing for the watch atthe store of Aaron McConnell, jewelerand optician, took place Saturdayafternoon. The holder of the luckycoupon on this occasion being MissAnna Smith, the number being 107.The electric light plant is aboutready for operation and it is expectedthe service will be turned on withinthe next two or three days. The lightswere turned on for a short time bunday night and the effect was very brilliant. Quite a number of farmers in thisscetion were busily engaged gatheringice yesterday. The ice is from 3 1-2 to4 inches in thickness, very clear andthe ice houses will be filled to theircapcaity to meet the demand duringthe warm days of the coimng summer.Capt. Chas. Lavin and wife movedMonday from the property of Mr. C.T. Darnell on Tenth street to Maysville. For a number of years Mr.Lavin has been section boss on theMillersburg division of the L. & N.At the beginning of the month thecompany transferred him to the Maysville division. 'Ends Winter's Troubles.To many winter is a season of trouble. The frost-bitten toes and fingerschapped hands and lips, chilblains,cold sores, red and rough skins,provethis. But such troubles fly beforeBucklen's Arnica Salve. A trial convinces, Greatesthealer of burns,j olls Plles cuts sores,I ma anc' sprains. 25c atbruises, ecze-Oberdorfer's.Bay a Bargain Bay at OurArguments Again Postponed.Saturday in the Fayette CircuitCourt arguments on the motion for anew trial in the case of Catesby Woodford and John Ireland vs. the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Companywere deferred until next Saturday.At roll call of attorneys Col. R. A.Thornton, attorney for the KailwayCompany, said he desired to file anaffidavit and additional grounds fornew trial in the case. .Robert C. Talbott, of this city, ofcounsel for Woodford and Ireland, saidthe plaintiffs desired to file counteraffidavits. By consent of the attorneysfor the opposing sides the argumentson the motion were deferred a week.Attached to the motion and groundsfor a new trial in the case is the affidavit of C. R. Staples, claim agent forthe Cincinnati. New Orleans & lexasPacific Railway Company, stating thaton the occasion of Judge Kerr's granting the jury a recess during the trialproceedings he heard John E. Madden,who had just testified, say in the presence of a number of the jurors that hewas "stuck on"Star,Shoot Blue Danube colts because he sold one for30,000.Circuit Judge Kerr overruled themotion for a new. trial in the case ofMiss Lula D. Crosthwaite vs. MattCrosihwaite and others. NAlmost a Failure.A turkey pool, formed by aof women of Bath county thisnumberseason,came nepr being a failure. Last yearthey went into a combine at Thanksgiving and refuoed to take the marketprice for their turkeys, which was12 cents, and they later received 16cents for them. This year they thoughtthey could do the same way, and theywould not take the Thanksgiving priceof 12 cents, but held their turkeys formore money ; but instad of gteing itthey came near not having a buyerat all, and they have just sold 250turkeys in the pool to Alex Doyle, ofFleming county,, at 11 cents, 1 centless than the Thanksgiving price.War on Revenue Agentr.War upon Auditors' agents, especially state revenue agents, will bemadei n the general assembly by thedelegations from Louisville, Covingtonand Newnort.A resolution was introduced in theHouse yesterday to investigate thework of the revenue agents during thelast administration. Auditor BosworthoDnoses even the reduction of thisforce 'of tax gathering sleuths, who'have collected $400,000 for the statein four years. The odds are againstthe abolishment of the officers,iiStoreDEATH.Mr. T. A. Nichols died at threeo'clock yesterday morning at the homeof his father-in-law,Mr. J. Will .Thomas, on Eighth Btreet, after an illnessof several months of tuberculosis ofthe bowels. Mr. Nichols had been aninvalid for some time and was a greatsufferer, but at the same time borehis affliction uncomplainingly.Thursday he began sinking rapidlyand his death since had been momentarily expected. Some time ago hewent to Saranac Lake, for tho benefitof his health, but the trip failed toimprove his condition, and he returnedhome.Mr. Nichols was aged about 35 yearsand was a son of- the late ThomasNichols of Lexington. Five yearsago he was married to Miss CallaThomas of this city, who has been constantly at his bedside during his lateillness.Mr. Nichols was a mechanical engineer by profession and was a graduateof State University of the class of1900, and was one of the most capableand popular young men tnat ever lertthat institution. Until recently heheld a responsible position with one ofthe largest concerns in the country andhad his headquarters at Atlanta, Ga.Besides his wife he is survived byhis mother, Mrs. James Nichols, asister Mrs. W. G. Simpson, and onebrother, Mr. Roger Nichols, of Lexington.The funeral services will ne heldthis afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at theresidence of J. Will Thomas on Eighthstreet, conducted by Elder I. J. Spencer assisted by Elder J." T. Sharrard.Burial in Paris cemetery.The pall-bearers will be : Chas. B.May, W., L. Yerkes, Dr. J. T. Vansant, Joe Varden, O. L. Davis,Withers Davis, Harry Staples, F. P.Walker. Robt. M. Hopkins, Dr. C. G.Daugherty.Mr. William Kenny, of near Hutchison, is in receipt of the information ofthe death of his cousin,;Mr. ChapmanJ.Snith, hich occurred at Tampico,Mexico, on December 7, after an illness of more than "four months. MrSmith left Kentucky about thirtyyears ago, locating in Texas, but recently hasjrtsided in Tampico, Mexico,o'clock.Mr. Gus Pugh, aged seventy-fouryears, died at the home of his sor.-in-law,Mr. A. T. Crawford, 1031 Baxteravenue, in Louisville, Sunday nightafter an illness of several weeks ofgeneral debility and infirmities incident to old age.Mr. Pugh was for a number of yearsa resident or bnawnan, tnis county,and it was there that he waa born andreared, spending most of his life inthat community. During the war heenlisted in the company formed byflapt. Harry Bedford, and served under General John H. Morgan.Following the close of the war Mr.Pugh was engaged in the distillerybusiness being connected with his father, the late George Pugh, in the operation of the old Ewalt distillery nearShawhan. After the death of hisfather, he engaged in the breeding oftrotters and high clas3 road horses,and in the pursuit of agriculture,meeting with marked success until hemet with reverses several years later,and suffered the loss of the major partof his accumulations.Mr. Pugh was united in marriage inearly manhood to Miss MargaretSmith, who preceded him to the graveseveral years ago. At the death of hiswife Mr. Pugh came to Paris and hassince made his home with his daughter,Mrs. A. T. Crawford, residing withher in Lexington after leaving Parisand later going to Louisville, wherehe has made his home for the past twoyears.He is survived by three daughters,Mrs. Crawford, with whom he resided.Mrs. Gus McCarthy and Mrs. SetllaDuvall, of Louisville, all of whomwere at his bedside when the end came.He is also survived by one brother,Mr. Rye Pugh, of Kansas, who made avisit to his brother and other relativesin this section about five years ago.Th remains will be brought to thiscity from Louisville this morning arriving here on the 12 o'clock L & N. ,train from Lexington.The funeral services will take placetoday, January 9, from the 12 o'clockm. train from Louisville. Services atthe grave in the Paris cernetrey byElder J. T. Sharrard.Active pall-bearres : Deni3 DundonMonin Moore, Frank Fithian, J. Q.Ward, C. N. Peddicord, W. G. McClintock. Honorary pall-bearrs : S. B.Ewalt, James Tate, John C. Current,Wallace Batterton, Geo. Wyatt, Charlie Lail, Ed. Rawles, J. H. EwaltrRendered Unconscious by Fall.Lawrence, the twelve year old son ofMr. and Mrs. O. L. Soper, of LittleRock, fell on the ice while skatingwith some companions Friday afternoon and was rendered unconscious forabout iwo hours. Two physiciansworked with him until he regainedconsciousness and he is now out ofdanger.Wheat Crop May Be Injured.The zero weather which has prevailed throughout this section for the pastfew days has been very deleterious tothe young wheat in Bourbon county.The freezing of the ground which issaturated with water from the recentheavy rains, had a tendency to spewthe growing wheat out of the ground,as it is so tender and has very fewrouts. The snow which fell the latterpart of last week ;and last nightfurnishes a good blanket and fine protection for the growing crop. Thecold weather Jias been very hard onunprotected stock causing muchsuffering.Kill More Than Wild Beasts.The number of people killed yearlyby wild beasts don't approach thevast number killed by disease germs.No life is safe from their attacks.They're in air, water, dust, even foodBut gra ad protection is afforded byElectric Bitters, which destroy and expel these deadly disease germs fromthe system. That's why chills, feveraud ague, all malarial and many blooddiseases yield promptly to thisjwonderful blood purifier. Try them andenjoy the glorious health and newstrength they'll give you. Money backif not satisfied. 25c at Oberdorfer's.Millers Would Push KentuckyWheat.A special meeting of the CenrtalKentucky Millers' Association washeld at the Phoenix Hotel in Lexington Friday. The meeting was a longone and did not come to a dose untillate in the afternoon.The annual meeting of the Association is held in June, when the officersare elected and other matters of particular importance are decided. It alsousually holds a meeting in Decemberor January and, this year, as the meeting could not be held in December, itwas thought well to have it duringFarmers' Week, especially as theprincipal proposition to be brought upwas an endeavor to have t the Experiment Station devote more'attentjon togetting the wheat growing idea pushed more vigorously before the farmersby the experts at the college in theirdemonstration trains.Another matter of interest was thecondition of the insurance business inregard to the milling trade. A committee composed of President F. C.Giltner of Eminence, and Secretary B.M. Renick, of , Paris, was appoiontedto lay the matter before the Experiment Station officers.The information which the millersare particularly interested in beinggathered by the State is that pertaining to the acreage, conidtion, yield,quality, etc., of the wheat crop inKentucky.Large Number ol MarriageLicensees.During the year of 1911- PearcePaton, Clerk of the Bourbon CountyCourt issued a total of 120 marriagecertificates to white persons.North Middletown Route Abandoned. With a view cf exterding its linesinto the coal fields of Eastern Kentucky the Louisville Nashville railroad recently surveyed a route frcmthis city to North Middletown andthrough Clark county to ThompsonStation, tapping the line of the L. &E. at Indian Fields, but according to arumor that Is in circulation here theoute to North Middletown has beenabandond and it is stated that thepresent line from Paris to Winhesterwill be double tracked to meet theheavy aVmand tf the traffic fr m therich coal fields in Eastern Kentucky,and the extension from the coal fieldswill be made from Winchester insteadof Paris.It is said some important changeswill be made in the line from Paris toWinchester for the purpos of improving the line and a new grade will beestablished at aeveral points. The newtrack will be built on the west side ofthe present track from Paris to Bedford when at this point it will divergeto the right, passing through the land3of Dr. Frank Fithian, Joseph Clayand others, and will strike the old lineat Escondida. A short distance fromEscondida it again diverges from theold line, passing through the farm ofMrs. R. C. Talbott and others and returning to the old track at Renick.The greotest divergence from the oldroadbed between Austeriltz and Renick is about eight hundred feet.The changes in this line is for thepurpose of eliminating several of theheavy grades which materially hinderthe hauling of heavy frieght trains.Mr. S. Brooks Clay,of this county willundertake the task of securing thenecessary right of way between the twocities for the double track.:Copyricht 1310, by the Standard Adv. Co.uu can t Keep up withoutVTT , i 1 ...X I oi time adds to -the valueplaced in the bank.Ij in wart time.bave money andWe pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accounts! DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS. ICapital $100,000nrmi m ii i i rit iiMgrmAt the Lexiagtas Opera Hoase."MOTHER,""Mother," the play that receivedfrom, one of the most conservativsdramatic critics of today the arpellation of "The Play of the Century," twill be the attraction at thLexington Opera House Saturday'matinee and night.Jules Eckert Goodman, who wrot"The Test," "The Man Who SteelStill," and several other recent 'successes, is the author of this latest afuplift dramas, and from all indication;!itx would appear that his "Mother''will live to see another such career ai"Way Down East" and "The (ViHomestead." One able dramatic writer once said that the play most likei.destined to long life is the one thatcan make an audience cry at onmoment and force away the tears fchearty laughter. If this be a geccriterion, "Mother" will still be entertaining playgoers when the presentgeneration is no more, for it is inde-ia difficult task to tell when the aad tences who see this piece are laughingor crying. Some theatregoers likonly the sentimental plays, wh.!others will not go to see anything thatfails to create merriment. It is altogether plausible then to believe" that"Mother" will meet the exactions ccevery man, woman and child wfa:frequents a playhouse. It is juat onethese simple plays which enjoy succeby reason of this same simplicity ar.ihomely environment,Mr. Wm. A. Brady, the producer,who also controls the destines c"Baby Mine," "Over Night," "Tr.IBoss," and other pronounced success-,of the present season, will send toriginal New York cast and product. -forthe engagement there.Insure with W. O. flintor.Prompt paying non - unicjcompanies. tfParis GrandTuesday, January 9..... THE DRAMATIC EVENT ....O. E. WEE Offers a High-CIaSociety Drama,A Girl of TheMountains,In 4 Acts, by Lem B. Parker.A PLAY WITH A MORALPassionate! Pathetic!Intensly Impressive !Delightful Comedv!A Thrilling Play!"Prices 25c, 35c, 50c.Scats on sale at Mitchell & Biakmore's Monday morning.ES ON.a Bank Account. The marphot but one thmg MONEYAll ele decays before it.but it m the Bank.Surplus $30,000ii : piN-'IF;