BOURBON NEWSf1-THEPUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY IN THE YEARVOLUME XXXI.PARIS, KENTUCKY, FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1912ifliSMBHmiflHBBi flMHiiSt I Closing Exercises Rnnrhon ' rlHIM$MBHi$niMCA Coiled. ' mH HThe Simon Dep't Store.trig Reductions onCoat?, Suite, Skirts, Dresses and Millinery forLadies, Misses, Children.The Simon Department Store,Paris, KentuckyFor People Whowant to Live Welland Save Money,See LENIHAN.16 lbs. Granulated Sugar..... $1.QO3 lb can Asparagus . . . ... .V.-. . . . , 20c2 cans good Corn V 1 5cNavy Beans, per lb T 6c3-tie Broom v. . 3 5c4-tie Broom -or -Parly Queen 45c10 foars vCaxdinal Soap 25cThe!best;Coal-Oil, per gallon 1 OcBLliJE RIBBON FLOURSack SOc50-Ib Sack $ 1 .601 0O-lf? Sack . i . .... $3.20T, C. LENIHAN,Cash Grocery.Both Phones 234College.; The commencement exercises of- theBourbon Female College was held Friday evening in the Christian church.The church was tastefully decoratedfor the occasion the colors being greenand white. Potted plants, syringaand white Decniea were used as a veryeffective setting for the beautiful pic'ure made by the five members of thegraduating class.Prpsident M. G. Thompson presidedover the exercises-, which were opene'dDy a prayer by Kev. E. M. Lightfoot,or tne Baptist church. Elder W. E.Ellis, of the Christian church, delivered the address to the graduates. . taking asiis subject, "Culture." MissesBee Devine,' Ruby Kedwitz -andKatherine Thompson rendered ihreebeautiful selections oh the piano, whilea vocal selection was rendered by MissElizabeth Mann. The housekeepingmedal, which is presented each yearay Dr. M. ti. Dailey, was this yearawarded to Miss Rcbards.The graduates, handsomely gownedin white, carrying arm boucme s ofpink roses, accompanied by their sponsor, who wore pink, entered the churchin pairs to the music of a march. Theseniors and thtir sponsors were as follows: Misses Bee Devine- and NannieGoddard. Belva Hill and MargaretStone. Ruby Redwitz and MargaretArdery, Anna Keith Allin and MaryBennett Fisher, Nellie Lou Rubardsand Thomas Fisher.The followine gentlemen acted asushers for the occasion: Wm. CoonerHarry Brent Fithian. Ireland Davis,Harry Hortoru and Blair Varden.Suggestions.La Valliers, Bon Paris, Van-itees, Colognes, Jewel Cases. Suggestion to give a fairgraduate. Shire & Fithian.-- .-as-. --."TV,- ."WE KNOW HOW"Boots, Oxfords and Pumps.Plenty of white Newbuck boots forladies, also oxfords and pumps, nowon sale at Fel is' Shoe Store. tfLarge Sale of Blue Grass Seed.The larcest sale of blue grass seedthat has been reported this season so.far, was put througn Tuesday, whenCollins & Redmon, of North Middle-town, this" county, closed a deal forthe purhase of 1,685 ares of seed, theseed privileges on 1,685 ares of landat an aggregate price of- $10,650. Thisfirm pu:.chasedfche seed from 1,250 aresof land 'on the farm of Mr. Thos.Henry Clay, Sr., for $8,250: from Mr.Thos. Henry Clay, Jr.,. the seed from325 acres for $1,800, .and the seed from600 acres on the farm of Mr. Geo. Yy.Clay for $600. AJ! the above seed wassold, standing in the field., and the purchasers are to strip and handle theseed at their own expense. The Claylands are all located on the Winchesterpike, and their yield of seed this yearis considered the best in the county.Refrigerators.Our stock or refrigerators is thelargest we have ever had. AH kindsat all prices. Don't lorget we areagents "for the celebrated North Stafthe'be'st refrigerator in the world.J. T. HINTON.mm -senJillThe XTRAGOOD LabelMakes Satisfaction Sure.Sailor, Russian and Junior suits, pretty cheviots,worsteds and serges, newest combinations for Springwear, large graceful collars,silk ties, trousers lined.Most artistic designs on themarket, 2 1-2 to 10years . . . 7. ..$5.00Boys' two-piece doublebreasted and Norfolk suits,plain two-piece suits with,full lined "knickers;" alsoNorfolk and "knicker"trousers: new Sarins: styles.large variety of styles andXTRAG00D checks. A very popularthe style and appearance of much higher-priced kS5clothing; sizes 7 to 17 years $7.56PRI6E&60.6l0tH!6rsCOTS FOR CONCLAVE.Place your final order forcots and bedding not laterthan Thursday noon, May 23Roxie Davis.Notice to Democrats of BourbonCounty.Notice'is hereby given that-a CountyConvention will be held at the CountyCourt roouj at the Court House, lirParis. Kentucky, on Saturday afternoon. May 25. 1912. at 2 o'clock, for thepurpose of selecting delegates, to the-Democratic State Convention, to beheld at Louisville. Ky.. on May 29,1912,'for tha purpose of selecting dele-Kates to represent Kentucky at theDemocratic National Convention to he-1held in Baltimore, Md.f on June 2,1912. for the nurnone of selectingDemocratic candidate for President andVice-Prpsident. to be voted for 'at -theNovember election, 1913. .C. C. CLARKE,Chairman Bourbon C.u:tv Democratic Committee.Fell From Telephone Pole.thetheWm. James, an -empl jye ofParis Gas and Electric Co , incapacity or lineman, was seriousiy injured Wednesday arterroon when hefell from a telephone pule on Mt. AiryAvenue. The accident occurred infront of the residence of Mr. FrankO'Neil.James. was .engaged in replacingcross arm ?o string new wire and ascenaig me. pore witn a cross armwhen in some manner he lost footingfalling to the pavement delow,- a distance of thirty-fivs feet.. It is thopinion the spurs of his climbers failedto take a firm hold in the pole, whichresulted in his fall.In the descent he was struck on thhead by the cross arm and a deep gashcut over the left eye. His rightelbow was dslocated and he sustaineda severe Bpram of the .1 it ankle, besides being considerably bruised aboutte head and body.. That he was notinjured more seriously is remarkab!from the distanca he fell. -James was rendered unconcious fora time, but soon revived and after hisinjuries received medical attentionwas taken to his 'home on Vine street,where he is resting comfortably".-1 h.MO FATTED CALF" for theProdigal Son, but we do offercomfort and satisfaction to theprodigal clothes-buyer. .Those who have spent riotously mthe': past for both ' . . ; :Custom-Made and- R?ady-to-Wear Clothesand have not fouhH satisfaction will" be surprised at the satisfaction they will find in ourready-for-service garments. Not only the.price, but the perfect fit arid wearing qualitieswill surprise you. ' ;maMitchell & Blakemore,Outfitters to" MenParis, Kentuckyiiinii!ii!riiimiiawifi iJiiHiimiiiriiOTiimmI FRANK cSb CO.. If; ; . The Store Where Reliability Reigns. , .1-2OFm s5Ladies' Sailor HatsHaving closed out two large lines ofLadies' Sailors, we are enabled to offerNew and Up-to-date Styles of SailorHats at 1-2 the' Original Price. - -Ladies' and Misses SuitsAT QRM AT PRICE REDUCTIONS$25.00 SUITS NOW ' $15.002 :: $22.50 SUITS NOW $12.50'. $20.00 SUITS NOW ' ' $11.75. : $15.00 SUITS NOW - $9.75These ate This Seasons' Styles, AH ColorsBlazers and Nor folks, WhiteP. K. and Corduroy Skirts,Just Received. Inspection Invited.Frank & Co.:i Paris, - - Kentuckyiii-5.THE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS .KENTUCKY, MAY, 24 1912.JIfJ A--rThere is i-bsoluttly r.o jyive ftr cat h 1treatment e cry1 i-rails: " v - .- I i ir : ft 1. ,f ill- .i. . o. U-fl -5 "lt.I cu.v; v. . ;xKurt.- . ;l.sr..i.;-r - - -I.Umu.s. - "ir ::int Si c'inVir-T, b-ttrrrnil COSTS YOU501HiC".x v. .is.i"-:ou n s w crS'i satialied to pay me.TKt-rth. A-:. a't-xl XI$;vA-5 F 4KICiI I UTK CUBED0 itiA'.." 52!!2 'J-11: - V. i');t 1AJ3.1.I) TO BUCE1YE Ap W. Doll 3iff Blood Poisui b&m diseases r-,.,Rash, Sore Moala r Thr-.t. f--r-.s-Me.ta Inn rtl.c -f -rt,iBurninjr, Nervousness.Nervousness, WccL.Failing Health,Xerr or.itMemory, Lossof the fivuiptoms that d.etr r ;rnn.i. dUrinary,Kidue-and Bladder; AXlbCdbCo-; pain in Hack, i.aa,,.?r Ilht uiijatism.FBEE CONSULTATION ANT KXMFN ATIfN YTrit' f-r FrcoRook, aesSlank and get my Ch;vrjj, T.Tais, "i'luiu of Ccro arid i-'svll Information FltEE.Address or cull enDR. C. L. IX)LLE, Kcix 525 WALNUTBetweemflth and tli AvenK'-",(Near Fountain Sq. Ciacucaij, 'gIGN THJS COUPON FOll A. BOOK FKEK.bouroonD AVIS & FUNK, Props. -Telephone No. 4. Office Opp. Postof f ice..(is(is(isBourbonmassmt . Three K'nds .of Men.-? There are three kinds of men in thetfjigoHd those (the . best) who make.Chokes, those who can enjoy jokes, and-those (the worst kind) who attempt toexplain jokes. G. K. Chesterton, In'5jondon Daily News.r1BEMISIIIPPPpffPBflPPPPH9BuPPPPPPJrpjpflBpngLjHppjpjflpppflTGive us yourgetting one,YERKES & PRIOHARDBoth 'Phoncs;66ruK WEAK,DISEASED MEN .onre c treatment I"'1 s::a.y, -f:r Y.iler Scanning mylexiesxr returns.Ifi i:ciCi?.y Curedi I. rt ' ,i r'-r i! not, I will notI ..) u tjin for ou. The bestd. n.' . .roves tliat my treat:.'IT r yTfiouA CENT ANDclirx.icc to provp I can cure.vc:, x. nc Add. .,-' I i of rvfttn Qtl f:s sx I-iiotT , t-umny, iwistea, worm-UKendi'ioa 1 1 veiu3, i-ore often on left side,Lu:ii'g lower.iS.mipouja .'.rlilngf or Pain in Groin orr'-c.k. t' roiiMisr, AVoaitneas, Loss ofV....i.ty, i-acic of Z.miiiiiou.I care Varicose Enlargement by onet-eptment i"i no visit, without a severehuricil ortraIn rr suffering, or keeping- p; zitchinff Darning,. I- UOt.I.'S. .C B...SI. D S25 V aJnut 8rrt, CIncln.n':'u i. Pl-t-i k-0J nn free oiib of your booksK't r- n;- ol-'i Qi-i ion P.laofc, aa I desiret il .-rilM v.v c .; t yvi .or tne purpose of takingt afr.i"it. if I 1 :'.!$ caa (.uro cue and jour.i a Ijw cajr; - U su.i.a. c.Tri-State.i .'"r-iLaunaryAP rticular Service For.Particular People.They are pleased with ourlaundry work the rest ofcourse. Systematic, thoroughpainstaking work enables usto get your laundry out theday we promise it, and itsquality is guaranteed. Giveus a trial order. You'll notregret it.Laundry,Paris,. Kentucky. -T . S. Avoiding Temptation.What you ought not to do, dothink about doing. Pythagoras.hotGo to Buck's.For a nice bath, hair cut or shave,go to Buck's barber shop. Three firstcla?p barbers 13 tfTRANSPLANTERSAnyone who has used the BEMIS TRANSPLANTERand then used another can appreciate the difference inthe work done. The floating shoe, positive valveaction, all steel frame; arid the work done are iUfeatures.order now so you willTHE BOURBON -NEWSPABIS, KENTUCKYSWIFT CHAMP,PublisherEstablished 1881-30 Years of Continuous PublicationPublished Every Tuesday and PridayOne Year... . .$2.00 Six Months. .$1.00Payable in AdvanceI Entered at Postoffice at Paris, Ky.,as mail matter of the secondulassADVERTISING RATES,niarln7 nr7rPirhiRftments. $1.00' rerinch for first time ; 50 cents per incheacn Buustsqueuu ihdoiuiuu.Reading notices, 10 cents per lineeach issue ; reading notices in Tblacktype, 20 cents per Jine, each issue.f!arrlanf t.Vianks. nails on candidates.obituaries and resolutions, and similar inafct er, 10 cents per line,.Special rates for large advertisements and yearly contracts.The right o? publisher is reservedto iTp.olmo anv advertisement or'othermatter offered for publication.Space is a newspaper's stock intrade, its source of revenue.A High Salaried Bootblack.When Goncressman Hamlin.: ofMissouri, was investigating the StateDepartment he made inquiries about aceriain colored man who was down onthe pay roll at $2,000 a year. He wastold that this man never came aroundthe department, except to draw hispay, for the reason that he was "detailed" to Mr.' Knox' private residence. "Wehre is he new?" Mr. Hamlinasked."He is down at the Panama canal,acting as valet to Secretary Knoxduring the latter's tour of CentralAmerica," was the reDly."And does he have to shine theSecretary's shoes?" Mr. Hamlinasked."Yes. 1 suppose that is a part of hisduties," was-the answer.Eight Mules Burned.Eight fine mules and .a krgequantity of feed and farming implements were lust in a fire which destroyed a big barn on the Elmendo'rffarm of Jas. B. Haggin, Monday. Theorigin of the fire, is unknown. Theloss was about.$5;000, covered by insurance. Reach A Compromise.The indictment brought by the Scottcounty grand jury against the Louisville & Nashville railroad for permitting a nuisance, was compromisedwjthout the necessity of going into.cour.t. At the station at StamningGround the waiting room permittedthe white and colored passengers thesame-accommodations. ' This has nowbeen rectified, and the indictment wasdismissed.IIIIIIbe sure of-IIMHow He Loves the Farmer;.In his travels about the country Mr.Rou8eveItnever Jloses an opportunityto tell the farmers of his affectiona'terejgard for them. During his .term inthe White House a Chicago newspaper,artist drew a picturecf a farmer sitting-beforea fireplace, with his shoesoff. reading one of the Koosevelt messages. Tha picture was entitled "HisFavorite Author," and Mr. Rooseveltoften said it was the beet picture heever saw.The hatvester trust, which annuallytake's millions of dollars from the farmer, sells binders in Russia and SouthAmerica, for $90, and- the farmers, ofthe United States are charged $120for the self-same binder. During theRoosevelt regime an effort was madeto breakmp this trust, which'so ranklydiscriminates against and overchargesthe American farmer, and Mr. Roosevelt secretly suppressed that' effortby ordering his'Attorney General notto start a contemplated suit until hegave the .word, which he riever gaveMr. Roosevelt thus aided and abetted!the.one trust .which, more than ail;others combined, robs and plundersthe farmer of this country. t 7Gt W. Perkins, organizer of this;harvester trust, is now cutting up thei.. .' X Hf T ".. 1 1 1 Juiuutry lor ivir. xuuat:vt:ii a tciiu-paign. iFixing It So They Can't Lose;According to sworrTstatements filedwith the Secretary of State ofPennsylvania it cost the Taft andKoosevelt managers approximately$2,000,000 to conduct the recent pri-.mary campaign. In Alleghanycounty,which includes Pittsbuig, the following were among the contributors tothe Taft fund : James Laugtilin andHenry Laughlin, of the Jones-LaughlinSteel Co.. S5..000 eachj.B. F, Jones, ofthe Jones Laughlin Steel Co. ; SenatorG . F. Oliver, owner of newspapers,banks and jteel stock?,' $7,000; W.- F..Snyder, owner of lake, steamer lineswhich supply the steel trust with ore$1,0U0; J. H. Reed, chiet counsel forthe Carnege Steel Co., $1,000; W. L.King drector of the steel trust, $1,000;VV. F. McCook. steel trust attorney,; $1,000 W. H. Rowe,president of thePittsbun? Steel Co.. $1,000; A. tW.Mellon, banker and steel stock owner,.$1,000; and George Westinhouse, largeuser of steel, 1,000.Mr. Roosevelt's chief supporters inthe present campain are G. W.Perkins, director of the steel trust.andiFrank A. Munsey. largest individualowner of the trust's common stock,Nothing could be more apparent thanthat the steel interest of this nationwould be perfectly, satisfied to haveeither Mr. Taft or Mr. Roosevelt inthe White House.Endorse the Administration.When th.e Democrats of Bourboncounty meet- in Mass Conventon ontoi-morrow May 25, it should betheir duty in this convention to endorse the present administration ofState affairs. The principal issue atthis convention will be the selectionand instruction of delegates to theLouisville, convention.Little interest has been taken in theconvention in this county but the waveof public sentiment and supportseems at the present time to be strongly in favor of Champ'Clark and it ismore than probable that the Bourbondelegation .will be so instructed.Whether Bourbon county should castits vote tor Clark or any other of thecandidates mentioned for the nomination the endorsement of the Stateadministration should not be overlooked, and it is with this nurpose in viewthat the News calls the attentoin ofthe votersto the fact. -Four years ago Kentucky wentKepublican by a majority of 18.000 andat the last election! it was returned tothe Democratic foal by a majortiy inexcess of thirty-one thousand. Thepresent administration lead the partyto victory and it was through theirefforts that Republican rule was setaside. The men who put up money -forthe campaign and conducted an untiring canvas should be entitled to romeconsideration and -it behooves everyDemocrat who has a vote in the convention. Saturday to cast it for aresolution commending the administration. There has been considerable discordin the narty here of late eminatingfrom conditions which existed in theDemocatic ranks. Some few havesought to wrest the laurels for the. great victory achieved last November,from those to whom th'ey rightfully belong and assuming control willleventually lead the party to ruin.Harmony should ixsist whe e discordnow prevails."Mammoth Cave.Bourbon county's trio to MamothCave will be June 19th. The "roundtrip railroad fare from all stations inthe county, $5.65. All expenses atCave hotel, $6.50 for three days J rip.This latter, amount includes yourboard at Cave hotel, and the severalroutes through the cave, making theexpense for a grand three days outingto the great. Subteranean wonder for$12.15. The hotel has-been reserved forthis date. Tickets on sale fromj allstations. A specially conducted trip.Through coaches on regular morningtrains. " . .Write or phone L.&N. -agent. td..Jlrirl. at irriUbiUty orfnrv ri'.iner num uibvuvi um.-j 1twitching,'The local.Tabletsctrengthenedwoman ormay be. tooend strength-gtj I.i A c4oJr? K treated with Dr:Gisoraer anu ismuia;.uu.w - - - -ana ir.s iy -Tuj -I:. " -..I.. .f-.r r.,ri -."cn r'.r'z . ri" L.Xw uit&ik. oia.VT--n - - - formtne woman oi -t ""- . ... resgreat iOr net aiiu-jijuu. r .L 'v omSK ; ecu far weakness and distressing oilmen. Tk one remedy so perisctUr Wm-a P in comoosition and so good in curative effects as to warrant$mmm& wranner. The one1 was in Deufins. Scott.tip?GEO. W. DAVISFUNERAL DIRECTOR AND LICENSED EMBALM El.BOTH'iPHONES DAY 137; NIGHT 299.Why not you join the great army ofcustomers and burn-Now isthe lime to try a load.Dodson & DentonPARIS, KY.CUMBERLAND i TELEPHONE and TELEGBAPH GO.INCORPORATED.For reliable telephone service, both local andLONG DISTANCE, use the East Tennessee. Bour.bon County Exchanges atii;lUrV-ifcr. NsrlhParis,N :rtriRuddles Mills.you have East Tennessee serviceHAVE telephone service."VWhenCumberlandlTelephone and TelegraphCompanyIncorporatedSome Good AdviceTo theDon't sell your old feathers until you find out the prices, Youcan call us and we will look atyour feather, or it you live mithe counrrv send us a sample. 1 1will let you know what they areworth. Some old feathers if theyhave been well cared for' are asgood as new. We pay marketprice for new feathers. .MAX MUNICK,8bh Street, PARI3, KY.Call East Tenn. Phone 374-jRnnktanqbornManicuring 35 Cents,Shampooing 25 Cents.Work done promptly and satisfactionguaranteed.aug!6tfEast Tenn. Phoe 669LOWRY & TAXiBOTTParis. ICen."tu.o!kLVALL THE COM FORTS OF HOME.TOWEL GOTIjov arc troubled with "nerw"of female weakness.Pierce's" Lotioncorrected andupon the young:ni structurestorative ton:3sold-by druggistsmakers "in printing its every ingredient on us oucsiasremedy which absolutely contains neitnerdcohol nor injurious or habit-formmg drugs.Foi'cwing letter selected at random from a large numfcsrcl similar ones and cited merely to illustrate these remarks :- "In the winter of 1008, I became greatly run down and irregular".vriteaHKvScorr, of Swan Ca IThe doctor said Ieiaven wecAaiuft?StS5toSke Tthirremedy I could not walk across the floor, but afterTiKrttoe lwtKa I" could feel myself gaming, so I dropped thoSSrS htSk D, TP erce'a Favorite Prcription. Only for 1 thinkI wSd havclleen dead-I really believe it saved my life. I feel bcttecnow than in twenty years."aimMiddletowa, Little RockMiddletowa, LittlefanyouModern Equipment,A Barbers,Hot and Cold BathsPolite Service.Everything Sanitary.Children's Work a Specialty.CARL CRAWFORDJoe. G. Mitchell,Against Fire, Tornado andLightning. Two old reliable, prompt paying companies. Phone 162Agentwill not be yours unless ycuhave aMajestic Rangein Your Kitchen !Come in and see them. TheyiNEWBARBERSHOP1are the best made.K. t... r - f- -JS-' A'-tJSaxsfe.- - 'i.THE TbOURBON NEm PARIS, KENTUCKY, MAY 24, 19.1rrequires special nourishment ofeasy assimilation.Scotf s Emulsioncontains these vital propertiesin concentrated form and distributes them all over the bodywithout taxing the digestion.Scott & Bowne. Bloomfield. N. J 12-12EXCURSIONParis, Ky., to.Cincinnati, O.,And Return.SUNDAY, MAY 26, 1912Fare $1.50 And Return.Excursion Train leaves 7thStreet Station Returning to Parisat 7 p. m.Tickets good only day of sale.For further information, call on-crwrite. W. H. HARRIS, Agent,or J. K. SMITH, T. A.A gold bracelet, between- Tucker'sstore on Main street and Eight streetto ligb. Finder return- to undersigned and get reward.MISS MARTHA MYNES,1022 High St.Words From SomeStatements That May Be Investigated. Testimony of ,Paris Citizens.When a Paris citizen comes to thefront, telling his friends and neighborsof hiB experience, you can rely on hissincerity. The statements .of peopleliving in far away places dc not command your confidence. Home indorsement is the kind that ba k Doan's Kidney Pills. Such'testimony is convincing. Investigation proves it true.Below is a statement of a Paris residftnt. No stronger proof of merit canbe had.M. Holleran, 200 W. Seventh street,Paris Ky., says: "Doan's KidneyPills are mighty good and I am glad topraise them to every one. I had a lotof trouble from my back and kidneys.The action of my kidnejs caused memuch suffering and sometimes the passage of the secretions were painful. Ihad back ache too. I used many medicines but was not benefited until I takeDoan's Kidney Pills. They soon mademe. better and stronger."For sale by all dealers. Price- 50cents. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo,New York, sole agents for the UnitedStates.: Remember the name Doans' andtake no other. .Professional CardsJ J. WILLIAMS,. ATTORNEY-AT-L AW.?j3om 1 Elks Building.Study Manure SpreadersBefore You Buy One. Wm. Kenney,PARIS, KENTUCKY:Office 514 Main "Street. .Office Phones j i1,( E T 334Residence H'om'eR. A. H KELLER,Practicing Physician,Offices, Rooms 4 and 5, Elk's Bld'gParis, - KentuckyNo Christmas Money for Teachers. County school teachers of the stateare almost certain to lose their Christmas money under the operation of thenew law extending from December 1to 31 the date-when sheriffs must makefinal settlement of tax collections withthe State Auditor.Assistant State Auditor G. B. Likens took the matter up with Assistant Attorney General Mcrris to ascertain when the Denalty goes on thesheriffs.The law was passed at the instanceof Senator Claude Thomas at the recent session. It gives the sheriff thirty days longer than heretofore to makefinal settlement, and defers the 6 percent, penally on him for that length oftime. Under, the old Jaw requqiringsettlement the first of Decembersufficient money wab brought in to theeaohers before Chritsmas. This yearthey cannot get their money until earlyin January.It would surprise you to know of t,hegreat good that is being done byChamberlain's Tablets. Darius Downey, of Newberg Junction, N. B..writes, "My wife has been usingChamberlain's Tablets and finds themvery effectual and doing her lots ofycod."" If you. have. any trouble, withyour stomach or bowels give them atrial. For sale by all' dealers.As a Rule.The man who pays strict attentionto his business is usually able to payeverything else when it falls due.Detroit Free Press.There never was a time when peopleappreciated the real merits ofChamberlain's Cough Remedy morethan now. ' This is shown by the increase in sales and voluntary testimonials from persons who have beencured by it. If you or your childrenare troubled with a cough or cold giveit a trial and become' acquainted withits good qualities. JFor sale by alldealers.HORSE CIPPINGPrepare your horses forspring by having them clipped now? We are preparedto do clipping in a sales factory manner and at salesfactory prices. Call on us.TRANSFER....Best equipped transfer linein the city. Special attention given to all kinds ofhauling. Moving is ourspecialty.MARTIN BROS.Eighth Street Both Phones.LOST!On the Peacock pike abpout 1 milesfrom Paris mohair cover from toD ofautomobile. Finder .will be rewardedby returning same to the News office.17-2tTHE proper place to studya. manure spreader is atthe local dealer's placeof business, where you can seethe machine, study it part bypart, see how each part is madeand how it does its work. StudySDreaders at first hand. Go tothe local dealer and have himshow you anI H C Manure SpreaderKemp 20th CenturyCloverleaf orCorn KingLearn the advantages of anapron spreader. Learn whatconstitutes a steady, reliablefeed and the importance of it.Learn the reasons why differentmaterials are used for differentparts, and why each part, doesits work thoroughly. Learnthe value of the service the- dealer can give you. fWhen you know manurespreaders we think you will buyan I H C spreader from yourlocal dealer. . He is the man tosee. .Intinational Hirvestcr Company of America(Incorporated)Ckica. USAI H C Scrric Bure&HThe purpose of this Bureau is to furnish,free of charge to all. the best informationobtainable on better farminjr. It you haveany worthy Questions concernine soils, crops,land drainage, irritation, fertilizers, etc.,make your inquiries specific and send themto IHC Service Bureau. Harvester Building, Chicago. USAOverstraining.Many a man spoils his financialstanding while trying to enable hisdaughter to live in a style which willgive him the right to demand bigpromises from her suitors.Now is the time to, get rid of vourrh umatism. You can do it by applying Chamberlain's Liniment andmassaging the parts freely at eachapplicatin. For sa-e by all dealers.mmfl'ANDERStoParts Prices are TaxesGet Them LowJJStudebaker-Flanders "20' Touring CarPrice, Standard Equipped, $S0ONow before you buy a car find out what repair partswill cost you.Parts prices are. your taxes. They come .to every ownerand they will come to you. But you can get them low, ifyou will.Most manufacturers take for granted you won't think ofthis before you buy a car. Then they've got you. ButStudebaker says'Find out now." Because the Studebakermaxim is a square deal 'for every owner.We guarantee E-M-F "30" and Flanders "20" cars fourtimes long as most manufacturers, and then sell youparts at prices lower proportionately than any other manufacturer in the world.65,000 Owners Know Is True. Send for Our New Catalogue.The Studebaker CorporationDetroit, Mich.Bourbon Garage & Supply Co. '4th and High Sts.Phone 374Onlj'a FireHerobut the crowd cheered, "as, with burnedhands, he held up a, soiall round box."Fellows !'' he shouted, '"this Bueklin's Arnica Salve I hold, has everything beat for burns." Right! aslofor boils. ulcers, sores, pimples,eczema, cuts, smains, bruises. Surestpile cure. It subdues inflamation,kills pain. Only 25 cents at Ober-dorfer's.? Now Is The Timer3EPorto Rico-s New Wonder.From far away Porto Rico come reports of a wonderful discovery that isbelieved will vastly benefit the people.Raymon T. Marchan. of Barceloneta,writes "Dr. King's New Discovery isdoing splendid work 'here. It curedme about five times of terrible cougnsand colds, also my brother of a severecold in his chest and more than 20others, who used it on my advice. Wehope this great medicine will yet besold in every drug store in PortoRico." For throat and lung troublesit has no equal. A trial will convinceyou of its merit. 50c and $1.00. Trialbottle free. Guaranteed by Oberdorfer, flagged Train With Shirt.Tearing his shirt from his back anOhio man flagged a train and saved itfrom a wreck, but T. H. Alston,Raleigh, N. C.once prevented a wreckwith Electric Hitters. 1 was in aterrible Dlieht when I began to usethem," he writes'my stomach, head,back and kidrieyswere all badly affected and my liver was in bad condition,but four bottles of Electiic Bittersmade me feel like a new man." Atrial will convince you of their matchless merit for any stomach, liver -orkindey trouble. Price 50c at Ober-dorfer's;YOUR SUMMERTo BuyGOODS!While The Prices Are Very Low, And TheTime You Need Them Most.HiBI$ Are You.Going to Buy aRefrigerator This Spring?Primarily there is only one thing for a Refrigeratorto do and that is to keep food at such a temperature that itwill not spoil in warm weather. The Refrigerator that willdo this with the least possible consumption of ice is thebest Refrigerator.A Refrigerator must have good packing. It must be built on scientific principles, or itwill not fill its mission. We carry a complete line of Refrigerators and Ice Chests from thecheapest that is gcod to the best the market affords. Don't fail to inspect our line beforebuying. ...SiNotice! Poultry Raisers4-11-44CURESrhnfora ftinp HmhprnerlL Bonn. Canker.V"U1V,U' r-' . ' r 7.rK.T ' rril..iA.;e.ko Diarrnoea ana ait uiseases 01 rouuryMis. Katie Bryant. Brdtown. Ky.. 7 "I uyed Rear 4-11-44 for ye,d think it the bt1"'- Iti,thcbe.tprevendvelUvecveried.Mfg. d Guiraitecd by J. Robt. Crume, Birdstown, Ky. Price 50c it ill Druggists.SOLO BYC. E. BUTLER & CO.KHTSETAlSPUES,Used in ever increasingquantities, because the roofsput on 26 years ago are asgood as new to-day, and havenever needed repairs.Don't put on that roofuntil you see them. 4mJHow's This.We offer one hundred dollars rewardfor any case of Catarrh that cannot becured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.F. J. Cheeney & Co., Toledo O.We tne undersigned, have known F.J. Cheeney for the last fifteen years,and believe him perfectly honorable inall business transactions, and firianci-allyable to carry out any obligationsmade by his firm.WALDING, RINNAN & MARVINWholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.Hall's Catarrh cure is taken internally, acting directly upon the bloodand mucous surfaces of the system.Testimonials sent free. Pi ice" 75c.per bottle. Sola by all druggists.Take Hall's Family Pills for constipation.: Porcb Swing $2.40 to $7.501 "FLOORICE BOXESThe most comple line of Ice Boxesto pick from, made of the bestpacking that can be had.$4.50 u) to $20:Day Trip to St. Louis.By leaving Paris on L. & N. train8 :20 a. m. direct connection is madewith theAB. & O. S.-W. first train leaving Cincinnati 12 o'clock noon, daily,arriving St. Louis at 8 jo'clock sameevening. This train carries eleganthigh back seat coaches, Parlor cars.Electric lighted diningr car, and-makesdirect connection in St.- Louis Union-Station' with aTl Western, 'Northwestern and Southwestern lines. OtherB. & O..S.-W. St. Louis first trainsleave Cincinnati, daily 2:15 a. m., 9:00a. m. and 9:15 p. m. Night trains haveelectric lighted sleeping cars withindividual mrth lights- For .'information as to fares and other particulars consult your local ticket . agent, oraddress. . . . , " , ,- - ; s. T: SfcELEY,TiP. A.? B.I& o.s-w: r.r. -513Traction Bldg. Cincinnati. Ohio..May 7-14:21-28.Our stock of Floor Coverings is now ready for yourinspection at low prices.Mattings, Rugs, Carpets and Linoleum.A. F. Wheeler Furnitiire Co.MAIN STREET, OPP. COURT HOUSE.Poor appetite is a sure sign of imparled digestion. A few doses ofChamberlain's Stomach and Liver Tablets will strengthen your digestion ai.dimprove- your appetite. Thousandshave been benefited by taking these.Tablets. Sold-by all dealers., .Why Can't They Keep Quiet?the 'trouble -with most men whomalce fools -of themselves is that theyInsist on calling public attention to it.Lame back is usually caused by-rheumatism of the muscles of the back,for which you will find nothing betterthean Chamberlain's' Liniment. Forsale by all dealers.Be Careful of Your Guesta.SATT1 A fniirK blames Trouble fer com-Li fc4. Vrof jovrrtnirfiR -der harhers alwaya jeady toju lci sec ciu, j- ' 7-7 7 7 t.t i .V v.avhowtnfinn sn invitin' dat TrpuDie trace. ixu iuk -.. -thinks he'll shoJ be welcome AAtlantaConstitution.Hot and ColdB AT IISHot and cold balhs.Evervthin neat and .clean. Folitawau &a en.Mt A . K A H A L .For Sale by Miller & Best Millersburg, Ky.0a THE. BOURBON. NEWS, PARIS; KENTUCKY,) 1, 1SUEWILEY POLIIHS RTTEMPT 10. CONTROL Bf SIBE POUTICUL MACHINEPlan Launched, Which if Carried Into Effect, Will Deal a Blackr .Eye to the State Administration and Undo all the: " Legislation Promised in PlatformBOURBON DEMOCRATS URGED TO HELP THEPARTY AND ENDORSE GOVERNOR M'CREARYConvention to Be Held in Paris Saturday Every DemocratJEas Party's Interest at Heart Should Vote to In- ' struct for Vansant for State ChairmanWhoINDORSE THE ADMINISTRATIONWhen the Democrats of Bourboncounty meet- in Mass Conventon onto-morrow May 25, it should betheir duty in this convention to endorse the present administration ofState affairs. The principal issue atthis convention will be the selectionand instruction of delegates to theLouisvilleconvention.Little interest has been taken in theconvention in this county but the waveof public sentiment and supportseems at the present time to be strongly in favor of Champ'CIark and it ismore than probable that the Bourbondelegationwill be so instructed.Whether Bourbon county should castits vote lor Clark or any other of thecandidates mentioned for the nomination the endorsement of the Stateadministration should not be overlooked, and it is with this purpose in viewthat the News calls the attentoin ofthe voters to the fact.Four years ago Kentucky wentRepublican by a majority of 18.000 andat the last election J it was returned tothe Democratic foal by a majortiy inexcess of thirty-one thousand. Thepresent administration lead the -partyto victory and it was through theirefforts that Republican rule was setaside. The men who put up money forthe campaign and conducted an untiringcanvas should be. entitled to Eomeconsideration and it behooves everyDemocrat who has a vote -in the- convention Saturday to cast it ior a.resolution commending the administration. . -There has been considerable discordin the party here of late eminatingfrom conditions which existed in theDemocatic ranks. "Some few havesought to wrest the laurels for thegreat victory achieved last November,from those to whom they rightfully belong and assuming control willleventually lead the party to ruin.Harmony should exsist where discordnow prevails.-3.- .Democrats owe the administration an endorsement.Vote for what they want.A LETTER FROM GOV.. McCREARY..Frankfort. Ky., Mayl6, 1912.Dear Friend :-You assisted.md when I was a candidate for-Goyernor, and I am gratefulfor the splendid majority which you,and other Democrats gave me at thelast November election. I write toyou again because I believe all Democrats should be active, alert, harmuosand united.I regret that there is discord amongDemocrats in Kentucky. Criminationand recrimination have been too prevalent. I regret, also, that misrepresentatheir support or endorsement.At the beginning of the present campaign IJielieved, to avoid discord, dissension and division in the Democaticparty, it would be best not to. instructour delegates to the National convention, but. as we already have dissensions and divisions, it does not makethe same difference with me at present as when thccampaign ODeuedIf the Democrats, at the State convention,, decide to instruct the Statedelegates, andjf the districts instructtheir delegates, I will, as I have always done, faithfully submit to thesession. There is no good reason forsetting aside those who diligently andsuccessfully managed the last campaign which redeemed the State olKentucky from Republican rule, andno person can doubt but that the Democratic party will be safe under themanagement of those who showedtheir Jovefor it at the last election,and showed'tneir ability to acheive agreat victory.tions and insinuations -have beenspoken or published about me, butshall not indulge in. the same line ofabuse or vituperation. I am not infavor of a "rule or ruin" policy. TheDemocratic partv has already been injured by such procedure, and I will notbe a party to further contention or injury. The success of the Democraticparty should be paramount to the suecess of any individual.i nave not assailed or criticised anyperson, and I have done nothing tojustify the assault unon me. I am thesame Democrat who, last November,thanked the Democracy of Kentuckyfor electing me as Governor by the exceptionally large majority of 31,000.and I have neither written nor spokenharsh words about any Democrat sincethen, but I have by continued zeal andby all proper efforts tried to show mygratitude by upholding an administration creditable to out State and by devoting myself to the good work of redeeming the pledges in the Democraticplatform, and nearly every pledge hasbeen redeemed.I have confidence in the justice andintelligence of the Democrats of Kentucky, and I am sure they will alwaysdo wnat they believe to be right andencourage and sustain those who workfor the public good.In my whole public life I have neverintentionally deceived my brotherDemocrats, and I have for forty yearsdevoted whatever of intellect orenergy I possesed to the good of thepeople and to the advancement of thebest interests of the Commonwealth.When the Democrats of Kentuckydemanded my services last year, I responded to the call made by active,leading Democrats in four-fifths of thecounties of the State, though I did notdesire to be a candidate for Governoragain, and I made the most labrousand lengthy canvass ever made by mein life. ,1 am glad now that 4. madethe race and helped" to redeem Kentucky frcm Republican rule and tochange-the 18,000 ReDubhcn majoritygiven four years aco fnto 31,000 Democratic majority last November.1 helped to prepare the Democraticplatform adopted at the last StateConvention. It contained fen resolutions which I had already advocatedin my race for the nomination forGovernor, and I bleive no better orj more progressive platform was ever-adopted by a State convention.My supDort of this nlatform. which !the great mass of the oeonle . wanted.leu 10 assault upon me byf ortunae .in haying elected a 'ticketwhich is watchful ot the interests ofthe party, and the whole people, andwhich is giving an economical andefficient administration cf affairs. Thalegislative record '-is admittedly thebest Kentucky has known for aquarter of a centurv. ' We have keptthe faith with the people and I believein November, Kentucky will do itsshare in electing a Democratic President. The management of a political campaign is no easy tasty. It is hard tokeen from making personal enemies.But" if I am elected as chairman of theState Central and Executive Committee, I promise that'I will not be controlled by any faction or interest ; thatI will conduct the party affairs so asto deal fairly with every Democrat andbring about the advancement of Democratic principles, and the success ofthe Democratic party in Kentucky.I trust that I may . be honored byyour supcort.Yours truly,R. H. VANSANT.Democrats owe the administration an endorsement.Vote for what they want.persona who have never refrained orueaiiaieuau assa.ii me since tne stateconvjention was held. I was .electedhoweifcr, by a large majority, withoutmeirsM, and i nope to conduct annones, economical and patriotic administranon, even if I do not haveRepublicans appear to be hopelesslydivided; the leading candidates for thePresidential nomination are criticisinganu conaemnmg eacn other, and eachis exposing the bad record of eachother. Their followers and supportersare also excitod and embittered, andnotnmg nut an wexcusablejblunder byuie -uemccrauc party will deprive itTO STAUNCH DEMOCRATS.You are probably aware of the planthat, has been formed by certain partiesin Kentucky who are opposed 'toGovernor McCreary and the present'State administration to reorganize theState committees at the coming Stateconvention, get. control of the partymachinery and then elect a Legislaturenext year that will repeal all the reform legislation enacted at the lastsession. As part of this plan thepeople who are buck of it are pushingMr. J, M. Stevenson, of Winchester,as a .candidate for chairman of theState Ceatral and Executive Committee in opposition to Mr. Rufus Vansant, who as chairman of the Democratic campaign committee last year,wrested control of the State government from the Republicans and electedthe entire Democratic ticket by majorities unprecedented in Kentucky formany .years. The people who are backof this' movement are' the same oneswho fought Governor McCreary beforehis nomination, sulked at home duringthe fight against O'Rear, and whoafter he was elected without theirhelp, made themselves conspicuous inopposition to all measures in the Legislature which the party promised in itsplatform should be enacted into law ifthey were elected.The whole purpose of their movement is to secure a State Central andExecutive Committee hostile to theMcCreary administration and then aLegislature that "will repeal all the reform enactments of the last session, although the Democratic party waselected on a platform pledging theparty to the enactment of these Jaws.A convention will be held m Paristo-morrow. The county seems to beoverwhelmingly for Champ Clark, andthe delegation to the State conventionwill be instructed lor him. But theDemocrats of Bourbon county shouldinsist .'on a resolution endorsing instrong terms the present State administration and should instruct itsdelegates to vote for Hon. Rufus Vansant for chairman of the State Centraland Executive Committee, so that theState administration will rot be hampered by a hostile State organizationand a Legislature opposed to thepolicies and recommendations of theGovernor.It is to be hoped that all staunchDemocrats will attend the county convention to-morrow and use their influence to secure an endorsement ofgovernor Mccreary's administrationand- of Rufus Vansant. who is incertain perfect accord with him, ss chairmanindividual Democrats for President, letus jrive the. Governor assurance thatwe desire his administration to be asuccessful one, land to that end let usendorse him and his administration inlanguaue.that cannot ut n.i: understood,end let us instruct thp delegates fromBourbon to vote for Hon. R. H:. Vansant as Chairman-, of 'tne DemocraticState Central ,and Executive Committee, thus insuring that the machinery of -the party will not be used forthe purpose of antagonizing ard harrassing the State adminsitrationThe following, taken from one ofour exchanges, fully covers the situation :"In the clash over contending claimsin the matter of Presidential preference it is well to remember that muchof the most important things -for theKentucky Democrats to decide at theirconvention in Louisville May 29 nextrelate to matters of State policy, ineluding the reorganization of the partycommittees."Relative to these matters it shouldnot be difficult for any intelligentDemocrat to know what is going ona cooiDinanon was jorme.'i forneweeks ago, with Congretsuiu.i Campbell Cantrill, of the Seventh districtas the State leader, and Henry Watterson. W. O.Head and Frank McGrathas the Louisville factors, to unhorse.the present leaders of the partv andcripple the McCreary administrationbefore ita work is half done."ihe choice of this combination forChairman ot the State Central Commutce is air. donn Stevenson, of Winchestei."On the other hand the Democraticleaders who won the great victory of1911 at the polls and even morememorable victories in the KentuckyLegislature of 1912 have united to support for Chairman of the State Committee Mr. R. H. Vansant, of Ashland.ine reai ngni at tne atate convention, therefore, is the fight betweenStevenson and Vansant, with Campbelluantrm, w. U. Mead and Frank Mcbratn backing Stevenson, and Governor McCreary, former Governor Beckham, Mr. Mayo, Mr.. Camden, Mr.naiey ana otners oi tne progressiveleaders supporting Mr. Vansant. TheState issues involved are so muchmore important to the people of Kentucky than .any influence Kentuckymay have in the mere making ofparty nomination for President thatit is not surpnsing that interest hascentered in the contpst over the organization."Fortunately here the issue is cleancut and unmistakable. If the Democratic party wants to turn its backupon everything it has done in Kentucky in the last eighteen months andpermit the Louisville ring to dominatethe State it will sanction" the defeat ofMr. Vansant. If it wishes to continue the work that has been so wellbegun it will elect Mr. Vansant."vote tor Kutus Vansant atthe convention .to-morrow forChairman of State Central andExecutive Committee andplease the Governor and hisfriends.g victory next Noof an overwhelm!vember.uemocrats should vet tntrotViciuere is no cause:wnatever for controversy, contention, criticism or bitterness. Let us adiust a ! matlprs rWnave produced aiscor.d as harmoniouslyas possioie, then so forward to helpnominate the Democratic candidatewno can he elected.i said at the Democratic harmonybanquet in Louisville, more th. nmil 4-1-1- -t-Hf mn-inMifn I : 1 1 ' ntonfrlt nn'n 4-1 :f tll ,in uj. mc uiujui.ik.y. wiji supputt ufcu, iiiau ji onamp uiarK wasas l nave always done, the nominees nominated he could defeat Taft, and Ioi. me national Democratic Conven- a'co oeiieve he could defeat Roosevelttion to ne held in JBaltimore, for Eres-' Brother Democrats of Kentuckyident and Vice President, and ;I wslLuphold whatever action is taken bythe Kentucky Democratic Conventionand support any candidate fui President for whom insttuctions msv begiven.It is proper I should fa? in this connection that I am-for lh Hon. ChampClark for the Democratic nomination" for President, and I told my intimatefriends when he first became a candidate that I would support him, and hahas known since his first visit to Ken itacky that I would do all in my power ito give him the nomination. . Mv lone !service with Clark in Congress , my fconfidence in his statesmanship,, abil- I "auy, Democracy and knowledge of national questions, and the fact that hebom and reared in Kentucky andthat his wife is my cousin, all contributed to my desire that he be nominated. As an explanation for the discord ordivision whisli has been injected intothe campaign in Kentucky, it is nowreqaently alleged that it is a fight bypersons hostile to the administration,to gam COfltrnl of the Demnrratif.organisation or party machinery in theState so as. to place the men whe have'-fit0 o prominent in opposition inceerge of the party and make themJeedecs in the management of theDemocratic party. It is also allegedthe, m soon as they get control of theergwnxation and of the party in the&U. Phine will be laid to repeal.wbM tin next legislature meets, cwtaia important laws enacted at the lu-snouia send iaithtul, true and triedDemocrats to the National .conventionat joaiLimore, ana ourwatenwors should be, "Harmonv andvictory."Your Friend,. " james b. Mccreary.Democrat? should endorsMcCreary, his administration and Rufus Vansant forChairman of the State Cm-and Executive Committee.YANSANT'S LETTER.Ashland, Ky., May 16, 1912.At the request of hundreds of Demo-in me state, a great many ofwnom participated lq the fight lastjjj, i nave decided to became a candidate for chairman of the State Centraland Executive CommittP.By untiring work. 'the formation of aperfect organization and the enthusiastic support df the Democrats, wewere enaoiea to wrest the control otA 5vernmeni rrom the - hatidsof tfae KpubIicaM fay majority ofover 31,000.. Believing that the experience gainedin that campeiitn will make ms iervices valuable to the party, i ask anendorsement at their- bands. We arij of the Democratic State Central andfcixecutive Committee.Democrats should endorseMcCreary, his .administrationand Rufus Vansant for Chairman of tre State Centraland Executive Committee.Erom The Keninickian-Citizen.A County Convention will be held inParis, Saturday, May 25, for the purpose., oi selecting delegates to "theState convention at Louisville, whichwill-select the Kentucky delegation tothe National convention at Baltimore. will vote for R. H. Vansant.it is conceaea py a 1 that liourhnnGov. McCreary wants RufusVansant elected as Chairmanof the State Central and Executive Committee. If you area McCreary man vote forVansantA vote to instruct for Vansant isvote to hold up the hands of the Governor and help to make his administration a success.It is proper for Democrats to dividea they please on Presidential candidates, but every true 'Democrat shouldstancttby the Governor and see to itthat the party organization is not Dermitted to fal' into the hands of partieshostile to him. Vansant is the mantor State chairman. He is in Derfectaccprd with the Governor. Vote forVansant instructions.If the Democrats of Bourbon countyare in favor of rebuking tne McCrearyadministration for passing laws whichthe Darty was pledged by its platformto pass, they should come to the - convention to morrow and vote for Mr.Stevenson. But if they believe thei Governor should be sustained forcar-rjfing out the platform nromises theycounty is uverwhBlmingly for Hon.Champ Clark for President and a delegation will be sent- from Bourbon instructed for hinj.Therer is, however, another fighteoing on'under cover of the Presidential contest that is of far greater importance to Kentucky than anv influence' it can hope to have in the choiceot a candidate for President, and it isthe fight to elect a Democratic StateCommittee hostile to the Governor andcontrol the party machinery for thppurpose of antagonizing and in.ii.rinphis administration.The people, who are making thi3fight are backing; Mr. John M. Stevenson tor Chairman of the State Centraland Executive Committee, and thpGovernor and the men who wnrpchiefly instrumental in securing hisnomination and election, are for Hon.R. H. Vansant.Mr. Vansant was Chairman of thpDemocratic Campaign Committee lastyear and elected the whole ticket bvsuch a majority as has not been sppnin Kentucky for years; -JLbe Democrats of Bourhnn. finnnfushould understand the purpose of thisnght. if it succeeds it means that thppeople who are hostile to the Gover.por will secure control of the naitvmachinery, that the Goveraofr-will findhimself hampered and hindered in allhis purposes, that a Lecislatnrfi winbe elected next year that will repealall the laws which the last Lesrislaturpenacted in fulfillment of the pledgesmada by the part in its platform," andthe old ring and "interests" whinhhave controlled theDemocratic party inKentucky lor yeara will aeain be in thp"addle:Governor McCreary and the Statadministration" deserves the com nonfat ion of the State and Bourbon Countyskotild put its foot down, good andhard, on tha effort to control the-partyin opposition tojtke administration. "iwnover Hay be the preference -oXEverybody has heard of Rufus Vansant. As campaign chairman last yearhe piloted the party ;to the most notable victory achieved in Kentucky formany a year. But Stevenson StevensonWho the devil is Stevenson? T.hefellows who want Stevenson asn; chairman will be compelled to endorse theadministration of Gov. McCreary. Butwhat would you think of .the sincerityof endorsing McCreary and at the sametime asking for instructions for a headof the State committees lined up withthe crowd that is trying to make theState administration a failure?Democrats owe the administration an endorsement.Vote for .what they want.JfaUtn lSuys Ottt Cil. . F. Clay,One of the biggest transaction? inthoroughbred horses made in this section was consummated Wednesdayafternoon when John E. Madden, proprietor of Hamburg Place, in Fayettecounty, bought all of Col. E. F. Clay'sRunnymede Stud mares, yearling,sucklings and a half interest in thefamous imported stallion, Starshoo?the other half of this premier sire being owned by Mr. Catesby Woodford,of Paris, President of the KentuckyRacing Association.The horses purchased by Mr. Madden from Col. Clay number thirty-five,and while the price was not given outit is said to be approximately $40,000.By the purchase of the stock fromRunnymede Stud, it easily makes Mr.Madden the most extensive breederof thoroughbreds in the United States.Col. Clay several days ago resignedas a member of the State Racing Commission and the sale of all of histhoroughbreds is, taken that he intendsto retire complet2ly from the turf andin so doing will be seen the passing ofone of the grandest of the old schoolof American turfmen.rarisTiFairGraduating Presents.For Graduation Presents,seeShire & Fithian. They havea beautiful line of Goods.Porch Furniture.Come in and look at our beautifulstock of porch furniture. Also allkinds of furniture for the lawn, porchshades in all colors and sizes.' J. T. HINTON.Have it Put Aside.Select your wall paper at J. Hinton's now and have it'pu.t aside. 'RELIGIOUS.By losing yesterday afternoon Parissuffered the fourth-straight defeat tbisrweek. Tuesday afternoon at Frankfort the Lawmakers took their measure in a fast, game by a score of 7 to 6,Kohler pitched for Paris, and was hitfreely. " .Outfielder Campbell was injured by a hard hit ball, having thefinger on his- left hand split, and wasforced to retire from the game.Tuesday morning, the Bourbonites 'journeyed to Richmond for a set oftwo games with tlie Pioneers, and thefirst contest went to the latter, thescore being 9 to 4. The locals pounded in four runs in the first inning, hitting Laugfit all over the lot. He wasrelieved py Black, and after that thevisiting tam never had a look-in, whilethe Fisher aggregation pounded bothKoehler and B'ankeuship for a total offifteen hits.Yesterday afternoon the Bourbonitswent down in another defeat to thetune of 16 to 1. This, with the defeatby Frankfort Monday, makes thefourth straignt loss by the local aggregation. Campbell was left at homewhen the Paris team went to Richmond Tuesday, and is nursing his injured hand. He will be out of thegame for a few davs yet.The Lexington club will be here thisafternoon, and the feature at WhitePark will be the double header. BothParis and Lexington have been run-,ning a close race and the contests thisafternoon will decide the fate of oneor the. other. Tne first game will becalled at 2 o'clock.. Kev. W. E. Elii will fillj his pulpit Sunday morning and evening at theusual hours."The Life of Power V will be thesubject ofRev. E. M. Lightfoot at theBaptist church Sunday morning. Atpnight the services will be held at7:30 o'clock, when Rev Lightfoot willpreach from the subject, "True Goldand Its Testing". The Baraca classwill meet in connection with the Sunday School at 9 :30 o'clock a. m.Novelties.Novelties in silver for hoysand girls Just the trick forgraduate giftShire & Fithian..Remember.We are prepared to furnish you with:the best of fresh, 'vegetables, . fruitsand fresh meats.21-3L BRAMLETT & TARR.Use Chinamel.Nothing improves the . home at sdlittle, cost as Chinamel. Make theold floors look new. We sell it.21-2b VARDEN & SON.Condensed Report of The Condition of TheDEPOSIT BANK OF PARISAt the Close of Business on May 18, 1912RESOURCESCash $ 20,068.01Due from Banks . ; .; 83,452.49Real .Estate 13,458.76Furniture and Fixtures 1,500,00Overchecks 3,199.60Loans 408,897.19$532,776.72LIABILITIESCapital Stock .-. . $100,000.00Surplus 1. "30,000.00Undivided Profits ; 2,292.80Tax Account 599.22Interest Fund 451.65Interest and Discount, lessCurrent Expenses . 5,567.14Due to Banks , . . 2,778.06Deposits . . . : ; . . . 388,887. 18-1532,776.72:December 15, 1910 .TT. .$241, 141.59December 31, 1910 ; $263',115.56June 30, 1911 $273,800.47July 18, 1911 $309,033.16December 5, 1911.., $347,175.81December 30, 1911 $371,571.43May 18, 1912....$388,887.18REPORT OF THE CONDITION OF THEFARMERS' BANKDoing business at town of Millersburg, County "of Bourbon, Statedor Kentucky, at the close ot business on the 18thday of May, 1912RESOURCESLoans and Discounts with one or more endorsers orsureties 8126.935:58Real Estate Mortgages 20.911.67Gall Loans on CollateraL: J- . o 00Time Loans on.Collateral 0.00U. S. Bonds .1 ; o.OOOther Stocks, Bonds, etc. 0000Due from National Banks . .25.068.49- i1 .- if.."JDue from State Banks and Bankers 'Due from Trust CompaniesUnited States and National Bank Notes. ' "rbpecieChecks and Other Cash ItemsExchange for Clearing- House .Overdrafts (secured)Overdrafts (unsecured)TaxesCurrent Expenses PaidiReal Estate Banking House.Uther Keal Estatei174: iff..0.00n 0103o:6o1', 745.441.978.620 001,106;880.00n nnFurniture and Fixtures 7 nnn nnOther Assets not included under any of above heads . 0.00' ; r j z. i Ai$147;847-32,536.5713,724.06-8,106.8STotal...192,214.7frLIABILITIESDemocrats should endorseMcCreary, his administrationand Rufus Vansant for Chairman of the State Centraland Executive Committee.Vote for. Rufus Vansant atthe convention to-morrow forChairman of State Central andExecutive Committee a ndplease the Governor and . hisfriends.Gov. McCreary wants RufusVansant elected as Chairmanof Ihe State Central and Executrve Committee. . If you area wcweary man voce totVmsantCapital Stock paid in, in cash;. ;Surplus Funds ' ' -is nnn an.Undivided Profits 2 29104Fund to Pay Taxes 1377777-177 2!747.rI3-15,000. 00Deposits subject to check (on -wKichinterest is not paid 129,185'02Deposits subject to check (n whjch interest is paid) .0:QQTime Certificates of Deposits (bh which interest is baid)- 24: 790 56Due National Banks 3 .-f.i;.?...! f;258.25Due State Banks and Bankers , t5t 014.76'Notes and Bills rediscounted-.' r-.I?:3.37377373:S, v A0.0019,966.17153,975;5ja.rTotal.3,273.01$192,214.76State of Kentucky, I c 4- ' 'County of Bourbon, i &cc- ; . - r&'I, Sanford Alien, jGashier of above named Bank, do- solemnly swear-tHafcthe above statement is trueto the best of my knowledge and belief. : "sVSANPORD AT.T.TftW ri'ai- V kSubscribed and aworn to before me' by Sanford Allen, this-, 22 dayMay, 1912.- : .st .My (JoaKwwioii. expires January 12; -1916...a -'V " Q?t Attest:,we-'J. G. AEB1G. S.ALLEN,- - Director.-x - - e -THE BOtTRBON NE,PAftI5, KOTOCK;y1912;HE BOURBON NEWS.ALWAYS. HAS THE BESTOF EVERYTHINGNOTICE!City Licenses Are Now Past Dae.All persons whose city licenses arepast due will take notice that underthe Jaw it is a cenalty for each daythey m2y so operate. The Gity Collector has been notified to furnish a listof all deliquents by June 1. 1912, andat that time warrants will be issuedfor a 1 offenders.c. a. McMillan.U 2t City Attorney.School Will Close Today.Mis Jennie M iller's school at Jacksonville will close Friday with an entertainment to be given by the pupils.The public is cordially invited.For the Conclave.Give us your order freshcleangoods kept in doors.21-3t.BRAMBLETT& TARR.Sale o! Edibles.The juniors Missionary Society ofthe Presbyterian church, will have asale of edibles at the store c f Mr.Geo. W. Davis on JSatu'day, Mty 25.Extra Thin Underwear.Short- drawers, short sleeves andsleeveless. B. V. D. Delpark,Scrivens, Union Suits and Separate,50c the garment, UDwards.J. W. DAVIS & CO.A Derby Winner.Buy a "Winner" straw hat to wearto the Derby. Sold by 10-4tMITCHELL, & BLAKE MORE.Sell Buick Car.Mr. Louis Rogers has nurchased ofYerkes & Prichard a Model 29 Buickfive-passenger thirty horsepower touring car. which will be delivered to himthe first of the comine week.Our $20 Serge Sets the Pace.It's true blue, guaranteed and acorking good stvle., If you are goingto wear a serge this summer, look thisover.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Announce Second Reduction.The Paris Gas and Electric Co. announces a reduction in the price of gasand consumers will read thi3 announcement in another column with a greatdeal of interest. This is the secondreduction made in, the price, madevoluntarily by the company.The Bicycle Store.Visit our second floor and see thecomplete line of bicycles we have iustock. All sizes and prices. - Fullline of all kinds of supplies.21-4t LAVIN & CONNELL.Standard Novels at 15 Cents.One hundred standard novels takenfroui our circulating library offered tothe public at 15 cents, while theylast Call early and get the Dick.PARIS BOOK STORE.Entertament at Monterey.The closing exercises of Montereyschool, of which Mrs. Alma Pryor isteacher, will be held tonight and theschool term ended with an entertainment to be given by the pu-Dils- of theFchool. The entertainment will beginat 8 o'clock.Big Reductions.Sweeping reduction on coats, fn'ts.skirts, dresses and millinery for ladies,mioses and children.THE SIMON DEPT. STORE.Our different styles .in Panamas areworth your attention. 10-4tMITCHELL & BLAKEMOKE.Child Falls From Buggy.The little four-year-old daughter ofMr. John Thomas, who lives on theClay and Kiser pike, fill from abuKgy late Tuesday " afternoon, whileridifg with Mrs. Sam Houston, near.Jacksonville. Dr. Wm. "Kenney wassummoned to attend the little one.fandit was found that she had sustained abroken rib and other injuries of aEerious nature. .Notice.The extreme high prices of meatrompels us to raise the price, on allmeat sandwiches to ten cents or twofor fifteen cents.Hot beef or pork lunches .fifteencents. Regular meals thirty-fivecents.24 2t GEO. RASSENFOSS.Conclave Pennants.Souvenir Conclave Pennants nowonPARIS BOOK STOfiEAddress On Chautauqua Work.Miss Neddie O. Hamilton, representing the Chautauqua press, will bein Paris today and will give a talk regarding the Chautauqua movement, atthe Methodist church this afternoonbeginning at 3 o'clock. Following thisMiss Hamilton will give a literarv address upon Robert Burns. There willbe no admission fee charged and allare n.ost cordially invited to attend.For The Conclave.We will have everything the housekeeper needs for the Conclave.Fruits, berries, all kinds of cheese,pickles, meats, fowls,-and iu fact,everything the market affords.21-3& T. LENIHAN.All Grade.How about a nice Watchfor that boy or irl. Wecarry them in aU crade andsizes. . ..p; U- a., i. amPEISONAL MENTION!-r-Mrs. Khoda Conway is vistingrelatives in uincmnaii.Mr. Ed Long; of Ontario, Cal.; ishere on a visit to friends.Miss Landrum, of Warsaw, is theguest of Mrs. J. Walter Payne.Miss Georgia Spears continuesquite ill at herhome on Mt. Airy avenue. Mr. and Mrs. Q. J. McLear have returned from a few weeks sojourn atSwango Springs.Miss Lizzie Grimes will entertainthe Sewing Club. Saturday, at herhome at Austerlitz.Mrs. S.G. Clay will entertain witha four o'clock tea today a't her homeon the Maysville pike.Mr. and Mrs. Lee Whaley, ofCynthiana have returned home aftera visit to relatives in this city.Mrs. J. W, Bacon was called to'Newport on account of the illness ofher sister, Miss Gussi Behrman.Misses Nell and KatherineWeigott. of Lexington, are guests ofMre. Marshall Weigott, on Pleasantstreet.Mrs. Carey E. Morgan, whorecently underwent a surgical ope-'ration at Nashville, Tenn... is. recovering slowly.Miss Elizabeth Hinton -has returned from Christian College, Columbia,Mo. where she has attendeaschool thepast session. . -Mrs. H. B. Smith, of Louisville,who was formerly Mies Blanche -Hudson,.of this. city, is the guest of Mrs.tt. M. -Harris.Edward Templin, son of Mr. andMrs. T. T. Templin, who has been illfor a month threatened with bloodpoison, is recovering.Mr. L. D. Harris, of the realstale firm of Harris & Speakes, whohas been confined to his home forseveral days with illness, .is improving, and is able to be put. ,Mr. and Mrs. Major Baiack'Smithhave returned to their home in Georgetown after a visit to Mr. andMrs.W. C. Ferguson, near this city.Mrs. Thompson Tarr, Mrs. Duncan Bell, and Mrs. B. M. Renick, of.this city, were among the'guests at aluncheon-bridge given by Mrs. H. H.Roberts, inLexington, Wednesday.Mr. J. A. Sullivan, District manager of the Cumberland Telephone and1 Telegraph Co., was here Wednesdayto inspect 'the plant oi the comnanyin this civ. While here he was theguest of' Mr. H.IH. Floyd, the localmanger.JMr. James Stewart-, of Shelbyville, is visiting friends in this cityand will remain until after .the conclave. Mr. Stewart is a member of.the Cynthiana Commandery and one ofthe most popular and well-knownTemplars in the J5 rate.The Young Ladies' Mission" Circlemet Tue-day 2fternoon with MissMary Fithian Hutchcraft, with thePresident. Mrs. Withers Davis, residing. Mrs. C. A. Thomas, of Lexington, who has had much experiencein missionary work, waH present andgave a very inteersting talk.Mies Virginia Crutcher, "of thiscity, was awarded second honors ofthe Senior Class of Millersburg Female College, at the commencementexercises held Tuesday morning. MissCrutcher is a sister of Misses Elizabeth and Nell Crutcher, of this city,and in being congratulated upon herexcellent showing."Dr. J. Ed. Ray,, formerly of thiscity, arrived .yesterday from; Pueblo,Col., to attend the annual conclave pfthe Kentucky Knights Templar. Hewas accompanied, by Mrs. Ray andthey are the guests at the home of Mr.and Mrs. J. Peray Hutchcraft. Dr. Raywas a member of Coeuf de Lion Commanery. No. 26, of this city, and wasa member of .the first class initiatedinto the Red Cross degree in August,1891.Homemade Sorghum. 'Another barrel of pure home madesorghum just opened.SAUER, Both Phones.24-2t - Opp. Court House., .; Conclave Pennants,"Souvenir Conclave Pennants now on212t' PARIS BOOK CO. 'The Quality House. -"TheHouse of Quality"for Jewelry.Shire & Fithian.Going to Decorate?Decorate yourself out in one of ourS20 serges, add a Manhattan shirt anda straw sailor and you Joolc and feel fitas fiddle for the Conclave.J. W. DAVIS & CO.Band Concert Monday Night.'The Paris Military Band will givean open air concert in front of thecourt house on Monday evening. May27, at 7 :30 o'clock.The band numbers twenty-five musicaris ior this concert and an excellentprogram will be rendered.The Paris Gas & E'ectric Co. haveagreed to furnish the lights for thisconcert and a small subscription hasbeen given the band by the businessman to helD nay the expenses f theprofessional musicians that will playin this concert.The following numbers are on" theprogram :Opening March, "Enterpriser'Overture, "Pastime"Selection, "Every Little Movement"March, "Everybody's Doing It"Waltz, "Minerva"Overture, "Haut Monde' ,Bars Dance. 'Dr. Tinkle Tiakei" 'March, "Ragtime Violm"Serenade. "Sweet Dreams"March, "Msaterioua Rig"ItiwawzzG."Dncin Ja the; Star-Dvrrtnre. "Soaes of the Sunny.deaths;. - HOWARD.The remains of Mrs. Bettie LewisHoward, who died on March 13, wereremoved from the vault in the Pariscemetery yesterday and taken, to Mt.Sterling for burial beside her husband.The intentions of the family were todefer burial until the arrival of herson,- Hon. H. Clay Howard, fromLima, Peru, where he is United StatesMinister, and who will be home forhis vacation this summer, but he haswritten that his plans are indefinite,and the time for his arrival is so uncertain that it was thought best, not topotpone the hurial for a longer period.The body was taken to Mt. Sterlingon the 10:10 am. train and burial followed in the Mt. Sterling cemetery immediately upon the arrival.BROWN, yMrs. Fanuie Brown, aged ninetyone years, died at the home of her son,Mr. E, B. Brown, near' Hutchison, thiscounty, yesterday morning, after anillness of several months of infirmitiesincident to old age. Mrs. Brown wasthe widow of Mr. Richard J. Brown,one of the most poplar citizens ofParis, whoaied in June 1898, and whofrom 1850. to 1866 served the county inthe capacity of County Clerk.2 Before marrige Mrs. Brown wasMiss Fanny Shy, a sister of Mr. SimShy, who passed' away a few years agoat an advancd age. She was the mother of five children, two of whom arenow living Mrs. J. T. Martin, ofthis city, and Mr. E. D. Brown, withwhom she has resided for severalyears. . several grandchildren survive,among them being Wm. Jacoby, MissTommie Brown and John YoungBrown, of Hutchison ; Mrs. Jas. Douglass, Mr. William Neai, Miss MaryBrown and Richard Brown, of this city ;Lee Brown, of Oregon ; and RichardEstill, of - Missouri. Fourteen greatgrandchildren also survive..Mrs. Brown was a member of theChristian church, professing faith atan early age. She possessed an exemplary Christian character, .and. was.beloved by all who knew her. The.funeral services, will be held at theresidence near Hutchison, Saturdaymorning at 10 o'clock, conducted byEld. J. T. Sharrard,ad the burial willtake place at 11 :30 o'clock in the Pariscemetery. The following will be thepall-bearers : Dr. William Kenney Dr,Logan Gregg, Dr. C. G. -Daogherty.,James Douglas, Omar Lloyd, AlbertHinton.Strawberries Every Day.Strawberries" received fresh everyday. "Fine stock. Let us have yourorder.21-3t T. LENIHAN. .Notice.The extreme High prices . of meatcompels us to raise the prices '"of allmeat sandwiches to ten cents or twofor "fifteen cents.Hot beef or pork lunches fifteencents. " .Regular meals . thirtv-fivecent?.24-2t GEO. RASSENFOSS.THE FAIR!SPECIAL VALUESFor Friday OnlyWe are mak4ng some Specialprices on all size Galvanized Iron.Tubs, Clothes. Horses, DiningRoom Pictures and all size Picture Frames, Screen Doors 3x7 at98c each. Window Screens, thekind that do not sag, 38c- andUpwards, Sliding Window ScreenFrames only, can be made- to fitany size window.Solid Oak Sewing Tables, yardmeasure on top. each 98c..Pixies Plants, a novelty andnever ending enjoyment for thechildren, and" in fact, for thewhole family, each little pot filled with fertilized soil, containingliye seeds, will begin "to grow in48. hours after watsr is added, 5ceach?...THE FAIR...ManyYears'ExperienceWith a reputation based upontwenty-five Tears of successfulbanking experience theThe Bourbon Bank andTrust Co.Paris, Kentucky,,has amended its . charter so as tobe able to act as Executor or Administrator of Estatesas Quardiarior Trustee and any other fiduciarycapacity.With ample capital and surplusand long experience, its TrustDepartment is eminently qualifiedto render efficient serviceBturkon Bank 6 Trust Ct.,Paris, Ky.Capital and Surplus $146,000.003 per cent.- paid jbn, Tirae .Deposits: Use Chinamcl. J . -Nothing improves'the home at solittle cost as Chinamel. Make thefloors look new. We sell it21-2t VARDEN & SON."Roxie" Davis !CIk Insurant AgentLife, Accident, Health,Liability, Fire, Wind,Lightning :::::::::Biggest and Best Paying Companies,. Give Old "Nub" a Call.2 Helios 137"If It Isn't an EastmanIt Isn't a Kodak."KODAKS, $5 to $20BROWNIE CAMERAS,$1to$12A Full Line of Supplies.hi 4jDea raoina o(P. S.-2ouKODAKDAUGHERTYBROSpAiceA fA'omISpecial Showing ofCurtainsNow is the Time to Make Your SelectionsBefore the Best Numbers Are Gone ... 1I am in a position to show you the largest and best assortedstock in this part of the State. I make a specialityof thisdepartment and can save you money. Allofou-1 curtainsare bought direct from the manufacturers, therefore cutting out the -middle-man profit. Many numbers I buyirlarge quantities, say fifty and hundred pairs o: a siiglerice and give you the benefit of the saving, Curtainsold heretofore-at$ 2.00 now$1.50 $ 6.50 now$5.002.50 now 1 .75 7.50 now 6.503.50 now 2.50 1 0.OO now 7.50S.OO now 4.00 1 2.50 now 1 0.OOWe have in stock any kind, any price and if you giveus thelopportunity will please you.W. EdAgent Butterick PatternsALWAYS THE NU.IrFee'sv Sugar Cured Hams, per lb .M71-2cV S.C. 1 Ideal" Bacon, per lb 151-2c; Chase & Sanborn's Coffee, per lb. . . .30c-, 3 cans Elephant Corn for. . . .'. 25c3 cans Golden State Peaches for 45c' 3 cans Golden State' Apricots for 45cSTONE'S ASSORTED CAKESMephisto,- Raisin, Silver-Slice and Spanish.COUNTRY CLUBRibbon, Chocolate, Caramei and White Layer Cakes.Place orders a day ahead for Cake Specialties.Fee's Grocery Co.&o-ug.h ejteg.an oneA oA'he urhole fioxiAe and isaA happy aS a xteen. of do hink ha p.oocl;aAefiiJt g.Lve any home an aiA--ancL nou--'adays '"wih he ejte$.an 3Aench and Qmericanones and he aAiAie OAlenal de&Lans o chooef rom, heAe is no exe-u4 foA any woman no '1o!iruy pAey rxt.S;.- Hairy $ ohni ftai Q.Aasjed. on-A.o me of .my Axiaii xtntJLl the-u are A.hadrLv, so.cfJmae. new oneA..2o-uCs 'as eireA,Iray he lres. Aua.A tcnddJ. T. HinfaMand Draperies irTuckereaeConclave SpecialsFor Friday & SaturdayShe tairAasofnarijttPf-- -77itSoeth"THE BOURBON HEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,. MAY 24, 1912 -Jt' .re nunWindowShadesLook much better, last longer!tThe richest window curtains losetheir beauty against the background of a shabby shade. To doyour curtains justice set them offwitb shades of Brenlin. For Brenlin shades always hang straightand smooth, and contain no "filling" to crack, wrinkle, fade orghow unsightly "pin holes." Theyoutlast the ordinary shade severaltimes over, yet cost but a triflemore.Is made In manyartistic tones and in Erenlin Duplex colored one side, white theother. Come in and let us showyou samples and Quote, prices.PRESCRIPTION DID THE WHRWVPS'."". !Doctor's Advice That at First 8eemedfj' Hard-Hearted Effected a Permanent Cure.For Sale by J. T. HintojinamTWIN BROS.,Clothing Department:AH the IM&Vltik&F&fmmmm3i I 'ImmmmNow On DisplayL. WOLLSTEINClothing and Shoe Department.L. Sc N. TIME-TAEBLIN EFFECT JAN 14, 1911. AT 11:59 P. M.Trains AlrriVeNo.341342971040373123326259138385393083231Atlanta, Ga.. DailyLexington, Ky., Daily.....FROM.5 21 am4.34amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except .Sunday .'isfe'V. T: .7.35 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday I 3R. amRowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. , ... . . . . . ... .7.55 amLexington, Ky.t Daily Except Sunday 8.12 amCincinnati, O., Dtiily ; :mmm3 9.50 amMaysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday ." ;-,. 10.20 amLexington, Ky,, Daily ........ .10.15 amCincinnati, O. , Daily. A- 10.24 amLexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.OO amCynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday -..3.10 pmMaysville, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday . . . . . .-. . J .v. 3. 1 5 pmLexington, Ky.. Daily ; . . . . . .: . . ........ ,3.34 mKnoxville, Tenn.. Daily . : f.V. . . I , 3 25 pmMaysville, Ky., Daily .. '.525 pmCincinnati, O , Daily Except Sunday . 5;l0 pmLexington, Ky., Daily .'....6,03 pmLouisville & Frankfort, Daily Except Sunday. ....".:: 6.03 amJacksonville. Fla., Daily , 6 05 pmCincinnati, 0., Daily 1 .:. . .V 10: 50 pmTrains IDe-partNp. .TO84 Cincinnati. 0., Daily 5.28 am4 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 5.35 am29 Lexington, Ky. , Daily Except Sunday." 7 . ; . 7.47 am40 Cincinnati, 0., Daily Except Sunday . 8 20 am10 Maysville, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 8.20 am137 Lexington, Ky., Daily , . , 9.57 am37 Knoxville, Tenn., Daily 9.55 am33 Jacksonville, Fla. , Daily "io 24 am133 Lexington, Ky., Daily ........... '.'.)'.'.'.'. .lo'.27 am6 Maysville, K., Daily -. , 12.05 pm36 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 12.04 am25 Lexington, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 3 34 pm88 Cincinnati, O., Daily 3 40 tjm9 Rowland, Ky., Daily Except Sunday 552 pm39 Lexington, Ky.. Daily Except Sunday ' 5 57 Em32 .Cincinnati, O., Daily ' '6 10 m8 Maysville, Ky., Dailv Except Sunday . 6 15 Em30 Cynthiana, Ky., Daily Except Sunday. 6 25 pm31 Lexington, K., Daily -. .".'lO.pm13 Atlanta, Ga., Daily 1057FlcfcCIN EFFECT OCTOBER. 3. 1911.Trains Arriveo. m FROM9. 17laJrfAif. TTxr To;itr TRVpn4 'Frankfort. Rv.. Dailv ErceDt Sundav o Anw oiij&.iuii., ucLuy jjLuepu oimuay o.ol) pm8162 Lojrfsville & Frankfort, Sunday Only ; ; iiio.'oo pmx'w&tort a, ix)uisviiie, &unaay umy 7 10 am... . 7 Fispiikfort & Louisville, Daily Except Sunday. . ." Y43 arn- 1 P Mikfort, Ky. Daily Except Sunday , .,.;! . 953Dr.. Stephen Smith, who was 89ye'ars old on February 19, is one ofNew York's distinguished surgeons,and a" founder of , the first nurses'training school established in thiscountry. He. is also the originator ofv.-hat he calls- the "peanut cure" fortuberculosis. He used it with successlong before fresh-air sanitariums andsleeping bags had come into vogue."I. happened to invent the cure in4this way," he said. "A rosy-cheeked,wholesome Irish girl brought her sister to my office and asked me what Icould do for her. The sister wasplain, sickly, and weak, and obviouslyhad bad lungs." 'What do you do for a living?' Iasked the girl with the red cheeks." ' 'Tend a corner peanut stand,' shesaid." 'And what does your sister do?'u'Oh, she's ,too sickly to be outdoors ; .we don't let her work.'"'Well,' I said, 'you buy your sister a peanut stand and keep her outdoors. That's the only thing I canrecommend.'"The two girls looked horrified anddeparted. I did not think anythingmore about the case until two yearslater, when two big healthy rosycheeked -girls came to my office. Irecognized one as the peanut standkeeper; the other I couldn't place. Butshe soon introduced herself as my oldpatient, the sickly sister of my rosycheeked visitor."And what have you been doing toyourself?' I asked."'Keeping a peanut stand shesaid." ' "Jaynesville and New WayIC0RM PLANTERSGet results, are not complicated and have all up-to-datefeatures.HAS A NEWSPAPER OF 1773St. Paul Man Owner of Publication InWhich George Washington Wasan Advertiser.A. newspaper dated Friday, August20, 1773, has come into .the possessionof Edward Gerving, says the St. PaulPioneer Press. It is ,a copy of thefirst issue of the Maryland Journaland Baltimore Advertiser. It has notyet been submitted to an archaelogistto determine its authenticity, but itlooks the part with its queer old fashioned type and its -decayed yellow paper which has to "be handled withcare lest it crumble. 'Mr. Gerving lives at the Marloweapartments. An- elderly woman formerly lived there with her son. Thewoman died and the son moved toother parts -leaving a lot of old magazines piled in a corner of the apartment. These the janitor turned overto, Mr. Gerving and in the pages ofan old copy of the Youth's Companionhe found the ancient newspaper.The paper contains an interestingadvertisement signed by one GeorgeWashington, a real estate operator living at Mount-Vernon, who had twentythousand acres. of fine land, the patents "to which he was anxious to dispose of.One subscriber announces that a reward will be paid for a "runaway negro, Prince," a tall, slim fellow, has.several hacks on his forehead, wastaken up at Susquehanna Ferry butmade his escape, and is" often seenaround; the neighborhood. Whoeversecures him" in jail so that the ownermay. get him again shall have fivepounds reward.""' Good Reason.Daniel Kennedy, New York's famous auctioneer, was talking about acollection of French snuffboxes thathad sold too low."You ask why the owner sold themso low?" said Mr. Kennedy. "Well,he sold them low because he had to.Poverty compelled him."It is like the story of the littleboys with the green ribbon in theircoats. The school teacher interrogated these little boys to see whattheir knowledge of Irish historyamounted to." 'Patrick,' she began, 'why are youwearing a green ribbon today?'" 'Because it's the anniversary ofthe great and 'good St. Patrick,ma'am.'" 'Very well. And you, Michael,why are you wearing a green ribbon?'" 'Because St. Patrick is Ireland'spatron saint, ma'am, and green is Ireland's color.'.'"Good! And now, Solomon Eckharstein, tell us why you in yourturn are wearing a green ribbon.'" 'Because, ma'am, Pat and Mikeand Denny said they'd pu'st me snootif I didn't'New Science."What do these imps do?" asks thenew arrival of Satan."They go to the world and temptpeople.""Do they always induce the peopleto yield to the temptation?""Oh, no. Not once in 100 times.But that is as much as I expect.""My dear sir, your place is run ona most old-fashioned system, indeed!Here, look over this volume. 'Efficiency in Business.' It shows youhow to get 100 per cent, results."Well-Chosen Words.The Rev. R. J. Campbell, at a farewell luncheon in New York, said ofa famous bishop who had married atremindously rich widow:"I suppose he proposed to her inappropriate and well-chosen terms. Isuppose he said: ."'Dear madam, will you exchangethe widow's mite for the miter? "5 nAlso all Types offc -b OAAAFOR SALE BY9:Bourbon Garage & Supply Co.Cor. 4th and High Sreets,Paris, Kentucky,ThelNeftletonJap ModelIs the BusinessMan's Favoritewith its comfortable, roomy fittingqualities, its low,broad heel, and toeexpression of goodsense.'We picture the JapModel in a soft GlazedKid Blucher, with' aheavy single sole of oldfashioned oak - tannedleather We have othermodels of the NettletonMake; but recommendthe Jap to the busy manfor every day wear.Geo. McWilliams.Are You Nervous?What makes you nervous? It is the weakness of yourwomanly constitution, which cannot stand the strain of thehard work you do. As a result, you break down, and ruinyour entire nervous system. Don't keep this up! TakeCardui, the ' woman's tonic. Gardui is made from purelyvegetable ingredients. It acts gently on the womanly organs,and helps them to do their proper work. It relieves painand restores health, in a natural manner, by going ' to thesource of the trouble and building, up the bodily strength.f take TheVARDU I WomansTonic. Mrs. Grace. Fortner, of Man, W. Va., took CarduLThis is what she says about it: "I was so weak andnervous; I could not bear to hav anyone near me. I hadfainting spells, and I- lost flesh every day. The first-doseof Cardui helped me. Now, I am entirely cured of thefainting spells, and I cannot say enough for Cardui, for Iknow it saved my life." It is the best tonic for women.Do you suffer from any of the pains peculiar to women?Take Cardui. It will help you. Ask your druggistWrite io: Ladies' Advisory Dept. Chattanooga Medicine Co.. Chattanooga. Tenn.,for Special Instructions, and 64-page book,"Horae Treatment for Women,'' sent free. J 60Woodland Stock Farm.Headquarters for Draft HorsesONEDROPof BOURBON POULTRY CUREdown a chick's throat curescapes. A few drops in thedrinking water cures an(prevents cholera, dlarrhoeeand other chick diseases. One50c bottle makes 12 gallons olmedicine ;At alL .druggists.Sample and booklet on."DIseasesof Fowls" sent FREE.BttirlMn Remedy Ce. Lexisgtet, XjM.T.!Bf3cks; DruggistBLACK PRINCENo. 48710.$15 to Insure.BLACK PRINCE Bought of theGreenville Stock Farm, is a splendidtype of the draft horse, three yearsold, black Percheron, 17C0 pounds inweight. Has proven to be a sure foalgetter and is the kind of horse thatwill appeal to your, fancy both inlooks and work. You can mak. nomistake in breeding to'liim.BarleyBlack Percheron. Wt. 1760$1 5 to Insure,BURL EY is a splendid specimen of thedraft horse and his get have proveato be of the very best. There is a steadily growing demand for the class ofhorses produced by Burley, both uponthe farm and in the cities. Tney canstand more work than the general runof horses. Burley is 7 vears old, abeautiful black. He is well formedand of the class that catches the eye.In selecting a horse to breed to, select one whose produce commandsthe test price.The above horses will make the season of 1912 at Woockfland Stock FarmAbout 7 miles North ofjParis. on the Cynthianaike.iMoney duewhencolt i&foaled, mare transferred or bred to other stock without my consent .iienretained on all cbltuntil season monpy is paia; Care taken lo prevent iccidents but no responsibility assumed should -any occur.5 tSTERLING HINKSON, Lair, KtuckyTHE BOURBON NEWS, PARIS, KENTUCKY,. MAY 24y 1912,,m8TWINDepartment StoreBROSCor. 7th and MainSpecial PricesOn Extra Wide Swiss Flouncing at 25c and50c per yard.Children's- Wash Dresses, 50c, 75 c, $1 .Ladies' one-piece Serge Dresses, $4.98.(All Colors)Ladies' and Misses' Fine Tailored Suits, $9.95.White Nuback Shoes, $3.Special Values on Millinery, Skirts'and Waists.TWIN BROS.Paris, Kentucky -.2:02The Fastest Son of Allerton 2:09J4Sired by Allerton 2:09X, tbe world's leading sire of standard performers!dam Katharina (great brood mare), by Alcyon 2:27; second dam KatieJackson; by Almont 33. Holder of world's pacing record, yz miles, 3:15TERMS: $50 TO INSURE A LIVING FOALPeter Bifliken (3) 2:1611-4Son of Peter The Great 2:07)4,leading sire of futurity winners, dam Baron .Lassie, by Baron Wilkes 2:18.YWi7-inriVf ft-Tinof. rano n rro inch q crctrl Y n?:ncTerms:J$50to Insure a Living Foal.1"W"igrriiis 33907(2) 2.19. of Black Wig 2:07, Remorseful 2:08X, Dorcas H. 2:08), Betsy G.2:10, Katherine A. 2:11 (Ky. Futurity winner 1902), Bessie Brown 2:12),Nedra W. 2:14, Rena Wise 2:15, Sheeney 2:15, Wig Wag 2:16X (champion of Europe) Durgee 2:19, and twenty-three others"in2:30 list.$25 To Insure a Living Foal.Tom Mack.The celebrated James E. Clay jack, will make the season"at Maplehurst StockFarm. ToniJMack i3 the best breeder of mules that euer stood in the county.$12 to Insure a Living Foal.-W. A. BACON, Parjs9 Ky.CONSTANZA 44739jBay Stallion, 16.1 hands; 1,20D pounds. ;v ; Sired by Constantine 2:12 1-2'.Sire of 60 in 2:30'. .1 dam Katherine Rogers .by Sentinel Wilkes 2499(Dam of Senorita, trial 2:08; rec, (Son of Geo. Wilkes 5192:14, Ashlawn, 2:2lK Joe Alverton2:26, Nutlawn trial 2:122 dam Bertha Rogers .by Pretender-1453DAM OFDorris Wilkes 2.14 . .BedeliaB 2:14. Pay Girl 2:12 .. -Grandam of'3 in 2:30 -T -3dam Lela Sprague . ... .- .-. Gvo- Sprague 2 :3?K;. T :DAM OF ' ' ftr-Edna Simmons. ... .v. . ". ...212l2 .Belle Sprague 2:20, trial 2:10 . .Grandam of 3 in 2:304 dam Constance ; .by Hamlet 160 'dam of ' . " - '1 Brooklawn 2:18J '2 Jim Long, sire of 2 in 2:30 v3 Elinora, dam of Bay of Victor 2:30 ---4-Winnie Constance, dam of Ethel v' " v ' 'Ray2:22( . . V 1 . ' '' v5 Mudra, dam of Mudr )na 2:266 Black Walnut, sire of 1.5 dam by L. I. Black Hawk 24CONSTANZA will make present soason at Brooklawn Farm 2 mile.s easfrom Hutchison Station 6 miles south from Paris on Bethlehem pike.$10 to Insure a Live Golt.UP IN ARMS AGAINST CRITICSLondonITheater Managers Resent"Roasts" and Newspaper Makes. a Plain Talk.One can easily sympathize with anactor manager, and not less, as in arecent instance, with an actress-man-agress,who finds that personal estimates.of the merits of a play are notindorsed either by the critics or bythat far more important section of thecommunity, the playgoing public Butthe growing practice on the part ofthose who control our theaters ofshowing something like petulance, orworse, when they find they have madea mistake is full of awkward possibilities. Gerald du Maurier's outburstis the latest instance in point. Because 'those whom he invited to express opinions on his new venture,"The Dust of Egypt,." told the truthabout it and failed to indulge inpaeans of 'praise he .writes a portentous letter to ask "What is. a critic?"The best answer we have seen comesfrom A. C. Benson: "I suppose thatan expert critic is a. man with a natural faculty -of discrimination whichhas been trained by experience." Oneis disposed to believe, after witnessing-the sorry stuff so often put upon thestage, that a little more exercise ofa faculty for discrimination trainedby experience would be to the general advantage 'in the enterprise of thetheater. It would spare the criticsmany dull hours, the managers muchloss of money, and where they cann6t .take their losses in a sportingspirit of temper, while the publicopinion of the stage and all its workswould be .immensely improved. TheGlobe, London.SENSE OF HONOR IN TRAMPSStorekeeper AVho Trusts "Gentlemenof the Road" Declares TheyPay Debts Promptly.In the north part of New York thereis a postmaster, who is also owner ofa small general store, who has ideasabout the tramp that are differentfrom the ideas entertained by the average citizen. The owner of the store.and the representative of Uncle Samis stationed at a junction of three orfour railroads, and nearby is a wood,an ideal place for a tramps' camp,which has .been a. rendexvous foryears.Several years ago the storekeeperbegan selling goods to the hoboes forcash. He- observed that the samefaces came in regularly, at intervalsof a month or more. Soon the trampsbegan to ask for credit, and the storekeeper extended it. He found that in-ivariably the tramp came in and paidhis bill on his next return to the rendezvous, or if he were out on a longtrip, a money order would' be sent forthe amount. He has dealt with theshifting . population for nearly 20years, and declares he has never losta cent from a bad account with one.He does hot know the names of hiscustomers, except as they are accosted by their fellows, by the roadnames they bear, and most of the accounts are kept in the storekeeper'smind.A Great Building Falls. .when its foundation is undermined.,and if the foundation of health gooddigestion is attcaked, quick collapse.follows. On the first Bign of indigestion, Dr. Kings' New Life Pills shouldbe taken to tone the stomach and regulate liver, kidneys and bowels. Pleasant, easy, safe and. only 25 cents atOberdorfer's.Office- Holders AH the Same."Office holders are not different,"says the Billville Banner. "Once in,aide, they never answer the knock ofthe man with. a warrant to dislodge'em. They consider the office a puplie trust, and they trust "that they'llhold it forever. Sometimes there is afuneral, but every obituary notice begins: "Faithful to the last, he died athis post.' No matter how small the,salary, it would be easier to remove amountain than to pry 'em loose!"GABEBLACK JACK .$10.00 lo :nsur ; a liv3 colt. Season money due when colt comes alive.Mires transferred, parted with or removed from county Accidents of everyk'.nd at owner's risk.?. P. BURBRID6E, Hutchison, Ky.No Business Trimsac ed ou Sunday.Lexington E. Tenn. Phcne 09&A.POPULAR EXCURSIONHIGH BRIDGEKENTUCKYSUNDAY, If y 26th75c.lRoundTrip75Round.TripSee the Fxmom High Bridge-rBAND CONCERT, High Bridge Park, (Popular Airs.)Tickets sold t GEORGETOWN"1 oalyea Special fraia ftaviac at 10.50 aa,FotvfutIInformatfon Call On AnyT7ckt Agent, Or AddrSMH. C. KIHG, Passenger and Ticket Agsnt,101 E. Main St. Phoni iJ LEXINGTON, KY..Troublesome Moose of Maine.Hancock county, which is in southeastern Maine, is suffering a plagueof moose and up around the headwaters of Union river and in the. region of Saponic and Nickalous lakesthe people who stay on farms the yeararound), are calling for help.Last summer the animals did serious injury to farm crops. This winter,it appears, they have yarded in andfed upon varieties of slash that seemed to be the honest pioneer's last resource. One farmer writes the statecommissioners of inland fisheries andgame to the effect that several yearsago he bought a tract of 200 acres ofwild land with the intent to go overit annually and cut out hoop poles.He did that once.Then, as he expresses it, about thetime .that thousands of sprouts cameup "the moose came in," destroyedthe sprouts "arid continue annually todestroy at least $200 of poles besidesthe growth." .And this man and hisneighbors have no redress short of theultimate gun, since, though a statelaw provides reimbursement for cropdamages inflicted by deer,' moose donot figure in this way in any statute.Boston Transcript.Time Signals by Telephone.A mechanism has been attached tothe time-clock at the Hamburg observatory by which the exact official timeis transmitted to the telephone system of the city. From -the fifty-fifthto sixtieth second of each minute theapparatus transmits a musical signal,which is followed by a phonographicannouncement of the exact minute.The signals are transmitted by special wire to the headquarters of thetelephone system, and thence to eachlocal exchange.- Any telephone, subscriber who wishes to get the exacttime has only to ask for the time connection at his exchange and to listenfor the phonographic - announcement.This is an improvement upon theAmerican method by" which time signals are transmitted by telegraph onlyonce a day. Youth's Companion.Sacrificed to Reform."You 'have abandoned the picturesque custom of crowning a queen of theMay?""Yes," replied the merry villager;"we-had to give it up. There got tobe so many candidates and so muchcampaigning that politics left us notime for- business."KENTUCKY TRACTION ANDTERMINAL CO. ,"The Blue Grass Route."Hourly High Speed ThroughService. ' :Paris 'r Lexington FrankfortDivision.Cars leave Paris for Lexington, Versailles and Frankfort euery hour onthe hour from 6 a. m. until 8 p. m...and at10 p.fm.,'the last cac going onlyas,.far as VersaillesCars leave Lexington -for Versailles,ff'rankfort and Paris, every hour 'from6 a. m. until 7 p. m, and at 9 andll d."m., the last car going only as far lasVersailles.Cars leave Versailles 'for .Lexingtonand Paris -every 15 jninutes after thehour from6 :1 a. m. until 8:15 p.m.and at 11 :15 p. rn.. last car going onlyas far as Lexngton.Cars leave Versailles for Frankfortevery 45 minutes after the hour from6:45 a. m. until 7:45 p. m., and at 9:45p. m.Cars leave Frankfort fcr Versailles,Lexington and Paris every thiity minutes after the hour from 6:30 a. m.until 7:30 p. m.. and 10:80 p . in., thelast car going enly as far as Lexington. GEORGETOWN- LEXINGTONNICHOLASVILLEDivision.Cars r&ave Georgetown for Lexing-Jton and Nicholasville every forty-fiveminutes after the honr from 5:45 a. m.until 6 :45 p. m., and at 8 :05 and 10 :05p. m.Cars leave Lexington for Nicholasville every thirty minutes after thehour from 6:30 a. m. until 7:30p. m.,and at 9 anrt 11 p. m.Cars leave Nicholasville tor Lexington every'fif teen minutesaf ter the hourfrom 6:15 a.rm. until 8:15 p.m. and at10 :15 p.m.Cars leave Lexington for Georgetown every hour on the hour from 6a. m. until 7 p. m., and at 9 and 11 p.m.No 6 a. m. cars on Sunday .17-tfFor Rent.Front room over gas office. Suitablefor office. For further particulars apply at News office.Egyptian Baron sun.Trial over 3-4 Track Second JSlow 2:091-4.Sired by Oakland Baron 2:09i. winner of the Kentucky Futurity. Sireof Gail Hamilton 2-.06J. Rhythmic2:06. Baron De Shay 2:08.1st dam Egyptiennei race rec)d,2 18. dam of Egyptian Baron ort2:09. Egyntienne by Mambrino K(tr1279 sire of Lady of the Manor 2:04inHeir-at-Law 2:05 3-4, Lord Derby2:05 3-4. grand sire of Minor Heir1 :58J.2nd dam Bay Hambletonian (byjlambletonian 10, sire of George Wilkes(2:22.) Bav Hambletonian dam ofHenrietta 2:17. Egyntienne 2:18, DonFulano 2:22J (sire of Maude M.2:15 3-4. Best Chimes 2:25i;) Artie(dam of Artie King 2:19,Nora Chimfs2:231-. Tornado Chimes 2:24, LydiaVincent 2:281.) Lady Bug (dam ofJune Bug 2:291) Mink (dam of Comanche 2 :22J)Third dam by Gold Dust 150.EGYPTIAN BARON is a black horse15.2. A grand individual and one ofthe best renresentatives of the greatBarcn Wilkes, now known as theFuturity family. He ia one of thefastest best headed horses in Kentucky, and has been a" mile over mythree-quarter track, which is at leastthree seconds slower than Lexington,in 2:091, last half in 1:031, last quarter in x:30 . Although he is a pacer,he was a natural and fast trctter andcould trot in 2:40 at two years old.Was raced a little for educatiaon. andproved himself a game level headed.race horse, and if he stays right, wepredict a record of 2:0o or better Nthisyear. He has served. a few mares, andhis colts are good individuals and. fast.One, a yearling, out of a pacing mare,is one of the best trotters, for hiswork, I ever had trotted a mile, withfew days work, last fall, in 2:58. lasthalf in 1 :26. last quarter in :42.Egyptian Baron will serve a few approved mares at$25 to Insure a Living Foal.Care taken, but no responsibilityassumed for accidents or escapes.Money due in all cases if mare changeshands Gr is parted with. Mares kepon crass at $1.00 ner week.DOUGLAS THOMAS, Paris Ky.job PrintingWORK DONEmmPROfflSSGood Work Dsne Cheat;Cheap Wbri done Good!- v MTR& JQB RBOfflS OfByRBNNEWSAre. prepaired to do the.. best oLPrinting on short notice such as 'BILLHEADSLETTERHEADS,CARDS,'CATALOG , CPOSTERS,and, in fact, everythingthat is printed.Orders for Engraving,such a Wedding Announcements, Invitations,given, prompt attention.V -Let us - f igiife with fyou- onon your next workOur facilities are the best, havingjust installed two of the latest improved Chandler & Price JobPresses come around and see themworkOur type is new and modernfaces.be Bourbon news,104 Issues a Year for$2.00.Advertising rates reasonable and madefH Known on application: .- - :Swnfs., . Beautiful new line of lawn and porchwings. The nicest lot we have ever' -vakown.- . J. T. H1NT0N.-Refrigerators.- -tjet the new Iceberg refrigerator-sold bytf A. F. WHEELER & CO.Refrigerator Time. 1 vNow fa the time to think about thatnew refrigerator for tk'ii sumatef. .Wehave the largest stock we have everbrought on. See the line, they are theI Jcind that save ice.Insure with W.Prompt payingcompanies.O. Hinton.non - unionA tfr4tZb Gome of Cornet Tootwear.DAN COHEN!The Time toBuy is Now,The PlaceIOUR STOREYou will save timeyou purchase yourmer Footwear here,assortment ofand money whenSpring and SumWe have a large-White Shoes and Pumpsin Canvas and Nu-Buck for Womenand Children at a range of prices tosuit the most economical shoppers.These bargains could not be duplicated anywhere outside our storedA Sure Fit.See our line of. Pump and Colonials in allpopular leathers and fabrics. For fit, style andcomfort they are not surpassed.The prices are unusually low,. qualitysidered.con-Keep cool end comfortable in a pair of thefamous Walk-Over Oxfords. We have them in allthe latest styles in Black and Tan Oxfords.We Save You Money on YourFootwear Purchases.DAN COHEN,J; 336 Main St-, Paris, Ky. tMILLERSBURG ITEMS.The commencement v exercises offcha M. F. C. which began ;lastFridaynight were continued Monday,, themost of the day being devoted to, thealumnea of the college. The servicesbegan at 10 a. m.t with a good repre-) - c j.t : j i.semacion ot tuis suuieuy present,representing this ad other states.The address of welcome was delivered by Mrs. 0. B. Smith, the responseby Mrs. Leslie Shrout, of Owingsville.The princi Dal feature of the mornin?was an address by Rev. J. D. Redd,of Paintsville, a graduate of the Kentucky Wesley an College when locatedhere. His wife was a graduate of M.P. C. and a daughter is a member ofthe class of 1912. He paid a glowingtribute to Millersburg when fce ref erred to the removal of the Kenfcuckian Weslevan College to WinChester by the Southern MethodistConference. He moved eyery heartwith pride when ne touched on thenoble womanhood that had gone putfrom this institution and were doinggood work in this broad laud of ours.-, The roll call ot classes followed,and when the 'class, of 1857 was calledMrs. America Butler, ot Millersburg,was present and,.recerved a heartyapplause. The musical program wasJ good. At the close of the exercisesthe alumni went into secret sessionfor a short time, electing officers forthe coming year and transacting otherbusiness. At 1 p. m. , tne alumnea.banquet took place in tha diningof the college. The alumni and a fewinvited guests took their places at thetables under the. beautiful strains ofsweet music by Miss Alma DukeJones and Esther K. Nell. Afterluncheon toasts were delivered withMrs. W. M. Britt as ' toastmistress.At the close of the banquet an in-formal reception was held in the library and parlors of the college from3 to 5. At 8 p. m , the annual concerttook place in" the auditorium. Alarge audience was present and an enjoyable program was rendered. MissBest who is in charge of the piano department is thouroughly accomplished and one of the best instructors inKentucky, having for two yearsstudied under som eminent masters inGermany. The result of her effortswere reflected by her pupils.Tuesday at 10 a. m. the annualcommencement exercises took placuin the auditorium. The spirit ofpride throbbed in every heart whenthe 1912 class proceeded by their ladyand gentleman ushers'fiied in solemnprocession down the aisle and tooktheir places on the rostrum. Theprincipal feature of the morning wasthe address of Dr. Richard Wilkerson, of Louisville. He took as thebasis of his thought the "Economicof Education." Jn the opinion ofmany who heard him it was the bestliterary address delivered in Millersburg on a commencement occasion.A brilliant musical program wasrendered during the exercises. Following the address Dr. C.C. Fisher,president of the college, in a brieftalk presented the diplomas to theclass of 1912. The following constituted the senior class.' Adwina Ammerman, Virginia Austin Crutcher,Mary Elizabeth Ingels, Kizzie MayMcDamei, Clara Peck, Jennie MauriePepper, Nola Dee Redd, MargaretEmily Stanard, Nancy Myers Whaley.lnere were also four special graduates, Katherine Allen Harper, Bett'eIcel Maris in piano and Jennie MauriePepper and Do i McDowell Shivel,in exrres.sion. ie general averagewas then rea. or the year, MissMargaret Stanara, of Pueblo, Col,,receiving the highest, an average ofninety-seven. Quite a number received an average above ninety-five.With the commencement exercisesof 1912 closes one of the most bril-.liaht as well as the most successfulyears in the history of the M. F. C.This was also one of the most, brillsant commencement seasons, whilethere were not many out of townguests present, visitors in the varioushomes as we have had in the past, yetall the exercises were, greeted withlarge audiences, and were it not forthe help proposition there would havebeen more visitors in our homes.The following. is a partial list of visitors, Mia-ics Elizabeth Crutcher audFlossie Stagg, of Paris. Miss LillieMay McKee. Middlesboro. Mrs. H. B.Smith, Glasgow. Miss-Ethel O'Neal,Marrolton, Ark. Misses Kate Leeand Leota Deering, Poplar Plains.Mr. M. E. Wilson, Wellington, Del.Mis. S. P Scrnggs, Johnson Junction.Mrs. E. Marvin, Frankfort. Mrs.,Geo. Jacoby, Paris. Mrs. Joe Jacoby,Paris. Miss Willia Lou Jacoby, Paris. Mrs. Frank Maris, London. MissNancy Hierbnomus, St. Helena. MissKatherine 'Weather's, Ciintonville.Miss Grace Haskins, Ciintonville.Mrs. Putman, Mrs. C. D. Webb, Mrp.William CHntriil, Paris. Mrs. Mulligan, Lexington. Messrs. Skidmoreand Angus, Lexington. MesdamesKendall, Johnson, Jordon, Ginter,Shnuse, Kinnard. Grinstead, Broadus,Richmond. Misses Walden, Norton,Kerr, Huffaker, Kelley,-Vaught, January, Hicks, Scott, Rabburn Inman,Morris, Bouge, and Messrs. JohnsonFloyd and Green, Richmond. MessrsMclntyre, Carlisle and Hager, Paintsville. Mrs. Stitfc, Paris. Mr. Scofield and Mrs. Fields, Cynthiana..iMr- and Sir-. Eeeso Ciarkr, Sardis.The F. T Conclave convenes inParis ivxt Tuesday night. The PariscommanJery pioposes bringing alarge number of them to MillersburgThursday afternoon from 2 to 6.These conclaves are made up of therepresentative people of Kentucky,and Millersburg "should feel justlvproud of having the privilege of entertaining thesepeople and it shouldbe done right. Let them know thatyou appreciate their coming. ' Getouryyour-flags and bunting and decorate the old town. ' Receptions will begiven them at the M. F. C. and M. M.I. It is to the interest of the goodpeople of Millersburg and especiallythe two schools of which we are alljustly proud to, spare no effort to givethese people a good time. Get readyfor it. Let's do it right, so that whenthey go away they may be glad forhaving come here. We want them tosee our school grounds and meet thepresidents of. the two in situations.Don't forget the day, Thursday,May 80th. 'There will be a called meeting ofAmity.Lodge Nq. 40, F. & A. M. at7:30 this evening for the purpose ofconferring he firal degree otL RobertHugfce7 All membr, -re ur4'4-The cadets of 1A. M. 1. wilF nresent the Toastmaster" at the-, drillhall Monday evening. The play -isone of the best thrjee-acfc collegeplays ever written and will be produced with excellent effects by thecadets. It promises to be one of thenotable events of the commencementat this institution. Seats on sale atIngles Bros. Reserved seats 35 cents,general admission 25 cents.The following invitations have beenissued :."The Senior Classof theMillersburg Military Instituterequests your presence at their commencement exercisesTuesday morning, .May twenty-eighthnineteen hundred and twelve,M. M. I. Drill Hall." 'The graduates will be: WilliamGraves Blackburg. Charles Moore Gentry, William Jefferson Harris, JesseDay Kash, Ollie Wathen McClure,Karry Benjamin Miller, Edwin WilderWigglesworth, Frarik Curie Wiggleaworth. '"The calendar is aa follows : Sunday.May 6, 10:30 a. m. CommencementSermon, M. M. I. Drill Hall, by Rev.M. T. Chandler, Pastor M. E. C. SHarrodsburg, Monday, May 27," 9:30,a. Exhibition and CompetitiveDrill,-. M. M. I. Campos. Monday;.May;27, 2:30 p. m. ball game, M. M. I.grounds. Monday, May 27. 8 .to 9:30d. m., entertainment, M. M. I. DrillHall, Monday, May 27, 9:30 to 12 n.ra., reception, main building. Tuesday, May 28. 10:30 a. m.. Graduatingexercises, address to graduates byProf. R. G. Stott, Professor ih English, Kentucky- State Normal, Richmond. Tuesday. May 28, 2:30 p. m ,hall game, Alumni vs. M. M I. 'For Home Use.Order your wet goods, such asbeers, wine', old liquors, etc., fromus and it will have prompt attention.Call over either 'phone. Let us sttukyour cellerette for the Conclave.Family trade solicited.21-3b B. WEISSBERG.Will Receive Donations.The committee to serve dinner to theKnights Templar will open' headquarters in the basement of the courthouse to receive donations. Mr. JamesEarlywine will be in charge and willreceive donations at the North ertrance of the coart house Saturqay.All those who have expressed a willingness to make donations of articlesthat are to be ccoked are requested todliver them to Mr. Earlywine Saturday. All articles of a perishablenature will be received Monday evening and Tuesday morning. Thb como ittee has been extremely active in thepast few days with the result thatthey have secured the promises of alarge number of donations. If the requests made by the committee arecomplied with it will serve .a greatpurpose and aid them in taking careof all donations.Use ChinamelNothing improves the home at solittle cost asv Chinamel. . Make thefloors look new. We sell it.21-2b. VARDEN & SON.Notice. -The local committee of the KnierhtsTemplar have secured the services of afirm of professional decorators to takecare or the decorations for the comingevent, May 29 to 30, inclusive.Headquarters for decorations are at3 and 4 Broadway, where the AdamsExpress Co. were formerly located. Atthis place can be found a varietv nfdesigns, etc., at reasonable 'prices, forthose who wish to do their own decorating.Decorations can also be had on arented basis, the decorators sunnlvincall necessary material, putting ud andtaking down same,and charging' onlyfor rental of goods and ' labor. Callany time. .THE WM. BECK & SONS CO .21-2t . Decoratom.Fancy Goods.Imperted cheese. -Brick. Roaueforh.Swiss, Full Cream, Jar cheese andPimento cheese. Fancy canned andluncheon goods.21-3t. BRAMBLETT & TARR.Cheaper- Gas.The Pans Gas Works can mBkedouble the- quantity of gas thev a:enow selling. To induce the sale ofthiB greater quantity, the discounthas been made greater so that the consumer's bill may be less, although using a greater quantity of gas.Instead of a' straight ten cents perthousand discpunt for prompt .paymentas now,the discount will "be as follows :On first 2,000 cubic feet, or Ie3s, thediscount will be twenty cents per tho.sand. On second 2,000 cubic feet- the7discount will be 35 cents per. thousand. "All over 4,000 cubic feet the discountwill be 60 cent per thousand.The company hopes that this lowcost of gas will induce a large consumrtion. especially for fuel purposep.Buy your gas stoves now and get an.electric fan and be comfortable.Paris gas & electric co..Incorporated.For Home Use.Order your wet goods, such asbeers, wines, old liquors, etc., fromus and it will have prompt attention.Family trade solicited. Call overeither 'phone. Let us stock yourcellerette for the Conclave.21-3t B. WEISSBERG.Bakinti PowderAbsolutely JrureWhere the finest biscuit,cake, hot-breads, crustsor puddings are requiredRoyal is indispensable.Royal is equally valuablein. the preparation of plain,substantial, every- day" ibods, for all occasions.The only baking powder, madefrom Royal Grape Cream of TartarNo Alum Mo Lime PhosphatesFormer Parisians Visit Home.Mr Will Spears, Mrs. Bayly andMiss Bayly ofL ouisville, wertj visior3yesterday to Paris. -Mr. Shears andMrs. Bayly, formerlyMisa Sue Speais,vill be remembered as laving teenborn and- raised in this city, Mr.Spears is now in the . wholesale drygoods business in Louisville. Theyhave been touring the Bluegrass intheir auto, having Fpent a day or twoat the Country Club.Repairing Main Street.Representatives of the National Ri-tumen Co., of Indianapolis, Ind., havebeen here for several days this week, and have a large force ofmen engaged. in repairing the Main street. Considerable progress has been mac"e and itis txpscted the work will be completedj this week, hsn the wtrk of repairing tbe defective porti. njjis completed' the street will he resurfaced x?thpitch. It is the hope to have thestreet completed tefora" the KnightTemplar conclave.Prevent DistressAlter EatingTwo or three Digestit tablets aftereating will prevent or quickly relievethat full uncomfortable feeling try it.If it fails your money will be refunded.Browns' Digestit is a certain quick lelief and permanent remedy for allstomach upsets relieves' indigestioninstantly. Little tablets easv to swallow, absolutely harmless 50c. Askat G. S. Varden & Son's.FLOORLACMakes Beautiful, Easily CleanedFloors. Readily Applied to Oldor New Floors. Comes in Lightand Dark Oak, Cherry, Mahogany and Green. - -C, A. DAUGHERTY,I U7 W C AWT fflW AJrTFMi 'ii llilkYOU FACEifiBttffiftcoWE live, we grow old, and the last years shouldtv.m. I 1. L: JI 1 -.1ucc uuiu taic, U151CCLU oi Duraenea witnthe weight of , having to provide. This should havebeen done in youth by the practice of frugality anda live bank account.United States . Depository for Postal Savings.We pay 3 per cent, interest on savings accountsI DEPOSIT BANK OF PARIS.Capital $1 00,000Surplus $3Q,OOpjr. ,